“Well, our priority is to really get rid of these undead, I wonder where these guys came from that they were able to keep tracking us ……”
Tong Ocean said.
Just as we were talking, a burst of shouts rang out, followed by another melee!
Some undead actually chased after them, and Leng Wu Dao and the others could only run away again!
Chen Ping and the others were resting on a hill at this moment, the continuous battle had made everyone feel very tired!
They hadn’t had a good rest since entering the Abyss, let alone cultivating to replenish themselves!
Now everyone’s energy was almost depleted, and although there were many resources here, they had no time to rest!
Besides, those undead, like wolf dogs, were able to follow the direction of Chen Ping’s escape and quickly catch up with them.
Looking at the tired crowd, Chen Ping casually struck out a formation, surrounding this area for a hundred metres!
“Master Divine Reckoning, Patriarch Yue, you guys rest here for now to replenish yourselves, I’ll deal with the undead, or else these guys will want to stick to us like dog’s skin.”
Chen Ping said to Divine Reckoning and Yue Buqun.
“Mr. Chen, those undead are very powerful, you are afraid that it will be dangerous if you go to deal with them alone.”
The Divine Reckoner said.
“Yes, especially that undead in battle armour, it’s simply perverted, I wasted a lot of effort before I managed to kill one!”
“Mr. Chen should still rest with us, and when we have recovered our strength, we will set off together.”
Yue Buqun also followed suit, hoping that Chen Ping would not go alone!
“It’s alright, even if I encounter danger, I’m still capable enough to defend myself and escape.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly!
In fact, Chen Ping had his own plans, for he had discovered that as soon as he killed these undead, the Dao power in his body would become one point stronger, and if he killed even more powerful undead, the Dao power would increase even faster!
Through the constant killing he had just done, Chen Ping’s Dao power in his body had now increased a lot, so maybe after killing one or two undead, Chen Ping’s Dao power could reach two!
“Mr. Chen, let Xing’er and Rui’er go with you, if we really encounter danger, they can still resist for a while!”
Yue Buqun said as he followed Chen Ping.
Chen Ping knew that Yue Buqun was afraid that he would be in danger, and he was also being kind, so he could not refuse, so he nodded and said “Alright then, when we return, we will bring some medicinal herbs, so we can make a few pills to speed up your recovery!”
Yue Buqun nodded, then looked at Liu Xing and Liu Rui and said “Xing’er, Rui’er, you two should follow Mr. Chen closely, you can’t let him be in danger, if necessary, you know what to do, right?”
The two nodded “Master, don’t worry, we won’t let Mr. Chen be in danger, if necessary we will blow ourselves up to buy Mr. Chen time ……”
“Don’t worry, there will definitely be no danger ……”
Chen Ping had a confident look on his face, then he took Liu Xing and Liu Rui and left!
While Yue Buqun and the Divine Calculus, they were in the middle of the formation and began to quickly cultivate and recover their strength!
“Mr. Chen, you said that those undead didn’t have inner pellets or anything like that, even if they were killed, they would be useless, so why did you still look for them and insist on killing them?”
Liu Rui asked to Chen Ping with some confusion.
Chen Ping smiled “These undead are useless to you, but to me, they are of great use. Every time I kill an undead, my cultivation will increase by one point ……”
When Liu Xing and Liu Rui heard this, they were astonished, this was the first time they had heard that killing the undead could improve their cultivation!
But since Chen Ping said so, then it must be true, there was no need for Chen Ping to lie to them.