This moment.
Dead silence filled the entire space between heaven and earth, everyone was dumbfounded!
Shocked, too shocked, three people joined forces and were all killed by Chen Ping so easily.
Xiao Da in particular, at this moment his legs began to go weak, instinctively wanting to flee, but his legs were no longer obedient.
Zhou Feng and Zhou Yu were even more in shock, looking at the decapitated body of Zhou Tiancheng, the second master of the Zhou family, an icy cold chill rose from the two men’s hearts.
The two men could not help but instantly give a jolt before their eyes looked towards Chen Ping in horror.
Ji Ru Xue was in Chen Ping’s arms at the moment, and she could truly feel the beating of Chen Ping’s heart.
Seeing that Zhou Tiancheng’s body had been cut off by Chen Ping’s sword, Ji Ruxue was also filled with a look of shock.
The Zhou family was a powerful family in Wancheng, but Chen Ping had killed Zhou Tiancheng for himself, without fear of offending the Zhou family.
At this moment, Ji Ru Xue’s heart was warm and she leaned in Chen Ping’s arms even more.
“I said that if I dare to touch Miss Ji, I will pay with the lives of all of you in the Zhou family, now it’s your two turns ……”
Chen Ping looked at the two coldly.
Feeling Chen Ping’s ice-cold gaze, the two men’s hearts were heavy beyond measure and their bodies were trembling.
The two of them were afraid, from the moment Chen Ping cut off Zhou Tiancheng’s body with his sword, the two of them were afraid, it seemed that Chen Ping was not afraid of their Zhou family’s fame at all.
At this moment, the two men’s faces were getting ugly, their hearts were full of remorse, if they hadn’t come forward, they wouldn’t have been reduced to such a state.
“Chen …… Mr. Chen, the one who touched the Ji Palace Master was Zhou Tiancheng, although he was the second master of my Zhou family, he dabbled with flowers everywhere, now that the family head is not here, we have no way to control him, now that Zhou Tiancheng is dead, I still hope that Mr. Chen can spare the Zhou family… …”
At this point, Zhou Feng started to beg for mercy towards Chen Ping.
Zhou Tiancheng was dead, but he deserved to die, if he hadn’t done it for a woman, how would the Zhou family have had such a calamity!
“Yes, yes, it was all Zhou Tiancheng’s doing, it had nothing to do with us, now that he is dead, I hope you can spare us ……”
Zhou Yu also hurriedly followed Chen Ping and begged for mercy.
Xiao Da was filled with disbelief as he listened to the two men’s words, not expecting them, the Zhou family’s underlings, to dare to speak so much about Zhou Tiancheng.
But it also reflected from the side that those people of the Zhou family, it seemed, did not like Zhou Tiancheng too much.
“As I said, if you dare to touch Miss Ji, then let the lives of all of you in the Zhou Family pay for it.”
“You two can still save yourselves from the pain of skin and flesh by killing yourselves now ……”
Chen Ping’s indifferent voice did not carry a trace of emotion.
Zhou Tiancheng had dared to defile Ji Ru Xue, there was no way Chen Ping would let the Zhou family off the hook.
“You …………”
Zhou Feng and Zhou Yu’s faces instantly turned red with rage!
They had begged Chen Ping in such a lowly manner, and with Zhou Tiancheng having been killed, must the Zhou family be driven to extinction?
Chen Ping held his sword in one hand and looked coldly at the two of them, “Are you ready to die?”
“Chen Ping, don’t think we are really afraid of you, we just don’t want to lose both sides, since that’s the case, don’t blame us for fighting to the death ……”
Zhou Feng roared, his face a fierce, full of madness, followed by pulling out a red medicine bottle from his body, directly opened the cap and poured the medicinal liquid inside into his mouth.
Seeing the pill bottle in Zhou Feng’s hand, Chen Ping frowned slightly, because he smelled a smell full of manic aroma from the moment that bottle cap was opened, and it also tasted like corpse cui.
How could a normal martial arts family possibly refine such a drug?
Could it be that the Zhou family had also become evil cultivators?
Just as Chen Ping was pondering, Zhou Feng’s body instantly skyrocketed by a large margin, the clothes on his body shattering in response, revealing two gnarled arms, his chest bulging high, and the aura on his body beginning to rage!