“Yes, yes, second brother is now an immortal, how can he be compared to that guy Chen Ping, if second brother wants to kill him, he can just move his finger, let that guy Chen Ping live a few more days first ……”
Qin Xiaotian bragged to his second brother.
Just at that moment, a group of people suddenly barged in, led by a young man who swept the crowd with a condescending look.
Then, one of the men behind the young man took a step forward and cleared his throat, “Prince Xuan Yuan is here, everyone leave, this place is under our control ……”
Hearing the man’s tone, it was like the emperor going on a tour in ancient times, and everyone else had to dodge.
The first thing you need to do is to take a look at the scene in front of you, everyone snickered, after all, those who are eating here are all martial artists, there are no ordinary people, there are some big families among them, how can they be scared away by two words.
Although many people scoffed, however Qin Xiaoxian’s face suddenly changed slightly.
“Let’s go ……,” Qin Xiaoxian said to Qin Xiaotian.
“Second brother, what are you afraid of? What kind of person is this guy?”
Qin Xiaotian looked at Qin Xiaoxian with great confusion.
The Qin family was considered a big family in Kyoto, and Qin Xiaoxian had even entered the Qin family’s territory to cultivate immortal magic, so how could he be afraid of a Xuan Yuan Gongzi.
What’s more, Qin Xiaoxian had never heard of any Xuan Yuan family at all, and there didn’t seem to be such a bullying family in Kyoto.
“Shut up ……,” Qin Xiaoxian glared at that Qin Xiaotian, then got up and walked out.
Seeing this, Qin Xiaotian could only follow along with his people and leave.
As Qin Xiaoxian pa*sed by the young man, the young man could not help but look at Qin Xiaoxian two more times.
Although the Qin family had left, the others were still motionless and had no intention of leaving.
When the young man saw this, his face turned slightly cold, while the man who had just stepped forward, his breath instantly exploded, and in an instant the whole restaurant was like a ten thousand feet of ice, freezing people to the bone.
At this moment, many people all changed their faces and got up to leave, with this aura alone, they knew that the other party was an expert, not something they could afford to mess with.
“Martial Sect?”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but be a little surprised after feeling this aura, he didn’t expect the other party, a subordinate, to be at the realm of Martial Sect.
One had to know which one of those who had cultivated to the Martial Sect realm was not a dominant master, how could they possibly go and be a subordinate?
Soon, everyone inside the restaurant fled, leaving Chen Ping by himself sitting alone in the corner, quietly waiting for his meal.
When the other party saw that Chen Ping was not leaving, his eyes glared and an aura instantly came towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping slightly lowered his head and did not seem to notice that the other party had already launched an attack towards him.
But just after that breath reached Chen Ping’s heels, it was as if an additional barrier had appeared around Chen Ping out of thin air, directly blocking that breath away.
Clattering …………
The blocked breath hit a table on the side, instantly shattering it.
This time, the other party was directly dumbfounded, and his eyes looked at Chen Ping incredulously, while the Xuan Yuan gongzi’s eyes also faintly stared.
“Sir, your meal is here ……”
At this time, the waiter who had just collected Chen Ping’s money came over with the meal, which was sumptuous.
However, seeing that the restaurant, which was lively just now, was actually all gone at this moment, leaving only a few people, that waiter just froze.
“Put your stuff down, you can leave ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently to the waiter.
“Oh, good good ……”
The waiter looked at the scattered tables and chairs on the floor and nodded hastily.
Working here, he knew that there would often be people fighting and causing trouble here, looking at this scene in front of him, it seemed like someone was fighting here again, in order to avoid getting into trouble, the waiter hurriedly put down the food and hurriedly left.