When Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix heard this, they hurriedly turned their heads to look and realised where there was a single person inside the empty alley!
“Mr Chen, where is someone following?”
Ji Yun asked in confusion!
“Yeah, I didn’t see anyone either?”
Fire Phoenix was also a bit puzzled, not understanding how Chen Ping could suddenly speak to the air!
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to the two of them, but continued to say to the empty alley “Brother, if you don’t show up before, then don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
Just as Chen Ping’s words fell, the void in front of them trembled, followed by a silhouette slowly appearing!
Seeing this, Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix hurriedly retreated backwards and took up a stance!
They did not expect that someone would be able to hide in the void without being detected!
They didn’t even detect the scent of the place!
Although there were many stealth techniques, they could only conceal the body, but it was difficult to completely conceal the breath inside!
But this person in front of him, not only was he invisible, but he didn’t even have a trace of breath!
“Oh, I remember, you also came along with the teleportation array, and took our blimp ……”
Ji Yun looked at the bearded cultivator who appeared and instantly remembered!
After all, this bearded cultivator was rather distinctive, so Ji Yun had some impression!
“Who exactly are you? Why are you following us?”
Chen Ping asked in a cold voice to the bearded cultivator!
“And who are you people?” The bearded cultivator asked back!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but smile after hearing this “You don’t know what I what am? Why are you following us?”
“I see that you had your eyes on us during the teleportation array, right?”
The bearded cultivator did not deny it, but instead glanced at Ji Yun before asking “Why do you dare to be so interested in the Ji family?”
“You first say what exactly you are, if you don’t, then don’t blame us for being impolite.”
Chen Ping seemed unwilling to be following the bearded cultivator’s nagging as his body slowly moved to surround the bearded man!
When the bearded cultivator saw this, he could not help but let out a cold laugh, “Just by virtue of you three tiny Harmonisation realm cultivators, you still want to be impolite to me, you simply do not know what you are doing.”
“Since you guys want to know who I am, then I will tell you ……”
After the bearded cultivator finished speaking, his sleeve robe shook in front of him, and in an instant the beard on his face disappeared, turning into a youth with white skin!
Even the aura on his body had changed a few times!
“My name is Ji Cheng, the eldest son of the Ji Family ……”
Ji Cheng introduced himself!
Chen Ping looked a little surprised at the change in the bearded cultivator, but once he heard that the other party was from the Ji Family, he became even more puzzled!
Since they were both from the Ji Family, why did this Ji Cheng change his appearance and breath, and why didn’t he follow that Second Master Ji?
“Since you are a member of the Ji family, why did you change your appearance? Why not follow that Second Master Ji together?”
Chen Ping asked suspiciously!
“You don’t need to know these, who exactly are the three of you? Why are you prying into the affairs of the Ji family?”
“And why does this person have a trace of our Ji Family’s unique aura on him?”
Ji Cheng said as he pointed at Ji Yun!
It seemed that the reason why this Ji Cheng was paying attention to Chen Ping and the others, and even following them, was because of that unique hint of aura on Ji Yun.
“Because he is also a member of your Ji family, it is only normal that he has the unique aura of your Ji family on him.”
Chen Ping slowly said!
“Nonsense, I know every single person from our Ji family, how come I don’t know him?”
Ji Cheng was a little disbelieving!
“Ji Yun, take out the token your father gave you!”
Chen Ping said to Ji Yun!
Ji Yun nodded, and then took out the bronze-coloured coin!
When that Ji Cheng saw that ancient copper-coloured coin, his eyes widened and his face was filled with astonishment!