When Chen Ping saw this, he could not help but feel happy, fiercely biting the tip of his tongue and relying on a strand of essence blood, he stood up directly.
When the mermaid saw that Chen Ping could even stand up, his dissatisfaction revealed a look of surprise.
“Worthy of being the son of a dragon, the body is really strong ……”
The mermaid said with a face full of surprise.
Once again, Chen Ping heard the words Son of Dragon from the mermaid’s mouth, and he couldn’t help but be stunned, and hurriedly asked, “Who are you? Do you know anything about me?”
The mermaid breathed heavily, but did not answer Chen Ping, instead his body was slowly absorbing the spiritual energy from those beast pills on the ground.
Having been sealed for thousands of years, the mermaid’s strength had long been reduced to one. The reason why he had just exploded out all his remaining strength was to scare the people in front of him away.
If the mermaid’s strength was still preserved, he would definitely not have spared the people in front of him, because they could not be a better cultivation resource for him.
Noticing that the mermaid was regaining strength, Chen Ping fiercely spelled out his last ounce of strength and smashed his fist over.
The golden light on his fist was so dim that even the power of the divine dragon was all that was left!
The mermaid frowned and dodged Chen Ping’s fist.
“Kid, if I still had my strength, a mouthful of spittle could kill you a thousand times over, and you dare to make a move on me?”
“When I recover my strength, I will make your life worse than death ……”
The mermaid looked at Chen Ping with violent anger.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s sanity was a little bit unstable due to the forceful promotion of his essence blood, and his eyes were blurred!
However, he knew that if he did not find a way to kill this mermaid now, after he absorbed the aura to recover some of his strength, his own general would definitely die.
“I won’t give you the chance ……”
Chen Ping once again bit fiercely towards the tip of his tongue, followed by a mouthful of blood spray, and the aura on Chen Ping’s body was instantly boosted by a lot.
The golden light on his fist began to become radiant, then with a furious shout, he smashed his fist into the mermaid!
The mermaid’s face carried an endless amount of anger, how had he ever been ignored by a mole like this before.
Only that the strength within his body was gone, and even in his anger, the mermaid could not do a single thing about it.
Seeing that Chen Ping’s fist was in front of him, the mermaid gritted his teeth and a white, transparent fish spike shot out of his body!
The fish spike was about half a metre long and glowed with a cold light, as if it was carved from Chinese white jade!
After the fish spike penetrated Chen Ping’s body, it disappeared instantly, and Chen Ping fell to the ground with a poof, followed by blackness before his eyes, and he fainted directly ……
Looking at the fainted Chen Ping, the mermaid’s eyes slightly stared: “Good you brat, forcing me to waste the body-defining thorns inside me, later I will definitely pick your skin and draw your tendons, sucking everything out of you ……”
The mermaid looked at Chen Ping with indignation, then began to suck the aura from the beast dan, slowly recovering his strength!
………………
On the other hand, Zhu Zhishan and the others escaped from the City of Ultimate Bliss, only to find out when they got out that the Dragon Lock Island had actually started to cave in, the original and immense island was only a very small area at the moment, even these places were caving in towards the bottom of the sea.
Luckily, there was a cruise ship, so the crowd hurriedly boarded it, and then watched as the Dragon Lock Island disappeared into the sea.
Soon, everything became calm, as if the island had never existed here!
“It’s too bad ……”
“So many beast pills, all wasted ……”
“I was hoping to have a chance to come back again later, now it’s all over.”
Many people started to lament.
Long Xiao looked at the silent Locked Dragon Island, and his face was also filled with pain!
Only Zhu Zhishan’s face was slightly sunken as he gazed at the disappearing sea of Locked Dragon Island, not knowing what he was thinking.
Long Xiao walked over, both of them were all missing an arm at this moment, and the one who caused all this was the same person, that was Chen Ping!