“What happened to Shen Wansan?”
Zhou Zhiqian was stunned.
“The Shen family has always been in the timber business, some time ago Shen Wansan took his men to the Black Blind Forest to cut down trees, and as a result no one came back for three days and three nights, the people went to look for them and only found Shen Wansan, but that Shen Wansan’s whole person was like a fool, he had to be fed to eat and drink.”
Zhou Zhicheng explained.
“Black Blind Forest?” Zhou Zhiqian was startled, “Is this Shen Wansan crazy, how dare he take people to the Black Blind Forest to chop down trees, you know how many years no one has dared to go to the Black Blind Forest.”
“The trees in the Black Blind Forest were so tall and thick that the Shen family couldn’t help but be jealous, so Shen Wansan took his men there. …”
When Zhou Zhicheng said this, Zhou Zhiqian instantly understood, no wonder no one had found this 10,000 year old ginseng king before, to know that in the Northeast, there are many people who go up to the mountains to collect medicine and mushrooms, there is no way that a 10,000 year old ginseng king could not be found, it turned out to be found in the Black Blind Forest.
“What is this Black Blind Forest?”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but ask curiously.
“Oh, Mr. Chen does not know, in our area, there is a forest, into the inside of the people, no one can come out alive, slowly spread the rumor that this mountain forest inside the black blind eat people, so it is named black blind forest, and no one in dare to go in ……”
Zhou Zhiqian followed Chen Ping and explained.
When Zhou Zhicheng saw that Zhou Zhiqian was so polite with Chen Ping and even addressed him as sir, he was dumbfounded for a moment.
He had always thought that Chen Ping, along with Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix, were Zhou Zhiqian’s men who had followed him here, but he had not expected that it was not what he had thought.
“Big brother, who are these people?”
Zhou Zhicheng asked Zhou Zhiqian only then.
“Oh, this is Mr. Chen, who came specifically for the 10,000 year ginseng king ……”
Zhou Zhiqian said.
“Big brother, we can take down this ten thousand year old ginseng king ourselves, why did you bring someone else here?”
Zhou Zhicheng looked at Zhou Zhiqian very dissatisfied, the reason he told Zhou Zhiqian was that he wanted them to buy this 10,000 year old ginseng king by themselves, but he didn’t want Zhou Zhiqian to bring an outsider here.
“Shut up ……” Zhou Zhiqian gave Zhou Zhicheng a fierce glare, “Even if we buy this 10,000 year old ginseng king, we are still going to give it to Mr. Chen.”
Zhou Zhiqian’s words made Zhou Zhicheng re-examine Chen Ping, he found that Chen Ping was just an ordinary young man, and did not have any noble aura, not like a grandson of a big family, he just couldn’t understand how his elder brother treated Chen Ping so respectfully.
Although Zhou Zhicheng did not say anything under Zhou Zhiqian’s intimidating pressure, he was obviously very unconvinced in his heart.
“Mr. Chen, my fourth brother is too greedy for money, don’t take offense ……”
Zhou Zhiqian said with an apologetic smile towards Chen Ping.
“No harm ……”
Chen Ping said with a smile.
Soon, the meal was ready and Zhou Zhiqian warmly greeted Chen Ping as they ate, and prepared a room for Chen Ping and the others as well.
Only Chen Ping refused, he did not want to live in Zhou’s house, the feeling of living in someone else’s house was something Chen Ping was not quite used to, he still asked Lin Tianhu to find a hotel and the three of them stayed inside the hotel.
After settling in, Chen Ping took Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng for a stroll around the streets of this small county, although it was not very busy, the scenery was nice and the air was fresh.
Just as Chen Ping was leading Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng to stroll around, at this moment in the hall of the Zhou family, Zhou Zhicheng called his son, Zhou Wei, to him.
“Dad, what are you calling me for?”
Zhou Wei asked with a puzzled look on his face.
Zhou Zhicheng looked at Zhou Zhiqian’s room before whispering to Zhou Wei, “Do you know where the three people who came with your eldest uncle are staying?”