………………
Penglai Island!
Chen Ping was as comfortable as if he was bathing in a hot spring, he had never felt such dense spiritual energy before, and even more so, he had never absorbed it so recklessly!
He knew that Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique was a superior technique, so the speed of absorbing spiritual energy was much faster than others of the same realm!
Moreover, Chen Ping’s Dantian Spiritual Energy transformation was also quite fast, otherwise if Spiritual Qi entered his Dantian and could not be quickly transformed into Spiritual Energy, his body would soon become a state of fullness, and he would not be able to be absorbing Spiritual Qi.
“This Chen Ping, why is he still awake?”
Outside the small courtyard, Pocky Hu waited for Chen Ping with some anxiety.
Pocky Hu had been here for many days and had been waiting for Chen Ping to wake up from his cultivation!
He did not dare to disturb it easily, if Chen Ping happened to be at the critical moment of his breakthrough, disturbing it easily would damage Chen Ping’s heart and mind.
Suddenly, Pocky Hu noticed that two rays of light instantly rushed out into the sky, followed by a terrifying aura that came out from the small courtyard.
“The aura of the Seventh Realm of YuanYing, this fellow has broken through to the Seventh Realm of YuanYing in three months?”
Hu Ma Zi felt that terrifying aura, and his entire eyes instantly widened, his face full of incredulity!
One had to know that the higher the immortal cultivation realm, the more difficult it was to cultivate, and even if one had a huge amount of spiritual energy to support them, it would still take time to faintly absorb that much spiritual energy.
But when these were put on Chen Ping, it seemed like they were not a matter, Chen Ping’s strength was increasing many times faster than others!
Hu Ma Zi rushed into the small courtyard and kicked open the door of the room!
“You brat, you are too awesome, to have impacted to the Seventh Realm of YuanYing in just three months?”
Pocky Hu was filled with disbelief!
But Chen Ping could not see the slightest hint of excitement or joy on his face, instead he frowned slightly!
“I thought I would be able to impact to the peak of YuanYing, but I didn’t expect to fall so far short ……”
Chen Ping’s words almost didn’t make Hu Ma Zi vomit blood!
He had been coming to Penglai Island for several months and his strength hadn’t increased at all, but Chen Ping had grown so much and he still didn’t know how to be satisfied!
“Your cultivation speed is already very perverted, and you still don’t know how to be satisfied, it’s true that people die compared to others, goods are thrown away compared to goods ……”
Hu Ma Zi burst out in a sigh!
“If it wasn’t for the resistance, I would indeed be able to impact to the peak of YuanYing, but in my cultivation, I seem to have been met with resistance, unable to take a step forward, could it be that this Penglai Island, can really only allow one to advance to YuanYing, and will not advance upwards?”
Chen Ping’s face was grave and his brows were locked as he pondered what was going on!
At the beginning of his cultivation, his progress was fast, but the later he got, the greater the resistance, until he reached the seventh realm of YuanYing, Chen Ping’s repair speed had actually stagnated, and that was why Chen Ping woke up!
“So you were affected too?”
Pockmarked Hu had a surprised look on his face, he had thought that Chen Ping would not be affected by the formations or curses here.
“How have you been investigating these past few months?”
Chen Ping asked to Hu Puzi.
Pocky Hu hurriedly told Chen Ping what he knew, and when Chen Ping heard that there were many temples on Penglai Island, and that only one stone statue was enshrined in the temple, he felt that something was not right.
He felt that there must be something wrong with the stone statue, and the fact that so many temples all enshrined the same stone statue must also have been done deliberately by someone.
“Go, show me ……”
Chen Ping was a bit impatient to have a look.
“What about your friend there?”
Hu Ma Zi pointed to the other room.
“I’ll go wake him up …….”
Chen Ping went next door and woke Zhao Barging up from his cultivation.
In these few months, Zhao Barging’s strength had surprisingly improved every bit, a few months of cultivation, a lonely cultivation.
“Big brother Chen, why do I feel that my strength hasn’t changed at all here?”
Zhao Barging had a depressed look on his face.