But just as Chen Ping was lost in thought, following the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s dialogue, suddenly a cold aura came from behind him!
Only to see that green-clothed cultivator, holding a long knife, arrive behind Chen Ping as if he were a ghost!
It then ruthlessly slashed towards Chen Ping!
“Die for me ……”
The green-clothed cultivator’s face was filled with viciousness, Chen Ping had wasted one of his arms, of course he wanted to take revenge!
A fierce aura was directly on top of that long blade, this was the rhythm to split Chen Ping in half!
Although Ning Zhi had said that he would leave Chen Ping to be dealt with, this green-clothed cultivator had a grudge against the loss of his arm, so he wanted to kill Chen Ping to take revenge!
Just now, he had realised that Chen Ping had actually wandered off in the middle of the battle, so he took the opportunity to strike at Chen Ping’s back!
Facing the sneak attack, Chen Ping had a cold smile on his face and did not turn back!
It did not even dodge!
Just as the long blade slashed at Chen Ping’s body, golden light erupted and the Undying Golden Body blocked the blade, but since the Undying Golden Body had just had a crack, the blade went down and the Undying Golden Body instantly crumbled!
The green-clothed cultivator was overjoyed, without this armour, Chen Ping would be a lamb to the slaughter!
As the long knife in the green-clothed cultivator’s hand continued to fall, the long knife unexpectedly cut directly on Chen Ping’s shoulder, and was not able to sink for a single point!
Looking at Chen Ping’s body, there wasn’t even the slightest scratch!
The green-clothed cultivator’s face was full of astonishment, and his smile directly froze on his face!
He thought that Chen Ping would be able to injure Chen Ping when his Unbreakable Golden Body was broken, but who knew that Chen Ping’s physical body was actually so strong as well!
“With this little trash of yours, even if I don’t have a treasure armour to protect my body, you won’t be able to injure me ……”
Chen Ping turned his head and said with a contemptuous smile!
“Quickly retreat, this Chen Ping’s flesh is tempered, you guys can’t hurt him.”
Seeing this, Ning Zhi hurriedly shouted!
The green-clothed cultivator’s face turned pale as he directly threw the long sword in his hand, then retreated towards the back!
When Chen Ping saw this, he then dropped an Immortal Finger, accompanied by a golden light shooting out from his finger, the green-clothed cultivator was shocked to find that the speed at which he was retreating was actually slowing down, even the flow of time was beginning to slow down!
Before he could react, his other arm was instantly penetrated by the Immortal Finger, and his entire body screamed in misery!
“Eunuch Ning, save me……”
The green-clothed cultivator shouted for Ning Zhi to save him!
After all, the strength Chen Ping had displayed was simply too perverse!
Now even if Chen Ping was standing still, he did not dare to be sneaking up on Chen Ping!
Are you kidding me, such a strong physical body, has never been seen!
“Immortal magic? You actually know Immortal Laws? And this Immortal Law also contains a time origin, you actually perceive the time origin?”
Ning Zhi’s entire body was suddenly shocked after seeing Chen Ping execute the Immortal Finger!
He had thought that he had just followed Chen Ping’s move and that was all Chen Ping had to offer, but he did not want Chen Ping to suddenly perform a handful of Immortal Fingers!
This was too much of a surprise to him ……
Ning Zhi didn’t make a move to save the green-clothed cultivator, but instead shouted, “Escape to the centre of that formation, destroy the formation and you will naturally be saved ……”
Ning Zhi was trying to get that green-clothed cultivator to go and destroy the formation!
As long as the formation was destroyed, then the remaining demonic cultivators would no longer be in danger!
Seeing this, the green-clothed cultivator could only desperately rush towards the bottom of the sea, which at the moment had long since been free of seawater, so he wouldn’t be suffering from seawater erosion!
“Ning Zhi, aren’t you overestimating him a little bit by letting this kind of rubbish go and destroy my formation?”
Chen Ping coldly smiled as his figure instantly disappeared, and immediately after, he appeared behind the green-clothed cultivator!
Chen Ping executed the Royal Fire Steps, which was an Immortal Technique capable of spanning a hundred miles in a single step, except that Chen Ping had not fully mastered the Space Mysteries at this time, so when he executed it, he could only take a step of a few miles!