“Mr Chen, what is this?”
Looking at the metal rod in Chen Ping’s hand, Binglu asked curiously!
“This is a detector, where there is a pole stone, the magnetic field will become stronger and this metal rod will react.”
“Now let’s split up, this place is too big, if we keep searching like this, we don’t know how long it will take.”
“You guys take the detector and go all the way, I’ll go all the way by myself!”
“But the distance can’t be too far, just a hundred miles apart, so that if you guys are in danger, I can back you up at any time!”
Chen Ping handed Bing Lu a probe stick and gave a few more sound transmission jade slips!
And he gave Bing Lu the method of using the probe stick!
“Mr Chen, then you just need to be careful too, after all, the Mu family is looking for you everywhere.”
Bing Lu barked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded and then left!
Bing Lu and the girls all started moving as well, looking around for the pole stones!
Not long after they parted ways, the metal rod in Chen Ping’s hand unexpectedly shook slightly!
Chen Ping’s heart was delighted!
“Found the pole stone ……”
Chen Ping was very happy inside and slowly moved forward, the metal rod shaking more and more and slowly changing direction!
Chen Ping then followed the guidance of the metal rod and explored again!
After walking like this for more than ten miles, the metal rod stopped shaking, as if it had been stopped by something instantly adsorbed!
Chen Ping knew that this should be the location of the Pole Stone!
However, looking at the frequency of the metal rod’s trembling, it seemed like the magnetic field was not very large!
Chen Ping looked over and found that there seemed to be nothing around except for a small raised snow pack!
No one has ever seen the pole stone, if the pole stone is not big, it should have been buried by the thick snow by now, how to find it?
Just when Chen Ping did not know what to do, suddenly those small snow packets moved!
Immediately after that a huge sized demonic beast revealed its form!
“Holy sh*t …………”
Chen Ping was astonished for a while, it turned out that these snow packs were formed by these demonic beasts lying on the ground and covering their bodies with thick snow!
Only a dozen or so demonic beasts were seen, hissing at Chen Ping and spewing out a stream of cold air from their mouths!
These demonic beasts did not attack Chen Ping, but only hissed as if they were scaring Chen Ping from approaching their territory!
Chen Ping took a closer look and found that where these demonic beasts were lying on their backs, there were several fist-sized stones!
Only these stones were also all snow-white in colour, and it seemed as if the shape of a snowflake could be seen inside!
“Could that be the Pole Stone?”
Chen Ping’s heart was overjoyed, if he didn’t look closely, it was really hard to spot it!
These dozen of demonic beasts all had such stones underneath them!
Chen Ping took a few steps forward, wanting to take a closer look!
However, when those dozen or so demonic beasts saw Chen Ping continue to move forward, their hissing and roaring became even louder!
“I just want the stones underneath you, I don’t want to hurt you, you’d better go!”
Chen Ping said to those demonic beasts!
These demonic beasts were only at the seventh grade of the Transition Realm strength, Chen Ping was not afraid at all anymore even if he was facing a dozen or so Transition Realm seventh grade demonic beasts right now!
“Roar …………”
A demonic beast bared its teeth and sprayed a mouthful of cold gas towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body instantly gas a heat wave that directly blocked this cold air!
The demonic beast started to attack, so Chen Ping was not polite!
Only to see Chen Ping take out his Dragon Sword, the Dragon Sword to fire was rising!
Here, most of the demonic beasts belonged to the ice system, and the reason why they pressed the pole stone underneath them should be that they were cultivating!
It was only that Chen Ping had used the metal rod to find this place, disturbing the cultivation of these demonic beasts!
Looking at the Supreme Fire on Chen Ping’s Dragon Beheading Sword, the dozen or so demonic beasts had a bit of fear in their eyes!
However, they did not flee, and they all took the pole stone in their mouths, and immediately launched an attack on Chen Ping!