Only to see Qi Peijia gently brush on his forehead, an eye instantly appeared!
The entire sky began to become dim, and the five people who had originally disappeared had now reappeared in front of Qi Peijia’s eyes!
Feeling the power of Qi Peijia’s Heavenly Underworld Eye, the five people were also surprised!
“Do it, do it ……”
The white-clean man roared, and then the five men attacked towards Qi Peijia like lightning!
However, with Qi Peijia’s Heavenly Underworld Eyes, the attacks of these people were clearly seen.
Qi Peijia flickered his body so that those five people could not even capture his figure!
A mass of black mist then headed towards the five people!
The five people, on the other hand, utilised in the formation and kept dodging!
Just as Qi Peijia followed the five sons of Renjie to fight, Chen Ping and the others arrived!
Chen Ping saw Qi Peijia at a glance!
“What is this situation?”
Bai Shao asked in confusion as she looked at the fight not far in front of her!
“Could it be that all those cultivators that were killed along the way were all done by this Qi Peijia?”
Fire Phoenix saw Qi Peijia fighting with someone, so she also asked curiously!
“It is possible!”
Chen Ping nodded!
Now that the Divine Demon Battlefield was about to close, it was not impossible for Qi Peijia to kill people!
“These five people’s strength isn’t low either, it seems that it won’t be easy for this Qi Peijia to win!”
Bai Shao saw that these five people had Transition Realm Sixth Grade and Transition Realm Seventh Grade, although their strength wasn’t as good as their Three Emperors and Four Kings, they weren’t that easy to deal with either!
Not to mention that Qi Peijia was only a Transitional Apparition Realm 8th Grade cultivator, so he shouldn’t be able to beat them!
“This guy is chasing after his master, it’s just the right time to teach him a lesson, it’s best to kill him ……”
The Fire Phoenix couldn’t wait for Qi Peijia to die immediately!
However, Chen Ping’s face was full of gravity as he said “This Qi Peijia won’t lose, these five people are not his match at all!”
Just as Chen Ping’s words fell, only a boom could be heard!
A huge black palm slapped down from the sky, directly slapping one person to death, turning that person into mush!
Even the formation that was laid down was instantly shattered at this moment.
“Old Third ……”
“Third brother ……”
The remaining four people were in a rage, they didn’t expect that joining forces, in addition to the power of the formation talisman, they still weren’t able to defeat Qi Peijia, instead, one of their own people was slapped to death!
Five people joining hands were not Qi Peijia’s opponent, and now that one person had died, they would be even more unable to resist Qi Peijia’s attacks!
“Retreat, quickly retreat ……”
The white clean man knew that if the fight continued, several of them would die here!
The formation talismans that they had bought with heavy money had all been used, they really had no other means!
“Hahaha, can you guys escape?”
Qi Peijia laughed maniacally as a black mist rose up into the sky, then trapped those four people as if they were in a cage!
Putting away the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Qi Peijia’s face was filled with disdain!
“Who the hell are you? Why are you so strong?”
The white clean man asked!
They had never heard that there was such a powerful demonic cultivator in the Heavenly Demon Mountain.
Qi Peijia had just come out of the Devil Swallowing Cave not long ago, so it was normal that he didn’t know about him, after all, he wasn’t much of an expert in the past!
The remaining four people kept bombarding the surrounding black mist, but it was of no use at all!
“You guys will die soon, and you don’t need to know who I am.”
Qi Peijia’s aura rose, his hands rose up, and the black mist was like a rolling dark cloud that covered the sky and then headed towards those four people!
“Let’s go ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping pulled Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow and left!
“Master, why don’t we follow those four people and join forces, we might be able to kill that Qi Peijia!
Fire Phoenix asked in great confusion!
“If we rush up, those four guys will definitely flee, there’s no way they can co-operate.”
“Everyone is selfish here, wanting to join forces and co-operate is not that easy.”
Chen Ping said as he ran!
Not long after Chen Ping and the others had just left, Qi Peijia slammed a palm of dark clouds, causing those four people to die violently on the spot, blood splattering!
It could be seen that Qi Peijia had decimated a few people rather easily!