With the flames burning violently, several puppets turned into ashes, never to recover!
“You …… how did you know my puppet’s weakness?”
Jue Wu looked at Chen Ping in disbelief!
He had to know that these puppets were the ones he had spent huge amounts of effort to cultivate, and now they had all been turned into ashes.
“What’s so hard about that, I even know how you refine these puppets now.”
“So knowing the weaknesses of the puppets is nothing to be fussed about!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“You fart, this puppet-making technique is pa*sed down from my master’s lineage, so how could you possibly know about it.”
“It was only discovered by you by mistake!”
“But you destroyed my puppet, I won’t let you go, you wait for me ……”
After Jue Wu finished speaking, his body leapt up and dashed to the side, this was his intention to escape!
“Hmph, how can I let you off so easily after hurting my Dragon Sect’s people ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as his body followed suit and leapt up, his right hand fiercely grabbing forward!
A huge suction force directly took a firm hold of that Jue Wu and was caught in Chen Ping’s hand!
“I think you’ve misunderstood, I didn’t kill your Dragon Sect people, I think it was that fellow Jue Yuan who killed your Dragon Sect people, if you want revenge go find him, I’m just here to help.”
Jue Yuan was caught in Chen Ping’s hands and began to beg for mercy.
“Jue Yuan?” Chen Ping froze.
“Yes, that Jue Yuan is the host of this Kuchan Temple, I am just shouting to help, I have no grudge against you, you’d better let me go!”
Jue Yuan continued.
“Is what he said true?” Chen Ping looked at Shi Qingpei and his father!
Feeling the sharp light in Chen Ping’s eyes, Shi Qingpei could only nod and say, “It’s true!”
“Hear that, we really don’t have any grudges, and I haven’t killed anyone from your Dragon Sect, so let me go quickly!”
“Or if you kill me, my master won’t spare you, we have a lineage, if you kill me, you’ll be cutting off the development of our Puppet Temple!”
Jue Wu actually threatened at Chen Ping!
“As a monk, you are randomly brutalizing girls, and you are still practicing any joyful meditation, if people like you don’t die, who will ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he slapped his palm at Jue Wu’s head!
Jue Wu’s eyes were wide open and he instinctively shouted out.
But Jue Wu found that Chen Ping’s palm did not slap down, but covered his head directly, followed by a huge suction force coming in!
The strength in Jue Wu’s body was draining away at a rapid rate.
Jue Wu panicked and tried to struggle, but it was to no avail!
He could only watch as his body grew weaker and weaker, and eventually he became a dried up human being, dead to the core!
He had no idea how many girls he had absorbed, but now he had been drained by Chen Ping and turned into a dried corpse, so he had his comeuppance!
Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan, the father and son, watched as Jue Wu was sucked into a dry corpse by Chen Ping, and were so frightened that their faces turned pale and they kept retreating backwards!
“Now it’s your two turns …………”
Chen Ping’s eyes looked indifferently at Shi Qingpei’s father and son, as if he was looking at dead people!
“Eldest uncle, save us, save us …………”
Shi Yan shouted, but at this time, Jue Yuan was in seclusion, how could he hear him!
Chen Ping looked at Shi Qingpei’s father and son scared like that, his heart was incomparably painful, a huge pressure of might came, directly making Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan fall to their knees!
“Today, I will make you two suffer and die ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, that bloodthirsty aura from his body continued to spread, enveloping the entire Kuchan Temple!
But just as Chen Ping was about to make his move, a bolt of lightning suddenly struck the sky, instantly hitting a large hall of the Kuk Chan Temple!
Immediately afterwards, from within the hall, an aura shot up to the clouds, and soon, in mid-air, an image of the Buddha faintly appeared!
Chen Ping looked up at the mid-air and his face instantly became grave!