“Director Qi, do you know where the heavenly and earthly visions are, what exactly is that place?”
The hunchbacked old man asked!
“I …… I ……”
Qi Yuankun didn’t know how to answer, whether to follow the matter of the relics with the hunchbacked old man in front of him!
And just as Qi Yuankun stumbled around not knowing how to answer, suddenly a Qi Jia Town cultivator hurriedly ran in!
“Lord Secretary, it’s not good, the entrance to the Germanium Lushan Ruins has been discovered and opened, and that Chen Ping is among them.”
The cultivator was sweating profusely, he should have fought his way back to report the news!
Qi Yuankun wanted to stop the other party from speaking, but it was simply too late!
“Director Qi, what’s going on? And what’s going on with that relic?”
The hunchbacked old man said with a slight frown!
“Patriarch Tian, it is rumoured that there is another world in that Germanium Lu Mountain, and there is also an ancient relic there, which is recorded in the ancient books of our Qi Clan Town.”
“It’s just that for nearly a hundred years, the entrance to that relic has never been found, and now that heaven and earth anomalies are appearing frequently, they should be following that relic!”
“Now that the entrance to the relic has been found and opened, I believe there must be quite a few treasures inside!”
Qi Yuankun could only helplessly tell the truth!
Upon hearing this, the hunchbacked old man’s eyes instantly shone with golden light.
“Director Qi, where is that ancient book? Bring it to me so that I can inspect it carefully ……”
The hunchbacked old man said!
“Patriarch, now that the relics have been discovered and opened, you’re delaying in consulting the ancient book, I’m afraid that all the good stuff will be snatched away.”
Heaven’s Fury said anxiously!
“Right, Sovereign we must move as soon as possible, and that Chen Ping is also there, it’s just the right time to grab that Chen Ping piece by piece!”
Tian Luo also urged!
“Tian Luo Tian Fury, you two go to that relic first, with the strength of the two of you, there is absolutely no problem in capturing that Chen Ping.”
“But try not to clash for the others, restrain yourselves!”
“The sudden appearance of the heavenly and earthly anomalies and the appearance of the entrance to the relic is by no means that simple, I must check it out lest it’s a trap!”
The hunchbacked old man was very cautious, he was afraid that this sudden heavenly and earthly visions were once again targeting them!
After all, it would be too much of a coincidence for something like this to happen as soon as they arrived!
“Good, then the two of us will go and explore the path first, and capture that Chen Ping in the meantime!”
When Tian Luo heard this, he immediately said happily!
Without the Patriarch following them, the two of them could do whatever they wanted, and they wouldn’t have to be restricted.
With the strength of the two of them, in this part of the Eastern Domain, it would be a flat out trip, almost to be unrivalled!
Wouldn’t it be great if they could really find some treasures in the relics, and could even keep some in private!
The hunchbacked old man could see Tian Luo’s thoughts at a glance, but didn’t point it out, instead he said to Tian Sha, “Tian Sha, there are some things that are measured, you grasp it more, don’t be too reckless!”
“Sovereign don’t worry!”
Heavenly Fury nodded!
After Heavenly Fury and Tian Luo said their goodbyes, they headed towards Germanium Lu Mountain, the two of them were very fast, their figures flickering away!
And at this moment, at the entrance to the Divine Demon Battlefield of the Germanium Locust Mountain, Elder Zuo Blind sat boredly on a large rock getting high on melon seeds!
A longsword was placed at his side, and in front of him lay a dozen corpses, these were people who didn’t pay the spirit stones and wanted to force their way in!
Without Lin Keting’s restraint, Elder Left Blind let go of his temperament and went on a killing spree!
Anyway, no one would dare to say anything about what happened today!
Just when Elder Left Blind was leisurely knocking on a melon, suddenly two shadows came quickly, accompanied by two shadows at the same time there was an invisible breath shockwave coming!
This is because the two people’s speed is too fast, and the shockwave, under this shockwave, the mountains and rocks have broken open!