Shortly after Chen Ping followed Zhao Liguo and the others, Xuanyuan Kai, Qin Xiaoxian and Cheng Kun also arrived.
Long Xingxu looked at Xuan Yuan Kai who had been seriously injured and said with a face full of doubt, “Duke Xuan Yuan, who else on this island could have injured you like this?”
“Duke Long, it was caused by me running into a fierce beast and struggling ……”
Xuanyuan Kai explained.
He couldn’t possibly tell Long Xingxu the truth, the less people knew about the Dragon Crystal the better, if they let the Dragon Family also know that Chen Ping had obtained the Dragon Crystal, then they, the Xuanyuan Family, were afraid that they wouldn’t stand a chance at all.
“Fierce beast?”
The corner of Long Xingxu’s mouth lifted, “This arm of yours was clearly chopped off, and the wound is so neat, how could it be the work of a fierce beast? Do you take me for a three-year-old child?”
Xuan Yuan Kai lowered his head slightly and stopped speaking, as he did not know how to explain.
Long Xingxu swept a few people twice, then suddenly his face turned cold and a terrifying aura instantly enveloped the crowd, “Did you take the dragon crystal? Say, in whose hands is the Dragon Crystal?”
Long Xing Xu did not dare to question Zhao Liguo, but when facing Xuan Yuan Kai and the others, Long Xing Xu did not have to give any face.
Hearing Long Xingxu’s words, several people were shaken, but no one opened their mouths.
They all thought the same thing, the less people knew about the dragon crystal the better, especially the Long family, if they let the Long family know, then this dragon crystal would not have their share.
When Long Xing Xu saw several people who did not say anything, his face became more and more gloomy and said, “If you do not say anything, then no one will want to leave here ……”
After Long Xingxu finished speaking, a group of Long family members directly surrounded Xuan Yuan Kai and the others.
“Duke Long, we didn’t get any dragon crystals, what are you doing?”
Xuan Yuan Kai said with a slightly ugly face.
“Duke Long, are you trying to make a move on us? Although we, the Perak Sect, and the Xuan Yuan Family are no match for your Dragon Family, but if you really dare to kill us, let’s see if our two families will seek an explanation from the Dragon Family, you are only a side line of the Dragon Family, will the Dragon Family offend our two families for your sake?”
Cheng Kun’s fiery temper, his eyes looked at Long Xing Xu without the slightest fear.
“There is also our Qin family land, I was sent here to Lock Dragon Island by the old ancestor of the Qin family, if I can’t return, the Qin family will definitely not give up in kind ……”
Qin Xiaoxian also stood out at this time and said.
Facing the Dragon Family, several of their families had to unite together to do so, otherwise none of their families could threaten the Dragon Family.
Seeing that he was threatening himself on top of his own cruise ship, Long Xingxu suddenly laughed out loud.
“Hahahaha ……” After laughing twice, it abruptly stopped, then Long Xing Xu said with a face of anger, “I’ll kill you all and throw them all into the sea, who has the knowledge that it was our Dragon Family that did it, how dare you threaten me and look down on me, a side line of the Dragon Family ……”
Long Xingxu, as a genius of the younger generation of the Long Family, was not taken seriously because he came from a side line, which was what Long Xingxu cared most about.
Now that Cheng Kun mocked him to his face for being from a side line, the anger in Long Xingxu’s heart was instantly ignited.
Boom …………
Fiercely, Long Xing Xu struck out, and Cheng Kun, who was several meters away, only felt a strong force hit him, and his whole body instantly flew backwards.
“Young master …………”
The Martial Sect that Cheng Kun had brought with him, hurriedly leapt forward and tried to catch Cheng Kun.
Unfortunately, that Martial Sect had just leapt up when he was kicked out by someone from the Long Family as well.
Neither the Thunderbolt Sect nor the Xuanyuan Family had the strength to follow the Long Family’s match.
Cheng Kun fell heavily to the ground, his face pale beyond compare, the fiery temper he had just carried instantly wilted.
“I am asking you all once, where is the dragon crystal?”
The cold killing intent emanating from Long Xing Xu’s body caused everyone’s entire body to tremble.