Sure enough, those people were so frightened that no one dared to make a sound.
Batu swept a glance and finally landed his gaze on Chen Ping’s body.
At this moment, Chen Ping had long since hidden his aura, and with the little strength that Batou had, he could not see through Chen Ping.
“Boss, the people are all here ……”
Blood Hand said to Batou.
Batu nodded, and then slowly walked towards Chen Ping.
And Chen Ping looked at Batu that way and did not have a trace of panic, except that when Batu approached, the stench and the smell of blood on his body made Chen Ping frown.
Batu still wanted to approach towards Chen Ping, but he was stopped by Chen Ping reaching out, “Stop, don’t you go forward, if you don’t scare people to death, you’ll smother them too.”
“There is water everywhere here, there is nothing to wash, it stinks too much ……”
Chen Ping’s words caused Batu to freeze instantly.
Because for so many years, no one had ever spoken to him like that, nor had anyone ever said that he stank.
“f*ck, how are you talking? Looking for death, are you?”
Bloodhand’s eyes glared, and immediately afterwards, he reached Chen Ping with one healthy step, ready to teach Chen Ping a lesson.
But who knew, Blood Hand’s body had just gotten close to Chen Ping.
He felt a terrifying force erupt from Chen Ping’s body, and without Chen Ping moving, the Blood Hand’s body instantly flew backwards.
He then hit the stone wall hard and spat blood from his mouth.
This sudden turn of events caused Batou to be instantly dumbfounded.
How could he say that Blood Hand was at the peak of Patriarch’s strength and was about to enter Grand Patriarch.
Now, he hadn’t even touched his opponent and was directly knocked out.
This was too outrageous.
Even in his own peak Grand Master state, he would not be able to do this, unless he took a step into Martial Sovereignty.
Could it be that this person in front of him was a Martial Sect?
Cold sweat instantly broke out on Batou’s forehead at the thought of this!
On the other hand, Chen Ping’s body shone with a faint golden light and his aura instantly skyrocketed!
Batu, who was standing in front of Chen Ping, felt a huge mountain pressing down on him, and immediately afterwards, his knees bent and he fell to the ground.
At this moment, Batu understood that the person in front of him was definitely a Martial Patriarch, and definitely more than a fifth-grade Martial Patriarch in strength.
He couldn’t understand how a Martial Sect could be captured this time.
“You are the boss of this island?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Batou who had fallen to his knees.
“Yes, yes, I am, my name is Batu, I wonder what is the name of the tall man?”
Batu said, nodding his head repeatedly.
In front of Chen Ping, Batu did not dare to have any thoughts.
The difference in strength let him know that no matter what thoughts he moved, it would be futile.
The only thing he could do now was to obey!
“My name is Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
As soon as Chen Ping’s name was spoken, that Batou sat down on the ground with a poof.
Immediately afterwards, his eyes looked at Chen Ping in horror.
“You …… are Chen Ping?”
Batu trembled.
“You know me?” Chen Ping was a little surprised.
In this sh*tty place where there was not even internet, how could this Batu know himself.
Batu nodded, “I’ve heard of Mr. Chen’s great name, decapitating the head of Guo Wei, the director of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union ……”
Chen Ping was a little surprised when he heard that, he didn’t expect this incident to have such a big impact.
Even a place where birds don’t sh*t could have heard of his deeds.
“You let all these go now ……”
Chen Ping looked at those staff members who were huddled in the corner, so he said to Batou.
“Fine, fine, let them go right now ……”
After Batou finished, he said towards Bloodhand, “Hurry up and listen to Mr. Chen, let the people go ……”
Blood Hand climbed up with difficulty and then called for someone to come and release all those staff members.
These were just ordinary people, where had they ever seen such a scene!
So after being released back to the cruise ship, they drove the boat and ran away, not caring about Chen Ping either.
“Mr. Chen, we were forced to be pirates, I hope you can be noble and spare our lives ……”
Batu begged at Chen Ping.