Soon, Chen Ping’s gaze was caught by a person in the middle of these beast races!
One could only see that this person was dressed in white, with two horns growing on his head and a clear brow, the other Beast Race cultivators surrounded this person, but did not dare to get too close!
“What is that person with horns on his head?”
Chen Ping said as he pointed at the man in the middle!
Brother Missy looked and then whispered, “That guy is called Bai Cheng, a finger to present himself as a descendant of the Dragon Clan, in fact, he is just a big python, except that this guy is very strong, so no one messes with him.”
“Dragon descendant?”Chen Ping froze, and took a closer look at that Bai Cheng, the two horns on his head were indeed very much like those of the Dragon Race!
To know that a scaly snake grows horns, it also naturally transforms into a dragon, this guy has horns on his head, he might really be a dragon race!
“How was he captured in?”Chen Ping asked!
“That I don’t know, maybe these people weren’t captured in, anyway, every time the wind is released, these people are underneath that ancient tree.”
“We are not allowed to go over there, we will definitely be beaten after we go over there.”
Brother Missy whispered!
“That ancient tree doesn’t belong to his family, and this is a big prison, not their family’s kang, what’s to stop him from letting go over there?”
Once Chen Ping heard this, after a cold smile, he walked towards that ancient tree!
Seeing this, the youngest sister’s brother hurriedly blocked, “Don’t go over there, they are many, and that Bai Cheng’s strength, I don’t know exactly to what realm!”
“If the strength is very strong, if we go over there, won’t we be at a great loss!”
The youngest sister’s brother stopped Chen Ping, but where could he stop him?
Just as Chen Ping and the youngest sister’s brother were tugging at each other, that Bai Cheng seemed to have a feeling and looked up!
Just follow Chen Ping four eyes relative, instantly each other sensed each other’s power!
Those Beast Race cultivators below the ancient tree saw this, they also got up, ready to strike!
Just as Chen Ping followed the youngest sister brother close to the ancient tree, the white city made a wink, instantly more than a dozen cultivators all gathered around!
Seeing this, the youngest sister’s brother’s face changed greatly in fear, directly let go of Chen Ping, and ran backwards for some distance!
At this time, self-preservation is the most important, he can not stand with Chen Ping, when beaten, the youngest sister brother can not withstand!
A dozen or so cultivators, all of them of the first or second rank of the Mahayana realm, surrounded Chen Ping in the middle!
Chen Ping swept a glance at these cultivators, the corner of his mouth showing a touch of disdain!
“Kid, this is not the place for you to come, get out of here!”
A man with eyes like vipers said in a cold voice to Chen Ping!
“Is this place your family’s bed? I can go wherever I like, what do you care?”
“What’s the point of being bullish when you’ve been put in jail?”Chen Ping said with a cold snort!
In an instant, the dozen or so cultivators froze, they never thought that Chen Ping, a mere Ferrying Realm cultivator, would be so rampant!
Facing the dozen or so of their Mahayana Realm cultivators, he did not even have a trace of fear!
Not only was he not afraid, he even spoke out of turn!
“Kid, you’re quite wild, do you think that you’re not afraid because you can’t kill anyone inside the prison?”
“Let me tell you, I have the means to make your life worse than death.”
The man said with an angry face!
Death wasn’t the most terrifying thing, in the hands of these cultivators, there were multiple ways that one could live worse than death!
“If I’m not wrong, you’re a snake demon transformed, right? Cultivation is not easy, get off to the side and stay well, if you really piss me off, I will directly pinch your seven inches and chop you into several pieces.”
Chen Ping looked at the man and said with a cold smile!
“Kid, you don’t want to be rampant ……”
When the man heard this, he was instantly furious, directly waving his hand, a dozen of Mahayana Realm cultivators approached towards Chen Ping!