This was Zhu Zhishan’s way of making all the clans and families understand that although he was not very strong, he was still the alliance leader of the Martial Alliance and had supreme power!
“Waiter, serve the wine ……”
Zhu Zhishan was a little dizzy from drinking, but was still greeting and serving wine!
During this period of time, without Chen Ping causing trouble, the entire Kyoto martial arts community had calmed down quite a bit, and Zhu Zhishan had relaxed, not having to worry about when Chen Ping would kill himself!
“Master Zhu, you’ve had too much to drink, don’t drink any more ……”
At this time, a manager-looking one came over and said.
Zhu Zhishan drank here almost every day, but every time he didn’t pay, so they didn’t dare to say anything!
This time, seeing that Zhu Zhishan had drunk too much, that manager only dared to come over to persuade!
“What do you mean? Are you afraid that I won’t pay?”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes narrowed slightly as he patted that manager’s shoulder and said.
“Master Zhu, that’s not what I meant, I just saw that you were drunk and was afraid that you might be in danger back there!”
The manager hurriedly explained.
“What kind of danger is there, I am the Alliance Master of the Martial Alliance, who dares to disrespect me?”
“Is it because you also despise me as the Alliance Master and think that I have no real power as the Alliance Master?”
Zhu Zhishan grabbed that manager’s collar as he asked with a face full of anger.
The manager was frightened into a cold sweat and quickly waved his hands, “No, no, Lord Zhu has misunderstood, how dare I look down on you.”
“Waiter, quickly bring a bottle of good wine over to Alliance Master Zhu ……”
Soon, the waiter brought a bottle of good wine, and only then did Zhu Zhishan give up!
He then took the wine and walked out of the tavern, staggering as he walked and drank, humming a song, having a nice little time!
But when he reached an alleyway, he bumped into a man!
“Who the hell is blocking the way here?”
Zhu Zhishan squinted his eyes and cursed loudly and angrily!
When he took a closer look, he saw that the person in front of him was dressed in a black robe, causing Zhu Zhishan to shudder!
But when he saw that the black robe did not have that symbol within the Martial Arts Alliance on it, he was relieved!
If this black robe was a black bronze robe or a black silver robe within the Martial Dao Alliance, then he would have been in for a treat!
“Master Zhu, living a good life with a small drink every day ……”
An eerie voice came!
Zhu Zhishan faintly froze, feeling that this voice was very familiar!
“Who are you? Knowing that I am the Martial Alliance Alliance Master, and still dare to block my way, believe it or not I will kill you now ……”
Zhu Zhishan roared at the black-robed man!
“Kill me?” The black-robed man snorted coldly, “Just because you want to kill me, you are also worthy ……”
The black-robed man turned his back on Zhu Zhishan, his voice full of disdain and provocation!
“Seek death ……”
Zhu Zhishan threw the wine bottle in his hand, followed by a slap.
A strong wind whistled out and instantly struck the back of the black-robed man in front of him!
But when the palm struck the black-robed man, he did not even move.
Zhu Zhishan’s face was instantly shocked, and even his wine woke up a few times!
“You …… what are you?”
Zhu Zhishan asked in surprise.
“Lord Zhu is really forgetful, can’t even hear my voice anymore?”
Long Xiao slowly turned around and looked at Zhu Zhishan and asked.
“Long Xiao?”
After Zhu Zhishan saw Long Xiao, his brows furrowed tightly!
“How could it be you? Why are you standing in my way?”
Zhu Zhishan asked as he stared at Long Xiao with a deadly stare.
“I would like to ask, why is Lord Zhu targeting my Long Clan? Is my Long family’s strength not worthy of attending a small alliance meeting?”
Long Xiao asked in an undisguised manner.
“I am the alliance master, I have the say in the alliance meeting, where is it your turn to question me?”
“Your Long family is just a member of the Martial Alliance, does it still have to go through your Long family’s consent for every meeting?”
Hearing that Long Xiao was actually here to fight for Long Jingguo, Zhu Zhishan coldly snorted.