This sudden scene scared so everyone silly!
Especially Bing Lu, whose face was filled with self-blame, and that Blue Yingying, whose eyes were wide open in disbelief of what was in front of her!
Chen Ping also sensed that something was wrong, and instantly flashed back with his Royal Fire Steps!
But it was already too late, there was no way for him to save the two Saint Maidens, he could only watch as the two Saint Maidens were strangled and fell down the crack!
Anger burned in Chen Ping’s eyes!
“Binglu, what the hell is going on here? You give me an explanation!”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, his voice cold and terrifying!
Bing Lu’s body trembled slightly with fear and sadness!
Two sisters, right in the middle of her ignorant orders, had lost their lives!
Although they both knew that it was incredibly dangerous in the Polar Regions and that they could lose their lives at any time!
But losing their lives because of her stupid orders, Ice Dew felt guilty!
“I …… wanted them to go to the opposite side to retrieve the Pole Stone so that they wouldn’t have to make a diversion, who knows ……”
Ice Dew couldn’t say any more, leaving tears of remorse!
“Did you take my words for granted? Didn’t I say that you are not allowed to cross the rift?”
Chen Ping yelled!
Bing Lu’s face was filled with self-reproach as she continuously cried bitterly!
Blue Yingying on the other hand stepped forward and said to Chen Ping “What are you yelling for, we were also aiming to get the pole stone earlier, who knew that this kind of thing happened, we didn’t want it either.”
“It was me who made Bing Lu do this, it’s all my responsibility, you roar with me ……”
Chen Ping looked at Lan Yingying, his eyes filled with anger!
He knew that Binglu would definitely not disobey his orders, and now it seemed that it was really this Blue Yingying who instigated it from this!
“Your idea, then why didn’t you go and retrieve the pole stone? Just because of your ignorance, it cost the lives of two holy maidens for nothing.”
“Go yourself, you don’t have to take responsibility for the others if you die yourself.”
“I think you just don’t dare, those who accompanied you died but you didn’t, did you abandon them and run for your life yourself at the most dangerous time?”
“Don’t think you are remarkable, if you hadn’t followed us, you would have been a corpse by now.”
Chen Ping’s words were hard to hear, he couldn’t control his emotions anymore!
This kind of stupidity would really get a lot of people killed!
“No, I didn’t, I didn’t abandon anyone, you can’t say that about me ……”
Lan Yingying seemed to have been stimulated by Chen Ping, trembling and yelling, followed by running away alone!
“Sister Yingying ……”
Seeing this, Binglu wanted to go after her, but was stopped by Chen Ping!
“No one is allowed to care about her, let this kind of fool sober up on her own!”
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to that Lan Yingying, but instead brought Bing Lu and the girls to continue on their way!
However, even though Chen Ping said that, he was still a little worried inside!
That Blue Yingying was actually not bad, nor was she trying to harm her sisters, she was just stupid in the head!
If Blue Yingying was bad, she wouldn’t have spoken out to remind Chen Ping that Shen Ji Zi was a liar when she was in South End City!
There were times when stupid women could really get people killed, especially stupid women who thought they were stupid!
When Chen Ping thought about it, he thought about getting that Blue Yingying back, but there was no Blue Yingying’s figure anymore!
Now Chen Ping could only pray that Lan Yingying did not encounter any danger!
Anyways, she was also a member of the Guanghan Palace.
Chen Ping walked forward carefully, although they also encountered demonic beasts on the way, they were all solved by Chen Ping in advance, and did not let Bing Lu and the others to take action, this was also to let Bing Lu and the others to save their strength!
When they encountered some low strength demonic beasts, they were all scared away by the Snow Bear Monster that Chen Ping was sitting on!
Chen Ping didn’t chase after them either, after all, he wasn’t here to kill demonic beasts and take beast dan!