Chen Ping was stunned and hurriedly asked, “Senior, do you recognise this thing? Have you remembered something?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch, on the other hand, shook his head and then said, “Although I have lost my memory, but I recognise this thing, it is that Fire Spirit Star Monarch’s Essence of Supreme Fire.”
“What is stored in here are the five types of Supreme Fire, the Fire Spirit Star Monarch’s things, how did it get to this Celestial Realm, could it be that this fellow has come to the Celestial Realm?”
Chen Ping understood what was going on as he listened to the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
That Fire Spirit Star Sovereign had come to the Celestial Realm during the God-Devil War, so it was quite possible that his things existed in the Celestial Realm!
Chen Ping looked at the Supreme Flame Essence Spirit in his hand and was very shocked inwardly!
He had never thought that there could be many kinds of Supreme Fire!
The Origin Stars flickered, Chen Ping wanted to absorb the Supreme Fire inside this Essence Spirit, which could definitely enhance his Fire Origin by a lot!
However, just as Chen Ping’s mind moved, the power of the Fire Origin was like a rolling flood, surging towards the Essence Spirit!
The crimson flame within the Essence Spirit slowly began to become visible, and the light became even more dazzling!
“f*ck me ……”
Chen Ping’s heart shook as he hurriedly cut off his Origin Power!
He had wanted to absorb the power in this Essence of Supreme Fire, but he did not expect that his Origin Power would be devoured!
“Are you crazy, you’re a mere minor cultivator of the Transition Realm and you still want to absorb the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign’s Essence of Supreme Fire?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch asked in shock!
Chen Ping scratched his head, he only wanted to try, he did not expect this Supreme Fire Essence Spirit to be so powerful!
“This crap can’t be absorbed, so it doesn’t seem to be of much use ……”
Chen Ping threw the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit into the storage ring!
Not being able to absorb it, to Chen Ping, it was useless!
“Mr Chen, what is that thing?”
Lan Yingying saw that Chen Ping did not make a sound for half a day, so she asked curiously!
“A Demonic Beast Beast Dan, it’s useless!”
Chen Ping said perfunctorily!
Even if he had said the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign’s Supreme Fire Essence, it was expected that Lan Yingying would not understand!
Just after Chen Ping had finished speaking, suddenly a sound of breaking air kept ringing out!
“Someone is approaching ……”
Chen Ping frowned and was instantly on guard!
Seeing this, Lan Yingying then called out all the resting Holy Maidens!
In this polar region, there was danger at any time, so one must always remain vigilant!
Chen Ping felt the direction from which the sound came from and could not help but be puzzled!
It was said that in this polar region, due to the magnetic field, no matter what kind of cultivator it was, there was no way to fly fast for a long time!
However, the sound that was being made now was clearly the sound of a fast flight, the sound of breaking through the air!
Soon, a figure appeared, coming towards Chen Ping and the others in a very sorry state.
Chen Ping was very alert, his divine sense spread out and his Dragon Slashing Sword was in his hand!
The other party could fly so fast in the polar regions, that strength must not be low!
Along with the other party getting closer and closer, Chen Ping was surprised to find that the other party was actually a spirit body, the aura of his body was fluttering, and it was as if the whole person was being blown by the wind!
“Patriarch Chen ……”
Chen Ping was shocked when he discerned the other party!
Only to see that Patriarch Chen’s physical body had long since disappeared, and now there was only a remnant soul left, Chen Ping sort of knew why the other party could fly.
However, Chen Ping didn’t understand, they hadn’t been separated for long after Patriarch Luo and the others, how did this Patriarch Chen become like this!
This Patriarch Chen was obviously panicked and did not even notice Chen Ping and the others!
Perhaps he had not yet adapted to his identity as a soul spirit, so he was flying erratically!
“Patriarch Chen ……”
Chen Ping leapt up and shouted at that Patriarch Chen!
Patriarch Chen was startled, and when he saw that it was Chen Ping, he burst into tears of joy!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, help, help ……”
Patriarch Chen shouted!