Seeing that Chang Wanjun hadn’t moved, Chen Ping gave an awkward smile and withdrew his hand!
Seeing this, Zhao Wuji hurriedly said, “Leader, Mr. Chen is highly skilled in medicine and is also proficient in the arts, that’s why I invited Mr. Chen here!”
Zhao Wuji knew that Chang Wanjun saw that Chen Ping was too young and was somewhat less convinced, so he explained!
But in front of Zou Zhaolong and that Yuan Baozhong, Zhao Wouji couldn’t reveal the identity of Chen Ping’s cultivator, after all, these were secrets that couldn’t be revealed easily!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, you’re not taking money from this kid, are you? At his age, how proficient can his medical skills be? How proficient can he be in the arts? Even if he learns cultivation from inside his mother’s womb, it’s only just over twenty years, while I’ve been studying the arts since I was young, and I’ve also studied quite a lot about the art of medicine, it’s been decades, I don’t even dare to introduce myself like this, yet you’re praising this kid to the skies?”
Yuan Baozhong said with a sneer on his face!
Chen Ping could do magic, Yuan Baozhong had learned it at the auction, only at that time he was just careless and did not put Chen Ping in his eyes, that’s why he let Chen Ping exploit the loophole and put a sound transmission formation on Zou Zhaolong, so that their affair was exposed, he did not think Chen Ping could have much magic, a small sound transmission formation, just a few years of magic training, he could learn it!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, the leader’s grandson is not something that can be treated haphazardly by just anything, if something goes wrong, who can afford it? Can you afford it?”
Zou Zhaolong asked as he looked at Zhao Wuji with disdain!
At this moment, he had long hated Chen Ping, and he didn’t like Zhao Wuji very much either, but the other party was the Lord of the Dharma Protection Pavilion, so Zou Zhaolong didn’t dare to disrespect him!
Now that they were the guests of the Chang’s Aid Army, there was no need to give Zhao Wuji a good look. Even if he scolded Zhao Wuji, I believe Zhao Wuji would not dare to do anything to them!
Zhao Wouji coldly snorted, “Since I invited Mr. Chen here, I am naturally willing to bear all the consequences ……”
“Leader, since Pavilion Master Zhao is so convinced, then I guess there is no need for me to make a move, so I will ask that what’s-his-name Chen Ping to make a move to heal your son, I will first take my leave ……”
Yuan Baozhong said, getting up and intending to leave!
He was trying to capture the situation, deliberately so, to see how Chang Aidun would react!
“Master Yuan, I sent someone to invite you here, naturally I want Master Yuan to help heal my son, please stay ……” Chang Wanjun stopped Yuan Baozhong, and then turned his head to look at Zhao Wouji and said, “Wouji, I understand your feelings, but Here is Master Yuan, I believe he can cure my son’s illness, you’d better take that young man and leave first, if there are other matters, we’ll talk about them afterwards ……”
Chang Yuanjun gave an expulsion order to Zhao Wuji and Chen Ping, which was exactly what Yuan Baozhong wanted to see!
At this moment, Yuan Baozhong was looking at Zhao Wouji and Chen Ping with a smug face, while that Zou Zhaolong was also full of sneers!
Zhao Wouji had a difficult face and said with a slight plea, “Leader, Mr. Chen is really strong, you just …………”
Seeing that Zhao Wouji actually did not want to leave, Chang Yuanjun’s face was slightly cold: “Send the guest away ……”
With a word of sending off, someone immediately came in and said towards Zhao Wouji, “Pavilion Master Zhao, please send ……”
When Zhao Wouji saw that Chang Wanjun was angry, he didn’t dare to say anything, he could only sigh and turn his head to look at Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, we’d better leave first ……”
But Zhao Wuji shouted at Chen Ping, and Chen Ping acted as if he hadn’t heard him, his eyes staring deadly in the direction of the bedroom, his brow slightly furrowed, his whole body motionless!
“Mr. Chen?” Zhao Wuji saw that look on Chen Ping’s face and puzzledly pushed!
Only then did Chen Ping shudder and nodded towards Zhao Wuji, “Well, let’s go!”
However, Chen Ping did not turn back as he followed Zhao Wuji outwards and said loudly, “We’ll just wait outside, if you run into trouble, you can come out and find me ……”
Chen Ping’s words were meant for the Chang Aid Army!