The Liu Clan Master’s eyes were filled with shock as he looked at Long Xiao with a shocked expression!
And Long Xiao slowly stepped forward, stepped on the Liu Family Master’s body, then a burst of black mist emerged from his palm, wrapping that Liu Family Master!
Soon, the strength of the Liu Family Master was sucked away by Long Xiao right in front of him!
Immediately afterwards, with the force of his foot, the Liu Family Master’s body instantly broke apart and died!
“Long Xiao, don’t …………”
Zhu Zhishan saw this and tried to stop it, but it was already too late!
The others looked at the scene in front of them and were all dumbfounded!
This Lord of the Liu Family was at the late Martial Marquis realm, yet he was killed by Long Xiao so easily!
“Does anyone else think that my Long family, is not qualified to participate in this alliance meeting?”
Long Xiao said as he swept a glance at the crowd at the scene.
At this moment, everyone fell silent, each one lowering their heads, not daring to speak!
The strength that Long Xiao had displayed had made each of them tremble in fear!
Seeing that no one was speaking, a smug smile appeared on Long Xiao’s face!
This feeling of standing at the peak of power made him feel great ……
“Master Zhu ……”
Long Xiao looked towards Zhu Zhishan and shouted.
“What’s the matter, Lord Long?”
Zhu Zhishan’s heart palpitated after seeing Long Xiao’s cruel tactics!
Although the power within the Martial Alliance was not something that Long Xiao, a Great Martial Marquis, could compare to.
However, in this situation before him, if Zhu Zhishan did not act compromised, he was afraid that he would be the next to die.
“This position of yours, I think it’s been so long, it’s time to change someone, I think my father would be quite suitable ……”
Long Xiao said to Zhu Zhishan.
“Duke Long, although I am the alliance leader, but to give up my position, it has to be agreed by the senior management, this is something you know ……”
Zhu Zhishan had a difficult face.
He could stop being the alliance leader, but it wasn’t up to him.
Ning Zhi, the deputy alliance leader, was even more powerful than him!
Not to mention the fact that there were high-ups behind him, and great powers up there!
Without anyone’s word, how could Zhu Zhishan dare to just agree, now that Ning Zhi was in seclusion, Zhu Zhishan couldn’t find anyone to deal with Long Xiao!
“Aren’t you talking about those black bronze robes? If someone disagrees, let him come directly to me ……”
Long Xiao said as that aura of a Great Martial Marquis began to pervade his body.
Under this pressure of might, so some people felt their hearts tremble!
“Great Martial Marquis, this Long Xiao has actually been promoted to Great Martial Marquis ……”
“No wonder he killed the Lord of the Liu Family with a single slap, at the realm of Grand Martial Marquis, who can be an opponent ah ……”
Everyone trembled as they looked at Long Xiao in disbelief!
“Zhu Alliance Master, aren’t you coming down yet?”
Long Xiao asked coldly.
Zhu Zhishan’s face turned ugly, and finally he could only reluctantly and slowly retreat from the main seat!
“Dad, you can sit up now ……”
Long Xiao said to Long Jingguo.
Long Jingguo looked at the seat of the alliance in front of him, his face full of excitement!
Taking a step forward, Long Jingguo sat down directly!
“Hahahaha, from now on, my Long family will definitely go to a glorious ……”
Long Jingguo stroked the seat of the alliance lord and laughed out loud.
“From today onwards, you will be subservient to our Dragon Family, if you dare to have second thoughts, you know the back ……”
Long Xiao said with a grim face!
These people lowered their heads, no one spoke!
When Long Xiao saw this, his face was cold: “Are you all deaf?”
The aura on his body instantly surged, and everyone felt their breath stagnate, like a thousand pounds of weight was pressed on them!
“Got it ……”
Some people couldn’t bear it and began to give in.
More and more people then, all began to succumb to Long Xiao’s lustful authority.
Seeing the crowd’s reaction, Long Xiao then nodded in satisfaction, then looked at Zhu Zhishan: “Zhu Zhishan, I heard that the dungeon within the alliance, holds many high level people, I want to go and take a look, especially that girlfriend of Chen Ping, I want to use her, to lure Chen Ping out completely and kill him …… “