Brush …………
Deacon Lu didn’t even react before he found that his right arm holding the long sword had fallen to the ground, so fast that the blood didn’t even have time to flow out, only seeing a white splash at the broken arm, very opaque!
A second later, blood spurted out from the broken arm, and the intense pain caused Deacon Lu to scream in agony!
When the crowd saw this, they were all stunned, even Zhou Jie felt a little unbelievable!
Chen Ping raised the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand and pointed it straight at Deacon Lu’s eyebrow!
As long as Chen Ping stabbed hard at this moment, that Deacon Lu would definitely die violently on the spot.
Seeing this scene, the people around him instantly rose up, each one emitting killing intent and enveloping Chen Ping!
That Zhou Jie, on the other hand, was startled and hurriedly stepped forward and said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, you have to be calm, if you kill Deacon Lu at this moment, then there will be no room for cooperation following our Demon Spirit Sect, and then your girlfriend will not be saved ……”
Chen Ping heard that Zhou Jie mentioned Su Yuqi, and only then slowly put away the Dragon Chopper Sword.
That Deacon Lu glared at Chen Ping, sat would to the chair and was started to bandage!
Just then, Song Qingping came out, and by his side, he was followed by a man wearing a mask!
The mask on the man’s face was bronze in colour, with rings decorating around it, and it looked a bit comical!
Chen Ping didn’t understand why this Demon Spirit Sect’s Patriarch was wearing a mask?
Could it be that he was afraid of people looking at him?
“Mr. Chen, our Patriarch suffered a facial injury many years ago, that’s why he always wears a mask.”
Zhou Jie whispered after Chen Ping and explained.
“What’s going on here?”
Song Qingping looked at the blood on the ground and Deacon Lu’s severed arm, his face went cold as he questioned.
“Vice Patriarch, it was Deacon Lu who wanted to follow Mr. Chen in a sword competition and was accidentally injured.”
Zhou Jie stepped forward and replied.
“Nonsense, Mr. Chen is an honoured guest invited by the Patriarch, is this how you treat your guests?”
“Bunch of trash, all of you get out of here ……”
“Also use the bone catching scatter, go and get that broken arm repaired ……”
Song Qingping reprimanded in a stern voice.
Those people all dared not speak, nodded and retreated, while that Deacon Lu also picked up his own broken arm and left the hall!
“Zhou Jie, you should also go out ……”
Song Qingping waved his hand.
“Yes.” Zhou Jie nodded and left.
“Mr. Chen, please have a seat ……”
Song Qingping changed into a smiling face and made an inviting gesture.
Chen Ping sat at the first place, very close to that Demonic Spirit Sect’s Patriarch, yet Chen Ping could never feel the aura from this Demonic Spirit Sect’s Patriarch.
Could it be that the Demon Spirit Sect leader was too strong and had hidden his aura so that he could not detect it?
Chen Ping was puzzled in his heart!
“Mr. Chen, I invited you here this time because I want to follow your cooperation, you just need to give us the flesh of the Blood Demon, our Demon Spirit Sect can help you and save your girlfriend ……”
The Demon Spirit Sect Patriarch spoke, but the voice that he spoke was a bit hoarse, like a hard squeezed out voice.
“I can give you guys the flesh of the Blood Demon, but how do you expect me to believe that you can help me save my girlfriend?”
Chen Ping asked unhurriedly.
“Your girlfriend is currently imprisoned in the secret realm, and as I’m sure you already know, behind the Martial Alliance is the Demon Heart Sect, our two sects originally belonged to the same lineage, only to later part ways due to different philosophies ……”
“So the secret realm of the Devil Heart Sect I know the way to open it, only the location of the secret realm, you need to find it yourself.”
The Demon Spirit Sect Patriarch said.
Chen Ping smiled coldly after hearing this and said, “Is the only thing you can help me with, the method to open the secret realm? That doesn’t seem to be very cost effective for me, does it?”