“Don’t be impatient, opportunistic, and use various evil skills and techniques to improve your strength in a short period of time. This will eventually harm yourself!”
Ouyang Zhenhua educated the people he brought with him!
However, his analysis was indeed right, the strength that Mu Nai Yi possessed at the moment was not permanent, and would slowly disappear before long!
“Go to hell ……”
Mu Naiyi hissed, his body instantly flickering away!
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed as his pupils shrunk violently, “What a fast speed, Mahayana realm strength is really powerful!”
Chen Ping was still fine against the peak of the Transition Realm right now, but if he were to directly fight against the Mahayana Realm, he would be more than capable of doing so!
One had to know that the strength of a large realm increased exponentially!
Especially a chasm like the Transition Realm to the Mahayana Realm!
You know, the higher the realm, the more difficult it is to break through, some people spend their entire lives, can only be trapped in the Ferrying Realm, there is no way to break through to the Mahayana Realm.
After the breakthrough of the tribulation realm, will become a half-immortal body, from the real immortal is not far away, often to the Mahayana realm, no matter whether it is the state of mind or thinking, are also undergoing changes!
Cultivators after the Mahayana realm will be more concerned about cultivation, after all, they are just one step away from being an immortal.
That temptation and desire of an Immortal would be even more violent!
This was also why the Celestial Realm rarely saw cultivators of the Mahayana Realm roaming around, and most of them were in closed-door cultivation!
Without anything special, a Mahayana realm cultivator wouldn’t be running around!
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master was an exception, after all, she was tasked with rebuilding the Broad Cold Palace, and there were simply no conditions that allowed her to cultivate in seclusion!
Chen Ping’s figure retreated violently, not daring to follow that Mu Naiyi hard!
If the opponent had already reached the strength of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping still had the self-awareness!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not dare to make a move and kept retreating, Mu Naiyi then coldly said, “I’ll see where else you can escape to!”
With a loud bang!
Around Mu Naiyi’s body, countless channels of white cold air instantly rushed out, heading directly towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s color was grave as he swung out a channel of Supreme Fire, forming a glimpse of a wall of fire in front of him!
The best way to deal with this cold qi was flame!
The white cold qi continuously impacted the wall of fire, emitting a roaring sound!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as his body continuously retreated backwards!
Seeing this, Mu Naiyi shouted, and the cold mist within his body gushed out once again!
Only, this time, the cold mist that spewed out from Mu Nai Yi’s body was surprisingly colorful and not simply white!
When the crowd saw this scene, they were all shocked!
Not understanding how this extremely cold mist had other colors!
Especially Bing Lu and the others, they had never seen a colorful cold mist either!
These cold mists condensed into a long sword of five colors in Mu Naiyi’s hands, and with that, they rushed towards Chen Ping!
Rumble …………
After a loud bang, the wall of fire that Chen Ping had fought to raise, unexpectedly collapsed in an instant under this cold mist!
Chen Ping’s body was also directly sent flying, heavily smashing down towards the ground!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he could feel the strength of Mu Nai Yi’s aura at this moment!
“Don’t get tough with him, this fellow is using external forces to forcefully raise his strength, it shouldn’t take long, use your advantage and try to stall for time.”
At this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Lord said in Chen Ping’s mind!
He was also afraid that Chen Ping would hang, in that case, he himself would be finished!
Right now, the two were grasshoppers on a rope, no one could run away!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping’s figure instantly launched his Royal Fire Steps the moment he landed, and his body directly disappeared, then appeared hundreds of meters away!
Seeing this, Mu Naiyi once again manipulated that colorful cold mist and charged straight towards Chen Ping!