After Tan Rongkun left, the crowd all let out a long sigh of relief!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, followed Pavilion Master Qian as he arched his hand to say goodbye and also turned to leave!
Seeing this, Shen Ji Zi hurriedly chased after him and followed behind Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was the God of Wealth to him!
Chen Ping looked at Shen Ji Zi’s appearance that was wearing big trousers, and was helpless as he pulled out a Purple Gold Spirit Coin and said, “Go and buy some clothes, and keep the rest for yourself to spend ……”
“Thanks a lot Mr Chen, don’t worry, I’ll definitely be able to pay you back this money because I know that you’ll definitely be able to win, and I’ll be rich by then.”
“You follow that Mu Qing’s bet ratio is ten to one, as long as you win, our bet will be doubled tenfold ……”
Shen Ji Zi had an excited look on his face, he was determined that Chen Ping would be able to win!
“Then if I can’t win, won’t you lose everything?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Shen Ji Zi playfully!
“Impossible, even if Mr Chen really misses and loses, with your character, it would never be possible to watch me be penniless, you will definitely return the bets I pressed to me!”
Shen Ji Zi said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was a bit speechless, so this guy had already calculated that if he won, he would earn a lot of money.
If he lost, then with his own character, he would never see him not even have clothes to wear, he would definitely give him money, after all, Chen Ping did not lack money!
This calculation of Shen Ji Zi, it was really shrewd!
“Alright, you go and buy clothes, if I really lose, all the money I have on me will be given to you, by the time I lose my life, there is still immediate use in asking for money!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
When Shen Ji Zi heard this, he hurriedly said awkwardly, “Mr Chen can’t possibly lose, he definitely won’t lose ……”
After saying that, Shen Ji Zi hurriedly went to buy clothes, this was not very elegant after all!
Right after Shen Ji Zi left, someone suddenly called out to Chen Ping.
“Mr Chen ……”
Two beautiful figures came towards Chen Ping!
“Palace Master ……”
Chen Ping looked over and realised that it was actually the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace who had brought Lan Yingying with her!
“Mr Chen, I guessed that you should be coming to South End City soon, so I went down the mountain to try my luck, and I didn’t expect to actually meet you.”
“It’s only been less than a month, and you’ve actually risen to the seventh rank of the Transitional Abomination realm, that’s really something!”
“With a cultivation speed like yours, I’m afraid that it won’t take long for you to ascend to Immortality!”
The Broad Cold Palace Lord said!
“Palace Master is joking, how can becoming an Immortal be that easy ……” Chen Ping laughed and said!
“Palace Master, let’s just find a place to talk, in this street where people come and go, it’s not the place to chat!”
Lan Yingying said!
“Right, let’s find a place to chat!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace nodded and led Chen Ping to find a place for them to stay!
Chen Ping would not be leaving South End City before the competition, so the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace would not be returning to the Guanghan Palace either, and it was necessary to find a place to stay!
Just as Chen Ping was settling down in South End City, hundreds of thousands of miles away in the Northern Domain, in the headquarters of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Zuo Tian was sitting on his seat, his face blue to the core!
Elder Chu, on the other hand, was covered in wounds, his eyes fluttering as he said, “Alliance Master, that Xiao Huangzhao blatantly made a move against us, and openly supported that Chen Ping, it’s simply too much.”
“I think we should think of a way to hammer the Xiao Imperial Dynasty so that they stop meddling in Chen Ping’s affairs.”
“Knocking? How to knock?”Zuo Tianzheng said with a cold face and rounded eyes, “Or else you can bring someone to Xiao Imperial Dynasty to knock and knock?”
“I …… I don’t have that strength!”Elder Chu hurriedly shook his head in fear!
A general of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had wiped out the Feng Family, and if it wasn’t for Elder Chu’s resourcefulness and running away in advance, he would have long since gone up in smoke by now!
Where would he have that ability to bring people to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to cause trouble!