Patriarch Zhou also frowned slightly, very confused, “I’m not sure either, what is this guy trying to do ah? Could it be that he is doing this on purpose to make us move against him?”
“Patriarch, what is that Chen Ping doing deliberately to lure us into making a move? Surely he can’t be our opponent?”
Heavenly Fury also asked in disbelief!
“That goes without saying, there must be someone from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty hidden behind this fellow, and once we make our move, then someone from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty will make their move against us as well.”
Tian Luo explained!
“It’s possible, let’s not move him for now, follow him!”
Patriarch Zhou didn’t know what medicine Chen Ping was selling inside his gourd, so he didn’t dare to act rashly, he could only carefully follow Chen Ping to see what he was going to do!
Just as Patriarch Zhou and the others were about to follow Chen Ping, there was a sudden tremor in the void, followed by two old men appearing beside Patriarch Zhou and the others!
Seeing the visitors, Patriarch Zhou had a few moments of displeasure on his face, but did not show it!
“Old Zhou, the Alliance Master was afraid that you wouldn’t be able to handle it, so he sent the two of us over.”
An old man wearing a black robe with very long eyebrows said!
“Old Cao, it’s just a guy at the seventh rank of the Transitional Abruptions realm, how come I can’t handle it?”
Patriarch Zhou said with some dissatisfaction!
“Old Zhou, if you were able to deal with it, you wouldn’t have watched that Chen Ping escape and you only dared to follow behind.”
“A fourth ranked cultivator of the Mahayana realm, yet he is cowering at a fellow of the seventh rank of the Transitional Succession realm, it seems that the Alliance Master was right to send us here.”
Another old man said with a mocking face!
“Old Sun, don’t talk about sarcasm, capture that Chen Ping if you can.”
Patriarch Zhou snorted coldly!
All of them were at the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm, and all of them were also working in the Demon Sealing Alliance, so it was only natural for them to look at each other a little bit unfavourably or to compete with each other!
The Celestial Realm is also very voluminous ……
“Good, then I will capture that Chen Ping for you to see ……”
Old Sun’s figure stepped forward, followed by a grasp of his palm, and a ripple unexpectedly appeared in the void in front of him!
Chen Ping, who was originally on his way out, felt the danger behind him at this moment and was instantly on guard!
With the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand, a sword light broke through that rippling void.
Old Sun snorted coldly and flipped his right hand, “Roll back ……”
Boom!
In an instant, a palm that was like a mountain grabbed towards Chen Ping, followed by a five-finger grip, and Chen Ping was personally grabbed by this huge palm!
Boom!
Chen Ping fiercely chopped out his sword, the sword light instantly chopped on top of that palm, erupting with a deafening loud bang, directly shattering that palm!
Chen Ping himself instantly retreated several miles away, at this moment, blood was slowly spilling out from the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth, and the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand was trembling slightly!
The fourth grade cultivator of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping suddenly resisted it, and it was indeed a bit of a struggle!
Looking at that old Sun, Chen Ping’s eyes gained a touch of heaviness.
Because he had detected that the other party’s strength of the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, and there was more than one person, in this situation, Chen Ping was afraid that he would not be able to defeat the other party at all!
But just as Chen Ping was about to look for an opportunity to escape, he realised that his retreat had been blocked!
There were unexpectedly people on all sides, this time Chen Ping’s brows furrowed and he had to make another plan!
“Since I can’t escape, then I will do …… it.”
Chen Ping clenched his teeth, his eyes erupted with a thick battle intent, along with the battle intent rising within Chen Ping’s body, the invincible sword intent within his body unexpectedly also began to surge, and the Zhan Long Sword in his hand even emitted a burst of humming sound resounding through the sky!
Old Sun looked at Chen Ping and said with some surprise, “Surely different from the average seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, just the fact that you just chopped my giant palm with that sword shows that your strength has completely reached the Mahayana Realm.”
“Cut the fucking crap, let’s see how I’m going to clean you up today!”
Chen Ping didn’t wimp out against Old Sun, who was at the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, but wiped a handful of blood and headed towards Old Sun!