“Miss Zhou, I can agree to all of your Demon Spirit Sect’s demands, as long as you don’t make my girlfriend disappear now, I can give you whatever you want ……”
Chen Ping stepped forward and pleaded with Zhou Jie!
But Zhou Jie shook her head, “No one can stop it, because she herself does not belong to this world, as I said, she is just a reflection, if you stop your girlfriend’s disappearance now, what about her original body?”
“When her essence is returning, do you want to have two identical girlfriends? Is that possible?”
Zhou Jie explained after Chen Ping, trying to get Chen Ping not to waste his efforts, this is just a reflection, it’s not worth it to Chen Ping!
“No, I can’t let her leave in ……”
Seeing that there was nothing Zhou Jie could do, Chen Ping could only turn around and hold Su Yuqi in a deadly embrace.
He tried to use this method to stop Su Yuqi from disappearing, but it was still useless!
“Chen Ping, don’t be like that, it’s not like I’m really dead and gone forever, if the me now is just a reflection, then you should let go, you should pull yourself together and go and get the real me out, shouldn’t you?”
Su Yuqi gently touched Chen Ping’s cheek to comfort him.
Chen Ping held onto Su Yuqi’s hand for dear life, “I promise, I promise I will get you out, even if it means going to heaven and earth, I will.”
Su Yuqi smiled faintly towards Chen Ping, and slowly her whole body disappeared.
Not even a trace of breath was left behind, as if it had never existed!
Chen Ping stood in a daze, looking at the emptiness in front of him, but he didn’t move a muscle!
When the crowd saw this, they all left, no one bothering him.
In this way, Chen Ping stood in one place for three days and three nights ……
After three days, Chen Ping’s eyes radiated light again!
He knew that Su Yuqi was right, he had to pull himself together, because Su Yuqi was still waiting for him to be saved!
Chen Ping found Zhou Jie: “I will go with you to the Demon Spirit Sect, but you must promise me that you will help save my girlfriend ……”
“You can rest a*sured of this, we know exactly where your girlfriend is currently locked up.”
Zhou Jie said with a faint smile.
Looking at Zhou Jie that way, Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly: “Who the hell are you people? Why do you know everything about the Martial Alliance? Your Demon Spirit Sect is not the master behind the Martial Dao Alliance, is it?”
Chen Ping always felt that this Zhou Jie seemed to know a lot about the forces behind the Martial Dao Alliance, and even knew where his girlfriend was being held.
Zhou Jie smiled, “If we were the masters behind the Martial Arts Alliance, would we still need to go to such great lengths to work with you? I know you’re suspicious, but because my powers are limited, there’s not much I can tell you.”
“But there is one thing I can tell you, the manipulator behind the Martial Dao Alliance is also a very powerful clan, and it’s also a demon clan.”
“So we know all these techniques of the Martial Dao Alliance very well, and even the spell formation that created such a realistic reflection of your girlfriend, our Demon Spirit Sect also does.”
“Because we originally belong to the same lineage, when I say this, can you understand what I mean? As for something deeper, I don’t know anymore, you need to go to the Demon Spirit Sect and follow our patriarch to talk in person.”
“One lineage?” This time, Chen Ping was a little confused, “Since it’s one lineage, then why are you guys working with me and helping me, isn’t that the same as hand-to-hand combat?”
“Hahahaha, you are so naive, where is there any hand and foot now, it’s all just for their own interests.”
Zhou Jie laughed hahahaha.
After hearing this, Chen Ping was also dumbfounded, in today’s society, even close brothers and fathers and sons would kill each other for the sake of interests, not to mention what a lineage would be.