But no matter how much Du Ziteng begged for mercy, his cultivation and spiritual energy all disappeared in an instant and entered the body of Tiger Li Daxian!
Du Ziteng sat on the ground, his cultivation was gone, he had become an ordinary person!
“Ah …………”
Du Ziteng hissed, he couldn’t accept such a punishment, such a punishment, it would be better to kill him!
Du Ziteng went mad, then slammed his head into a boulder on the side!
Without his cultivation, he no longer had the courage to be living.
Boom …………
Du Ziteng slammed his head into the boulder, followed by his brain bursting out and died with his eyes wide open!
Dying in peace ……
“Dad …………”
Du Nan rushed over and cried out in pain as he hugged his father’s corpse.
He turned his head to look at Tiger Li Immortal, the respect in his eyes was long gone, there was only anger ……
“No need to look at this Immortal, everyone on Penglai Island is nothing more than a spiritual vessel that I raise, I can deprive you of everything at any time ……”
“Without me, where would your Du family have enjoyed this, you should be happy that you gave yourselves up for me!”
“Your father is dead, now it’s your turn ……”
Tiger Li Daxian raised his hand, and a light also enveloped towards Du Nan.
Just then, Chen Ping’s figure flickered and blocked in front of Du Nan, casually waving his palm out, forcing Tiger Li Daxian straight back!
“You, a tiger spirit, dare to call yourself a god and deprive humans of everything, you think too highly of yourself ……”
Chen Ping’s face was icy cold, then he slammed his fist towards Tiger Li Daxian!
This fist, the wind of the fist whistled and rose, much more ferocious than just now.
When Tiger Li Daxian saw this, he did not directly confront it, but his body rapidly retreated, waving a succession of spiritual power, trying to make Chen Ping’s punch less powerful!
But to no avail, without the scepter, that Tiger Li Daxian was no match for Chen Ping even if he had absorbed Du Ziteng’s spiritual energy!
Boom …………
Chen Ping smashed his fist into the chest of that Tiger Power Great Immortal, instantly sending that Tiger Power Great Immortal flying out.
Chen Ping’s body leapt up, followed by another swing of his fist!
In mid-air, Chen Ping threw a dozen punches in a row, while his punches were so fierce that he could not fight back!
“Roar …………”
Finally, that Tiger Li Daxian actually let out a tiger’s roar, and the entire forbidden land began to crumble!
Soon, Chen Ping found a burst of fluctuations in the void, and the next thing he knew, they had entered a valley!
And in this valley, a stone statue over ten metres high towered over them!
This stone statue followed the one inside the temple, and it was the exact same!
Chen Ping found that there was always a faint spiritual energy floating around the entire valley, which then entered the stone statue’s body.
Chen Ping’s divine sense instantly enveloped towards the stone statue, and within the stone statue’s body, there were surprisingly fluctuations of spiritual energy.
“Could this be the true master behind the scenes of Penglai Island?”
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed slightly!
At that moment, the stone statue flashed with a golden light and instantly cut off Chen Ping’s divine sense!
Chen Ping’s body took a few steps backwards as if he had been hit hard!
At this moment, Tiger Li Daxian, covered in tainted blood, finally knelt down in front of the stone statue.
“Master, please give me strength ……”
Tiger Li Daxian knelt before the stone statue in reverence!
Soon, Chen Ping saw that the stone statue began to flicker with light, and then immediately above his head, a pillar of light plunged straight into the clouds and finally spread out in the sky, enveloping the entire Penglai Island.
The dense spiritual energy on Penglai Island instantly disappeared without a trace, and light spots began to float up from the entire Penglai Islanders!
These were all the spiritual energy within everyone’s body, and now it was all being absorbed!