Upon hearing this, Zhao Barging immediately nodded happily and hurriedly ran over, “I’ll take Brother Chen to win, 100 million ……”
Zhao Barging shouted, attracting many sideways glances, and some even sneered at Zhao Barging for being a bogeyman!
“I’ll bet on Mr. Chen to win, ten billion ……”
Just then, another young man stepped forward and placed a bet of ten billion!
This man was none other than Bai Zhan Tang of the Bai family, now the Bai family was already following Chen Ping, so of course the Bai family was there for this match!
Not only the Bai family, but the Pill God Valley had also sent someone, because Elder Xu and the others had to treat Gu Ling’er, so this time it was Yu Dong who led the team.
Seeing that the Pill God Valley had all come, many people were talking about it.
“How come the Pill God Valley has come too? You know that people from the Pill God Valley don’t like to get together!”
“Who says otherwise, but this time the Pill God Valley seems to have come with some juniors, not even an elder!”
“Could it be that the officials invited the Pill God Valley to come? After all, that Chen Ping is now also a member of the Dharma Guardian Pavilion, so when he gets injured, there will still be people from the Pill God Valley to help heal him!”
Just as the crowd was whispering, Yu Dong walked up to the betting table and said in a loud voice, “I, Pill God Valley, bet on Mr. Chen to win, 50 billion ……”
Wow ……
Yu Dong’s words caused an instant uproar in the scene.
The Pill God Valley’s martial strength is not strong, but it is one of the best in the medical field, and many clans and families will buy their pills from the Pill God Valley, so the economic strength of the Pill God Valley must be particularly strong, there is no excuse for this!
But when Yu Dong said that he would buy Chen Ping’s victory and bet 50 billion dollars, many people began to speculate what kind of relationship the Pill God Valley had with Chen Ping.
Not many people knew about the fact that Chen Ping was now the head of the Pill God Valley, even the Dragon Family and the Martial Alliance didn’t know about it!
“What’s up with this Pill God Valley? Doesn’t it know about that Chen Ping’s provocation of my Martial Dao Alliance?”
Zhu Zhishan sat on the high platform and saw that Pill God Valley had actually bet on Chen Ping to win, and even placed a bet of fifty billion, his face was grim as he said.
“I’m not sure, but recently Pill God Valley seems to have broken off cooperation with all the sects and families within our Martial Dao Alliance, but that Bai family who followed Chen Ping around and also the Shadowless Villa have received a lot of Pill God Valley’s pills ……”
Guo Wei said from the side.
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes faintly stared, “This Chen Ping, he must die today, or else the Kyoto martial arts world will really change ……”
Zhu Zhishan sensed a hint of danger!
“Don’t worry Lord, that Chen Ping is in no way a match for Long Xiao, but I found that Long Jingguo doesn’t seem to want Chen Ping to die, and I don’t know what the reason is ……”
Guo Wei said in confusion.
“No matter what the reason is, you go and inform Long Jingguo that Chen Ping must die today ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes flashed with killing intent, “Have all four elders arrived? Don’t make a mess when the time comes!”
“Don’t worry Lord, the Four Elders are already in place and hundreds of additional Martial Sects have been sent around, if any sect or family dares to make trouble, there will definitely be no good consequences!”
Guo Wei finished, then said with some difficulty, “Lord, we are not afraid of those sects causing trouble, what we are afraid of is the official intervention, if Mr. Shi comes to protect that Chen Ping, we will not be able to do anything!”
“Mr. Shi has other things to do, he won’t come, the matter of the a*sa*sins sent by the Watanabe family from the island, Mr. Shi has personally gone to deal with it, he won’t come here.”
Zhu Zhishan said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised.
“That would be best, it seems that Chen Ping will definitely die today!” Guo Wei nodded his head.
…………
More and more people gathered at the gambling tables at the entrance of the venue, the fifty billion that Pill God Valley had bet stimulated everyone’s nerves!
But most people still bet on Long Xiao to win, after all, Long Xiao’s strength was obvious to everyone!