He couldn’t make a trip for nothing, this purple gold gourd would be considered as compensation from the Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
Seeing that Chen Ping had taken the purple gold gourd, no matter if it was Yan Lao or Shi Yan, no one dared to say anything!
As Chen Ping walked back, seeing this, Hu Pazi hurriedly asked, “How was it, did you find the Heavenly Mystery Order?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “It seems that we really have to count on this fellow to take us into the secret realm, fortunately you stopped me just now and didn’t kill this fellow Ning Zhi.”
“So what do we do now?” Hu Ma Zi asked.
“Let’s go back first, if we want to get the Heavenly Mystery Order, we need the Hundred Refinement Pavilion Master to come out of the gate.”
“Let’s let this Ning Zhi lead us to open the entrance to the secret realm first, if it doesn’t work again, we’ll just make another trip to the Hundred Refinements Pavilion!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he stepped forward and directly picked up that Ning Zhi!
At this moment, Ning Zhi was like a dead dog, just like that, being carried away by Chen Ping!
Although they had not obtained the Heavenly Mystery Order, they had caught Ning Zhi, so it was not a waste of time.
However, this purple gold gourd was not of much use to Chen Ping, who was no longer able to use this purple gold gourd with his current strength.
“Grandmaster Hu, seeing as you had quite a hard time going to the Hundred Refinements Pavilion with me, let me give you a gift ……”
Chen Ping said.
Pocky Hu was slightly stunned, then looked at Chen Ping warily, “What do you kid want? Why do you suddenly want to give me a gift? I can tell you, Laozi only likes women ……”
Chen Ping was stunned, then he laughed and cursed, “What the f*ck are you thinking, I took out a magic weapon at the Hundred Refinement Pavilion that is of no use to me, so I’m giving it to you.”
“What? You stole a magic weapon from the Hundred Refinements Pavilion? You destroyed someone’s house, and you still stole a magic weapon from them ah ……”
Hu Ma Zi was full of surprise.
“What do you mean by stealing? Don’t speak so harshly, I didn’t steal it, I robbed it ……”
Chen Ping laughed heatedly!
“Hahahaha …………”
Hu Ma Zi followed suit and laughed out loud!
When Chen Ping took out the purple gold gourd, Hu Pazzi’s laughter stopped instantly and he looked at the gourd with a shocked expression.
“This …… is a purple gold gourd, a top grade magic weapon ……”
Hu Puzi exclaimed in shock.
“Nonsense, if it were a lower grade magic weapon, I wouldn’t be able to look at it, just ask if you want it, right?”
Chen Ping said with a dejected look on his face.
“Yes, of course I want it ……” Hu Puzi grabbed the purple gold gourd as soon as he could, and then hugged Chen Ping and was about to give him a kiss.
Chen Ping pushed Hu Pazi away and said, “I can tell you, I only like women ……”
Hu Pazi smiled: “Chen Ping, thank you so much, this thing is more important than women ……”
“What is more important than a woman?” At some point, Zhou Jie unexpectedly came.
Seeing Zhou Jie, Hu Puzi instantly said, “What things, not as important as you ah, these two days I can miss you to death ……”
With that, Hu Pazzi actually hugged Zhou Jie and left!
Chen Ping was speechless …………
When he came to the room where Ning Zhi was being held, Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi, whose breath was depleted and who was curled up, and smiled coldly!
“Chen Ping, kill me, it’s useless for you to keep me, I can’t open the entrance to the secret realm either.”
“I’m just a pawn of the Demon Heart Sect, they won’t tell me the spell to open the entrance to the secret realm!”
Ning Zhi said to Chen Ping.
Right now, Ning Zhi was all but begging for death, for living in such fear was the greatest pain of all!
“You don’t need to be in a hurry to beg for death, even if you can’t open the entrance to the secret realm, I’ll still keep you because I want to see if the Demon Heart Sect values you or not!”
“Since your special physique has been developed, I believe that the Demon Heart Sect is by no means treating you as an ordinary pawn, otherwise your strength would not have grown so quickly!”
Chen Ping lit a cigarette and said slowly.