Elder Pei didn’t say anything, but his face was full of embarrassment, it looked like he had known about the situation inside the courtyard for a long time, but he hadn’t bothered!
Chen Ping pushed that Elder Pei away and walked quickly towards that courtyard.
“Mr. Chen, Mr. Chen …………”
Elder Pei chased after him, not daring to forcibly stop Chen Ping, after all, the Demon Emperor was so polite to Chen Ping, Elder Pei directly Chen Ping’s identity was definitely not simple!
When Chen Ping pushed open the courtyard door, the scene in front of him stunned him, only to see a very marked-looking, fair-skinned girl, is lying on the ground, a wound on his body shocking!
At that moment, the girl was naked, and her breath was as if she was swimming, and next to her was a fierce old man with a whip in his hand and excitement in his eyes!
This old man was also wearing only a pair of trousers, his dark skin was exposed!
Chen Ping was in a state of rage at this moment, he could tell at a glance that the old man with no clothes in front of him should be the VIP that Elder Pei was talking about!
This guy was not young, but he was a pervert, spoiling a girl into this state!
When the old man saw someone suddenly pushing the door and barging in, he couldn’t help but stare, then he roared with anger “What the hell are you doing, get out, don’t disturb my pleasure ……”
The old man said, the leather whip in his hand, a whip towards Chen Ping!
The two men were instantly at odds with each other!
Seeing this, the old man’s brow furrowed tightly, and then a majestic force went towards Chen Ping through the whip!
“Sovereign Hu, please calm your anger …………”
At this moment, Elder Pei rushed in after him and hurriedly stepped forward to stop the old man!
And then he also said to Chen Ping “Mr. Chen, let go, misunderstanding, it’s all a misunderstanding ……”
Chen Ping let go of his hand, he knew that even if he didn’t let go, he wouldn’t be able to catch it once the other party launched his force.
“Elder Pei, what is going on here? Who is this guy?”
Patriarch Hu questioned Elder Pei with a face full of displeasure.
“Patriarch Hu, calm your anger, calm your anger, this Mr. Chen is also a valued guest of our Demon Emperor!”
Elder Pei hurriedly followed Patriarch Hu and apologised!
“I don’t care what he is, tell him to get lost right now and don’t disturb my pleasure!”
Patriarch Hu put his whip away and said viciously!
“Fine, fine …………”
Elder Pei nodded his head repeatedly!
But just as Elder Pei was about to tell Chen Ping to leave, he saw Chen Ping take off his jacket and put it directly over the girl’s body, before picking her up and heading out the door!
“Leave me the person, I haven’t had enough ……”
Patriarch Hu was furious when he saw that Chen Ping was actually going to take the girl away!
Elder Pei hurriedly stepped forward to stop Chen Ping “Mr. Chen, you’d better leave the girl behind ……”
Chen Ping looked at Elder Pei and said with a grim look on his face “Elder Pei, is this girl not from your Imperial City? She was beaten up like this, and you guys just watched and didn’t care?”
“Mr. Chen, Patriarch Hu is an honoured guest, we must meet his request.”
Elder Pei said helplessly!
“That’s all you can do for an honoured guest? Go and call your Demon Emperor to me, I’d like to see what kind of honoured guest this is!”
Chen Ping was already furious by now!
Seeing this, Elder Pei also knew that he could not handle this situation, and immediately ordered someone to go and find the Ikh Demon Emperor!
Soon, both the Ikh Demon Emperor and Princess Isha arrived in a hurry!
Seeing Chen Ping and Patriarch Hu at war, the Ikh Demon Emperor instantly felt his head spin, so he went up to Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, what’s going on?”
“Look for yourself, this girl is also one of your people, right? What has she been beaten into now? Is this how you serve as a demon emperor? If you can’t protect your own people, what’s the use of having you as a demon emperor!”
Chen Ping’s tone was very stern, like he was lecturing a child, reprimanding Demon Emperor Yih!