Zhao Wuji didn’t say anything downwards, but Chang Yuanjun nodded, he understood who Zhao Wuji was talking about.
“This is great, Mr. Shi is attending the celebration, then our Dharma Protection Pavilion will be overflowing with glory ……”
Zhao Wuji was full of excitement.
Chen Ping listened on the sidelines, not understanding at all what the two were talking about, and who that Mr. Shi was.
But it must be a big shot, after all, a big official like Chang Yuanjun is addressed so respectfully, so this one surnamed Shi must be extraordinary.
He did not stay too long at Chang Yuanjun’s residence, Chen Ping followed Zhao Wuji and left, after all, there were still many things to set up within the Protector Pavilion for today’s celebration feast.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, who is that Mr Shi that you guys were talking about just now?”
Chen Ping asked curiously to Zhao Wuji as he was in the car.
Zhao Wuji drove the car and looked around before whispering, “Mr. Chen, do you remember that I once told you that there was a very secret department in Kyoto?”
“I remember, you said at the time that this secret department seemed to be the official constraint on the martial arts world.”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said.
“That’s right, this Mr. Shi, is the external person of this secret department, but I don’t know exactly what position he holds in this secret department, but if Mr. Shi can say something for you, then no one in the entire Kyoto martial arts world, I’m afraid, will dare to touch you!”
Zhao Wuji’s words touched Chen Ping’s heart, although his strength was growing rapidly now, and he could be considered the best in the younger generation, but really compared to the entire martial arts world, he was just a drop in the ocean.
What is this mysterious department? And how strong the people inside were, Chen Ping was curious.
However, he knew that as long as he was strong enough, the level of exposure would only get higher and higher.
Back at the Protector’s Pavilion, Zhao Wuji carefully set up the scene for the celebration, and after knowing that this Mr. Shi was also coming, Zhao Wuji became even more attentive.
As noon approached, cars began to arrive one after another, all relatively ordinary cars, no luxury cars, but the people who got out of the cars were all of distinguished status.
Even Zhao Wuji himself did not know who would be there, and the list of invitees was arranged from above.
Soon, Chen Ping saw a familiar figure appear.
This person was no other than Xuan Yuan Kai, who had had his arm chopped off all the way. After getting out of the car, Xuan Yuan Kai opened the door at the back and invited Xuan Yuan Rong and Xuan Yuan Yan down.
Seeing that it was someone from the Xuan Yuan family who had arrived, Zhao Wuji and Chen Ping were both slightly stunned.
“Chen Ping, goodbye ah …………”
Although Xuan Yuan Kai only had one arm left, the overbearing aura of his body had not changed at all.
He did not expect this guy to have broken through to the Martial Sect realm. It had only been a month or so since he returned from Dragon Lock Island, but Xuanyuan Kai had broken through from the peak of Grand Master to Martial Sect, which was considered a genius.
“You really have some ability to kill Watanabe Ichiro, but even if you are more capable, I will still seek revenge on you for this broken arm.”
Xuanyuan Kai put his face in front of Chen Ping, his eyes full of provocation as he said.
Chen Ping looked at Xuanyuan Kai with an indifferent expression.
“Sir Xuan Yuan, if you are here for the celebration, then please come in, if you are here to cause trouble, I am afraid you have picked the wrong day today.”
Zhao Wuji was afraid that Chen Ping would follow Xuan Yuan Kai and start a conflict, so he hurriedly stepped between the two men and said to Xuan Yuan Kai.
“Zhao Wuji, of course we are here for the celebration, you want to kick us out, I’m afraid you don’t have that qualification yet!”
Xuan Yuan Rong said as he looked at Zhao Wuji with a cold smile on his face.