“Kid, what did you just do?”
Old Sun asked at Chen Ping in a very puzzled manner!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, grinned and said with great disdain, “Nothing, it’s just that your speed is just too slow, so slow that I’m falling asleep.”
“You …………”
Old Sun became furious and charged towards Chen Ping once again!
This time, Old Sun’s body unexpectedly broke through the void directly, as if he had arrived in front of Chen Ping in a flash!
However, just as Old Sun was about to slam his fist into Chen Ping, a strange force suddenly swept over him once again, wrapping around his body and causing his movements to slow down!
He watched as Chen Ping, with a sneer on his face, dodged more from in front of him!
“F*ck, I don’t believe it ……”
Old Sun was going to be pissed off!
Without the slightest stop, he turned around and rushed with another punch, a figure appeared, this old Sun unexpectedly transformed into countless figures and surrounded Chen Ping!
No matter where Chen Ping hid, he seemed to be enveloped by this old Sun’s fists!
Seeing this, Chen Ping wiped a handful of blood from the corner of his mouth, and the strange power within his body erupted once again, and then instead of retreating, he advanced, and even followed that old Sun to rub his shoulders once again!
In the midst of countless figures, Chen Ping found a break and easily dodged it!
Although he had dodged Old Sun’s attack, Chen Ping’s face also turned pale!
Just now, Chen Ping had performed the Time Origin, which was capable of controlling time within a certain range, only that performing the Time Origin was too exhausting, Chen Ping was unable to perform it one after another!
“Old Sun, this kid is in control of Time Origin, you have to be careful ……”
At this time, Old Cao shouted out and reminded Old Sun!
“Time Origin?”
Old Sun showed surprise and looked at Chen Ping incredulously, “How can you …… how can you, a minor cultivator of the seventh grade of the Transition Realm, be in control of the Time Origin? It’s simply too unbelievable!”
Old Sun couldn’t believe that a Transition Realm minor cultivator was able to control the Time Origin!
One must know that a Mahayana realm cultivator might not be able to control the Time Origin, and Chen Ping was only a Transition realm cultivator!
Just now, Chen Ping and also cast the power of Time Origin three times in a row, it was simply unbelievable!
“There are many incredible things, I still have many means that I did not use, otherwise you would have been a corpse long ago.”
Chen Ping said in a pretence of relaxation!
In fact, Chen Ping was just scaring that old Sun, now that he had no way of being able to cast the power of the time origin.
It would be best if he could scare this guy away!
Even if he couldn’t scare him away, he could still make this old grandson fearful, so that Chen Ping could have a psychological advantage during the battle!
“Hmph, who are you scaring, even if you have a Time Origin, if I kill you, it will be a handful!”
Old Sun simply did not fall for it and once again disappeared into streams of light!
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not dare to be under any illusions, the Dragon Chopping Sword was once again sacrificed, accompanied by the flickering of the Dragon Crystal in front of his chest, a golden light erupted behind Chen Ping, and then a golden dragon slowly appeared!
Chen Ping chopped out with his sword, and around the sword, the golden dragon surrounded it, emitting a burst of dragon’s roar!
Even the cenobitic green dragon crystal on Chen Ping’s body unexpectedly emitted a blood-coloured light, and a green dragon silhouette hovered above Chen Ping’s head!
Seeing this scene, that Patriarch Zhou and the others were directly dumbfounded!
“What is the situation, how is it possible for this kid to erupt two dragon auras?”
“Damn, even if this kid is a dragon bloodline, it’s impossible for him to erupt two dragon auras?”
Patriarch Zhou and Old Cao were all filled with shock!
“It’s not possible that this Chen Ping was born from the mating of a golden dragon and a green dragon, right?”
Tian Luo explained in surprise!
As soon as Tian Luo’s words left his mouth, three eyes that looked at fools immediately looked towards him!
Patriarch Zhou, Old Cao and that Heavenly Fury!
The three people looked at Tian Luo as if they were looking at a bogeyman.
Feeling the three people’s eyes, Tian Luo suddenly showed embarrassment and could only lower his head!
“If you can’t use your brain, donate it, how can you say such ignorant words?”
Patriarch Zhou reprimanded at Tian Luo!