In a very weird formation, there were a dozen or so cultivators imprisoned, these cultivators were both male and female, and all of them were full of fear!
Because the cultivators who were locked up with them, at first there were hundreds of people, but as time went by, the number of people was getting smaller and smaller, and in the end, there were only a dozen of them left!
During this period of time, they also all knew that these demonic cultivators who captured them, could all be sucking human blood, gnawing human bones to cultivate, ferocious and incomparable!
So after seeing Tan Rongkun bring people here, each of these cultivators panicked, some constantly kneeled down and begged for mercy, begging bitterly!
There were also people who tried to escape, but there was simply no way, their strength was too low!
And Tan Rongkun looked at these cultivators in front of him without the slightest expression in his eyes, he didn’t pity these people at all!
The Celestial Realm, is a world where strength is honoured!
The weak were meant to be the targets of slaughter!
“These cultivators are too few, and their cultivation is too weak, we must capture some cultivators back before we can do so, otherwise if we affect Eldest Senior Brother’s seclusion, we would be committing a great sin!”
Tan Rongkun said with a sad face!
“Second senior brother, I’ll bring people to capture some cultivators back, if it’s not possible I’ll go to the foot of the mountain and exterminate some of the smaller clans so that we can get a large number of cultivators.”
Di Chongjing said!
“No, we must not go to the foot of the mountains to capture people as a last resort, if we do this and cause panic, making numerous sects unite against us, wouldn’t that be a repeat of years of mistakes.”
“You might as well bring someone to capture some cultivators from deep within the Heavenly Demon Mountain, this time there is a competition in South End City, and many cultivators have travelled to South End City to watch and bet on the battle.”
“Now I reckon that many cultivators are starting to return, there should be some who will enter into the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, you just bring people to intercept them halfway!”
Tan Rongkun barked at Di Chongjing!
If they were to go on a rampage to arrest people, it would definitely cause panic, and it would also cause many sects to join forces to target them!
Tan Rongkun didn’t want that to happen, which was why Tan Rongkun was going to the Mu Family to help coax a group of cultivators up the mountain!
As long as they arrived here, then these cultivators were lambs to the slaughter!
But who knew that this kind of thing would happen, then it would be impossible for the Mu Family to be sending cultivators to the Blood and Bone Sect in the future!
“I understand, I’ll bring someone to ambush them!”
Di Chongjing nodded and then left with his men!
As for Chen Ping, they were being led by Patriarch Jiang, rushing to where the Blood Bone Sect was!
“Mr Chen, I reckon that the Blood and Bone Sect isn’t far away, I can already clearly sense that Yin Fiend Qi.”
“These guys must have mutilated quite a few people and piled the skeletons all around!”
Patriarch Jiang understood Di Chongjing and these people, so he followed Chen Ping and said!
“I’ve also detected it, although this Yin Fury Qi is very faint, but it can be clearly felt.”
“The direction we are looking for should not be wrong, it’s just that the distance is still estimated to be a long way off!”
Chen Ping also detected that Yin Fiendish Qi!
But right after Chen Ping finished speaking, he suddenly frowned slightly as he detected a dozen or so auras coming towards his side!
And these auras were not weak, there were also experts of the Mahayana realm!
Chen Ping did not understand how so many cultivators could suddenly appear in the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain.
Along with Chen Ping’s Divine Sense spreading out, he soon realised that there was even that Di Chong Jing amongst them!
He had fought after Di Chong Jing, so of course he knew this fellow’s aura!
“The Blood and Bone Sect’s people are coming this way!”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, is it that fellow Di Chong Jing? I didn’t expect him to escape, and instead of hiding properly, he still dares to roam around in the Heavenly Demon Mountain!”
Patriarch Jiang was a little puzzled, this Di Chongjing had too much guts, he almost died and didn’t stop for a while!