As the words fell, Chen Ping’s body emitted a soft buzzing sound, and the Origin Power outside his body continued to flow and grew thicker!
In the middle of Chen Ping’s Origin Space, a dim star unexpectedly began to slowly take on a lustre!
The star of the Origin of Time lit up!
Boom!
A cloud suddenly floated in the sky, and that cloud emitted a colourful glow under the moonlight!
One of the largest pillars of light descended from him and wrapped Chen Ping’s body!
This sudden vision instantly attracted many disciples of Guanghan Palace to run out and watch!
The Palace Master had also just returned to his room, and immediately there was a run out!
Almost everyone, who had longitudinally reached mid-air, looked at the colourful light, and what exactly it had irradiated!
“Mr Chen, how is this light shining on Mr Chen, what is it?”
“Could it be that Mr Chen is making a breakthrough and having a thunder tribulation, but the thunder tribulation cloud isn’t like this!”
Thunderstorms are all about rolling thunder and lightning!
But in this cloud, besides the radiant light, there was nothing else, and this light was very gentle, shining on people’s body, there was a warm feeling, just like being in a mother’s embrace!
“How could this happen?Could it be that he’s really enlightened?”
“Just because of my words, has he come to his senses?”
The Palace Master’s eyes were filled with incredulity!
Her understanding of the Origin of Time was only skin-deep, although this was the case, she still told Chen Ping all that she knew!
Who would have thought that Chen Ping would have come to enlightenment!
The Palace Master did not know that Chen Ping did not become enlightened by listening to her words!
“Palace Master, what has Chen realised?”
Bing Lu asked curiously!
“Time Origin ……,” the Palace Master whispered as her eyes were filled with shock!
“Time Origin?”
Bing Lu couldn’t understand, after all, she hadn’t even comprehended the Origin of Ice, much less any Origin of Time!
“You won’t understand, it seems that Mr Chen is a true genius, a true Chosen One.”
“This polar trip, you guys have to guard Mr Chen’s side well, this time is perhaps the most beneficial time in your lives, and I’m afraid that you won’t have the chance in the future.”
“You all must know how to cherish it, if it wasn’t for the fact that I had a destiny with Mr Chen, you would have been afraid that you wouldn’t be able to see this kind of sight for the rest of your lives.”
“Take advantage of this excellent opportunity and cultivate right away, this kind of heavenly path penetrating haze can be encountered but not sought!”
After the Palace Master finished speaking, he himself took the lead in entering into a state of cultivation!
Under the irradiation of that light, the speed of cultivation was twice as fast, and the body was also very comfortable!
Seeing this, Bing Lu and the others also hurriedly began to cultivate!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body was in a state of fake death, he felt like he was dead, yet there was no fear of death!
The entire person levitated under that light, and his divine sense entered the Origin Space!
A ray of light struck the star of the Time Origin, and the dim star of the Time Origin began to light up continuously!
Along with the continuous illumination of the Time Origin, the final brightness even directly surpassed the other Origin Stars!
To know Chen Ping’s other Origin Stars, but cultivated for a long time, lightning origin, fire origin, all these Chen Ping absorbed and refined, making the Origin Stars brighter and brighter!
But this Time Origin Star, which had just lit up, had already surpassed the other stars!
The light was still shining on the star of the Time Origin!
Even the moonlight seemed to focus on Chen Ping himself!
The constantly tumbling Origin Qi was like a vast ocean, constantly surging into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping suspended in mid-air, passively accepting the baptism of this Origin Qi!
“Fortunately, your kid’s origin space is big enough, if it were someone else’s enlightenment, this would have already exploded and died, this scale of origin absorption, how many people can withstand ah!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with a few moments of envy in his eyes!