As the law enforcement captain, Xing Jun had been very busy during this period of time, especially after Chen Ping killed Guo Wei, many people had started to be discontent with their law enforcement team!
After all, Guo Wei was a council member of the Martial Arts Union, and Chen Ping had killed him in a high profile manner, and the enforcement team had done nothing.
But Mr Shi had given the word, and Xing Jun didn’t dare to disobey.
“You don’t understand, the reason why I protect that Chen Ping at every turn is to let him muddy up the entire martial arts world in Kyoto!”
“Only then will some of the big fish hiding in the depths surface!”
“This Heavenly Death Sect suddenly popping up and acting in such a high profile is the best example of this!”
Mr Shi’s eyes narrowed slightly as he said indifferently.
Both Xing Jun and Zhao Wuji could not understand what Mr. Shi meant, so no one spoke.
“Captain Xing, lead someone to track down the current location of the Heavenly Death Sect’s Hidden Green, and bring someone to bring these guys in!”
“These evil cultivators are so high-profile, this is now a provocation to our officials.”
Mr Shi ordered.
“As ordered!” Xing Jun led the order and left.
…………
Skeleton Island!
Chen Ping was immersed in his cultivation, but a person suddenly barged into the island, causing Chen Ping’s to snap out of his cultivation instantly.
However, upon seeing the person who came, Chen Ping frowned slightly.
“Jin Fusheng, what are you doing here?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Jin Fusheng.
“Mr. Chen, please save my family ……”
Jin Fusheng said, and knelt down in front of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping gently rested his palm and lifted Jin Fusheng up, before asking, “Tell me first, what is going on?”
Jin Fusheng told Chen Ping after him about the threat from Zang Qing.
Hearing about the Heavenly Fiend Sect, and this Zang Qing, Chen Ping felt very strange.
After all, Chen Ping had never been exposed to the martial arts world when the Heavenly Fiend Sect had gone into hiding.
“Mr. Chen, these evil cultivators have no humanity, now only Mr. Chen can save my family!”
Jin Fusheng now put all his hopes on Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, I won’t let anyone hurt your family, I’m going back with you now!”
Since the Jin family was in danger for their own sake, Chen Ping would not sit idly by.
Chen Ping got on the boat and followed Jin Fusheng to rush back to South China City!
Just as Chen Ping and the others were on their way back, Zang Qing was leading people who had already bloodied the Jin family!
Enough to kill dozens of people, and the girls of the Jin family from years ago had all been abused before they died!
For them, the evil cultivators, killing was a normal thing.
The entire Jin family, enveloped in blood, was like a purgatory!
Just as Zang Qing was leading his men to leave the Jin Clan, several people in uniform walked in front of them.
“From the law enforcement team?”
When Zang Qing saw the people coming, he frowned instantly.
And Xing Jun’s face turned iron blue as he looked at the corpses all over the Jin family, his eyes bursting with anger.
“Zang Qing, after letting you escape several years ago, I never thought you would still dare to show yourself and kill with impunity.”
“Today I will definitely catch you back and sentence you to capital punishment ……”
Xing Jun gritted his teeth and said one word at a time.
And the other members of the law enforcement team were all burning with rage!
“Xing Jun, I haven’t seen you for many years, but your strength has not grown ah, back then you injured me, now I am just in time to take revenge!”
Tibetan Qing said, his aura instantly surged, and then smashed his fist at Xing Jun!
When Xing Jun saw this, he frowned, and then an aura of light began to flash around his body!
The silvery aura was like a wave of light that kept spreading.
At the same time, those other members of the law enforcement team, each threw out a golden rope in their hands!
Several ropes were instantly woven into a large net in the air, enveloping towards Zang Qing.
As long as they were covered by this large net, there was no way for evil cultivators, no matter how strong they were, to escape.