Ji Yue followed Ji Meizhen, dumbfounded, staring at Qin Jingyu’s corpse at a loss for words!
They were letting Qin Jingyu come to understand the origin, now the origin is understood, but the person is dead, how to go out to explain to the Giant Savage Palace?
What’s more, they don’t even know how Qin Jingyu died!
“Brother …… what about this …… what about this?”
Ji Mei Zhen asked at a loss for words!
“How do I know.” Ji Yue was also full of confusion “How did Prince Qin suddenly explode and die?”
“Because his Origin Space was opened too small, yet he had to learn from others to constantly draw in Origin Breath to the point that his body could not withstand it, and that is why he exploded and died.”
At this time, Chen Ping opened his eyes and said!
Although the Origin Scent within this Ji Family Ancestral Ground was very dense, it was impossible for Chen Ping to continue absorbing it endlessly!
Ji Meiyan also slowly opened her eyes at this moment, and at this moment, the aura of Ji Meiyan’s body clearly had a different change!
“Big sister, have you also sensed the Origin Breath?”
Ji Meiling saw Ji Meiyan open her eyes and asked!
Ji Meiyan nodded “En, I don’t know what happened, I suddenly opened the Origin Space and sensed the Origin.”
After Ji Meiyan finished speaking, she gently waved her palm, and a golden origin breath came out of her body, and then transformed into a golden armoured war wolf!
The gold-armoured war wolf hissed, looking very intimidating!
Seeing this scene, Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen’s siblings’ faces became incredibly ugly!
In terms of Ji Meiyan’s current strength, Ji Meizhen no longer had the ability to challenge them!
“Eldest sister, congratulations are truly in order ……”
Seeing this, Ji Yun hurriedly congratulated Ji Meiyan, after all, opening the Origin Space and sensing the Origin was not that easy!
“I have also been blessed by my old ancestor to have such an opportunity, you guys don’t have to be anxious, I believe that sooner or later you will be able to open the Origin Space as well.”
Ji Meiyan said happily!
“This Ji Family Ancestral Ground is indeed a good place to perceive the Origin, when you guys open the Origin Space, if you come here to perceive the Origin, you will get twice the result with half the effort.”
“Let’s go out, these Origin Breaths are all left behind by your ancestors, if they are all absorbed, it would be a bit bad!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping’s Origin Space was the Cosmic Stars, if he really absorbed it, he could probably finish all the Origin Breaths of this Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground!
There was also that Ji Meiyan’s, a vast jungle, the Origin Breath it could hold was also very huge!
If the two of them finished absorbing all of this Origin Breath, I don’t know how many years it would take for the Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground to be able to grow its Origin Breath!
It would be difficult for the descendants of the Ji Family to perceive the Origin, Chen Ping could not be too selfish!
Originally entering the Ji Family Ancestral Ground, one’s own sense of the Gold Origin is very good, in the people’s Origin Breath absorption of the light, that would be a bit unjustifiable!
“Go ……,” Ji Meiling nodded happily!
Although Ji Yun and Ji Meiling hadn’t gained anything, the two were still happy!
Just as a few people passed by Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen, the two were still standing frozen because they didn’t know how to go out and explain themselves!
“Second brother, third sister, aren’t you going out?”
Ji Yun asked!
Neither Ji Yue nor Ji Meizhen said anything!
“Sixth brother, ignore them, let’s go ……”
Ji Meiling pulled Ji Yun forward!
Soon, they walked out of the mountain pass, and after Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen looked at each other, they could only follow them out!
Even if they didn’t go out, they would be forcibly kicked out of the Ji Family’s ancestral land when it closed!
Chen Ping and the others passed through a light door and once again appeared in that large hall!
The Great Ancestor of the Ji Family was still sitting on his knees in the middle of the main hall!