After coming out of Pocky Hu’s residence, Chen Ping had intended to go back to Dragon Gate, but had just taken two steps when he met Xing Jun!
“Captain Xing, how are your injuries?”
When Chen Ping saw that it was Xing Jun, he hurriedly asked.
“It was fine long ago, now it’s even stronger than before ……”
Xing Jun waved his fist twice and said.
“What are you doing here at this late hour?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Of course I’m here to find you, Mr. Shi knows you’re back and has specially set up a banquet and is going to invite you to dinner!”
“I can tell you, you are the first person who can get a separate invitation to dinner from Mr Shi ……”
“Mr. Shi is very happy this time, you do not know, when he heard that you sneaked off to the island to retaliate, Mr. Shi was worried badly!”
“Later on, Mr. Shi activated all the secret officers he had planted in the island for years, just to help you!”
Xing Jun whispered after Chen Ping.
“Activate secret personnel? What kind of people?”
Chen Ping froze, and then his brow furrowed slightly!
When he was on the island, it didn’t seem like he had anyone to help him either.
Just then, Chen Ping suddenly remembered one person, that was Old Fan!
Although Old Fan was Hu Ma Zi’s best friend, from the very beginning, Chen Ping felt that Old Fan had taken special care of him!
This included Old Fan’s introduction of the island to him at the beginning, as well as forcing Watanabe Fumio to hand over the Snow Lotus later on, which Old Fan had let go to Chen Ping.
It is important to know that Chen Ping followed Lao Fan only in pa*sing, and although Lao Fan said that he was repaying Chen Ping for buying the wine, no one would take something that valuable to repay him.
It was by relying on that snow lotus that Chen Ping made his breakthrough in one leap.
And then there was Chen Ping fighting after Kuroki Kawasaki, and Old Fan spied directly on Kuroki Kawasaki!
Do you know what kind of person Kuroki Kawasaki is?
Wouldn’t his confidential information be that easy to pry into?
Plus this time, when Pocky Hu invited Old Fan back to his country, Old Fan shrugged it off and didn’t come back at all!
With all these manifestations, Chen Ping suddenly felt that this Old Fan was probably the person secretly activated by Mr. Shi!
Otherwise, relying on Old Fan’s relationship with Hu Ma Zi alone, there was no need for Old Fan to help himself so much ……
“This kind of secret personnel, I don’t know who it is, if you want to know, you’d better go ask Mr. Shi yourself!”
After Xing Jun finished speaking, he turned around and walked forward, while Chen Ping followed closely behind!
At this moment, the lights were bright inside the Guardian Pavilion in Kyoto!
A very sumptuous dinner was laid out in the hall, and Mr. Shi was sitting quietly at the head of the table, with a civilized and polite appearance!
After Chen Ping walked into the hall, Mr. Shi smiled faintly and said, “Sit down …………”
Chen Ping nodded and sat down across from Mr. Shi!
Mr. Shi’s eyes, staring at Chen Ping with a deadly gaze, made Chen Ping a little uncomfortable!
“Your kid’s talent and guts are indeed beyond my expectations ……”
“Your strength has increased so quickly these days, so quickly that I can’t even imagine it ……”
“And your guts, you even ran off to the island country alone, and became the god of the entire island country, and dared to break into the Earth Emperor’s Palace Hall at night ……”
“I am now more and more unable to see through you!”
Mr. Shi said slowly.
“Actually, I didn’t want to, it’s just that after retaliating, those guys from the island didn’t want me to leave, so I can only play with them for a few days!”
Chen Ping said with a helpless smile.
“Hahahaha, look at you, the way you’re selling yourself short after getting a bargain.”
“Alright, let’s start eating, I’ve specially prepared good wine for you today!”
Mr. Shi said, with a flick of his palm, the wine cup in front of him instantly flew towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping reached out to catch it, only to feel his arm go numb and it almost came out of his hand!
Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi in shock, knowing that he was now a Fifth Grade Martial Saint, and his true strength was comparable to that of a peak Martial Saint!
But he didn’t expect that catching the cup that Mr. Shi had casually thrown at him would make his arm go numb!