Bing Lu was also gritting her teeth, although they had the numerical advantage, but these four demonic beasts had thick skin and flesh, their bodies were hard as hell, and they seemed to have inexhaustible strength!
If they continued like this, even if they weren’t bitten to death by the demonic beasts, they would still be exhausted alive!
“Everyone hold on, we only have a chance to win if we work together, if we mess up now, no one will be able to escape at that time, everyone will die.”
Bing Lu shouted to the crowd!
In fact, these Saint Maidens also knew that if they messed up now and backed up, they would definitely be slaughtered by these Snow Treading Cloud Beasts!
“Fight!”
“Fight!”
One by one, the Saint Maidens shouted, their eyes glowing red as they forced out the potential of their entire body!
The Frost Sword emanated a sword qi, which then converged together!
Boom boom boom!
A dozen or so Saint Maidens, bursting out their maximum potential, each sword qi, fiercely bombarded those Snow Treading Cloud Beasts’ bodies!
The Snow Treading Cloud Beasts hissed, their mouths continuously spewing out a stream of cold air, and the bodies of these Saint Maidens began to be covered in frost!
Fortunately, these Saint Maidens cultivated ice-based techniques, so they had a natural defence against the Snow Treading Cloud Beast’s cold air attacks!
If they were cultivators of other techniques, they would have already frozen into ice sculptures at this moment!
However, each of their sword qi, which carried an icy cold aura, could not cause much damage when it struck the Snow Treading Cloud Beast’s body!
Both sides were naturally resistant to the ice-cold aura!
Just as Bing Lu and the girls and the four demonic beasts were burning, a heat wave suddenly swept over them!
“Ice and fire are compatible, use this to fire to attack ……”
Chen Ping roared loudly at Bing Lu and the girls!
This heat wave turned out to be a ball of supreme fire that Chen Ping had swung over, even when he was fighting after a demonic beast of the eighth rank of the Transitional Plateau realm, Chen Ping was always observing Bing Lu and the girls yet!
Bing Lu nodded, then shouted, “Sisters, ice and fire are compatible, raise your spirits ……”
One by one, the dozen or so Saint Maidens erupted to their maximum potential!
A white spiritual energy then followed the dozen or so frost swords and gathered crazily above their heads!
The mass of to fire was wrapped in this white spiritual energy, like a ball of ice with flames burning inside!
Immediately after, this ball of spiritual energy flew towards those four Snow Treading Cloud Beasts!
Boom!
This ball of spiritual energy exploded in front of those four demonic beasts!
A wave of heat then swept through, and a sea of fire directly engulfed that Snow Treading Cloud Beast!
A hissing sound was emitted from the mouth of that Snow Treading Cloud Beast!
Even a burning smell continuously came out!
“Here’s your chance, Holy Maiden Chop ……”
Seeing this, Bing Lu hurriedly shouted out!
A dozen or so Holy Maidens swung their frost swords in unison, and countless sword qi gathered together to form a huge longsword!
As the long sword swung, heaven and earth shook!
Brush!
The sword instantly passed through the sea of flames, and the miserable screams of the Snow Treading Cloud Beast stopped at that instant!
As the flames gradually disappeared, the corpses of the four Snow Treading Cloud Beasts had separated!
Gradually, the huge long sword slowly dissipated.
And at that moment, Chen Ping also waved his Dragon Slashing Sword, and the entire space came to a standstill!
Immediately after that, a white light flashed!
That Treading Snow Cloud Beast of the 8th rank of the Transition Realm was unexpectedly chopped into countless pieces!
A bead that emitted a white mist floated in mid-air.
“Beast Dan?”
Looking at the bead, Chen Ping could see that it was the Beast Dan of the Snow Treading Cloud Beast.
Within this Beast Dan, there was also a gust of cold aura radiating outwards!
Chen Ping took the Beast Dan in his hand, and a piercing icy coldness spread throughout his body!
It was important to know that Chen Ping’s current strength was not afraid of the cold at all, not to mention that he still had the Origin of Fire!
“The Beast Dan of the Snow Treading Cloud Beast, it’s really something good.”
Chen Ping directly threw that Snow Treading Cloud Beast’s Beast Dan into his storage ring!