A dozen or so demonic cultivators, desperately blocked the spirit light, but that spirit light came in wave after wave, and even though all of these demonic cultivators were very strong, they all ended up being injured, and some were even dying!
Ning Zhi’s brows were tightly frowned, around him black mist filled the air, those spirit light would dissipate after touching the black mist, it could be seen that Ning Zhi’s strength was also very strong!
“Chen Ping, what kind of formation is this? How come I can feel the sound of Buddha’s voice from these spiritual lights?”
Ning Zhi asked as he looked at Chen Ping in great confusion!
It was because every time that spiritual light attacked you, the sound of Buddha’s voice would resound in your following mind!
“Looks like you really do have some skills, this is a Demon Subduing Array that I am using to specifically deal with you demonic cultivators, the sound of Buddha’s voice in this spiritual light is the best thing to attack you with.”
Chen Ping looked at those demonic cultivators who were already exhausted, the slightest hint of smugness finally appeared on his face!
“Hmph, don’t think that this Demon Subduing Array will be able to trap us, we aren’t true Demon Race, we are just Demon Cultivators, our true nature is still the Human Race.”
“So this Demon Subduing Array of yours won’t be too powerful against us, don’t you dare scare us with this.”
Ning Zhi snorted coldly, his body’s aura surging once again!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, then laughed, “You still know quite a lot about formations, this Demon Subduing Formation of mine is indeed not very powerful against you devil cultivators, but even if it is not very powerful, it is still enough to decimate you people.”
Chen Ping slammed his palm, and the Immortal Stone in the Demon Subduing Formation instantly erupted with its full aura!
The spiritual light flourished and its speed became much faster!
It arrived in front of these demonic cultivators in an instant!
For a while, the screams were endless, and blood was even pouring out of many of the demonic cultivators, and several of them directly fell into the Dead Sea, turning into white bones!
“Immortal Qi? You actually put immortal stones in the formation? It seems like you’ve really put in a lot of blood in order to kill us!”
Ning Zhi instantly detected the difference in the aura!
Chen Ping looked at that Ning Zhi and had to admire this guy for knowing so damn much!
He had to kill him today or else he would really become a big problem in the future, this guy was like a dog’s skin plaster pestering himself, it was too annoying!
“Prince Ning, help, we can’t hold on much longer ……”
Seeing this, the green-clothed cultivator could only helplessly ask Ning Zhi for help, if this went on, I’m afraid all of them would die here!
Ning Zhi nodded and instantly condensed countless black qi, which then all collided towards the auras!
The black qi collided with the aura, creating a deafening sound, and the entire surface of the sea churned in the midst of the sound!
These black qi were all pure demonic qi, which was why they had erupted with such great power!
This Ning Zhi actually wanted to rely on his own strength alone to fight against such a huge Demon Subduing Formation!
Chen Ping, who saw this scene, could not help but frown, and the relaxed look on his face disappeared!
“Ning Zhi, today, the two of us will make an end to this ……”
Chen Ping took the Dragon Slashing Sword and instantly lunged towards Ning Zhi!
He couldn’t let Ning Zhi block the Demon Descending Formation, now that the Demon Descending Formation was trapping those demonic cultivators, Chen Ping had the perfect opportunity to follow Ning Zhi in a single battle without having to think about the other demonic cultivators!
This Demon Descending Array was hastily put up by Chen Ping, and it wasn’t very perfect, the resources put into the array wouldn’t last long, this would be the end if he let Ning Zhi drag this Demon Descending Array to the point of running out of resources.
“You kid even dare to take the initiative to attack, I’d like to see how strong you can explode as a seventh grade of the Transition Realm.”
Seeing Chen Ping take the initiative to attack himself, Ning Zhi’s eyes narrowed slightly with a disdainful expression!
Although he was trapped in the Demon Subduing Formation, Ning Zhi still despised Chen Ping, after all, the gap between the two people’s realms was too great!