After Zheng An Guo received the Sanyuan Pill, he was so grateful to Chen Ping that he could not wait to offer him up as an ancestor!
And that Hu Ma Zi was also overjoyed after receiving the Great Tonic Pill.
There was still some time before the revival of the aura on Penglai Island, so Chen Ping wanted to use this time to cultivate and improve his strength, along with the revival of the aura on Penglai Island, Chen Ping knew that more and more experts would appear.
It was fine if he could stop the revival of the aura, but if he couldn’t, then the whole secular world would become more and more chaotic, and Chen Ping only had enough strength to protect the people around him.
“Master Hu, next I’m going to use the Purple Sun Pill to cultivate, so I still need you guys to protect me before I can do so.”
Chen Ping said to Pocky Hu.
“Don’t worry, I promise to guard you, not a single mosquito can fly in ……”
Hu Puzi patted his chest and said.
“Mr. Chen, if you cultivate, why don’t you come to my mansion, it’s safer there, and I will give an order to seal the city so that no one is allowed to enter or leave.”
At this moment, Zheng An Guo said.
Chen Ping pondered for a moment, so he nodded his head and agreed.
It was indeed much safer at the Zheng family residence than at the hotel!
A group of people went to the Zheng family, and Jiang Wei, who had also taken people there for Chen Ping’s protection, was in no hurry to rush to Penglai Island!
Chen Ping sat cross-legged in the secret room Zheng An Guo had prepared for him, holding the Purple Yang Pill in his hand, the spiritual energy that was like a mountain and sea rushing into Chen Ping’s body constantly!
Chen Ping opened his mouth and swallowed that Purple Yang Pill!
The terrifying spiritual energy swept through Chen Ping’s entire body, at this moment, it was as if Chen Ping was bathed in an ocean of spiritual energy that could let him soar!
With his Heart Condensation Skill running, a small vortex began to appear within Chen Ping’s body, and the thick spiritual Qi filled Chen Ping’s surroundings with a white mist!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, although the Purple Sun Pill could boost his strength, that crazy impact made Chen Ping struggle to channel and control that power!
Chen Ping’s strength was slowly increasing, and his body was beginning to become even stronger.
Time pa*sed, and in the blink of an eye it was half a month!
For these half a month, Chen Ping did not move a muscle inside the chamber!
“It’s been half a month, will Mr. Chen be alright?”
Zheng An Guo asked worriedly.
One had to know that although the divine Pill was good, it also had a great impact on the body, and if the body could not withstand it, it would probably be dangerous.
“It will be fine, that boy Chen Ping is a Golden Dragon True Body, a divine pill is just a divine pill, it can’t destroy his body.”
Pocky Hu sipped his tipple, not worried at all!
During this period of time, Pocky Hu had been singing night and day, and Zhou Jie had become more and more charming with Pocky Hu’s nourishment, and her skin was even whiter and more beautiful!
When this Pocky Hu saw Zhou Jie, then he couldn’t stop loving her!
“Master Hu, will Mr. Chen really be alright?”
Jiang Wei was also a little worried!
After all, it had been half a month and there was no movement at all in the chamber, they couldn’t even feel Chen Ping’s breath!
“Don’t worry, if I say it’s fine, it’s definitely fine, that Chen Ping’s body is different from normal people, even if he takes the divine Pill, I reckon he won’t be able to raise his realm too much.”
Hu Pocky was, in this paragraph, very thorough in understanding Chen Ping!
Seeing that Pocky Hu was so sure, Zheng An Guo and Jiang Wei said nothing more!
Another three days pa*sed, and there was still no movement in the chamber!
But at night, when everyone had gone to sleep, the bright moonlight was suddenly covered by dark clouds!
The whole sky became so dark that it was almost invisible!
Suddenly, a burst of light erupted from the chamber, illuminating the entire night sky as bright as day!
Rumble …………
Suddenly there was an explosion and the hard chamber was instantly reduced to powder, while Chen Ping’s body leapt up like a meteor and ran towards the mountain not far away!