“Cut the crap and take me to release those girls ……”
Chen Ping said coldly to the Third Elder.
“Fine, fine …………”
The Third Elder nodded his head repeatedly and got up to lead Chen Ping towards the back of the temple!
Xu Shimao gritted his teeth and followed behind, while Bai Zhantang supported the disoriented Shen Mengchen and followed too!
Behind the temple was a huge cliff, a towering cliff that gave people a deep sense of oppression!
The Third Elder walked up to one of the cliff walls and gently clapped his hand three times, and soon a door opened in the cliff wall.
Inside was a cell, where a dozen girls were being held, and when they saw the door open, they all curled up in a corner!
The Third Elder took two steps inside and the dozen girls all shrieked in fear.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly carried the third elder out, with anger on his face.
“This …… is all what that Qian Feng told me to do ……”
Seeing Chen Ping looking at himself angrily, the Third Elder hurriedly defended himself!
Shen Mengchen, who had lost her soul, after seeing those girls, her whole body was stunned, these girls were similar to her age, but at this moment, they were all dressed in rags, just like following a beggar!
Shen Mengchen slowly walked in, the girls all quieted down when they saw it was Shen Mengchen who was also a girl!
“It’s just a bunch of animals …………”
Looking at the girls, Shen Mengchen gritted her teeth and cursed Xuan Yue Gu!
Soon, under Shen Mengchen’s appeasement, the girls all walked out, and just after they walked out of the cell door, the girls scattered in all directions as if they were crazy, afraid of being caught back again, not even giving Chen Ping and the others time to reflect.
Chen Ping originally wanted to send someone to escort the girls back, but now that they had all run away, Chen Ping looked at the Third Elder: “Now take me to your lair!”
The Third Elder hesitated, but finally nodded with a grit of his teeth!
“If you dare to play tricks, I will definitely make your life worse than death!” Chen Ping saw that Third Elder hesitate and thought he was going to play tricks!
“I don’t dare, I don’t dare …………” The Third Elder waved his hands repeatedly, “It’s just that I have a compulsion on my body, and now that Qian Feng knows my whereabouts like the back of his hand, this time if I go back to the valley, I am afraid that he will get suspicious!”
“Then I’ll take the compulsions off you first!” Chen Ping said.
“This compulsion was obtained by Qian Feng from the Miao Village, it has been in my body for several years, sucking my essence blood, and has become one with my body, it can’t be taken out at all!”
The Third Elder shook his head!
“Hold out your hand!” Chen Ping said to the Third Elder.
Although the Third Elder did not know what Chen Ping was doing, he obediently stretched his palm out!
Only to see Chen Ping’s fingers pinching, a faint red light rose from his fingertips, and then Chen Ping pointed towards the Third Elder’s palm, and that red light instantly entered the Third Elder’s body!
The Third Elder’s body trembled, followed by his expression becoming extremely painful, only to see that red light swimming rapidly inside the Third Elder’s body, seemingly chasing after something!
“Ahh …………”
Suddenly, the Third Elder opened his mouth and screamed miserably, the worm that had been covered in bright red vomited out of his mouth, the worm directly rose up in a puff of red smoke and died as soon as it saw the sunlight!
Looking at the dead parasite on the ground, the Third Elder’s eyes were wide open, he couldn’t believe it was real!
“Alright, your parasite is gone, now you can go!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
The Third Elder gave Chen Ping a poof and knelt down, kowtowing desperately!
All these years he had been controlled by the parasite and had done many things that were harmful to heaven and earth, and he was tormented beyond belief, but in order to live, he could only follow Qian Feng’s instructions!
“Take out your compulsion, I am not saving you, whether you can live or not will depend on your own performance ……”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice!