Soon, the light slowly faded and Gu Kaiyuan’s body actually became much more majestic!
And the aura of his body had also transformed, as if he was a different person.
Looking at Chen Ping in front of him, Gu Kaiyuan said coldly, “I destroyed the manor and absorbed the power of my ancestors, only with your death can I console my ancestors!”
“Even if you dig your ancestors out of the earth, you won’t be able to kill me at all, it’s good that your body can control this power, and you still want to use it to kill me?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, with a bit of disdain on his face!
“Can I kill you, then let’s try ……”
Gu Kaiyuan finished speaking and smashed his fist fiercely over.
Gu Kaiyuan’s speed was extremely fast, like a stream of light ……
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping similarly swung his fist out, striking the Holy Light Fist that he had just learned.
Boom …………
With a violent and loud sound, Chen Ping’s body was like a cannonball that had been struck out, stopping only after ruthlessly hitting a wall!
Looking at the skin on his body, Chen Ping slowly shook his head, “It seems that even the Holy Light Fist can’t stop you with just the strength of your physical body ……”
“You are too rampant ……”
Gu Kaiyuan was furious, Chen Ping had not even mobilized the power in his body, relying on the power of his flesh body alone to resist himself, this was too despicable.
“Is that so? I didn’t think so, but your ancestor doesn’t seem to be very good either, this power isn’t strong either ……”
Chen Ping mocked at Gu Kaiyuan.
“Go to hell ……”
Gu Kaiyuan was about to die of anger, followed by another mountain-opening fist towards Chen Ping.
This punch was comparable to that of a telling moving locomotive!
The whistling sound was incessant and was accompanied by the sound of breaking air.
When Chen Ping saw this, he dodged to the side!
Rumble …………
The ground was actually smashed by this punch, viciously smashing out a deep crater.
“It’s a bit of a look ……”
Chen Ping looked at the large crater on the ground and had a gaze on his face.
“Continue ……”
Gu Kaiyuan roared, his body instantly reaching in front of Chen Ping, his fist, which was like an iron fist, viciously smashed into Chen Ping.
Gu Kaiyuan was already in a fury at this point, and did not spare the powerful qi in his body!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s spiritual energy in his dantian instantly condensed before he met it with a fist!
Boom!
With a blast, Gu Kaiyuan’s body stomped back three steps, while Chen Ping’s body flew straight out.
“You really do have two strikes ……”
Chen Ping steadied his body and his eyes revealed a strong battle intent.
The stronger the opponent was, the stronger Chen Ping’s battle intent was, and it would mean nothing to Chen Ping if he could just slap the opponent to death with his hands.
Chen Ping began to pay attention, the golden light on his body soared, layers of golden scales emitting a regal glow under the sunlight.
The Unbreakable Golden Body was brought to its fullest extent by Chen Ping, whose entire body was now wrapped in golden scales, while his flesh was similarly hardened by a few degrees.
“Even the strongest Unbreakable Golden Body will break with a single punch in the face of absolute strength ……”
After the two punches, Gu Kaiyuan’s confidence exploded.
He had never felt such terrifying power before, except that this power was only short-lived, and when the power disappeared, Gu Kaiyuan’s life would also be the end, but at this moment, Gu Kaiyuan had no other choice.
The manor had been destroyed, and he was now broken, only to follow Chen Ping to the same end ……
“Then let’s try ……”
The divine Dragon Force within Chen Ping’s body erupted, a golden light flashed above his two fists, a faint layer of divine Dragon Force visible to the naked eye transformed into two miniature versions of golden dragons that surrounded Chen Ping’s two fists!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Using the power of the divine dragons, Chen Ping used the Holy Light Fist that he had just learned.
With the power of his physical body alone, the Holy Light Fist was able to smash that thick iron door, now if he used the power of the divine Dragon, then the power of this Holy Light Fist would increase by hundreds and thousands of times.