“Kill him …………”
Qi Peijia gave an order, while the humanoid monster flew towards Chen Ping and charged!
The Fire Origin Star within Chen Ping’s body erupted with a dazzling light, and a ball of flame began to rise on Chen Ping’s hand!
Accompanied by a push from Chen Ping’s palm, the flames that covered the sky directly wrapped the humanoid monster!
The terrifying to fire, emitting heat waves, caused that humanoid monster to be trapped in place!
Qi Peijia saw this but did not panic in the slightest, but the corner of his mouth slightly raised, and then the humanoid monster disappeared, turning into a puddle of blood and water in the flow!
The Supreme Flame lost its target and quickly went out!
“It’s useless, there’s no way for your Supreme Flame to stop my Devil’s Descent ……”
Qi Peijia sneered!
However, Chen Ping did not pay any attention to it, instead, he quickly crouched down, stretched out his palm, and gently touched the ground!
The moment Chen Ping touched the ground, a formation pattern unexpectedly emerged from the ground and the entire earth began to vibrate!
Buzz!
The very moment Chen Ping’s palm touched the ground, the ground began to split into a long gully in all directions!
The puddle of blood and water flowed directly into the ground, and when Qi Peijia saw this, his heart was startled, and he hurriedly made a seal with both hands to make the puddle of blood and water return back above the ground!
But it was already too late, only to see countless array patterns flashed with light, directly trapped the pool of blood water in the ground, and then the cracked gully was closed again!
The earth returned to calm, as if nothing had happened!
Qi Peijia, on the other hand, frowned and stared at Chen Ping!
He did not understand how this Chen Ping suddenly came up with this method to deal with his Devil’s Descent!
“Do you want to perform your Devil’s Descent again? I would like to see how much essence blood you have to use!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
Qi Peijia’s eyes slightly condensed “Hmph, even if I don’t use my Devil’s Descent, it will be easy for me to kill you ……”
Saying so, Qi Pei Jia’s body was shrouded in black mist and then slowly formed a suit of armour!
“Black Demon Armour ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but frown when he saw that Qi Pei Jia had put on the Black Demon Armour again!
“This Black Demon Armour has even more flaws, I really don’t know how this guy learned it ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch snorted coldly!
“You command, I will strike ……”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Beheading Sword appeared instantly, then his feet lurched and his body instantly disappeared!
Chen Ping’s body disappeared as if it was an instant!
The fire step was good, but unfortunately, Chen Ping only understood the skin, now Chen Ping thought about it and regretted, when in the God and Demon Battlefield did not offend the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign would be good, maybe now was pointed out a couple of times, the fire step would have been understood a lot!
Qi Peijia’s pupils shrank, Chen Ping’s speed was just too fast, so much so that he could not see Chen Ping’s figure at all.
Qi Peijia could only point his toes, and his entire body shot straight up into the sky!
But just as Qi Peijia’s figure swept up, a residual shadow arrived in front of him!
“Nine Shadow Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping let out an explosive shout, and in an instant, six silhouettes surrounded Qi Peijia.
Subsequently, countless sword awns came towards Qi Peijia in a dense manner!
Seeing this, Qi Peijia let out a cold snort before turning out to be completely unconcerned!
He knew that Chen Ping’s attacks would not be able to break through his Black Demon Armour!
When Chen Ping saw that Qi Pei Jia actually did not care, he was ecstatic, with the command of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Chen Ping easily knew where this Black Demon Armour was broken, but that Qi Pei Jia was careless and did not notice!
Countless sword awnings struck Qi Pei Jia’s body, all of them were blocked by that Black Demon Armour, and did not cause any damage to that Qi Pei Jia at all!
“Hahahaha…… you can’t hurt me at all, any more attacks are futile!”
Qi Peijia laughed out loud!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had a cold smile on his face, looking disdainfully at the laughing Qi Peijia, he knew that Qi Peijia would soon be unable to laugh!