Boom Boom Boom!
The arrow feathers passed through several barriers in a row, and in the end, the wall of fire was instantly crushed as well.
Mu Kui was horrified in his heart and could only fiercely bite the tip of his tongue and spray out a mouthful of essence blood!
The essence blood instantly solidified, and then the moment the arrow feather reached it, a violent explosion occurred!
The terrifying aura was like a flood, surging wildly in all directions!
It was also this aura that caused the speed of that arrow feather to stop!
However, the aura on Mu Kui’s body then dropped at a speed visible to the naked eye!
In order to survive, Mu Kui directly exploded all the essence blood in his body, although he was still alive now, it was impossible for him to make a breakthrough, and his strength would even drop!
Mu Kui glared viciously at Chen Ping, then quickly stepped forward and grabbed the gemstone that was emitting a green glow!
Along with a breath pouring into the gemstone, Mu Kui’s body began to deflate, and in the end, he was directly teleported out!
Seeing this, Chen Ping put away his Divine King Bow and also hurriedly chased after him, he did not expect to take out his Divine King Bow and still let this Mu Kui escape, he must not let Mu Kui live!
After touching the gemstone, Chen Ping’s body was also instantly teleported out!
Lan Yingying led the many female cultivators of Guanghan Palace and waited for those who passed the test!
From time to time, people were teleported out by the Trial Tower, but that Mu Kui never appeared, which was a bit of a surprise to Lan Yingying!
After all, this guy had the highest strength, so it was logical that passing the test would be easy!
But now there were quite a few people who had already passed, but there was still no Mu Kui figure!
After all, Mu Kui is Elder Mu’s nephew, and if there is a good or bad situation in the trial tower, Blue Yingying knows that she will not have good fruit to eat!
At the same time, Lan Yingying also observed Chen Ping’s figure, the cultivation of the third grade of the Ferrying Realm, wanting to pass the test is very difficult!
But Chen Ping was neither eliminated nor passed, which made Blue Yingying a little puzzled!
Right at this moment, a black shadow suddenly shot up from the top of the trial tower and then quickly fell towards the ground!
“Help, save me ……”
Mu Kui yelled, heading straight for Lan Yingying!
At the same time, Chen Ping was following closely behind, chasing after him, holding the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
Lan Yingying was startled, and then looked at the falling Mu Kui, his face full of doubts!
Only Mu Kui’s face was very ugly and his breath was weak, as if he had been seriously injured!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was holding the Dragon Beheading Sword and looked at Mu Kui with a fierce gaze!
Lan Yingying and the other cultivators were shocked!
A seventh grade cultivator of the Transitional Apparition realm was being chased by a third grade cultivator of the Transitional Apparition realm in such a sorry state, how could this have happened?
“Miss Lan, this guy killed someone inside the trial tower and wants to kill me, so hurry up and stop him ……”
Mu Kui asked Lan Yingying to block Chen Ping!
However, Mu Kui did not tell Blue Yingying about Chen Ping’s true identity, he had his own plans.
He planned to tell his aunt about Chen Ping’s identity, and when the time came to kill Chen Ping, the 100 years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance could be left to their Mu family alone!
“What …… is this? Why are you killing people?”
Lan Yingying had a confused look on her face at the moment and asked Chen Ping!
“I don’t want to hurt you all, all get out of my way, he must die today!”
Chen Ping said as he pointed his sword at Blue Yingying!
Charging Mu Kui for leaking his whereabouts and finding someone to kill him, Chen Ping would not let him off, not to mention that Mu Kui now knew his identity!
“Unbridled, this is Guanghan Palace, how dare you ……”
Before Lan Yingying’s words fell, Chen Ping’s body unexpectedly erupted with a terrifying aura!
Lan Yingying froze and looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
“Is this the aura that the third rank of the Transition Realm can emit?”
Lan Yingying was confused!
Seeing this, Mu Kui knew that it was somewhat impossible to rely on Blue Yingying to save him, so he leapt towards the inner gate of Guanghan Palace!
As long as he could find his aunt, it would be fine!