Chen Ping did not bother with the bead, but instead relied on his vast power of divine sense to begin removing the poison from Suo Xing Yue and their several elders!
Soon, Suo Xing Yue’s few people became awake, but they could not recall a single thing about the ruling they had just made!
The old man spoke after Suo Xing Yue, then brought the God Condensing Pill that Chen Ping and Meng He had refined, and re-examined it for Suo Xing Yue!
Under the re-examination, several people were all filled with shock, it was obvious that Chen Ping’s God Condensing Pill was a hundred times stronger than Meng He’s, but they didn’t know why they chose Meng He to win!
“How could this happen? I don’t even know what I’ve done now ……”
Suo Xingyue said with a face full of shame!
As a referee, to give such a result was simply too humiliating.
The other few Danyang Sect elders were also filled with shame, not to mention how embarrassed they were, even a child could tell the highs and lows, but they had misdistinguished them!
“Elder Suo, perhaps you should ask your disciple, Miss Zhu Zhu, she knows what’s going on.”
Chen Ping said to Suo Xingyue!
Upon hearing this, Suo Xingyue hurriedly looked at Zhu Zhu and said, “Zhu Zhu, tell me what is going on here? I remember that you were standing right behind us at that time.”
“Master, I don’t know what’s going on either, the referee results were chosen by yourselves.”
Zhu Zhu was still playing dumb by this point!
Seeing this, Meng He then continued to yell loudly, “I got first place, why don’t you announce it quickly, are you guys going to blatantly cheat?”
Meng He shouted, also attracted many other people dissatisfied to come, it is obvious that Meng He’s God Condensing Dan is better, after all, in addition to that old man, everyone else chose Meng He!
After all, except for that old man, everyone else chose Meng He! With such a big difference in scores, what else is there to discuss, the results should have been announced directly!
Looking at the yelling Meng He, and the restless crowd, the old man could only say aloud, “Gentlemen, hold your horses, because a few of the Danyang Sect’s elders have suddenly become unwell, the results of this examination may have to be nullified.”
“Why is it canceled? If they don’t feel well, then they will be canceled? Could it be that I forced them to choose that result?”
“I don’t agree with nullification, I have to be declared number one, if you insist on nullifying it, then I have to question the fairness of your Jialing County.”
Meng He yelled, of course he didn’t want to nullify it!
This time, the scene was at an impasse, it was obvious that Suo Xing Yue and the few of them were being counted, but now that it had come to this, they were in a dilemma!
If Meng He was declared first, it would be unfair to Chen Ping!
But if Meng He was not declared first and had to compete again, that would also be a challenge to the authority of Jialing County!
“How exactly are we being counted?”
Suo Xingyue couldn’t figure it out, after they moved into the Apothecary Guild, they never left, and this was for the sake of the Apothecary Guild’s fairness!
But even so, they were still being counted, and it was obvious that this out-of-the-ordinary refereeing result was the ironclad proof that they were being counted!
“Elder Suo, you can think back, perhaps there was something wrong with the tea we drank.”
“I also had the symptoms that you all have now at that time, only because my divine sense was strong, I directly eliminated that virus, and that’s why we are at peace with each other.”
Chen Ping said to Elder Suo!
Upon hearing this, Suo Xingyue’s eyes glared angrily at Zhu Zhu and said, “Zhu Zhu, did you put something inside our tea?”
“Master, what are you saying? I don’t understand at all!”
Zhu Zhu feigned ignorance and shook her head!
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Zhu and knew that this fellow was hopeless and had a hard mouth!
“You guys don’t pursue the poisoning matter first, how should we announce the results now?”
The old man said with a frown on his face!
He was now also unsure whether the result should be announced or not!