Chen Ping couldn’t help but snort, “Hmph, so what if the Qiu Palace is full of experts? Today, I will first behead you, this trash!”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s figure once again rose up, like an angry lion, pouncing towards Qiu Tint.
Seeing this, Qiu Tu was scared out of his wits and hurriedly turned around to escape.
However, how could he match Chen Ping’s speed? Only seeing Chen Ping’s figure flashing, he appeared in front of Qiu Tui’s body and blasted out with a fist.
“Bang!”
The wind of the fist was like electricity, instantly bombarding Qiu Tu’s chest.
Qiu Tu only felt a huge force coming from him, and his entire body flew backwards like a kite with broken strings, falling heavily on the ground.
He was spitting out blood, his eyes were lax, and he had obviously been seriously injured and lost his fighting ability.
At this moment, Xiong Gao, Missy and Xiong Ying, who were watching the battle from the sidelines, could not help but have a wave of admiration rise in their hearts.
They did not expect Chen Ping to be so powerful that he was able to defeat the three experts with his own strength.
Xiong Gao looked at Chen Ping’s valiant figure, and could not help but be secretly grateful in his heart.
He was glad that he had chosen to follow Chen Ping, otherwise, he was afraid that he would have become Chen Ping’s defeated man by now.
Missy, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping with a face of adoration, she had never seen such a valiant man before, and in her heart, she could not help but feel a trace of affection for Chen Ping.
However, she also knew that now was not the time to express her feelings and could only bury them deep in her heart.
Xiong Ying, on the other hand, was looking at Chen Ping with a worried face, although she knew that Chen Ping was powerful, but when she saw him battling with Qiu Tu and the other three, she still could not help but sweat for him in her heart.
It was only when she saw Chen Ping finally defeat Qiu Tu and the others that she breathed a sigh of relief and looked at Chen Ping with eyes full of adoration, this was still her most intuitive appreciation of Chen Ping’s strength.
As the saying goes, beautiful women love heroes, if at this moment Chen Ping proposed something non-sexual with her, Xiong Ying would definitely not refuse and would definitely take the initiative to cater to it!
“I don’t even need a weapon to beat you three little trash ……”
Chen Ping looked towards the fallen Qiu Tu and the others and said with a cold snort!
Qiu Tu and the others who had fallen to the ground with serious injuries, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping in front of them as if they were seeing the devil, their eyes filled with fear!
Especially Qian Yue, he still thought that Qiu Tu and Master Luan could protect him!
Now it seemed that he had overthought it, as far as Chen Ping’s current strength was concerned, he was afraid that the three great Beast Generals would have a fight on their hands!
“Chen Ping …… Mr. Chen, Grandpa Chen …… spare your life, spare your life ah ……”
Qian Yue dragged his heavily injured body and crawled to Chen Ping’s feet, continuously following Chen Ping to beg for mercy!
At this moment, Qian Yue couldn’t care less about face, saving his life was important!
He kept begging for mercy and started to call out to Chen Ping as his grandfather!
Qiu Tu could not be counted on, Qiu Tu and Master Luan were both injured by Chen Ping’s slap!
Can we count on the Qiu family now?
In terms of his current status, I am afraid that the Qiu Palace really come to the people, but also not necessarily will save him!
Qian Yue was dying of regret at the moment, he really didn’t expect that Chen Ping’s strength would be terrifying to such an extent!
If he hadn’t defected to Qiu Fu, and hadn’t told Qiu Tu about the Immortal Spirit Stone vein, then at this moment he would have followed Chen Ping to share the Immortal Spirit Stones and earned a lot of money!
But where in the world are the pills of regret?
“Qian Yue, do you now know that your choice was wrong?”
Chen Ping looked down at that Qian Yue and asked with a calm face!
“Yes, I know, I was wrong, I was really wrong, I am willing to faithfully follow Mr. Chen and mine this Immortal Spirit Stone for you.”
“I won’t split it with you, all the Immortal Spirit Stones mined will be given to you, as long as you’re willing to leave me a dog’s life!”
Qian Yue desperately kowtowed, he was willing to do anything to save his life!
Chen Ping looked at the apologizing who begged for mercy, there was not the slightest movement in his eyes, instead the murderous aura on his body was getting thicker and thicker!