“Master Hu, how is it?”
Chen Ping asked as he stepped forward.
“This relic is not really small, but the mountain gate of this relic, I guess the relic has been destroyed ……”
Hu Pazi said.
“What do you mean?”
Chen Ping frowned, “Are you saying that this relic has been entered by someone?”
Hu Pazzi nodded.
“If someone has gone in over, haven’t we come here for nothing?”
Fan Jiang said with a sigh.
“Not necessarily, these people can go inside the relics but not necessarily get what’s inside them.”
“Just like the relics of the Heavenly Rune Sect, although we went in many times, we got almost nothing.”
“There is still a difference between exploring a relic and exploring an ancient tomb.”
“If the ancient tomb is opened, it will basically be completely destroyed, while the relics are protected by formations, and the things inside the relics are not something that can be touched by just anyone.”
Pocky Hu explained.
“Master Hu, just tell me where the entrance to that relic is? Won’t we know if we go in and take a look?”
Chen Ping asked anxiously.
However, Hu Ma Zi shook his head, “I can’t find the entrance to the relic, the traces of the entrance have been erased and the formations have been rearranged, now we need to take our time to find it ……”
“Could it be that those guys who broke open the relics are still in the relics?”
Anna spoke up.
“It’s very likely ……”
Hu Ma Zi nodded!
“Then could it be that spreading rumors of tiger demons, and the disappearance of people, all follow this group of people, and they are doing this on purpose to scare those who are exploring the relics?”
Ge Yuhan pondered.
“Yes, there is also this possibility, but how exactly, we’d better find the entrance to the relics first ……”
Chen Ping was now desperate to find the relics as soon as possible.
Just as Chen Ping was about to lead the group to continue towards the snowy mountain, suddenly an aura came from behind them.
And these auras were not weak, the worst of them were at the realm of Great Martial Sect, and there were several Martial Marquis Qi among them!
There was no need to think about it to know that these people must be running towards the relic as well.
“Mr. Chen, what should we do?”
Fan Jiang also sensed the other party’s aura and asked out loud.
Chen Ping frowned slightly and said after a moment of contemplation, “Everyone hide their scent, don’t let the other party see us, we can let them go first and we will follow behind.”
This was Chen Ping’s intention to let the group trip ahead, after all, what dangers would be encountered ahead, no one knew, rather than risking himself, well let these people go first!
Hu Pazzi glanced at Chen Ping: “You kid, you’re really bad ……”
Chen Ping smiled heatedly, “As the saying goes, soldiers are not tired of deception ah.”
Chen Ping and the others gathered their breath and then went to the side to rest, acting as if they were extremely exhausted!
Soon, a dozen of them came over quickly, one of them a man dressed in a tall, yellow-haired, blue-eyed man who was obviously the leader!
And beside that man was a dry, thin old man, and the old man seemed to be blind and was holding a walking stick!
The group all stopped after seeing Chen Ping and the others, while the yellow-haired man gave Chen Ping and the others a glance and did not say anything, but looked at the old man and said, “High Priest, you just said that someone was using the technique of cave exploration and tomb hunting to find that relic, is it in this place?”
The old man did not say anything, but took out a bronze bell from his pocket, and then gently shook it, while the bell emitted a crisp sound, and that one sound wave, quickly began to spread out!
This sound wave, as if it was full of magic, kept on pounding towards Chen Ping’s mind!
A golden light instantly flashed in Chen Ping’s mind, forcing the sound wave directly back!