Ye Family!
Ye Liancheng brought Sheng Bushi in front of the Ye Family’s Holy Pool!
Looking at the dark green water in front of him, and a strange smell, Sheng Bushi’s face became a little ugly!
Ye Liancheng pointed at the holy pool in front of him and said “Sheng Bushi, what you see here is our Ye family’s holy pool, legend has it that in this holy pool, there is ancient energy, as long as you can soak in the holy pool for a night, you will be able to shed your bones and increase your cultivation greatly.”
“Then why don’t you go take a dip and let your cultivation grow?” Sheng Bushi looked at Ye Liancheng and asked!
“Can’t you see that this holy pool is surrounded by formations, the only way to enter the holy pool is to break the formations.”
“Right now the formation has only been broken a little bit, there’s no way to enter the holy pool yet ……”
Ye Liancheng said!
“Hahaha …………”
“Ye Liancheng, don’t you think you are talking ridiculously? If this holy pool is owned by your Ye family, even if there is a formation, you guys should be able to break it easily ah?”
“Now that you guys can’t even break the formations, that proves that this holy pool isn’t even your Ye Family’s, it’s just something you turtled up and snatched.”
Sheng Bushi laughed out loud!
He had long since seen that this sacred pool had a rather tight array laid around it, and the array was incredibly complex, obviously coming from the hands of a high-level array master!
Hearing Sheng Bushi’s words, Ye Liancheng did not get angry either.
“Regardless of whether it’s turtled or snatched, the Sacred Pool is now our Ye Family’s.”
“I brought you here this time to let you help me break this formation, as long as the formation is broken, I can let you go right away.”
Ye Liancheng said with a faint smile on his face!
“Do you think it’s possible? How would I work for you!”
Sheng Bushi snorted coldly!
“You will, you will definitely ……”
Ye Liancheng finished and gently clapped his hands!
Soon Sheng Jiayue was escorted out by the Ye family!
“Dad …………”
Seeing Sheng Bu Shi, Sheng Jia Yue was a little excited!
Ever since they were arrested by Sheng Tiantai, they hadn’t seen each other since!
“Jia Yue ……”
When Sheng Bushi saw Sheng Jiayue, he also immediately understood that this Ye Liancheng was trying to threaten himself with his own son!
“Sheng Bushi, if you don’t promise me, then I can’t guarantee that your son will be in any condition ……”
Ye Liancheng said with a threatening face!
“Ye Liancheng, at least you are considered as the head of the Ye Family, this kind of despicable thing, can you also do it?”
Sheng Bushi had a face of anger as he glared viciously at Ye Liancheng!
“Of course, in order to achieve my goal, I will do anything.”
Ye Liancheng let out a cold smile, then gently waved his palm!
Ah …………
Sheng Jiahui let out a miserable scream, only to see Sheng Jiayue’s arm strangely twisted, the whole person had a hideous face, in extreme pain!
This Ye Liancheng was also ruthless enough, not waiting for Sheng Bushi to react, he struck out at Sheng Jiaoyue!
“Stop, stop ……”
Sheng Bushi saw his son’s painful appearance and instantly panicked!
Ye Liancheng didn’t stop, but threatened in a cold voice “Help me break the formation, you only have one day and one night, or else watch how your son is tortured.”
“Okay, I promise you, promise you ……”
Sheng Bushi hurriedly nodded his head!
Seeing Sheng Bushi promise, only then did Ye Liancheng stop, and that Sheng Jiayue’s entire body was tortured to the point that he didn’t even have the strength to stand!
Ye Liancheng waved his hand and let the people drag Sheng Jiayue away!
Although Sheng Bushi was unwilling, but there was nothing he could do, he could only glare at Ye Liancheng, and helplessly began to check the formation and started to break it!
“Remember, you only have one day and one night.”
After saying that, Ye Liancheng turned around and left!
He was not afraid that Sheng Bushi would not sell out, as long as Sheng Jiaoyue was still in his hands, Sheng Bushi could only be held!