At the same time, a golden dragon slowly emerged on Chen Ping’s back, its terrifying bloodline pressure beginning to spread across Wuwang Land!
Everyone felt the dragon’s oppressive aura, their expressions shifting repeatedly!
Seeing this, Huo Zhao’s brows furrowed tightly, he stared at Chen Ping, his heart filled with utter shock!
This bloodline pressure was simply too terrifying!
In that moment, a trace of unease crept into Huo Zhao’s mind!
This Chen Ping wasn’t a human cultivator at all, that golden dragon bloodline made people tremble in fear!
“Who the hell is this guy?”
Huo Zhao turned to Huo Zhenfeng, not far away, and demanded!
If they’d provoked someone with a powerful background for the Huo Family, it could bring catastrophic disaster upon them!
“Elder, this Chen Ping is just a rogue cultivator, he wiped out the Tenth Hall of the Divine Temple and subdued the Tenth Hall Master, he’s got a grudge with the Divine Temple too,” Huo Zhenfeng explained, aware that Huo Zhao was the Eighth Hall Master of the Divine Temple, he started detailing Chen Ping’s history with them!
Hearing this, Huo Zhao’s brows creased, it seemed he couldn’t ignore this now!
At that moment, Chen Ping’s face twisted ferociously as he strained to draw the Divine King Bow!
With each surge of the bow’s power, the toll on Chen Ping grew proportionally greater!
But having just broken through, leaping two minor realms in one go, Chen Ping could once again wield the Divine King Bow!
As he pulled the string, a black arrow feather slowly formed on the bow!
As the arrow took shape, waves of dreadful energy rippled through the heavens and earth!
Looking at the Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hands, Huo Zhao’s expression grew increasingly grave, he fixed his gaze on Chen Ping, his right hand slowly clenching into a fist, at this point, retreat was no longer an option!
Since Chen Ping had a feud with the Divine Temple, as the Eighth Hall Master, Huo Zhao had to deal with him!
Narrowing his eyes, Huo Zhao lunged forward, throwing a punch straight at Chen Ping!
This punch seemed capable of annihilating everything in existence!
At the same time, Chen Ping released the bowstring, the black arrow feather streaking through the void towards Huo Zhao!
Neither of them dodged!
They were going head-to-head!
Boom!
With a deafening explosion, the entirety of Wuwang Land twisted, on the verge of collapse!
Chen Ping staggered back dozens of li, blood spilling from his mouth, his body beginning to crack!
Huo Zhao, too, was forced back this time, his form growing even more ethereal!
Huo Zhao stared at Chen Ping in disbelief, the power of that arrow had actually instilled fear in his heart!
He was an immortal, even if this wasn’t his true body, killing a Great Ascension Realm cultivator should’ve been as easy as breathing!
Yet now, he’d been pushed back by a mere Great Ascension Realm cultivator!
And after several moves, he still hadn’t managed to kill Chen Ping!
More importantly, Chen Ping’s bloodline was growing increasingly terrifying, impossible to suppress!
Huo Zhao was starting to sense something deeply abnormal about Chen Ping!
“Kid, let me help you, if I don’t possess you now, you really might not make it,” Crimson Cloud Demon Lord said, seeing the situation, he had no choice but to step in, otherwise, if Master Shi didn’t arrive in time and Chen Ping died, what then?
“Alright!” Chen Ping nodded, “Senior, go all out, worst case, I’ll just ditch this body!”
Chen Ping’s anger had been ignited!
So many Sun-Moon City cultivators had died for him, this vengeance had to be avenged!
“That ruthless, huh?” Crimson Cloud Demon Lord was taken aback!
“You’ve got to kill this bastard, or all those Sun-Moon City cultivators will have died for nothing,” Chen Ping insisted!
“Don’t worry, this idiot’s just a petty immortal, and not even his real body, nothing to fear!” Crimson Cloud Demon Lord licked his lips and said.
It’d been a while since he last stretched his limbs, and he was itching to get started!
“Senior, do it…”
Chen Ping released his consciousness, letting Crimson Cloud Demon Lord take over his body!
Boom!
Chen Ping’s body instantly erupted with waves of demonic energy, his entire aura undergoing a earth-shattering transformation!