“Beast?” The corner of Long Xiao’s mouth lifted, “I am a beast, what can you do? If you don’t take it off, then don’t blame me ……”
With a wave of Long Xiao’s palm, a huge suction force instantly sucked that child into his hand.
A teenage child, who was now under Long Xiao’s control, his face had already changed and tears were flowing out.
“Sister save me, sister save me ……”
The child cried out, begging Ge Jiayi to save him!
Ge Jiayi was also anxious at this time, but how could she be willing to take off her clothes in public!
The hundreds of people around, all watching, not a single one of them opened their mouths to help!
There were many people who were urging Ge Jiayi to take off her clothes, after all, these people like to see free strip shows.
What’s more, Ge Jiayi was a famous beauty in Kyoto!
“Not taking off?” Long Xiao’s hand exerted a slight force, and the kid couldn’t say anything instantly!
Ge Chia-Yi looked at the kid with a red face, her eyes were wide open and her eyeballs were bulging out, her heart was both uncomfortable and anxious!
Both fists were clenched tightly, biting her lips tightly, looking helpless!
“Hurry up and take it off, saving a life is better than building a seven-level pagoda ……”
“It’s just taking off a shirt, close your eyes and pretend there’s no one around!”
“Hurry up, hurry up, don’t waste your feelings ……”
Many people started urging at Ge Jiayi!
Tears flowed out of Ge Jiayi’s eyes, she was a girl and now she had to endure this.
Ge Jiayi began to regret a little for not listening to her father, if she hadn’t sneaked out, maybe this wouldn’t have happened.
Now looking at the child who was about to die, Ge Jiayi was caught in a dilemma!
“Brother Chen, what the f*ck are these people from the martial arts world’s clan families? Even if they don’t help, they’re still raising hell ……”
Zhao Barging’s lungs were about to explode as he listened to those people urging Ge Jiayi to take off her clothes.
“The martial arts world, it really sucks ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
And at this moment, Ge Jiayi’s body began to take off the clothes on her body after a thoughtful struggle.
Slowly, she unbuttoned the first button on her body!
Seeing that Ge Jiayi was taking off her clothes, everyone was instantly silent, their breath stagnant as they watched with wide eyes!
“The grand young master of the Dragon Family, how dare you use a child to threaten a girl to undress, can you still have some shame?”
With a stern shout, followed by a sharp and terrifying strong wind attacking towards Long Xiao!
This strong wind struck Long Xiao’s arm, instantly causing Long Xiao to release the child in his hand.
“Who?”
Long Xiao was startled, he didn’t expect that there was still an expert hiding on the scene!
And at this moment, Chen Ping slowly got up, followed by a step out, his body instantly reached above the martial arts arena, following Long Xiao on all fours!
“Chen Ping ……”
Seeing that it was surprisingly Chen Ping, Long Xiao’s eyes were instantly filled with anger, his teeth clenched!
He had been looking for Chen Ping and was worried that he would not be able to find him, but now he did not expect Chen Ping to deliver himself to his door.
When the crowd saw that it was Chen Ping who appeared, they were all shocked too, after all, Chen Ping had disappeared for months and now suddenly appeared, making many people feel surprised!
Especially Ge Jiayi, who suddenly felt a sense of security inside when she saw Chen Ping’s appearance!
“Chen Ping, when did you …… you come?”
Ge Jiayi asked as she turned to Chen Ping.
“I’ve been here all …… the time.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Take this child down ……”
Ge Chia-Yi nodded and took the kid down!
And at that moment, Xiao Ru, who was on top of the stands, saw Chen Ping smiling at Ge Jiayi and immediately said to Gu Ling’er who was beside her, “Sister Ling’er, Brother Chen wouldn’t have fallen for that woman, would he? I’m afraid this is going to be another sister for you guys.”
“Don’t talk nonsense, Big Brother Chen is not that kind of person, he has Sister Ling’er and Sister Yu Qi, there is no way he is looking for another woman.”
Zhao Beng was rushing to the side to help Chen Ping!