Only to see Qiu Tu and that Master Luan swept in, and in the blink of an eye they landed in front of Chen Ping!
“Mr. Qiu, you’ve finally come, this Chen Ping has broken the formation, it can’t trap him at all!”
Qian Yue’s eyes instantly lit up, as if he had seen a savior!
His nervousness also calmed down, and a relaxed smile appeared on his face!
The youngest sister’s brother also let out a long breath.
Now that Qiu Tu and Master Luan had come, the two of them would not have to be afraid of Chen Ping!
“Qian Yue, don’t worry, since you have submitted to our Qiu family, then we will naturally protect your well being.”
Qiu Tu said with a proud face!
He had completely forgotten that he was once Chen Ping’s defeated opponent!
Now that he had Grandmaster Luan, he still thought that the two of him would be able to defeat Chen Ping by joining forces!
“You are Chen Ping? To be able to break the old man’s formation, you have some skills, but don’t think that by breaking my formation, you are qualified to clamor in front of me.”
“That formation I laid down is nothing more than the lowest level, even if you broke it, you have nothing to show off.”
Master Luan looked at Chen Ping with disdainful eyes and said!
“Did I show off?”Chen Ping smiled faintly, “If I had flaunted it, you would have been dead by now ……”
“How dare you, you’re just a Mahayana Realm 1st Grade cultivator, dare you talk to me like that?”
“Even the three great beast generals have to be respectful when they see old me, what kind of a thing are you?”
Master Luan roared sternly!
As a Senior Formation Master, he was very well established in Beast City, the three great Beast Generals were pulling him in, and no one dared to mess with him!
Now that Chen Ping, a Mahayana Realm first grade cultivator, dared to talk after himself like this, of course Grandmaster Luan was enraged!
“The three great beast generals, are they very powerful?”
Chen Ping said with a cold snort!
Now that Chen Ping had broken through to the Mahayana Realm, his strength had even taken a qualitative leap!
Facing the strength of the three great beast generals at the eighth rank of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping was not at all weak!
“Kid, aren’t you a bit too crazy, thinking that just because you are able to cross levels, you can not put the three great beast generals in your eyes?”
“Let me tell you, our Qiu Mansion is the head of the Three Great Beast Generals, and my father has even reached the peak of the eighth rank of the Mahayana Realm, and will soon be able to break through to the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm.”
“Moreover, our Qiu Mansion possesses three cultivators of the Sixth Grade of the Mahayana Realm and more than ten cultivators of the Fifth Grade of the Mahayana Realm.”
“Cultivators below the fifth rank of the Mahayana realm, that’s even more dozens of people, this kind of strength, wouldn’t it be for you, a tiny first rank of the Mahayana realm, to mess with?”
Qiu Tu reported his family’s power with a haughty face!
In the entire Beast City, this kind of power was one of the top two existences!
Qiu Tu also knew that Chen Ping had some strength, but the strength of one person, compared to his entire Qiu family, was simply too small!
Qiu Tu proudly looked at Chen Ping’s eyes, he wanted to see fear in Chen Ping’s eyes!
In his opinion, even if Chen Ping was a genius, even if he was able to fight at a higher level, even if he had a spirit sword in his hand, he was after all just a Mahayana realm first grade cultivator!
This kind of power of the Qiu Mansion was simply not something that Chen Ping could shake!
Chen Ping looked at Qiu Tu without a glance, and the scene fell into a brief silence!
Qian Yue and Brother Missy thought that Chen Ping was intimidated, and a smug smile appeared on their faces!
“If your Qiu family only has this strength, I, alone, am enough to destroy your Qiu family ……”
Chen Ping said with a calm face!
If he was only at the ninth rank of the Transition Realm right now, Chen Ping would not have dared to say such big words!
But now Chen Ping had already broken through to the Mahayana realm, so it was not impossible to exterminate the Qiu family if he used all his means!
What Mahayana realm fifth grade, sixth grade, Chen Ping simply do not put in the eyes, the only some threat to Chen Ping, only that the Qiu family of Qiu Wanha, Mahayana realm eighth grade realm!
This Beast City seems to have been closed for too long, and doesn’t know what the outside world is like!
More than a dozen Mahayana realm fifth or sixth grade cultivators, also dare to be so arrogant and domineering ……