“En, I believe you ……”
Bai Shao nodded her head vigorously!
In the beginning, Bai Shao was just using Chen Ping’s bloodline, but who knew, after the two had been together for a long time, she had really liked Chen Ping!
In fact, Hu Huangcheng was no longer that important to Bai Shao, as long as she could be with Chen Ping all the time, she was content!
“Alright, master and sister Ruyan they just came over, it’s better to rest for a while.”
“Ji Yun has already sorted out the room, it’s just a bit shabby.”
Fire Phoenix told Chen Ping and the others to go and rest!
“By the way, Ji Yun told me that that Granny Zhen is from the Zhen Family in this Yongle City, so you guys followed along!”
“I see that the Zhen Family compound is very majestic, so how come you guys were placed in such a humble place?”
Chen Ping asked with some dissatisfaction!
“We only learnt about it after we came here, that Granny Zhen had fled the Zhen Family in the first place, so the Zhen Family was very unfriendly to Granny Zhen.”
“If it wasn’t for the fact that Hu Huang City was occupied by the Feng Family, Granny Zhen wouldn’t have returned!”
Bai Qian said with a light sigh!
“Fleeing the Zhen Family?”Chen Ping had a confused look on his face!
Fire Phoenix, on the other hand, whispered into Chen Ping’s ear and followed Chen Ping through the matter of Granny Zhen!
When Chen Ping heard that it was because of such a thing, he could only smile awkwardly!
Even these cultivators in the Celestial Realm could not escape the word love!
Even the Immortals of the Celestial Realm had no way to get rid of it.
It is easy to become an immortal, but it is hard to break the love ah …………
Chen Ping took Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng to rest.
And within the hall of the Western Region Apothecary Guild, the four presidents of the five major apothecary guilds were all seated amongst them with a grave expression on their faces!
Only the president of that Northern Region Apothecary Guild hadn’t come!
The heads of the four great families of Yongle City were also inside this hall, and among them was the head of the Zhen Family, Zhen Yuandao.
There was also that Zhong Yi amongst them, as the famous Pill Dignitary of Yongle City, this kind of meeting of course could not be without him!
There were also some heads of major medicinal families from other regions, a total of dozens of people sitting inside the hall!
Everyone’s face was grave!
“Gentlemen, I believe you all know about the matter of Pill God Island, now we are gathered together to discuss some countermeasures, what should we do about this matter, should we go to Pill God Island to organise a Pill Masters’ Conference?”
Su Tianshuo, the president of the Western Region Pill Master Association, asked the crowd!
There was a silence below, no one spoke, because everyone knew that the first to open their mouths could be when would suffer the most questioning!
After a while, Chen Wenliang opened his mouth and asked, “President Su, that Pill God Island’s situation, you know it better than we do, do you think that if we don’t listen to the Pill God Island, the Pill God Island will really target our major Apothecary Guilds?”
“Will!”Su Tianshuo nodded his head without hesitation and said!
Seeing Su Tianshuo so certain, Chen Wenliang did not know what to say for a moment!
“Gentlemen, the strength of Pill God Island is simply not something we can fight against right now, even if we add together, we still can’t fight against Pill God Island.”
“When the people from Pill God Island came over to inform me, even though there were only three people, all three were Mahayana realm cultivators.”
“And from what they said, there are countless Mahayana Realm cultivators on their island!”
“With this kind of strength, what are we going to fight against?”
Su Tianshuo said!
At this, the crowd became even more silent, and there were others who were worried inside, their faces sweating nervously!
“President Su, if we go to Pill God Island, at that time, I’m afraid those people from Pill God Island won’t let us come back.”
“Instead of arriving at Pill God Island and fighting after them, it’s better to let go and fight, as long as the people from Pill God Island dare to come ashore, we’ll fight.”
Zhen Yuandao spoke up!
“Right, when we go to the island, we’ll be lambs to the slaughter.”
“Fight, if they dare to go ashore, we’ll fight them!”
“Never go to …….”
Many people began to echo Zhen Yuandao’s words!