This made Chen Ping’s heart excited.
When Hu Pazi saw that Chen Ping was fine, he looked around and found that just this Hanbai jade seat and nothing else was left.
“It’s really strange, is there something peculiar about this Hanbai jade seat ……”
Hu Ma Zi said, and also sat straight up.
“Don’t sit …… down.”
Chen Ping shouted, trying to stop Hu Pazzi.
After all, the experience he had just had almost didn’t kill Chen Ping, and he didn’t want Hu Pazzi to go down this path.
Only, Chen Ping’s stop was already too late, Hu Pazzi had already sat up.
Hu Ma Zi sat on that Chinese white jade seat and swayed it from side to side a few times, finding that there was nothing special about it.
And there was no stream of light shining on Hu Ma Zi’s body either.
Seeing that Pocky Hu was fine, Chen Ping was relieved to see that the Chinese white jade seat could only be activated once!
“Chen Ping, you were just sitting on it, what happened?”
Hu Ma Zi asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not want to hide from Hu Ma Zi, so he told him what he had seen, following Hu Ma Zi.
This stunned Hu Ma Zi.
“Let me see your sword …….”
Pocky Hu had never heard of such a thing before.
Chen Ping handed the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand to Hu Ma Zi, who resulted in the Dragon Cutting Sword, but the Dragon Cutting Sword emitted a buzzing sound, instantly causing Hu Ma Zi to throw it out of his hand.
“Holy sh*t, why is this sword hot? It’s too hot …………”
Hu Ma Zi said in surprise.
Chen Ping was stunned and picked up the Dragon Chopper Sword, not noticing anything different about it.
“It’s not hot ah?”
Chen Ping re-pa*sed the Dragon Cutting Sword to Hu Pazzi.
But this time, Hu Pocky didn’t dare to take it anymore and waved his hand, “Forget it, it seems to be your luck, I didn’t get anything this time ……”
Hu Pocky was a little frustrated, when Qing Ye Zhi was cultivating, the aura was all absorbed by Chen Ping, and now Chen Ping had gotten another set of sword techniques inherited, and even gotten a sword spirit!
Pocky Hu had gotten nothing, and he had just been injured!
This trip was a big loss!
Looking at Hu Pocky’s look, Chen Ping smiled awkwardly, “Or else we can look again, maybe there are treasures elsewhere ……”
Chen Ping comforted Pocky Hu.
Pocky Hu was about to say something when he heard a rumbling sound.
Just then, the entire ancient tomb began to shake.
“It’s bad, it’s going to collapse, let’s go ……”
Hu Ma Zi’s face changed and he hurriedly led Chen Ping to run outside.
And at that moment, inside the Red Lotus Palace!
Ji Ru Xue was standing by with everyone in tight formation!
The entire Red Lotus Palace was shaking at the moment, and Ji Ru Xue didn’t know what was happening.
“Sister, is this an earthquake?”
Xiao Min asked to Ji Ru Xue.
“I’m not sure, tell everyone to be careful ……”
Ji Ru Xue’s face was very ugly.
She wasn’t worried about what would happen to the Red Lotus Palace, but she was worried about Chen Ping, it had been several days since they had gone in, and they hadn’t seen Chen Ping come out yet.
Now that the ground was shaking again, she was afraid that something would happen to Chen Ping.
Fortunately, the shaking didn’t last long before it stopped.
Although the shaking had stopped, the illusion that Pocky Hu had set up for the Red Lotus Palace was rippling at the moment!
Seeing this, Ji Ru Xue was greatly alarmed, this meant that someone outside was forcibly breaking through the illusion and trying to break into the Red Lotus Palace!
“Someone is invading, alert ……”
Ji Ru Xue shouted.
All the disciples of the Red Lotus Palace were all standing at attention.
Boom!
Suddenly, the illusion was broken open and the Red Lotus Palace was instantly exposed.
And right now, outside the gates of the Red Lotus Palace, Zhou Tianyin was leading his men to gaze intently at the Red Lotus Palace!
After the last battle with Chen Ping, Zhou Tianyin had been injured by a sudden sneak attack, he had long been furious!
Now that he had recovered from his injuries, Zhou Tianyin immediately came looking for revenge on Chen Ping!