Bai Shao looked at Chen Ping and smiled faintly “What? Being so attached to that little witch, are you in love with her ……”
“No!” Chen Ping shook his head!
“Seeing as it was you who found it, I can give a few to that little witch, but you’ll have to take something in exchange ……”
Bai Shao said with a smile!
“Take what in exchange?” Chen Ping did not know, what this Bai Shallow wanted!
“You tell me?” Bai Shallow stepped forward and gently stroked Chen Ping’s face!
Chen Ping instantly understood, and could only helplessly say “One at a time for one, you first give Miss Luo two, I’ll add two more ……”
“Cluck cluck cluck ……” Bai Shao laughed “Looks like you know a lot, then I’ll give her two ……”
Bai Shallow said and directly threw Luo Xi two fruits!
Luo Xi took the clear spirit fruit, not to mention how happy she was, but she didn’t realise that these two clear spirit fruits were exchanged by Chen Ping with his own body!
“Let’s go quickly, the formation here is broken, just now it was even more light, I believe someone has already noticed this place!”
Bai Shao said!
However, Chen Ping did not leave at the first opportunity, but instead went up and gently stroked the somewhat dry looking heavenly tree!
A strand of Immortal Qi, through the thick trunk, entered Chen Ping’s body!
Although the heavenly tree looked withered, the immortal qi within it was very dense!
As the saying goes, a thin dead camel is bigger than a horse!
“What are you doing if you’re still not leaving?”
Bai Shao saw that Chen Ping was actually directly hugging the big tree and not leaving!
“There is immortal qi inside this big tree, I want to absorb some immortal qi ……”
Chen Ping said!
“This God and Demon Battlefield is full of treasures, so a little bit of Immortal Qi makes you greedy, is there any talent?”
Bai Shao looked at Chen Ping helplessly!
“You can’t just let the donkey pull the mill and not let the donkey eat grass, right? I’m too tired day after day, how can I carry on without absorbing a bit of Immortal Qi?”
Chen Ping said with great dissatisfaction!
Seeing this, Bai Shallow rolled her eyes and said “You eat, you eat whatever you want, today we will rest here ……”
After saying that, Bai Shao used her finger to gently scratch towards that big tree in the sky, and a tree hole was scratched above that tree trunk!
It was just right for people to rest inside, and they could also absorb the immortal qi within the tree inside!
Bai Shao entered the tree hole and called Chen Ping in as well!
Luo Xi, on the other hand, went to the side and slowly savoured the Clear Spirit Fruit, then sensed the Qi of Heaven and Earth, the power of Origin!
It would be great if he could open the Origin Space and sense the Origin Force!
Luo Xi did not notice that at this moment, a burst of panting sounds had long resounded within the tree cave!
The sound went on for a full two hours before it disappeared!
Chen Ping, after serving Bai Shao well, began to desperately run the Concentration Skill, absorbing the Immortal Qi within the tree trunk at maximum speed!
Without realising it, the night passed!
This night, Chen Ping was tossed around three times!
Luckily, there was Immortal Qi to replenish it, otherwise Chen Ping would really be a bit overwhelmed!
However, that Bai Shallow was getting more and more hydrated, becoming more charming, and the bloodline in her body was also starting to become stronger!
“Ah …………”
Suddenly, Luo Xi let out a scream!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly rushed out, and he saw that Luo Xi was currently yelling and screaming, her face filled with excitement!
“Miss Luo, what’s wrong with you?” Chen Ping asked in confusion!
“Mr Chen, I …… have opened the Origin Space and have sensed the Origin ……”
Luo Xi said happily!
“Really? What Origin did you sense?”
Chen Ping was also very excited, he didn’t expect that Luo Xi would be able to open the Origin Space and sense the Origin power after only using two Clear Spirit Fruits!
“What I’m sensing should be the Origin of Blood ……”
Luo Xi said, one of his hands gently made a point in the void, and it was as if the entire void rippled and began to stir in all directions!