Chen Ping’s words caused Zhu Zhishan’s face to turn ugly, and his entire face turned pale with anger!
“Chen Ping, you don’t need to pretend, although one strike didn’t kill you, I don’t believe that you can still resist the second strike ……”
Zhu Zhishan said, holding his magic weapon in his hand, ready to deliver a thunderous strike to Chen Ping!
But at this moment, Chen Ping’s face suddenly changed and he looked behind Zhu Zhishan with a grave expression, “Mr. Shi, why have you come back?”
Chen Ping’s words caused Zhu Zhishan to freeze, and he could not help but look back.
But just as Zhu Zhishan turned back, Chen Ping had already taken out the Qiankun Circle and thrown it in mid-air, instantly a black hole appeared!
“Zhu Zhishan, wait for me, your Martial Alliance, I will return sooner or later ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and his body instantly disappeared into the black hole.
Zhu Zhishan found out that he had been fooled, and was instantly furious, “D*mn it, shameless person, how dare you lie to me ……”
“All of you go after me, find me, this spatial spell won’t teleport too far, if you have news of that Chen Ping, report it immediately ……”
Zhu Zhishan yelled, while those from the Martial Dao Alliance went out to search for it.
Zhu Zhishan then placed his gaze on Long Jingguo, who had just been standing, not moving at all, not making a move at all, and now seemed to not want to make a move to look for that Chen Ping either.
“Long Family Master, your Long Family don’t forget that you are also a member of the Martial Dao Alliance, and your son, Long Xiao, was injured by Chen Ping, don’t you want to kill that Chen Ping?”
Zhu Zhishan asked with a disgruntled look on his face as he turned to Long Jingguo.
“Master Zhu, a little Chen Ping, with Master Zhu’s hand, he will definitely not be able to escape, why do I need to do it, I still have some business at home, I will take my leave first ……”
Long Jingguo said, surprisingly turned around and walked away.
The first thing you need to do is to get rid of the problem.
…………
After pa*sing through the head of the Qiankun circle, Chen Ping immediately fled towards the outside of Kyoto, he intended to go to the Red Lotus Palace, explore the secrets of that cave in the Red Lotus Palace, and in the meantime close down to improve his strength.
As his level got higher and higher, Chen Ping found that he needed more and more spiritual energy, and trying to improve his strength started to become slow and difficult.
Luckily, Su Yuqi’s life was not in danger, so Chen Ping still had time to improve his strength.
Chen Ping left Kyoto and headed south, while the Martial Arts Union searched extensively for Chen Ping without being able to find him!
Zhu Zhishan knew that if he could not find Chen Ping and let him escape, he would be out of luck next.
Those higher ups within the Martial Dao Alliance, as well as the great powers, would not spare him.
“Rubbish, all of them are f*cking rubbish ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s face turned blue with anger as he fought to yell.
After venting his anger, Zhu Zhishan knew that even though he was angry, he had to find Chen Ping and kill him as soon as possible, or else his little life would not be saved.
Taking out the token from his pocket, Zhu Zhishan took a glance at it before putting it back in, followed by walking out of the Martial Alliance and going to a slum area on the outskirts of Kyoto!
This was where the workers lived, all low-rise houses, and the environment was not good, with an unpleasant smell everywhere.
In the streets here, there were many small vendors, who greeted Zhu Zhishan when they saw how well dressed he was.
But Zhu Zhishan looked at him with a cold face and walked straight to the end of an alleyway!
Here was a dilapidated house, so dilapidated that it was difficult to keep out the wind and rain.
Inside the house, a dirty old man was smoking a dry cigarette and resting with his eyes slightly closed.
On a table, as far as it could be found inside the room, there were a few books and a few copper coins.