“I know what’s going on!”
The old voice in Long Xiao’s mind rang out, “These four people have absorbed Chen Ping’s girlfriend’s bloodline, so when the four people strike out, they will give off Chen Ping’s girlfriend’s aura, if it was just one person, this aura would be weak, but when the four people join hands, then this aura will make Chen Ping feel very familiar.”
“At the moment he struck out, he felt this familiar aura and his mind was moved, so it made his mind damaged and he became like this.”
“Aren’t you always thinking of teasing Chen Ping, I can help you now ……”
“How can I help?” Long Xiao asked.
“You get the four guys from the Martial Alliance to exude their breath together, and I will make you watch a good show.”
The pale old voice in his head said playfully.
“Master Zhu, I know how this Chen Ping’s heart and mind is damaged!”
Long Xiao opened his mouth and said.
“What happened?”
Zhu Zhishan asked curiously.
This was where several people from Xu Song also looked at Long Xiao curiously, they were also curious to know what was going on with Chen Ping.
“Master Zhu, these four people from your Martial Alliance would emit some aura that could cause Chen Ping to be stimulated, so when the four of them joined forces, Chen Ping froze the moment he returned the attack, but he should have been mentally damaged by that aura!”
Long Xiao did not directly pick it out, after all, the matter of the Martial Dao Alliance using other people’s bloodlines to cultivate experts was disgraceful, and the fewer people who knew about it, the better.
However, when Long Xiao said this, Zhu Zhishan immediately understood, he didn’t expect it to be so simple, making Chen Ping turn into a dumb look.
“I didn’t expect the thing that restrained Chen Ping to be so simple, had we known this, why would our Martial Alliance have lost so many people ……”
Zhu Zhishan was a little regretful, in order to kill Chen Ping, he even used Du Da, only to have Du Da killed by Chen Ping as well.
“Master Zhu, now that Chen Ping has become a fool, we can kill him anytime, now do you want to see, I tease this Chen Ping?”
Long Xiao said with a faint smile.
“How to tease?” Zhu Zhishan asked.
“Let the four people under you give off their breath, I have my own way ……”
Long Xiao bought a shut up.
Zhu Zhi Shan glanced at Xu Song and nodded slightly.
The aura from Xu Song’s four men instantly rose up and immediately came out of their bodies!
The four auras condensed together, while Long Xiao casually waved out a black mist.
The black mist followed Xu Song’s aura and began to merge, eventually transforming into a human form!
However, this human form could not be distinguished from a man or a woman, but Chen Ping, who had been blind, suddenly saw the illusionary human form and pushed away Dong Jiahao beside him!
“Yu Qi, Yu Qi …………”
Chen Ping hurriedly went forward and hugged the illusionary human form.
At this moment, in front of Chen Ping’s eyes, standing in front of him was none other than Su Yuqi in a white dress, who was faintly smiling at him.
When everyone saw this scene, they were all dumbfounded, confused as to what this Chen Ping was doing!
Dong Jiahao even tried to rush over and pull Chen Ping away!
Only to be instantly knocked away by a wave of Zhu Zhishan’s palm.
“Dong Jiahao, if you don’t want to die here, then leave Chen Ping alone ……”
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, he looked at Chen Ping with great interest!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s face was full of excitement and his eyes were red.
“Yu Qi, it’s all my fault, I wasn’t able to save you and made you suffer so much, from now on I will never let anyone take you away again.”
Chen Ping blamed himself as tears slipped down his face.
Everyone was watching Chen Ping mumbling to himself to an illusionary human form and couldn’t help but feel amused!
Ge Jiayi, on the other hand, had a few tears in her eyes. As a girl, what she actually valued most was this kind of affection from a man.