“Alright then, I’ll try ……” Liu Ruyan made up her mind and was ready to give it a try!
“Eldest Miss, I have a bottle of Hopeful San here, if that Chen Ping’s determination is too strong, you can use a little bit of it, by then that Chen Ping will definitely be obedient.”
The Third Elder said as he pulled out a porcelain bottle from his pocket!
Liu Ruyan took the porcelain bottle, her face was burning with pain, she was really a bit embarrassed to have a yellow girl like her do such a thing!
But for the sake of the Jade Tripod Sect, Liu Ruyan had no choice but to fight!
When Liu Ruyan walked out of the cave, Chen Ping was leaning against a big tree in boredom, blowing a whistle under his breath!
When he saw Liu Ruyan come out, Chen Ping was stunned and said, “Why did you come out? Where is the Third Elder?”
“The Third Elder has something else to do, I haven’t come out for a walk for a long time, can you accompany me around?”
Liu Ruyan exhaled like an orchid and asked Chen Ping!
Feeling that tone of Liu Ruyan’s voice, Chen Ping was a little surprised, not understanding when this Liu Ruyan had changed her nature?
“What? You don’t want to?” When Liu Ruyan saw that Chen Ping did not say anything, she immediately said with a small mouth!
Looking at Liu Ruyan’s pouty look, Chen Ping was a little bit happy!
“Alright, I’ll walk with you ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said!
Chen Ping followed Liu Ruyan as she walked through the jungle on the mountain, perhaps because she hadn’t been out of the cave for a few years, Liu Ruyan looked at the lush greenery and acted extraordinarily happy!
Looking at Liu Ruyan’s happy face, Chen Ping suddenly felt some heartache!
A girl with such a heavy burden on her shoulders, Chen Ping didn’t know if Liu Ruyan would be able to wrest the Jade Tripod Sect from Hu Yixiao’s hands!
“Chen Ping, where do you plan to go after you’ve come to our Jade Tripod Sect and soaked in the medicinal pool?”
Suddenly, Liu Ruyan asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was stunned, and for a moment, he didn’t even know how to answer!
There were too many things Chen Ping needed to do, he had to retrieve the Divine King’s Bow, find Su Yuqi and the girls, find Daoist Master Wuji to save the old woman, and go to the Fire Burning Sect to save the Alchemy Sect’s Patriarch, I was afraid that it was not good to follow Liu Ruyan on any of these matters!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not speak, Liu Ruyan hurriedly smiled and said “Since it is not convenient to say, then it is not necessary to say ……”
“I’m asking you, what do you think of our Jade Tripod Sect? Just within this thousand mile radius, our Jade Tripod Sect is the only pill refining sect that can gain the respect of many sects!”
“And our Jade Cauldron Sect follows many sects, and our Jade Cauldron Sect has even more resources than we can count.”
“Do you want to take all of these resources into your pocket?”
Liu Ruyan stared deadly into Chen Ping’s eyes, a few tender feelings in her eyes!
Chen Ping did not dare to look at Liu Ruyan’s eyes, dodging his eyes and said “I don’t understand what you mean by that?”
“I’m not going to beat around the bush, I want to form a daoist couple with you, then this Jade Tripod Sect will be all yours.”
“And I’m yours too, maybe I’m not as good as your other women, but I can make you want to die!”
Liu Ruyan had gone out of her way, and as she said these words, Liu Ruyan’s face had long since turned red!
“You …… you want to form a daoist couple with me?” Chen Ping was full of surprise!
He did not expect that Liu Ruyan could even say such words!
“Yes!”
Liu Ruyan nodded “As long as you help me take back the Jade Tripod Sect, I’ll be your woman, and by then you’ll have both fame and fortune, won’t that be great?”
Hearing Liu Ruyan’s words, Chen Ping instantly smiled, it seemed that the reason why this Liu Ruyan said this was entirely because she wanted her help to retake the Jade Tripod Sect!
“What are you laughing at? Is it not the right thing to say? If you help me retake the Jade Tripod Sect, when we form a dao couple, you can stay in the Jade Tripod Sect and cultivate without worry, the entire Jade Tripod Sect is yours, and I can serve you anytime when you need it!”
Liu Ruyan said to Chen Ping with a serious face.