“Mr. Chen misunderstood, in fact I did not poison you, the reason why your girlfriend is unconscious is just that she is under a spell, I just need to undo the spell and Mr. Chen’s girlfriend will naturally wake up ……”
Gu Kaiyuan hurriedly explained.
After hearing this, Chen Ping realized why he could not find out what poison Gu Ling’er had been poisoned with, even Xu Changsheng and the others were at their wits’ end.
It turned out that there was no poisoning at all, just a spell of coma!
“Then hurry up and undo the spell now!”
Chen Ping urged.
“Mr. Chen, where is your girlfriend? I need to see your girlfriend before I can undo the spell.”
Gu Kaiyuan asked.
“It’s inside your Gu Family’s five-star hotel, you come with me, if the spell is lifted and Ling’er still doesn’t wake up, I will make your Gu Family disappear in the entire Northwest.”
Chen Ping said with cold eyes as he looked at Gu Kaiyuan.
“Don’t worry Mr. Chen, I’ll go and make sure your girlfriend will wake up ……”
Gu Kaiyuan hurriedly a*sured.
Gu Kaiyuan followed Chen Ping towards the hotel, and as he was leaving, Gu Kaiyuan gave a wink towards his butler, Uncle Zhong.
When Chen Ping led Gu Kaiyuan to the hotel, Gu Kaiyuan did not follow Chen Ping to help Gu Ling’er undo the spell, but sat in the hotel lobby and sipped tea, the kind of groveling on Gu Kaiyuan’s face disappeared and was replaced by a few moments of smugness!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, “Gu Kaiyuan, what do you mean by that?”
Gu Kaiyuan said with a smug look on his face, “Nothing, if you want me to help your girlfriend undo the spell you can, hand over the little treasure you have, as well as the dragon crystal inside you, to me, and I will consider whether to help you or not.”
Chen Ping froze, then his eyes narrowed and a murderous aura rose from his body, “Gu Kaiyuan, you’re looking for death ……”
Chen Ping said, charging towards Gu Kaiyuan with big steps.
“Am I looking for death, you can watch a video first ……”
When Gu Kaiyuan finished speaking, he casually picked up a remote control and turned on the screen inside the lobby!
On the screen instantly appeared the figure of Gu Ling’er, who was being controlled by two people, who at the moment had long since woken up and was not in a coma.
Gu Ling’er’s eyes were tinged with a bit of panic as she kept questioning who the two people controlling her were!
As Chen Ping watched the scene on the screen, the killing intent in his body instantly rose to its peak, and his eyes were red as he looked at Gu Kaiyuan!
“You don’t need to look at me like that, if you don’t want your girlfriend to die, then just be a good boy and give up!”
Gu Kaiyuan did not care in the slightest about Chen Ping’s anger.
The anger in Chen Ping’s body gradually disappeared and finally calmed down.
“I can give you anything you want, but I have to meet my girlfriend first before I can give it to you ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“No problem, you come with me ……”
Gu Kaiyuan turned off the video and took Chen Ping back to the manor freshly!
After entering the manor, he kept leading Chen Ping towards the back of the manor, which was thousands of acres in size and could not be seen at a glance.
The two of them walked until they reached a very old villa, and only then did they stop!
The villa was ten storeys high, and looking at the shape and walls, it was afraid that the time was several decades old.
Chen Ping did not understand what Gu Kaiyuan was doing by leaving such an old and outdated building within his estate.
As Gu Kaiyuan stood at the entrance, his mouth reciting the words, the heavy iron door at the entrance suddenly opened slowly.
Only when Chen Ping followed Gu Kaiyuan inside did he realise that there was something else inside this outdated villa!
One could only see that there were gold-plated ornaments everywhere inside, as well as many gilt Buddha statues.
At a glance, it was extremely luxurious.
After the two men walked in, the heavy iron door behind them closed, and a mysterious and ancient aura penetrated Chen Ping’s body directly, sealing the dantian inside him!