Lin Keting’s words caused Chen Ping to look at her a little more, guessing what her status was that she wasn’t even interested in Immortal Techniques?
However, Chen Ping wasn’t too interested either, knowing that all the various techniques he had learnt were also taught by people from the Heavenly Realm!
There was no need to mention the Heart Concentration Technique, that was the top gongfu even in the Heavenly Realm!
The Sacred Light Fist, the various Divine Patterns, and the Heavenly Underworld Eye, which were not all very impressive techniques in the Heavenly Realm!
Chen Ping did not need to follow the records on the boulder to learn any techniques, if he really wanted to learn, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was much more intelligent than those Immortals!
How to say that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was also a figure of the 8th Heavenly Realm, not something that could be compared to an ordinary lesser Immortal!
“Some ordinary Immortal level techniques are just that, not interested, let’s just look for any other treasures!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping’s words caused Lin Keting to faintly stare, she couldn’t help but measure Chen Ping with curiosity in her eyes, this time she became even more curious about Chen Ping’s identity.
At this moment, Chen Ping and Lin Keting both had great curiosity about each other’s identities, only that neither of them had completely made it clear!
The two people had only just met, and had not yet reached the kind of friendship where they put their hearts and souls together!
Ji Yun, Zhu Qingxiu and that Right Blind Elder almost died of anger when they heard what Chen Ping and Lin Keting said!
The fact that these two people were not interested in Immortal level techniques did not mean that others were not interested as well!
But now that Chen Ping had said it, Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu couldn’t say anything else!
“Since you’re not interested, then don’t delay here any longer ……”
Lin Keting finished speaking and started walking forwards!
Chen Ping followed behind, although the others were reluctant to part, they could only follow!
Chen Ping watched that Lin Keting, because there was a Spirit Vertigo Formation here, so the probability was that this Lin Keting would not be able to walk out!
But who knows, Lin Ke Ting travelled through the boulders, and in the end, she even walked out of the boulder formation!
Chen Ping was amazed, could it be that Lin Keting was also a formation master?
Did she see the formation in the boulder?
Chen Ping quickly caught up with Lin Ke Ting and opened his mouth to ask, but for a moment, he did not know how to speak!
If he opened his mouth, Chen Ping would have to reveal that he had discovered that there was a Spirit Enchantment Formation in the boulder, and if Lin Ke Ting asked why Chen Ping had not told him about it in advance, Chen Ping would be very embarrassed!
But if he didn’t open his mouth, Chen Ping was very curious in his heart and wanted to know whether this Lin Keting was a formation master or not!
Just when Chen Ping was in a dilemma, not knowing how to open his mouth, that Lin Ke Ting suddenly stopped and looked at Chen Ping with a playful face, “Did you find out that there is a Vertigo Formation in that boulder?”
“Ah ……,” Chen Ping froze, then nodded!
“I could tell long ago that you had already discovered the Vertigo Formation in that boulder, you still don’t tell me, do you want to wait for me to get caught in the formation, and then you’ll step in to solve it, so that you can pretend to be a pussy in front of me?”
Lin Keting unexpectedly asked so bluntly at Chen Ping!
This time, it could make Chen Ping’s face red with questions and he did not know what to do!
Chen Ping also did have that idea, that by then Lin Keting and the others would pay attention to themselves, and he would be able to pretend to be a pussy!
But now, pretending didn’t work out, but was slapped in the face ……
Embarrassed ……
“Miss Lin, could it be that you are also a formation master?”
Chen Ping asked with great embarrassment!
“Of course I am not a formation master, I know nothing about formations ……”
Lin Keting shook her head!
“Ah?”Chen Ping froze, “Then you ……”
Chen Ping was curious to know, Lin Keting didn’t know anything about formations, how did she get out of the Boulder Vertigo Formation?
Without knowing about formations, how did she open the entrance formation of that Divine Demon Battlefield?
Lin Keting smiled, and then spread her right hand out, just letting Chen Ping look at the runes on her palm, and then smiled as she continued on her way!
Chen Ping also instantly understood that it was all due to that rune on Lin Keting’s palm!
But in the end what kind of person drew the runes on Lin Keting’s palm, and this rune seemed to be omnipotent, it was simply too magical!