“It seems that there are formation masters within these people, the formation of this spirit boat is well arranged!”
Chen Ping thought secretly in his heart, then his divine sense just expanded!
At this time, the young man who led the people to salvage the corpses of the demonic beasts, somewhat disgustedly pinched his nose, waved his hand and said, “Well, just salvage the corpses of two demonic beasts at random.”
“It’s just for show, really get too many back, they all stink ……”
The other disciples of the Sky-Shattering Dharma Sect salvaged two demonic beasts and then went back to hand in their duties!
However, these were all detected by Chen Ping’s divine sense, looking at the corpses of those demonic beasts on the sea surface, but these people casually salvaged a few heads and left, obviously not running towards the corpses of demonic beasts!
Retracting his divine sense, Chen Ping then waved towards Chen Wenliang and also Zhong Yi!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, what’s wrong?”
Chen Wenliang asked!
“President Chen, Pill Duke Zhong, let’s go inside the room and talk!”
Chen Ping led the two of them into a room, and then laid down a shielding formation to ensure that what they said would not be overheard!
“What’s wrong, being secretive, is there something you’ve discovered?”
Chen Wenliang asked!
“Not bad, I have a feeling that these people on the spirit boat, are not simple, it’s not like they are here to salvage demonic beast corpses, it’s more like they are running towards us.”
Chen Ping said!
“How could that be? And how would they know that we are trapped in this place place?”
Zhong Qi asked in disbelief!
“I can’t explain it clearly right now, but I always feel that these people are not quite right.”
“Moreover, this spirit boat has laid down many formations, which are complex and delicate, and are obviously the work of formation experts.”
Chen Ping said!
“What’s wrong with that, perhaps some of these people of theirs know the art of formations, after all, there are quite a few demonic cultivators who know formations as well.”
Chen Wenliang said!
“Yeah, it’s not surprising that some of them know formation techniques.”Zhong Qi followed suit.
“Anyway, it’s good for us to be careful and cautious, tell everyone to brace themselves.”
Chen Ping didn’t have any evidence right now to prove that these people were all running towards them, so he couldn’t rely on speculation to turn the tables!
If the feeling was wrong, wouldn’t that be treating good intentions like a donkey’s liver and lungs!
“Alright, I’ll tell everyone to be careful.”
Chen Wenliang nodded and said!
After instructing the crowd, Chen Ping led Chen Wenliang and Zhong Yi together towards the deck!
They had to see with their own eyes just how many demonic beast corpses these people had salvaged!
However, when the three of them reached the doorway of the cabin, they were still stopped by two cultivators!
“Now that we’re all out of the stormy seas, there’s no danger anymore, why don’t you let us go up to the deck?”
“You guys don’t have any intentions, do you, blocking us like this?”
Chen Wenliang asked the two blocking cultivators!
Since Chen Ping had already reminded over, Chen Wenliang also raised his guard!
“President Chen, I’m really sorry, this is Boss Liu’s instructions, we have to obey before we can do so.”
One of the cultivators said!
“That’s your Boss Liu, not ours, why should we obey? It’s too stuffy here, we have to get some air on the deck!”
Zhong Qi was very displeased and was about to force his way up!
The two cultivators, on the other hand, were desperately trying to block it, and a quarrel broke out!
Chen Ping quietly watched the situation and did not block it, he wanted to see how that so-called Boss Liu would resolve it!
“Stop, how can you disrespect your guests?”
Elder Liu came and loudly rebuked the two cultivators!
“Boss Liu, they had to go to the deck, we stopped them and didn’t allow it, so there was a conflict!”
A cultivator said!
“Boss Liu, although you saved us and we are very grateful, we can’t restrict our personal freedom, right?”
“We just want to go to the deck to get some air, why are you still stopping us?”
Chen Wenliang asked with great dissatisfaction!