But just as he walked into the Mu Family, a terrifying aura suddenly struck him!
“What kind of person, dares to trespass into our Mu Family ……”
With a flash of a figure, followed by an overwhelming aura attacked!
Seeing this, Tan Rongkun frowned slightly as he swung his palm violently, instantly blocking that aura!
“Who exactly are you people? Dare to break into our Mu Family?”
Chief Liu appeared, and a large number of Mu Family’s children also poured out from all directions!
The few people from Tan Rongkun were instantly surrounded!
However, seeing Tan Rongkun’s cultivation of the second rank of the Mahayana Realm, these people of the Mu Family didn’t make a move!
“I came to find your Young Master Mu Qing, but your guards wouldn’t let me in!”
“I had no choice but to barge in ……”
Tan Rongkun said!
“Our young master Mu Qing doesn’t see anyone, get out now before I get angry or don’t blame me for being rude!”
Chief Liu said with a cold face!
“What if I don’t leave?”
Tan Rongkun smiled coldly!
“If you don’t leave, then leave your life behind ……,” Chief Steward Liu said, his body’s aura constantly bulging, ready to strike at any time!
“Chief Steward Liu, no insolence!”
At this moment, Mu Qing rushed out and hurriedly shouted at Chief Steward Liu!
After running in front of Tan Rongkun, Mu Qing then respectfully said, “Senior Uncle, what brings you here?”
“Mu Qing, don’t call me Senior Uncle, when Eldest Senior Brother taught you the technique, it was also an exchange of benefits, not a worship.”
“Eldest senior brother is in seclusion, but he’s worried about your competition, so he asked me to come over to take a look, and in the meantime, bring some cultivators over to the Blood and Bone Sect!”
Tan Rongkun said to Mu Qing!
“Young master, who is this person?”
Chief Steward Liu looked at that Tan Rongkun and asked in confusion!
“Chief Steward Liu, all these years that I have been learning outside, I have learnt from these people from the Blood and Bone Sect, otherwise my strength wouldn’t have been able to grow so fast.”
“There are also the cultivators who make my father prepare every year, and they are all sent to the Blood and Bone Sect ……”
Mu Qing introduced!
When Chief Liu heard this, he hurriedly changed his smile and said to Tan Rongkun, “Fellow Daoist, I’m really sorry, I’ve just been offended more!”
Tan Rongkun, on the other hand, waved his hand and said graciously, “There’s no harm in that, those who don’t know don’t sin.”
“Senior Uncle, you have never been to the Mu Clan, this time have a good time here for two days, after I finish my match with that Chen Ping, I will go back with you.”
“For the matter of the cultivators, I’ll have Chief Liu take care of it, and make sure that you have enough of the cultivators you need with you when you leave!”
Mu Qing said after Tan Rongkun respectfully!
“Good, then I’ll have a good time for two days, and in the meantime, let’s see what’s so great about that fellow called Chen Ping!”
Tan Rongkun nodded!
After all, he rarely left the Blood and Bone Sect, and living amongst the withered bones all day long was quite tedious!
Two days later, there was a sea of people at the ring in South End City!
Today was the day that Chen Ping followed Mu Qing in the match, and although not many people knew about the match between the two at first, after the great publicity of the Wantong Pavilion, many people from the entire Southern Domain now rushed to watch the action!
The Wantong Pavilion was taking advantage of this opportunity to make a huge profit, this was businessman thinking, and would not consider Chen Ping and Mu Qing’s feelings!
Since things had come to this, Chen Ping and Mu Qing both admitted it, anyway, whether anyone was watching or not, both of them were in a life and death fight, and one of them would surely die on top of the ring!
“Get out of the way, all get out of the way ……”
Along with a shout, the crowd around the ring slowly parted a path.
Only to see Mu Qing walking towards the ring with a proud face, behind Mu Qing were dozens of Mu Family’s children, as well as that Tan Rongkun also following around!
Seeing Mu Qing appear, many people began to shout in excitement!