“Friends?” The Palace Master froze.
All the disciples of the Guanghan Palace looked on incredulously.
One had to know that in this Heavenly Human Realm were all egoistic, all interests were paramount, and there were very few friendships, they were all exchanges of benefits!
But Chen Ping called out to so many friends at once, how could this not shock the crowd.
“Mr Chen, how do you …… you have so many friends ah?”
Bing Lu asked in disbelief.
“These are only friends from the Southern Region, if I count those from other regions, I have even more friends.”
Chen Ping said in a slightly bragging tone.
However, it was also true that Chen Ping was able to contact more people, Yi He, the Jade Tripod Sect, the Ji Family …………
These people reckoned that with a word from Chen Ping, all of them would not hesitate to go to the fire!
The Guanghan Palace Palace Master looked at Chen Ping in fascination, she found herself liking Chen Ping more and more!
If she wasn’t bound by the rules of Guanghan Palace, she couldn’t wait to give it to Chen Ping right away!
This kind of man was worth every woman’s effort!
Soon, Luo Shouhai and the others had also arrived in front of the Gate of Guanghan Palace!
Chen Ping then introduced these people one by one to the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace!
“This is the Blood Spirit Valley Luo Valley Master.”
“This is Hall Master Song of the Soulless Hall.”
“Patriarch Luo of the Five Great Clans, Patriarch Chen.”
“Sheng Family Master of the Sheng Family.”
“Jiang Yulian of the Soul Demon Sect, Ochre Yan.”
“Of the three kings and four kings of the Beast Clan, the Lion King, Monkey King, Leopard King, Thousand-faced Demon King, and this is the Fox Royal Daughter.”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, Bai Qian then stepped forward and said to the Palace Master of Guang Han Palace, “Welcome to the ranks of Chen Ping’s women ……”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master was stunned, and then her face turned red!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, coughed in embarrassment!
“Bai Shallow, don’t talk nonsense, what is the status of the Palace Master of Guang Han Palace, can you talk nonsense, people have rules.”
Chen Ping glared at Bai Shallow!
“Master, don’t hide it, there is definitely something going on with you two, you can tell from the two of you eyes, you have to trust our women’s intuition.”
Fire Phoenix laughed at the side.
“That’s right, you’re still hiding, dry is dry, there’s also that Sheng family’s Missy, all the way to look at your eyes are stretched, although you two didn’t speak, but definitely slept.”
“Am I right ah, Sheng family sister ……”
Bai Shao asked as she looked at Sheng Jiahui!
Sheng Jiahui blushed and hurriedly lowered her head, embarrassed!
Fire Phoenix on the other hand spoke, “No need to be embarrassed, to be able to become master’s woman, that’s a blessing cultivated over a thousand years.”
“Master has many women, it’s not just the few of us.”
“Cough cough cough, let’s just go inside and talk about it, then discuss the matter of the imperial enemy.”
Chen Ping hurriedly interrupted the Fire Phoenix, then greeted the crowd and entered the Guanghan Palace!
If this went on, there was no telling what these two women would say!
The crowd all looked at Chen Ping’s awkward appearance and laughed out loud!
A beautiful woman with a hero is a beautiful story in the world!
Chen Ping was a hero, so it was only right that he was surrounded by beautiful women!
When the crowd entered the Guanghan Palace, the Palace Master immediately ordered the doors to be closed!
Chen Ping then began to assign tasks!
Although the Mu Family hadn’t attacked Guanghan Palace yet, no one knew at what moment the Mu Family would return, so they had to prepare in advance!
Chen Ping had Sheng Bushi lead the Sheng family to draw more talismans, while he himself placed a large number of defensive and offensive spell formations in front of the gates of the Guanghan Palace!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace had also taken out all of Guanghan Palace’s resources, since people were here to help, Guanghan Palace could not afford to be stingy!
Just as Chen Ping led the crowd and constructed a large number of defences in Guanghan Palace!
The Mu Family’s crowd was also quietly looking forward to the Mu Family Head’s exit!
“Butler Liu, why didn’t you send someone to inform me of such a big matter?”
At this moment, a chastising voice came out!