With these words from Chen Ping, Lin Tianhu knew what to do, and no matter how much that Dong begged for mercy, he was still taken into the car by Lin Tianhu, and all that awaited him was death!
The woman was dumbfounded as she watched her husband being taken away and looked at the Maserati, which had been smashed to pieces.
It was only after a while that the manager, Zhang, followed by the many security guards, reacted and said to the guards, “In future, if you see Mr. Chen, be respectful to me, and whoever dares to be disrespectful to Mr. Chen, get out of my way immediately ……”
At this time, Chen Ping was driving up the mountain, and had just walked a bit when he ran into Cui Zhiyuan and the others again, who had already seen the house and were being led by the sales lady to prepare to leave!
Seeing that Chen Ping had come in with the battered Changan in front of him, everyone was stunned, they couldn’t figure out how Chen Ping had gotten in!
“This Chen Ping must have driven in while no one was looking, probably because he was afraid of getting beaten up ……”
Wang Lanlan said as she looked at Chen Ping’s smashed front end!
“This guy has a lot of guts, he even dares to break into Pan Long Bay ……”
Cui Zhiyuan said with a cold laugh!
Hearing the conversation between the two, the sales lady seemed to think of something and immediately rushed over and stopped Chen Ping!
If Chen Ping really did barge in, now that she had stopped him, the company would definitely reward her when the time came!
The salesgirl was naive, as she didn’t belong to the property, so she didn’t know about Chen Ping living in Pan Long Bay!
“How dare you, how dare you drive in here ……”
The sales lady questioned loudly after stopping Chen Ping!
Chen Ping slightly froze: “I drove straight in, I didn’t barge in, your manager saw it all ……”
“Chen Ping, don’t be soph*moric, look at what your car has crashed into, you must be afraid of getting beaten up, driving in, I guess there are people chasing you behind you, right?”
Wang Lan Lan also came over with a sneer on her face!
“Chen Ping, only the owners here can enter the district, we bought a house, or were brought in, you don’t buy a house, nor are you an owner, you rushed in directly, what is this if not breaking in?”
Cui Zhiyuan asked with the corner of his mouth raised!
“Who told you that I’m not a property owner?” Chen Ping said indifferently!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, everyone was stunned, and the sales lady hurriedly asked, “You bought a house here? Why don’t I have an impression?”
The salesgirl sized up Chen Ping, feeling that Chen Ping didn’t even look like someone who could buy a house here, and since all the people who bought houses here were either rich or noble, many of the salesgirls knew each other and even had contact details!
“Chen Ping, can you stop bragging? Do you know how much the houses here cost? Just talk about these houses at the foot of the hill, even the smallest house type, you won’t be able to afford it in your lifetime, and you still dare to say you are the owner here?”
Cui Zhiyuan said with a look of contempt, “I have been a manager for so many years, and with the bonus commission, I can only buy the cheapest house here, and it’s just a down payment, you are a guy who just came out, how can you have money to buy a house? I think you can’t even afford to buy a house in the suburbs, you only deserve to live in the old and dilapidated district!”
Cui Zhiyuan’s face was full of disdain, he didn’t believe Chen Ping would buy a house here at all!
Not only did Cui Zhiyuan not believe it, Wang Lanlan and Sun Xiaomeng didn’t believe it either, if Chen Ping was capable of buying a house here, why would he need Sun Xiaomeng to find him a job!
“This gentleman, since you said you are the owner here, then you point out that the house is yours? You don’t have to think about deceiving me, because I know who owns the houses here ……”
The sales lady asked at Chen Ping.
“Yes, you have the ability to point out which set is yours? Why don’t we go to your house and sit down?”
Wang Lanlan asked with a wry smile.