Chen Ping directly peeled off the collar of that Sheng family member, only to see that at the back of this Sheng family member’s neck, there was a very subtle black spot, which could not be seen at all if one did not look closely!
Chen Ping’s palm gently sucked, only to see a poisonous thorn as thin as a cow’s hair fly out from within that black spot!
“They died from being stabbed by the poisonous thorn, that’s why they are hallucinating, it’s not because of the illusion formation, now you can suck out the poisonous thorn from their bodies!”
Chen Ping said to Sheng Bushi!
Sheng Bushi looked at the poisonous thorns in Chen Ping’s hand that were as thin as a cow’s hair, and his eyes were filled with astonishment!
Such a tiny poisonous thorn, Chen Ping was even able to spot it!
Soon, Sheng Bushi and the Grand Elder sucked out all the poisonous thorns from the bodies of those Sheng family members!
At this time everyone was in awe of Chen Ping!
“All of you follow behind me, don’t walk recklessly, the plants and also the animals here, all of them have mutated due to the presence of immortal qi, they are hard to deal with!”
Chen Ping reminded the crowd!
“All listen to Mr Chen, no one is allowed to walk around in chaos!”
Sheng Bushi yelled at the Sheng family’s crowd!
Under Chen Ping’s leadership, the crowd walked under the mountain peak!
However, the peak could be seen from afar, but when they got closer, they realised that the peak had disappeared!
“Mr Chen, there must still be a spell formation here, is it a blindfold? A mountain peak that high, unexpectedly disappeared ……”
Sheng Bushi asked in confusion!
“Family head, it shouldn’t be as simple as an eye barrier, it’s probably some illusion formation ……”
The Grand Elder retorted!
Both of them all looked towards Chen Ping, after all, they were not sure about their guesses and could only wait for Chen Ping to say it!
On this journey, without Chen Ping, even if they broke that big formation, they still didn’t know how much they would have to lose!
“This is not a blindfold, much less an illusionary formation, the reason we can’t see the mountain peak is because we have already walked into it!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he gently waved his palm, and a hurricane suddenly blew up in front of him where the immortal mist surrounded!
The immortal mist was directly blown away, while the crowd realised that they were actually already halfway up the mountain peak!
Even more surprising to them is that in this halfway up the mountain, there is a huge gentle land, there are a few buildings here, these buildings are not the celestial realm at a glance, although these buildings are very old, but still exudes a magnificent atmosphere!
Above these buildings, there were even seven-coloured auspicious clouds floating around, and the immortal aura was constantly dazzling!
“How can there be buildings here ……? Could it be that after the God-Devil War, someone still lives here?”
“Could this be a real immortal clan?”
“Looking at the building, although it’s old and not very big, it has that Immortal Clan’s grandeur.”
Everyone in the Sheng Family felt very shocked as they looked at the building that had suddenly appeared before them!
Sheng Bushi and the Grand Elder were also stunned, their eyes filled with incredulity!
Also feeling incredulous was Chen Ping, who had also not arrived first, how could a sect appear in the middle of this Divine Demon Battlefield?
If these buildings were not sects, then what was the point of building them?
“Mr Chen, what should we do? Should we continue up the mountain, or should we explore these buildings first?”
Sheng Bushi asked Chen Ping!
“Of course we should explore the situation, if there are no treasures in these buildings, don’t stay too long and leave immediately!”
“But everyone must be careful, the sudden appearance of buildings in a place like this is not a good thing, beware of organised spell formations!”
Chen Ping reminded Sheng Bushi!
The reason why Chen Ping didn’t propose to explore the place himself was because he was afraid that Sheng Bushi would think too much!
Although Sheng Boshi had said that he would share all the treasures with himself, Chen Ping couldn’t possibly keep all of it to himself, that would be a bit too unjustifiable!