“No, there’s no way for you guys to fully digest this stuff if you inhale too much of it, and you guys don’t cultivate fire techniques, much less Demon Supreme Fire.”
Ning Zhi finished speaking and put away that furnace cauldron!
Just as Ning Zhi had finished speaking, suddenly his entire body just froze, as he had detected Chen Ping’s aura!
“Chen Ping’s scent, this guy surprisingly didn’t run far at all.”
“Eunuch Ning, let’s hurry up and go after him ……”
The green-clothed cultivator also sensed Chen Ping’s aura and said excitedly!
“Wait!”
Ning Zhi waved his hand, directly stopping the demonic cultivator, and then frowned slightly, “This Chen Ping is no fool, just now none of us had sensed his aura, but now he suddenly appeared, what does this represent?”
“What does it represent?”The green-clothed cultivator asked in disbelief!
“It means that this Chen Ping is deliberately giving off his aura just to make us find him, it seems that he has long been ready and waiting for us to go.”
Ning Zhi read Chen Ping’s mind with a single glance!
It had to be said that this fellow, Ning Zhi, was also thoughtful and knew Chen Ping like the back of his hand!
“Then how dare Chen Ping wait for us to go? Could it be that he has found helpers?”
“There are so many of us, we still need to be afraid of him, even if he has found a helper, throughout the Eastern Continent, how many people are a match for Prince Ning.”
That green-clothed cultivator gave Ning Zhi a pat on the back!
“Of course I’m not afraid of him, he’s deliberately provoking me.”
The corners of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted, then he headed in the direction of Chen Ping’s scent!
The dozen or so demonic cultivators also hurriedly chased after him closely!
In fact, Chen Ping had known that he would expect that he was deliberately exposing his scent and then luring him over!
But Chen Ping still did so, because he also understood Ning Zhi!
Ning Zhi was a very arrogant fellow, even if he knew that he had deliberately given off his breath to lure him over, Ning Zhi would definitely come!
Chen Ping and Ning Zhi could be said to understand each other!
Only Chen Ping and Ning Zhi’s true undercard strength, they were unknown to each other!
Ning Zhi was on his way, his entire body’s aura surging, and there was even a lot of black aura surrounding his body!
He also exposed his entire aura, thinking that he knew that Chen Ping would not be fleeing even if he knew he was coming!
This time, it was the time for the two of them to understand their grudge!
The endless black Qi slowly condensed into a dozen long swords, all of which were hanging high above Ning Zhi’s head!
At this very moment, Ning Zhi was ready to fight, since Chen Ping had already prepared himself long ago, Ning Zhi had to just prepare in advance as well!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, who was at the bottom of the sea, felt Ning Zhi’s aura that had erupted and knew that this fellow had already arrived!
In Chen Ping’s eyes, a thick killing intent surged!
After such a long time, it was indeed time for him to understand the grudge he had followed Ning Zhi!
This fellow living in the Celestial Realm, Chen Ping always felt like a threat!
Soon, Ning Zhi arrived at Chen Ping’s location with a dozen or so devil cultivators!
At this moment, the wind and waves on the surface of that Dead Sea were calm, without a single wave!
While Ning Zhi watched the bottom of the sea, he knew that Chen Ping was inside the sea, and the calmness of the sea at this moment was the sign before the storm!
Ning Zhi’s divine sense continued to extend all the way to the bottom of the sea!
Chen Ping’s position was instantly locked by Ning Zhi!
“This fellow is actually hiding at the bottom of the sea again, unaware that we’ve discovered him long ago.”
“This fool, we found him the last time he hid at the bottom of the sea, this time he even came back, does he think that this Dead Sea can stop us?”
The corners of the green-clothed cultivator’s mouth rose slightly, his face full of mockery and cold laughter, he did not know that Chen Ping was doing it on purpose, if Chen Ping wanted to hide his whereabouts, he could have used the concealment formation to hide his aura, and they would not have been able to find it at all!