“You …………”
Ye Liancheng looked at Chen Ping angrily, itching to eat Chen Ping in one bite!
“Come on, hit me ……”
Chen Ping provoked Ye Liancheng!
In this Holy Pool, the two of them were 50-50, Chen Ping was not afraid at all!
Looking at Chen Ping’s arrogant and domineering appearance, Ye Liancheng hated his teeth!
“Feng’er, give me the Fire Spirit Bead, you go back to the shore first, and when I kill this brat, you’ll remould your bloodline!”
Ye Liancheng knew that if he could not utilise his full strength, there was no way he could kill Chen Ping.
In order to exert his full strength, he had to move the spiritual power that resisted the icy cold Qi of the Sacred Pool, and now the only way to do so was to use the Fire Spirit Bead to help him resist the cold Qi!
Ye Feng nodded and swam towards Ye Liancheng!
When Chen Ping saw this, he chopped his sword towards Ye Feng, he could not let Ye Liancheng get the Fire Spirit Pearl!
If Ye Liancheng got the Fire Spirit Pearl, then everything would be over!
The sword awn was heading straight towards Ye Feng and it scared Ye Feng so much that he hurriedly stopped his figure and kept retreating backwards!
While Ye Feng was retreating, the Fire Spirit Pearl in his hand was thrown directly towards Ye Liancheng!
The fire spirit bead was out of his hand, and Ye Feng only felt the ice cold entering his body, and was so scared that he kept floating upwards.
Ye Liancheng, on the other hand, reached out and grabbed it, and a suction force adsorbed the Fire Spirit Bead quickly towards himself!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also grabbed towards the Fire Spirit Pearl!
Only to see Chen Ping’s feet ignite with flames, the Royal Fire Steps were directly executed, and his speed instantly became much faster!
Seeing Chen Ping trying to grab the Fire Spirit Bead, Ye Liancheng waved his hand and directly struck out three spiritual lights!
If Chen Ping did not dodge, he would definitely be hit by the spirit lights!
Seeing that he was about to get his hands on the Fire Spirit Pearl, Chen Ping gritted his teeth and allowed the three spirit lights to hit him without dodging!
The very moment Chen Ping’s hand grabbed the Fire Spirit Bead, the three spirit lights also hit Chen Ping!
There was a loud rumbling sound!
The water in the Sacred Pool continued to tumble, while Chen Ping was directly sent flying!
“Hand over the Fire Spirit Pearl ……”
Ye Liancheng roared angrily as he saw that Chen Ping had got the Fire Spirit Pearl and rushed over!
Chen Ping adjusted his breath and smiled towards that Ye Liancheng, then opened his mouth and actually swallowed the Fire Spirit Pearl!
Seeing Chen Ping eat the Fire Spirit Pearl, Ye Liancheng was furious and stormed!
Without the Fire Spirit Bead, there was no way for his son to remake his bloodline before entering the Sacred Pool!
“Go to hell ……”
Ye Liancheng roared, directly slapping out a terrifying palm!
With this palm, Ye Liancheng used all of his spiritual energy, and even stopped resisting the icy cold aura of that Sacred Pool!
A huge vortex appeared in the holy pool and flew towards Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw this, then his body quickly sank downwards!
He didn’t dare to resist this palm of Ye Liancheng any longer!
Seeing Chen Ping actually heading towards the bottom of the pool, Ye Liancheng wanted to continue chasing after him, but the icy cold aura caused his body to tremble violently!
The helpless Ye Liancheng could only quickly float out of the water not daring to chase Chen Ping!
When Ye Liancheng surfaced, Ye Feng rushed over!
“Dad, how’s it going, did you get that guy killed?”
Ye Feng asked!
“No, the Fire Spirit Pearl was also taken away and swallowed by him.”
Ye Liancheng’s face was full of atmosphere!
“Ah?” Ye Feng was stunned “Then what should I do? Without the Fire Spirit Pearl, how can I remould my bloodline?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll stand guard here, I don’t believe that he won’t come out for the rest of his life, as soon as he shows his head, I’ll directly kill him and take the Fire Spirit Pearl out of his stomach.”
Ye Liancheng comforted Ye Feng!
Ye Feng nodded and could only wait!
At this time, the sounds of fighting in the Ye family had also stopped, Sheng Bushi and Sheng Jiayue were rescued, and the Sheng family members had all withdrawn!
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man and the others also followed and withdrew, originally they still wanted to find Chen Ping, but they were persuaded by Sheng Bushi to leave the Ye family!
However, they did not return to the Sheng family, but found a place in Ye City and waited for news of Chen Ping!
If there was no news from Chen Ping for a long time, they would enter the Ye Family again!