“Pour the wine yourself. ……”
Mr. Shi said.
Chen Ping snapped out of his shock and then poured himself a gla*s of wine!
The two men began to drink and chatted as they did so ……
“Doesn’t it feel good to have destroyed the island’s shrine and become a god in the hearts of the islanders?”
Mr Shi asked.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but just nodded his head!
He did feel great in his heart, and was bursting with self-confidence at the moment.
He felt that with his current strength, he could completely wipe out that Demon Heart Sect!
Seeing that look on Chen Ping’s face, Mr. Shi smiled lightly, “But I have to tell you, even if you could dominate the entire Martial Dao Realm right now, it would be no big deal, because these people in the Martial Dao Realm are not taken seriously at all!”
“There are countless experts in the secret realm, even the forces behind the Martial Dao Alliance will never be as unbearable as you see ……”
“You still have a long, long road ahead of you ……”
Mr. Shi said slowly, and his expression became increasingly grave!
Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi, he always felt that after so long, he never really looked through Mr. Shi!
Including Mr. Shi strength, Chen Ping now also confused!
“Mr. Shi, do you know about the Celestial Human Realm?”
At this moment, Chen Ping remembered what the Blood Demon had told him about the Celestial Human Realm!
Chen Ping didn’t know what the Celestial Human Realm was at all.
“Who told you about the Celestial Human Realm?”
Mr Shi said with a slight frown.
Chen Ping followed Mr. Shi and told him everything that had happened on Penglai Island, and when he heard that it was the Blood Demon who had said it, Mr. Shi’s face visibly calmed down a lot!
“Since you want to know, then I will tell you that under the entire space-time, there are countless worlds that exist, only because they are in different dimensions of space-time, they can’t be felt at all!”
“Just like the secret realm you’ve discovered now, although it’s in the same space-time, not many people know about the existence of the secret realm!”
“And this Celestial Realm is also a world, only that it is no longer in the same dimension as the current one ……”
“When you are truly strong enough to reach time travel, you will be able to go to other worlds at will!”
Mr. Shi explained after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi in amazement, he couldn’t understand how on earth did Mr. Shi know all this?
A meal was served, and as Chen Ping left, there were many mixed emotions within him!
Originally, he had absorbed the strength of so many Martial Saints in the island country, and had already reached the fifth rank of Martial Saints himself, an existence that was invincible in the entire martial world, making Chen Ping somewhat drifting, which was why he thought that the first thing he would do after returning to his country was to destroy the Demon Heart Sect!
But now, after listening to Mr. Shi’s words, and after Mr. Shi had casually waved his wine cup at the beginning, making his arm go numb, Chen Ping realised that he was not good enough to be proud of his own skills!
This night, Chen Ping thought a lot, and he found out more and more that Mr. Shi’s identity was becoming more and more mysterious!
Early the next morning!
Hu Ma Zi and Zhou Jie found Chen Ping!
The three of them came together to the former site of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union, which had by now become the territory of the Dragon Sect, with the Dragon Sect’s disciples guarding the entrance!
When they saw Chen Ping coming, the disciples all stood with straight bodies and shouted, “Good day, Sect Master ……”
Chen Ping nodded slightly and then walked in!
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
When Long Xingxu saw Chen Ping coming, he hurriedly greeted him!
“How is it? There’s nothing going on here during this time, right?”
Chen Ping asked.
“No, I have personally kept an eye on it after Miss Zhou instructed me to deploy more staff, and I have not found anything strange!”
Long Xingxu said.
“Well, now take us to see ……”
Chen Ping said.