Chen Ping just smiled and didn’t say anything, he also didn’t expect his flesh to be quenched to this level, it seemed that the body quenching pills that Long Wu gave him were really good, it was not sure how many times stronger than his own Little Returning Pills.
“Mr. Chen, a few people from the Miao Village have been captured, if you want to go back to Hongcheng, I will send someone to send you ……”
Zhao Wuji continued.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, I don’t need to bother you, I plan to stay in Kyoto for a while, when I want to go back, I can just take the car myself ……”
The appearance of Barbarian Bull and Dragon Five made Chen Ping change his mind, he wanted to stay in Kyoto for a while longer, maybe he could also meet other immortal cultivators, the main thing was that Chen Ping wanted to pry down the secret of his birth in Kyoto.
“Then Mr. Chen be careful, that Qin family will not let Mr. Chen off easily, if Mr. Chen needs any help, just give me a call ……”
Zhao Wuji reminded Chen Ping.
“Thank you, Pavilion Master Zhao for reminding me ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly.
Leaving from the western suburbs, Chen Ping went back to the hotel, lying on the hotel bed, Chen Ping recalled the scene when he met that Barbarian Bull and also Long Wu, these were the two most powerful people he had seen so far.
At the same time, Qin Xiaotian of the Qin family was listening to the butler’s report, his whole body jumped like a thunderstorm.
“Rubbish, really f*cking rubbish, these guys from the Miao Village are just vain, five of them can’t even deal with one Chen Ping ……”
Qin Xiaotian slammed his fist on the table fiercely, smashing it to pieces.
“Third master, I think it’s not that the five great heads of the Miao Village can’t deal with Chen Ping, but that Chen Ping has helpers, I heard that that Zhao Wuji first led people to surround the five great heads and also brought snipers with him, otherwise how could that Chen Ping be a match ……”
The steward explained.
Hearing this explanation from the butler, Qin Xiaotian’s face became even more gloomy: “This Chen Ping, to think that so many people are protecting him, it seems that we can only wait for my big brother to come out of customs and take revenge on Feng’er ……”
In Kyoto, Chen Ping had the Protector Pavilion and the Bai Family to protect him, and now there was an additional Department Six’s Standing Aid Army, which made Qin Xiaotian not dare to make any rash moves against Chen Ping, he could only wait until Qin Xiaolin came out of customs before making a decision.
“Third master, there is one more thing, the old ancestor of the Qin family is going to celebrate his birthday, we have also received the invitation, I wonder what gifts we should prepare?”
The butler asked to Qin Xiaotian.
Qin Xiaotian frowned at once and sighed faintly.
Their branch of the bloodline was considered a side line of the Qin family, so it was very unappreciated, and usually followed those orthodox Qin family members who rarely had any dealings with each other, except that every year at this time, the old ancestor of the Qin family would celebrate his birthday, and every time he did so, their side line would have to offer countless exotic treasures, year after year, which made Qin Xiaotian’s head ache whenever he heard the word celebrate his birthday.
But they couldn’t say anything, after all, they were the orthodox ones, and Qin Xiaotian’s second brother had been studying with them for more than ten years.
To put it mildly, Qin Xiaotian and his side line were lucky enough to be able to select one person to go to the Qin family’s territory to learn the art, knowing that there were other Qin family side lines that didn’t have such an opportunity at all, not to mention paying tribute year after year!
“Has my second brother brought word this time? How is he learning?”
Qin Xiaotian asked to the butler.
“Second Master has brought word that he has been able to enter the clan land ancestral hall, he asked us to send more things over this time so that Second Master can be valued ……”
The butler said.
“Second brother was able to enter the ancestral hall?” Qin Xiaotian’s face showed excitement, “Great, this proves that second brother has also stepped into the ranks of cultivators, when second brother returns from his studies, who in the whole of Kyoto will dare to go against my Qin family, the Bai family, the Dharma Guardian Pavilion, they are nothing ……”
Qin Xiaotian’s face was red from excitement, and his eyes were glowing with excitement, and his excitement was tinged with a bit of envy.