“Don’t worry, Chen Ping is fine, even if it’s not lower than that Qin Xiaolin, it can’t be defeated so quickly ……”
Long Wu was calm.
The smoke and dust above the ring dispersed, and some sharp-eyed people noticed that there was a human figure standing amidst the smoke and dust.
Soon, the figure became clearer and clearer, and in the end the crowd saw that Chen Ping was still standing above the ring, and had not fallen under the blow he had just dealt.
Only at this moment, Chen Ping’s clothes were torn and tattered, and a deep groove had appeared in the heart-protecting bronze mirror on Chen Ping’s chest.
Seeing that Chen Ping had not died, everyone was stunned.
Especially Su Yuqi, the whole person was excited and cried even more.
“How did this ………… happen? Could it be that this Chen Ping is not at the fifth rank of Grand Master realm?”
Seeing Chen Ping standing on top of the ring intact, Xu Changsheng was astonished, he felt that he could not have looked away, how could this time Chen Ping, a Grand Master, be able to stand on top of the ring intact under the Martial Sect’s strenuous strike?
At this moment, only Chen Ping himself knew that his internal organs were tumbling. Although he had just carried off Qin Xiaolin’s fatal blow with the help of the Heart Protecting Bronze Mirror plus his own perverted physical body, Chen Ping still suffered quite a lot of internal injuries.
Now Chen Ping was frantically running the Heart Condensation Technique, using his spiritual energy to heal his injuries, and the mouthful of blood in his throat was being suppressed to death by Chen Ping, not spitting it out.
“Is this all the strength you have? I advise you to kowtow to me now and admit your mistake, maybe I can still spare your life ……”
Chen Ping said as he stood there, a greenish aura bursting out of his eyes, shooting out a sharp aura.
At this moment, although Chen Ping’s body was in tatters, but in the eyes of the crowd, it was like a heavenly god.
How many people could resist the attack of a Martial Sect without moving?
“Chen Ping, don’t be rampant, if I don’t kill you today, I swear I won’t be a human being ……”
Qin Xiaolin saw that Chen Ping was unharmed by his own hard strike, which had long shocked his heart, and his original confidence was now beginning to drum.
But when things came to this point, with the martial arts community watching from the stage, it was impossible for Qin Xiaolin to retreat, but although Qin Xiaolin was angry, he did not dare to take the initiative to attack towards Chen Ping again.
The more Chen Ping did so, the more he dared not take the initiative to attack, he felt that Chen Ping was really deliberately provoking him.
This was the effect Chen Ping wanted, he needed Qin Xiaolin to give him time to heal.
The two men stood opposite each other like this, but no one was making a move.
The atmosphere was oppressive to the extreme, and the more so, the more no one dared to make a sound, for this was a duel between masters, and no one dared to get themselves into trouble at this time.
Soon, Chen Ping’s injuries slowly recovered under the treatment of the Heart Condensation Technique, and the breath on his body gradually stabilised.
“Uncle Long, why isn’t anyone of them making a move?”
Wu Mei’er seemed a little impatient and asked in a small voice to Long Wu.
“Chen Ping is injured and he is healing ……,” Long Wu said with a serious expression.
He could see at first glance that Chen Ping was injured, it was just that the internal injuries he had sustained were not visible to others.
As time pa*sed, at this moment, Qin Xiaolin also seemed to have discovered something.
“D*mn, I fell for it, so your boy is stalling for time ……”
Qin Xiaolin snapped awake, a cold aura flashed in his eyes, and his entire body leapt up, like a roc spreading its wings, directly leaping in front of Chen Ping.
In mid-air, Qin Xiaolin’s hands closed together, and the crowd could clearly see a vast force of heaven and earth being induced, followed by the Qi emanating from Qin Xiaolin’s body merging into one, finally turning into a giant hand and slapping it fiercely at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping raised his eyebrows and used his palm as a sword, striving towards the mid-air ……
“Break ……”
Only to see a green-colored blade flash past, hard towards that giant hand.