“Chen Ping, you’re not dead, you’re not dead …………”
Su Yuqi was so excited that she directly jumped over and hugged Chen Ping tightly!
At this moment, she no longer cared about the eyes of the bystanders, she just hugged Chen Ping to death and did not let go!
Chen Ping’s body still carried a slight chill, but even so, Su Yuqi wouldn’t let go!
“Let go, if you don’t let go, I’ll really be strangled to death by you!”
Chen Ping said with a couple of coughs!
When Su Yuqi heard this, she was so scared that she hurriedly let go of her hand, but seeing that Chen Ping was not in trouble, but was looking at herself with a bad smile on her face, Su Yuqi gave him a blank look before kicking him hard!
When the crowd saw that Chen Ping was actually not dead, they all showed their excitement, so that way that Liao Fei couldn’t mess around!
“Kid, who the hell are you? How could you absorb the Yin Cold Qi and not die?”
Liao Fei asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“I am your grandfather!” Chen Ping’s face was furious, just now Liao Fei had taken advantage of his refinement of the Yin Cold Qi to lay hands on Lin Tianhu, and had also spoken out against Su Yuqi, Chen Ping had heard it all, he just couldn’t move!
“You seek death?” Liao Fei was scolded and his face instantly turned ugly!
“Now hand over the Seven Star Disc to me, and perhaps I can make your death a little more painful!”
Chen Ping waved towards Liao Fei, he was too lazy to be following such a person’s ink1
“So you want my Seven Star Disc?”
Liao Fei’s face changed, gloomy and terrifying, one hand gripping the Seven Star Disc tightly, looking like he wouldn’t give it to Chen Ping at all!
“I gave you a chance, it was you who failed to grasp it!”
Chen Ping looked at Liao Fei indifferently, his eyes filled with killing intent!
“Kid, even if you absorb the Yin Cold Qi and don’t die, you are still no match for this Seven Star Disc of mine, stop talking big here, take the move ……”
A strong killing intent erupted from Liao Fei’s body, he didn’t dare to underestimate Chen Ping too much!
A person who could absorb Yin Cold Qi and not die must be different from normal people!
“Mr. Chen, thank you for saving my daughter’s life, there is no way to repay you, today I can only repay you with my death, I will hold him back, you guys run away ……”
Daoist Master Bu Xu was already heavily injured, but at this moment, he once again stood out, intending to desperately block Liao Fei, so that Chen Ping could lead the others to escape!
Chen Ping reached out to stop Daoist Master Bu Xu and said with a faint smile, “Dealing with a trash who can only rely on treasures is just, you don’t need to fight for your life!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he gave a disdainful little thumbs up towards Liao Fei!
“Kid, I’ll kill you ……”
Liao Fei was furious, and the killing aura on his entire body was getting thicker and thicker, while at the same time the Seven Star Disc in his hand was faintly emitting a foggy light!
Seeing the Seven Star Disc in Liao Fei’s hand frequently revealing visions, whether it was Daoist Master Bu Xu or Gu Wen Tian they were all shocked!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled disdainfully and found a chair to sit down directly!
“Do you have any other skills other than using your treasures?”
Chen Ping asked with an indifferent expression.
“Kid, you don’t need to provoke me, I won’t fall for your trick, didn’t you have the Yin Cold Qi enter your body and not die? Then I’ll be letting you absorb a little more Yin Cold Qi, I’ll see how long your body can resist!”
After Liao Fei finished speaking, the Seven Star Disc pushed forward, and a stream of Yin Cold Qi rushed out from the Seven Star Disc!
The temperature inside the room instantly dropped to the freezing point, and everyone hugged their shoulders, shivering from the cold!
But Chen Ping sat on the chair, unmoving, and not feeling the cold!
The cold Yin Qi wrapped around Chen Ping and entered his body through his seven orifices, and slowly, frost began to form on Chen Ping’s hair again!
“Hahahaha, this time I’ll freeze you and knock you to pieces, I’ll see how you can still live!”
Seeing Chen Ping’s hair start to have frost in it again, Liao Fei laughed out loud in triumph.
Only, the frost on Chen Ping’s head soon disappeared to the naked eye, and no matter how much that Yin Cold Qi entered Chen Ping’s body, it could no longer make any changes to Chen Ping’s body!
“How is this possible?”
Liao Fei was shocked and hurriedly released all the Yin Cold Qi inside the Seven Star Disc!