Chen Ping frowned slightly, now there were less and less spirit pills and less and less spirit stones, and as his realm rose, Chen Ping’s need for spirit energy was increasing, which gave Chen Ping a bit of a headache.
Tearing off the note, Chen Ping walked into the house, originally wanting to take a good bath and rest first, but unexpectedly at this time Su Yuqi called.
Chen Ping hurriedly picked up the phone, “Yu Qi, why are you calling me at this time?”
Now that it was about to get dark, it was rare for Su Yuqi to call Chen Ping at this time.
“I don’t call you, you don’t even know to tell me when you call me back, do you not want to see me, or are you hiding your love in a golden house, afraid that I will know?”
Su Yuqi’s tone took on a questioning tone.
“How did you know I was back?” Chen Ping was a little surprised, how did Su Yuqi know that he had come home, the reason he didn’t tell Su Yuqi was because he thought he would rest first, following the Four Great Vajra in a battle had made Chen Ping very drained.
“Humph, you think I don’t know if you don’t tell me? The entire Pan Long Bay has my eyes and ears, you still want to hide it from me?”
Su Yuqi said with a cold snort.
Chen Ping smiled helplessly, it must be because he had come back, been seen and informed Su Yuqi.
“No, how could I hide it from you, I just finished taking a shower and was about to call you, I can’t go to meet you all smelly!”
Chen Ping said with a smile.
“I don’t believe it!” Su Yuqi said half-jokingly, “You must have had another woman in Kyoto and forgot about me ……”
“If you don’t believe me, then I’ll hang up the phone and go to sleep, I’m sleepy ……”
Chen Ping did not intend to follow Su Yuqi to argue on this matter, he also knew that Su Yuqi was just joking.
“If you dare to hang up the phone, I will go to you now, no sleeping ……”
After Su Yuqi finished, the phone didn’t hang up either, and she directly rushed to Pan Long Bay Villa.
Chen Ping knew that he would not be able to sleep, so he could only make a cup of coffee and sit on the sofa, quietly waiting for Su Yuqi’s arrival.
Soon, the door of the room rattled and Su Yuqi followed Gu Ling’er and arrived.
Chen Ping got up and wanted to give Su Yuqi a hug as an apology.
However, just as he walked up to Su Yuqi, Su Yuqi attacked Chen Ping with a punch.
Chen Ping was slightly stunned and just dodged it with a side-step, while Su Yuqi didn’t relent and swung her fist again, forcing Chen Ping to retreat one after another.
“Yu Qi, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping was dumbfounded, not understanding why Su Yuqi made a move as soon as they met.
After swinging several punches in a row, Su Yuqi did not even touch Chen Ping once, which made Su Yuqi furious, after stopping her hand, she looked at Gu Ling’er and said, “Ling’er, none of what you taught me works, I can’t even touch him ………… ”
Gu Ling’er heard this and burst into tears, “Yuqi, do you know what strength Chen Ping is now? I can’t even touch him, how can you possibly touch him ……”
“Then I don’t care, you still have to teach me, I want to become an expert too ……”
Su Yuqi pouted her mouth out.
“What are you two doing here?”
Chen Ping was confused by Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er.
Later, after Gu Ling’er explained, Chen Ping realized that it turned out that after she returned from Kyoto, Su Yuqi had asked Gu Ling’er to teach her kung fu, she wanted to become an expert and did not want to be a burden to Chen Ping.
Su Yuqi knew that if she was also an expert, Chen Ping would definitely have left her behind during this trip to Kyoto. The reason why he did not leave her behind was that he was afraid that she might be in danger, and Chen Ping could not protect her all the time.
Hearing Gu Ling’er’s explanation, Chen Ping was touched inside, he went forward and took Su Yuqi’s hand, looking at Su Yuqi with affection, and said, “Practicing is very hard, you should not suffer this hardship, just have me protect you ……”