Because the one on the stage was Yu Jiameng, Yu Qian’s daughter, let alone the fact that Yu Jiameng was a Windy Cloud Ranking figure, just Yu Qian’s reputation in the Eight Mysterious Realms, even Lu Factory didn’t dare to be disrespectful to Yu Jiameng!
“Miss Yu, I …………”
Lu Factory still wanted to say something, but was met with a glare from Yu Jiameng’s eyes and said, “Go down ……”
Lui Factory trembled and could only jump down from the top of the ring!
“Miss Yu, why have you come to my ring if you’re not in your own?”
Seeing Yu Jiameng, Feng Wu Heng no longer had that lascivious smile on his face, but asked in a slightly embarra*sed manner.
“I just can’t watch you bullying women, today I’ll compete with you, if I lose, I can let you kiss, if you lose, I’ll castrate you ……”
Yu Jiameng was cold, with killing intent in her eyes!
“Miss Yu don’t joke, I am no match for you, I won’t fight with you, I admit defeat ……”
Feng Wu Heng wasn’t stupid, there was no way he would follow Yu Jia Meng’s match!
“You are not allowed to admit defeat ……”
Yu Jiameng chided!
“Why can’t you concede defeat? The rules are allowed, you can’t change the rules without permission just because your father is Yu Qian, right?”
Feng Wuchen said!
This time, Yu Jiameng had nothing to say, after all, if she didn’t agree, then she would be disobeying even the rules set by his father!
But if she agreed to Feng Wuxian’s admission of defeat, there was no way to teach this big pervert a lesson.
For a while, Yu Jia Meng was caught in a dilemma!
“It’s better for me to meet this shameless guy ……”
At this moment, Chen Ping spoke up, then walked towards the ring!
Yu Jia Meng looked at Chen Ping and frowned slightly, “You?”
Although Chen Ping had struck the Dragon Tattoo Bell and even struck nine golden dragons with one hammer, Yu Jiameng didn’t think Chen Ping was as strong as he was!
After all, Chen Ping was able to ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell because he knew the secret of the Dragon Tattoo Bell, it had nothing to do with strength!
With Chen Ping’s strength at the Third Realm of the Sub-Divine, how could he possibly be a match for Feng Wuxing!
“Chen Ping ……”
Seeing this, Han Qing’er rushed forward to stop Chen Ping: “Don’t go up there, you’re no match for that Feng Wu Heng, you can’t beat him.”
When Factory Lu looked at how concerned Han Qing’er was about Chen Ping, he was furious!
“Don’t worry, if he dares to molest you, I’ll beat the sh*t out of him today ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile towards Han Qing’er.
Hearing Chen Ping say this, Han Qing’er snorted out a laugh and then said, “Then be careful, if it doesn’t work, admit defeat and he won’t be able to make a move.”
Chen Ping nodded, and then leapt to the top of the ring!
“Miss Yu, he doesn’t dare to fight you, you’d better go down, I’ll have a match with him.”
“If he doesn’t even dare to compete with me, a secular world cultivator, then simply tell him to go home and leave the Eight Great Mystic Realms, don’t disgrace the Eight Great Mystic Realms anymore.”
Chen Ping said to Yu Jiameng!
Chen Ping’s words were deliberately meant to stimulate that Feng Wu Heng, in order to make him answer the battle, and if this fellow still admitted defeat, there was nothing else Chen Ping could do to him!
After all, in this fellow’s eyes, women were more important than victory or defeat!
“Hmph, you’re a guy from the secular world, what’s the point of bullying?”
“Don’t think that just because you rang the Dragon Tattoo Bell, everyone is afraid of you, today I’m going to trample you under my feet.”
Feng Wuxing roared, really falling for Chen Ping’s trick!
Seeing this, Yu Jia Meng could only leave the ring to see how Chen Ping would teach this Feng Wu Heng a lesson!
Because many people didn’t know Chen Ping’s true strength, and besides, Chen Ping had just rung the Dragon Tattoo Bell, many people had come over to see Chen Ping and Feng Wu-hun fight each other!
Even those on the high platform were looking over to get a glimpse of Chen Ping’s true strength!
Chen Ping had now instantly become the centre of attention, which made Feng Wu Heng become very excited!
As long as he could easily defeat Chen Ping, then his fame would instantly open up in the Eight Great Mystic Realms!