Liu Zhongnan was a little uneasy and followed Chen Ping closely, intending to bribe the white-clothed cultivator after that Qiu Yu left!
“Fellow Daoist Liu, go to the inn and tell the youngest sister not to run around at the inn, I will be out in a few days.”
Chen Ping said to Liu Zhongnan!
The white-clothed cultivator couldn’t help but laugh when he heard Chen Ping’s words, he hadn’t seen one who was locked inside a large prison and released in a few days!
Unless one was sucked dry inside and was about to die, it was possible to ransom someone out if their family was willing to pay a high price!
The cultivator who had just been locked in was the most valuable, how could he be released!
“I’ll think of a way for you, hold on inside the dungeon, don’t talk nonsense!”
“I’ll go find Old Man Zang to think of a way, he’ll definitely have a way to save you from coming out.”
Liu Zhongnan barked at Chen Ping!
He wasn’t afraid of Chen Ping going to jail, he was afraid that Chen Ping would tell something out, if it got to the City Lord’s Mansion, then the few of them would be finished!
“You don’t need to think of a way to save me, what I have explained to you, you just do it well.”
Chen Ping said to Liu Zhongnan!
Chen Ping entered the prison cell just to take a look at the ancient tree, if there was really a large amount of cultivator spiritual energy stored inside, he could just take it all away!
It would be too much of a loss if he had just gone in and was fished out before he had accomplished anything!
Therefore, Chen Ping did not allow Liu Zhongnan to control himself!
If he wanted to leave, he could easily leave the prison, as far as the formations around the prison were concerned, for Chen Ping, they were all but useless!
Liu Zhongnan did not understand what Chen Ping was trying to do, but since he was not allowed to save him, Liu Zhongnan could only do as he was told!
Chen Ping followed the white-clothed cultivator to the large prison that was wrapped in white mist!
After the white-clothed cultivator communicated with that Captain Zhou of the prison, he directly handed Chen Ping over!
The Zhou captain took a look at Chen Ping and said with a slight frown, “Why do you look a bit familiar, as if I have seen you somewhere before?”
“I have a popular face, I might look familiar!”
Chen Ping said!
He didn’t want this Captain Zhou to recognise himself, he had just come to the prison yesterday and was arrested in today, those with a little bit of brains would definitely be suspicious!
“Come with me ……”
Captain Zhou led Chen Ping towards the underground cell!
Unexpectedly, this time, the place where Chen Ping was being held was the same cell that Chen Ping had followed Missy in yesterday!
It was probably because many of the cultivators in the cells here had died and had extra rooms!
After putting Chen Ping in the cell, that Captain Zhou said, “Kid, there are no rules in the dungeon, you can do whatever you want as long as you don’t escape.”
“Don’t think about cultivating here, there’s not a single trace of aura, just rest properly inside the cell, three meals will be sent to you, and the lack of aura won’t let you starve to death.”
“There will be a fixed time for you to go out and get some air, you don’t need to do anything, this place can be more comfortable than outside.”
If Chen Ping didn’t know the role of this prison, he would have thought that this cell was treated very well!
“Understood!”Chen Ping nodded!
After that Captain Zhou left, the youngest brother next door spoke up, “Fellow Daoist, for what reason were you caught in here? How come I hear your voice is a bit familiar?”
Because it was separated by a wall, the youngest sister’s brother was able to hear Chen Ping’s voice, but could not see Chen Ping!
“I just hit someone with my hands, and then I was locked in, and I don’t know for how long. ”
“Fellow Daoist, what was it that you were imprisoned for?”
Chen Ping asked to Brother Missy!
“Hey ……” Brother Missy sighed, “I found a female cultivator, said to be a dual cultivation partner, and dual cultivated together once, but she asked me for a hundred purple gold spirit coins, where do I have that much money. ”
“She then sued me for forcing her, and then she was caught in, what bad luck ……”
Chen Ping heard, could not help but laugh, no wonder that youngest sister did not want to say how her brother was caught, this kind of thing is indeed not too honourable!