Seeing this scene, Ji Lian Jun’s mouth couldn’t close in shock!
Ji Cheng was also breathing heavily, his face full of excitement!
“What in the world is going on here? Quickly tell me ……”
Ji Lian Jun excitedly grabbed Ji Meiyan’s shoulder, wanting to know what exactly happened!
Ji Meiyan’s face turned red, where did she dare to say ah, she couldn’t be in front of everyone, in the matter of following Chen Ping to sleep to say it all over again!
“Son, where is Prince Qin?”
At this time, Ji Lianying also arrived with people, as well as people from the Giant Savage Palace!
Seeing their father arrive, Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen rushed forward and tried to pull Ji Lianying aside to talk!
Ji Lianying, however, was very unhappy and waved the two away “There is something to say right here, Qin Palace Master is not an outsider ……”
“Where is Duke Qin, why haven’t I seen him?”
Ji Lianying’s words caused Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen to lower their heads, not knowing how to explain!
Looking at the two, a bad feeling rose in Ji Lianying’s heart!
Qin Hetian saw the situation, is a frown said “my son, my son where ……”
Facing Qin Hetian’s hiss, Ji Yue could only carefully say “Qin, Qin Gongzi he …… he died ……”
Boom …………
Ji Yue’s words were like a thunderbolt from a clear sky bombarding Qin He Tian’s head!
Even Ji Lianying was frozen on the spot, he didn’t expect Qin Jingyu to be dead!
“What’s going on? What the hell is going on?”
Ji Lianying asked anxiously!
“Duke Qin sensed the Origin, and was originally absorbing the Origin breath, only that Duke Qin absorbed too much, and his body couldn’t withstand it, and burst into flames.”
Ji Meizhen said!
When Ji Lianying heard that he actually burst his body and died, he didn’t know what to say for a moment.
“Nonsense, how could my big brother burst his body and die, someone must have killed him.”
“Was it that Chen Ping, did he kill my big brother?”
Qin Jingyun roared angrily!
“Yes, my son couldn’t have died from an exploding body, someone must have harmed him inside.”
“You guys say, is it someone who harmed my son or not?”
Qin Hetian’s face was full of grimaces, his eyes turning scarlet!
“You two quickly tell me, was Duke Qin killed by them?”
Ji Lianying said as he pointed at Chen Ping and the others!
Regardless of how Qin Jingyu died, Ji Lianying had to put the blame on Chen Ping and the others!
Because only then would Qin He genius join him in targeting Ji Lianjun’s lineage!
“Dad, no, it’s …………”
Ji Yue wanted to explain, but he was slapped hard by Ji Lianjun!
“Assholes, I asked you to look after Duke Qin, but you let him be harmed, and you still don’t dare to tell the truth.”
After Ji Lianying slapped Ji Yue, he looked at Qin Hetian and said “Qin Palace Master, they must be the ones who harmed your son, now that our two families have joined forces, we must not let them go ……”
Qin He Tian stared angrily at Chen Ping and the others, he also didn’t believe that his son had died by blowing himself up.
“I will make them pay in blood ……”
Qin He Tian was filled with anger, and a terrifying aura was permeating his body!
Feeling Qin Haitian’s aura filled with terror, everyone frowned!
Especially Ji Lian Jun, he knew that a vicious battle was about to begin!
“Ji Cheng, don’t forget to explain your business.”
Ji Lian Jun said to Ji Cheng!
Ji Cheng nodded, his eyes were helpless!
“Dare to kill my son, I will let you all die ……”
Qin Hetian roared angrily, his body only swayed slightly before arriving in front of Chen Ping and the others!
Seeing this, Ji Lianying also immediately followed with his men!
“What are you guys going to do?” Ji Lianjun said with a face full of anger!
“Big brother, Prince Qin was harmed in the ancestral land, he had your family master order, and these outsiders didn’t have a family master order, yet they sneaked into the ancestral land and mutilated Prince Qin, are you going to hand them over now?”
Ji Lianying questioned at Ji Lian Jun!