Chen Ping couldn’t even believe it a little when he saw what Zheng Anguo said.
“Zheng Family Master, you gave me that ten thousand year herb and did all you could to help me get that ten thousand year herb, what did your Zheng Family do it for?”
“As the saying goes, no profit is too great, the Zheng Family Master wouldn’t just be learning from Lei. Feng Feng, doing a good deed, right?”
Chen Ping asked, staring at Zheng Anguo with a deadly stare.
“Mr. Chen, I am doing this for one reason only, that is to follow Mr. Chen and make him a favor to our Zheng family, so that when our Zheng family is in trouble, I believe Mr. Chen will not stand by and do nothing.”
Zheng An Guo said.
“Just for that?” Chen Ping was astonished!
“Good, only for these ……”
Zheng Anguo nodded with a serious face.
Seeing that Zheng Anguo did not look like he was joking, Chen Ping asked, “Master Zheng, what about the strength of your Zheng family?”
Chen Ping did not know how strong the Zheng Family was, and if the Zheng Family only had one Great Martial Marquis, Zheng Anguo, then it would be meaningless to have the Zheng Family’s help or not!
“Our Zheng Family has a total of seven Great Martial Marquises and a dozen Martial Marquises counting me, and our Zheng Family also has a Martial Saint Artifact ……”
Zheng Anguo’s words instantly caused Chen Ping and Hu Pazi to freeze on the spot!
They had never thought that in a small border town like Nanhu, the Zheng Family would have such terrifying strength!
“Master Zheng Family, with such strength, you are strong enough to go to Kyoto and start a sect, so why are you staying in this tiny South Lake?”
Chen Ping asked with great confusion.
“Although there are many resources in Kyoto, there are even more sects and families, so there is not much to distribute, besides, with the Martial Alliance in Kyoto controlling most of the resources, the development of the major sects and families will be restricted!”
“It’s not as good as this small place of mine, the land is vast and sparse, no one pays attention to this place, all the resources are mine, if it wasn’t for the 10,000 year old herbs that are out of this world, how could so many clan and family experts come, they can’t even be invited normally.”
Zheng An Guo explained.
Chen Ping thought about it, some of the clans in Kyoto were putting their energy into deceitfulness all day long, and with the control of the Martial Alliance, it was hard to develop!
“Master Zheng, since you are so sincere, then I, Chen Ping, can’t say anything else. As long as Master Zheng helps me get the 10,000 year old herbs, my Dragon Sect is willing to follow the Zheng Family as an ally.
Chen Ping patted his chest and a*sured.
“Good, with this word from Mr. Chen, my Zheng Family will definitely do its utmost to help Mr. Chen get the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb!”
Zheng Anguo said with an excited expression.
“By the way, how did the Zheng Family Master know that the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb was going to come out?”
Chen Ping asked.
Chen Ping knew about it through the map of the Demon Spirit Sect, and he was curious to know how Zheng Anguo knew about it.
“I won’t hide it from Mr. Chen, it was that Master Wan who peered into the Heavenly Dao and deduced it ……”
Zheng Anguo spelled out that Wan Hong!
“Wan Hong?” Chen Ping was stunned!
“Yes, that’s him, does Mr. Chen know Grandmaster Wan?” Zheng Anguo was curious as to how Chen Ping knew Wan Hong.
Chen Ping smiled lightly and looked at Pocky Hu.
And Pocky Hu laughed coldly, “Bullsh*t master, still spying on the heavenly dao, what does he know, that 10,000 year old herb coming out, heaven and earth will have a vision, just a casual calculation will tell you.”
Zheng An Guo looked at Pocky Hu and then asked to Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, this is …………”
“This is Master Hu, a top-notch talisman master, his art of exploring caves and finding tombs is unmatched ……”
Chen Ping gave Pocky Hu a compliment!
When Zheng Anguo heard this, he hurriedly said respectfully, “So it’s Master Hu, my respects ……”
Pocky Hu also arched his hand, sort of following Zheng Anguo’s greeting!
“Family Master Zheng, you have been deceived by that Wan Hong ……”
Chen Ping said to Zheng Anguo.
“Mr. Chen, how do you mean by that?”
Zheng Anguo said with a puzzled expression.