However, just as the Thousand Faced Demon King was making a move towards Chen Ping, a breath suddenly came rushing in, heading straight for the Thousand Faced Demon King’s face!
“Thousand Faces Demon King, you dare to kill my man, is this not putting me in your eyes?”
Bai Shao came in a furious voice, and the aura on her body even exploded to the extreme!
The Thousand Faced Demon King frowned and his figure retreated rapidly, even that Lion King and Leopard Emperor retreated to the sides, and the pressure on Chen Ping instantly disappeared!
“Fox Emperoress, are you f*cking crazy, for a little man, as far as that goes?”
“I think you are not looking at the Divine King’s Bow in his hand and want to take it for yourself?”
“You didn’t tell us that at all, you must have wanted to keep the Divine King’s Bow all to yourself!”
The Lion King and Leopard Emperor shouted angrily at Bai Shallow!
The Thousand-Faced Demon King was also grim-faced “Fox Imperial Daughter, you’ve gone a bit too far, this Divine King’s Bow you want to take it all for yourself, have you ever put us in your eyes?”
Bai Shao was also a bit confused at the moment, she was only following Chen Ping for the sake of Chen Ping’s bloodline, in order to make her own bloodline a bit more noble!
Where was it for some Divine King Bow, these guys were just spitting blood!
But before Bai Shao could say anything, Fire Phoenix arrived late, her face full of anger!
After glancing at the pale Chen Ping, the Fire Phoenix’s eyes were filled with heartache, and she stepped forward to help Chen Ping up.
“Master, are you alright?”
Fire Phoenix asked!
“It’s fine.” Chen Ping shook his head!
Seeing that Chen Ping was fine, the Fire Phoenix then swept a glance at the Lion King’s four people, carrying a kind of superior’s majesty!
Feeling the eyes of the Fire Phoenix, the Lion King’s four unexpectedly all began to dodge, not daring to follow the Fire Phoenix and look directly at them!
It was like a mouse seeing a cat!
Even though Fire Phoenix was only at the Harmonisation Realm now, and compared to them, there was a huge difference in realms, but these four fellows didn’t dare to take it lightly at all!
“You want to kill my master?”
Fire Phoenix asked coldly!
None of the four guys dared to say anything, and that Monkey King even kept hiding behind the others!
“Monkey ……”
Fire Phoenix shouted!
The Monkey King, on the other hand, was trembling with fear “Auntie, I …… I didn’t do anything, I didn’t do anything, I didn’t speak ……”
The Monkey King took himself off the hook because he was the only one who knew that the Fire Phoenix followed Chen Ping!
When the Lion King’s few people heard the Monkey King’s words, they immediately looked at the Monkey King angrily!
No wonder the Monkey King didn’t make a move or say anything just now, it turned out that he had already known about Chen Ping’s relationship following Fire Phoenix!
“You few don’t think that I’m easy to bully now that I’ve been relegated and my realm is lower.”
“Don’t forget the skills of the few of you, who nudged you, if it wasn’t me, with just a few of you stinking fish and shrimps, do you want to become one of the Three Emperors and Four Kings, do you want to have a place in the Celestial Realm as well?”
The Fire Phoenix was like an adult reprimanding a child, reprimanding the Lion King’s several people, yet none of them dared to speak!
As Chen Ping watched this scene, he could not help but be staggered, he also did not expect that the Fire Phoenix used to be so powerful in the Celestial Realm!
If he could find a chance to restore Fire Phoenix’s strength, then Chen Ping would probably be able to walk horizontally in the Celestial Realm!
Qi Peijia, who was not far away, saw the arriving Fire Phoenix, and his heart was suddenly half-cooled!
He also did not expect that the fire phoenix had followed Chen Ping’s acquaintance, and that Chen Ping was even the master of the fire phoenix!
In that case, the Lion King’s few people were afraid that they would not dare to make a move on Chen Ping!
“Fire Phoenix, I …… really don’t know, I don’t want that God King Bow, I can’t pull it anyway!”
The Thousand Faced Demon King had the most heart eyes and hurriedly followed the Fire Phoenix to apologise!
The reason for their current achievements all relied on Fire Phoenix’s enlightenment, even though they were only beasts, beasts couldn’t be without conscience!
“I don’t want it either, it’s useless to give it to me!”
The Leopard Emperor also rushed to state his position!