After seeing Ding Da, Luo Jin Zuo slightly clasped his fist and said, “Luo Jin Zuo of the Luo Family of the Desert North, I have met the Master of the Valley of the Wicked!”
Ding Da nodded slightly and gestured for Luo Jinzuo to sit down, then asked, “Second Master Luo, you’ve come a long way, I wonder what you’re doing here in my Valley of the Wicked?”
“I remember that our two families do not have any dealings, right?”
After a moment of silence, Luo Jinzuo suddenly spoke, “Valley Master, I have come this time to ask you for a person.”
“Ask for someone?” Ding did not frown, “Want what kind of person?”
“To the one called Chen Ping.” Luo Jinzuo mentioned Chen Ping and his eyes flashed with anger, “He killed my nephew and escaped to the Valley of the Wicked, I hope that the Valley Master can hand over that Chen Ping to me for disposal.”
When Ding Da heard this, his brow furrowed even deeper, he did not expect that Chen Ping really did follow the Mo Bei Luo family, and that it was a deadly feud.
“I have not heard of this person you are talking about, and we, the Valley of Evil, do not have this person either!”
Ding Da said indifferently.
Seeing this, Luo Jinzuo’s face turned cold: “Valley Master, someone has already seen that Chen Ping flee to your Vicious Man Valley, how could you not have seen him? The Valley Master will not make an enemy of my Luo family for that Chen Ping, will he?”
“I must take that Chen Ping away today, if the Valley Master does not hand over the person, you will bear the consequences yourself ……”
Hearing Luo Jinzuo’s words, Ding Bu Da’s face was furious.
And on the side, Ding Buzan couldn’t take it anymore and immediately cursed out, “What the f*ck are you Mo Bei Luo family? How dare you threaten our Wicked Valley?”
“Mr. Chen is in our Wicked Valley now, what the f*ck can you do?”
“And f*cking consequences, what are the consequences, you come and tell me, I think you don’t want to leave ……”
Luo Jinzuo was scolded by Ding Buzan, and his face suddenly became ugly.
“Since you admitted it, that means you don’t intend to hand over the person to me?”
Luo Jinzuo coldly was saying.
“I said, hand over your mother, what do you want?”
Ding Buzan roared.
“Ding Buzan, don’t bully people too much ……”
Luo Jinzuo was furious and instantly slapped the table.
The hard huanghuali pear table was instantly smashed to pieces.
The members of the Vicious Valley who heard the commotion instantly surged in and surrounded Luo Jinzuo and those of the Luo family.
Luo Jinzuo looked at those members of the Vicious People’s Valley who rushed in, and said with a gloomy face, “Think carefully, if you dare to make a move against me, it will be death or death, and our Luo Family of Desert North, or even the entire martial arts community of Desert North, will never give up in peace.”
Ding didn’t laugh coldly, “You are just a dog of the Luo family, the one who is really in charge is your elder brother, don’t think I don’t know that.”
“You are not qualified to say that now!”
Luo Jinzuo was instantly hit by Ding Da’s words, hitting a sore spot, in the Luo family, the real head of the family was his elder brother, he himself was just a proxy.
Luo Jinzuo’s eyes gaped slightly, his face turning ugly as he stared deadly at Ding Dafa.
He didn’t expect that the Vicious Man Valley would go out of their way to offend their Luo Family and even go to war for the sake of that Chen Ping!
“Don’t think that I’m afraid of you just because you’re in your Vicious Valley, will you hand over the man today or not?”
A killing intent burst out from Luo Jinzuo’s body, and a terrifying aura instantly filled the air.
“I said, hand over your mother!”
Ding Buzan leapt up, “Beating you up inside my valley is considered bullying, if you have the guts to go outside and compete!”
“Good!” Luo Jinzuo said, and with one long leap, he headed outside.
The four great villains led the people of the Vicious Valley and followed them out.
All the way out of the Vicious Valley and into an open space, the crowd then stopped.
“Paralyzed, come on ……”
After Ding Buzan stopped, he beckoned to Luo Jinzuo.
Ding Da Da reached out and stopped Ding Bu San: “Old San, you back off, I’ll do it, we don’t know this guy’s background yet!”
Among the four villains, Ding Bu Da was the strongest, so without knowing Luo Jin Zuo’s background, so Ding Bu Da planned to personally take action.
“Big brother, I’m not afraid of him ……”
Ding Bu San leapt to his feet.
“Lao San, listen to big brother.” Ding Bu Er pulled Ding Bu San back!