“Yun Li ah, how did you die, your death was not worth it ……”
Huo Qing suddenly howled!
Listening to that voice, the ghosts cried and wolves howled in grief, the entire Ten Temples could almost hear this Huo Qing’s howling!
The Lord of the Ten Temples looked at Huo Qing with anger on his face, but didn’t say anything.
And after that Huo Qing had cried for a while, he took out a handkerchief and wiped it off falsely, not knowing if he was really in tears!
“Hall Master, that Chen Ping really deserves to die ah, we must avenge Yun Li!”
Huo Qing wiped his face and said!
“Of course we have to take revenge, I’ll let you go and take revenge on Yun Li right now, we must kill that Chen Ping!”
The Tenth Hall Master said!
“I’ll go?”Huo Qing froze, then waved his hand and said, “No, no, this strength of mine, following Yun Li isn’t on par, he was killed, wouldn’t I be looking for death if I go?”
“I can give you twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, you must go and kill that Chen Ping, this is an order, not a discussion ……”
The Tenth Hall Master said with an icy face!
“This …………” Huo Qing still wanted to push back, but seeing the Ten Palace Lord’s appearance, he could only nod in the end, “Alright, I’ll go! ”
Huo Qing turned around and left, while the Ten Hall Master looked at Huo Qing’s back, his eyes filled with killing intent!
He was letting this Huo Qing go to his death, this guy even dared to question himself, dared to provoke his own majesty, death was not enough!
Huo Qing walks out of the hall, and soon follows behind him a thin old man, the old man has a thin figure, but his eyes are very sharp!
“Young master, how is it? Did that Tenth Hall Master let Yun Li go?”
“He’s betraying the Divine Hall by doing so, as long as we poke our nose in, the Tenth Hall Master will definitely be chastised.”
The old man whispered to Huo Qing!
“Shut up, that Yun Li is already dead ……”
Huo Qing glared at the old man and said!
“Dead?”The old man’s face was astonished and incredulous as he said, “This Tenth Hall Master is so vicious that he really let his own son go to his death?”
“It can’t be wrong, I’ve already seen Yun Li’s life soul lamp go out.”
Huo Qing said!
“If that’s the case, then we can only continue to hold back in the Ten Temples and slowly look for opportunities.”
The old man said with some loss!
“Finding a f*cking opportunity, that Lord of the Ten Temples tapped me to kill Chen Ping, and also gave me 20,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, I simply didn’t have the chance to refuse!”
Huo Qing frowned with a difficult look on his face!
“Twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones? That Tenth Hall Master is really generous, since that’s the case, let’s just go kill that Chen Ping and come back to resume our orders.”
“I’ve heard that, that Chen Ping isn’t very strong, it’s just that there are experts behind Chen Ping to protect him.”
“This guy can’t be protected every moment, we just need to wait for the right time, we will definitely be able to kill that Chen Ping.”
The old man said confidently!
Huo Qing glanced at the old man with a few moments of anger in his eyes and said, “Old thing, do you want me to die earlier?”
“Young master, what are you talking about?”The old man exclaimed!
“That Luo Ta, and Yun Li, all died at the hands of that Chen Ping, and you’re still asking me to kill Chen Ping, my strength is on par with Yun Li’s, that Yun Li is dead, can I still be alive?”
Huo Qing questioned loudly!
“Young master, I’ve already enquired about this, that Chen Ping is only at the 9th rank of the Transition Realm strength, you can just wave your hand and take his life.”
“At that time, because it was with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty stepping in, in addition to that Wuji Old Taoist, and what’s-his-name Mr Shi behind Chen Ping stepping in, this made the Tenth Highness and also Luo Ta lose.”
“This time when Luo Ta and Yun Li were killed, it was also definitely the Xiao Imperial Dynasty or that Mr What’s-his-name, never that Chen Ping.”
“Young master, you must not be intimidated, that Chen Ping is just an ant in front of you!”
The old man kept encouraging Huo Qing to kill Chen Ping!