Everyone is in a hurry, running for their lives!
And while these ordinary people were running around trying to make a living, in the most prosperous part of Kyoto, a Christie’s auction house, which covers an area of dozens of acres and is more than ten storeys high, was standing here.
Even these rich and famous merchants were careful to keep their distance when visiting, as they did not know which of the items here would be priceless.
“Let’s find a place to eat first, and then go to the antique exhibition auction!”
Gu Mantian suggested!
Everyone nodded, they were indeed a bit hungry after such a long ride in the car!
Just then, Chen Ping’s mobile phone rang, it turned out to be Zhao Wuji calling, asking if Chen Ping had come to this auction!
After Chen Ping told Zhao Wuji that he had arrived in Kyoto, Zhao Wuji was so happy that he wanted to personally invite Chen Ping to a banquet!
Originally, Chen Ping wanted to refuse, as it was too much trouble, but thinking that there might be a place in Kyoto where he could use Zhao Wuji, Chen Ping agreed!
Zhao Wouji chose a quaint Kyoto restaurant, and when he saw Chen Ping arrive, he hurriedly got up to greet them!
Seeing that Gu Wentian had also followed him, Zhao Wuji hurriedly laughed and said, “Ancient, I didn’t expect your old man to be here too!”
“Pavilion Master Zhao ……”
Seeing Zhao Wuji, Gu Wentian hurriedly saluted!
Not to mention that he had retired now, even when he was in power, he would still have to salute when he saw Zhao Wuji in this capacity, the two were simply not on the same level!
“Ancient, there is no need to be so polite, you are an old senior, isn’t this a disgrace to me ……”
Zhao Wuji said with a smile.
Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi also greeted Zhao Wouji!
“Mr. Chen, quickly sit inside, I’ve made all the arrangements ……”
Zhao Wouji invited Chen Ping and the others into the private room!
After entering the private room, Chen Ping and the others weren’t polite, they chatted and ate, after all, they were already hungry!
“Mr. Chen, there are quite a few people attending the antique auction this time, that Qin Xiaotian of the Qin family will also be there, so I still hope that Mr. Chen will exercise restraint then, but don’t worry, I will also warn that Qin Xiaotian so that he is not allowed to make a move against Mr. Chen!”
Zhao Wuji said to Chen Ping!
Although he knew that Chen Ping was not afraid of the Qin Clan, but if he really had to fight on such an occasion, the impact would be very bad, and he, the Lord of the Kyoto Dharma Protection Pavilion, would have an unshirkable responsibility!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, don’t worry, as long as the Qin Family doesn’t come after me, I won’t make a move!” Chen Ping said indifferently!
“This Qin Xiaotian, has always had an arrogant and C*cky personality, think back then if it wasn’t for me, he would have died in a foreign land, where would the Qin family have the glory they have now ……”
Gu Wentian said with a face full of anger!
Back then, the Qin family slowly developed in Kyoto with the help of Gu Wentian’s resources and connections, and also let Qin Feng follow Gu Ling’er to get engaged, for the sake of the Qin family, Gu Wentian also left no stone unturned, but in the end, Qin Feng unilaterally withdrew from the marriage, and the Qin family also became a Kyoto gentry, directly looking down on their Gu family!
With the retirement of Gu Mantian, the strength of the Gu family was even less than before, directly left behind by the Qin family, not even a shadow could be seen, now when the Qin family was mentioned, Gu Mantian’s heart was suffocating!
“Grandpa, what’s the point of talking about it in the past ……”
Gu Ling’er frowned slightly and said to Gu Wentian!
Zhao Wuji also knew some of the things from the past, and smiled somewhat awkwardly and said, “This Qin family did do whatever they could back then for the sake of development, and the Qin family was used by more than just Ancient, so Ancient doesn’t need to take it too much to heart!”