The curtains of light around them continued to rise, sealing off all paths.
With such a huge formation, it was already impossible for Ning Zhi and the others to escape in all directions if they wanted to.
“Run towards the top, hurry up while the formation isn’t closing in……”
Ning Zhi hissed, taking the lead himself as he raced towards the top!
Because this big formation gave him a great sense of crisis, this kind of big formation was definitely left over from the ancient times, Ning Zhi thought that Chen Ping with this kind of strength couldn’t possibly lay down such a huge and powerful formation for a short period of time!
Seeing this, all the devil cultivators followed Ning Zhi and rushed towards the sky, hoping to fly out of this huge formation before it closed!
When Chen Ping saw this, he held his Dragon Sword and quickly swung it out, directly in front of the crowd!
He had managed to set up the formation with great difficulty and had consumed a great deal of resources, he must not let these guys escape!
Ning Zhi had been too cautious, causing the formation to open early, so Chen Ping could only stop these people!
Chen Ping had wanted to trick these people into going to the bottom of the sea before opening the Demon Subduing Formation, that way, it would be impossible for these people to escape in any way!
However, now that the formation was opened early, it gave these people time to react!
Feeling the power of Chen Ping’s sword awnings, Ning Zhi and the others could only slow down their speed!
“Chen Ping, do you want to die? When this grand formation opens, you will be trapped here as well, and none of us will be able to live at that time.”
Ning Zhi said breathlessly when he saw Chen Ping blocking him!
Being trapped in this great formation, Chen Ping could not live either, so wouldn’t we have to die together ah!
But who knew that Chen Ping smiled coldly and said, “You think quite beautifully, this big formation was laid by me to deal with you guys, how can I die, it is you who will die.”
Along with Chen Ping’s words, the Demon Subduing Formation finally closed, and a tremendous amount of power erupted!
“Impossible, how could you have laid it down, in such a short period of time, how could you have laid down such a huge formation?”
Ning Zhi’s face was filled with shock, he simply did not believe what Chen Ping had said.
“What’s impossible, just because you can’t do it, doesn’t mean I can’t do it as well, you own all the little rubbish compared to me.”
Chen Ping was madly striking at Ning Zhi’s pride!
Ning Zhi was furious, but at this moment, countless piercing lights surged up from the bottom of the sea!
It was as if the sun was rising from beneath their feet!
Within this light, countless spiritual lights shot out in all directions, densely packed like sharp swords, piercing through the entire void!
Looking at the dense spiritual light, Ning Zhi could not be bothered to follow Chen Ping’s nonsense, and could only put a wave of black qi around his body, forming a shield to defend against these spiritual lights!
“Ah……”
A devil cultivator don’t spiritual light hit, let out a miserable scream, the whole person instantly turned into a mass of blood mist!
“What kind of formation is this, why is it so powerful, the power of this spirit light is so strong?”
“There are dozens of miles of this stuff, are we all going to be finished?”
The many demonic cultivators were all filled with shock!
Even if they ran upwards, there was no chance for them to do so, the entire formation had already closed in, and the area they were in, was completely shrouded!
These devil cultivators had already become lambs to the slaughter!
There was no other way, these demonic cultivators could only use their own means to defend themselves against the attacks of these spiritual lights!
However, faced with such a large number of spiritual lights, each of these demonic cultivators had a numb scalp!
There was always a time when his power would run out, but the spiritual lights that erupted from this grand formation felt endless!
These devil cultivators didn’t dare to be the slightest bit careless and used all their skills, there were even people who didn’t hesitate to start burning their essence blood!
As long as the blood is not burned out, there is still hope of living, only the strength will certainly decline, but it is better than dying!