Chen Ping could really sense that there was movement within the Spirit Beast Egg, but when he probed with his Divine Sense, there was no way to penetrate!
And just as Chen Ping was probing with his divine sense, the Spirit Beast Egg seemed to react!
The peculiar patterns on it suddenly emitted a colourful light!
And this light shot straight up into the sky, blooming like fireworks!
Chen Ping was so frightened that he hurriedly retracted his hand and stared blankly at the Spirit Beast Egg that was emitting colourful rays of light!
The colourful rays of light were blinding in this gloomy Divine Demon Battlefield!
Those who had entered the Divine Demon Battlefield had all seen this colourful light at this moment!
“Is this some kind of treasure coming out?”
Qi Peijia was suspended in mid-air, while at his feet, there was the corpse of a demonic beast, while he was holding a bloody beast dan in his hand.
After he saw the colourful light, killing intent immediately surged in his eyes!
No matter who had obtained this kind of treasure, Qi Peijia would not hesitate to fight for it!
In this Divine Demon Battlefield, there was no mercy and even less emotion!
Their only purpose was to get the treasures they wanted!
Some people began to head towards the direction from which the light was emanating!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s hand had already left that Spirit Beast Egg, so the light was slowly fading away!
Chen Ping’s brows were furrowed, he knew that the light that had just come out had definitely attracted the attention of others!
Chen Ping didn’t want to draw attention to himself, he was only here to hunt for treasure, not to fight!
But now, there was nothing he could do if he didn’t want to attract attention!
“Mr Chen, I think you’d better take the Spirit Beast Egg and let’s get out of here as soon as possible, someone will definitely come in a while.”
Luo Xi glanced around, then said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping might take the Spirit Beast Egg and leave, but with this thick Immortal Qi, wouldn’t it be too much of a pity if he didn’t absorb and utilise it?
After contemplating for a moment, Chen Ping then lowered his head and selected four treasured swords from amongst the pile of weapons, before inserting them on each of the four corners!
These four treasured swords were all crippled, defecating Chen Ping could not care less right now!
Chen Ping then began to carve formations underneath the four long swords, an arcane formation graphic was drawn by Chen Ping!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping connected all these shapes together!
Soon, a huge scale formation was actually drawn by Chen Ping alone!
Luo Xi looked at Chen Ping in shock, she really did not expect that Chen Ping would be able to carve out such a huge formation!
At this moment, Chen Ping was already drenched in sweat, but he still did not stop and was still drawing!
When the last stroke of the formation was completed, gusts of white mist soon emerged from the surroundings, covering Chen Ping and the others up!
Looking down from mid-air, this area, all is a white blanket, can not see the internal situation!
And Chen Ping’s formation also had the ability to block divine sense, even if someone wanted to use divine sense to probe, they could not probe anything at all!
“Miss Luo, you temporarily help me to protect the spell, I will absorb this immortal qi, when the absorption is finished, we will leave here.”
Chen Ping said to Luo Xi!
“Mr Chen, don’t worry, I will fight to the death to protect you.”
Luo Xi nodded!
Chen Ping quickly sat down on his knees, closing his eyes slightly as his body began to absorb the surrounding Immortal Qi in rapid succession!
The Heart Concentration Technique was running at a rapid pace, Chen Ping squeezed out all his potential!
Chen Ping had no choice but to do so, he really couldn’t afford to part with this rich Immortal Qi!
And just as Chen Ping was cultivating, a middle-aged man appeared not far away!
The middle-aged man looked around and frowned slightly “It should be this direction, there is no mistaking it, why can’t I see it?”
The middle-aged man was clearly looking for the colourful pillar of light that had just appeared, wanting to see what kind of treasure it was that would emit such a dazzling light!