“You fart, although our Wantong Pavilion is not as good as that Demon Sealing Alliance, we are not that bad with his resources, how could I possibly spy on it.”
“I don’t care who this Chen Ping is to be put to death, the fact that he is now on our Wantong Pavilion’s blimp means that he is to be protected by our Wantong Pavilion, if I hand him over now, how will the entire Southern Region look at our Wantong Pavilion in the future?”
“As an escort elder, I am to protect the safety of the blimp and the travellers, unless I die, I won’t hand over the person to you.”
“I don’t care how you got the news that that Chen Ping is on our airship, if you dare to use force, I will accompany you to the end, even if I die, our Wan Tong Pavilion will still put you on the mandatory kill list.”
“You have to think clearly, if our Wan Tong Pavilion places you on the mandatory kill list, do you think you still have a chance to mix in the Southern Region?”
Elder Sun could only continue to bring up the Wantong Pavilion to scare the other party!
As expected, this time that one-eyed cultivator did hesitate a little, the Wantong Pavilion was also considered a famous sect in the Southern Domain, with numerous sub-pavilions in the Southern Domain!
If he really pissed off and Lord Wantong made a mandatory kill list, he really wouldn’t be able to mix in the Southern Domain!
What’s more, the lord of the Pavilion of Wan Tong, the god of the dragon, very few people know the identity, are a few elders in the manipulation of the Pavilion of Wan Tong!
When the one-eyed cultivator was hesitating, Elder Sun continued, “If you let me go this time, I can send a batch of resources to the Wantong Pavilion, although it is not as good as a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, but it will never be too bad!”
Elder Sun struck the iron while it was hot, hoping to make that one-eyed cultivator leave!
Hearing Elder Sun’s words, the one-eyed cultivator hesitated even more!
“Big brother, if we kill that Chen Ping, it’s not as simple as just getting a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
At this moment, a junior brother behind the one-eyed cultivator came forward and whispered a few words into the one-eyed cultivator’s ear!
After listening, the one-eyed cultivator’s eyes became firm as he looked towards Elder Sun and said “Elder Sun, although I have no intention of making an enemy of your Wantong Pavilion, I must take away that Chen Ping today, or else you will only die.”
Elder Sun frowned, he was clearly going to succeed just now, I don’t know what that one-eyed cultivator’s little brother had said to make this one-eyed cultivator become firm!
“Elder Sun, can you beat this one eye?”
Just when Elder Sun was in a difficult situation, not knowing what to do, Chen Ping walked out from the blimp!
“Mr Chen, why have you come out? Didn’t I tell you not to move!”
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually come out, Elder Sun said with some anxiety!
“You are Chen Ping?”
The one-eyed cultivator glanced at Chen Ping and asked with some surprise!
After all, he thought that someone who could make the Demon Sealing Alliance use a hundred years of offerings to put him to death was, at any rate, a cultivator who was above the fifth rank of the Transition Realm!
It should also be someone who had a life and death grudge following the Demon Sealing Alliance.
However, Chen Ping looked very young, and was still only at the third rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, and the whole person was very ordinary!
How could a person of this strength realm be put to death by the Demon Sealing Alliance?
“Not bad, I am Chen Ping, the one who was executed by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings.”
“I can go with you, so don’t make things difficult for Elder Sun.”
Chen Ping said to the one-eyed cultivator!
When the one-eyed cultivator heard this, he was instantly happy, if Chen Ping tied his hands, then he wouldn’t have to offend the Wantong Pavilion, and he himself would be able to get the hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, the best of both worlds!
“Good, as long as you are obedient, I will never make things difficult for the Wantong Pavilion, I will let them leave immediately.”
The one-eyed cultivator nodded!
“Mr Chen, you ……”
Elder Sun saw that Chen Ping had taken the initiative to come forward on his own, just so as not to cause trouble for himself!
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to Elder Sun, but continued to say to the one-eyed cultivator “I will be killed by you soon, can I understand one thing before I die?”