“And the demonic souls within the main body of the Old Sect, they are also provided by your Ghost Face Sect, right?”
Chen Ping looked at that Elder Tu and asked indifferently!
Elder Tu had never looked at Chen Ping squarely, after all, Chen Ping was too young and his strength was not high, he treated Chen Ping as an ordinary disciple of the Purple Flame Sect!
“How did you know that? Seeing that you are young and only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm strength, I didn’t expect to observe quite carefully.”
“That Huo Dong was indeed taken in by us, and we took him in to prepare for today.”
“And that Demon Soul was indeed provided by us as well, only to be wiped out, I didn’t realise that the Purple Flame Sect still had this kind of high level person.”
Elder Tu said!
“Truth be told, that Demon Soul was the one that I annihilated, if I can annihilate your Demon Souls, I will be able to annihilate you as well.”
Chen Ping said flatly!
“It was you?” Elder Tu looked at Chen Ping incredulously, “You are only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, how could you possibly do all this?”
“That’s right, I am at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, but I specialise in dealing with demonic cultivators, and with this strength of mine, I have enough to behead you all!”
Chen Ping laughed!
“Hmph, big talk!” Elder Tu snorted coldly!
“Missy, Cheng Ping, you two go to the Divine Volcano and stop Huo Yuan Ting from getting the Divine Flame Seal, this Ghost Face Sect’s people are mine!”
Elder Yu prepared to lead his men to follow the Ghostface Sect’s men into battle, leaving Cheng Ping to accompany Zhu Ling to the Divine Volcano!
“None of you will leave!”
Elder Tu said!
Elder Yu leapt up violently, a spiritual light erupted from his body, and immediately after, he swung out a fist, striking a fire dragon!
The fire dragon exploded in front of that Elder Tu and the others, and the roaring flames pounced towards the people of the Ghost Face Sect!
Elder Yu struck first, in order to create an opportunity for Chen Ping and Zhu Ling to leave!
“Hmph, a small sculpture ……”
That Elder Tu snorted coldly, followed by a wave of his palm, a huge palm suddenly appeared in mid-air, the palm was like a mountain heading towards the sea of fire!
With this palm slapping towards, the burning sea of fire was instantly covered and the flames were extinguished in an instant!
Elder Yu’s expression was stunned, this Elder Tu’s strength, by the looks of it, was above him.
Seeing this, Chen Ping and Zhu Ling also knew that if they didn’t settle these people from the Ghost Face Sect, they were afraid that it would be impossible for them to get away!
Especially since the two of them had gone to the Divine Volcano, they were afraid that they wouldn’t have the ability to stop Huo Yuan Ting!
“Let’s do it together, first exterminate this Ghostface Sect’s people before we talk!”
Zhu Ling shouted, followed by the crowd from the Violet Flame Sect swarming up!
For a while, the Purple Flame Sect followed the Ghost Face Sect’s people into a battle, and Chen Ping did not hesitate to take out his Demon Drawing Whip!
At this time, Chen Ping was not afraid of exposing his identity, the whip in his hand snapped!
For a while, those demonic cultivators squealed and screamed!
After all, the Demon Whip was specially designed to target demonic cultivators, and it also attacked the demonic cultivator’s Divine Sense, which gave the people of the Ghost Face Sect a big headache!
Zhu Ling looked at the Demon Drawing Whip in Chen Ping’s hand, and for a moment, she was actually a bit distracted!
She seemed to remember that Chen Ping had the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand!
Zhu Ling had deliberately paid attention to Chen Ping, after all, Chen Ping was her idol!
“Could he be Chen Ping?” Zhu Ling looked at Chen Ping dumbfounded!
“What are you looking at, if you don’t do it, it will be too late to stop Huo Yuan Ting.”
Chen Ping said when he saw Zhu Ling staring at herself in a daze!
Zhu Ling reacted and hurriedly started to make her move!
Just as Chen Ping was using the Demon Drawing Whip and killing people, a transparent beam of light suddenly shone towards him!
This beam of light was so fast that it was too late for any reaction before it had reached above Chen Ping’s head!
Only then did Chen Ping see that there was a ghost face talisman in mid-air!
The light came from this ghost face talisman!
And a man wearing a sleeve length was coldly looking at Chen Ping!
His body was hanging in mid-air, and his face was also pale, just like the face of a dead person!