“Patriarch Zhou, Elder Chu will personally go to Cangwolf City, while you will bring someone to make a trip to the Xiao Dynasty in person, if that Xiao Yuanshan is sensible and hands over Chen Ping, then we will tolerate him for a period of time.”
“If he doesn’t know better, then we will directly declare war and make him roll down from the position of Emperor Xiao ……”
Zuo Tianzheng said to Patriarch Zhou!
Patriarch Zhou was slightly stunned, his face was a bit ugly, his expression was very reluctant!
However, the ally lord gave the word, he had could not refuse, and could only harden his head and give it a take!
Zuo Tianzheng waved his hand, letting all the people retreat, while Elder Chu said to Zuo Tianzheng: “Allied Lord, that Patriarch Zhou is not a sincere seller to our Demon Sealing Alliance, you let him go to Xiao Dynasty, can this matter be accomplished?”
Zuo Tianzheng then smiled faintly and said, “This time, no matter if that Xiao Yuanshan recognises the time, I will make him step down, I will never allow such a big threat to exist in the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“I understand!”Elder Chu nodded!
Zuo Tianzheng’s meaning was very clear, Patriarch Zhou going to Xiao Dynasty was to act as a pawn, as for the life and death of Patriarch Zhou, Zuo Tianzheng didn’t consider it.
After everyone left, Zuo Tianzheng turned around and came to the back of the large hall, a door as black as ink was slowly pushed open by him!
There was actually a huge black hole inside, when Zuo Tianzheng walked into the room, his body was instantly swallowed by the black hole!
…………
Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
The huge blimp slowly landed at the Xiao Dynasty’s palace!
Seeing that a blimp was coming, hundreds of guards stood at attention, as well as nearly a hundred cultivators above the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, flew into mid-air and stared at Chen Ping’s blimp of theirs!
Because they did not know who was inside the blimp, these escorting cultivators were all like enemies!
Xiao Yuanshan and Xiao Feng also rushed over in a panic!
After so many years, no one had ever dared to attack his Xiao Dynasty!
However, when the airship landed and Chen Ping walked down from the airship with Zhu Qingyue, Xiao Yuanshan and Xiao Feng were all overjoyed!
Xiao Yuanshan, on the other hand, waved his hand and had all the guards evacuate!
Xiao Feng jumped straight up and hugged Zhu Qing Yue tightly, unable to hold back his tears!
“Ah Zhu, where have you been, do you know how much I miss you?”
Xiao Feng hugged Zhu Qing Yue, not even caring that someone was there, and spoke of how much he missed her!
Zhu Qing Yue was also in tears as she said, “Xiao Feng, I miss you too, only that something happened to my family and I went back, only to be arrested.”
“Luckily, Mr Chen saved me, otherwise I wouldn’t have seen you ……”
When Xiao Feng heard this, then he let go of Zhu Qing Yue and gave Chen Ping a heavy bow.
“Mr Chen, you not only saved me, but also saved Ah Zhu, this kindness, I Xiao Feng will never forget, in the future, if Mr Chen has difficulties, I will go through fire without hesitation.”
Xiao Feng was very grateful to Chen Ping.
“Prince Xiao is serious, it’s just a matter of raising my hand.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Mr Chen, you have helped us so much, this time you must stay in our Xiao Imperial Dynasty for more time, let me do my best as a landlord.”
Xiao Yuanshan directly took Chen Ping’s hand and walked towards the palace!
Xiao Feng and Zhu Qing Yue held hands and also walked into the palace!
Xiao Yuanshan had a big feast in order to thank Chen Ping and also to announce Xiao Feng and Ah Zhu’s marriage in public!
Of course there is also a very important thing, that is to announce the matter of Xiao Feng’s Crown Prince, after all, now that Xiao Feng has been well, not crazy, this Crown Prince matter should also be set!
Facing the many princes and ministers of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, Xiao Yuanshan then calmly said, “Now I announce that from this moment onwards, Xiao Feng has become the Crown Prince of our Xiao Imperial Dynasty, everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty will be at his beck and call, and he will be able to mobilise all of the troops and horses of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
After saying this, Xiao Yuanshan took out a tiger talisman and directly handed it over to Xiao Feng!