“Your treasures?”
Qi Peijia laughed, then said with a disdainful face “What is in my hand, that is mine, you want to directly rob on the line, what is the point of talking so much nonsense?”
“Here is the god and devil battlefield, treasure who has the ability to who take, you are not afraid to beat me, want to play with me clever, take away the treasure ah?”
Qi Peijia’s disdain immediately made a youth holding a half-moon scimitar furious “I don’t know what to do with my life, we gave you a chance, and you’re still tugging on it ……”
“Hahaha, I tug because of my strength, you have the ability to also tug in front of me to see ah ……”
Qi Peijia laughed out loud!
“You …………”
That youth’s eyes glared and he was about to charge up with his scimitar in hand!
But was that the leader of the white clean man to stop “Third brother, do not fall into his excitement, even if the hands, but also we go together.”
Only then did the scimitar youth retreat!
“Fellow Daoist, behind us, the Five Sons of the Human Jie, are the five great clans, even if you leave the Divine Demon Battlefield with these treasures, do you think you’ll be able to leave the Heavenly Demon Mountain?”
“Even if you don’t look up to the five of us, but the five great clans behind us, could it be that you don’t look up to them either?”
The white clean man looked like he didn’t want to get his hands on the treasures that Qi Peijia had snatched!
“Now that I killed the five of you, even if there are five great clans behind you, who knows that I killed them?”
Qi Peijia said mockingly!
The white-clean man’s face sank, and with a clench of his teeth, he said “Since we have to do this to get rid of you, then don’t blame us ……”
Accompanied by the white clean man’s roar, several people were all ready!
“Jumping clown ……”
Qi Peijia snorted coldly, then slapped his palm down!
The huge black palm covered the sky!
As the five people looked at the huge black palm, their faces changed drastically as they retreated backwards!
At the same time, while retreating, the five people also simultaneously shot out a spiritual energy, which condensed in one place and headed straight towards Qi Peijia!
Qi Pei Jia surprisingly did not dodge or flash, his body filled with black mist, followed by the black mist condensing into armour!
“Black devil armour ……”
Someone exclaimed in shock!
Only to see that the combined strike of the five people was directly blocked by the Black Demon Armour on Qi Peijia’s body!
At this moment, the faces of the five people were hard to see as their bodies instinctively retreated backwards!
They had underestimated Qi Pei Jia, how could they fight when five people had combined their strength and failed to injure Qi Pei Jia?
Now the five of them didn’t want any treasures, they only wanted to be able to escape!
“Hmph, now you want to escape, it’s already too late ……”
Qi Peijia said with a cold snort!
Only to see Qi Peijia’s palm wave forward, an immense and incomparable devil claw grabbed over!
Seeing this, the white clean man hurriedly roared “Formation talisman, quickly use a formation talisman ……”
Accompanied by the roar, the five people simultaneously pulled out a yellow talisman from their bodies, and then the five people sprayed out a mouthful of blood towards the talisman in unison, their faces instantly all turning pale!
The talisman in the hands of the five of them had been purchased from the Sheng family at great expense, and with the addition of the essence blood of the five of them, it could make the formation even more powerful!
The formation talisman emitted light, and was then thrown into mid-air by the five people, and then the five formation talismans were connected by light, and a formation steeply appeared, trapping Qi Peijia inside!
The five people were then connected by the formation, and one by one, their figures gradually disappeared, and in the end, they even directly disappeared!
The five people were like invisible, directly integrating themselves into the formation!
Seeing this scene Zou Qi and others, all surprised, only that Qi Peijia looked at the disappearing five people, disdainfully laughed!
“You guys just want to use this broken formation to defeat me?”
Qi Peijia said disdainfully!