“Sir Qin, let’s not go in, shall we? I feel like there must be something terrifying inside this cave.”
Ji Meizhen said with some worry!
“Since you’re scared, then you guys wait outside, I’ll go in by myself ……”
Qin Jingyu said and walked towards the cave!
Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen glanced at each other, then followed, they were afraid that something would happen to Qin Jingyu, if something really happened, there was no way for them to follow the Giant Savage Palace to account for it, at that time, let alone co-operation, maybe the Giant Savage Palace would flip out with them!
Inside the cave, it was pitch black, there was no light at all, and there was a horrible aura inside that made people shiver!
Along with the three deep, gradually inside the cave there is light, and then the light is getting stronger and stronger, to the end is a golden light, irradiation of their eyes are a little open!
After the three of them adapted, they realised that in front of them, there was a phantom beast that was like a small mountain, while this phantom beast had a golden appearance on its body, it was obviously a super phantom beast piled up by a golden origin!
Looking at the Illusory Beast in front of them, Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen were both startled, while that Qin Jingyu had an excited look on her face, without the slightest bit of fear!
“It’s really great, such a large Origin Illusionary Beast, I’ll definitely be able to sense the Golden Origin when I kill this Illusionary Beast.”
Qin Jingyu was only thinking about sensing the Origin at the moment, not caring what strength the Origin Illusionary Beast in front of him was!
Qin Jingyu said that he was about to go forward, but he was pulled back by Ji Yue!
“Prince Qin, I think it’s better if we don’t provoke this Origin Illusionary Beast, this Origin Illusionary Beast looks terrifying, if we provoke it, I guess we won’t even be able to get out of this cave.”
Ji Yue worriedly said to Qin Jingyu!
“Let go, you cowards, if you’re scared, go out, I’ll deal with this Origin Illusion Beast ……”
Qin Jingyu gave Ji Yue a disdainful look!
But just as Qin Jingyu’s words fell, there was a sudden shaking of the ground and mountains, only to see the huge Origin Illusion Beast move around for a bit, followed by eyes like copper bells looking towards Qin Jingyu and the three of them!
The three of them followed my Origin Illusionary Beast wide-eyed, and for a moment, they actually froze!
“Roar …………”
The Origin Illusionary Beast roared all over, and only then did the three of them react, and then retreated backwards in succession!
The Origin Illusionary Beast got up and headed towards the three people, and underneath this huge Origin Illusionary Beast, there were surprisingly countless smaller Origin Illusionary Beasts, rushing towards the three people in black!
Seeing this scene, the three of them were dumbfounded and turned around, wanting to run outside the cave!
“What’s the commotion?”
At this moment, Chen Ping, who was in the process of beheading the Origin Illusionary Beasts and absorbing the Origin Breath, seemed to sense a commotion, so he stopped and frowned slightly!
“There’s no movement, I don’t feel anything!”
Ji Meiyan felt it and found that there was no movement whatsoever!
“No, there’s definitely movement, and it’s not small!”
Chen Ping began to emit his divine sense, but just as Chen Ping had just emitted his divine sense out, suddenly a strong origin aura came in like a flood, causing Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan to give an inattentive and even give a flying out a long way!
“What a powerful aura?” A look of surprise appeared in Ji Meiyan’s eyes!
“This is the origin aura, there must be a powerful origin phantom beast in front, let’s go and take a look ……”
Chen Ping said and ran towards the front!
But just after running two steps, he felt the earth tremble in the distance, and a hissing roar came from the sky!
Along with the earth trembling more and more, a black thing was approaching rapidly in the distance!
Ji Meiyan glanced at it, and her pupils shrank, “Why are there so many Origin Phantom Beasts? And look at that Origin Illusion Beast in front of you that is flashing with golden light, it’s also too big ……”