Only Watanabe Kazuo and the others saw this and one by one they became happy.
Chishikawa had easily blocked Chen Ping’s blow, which made them instantly become confident.
They even began to consider how to torture Chen Ping following that Watanabe Fumio later.
But none of these people had noticed that Chishimagawa’s hands, which were clutching his katana, were trembling slightly at the moment!
Chishikawa’s face was very grave, his slash was not as simple as what Watanabe Kazuo and the others saw.
I think Chishimagawa had used all his strength from the start, for he dared not be the least bit careless in the face of Chen Ping!
“You guys protect the old master and go first ……”
Just when Watanabe Kazuo and the others were full of confidence and very happy, Chishimagawa spoke up!
With these words, Chishikawa instantly froze everyone in their tracks.
“Master Chishima, why do we have to take Grandpa and go first? Couldn’t you beat that Chen Ping?”
“Yes, the moment Master Thousand Island strikes, won’t he kill that Chen Ping and we will watch them die a horrible death with our own eyes.”
“That Chen Ping has killed so many of us, he must not be spared.”
These people from the Watanabe clan were shouting!
It looked like they didn’t want to leave at all, but wanted to watch how Chen Ping and Watanabe Fumio died.
Seeing this bunch of fools from the Watanabe clan, Chishima Chuan began to plot how he would escape, if he couldn’t defeat Chen Ping, he would escape on his own and no longer care about these fools from the Watanabe clan.
“Master Chishima, I trust you, so I can’t go anywhere, this is my place ……”
When Kazuo Watanabe finished speaking, he actually had someone move a chair and sit down!
When Chishikawa saw this, he could only be speechless for a while ……
As the saying goes, ignorance and fearlessness are what these people are talking about.
At this time, Chen Ping, after following that Thousand Island Chuan’s moves, instantly understood the strength of that Thousand Island Chuan!
If he had met him two days ago, Chen Ping would not have had much confidence.
But at this moment, Chen Ping had already stepped into the Martial Saint realm, so if he wanted to deal with this Thousand Island Chuan, he would have been able to do so with ease!
“I hope that you will return to your senses and not meddle in the affairs of the Watanabe clan.”
“If you have any misunderstanding following the Watanabe family, I am willing to apologise on behalf of the Watanabe family following you.”
Chishikawa lowered his posture and counted to Chen Ping.
“Master Chishima, what do you mean by that? As an islander, how can you apologise after the Daxia people?”
“They don’t deserve it at all, they are just a bunch of sick men ……”
When Watanabe Kazuo saw that Chishikawa had followed Chen Ping so politely, he said with an angry face.
Watanabe Kazuo disliked Daxia people the most, and was very stubborn.
Chishima Chuan glanced at Watanabe Kazuo and wanted to say something, but did not say anything.
On the contrary, Chen Ping’s body instantly burst out with a terrifying killing intent after hearing that Watanabe Kazuo’s words!
“If you can block one of my moves, I can spare your life.”
“And these people, they must die ……”
Chen Ping’s cold eyes swept over those of the Watanabe clan, who had already been sentenced to death by Chen Ping!
“Good!”
Chishima Chuan nodded his head.
As long as he blocked a move, Chishima Chuan would not hesitate to leave.
Seeing Chishikawa agree, Kazuo Watanabe and those Watanabe family members were all dumbfounded.
Before they could reflect, Chen Ping raised his Zeng Long Sword high, which was faintly emitting a greenish glow!
“Chop ……”
The sword whistled, a golden dragon rose up into the air, emitting a dragon roar and a terrifying aura towards that Thousand Island River!
“It’s bad ……”
Seeing this, Qiandao Chuan’s face changed wildly, he didn’t expect Chen Ping’s seemingly normal sword to contain such a huge amount of energy, especially the golden dragon that was transformed by the sword qi, it seemed to devour everything!