Gu Tianzhao is not stupid, on the contrary, he is very smart, able to bend and stretch, otherwise he would not have spied on this door master position!
Now that Chen Ping is nowhere to be found and there is no one to help him, Gu Tianzhao knows that it is definitely impossible for him to be the door master, so he can only flatter Peng Wu!
As the saying goes, a great man can bend and bend, the big deal is to find an opportunity in the next twenty years!
Peng Wu saw that Gu Tianzhao was so understanding, so he no longer pursued anything!
If Gu Tianzhao dares to act slightly out of place today, Peng Wu could make a move!
‘Alright, you go back and prepare properly, just remember not to fall off the chain
when the time comes to recommend.’
Peng Wu waved his hand, intending to let Gu Tianzhao go back!
But right at this moment, a Two Yi Sect disciple hurriedly walked into the main hall and said, ‘Sect Master, Master Bai is here ……’
‘What? Master Bai is here? Could it be that the Divine Ripple Ancestor has some instructions?’
Seeing this, Peng Wu hurriedly got up to greet him, and the others didn’t dare to be slow!
One must know that Bai Chicory was the disciple of the Divine Pattern Ancestor, and this Two Yi Sect was founded by the Divine Pattern Ancestor in the first place!
All of them had to pass through Bai Chicory in order to see the Divine Pattern Ancestor, so these people didn’t dare to offend Bai Chicory!
Gu Tianzhao also followed Peng Wu to greet Bai Chicory!
But just after arriving at the entrance of the Two Yi Sect’s clan, Gu Tianzhao directly froze because he saw that Chen Ping was actually following Bai Chicory!
Peng Wu and the others did not recognise Chen Ping, and when they saw that Bai Chicory was bringing a young man over, they rushed forward and said, ‘Master Bai, why are you free to come here?’
‘Was this person arranged by the Old Ancestor? I’ll find a place for him right away.’
‘Sect Master Peng, this person was indeed arranged by my master’s old man, so he asked me to bring him here.’
White Chicory said!
‘I’ll make the arrangements.’ After Peng Wu finished speaking, he looked at Chen Ping and said very politely, ‘Brother, I’m Peng Wu, the Sect Master of this Two Yi Sect.’
‘My name is Chen Ping …….’
Chen Ping also introduced himself!
‘Chen Ping?’ Peng Wu was slightly stunned, feeling that this name was somewhat familiar, but for a moment there was first not to get up!
However, since it was someone introduced by the Old Ancestor, of course he had to pay attention to it!
‘Brother Chen Ping, since the Old Ancestor arranged for you to come here, then there must be some ability, you can first become an elder in the Two Yi Sect.’
Peng Wu felt that arranging an elder for Chen Ping would be good, after all, Chen Ping was so young!
Chen Ping just smiled and did not say anything, but Bai Chicory spoke up!
‘Sect Master Peng, the Old Ancestor is asking him to be the Sect Master, not to be an Elder.’
Bai Chicory said!
‘Sect Master?’ Peng Wu froze, and instantly said incredulously, ‘Master Bai, I’m still the Sect Master of the Two Yi Sect, how could the Old Ancestor suddenly arrange for a Sect Master to come?’
‘For so many years, it hasn’t been like this ah, in a few days it will start with the recommendation of the big guys, isn’t it whoever has the highest recommendation, whoever becomes the Sect Master?’
‘The Old Ancestor has never appointed a Sect Master to come over ah, this is also not like the Old Ancestor’s style.’
Peng Wu was very sceptical, after all, Chen Ping was so young, and for so many years, the Divine Ripple Old Ancestor had never interfered in the selection of the Two Yi Sect’s Sect Master!
So how about this time suddenly sending a Sect Master over?
‘What? Are you saying that I am lying?’
White Chicory said coldly!
‘I wouldn’t dare!’ Peng Wu shook his head and said, ‘It’s just that the Old Ancestor has never done this before, so I need to personally ask the Sect Master for instructions before I can do so.’
‘There’s no need to ask for instructions, what I’m conveying is my master’s meaning, whoever is the Sect Master of the Two Yi Sect, his old man is still qualified to speak.’
‘You’ve been this Two Yi Sect Sect Master all these years, privately cultivating forces, ganging up, and directly hollowing out the Sect Master Recommendation System, don’t think that Master doesn’t know.’
‘Back then, Master set up this system in order to select formation geniuses from it and cultivate them, but you occupied the position of the Two Yi Sect Sect Master and relied on all sorts of tactics to hollow out the recommendation system, and now that I’m letting you step down, do you have any grievances?’
Bai Chicory asked as he looked at Peng Wu with a grim face!