“Nie Heng, have you asked when the teleportation array will be repaired?”
Hearing a voice from the doorway, Ruyan Liu didn’t turn around, but instead asked indifferently!
“Missy, I didn’t ask.”
Nie Heng said!
“Why didn’t you ask? Could it be that we’ve been waiting here all this time if we couldn’t repair that teleportation array?”
“When did you become so unreliable in your work?”
Liu Ruyan looked a little angry and spoke in a heavier tone!
“Missy, I ran into an acquaintance on the way, so I didn’t ask.”
Nie Heng said!
“Acquaintance?”Ruyan Liu paused for a moment before continuing, “Since when do you have an acquaintance in the Central Region as well.”
“Eldest Miss, you know this acquaintance as well.”
Nie Heng said with a faint smile!
“I also know? Who is it?”Ruyan Liu asked curiously, but never turned around!
“It’s me ……”
Chen Ping spoke!
When she heard Chen Ping’s words, Ruyan Liu froze, followed by her body trembling slightly!
She struggled to turn around, and when Chen Ping’s figure did appear in front of her eyes, Ruyan Liu’s tears were like the mouth of a river that had broken its banks, and she could not stop them from flowing out!
Chen Ping stepped forward and gently swept Ruyan Liu into his arms!
Ruyan Liu relied on Chen Ping’s arms as she continued to cry, and the two of them did not say a word!
Seeing this, Nie Heng smiled faintly before quietly retreating and closing the door behind him!
Chen Ping gently caressed Liu Ruyan’s hair, silently soothing her!
Afterwards, he picked up Ruyan Liu and placed her on the bed!
Ruyan Liu looked at Chen Ping and blushed!
More than an hour later, Chen Ping and Ruyan Liu looked out of the window, both of their faces showing expressions of contentment and happiness!
“Ruyan, why did you guys run to the Pill Masters’ Association in the Central Region to take the teleportation array?”
Chen Ping was curious as to why Ruyan Liu and the girls did not go to the Northern Region’s Pill Masters’ Meeting!
Ji Yun had said that the Pill Masters’ Association in each region had a teleportation array that could teleport to Yongle City!
“The northern region is barren and there aren’t many pharmacists to begin with, although there is also a pharmacist association, it simply cannot afford the maintenance and activation of the teleportation array.”
“Activating the teleportation array requires a large amount of spirit stone resources, which the Northern Region’s Apothecary Guild simply can’t afford.”
“There are only a handful of people from the entire Northern Region who come to participate in the Pill Masters’ Conference.”
“If you hadn’t allowed the Jade Tripod Sect to consolidate and refrain from infighting in the first place, our Jade Tripod Sect wouldn’t have been qualified to participate in the Pill Masters’ Conference.”
Ruyan Liu explained after Chen Ping!
After Chen Ping heard this, he then understood why Ruyan Liu had run to the Central Region to take the teleportation array!
“Right, just now you said that the teleportation array was broken, what’s going on?”
Chen Ping asked!
“We’ve been here for several days now, and the Central Region Apothecary Guild’s teleportation array, I don’t know if it’s because it’s in disrepair or because it’s overloaded and overloaded, but it’s just broken.”
“It hasn’t been repaired for the past few days, otherwise this town wouldn’t have gathered so many people, all of these pill masters are waiting to take the teleportation array.”
Ruyan Liu said!
Only then did Chen Ping understand that all these pharmacists were stranded here, no wonder it was overcrowded!
“This Pill Masters Conference, is it where Pill Masters from all over the Celestial Realm, learn and spar with each other?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Yes, it’s mainly about learning from each other, taking the strengths of others and making up for their own shortcomings.”
“But there are also great competitions between pill masters, it’s also considered to be a martial arts meeting.”
“The Apothecary Assembly isn’t like other assemblies organised by other cultivators, where they go around fighting and killing each other.”
“The competition between the Apothecary Assembly is also more than their respective alchemy techniques, as well as alchemy implements.”
“In fact, these are all more than resources, after all, no matter if it’s alchemy, or utensils, they all require a lot of resources.”
Ruyan Liu said!
Chen Ping of course knew that the competition between pill masters was just a competition of alchemy, and there would be no bloodshed!
“Missy, I’m going to look over here, the formation hasn’t been repaired yet, the exact time it will be repaired is unknown!”
At this time, Nie Heng spoke up!