Ni Wei said, saw Lili opposite, so continued, “No wonder our young master Gu has grown in ability today, it turns out that he has asked out the goddess in his heart, it is really not simple, this is to show some performance in front of his goddess, ah?”
After saying that, Ni Wei pulled over Lili, one hand stopped Lili’s waist and said, “Miss Lili, how about accompanying this young master to have some fun?”
“Sir Ni, I have guests now, I can’t get away, I’ll have a few drinks with Sir Ni some other day!”
Lili said with a smile on her face.
It was hard for her to come across a kaiju like Chen Ping, she couldn’t just let it go easily!
Slap …………
But who knows, that Ni Wei smacked that Lili’s face: “D*mn, a b*tch dares to bargain with me now?”
The face of Lili was red and her eyes were full of aggression, but she didn’t dare to speak!
At this moment, Chen Ping acted as if he did not see it, Chen Ping would not come to the rescue of a hero for the sake of a young lady!
Chen Ping wouldn’t, but that didn’t mean Gu Feng wouldn’t. Lili was his dream goddess, and now that he saw his goddess being beaten up, how could Gu Feng stand it?
“Ni Wei, you f*cking let go of Lili, what kind of skill is beating a woman?”
Gu Feng grabbed the bottle and stood up, shouting angrily at Ni Wei.
Boom …………
As soon as Gu Feng’s words fell, one of the followers behind Ni Wei kicked Gu Feng fiercely, “Kid, is that the tone you take when you talk to Brother Wei?”
Gu Feng frowned, his face was ugly, and with a grit of his teeth, he said, “Paralyzed, I’ll get you guys ……”
Gu Feng grabbed the bottle and ruthlessly smashed it towards Ni Wei’s head!
The hero saved the beauty, now is the time to show yourself, so Gu Feng went out of his way, just want to leave a good impression in front of Lili.
But who knew that Gu Feng had just swung the bottle out and before it could hit Ni Wei, he was grabbed by the wrist, grabbed the bottle and smashed it hard at Gu Feng without any hesitation!
This time, Gu Feng was stunned and stood dumbfounded, allowing Ni Wei to smash him!
Seeing that the bottle was about to hit Gu Feng’s head, Chen Ping, who hadn’t moved, suddenly got up and grabbed Ni Wei’s wrist with a slight force, which caused Ni Wei to grimace in pain, and the bottle fell to the ground!
“All out to drink and play, for a dusty woman, it’s not worth it ……”
Chen Ping let go of that Ni Wei and shielded Gu Feng behind him.
No matter what, Gu Feng was also Gu Wentian’s grandson, Chen Ping couldn’t possibly see death and not save him!
Ni Wei looked at his bruised wrist and said with a face of anger, “Buddy, who are you? Tell me your name!”
“Sir Ni, this guy is Gu Feng’s brother-in-law, a thug!”
Lili said as she glared viciously at Chen Ping.
Just now, Chen Ping had P*ssed Lili off with the phrase “windy woman”!
“Gu Ling’er’s boyfriend?” Ni Wei couldn’t help but look at Chen Ping twice before he sneered and said, “Don’t think that because Gu Ling’er is an agent, that makes her great, she’s nothing in front of Laozi, she’s not even as good as this dusty woman ……”
Ni Wei cupped Lili’s chin with one hand and said to Chen Ping with a face full of disdain.
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, a cold intent erupted from his body, followed by a kick, directly sending that Ni Wei flying out!
With a crash …………
Ni Wei’s body flew several meters away before hitting a table heavily, smashing it to pieces!
“Ah …………” Many of the guests were so shocked by this sudden turn of events that they shrieked and ducked away in all directions.
Ni Wei grimaced as he climbed up, feeling like his body was falling apart, and looked at Chen Ping with a furious look on his face, “Give me a go, kill him ……”
The few men following Ni Wei were about to make their move when they heard an icy voice come out, “Who’s causing trouble in my bar? Don’t you know who owns this bar?”