Chen Ping hurriedly assisted Zi’er, after all, she was a fairy, although there was only a remnant soul left, her identity was also honourable, how could she kneel down for herself!
“Zi’er girl don’t have to be like this, but you have to first condescend to stay at the bottom of the sea, wait for me to finish my business, then take you away from the bottom of the sea, and then go to restore your physical body!”
Chen Ping said to Zi’er!
Now that Zi’er was attached to a tree, Chen Ping had no way to put her into a storage ring, he couldn’t hug a tree every day!
If the tree was brought out, it would probably be dangerous if some people detected that the tree had Immortal Qi!
So Chen Ping decided to leave Zi’er at the bottom of the sea, after all, no one came to the bottom of the Dead Sea, when Chen Ping dealt with the matter of Zhu Jia Town and brought Zhu Qing Yue back to Xiao Dynasty, he could bring Zi’er to Soul Demon Sect to restore her physical body by the way!
“Good, Zi’er will do everything at your son’s disposal!”
Zi’er said with a slight salute!
Chen Ping looked at that Zi’er, polite and courteous, the temperament of a great lady, no wonder she was a Seven Immortals, her manners were just high!
Retracting his divine sense, Chen Ping put the trees in his hands to a flat place!
In order to after all, the trees suffered damage from seawater or other people, Chen Ping began to carve formation patterns around them!
The trees could not be burnt to ashes by the seawater directly after Chen Ping left, that would be troublesome!
Chen Ping also added some Extreme Cold Ice Flame when he was carving the formation pattern, so that he could ensure the temperature within the formation!
Just as Chen Ping was concentrating on carving the formation, that Zhu Qingxiu slowly opened his eyes and let out a mouthful of turbid breath!
“This guy’s pills are really good, he recovered so quickly!”
Zhu Qingxiu felt refreshed and recovered a lot of his strength!
“Is it because you think this elixir of mine is good? I’ll give you some more, take it and use it!”
Chen Ping looked like he had heard Zhu Qingxiu’s words and directly threw Zhu Qingxiu a bottle of elixir!
Zhu Qingxiu held the elixir and did not know what to say for a moment!
After all, she had followed Chen Ping as a non-relative, and she had misunderstood Chen Ping in the beginning, but now Chen Ping was giving himself pills, Zhu Qingxiu always felt a little embarrassed!
“Take it, consider it as compensation for your precious sword!”
Chen Ping said slowly!
“That won’t do, since you said that you followed the Refining Sect with friendship, you must bring me another treasure sword from the Refining Sect.”
“I also happen to see if you really have a friendship with the Weapon Refining Sect, or are you just bragging ……”
Zhu Qingxiu still remembered her own sword that was chopped off by Chen Ping!
“Alright, when I go to the Weapon Refining Sect, I’ll bring you along and let you see if I have friendship with the Weapon Refining Sect!”
Chen Ping ignored Zhu Qingxiu and continued to start carving formation patterns!
“You still know formations?”
It was only then that Zhu Qingxiu realised that Chen Ping was drawing around on the ground, so it turned out that he was carving formations!
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to her, but concentrated on carving the formation pattern!
This formation was not only able to protect the trees in the formation, but it was also able to block the leakage of Immortal Qi within the trees so as not to expose the location!
Zhu Qingxiu moved closer to look carefully, then a flash of surprise flashed across her eyes and her expression changed slightly!
Although Zhu Qingxiu didn’t understand the art of formations, but he had never seen a pig walk without having eaten pork!
Back then, when the Ten Thousand Swords Sect had asked a formation master to set up the Sect Protector Formation, that formation master had also engraved formation patterns one by one!
That formation pattern looked much simpler than Chen Ping’s, and had received a lot of benefits from the Wan Jian Clan!
But Chen Ping, such a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, casually inscribed formation patterns that were so complex!
It should be known that the more advanced the formation, the more complex the formation pattern, the more difficult it is to carve!
Zhu Qingxiu wouldn’t be able to do it, but she had heard of it!
She couldn’t believe that Chen Ping was still a formation master, or an advanced formation master!
She had really underestimated Chen Ping!