Chen Ping was dumbfounded when he heard this!
What kind of condition is this?
And to have a child?
Chen Ping had never thought about having a child!
He followed Ji Ruxue and Ge Jiayi, Ge Yuhan, Han Qing’er, and they have all flirted with each other, and he didn’t hear anyone’s tummy move!
Could it be that he can’t?
Thinking of this, Chen Ping’s forehead had a cold sweat!
He had never thought about this, and only now that Bai Qian mentioned it did Chen Ping think about it!
“What’s a mother-in-law doing, answer or not?”
Bai Shallow saw that Chen Ping was not speaking, so she pursued!
Chen Ping was full of helplessness, he did not expect that his hallowed son of the dragon, the Heavenly Dragon Hall Master, would end up in a situation where he was blackmailed by a woman!
One would also have to sell one’s sex to be safe!
“Okay, I promise you to sleep every day ……”
Chen Ping nodded helplessly!
There was no way, he had to find a helper now to be able to do so, because Chen Ping knew that that Qi Peijia was definitely not dead and would definitely find himself!
Moreover, if the matter of him owning the Divine King’s Bow got out, there would be even more people looking for him!
As for Cai Hongwei and Elder Miao, although they could also help themselves, they were all too weak to fight against that Qi Peijia!
But this Bai Shallow is different, the strength of the seventh grade of the Transition Realm, really want to encounter that Qi Peijia, absolutely have the power to fight, plus Chen Ping words, that Qi Peijia is certainly not a rival!
Seeing Chen Ping agreed, Bai Shallow then faintly smiled and said “Then you follow me ……”
“Mr Chen, how did you run so fast ……”
At this time, Luo Xi panting also caught up!
Seeing Luo Xi, Bai Shao said “This little witch doesn’t care, I didn’t take the benefits ……”
“No, I promised Lord Luo Gu that I would take care of his daughter, I absolutely cannot leave Miss Luo behind.”
Chen Ping firmly shook his head, he could not leave Luo Xi behind!
In that case, Luo Xi was afraid that it would be very difficult for her to survive until the end in the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Bai Qian looked at Chen Ping with some disbelief “I didn’t think that you kid is still a warm hearted person who is true to his word, then let her follow along.”
“But add one more person to add a sleep ……”
Chen Ping frowned, then looked at his physique and nodded “Add it, who is afraid of ……”
Anyway, it’s already like this, don’t care about adding a sleep!
And listening to the dialogue between the two, Luo Xi was a bit confused “Mr Chen, what does adding a sleep mean?”
“Oh, it doesn’t mean anything, just follow me, don’t run around ……”
Chen Ping said with some embarrassment!
“Oh!” Luo Xi nodded!
Chen Ping and the three of them travelled through the mountain range, where there were treasures in this Divine Demon Battlefield was completely based on luck!
However, at this moment, Chen Ping’s mood was quite relaxed, at the very least, he did not have to worry about that Qi Peijia!
Chen Ping suddenly felt that it was quite a good feeling to be encumbered!
The mountains were rolling on and on, and everywhere was green and lush, with streams gurgling and flowing, the environment was very beautiful!
It couldn’t be better if one cultivated in this kind of place, but at the moment, none of the three were in the mood to appreciate the beautiful scenery, all of them spread their divine sense and put their attention on the treasures for fear of missing them!
“There should be something good up ahead ……”
Suddenly, Chen Ping ventured out!
Bai Shao and Luo Xi looked at Chen Ping at the same time!
“The aura in front is obviously different from the others, it seems much denser, there should be treasures there.”
Chen Ping explained!
Bai Shao gave Chen Ping a massive glance “A small cultivator of the first rank of the Transition Realm, is his divine sense that agile? I didn’t even notice it ……”
Bai Shao was a little less convinced, even if Chen Ping was a dragon, he was only a first grade of the Transition Realm, how could she not even notice it and Chen Ping found it?
“If you don’t believe me, just keep moving forward and see for yourself ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping walked straight forwards!