The skull had also been jadeised, appearing transparent, and the skull was emitting a large amount of heat!
The reason why the snow melted here was because of this skull!
Looking at the skull in front of him, Chen Ping did not dare to imagine that it would belong to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, a great devil!
Picking up the skull, a breath instantly surged into Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, while the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was so excited that he almost didn’t jump up!
“I remembered something ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch unexpectedly flew out of Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was shocked, the remnants of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s soul, which was still alive in his sea of consciousness, was afraid that it would soon go up in smoke if it was detached!
And that Shen Ji Zi was also startled when he saw a remnant soul suddenly fly out from Chen Ping’s body!
“Senior, it’s dangerous for you to do so!”
Chen Ping hurriedly warned!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch, however, did not speak, but instead took over his skull!
From within that skull, a faint light continued to follow the remnants of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s soul as it intertwined!
After a few moments, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch displayed a pained expression before reentering inside Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Shen Ji Zi watched everything dumbfounded, not daring to say a single word!
“Senior, what have you remembered?”
Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
“This mountain range is my burial ground, my corpse is buried under this entire Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said with dull eyes!
“This …………”
Chen Ping did not know what to say, this Heavenly Demon Mountain was the largest mountain range in the entire Celestial Realm, running through the entire Southern Domain.
And the Red Cloud Demon Lord’s corpse was buried in such a large mountain range.
This could be harder than finding a needle in a haystack!
How can we find it?
“Senior, do you know who killed you, then buried your corpse in the Heavenly Demon Mountain and trapped your remnant soul here?”
Chen Ping asked!
The person who was able to decapitate the Red Cloud Demon Monarch and split his body to bury it in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, as well as suppressing his soul in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, must also be very powerful!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch shook his head, “I don’t know, my memories are still blurry right now, but sooner or later I will know, sooner or later I will take revenge.”
In the Red Cloud Demon Lord’s eyes, killing intent began to appear!
This proved that he was slowly starting to recover his memories!
“Senior, right now there are only your hand bones and skull, I’m afraid it’s a bit difficult to regenerate, if there are opportunities and clues, I’ll be looking for other parts of the corpse for you.”
Chen Ping said to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
For the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Chen Ping could only serve carefully, if this fellow was truly reborn, he could be Chen Ping’s most powerful backer!
“Kid, you have a heart, if I am truly reborn, I can guarantee you a free ride in the Heavenly Realm!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said gratefully!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he knew that this guy was bragging!
The Heavenly Realm was full of experts, and there were many heavy heavens, and the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was only in the Nine Heavens!
If he was really bullish, he wouldn’t have been killed and subdued in pieces!
But to be invincible in the Celestial Realm and to help with ascension would be good for Chen Ping!
Leaving from the Snow Stream Valley, Chen Ping was going back to the Guanghan Palace!
Shen Ji Zi’s mission was also complete, and he was going to will South End City to continue to earn money!
“Fellow Daoist, although I don’t know your identity, but with all those divine weapons you are carrying, I can be sure that you are definitely not an ordinary cultivator.”
“I’m here with twenty purple gold spirit coins, all of them will be given to you, what I did in front of me is considered as a favour, and I also want to make you a friend!”
Shen Ji Zi wasn’t stupid, he was always afraid that Chen Ping would be vengeful if he had pitched Chen Ping’s money!
What’s more, using this amount of money to make friends with someone like Chen Ping was worth it!
Looking at Shen Ji Zi’s look, Chen Ping knew that this guy was scared after seeing his skills!
“Take this money, you deserve it, and I won’t trouble you for this amount of money.”
“Maybe after a while, I will have to trouble you, after all, you are more familiar with this place!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!