“Let me try ……”
Chen Ping held the Dragon Slashing Sword and slowly walked up the ladder!
“Mr Chen, I’m afraid you can’t, I can’t even break this prohibition.”
Cen Biqing said worriedly!
“Don’t worry, even if I can’t break this prohibition, I won’t be hurt.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and then walked up the ladder!
Because Chen Ping was not the one who suppressed, even if he went up the ladder, he could not trigger the prohibition!
“You few go up first, after you go up, don’t move around, wait for me to break the prohibition this time!”
Chen Ping told Ji Yun and the others to go up to the fourth floor first, he wanted to break the prohibitions on the third and fourth floors!
In that case, Cen Biqing would be able to go up to the fourth floor!
As for how to leave this tower, Chen Ping was thinking of a way!
Ji Yun and a few others nodded and then went up to the fourth floor, while Chen Ping said to Cen Biqing, “Miss Qing, you’re triggering the prohibition, I’ll break it!”
“Good!”Cen Biqing nodded, then slowly went up the steps!
Right after Cen Biqing stepped onto the ladder, with a buzzing sound, a white light appeared, followed by countless tiny mysterious runes in the surrounding void, these mysterious runes exuded a bizarre power, directly sending Cen Biqing flying out!
Seeing this, Chen Ping violently swung out his palm, and as he swung his palm, a formation rune also emerged in his palm!
In an instant, Chen Ping’s palm slapped on top of that forbidden formation, and the two runes began to produce a violent confrontation!
The void trembled ……
Cen Biqing watched in disbelief, she couldn’t believe that Chen Ping, a Ferrying Realm cultivator, was able to fight against the forbidden formation within this tower!
But just as Chen Ping broke the forbidden formation, Ji Yun and the others, who had already ascended to the fourth floor, had been stunned by the sight before them!
Only to see that the fourth floor was filled with treasures, all of which were emitting divine light, and at a glance, it was obvious that they were not mortal!
“So many treasures ah ……”
Lin Keting said with a glint in her eyes!
“Mr Chen said that he won’t let us move it casually.”
Ji Yun reminded Lin Keting, he was afraid that Lin Keting would run over to get the treasures privately!
“Don’t worry, I won’t go and take them, although these treasures are good, they’re not worth the risk.”
Lin Keting said!
Lin Keting wasn’t stupid, she knew that this tower was full of dangers, if she threw her life away for the sake of these treasures, it wouldn’t be worth it!
Her life was worth much more than these treasures!
“That’s good ……”
Ji Yun nodded!
But as soon as Ji Yun’s words fell, a figure suddenly rushed towards those treasures!
It turned out to be that Thunder Beast, this fellow had long been unable to hold back when he saw these treasures!
He had followed Chen Ping and the others in so that he could find the treasures!
Now that the opportunity was right in front of him, and Chen Ping was still not there, he could totally get the treasures and run away!
It was too late for Ji Yun and the others to stop him!
Only to see that Thunder Beast grabbing towards a treasure, but just at the moment of touching that treasure, that Thunder Beast seemed to sense something, its face instantly became unsightly, and its entire body was wrapped in a force!
“Save me, save me ……”
The Thunder Beast called out for help towards Ji Yun and the others in terror, but no one moved!
After all, they didn’t have any friendship following the Thunder Beast, and since this guy wanted to take advantage of the opportunity to seize the treasure, of course Ji Yun and the others wouldn’t step in to save them!
Only a pillar of light was seen hitting that Thunder Beast, and the Thunder Beast’s body unexpectedly shattered apart inch by inch!
After only a few moments, that Thunder Beast directly disappeared, its divine form extinguished!
Ji Yun and the others were also surprised as they watched this scene!
Just now, if any of them had gone to get the treasure, this might have been the result as well!
Simply too terrifying ……
That kind of power, which none of them had ever seen before, could instantly make a Mahayana realm cultivator like the Thunder Beast go up in smoke!