When Gu Wentian heard this, his eyes really lit up, then he said, “Chen Ping, since Boss Jin admitted he was wrong, let’s forget it, after all, nothing has been done to us yet ……”
Gu Wentian didn’t know that someone had already done it last night, they just hadn’t gone to his room yet!
“Since Ancient said so, then let’s forget it ……”
Of course Chen Ping had to give face to Gu Wentian, another point, Chen Ping didn’t kill Jin Fusheng, in order to be able to get some information from this guy’s mouth later!
Running the sea all year round to salvage sunken ships, he would definitely be able to salvage treasures, and if there were magic artifacts or something in it, Chen Ping could still be useful!
“Thank you, thank you Mr. Chen for not killing me ……”
Jin Fusheng kowtowed his head repeatedly to thank him, then led his men to escort Chen Ping and the others off the ship!
Chen Ping had to take Gu Ling’er to the Pill God Valley, so once he got off the boat, he had Jin Fusheng help him find a car and head towards the Pill God Valley!
As for Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong, with Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix protecting them, Jin Fusheng was no match for them, and after this incident, it was unlikely that Jin Fusheng would ever lay a finger on Gu Wentian again!
Chen Ping took Gu Ling’er and quickly rushed to the Pill God Valley, by now five days had pa*sed, and there were only two days left until the time to follow Long Xiao in the tournament.
“Chen Ping, what happened to Ling’er?”
Long Wu, who had been living in seclusion in the Pill God Valley, saw Chen Ping returning to the Pill God Valley with Gu Ling’er in his arms, and asked with concern.
“Uncle Long, Ling’er has been poisoned by someone else and I couldn’t find out, so I wanted Elder Xu and the others to check it out as well ……”
Chen Ping explained.
Hearing that Chen Ping had arrived, Xiaolan and Wu Mei’er also came running, and when they saw that Gu Ling’er was unconscious, the two girls were also worried!
“Valley Master ……”
Xu Changsheng came in a hurry with several other elders as well!
“Elder Xu, take a look, what kind of poison has Ling’er gotten, she has been unconscious ……”
Seeing that Xu Changsheng and the others had arrived, Chen Ping hurriedly said.
Xu Changsheng nodded, and then probed, but unfortunately several elders all probed, but did not find out what kind of poison Gu Ling’er had been poisoned with!
“Valley Master, this Ling’er girl’s poison is too strange, not a single sign of poisoning could be detected at all, could it be something else and not poisoning?”
Xu Changsheng asked with a frown.
“No, it was the person who gave the poison said so himself, and gave me and Ling’er the poison together, except that I am invulnerable to all poisons.”
Chen Ping shook his head and said.
Xu Changsheng frowned deeper: “That’s strange, how come we can’t even detect it, if we can’t detect what poison we’ve been poisoned with, we have no way to antidote it either, or else we can give Miss Ling’er an antidote pill to try first, if not, we’ll have to examine it in detail ……”
“Okay, Elder Xu, I’ll leave Ling’er to you guys first, don’t let anything happen to her, I still have things to do, I have to rush back to Kyoto, when I return, I still can’t find out the cause, then I’ll take Ling’er to find the person who poisoned her personally ……”
Chen Ping had to rush back to Kyoto to follow Long Xiao in the tournament!
Now that he possessed the power of the divine Dragon, he had absolute confidence in dealing with Long Xiao.
Once he had defeated Long Xiao, he would bring Ling’er to settle the score with that Northwest King Gu Kaiyuan.
“Don’t worry, Valley Master, although we can’t find out what kind of poison Miss Ling’er has been poisoned by, but Miss Ling’er’s breath is stable and will not be in danger of her life!”
Xu Changsheng said.
Hearing Xu Changsheng say this, Chen Ping was also relieved. Just as Chen Ping was about to turn around and leave, Long Wu caught up with him and said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, are you rushing back to follow that Long Xiao in the tournament?”
“Uncle Long, you know about it too?” Chen Ping was a little surprised, how could Long Wu also know about what was going on outside even though he was in the Pill God Valley.
“Of course I know, now the whole martial world is abuzz, you must be careful, the Long family has a divine weapon, I heard that it was left behind by a former Realm of Transformation, its power is overwhelming, I think this time Long Xiao will definitely take that divine weapon out and use it.”
Long Wu barked at Chen Ping.