The sun was setting in the west and it was getting dark, so Chen Ping got up and straightened his clothes, ready to go to the banquet!
But Su Yuqi was sleeping soundly at the moment, Chen Ping shouted twice, while Su Yuqi shook her head, “You go by yourself, I’m not going, I’m too sleepy, I want to sleep!”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi and finally turned around and walked away, Su Yuqi had a jade pendant to protect her body, if there was danger, Chen Ping would be the first to know.
Inside the Regal Hotel!
Almost all the dignified people in Jiangcheng had arrived, Su Wenzong on the other hand, because of Chen Ping, his status in Jiangcheng had jumped up, now even Gu Wentian and Ling Zhenchuan were treating Su Wenzong with respect!
People from other clans were even fawning over Su Wenzong, each with envy in their eyes, envying Su Wenzong for having a good daughter!
“Mr. Chen is here …………”
Someone shouted, and they saw Chen Ping pushing the door in, everyone got up and stood at the sides to greet Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded slightly as a greeting after the crowd, then sat down next to Su Wenzong!
Everyone else also took their seats, full of excitement, to be able to sit with Chen Ping at dinner, that was something that many powerful families were looking forward to!
“Mr. Chen, I heard Pavilion Master Li say that he wanted to invite you into the Protector Pavilion and that he gave you the position of Pavilion Master, but you refused?”
Gu Wentian was the first to speak up and ask Chen Ping.
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “I have too many trivial matters, I am not up to the task!”
When the crowd heard this, they were saddened for a moment, the position of the Provincial City’s Guardian Pavilion Master had been rejected, this was too bullish, and they truly knew how bullish Chen Ping’s strength was.
They really knew how powerful Chen Ping was. They had to know that this was the Lord of the Guardian Pavilion of the provincial city, which was bigger than even Ling Zhenchuan, the mayor.
“Let’s just have a good drink today, let’s not talk about anything else …………”
Su Wenzong knew that Chen Ping disliked people prying into his affairs the most, so he raised a gla*s of wine and proposed!
“Yes, yes, yes, just drink, no talking about things ……”
Gu Wentian nodded his head repeatedly.
Soon, the banquet started and everyone was chatting lively, while Chen Ping was vaguely worried about Su Yuqi in his heart!
And at this time, outside the Pan Long Bay villa area, two people wearing black robes and wrapping themselves up tightly, were walking towards the villa area!
The two people just walked past the security guards at the entrance, and those guards acted as if they didn’t see them.
The security guards didn’t seem to see them. You know that in a high-cla*s neighbourhood like this, they wouldn’t let strangers in, not to mention the fact that they were dressed strangely, so they didn’t look like good people.
But there was no security guard to stop these two people, and they walked in through the door!
“Did you guys feel that something went in?”
Suddenly one of the security guards asked with a frown.
“What was there? So many of us didn’t see it, but you did?”
Someone retorted to the guard!
“I don’t know, I always felt like someone had gone in, a gust of wind just blew me cold!”
The guard said with a puzzled look on his face.
“You kid didn’t see a ghost, did you?”
“Hahahahaha …………”
The other security guards started laughing!
This security guard stopped talking, but carried the baton in his hand, left the gate post and patrolled towards the inside of the villa area.
It was clear that this security guard was doing his job!
But when the security guard turned a corner with his baton, he suddenly saw two black figures appear in front of him, both wrapped in black robes, with only their eyes exposed!
“What are you people?” The guard was startled and hurriedly asked, holding up his baton.
Only to see one of the two black shadows, violently raising his hand, the guard’s body was instantly sucked over, his neck was directly stuck, and he began to have difficulty breathing!