Looks like there’s still a big difference between the two!
“Chen Ping, I have to admit that you’re the strongest person I’ve seen in the secular world!”
The Devil Envoy slowly brought out one of his hands that was behind his back.
“Cut the crap, do it ……”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice!
Only at this moment, Chen Ping’s attention was not on that devil amba*sador, what he needed was to destroy the divine altar or make the aura recovery stop.
Through his observation just now, Chen Ping knew that the aura revival was caused by the beam of light that was shot into the air from that divine altar, if he could block that light, maybe the aura revival would also stop!
“Kid, you seek death ……”
The devil amba*sador’s eyes faintly stared, a hint of harshness flashed, followed by an appalling aura erupting from above his two palms!
This time, the Devil Envoy was moved to kill, exploding his entire body’s cultivation as he slapped Chen Ping with one palm.
When he saw the devil amba*sador’s palm slap, Chen Ping’s face changed, and the aura of death instantly arrived, the aura became hotter and hotter, and in Chen Ping’s eyes, it was like a huge mountain pressing towards him.
But just as that aura of death was about to explode, Chen Ping’s body flickered violently, as if his entire body had pierced through time and space, his body instantly appeared to the side!
Boom …………
This palm hit directly into the air, followed by the ground shaking, instantly blasting out a large crater of nearly ten metres.
The crowd looked at the large crater that was blasted out, and their faces looked extremely ugly, if this hit a human body, even if Chen Ping’s flesh was strong, he probably wouldn’t be able to withstand it!
The devil amba*sador froze for a moment as the slap hit empty, followed by a gloomy look in his eyes!
Instead, Chen Ping ignored him and instantly unleashed his Invincible Golden Body, his entire body wrapped in golden scales, then leapt up, followed by a sword chopping down towards that divine altar!
“Hmph, I’ve said it before, you can’t destroy this divine altar.”
When the Devil Envoy saw that Chen Ping even wanted to destroy the divine altar, he couldn’t help but coldly snort.
Only, this time, Chen Ping was not trying to destroy the divine altar, but to cut off the beam of light!
After the sword chopped down, the light was instantly chopped into two pieces, but soon the light shot back up into mid-air!
You know there’s no way to cut this light, unless there’s something to block it!
Brush brush brush ……
After three more swords, the light of the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand began to fade, even though Chen Ping injected the power of the divine Dragon into it again, unfortunately, it could not be stopped!
It was as if the sword spirit within this Dragon Cutting Sword was damaged, after all, the intensity of this light could be imagined.
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, are you not stupid, you want to use your sword to cut through that light that communicates with heaven and earth, how is that possible ……”
“Unless you have something even stronger than your physical body to block this light, you won’t be able to stop the revival of the aura.”
The devil amba*sador saw that Chen Ping was not trying to destroy the divine altar, but to cut off that light!
That was simply ridiculous, how could light be cut off, unless it was blocked by something.
The Devil Envoy’s words instantly reminded Chen Ping of the Blood Demon’s flesh in his storage ring!
That Blood Demon’s flesh body was much stronger than his own, it must be able to block the light!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping directly took the Blood Demon’s flesh body out of his storage ring!
Seeing Chen Ping actually take out a corpse out of thin air, many people were shocked, after all, many people did not know about the existence of the Blood Demon’s flesh body!
And when that Demon Envoy saw Chen Ping take out the flesh of the Blood Demon, a burst of excitement and thrill rose up within him, only to deliberately put on a face and act as if he was in a state of panic!
Chen Ping threw the corpse of the Blood Demon towards the divine altar, and sure enough the strong flesh of the Blood Demon blocked the light instantly!
The overwhelming aura also became much lighter in this instant!
Seeing that Chen Ping had fallen for the trap, the devil amba*sador was inexorably excited, and his palm suddenly began to glow with a burst of white light.