But looking at Xiao Ru about to be taken away, Wu Mei Er’s heart was also anxious!
“Wait a minute ……”
Wu Mei’er shouted!
The devil amba*sador turned his head and looked at Wu Mei’er and said, “What do you want to do?”
Wu Mei’er suddenly revealed a faint smile, her eyes curved like a crescent moon and her eyes were full of affection!
At this moment, Wu Mei’er’s body exuded an aura that fascinated men!
Wu Mei’er intended to use the charm technique to control the demon envoy so that she could save Xiao Ru.
When the demon envoy saw Wu Mei’er’s appearance and felt the charming aura on her body, he froze slightly!
Seeing this, Wu Mei’er thought she had succeeded and took a step towards the Demon Amba*sador!
And Xiao Ru was trying so hard to break free from that demon amba*sador!
“Hahahaha, hahahaha …………”
“I never thought I would come across two people with special physiques!”
“God’s will, it’s simply God’s will, this time it’s not in vain ……”
The devil amba*sador suddenly threw back his head and laughed out loud!
Wu Mei’er was startled and turned around to run, but the devil amba*sador grabbed her with his hand, and a huge suction force directly sucked Wu Mei’er over!
The devil was controlling one with one hand and his face was full of complacency!
The devil’s ambition was to take control of one of them with one hand, and his face was full of satisfaction!
…………
The Devil’s Spirit Sect secret realm!
The devil amba*sador looked at the unconscious Xiao Ru and Wu Mei’er, his eyes shining with a brilliant aura!
Ever since he had regained his true body, he had never tasted a woman before!
And now, with two such great beauties right in front of his eyes, it made the Devil Envoy a little restless!
And this was even Chen Ping’s woman, and just thinking about it made the Demon Envoy feel a surge of excitement!
He could use this method to get back at Chen Ping properly!
“Chen Ping, I will record this part and play it for you to see when the time comes.”
With a lecherous smile on his face, the Devil Envoy pounced on Wu Mei’er and Xiao Ru immediately afterwards!
Slap …………
But just as the devil amba*sador made a vertical lunge, there was suddenly a burning pain in his face, followed by his entire body instantly flying backwards!
The figure of the great power slowly appeared, directly frightening that demon envoy to the ground on his knees!
“I said that when you catch someone with a special physique, you are to treat me well and not allow any harm to be done!”
“Are you taking my word for it and turning a deaf ear to it?”
The great power looked coldly at the demon envoy, and his eerie voice almost made that demon envoy P*ss himself!
“Great Power spare my life, my subordinate was confused for a moment, I will never dare to do it again, never again ……”
The devil envoy desperately kowtowed and begged for mercy!
“Let me ask you, that Su Yuqi has been on hunger strike for several days, why didn’t you report it?”
Mighty asked.
“My subordinate is trying to figure out what to do, and that Su Yuqi’s physical condition isn’t that bad, so my subordinate didn’t report it!”
The devil amba*sador hurriedly explained!
“Throw these two girls and that Su Yuqi into that secret realm that sealed Chen Ping together.”
The great power spoke.
The Devil Envoy froze and asked with a puzzled look on his face, “Mighty, wouldn’t that reunite that Chen Ping with his own girlfriend?”
“And how else will we extract that Su Yuqi’s blood?”
Da Neng smiled coldly, “What I’m doing is to reunite them, because only then will that Chen Ping settle down, and even if they are reunited, what can they do? They will never be able to escape from that secret realm!”
“As for that Su Yuqi’s blood, don’t be extracting it, compared to that special physique of hers, the blood from her body is nothing.”
“You have done well this time, to find two special physiques at once, do well, when we break through this secret realm and dominate the entire secular world, I will let you dominate one side of the world.”
The great power praised the demon envoy, a typical slap on the wrist to give a sweet date!
“My subordinate will definitely serve the great power with my liver and brain ……”
The devil amba*sador’s heart was full of excitement!