The others looked at the golden dragon roaming above Chen Ping’s head, and all of them were dumbstruck!
Chen Ping, a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, had given them too many shocks!
Facing the golden dragon, even the eighty-one fierce tigers began to become trembling!
This was the suppression of the bloodline, and these ancient beasts knew even more clearly in their hearts what kind of existence the Golden Dragon lineage was!
The Golden Dragon was the head of the Dragon Clan, while these tiger beasts were merely the kings of the beasts!
In comparison, the highs and lows were immediately judged!
Bone Cliff looked at the eighty-one shivering tigers, and inwardly, he also began to beat a retreat!
He could never have imagined that Chen Ping would invoke the Golden Dragon’s Soul, this was too outrageous!
Seeing Bone Cliff’s ugly expression and the trembling tigers, Chen Ping did not stop!
One could only see the Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand swinging in a smooth manner!
The golden dragon roared out and directly impacted towards those eighty-one fierce tigers!
The golden dragon charged into the group of tigers like a wolf entering a flock of sheep, biting one to death with a single bite and slapping another with a single claw!
Those tigers were in chaos, fleeing everywhere, but there was no way to escape from the island’s range!
In a moment, those fierce tigers were killed one by one by the golden dragon, and a single Prime Spear fell from mid-air into a pile of broken bones!
In just a few moments of effort, none of the eighty-one fierce tigers were left!
Bone Cliff’s thousands of years of torment and refinement of the Prime Spear had all been reduced to nothing!
Without the Prime Spear, Bone Cliff was like a tiger without teeth!
After killing the tigers, the Golden Dragon roared and rose into the sky, then entered Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping quietly looked at the Bone Cliff, his face filled with indifference!
And at this moment, Bone Cliff no longer had the arrogance that he had just had, just like a deflated leather ball!
“I didn’t expect that after suffering for thousands of years, I would soon be able to recover my physical body, but I fell into the hands of a little brat like you.”
“That’s just it, this might be the will of heaven, this is my destiny, only to be killed by you, a Harmonisation realm little cultivator, what face do I have left?”
“Even if I die, I want all of you to follow me and accompany me to the grave ……”
After Bone Cliff finished speaking, his hands slowly formed a seal in front of his chest, and his entire body was suspended in mid-air, and a silver bell suddenly rang out between heaven and earth!
This sound, as if it came from beyond the Nine Heavens, and as if it came from the abyss of the earth, resounded throughout the entire island!
Hearing the sound of this silver bell, everyone was dumbfounded!
Bone Cliff slowly opened his mouth, a Fan Scripture was transmitted in all directions from Bone Cliff’s mouth, along with Bone Cliff’s scripture exit, heaven and earth followed and trembled, and endless heat waves rose up from the island and the sea of ink!
Dao flames approached towards the Bone Cliff, and endless runes flickered within the flames!
The heavens and earth were instantly filled with flames, and the entire Ink Sea was rushing and rolling, turning the sky into a sea of fire!
Looking at the spell cast by Bone Cliff, Chen Ping frowned slightly, worthy of being an Ancient Cultivator, even without his main body, he was still able to cast such a spell in a single instance with his residual soul!
Bone Cliff’s right hand slowly raised, a black fire lotus flower appeared in front of him, the black sea of ink reflected the black fire lotus flower, causing the entire void to become distorted!
The appearance of the fire lotus caused all the flame power in the surrounding heaven and earth to surge towards Bone Cliff!
The sea of ink was like a volcano erupting, and clusters of flames erupted from the bottom of the sea!
The fire lotus flower grew bigger and bigger, and Bone Cliff’s entire body was suspended in the centre of the fire lotus flower, wrapped in flames!
And then the flames that erupted, one by one all converged on the fire lotus flower, as if it was a fire dragon!
Everyone who saw this scene was completely stunned, this Bone Cliff was going to destroy the heavens and the earth, and die with them!
The fire lotus flower continued to absorb the flames, and it grew bigger and bigger, in the end it directly covered the entire island!
“Get on the spirit ship, go, go ……”
Chen Ping roared at the still dazed crowd!