As he watched the black qi continue to head towards the man in the suit, the ice dragon also began to turn a little violent.
Soon, the black gas above the man in the suit’s head slowly converged into a large fist, and the man in the suit glared at his feet, heading directly towards the ice dragon.
The ice dragon did not show any weakness, silky screamed twice and opened its bloody mouth towards the man in the suit as well.
The two sides crossed paths and battled together, and all the people on the shore could not help but retreat, fearing that they might be affected.
Only Chen Ping stood motionless watching, his eyebrows knitted together, the strength of this evil cultivator, surprisingly exceeded Chen Ping’s imagination, did not expect that this guy’s magic was also so powerful, hidden is really deep.
Just then, Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai also brought their men over, seeing the scene in mid-air where the man in the suit was fighting after the ice dragon, each of their faces turned ugly.
Boom!
With a muffled sound, the man in the suit and the ice dragon both retreated backwards, but it was obvious that the man in the suit suffered more, as he had been directly knocked out by the ice dragon.
The man in the suit fell to the ground, his face as white as a sheet and blood spurting out of his mouth.
And the ice dragon seemed to have been hurt quite badly, too, as his whole body fell straight back into the water after a single blow.
Gradually the lake regained its calmness, and everyone looked at the man in the suit with a stony face.
“Second brother, it’s bad, this guy can’t fight the ice dragon, it looks like he can’t escape, what should we do?”
Qin Xiaoxian saw that the man in the suit was injured and knew that this guy would definitely not be able to escape, after all, Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai had also arrived, there was no way they would watch an injured evil cultivator leave.
Qin Xiaoxian was silent, his face constantly changing, he didn’t know, how injured the man in the suit was, and he didn’t dare to go out rashly.
As for Zhao Barging, after seeing the man in the suit being knocked to the ground and blood spurting out of his mouth, a smile appeared on his face.
Now he could finally take his revenge. On the cruise ship, the man in the suit had not given him face, and now it was the right time to take advantage of his illness to kill him.
Zhao Bargan waved his hand and brought a few of his men with him, then surrounded the man in the suit.
When the man in the suit saw that Zhao Bargan had surrounded himself with his men, his face changed dramatically. He didn’t need to think about it to know that this Zhao Bargan was just looking for revenge.
The man in the suit knew that if he didn’t fight for his life, it would be difficult to escape from here.
“Haha …… Aren’t you a bully? How about it, now that you’ve fallen into my hands, I’ll let you know what life is worse than death in a moment!”
Zhao Barging looked at the man in the suit and said with a face full of smugness.
Although the man in the suit glared angrily, he was already seriously injured at this moment, so it was impossible for him to be a match for Zhao Barging, so he could only let Zhao Barging scream and curse.
Seeing that the man in the suit didn’t say anything back, Zhao Bargan’s heart felt even more painful as he lifted one foot and stomped on the man’s face fiercely.
The man in the suit was completely enraged by Zhao Barging’s action. As a Martial Arts Sect, he was humiliated by a small Grandmaster, so the man in the suit was not going to put up with it anymore.
The man in the suit fumbled with his body, and Zhao thought he was going to pull out some kind of weapon, so he took two steps back in fear.
But when he looked at him, he saw the man in the suit pull out a puppet doll, and he couldn’t help but laugh.
“Paralyzed, how old are you still playing with dolls!”
Zhao Barging said with a sneer on his face.
“Haha ……”
Zhao Barging’s men all laughed out loud as well.
The man in the suit ignored Zhao Barging’s sneer, but took the doll in his hand and after biting through the tip of his tongue, he sprayed a mouthful of essence blood on the doll’s body.
Originally already heavily wounded, this mouthful of essence blood sprayed out, making the man in the suit’s injuries even worse, his face as white as paper, nearly fainting.