“How do you and that Red Phoenix know each other?”
On the way back, Gu Ling’er looked at Chen Ping with a strange expression and asked.
“What how do you know each other?” Chen Ping played dumb!
“Stop pretending for me, that Red Phoenix Hall’s Hall Master, Red Phoenix, why is she so polite to you? Don’t you tell me that she has her eye on you ……”
Gu Ling’er was sitting on the pa*senger side, staring at Chen Ping with a deadly gaze, as if she wanted to see something from Chen Ping’s expression!
But at this time Chen Ping’s face was calm, without the slightest fluctuation in expression, Gu Ling’er could not see anything!
“You might actually be right, maybe that Red Phoenix likes me, after all, what woman doesn’t like handsome men!”
Chen Ping said with a playful smile.
“Come on don’t be narcissistic, if you don’t tell me, then get off and ignore you from now on!”
Gu Ling’er threatened Chen Ping!
Chen Ping laughed helplessly and could only tell about following Gu Feng to the Phoenix Bar, then getting into a conflict and meeting Red Phoenix!
Of course he couldn’t tell Gu Ling’er that Red Phoenix was one of his own Heavenly Dragon Palace men, he could only say that he had fought with Red Phoenix and that Red Phoenix had lost a move so he had become respectful to him!
“You actually defeated Red Phoenix?” After hearing this, Gu Ling’er’s face instantly rose in surprise!
“What’s so surprising about defeating her?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Gu Ling’er in disbelief.
“If you can defeat Red Phoenix, you might be able to defeat that Jiang Zhengzhong, Jiang Zhengzhong stepped into the strength of an Inner Strength Grandmaster a long time ago, but this Red Phoenix is not bad either, I heard that she has also stepped into the Inner Strength Grandmaster, if that is true, then there is no need to fear the Jiang family!”
Gu Ling’er’s face was full of excitement, if Chen Ping could really defeat that Jiang Zhengzhong, all would be well!
“What’s the point? I told you a long time ago that the Jiang family is not even in my eyes!”
Chen Ping said disdainfully.
“Alright, don’t blow it off, there is more than one Jiang Zhengzhong in the Jiang Family, you should still be careful.”
Gu Ling’er threw a pot of cold water on Chen Ping.
But Chen Ping didn’t care, no matter what other experts the Jiang family had, Chen Ping wouldn’t put it in his eyes, after all, martial artists and their immortal cultivators were not of the same magnitude in themselves, there was nothing to be afraid of!
When he returned to Gu Ling’er’s place, it was already midnight, and Gu Ling’er, who was a little sleepy, was just about to go to bed when Gu Feng came running in!
When Gu Feng entered the room and saw Chen Ping lying on the sofa, the whole person shrieked as if he had seen a ghost.
“Gu Feng, what are you doing here in the middle of the night? And yelling like crazy!”
Gu Ling’er roared at Gu Feng in anger.
“Sister …… sister …… he …… he …… …… Isn’t he dead?”
Gu Feng trembled and pointed at Chen Ping on the sofa.
“Dead?” Gu Ling’er was dumbfounded!
At this time Chen Ping opened his eyes to look at Gu Feng: “Who told you I was dead?”
“How can one live after offending Brother Long of the Red Phoenix Hall, did Brother Long set you free?”
Gu Feng asked incredulously.
Chen Ping laughed, not paying any attention to that guy Gu Feng, this guy was too much of a wimp!
“What are you talking nonsense about? It’s all your fault for taking him to some bar and messing with the Red Phoenix Hall, but it’s fine now!”
Gu Ling’er told the story of Chen Ping defeating Red Phoenix inside the bar after Gu Feng.
And she also told Gu Feng about how Red Phoenix had treated Chen Ping with respect and deference!
As soon as Gu Feng heard this, his entire body perked up.
“Holy sh*t, brother-in-law, I didn’t expect you to be so awesome that you defeated Red Phoenix? Then even if we come across people from Red Phoenix Hall in the future, we can still walk across the streets?”
Gu Feng jumped headlong to Chen Ping’s side and squatted down to look at Chen Ping on the sofa.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not say anything, Gu Feng continued, “Brother-in-law, why don’t you sleep in the same room with my sister? This is what age, it’s normal to sleep together even if you’re not married, not to mention sleeping together, even if you’re unmarried and have a child!”