And Chen Ping’s current strength is unfathomable, Long Xiao really if not lower Chen Ping, then it will be dangerous.
“Of course I understand these, the place of trial, life and death is up to ……”
Mr. Shi said coldly.
When Long Jingguo saw that Mr. Shi had said so, he could only nod and say, “Since Mr. Shi said so, then Chen Ping can participate, but if anything really happens, I still hope that Mr. Shi will not blame the Long Family ……”
“Don’t worry!” Mr. Shi finished and threw the document back, “The application is approved ……”
Mr. Shi waved his hand and Long Jingguo exited the Protectorate Court!
Leaving the Guardian Pavilion to command, Long Jingguo’s face was ugly, he had to go back and plan this trial again, he couldn’t let any accidents happen then because of Chen Ping’s participation!
………………
South China Sea, Penglai Island ……
After two days of sailing, Zhu Zhi Shan had arrived on top of this enchanting island!
There were only tens of thousands of people on Penglai Island, but everyone here was a highly powerful expert, there were no ordinary people, and the weakest ones were heard to have reached the level of Zong Shi!
Penglai Island is located in the distant sea, surrounded by a vast ocean, so the spiritual energy here is obviously more abundant than other places!
Slowly, some immortal cultivators all gathered on this Penglai Island.
Later, word of mouth spread, and Penglai Island became an immortal island!
However, only those who really knew understood that Penglai Island was not as beautiful as people imagined, and that the people here were not immortals who flew into the sky and into the earth, but lived an ordinary life.
The whole Penglai Island is controlled by a guy named Du Da, who is the emperor of this Penglai Island, and everything is at his disposal.
But this Duda had a friendship with Zhu Zhishan, who immediately thought of him after discovering Chen Ping’s identity as an immortal cultivator.
Because Zhu Zhishan knew that in this society of depleted spiritual energy, immortal cultivators had long since become unsuited to the times, and many of them were very low in strength.
Yet this Chen Ping, in just a few months, had managed to soar in strength, there must be some reason for this, and Zhu Zhishan was precisely trying to use this to get Du Da to strike at Chen Ping!
“Who are you?”
Outside a palace, two guards stopped Zhu Zhishan!
At this moment, Zhu Zhishan had lost an arm and was already exhausted after two days of sailing, his face was haggard and he looked like a beggar!
“I’m here to find Duda, please give a notice ……”
Zhu Zhishan said very politely.
One of the guards looked Zhu Zhishan up and down, then his face turned cold and said, “How dare you, a beggar, how dare you call our King Du by his name?”
“This brother, you have misunderstood, I am not a beggar, I am a friend of your King Du and have come over from the inland to look for him on purpose.”
Zhu Zhishan hurriedly explained in a low voice.
He was the Martial Alliance Alliance Master, but now he was speaking in such a low voice.
The guard looked at Zhu Zhishan once again before he said coldly, “Follow me ……”
Zhu Zhishan followed the guard through a palace, then came to a stone wall, and after pressing a mechanism, the stone wall opened a door!
Here is a beautiful environment with birdsong and flowers!
Zhu Zhishan looked at the scenery and couldn’t help but sigh in admiration, to be an emperor in a place like this would be very comfortable.
Soon, the guard led Zhu Zhishan to a place draped with immortal aura, and then said, “King Du, an old friend of yours is visiting ……”
“It’s old brother Zhu, right, let him in ……”
A loud voice came through!
When Zhu Zhishan heard it, he immediately walked in quickly, “Old Brother Du, your place is really a fairyland on earth ……”
“Elder brother Zhu is complimenting you, how can I not be as dashing as you, the Martial Arts Union’s alliance leader, in Kyoto, which clan and family does not kiss your a*s?”
Du Da said with a faint smile!
And when Du Da looked at Zhu Zhishan’s appearance, his brows suddenly frowned, “Old Brother Zhu, what’s wrong with you?”