Kunlun Mountain, at the foot of the mountain!
Four men are walking forward in a hurry with a man covered by a black scarf!
Before reaching a huge rock, the four men stop!
After looking around for a moment, one of them stepped forward and mouthed the words, then saw a void fluctuate in mid-air, followed by a dark crack in space-time!
Seeing this, the four men hurriedly led the way in, before the rift was closed!
Soon, the scenery in front of the four changed, what was originally a green and tree-lined environment was now indeed snow-capped!
Fortunately, these four people were all Martial Marquis realms, so this bit of cold would not affect them much at all.
The four of them looked up and saw that not far away, a magnificent palace appeared, and under the snow, it was very majestic!
“This is the legendary secret realm, in my lifetime, to be able to come here and walk up here, it is not a trip in vain ……”
One of them sighed and then headed towards the palace.
The four men arrived at the palace door, only to see a plaque on it with three big gilt letters: Purple Sky Mansion
And in front of the Purple Sky Mansion, two guards wore silver armour and had cold faces.
The aura on their bodies, on the other hand, was very powerful, far stronger than these four men.
“Who are you people?”
The guards asked in a cold voice.
“We are from the Dragon Family, we have come to deliver a person over to the Purple Sky Mansion, and have a letter to deliver to one Han Fusheng.”
One of the four men, stepped forward and said carefully.
“How dare you, our Lord of the Purple Sky Mansion, is it also for you and others to call him by his name?”
The two guards were furious and their auras instantly erupted from their bodies.
The four Dragon Family experts fell to their knees as soon as their legs went limp!
These four men were all at the late Martial Marquis stage, and in the Kyoto martial arts world, they were considered experts, or else they wouldn’t have been kept by Long Jingguo as a base card!
But now, these four experts of the Long Family, in front of these two guards of the Purple Sky Mansion, did not have the slightest power to fight back!
“The two of you spare our lives, we are also heartless ……”
None of the four had expected that the one called Han Fusheng was actually the Purple Sky Mansion’s lord.
If Long Jingguo had explained to them, they would never have asked this.
In fact, Long Jingguo didn’t know that back then, that Han Fusheng was just a grandson of the Purple Sky Mansion, and he was the one who had taken a fancy to Chen Ping’s mother, Long Ruotong.
Who knew that after twenty years had pa*sed, that Han Fusheng would become the House Master of the Purple Sky House.
“The House Master has orders, let them in ……”
At that moment, in mid-air, a light suddenly appeared, followed by a woman in a white dress coming out of the light!
The woman was wearing a hairpin and her skin was fair, but looking at her appearance and dress, she should be a subordinate of the Purple Sky Mansion!
The two guards saw the woman and nodded slightly.
The four Dragon Family experts got up, took Long Ruotong with them, and followed the woman into that light!
The light disappeared, and so did several people’s figures!
When the four Dragon Family experts reacted, they found that they were already on top of a large hall!
The hall was large, but empty!
The four experts of the Dragon Family didn’t dare to breathe, in this hall, they felt that they were worse than ants!
“House Master, the men have been brought in ……”
The woman said to the chair made of Chinese white jade in front of her.
Just as the four Dragon Family experts were surprised as to why this woman was speaking to the air.
A wave of air fluctuated, and immediately after that empty chair, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared.
This man was Han Fusheng, the Lord of the Purple Sky Mansion!
The four Dragon Family experts were dumbfounded, they had never seen such an advanced spatial technique before.
It was simply out of this world and infinitely variable!
“This is our House Master, didn’t you guys say you had a letter to deliver to the House Master?”
The woman asked to the four Dragon Family experts.