Only to see that the runes on Lin Keting’s palm looked like they had come to life, and then floated away into the air!
Buzz ……
Along with a tremor in the void, all of that prohibition instantly disappeared into thin air!
Chen Ping also felt that all of his power was available to him!
Chen Ping looked at Lin Keting incredulously, he really did not expect that Lin Keting would be able to break through this prohibition!
“Now you can heal your wounds!”Lin Keting said as she looked at Chen Ping!
“Did you place this prohibition? How could it be like this? Who the hell are you?”
Chen Ping looked at Lin Keting with wary eyes!
“No, no, no, no, this is not a prohibition that I laid down, where would I have that ability.”
“This was laid by my master, just now I used my master’s runes to break this prohibition.”
Lin Keting hurriedly waved her hand and explained!
“Your master? Why did he lay down a prohibition? And what is the purpose of your coming here?”
Chen Ping kept pursuing the question!
Lin Keting frowned slightly and seemed to be in some difficulty, but in the end, she opened her mouth and followed Chen Ping’s words!
When Chen Ping finished listening, his entire being almost did not die of anger!
It turned out that this Divine Demon Battlefield, had long since not been primitive, Lin Keting’s master had laid down prohibitions in this Divine Demon Battlefield, as well as the stone statues and treasures in front of it, and even those Immortal Laws, all of which were laid out in advance!
In order to attract people, and then use these things to earn spirit stones only, Lin Keting is not here to find any treasures, is to earn spirit stones!
No wonder this Lin Keting wasn’t interested in anything and could easily pass through that boulder illusion formation!
This time, charging for entry, and auctioning off those divine weapons, Lin Keting had really earned a lot of spirit stones!
However, the sudden appearance of the thunder beast at the back, as well as the remnants of this demonic cultivator’s soul, were all things that Lin Keting did not anticipate!
That was why Lin Keting was thinking of leaving back there, except that no one had asked, so she could only follow with her head!
“You guys are cheating people in order to earn spirit stones, it’s too unethical ……”
Chen Ping said helplessly!
“Who’s lacking in virtue, those techniques and divine weapons can be real, it’s not like they’re cheating people.”
Lin Keting retorted!
“Could it be that your master is from the Heavenly Realm?”Chen Ping took the opportunity to ask!
“You don’t want to know if I don’t tell you, being able to tell you this much is good enough for me.”
“You hurry up and heal your wounds, this matter must not be allowed to be told to anyone else, otherwise I will ignore you.”
Lin Keting barked at Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Ping was getting more and more curious about Lin Keting’s identity, but since Lin Keting was not saying anything, Chen Ping knew that he could not pursue the matter or else he would really annoy her!
“Okay, don’t worry, I won’t say anything, but those Purple Gold Spirit Coins that you cheated me with, remember to return them to me when you go out!”
Chen Ping said!
“Hmph, cheapskate, I’ll return them to you when the time comes!”Lin Keting blanked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not speak anymore, but sat down on the side and started to heal his wounds, and took out some pills from his storage ring to take!
He also gave Lin Keting a few pills, although Lin Keting had not suffered any injuries, she was also shocked and needed some pills to calm her mind!
After about an hour, Chen Ping’s injuries were almost healed, having regained his strength, this injury was nothing.
Lin Keting, on the other hand, was looking at Chen Ping curiously, she was also very puzzled and curious about Chen Ping!
A small cultivator of the seventh rank of the Transitional Apparition realm, yet he was able to execute sword intent and his physical body was still so strong!
Most importantly, not only did he know about formations, he was also a pharmacist!
Simply an all-round talent!
A wound that heavy, and it’s only been an hour, and it’s almost healed!
“Let’s go, let’s go find the others, now that the ban has been removed, it’s expected that many people are going to move!”
Chen Ping got up and said to Lin Keting!