“No need to look at me with such surprise, nothing can be hidden from me in the whole Jiangbei province, could it be that you, a grandson of the titled Xiao family, are willing to be pressured by a reformed prisoner?”
Wei Tao asked as he looked at Xiao Lei with disdain.
“Ai!” Xiao Lei sighed, “Sir Wei doesn’t know, I don’t know what that Chen Ping is capable of, being looked up to by figures like Gu Wentian, Lin Tianhu and Su Wenzong, each of whom treat him with respect, my Xiao family is no match for him!”
“Hahahaha, Gu Wentian, Lin Tianhu and Su Wenzong are so powerful one by one, it’s really scary ……”
Wei Tao laughed out loud, his eyes filled with disdain.
Xiao Lei was full of embarra*sment and said, “These people are certainly nothing in the eyes of Duke Wei, but how dare my Xiao family follow Duke Wei!”
“Xiao Lei, I am now giving you a chance, are you willing?”
Wei Tao said as his eyes narrowed.
Xiao Lei was stunned and said, “I don’t know what the chance that Duke Wei is talking about is!”
“I can let you take revenge on that Chen Ping to your heart’s content, and none of these people you are talking about would dare to help him ……”
Wei Tao said with a wry smile.
“Really?” Xiao Lei’s eyes lit up, but quickly darkened and said, “Why would Duke Wei want to help me? I don’t think Duke Wei is helping people!”
“Hahahaha, helping others? I, Wei Tao, never help people for fun, when I help you deal with Chen Ping, I am also helping myself, have you forgotten my relationship with Su Yuqi?”
Wei Tao laughed!
Xiao Lei was stunned, but then said with an excited look on his face, “Duke Wei likes Su Yuqi, while now that Chen Ping is getting particularly close to Su Yuqi, the two have even said in public that they are boyfriend and girlfriend!”
“Not bad, my Wei Tao’s woman, how could she be snatched away by a reformer, let me tell you the truth, that Ling Feng was also pinched by this Chen Ping and broke his wrist, now he hates Chen Ping to the bone, do you think with me and Ling Feng behind you, who would dare to help that Chen Ping?”
Wei Tao said with a gloomy face.
“Ling Feng?” Xiao Lei’s eyes instantly widened, “Is that Mayor Ling’s grandson?”
“Not bad, that Ling Feng also likes Su Yuqi, you should have heard about it, the two have clashed over it, now Ling Feng is in the way and can’t show his face, while I am after all a long way away and not quite suitable, so the most suitable candidate is you!”
Wei Tao unapologetically followed Xiao Lei and said.
“Hahahaha, hahahaha ………… this Chen Ping is really a long-lived man who eats arsenic, he thinks his life is too long ah, even Mayor Ling’s son dares to hit, this time he is definitely dead!” Xiao Lei laughed out loud, his face full of excitement, “If I had known this was the case, I wouldn’t have given him those two companies!”
“If you kill Chen Ping, the companies will still come back to you just the same!” Wei Tao smiled!
“Right!” Xiao Lei nodded, “Sir Wei, what should I do? That Chen Ping knows kung fu and is very strong, I’m afraid …………”
“Don’t worry, these two bodyguards I brought are at your disposal, they are both experts, besides if you do this, you can guarantee that Chen Ping will behave himself ……”
Wei Tao whispered in Xiao Lei’s ear!
After hearing Wei Tao’s words, Xiao Lei couldn’t help but shiver: “Wei Gongzi, this …… won’t work, right? That Su Wenzong will definitely retaliate like crazy.”
“You are afraid of a ball ah, or not to let you do Su Yuqi, she is only a decoy, when the person is handed over to me, Su Wenzong can still do anything to me?”
Wei Tao looked at Xiao Lei with contempt and said.
“That’s also true!” Xiao Lei nodded, “Since I have Duke Wei backing me up, I don’t have to be afraid!”
“Go ahead, I believe in you, when the time comes for our two strong families to join forces, your Xiao family will definitely become the richest in Hongcheng!”
Wei Tao patted Xiao Lei’s shoulder.