With so many people, attacking Chen Ping alone, even if he was a man of bronze and iron, he would have been beaten to death long ago.
But at this moment, although Chen Ping’s body had injuries, they were not fatal.
One could imagine to what terrifying extent Chen Ping’s body was strong.
“Everyone, we can’t be intimidated by this Chen Ping, hold on a little longer and this kid will surely die ……”
Ning Zhi could see that some of these people were actually retreating, so he leapt up with his sword in hand.
He could not let these people have the mentality to retreat.
If anyone fled at this time, the common defence that these people had built up in an instant would collapse.
The reason why the Luo family, with the Desolate North Martial Daoist Community, had not been able to destroy the Valley of the Wicked was because of this.
So Ning Zhi didn’t want this scene to play out, on his own!
Ning Zhi’s strike caused the others to instantly raise their fighting spirit as well.
One by one, they flashed their jutsu and continuously blasted towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping wielded the Dragon Cutting Sword, his body bathed in blood, like a god of killing, without any regard for his own life.
With every swing of his sword, he took away the life of a Sect Leader!
And the golden scales on Chen Ping’s body had already disappeared.
The Unbreakable Golden Body crumbled, and for a short time Chen Ping could not use it anymore.
Relying only on his physical body, Chen Ping still gritted his teeth and carried on.
With a single wound and a bloody hole, Chen Ping’s body was no longer intact.
But at this moment, Chen Ping did not care at all. At this moment, there was only one thought in Chen Ping’s mind.
That is “kill ……”
Finally, the crowd’s psyche was shattered and they all had the intention to retreat!
Because they didn’t know whose life Chen Ping was going to take with his next sword.
Everyone was on tenterhooks.
The killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, the aura that burst out, also made these people chill.
They had never seen such a person before.
If so many people attacked together, not to mention a Martial Sect, even a Martial Marquis would probably not be able to withstand it.
But Chen Ping, who was clearly only at the Martial Sect realm, was indeed displaying the strength of a Martial Marquis.
“Duke Ning, this Chen Ping is simply a devil, if this continues, we people are afraid that countless people will be killed or injured!”
Someone couldn’t carry on and began to say.
“Yeah, how come this guy seems like he can’t be beaten to death?”
“I’m running out of energy now, I’m afraid I won’t be able to support him for long back there!”
“Sir Ning, it’s not that we’re on the verge of running away, it’s really because this Chen Ping is too perverted.”
Some people couldn’t carry on and began to withdraw back.
In this way, more and more people retreated, while Chen Ping’s pressure became less and less.
The Zenglong Sword in his hand swung even more fiercely!
In the end, only Ning Zhi was left alone to face Chen Ping, while the others stood behind Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi’s face turned extremely ugly this time.
He had not expected that these guys were so unreliable.
Even more unexpectedly, Chen Ping’s strength had exceeded his expectations by too much.
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Chopping Sword, and his entire body had long since become a bloody man, with many places revealing the ghastly white bones, a very terrifying appearance.
“Hand over the man, or die ……”
Chen Ping squinted his eyes, the bright red blood, causing his eyesight to begin to blur.
But Chen Ping still gritted his teeth and held on!
Ning Zhi’s face changed and changed, even though the Chen Ping in front of him was severely injured, Ning Zhi did not dare to fight alone.
At this moment, Ning Zhi’s heart had also long been shaken by this appearance of Chen Ping, and he did not dare to make a move.
Ning Zhi had some regrets, he should not have let those experts of the Ning Clan that he had gathered go.
Ning Zhi had originally thought that with so many sects and families already belonging to the Ning Family, he would be able to kill Chen Ping even if he came out of the gate!
But he had not expected that no one would really sell their lives under the threat of death.
“Okay, I’ll let them go, and I’ll get the key here ……”
Ning Zhi said helplessly after a flash of essence under his eyes.