This is why, at his age, Kazuo Watanabe is able to remain the soul of the Watanabe family, even though he does not interfere in its affairs.
The presence of Chishikawa is the reason why Kazuo Watanabe can enjoy his old age so peacefully ……
Just as Watanabe Fumio had just sat down, soon the room door was once again knocked and pushed open!
Only to see Watanabe Fumio walking in as well.
When Watanabe Fumishi saw what was in front of him, he was also slightly stunned, especially when he saw that Watanabe Fumio was also there, Watanabe Fumishi’s heart was very complicated!
“You two have come just in time, sit down ……”
Watanabe Kazuo waved his hand!
Soon, everyone sat down and quietly waited for Watanabe Kazuo to speak, at this moment no one dared to make a single movement, or show a hint of disrespect to Watanabe Kazuo!
For they knew that if they made even the slightest movement, they would be greeted by the sharp katana of the Thousand Island River!
“Word has come from Chizuru Shrine that we need our Watanabe family to send our resources and money up ahead of time this year.”
Watanabe Kazuo spoke slowly.
“Grandfather, I have already prepared the resources and money and can send them up at any time.”
Watanabe Fumio immediately said.
The election was approaching and Watanabe Fumio needed to show himself extremely well!
“Very well!” Watanabe Kazuo nodded, and then continued, “I heard that some time ago, our Watanabe family’s warriors followed the official of Daxia and clashed, and killed quite a few official Daxia people?”
“Yes, I have also investigated this matter, it was Watanabe Fumio who instructed people to go to Daxia to hunt down and kill their enemies, and followed the Daxia officials to start a conflict, which caused a very bad impact on our Watanabe family, I have sent someone to Daxia to explain this matter.”
When Watanabe Fumio saw that Watanabe Kazuo had brought up this matter, he immediately told them all he knew!
He wanted to use this matter to make it impossible for Watanabe Fumio to compete with himself for the position of family head!
At this point, there was no room for brotherly love between the two of them!
Watanabe Fumishi looked at Watanabe Fumio angrily and opened his mouth to explain, “Grandpa, I …………”
Watanabe Fumishi tried to explain, but was interrupted by Watanabe Kazuo with a wave of his hand!
“Fumio, you have done well, our Watanabe family will not be slaughtered by others, we will retaliate when we have an enemy, especially when facing the Daxia people.”
Watanabe Kazuo’s words instantly made Watanabe Fumio freeze, followed by a quick nod of his head, “I will follow Grandpa’s teachings ……”
This time, Watanabe Fumio was a bit dumbfounded, he originally wanted to use this matter to suppress Watanabe Fumishi, who knew it would turn out like this!
And at this time, Watanabe Kazuo was looking at Watanabe Fumio with a cold face, “Fumio, as the head of the Watanabe family, you even took the initiative to send someone to apologize, it simply tarnished the face of our Watanabe family.”
“I also heard that you even sent your own daughter to study in Daxia? I see that you have forgotten what kind of blood flows in you.”
“Now your daughter is tainted and needs to be sent to the shrine to be purified ……”
Watanabe Kazuo’s words instantly made Watanabe Fumio feel like a thunderbolt!
Everything else was fine, even if he wasn’t sitting on this family headship!
But to send his only daughter to the shrine to be purified, Watanabe Fumio was not willing to die!
Because he knew what would happen if he sent his daughter to the shrine!
“Grandpa, I …………”
Watanabe Fumio wanted to fight not to send his daughter to the shrine!
But that Watanabe Kazuo didn’t listen at all, he simply waved his hand and said, “That’s all that matters, all of you should leave ……”
Everyone got up and said goodbye, and Watanabe Fumio had no choice but to leave!
Once outside, Watanabe Fumio saw that Watanabe Fumishi was looking at him with a mocking sneer on his face!
“My good brother, at first I advised you not to send Yumiko to Daxia, but you didn’t listen, now it’s good, Yumiko is sent to the shrine, and you’re afraid you won’t see her in this lifetime.”
“My poor niece, she’s still so young, so pretty, so playful ……”
Watanabe Fumihishi had a playful smile on his face.