“Chen Ping, you were hiding here, have you been avoiding me this month?”
At that moment, an angry voice came out, followed by Xiao Lan rushing over in a huff.
Seeing this, Xu Changsheng and the others immediately walked away in good sense, since Chen Ping was fine, there was no need for them to stay.
“I’ve been in seclusion, I’ve just woken up and was talking about going to see you ……”
Seeing Xiao Lan walk over in a huff, Chen Ping hurriedly explained.
“To see me? Would you be that kind?”
Xiaolan gave Chen Ping a blank look.
“If I wasn’t kind, you’d be dead right now, I almost put my life on the line to save you ……”
Chen Ping deliberately pretended to be angry and said.
Seeing this, Xiaolan hurriedly said with an apologetic face, “Alright, I know, Elder Xu and the others have told me that you saved this life of mine, do whatever you want ……”
With that, Xiaolan actually leaned towards Chen Ping’s arms, only for Chen Ping to take two steps backwards to avoid it.
When Xiaolan saw Chen Ping dodge, her face immediately turned cold again: “Chen Ping, I ask you, am I not pretty? Am I not in good shape? Why do you dislike me so much?”
“I didn’t, you are quite pretty and have a good figure, I don’t dislike you ah ……”
Chen Ping shook his head.
“I’ve even taken the initiative to throw myself at you, and you’re still hiding, are you a man?” Xiao Lan pouted her lips and puffed out in anger.
“I have a girlfriend ……”
Chen Ping had to bring out Su Yuqi as a shield.
“I know, it’s just having a girlfriend, not a daughter-in-law, even if you have a daughter-in-law then what’s the point? I can be your lover and your confidante, I don’t want a name, just as long as you treat me well ……”
Xiao Lan said without a care.
Chen Ping’s head pounded when he heard such bold language from Xiao Lan.
“Well, let’s not talk about that, I’m going home in the next two days, it’s the Mid-Autumn Festival, go back to see my family, you’re in the Pill God Valley, follow Elder Xu and the others for the festival ……”
Chen Ping did not intend to spend the festival in the Pill God Valley, but to go back to Hongcheng to see his parents and see Su Wenzong.
“I want to go with you, I don’t know anyone in Pill God Valley, I’m not going to spend the festival here, I want to go back to Hongcheng with you ……”
Xiao Lan yelled as soon as she heard that Chen Ping was going to leave her in Pill God Valley by herself.
“You go back with me, but be honest, I’m a normal man too, no …… no ……”
Chen Ping looked at Xiao Lan, and did not know how to say the words that followed.
“Not allowed to what ah? Is it forbidden to seduce you?”
Xiaolan looked at Chen Ping that way and snorted out a laugh.
“Anyway, you have to be honest and not allowed to move your hands and feet ……”
Chen Ping was afraid that Xiaolan would take too much initiative and he wouldn’t be able to hold it.
“Don’t worry, if you don’t agree, I can still force you on me ……”
Xiao Lan looked at Chen Ping teasingly.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, if he kept talking, he didn’t know what other obscenities Xiaolan could say!
After saying goodbye to Elder Xu and the others, Chen Ping took Xiaolan on a plane back to Hongcheng!
Before getting on the plane, Chen Ping sent a message to Lin Tianhu, asking him to pick him up at Hongcheng Airport!
But when Chen Ping got off the plane with Xiaolan, he didn’t find Lin Tianhu’s car, and no one came to pick him up!
“This guy, he’s not staying with Red Phoenix in the provincial city, is he?”
Chen Ping took out his mobile phone and called Lin Tianhu, but there was no answer after several times in a row!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, although Lin Tianhu was brash in nature, he was very meticulous in his actions, there was almost no time when Chen Ping could not find him if he wanted to, but this time no one answered the phone!
Seeing that Lin Tianhu was not answering the phone, Chen Ping called Red Phoenix again, but with the same result, no one answered either!
Chen Ping’s face turned gloomy for a moment, and he had a bad feeling in his heart!