After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, he then turned to the crowd at the side and said, “Listen, this Chen Ping is arrogant and arrogant and has no one in sight, if any of you can make a move now and kill him along with me, you can take as many treasures here as you like ……”
“Yes, this trial place belongs to our Dragon Family, as long as you help me kill Chen Ping, all the things here, can be given to you, and after this trial is completed, I can in let you all come back here again and pick up the beast pills again!”
“As you guys can see, there are thousands of those beast pills out there, it’s simply inexhaustible ……”
At this time, Long Xiao also hurriedly said loudly.
Long Xiao’s words instantly caused many people to start moving.
Although they had no grudges or hatred following Chen Ping, but in front of huge profits, who could resist the temptation!
“This Chen Ping does deserve to die, arrogant and disruptive to the martial arts community in Kyoto, we deserve to kill him together ……”
Xin Pengfei was the first to jump out, and then accused Chen Ping!
After all, Xin Pengfei was the number one person on the Free Ranking, his words still carried a lot of weight, and besides, he actually hated Chen Ping to the bone.
Ever since Chen Ping had continuously demonstrated his strength, his position as the number one in the Free and Easy Ranking had been replaced by Chen Ping.
Moreover, his challenge to Chen Ping had become a laughing stock and was laughed at by many people.
Now that he had such an opportunity, after killing Chen Ping, then he would be able to sit at the number one position on the Free and Easy Ranking again.
As Xin Pengfei stood out, many people also began to point accusing fingers at Chen Ping and all stood out.
These guys were just driven by interests, but they always had to find an excuse for themselves and talk about it in a grand manner!
Soon, surprisingly everyone, except for Ge Jiayi and Dong Jiahao, turned the tables on Chen Ping!
In an instant, Chen Ping became the target of all!
Seeing that everyone had come forward, Long Xiao actually laughed wildly.
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, do you see, your death is what everyone wants ……”
Long Xiao laughed out loud, laughing so hard that tears were coming out of his eyes.
And Chen Ping swept a glance at these people who jumped out, there was no anger in his eyes, there was only sadness and mockery!
“Do you think that by killing me, you will get what you want? It’s simply stupid ……”
“Sooner or later, you will all pay the price for your actions today ……”
Chen Ping’s tone was calm, not even a hint of panic could be heard!
“Hmph, Chen Ping you don’t have to talk big, these people here are all from various sects and families in the Kyoto martial arts world, can you still follow the entire Kyoto martial arts world against them?”
Zhu Zhishan snorted coldly, he didn’t think Chen Ping had the guts to go against the entire Kyoto martial arts community!
“If these people dare to make a move today, if I don’t die, when I get out, I will kill everyone ……”
A cold aura burst out of Chen Ping’s eyes, and when the crowd saw Chen Ping’s eyes, they actually all involuntarily trembled!
“Hahahaha, how ridiculous, just like you, you also want to follow the entire Kyoto martial arts community against each other? It’s simply a joke ……”
Long Xiao once again laughed out loud, “Do you think that you yourself have any chance of surviving today?”
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but his aura began to climb as golden light flashed!
Xiao Ru stood behind Chen Ping with a face that looked like death, the matter had come to this, Xiao Ru then would accompany Chen Ping to die with him!
Dong Jiahao also trembled and came over, although he was seriously injured, Dong Jiahao did not retreat!
In a moment, behind Chen Ping stood Xiao Ru and Dong Jiahao, following the entire crowd of the Kyoto martial arts community to confront each other.
Only Ge Chia-Yi’s face kept changing, not knowing what she was thinking.
After a moment, Ge Jiayi took a few steps backwards, this was not going to get involved, not wanting to help either side.
“Make a move ……”
Zhu Zhishan gave an order, and dozens of auras began to press towards Chen Ping.