“Let’s go, we’ll accompany you!”
Zhong Qi said as she got up!
Granny Zhen also stood up, and the three of them together headed towards the courtyard where Chen Ping was!
Right now, Chen Ping was inside his room, following Bai Shallow and Fire Phoenix as they played games!
It had been so many days, and as soon as Chen Ping returned, Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix pulled him into the room!
Chen Ping was helpless, but there was nothing he could do, he also knew that the two were heartbroken!
“Mr Chen, the Zhen family head is here, waiting for you in the living room ……”
Ji Yun walked to the door and listened to the lively sounds inside the room, so he shouted in a low voice!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he hurriedly dressed and walked out of the room!
After all, this was the Zhen family, Chen Ping was only borrowing from people, and now that Zhen Yuandao had personally come over, of course Chen Ping wanted to meet!
Following Ji Yun to the living room, he saw that Zhen Yuandao, as well as Granny Zhen and Zhong Yi were all there, so he hurriedly said, “Zhen family head, I wonder what is it that you are looking for me for?”
“Fellow Daoist Chen is indeed young, he just came back and is not resting ah ……”
Zhen Yuandao said with a faint smile!
Granny Zhen and Zhong Yi also all laughed, after all, with their kind of strength, with a little bit of concentration, they could hear the voices inside the room!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was a little embarrassed, “Hey, no way, routine ……”
“Fellow Daoist Chen, two days ago, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty sent someone to look for you, and because you weren’t there, they stayed at the mansion.”
Zhen Yuandao said!
“People from Xiao Imperial Dynasty looking for me? Could it be that Emperor Xiao’s condition has relapsed?”
Chen Ping faintly froze and said!
“That’s not true, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty breeds a large number of spirit beasts, it’s just that some of the spirit beasts have recently fallen ill and are in a serious condition, so they want to ask Fellow Daoist Chen to go and help take a look!”
Zhen Yuandao said!
“Oh, that’s all, I’m about to go to Xiao Dynasty, the Immortal Bone promised to me by Emperor Xiao hasn’t been given yet!”
Chen Ping was actually planning to go to Xiao Dynasty as well, to take that Immortal Bone, he wanted to see if that Immortal Bone was the skeleton of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Since that’s the case, then I will take Fellow Daoist Chen to meet the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
Zhen Yuandao got up and then continued, “Fellow Daoist Chen, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty has only invited yourself, I wonder if you can bring us along as well? We would also like to learn from Fellow Daoist Chen!”
“Of course we can, I just don’t know what the people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty mean, but I will tell them!”
Chen Ping nodded!
It was good for Zhen Yuandao and the others to follow, after all, Chen Ping was unfamiliar with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, so if there was anything, he could still follow Zhen Yuandao and the others to ask for advice!
Seeing Chen Ping agree, Zhen Yuandao was very happy and then brought Chen Ping to meet the people from Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
The one sent by Xiao Yuanshan was a middle-aged man, an expert of the Mahayana realm!
“Prime Minister Yu, this is the Chen Ping you are looking for!”
After Yan Yuandao brought Chen Ping over, he immediately said respectfully to that middle-aged man!
When that middle-aged man saw this, he then hurriedly saluted towards Chen Ping, “Good day, Mr Chen, I am Prime Minister Yu Wenqiang of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and I have come here specifically to invite Mr Chen in the name of Emperor Xiao.”
Chen Ping swept a glance at Yu Wenqiang, although he was not very old, he had already reached the second rank of the Mahayana realm strength, no wonder he was able to assume the position of Prime Minister in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Prime Minister Yu, more than that, can I bring Family Head Zhen and the others along with me?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Of course you can, as long as Mr Chen is travelling, there is no problem with how many people are going ……”
Yu Wenqiang said!
“Alright then, allow me to go and say goodbye, we will leave afterwards!”
Chen Ping nodded and then went to tell Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow that they were going!
He couldn’t just leave quietly by himself, it was expected that when he came back, the two would be angry again, and punish him with a beating, Chen Ping could be a bit overwhelmed!
These two women’s strength, Chen Ping can be regarded as a real appreciation!