The youngest brother on the side looked on with a worried face!
There were also other cultivators who were watching from afar, none of them dared to come forward to help!
The white-clothed Bai Cheng under the ancient tree looked at the scene in front of him with interest on his face!
With an air of arrogance on his body, he indeed had the temperament of the Dragon Race!
Only, when a dozen or so cultivators swarmed towards Chen Ping, that Bai Cheng directly froze!
Only to see Chen Ping’s figure instantly like a phantom, weaving in and out of the dozen or so cultivators!
Immediately after that, those cultivators were all ruthlessly sent flying out and heavily smashed under that ancient tree!
A dozen or so cultivators of the first or second rank of the Mahayana realm, in front of Chen Ping, the ninth rank of the Transition realm, did not have the slightest power to fight back!
Wasn’t this a little too outrageous?
“You …… you ……”
The man climbed up and looked at Chen Ping in shock!
He could sense that Chen Ping had not used his full strength, if he had used his full strength, these people of theirs would probably have died a long time ago!
He knew that Chen Ping was only a ninth grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, but they were more than a dozen Mahayana realms, although they were only first or second grade Mahayana realms, but they were more than a dozen first or second grade Mahayana realm cultivators, at the very least, they were able to withstand the fourth grade of Mahayana realm cultivators, right?
How did Chen Ping manage to defeat them so easily?
“Didn’t you make my life worse than death?”
Chen Ping asked with a smile!
The man did not say anything, but instead looked back at that Bai Cheng, and at this moment, that Bai Cheng’s gaze narrowed slightly, and his face also wore an incomparably grave look!
“Continue ……”
Bai Cheng’s mouth slowly spat out two words!
After the man heard this, his eyebrows were slightly wrinkled, but still, his eyes flashed with a fierce colour, and then he waved his hand and said, “Together, I don’t believe that he can really beat these dozen or so of us.”
After saying that, the man brought a dozen or so cultivators and once again attacked towards Chen Ping.
“Shameless thing that gives face!”
Chen Ping snorted coldly and swung his fists violently!
Boom boom boom!
Amidst the shocked gazes of the crowd, more than a dozen cultivators of the Mahayana Realm were once again sent flying by Chen Ping, and this time, Chen Ping did not hold back!
These cultivators all fell heavily to the ground and could no longer get up!
The man was even spitting blood from his mouth, with panic in his eyes!
Chen Ping had just used the power of the Beast Race because he could not expose his human aura!
If he had used his full power, none of these people would have survived!
A dozen or so cultivators fell to the ground with serious injuries, and not a single one of them could stand up!
And the thousands of cultivators on the scene, one by one stared blankly, the atmosphere was incomparably quiet.
The youngest sister’s brother even rubbed his eyes and looked at Chen Ping with a face full of incredulity!
From that youngest sister’s brother’s eyes, one could see excitement, thrill and hope!
He knew that there was hope for him to leave this shitty place!
Chen Ping was definitely not an ordinary cultivator, there was definitely a terrifying identity behind Chen Ping!
The thousands of cultivators were filled with horror, with so many of them, it wasn’t as if no one had gone under the ancient tree to challenge them, but they were all beaten back!
After a long time, these cultivators no longer dared to get too close to that ancient tree!
Now, Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the Transition Realm, had cleaned up the other party with a slight strike!
This kind of outrageous thing, they were afraid that they had never seen it in their lives!
A dozen or so cultivators of the first or second rank of the Mahayana realm had ended up being unable to defeat a Chen Ping of the ninth rank of the Transition realm!
“This kid is not simple!”
At this moment, outside the large prison, Captain Zhou stood outside the light screen of the formation and was gazing at the scene!
Although these prisoners were letting off steam, however, as Captain Zhou was the captain of the guards that watched over the dungeon, he had to ensure that the dungeon was safe in order to do so!
So he would personally keep an eye on it so that these prisoners wouldn’t cause trouble!
But fights and brawls were normal, he wouldn’t stop them, but if someone hurt someone’s life, Captain Zhou would step in!