As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he also instantly understood why he had just killed that Luo Ta, and the people of the Ten Temples knew about it and sent this Yun Li to find him!
“Decapitating a soul and still not harming your life and state, this is a bit difficult!”
Chen Ping frowned slightly and said!
“Of course it’s difficult, otherwise I wouldn’t have asked you to do it ah.”
“But I won’t let you do it for nothing, I have a special piece of armour here that is extremely strong in defence, if you wear it on your body, it will be able to increase your strength greatly.”
“This was given to me by my father, I have never been able to wear it ……”
Yun Li said, directly spreading his palm, a black box appeared, and then placed it in front of Chen Ping!
“So generous?”
Chen Ping looked at the box in front of him, somewhat in disbelief that this Yun Li had given himself such an expensive gift!
“Of course, I treat my friends generously.”
Yun Li laughed!
“I don’t want ……” Chen Ping shook his head!
“What? You don’t want to help me?”Yun Li froze!
“I can help you, but this what armour, I don’t want it!”
Chen Ping said!
“Are you afraid of owing me a favour?”Yun Li did not understand why Chen Ping did not want what he had!
“That’s not true, I just don’t want this armour because I see it’s average!”
Chen Ping said!
“Average? Let me tell you, this is …… me.”
Yun Li was about to retort, but he saw golden light flashing around Chen Ping’s body!
Immediately after that, a piece of golden scales covered Chen Ping’s entire body, directly wrapping Chen Ping into a golden armoured War God in general!
Looking at the golden armour on Chen Ping’s body, Yun Li was directly confused!
“You this?”Yun Li’s mouth opened wide in shock.
“This is my Unbreakable Golden Body, how does it compare to your armour?”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly used that dagger in his hand and stabbed down towards his chest!
Clang!
Accompanied by a crisp sound, the dagger was directly popped off, while there was not the slightest trace of the Undying Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body!
“Stop it, this dagger of mine don’t give me in to break it!”
“Stop it, don’t give me this dagger before you break it!”
Yun Li was taken aback!
His own precious dagger had been broken by Chen Ping, and if this dagger was in the process of breaking, then he would be left without a weapon!
Picking up his own dagger, Yun Li said with slight embarrassment, “This precious armour of yours is indeed more powerful than mine, I didn’t expect you to have so many treasures on you.”
“If only I could beat you, I would have killed you directly and all these treasures would be mine!”
Yun Li finished speaking and handed the dagger in his hand to Chen Ping once again!
Chen Ping held the dagger and smiled faintly, “At this time, how dare you say such a thing, aren’t you afraid that I will directly kill you?”
“You won’t ……”
Yun Li smiled, followed by a faint white mist emerging from the top of his head!
This was Yun Li’s soul being detached from his body!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, swung the dagger in his hand instantly, the runes on the dagger flickered with light, and Yun Li’s soul was directly severed, slowly disappearing!
Yun Li’s face became a little pale, and his breath was obviously much weaker, but there was still a smile on his face!
“Thank you ……”
Yun Li followed Chen Ping and thanked him!
“Yun Li, Yun Li ……” Shi Lan suddenly broke into the room, running towards Yun Li with a nervous expression!
She could feel Yun Li’s soul disappear!
Upon seeing Yun Li’s pale face and weakened breath, Shi Lan’s gaze towards Chen Ping clearly carried hostility!
“Brother Yun, I won’t disturb you ……”
Chen Ping got up and walked out!
Shi Lan wanted to stop Chen Ping to ask for clarification, but was stopped by Yun Li!
“I was the one who asked Brother Chen to chop off a strand of my soul, so that my Life Soul Lamp would be extinguished, and we wouldn’t have to return to the Ten Temples, and the Divine Hall wouldn’t send any enforcers.”
Yun Li said with a smile!
“You are so bold, you dare to hand over your soul to a stranger to be beheaded, if he has bad intentions, won’t you have no life left in you?”
Shi Lan said with some complaint!
“Don’t worry, if he kills me, I would have long ago had no life left to see you.”
“This time, we can be together properly, no one will ever break us up again.”
Yun Li wrapped his arms around Shi Lan and then pressed Shi Lan underneath him!