Red Phoenix shook his head, “Hall Master, there are thirteen halls in our Heavenly Dragon Hall, only that our halls are not connected to each other, so they don’t know each other, did the old Hall Master not tell you?”
Thinking of that old leader, Chen Ping was speechless, that old leader was in prison, all day long, either teaching him to practice kung fu or drinking and sleeping, I don’t know where this guy got the wine from, he drank it almost every day!
Later, when he gave him the Heavenly Dragon Ring, he didn’t tell Chen Ping what the ring was and where those halls were.
If he hadn’t run into Lin Tianhu, Chen Ping wouldn’t have known that this ring was actually the Heavenly Dragon Ring!
“Don’t mention it!” Chen Ping sighed, “But I have now found two hallways, one of your Red Phoenix Hall, and the Gathering Hall in Hongcheng.”
“Hall Master, could you be talking about that underground emperor of Hong City, Lin Tianhu?” Red Phoenix said with a slight shock.
“Not bad, that’s him!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“So that Lin Tianhu and I are the same person, how unexpected!” Red Phoenix laughed somewhat unexpectedly, then asked Chen Ping, “Hall Master, you said that someone forced you to come to the provincial city, could it be that you’ve run into some kind of trouble?”
“I destroyed the Wei family, and now the Jiang family has released words to kill my entire family, so I had to come to the provincial city for the comfort of my family …………”
Chen Ping explained with a faint smile.
“The temple master is Chen Ping?” Red Phoenix suddenly raised his voice and said with a face full of surprise.
“What, you know me too?”
Chen Ping looked at that expression on Red Phoenix’s face and questioned.
“Of course, the Hall Master’s name is in the upper cla*s families in the provincial city, almost no one doesn’t know it anymore, at the Martial Alliance Conference, how many times has the Jiang family said it explicitly and implicitly, hoping that all the big families would cooperate with their Jiang family to capture you, the other thing is that all the Wei family’s industries, the Jiang family doesn’t allow anyone to interfere!”
“But that Jiang family talk, I all as fart, I can do whatever I want, how can I let them Jiang family sway, I have already sent people to start secretly take over the Wei family industries, in addition I also put down the word, as long as our red phoenix hall meet the hall master, no one is allowed to help Jiang family to do, that Wei family deserves to be destroyed, this is the retribution!”
“I really didn’t expect that all these things were done by you, Hall Master, I’ve always wanted to meet this young hero, now I’ve finally met him, but Hall Master, don’t worry, as long as my Red Phoenix Hall is still around, I will never let the Jiang family touch you, the big deal is that we will follow the Jiang family in a bloody fight, it’s not certain who will win or lose!”
Red Phoenix looked at Chen Ping and became more and more excited as he spoke!
Seeing that Red Phoenix had praised himself so much, Chen Ping himself was a little embarra*sed, and said with a faint smile, “If I use your Red Phoenix Hall, I will naturally contact you, my current identity is not easily exposed, so just call me Mr. Chen on the outside!”
“Understood!” Red Phoenix nodded his head!
After chatting with Red Phoenix for a while, Chen Ping was ready to go back, otherwise that Gu Ling’er would be worried sick!
When Chen Ping and Red Phoenix walked out of the bar, the entire bar was surrounded by three layers of people from Red Phoenix Hall. When he saw Red Phoenix come out, One-Eyed Dragon hurriedly went forward, “Hall Master, are you alright?”
“Get lost!” Red Phoenix pushed the one-eyed dragon, and then turned to Chen Ping and said respectfully, “Mr. Chen, please!”
Chen Ping nodded slightly and walked out from the bar, seeing the respectful attitude of Red Phoenix towards Chen Ping, so everyone froze, especially the one-eyed dragon, whose jaw almost dropped in shock.
“All Red Phoenix Halls listen to the order!”
Red Phoenix suddenly let out an explosive shout!
With a clatter …………
All the people of Red Phoenix Hall all knelt down on one knee and waited for orders!
“From today onwards, everyone is to follow Mr. Chen’s orders, anyone who dares to disobey orders will be beheaded …………”
“Yes, sir!” The Red Phoenix Hall crowd roared in unison!
That one-eyed dragon was trembling at this point, almost not P*ssing his trousers in fear!
Trembling and standing up, that one-eyed dragon didn’t even dare to look at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled faintly, patted the one-eyed dragon on the shoulder, and without saying anything, simply left!