“Let go of hatred?” The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, “I killed your father and destroyed your Ning family, are you really able to let go of your hatred?”
Ning Zhi’s body trembled slightly when he heard Chen Ping’s words.
This kind of hatred for killing his father, how could he possibly let go of it!
“Control your emotions, he is deliberately provoking you ……”
The spirit was constantly reminding Ning Zhi!
Ning Zhi took a deep breath, then said with a smile on his face, “That’s all in the past, I only want to cultivate and improve my strength now, what with the revenge of killing my father, I’ve put it down a long time ago.”
“There’s no time for revenge, even if I seek revenge on you and kill you, those relatives of mine won’t come back alive!”
Ning Zhi spoke easily, but his heart was in extreme pain!
Chen Ping looked at that Ning Zhi, his eyes could not help but reveal a few moments of admiration, this Ning Zhi’s level of patience was beyond many people’s imagination!
“You can make peace with me even if you want to, you have to show your sincerity first.”
Chen Ping sat back down and said indifferently.
“Of course, of course we have sincerity, what do you want, just say it ……”
Seeing this, Ning Zhi hurriedly asked.
“My girlfriend has been captured by your Martial Alliance for such a long time, now release her and show me the sincerity of your Martial Alliance.”
Chen Ping wanted to take this opportunity to get Su Yuqi out!
After Chen Ping finished his words, Ning Zhi frowned slightly, “Chen Ping, you should also know that the Martial Dao Alliance has a huge power behind it, even the Martial Dao Alliance’s Alliance Master is just a pawn!”
“I can’t make the decision about releasing your girlfriend, but I can a*sure you that your girlfriend will definitely receive the best treatment!”
When Chen Ping heard this, he was furious, “Then what’s the point of talking about it? You’re using my girlfriend’s blood to help train experts for your Martial Alliance, and you’re telling me here that she’ll receive the best treatment?”
“I’ll f*cking lock you up and bleed you every day, is it okay to say you’re getting the best treatment?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open, and endless killing intent rose from his body!
“Chen Ping, calm down, as we cultivators, we should look past our children’s feelings, I can grant you everything else except this request.”
“Our Martial Alliance has quite a lot of cultivation resources, I can provide them to you!”
Ning Zhi persuaded at Chen Ping, he was afraid that Chen Ping would really storm out!
Chen Ping stared intently at Ning Zhi, then the killing intent on his body gradually subsided, and after sitting down again, he said to Ning Zhi, “Since you said that, then I will change my request, give me that vajra in your hand, I liked it at first glance ……”
Upon hearing this, Ning Zhi instantly took that vajra in his hand, fearing that Chen Ping would snatch it away!
“So, don’t give it?” Seeing that look of Ning Zhi, Chen Ping coldly smiled and said.
“This …… is something I can’t make up my mind about, you’re changing your request to something else!”
Ning Zhi said with some embarra*sment.
“You can’t decide anything, talk to me, what the hell, go and change the one who can decide!”
Chen Ping got up and turned around to leave!
“Chen Ping, our Martial Dao Alliance holds quite a few ancient sites of relics, if you promise not to be an enemy of our Martial Dao Alliance anymore, we are willing to send you a relic as compensation!”
Ning Zhi said loudly.
The Martial Dao Alliance would hold trials every year, so they had to hold a large number of trial sites in their hands in order to do so!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping gave back the steps he had taken, then turned to look at Ning Zhi: “Can I pick any of those ancient relics you mentioned?”
“Of course you can!”
Ning Zhi nodded.
“Alright then, I’ll pick an ancient relic ……”
Chen Ping sat back down anew!
Ning Zhi was overjoyed and hurriedly ordered someone to bring a thick book, and the covers of the books were all a bit worn and looked very old and vicissitudes.