“Haha, what are you pretending for, you look exhausted at first glance now, if I kill you, it is not impossible.”
“What’s more, I’m not the only one here at the peak of Martial Sect ……”
As Luo Xiang finished speaking, the several people surrounding Chen Ping all exploded out with auras from their bodies.
Each one of them was surprisingly a rank eight Martial Sect, and there were two peak Martial Sects among them.
With such a line-up, Chen Ping could not help but frown.
If his spirit power was full now, he would not be afraid, even if he could not defeat them, he could easily escape.
But now, the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body had long since dried up.
It was simply too late to replenish it, and in the face of so many opponents at the peak of Martial Sect, he was afraid that it would be difficult to cope.
Seeing that look on Chen Ping’s face, Luo Xiang smiled even more smugly.
“Hand over all the treasures in your possession and I can spare you from death.”
“Did you also get the magic treasures from that Demon Subduing Tower? Otherwise the Demon Subduing Tower would not have fallen ……”
Luo Xiang questioned at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but looked around him.
Pondering how he could escape.
“You don’t need to be under any illusions, if you don’t hand over the treasures you have with you today, you won’t be able to leave!”
Luo Xiang knew what Chen Ping was thinking, so he said coldly.
After Chen Ping thought about it, he directly took out the Demon Subduing Tower from his storage ring.
“This is the Demon Subduing Tower, the tower that collapsed is just a carrier ……”
Chen Ping said as he held the Demon Subduing Tower in his hand.
Seeing the Demon Subduing Tower in Chen Ping’s hand, Luo Xiang’s eyes instantly flashed with a brilliant light.
“Quickly, give it to me ……”
Luo Xiang urged at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping took the Demon Subduing Tower and slowly walked towards Luo Xiang.
Chen Ping would not really hand over the Demon Subduing Tower to Luo Xiang, he just wanted to hold Luo Xiang hostage and escape when he let his guard down.
The moment Luo Xiang’s hand touched the Demon Subduing Tower, Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with coldness and suddenly clasped Luo Xiang’s wrist.
Luo Xiang was shocked and hurriedly turned around and retreated, but it was simply too late, as he saw Chen Ping clasping Luo Xiang’s wrist, followed by a sideways movement behind Luo Xiang, and stuck his hand on Luo Xiang’s neck.
Luo Xiang’s face instantly became unsightly, he did not expect Chen Ping to give him this.
“Let go of our young master ……”
Several of the underlings of the Luo family saw this and all shouted.
“It’s fine to let him go, all of you stay on the ground and don’t move ……”
Chen Ping’s heart instantly relaxed after he controlled Luo Xiang.
Several of the Luo family’s men looked at each other, not knowing what to do anymore.
Chen Ping exerted a slight force on his hand, and Luo Xiang immediately felt difficulty in breathing, his face was suffocated to red.
“These men of yours, they don’t seem to be obedient!”
Chen Ping said in Luo Xiang’s ear.
At this moment, Luo Xiang, feeling the breath of death, hurriedly shouted, “Get down, hurry up and all get down ……”
Soon, those people all fell to the ground.
“If you guys don’t want him to die, then be good and stay on the ground ……”
Chen Ping controlled Luo Xiang and began to slowly back up.
But just as Chen Ping was about to control Luo Xiang to escape, a sudden harsh aura came upon him.
Chen Ping controlled Luo Xiang and turned around, dodging the blow in a mess.
And the breath struck a tree not far away, and the large tree was instantly cut off at the waist.
“D*mn, you’re really not afraid of death?”
Chen Ping was furious, he did not expect that after he controlled Luo Xiang, those underlings of the Luo family still dared to attack from behind.
Chen Ping’s hand exerted force on it and Luo Xiang’s entire eyes turned red as his eyes widened.
“Get down, you guys get the f*ck down ……”
Luo Xiang shouted.
Only, the two men who had sneaked up on Chen Ping did not listen to Luo Xiang’s words, but said coldly, “We are not from the Luo family, so why should we listen to you.”
“Right now, we just need to get the treasures on Chen Ping, the lives and deaths of the others are none of our business!”
Hearing these two men’s words, Chen Ping was a little confused all of a sudden.