Western Region, Yongle City!
Yongle City was an ordinary city in the central part of the Western Region, and there was nothing special about it, whether it was the size of the clans in the city, the resources in the neighbourhood, or even the geographical location!
However, the only commendable thing about Yongle City was that the four great families within Yongle City were all medicine families!
That Granny Zhen’s Zhen family was even one of them, although Granny Zhen had been away from home for tens of years, but for cultivators, decades really wasn’t too long!
You have to know that there aren’t many pharmacists in the entire Celestial Realm, and for Yongle City to have four medicine families at once is definitely one of the few. Yongle City was also thus known as the Medicine City by everyone.
Because Yongle City was not surrounded by any resources, nor were there any mountains, wild beasts or the like, coupled with the fact that Yongle City’s four medicine families made many cultivators not dare to make a fuss, so this Yongle City had become a city of peace!
Many people who weren’t very concerned about cultivation would move to Yongle City and live a peaceful life!
And those who were highly powerful and bent on cultivation wouldn’t come here, after all, there weren’t any resources here either!
However, in Yongle City, there was one person who was very special, not only had he obtained the qualification of Pill Master, but his strength had also reached the Mahayana realm!
One must know that Pill Master cultivation was very difficult, and a Pill Master who was able to reach the Mahayana Realm was definitely a very impressive existence!
But it so happened that there was such a person in Yongle City, and this person didn’t even belong to any of the four great families!
Even the Pill Master Association of the Western Region had tried their best to invite this person to become its president, but they had been ruthlessly rejected!
This person’s name is Zhongxin, he has no daoist partner in his life, every day is either cultivation or charity, the number of people looking for him to heal is countless, and he doesn’t take a penny!
So this Zhong Yi had an extremely high status in the entire Yongle City and was admired by everyone!
“Granny Zhen, why did you come home and look sullen, as if you didn’t want to go home.”
“You haven’t gone out for the past few days, is there something wrong?”
Bai Shao found that since Granny Zhen came home, she hadn’t left the door and never smiled!
And the people in the Zhen family also seemed a bit cold towards Granny Zhen, it was reasonable to say that they should be very cordial after not seeing each other for decades.
But the Zhen family, apart from vacating a courtyard for Granny Zhen and Bai Shallow to live in, they don’t ask about anything else!
And Granny Zhen also seemed to never interact with the Zhen family, nor did she go out!
“I’m fine, I just don’t want to go out.”
Granny Zhen shook her head and said!
“Demon imperial daughter, fire phoenix, Chen has come to send a message, he’s already coming this way, I’ve given him the location.”
Ji Yun happily ran to follow Bai Qian and Fire Phoenix and said!
“Let him come over on the teleportation array, it’s such a long way, without a spirit boat, when will he be able to run to ah.”
“Recently, Yongle City is going to hold a pharmacist conference, many pharmacists from the entire Celestial Realm will come to Yongle City to learn from each other.”
“Every region will have a Pill Masters Association, and within each Pill Masters Association there will be a teleportation array that will teleport to this Yongle City.”
“Just have Mr Chen go to the Pill Master’s Association in the Central Region and teleport over, I believe the teleportation arrays are all open during this time.”
Granny Zhen said once she heard that Chen Ping was heading towards the Western Domain!
It was important to know that the Purple Flame Sect in the Central Domain was tens of thousands of miles away from this Yongle City in the Western Domain, all across the territory, if Chen Ping ran over, even with the Royal Fire Steps, it would take quite a bit of time, and also consume a large amount of Spiritual Energy!
If there was a teleportation array, it would be much easier, the big deal was to spend some spirit coins!
However, this teleportation array is not everywhere, it just so happens that this Yongle City has a teleportation array, connecting the major regions of the Pharmacist Association, Chen Ping can also be transported over by the way!