“What I just asked you about, that there is an ancient tree within the dungeon, how do you ……”
Chen Ping still wanted to ask Liu Zhongnan about the matter of the ancient tree in that big prison, he always felt that there was something wrong with that ancient tree!
But before he could finish his words, a quarrel rang out from outside the door!
“Sir Qiu, the Heavenly Character Box really has a guest, or else I’ll arrange the Earthly Character Box for you?”
“Fuck you, I want the Heavenly Box, whoever is in there, tell him to get lost!”
Immediately after, the door of the Heaven Character Box was directly kicked open!
Several young cultivators walked in, followed by a helpless shop assistant!
These several young cultivators were all dressed in unassuming clothes, and they looked like they should be sons of rich families!
Especially the young man in the lead, holding a folding fan in his hand, with an untamed face!
“I wondered who was in the heavenly box, so it’s Boss Liu?”
That leading young cultivator saw Liu Zhongnan and said coldly!
“So it’s Sir Qiu, I don’t know how you have the pleasure of coming here to eat today!”
Liu Zhongnan hurriedly got up and said to that Duke Qiu!
“Today accompany a few friends to sit, we only like this heavenly character box, also hope that Liu boss let a seat.”
That Qiu Gongzi said to Liu Jiannan!
Although the words were quite polite, the tone of his voice carried a bit of a commanding tone!
“Duke Qiu, I’m also chatting with my friends, I won’t stay long, you guys can ……”
Before Liu Zhongnan finished speaking, a cultivator behind that Duke Qiu snorted coldly and said, “Surname Liu, Brother Qiu is giving you face by telling you to get lost, don’t think that you’re great because you’re collecting Immortal Spirit Stones for the City Lord’s Mansion.”
“Pissed off Brother Qiu, believe it or not give you a few slaps and then let you roll away ……”
Liu Zhongnan’s face sank, his brows furrowed, especially in front of Chen Ping, it was too humiliating to be intimidated by a youngster himself!
“What kind of a thing are you? This is Beast City, anyone who dares to use their breath to strike without permission is going to be arrested and jailed.”
Liu Zhongnan said!
“Joke, even if Brother Qiu slaps you twice, would you see if anyone dares to arrest him and put him in jail?”
That young cultivator grinned and said!
“Boss Liu, do you think I’ll be arrested if I give you a few slaps?”
That Duke Qiu walked directly to Liu Zhongnan and asked in a very arrogant manner!
Feeling that Duke Qiu’s arrogance, Liu Zhongnan was very angry, but in the end, he still held his tongue!
“Okay, let’s go!”
Liu Zhongnan helplessly shouted on Chen Ping and left!
On the other hand, that Duke Qiu and the others sat down in the Heavenly Character private room in a big way!
The shop assistant changed a box for Liu Zhongnan and Chen Ping, although it was not as good as the Heavenly Character box, it was not very bad either!
“Damn, this Qiu Yu is too much, relying on the fact that his father is one of the Three Great Beast Generals, he even dares to disobey the rules of Beast City.”
After sitting down, Liu Zhongnan huffed!
“I see that brat’s realm isn’t that high, if you don’t take it out on him, I can beat him up for you.”
Chen Ping looked at Liu Zhongnan’s exasperated appearance and said with a slight smile!
“Can’t, can’t …… “When Liu Zhongnan heard this, he hurriedly stopped Chen Ping and said, “But you can’t do it in Beast City, if you get caught in the jail, you’ll be dead.”
“It’s just a couple of slaps, could it still be a death sentence?”Chen Ping was unimpressed!
“It won’t be a death sentence, but once you are in the dungeon, it will be hard to come out, it won’t take long, you will be sucked into a dry death.”
Liu Zhongnan whispered!
“Suck people dry?”Chen Ping was slightly stunned!
Liu Zhongnan instantly panicked a little, he realised that he had said the wrong thing and hurriedly waved his hand, “Don’t ask, you just have to abide by the rules, don’t ever get caught in the prison.”
“Are you hiding something from me? Just now when I asked you about the matter of the ancient tree in the big prison, it seems like you have been avoiding it.”
“Is there something odd about that ancient tree? Has some kind of spell formation been cast within that dungeon?”
Chen Ping asked to Liu Zhongnan!