The rest of the Skywolf Sect, too, were staring nervously at the sixth ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, completely forgetting about the existence of Chen Ping and Luo Xi!
After all, the two were so weak that they were forgotten!
When the green-clothed middle-aged man stabbed over, he found that the other party was surprisingly still motionless, and his face was even more devoid of the slightest expression!
The more the other party was like this, the greater the pressure on the middle-aged man in green, he really couldn’t figure out what the other party’s reliance was!
Seeing the long sword in front of him, the other party still did not move at all, which made the green-clothed middle-aged man’s heart bottomless!
Even those members of the Skywolf Sect who were watching were all puzzled, not understanding why the other party was not fighting back.
“Hmph, don’t pretend to be a god, even if you have an incorruptible body, I’m going to pierce you through with a sword.”
The middle-aged man in green snorted coldly and stabbed down hard!
He thought that the other party must have some kind of adamantine body, that’s why he was so emboldened!
Pfft ……
The longsword instantly passed through the body of that Transitional Apparition Realm Sixth Grade cultivator, piercing straight through!
The aura of that Transitional Apparition Realm Sixth Grade also disappeared without a trace in this instant!
Now, the green-clothed middle-aged man was a bit dumbfounded!
He really couldn’t understand, this Transition realm sixth grade cultivator, are they all so easy to kill?
Even the other people from the Skywolf Sect were dumbfounded and didn’t know what was going on!
But when that green-clothed middle-aged man saw the other party’s godless eyes, he was instantly shocked!
“Bad, fooled, this is a puppet ……”
The green-clothed middle-aged man fiercely retreated backwards, wanting to pull out his longsword!
But at this moment, a figure had already arrived at an extremely fast speed, followed by a sword blade chopping over!
In the nick of time, the green-clothed middle-aged man’s entire body erupted with a raging aura before forming a barrier in front of him!
The figure slowly became clear, and it was Chen Ping who held the Dragon Slashing Sword and slashed at him!
The Dragon Slashing Sword easily broke through the barrier, but the moment it did, the green-clothed middle-aged man’s body sidestepped!
The sword slashed against his cheek and directly chopped off the right hand of that green-clothed middle-aged man that was grasping the long sword!
“Ah…………”
After a miserable scream, the green-clothed middle-aged man backed up sharply, not caring about his weapon and broken arm!
“Eldest Senior Brother …………”
Seeing this, the Skywolf Sect’s crowd hurriedly ran over and supported the green-clothed middle-aged man!
The green-clothed middle-aged man looked at Chen Ping with cold eyes, he really did not expect that Chen Ping, a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, would have this kind of vigour and speed!
It seemed that he had been fooled at the beginning, the main character here was actually Chen Ping, a first grade cultivator of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
“So young, yet so insidious, deliberately letting me fall for it and taking the opportunity to sneak attack me, you think sneaking attacking me will allow you to win?”
The green-clothed middle-aged man’s eyes were slightly condensed, and his eyes were filled with killing intent as he said!
“Now that you guys have broken an arm, how can you still fight with me, as the saying goes, catching the thief first, of course I’m going to go after you first.”
“And to say that I’m sinister, but even if I’m sinister, I’m still better than these beasts of your Sky Wolf Sect, right? How many women have you spoilt, don’t you have any count in your own hearts?”
Chen Ping said with a gloomy face!
“Kid, you have guts, but I’ve already remembered you, even if I can’t kill you in this Divine Demon Battlefield, when the Divine Demon Battlefield closes, I’m going to break you into pieces outside.”
“Let’s go ………….”
The green-clothed middle-aged man had broken an arm, so he didn’t want to be entangled in following Chen Ping!
Although there were divine soldiers everywhere and there were definitely other treasures here, he knew that by relying on them and the fact that he was now injured, these treasures would become a scourge!
If they took these divine weapons or treasures, someone would definitely sneak up on them!
So the green-clothed middle-aged man planned to stop his wounds first and then think about it in the long run!