“Senior, you know what this Blood Spirit Escape is?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise!
“I know some!”The Red Cloud Demon Monarch nodded, and then continued, “This Blood Spirit Escape, is not about turning a person invisible, but rather, it is about turning this guy’s physical body into just countless tiny drops of blood.”
“These tiny blood droplets are spread all around, that’s why you’ll find this guy’s aura everywhere.”
“However, this fellow’s Blood Spirit Escape wasn’t practiced to the fullest, and only divided his fleshly body, his divine soul is still whole.”
After the Red Cloud Demon Monarch finished his words, Chen Ping instantly thought of a way out!
So that was how it happened, and it was the first time Chen Ping had encountered this kind of feat!
Only to see Chen Ping’s forehead suddenly flashing with red light, followed by the appearance of an additional eye!
Soon, the entire Blood and Bone Sect turned grey in Chen Ping’s eyes!
The Heavenly Underworld Eye was opened by Chen Ping, as long as the Heavenly Underworld Eye was opened, then Tan Rongkun’s divine soul would not be able to hide!
At this moment, Chen Ping could see countless tiny drops of blood floating in the air in his eyes!
Tan Rongkun’s divine soul was actually hiding on top of the bone mountain not far away!
Chen Ping did not think of this at all, so he was fooled by this guy, if Chen Ping’s Divine Sense spread over a larger area and searched a little more carefully, it was not that he could not find out about this guy’s Divine Soul!
At that time found that heaven and earth are that Tan Rongkun’s breath, directly some blinded, let this guy gave a wave of pretending!
At this time, Tan Rongkun felt very strange when he saw that Chen Ping suddenly had an extra eye on his forehead!
However, he did not know what the Heavenly Underworld Eye was!
He only felt that the place where he was hiding seemed to be staring at him dead on, and he was a little uncomfortable!
Before Tan Rongkun could think about it, a sword Qi suddenly attacked!
Boom!
The entire bone mountain instantly exploded, and Tan Rongkun was also instantly crumpled away by the sword qi!
The moment Tan Rongkun was bounced off, countless tiny drops of blood began to condense around him!
In an instant, it became Tan Rongkun’s appearance, and Tan Rongkun’s divine soul quickly returned to his physical body!
Without a physical body, if only the divine soul remained, the strength would be greatly reduced, and then Tan Rongkun would be even less capable of following Chen Ping into battle!
“What kind of spell did you use to discover my existence?”
Tan Rongkun stared at Chen Ping and asked incredulously!
The eyes that appeared on Chen Ping’s forehead gave people a sense of being taken in!
“With this little trick of yours, it’s alright to fool others, it’s not that easy to fool me!”
Chen Ping sneered and said!
Tan Rongkun glared at Chen Ping, then his hands opened and the entire Blood and Bone Sect shook!
The broken bones then began to coalesce into a large orb between Tan Rongkun’s palms!
At the same time, red light flashed in front of Tan Rongkun’s chest, and then he threw the ball in his hand fiercely towards Chen Ping!
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted as he clenched his right hand into a fist!
Boom!
Chen Ping’s fist flashed with golden light as he blasted out!
The huge golden fist shadow smashed towards the large orb!
The fist shadow enlarged rapidly in the air, and finally followed that large orb as huge as it was!
Accompanied by a deafening roar, the large orb directly exploded and turned into powder that floated away!
Whoosh!
In the midst of that roiling powder, Chen Ping suddenly rushed towards Tan Rongkun!
Chen Ping’s speed was extremely fast, and in almost the blink of an eye, he arrived in front of Tan Rongkun!
Boom!
Tan Rongkun was unable to react in time and was struck by Chen Ping’s vicious punch on his body!
Tan Rongkun’s body quickly flew backwards, and a bowl-sized wound appeared on his chest!
Only, that wound was recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye!
“Hahaha, you can’t kill me, my body is capable of transforming into thousands of blood mists, so no matter how much you attack, you won’t be able to hurt me!”
Tan Rongkun laughed out loud!
“Is that so?”
Chen Ping saw that Tan Rongkun’s physical body could transform into a blood mist at any time and coalesce at any time, if he wanted Tan Rongkun to die, he had to make it impossible for him to transform into a blood mist first!