“If you want to go out, then keep your mouth shut.”
Chen Ping helplessly said to Brother Missy!
As soon as the youngest sister’s brother heard this, he immediately closed his mouth and didn’t dare to say anything else, he was really afraid that Chen Ping wouldn’t save him from going out at that time!
Chen Ping quietly stayed in the cell, at the moment there is a trace of suction in the cell, unknowingly absorbing spiritual energy from Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping just pretended not to know and sat quietly, there was no spiritual energy here anyway, there was no way to cultivate!
Although he had supplies on his body, Chen Ping did not want his supplies to end up being absorbed away by someone else!
He planned to figure out that ancient tree before he said anything!
The next day, the time to release the wind arrived!
When Chen Ping and Brother Missy walked out, they found that hundreds of cultivators had long been guarding the entrance of their cell to greet them!
Chen Ping walked out of his cell and walked straight towards the ancient tree!
The other cultivators all followed behind, all of these people also wanted to go under that ancient tree to cultivate, as the aura under the ancient tree was much more abundant than other places!
Bai Cheng also led his people at this time, guarding under the ancient tree, greeting Chen Ping!
In yesterday’s battle, Bai Cheng had been completely convinced!
He, a Jiao Snake who had not yet transformed into a dragon, had encountered a true dragon clan, and it was also the most honourable Golden Dragon clan, Bai Cheng felt that this was his own creation that had arrived!
“Disciple greets the Holy Ancestor ……,” Bai Cheng said respectfully when he saw Chen Ping approaching!
He was just a snake, calling Chen Ping Holy Ancestor was taking advantage of himself!
In the eyes of the dragons, the press also looked down on them, the dragons who were scaly snakes transformed into dragons.
Some people were born as noble dragons, while others had to go through their own continuous efforts to transform from snakes into dragons!
“My name is Chen Ping, you can just call me by my name!”
Chen Ping said as he looked towards Bai Cheng!
“This ……” Bai Cheng was stunned, he did not expect Chen Ping to be so low key!
He had to know that the Dragon Race was a very lofty existence in his eyes!
However, Chen Ping did not have a lofty stance at all!
“I don’t want people to know my identity!”
Chen Ping walked to Bai Cheng’s side and whispered!
Chen Ping did not want people to know his identity as a Dragon Clan member, so all he had been exposing was his Beast Clan aura, and had not exploded his Divine Dragon Power!
At that time, when he had followed Bai Cheng in the battle, Chen Ping had also slightly revealed a trace of his Divine Dragon Power!
Even slightly revealing a trace of Divine Dragon Power had caused Bai Cheng to be shocked beyond words!
“I understand, Mr Chen!”
Bai Cheng nodded!
“Stop the others, no one is allowed to approach the ancient tree!”
Chen Ping ordered at Bai Cheng!
“Yes!”After Bai Cheng finished speaking, he directly greeted his men and stopped the hundreds of cultivators!
“All stand still, no one is allowed to take half a step closer to the ancient tree, or else they will never be spared!”
Bai Cheng said in a dignified manner!
Although the fact that he was not a Dragon Clan was all known, within this prison, Bai Cheng’s strength was still one of the few!
What’s more, Bai Cheng also has a lot of little brother, while the other prisoners of the cultivators, although many people, but simply not the same heart, all were captured, each other simply do not know each other!
Seeing Bai Cheng blocking the way, the many cultivators looked at each other, then no one in who dared to go forward, and then returned to the original place to go!
“I can go over, if you guys dare to stop me, my brother-in-law won’t be able to spare you.”
The youngest sister’s brother looked towards Bai Cheng and said!
“Brother-in-law?”Bai Cheng froze!
“That Chen Ping is my brother-in-law, we are together, you quickly get out of my way!”
The youngest sister’s brother said!
Bai Cheng was puzzled and looked at Chen Ping, while Chen Ping spoke, “You are also not allowed to come close to here, find yourself a place to stay!”
“What?”
Brother Missy was confused, he didn’t understand what was going on with Chen Ping, how come he couldn’t even get close to the ancient tree?