Chen Ping only felt his body shaking for a while, and then he was wrapped in a wave of light, and the whole person disappeared in a flash before his eyes!
When Chen Ping opened his eyes, he found that he was already at the foot of the Pill Pot Mountain!
The Pill Pot Mountain in front of him was constantly spewing out smoke, and the rocks were flying about, obviously about to collapse!
“Bad, Ruyan they are still on the mountain ……”
When Chen Ping saw this, he was instantly alarmed!
If the Medicine Tripod Mountain collapsed, Ruyan Liu and the others were still on the mountain, wouldn’t they be in danger!
Just as Chen Ping was about to go and save Ruyan Liu and the others, he saw a person hurriedly running towards his side!
When the person approached, Chen Ping realised that it was Ouyang Wufeng!
Upon seeing Chen Ping, Ouyang Wufeng panted heavily and said, ”Fellow Daoist Chen, where are the others? Hurry up and get everyone to leave the Pill God Island, the people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect have attacked ahead of schedule.”
“My father has already brought people to fend them off, I’m only afraid that they won’t be able to hold them off for much longer, he asked me to hurry up and inform everyone to leave Pill God Island quickly.”
“What? The Zhentian Dharma Sect’s has already started attacking?”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, originally it was said that it would be three days later, but now only two days had passed!
“Yes, they attacked too suddenly, so there isn’t much time left to leave Medicine God Island.”
“And what’s going on with this Pill Cauldron Mountain? How did it suddenly collapse?”
Ouyang Wufeng didn’t understand, this Pill Cauldron Mountain had existed for thousands of years, so how did it suddenly collapse!
“I can’t explain it to you in a sentence or two, you should inform the others right away, I guess they are fleeing from the Medicine Cauldron Mountain right now!”
“I’m going to meet that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect and help Island Master Ouyang!”
Chen Ping had to help Ouyang Xing to stop the Zhentian Dharma Sect before he could do so, otherwise, if the Zhentian Dharma Sect killed the Pill God Island and followed Su Tianshuo to collude with them, all the pill masters would be in bad luck!
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his entire body instantly flowed with runes, the astral wind stirred, and his body transformed into a flame that instantly disappeared!
Chen Ping utilised the Royal Flame Steps, in flying towards the direction where Ouyang Xing was!
Ouyang Wu Feng looked at Chen Ping dumbfounded, his face full of astonishment!
“It’s also too fast ……”
Ouyang Wu Feng said in shock!
At this time, the people on the mountain were all running desperately towards the bottom of the mountain!
The constantly collapsing rocks were flying in all directions, fortunately, the crowd all used their spiritual power to form shields, so they were not smashed by the rocks!
Running to the foot of the mountain, Liu Ruyan and Chen Wenliang took a long breath!
Afterwards, Zhou Qian, the Yan family members also descended the mountain!
Immediately followed by Su Tianshuo and the crowd led by Pao Longxing!
Looking at the collapsed Pill Cauldron Mountain in front of them, everyone was in a state of confusion, not understanding how it could suddenly be like this!
“Chen Ping should still be on the mountain, I’m going to find him ……”
Liu Ruyan looked at the collapsed Pill Cauldron Mountain and wanted to rush in and look for Chen Ping amongst those ruins!
“Missy, with Mr Chen’s strength, he will definitely be fine, maybe the collapse of this Medicine Tripod Mountain was also caused by Mr Chen!”
Nie Heng said as he pulled Liu Ruyan!
The Pill Cauldron Mountain collapsed not long after Chen Ping disappeared, so maybe it was really Chen Ping’s doing!
“With Fellow Daoist Chen’s strength, he will be fine, don’t worry!”
Chen Wenliang also opened his mouth to persuade Ruyan Liu!
Only then did Ruyan Liu quieten down, only that she still had a worried look on her face!
“President Chen, how did this Medicine Tripod Mountain suddenly collapse?”
Yan Yuandao and the others walked over and asked Chen Wenliang!
After all, Chen Wenliang and the others were almost at the top of the mountain, and they were the most aware of the vision at the top of the mountain at that time!
“I’m not sure, at that time, a heavenly ladder to the top of the mountain appeared, only that the ladder had a mighty pressure and I couldn’t climb up.”
“Fellow Daoist Chen climbed up, and then he disappeared into thin air, and after another moment, the ground began to shake, and Pill Cauldron Mountain collapsed!”
Chen Wenliang said truthfully!
“Could it be that this Chen Ping has obtained the Pill God’s inheritance, so the Pill Cauldron Mountain started to collapse?”
Zhong Yi stepped forward and said!
The significance of where this Pill Cauldron Mountain was located was the inheritance of that Pill God, and if the inheritance was obtained by someone, this Pill Cauldron Mountain would have no meaning to exist!
So it made sense that it collapsed!