“I remember you saying that the eight mysterious realms follow that Demon Heart Sect with collusion, only what people in the eight mysterious realms, follow the Demon Heart Sect with collusion, that is unknown.”
“Now it seems that this Wind Realm Smoke is suspicious, their Wind Moon Valley even has something like a remnant soul, and he also knows Mr. Chen very well, as a valley master, why would he know Mr. Chen’s strength if he didn’t follow the Demon Heart Sect and have collusion?”
Jiang Wu Ya followed Ge Cang Sheng’s analysis!
Once Ge Cang Sheng heard that what Jiang Wu Ya said made sense, he gave that Feng Jing Yan a glance and then prepared to find an opportunity to tell Chen Ping about it!
On the side, Yu Qian heard the conversation between Jiang Wu Ya and Ge Cansheng, so he came and said, “Watch the match properly, don’t make some unnecessary suspicions, we have to be united in the eight secret realms.”
“Now it seems that that Chen Ping is really not simple, I guess that Feng Wu Heng will soon be defeated ……”
Yu Qian had stepped in, so Jiang Wu Ya and Ge Cang Sheng didn’t dare to say anything!
At this moment, Feng Wu Heng on top of the ring, his forehead was covered in cold sweat, he didn’t expect the remnant soul he had released to be so unbearable!
Moreover, his own light shield had also been broken by Chen Ping in just two swords, and at this moment, Feng Wuxian was already new to fear.
Seeing that Feng Wu-hun was afraid, Chen Ping knew that he was sure to win!
Feng Wu Heng was already afraid from deep inside, and this would affect one’s play!
“Since you’re afraid, then be a good boy and eat sh*t and admit defeat, it won’t be pretty if you let me beat the sh*t out of you later ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile as he held the Dragon Chopping Sword.
“Kid, don’t be wild, I will never admit defeat.”
Feng Wuxing was scared, but he couldn’t admit defeat, nor could he let others see the fear within him!
“Since you’re not afraid, then continue ……”
Chen Ping said, as the Dragon Chopping Sword once again emitted a terrifying sword aura, this time a burst of humming sounded from the Dragon Chopping Sword, like a dragon’s roar!
Feeling the aura emanating from Chen Ping’s Chopper Dragon Sword, Feng Wuxian’s hand holding the sword was trembling slightly!
“Chop ……”
Chen Ping swung his sword down, and the sword aura instantly arrived in front of Feng Wu Heng!
Feng Wu Heng let out a furious cry and waved the longsword in his hand in front of him, desperately trying to parry Chen Ping’s sword maneuver!
Clang clang clang …………
A clanging sound was heard from the longsword in Feng Wu Heng’s hand, followed by flashes of fire, and Feng Wu Heng’s body instantly flew backwards out!
The long sword in Feng Wu Heng’s hand had already broken into several pieces and was scattered all over the ground!
The crowd looked on in shock, they could not imagine that Chen Ping had destroyed all of Feng Wuzhen’s methods!
The residual soul had been burnt, the light shield had been destroyed, and now even the long sword in his hand had been destroyed!
They knew that the longsword in Feng Wu Heng’s hand was no ordinary object, but it was cut into several pieces by Chen Ping with a single blow!
Now everyone could see that Feng Wuzhen would be defeated ……
The Wind Realm Smoke on top of the high platform was also full of gloom at this moment!
“How is this possible, how is this possible ……”
Feng Wu Heng rose from the ground, his eyes filled with rage as he looked at Chen Ping!
He was the pride of the Wind Moon Valley, the top genius, he had received his master’s true transmission at a young age, and now he was being beaten up by a man from the secular world?
This was simply a great disgrace, and Feng Wuxing knew that if he lost this time, there would be no more place for him in Wind Moon Valley, or even in the Eight Great Mysterious Realms.
He had molested and played with so many women in the past, if he didn’t have the Wind Moon Valley behind him, would those people still let him go?
Obviously not, he would probably be hacked to pieces!
So Feng Wu Heng knew that he couldn’t lose, absolutely not, or else he would only die!
“Since that’s the case, then I have no other choice ……”
At this moment, after Feng Wu Heng thought about it, that fear in his heart surprisingly disappeared, and the next thing he saw was Feng Wu Heng raising his hands high, as if he was holding something in his hands!
“Sinful disciple, you must not do so ……”
When Feng Jing Yan on top of the high platform saw this action of Feng Wu Heng, his eyes instantly widened, followed by his body leaping up and about to jump on top of the ring!