When Long Xiao heard the soul spirit’s words, his heart nearly collapsed.
Wouldn’t they be dead then?
Long Xiao didn’t want to die, he had easily broken through to Grand Martial Marquis, he hadn’t enjoyed the feeling of being worshipped enough!
“Chen Ping, I admit defeat, I admit defeat …… Don’t you kill me, don’t kill me ……”
Long Xiao collapsed, completely collapsed.
He didn’t want to die, and he didn’t want to fight any longer!
He only hoped that Chen Ping could bypa*s him!
This time, the soul spirit inside Long Xiao was in a hurry, Long Xiao was now completely broken and would not have a single hope.
The soul spirit was now regretting that it had followed Long Xiao to the point of complete fusion.
Now that the two lived and died together, Long Xiao’s collapse made the soul spirit become very pa*sive as well!
“b*****d, what are you doing? What are you doing?”
The soul spirit hissed.
But Long Xiao acted as if he couldn’t hear it, completely ignoring it and following Chen Ping’s plea for mercy!
“Chen Ping, I know who you are, I’m your brother, you can’t kill me, we’re family ……”
Long Xiao wants to follow Chen Ping and play the emotion card, as long as he can live, Long Xiao will do anything!
“Shut up, I don’t have a family like you!”
Even if Chen Ping doesn’t listen to this Long Xiao, the more Long Xiao says this, the more anger grows in Chen Ping!
His own mother had been imprisoned for over twenty years, and this Long Xiao had the nerve to say that he was a family!
Chen Ping’s face was full of ice coldness, the golden light on his body kept flickering as he walked towards Long Xiao step by step.
Long Xiao gave Chen Ping a poof and knelt down!
In front of the eyes of all the people in the martial arts world, he actually knelt down for Chen Ping!
At this moment, Long Xiao was completely shattered!
“Hahahaha, I really didn’t expect that this Long Xiao was also a wimp.”
“A while ago, wasn’t he very wild? He still wanted to be the number one in the martial arts world, and now he’s actually on his knees.”
“Just a guy who is strong on the outside, not useful in the eyes ……”
Seeing Long Xiao kneel down, many people started to mock loudly!
“Trash, what a trash, why did I choose this flesh body of yours in the first place ……”
The spirit cursed angrily, before a divine sense instantly broke through Long Xiao’s brain!
The spirit wanted to completely control this flesh body of Long Xiao, otherwise they would definitely die!
Just after Chen Ping got close to that Long Xiao, an insidiously cold Qi suddenly emerged from Long Xiao’s body.
Immediately afterwards, Long Xiao, who had fallen to his knees, rushed towards Chen Ping, a hissing sound coming out of his mouth!
Although Chen Ping had his guard up, he was nevertheless knocked backwards repeatedly!
However, now that Chen Ping’s physical body was already strong to the extreme, even if Long Xiao suddenly struck out, he would not be able to hurt Chen Ping at all.
Even though Long Xiao was now controlled by that soul spirit, the strength of that soul spirit had also dropped quite a bit, and I was afraid that it wasn’t as strong as the strength that Long Xiao exuded!
Only this soul spirit did not want to wait for death, for he knew that even if he knelt down for Chen Ping, he still could not escape death!
With a golden light in his hand, Chen Ping slammed a fierce fist into Long Xiao’s chest!
Instantly a large hole was punched out of Long Xiao’s chest, and a black shadow instantly came out of Long Xiao’s body, hard and fast!
The black shadow fell to the ground, seemingly wanting to say something, but was knocked out of his soul by Chen Ping’s punch.
Without his soul, Long Xiao regained control of his body, and looking at the bloody hole in his chest, Long Xiao’s eyes were filled with horror!
“Please, let me go, let me go ……”
Long Xiao cried, his face full of supplication!
“I won’t let you go, not just you, not a single person from the Long family, I won’t let go ……”
Chen Ping finished his sentence and slammed a fierce punch onto Long Xiao’s head!
In an instant, Long Xiao’s head was smashed to pieces, and the breath from his body slowly drained away, to the point where there was no trace of breath left.
Looking at the dead Long Xiao, Chen Ping surprisingly did not have the slightest joy of victory in his heart!
Slowly walking down the martial arts arena, Chen Ping left without looking back ……
“Long Family, here I come ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with a cold aura.