Chen Ping started to grab a handful of gra*s, then gently sniffed it and a fresh smell reached his nose!
Broken Gut Gra*s.
Soon, the name of this gra*s appeared in Chen Ping’s mind, as well as the various descriptions of this gra*s!
Chen Ping looked at the Broken Gut Gra*s in his hand and threw it out violently!
He didn’t expect that this small, green gra*s, which looked so good, would be highly poisonous.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping excitedly began to check out the various plants in the secret realm, as soon as Chen Ping touched it, information would immediately appear inside his mind!
“This is great, it must be because of this wordless heavenly book ……”
Chen Ping said, as his divine sense entered his sea of consciousness and once again looked towards the Wordless Heavenly Book!
This time he opened the Wordless Heavenly Book with ease, and the Wordless Heavenly Book had the plants he had just looked at recorded on it!
“It’s really right ……”
Chen Ping was full of excitement and then took out many items from his storage ring!
As soon as Chen Ping touched that item and injected a spiritual energy into that item, he would immediately be able to know the purpose of the item!
“This is a f*cking encyclopaedia, with this Wordless Heavenly Book, what else is there that I don’t know?”
Chen Ping’s face turned red with excitement as he suddenly looked towards Su Yuqi and the girls, and an idea sprang up within him!
Since this Wordless Heavenly Book could identify anything, could it identify people?
Thinking of this, Chen Ping ran over and wrapped his arms around Su Yuqi!
This sudden hug from Chen Ping caused Su Yuqi to be instantly stunned!
One must know that Chen Ping had never taken such an initiative before, and in front of other people too!
“Chen Ping, what are you doing?” Su Yuqi blushed red and tried to push Chen Ping away.
But Chen Ping was holding Su Yuqi in a deadly hug and had no intention of letting go.
When Xiao Ru saw this, she smiled slightly and turned her head to the side, “Brother Chen Ping, what do you want to do with Sister Yu Qi in broad daylight, in front of me and Sister Mei’er?”
Wu Mei’er also turned her head slightly to the side, her heart a little complicated!
Chen Ping punched a spiritual energy into Su Yuqi’s body, but found that no information about Su Yuqi appeared in his mind!
“Could it be because we know too much?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
After all, he knew Su Yuqi’s past, so he didn’t need any information to appear in his mind for him to know!
Chen Ping let go of Su Yuqi, and then looked at Wu Mei’er!
Chen Ping didn’t know much about Wu Mei’er’s previous experiences!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping pounced towards Wu Mei’er and then hugged her to death!
“Chen Ping, you …… what are you doing?”
Wu Mei’er was startled and her face instantly turned red!
Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru were also frozen, confused as to what Chen Ping was trying to do!
Chen Ping punched a spiritual energy into Wu Mei’er’s body, but still no information about Wu Mei’er appeared in Chen Ping’s mind!
“That’s strange, does it not work on humans?”
Chen Ping let go of Wu Mei’er, frowning slightly as he slowly got up and walked away!
“Sister Yu Qi, what’s wrong with Brother Chen Ping? Has he gone mad?”
Xiao Ru asked in a small voice when she saw Chen Ping’s odd appearance.
“I don’t know either!” Su Yuqi also had a strange expression on her face!
All the three of them only saw Chen Ping leaning on a big tree, his eyes empty and confused as he looked at the sky!
No one bothered Chen Ping, and Chen Ping himself just stood there quietly!
After an unknown period of time, Chen Ping’s eyes suddenly lit up!
Immediately afterwards, a terrifying aura erupted from his body, which began to spread rapidly in all directions!
When Su Yuqi and the others felt Chen Ping’s aura, they were all startled and then looked at him with rapt attention!
Chen Ping’s face began to turn fierce, as if he was forcing his entire body to exert all of its power!