“She’s a cultivator; fasting won’t kill her. Ignore her!” Lan Lianhua said.
Cultivators don’t need to eat, so fasting wouldn’t lead to death.
But Chen Ping interjected, “I sealed her meridians. She’s no different from a mortal now. If she doesn’t eat, it won’t take long for her to starve.”
“I’ll go see what she’s up to…”
Chen Ping decided to check on Huo Jingjing and find out her intentions.
“Chen Ping, why don’t I go instead? I’ll feed her some of my ‘special soy milk’…” Hu Mazi chuckled.
Chen Ping shot Hu Mazi a glare and turned to leave.
Huo Jingjing was Huo Zhao’s daughter, and Chen Ping still needed her to keep Huo Zhao in check.
Once Chen Ping had enough power to wipe out the Eighth Hall with a wave of his hand, Huo Jingjing would no longer be useful.
Arriving at a dungeon, after passing through layers of arrays, Chen Ping finally saw Huo Jingjing.
She was still in her tight-fitting clothes, but her hair was dishevelled, and she looked noticeably haggard.
When she saw Chen Ping, her eyes blazed with anger.
If he hadn’t captured her and sealed her meridians, she wouldn’t be in such a wretched state.
“Either release me or kill me. But I’d advise you to kill me, because once I’m free, I’ll stop at nothing to kill you.”
Huo Jingjing glared at Chen Ping, seething.
“Even if I let you go, you’re no match for me. Your father was defeated by me—what makes you think you can kill me?”
Chen Ping gave a faint smile.
Huo Jingjing fell silent, knowing he spoke the truth.
“Since I can’t kill you, I’ll starve myself. As a member of the God Clan, I can die, but I’ll never endure being imprisoned by you.”
Huo Jingjing’s face was resolute.
“You God Clan folks love deceiving yourselves. You’re just humans, yet you act superior, insisting you’re some kind of God Clan.”
“Don’t you find that laughable?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with disdain for the God Clan.
“You dare blaspheme the God Clan? You deserve death…” Huo Jingjing erupted in fury. “How can you compare filthy humans to our God Clan?”
“We are a thousand, no, ten thousand times nobler than humans…”
“Pfft, ten thousand times nobler? How shameless can you be? If a human man and a God Clan woman had a child, would that child be noble?” Chen Ping spat.
“Hmph, as if our God Clan women would ever have children with lowly human men. Keep dreaming!” Huo Jingjing sneered.
“Fine, then today I’ll show you the power of a ‘lowly’ man!” With that, Chen Ping lunged at her!
“What are you doing? Let me go, you rogue, you beast…” Huo Jingjing panicked, struggling desperately!
But how could she resist Chen Ping’s frenzy?
For a day and a night, Huo Jingjing was tormented until she was utterly broken.
Chen Ping stood up, looking at the motionless Huo Jingjing with a cold smile. “Still so high and mighty? Didn’t you scream just the same? What’s so different about you?”
Huo Jingjing said nothing, completely dazed.
Leaving the dungeon, Chen Ping ran into Hu Mazi waiting for him.
“Master Hu, what are you doing here?” Chen Ping asked curiously.
“Chen Ping, you’re too much! I’ve been standing here for a day and a night, listening to that woman scream for a day and a night.”
“You didn’t even invite me to join in on the fun. I’m upset…”
Hu Mazi said, pretending to be angry.
“Master Hu, don’t you already have two women? At your age, don’t bite off more than you can chew.”
Chen Ping patted Hu Mazi’s shoulder.
“You punk, just because you’re young doesn’t mean you can go all out! But your stamina’s impressive. Can you teach me a trick or two?”
Hu Mazi grinned.
“Maybe when I have time. I’ve got other things to do!”
With that, Chen Ping turned and left.