Chen Ping saw the situation, could not help but look at the Luo Shouhai, if this is that the Xuan Yin Sect deliberately put out the news, then it is afraid that there is a fraud!
Luo Shouhai knew that many people still have a problem with their devil cultivators, so he explained, “The God and the Devil Battlefield is also dangerous, not to go in and pick up treasures, and this thing is based on luck and opportunity, not necessarily enter the God and the Devil Battlefield, will be able to get the chance and treasures.”
“Everything is not set in stone, it’s all based on betting on luck, the Xuan Yin Sect is now revealing the news, and in uniting with the other demonic cultivators and human clans, they are controlling the entrance to the Divine Demon Battlefield, and then charging the resources of the many cultivators, in this way it’s not good compared to the Xuan Yin Sect entering the Divine Demon Battlefield on their own?”
“For the Xuan Yin Sect to do this is a surefire business, so why would they take the risk, and risk the element of gambling, by sneaking into the Divine Demon Battlefield themselves?”
“Now even if the news is revealed and people come here in droves, but the Xuan Yin Sect’s people are just as capable of entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, and it’s up to their own fortunes whether they can obtain treasures and opportunities.”
Luo Shouhai’s explanation also made the crowd all understand!
It was like a gold mine, the person who discovered the gold mine could secretly mine it by himself, but he wouldn’t necessarily be able to mine out the gold, and there was even the risk of a cave-in!
Now the person who discovered it can unite with others, and then spread the news of the gold mine, as long as someone comes to mine it, they can charge a fee, and they themselves can continue to mine it!
In that case, even if the gold wasn’t mined in the end, the person who made the discovery would still be making a solid profit!
“I didn’t realise that this Xuan Yin Sect’s Patriarch is still a good trader ……”
Chen Ping could not help but smile!
“I’ve heard that this Xuan Yin Sect Patriarch, used to be a real businessman selling all kinds of resources, and because of that, his Xuan Yin Sect is the best preserved.”
Luo Shouhai said!
Although the Chinese cultivators were prejudiced against demonic cultivators, however, for the kind of demonic cultivators who did business and did not do much harm, they would be more tolerant, after all, the human cultivators, there was also a demand for a lot of things from the demonic race!
Chen Ping walked towards the Xuan Yin Sect, the Xuan Yin Sect was built with all kinds of wood and stone, although it was in the depths of this Heavenly Devil Mountain, it was built in a very grand manner!
The entire Xuan Yin Sect was very large, as if it was a small town, and all around this Xuan Yin Sect, there were formation platforms, protecting the Xuan Yin Sect from demonic beasts!
Upon entering the Xuan Yin Sect, Chen Ping saw that there were quite a few human cultivators travelling through the streets, and among them, there were also quite a few demonic cultivators!
Even the Beast Race had quite a few of them, in this place, the three races were mixed together, yet they were happy and harmonious, and there was no fighting, which would not have existed at all if it was in other places!
The devil cultivator here does not need to hide the breath, can live openly, there are even a lot of devil cultivators set up stalls, followed by the human cultivators and beasts to exchange the necessary items!
However, in this Xuan Yin Sect, the status of devil cultivators is obviously higher, after all, this is the territory of devil cultivators!
Many devil cultivators walked with their heads tilted up, high and mighty!
“You guys find a place to go and rest first, it is estimated that there are still a few more days before the opening of the Divine Demon Battlefield, so I’ll bring my little brother to meet the Xuan Yin Sect’s Patriarch.”
After entering the Xuan Yin Sect, Luo Shouhai said to Miao Lao and Cai Hongwei and the others!
When Miao Lao and Cai Hongwei and the others heard this, there was some reluctance on their faces before they looked at Chen Ping!
They were afraid that Luo Shouhai would end up leaving them behind and only take Chen Ping into the Divine Demon Battlefield!
“Elder Miao, Boss Cai, don’t worry, you guys find a place to settle down first, I will contact you when this side is ready, since we are a team, I will definitely not leave you behind.”
Chen Ping said with a sincere face!