Zhou Jie looked at Song Qingping in confusion, she didn’t know if what he said was true.
Seeing that Zhou Jie was somewhat unconvinced, Song Qingping reached out and gently stroked Zhou Jie’s face and said, “When have I ever lied to you? Don’t worry about going to that Chen Ping, he will definitely be fine ……”
Being touched by Song Qingping’s face in such an ambiguous manner, Zhou Jie instantly blushed and nodded, “Okay, I’ll go find him ……”
Zhou Jie walked out of the secret realm and then came to the Zheng family!
Sure enough, she saw that Chen Ping was following Zheng An Guo and drinking tea and chatting, while that Zheng Kai was respectfully standing at the side, not even daring to raise his head!
After Zheng Anguo saw Zhou Jie, he looked at Chen Ping with a slightly deeper meaning and said, “Mr. Chen, this is the friend you mentioned?”
Chen Ping nodded and said, “That’s right, her name is Zhou Jie!”
“Good day, Master Zheng!” Zhou Jie greeted after Zheng An Guo!
“Haha, no wonder Mr. Chen traveled thousands of miles to this poor and remote place in South Lake, it seems that since ancient times, heroes are sad to see the beauty ……”
Zheng Anguo still thought that Chen Ping followed Zhou Jie was a boyfriend and girlfriend relationship.
When he saw that Zheng An Guo had misunderstood, Chen Ping did not explain, but only smiled slightly!
And that Zhou Jie said, “We should go now ……”
Chen Ping followed Zheng An Guo to say goodbye, and then followed Zhou Jie back to the secret realm!
As for that Hu Pazzi, Chen Ping didn’t even look for him, because he knew that Hu Pazzi wouldn’t leave the house without three to five days as long as he found a woman.
After returning to the Secret Realm, Chen Ping had wanted to go to that Chaos Space to explore some more, but since Hu Ma Zi was not with him, Chen Ping was afraid that his physical body would be destroyed after his soul had gone out of his body, so he dismissed this idea.
But as soon as Chen Ping closed his eyes, the 10,000-year-old He Shou Wu was in his mind, knowing that a 10,000-year-old herb was something that could not be found, even by the major clans and families.
In the evening, Zhou Jie suddenly found Chen Ping: “Mr. Chen, our Vice Patriarch is looking for you ……”
Chen Ping was a bit puzzled, what was that Song Qingping doing looking for himself in the middle of the night?
Soon Chen Ping met Song Qingping, and Song Qingping did not talk nonsense and said directly, “Mr. Chen, the map shows that there will be medicinal herbs appearing in the mountains a hundred miles west of South Lake City, as to what herbs will appear, we do not know, but it is certain that this time the herbs should not be small.”
“To show our sincerity, this time the medicinal herbs will be handed over to Mr. Chen, and our Demon Spirit Sect will not take a single cent ……”
“Can I be allowed to look at that map?” Chen Ping asked.
“Of course you can ……”
Song Qingping led Chen Ping into the secret room, and then Chen Ping looked at the place marked on the map to the west of South Lake City, a golden point of light was constantly flashing, and the frequency and brightness of the flashes were getting bigger and bigger.
“Huh, this time the herbs are shown, why is it different?”
Song Qingping looked at the golden dot of light that kept flickering and his face revealed doubt!
“What? What’s different?”
Chen Ping asked.
“The ones that were flashing before were red dots, and they didn’t have such a fast frequency or brightness.”
“Why has it turned golden this time? It was still red when I noticed it just now ……”
Song Qingping looked at the map carefully, his face full of confusion!
“Vice Patriarch Song, then when will this herb appear, can it be seen on this map?”
Chen Ping continued to ask.
“Probably in three days, but there’s no way to tell exactly by which hour.”
Song Qingping said.
“Good, I’ll go and take a look in three days’ time!”
Chen Ping looked at the constantly flickering golden dots of light on the map, his heart surprisingly filled with infinite yearning and a feeling of impatience!
“Mr. Chen, I hope you’d better prepare early and go take a look in three days, I’m afraid there won’t be anything left by then ……”
Song Qingping cautioned at Chen Ping.
After all, the entire South Lake was in the Zheng family’s hands, if any herbs really appeared, it was impossible for the Zheng family not to know about it, although they wouldn’t know about it in advance, but after the herbs came out, the Zheng family would definitely be the first to know about it.