Chen Ping left from the Sacred Beast Palace, while Xiao Da was fidgeting, and finally, with a clench of his teeth, he got up and left the Sacred Beast Palace as well, heading for Wancheng at the bottom of the mountain.
He was going to find Zhou Tiancheng. Since Chen Ping had not died, the matter was a big deal.
Their Sacred Beast Palace was not capable of dealing with Chen Ping now, and he would see what Zhou Tiancheng would do.
Just as Xiao Da left the Sacred Beast Palace and headed towards Wancheng, a human figure came out from the darkness, this figure was none other than Chen Ping.
In fact, Chen Ping had not left, but was waiting for Xiao Da.
Seeing Xiao Da’s hurried back, Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared: “It’s really as good as I expected ……”
Chen Ping followed up with one healthy step, while Xiao Da was unaware of it!
…………
The Zhou family in Wancheng!
Zhou Tiancheng could not mention how excited he was, at this time Ji Ruxue was lying in bed, her body was enchanted and she could not move at all.
After taking a bath, Zhou Tiancheng said to his subordinate, “I’m going to rest, no one is allowed to disturb me, don’t f*cking spoil my fun!”
The subordinate nodded his head and said, “Yes, Second Master!”
Zhou Tiancheng walked into the room and looked at Ji Ruxue lying on the bed, the light in his eyes shining brightly.
Ji Ruxue saw Zhou Tiancheng walk in and cursed loudly and angrily, “b*****d, you shall not die well, let me go ……”
The more Ji Ru Xue cursed like this, the more excited Zhou Tian Cheng became, the corner of his mouth raised and he said, “Ji Palace Master, just curse, it’s useless for you to shout your throat out now.”
With that, Zhou Tiancheng pounced headlong on Ji Ruxue.
And two lines of tears slowly flowed out of Ji Ruxue as images of her and Chen Ping kept flashing in her mind!
But just as Zhou Tiancheng was about to make his move, there was a knock on the door of the room.
Zhou Tiancheng was instantly enraged.
“Who the f*ck is it? Didn’t I tell you not to disturb me? Do you want to die?”
Zhou Tiancheng cursed angrily.
“Second Master, Palace Master Xiao of the Sacred Beast Palace is here, saying that there is an urgent matter …….”
The subordinate outside the door said with a trembling voice.
Zhou Tiancheng frowned, “D*mn, it’s so late, what is this guy doing here?”
“Second Master, Palace Master Xiao didn’t say, but it looks like it’s very urgent!”
The subordinate replied.
“Alright, I get it!”
Zhou Tiancheng said impatiently.
He then looked at Ji Ruxue who was lying on the bed with a reluctant expression, “Palace Master Ji, wait for me properly, I will be right back!”
Zhou Tiancheng walked out of the room and then came to the hall and saw that Xiao Da was sitting in the hall, so he said with an ugly expression on his face, “Palace Master Xiao, you came here at this late night and disturbed my rest, what is so important about it?”
Zhou Tiancheng was very angry with Xiao Da for disturbing his good deed.
“Second Master Zhou, that …… that Chen Ping is not dead, he is not dead ……”
Xiao Da said to Zhou Tiancheng with some panic.
“If he’s not dead, he’s not dead, what’s it to me? You came all night just to tell me this? Are you sick?”
Zhou Tiancheng glared angrily at Xiao Da and said.
“Second Master Zhou, that Chen Ping follows the Red Lotus Palace very well, I am afraid …… afraid ……”
“You are afraid that that Chen Ping will come to trouble me right?” Without waiting for Xiao Da to finish, Zhou Tiancheng directly picked up the conversation.
“Yes, yes, I am afraid that Chen Ping knows that Ji Ru Xue is here with you and he will come looking for trouble ……”
Xiao Da hurriedly nodded his head.
“Humph!” Zhou Tiancheng let out a cold snort, “That Chen Ping rushed to the Zhou family to look for trouble, I let him not be able to leave, what’s the big deal, do you really think that my Zhou family is something that can just come?”
“You go back quickly, don’t delay my business here, what a spoiler ……”
Zhou Tiancheng was dissatisfied and wanted to drive Xiao Da away while he hurriedly turned around to go back to his room.
Seeing this, Xiao Da could only sigh helplessly, but just as Xiao Da was turning around to leave, his entire body suddenly froze.