“Master Iron Hammer, sealing the Sword Wash Pool, there is no need for you to spend the cost to find any formation masters, I myself am a formation master, and my art of formation is even more powerful than the average formation masters in the Celestial Realm.”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
“You do know the art of formations?”Iron Hammer shot a glance at Chen Ping, looking somewhat incredulous!
“Of course ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his fingers immediately pinched and then drew a few formation patterns in the void!
Buzz!
Accompanied by a buzzing sound, a flame formation formed around the entire grand hall!
“Master Ironhammer, I have placed a spell formation around this grand hall, if anyone were to attack this grand hall, the spell formation will open!”
Chen Ping said to Master Iron Hammer!
The crowd was all very shocked and excited to see that Chen Ping actually knew the art of formations!
“Alright then, Mr Chen follow me!”
Iron Hammer led Chen Ping, towards the Sword Washing Pool!
As the crowd got closer and closer to the Sword Washing Pool, the surrounding area was unexpectedly filled with an evil spirit!
“Could it be that this Sword Washing Pool has been infused with evil spirits?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly as he thought in his heart!
When he had entered the Sword Washing Pool at that time, although there were also sword puppets within the Sword Washing Pool, it was only that there was no evil spirit aura.
However, now, when he was close to the Sword Washing Pool, he was able to feel the Evil Sneaky Aura, it was very likely that there was an Evil Spirit within the Sword Washing Pool, which was why the Sword Puppets within the Sword Washing Pool flooded and went berserk, and then attacked the crowd!
When the crowd approached, Chen Ping realised that the surface of the Sword Wash Pool was covered with a faint layer of white light, and through the white light, the water appeared black!
And from the Sword Wash Pool, the water was constantly boiling, and an aura was constantly impacting the white light!
Chen Ping just swept a glance and immediately saw that the formation sealing the Sword Washing Pool could not bear it any longer!
If he did not come to the Alchemy Sect, it would not take more than a few days for the sealing formation of this Sword Washing Pool to be broken through!
Chen Ping did not dare to have the slightest hesitation, he pinched his hands and immediately placed his hands directly into the pool water!
A formation pattern spread from Chen Ping’s palm in all directions!
After only a few moments, the water within the Sword Washing Pool calmed down, and countless golden rays of light shrouded the entire Sword Washing Pool around it!
Seeing Chen Ping lay down such a large formation with a single strike, the crowd of the Alchemy Sect was even more impressed with Chen Ping!
“Master Iron Hammer, I’ll go inside the Sword Washing Pool to see what’s going on, and look for traces of Sword Old Man in the meantime.”
“If I haven’t come out of the Sword Washing Pool after three days, you guys will close this place off and no one should be allowed to come near!”
Chen Ping said to Master Hammer!
“Mr Chen, is this …… this too dangerous?”
Master Ironhammer frowned slightly and said!
“It’s fine, I’ve been into the Sword Washing Pool once, so it’s kind of familiar!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Mr Chen …………,” Ji Yun shouted with a worried face!
“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
Chen Ping patted Ji Yun’s shoulder, and then plunged headlong into that Sword Washing Pool!
Most of the sword qi within the Sword Washing Pool had been absorbed by Chen Ping last time, so when he entered the Sword Washing Pool, Chen Ping was not attacked by the sword qi!
Chen Ping swam all the way towards the depths of the Sword Washing Pool, except that the Sword Washing Pool was dim and the water was black, which made Chen Ping’s vision obstructed, and he could not see the situation in the distance at all!
Chen Ping could only open the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, in which case, his vision would not be affected by the light and the water in the pool!
Just as Chen Ping had opened his Heavenly Underworld Eyes, he was startled to see that in front of him, a large group of Sword Puppets were swimming densely!
These Sword Puppets were astonishingly numerous and also exuded a berserk aura, obviously influenced by the Evil Sneaky Qi!
Fortunately, Chen Ping had opened his Heavenly Underworld Eyes, or else he would have plunged headlong into those sword puppets!