A dozen or so Holy Maidens stood on the left and right, while Chen Ping held Lan Yingying in the centre!
Along with Chen Ping waving his palm, a formation barrier appeared out of thin air!
This would block their aura from leaking out, and those who were catching up behind them would not be able to find them!
Looking at Lan Yingying’s weakened appearance, Chen Ping began to take off Lan Yingying’s clothes!
When the many Saint Maidens saw this, they were a little embarrassed for a while!
Binglu, on the other hand, was a bit puzzled, “Mr Chen, why are you taking off your clothes when you’re healing Sister Ying Ying’s wounds?”
After all, Chen Ping was a man, it was always a bit inappropriate to undress Blue Yingying!
Chen Ping glanced at Bing Lu, then said “You come and touch her ……”
Binglu curiously went up and touched Blue Yingying for a moment, and instantly bounced away!
“It’s so hot ……”
It was as if Lan Yingying’s body was on fire, it wasn’t hot at all, it was burning!
If it burns like this, the five organs and six bowels are going to be burned, as well as the body’s meridians are going to be burned!
“This …… what’s going on ah, here obviously very cold, Ying Ying sister body how so hot?”
“Sister Ying Ying’s cultivation is also an ice system technique, if it burns like this, I’m afraid the whole person will be finished!”
Bing Lu asked in disbelief!
“She was injured by that Snow Treading Cloud Beast, her body is weak and she forced herself to run such a long distance, that’s why she is like this.”
Chen Ping explained!
“The Snow Treading Cloud Beast is also full of cold, being injured by the Snow Treading Cloud Beast, one should be covered in frost!”
Bing Lu said!
“This is because of the mediation of one’s own functions, it is precisely because it was injured by a cold aura that the body’s functions desperately exude heat to maintain the operation of the body’s organs.”
Chen Ping said as he undressed Lan Yingying, ending up naked!
Although Bing Lu did not know whether Chen Ping was right or not, but with all of them here as well, she thought that it was impossible for Chen Ping to do anything to Lan Yingying!
Chen Ping began to treat Lan Yingying, although there was physical contact, Chen Ping avoided the important parts!
At this time, Mu Yao had already chased the people into the Polar Regions, and after spreading out his divine sense to explore for a while, Mu Yao then quickly led his Mu family members forward to chase after them!
Subsequently, there were quite a few other people from the sects and families who came to the Polar Regions, and immediately turned into streams of light, running in different directions!
Although Chen Ping was healing Lan Yingying’s wounds, he was also observing the movements in the Polar Regions!
After learning that so many people from the sects and families had actually come to the Polar Regions, Chen Ping’s brows Avray furrowed!
He suddenly realised that this trip to the Polar Regions was not as simple as he had thought!
In addition to having to deal with the treacherousness of the Polar Regions themselves, as well as being wary of the Mu Clan, now he had to be wary of even the people from other sects and families!
This was also too difficult!
But there was one advantage to having too many people, and that was that the more people that came to the Polar Regions, the more chaotic it would be, and if they could take advantage of the chaos and get what they wanted, that would be the best way to go about it!
It seemed that in this trip to the Polar Regions, it was not only about strength, but also about very good judgement of the situation, as well as the ability to analyse the scene!
Chen Ping could not possibly follow all the sects and families that entered the Polar Regions as enemies, in that case, they would not be able to do anything!
What needed to be done was to draw them in, deter them, and suppress them, facing different people required different methods!
After Chen Ping’s rescue, Lan Yingying slowly woke up!
When she saw herself naked in front of Chen Ping, and Chen Ping’s hands were still caressing her body, Lan Yingying instinctively swung out with a palm!
Fortunately, Chen Ping was prepared and directly dodged it!
“Sister Ying Ying, are you alright?”
Seeing this, Bing Lu rushed forward and asked!
Blue Yingying ran her breath and found that it was much smoother and there were no major obstacles, so she nodded her head and said “There’s nothing going on, this guy he ……”
“Yingying sister, Mr Chen is to save you, if it is not him, you are afraid that you would have died long ago!”
Bing Lu hurriedly explained!