The dirigible then flew off in the direction of Jialing County, and after the dirigible started up, many people who were doing it for the first time couldn’t help but look out!
Even Chen Ping and the Three Monstrous Thieves were constantly looking out through the windows!
Soon, the dirigible flew out of the Flying Sky Clan’s territory, and Chen Ping couldn’t sit still any longer, watching the three pterodactyls pulling the dirigible with all their might, the anger in Chen Ping’s heart was rising!
Just as Chen Ping was about to get up, he was pulled back by Liu Ruyan and then gave a wink towards Chen Ping, signalling him not to move!
“You three, sneak into the front cabin and set the pterodactyl free ……”
Liu Ruyan said to the three monstrous thieves!
The three monstrous thieves froze, although they didn’t understand why Liu Ruyan told them to do so, but with their life-soul in Chen Ping’s hands, they could only do as they were told!
The Three Monstrous Thieves got up, and then walked straight towards the front, at this moment many people were with their eyes slightly closed, either cultivating or sleeping, and no one was paying attention to the movements of the Three Monstrous Thieves!
At this moment the dirigible was already stable, and several members of the Flying Sky Sect were gathered together chatting!
The Three Monstrous Thieves quietly reached the front of the dirigible, and while no one was paying attention, they used time travel to instantly enter the front cabin!
There were three members of the Flying Sky Clan in the front cabin, watching the three pterodactyls in flight, and whenever any pterodactyl appeared to slacken, these members of the Flying Sky Clan would administer a whipping!
The appearance of the three monstrous thieves did not attract the attention of the three Flying Heavenly Clan members, and just as the three Flying Heavenly Clan members were watching the three-headed pterodactyls, the three monstrous thieves had already arrived behind them.
The three swiftly struck, and the three members of the Flying Sky Sect were killed outright. The Three Monstrous Thieves were considered ruthless and did not hesitate in their strikes!
After finishing off the three members of the Flying Sky Clan, the Three Monstrous Thieves came to the front, and at that moment three arm-thick chains appeared, and at the other end of the chains were three pterodactyls!
“Brother, we have to break these chains before we can release the three pterodactyls!”
The second of the three thieves said!
“Then let’s break it.”
With that, the Three Monstrous Thieves Boss took out his knife and slashed viciously towards the chain!
Clang …………
A burst of fire emerged, and the body of the three bosses of the strange thieves instantly collapsed and flew away.
And the chain was not damaged by a single cent!
Above the iron chain, a formation pattern appeared!
“Holy sh*t, how come there’s a formation on top of this chain, what should we do?”
Lao San took a look at it and couldn’t help but curse angrily!
The three men looked at the chain that had a formation placed on it and were in a dilemma for a while.
“I think it’s better to go out and ask Mr. Chen, the three of us can’t open it ……”
The boss got up and walked over, took a look at the chains that were flashing with formation patterns and said helplessly!
The three men flickered and came out of the front cabin again, no one noticed the movements of the three monstrous thieves!
But in the corner of the dirigible, two old men, a man and a woman, were motionless, their eyes slightly closed, but their expressions looked a little unnatural!
“Shall we do it?”
The old woman asked, looking to the old man beside her!
“Don’t move, let’s see what these three guys are going to do next.”
“With what these three are capable of, they wouldn’t dare to do a robbery on a dirigible!”
The old man shook his head!
There were hundreds of people on this dirigible, so of course, with the skills of the Three Monstrous Thieves, they wouldn’t dare to rob openly!
The old woman didn’t say anything, but her eyes were slightly closed, but her divine sense kept spying on the Three Monstrous Thieves!
The three thieves walked up to Chen Ping, and the boss said softly, “Mr. Chen, the three pterodactyls are chained up, and the chains are covered with formations, so we can’t open them!”
After hearing this, Chen Ping slowly got up and planned to follow the three thieves to have a look!
But just as Chen Ping got up, his brow suddenly furrowed and he looked towards the two old men!
“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong?”
The boss of the Three Monstrous Thieves asked!
“Oh, nothing.” Chen Ping shook his head, then followed the Three Monstrous Thieves towards the front cabin!