When Ji Ru Xue and the girls heard this, they all blushed with shame, while Long Ruotong was a bit impatient to get out of here and go back to Kyoto!
Just as Chen Ping was about to leave with Long Ruotong, Han Fusheng stopped Chen Ping!
Originally, Han Fusheng saw that Chen Ping was good and wanted to give Han Qing’er to Chen Ping, but now Chen Ping had so many women around him.
But if Han Qing’er didn’t follow Chen Ping, then when Lu Buwei and his father came tomorrow, none of their family would be able to escape!
In the end, Han Fusheng could only say to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, I hope you can take Qing’er with you, if she stays, she will surely die.”
Han Fusheng knew his daughter’s nature, Han Qing’er would never agree to marry the Lu factory, and then Lu Buwei and his son would kill them!
“Dad, I’m not leaving, I’m staying to keep you guys company ……”
Han Qing’er shook her head!
She liked Chen Ping, but she also didn’t expect that Chen Ping would have so many women around him, Han Qing’er was a bit overwhelmed for a while!
Han Qing’er was a bit resistant to the idea of following so many women and sharing one man!
But Han Qing’er didn’t know that all these women around Chen Ping were not golden ladies before!
“Qing’er, you’d better let Chen Ping take you away, it’s pointless for you to stay ……”
An Ling Rong also persuaded Han Qing’er!
Han Qing’er cried out in pain and hugged her mother to death!
“Chen Ping, what’s going on?” Long Ruotong asked when she saw this.
Chen Ping told the story of the Thunder Sect’s secret realm after Long Ruotong, while Long Ruotong’s brow furrowed slightly!
“Chen Ping, if you have a way, why don’t you help House Master Han out?” Long Ruotong said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping hadn’t originally intended to save the Purple Sky Mansion, after all, within Chen Ping’s perception, his own mother was imprisoned by Han Fusheng!
But now, seeing that his mother was living quite well, and that she had offered to help Han Fusheng, Chen Ping nodded his head!
“Chen Ping, you’d better go, take my daughter with you and treat her well, I’m already grateful.”
“That Lu Buwei is stronger than me, and he has annexed the entire Thunder Gate Secret Realm and has thousands of disciples under him, even if you stay and help me, my Purple Sky Mansion is no match for that Ruined Moon Fortress.”
Han Fusheng wouldn’t let Chen Ping stay and help because he knew his strength, and since Chen Ping and the others were just a few people, even if they stayed and helped, it would still be a drop in the bucket!
“Master Han, I naturally have a way to deal with that Lu Buwei, as for the thousands of disciples of that Ruined Moon Fort, I am thinking of a way!”
Chen Ping had the Divine King’s Bow in his hand, so he was naturally not afraid of Lu Bu Wei, but as for the thousands of disciples of the Ruined Moon Fort, Chen Ping was thinking of another way!
“What else can I do, tomorrow Lu Bu Wei and his son will be coming, there is no time.”
Han Fusheng shook his head in resignation, he no longer had any fighting spirit, he only hoped that his daughter would live!
“There will definitely be a way.” Chen Ping had a determined look on his face, then he turned to Ji Ru Xue and said, “Ru Xue, Yu Han, you guys stay here and take care of my mother, I’ll go and think of a way.”
Ji Ruxue and the girls nodded, while Long Rutong said, “Chen Ping, if there is no way, don’t try to be a hero, safety first ……”
“Mom, don’t worry, if you say something, my son will do it even if he breaks the sky.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked straight out!
Chen Ping now had to figure out where he could bring in so many rescuers!
Although Chen Ping had many people in the secular world, they were all too weak, and if they came to this secret realm to fight, they would be cannon fodder, meaningless!
And although Yue Buqun and Qu Yunchang of the Hidden Realm were not weak, they were too few in number, so even if they came, it would be useless!
“Fire Phoenix? I can go to the Demon Beast Secret Realm to find the Fire Phoenix and lead those demon beast armies to help.”
Chen Ping snapped to mind the Fire Phoenix!
Ever since he had been injured and unconscious last time, and followed Fire Phoenix in his sleep to perform conjugal acts and fish-water sex, Chen Ping was worried about Fire Phoenix too!
He wondered how Fire Phoenix was doing now in order to save himself.