“It doesn’t matter if I’m an evil cultivator or not, what matters is that you, as a director of the Martial Arts Union, knew that Xuanyuan Yan was an evil cultivator and did nothing about it, I now suspect that those clans and families in your Martial Arts Union must still have people practicing evil kung fu, and you, as a high ranking member of the Union, chose to cover up …… ”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Guo Wei coldly.
Guo Wei’s eyes stared, and the murderous aura in his eyes intensified, “Kid, you know a bit too much ……”
As he spoke, Guo Wei’s body began to emit a bizarre aura, and a seal flashed on his chest!
Chen Ping frowned, he never thought that Guo Wei, who was a director of the alliance, had also cultivated evil techniques, so it looked like this Martial Alliance was afraid that it had already been saturated with evil cultivators!
“Knowing too much, you only have to die ……”
Swish!
Guo Wei’s body abruptly disappeared, leaving a residual shadow in the air at an extremely fast speed!
Boom!
Without waiting for any reaction from Chen Ping, Guo Wei slapped his palm, instantly shattering the golden glow that Chen Ping’s body had just recovered.
“Bullsh*t imperishable golden body, it’s unbeatable in front of me ……”
Guo Wei did not give Chen Ping any chance to catch his breath.
Once again, he smashed his fist on top of Chen Ping’s chest.
Stomp stomp stomp ……
Chen Ping’s body retreated several steps and his chest was even dented.
Facing Guo Wei, the peak of Martial Sect, Chen Ping’s physical body was still not able to resist even though it was strong.
Boom boom ……
The constant sound of blows, Guo Wei’s body was like a meteor, constantly flickering and disappearing, each time it flickered, it left a heavy blow on Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and took the ferocious blows, but Guo Wei’s speed was so fast that Chen Ping was unable to catch Guo Wei’s figure.
“Nine Shadows Split Body …………”
Knowing that if this continued, he would be killed sooner or later, Chen Ping fiercely flashed his body and a split body appeared!
Chen Ping’s speed also increased to the extreme as shadow doppelgangers began to continuously appear in all directions!
As Chen Ping’s speed increased, Guo Wei’s figure slowly began to appear in front of Chen Ping.
Four shadow doppelgangers, considered to be Chen Ping’s original body, attacked together towards Guo Wei!
“Hmph, not measuring up to yourself ……”
Guo Wei snorted coldly, then smashed out a fist, but this fist transformed into countless fist shadows!
These fist shadows smashed into those shadow doppelgangers, and the shadow doppelgangers were instantly shattered and disappeared without a trace!
In the end, only Chen Ping’s body remained, and his fist smashed into Guo Wei’s body!
With this punch, only a black light suddenly erupted from Guo Wei’s body, and the terrifying aura directly repelled Chen Ping.
Guo Wei’s body was wrapped in a black ink-like light, as if he was wearing a layer of black armour.
This blackness shone with an eerie light under the sunlight.
“Chen Ping, if I don’t kill you today, in time, you brat will definitely become the backbone of the Martial Dao Alliance ……”
Guo Wei’s eyes flashed coldly as a black stream of light ruthlessly smashed into Chen Ping’s chest!
Chen Ping’s body flew out and fell heavily to the ground, the dent in his chest deepening a few more points.
A mouthful of blood gushed out, and Chen Ping could no longer suppress the tumbling of his internal organs!
Looking at the badly injured Chen Ping, Guo Wei slowly walked over and looked down at Chen Ping on the ground and said, “It’s over, it’s all over ……”
A dazzling black light once again coalesced on Guo Wei’s fist.
“Stop it ……”
Three breaths came rushing in, Guo Wei saw this and the black light on his body instantly disappeared.
Only to see Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er and Zhao Wuji rushing over.
Looking at Chen Ping who was seriously injured on the ground, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er hurriedly pounced on him.
“Councilor Guo, Mr. Shi said that it was forbidden to poison Mr. Chen, yet you tried to kill him, I still have to report this matter to Mr. Shi.”
Zhao Wuji looked at Guo Wei angrily.