They were blood brothers, and they were abandoned like that.
Soon, the sword qi pierced through Xuan Yuan Rong’s body, directly batching Xuan Yuan Rong’s body into two halves, blood splattered everywhere.
Seeing his brother’s tragic condition, Xuan Yuan Yan did not feel the slightest bit sad, but instead hid behind Guo Wei: “Director Guo, save me, please must save me ……”
Guo Wei did not pay attention to Xuan Yuan Yan, but looked at Chen Ping with a gloomy face, “Chen Ping, how dare you ma*sacre people from my Kyoto martial arts community in front of me, you are also too disrespectful to me as the director of the alliance.”
After Guo Wei finished speaking, he slapped his palm out towards Chen Ping, the terrifying force smashed fiercely on Chen Ping’s body, directly knocking him out.
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body instantly dimmed considerably, and blood began to flow from the corners of his mouth.
Slowly getting up, Chen Ping knew that there was still a certain distance between himself and Guo Wei, who was worthy of his strength at the peak of Martial Sect.
“Councilor Guo, kill him, this kid not only destroyed my Xuan Yuan family, but also destroyed the Thunderbolt Sect, if we leave this son behind, he will become a big problem in the future!”
Xuanyuan Yan instigated Guo Wei to kill Chen Ping.
“Shut up!” Guo Wei glanced back at Xuan Yuan Yan, scaring that Xuan Yuan Yan into not daring to speak again.
“Chen Ping, the humiliation in the ancient tomb again, I will find you to return it today ……”
The clothes on Guo Wei’s body began to move without wind, followed by his entire body disappearing out of thin air.
In the next second, Guo Wei appeared above Chen Ping’s head.
At this moment, Guo Wei’s entire body turned into a ray of light, like a meteor with flashing light, and smashed down viciously towards Chen Ping.
The ground beneath Chen Ping’s feet instantly appeared with cracks, and as Guo Wei kept getting closer and closer, the pressure grew stronger and stronger, and Chen Ping’s legs were pressed hard into the ground.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Guo Wei shouted explosively, and the golden light shone even brighter.
Xuan Yuan Yan, who saw this scene, instantly showed excitement on his face.
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, this time you’re dead, this is one of Councilor Guo’s killing moves, the Holy Light Fist, no one will be able to resist this punch, I’m going to watch you get blasted into mush.”
Xuan Yuan Yan couldn’t be happier at this moment.
Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to him, instead, he put away his Dragon Chopping Sword, the spiritual energy from his body kept converging on his right fist, Chen Ping’s fist was also shining with golden light, and it was becoming more and more prevalent, as if a small sun had suddenly appeared.
Boom!
Chen Ping smashed his fist out, and the same stream of light went towards Guo Wei.
A huge collision followed, and the radiant golden light dwarfed the sun in the sky.
A shockwave, from top to bottom, still smashed viciously against Chen Ping’s body.
Like a tree trunk, Chen Ping’s body was smashed directly into the ground, and a crater nearly five metres in diameter appeared in the ground beneath Chen Ping’s feet!
With this punch, the armour-like scales on Chen Ping’s body fell off and disappeared, finally revealing his strong and robust muscles!
Chen Ping’s muscles were emitting a faint golden light, which was emitted by Chen Ping’s flesh itself, without any spiritual power to stimulate it!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s internal organs were tumbling, blood was flowing out from his mouth and nose, and even blood was flowing out from inside his ears.
“Chen Ping, your physical body is even stronger than I thought ……”
Guo Wei stood with his hands in front of him, standing at the edge of the large pit, looking down at Chen Ping with an indifferent expression.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but looked up at Guo Wei with scarlet eyes.
The Heart Condensation Technique on his body was running frantically, constantly repairing his injured internal organs.
“He’ll be in your hands!!!”
Guo Wei said as he turned his head to look at Xuan Yuan Yan.
Xuan Yuan Yan was overjoyed and hurriedly followed Guo Wei to say thank you, “Thank you, Director Guo ……”