Shi Yan, on the other hand, got up and ran, straight to that Yan Lao’s room, because he knew that only Yan Lao could save him now!
Looking at the members of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion who were rushing towards him, Chen Ping did not have the slightest bit of softness in his hands!
Since Shi Yan had followed Ning Zhi to gang up on him, then the Hundred Refinement Pavilion was his enemy!
Chen Ping would not be the least bit merciful when dealing with his enemies!
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, a golden light flashed and sent a Grand Martial Marquis flying!
The others were holding their magic weapons and did not dare to come any closer, so they unleashed their magic weapons towards Chen Ping!
All at once, the magic weapons shone brightly, and a spell struck Chen Ping’s body!
One must know that the Hundred Refinements Pavilion was known for its weaponry, so the magic weapons in the hands of these Hundred Refinements Pavilion members must also be no ordinary objects.
So many magic weapons were coming towards Chen Ping, but Chen Ping was not afraid at all!
In the face of absolute strength, all magic weapons are in vain!
Just see Chen Ping’s palms coming out in unison, a terrifying aura sweeping through the entire Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
With each palm strike, a member of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion would perish, and Chen Ping did not have the slightest scruple.
Soon, the magic weapons in the hands of these Hundred Refinements Pavilion members were shattered by Chen Ping’s powerful aura, and all of them were spitting out blood, their chests were badly injured, their bones were all broken, and they were obviously not going to survive!
In just a few minutes, the dozen or so members of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion who were holding magic weapons had all become cold corpses!
Not far away, Ning Zhi watched this scene with mixed feelings in his heart ……
Chen Ping did not even look at the dead members of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion, but went straight after Shi Yan!
With Shi Yan’s aura, Chen Ping soon caught up with him!
When Shi Yan saw Chen Ping coming after him from behind, his entire body was scared silly!
A dozen members of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion holding magic weapons had allowed Chen Ping to rush over so quickly!
“Yan Lao save me, Yan Lao save me …………”
Shi Yan shouted!
Soon, that Elder Yan came out from inside the room and looked at the panicked Shi Yan and said, “Young Pavilion Master, what is wrong with you?”
“Elder Yan, this Chen Ping wants to kill me, save me, save me ……”
Shi Yan was scared to death at this point and hid behind Yan Lao!
Yan Lao looked at Chen Ping and said with a slight frown, “Why did you barge into my Hundred Refinements Pavilion and also lay hands on our young Pavilion Master?”
Chen Ping swept a glance at that Yan Lao and found that this Yan Lao was at most at the early stage of Great Martial Marquis strength, not even as strong as those Hundred Refinement Pavilion members just now!
He did not understand why this Shi Yan would let this old man save him, with this old man’s strength, he was clearly not his own opponent!
“I only came to the Hundred Refinement Pavilion to borrow the Heavenly Opportunity Order, but I didn’t want your Young Pavilion Master to join hands with others to plot against me, I am a person who will retaliate when I have an enemy.”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Borrowing the Heavenly Chance Order?”
Upon hearing this, Yan Lao laughed out loud, “Do you think that anyone can borrow our Hundred Refinements Pavilion’s Heavenly Chance Order? You don’t even look at what you are yourself ……”
Yan Lao’s face was cold, his body suddenly shook, instantly from within his clothes flew out several chains that flashed cold, each with a jagged front, as if a python showing its fangs!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that although this Yan Lao was not very strong, he was indeed an expert in using magic weapons!
“Since you guys won’t borrow it, then I’ll have to rob it ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body flickered away, heading towards that Shi Yan!
As long as he controlled Shi Yan, Chen Ping didn’t believe that the Hundred Refinement Pavilion wouldn’t hand over the Heaven’s Chance Order!
When Yan Lao saw this, the chains on his body instantly staggered out, directly interlacing in mid-air to form a large net, enveloping towards Chen Ping!
“Humph, ignorant ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but sneer at the chains that were like pythons!
Such a large difference in strength, even with magic weapons, could not be bridged at all!
Chen Ping’s palm shimmered above his hand as he reached out towards the chains, followed by a tug with both hands!