Cai Hongwei’s words instantly reminded Chen Ping of the Sea of Mo, that Sea of Mo was also the junction between the two domains, so it was also not flyable!
Chen Ping was puzzled as to who had set up the taboo that made it impossible to fly at the junction between the two domains.
Ji Yun could only control the dirigible to slowly fall down, and when it landed on the ground, the crowd walked towards the dirigible while Ji Yun put it away!
Chen Ping walked towards the airship and found that the ground was actually all reddish-brown soil, and even the rocks on the mountain range were reddish-brown in colour, as if they had been soaked in blood, and then after many years of being blown by the wind and rain, they had turned into such a colour!
However, when the others saw this scene, they didn’t have any half-expression change, it was obvious that they had long been used to seeing it!
“Everyone, after walking through this Red Refinement Mountain Range, it’s the Southern Region’s boundary, we all need to be more careful.”
“Not only are there all sorts of demonic beasts in this Red Refinement Mountain Range, there will also be people ambushing all sorts of teams travelling to the Southern Domain, we have to be on our toes.”
Cai Hongwei said loudly to the crowd!
The crowd all nodded, since they chose to go to the Southern Domain from here, of course they knew the dangers of this place, otherwise they would have gone directly to Zhu Huang City to make a transmission array.
After exhorting a few words, the crowd began to walk towards the Chilian Mountain Range, while Chen Ping looked at the unending mountain range in front of him, straddling between the heavens and the earth, as if connecting the heavens and the earth!
In the depths of the mountain range, there was mist rushing in, and from time to time, the roars of demonic beasts would be heard!
“Although this Chilian Mountain Range is very dangerous, it also has a lot of opportunities, there are quite a few precious immortal herbs in here, and there are also some demonic beasts that can’t be seen anywhere else.”
“The demonic beasts here have the possibility of mutating and may turn into Immortal Beasts, if one is able to capture and kill an Immortal Beast and get an Immortal Beast Pill, it would be a priceless treasure.”
Elder Miao could see that Chen Ping did not know much about the Chilian Mountain Range, so he walked up and explained to Chen Ping in a low voice.
“Immortal Beast?” Chen Ping stared blankly “There is no Immortal Qi here, how could a demonic beast mutate into an Immortal Beast?”
Chen Ping did not understand, a demonic beast was a demonic beast, how could it mutate into an immortal beast.
Not to mention that there is no immortal qi in this Celestial Realm, so how did a demonic beast become an immortal beast.
“Who said that there is no Immortal Qi, this Chilian Mountain Range contains Immortal Qi, the reason why this Chilian Mountain Range has turned into this reddish-brown colour is because during the God-Devil War, there were a few Immortals who were seriously injured and fled here, in the end, these Immortals knew that there was no hope of returning to the Celestial Realm, and so they dispersed their flesh and blood.”
“After thousands of years of time passing, the blood and flesh of the immortals have long since followed the Chilian Mountain Range into one, so in this Chilian Mountain Range, there is immortal qi present, but these immortal qi are not floating in the air, but are hidden in the rocks, flowers, plants and trees, which is very difficult to find.”
“If some demonic beasts consume the flowers and plants that contain immortal qi within, it’s possible for them to mutate into immortal beasts, only the chances are too low, no matter if it’s the immortal qi or the immortal beasts, it’s something that can be encountered but not sought.”
Elder Miao was explaining to Chen Ping in detail!
“Grandpa, why are you talking to him so much, don’t forget that he even cursed you with an inch of broken meridians, aren’t you fine now?”
Miao Miao walked up and said with great dissatisfaction.
“Shut up.” Miao Lao glared angrily at Miao Miao!
Miao Miao’s face was filled with anger, she really did not understand why her grandfather was so kind to Chen Ping!
In the airship, the two had talked and laughed, and now Miao Lao was still so close to Chen Ping!
In fact, the performance of Miao Lao, the crowd had also seen it in their eyes, they were all very puzzled as well, they didn’t understand why in the world, Miao Lao was following Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the Harmonisation Realm, so close, it was simply too strange!