“Hey …………”
Long Ruotong sighed!
Just when that maid wanted to say something else, she found that Long Jingguo had unexpectedly walked in, and was so frightened that she hurriedly put down the food and retreated.
Long Jingguo glanced at the maid who had walked out, and then said to Long Ruotong, “Sister, these meals I sent someone to prepare, do they still taste good to you?”
Long Jingguo’s language was full of concern, as if the person imprisoning Long Rutong was not him at all.
Long Ruotong gave Long Jingguo a blank look and did not say a word, she had long since gotten used to such a face from Long Jingguo.
For so many years, Long Ruotong had never said a word after Long Jingguo, even if her body was tortured even more, she had never opened her mouth.
Long Jingguo also seemed to be used to Long Ruotong’s expression and sat himself down at the table, picking up his chopsticks and gently tasting some dishes.
“This sliced meat fried celery is a bit salty …… spicy tofu is also not tender, and this couple lung slices, I remember you liked it the most when you were a child ……”
Long Jingguo tasted the dish while following Long Ruotong, except that Long Ruotong did not speak, as if Long Jingguo was talking to himself.
After taking a few bites, Long Jingguo wiped his mouth and stood up.
“Sister, I didn’t expect that in this world, you still have a son, and this son of yours is likely to have obtained the dragon crystal, it seems that he knows his own life, and very much wants to come to save you, his mother ah, I do hope that he can come to the Long family sooner, I can also identify with this great nephew of mine properly, after all, for so many years outside, he must have suffered a lot of hardship too ……”
Long Jingguo began to speak unhurriedly.
The first time I heard this, a hint of worry flashed across Long Ruotong’s originally unexpressed face, but it was only a flash, but even so, it was still seen by Long Jingguo.
Seeing the worry that flashed across Long Ruotong’s face, Long Jingguo laughed, smiling smugly.
“For more than twenty years, my sister has refused to reveal the secrets I want to know, and I can’t do anything about you, but now that I surprisingly have a nephew, I think that when the time comes, if this great nephew of mine makes you talk, you won’t be silent anymore, right? You mother and son will soon be able to meet each other, I have sent for this great nephew of mine ……”
“Hahahaha …… hahaha …………”
Long Jingguo finished and laughed wildly, he felt that this was simply heaven’s help, if it wasn’t for this nephew who suddenly appeared, the secret he wanted to know, he was afraid that it would be difficult to know in his lifetime.
Long Ruotong looked at Long Jingguo who was laughing madly, her eyes were full of hatred, she knew that Long Jingguo was now a madman and would do anything.
“If you dare to hurt my son, I will not spare you even if you die …………”
Long Ruotong spoke up, this was the first time she had followed Long Jingguo in nearly twenty years.
Long Jingguo heard Long Ruotong followed him and spoke, after a slight daze, he burst out laughing madly again, “My good sister, he is my nephew, how could I hurt him, don’t worry about it ………… ”
Long Jingguo walked out of the dungeon with satisfaction and smugness on his face, the more Long Ruotong cared so much about his son, the more Long Jingguo had hope of knowing the secrets he wanted to know!
…………
In the following days, many people were frantically searching for Chen Ping, while the Shadowless Villa became a target, after all, it was Zhao Liguo who finally took Chen Ping away!
At this moment, Chen Ping was in the Pill God Valley, in seclusion and cultivation, not knowing anything about the outside world.
In the blink of an eye, a month had pa*sed!
During this month, Chen Ping had never moved anywhere, nor had he moved, and even less had he eaten a single thing.
With the spirit energy constantly emitted from the dragon crystal, Chen Ping did not have to worry about the problem of depleted spirit energy, he only needed to cultivate desperately.