Sharp claws, instantly penetrated the defenceless Di Chong Jing’s body, Di Chong Jing’s eyes were wide open, full of incredulity, instantly lifeless!
Immediately after that, the Senior Brother opened his mouth and sucked in, from Di Chong Jing’s body, a large mass of dead Qi was sucked into his abdomen!
Seeing this scene, Patriarch Jiang’s expression was very complicated, fellow disciples, but in the end, they ended up in this situation!
“Kid, go to hell, go to hell ……”
That Eldest Senior Brother hissed, and the death aura that erupted from his body wrapped Chen Ping in a ball!
The death aura did not diffuse, but wrapped Chen Ping like a black ball!
Everyone could not see the Chen Ping inside, what had become of him now!
Although they were very worried, no one dared to approach to help!
That Eldest Brother’s body, rotted down as far as the eye could see, and in the end, he was even left with a skeleton full of bones!
It looked like a big skeleton, very creepy!
He was bursting out all the death qi in his body, he wanted Chen Ping to die, as long as Chen Ping died, the others would be fine!
Only, the dead qi wrapped around Chen Ping became fainter and fainter, and in the end, Chen Ping’s figure appeared, his entire skin radiating light, where there was a hint of decay!
“Good stuff, really good stuff ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“Ah …………”
That Senior Brother hissed, his voice filled with disbelief and unwillingness!
“Since you don’t have any more death qi, then don’t blame me ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and slammed his fist out!
A fist shadow erupted with a powerful force, instantly hitting that Senior Brother’s body!
Only a bone cracking sound could be heard, and then that Eldest Senior Brother’s skeleton was unexpectedly split in pieces!
The broken bones that filled the sky drifted in all directions, following the Blood Bone Sect’s skeletons that filled the ground to merge into one!
“I’m not willing to ……”
At the same time as the skeleton shattered, a black shadow let out a hiss!
This was the divine soul of that Eldest Senior Brother, but unfortunately, after shouting out, the divine soul followed and instantly burst apart.
Chen Ping’s punch had not only shattered the skeleton, but even the divine soul had not been able to escape!
To his death, he could not figure out how things could be like this!
Looking at the Blood and Bone Sect that had been destroyed, everyone was dumbfounded and did not feel the slightest bit of excitement!
They could not believe their eyes, what kind of person was Chen Ping?
Although they had seen Chen Ping’s strength, but every time Chen Ping was able to give them a new shock!
Now, even the death qi couldn’t do anything to Chen Ping, this was too outrageous!
Moreover, the other party was an existence at the peak of the second rank of the Mahayana Realm and was about to break through to the third rank of the Mahayana Realm!
How many people would be a match for a powerhouse of this strength, even if they didn’t use Deadly Qi?
And yet, Chen Ping was able to kill the other party with a single punch, it looked like he had killed a small chicken cub!
“Don’t just stand there, look around and see if this Blood and Bone Sect has any good things, especially Immortal Bones, notify me when you find them!”
Chen Ping said to the shocked crowd!
“Oh, okay ……”
Patriarch Jiang and the others only reacted at this time and hurriedly led their men to search for resources!
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master also brought his Holy Daughter to scavenge, now that the Blood and Bone Sect was overthrown, all the resources were not wanted for nothing!
However, the Blood and Bone Sect used the blood and bones of cultivators to cultivate, all other resources should not be too much!
But what Chen Ping wanted was the Immortal Bone, as long as he could find a piece of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s skeleton in, it would be worth it!
“Mr Chen, go and take a look, there are even quite a few cultivators locked up within this Blood and Bone Sect!”
At this moment, a Soul Demon Sect disciple hurriedly ran over and said to Chen Ping!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping hurriedly followed that Soul Demon Sect disciple over!
Chen Ping saw that a dozen or so cultivators were being imprisoned inside a bizarre formation under the Bone Mountain behind the Blood and Bone Sect!
These cultivators looked very distressed, there were both men and women, and they were all terrified!
When they saw Chen Ping and the others, they were all curled up and should have been terrified!