Another few days later, time flew by!
Chen Ping was immersed in the Royal Fire Steps!
Only to see Chen Ping’s feet gas an unsearchable flame, the flame was like a fine silk, constantly circling around the soles of Chen Ping’s feet!
Chen Ping’s mind moved, and the two thin filament-like flames even rapidly drilled into the ground!
Chen Ping took a step forward and his body directly disappeared!
When Chen Ping opened his eyes, he found that he was already miles away!
“Damn, still can’t do a hundred miles in one step, too hard to practice, really shouldn’t have pissed off that Fire Spirit Star Sovereign in the first place ……”
Chen Ping sighed, although this Fire-Resisting Step was good, it was too difficult to practice!
During this period of time, Chen Ping, apart from recovering, was drilling this Fire Royal Steps, and now he could only take a step of several miles!
Chen Ping was now surprisingly unsatisfied with a step of several miles and could not see beyond it, he had not thought about the fact that when he was in the secular world, using that Qiankun Circle was only traversing hundreds of metres through the void!
Now Chen Ping is running the Royal Fire Steps, one step out is miles away, even not satisfied ……
It was really true that human desire was infinite!
“Mr Chen, my father is calling out to you, he has now fully recovered and wants to call out to you to be his guest at the Blood Spirit Valley!”
Luo Xi ran and said to Chen Ping!
“Good, let’s go then!”
Chen Ping also wanted to go to the Blood Spirit Valley to have a look around before asking Jin Dong to take himself to the Devil Swallowing Cave.
Chen Ping and his group, headed towards the Blood Spirit Valley!
The Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man, who was alone, also followed Chen Ping and the others to the Blood Spirit Valley!
When they were still tens of miles away from the Blood Spirit Valley, Bai Qian frowned slightly and kept looking at the sky!
“What’s wrong?”
Chen Ping asked Bai Shao!
“There are quite a few vultures circling in this sky, there should be someone fighting and dying in this vicinity.”
“Looking at the number of these vultures, there should be quite a few dead people ……”
Bai Shao said!
Only when they heard Bai Shao say this did the crowd raise their heads and saw that there were indeed quite a number of vultures circling in the sky, swooping straight down from time to time!
“It’s bad ……”
Luo Shouhai’s heart was startled, “I’m the only one in this area, could it be that something has happened to our Blood Spirit Valley?”
Luo Shouhai’s footsteps accelerated, and the others followed closely behind, their speed increased to the extreme!
Dozens of miles, for Chen Ping and the others, it was only the blink of an eye!
Looking at the deadly Blood Spirit Valley in front of them, as well as the pervasive smell of blood, and the vultures that were constantly circling, Luo Shouhai’s face became ugly to the extreme!
Even though he reached the door, Luo Shouhai didn’t have the courage to push it open!
“Ji Yun, go call the door ……”
Chen Ping told Ji Yun to go and call the door.
Ji Yun went up and gently knocked on the gate, but there was no movement at all, Ji Yun could only push and the gate slowly opened!
The gate opened, while in the courtyard was a field of corpses, some of which were gnawed by the Turk with only white bones left!
Seeing this tragic scene, Luo Shouhai’s eyes instantly rounded, a mouthful of blood spurted out and he directly fainted!
Jin Dong and Luo Xi were also frozen on the spot, the two of them were like fools!
One had to know that these were their mentors and brothers, mentors and brothers who had lived together for many years!
Seeing this, Chen Ping stepped forward and clasped Luo Shouhai’s wrist, and a spiritual force was struck into Luo Shouhai’s body, which caused Luo Shouhai to wake up in a ghostly manner!
“Who is it, who did this ……”
Luo Shouhai hissed and ran into the courtyard!
Chen Ping and the others followed them in, looking at the tragic situation they all could not bear to look at it either!
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder frowned and said, “Who the hell did this?There hasn’t been anything like this in the Heavenly Demon Mountain for a very long time ……”
Luo Xi and Jin Dong cried as they looked at the corpses on the ground!
Anyone who saw this kind of scene would have no way to control their emotions!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, did not move, his divine sense spread out, he wanted to check if there were any other scents present in this Blood Spirit Valley, other than the scent of these Blood Spirit Valley disciples!
If there was, then it would be easy to check who the murderer was!