“Yan Lao …………”
Shi Yan softly shouted, and the old man instantly opened his eyes!
“Shi Yan ah, is there another magic weapon that you can’t read?”
That Yan Lao asked after opening his eyes and seeing that it was Shi Yan, doing up and yawning.
“Elder Yan, someone has indeed sent me a magic weapon that I cannot read, I still hope that Elder Yan will identify it!”
Saying that, Shi Yan took out the gourd!
This Yan Lao was the appraiser of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion, most of the magic tools pa*sed through his hands, and he was able to tell the grade of the magic tools, even the Pavilion Master Shi Qingpei was respectful to this Yan Lao, so this Shi Yan was also polite in the face of Yan Lao.
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the market.
Seeing this expression on Yan Lao’s face, Shi Yan’s heart shook and he hurriedly asked, “Yan Lao, could this really be a magic weapon?”
“Not bad, and it is also a top grade magic weapon.”
Yan Lao’s face was filled with excitement, then he picked up a wooden mallet by his side and gently tapped on the gourd!
Not knowing what incantation Yan Lao’s mouth was chanting, he saw that the gourd, which originally looked ancient and old, actually began to shine with a purple light!
The light rose up to the sky and brightened up the whole room!
Shi Yan looked at the light and was frozen in his tracks!
As Yan Lao’s incantation slowly stopped, the light gradually faded away!
And at this moment, that originally old and antique gourd, became radiant, and from within the gourd also emitted a burst of huge aura!
“Yan Lao, this …… is what kind of magic weapon?”
Shi Yan asked in surprise.
“This is a purple gold gourd, containing the power of heaven and earth within, I heard that this purple gold gourd used to be the object of the demon world, I don’t know how it came into your hands.”
Yan Lao said in disbelief.
“Elder Yan, this gourd is exactly what the people from the Demon Heart Sect sent to me.”
Shi Yan hurriedly explained.
“Oh ……” Yan Lao nodded and then reminded Shi Yan, “They sent such a valuable magic weapon, they must have asked for something, your father is now in seclusion to refine the weapon, there are some things you should be cautious about, don’t haphazardly Promise someone else’s request.”
Yan Lao knew that no merit would be rewarded, since the other party had sent such a good magic weapon, it must have something to ask of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion, Shi Yan was too young, that’s why Yan Lao had admonished him!
“Don’t worry, Elder Yan, I know what to do!”
Shi Yan nodded, and then took the gourd and left!
Just as he walked out of the room, Shi Yan injected his meaningful energy into the gourd, and in an instant the gourd erupted with a terrifying light, and the huge aura spread out in all directions, the entire Hundred Refinements Pavilion actually began to shake!
The whole Pavilion of Hundred Refinements was protected by a magic weapon, and the aura emanating from the gourd now clashed with the Pavilion’s magic weapon, causing the Pavilion to shake!
Seeing this, Shi Yan hurriedly withdrew his powerful Qi, before the terrifying aura slowly disappeared!
“What a powerful force, it almost destroyed our Hundred Refinement Pavilion’s pavilion protection magic weapon ……”
Shi Yan looked at the gourd in his hand, his eyes filled with searing heat!
Shi Yan returned to his room, Ning Zhi was still waiting anxiously, seeing that Shi Yan had returned, he hurriedly got up and said, “Young Pavilion Master, how is it?”
“Brother Ning, this gourd given by your Demonic Heart Sect is indeed a good magic weapon, but no merit, do you have a request from our Hundred Refinement Pavilion, just tell us what you want!”
Shi Yan asked in a straightforward manner.
Seeing how straightforward Shi Yan was, Ning Zhi did not beat around the bush and said truthfully, “Brother Ning, we are giving this magic artifact to your Hundred Refinement Pavilion in the hope that you can help our Demon Heart Sect capture someone!”
“Catch what person?” Shi Yan asked.
“Capture Chen Ping, that Chen Ping wants to step into my Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm, but he simply cannot open the entrance to the secret realm, so it is likely that he will come back to your Hundred Refinement Pavilion to borrow the Heavenly Opportunity Order!”
“So what our Lord Demon Envoy means is that we hope that the Hundred Refinement Pavilion will not lend him the Heavenly Opportunity Order and additionally help us catch him!”
Ning Zhi said.