Along with the increase in the number of black-robed people, many clans and families had begun to see people with spirit possession!
The strength of these people was growing so quickly that they, the old martial lords, had long been left far behind!
Soon, Long Jingguo felt an unprecedented aura, an aura that caused fear and anxiety within Long Jingguo!
Slowly, a figure appeared in front of Long Jingguo, and upon seeing the visitor, Long Jingguo instantly froze!
“Xiao’er, you …… have made a breakthrough?”
Long Jingguo’s eyes were wide open, his eyes filled with disbelief!
“Yes, I have broken through, not only have I broken through to Grand Martial Marquis, I have also suffered a lightning tribulation, now I am unbeatable ……”
Long Xiao’s eyes emitted a brilliant light, that arrogant aura on his body instantly burst out!
“Thunder …… thunder tribulation?”
Long Jingguo was once again shocked, then it turned into endless surprise: “Hahahaha, great, great, this time, our Long Family can recreate its glory, no longer needing to be sheltered by the Martial Dao Alliance!”
Long Jingguo laughed out loud, and as he laughed there were actually tears in his eyes!
“Dad, what’s wrong with you?”
Long Xiao asked in confusion.
Long Jingguo sighed, “You have something more than that, these few months you’ve been gone, the Kyoto martial arts world has also undergone radical changes!”
Long Jingguo told the story of the Kyoto martial arts world!
Along with the growth in strength of other clans and families, the Long Family’s voice and status in the martial arts world was getting lower and lower!
It had even reached a position where it was despised, and now there was no longer Long Jingguo at the meetings of the Martial Arts Union!
To put it bluntly, it was that the Long Family had reached a point where it was dispensable in the Martial Dao Alliance.
“D*mn it ……” Long Xiao gritted his teeth, “I will show those people who look down on the Long Family that I, Long Xiao, am the number one in the Martial Dao world, I will make them kneel down and submit!”
“What’s the Martial Dao Alliance, what qualifications does that Zhu Zhi Shan have to look down on the Long Family?”
Long Xiao let out a furious shout, and his terrifying energy instantly exploded!
At that moment, Long Xingxu walked in, and after seeing Long Xiao, Long Xingxu lowered his head and acted very fearful!
“Xingxu, is there something wrong?”
Long Jingguo asked.
“Master, tomorrow the Martial Alliance will hold another meeting ……”
Long Xingxu said.
“Or is it without our Long family?”
Long Jingguo asked with a frown.
“En!” Long Xingxu nodded his head.
“I know, you go down ……”
Long Jingguo waved his hand.
During this period of time, he had been sending Long Xingxu to spy on news within the Martial Dao Alliance!
Recently, the Martial Dao Alliance had been meeting frequently, and they didn’t know if there was something going on, but every time they met, they no longer involved their Long family either!
Long Xingxu retreated, and as he was retreating to the door, he couldn’t help but quietly glance at that Long Xiao!
Long Xiao didn’t care, this Long Xingxu’s strength was too low, so low that no one would notice him!
Long Jingguo’s face became very ugly, since the Long Family had come into his hands, it had started to decline little by little, and now it had become a family that no one could despise.
“This Zhu Zhishan, simply D*mn ……”
A cold aura emerged from Long Xiao’s eyes, “I’m going to find him now ……”
“Xiao’er, you must not be impulsive ……”
Long Jingguo turned to Long Xiao and advised him.
“Dad, don’t worry, I have a handle on it ……”
Long Xiao finished speaking and walked out of the Long family!
And at this time, Zhu Zhishan was drinking at a tavern!
Don’t look at Zhu Zhishan as the Martial Alliance Alliance Master, his status is very high, he should be famous and rich!
But only he himself knew that within the Martial Dao Alliance, no one looked up to him.
So Zhu Zhishan had been meeting a lot during this period of time in order to find a sense of presence.
He even made an example of him by cutting out Long Jingguo, who had disrespected him, and at every meeting, Long Jingguo was not invited and the Long family was not allowed to participate!