If Chen Ping wants to destroy the Long family and save his mother, he is afraid that he will have a difficult road to travel.
What’s more, the Dragon Family had a huge power in Kyoto and an intricate network of relationships, even within the Martial Arts Union, the Dragon Family had a say, so if Chen Ping wanted to deal with the Dragon Family, then it would be possible that he would be dealing with the entire Martial Arts community in Kyoto.
With the five guardians gone, only Long Jingguo was left in the entire hall followed by a few Long family elders, Long Xingxu didn’t dare to raise his head in front of these people, nor did he have the qualifications to do so!
“Family head, if there is nothing else, I will go down and prepare.”
Long Xingxu thought of leaving, being here was too depressing.
“Don’t you go yet!” Long Jingguo called out to Long Xingxu, and then continued to speak, “Long Xingxu, what level of strength have you reached now?”
“Back home, Lord, it’s already at the strength of a third grade Martial Sect, with time to cultivate, when the trials are over, I am confident that I will break through to a fourth grade Martial Sect.”
Long Xingxu said with great confidence.
“Fourth grade Martial Sect, that’s really not bad, there are really not many people of your age who can reach this strength.”
Long Jingguo praised Long Xingxu.
“Thank you, family head for the compliment!” Long Xingxu had a smug look on his face.
One should know that Long Jingguo rarely praised people, even his own son, Long Xiao, he would not praise.
“Don’t thank me yet, with your current strength, if you were to run into that Chen Ping, would you be able to capture him alive?”
Long Jingguo asked a very pointed question.
After Long Xingxu faintly stared, he then shook his head, “Family head, I can’t do it, since that Chen Ping was able to kill that Watanabe Ichiro, his strength should be higher than mine.”
Long Xingxu was sincere and wouldn’t bother to hide the fact that his strength was indeed no match for Chen Ping.
“What I am most worried about now is that with such strength, you will suffer a big loss during the trial, and in the end, you will not get a bit of resources, before putting your own little life on the line.”
Long Jingguo said with a worried face.
When Long Xingxu heard this, his heart thumped a little, he knew that this beautiful job of his was possibly about to go down the drain.
“Family head, for the sake of the Dragon Family, I am willing to give everything, including my life.”
Long Xingxu began to swear to the heavens.
“Long Xingxu, you don’t need to be so excited, I will arrange for you to go to this trial, but I have already asked Xiao’er to rush back, so the two of you will team up for the trial then.”
Looking at Long Xingxu with that look, Long Jingguo said with relief.
When Long Xingxu heard that, his whole body just froze, but he did not have the right to refuse, in the Long Family he was just a side branch, although some of the subordinates called him Young Master Long, but in the eyes of the senior members of the Long Family, he Long Xingxu was nothing.
However, Long Xingxu was also secretly relieved, although the main character of the trial had become Long Xiao, after all, he could also attend the trial himself, all Long Xingxu needed now was the opportunity.
“Everything is at the family head’s disposal ……”
Long Xingxu said respectfully, not daring to show a trace of displeasure on his face.
“Well, go down and prepare well!”
Long Jingguo waved his hand.
Long Xingxu retreated, but the moment he went out, the groveling on Long Xingxu’s face disappeared and was replaced by a cold face, and a ruthlessness flashed in his eyes.
As the most gifted person of the younger generation, Long Xingxu had relied on limited resources to cultivate to the Martial Sect realm, and he had been working hard for the day when he could make their lineage, the master of the Long Family, not to be looked down upon.
At present, he is sometimes even worse than a subordinate, and lives a careful life, fearing that any word will annoy Long Jingguo and he will be directly annulled.
Long Xingxu knew very well how Long Jingguo came to be the head of the family, and he knew that as long as he held back, that day would come sooner or later.