“Truth be told, I have come to the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain only to search for the Heavenly Demon Stone.”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
Chen Ping was there to select the Heavenly Demon Stone and also to visit the Devil Swallowing Cave.
“Could it be that Mr Cheng has a friend who needs to reshape his flesh? Is it the one inside you?”
Jiang Yulian asked!
Chen Ping was stunned and somewhat puzzled “Does Miss Jiang also know that this Heavenly Demon Stone is used to reshape the physical body?”
“Of course, our Soul Demon Sect is specialised in the study of souls, reshaping the physical body for divine souls is also something that our sect studies ah.”
“However, Heavenly Demon Stones are very scarce, only cultivators at the Mahayana Realm or above, after their fleshly bodies are destroyed, will use Heavenly Demon Stones to reshape their fleshly bodies, because fleshly bodies reshaped with Heavenly Demon Stones will be very strong.”
“If the remodelled flesh is too weak, even if the realm is higher, it’s useless, it won’t be able to withstand that terrifying aura at all, and maybe the flesh will even explode.”
“Could it be that this friend of Mr Cheng’s is not a cultivator of the Mahayana realm or higher?”
When Jiang Yulian said this, her eyes were filled with envy as she looked at Chen Ping!
After all, to be able to have a cultivator of the Mahayana Realm or even more realms as a friend, what a thing to show off!
“This …………”
Chen Ping hesitated for a moment, then smiled bitterly “Actually, I don’t know the strength of my friend, he just told me that he needed the Heavenly Demon Stone, and it wasn’t this friend inside of me either, this friend inside of me has a very low strength!”
Chen Ping did not know what the wind devil’s strength was right now, after all, the wind devil was only a remnant soul right now, having taken over someone else’s body, his strength must have been greatly reduced!
As for what realm the Wind Demon was at its peak, Chen Ping did not really know either!
There was also that Yin Demon and Blood Demon, Chen Ping also did not know their realms!
However, Chen Ping knew that in the Celestial Realm, these fellows could definitely be considered as a reigning existence back then, or else they wouldn’t have suppressed them!
They might have been in the Mahayana realm, or they might have reached a higher level of the Immortalisation realm!
But there was one thing that Chen Ping always remembered that the Blood Demon had once said, that a single look from his own father could cause the Blood Demon to go up in smoke!
Then what exactly would be the realm of one’s own father!
Chen Ping tilted his head and looked at the sky, he himself did not know when, he would be able to ascend to the Heavenly Realm, perhaps when he reached the Heavenly Realm, he would be able to meet his father!
“Mr Cheng, the Heavenly Demon Stone is a very rare thing, although we have lived in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain for so many years, we have never seen a Heavenly Demon Stone, but there is a possibility that my master would know something about it.”
Zheng Jian said to Chen Ping!
Zheng Jian’s meaning was obvious, that was for Chen Ping to go back to the Soul Demon Sect with them, and perhaps he would be able to get news of the Heavenly Demon Stone!
Chen Ping himself knew that wandering around in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, it was impossible to find the Heavenly Demon Stone, he couldn’t even find the Devil Swallowing Cave!
He had to have someone familiar to guide him, so he nodded and agreed to follow Jiang Yulian and the others back to the Soul Demon Sect!
Chen Ping followed Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian towards the direction of the Soul Demon Sect!
In fact, Chen Ping did not know that the Devil Swallowing Cave was only a few hundred miles away from where they were right now, and it would not take a day to get there!
At this time, in the depths of the Devil Swallowing Cave, a dozen or so corpses of demonic cultivators lay on the ground, the costumes of these demonic cultivators, surprisingly, followed by that Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian are the same, should also be the Soul Demon Sect’s disciples!
A mass of black mist surrounded those dozen corpses!
Wisps of deathly aura emanated from within the corpses!
Ning Zhi sat in front of these corpses and violently opened his mouth, and the strands of dead qi were continuously drawn into Ning Zhi’s body!
Ning Caichen and Qi Peijia watched from the sides!
The two had different expressions!