Ji Meiyan directly drilled in, and Chen Ping followed when he saw this!
In the Progress Cave, the inside instantly lit up with layers of light, these lights were as if they were moving rapidly, Chen Ping felt as if they had entered a time and space tunnel!
Without any movement at all, Chen Ping only felt a whiteness before his eyes, followed by a majestic palace appearing in front of the two!
“This is the main hall of our ancestral land, this dark passage was also discovered by me unintentionally, apart from father and big brother, no one knows of the existence of this dark passage.”
Ji Meiyan said!
Chen Ping looked at the majestic palace and felt the aura of the origin within, his face was filled with excitement!
Here, there was absolutely no need for sensation to absorb the Origin aura, it was simply fantastic!
Looking at Chen Ping’s excited look, Ji Meiyan also smiled, she just liked to see Chen Ping happy, so that she was happy too!
“Did you feel the Origin Breath?” Ji Meiyan asked!
“Felt it, a very strong Origin Breath ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head vigorously!
“You go in with me, there are many kinds of Origin breaths here, maybe you can even be sensing an Origin while you’re here!”
Ji Meiyan said, leading Chen Ping towards the grand hall!
Just after taking two steps, Ji Meiyan suddenly turned back and said “Once you meet the Great Ancestor, don’t talk nonsense, no matter how you are asked, just say that you are from the Ji family.”
“Great Ancestor? Could it be that there is still someone alive in this ancestral land?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise!
“Of course, the Great Ancestor has lived for hundreds of years, only that he can’t walk out of here, as long as he leaves the Ancestral Ground, he will immediately die.”
Ji Meiyan said!
Chen Ping understood that this so-called Great Ancestor should not be a true physical survival either, perhaps it was a soul spirit body, relying on the various scents within the Ancestral Ground to be able to exist all the time!
If one left the Ancestral Ground, then this Soul Spirit Body would probably have to go up in smoke!
Following Ji Meiyan into the hall, Chen Ping saw an old man, sitting cross-legged in the centre of the hall!
The old man looked strangely thin, his eyes were slightly closed, and his eyes were sunken in!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping felt a sense of surprise, he did not expect that this Ji Family’s Great Ancestor was still truly surviving in his physical body, it was simply too difficult!
Only on this Ji Family Great Ancestor, there was not much of an aura, so Chen Ping could not detect the strength of the old man!
Originally, the old man was slightly closing his eyes, and only after hearing the commotion did he slowly open his eyes!
“Great Ancestor ……”
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan rushed forward and saluted!
The old man sized up Ji Meiyan, then slowly opened his mouth “Ancestral land has just been opened, supposedly it should only come in tomorrow, how did you guys get in so quickly?”
“Great Ancestor, the Ancestral Ground was suddenly opened, many people didn’t know what was going on, so the two of us were sent in to see what was going on.”
Ji Meiyan said!
The old man glanced at Chen Ping and then said “This young man, he is not from the Ji family, is he?”
“Taizu, it’s from the Ji family, he’s the son of that third uncle who ran away from home, he’s a son of our Ji family.”
Ji Meiyan hurriedly explained!
“Nonsense, is it a descendant of our Ji family, is there a bloodline of our Ji family, don’t I know that?”
The old man shouted angrily at once!
This cry startled Ji Meiyan!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then admitted, “Old senior, I am indeed not a Ji family descendant!”
“Since you are not a Ji family descendant, you do not have the qualifications to enter the Ancestral Ground, hurry up and leave quickly, if you dare to trespass on your own, then don’t blame the old man for being impolite.”
The old man waved his hand!
“Great Ancestor ……”
Ji Meiyan’s face was full of anxiety and tried to demand the old man, but the old man had slowly closed his eyes!
“Miss Ji, we’d better leave ……”
Chen Ping intended to tell Ji Meiyan to leave, after all, he wasn’t a Ji family descendant, so he couldn’t just rely on people’s ancestral lands and not leave!