Ning Zhi’s face instantly turned even uglier when he heard Zhu Zhishan’s words.
“It’s bad, it’s bad …………”
Ning Zhi said with a gloomy face.
“Ning Zhi, what’s wrong?” Zhu Zhishan asked with a face full of confusion.
“I suspect that that Chen Ping is not dead, and that what happened last night was the work of that Chen Ping ……”
Ning Zhi said in a gruff voice.
After Zhu Zhishan heard this, his expression changed greatly, then shook his head and said, “Impossible, how could that Chen Ping not be dead, even if he wasn’t, with Chen Ping’s strength, it would be impossible for him to destroy thirteen sects and families in one night, you shouldn’t be alarmist ……”
Zhu Zhishan did not believe that Chen Ping was not dead, and he could not accept that Chen Ping was not dead, in his mind, Chen Ping had died long ago and could not possibly be alive.
Just then, Long Jingguo and Long Xiao, who had heard the news, also arrived at the Martial Alliance!
After hearing that Ning Zhi suspected that Chen Ping was not dead and that these sects and families were destroyed by Chen Ping, the Long family father and son did not believe it at all either!
“Vice Alliance Master Ning, if your words were to get out, I’m afraid they would make people laugh, that Chen Ping is not that capable even if he were alive.”
Long Jingguo sneered and said.
That Long Xiao also spoke, “Not bad, right now, with my strength, I can’t even do this, that Chen Ping wouldn’t be able to do it even if he were alive.”
“Just because you can’t do it, doesn’t mean he can’t do it, this time, your strength has grown several times, doesn’t mean Chen Ping doesn’t grow, maybe his strength has grown even faster than yours ……”
Ning Zhi gave Long Xiao a disdainful look.
He didn’t suspect it was Chen Ping for no reason, all signs indicated that Chen Ping was probably not dead, and since Chen Ping wasn’t dead, he would be able to do such a thing as exterminating thirteen clan families.
Moreover, Chen Ping had always been ruthless in dealing with his enemies and had never shed an encounter, not to mention that now Chen Ping hated the Martial Alliance to the bone, and all these clans and families had joined the Martial Alliance, so they were Chen Ping’s enemies.
“I think you are just afraid of being beaten by that Chen Ping, your Ning family was all destroyed by Chen Ping, you were chased around by Chen Ping, you must have a shadow in your heart, so it is normal for you to suspect that it is Chen Ping, after all, that Chen Ping should have become your heart demon by now ……”
Although Ning Zhi was the Vice Alliance Master, Long Xiao didn’t give any face at all.
“You …………”
Ning Zhi’s eyes instantly burst out in anger, but he held back from making a move.
Now was not the time for him to make a move, the time was not yet ripe!
“I’m going to go cultivate, since you don’t believe me, just wait and see ……”
Ning Zhi turned around and left, he was going to catch up on his training, fortunately the Martial Alliance had Su Yuqi’s blood that could help Ning Zhi cultivate quickly.
“Long family head, you need to be careful, maybe this person will go to your Long family.”
Zhu Zhishan barked at Long Jingguo.
“Don’t worry Lord Zhu, as long as that person dares to come, I will be able to catch him ……”
Long Jingguo did not say anything, but Long Xiao said with conviction.
Because he would soon be able to raise his strength again, and when he got the armor on Xiao Ru and absorbed Xiao Ru’s strength, he would be able to boast of the entire Kyoto martial arts world.
After sending the Long family and their son away, Zhu Zhishan immediately sent someone to investigate this matter and who had done it, while Zhu Zhishan himself was not idle, he needed to go and appease those clan families of the Martial Dao Alliance.
Many of the clans are now trembling in fear because they don’t know when that person will come out and they risk having their clans destroyed.
After all, it was impossible to hide the fact that the other side was targeting the Martial Alliance, and the fact that several dryads had been carved into their bodies soon spread, so some clans chose to withdraw from the Martial Alliance in order to protect themselves.