“Now that the Divine Flame Seal is in Junior Brother’s hands and has even recognised its owner, does that mean that Junior Brother is considered the Sect Master?”
Zhu Ling said!
“That Chen Ping isn’t even a disciple of my Purple Flame Sect, and the Divine Flame Seal can’t be in his hands.”
“As disciples of the Violet Flame Sect, we have an obligation to protect the Divine Flame Seal from being taken away by outsiders.”
Huo Yuanting began to incite the many disciples of the Violet Flame Sect!
One must know that the Divine Flame Seal was extremely important in the hearts of these disciples, or else it wouldn’t be the case that the Sect Master had to have the Divine Flame Seal recognised as his master.
Now that Chen Ping’s identity had been exposed, he was not a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, so it was inappropriate to hold the Divine Flame Seal, and even if he had recognised it as his master, he could not allow Chen Ping to take the Divine Flame Seal away!
Huo Yuan Ting was recognising this point, that’s why he was killing in resisting a bit, to be able to take the Divine Flame Seal into his own hands, then it would be a done deal!
“Who said that Chen Ping is not a disciple of my Purple Flame Sect?”
The old Sect Master asked rhetorically!
“Of course not, who among us doesn’t know what Elder Yu’s virtues are, he must have received Chen Ping’s money and brought him in.”
“And with Elder Yu’s two tricks, it’s impossible for him to be Chen Ping’s master.”
Huo Yuanting said!
“That’s right, it’s true that Elder Yu can’t be Chen Ping’s master, but I can be Chen Ping’s father-in-law.”
“Chen Ping has already had a skin-to-skin relationship after my daughter and has become my aunt.”
“His status is heavier than a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, so why wouldn’t he be able to get the Divine Flame Seal?”
The old Sect Master coldly snorted!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was a bit dumbfounded, when did he have skinship after Zhu Ling?
It wasn’t just seeing a bath!
The Celestial Realm was so open, if one looked at the bath, did they have to be together?
Chen Ping himself didn’t even know it yet, but he had become the old sect master’s aunt!
Zhu Ling also blushed when she heard her father say such words in public, but it could be seen that she was very happy!
As for the other Purple Flame Sect disciples, one by one, they were envious and jealous of Chen Ping!
One must know that Zhu Ling was the goddess of many men’s hearts!
The kind that would make you tremble at the mere sight of it!
This kind of goddess, was actually slept with by Chen Ping!
Just thinking about it made me jealous!
“Junior Brother, when did you sleep with Senior Sister Zhu Ling?”
Wei Qing was very puzzled, during this period of time, he had been following Chen Ping around, and he hadn’t seen any Chen Ping having a chance ah!
Chen Ping smiled helplessly and did not answer Wei Qing!
At this time, Huo Yuan Ting heard the words of the old Sect Master, he was also instantly dumbfounded, he did not expect Chen Ping to follow Zhu Ling together!
To think that back then, his own son had just slightly flirted with Zhu Ling and was kicked out of the Purple Flame Sect!
But now Chen Ping had slept with Zhu Ling, but in turn, nothing had happened at all!
“Hmph, this is just your side of the story, no matter what, this Divine Flame Seal absolutely cannot be in that Chen Ping’s hands.”
After Huo Yuan Ting finished speaking, he actually snatched the Divine Flame Seal towards Chen Ping’s hand!
This fellow wanted to snatch the Divine Flame Seal back into his own hands!
“Unconscionable ……”
Facing Huo Yuanting, Chen Ping unexpectedly showed disdain!
Only to see a flame breath erupt from the Divine Flame Seal, and the monstrous flame breath blasted down towards Huo Yuanting like a mountain!
Ka ka ka ka ……
Huo Yuanting’s body shook, only to feel his body being crushed and cackled, instantly slumping to the ground!
This aura caused Huo Yuanting to have no way of getting up!
The Mahayana realm’s Huo Yuan Ting had become sprawled like a dog at this moment!
Huo Yuan Ting desperately struggled, but the more he struggled, the harder he felt to breathe!
In the end, Huo Yuanting stopped struggling, and although there was unwillingness in his eyes, there was nothing more he could do!
The old Sect Master looked at Huo Yuan Ting’s appearance and let out a light sigh, “Huo Yuan Ting, considering that you have been in the Purple Flame Sect for many years, and that your son is dead, I won’t kill you today, but you will be expelled from the Purple Flame Sect, and you will not be allowed to step foot into the Purple Flame Sect for the rest of your life!”
While the old Sect Master’s words fell, Chen Ping put away that flame breath!