When the wrapped silk threads were cut open, a strong smell of blood was emitted, followed by a corpse falling out of the chrysalis-like thing!
The spider beast swallowed the silk thread and the corpse, and then attacked Ono Jiro again!
Ono Jiro’s face was incomparable, and he kept cursing at the spider beast in his heart, he couldn’t understand why the spider beast kept chasing him!
Onojiro could only keep kicking at the chrysalis-like things above and below the stone wall to keep the spider beast at bay!
And inside each one, surprisingly, was a corpse, a man, a woman, and even a child ……
This scene was a little shocking to see Chen Ping!
At this time, Hu Ma Zi chased after him, and when he saw the scene, his face instantly turned ugly!
“Master Hu, what’s wrong with you?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Pocky Hu.
“Living figurines, these brutes are actually making living figurines ……”
Pocky Hu gritted his teeth, his eyes filled with rage!
“Master Hu, what are living figurines?”
Chen Ping had a puzzled look on his face, having no idea what Pocky Hu was talking about!
“Living human figurines, is to wrap living people directly in silkworms, let them die of hunger and thirst alive inside, and then take these living human figurines and use them to breed demonic beasts!”
“In order to make those living people drain all the filth from their bodies so that the demon beasts will enjoy eating them more ……”
Hu Ma Zi explained.
When Chen Ping heard this, he was instantly on fire, only now did he realize that the corpses inside were actually all wrapped up before they were born.
At this moment, that Ono Jiro was still continuously using that living figurine to dodge the spider beast’s attack!
Chen Ping slapped out his palm, and the pressure of a mountainous sea went straight for that Ono Jiro!
Ono Jiro was focusing all his attention on the spider beast, but now he suddenly found a terrifying aura coming at him, and Ono Jiro had no time to dodge!
Boom!
After a deafening sound, Ono Jiro was gone without even a crumb, and was directly smashed into dust by Chen Ping!
Having lost its target, the Spider Beast instantly turned its attention to Chen Ping’s body!
The spider beast seemed to know that the person in front of him was of higher strength, so instead of charging straight at him, it instantly spat out several threads of silk, which immediately wrapped around both Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi!
Seeing this, Chen Ping picked the Dragon Cutting Sword outwards in his hand, instantly cutting through those threads, and then slashed at the spider beast with his sword!
Sensing the danger, the spider beast retreated, followed by two front legs as sharp as swords, wielding a biting energy towards Chen Ping!
Clang clang clang …………
Chen Ping had his Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, instantly blocking the powerful qi attack, and then ruthlessly stabbed the Dragon Chopping Sword at the Spider Beast’s body!
Poof …………
A dark green blood flowed out as Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword stabbed into the Spider Beast’s body, but the distance it penetrated was very little, and it was only able to break through the Spider Beast’s defence.
Chen Ping’s heart was shocked, this was his full strength strike, but he didn’t expect it to just break through the spider beast’s defence!
The wounded spider beast hissed, then opened its bloody mouth and bit directly at Chen Ping.
At the same time, the spider beast’s claws took control of Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword.
Seeing this, Chen Ping tried to pull the Dragon Cutting Sword out, but found that the Dragon Cutting Sword was already controlled by the spider beast’s claws, so he backed up violently, dodging the spider beast’s attack, but at the same time, he also took the Dragon Cutting Sword out of his hand!
“Chen Ping, don’t fight here, let’s go out, the space here is too small ……”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping.
Following a demonic beast like this in a fight, one had to use their speed to their advantage to do so, and such large demonic beasts were generally not very fast!
But within this confined hall, even if Chen Ping was fast, there was no place to exert his speed.