“Since Nie Heng has spoken, let the two of them follow.”
Chen Ping spoke up!
Ruyan Liu nodded and said, “Alright, let them follow!”
Chen Ping personally watched Chen Wenliang and the others leave on the teleportation array, and although Ruyan Liu was reluctant to leave, she still left!
The other pill masters also went back to their respective homes, while Chen Ping followed Granny Zhen and Zhong Yi back to the Zhen Family!
Bai Shao, Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun were anxiously waiting for Chen Ping!
They didn’t know if Chen Ping would be in danger, halfway through the journey, Zhen Yuandao and the others ran back, while Chen Ping and the others chased after Su Tianshuo!
There was no news for several days in a row, and they couldn’t even contact the sound transmission jade slips, so of course several people were worried!
However, seeing that Chen Ping had returned unharmed, a few people were instantly happy!
While in the Zhen Family’s main hall, Zhen Yuandao followed Granny Zhen and Zhong Yi as the two of them talked!
He had also learnt from both of them about the risks that the people had encountered this time when they travelled to the deep sea!
However, the benefits often came along with the risks, and this time, Granny Zhen and Zhong Emotion did not fail to obtain various resources in the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
Especially the Beast Dans, Zhong Emotion’s storage bag was about to be stuffed to the brim!
“It seems that this Chen Ping is really not simple, not only is his medical skills outstanding, he even knows divine pattern formations, and he also possesses a variety of supreme fires and divine abilities.”
After listening to Granny Zhen and Zhong Yi, Zhen Yuandao was shocked and said!
“More than that, every weapon on his body, that is a supreme treasure, this Chen Ping definitely has unknown secrets on his body!”
Zhong Qi had been constantly observing Chen Ping on this journey, and he knew that Chen Ping was definitely not as simple as what everyone saw!
“Now that Su Tianshuo is dead, the president of the Western Region Apothecary Guild is vacant, we need to handpick someone to go up there, we mustn’t let something like this happen again.”
Zhen Yuandao was terrified at the thought of Su Tianshuo’s plot, all of their apothecaries almost didn’t make it back!
“It’s true that we need to find a reliable person, and it can’t be someone from within the four great families yet, otherwise it’ll be easy to strife.”
Zhong Yi nodded and said!
“Pill Master Zhong, I think this position, you’re the most suitable, in the entire Western Region Pill Master world, who dares to disobey you?”
“Even the four great families of Yongle City, they wouldn’t dare to disobey ah!”
Zhen Yuandao wanted Zhong Qi to become the President of the Western Region Apothecary Association, after all, Zhong Qi was considered one of his own people!
“No, no, no, I’m used to being loose, I don’t want to be the president!”
Zhong Sheng waved his hand in a hurry!
“It’ll be you, I’ll propose it in a meeting in a couple of days.”Zhen Yuandao made sure to make Zhong Yi this president!
Just as the two of them were pushing back, Granny Zhen then said impatiently, “Alright, alright, let’s talk about the president’s matter later.”
“Brother, just now when I came back, I heard that people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty came to our house, what did they come for?”
When Granny Zhen and the others were coming back, they heard Zhen Huan say that people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had been staying in the Zhen family for several days!
“Oh, it’s Emperor Xiao who sent someone to invite that Chen Ping.”
Zhen Yuandao said!
“Could it be because of the matter of him healing Emperor Xiao?”
Granny Zhen asked!
“No, many of the spirit beasts bred by Emperor Xiao’s dynasty suddenly suffered from serious illnesses, so they wanted to invite the medicine master to go and diagnose them.”
“Named that Chen Ping to go, but that Chen Ping wasn’t there, so he could only stay in our mansion for the time being.”
“Now that you guys are back, in a moment I will send someone to invite that Chen Ping here!”
Zhen Yuandao said!
“The spirit beast is suffering from a serious illness, wouldn’t it be the same to invite you guys, it seems that Emperor Xiao only trusts Chen Ping now.”
“But that Chen Ping’s medical skills are really not something we can compare to ……”
Zhong Yi said!
“Indeed, we have to acknowledge the gap before we can do so.”Zhen Yuandao nodded, “I’ll personally go and invite that Chen Ping and see if we can get him to take us along to the Xiao Dynasty, it’s good to be able to grow some insights and increase some of our medical skills.”