It was obvious that this old man’s strength exceeded Chen Ping’s by a lot, and if Chen Ping could absorb his strength, his harvest would be very great.
At this moment, the wolf dog that had absorbed the old man’s blood fixed its gaze firmly on the Blood Demon.
The wolf-dog’s breath carried a strong aura of blood!
“This divine dog, which was kept in captivity in hell, absorbed Yin Qi all year round and also devoured souls, now this divine dog, after sucking up my blood, has now long since become invincible ……”
The hunchbacked old man’s eyes were shining brightly, it was obvious that the appearance of this wolf dog had given him a lot of confidence!
“Humph, do you really take me for a fool? If you can open the gates of the secular world and hell, how could you possibly not even defeat a Blood Demon’s corpse, just now was just your blindfold.”
“What’s with the captivity in hell and the devouring of souls, I think it was raised by you in the secret realm of space, and now you’re releasing it to scare people? It’s just as well to slaughter this broken dog of yours and eat the meat, that beast pellet is just as well to help me cultivate ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly and said.
The hunchbacked old man’s face was cold, it was obvious that Chen Ping had been right!
In fact, Chen Ping was just guessing, someone who could truly open the gates of hell couldn’t possibly be capable of doing just that.
“Make a move ……”
The hunchbacked old man knew that he couldn’t bluff Chen Ping anymore, and immediately told the evil dog to make a move against the Blood Demon.
The vicious dog bared its fangs, its eyes were fierce, and every time it spat, it could set off a gust of wind!
But no matter how vicious the dog showed, the Blood Demon did not have any expression at all, because the Blood Demon was just a corpse, and it was useless for the vicious dog to intimidate it.
Seeing that it could not scare the Blood Demon, the dog could only open its bloody mouth and bite directly towards the Blood Demon.
The Blood Devil did not dodge, but was directly bitten by the dog on the arm!
But the Blood Devil’s strong physical body could not be injured by a jumping vicious dog.
The blood devil’s flesh did not have a single bite, but the dog’s teeth broke instantly, causing the dog to let go of its mouth.
Just at the moment of loosening its mouth, the Blood Devil slapped out a palm, only to send the vicious dog’s huge body flying away.
But soon, the vicious dog regained its fear, and it had to be said that this vicious dog’s body was also very strong!
Under the same strength, the physical bodies of demonic beasts were all much stronger.
And without the slightest bit of fear, this vicious dog once again roared and charged at the Blood Demon, extremely fast, and with a burst of black mist constantly emerging from its body!
Along with the black mist that emerged, the sides of that vicious dog’s head actually began to change, followed by the growth of two huge heads.
“A three-headed monster?”
When Chen Ping saw this, he couldn’t help but be a little surprised!
One body, three heads, each with a bloody mouth open!
Just as Chen Ping was amazed, he suddenly felt a strong wind coming at him.
Just as Chen Ping had reacted, the hunchbacked old man had already arrived in front of Chen Ping, followed by that dry palm instantly grabbing towards Chen Ping!
It looked like he was going to capture or control Chen Ping, as long as he controlled Chen Ping, that Blood Demon would not be the slightest threat.
Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly smashed his fist towards the hunchbacked old man.
Boom ……
Chen Ping’s body was directly knocked away and landed heavily on the ground!
And the hunchbacked old man’s body was just a lurch, followed by another grab at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping knew that he was no match for the old man, so he took out his vajra pestle and injected the power of a divine dragon into the pestle, and the huge power of a Martial Saint began to emit its might!
The power of this vajra pestle in Chen Ping’s hands was much greater than in that Nie Cheng’s hands.
Martial Saint weapons also had to be divided into who used them, the stronger the user was, the greater the power the Martial Saint weapon would exert, and in the hands of a Martial Saint, the Martial Saint weapon could only exert its full power.