The two half-step Martial Marquises looked at each other, then leapt up, and the energy in their hands went straight for Chen Ping.
Boom!
Two powerful qi whistled out, the strength of a half-step Martial Marquis was extraordinary.
“Two people dare to strike even ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as his two fists flashed with golden light, the power of the divine Dragon coalescing on top of his fists.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
The moment Chen Ping struck, it was the Holy Light Fist.
Facing so many experts, Chen Ping’s mouth defied his opponent, but it did not mean that Chen Ping would really be careless.
Boom!
Two golden lights shot out from Chen Ping’s two fists, and the wind of his fists gusted as he followed those two Ning Clan experts and collided with them.
Almost immediately after the collision, the bodies of the two Ning Clan experts were instantly shaken and sent flying.
And Chen Ping’s body only swayed for a moment.
“How is that possible?”
Ning Zhi’s face was filled with a look of horror.
One had to know that these were two half-step Martial Marquises, and Chen Ping had even given them a repulse.
In that case, wouldn’t Chen Ping’s strength exceed that of a half-step Martial Marquis?
Could it be that this Chen Ping was already at the Martial Marquis realm?
Ning Zhi was in disbelief, he could not believe that Chen Ping’s strength had progressed so quickly!
After Chen Ping knocked back the two Ning Clan experts with a single punch, the golden light on his body became even brighter, and his eyes were filled with killing intent.
“Let’s go together ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping leapt up and blasted out towards Ning Zhi.
This time, those experts of the Ning Family came together to block, and no one dared to take Chen Ping lightly.
In an instant, the sky was dark and a light blasted towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not panic, relying on his Incorruptible Golden Body, Chen Ping not only blocked the attacks of these people.
Even with one against ten, Chen Ping had no fear at all.
At this moment, the more he fought, the more courageous he became, and the aura on his body continued to explode out.
A dozen half-step Martial Marquis experts joined forces, but for a while, Chen Ping was unable to do anything about it.
In the end, the dozen or so half-step Martial Marquises all sacrificed their magic weapons, wanting to use them to suppress Chen Ping.
Unfortunately, they thought wrongly, even Ning Zhi’s bronze cymbal, which possessed the power of a Martial Martial Marquis, was unable to suppress Chen Ping, so how could their magic weapons suppress Chen Ping?
Chen Ping reached out with his hand, and the Dragon Cutting Sword was held tightly in his hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword burning with a blazing flame.
Chen Ping swung out with his sword in his hand.
A fire dragon roared out.
And those Ning Family experts’ magic weapons instantly broke apart under this fire dragon.
“All go, give it to me together ……”
Ning Zhi hissed, telling so everyone to come together.
A dozen half-step Martial Marquises, plus those at the peak of Martial Sect, came together to surround Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s eyes were red and he was holding the Zenglong Sword like an undefeated god of war.
Chen Ping’s body was already covered in blood, and it was impossible to tell whether it was his own or his enemy’s.
But as brave as Chen Ping was, under the siege of so many Ning Family experts, Chen Ping was beginning to show his decadence!
Seeing that Chen Ping was already showing his defeat, the corners of Ning Zhi’s mouth curled up into a smirk.
“Chen Ping, this is you coming to your own death, you can’t blame me.”
“You’re simply too wild, daring to barge into my Ning Family alone ……”
Ning Zhi had a smug look on his face.
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi, panting heavily, but with a calm smile on his face.
“Who said, I came alone?”
Chen Ping said slowly.
Ning Zhi froze and randomly looked around, realising that there was no one else.
But just as Ning Zhi was about to speak, a sudden sound of footsteps came.
“Kill …………”
A deafening shout of killing came.
Immediately afterwards, dozens of people rushed into the Ning family’s villa and killed them!
And these people, led by Dong Liqun of the Dong family, that Dong Jiahao was also among them.
These people who rushed in were all from the Dong Family.
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
When Dong Jiahao saw Chen Ping, he immediately walked over with his sword in hand, and several experts from the Dong Family were closely protecting Dong Jiahao’s side.