“Mr Chen, since you got this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng back, put it away yourself, it’s of no use to us.”
Patriarch Jiang did not bother to pick up the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!
“Patriarch Jiang, after all, this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng is something that the disciples of your Soul Demon Sect traded their lives for, so you might as well take it back.”
Chen Ping pushed back!
“Mr Chen, you saved my life, this favour can’t be compared to a Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, you’d better put it away!”
Patriarch Jiang excused himself!
Seeing this, Chen Ping said nothing more and put away the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!
And at this moment, Zheng Jian, looking at the unharmed Chen Ping, his heart was tense to the extreme, he did not know what that Divine Doctor Liu and the others, would have said to Chen Ping!
If the matter of him snitching was told, then he would be finished, and would never have to stay in the Soul Demon Sect again!
And with his master’s character, he might not even be able to save his life!
“Mr Chen, that …… that Divine Doctor Liu and the others, didn’t tell you how they discovered your identity?”
Zheng Jian asked tentatively at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at Zheng Jian and nodded his head “Said ……”
As soon as he heard this, after seeing Chen Ping’s eyes staring at himself dead on, Zheng Jian’s forehead instantly broke out into a cold sweat!
“Mr Chen, what did they say?”
Jiang Yulian asked, she was also curious as to how Divine Doctor Liu and the others discovered Chen Ping’s identity!
Zheng Jian’s heart tightened, then his eyes began to dodge a little, and was already calculating how he would beg for forgiveness later!
“Among those few demonic cultivators, someone had seen me strike before and was more familiar with my aura, that’s how they found out.”
Chen Ping explained!
“I see!” Jiang Yulian nodded!
And once that Zheng Jian heard that, he was relieved and let out a long breath!
“Mr Chen, since it’s all right, let’s hurry up and set off, ahead is the Heavenly Demon Sect!”
r> Patriarch Jiang said!
Chen Ping nodded slightly, then patted Zheng Jian’s shoulder and said “Fellow Daoist Zheng, it’s time for us to set off, we won’t be getting a tummy upset this time, right?”
Zheng Jian slightly stunned, and then awkwardly smiled and said “No, will not ……”.
In fact, Chen Ping did not know that his identity was what Zheng Jian had divulged, but at that time, listening to the dialogue of that divine doctor Liu and others, Chen Ping also had a certain guess in his heart!
………………
Heavenly Demon Sect!
Zeng Nian An sat in his sect master’s chair with a dishevelled look!
If the Heavenly Demon Sect Technique Intensive could not be taken out yet, their Heavenly Demon Sect would really have to disband, and then the Heavenly Demon Sect, which had stood for thousands of years, would have to disappear into the long river of history!
As time passed, I don’t know how many sects and families had disappeared, but very few had fallen because the entire sect’s gongfa intensive had been sealed by someone, and as a result, it couldn’t be taken out!
Their Heavenly Demon Sect was considered to have set a precedent, and when he thought of the scene when he had offended that high person, Zeng Nian An wanted to give himself a few mouthfuls!
“Sect Master, someone just came and entered the mountain cave and hasn’t come out yet, maybe this time it will work!”
At this time, the Heavenly Demon Sect elder walked into the hall and said to Zeng Nian An!
“What?” Zeng Nian An snapped up, then asked “How long has it been in?”
“About an incense stick of time, no one has ever gone into the mountain cave and been able to hold out for such a long time!”
The elder said!
“Quickly, take me to see, maybe this is a high ranking person!”
Zeng Nian An rushed towards the outside of the hall!
For such a long time, no one had ever entered the mountain cave and could stay for such a long time, many were just walking in and were knocked out by the prohibitions inside!
Now that someone has gone in for an incense stick time and not come out, then there is hope!
But Zeng Nianan just walked to the door of the hall, a Heavenly Devil Sect disciple to report “Sect master, Soul Devil Sect’s Jiang Patriarch begs to see ……”.