This man was none other than the tile jar whose life was saved by Chen Ping in the ring!
When he saw Chen Ping, he sank to his knees towards the ground!
“Benefactor, you saved my life, please accept my obeisance ……”
The tile jar said and kowtowed down hard!
Chen Ping was stunned and hurriedly used his hand to gently prop up the tile jar!
“Brother, I’m just lifting my hand, no need to make such a big salute ……”
Chen Ping said to the tile jar!
Wajang got up, at this time there was a divine rainbow mark on Wajang’s forehead, it was evident that Wajang had just kowtowed very hard!
“Benefactor, I come from the far north, where resources are few and barren, so I don’t have anything of value on me.”
“If you don’t mind, I have a jade token here, you can take it.”
Wajang took out a jade token with a tattered piece from his pocket and then handed it to Chen Ping!
“As I said, I am just raising my hand, how can I accept something from you.”
Chen Ping shook his head and hurriedly stepped forward to push back!
But just as Chen Ping’s hand touched the jade token in the tile jar’s hand, a general icy coldness instantly struck his whole body!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, and his eyes were filled with surprise!
Even Gao Qijie’s frost could not freeze him!
But this fragmented jade token in front of him was so powerful!
The jade tile seemed to see Chen Ping’s doubts, so he said, “Benefactor, this jade tile is the key to unlocking the treasures of our Ancient Body Refining Clan.
“Later, when our Ancient Body Refining Clan had a change of heart, many people were killed, and some others abolished their techniques and re-trained their Aura techniques, so the location of the treasure became a mystery.”
“No one has yet discovered the location of the treasure, and after so many years of passing it down from generation to generation, that treasure has now become a legend, and this jade key has also been torn.”
“But despite the damage, this is the most valuable gift of our Ancient Body Refining Clan.”
“How could you hand over such an important thing to me?” Chen Ping was astonished!
Although he had stepped in to save the life of the tile jar, he could not just give such an important thing to himself as soon as he stepped in… If they found that treasure themselves, after opening it, wouldn’t all those exotic treasures be their own?
“Benefactor, you don’t know, our Ancient Body Refining Clan is now facing extinction, perhaps there will be no Ancient Body Refining Clan left before we can find the treasure.”
“We talk about using Qi to carry power and produce Yuan Qi in our bodies, our kind of cultivation technique is the most difficult, and because of this, the number of people who still maintain their cultivation with the Ancient Body Refining Technique is getting smaller and smaller.”
“This jade medal in my hands is of no use at all, and it will also bring me danger, that Gao family’s people keep forcing us ancient body refiners to be loyal to them, just to get this jade medal too!”
“I am now handing you the jade token, if your benefactor is lucky enough, he might be able to find the treasure of our Ancient Body Refining Clan, which definitely contains the techniques of our Ancient Body Refining Clan.”
“As long as your benefactor can keep these gong methods then, perhaps one day, the Ancient Body Refiners will reappear in this world. ”
The tile jar’s eyes were a little moist, and he spoke with some sadness!
After all, the fact that their Ancient Body Refining Clan was about to die out and completely disappear in the long history was indeed cruel to them, the Ancient Body Refiners!
“Brother, you don’t need to be so pessimistic, the Ancient Body Refining Clan, it won’t disappear, don’t worry about it!”
Chen Ping was tempted to tell Wajang that in the secular world, martial dao was still prevalent and there were quite a few strong martial artists!
But as to whether these martial powerhouses would end up becoming Ancient Body Refiners and choosing body refining techniques to continue their cultivation, Chen Ping couldn’t say!