“I do have some interest, Pavilion Master Qian lead the way!”
Chen Ping was eager to go and see how many people had bet on himself to win!
“Mr Chen, if you see the bets, don’t be angry!”
Pavilion Master Qian smiled faintly, and then led Chen Ping and Ji Yun to the gambling house where Wan Tong Pavilion personally sat!
Chen Ping also knew that there would definitely be a lot of people betting on Mu Qing’s victory, after all, the realm gap between himself following Mu Qing was too great!
Just as Chen Ping arrived at the gambling house, they had just walked up to the door when they heard noisy voices inside!
“I’m putting my clothes on the line right now, I’m betting on that Chen Ping to win, if any of you believe me, then bet with me!”
Someone .Yelled loudly, even betting all their clothes!
“Mr Chen, surprisingly there are still people who support you so much ah?”
Ji Yun couldn’t help but look at Chen Ping curiously when he heard the words inside!
He could not understand who would support Chen Ping so much in this South End City?
Even that Pavilion Master Qian was slightly stunned, not expecting that there would be someone else who would support Chen Ping so firmly!
On the other hand, Chen Ping smiled faintly, he had long since heard out that the voice was that Divine Mechanism Zi!
“Shen Ji Zi, you’re in these shabby clothes, how much are they worth, and you’re betting all your clothes.”
“That’s right, it’s not enough to bet all the money, but also the clothes, that Chen Ping is your father, you support him so much.”
“Shen Ji Zi, young master Mu Qing is now a first grade of the Mahayana realm, and I heard that he has already reached the peak, he might break through to the second grade of the Mahayana realm soon, how can that Chen Ping be an opponent.”
“You guy, you’re just a scammer, and you’re still here trying to get others to bet with you, who’s that stupid!”
The crowd mocked at Shen Ji Zi!
Shen Ji Zi was also considered a celebrity in South End City, there were many people who knew him, knowing that this guy was a cheat, no one would believe him, much less place a bet with him!
“Don’t be complacent guys, I can tell you that people can’t look at each other, and seawater can’t be measured, that Chen Ping will definitely be able to win.”
“He and I are friends for life, I know his strength the best, believe it or not!”
Shen Ji Zi, wearing only a large pantsuit, said with disinterest!
You have to know, this is South End City, a place of extreme cold, and now Shen Ji Zi is only wearing a big pant!
Although the cultivator can use the aura to resist the cold, but for a short time can, if a long time to consume the aura to resist the cold, are a little reluctant to give up!
That’s why many cultivators wore animal skins on their bodies, even if they didn’t use their aura, their bodies still didn’t feel the cold!
Moreover, beast skins were also considered a cultivation resource, which was why Shen Ji Zi had to bet on his own clothes as well!
The skins of demonic beasts were also worth money!
“I’ll come and bet with you ……”
Chen Ping walked into the gambling house at this time and said loudly!
Shen Ji Zi followed the voice and when he spotted Chen Ping, his eyes immediately shone and he was about to shout out in joy, but he was stopped by a look from Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not want to let everyone know about him in the Qi of Competition, then he was afraid that there would be a lot of trouble!
Now although many people in South End City had heard of Chen Ping’s name, not many had actually seen him!
Seeing that Chen Ping was winking at himself, Shen Ji Zi instantly understood and said, “Young man, you have a vision, place a bet with me and I’ll guarantee you glory and wealth!”
Only to see Chen Ping pull out a bag of Purple Gold Spirit Coins from his body and throw them all onto the betting table!
“I also buy that Chen Ping can win ……”
Chen Ping slowly said!
The crowd all stared at the bag of Purple Gold Spirit Coins with wide eyes, filled with astonishment!
The money pavilion master saw this scene, just a slight smile, also did not break down Chen Ping’s identity, no matter how much Chen Ping bet, the money pavilion master will not stop, after all, their Wan Tong Pavilion is the banker, no matter who loses and who wins on both sides, they are the banker is the draw, a steady profit!