But what Hou Zhen was introducing later on, Chen Ping didn’t even listen to it, his eyes were fixed on Han Fusheng, at this moment his mother should be in this Purple Sky Mansion!
Soon, something suddenly came to Chen Ping’s mind and he hurriedly asked Hou Zhen, “Monkey, how many Han’s are there in the Thunder Gate Secret Realm? That Han Qing’er just now wouldn’t have anything to do with following this Han Fusheng, right?”
Hou Zhen shook his head, “I’m not sure about that, but Han Fusheng does have a daughter, so maybe Han Qing’er is Han Fusheng’s daughter, after all, there aren’t many people surnamed Han in the Thunder Gate Secret Realm.”
Chen Ping frowned, he had never thought that Han Qing’er was actually from the Purple Sky Mansion, if that was the case, then Han Qing’er would be his enemy!
Just then, Chen Ping’s eyes suddenly lit up, he seemed to think of a way to save his mother, if he relied on his current strength, trying to break into the Purple Sky Mansion and save his mother would be harder than climbing to heaven!
But since Han Qing’er was from the Purple Sky Mansion, and was also Han Fusheng’s daughter, then he could use his relationship with Han Qing’er to enter the Purple Sky Mansion and find a way to save his mother!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping hurriedly turned his head to look at the crowd, trying to find Han Qing’er’s figure!
If he could become friends with Han Qing’er, it would be more beneficial for Chen Ping to save his mother!
Soon, Chen Ping spotted Han Qing’er’s figure, and at that moment, Han Qing’er’s eyes were also staring at Chen Ping closely!
When the two met at eye level, Han Qing’er’s face flushed and her eyes dodged!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping instantly understood what Han Qing’er had in mind!
Chen Ping walked towards Han Qing’er, and when Hou Zhen and Ge Yuhan saw this, they also hurriedly followed him!
And when Han Qing’er saw that Chen Ping was actually walking towards her, she had a bit of excitement and thrill in her heart!
“Miss Han, are you here this time, to participate in the tournament as well?”
Chen Ping took the initiative to follow Han Qing’er and asked.
“Of course!” Han Qing’er nodded, then glanced over Chen Ping and said, “Do you still have that jade I gave you?”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, then hurriedly said, “Yes, of course it’s there ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly took out the jade stone that Han Qing’er had given him at first from his storage ring!
At that time, Chen Ping didn’t feel that there was anything strange about this jade stone, so he threw it into the storage ring!
“Did you feel that the stone I gave you was ordinary, so you didn’t wear it and just threw it into the storage ring?”
Han Qing’er asked when she saw this.
“Oh, no, I was just afraid of losing it, so I didn’t bother to wear it!”
Chen Ping explained!
“This jade stone looks ordinary, but it’s a life-preserving talisman stone, you’ll be able to turn good fortune around with him.”
“Put it on quickly, you might be able to use it in today’s competition!”
Han Qing’er said to Chen Ping!
“Okay!” Chen Ping hurriedly put the jade stone on his body!
At that moment, when Lv Factory saw this, he frowned and said, “Qing’er, this is a life-preserving talisman stone that Uncle Han made for you, it has been worn by you since you were a child, how could you give it to him?”
Factory Lu did not know that Han Qing’er had had her life saved by Chen Ping, and even less did she know that Han Qing’er had been nostalgic about Chen Ping since that day!
“It’s my stuff, it’s none of your business!”
Han Qing’er said as she gave Lv Qing’er a blank look!
This time, Lv Factory was made to lose face, while Chen Ping, seeing this, followed Lv Factory and said, “Sir Lv, this jade stone was given to me by Miss Han when I saved her.”
“You saved Qing’er’s life?” Factory Lu froze, somewhat incredulous!
Chen Ping nodded and told him about the incident regarding Han Qing’er, and only then did Lv Factory remember that Han Qing’er had indeed sneaked out of the secret realm and was attacked, but he had not thought that it was Chen Ping who had saved Han Qing’er!