Chen Ping looked around, he could tell at a glance that this was an illusion formation!
“What a powerful illusion formation, it can be as real as this ……”
Chen Ping sighed as he looked around!
And at this moment, a burst of miserable screams came from not far away!
Chen Ping hurriedly followed the sound and rushed over, and found a group of demonic beasts that were attacking several cultivators!
These cultivators were none other than Zou Qi and the others, right now they only had a few people left, there was no way they could face so many demonic beasts!
Seeing this scene, although Chen Ping did not recognise Zou Qi and the others, he knew that these people must be from the Heavenly Underworld Gang!
Chen Ping looked around and found that there were only a few people from Zou Qi and did not see Qi Peijia, after a moment of contemplation, Chen Ping smiled slightly at the corner of his mouth!
Only to see Chen Ping catalysing the Breath Mimicry Technique, his entire person was rapidly changing, and not too long after, he became the appearance of Qi Peijia!
Chen Ping took a look at his current appearance and tried to smile with satisfaction!
Although Chen Ping had not practised it to the fullest and was not too good at controlling his breath, he was able to look exactly the same!
After Chen Ping turned into Qi Pei Jia, he directly rushed up, and then with a clap of his hand, a ripple shook in the void, and all those ferocious demonic beasts, surprisingly, all of them, like a reflection, slowly dissipated!
Zou Qi several people were pale at this moment, looking at those demonic beasts that had disappeared, still breathing heavily!
“Gang master, where did you go just now? Luckily you appeared even though, otherwise we would have been in danger.”
Zou Qi saw Qi Peijia and settled down quite a bit inside!
Several other members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang also hurriedly followed Chen Ping to thank him!
If not for Chen Ping’s timely appearance, they were afraid that they would all die here!
Chen Ping saw that these few people had not recognised him, so he secretly breathed a sigh of relief in his heart!
However, just now, that Zou Qi shouted Gang Leader, which made Chen Ping understand that this Qi Peijia had actually become the Gang Leader of the Heavenly Underworld Gang!
“I just checked around and wanted to see how to get out of here.”
Chen Ping said perfunctorily!
“Gang Master, what means did you use just now? Those demonic beasts actually disappeared? It was as if those demonic beasts were all illusions.”
Zou Qi frowned slightly and asked in great confusion!
“Those demonic beasts are illusions, right now we are all in an illusionary formation ……”
Chen Ping said!
Zou Qi froze “Gang master, just now you did not say that it is not an illusion, those demonic beasts are real?”
“And it is also true that those demonic beasts can cause damage, haven’t you seen it with your Heavenly Underworld Eyes!”
When Chen Ping heard this, his heart thumped and he hurriedly explained “Just now, when I used my Heavenly Underworld Eye to look at these demonic beasts, it is true that they were all real, and they were all able to inflict substantial damage, but that was just the Illusionary Formation Advanced, and it tricked my Heavenly Underworld Eye into doing so.”
“I re-checked with my Heavenly Underworld Eyes again, and I’ve already discovered the eye of this illusion formation, so as long as we destroy the eye, we’ll be able to leave this place.”
“There is actually such a real illusion formation under the heavens, it is worthy of being laid by an immortal.” Zou Qi was very shocked after hearing this “Gang master, I don’t know where that formation eye is, let’s quickly go and break it, this place is too scary ……”
Chen Ping nodded and led Zou Qi and the others to start looking for the formation eye!
Although this illusion formation was very advanced, it was nothing in Chen Ping’s eyes, and it was soon found by Chen Ping where the formation eye was!
“Gang master, since we have found the eye of the formation, the matter of breaking the formation, leave it to us ……”
Zou Qi hurriedly said in an attentive manner!
He couldn’t show that he was too incompetent, in that case, he was afraid that Qi Peijia wouldn’t take him for a ride!
Chen Ping nodded and watched from the sidelines, while Zou Qi brought a few members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang forward and began to use the formation eye to break the formation!
Zou Qi also did have two tricks up his sleeve, after just a few minutes, the entire sky suddenly became dark!
When the sky lit up again, Chen Ping realised that they were actually already at the top of the mountain, and the ancient and solemn hall in front of them reappeared!