Now that Ge Yuhan had recovered, of course she was shy when she was naked.
Only when she put on Chen Ping’s clothes did Ge Yuhan’s emotions stabilize a bit.
“Yu Han, do you really not remember me at all?”
Chen Ping asked to Ge Yuhan.
Ge Yuhan looked at Chen Ping and then put her eyes on the dead bones, and a tear appeared in her eyes!
At this moment, Chen Ping was confused, not understanding what was going on with Ge Yuhan!
Chen Ping looked at Ge Yuhan, and then a divine sense instantly enveloped Ge Yuhan’s body!
Chen Ping’s face changed, “Say, who the hell are you?”
Ge Yuhan’s mood seemed to calm down, then he looked at Chen Ping and said, “I am not your friend, I just borrowed your friend’s body, I never thought that after thousands of years, someone would come here.”
“This might be the will of heaven, the one who came here is surprisingly someone who lacks a soul and a body, otherwise I wouldn’t have been able to come alive ……”
“Heaven’s will, this is heaven’s will ……”
Ge Yuhan was chattering away, not knowing what she was saying!
While Chen Ping was frowning, he didn’t expect that Ge Yuhan was not recovered, but had been returned to his soul by someone, in that case, how could he explain after Ge Cang Sheng?
“I don’t care what kind of soul you are, leave from within my friend’s body right now, or else don’t blame me for being unkind to you?”
Chen Ping threatened the soul spirit inside Ge Yuhan’s body.
“Hahahaha, how are you going to be unkind to me? Is it to kill me? Don’t forget that this is your friend’s body, if you kill me, it will only be your friend who dies ……”
Ge Yuhan said with a chuckle.
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, but still said, “I’m telling you, I have to have a way to force you out, and by then this trace of your soul will have gone up in smoke.”
“I advise you to come out yourself and find someone else then!”
“I don’t believe you have that kind of ability!” Ge Yuhan gave a laugh.
“Since you don’t believe me, let’s try ……”
Chen Ping said, the golden light on his body flashed and instantly surrounded Ge Yuhan, followed by his palm placed on the top of Ge Yuhan’s head, the Heart Condensing Skill was flying far away!
Soon, Ge Yuhan’s expression became hideous. There was also a look of panic in his eyes!
“No, don’t, please let me go, just take me away from the power and I will definitely not pester your friend.”
“Your friend’s soul is not intact, I am only borrowing her body for a while, there is absolutely no evil intent!”
“Please, please …………”
Ge Yuhan cried and began to beg loudly for mercy!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s heart softened and withdrew his hand, then asked, “Then tell me, what exactly are you? Why are you here?”
With a face full of tears, Ge Yuhan began to talk about herself after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping listened slowly and eventually became surprisingly furious!
It turned out that this soul spirit was a Saintess of the Guang Han Palace.
Thousands of years ago, when the Guang Han Palace was besieged by the devils, the Saint Daughter of the Guang Han Palace fled with the Guang Han Palace’s sacred object, the Fire-Preventing Pearl!
In the end, she was overtaken by the demons and had no choice but to swallow the Pearl.
In the end, the demons put the Virgin in a coffin and sealed her in the crater of this volcano!
Luckily, with the Pearl of Fire, for thousands of years, although the Virgin’s body had decayed, a trace of her soul remained.
But as time went by, this trace of soul was getting weaker and weaker!
If Ge Yuhan was a person with a sound soul, it would be impossible for the soul of this Saintess of Guang Han Palace to enter Ge Yuhan’s body!
“It seems that this is really the will of the heavens ……”
Chen Ping could not help but sigh.
This was because it was too much of a coincidence that people with incomplete souls like Ge Yuhan’s were rarely and rarely found.
“Seeing that you are also a person with a bitter fate, then you will temporarily reside in my friend’s body, but when I help my friend find his soul, you will have to leave.”
“But I will find a way to help you find a body.”
Chen Ping said to Ge Yuhan.