“Are you afraid I’ll go so crazy that I won’t even recognise you?”
Chen Ping said jokingly.
Seeing that there was no problem with Chen Ping’s mind, Gu Ling’er was relieved, so she gave Chen Ping a white glance and said, “I’m not afraid that you’ll go crazy ……”
“Valley Master, what about these few people?”
Xu Changsheng asked Chen Ping after he had soaked Kawashima Hiroshi and the others in the altar as well.
Chen Ping looked at the dying few and smiled coldly, “I’m going to post them like this on the martial arts forum, I want everyone to see what happens to these killers sent from the island ……”
Xu Changsheng opened his mouth, probably wanting to discourage, but in the end he did not say anything.
“Chen Ping, you must not fall prey to the demons of your mind ……”
Just then, Long Wu rushed in and said.
“Uncle Long, don’t worry, I have a handle on it ……”
Chen Ping nodded and said.
Long Wu didn’t say anything else, but seeing Chen Ping in this state, he was even more afraid to show that video to Chen Ping.
If Chen Ping saw that video, the whole person would definitely go crazy and would definitely seek out the Dragon Family ……
Soon, a great debate raged within the martial arts forum!
Some people agreed with Chen Ping’s approach, while others opposed it.
Two factions formed in the Martial Dao Forum over time, arguing fiercely.
“This boy Chen Ping is a bully, he really has guts, this is the way to treat the island samurai, let these beasts have a taste of it too ……”
“Well done, these island guys, they deserve this ……”
“This Chen Ping is too cruel, whatever the reason, he wouldn’t dare to do such a thing, it’s too inhumane.”
“Upstairs, what kind of saintly mother are you pretending to be? Hasn’t your family’s ancestor been slaughtered by the islanders?”
The argument on the forum was so heated that it almost formed into a real-life fight, but luckily the forum was finally closed and this slowly subsided.
Kyoto, inside the Martial Arts League!
Zhu Zhishan looked at the forum, the photo posted by Chen Ping, his face was gloomy and uncertain, not knowing what he was thinking.
“Alliance Master, the second son must not be kept, this guy’s strength is impenetrable, and his strikes are ruthless, beware of raising a tiger as a danger ……”
Guo Wei said to Zhu Zhishan with a frightened look on his face.
Guo Wei knew that Chen Ping had always been hostile to him, after all Su Yuqi was captured by him to the Martial Arts Union.
If Chen Ping was allowed to find out like this, then he might be the next one to be killed.
“Go find a way to get rid of him, these island samurai, what a bunch of f*cking waste ……”
Zhu Zhi Shan said with a cold face.
“Okay, I’ll move here ……”
Guo Wei nodded and turned to leave.
At the same time, in the hall of the Long Family, Long Jingguo and Venerable Ding Huan had also seen the contents of the forum.
The news that Chen Ping was in Pill God Valley was brought back by Venerable Ding Huan and told to Long Jingguo, who in turn directly informed the Martial Arts Alliance.
Otherwise a few island warriors would not have been able to find their way to the Pill God Valley.
“This kid called Chen Ping, his talent is really good, at a young age, he was able to kill five island warriors, I don’t know who he studied under, just a bit cruel in his methods ……”
Venerable Ding Huan had a few moments of appreciation for Chen Ping, after all, a martial artist as young as Chen Ping, with his current strength, was too uncomplicated.
And at this time, Long Jingguo, without saying a word, stared deadly at several island warriors who were made into human sticks and soaked inside the altar.
Chen Ping’s cruelty had surprisingly made Long Jingguo feel a bit frightened, and at the same time gave him a sense of crisis.
All he could think of now was to let Chen Ping die; the speed at which Chen Ping’s strength was developing had somewhat exceeded his expectation.
“Venerable Ding Huan, I’m counting on you for Xiao’er’s injuries, this time when Xiao’er has recovered and stepped into the Martial Marquis realm, before letting him come down from the mountain and go home ……”
The first thing that I want to do is to bring Long Xiao back to the mountain to treat his injuries, and to let Long Xiao step into the Martial Marquis realm before going down the mountain!
I don’t know why, Long Jingguo always worried in his heart, worried that Long Xiao is not strong enough and will be killed by Chen Ping ……