If it was just a Martial Saint using a Martial Saint weapon, that little power would not be brought into play.
As the hunchbacked old man felt the enormous Martial Saint’s power, his body visibly lurched and his speed slowed down a lot!
But in the end, the hunchbacked old man gritted his teeth and still grabbed towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping waved the vajra pestle in his hand, and a Martial Saint’s power went straight towards the hunchbacked old man!
Boom …………
The hunchbacked old man’s body directly followed the Martial Saint’s force and collided fiercely with it, before flying backwards.
Seeing that the hunchbacked old man was unable to withstand the attack of the Martial Saint’s power, Chen Ping was overjoyed as the power of the divine Dragon was once again injected into the vajra.
The pestle glowed with a faint light, and the aura of Martial Saint’s Power continued to spread!
The hunchbacked old man’s face turned a little ugly as he slowly got up and looked at Chen Ping, but he wasn’t making a move!
“D*mn it, you old thing, keep doing it?”
When Chen Ping saw that the hunchbacked old man was afraid, he sneered.
The hunchbacked old man’s face looked very ugly as he allowed Chen Ping to humiliate him, but he did not make a move!
And unbeknownst to Chen Ping, the vajra pestle in his hand, under the augmentation of his divine dragon’s power, had begun to crack!
Originally, this vajra pestle wouldn’t last much longer, and then Nie Cheng unleashed it and followed the Blood Demon into a fight.
Now that Chen Ping was using this vajra again, it was clear that this had reached the limit of the vajra.
It could shatter at any moment!
“Roar …………”
Just as Chen Ping was following the hunchbacked old man in a confrontation, a sudden roar caused the two men to turn their gazes all the way over.
Only to see that the three-headed vicious dog, at the moment, still had two heads left, and the Blood Demon was wielding an iron fist, viciously smashing it towards the vicious dog’s head.
With this punch, the entire space began to tremble, only to see that vicious dog’s head smashed away!
Both of the vicious dog’s suddenly extra heads were smashed by the Blood Devil at this point!
Seeing this, the hunchbacked old man’s face instantly became unsightly, too late to feel any sorrow, he mouthed the words, only to see a spatial fluctuation start to appear around the hunchbacked old man!
Chen Ping knew that this fellow was looking at things badly and was going to use spatial techniques to escape!
“If you want to leave, it’s not that easy ……”
Chen Ping urged the vajra mortar and pestle and smashed it directly towards the hunchbacked old man.
But as soon as Chen Ping exerted his force, the vajra in his hand instantly broke apart and turned into pieces!
In that moment of delay, the hunchbacked old man’s body slowly disappeared!
“Chen Ping, when your puppet corpse’s time is up, I will come back to take your dog’s life ……”
The hunchbacked old man’s voice echoed in Chen Ping’s ears!
Chen Ping snorted coldly, “I should be the one taking your dog’s life ……”
But the hunchbacked old man had already left, and could not be heard at all.
Chen Ping then looked at the vicious dog, which had now been smashed into mush by the Blood Demon with a single punch!
“Stop it …………”
Chen Ping hurriedly stopped the Blood Devil, if this smashing continued, he was afraid that even that beast dan would be destroyed!
When the Blood Demon stopped, Chen Ping hurriedly went forward and retrieved the beast dan from the pile of mush.
Feeling the hint of coldness in the beast dan, Chen Ping did not expect that this vicious dog had indeed grown up nourished by Yin Qi.
Fortunately, Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Skill, refining Yin Qi was the same, otherwise this beast dan would have gone to waste.
Putting away the beast elixir, Chen Ping sent someone to the martial arts arena to inform the crowd that the public beheading of Nie Cheng was cancelled, and that Nie Cheng had been killed.
Nie Cheng’s head was gone, so Chen Ping couldn’t kill Nie Cheng again in public!
After the crowd got the news, there was a lot of discussion, and this incident did affect Chen Ping’s place in the hearts of the crowd a little, but Chen Ping didn’t care, his main thing now was to save Su Yuqi.
Chen Ping took the Blood Demon and Fan Jiang with him and went to Penglai Island to find Hu Ma Zi before heading to the Heavenly Rune Sect!
In order to save Su Yuqi, Chen Ping could only run around like this!