“Ah, only a hundred? Uncle Qian is getting stingy now!”
The youngest sister had a very lost expression, then looked at Chen Ping and asked, “Can you lend me is a Purple Gold Spirit Coin? I’m going to go see my brother and send some money to that guard in the meantime so that my brother can suffer less.”
“How much to borrow?”Chen Ping asked!
The youngest sister hesitated for a moment and gritted her teeth, “Five will do ……”
“I’ll give you ten!”
Chen Ping directly threw the youngest sister ten Violet Gold Spirit Coins!
Getting the Purple Gold Spirit Coins, the youngest sister was very happy and led Chen Ping straight to the location of the large prison!
Beast city dungeon in the southwest direction of the entire beast city, because it can not fly, Chen Ping and the youngest sister walked for more than an hour before arriving at the location of the dungeon!
Chen Ping looked and found that the prison is not surrounded by any buildings, and the entire prison is shrouded by a white mist, it is impossible to see the situation inside the prison!
The youngest sister clear and familiarly led Chen Ping through the white mist and found the entrance to the dungeon!
“Stop!”
At this time, a cultivator wearing silver armour, eight feet tall and holding a long sword walked out from the white mist!
This guard had a cross-faced, broad-shouldered body that towered over him like a mountain, and the aura of the Mahayana Realm loomed over his body!
Seeing the guard in front of him, Chen Ping was slightly shocked, are all these Mahayana realm cultivators watching the prison?
Wasn’t it a bit too much?
“Captain Zhou, it’s me!”
At this time, Missy shouted at the guard in front of her!
The cultivator looked down at the youngest sister and grinned, “So it’s the youngest sister ah, come to see your brother again?”
“En, I came to see him.”
The youngest sister finished, directly took out ten purple gold spirit coins into the hands of the Zhou captain!
Captain Zhou glanced at it, but returned the Purple Gold Spirit Coins!
The youngest sister froze, slightly difficult to say: “Zhou captain, I …… I only have so much, you accommodate!”
Captain Zhou heard, immediately face cold down said: “Recently check the strict, no money do not come!”
After saying that, that captain Zhou turned around and was about to leave!
“Captain Zhou, I still have five here, all for you, I really only have these!”
The youngest sister could only take out the last five Violet Gold Spirit Coins on her body!
Receiving the fifteen Purple Gold Spirit Coins, Captain Zhou glanced at them before saying, “Come in with me!”
Captain Zhou led Chen Ping and Missy inside!
It was only after passing through a long tunnel that the two actually walked into the courtyard of the large prison!
Just after walking into the courtyard, Chen Ping noticed that in the middle of that large prison, there was a sky-high ancient tree with a gust of breath surging within it!
Because he could not probe with his divine sense, Chen Ping was only able to judge with his naked eyes, this heavenly ancient tree was estimated to be tens of thousands of years old!
“Place, you know it, go yourself, you know the rules!”
That Captain Zhou said to Missy!
“Understand, I understand everything, Captain Zhou don’t worry, within one incense stick time, I will definitely come out, and will never run around and look around!”
The youngest sister nodded and said!
“En!”Captain Zhou left after giving an en!
Missy led Chen Ping into an entrance, and then kept going downwards!
The dimly lit tunnel was very humid, and there were intricate tree roots on the walls!
Chen Ping was puzzled as to why this dungeon was built here in the ancient tree, and also surrounded the ancient tree in the middle!
After walking for some distance, cells appeared, which all had formations to prevent the prisoners from escaping!
“Brother ……”
In front of a cell, Missy looked at a man inside and shouted!
The man heard the shout and was very emotional, ruffling the long hair that was blocking his face, and burst into tears!
“Sister, you have finally come, are you going to take me out? Let me out, I’m going to die if I stay.”
The youngest sister’s brother cried in pain!
Chen Ping saw that this youngest sister’s brother was as thin as a bone, his face was waxy, his spirit was depressed, and he looked as if he had been drained of the spiritual energy in his body!