To what extent his own flesh was strong, he himself knew, how many divine weapons could not cause the slightest damage to his flesh!
But now Chen Ping gently stabbed it, how did it break?
What the hell is this sword?
Chen Ping also did not expect, this stout Cang Yue, just by his own gently stabbed, not fatal at all, how come he cried?
“Sorry, don’t cry, don’t cry, you stab me a few times too!”
Chen Ping hurriedly apologised to that Cang Yue!
Upon hearing this, Cang Yue violently pulled out a sharp blade on his body and stabbed it towards Chen Ping!
This time, it scared the crowd!
Especially Xuan Bin, he did not expect this Cang Yue to be so naive, Chen Ping asked him to stab, he actually stabbed!
Clang clang clang …………
Cang Yue stabbed three times in a row, extremely fast!
But along with the three crisp sounds, Chen Ping’s body did not have the slightest injury, instead, Cang Yue’s sharp blade gave out!
Seeing this scene, the crowd became even more shocked!
Cang Yue looked at his broken blade and cried even louder!
He wasn’t heartbroken about his blade, he had been dealt an unbearable blow!
Originally, he was pretending with his strong physical body, but now he was directly slapped in the face!
“Alright, alright, hurt your body, break your blade, I’ll give you 5,000 more Immortal Spirit Stones in a moment!”
Chen Ping hurriedly comforted Cang Yue!
Upon hearing this, Cang Yue immediately broke into a smile and said, “Really?”
“Of course it’s true, I, Chen Ping, have always been true to my word.”
“Ten thousand Immortal Spirit Stones for each of you, as long as you work hard and go through fire, I will definitely not treat you poorly.”
Chen Ping patted his chest and said!
“No problem, bring it ……”
Cang Yue said with an outstretched hand!
Hua Yueying, as well as the three black-robed men, all looked straight at Chen Ping as well, waiting for Chen Ping to take the money!
Where did Chen Ping still have Immortal Spirit Stones on him at this time, they were all given to Lin Kefan!
However, looking at the gazes of several people, Chen Ping looked at Lin Kefan and said, “Fourth uncle, take out the immortal spirit stones, I’ll give them a share ……”
However, looking at the gazes of several people, Chen Ping looked at Lin Kefan and said, “Fourth uncle, take out the immortal spirit stones, I’ll give them a share ……”
“No, you’re giving it to me ……”
Lin Kefan hurriedly covered his storage bag!
“Don’t be so stingy, wait for me to let someone send it, in return to you is, one hundred thousand eighty thousand immortal spirit stones, you still as treasure!”
Chen Ping grabbed the storage bag and started distributing Immortal Spirit Stones to several people!
Lin Kefan still wanted to snatch it over, but once he thought that Chen Ping was so bullish, and there was also an Immortal Spirit Stone vein, in the future, if he followed Chen Ping, he would surely not be able to treat himself badly!
Not to mention that the two had an additional layer of relationship, Chen Ping couldn’t possibly pit himself even if he pitted anyone!
“Split it, split it, split it for all of them, anyway, we are family now, what’s mine is yours, what’s yours is mine!”
Lin Kefan said generously!
Chen Ping: “F*ck, stop it, I’m in a family with your sister, what’s mine can be your sister’s, but it can never be yours.”
“Almost less, same, same ……”
Lin Kefan smiled and patted Chen Ping’s shoulder!
A few people saw the relationship between Chen Ping and Lin Kefan, their hearts were even more certain that they would follow Chen Ping!
Chen Ping would be the aunt of Sun Moon City in the future, and Sun Moon City was one of the top existences in the entire Celestial Realm!
“Mr Chen, can we accompany you to Sun Moon City? It would also be good to be on Mr Chen’s left and right, protecting at all times!”
Xuan Bin asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was now their God of Wealth, these people were counting on Chen Ping if they wanted to break through to the Immortalisation Realm, so they couldn’t let anything go wrong with Chen Ping!
“No, my Sun Moon City does not allow idle people to enter ……”
Without waiting for Chen Ping to open his mouth, Lin Kefan disagreed!
His father would definitely be angry if so many strangers went to Sun Moon City!
“Who said they are idle people? Now that they are all my people, why can’t they go to Sun Moon City?”
“If they can’t go, then I won’t go either ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and turned his head to leave!
Seeing this, Lin Kefan hurriedly stopped Chen Ping and said, “Fine, all go ……”
Chen Ping then smiled faintly, and all of them all headed straight to Sun Moon City!