Chen Ping, who saw this scene, frowned tightly!
While the others were filled with surprise, this Feng Wu Heng was severed and was still able to heal, this was clearly an evil technique!
“It seems that to deal with you, an evil cultivator, I will have to reveal my true strength ……”
Chen Ping said, his body slowly rising up, followed by slightly closing his eyes!
At this moment, above the ring, Feng Wuhen’s body was changing rapidly, the crowd could see the skin on Feng Wuhen’s body shedding, his body swelling up, and his entire face starting to become distorted, to finally becoming like a monster!
From Feng Wuchun’s body, a terrifying and dangerous aura was rising up!
This aura was getting stronger and stronger, so strong that many people around started to back away, and there were even girls who were almost scared to tears by Feng Wuhren’s appearance!
“This Feng Wuxian is completely demonized, we should join forces to eradicate him ……”
Seeing this, Ge Cang Sheng was afraid that Chen Ping was no match for that Feng Wu Heng, so he proposed!
“Right, this Feng Wu Heng is now an outright demon, we must not tolerate it.”
Jiang Wu Ya followed suit and echoed!
But there were only two people screaming to kill Feng Wu Heng, and none of the others from the eight secret realms actually spoke up, the expressions on everyone’s faces were very odd and complicated!
Ge Cang Sheng looked at the crowd and said with a face full of suspicion, “Why aren’t you all speaking? As orthodox cultivators, we are supposed to be at odds with these demons and monsters, have you forgotten your ancestral teachings and mission?”
But even though Ge Cansheng said this, no one said anything, so Ge Cansheng looked at Yu Qian and asked, “Master Yu, do you say that this Feng Wuhen needs to be exterminated?”
“No matter what that Feng Wuhen is, he is still in the ring now, that is a matter between him and that Chen Ping, no one can interfere.”
“Let’s wait for the winner to be determined and talk about it after we get out of the ring ……”
Yu Qian said with an expressionless face!
Hearing Yu Qian’s words, Ge Cansheng fell silent, he didn’t expect Yu Qian to think this way!
But since Yu Qian had already said it, it was useless for Ge Cansheng to be anxious, he could only hope that Chen Ping could defeat Feng Wu Heng in the ring!
“Roar” …………
Above the ring, Feng Wu Heng let out a dull, low roar, like a fierce beast!
Immediately afterwards, his body stood up violently, and a terrifying aura instantly exploded and drifted out in all directions!
At this moment, Feng Wuxian’s height had reached a terrifying several metres, and the people around him were like little dwarfs under his feet!
With scarlet eyes, dishevelled hair and a black mist surrounding his body, Feng Wuxian was like a devil who had just escaped from hell!
“This devilish power is really powerful ……”
Feng Wuzhen clenched his fists, feeling the power of his body, and was inwardly shocked!
At this moment, he had long since cared about his appearance, he only cared about strength, he only cared about whether he could kill this Chen Ping!
Feng Wuxing took a step forward, and the whole ring trembled, even the whole square was like an earthquake!
Looking up at Chen Ping in mid-air, Feng Wu Heng laughed: “Hahahaha, I’ve succeeded, I’ve succeeded, I’d like to see who dares to fight me again ……”
Along with Feng Wu Heng’s wild laughter, his breath began to explode in all directions, space trembled, and a wildly chaotic breath gushed out in all directions!
Many people around were blown away by this terrifying aura!
Seeing this, Yu Qian on top of the platform waved his palms together and a boundary, visible to the naked eye, instantly enveloped the ring, blocking the terrifying breath!
With this boundary, the crowd dared to approach the ring, and looking at Feng Wuxing’s frightening appearance, Ge Yuhan, Han Qing’er and Hou Zhen all tensed up!
They didn’t know if Chen Ping was a match for Feng Wu Heng or not!
“No need to be nervous, that Chen Ping will die quickly and without pain, this Feng Wu Heng has completely demonized, that Chen Ping is definitely no match!”
Lv Factory was beside Han Qing’er, saying cool words!