“Chen Ping, I …… we are from the Dragon Family, you know the Dragon Family, now if you kill all of us, the Dragon Family will definitely not spare you ……”
The three guardians looked at Chen Ping with that look in their eyes, they were truly afraid.
“The Dragon Family!” Chen Ping sneered, “Not only will I kill you all, I will also destroy the entire Dragon Family ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping chopped out his sword, the vast sword Qi directly chopped the Third Protector into mush, not even a piece of intact flesh and blood could be seen.
The Grand Protector looked back at the scene, and although he was inwardly grieved, he had also long since broken his guts in fear, and being supported by the Fourth Protector, desperately began to flee.
Chen Ping’s figure flickered and he was in front of the Grand Protector and the others in an instant, blocking the path of the two men.
“Chen Ping, we are not here to kill you, the family head only asked us to bring you to the Dragon Family, not to kill you, don’t misunderstand ……”
The Grand Protector looked at Chen Ping, who was bathed in blood in front of him, and hurriedly explained.
“I know you are not here to kill me ……” Chen Ping looked cold: “But I am going to kill you, see that sea of corpses? They were all once my brothers …………”
“Chen Ping, you …………”
The Great Protector still wanted to say something, but he saw a flash of sword light from the Chopper Dragon Sword in Chen Ping’s hand.
The head of the Fourth Protector, who was standing beside the Grand Protector, instantly flew into mid-air, blood gushing out and spraying all over the Grand Protector’s body.
A fifth grade Martial Sect, a sword instantly decapitated!
The Grand Protector couldn’t believe it, what kind of strength had Chen Ping reached, had Chen Ping just broken through not to the Martial Sect realm, but to the Martial Marquis?
That Martial Marquis realm that could move mountains and reclamation, that could overturn clouds and rain?
But Chen Ping’s age was simply too young.
“Now it’s your turn!”
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand had been a great protector.
“Chen Ping, you deceive people too much ……”
The Grand Protector’s arms were broken, and at this moment, seeing that there was no longer any hope of living, he took a deep breath, and immediately afterwards the Grand Protector’s body began to bulge as if it was a ball of skin.
The Grand Protector was about to explode himself!
He was going to die anyway, he was going to use self-detonation to kill Chen Ping along with him.
The Great Protector’s body grew larger and larger, his eyes rounded like copper bells and his face was red.
“Chen Ping, get back …………”
Long Wu fought and shouted, his face full of panic!
A Martial Sect’s self-destruction, that power was comparable to a bomb.
But Chen Ping actually did not panic, put away the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand and slowly lit a cigarette for himself!
Chen Ping, who originally did not like smoking, was hoping to use it to relieve his stress at this moment.
The corpses all over the ground had died for him, and even though he had killed the five guardians, these people would not be able to live!
Seeing that Chen Ping was not running and was still so relaxed, the Great Protector’s body swelled violently once again.
With a cigarette in his mouth, Chen Ping’s body began to emit a golden light, and those scales on his body began to grow rapidly again, tightly wrapping Chen Ping in them.
“Chen Ping, you go to hell …………”
The Great Protector’s body had reached its limit.
Boom …………
A deafening sound was heard, and the entire Pan Long Bay, and even the entire Hong City, felt the power of this explosion.
A mushroom cloud rose up in the sky and could be seen clearly from a long distance.
A number of people looked up into the sky, not understanding what had happened.
“Chen Ping …………”
Long Da yelled and began to run with great effort.
“Mr. Chen …………”
Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix were also the first to rush over.
But when the smoke and dust cleared and several people ran to follow, they found that Chen Ping was standing spotlessly in place, the smoke in his mouth still smouldering.
The golden light on his body dispersed, Chen Ping dropped the smoke in his mouth and slowly looked towards Long Wu: “Uncle Long, I’m fine ……”