“Thanks to the help of the Domain Lords, I, Chen Ping, have no way to repay you, but I’d like to ask one last favor from the five of you!”
Chen Ping said!
“We’re family, just tell us what you need!” The Western Domain Lord hurriedly replied!
He’d been scared witless by Mr. Shi twice already, so whatever Chen Ping asked, he’d agree, he didn’t want to end up like the Fire Incineration Sect’s leader!
“The Fire Incineration Sect has mostly been wiped out, I hope the five Domain Lords can head there, rescue the imprisoned Artifact Refining Sect leader.”
“And as for the Fire Incineration Sect’s resources, the five Domain Lords can divide them as you see fit!”
Chen Ping said!
“No problem!” The Western Domain Lord nodded, then bolted off like a shot!
The Fire Incineration Sect was now just a bunch of small fry, but there’d surely be plenty of resources left, so the first to arrive would get the lion’s share!
“Damn, no honor among thieves…”
Seeing this, the other Domain Lords chased after him!
“Mr. Chen, are you continuing up the Skyward Ladder, or heading back to Sun-Moon City to rest for a bit?”
Lin Chong asked Chen Ping!
“You all go back first, I’ll climb a few more levels of the Skyward Ladder to train.” Chen Ping replied!
“Alright…” Lin Chong nodded!
…
Skyward Ladder, Fifth Level!
Ning Zhi and Su Yuqi sat on the ground, in front of them stood an old man in a black robe, his hair and beard white, his face wrinkled!
This was the guardian of the fifth level, Ning Zhi and Su Yuqi had originally planned to train in the fifth level’s world, gathering some resources or such!
But upon arriving, they found the fifth level’s world gone, leaving only a solitary grand hall, within which sat the fifth level’s guardian!
They’d tried to leave, but this guardian instantly subdued them, forcing them to sit obediently and chat with the peculiar old man!
“I wonder if that Chen Ping will come to the fifth level? If he doesn’t, are we stuck here forever?”
Ning Zhi regretted not sticking with Chen Ping from the start!
“Don’t worry, Junior Brother, I’m trying to break free!”
Su Yuqi said to Ning Zhi!
“You two little ones, stop struggling, isn’t it nice to sit here and chat with me?”
“It’s been years since anyone reached the fifth level, I’ve been bored to death!”
The old man said with a smile!
But just then, a flash of white light filled the hall, and Chen Ping’s figure appeared!
“Brother Chen, save us…”
Seeing it was Chen Ping, Ning Zhi shouted urgently!
Before Chen Ping could react, the old man suddenly appeared in front of him!
“A kid, what’s your name?”
The old man asked!
“I’m Chen Ping!” Chen Ping replied!
“Chen Ping?”
The old man paused, then pulled out a storage pouch with a fawning smile, “So it’s Mr. Chen gracing us with his presence, this is a little something I’ve saved over the years, all for you, Mr. Chen!”
Chen Ping blinked, looking at the old man, “Are you the guardian of this fifth level?”
“Yes, yes, that’s me!” The old man nodded repeatedly!
“I can break your seal and set you free, can you let me pass?” Chen Ping asked!
“No need, no need, the higher-ups already told me, as long as I keep you happy, we’ll be freed, no need to trouble you, Mr. Chen!”
“You just want to pass, right? You’ve passed now, you can head straight to the sixth level!”
The old man said with an obsequious grin!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded, unable to process it for a moment!
“Brother Chen, save us, save us…” Ning Zhi had heard every word clearly!
“What about them…” Chen Ping pointed at Ning Zhi and Su Yuqi!
“Are these two your friends, Mr. Chen?” The old man asked!
“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded!
“Together, together up you go…” With that, a staircase appeared in the hall, “Mr. Chen, just walk up, and you’ll reach the sixth level!”
Chen Ping stared at the staircase, a bit dazed, what was this? When did the Skyward Ladder get so easy? He didn’t even need to leave, he could ascend to the sixth level from inside!
Chen Ping led Ning Zhi and Su Yuqi toward the sixth level!