Chen Ping and the others rested for the night in the mountain forest, and Long Xingxu’s strength had recovered quite a bit!
It was just after dawn when Chen Ping planned to take Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu and leave.
But just as Chen Ping was about to leave, suddenly the spell formation set up by Hu Ma Zi activated, and a stream of flames shot out, accompanied by the sound of someone, shouting!
“Chen Ping, someone is coming, let’s go quickly ……”
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded and was about to lead Long Xingxu away when he heard a furious curse, “f*ck, who has set up a formation inside this deep forest ……”
It was this angry curse that caused Chen Ping to stop instantly, followed by a quick trip towards the formation!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu also hurriedly followed behind!
When Chen Ping ran to that spell formation, he saw that Liu Xing and Liu Rui were in a bit of a mess from Pockmarked Hu’s spell formation!
Although the two were good, they were not experienced enough to deal with this kind of spell formation! Remember the website m.lqzw.org
When Chen Ping saw this, he hurriedly waved his hand and the spell formation in front of him instantly disappeared!
And when Liu Xing and Liu Rui saw Chen Ping, they immediately ran over!
“Why are you two here?”
Chen Ping asked with some surprise.
“Mr. Chen, Master told us to take you by water, and now the entire Hidden Realm is surrounded by people, so I’m afraid it will be difficult for you to escape from here!”
Liu Rui said to Chen Ping.
“Take the water route?” Chen Ping was stunned.
“Yes, after this big mountain, you can see a sea, and you can leave this place through the water route as well.”
Liu Rui said.
“How come I’ve never heard you guys mention it before?”
Chen Ping was puzzled, he had been in the Hidden Realm for so long and had never heard anyone mention that there was some kind of water way out of here!
“Because that sea is infested with many demonic beasts, so very few people go there!”
“Now is not the time to talk, wait until we leave here and explain to you slowly!”
Liu Xing opened his mouth and said.
Chen Ping nodded, and then followed Liu Xing and the others to leave together.
After all, Liu Xing and Liu Rui were born and raised here, and were far more familiar with the terrain than Chen Ping, so they soon arrived at the sea!
Looking at the vast sea, Liu Xing casually waved his hand and several large trees broke, then fell into the sea!
A few people leapt up and easily stood on top of that tree trunk!
With their current skills, they didn’t even need to take a boat to navigate the sea!
“I hope this one will go smoothly ……”
Liu Xing looked ahead with a worried face.
“Brother Liu, with your current skills, you shouldn’t be afraid of a few demonic beasts, if you come across a demonic beast, you can just as well kill it and take a few beast pills!”
Chen Ping said to Liu Xing.
“Hey, demonic beasts are not scary, what is scary is that old monster, I hope we don’t run into it, or else we will be in bad luck!”
Liu Xing said with a sigh.
“Old monster?” Chen Ping froze, not understanding what the old monster Liu Xing was talking about!
“Yes, there is a fishing island in this sea, and I heard that there is an old monster living on it, and the demonic beasts in the whole sea are all raised by that old monster.”
“No one knows when that old monster has been on top of that island since, only that no one who has pa*sed through there has come back, and I heard that they were all eaten by that old monster.”
Liu Xing said with some fear.
“The old monster that eats people? This is all a legend, how can there be such a person, who also breeds demonic beasts, really think this sea is their home!”
Hu Pazi didn’t believe it at all, and said with a cold smile.
“You guys can believe it or not, just hope we don’t come across it!”
Liu Xing didn’t say anything, but watched the sea with a grave face!
Since he had never been here either, he did not know where that fishing island was, so he could only pray that they would not pa*s by the surroundings of that fishing island and just don’t be discovered by that old monster!