Chen Ping gave a shock, he did not expect that this sword aura that had already been swung out would still be able to converge together and then transform into a fierce beast!
“This sword qi of yours is even able to take shape at will?”
Chen Ping was somewhat surprised.
It was not difficult to know that it was not difficult to take shape with sword Qi, as long as one controlled the longsword in his hand, after waving out the sword Qi, his heart followed the sword’s intention, and he would be able to transform into what he wanted!
Chen Ping’s Dragon Chopping Sword, a sword that chopped out the shape of a dragon, also looked like this!
However, this woman’s sword qi was clearly transformed into a sword flower, but she was able to make those sword flowers converge halfway, and then transformed into a fierce beast!
This somewhat surprised Chen Ping, after all, after that sword qi struck, it was impossible to be controlled at all!
But this woman’s sword qi was able to be controlled at will like spiritual qi, demonic qi and the like, that was somewhat unbelievable!
“Hmph, do you think that the strength of our Ten Thousand Swords Sect is just a waste of time?”
The woman snorted coldly!
“Ten Thousand Swords Sect?”Chen Ping had never heard of this clan, but once he heard of it, it was also a clan that specialised in using swords!
“Although your sword skills are indeed good, but in front of absolute strength, any moves are like flowery fists!”
Chen Ping smiled coldly, then raised the Zhan Long Sword in his hand!
The Zhan Long Sword shone brightly, and the sword intent enveloped Chen Ping’s entire body!
“I’ll show you the real sword art ……”
“Nine Shadow Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping executed the Nine Shadow Sword Technique!
He had not performed the Nine Shadows Sword Technique for some time, after all, the Zhan Long Sword Sword Spirit, Zhong Li, was injured and had no way to be detached from the sword, and even more so, he could not follow Chen Ping’s mind, so Chen Ping rarely performed the Nine Shadows Sword Technique anymore!
Along with the execution of the Nine Shadows Sword Technique, one Chen Ping figure after another appeared, and each figure possessed Chen Ping’s aura!
A total of six figures stood neatly in front of the woman!
The woman was directly baffled at the sight of this, and even the beast that was transformed by the sword aura directly dissipated and became invisible the moment the woman was confused!
“What kind of sword technique are you …… you using? How did so many doppelgangers appear?”
“Illusion, this is definitely an illusion right?”
After the woman was shocked, she seemed to have thought of something and her eyes widened!
She did not think that this was some kind of sword art that Chen Ping was using, this should be an illusion, it was definitely an illusion!
“No matter how many doppelgangers you change into, you won’t be able to escape me!”
“Ten Thousand Sword Cage ……”
The woman let out a low gulp, followed by the longsword in her hand being swung towards the sky with vigour!
Under the moonlight, countless points of light suddenly appeared in the black night sky, followed by a single sword awn as if it was raining, coming towards the six Chen Ping in front of them!
Ten thousand sword awns, even if there were more doppelgangers, they would not be able to withstand them at all!
The woman’s eyes were filled with confidence, the corners of her mouth slightly raised!
“It’s so pretty, following the brilliant fireworks ……”
Just when the woman thought that Chen Ping would surely die, a voice came from behind the woman!
The woman was frightened and rushed to look back, only to find that Chen Ping had unexpectedly appeared behind her at an unknown time!
“Why are you …… you here?”
The woman’s face was full of shock, and then there turned back to look at the six Chen Ping figures facing her front!
It turned out that these six figures were all not Chen Ping’s original body, and Chen Ping’s real original body did not know when it had already arrived behind the woman!
The woman had never thought that her so-called Ten Thousand Swords Cage would not even pose the slightest threat or harm to Chen Ping!
Was this still something that a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm could do?
The woman doubted Chen Ping’s realm in her eyes at the moment, it was impossible for a seventh level of the Ferrying Realm to do this!
One must know that he was a cultivator of the first rank of the Mahayana realm and was proficient in sword arts, but at this moment, he was being made to suffer so much by Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the seventh rank of the Transition realm, and the other party was also using a sword!
This was somewhat too outrageous!