Mr. Shi’s words caused Chen Ping to instantly freeze, with a big look of being teased.
Looking at Chen Ping with that look, Mr. Shi continued, “Do you still want to be sheltered for the rest of your life?”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping shook his head, “Although I don’t have the ability to challenge the entire Kyoto martial arts community, but it’s not that easy for them to kill me!”
Chen Ping had a calm face, even if Zhu Zhi Shan had set up a heavenly net outside, Chen Ping still had the confidence to escape, and his confidence at this moment was the Qian Kun circle in his hand.
Mr. Shi smiled and did not say anything, but got up and left.
Walking out of the Dharma Guardian Pavilion, Zhu Zhishan did not leave with those people from the Martial Alliance, and after seeing Mr. Shi come out, Zhu Zhishan hurriedly went forward.
“Mr. Shi, I wonder how you will deal with that Chen Ping?”
Zhu Zhishan asked to Mr. Shi.
“That Chen Ping killed your Martial Alliance people, then you kill him, and I will no longer care about the feud between you ……”
Mr. Shi said indifferently.
Mr. Shi’s words caused Zhu Zhishan to freeze for an instant, but then became excited.
If Mr. Shi was going to leave it alone, then Chen Ping was still bound to die!
When Mr. Shi was far away, Zhu Zhishan looked coldly at the entrance to the Protector’s Pavilion.
“Chen Ping, come out and suffer death ……”
Zhu Zhishan shouted in a fury, and the entire Guardian Pavilion hummed.
Chen Ping could hear it clearly from inside.
Dong Liqun looked at Dong Jiahao beside him, “Jiahao, go out and mobilize all the Dong family’s manpower to escort Mr. Chen out ……”
This was Dong Liqun’s intention to use the lives of everyone in the Dong family to rush out a path for Chen Ping.
But who knew that Chen Ping waved his hand, “You guys should not get involved in this matter, I will take care of it myself, if you guys do it, it will distract me even more ……”
“Mr. Chen, but there are dozens of people in that Martial Alliance, and all of them are highly powerful, especially Zhu Zhishan, whose strength is even more unfathomable, it would be dangerous for you to go out like this.”
Dong Liqun advised Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, I have the measure ……”
Chen Ping had a confident face and after a faint smile, he then got up and walked outside.
Dong Liqun and Dong Jiahao hurriedly followed behind Chen Ping.
Zhao Wuji also brought a number of people to follow, but the gap between the strength of these people and the Martial Alliance was too great, even if they followed, they would only be holding a personal show ……
When Chen Ping walked out of the Protector’s Pavilion, dozens of people instantly surrounded Chen Ping, each with their breath exposed!
“Chen Ping, I didn’t expect you to really dare to come out, now that Mr. Shi doesn’t care about you, I’ll see if you’re still arrogant!”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile on his face and said.
“Cut the f*cking crap, if you want to make a move, come on, let everyone see that there are so many of you in the Martial Alliance, bullying the less with more ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked around.
“Our goal is to kill you, what’s the point of bullying the few with the many?”
Zhu Zhishan knew that Chen Ping was deliberately provoking himself like this, trying to get him to fight him alone!
But Zhu Zhishan wasn’t stupid, he wouldn’t give Chen Ping that chance!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that a great battle was inevitable, so his body exploded with a golden light.
The hard flesh began to glow with layers of scales, and the aura of his body was also revealed at this moment.
Both of Chen Ping’s fists were also glowing with golden light, and the power of the divine dragon was mobilised to the extreme.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping smashed his fist towards Zhu Zhishan, the terrifying force of his fist heading towards Zhu Zhishan with a devastating force.
Zhu Zhishan frowned slightly and dodged with a flash of his body.
Zhu Zhishan dodged, but the people behind him were in trouble.
Boom!
Only a loud sound could be heard, a deep crater instantly appeared behind him, and a dozen people were directly shaken by this punch.
“Make a move ……”
Zhu Zhishan bellowed angrily, and dozens of people from the Martial Alliance rushed towards Chen Ping with various weapons.