“What’s going on at the top of that mountain?”
Someone saw a golden light rising from the top of the mountain, and a very terrifying aura that kept coming from the top of the mountain!
The people from the three sects and six schools all looked up at the strange scene at the top of the mountain!
“What a powerful aura, could it be that there are even more advanced demonic beasts on top of this mountain?”
Leng Wu Dao said with a slight frown.
“To be able to feel this aura from such a distance, it seems that this should be the king of demonic beasts, and its strength is definitely above that of a Martial Emperor!”
Tong Ocean also had a very grave expression on his face!
If there was such a powerful demonic beast within the secret territory, then they would have to act carefully, and also stay away from the power when dividing the territory, or else they might be wiped out by a demonic beast at that time, then it would be more than worth it!
“It seems that we have to be careful when hunting demonic beasts, we didn’t expect that there would be such high level demonic beasts in this secret realm!”
Leng Wu Dao exclaimed!
And at this moment, on the other side of the mountain peak, Qu Yunchang looked at the golden light at the top of the mountain and felt the terrifying aura, and his entire face turned a little ugly!
“Such a terrifying aura, it seems that there is a beast king on top of this mountain!”
After Qu Yunchang finished speaking, he who had originally planned to go up to the top of the mountain, re-chose his path, he didn’t want to become the food of that beast king!
…………
The fire phoenix on top of the mountain, after absorbing the power of those demon beasts’ beast pellets, circled around Chen Ping twice before turning back into a golden light and disappearing into Chen Ping’s forehead!
The fire phoenix disappeared, but the demonic beasts were still lying on the ground, not daring to move, and the strength of these demonic beasts had obviously all dropped by one realm, because their strength had been partially absorbed by the fire phoenix!
After the golden light faded into Chen Ping’s forehead, immediately afterwards a force began to swirl around the dragon crystal on Chen Ping’s chest, the power of the divine dragon within Chen Ping’s body, following this force, was also fusing, and soon fused together to form a powerful force!
“Cough cough cough …………”
Chen Ping coughed twice and slowly opened his eyes!
The first thing Chen Ping saw when he opened his eyes was the azure sky.
“What kind of place is this? Did I not die?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, all he could think of right now was that he ended up following that short man in battle and ended up pa*sing out!
As for what happened after that, Chen Ping didn’t know anything!
After lying down for a while and taking a breather, Chen Ping found that the Divine Dragon Force within him had actually become stronger, and it was not suppressed in the slightest!
Immediately after shaking his fist, Chen Ping found that his strength had been restored and he no longer had that feeling of not being able to use his strength!
“Great, I’ve finally recovered ……”
Chen Ping shouted with joy and sat up violently!
But just as he got up, he was instantly stunned by what was in front of him!
In front of him, there were demonic beasts of all kinds, and each of them was huge, and their aura was terrifying!
Chen Ping was so frightened that he just woke up and almost didn’t faint from fear again!
Chen Ping sat there, not daring to move, not even daring to breathe!
But the hundreds of demonic beasts in front of him were also motionless and did not dare to breathe!
Both sides were afraid of each other, afraid of each other!
“You don’t need to be afraid, now these demonic beasts have long since become your little brothers and won’t harm you.”
The old man’s voice rang out!
“What? Became my little brothers? What’s going on here?”
Chen Ping was astonished, not understanding what was happening at all!
“To be exact, these demonic beasts, are all your chick’s little brothers, so that means they are your little brothers too.”
The old man explained!
“Chicks? What chick?” Chen Ping was a bit confused!
“You’re the one who won’t admit it when you pull up your trousers? It’s the fire phoenix that you played with.”
The old man told Chen Ping what had happened, and only then did Chen Ping realize that it was the power that the fire phoenix had left inside him that had tamed these demonic beasts!
Thinking about the demonic beasts on the Demonic Beast Mountain Range, they were much more powerful than these demonic beasts, but they were also tamed by the fire phoenix, so it would be even less of a problem to tame these demonic beasts in front of him.