“I’ll tell you some herbs now, they’re all ordinary herbs and not expensive, you go and acquire a batch for me, I’ll refine some Small Return Pills, then you take them out and sell them, as for how much you can sell them for, you’ll decide for yourself then!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, Lin Tianhu immediately had someone bring a pen and paper, ready to record!
“Mountain gardenia, sea taro, lychee kernels, four seasons of green …………”
Chen Ping had said a dozen ingredients, but they were all common herbs that could easily be bought and were not expensive!
“Have you written them all down?” Chen Ping finished and asked to Lin Tianhu.
“Hall Master, they are all written down, these are all common herbs, we have them in our Hong City Chinese Pharmacy, but not in such large quantities, I will send someone to Yun City, there is a herb base there, all kinds of herbs are available, and they are also cheap, this way we can save a lot of money!”
Lin Tianhu, knowing that Chen Ping needed too much money only, also began to save, not daring to be generous anymore!
“Cloud City?” Chen Ping snapped to mind, in Cloud City, which was only a few hundred miles southwest of Hongcheng, there was the largest medicinal herb base in the country.
Almost all of the Chinese herbs in the country pa*sed through Cloud City and were sent to everywhere, so over time, Cloud City came to be known by another name, Pill Capital!
“I wonder if this Medicine Capital, has the herbs I need!”
What Chen Ping needed were all very valuable medicinal herbs, mountain ginseng needed to refine the Spirit Gathering Pill, Lingzhi and the like, nothing over a hundred years old would do, at least three hundred years or more!
Moreover, in order to make the Spirit Gathering Pill work to its fullest potential, one more medicinal ingredient was needed, namely the Heavenly Mountain Snow Lotus.
It was even more difficult to obtain this Heavenly Mountain Snow Lotus, so Chen Ping could not be in a hurry, he could only accumulate wealth first, and then use the exorbitant reward to acquire these things, after all, there are brave men under heavy rewards!
“Hall Master, there is an auction house in Cloud City that specialises in auctioning off exotic treasures gathered from all over the world, among which precious medicinal herbs are the most abundant, I will send someone to keep an eye on it, and if there is anything Hall Master needs, I will inform you immediately!”
Lin Tianhu said in a small voice.
“Mm, that’s all we can do!”
Chen Ping nodded his head!
He did not stay long at the Tian Yuan Restaurant, and after following Lin Tian Hu’s explanation, Chen Ping left for the Su Clan!
The elixir he had made for Su Wenzong was finished, and Chen Ping had to take it to Su Wenzong!
Although he hadn’t established any relationship with Su Yuqi, but that Su Wenzong had become his old husband, it was already a done deal!
Chen Ping didn’t dare to be too lax when he was doing something for his old man!
Lin Tianhu personally drove Chen Ping to the Su family villa!
Just as they arrived at the villa’s entrance, the two of them saw a black Audi parked at the entrance, the license plate was Hong A00001, the license plate number looked very explosive!
“Holy sh*t, isn’t this the car of one of Hong Cheng’s handlers? How come it’s here?”
Lin Tianhu couldn’t help but exclaim in shock after seeing the license plate photo!
Chen Ping was also a bit puzzled, how could the first hand of Hong Cheng, come to the Su family? But thinking about how Su Wenzong was the richest man in Hongcheng, it wasn’t impossible for a hand to come over to talk about something!
Chen Ping hesitated for a moment, thinking whether to go in or not, but finally he got out of the car and walked in, this was his old man’s house from now on, there was no need to be formal, besides, if he met more people like this, it might be useful sometime!
Just as he walked into the villa, Chen Ping saw Su Yuqi and a strange young man in the courtyard, the two seemed to be talking about something, but looking at Su Yuqi, she didn’t look very happy!
“Ling Feng, don’t come to my house from now on, those who don’t know will think that I have something to do with you!”
Su Yuqi frowned and said to the young man.