When Xiao Da saw that it was Chen Ping who had arrived, he also hurriedly rose and said, “Mr. Chen, our Palace Master has always heard of Mr. Chen’s great name, so he would like to follow him for a chat!”
“Have a chat with me? There’s no conspiracy here, is there? I killed your Palace Master’s righteous son, doesn’t he want to take revenge?”
Chen Ping looked at Xiao Da and asked cautiously.
Nothing is treacherous ……
Chen Ping followed the Sacred Beast Palace without any hang-ups and killed Fei Qingping’s righteous son, and now he was actually inviting him to be a guest?
This is too perverse ……
“Hahahaha, Mr. Chen is really joking, just one righteous son, would our palace master put it in his eyes, our palace master has more than ten righteous sons, that Xiang Chong has is nothing.”
Xiao Da said with a laugh.
When Chen Ping heard this, he realized that Xiang Chong had been holding the back of the Sacred Beast Palace, but it turned out that in front of Fei Qingping, Xiang Chong’s righteous son was nothing!
Looking at Xiao Da like that, he was not a treacherous person, so Chen Ping nodded and said, “Alright, I will go with you to meet your palace master!”
After following Ji Ru Xue and giving a couple of explanations, Chen Ping followed Xiao Da to the Sacred Beast Palace!
The Sacred Beast Palace was more than two hours’ drive away from the Red Lotus Palace!
Only when he arrived at the Sacred Beast Palace did Chen Ping realise what luxury meant!
The Holy Beast Palace was filled with Chinese villas, with mountains and water, and the environment was exceptionally good, almost like a tourist resort.
Xiao Da led Chen Ping to a villa, pushed the door and walked in. What caught his eyes upon entering was a huge seat, with a tiger skin covering the door of the seat!
And the Sacred Beast Palace Master, Fei Qingping, was sitting on the seat, and beside Fei Qingping stood several Martial Sects!
“Palace Master, Mr. Chen is invited ……”
Xiao Da said towards Fei Qingping.
Fei Qingping looked towards Chen Ping, his eyes exploding with a brilliant light, and a powerful momentum of pressure erupted from Fei Qingping’s body.
Chen Ping frowned, his body instantly flickered with bursts of golden light, resisting this momentum of intimidation!
Chen Ping’s face was gloomy, he did not expect this Fei Qingping to make a move against himself as soon as they met.
It seemed that this was a Hongmen Banquet ……
But just as Chen Ping was about to cast his Unbreakable Golden Body and prepare to face the battle, that Fei Qingping suddenly withdrew that momentum of oppression.
“Hahahaha, indeed a hero comes out of a young man, no wonder you have turned the Kyoto martial arts world, upside down at a young age ……”
Fei Qingping narrowed his eyes and laughed.
“I wonder what is it that Palace Master Fei is looking for me for?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently as he himself directly found a seat and sat down.
“I just admire your strength and would like to meet you!”
Fei Qingping stood up and walked towards Chen Ping, then sat down next to him, “You are a half-step Martial Marquis, I am curious to know how you managed to turn the Kyoto Martial Dao world upside down and how you managed to escape from Kyoto?”
Fei Qingping was somewhat puzzled, according to him, with Chen Ping’s strength, he was nothing in the Kyoto martial arts community.
It should be easy for those people to kill Chen Ping, but now Chen Ping was alive and well.
“If you invited me here just to ask this, then forgive me for having no comment ……”
Chen Ping got up and was about to leave.
“Young in age and quite explosive in nature, didn’t you come from Kyoto to our south to escape?”
“I know that many people in the martial arts world in Kyoto want to kill you, so if you stay in our Sacred Beast Palace, I can protect you.”
“And I can also take you as my righteous son, as long as you become my righteous son, who dares to make enemies with you in the whole south?”
“Even if those people from Kyoto come, they will have to give me face.”
Fei Qingping said in a very arrogant manner.
When Chen Ping heard that this Fei Qingping wanted to accept himself as his righteous son, he could not help but laugh.
Although Chen Ping was now a half-step Martial Marquis, it would not be difficult to take on Fei Qingping.