Slap!
Jin Fusheng slapped Jin Fuwang’s face so fiercely that it sent his gla*ses flying out.
“Get out, get out of here, you’ll never be a member of my Jin family again, and I don’t have you as a brother.”
“Get lost …………”
Jin Fusheng shuddered and shouted angrily.
Seeing this, Jin Fuwang got up and scattered his legs and ran!
Jin Fusheng dragged his exhausted body into the hall, where at the moment Chen Ping was sitting in a chair drinking tea!
Jin Fusheng stood next to Chen Ping, not daring to sit down!
“Take a seat ……”
Chen Ping said slowly.
Only then did Jin Fusheng sit down on his buttocks and sighed heavily, as if he had aged a lot in an instant.
Being betrayed by the people closest to you, this kind of blow was great for everyone.
After a while, Jin Fusheng slowed down a bit before he turned to Chen Ping and asked, “Mr. Chen, when are you going to use the boat, I will send someone to prepare it right away!”
“I’ll use it first thing tomorrow morning, you prepare a room for me now, I’ll rest now!”
Chen Ping said.
“Good!” Jin Fusheng nodded his head.
…………
Wushan, at the border of the southwest, had lush greenery all year round and a pleasant climate.
However, it was this environment that made this part of the southwest, poisonous and rampant with evil cultivators.
In a natural cave in the Wushan Mountains, there is an evil cultivator sect called the Heavenly Fury Sect, which has moved into the mountains to survive because of the pursuit of evil cultivators in various martial arts circles.
The history of the Heaven-Shattering Sect is not long, but with the help of the evil techniques, the sect master, Zang Qing, has reached the level of half-step Martial Marquis!
On this day, at the entrance of the Heaven-Shattering Sect’s cave, a man appeared there!
Just as he appeared, several people instantly sprang out from nowhere and surrounded the visitor.
“Who are you?”
One of the guards in the Heavenly Fury Sect asked.
“Go and report to your Sect Master, and tell him that Zhu Zhishan, the alliance master of the Kyoto Martial Alliance, requests an audience ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with his hands behind his back and a bashful face.
When the few guards heard that it was the alliance master of the Martial Dao Alliance, they all looked at each other with some disbelief!
They had to know that they, the Heavenly Fiend Sect, were incompatible with the Martial Dao Alliance.
The purpose of the Martial Dao Alliance was to promote martial arts and eradicate evil cultivators.
“Why don’t you go now?”
Zhu Zhishan’s face was slightly cold.
“You …… you wait …….”
One of the guards shivered in fear and hurriedly ran into the cave.
And at this moment, the Heavenly Slaughter Sect’s Sect Master, Zang Qing, was practicing, and around Zang Qing, countless skeletons were flying in the mid-air.
“Sect Master, it’s not good, Sect Master, it’s not good …………”
The guards rushed anxiously into the place where Zang Qing was practicing his kung fu.
Tibetan Qing’s eyes opened, then he grabbed a claw towards the guard.
A huge suction force sucked the guard directly in front of Zang Qing, who had a death grip on the guard’s neck with his hand.
“How many times have I told you that when I am practicing, you are not allowed to disturb ……”
Tibetan Qing had an angry face.
The guard’s face turned red and he said with a look of panic, “Sect Master, the Martial …… Alliance is here ……”
When the guard finished stuttering, Zang Qing’s face changed and he directly released the guard.
“What’s going on?”
Zang Qing asked.
“Cough cough cough ……”
The guard coughed, and then said, “Alliance Master, a man has come outside, claiming to be the Alliance Master of the Kyoto Martial Alliance, called Zhu Zhishan, and wants to see you ……”
“Is he the only one?”
Zao Qing continued to ask.
“Yes, just one person was seen!” The guard nodded.
Zangqing frowned, “What is he doing seeing me? And how did he find his way here?”
Although there was only one person, Zang Qing knew Zhu Zhishan’s strength, and if there was a real fight, Zhu Zhishan would be able to turn the Heaven’s Destruction Sect upside down.
After hesitating for a moment, Zang Qing then got up and followed the guards out.
Since he had found his way to the cave entrance, he knew that he could not hide.