On the nameless mountain peak!
Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Chopper Sword, had already killed an unknown number of undead, and the Dao Stripe power in his body had already reached eight, with one more Dao Stripe power, it would be complete!
It was a pity that no matter how hard Chen Ping tried to kill the undead, this last Dao Stripe never lit up!
“Could it be that this last Dao Stripe of Power requires something special to be able to do so?”
Chen Ping was a little frustrated, since he could not increase the power of the Dao Stripes, there was no point in killing the undead!
Looking down at the ten metres tall undead at the bottom of the mountain peak, Chen Ping started to get excited again!
“If I kill this big guy, I wonder if I can form the power of nine dao patterns?”
Chen Ping looked at the huge undead and secretly pondered!
Finally Chen Ping leapt and floated down, he intended to try it out, anyway, with the God King’s Bow around, these undead couldn’t do anything to him, if he couldn’t beat them, he could run back to this mountain peak!
Chen Ping waved his Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, cutting a path, and in a flash he was in front of the huge undead!
When the huge undead saw Chen Ping, a whimpering roar came out of his mouth.
For so long, they had been unable to do anything to Chen Ping, which had long since infuriated the huge undead!
Chen Ping didn’t even bother, he swung his sword towards the huge undead!
But Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword instantly burst into flames as it slashed into the giant undead’s armour!
It still couldn’t break through the armour of the giant undead, it couldn’t do any damage to the undead at all!
The giant undead hissed and slapped his palm heavily towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping used his nimble body to dodge it in an instant!
Looking at the huge undead in front of him, Chen Ping needed to find a place where the undead were weak.
Chen Ping then saw that there seemed to be a place where he could insert the Dragon Slashing Sword into the undead’s neck, so he leapt up, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand emitting a light, and then stabbed the huge undead in the neck!
With this stroke, Chen Ping stabbed it in smoothly, even stabbing the whole sword into the neck of the giant undead!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was overjoyed, the giant undead would be dead for sure!
But who knows, the undead didn’t seem to be affected, but only became a little manic, hissing and roaring as his hands kept slapping out at Chen Ping!
A tornado of terrifying fierce Qi formed, directly blowing Chen Ping far away, and then fell heavily to the ground!
Chen Ping hurriedly got up, then with a wave of his hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword flew back into his hand, followed by a quick run towards the top of the mountain peak!
Sitting on the mountain peak, Chen Ping looked at the undead below and couldn’t help but greet their ancestors all over again!
Right now, Chen Ping was no match for the huge undead, and it seemed that the undead could not be killed at all!
But because of the God King’s Bow, those undead didn’t dare to come up!
“D*mn, this broken bow, why can’t it be drawn?”
Chen Ping took the God King’s Bow and pulled the bowstring again in anger!
But this time, Chen Ping actually pulled that bowstring straight up, and a golden arrow feather instantly appeared on the God King Bow!
Chen Ping looked at the God King’s Bow in his hand, his eyes full of excitement, he didn’t expect that he had pulled it!
The moment Chen Ping pulled the God King’s Bow, the undead under the mountain peak seemed to be frightened, and they all turned around and ran away!
Even the huge undead took a step and fled from Chen Ping’s sight!
Without even thinking, Chen Ping aimed the God King’s Bow in his hand at the huge undead!
Whoosh …………
As soon as Chen Ping released his hand, a golden arrow shot out instantly, penetrating the huge undead in the blink of an eye!
Without any time to hiss, the huge undead instantly fell to the ground and turned into a burst of sinister aura, heading straight for Chen Ping!
When this aura entered Chen Ping’s body, the Daoist power within Chen Ping’s body finally lit up with the ninth dao!