“You two get out now, and I can still spare your lives ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked at the two coldly.
The two men froze, and then laughed out loud, “Are you crazy, just like you are now, you still want to spare our lives? I’ll send you on your way with a casual slash now!”
With that, the short man slashed towards Chen Ping!
After knowing that Chen Ping was no threat, the short man became careless, in his eyes, Chen Ping was a fish on a plate, ready to be slaughtered!
Seeing this, Chen Ping put his fingers together and waved his fingers violently, a golden light shot out, followed by the Dragon Chopping Sword descending from the sky, the blue-tipped sword aura was like a galactic waterfall, flying straight down!
The short man froze, and immediately afterwards he felt a burst of killing intent coming from above his head, the kind of terrifying killing intent that made his heart begin to tremble straight away!
Looking up, he only saw the sky filled with sword maces coming down from the sky, this sudden change of events caused the short man’s face to change and his heart to panic!
He simply could not have imagined that the unthreatening Chen Ping could still emit such a terrifying killing intent!
He now finally knew that Chen Ping was not as weak as he saw him!
“Chop …………”
With a wave of Chen Ping’s palm, the Chopping Dragon Sword chopped directly towards the short man’s head!
Chen Ping knew that he had to take advantage of his opponent’s carelessness, to fight quickly and kill him outright!
Otherwise, even with the Dragon Chopping Sword in place, there was no way to deal with the two men in front of him!
Seeing this, the short man directly waved the long sword in his hand up, trying to block the roiling sword mane!
Brush …………
A golden mane instantly pa*sed through the short man’s body, and the short man let out a shriek!
Although his head was not cut off, one of the short man’s arms was instantly chopped off to the ground!
The short man hurriedly retreated, following the decapitating sword and pulling away!
The tall man looked at Chen Ping in shock, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to have the strength to manipulate the sword and chop off the short man’s arm directly!
So it seemed that Chen Ping was not powerless and at the mercy of others!
The short man hurriedly stopped the bleeding, and then looked at Chen Ping in shock, his eyes filled with disbelief!
“So you were faking all along, you weren’t injured at all ……”
The tall man felt duped, Chen Ping wasn’t injured at all and was definitely above them in strength!
“I never said I was injured either, it was you guys who always thought that.”
Chen Ping laughed coldly, then with a move, he took the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, a terrifying aura emanated from the Dragon Cutting Sword, then the tip of the sword pointed straight at the two men, “Don’t you want to trade my head for resources? Now you can do it, only I’m afraid you don’t have that ability ……”
Chen Ping pretended to be calm and said with a disdainful look at the two!
As the two looked at Chen Ping’s calm demeanor and the extremely terrifying sword they had just struck, the two slowly began to back up!
“This is all a misunderstanding, we have no enmity, so why fight to the death, farewell ……”
After the tall man finished, he stepped forward and helped the short man turn around and leave!
The two men left, Chen Ping then let out a long sigh of relief, immediately after turning around and leaving!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s forehead was already covered with sweat, if the two men had not retreated and attacked together, Chen Ping would have died for sure, even with the Dragon Chopper Sword.
Now that he had scared the two men away, Chen Ping had to get out of here as quickly as possible, for he might run into other people later!
Chen Ping began to pick up his pace and kept running, while the two men, one tall and one short, seemed to have thought of something after they had turned to leave!
“Senior, that’s not right, that terrifying aura just now seemed to be emitted from within that sword, not from within that Chen Ping.”
“Maybe this Chen Ping is really injured and his strength is greatly reduced, but that precious sword of his should be a spirit sword and the sword spirit has taken shape, so it is able to fight on its own.”
The short man analyzed.