“Thank you, Emperor Xiao, your spirit beast should be fine for the next few days, right?”
Chen Ping asked!
“No problem, I wonder what method Mr Chen used to make the spirit beasts all recover?”
Xiao Yuanshan asked curiously!
Zhen Yuandao and Zhong Yi were also both curious and asked, “Fellow Daoist Chen, did you find out the cause of the disease? What exactly is the disease?”
“Actually, these spirit beasts are only caused by fear and are not sick, so I couldn’t find the cause of the illness at first, so I just need to find the cause of their fear.”
“I also discovered by chance that the moonlight at night would cause the ground in that spirit beast’s courtyard to move differently, causing the spirit beasts to become fearful.”
“I have already dealt with it, so those spirit beasts just need to recuperate and they will be fine!”
Chen Ping did not reveal the fact that he had obtained the Fire Qilin, after all, the fewer people who knew about this kind of thing, the better!
As the saying goes, if a man is not guilty, he can’t be held responsible, right now Chen Ping’s Divine King Bow didn’t even dare to be freely available to the world, if the people knew that he had the Fire Qilin, I’m afraid that I don’t know how many people would want to kill him again!
After listening to Chen Ping’s explanation, Xiao Yuan Shan did not continue to pursue the question, the spirit beast had already been healed, that would do!
“Mr Chen, you saved my son’s life, and now that you have healed so many of my spirit beasts, I hope that Mr Chen can stay in this Imperial City so that I can properly repay Mr Chen!”
Xiao Yuanshan once again retained Chen Ping!
“Emperor Xiao, I’m really sorry, I still have a lot of things left to take care of, so forgive me for not being able to stay in the Xiao Dynasty.”
“I have to rush back, so farewell ……”
Chen Ping was embarrassed as he arched his hand towards Xiao Yuanshan!
“Since Mr Chen is adamant about leaving, I have ordered a large amount of resources to be prepared, and then Prime Minister Yu will personally be escorting you back!”
Xiao Yuanshan had already known that it was impossible for Chen Ping to stay and had already prepared a gift!
Chen Ping was not pushing back, after all, he needed a large amount of resources for his own cultivation, as well as the two fellows, the Little Fire Qilin and the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast, both needed to eat!
“Many thanks!”Chen Ping followed Xiao Yuanshan and thanked him, then followed Zhen Yuandao and the others as they prepared to leave!
Just as Chen Ping was about to leave, Xiao Feng suddenly appeared and stopped Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, I have a request, I still hope that Mr Chen can help me.”
Xiao Feng said respectfully!
“Prince Xiao, feel free to say whatever you need, as long as I can do it, I am absolutely obliged!”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, I know that you often walk around various places in the Celestial Realm, I would like you to keep an eye on Ah Zhu for me to see where the hell she has gone!”
Xiao Feng said!
“Ah Zhu, is that the girl you like?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Yes, she’s actually been living in the Western Region, but she suddenly disappeared some time ago, I’ve been looking for her for many days.”
Xiao Feng had worry and loss on his face!
“It’s all my fault, if I had sent someone earlier, to guard that A Zhu girl, she wouldn’t have suddenly disappeared.”
“Son, don’t worry about it, I have already ordered all the cities in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to search for that Ah Zhu girl, I believe that I will be able to find her soon.”
Xiao Yuanshan walked over and comforted Xiao Feng, presumably because he was afraid that Xiao Feng would be in trouble if he was committing an illness!
“Prince Xiao, I will keep an eye out for you, once there is information about that Ah Zhu girl, I will be the first to inform you.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and took out some sound transmission jade slips and handed them over to Xiao Feng!
Xiao Feng was shocked as he watched Chen Ping casually take out a handful of Voice Transmission Jade Slips!
After all, this item was very expensive in the Celestial Realm, even if he was the prince of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, he would not dare to be so extravagant!
“Many thanks, Mr Chen!”
Xiao Feng received the Voice Transmission Jade Slip and bowed deeply towards Chen Ping!
After Chen Ping followed Xiao Yuanshan’s father and son to say goodbye, he was escorted back to Yongle City by Prime Minister Yu!