With Chen Ping’s current strength, it would indeed be somewhat difficult to completely exterminate the Jade Tripod Sect, and even if he did, it wouldn’t do Chen Ping the slightest bit of good!
But if he could find a way to take the Jade Tripod Sect into his own hands, and more importantly, if he could receive all those resources within the Jade Tripod Sect, Chen Ping could use those resources to break through the Transformation Realm and ascend to the Harmonious Body Realm, so that Chen Ping would not have to stay hidden in this small mountain village!
At that time, Chen Ping could also use the power of the Jade Tripod Sect to find out the whereabouts of Su Yuqi and Fire Phoenix!
Most importantly, after he had gained strength, he could also find a way to help the Yih Demon Emperor unify the Three Emperors and Four Kings, so that Chen Ping would have the rule of almost the entire Beast Race, and it would be much easier for him to make his mark in the Celestial Realm!
Seeing that Chen Ping was hesitating, Nie Heng felt that there was a chance, and with excitement in his heart, he hurriedly said, “As long as you let me go, I will be your dog from now on, and I will do whatever you tell me to do.”
“I know you don’t trust me, I can hand over a strand of my life soul, and as long as I have second thoughts, you can let me die at any time.”
Nie Heng was continuing to increase his chips, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to impress Chen Ping.
Because he was really scared, scared to death, looking at the dying Wu Feiyu by his side, Nie Heng was scared from the bottom of his heart!
“How do you know that your master will take me on if I kill your master brother?”
“And there’s still some conflict between me and your master, your master has kneeled down to me ……”
Chen Ping spilled the beans on what happened between following Patriarch Hu!
When Nie Heng heard that his master had kneeled to Chen Ping, he also felt very shocked!
But soon, Nie Heng said, “My master is particularly greedy, he asked us to bring you back alive, so he must have taken a fancy to the treasures on you.”
“You can offer the treasures to him for now, I’ll just give you a few good words, as for killing my master brother, my master won’t care, by the time I become the Jade Tripod Sect’s Patriarch, won’t those treasures come back to you just the same?”
I have to say that this fellow Nie Heng’s mind was turning fast enough, he could have no limits anyway in order to stay alive!
Hearing Nie Heng’s suggestion, Chen Ping was indeed moved, and after a moment of hesitation, Chen Ping fiercely reached out and slapped his hand towards Nie Heng’s head!
Only Chen Ping didn’t want to slap Nie Heng to death, instead he directly sucked out a wisp of Nie Heng’s life-soul and subsequently put it into the direct vast sea of consciousness!
As long as this Nie Heng dared to disobey, Chen Ping could easily strangle this Nie Heng’s life-soul!
When Nie Heng saw that Chen Ping had sucked out a strand of his own life-soul, he let out a long sigh of relief, knowing that Chen Ping had let him go!
Sure enough, after sucking away Nie Heng’s life-soul, Chen Ping waved his hand and cut the rope around Nie Heng’s body, setting him free!
“Your arms and legs are broken, stay here for a few days to recuperate, I can let you recover, and we’ll go to the Jade Tripod Sect together at that time!”
Chen Ping said to Nie Heng!
“All at Mr. Chen’s disposal ……”
Nie Heng said respectfully!
But after releasing Nie Heng, Chen Ping always had to follow the old village chief and his men to have an explanation!
“Old Village Chief, this Nie Heng he …………”
Chen Ping wanted to explain after the old village chief that this Nie Heng was still useful to him!
But before he could finish his words, the old village chief waved his hand and said “Chen Ping, we know your intentions, it’s okay, besides, this Nie Heng has never personally killed one of our villagers, you don’t need to have a burden in your heart ……”
“One Wu Fei Yu is enough, besides, the main force of Da Qing Village was also killed by you, in a few days I will bring people to Da Qing Village, and move all the resources of Da Qing Village back!”
Seeing how generous the old village chief was, Chen Ping could only say thank you gratefully.
Next, Chen Ping refined Black Jade Breakage Ointment and put it on Nie Heng’s limbs so that his limbs could recover quickly!