Chen Ping, on the other hand, soared into the sky and rushed straight out from the ground!
The blow that had just been dealt, although terrifying, did not cause much damage to Chen Ping!
“Looks like, it’s still quite bluffing, just don’t know, is it resistant to beating ……”
Chen Ping turned to the Mu Family Ancestor and said with disdain!
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a dazzling golden light instantly erupted from his body!
The Unbreakable Golden Body activated, and Chen Ping’s entire body was like a golden armoured god of war!
Holding his sword in his right hand and raising it high in the air, Chen Ping directly rushed towards that Mu Family’s old ancestor!
Chen Ping’s speed was so fast that the crowd could only see a golden shadow left behind in the void!
“Ignorant little child ……”
The Mu Clan’s old ancestor opened his mouth, staring at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
Boom!
Only to see the Mu Clan’s old ancestor suddenly stretch out a huge palm, which unexpectedly transformed into countless black breath condensed palms, grabbing at Chen Ping from all directions!
Chen Ping, however, ignored these huge palms and instead held the Dragon Slashing Sword as he flew towards that Mu Family’s old ancestor!
Chen Ping was as small as a mole cricket in front of the Mu Family Ancestor!
However, Chen Ping did not have the slightest fear!
With the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand, he made a smooth chop, and a sword awn shot out!
There was no stance, nor any fancy movements, only a vigorous chop!
Boom!
The terrifying sword aura, containing rolling sword intent, headed towards the Mu Clan Ancestor like a wave!
The Mu Clan’s old ancestor gazed at Chen Ping and then let out a cold snort!
This cold snort was filled with disdain and contempt!
The Mu Family Ancestor gently exhaled, and a grey shield violently appeared!
This shield blocked in front of the sword mane!
Rumble …………
The swordmans stood on top of that shield and instantly erupted in a deafening sound!
The shield instantly crumbled and disappeared under the heavy impact of the swordmans.
As for Chen Ping’s sword awn, it similarly weakened and finally disappeared in front of that Mu Family’s old ancestor!
This sword was considered a test for both sides!
Chen Ping and that Mu Family’s old ancestor looked at each other across the sky!
“Junior, you dare to kill someone from my Mu Family, do you know that what you are doing will bring you the disaster of extermination?”
The Mu Family’s old ancestor said in a low, muffled voice!
“The plague of extermination?”
Chen Ping burst into a cold laugh, “You deserve it too?”
“How dare you……”
The Mu Clan’s old ancestor was furious and fiercely blasted down with a palm!
This palm, surprisingly, contained countless thunderbolts, the power of thunder in this was enough to shake the heavens and move the earth!
“Thunder power, I like it ……”
When Chen Ping saw this, he immediately smiled!
Only to see Chen Ping not moving in place, the lightning origin within his body began to operate, and the origin stars within the origin space flashed with a dazzling light!
Around Chen Ping’s body, lightning also began to flicker.
Seeing this, the Mu Clan’s old ancestor directly swung his palm down, and countless thunderbolts ruthlessly cleaved towards Chen Ping!
Trousers ……
Trousers ……
A thunderbolt struck Chen Ping’s body, sending out rolling white smoke!
Chen Ping did not dodge, the Origin Star emitted a terrifying suction force, directly absorbing that ring power continuously!
The Thunderbolt Origin Star within the Origin Space also began to flicker continuously, growing brighter and brighter!
The more lightning there was, the more lightning origin Chen Ping absorbed!
These seemingly terrifying thunderbolts were rare resources in Chen Ping’s eyes.
However, no one knew this, and all were dumbfounded when they saw Chen Ping being struck by countless thunderbolts, his entire body smouldering!
Especially Ji Yun, when he saw Chen Ping in this state, his eyes turned red and his fists clenched, intending to fight to save Chen Ping!
The corners of the Mu Clan’s old ancestor’s mouth rose slightly, he knew that no one could survive under these countless thunderbolts!
“So comfortable …………”
Just as Chen Ping was wrapped in those thunderbolts, he suddenly cried out!
The Mu Clan’s old ancestor, who had originally had the corners of his mouth slightly raised, suddenly had his smile frozen on his face!