Inside a huge and bright palace, Chen Ping was lying on the ground covered in blood!
At this moment Chen Ping’s body was very weak, his eyes were tightly closed and he was in a coma!
In front of the palace, on top of a golden throne, a sculpture of a human head with a fish tail was placed on it.
The sculpture was alive and well, like a real fish-man, and held a harpoon like weapon in his hand.
I don’t know how anyone could have put up such a sculpture in this place.
And all around the palace, there were large and small beast pellets covered, each one flickering with a faint light.
At this moment, a white light suddenly flashed in the mid-air of the palace, followed by the appearance of a 10-meter-long jiao snake, whose expression was still somewhat painful, and after entering the palace, it took a look at the unconscious Chen Ping but paid no attention to it!
After a few moments, the snake opened its bloody mouth and a beastly pellet slowly flew out of the snake’s mouth.
The beast’s pellet fell to the ground, and after losing the pellet, the jiao snake’s body began to struggle in pain, but soon the body slowly disappeared and finally flew into dust and smoke, leaving no trace of it, only the beast’s pellet remained on the ground!
Chen Ping had been unconscious for a whole day and night, and during this day and night, dozens of various demonic beasts had come to this palace, and after spitting out their own beast pills, they would fly into dust and smoke without a trace.
On top of the Dragon Locking Island, Zhu Zhishan did not leave with the crowd and kept watch on the shore, not seeing Chen Ping’s corpse, Zhu Zhishan was always unsure of himself!
But it had been a day and two nights already, and still Chen Ping’s body could not be seen surfacing, which made Zhu Zhishan’s heart more and more uneasy!
“Lord Zhu, that Chen Ping definitely won’t survive, we’ve been guarding this place and many people are starting to get a little discontent ……”
Long Xiao said to Zhu Zhishan with some displeasure.
After all, they were here for the trial, while Long Xiao wanted to take advantage of the trial to absorb the strength of those people!
Now that he had been staying on the shore, Long Xiao couldn’t find any opportunity at all!
Those who had come to take part in the trial were also disgruntled, only that no one dared to speak up due to the strength of the Martial Alliance.
“They are dissatisfied, so let’s start with this seaside trial first ……”
Zhu Zhishan said coldly.
“Try out what from here?”
Long Xiao was puzzled, there was nothing here, what to try out?
Zhu Zhishan did not say anything, but took out the black bead from his arms, slowly put the bead inside the seawater, followed by chanting the words under his mouth!
In a few moments, the sea began to boil, and from a distance, waves could be seen coming in one after another!
Beneath the waves, many large, dark figures could be seen!
Everyone was stunned and rushed to the shore to watch the sudden appearance of the sea!
“Roar …………”
Suddenly, a huge demonic beast rose up from the water and let out a roar of rage!
“I have now recruited several demonic beasts, you can now try them out, whoever kills this demonic beast, the beast pellet will be theirs ……”
Zhu Zhishan said indifferently to the crowd.
When the crowd heard this, they were excited and picked up their weapons and leapt towards the demonic beasts ……
Zhu Zhishan did this to calm the crowd, and another point was to get the crowd to fight the demonic beasts, to muddy up the sea water in this area so that Chen Ping could not hide at the bottom of the sea, and if Chen Ping died, such a stirring would also bring Chen Ping’s body to the surface!
Soon, the crowd followed the demonic beasts in a battle, and the whole shore of the sea was rippled with waves, and the chain of dragon islands all began to shake continuously amidst this melee.