“You come with me ……”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace finished speaking to Chen Ping and turned around to walk into the large hall!
Chen Ping also followed without hesitation!
Although the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace had already recovered her physical body, Chen Ping still remembered that at that time, she was merely a wisp of soul and was still just a Holy Maiden of Guanghan Palace!
After entering the main hall, the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace then struck out a spiritual force that directly surged into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping did not dodge and allowed that spiritual energy to enter his body!
“Although you have broken through that Elder Mu’s ice seal, however, you have also accumulated too much coldness within your body, it will have an impact on your subsequent cultivation, I have now removed the coldness from your body already.”
The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace said to Chen Ping!
“You know about me?”
Chen Ping was somewhat surprised!
After all, he had changed his appearance and it had been such a long time, it was so possible that the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master would recognise him!
“Of course, I will never forget Mr Chen’s great kindness.”
“Although you have changed your appearance, there is no way to change your aura, if I didn’t know it was you, how could I possibly make a move to stop it!”
The Broad Cold Palace Lord said with a faint smile!
“Palace Master, I am a bit surprised, how did that one elder, dare to contradict you?”
Chen Ping couldn’t figure it out, it was too outrageous for an elder to contradict the Palace Lord after him!
“Ai!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace sighed and signalled Chen Ping to sit down, then slowly said “Don’t you find that none of the disciples within the gates of this Guanghan Palace of mine have very high strength?”
“After the Blood Demon remodelled my physical body for me and allowed me to rebuild the Guanghan Palace, I did manage to enlist some of the Guanghan Palace disciples who had strayed around.”
“But most of them are newly recruited disciples, for Guanghan Palace to grow, it must have resources.”
“There’s no way, that’s why I thought of letting the outer disciples look for a Dao Couple, many male cultivators came in droves, as long as they find a suitable Dao Couple, then this male cultivator can also be used for my Guanghan Palace, and their resources will become my Guanghan Palace’s as well.”
“As for this Elder Mu, she also came for my Guang Han Palace’s Ice System Technique, I also happen to use her identity to follow the Mu Family to establish a connection, and I can obtain some resources from the Mu Family.”
“And all of the Mu Family’s male cultivators are practising fire techniques, so when the time comes to follow our Broad Cold Palace’s female disciples in dual cultivation, we can quickly raise our cultivation.”
“Speaking of which, we’re just using each other, there’s no real hierarchy, so this Elder Mu isn’t afraid of me!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace explained helplessly!
As Chen Ping listened, he also felt the bitterness and helplessness of the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace!
Having just remodelled her physical body, she had to rebuild the Broad Cold Palace and had to find ways to gather resources for the development of the Broad Cold Palace!
This was tantamount to the fact that the Broad Cold Palace was definitely the most difficult at the stage when it was just starting out!
“Then for my sake, wouldn’t Palace Master have offended the Mu Family?”
Chen Ping was a little embarrassed!
If he had known that this was the case, he wouldn’t have killed that Mu Kui and brought so much trouble to the Broad Cold Palace!
“For the sake of Mr Chen, not to mention offending a Mu Family, even if I offend in many people, it would be worth it, if it wasn’t for Mr Chen, I am now afraid that that wisp of my soul would have long disappeared, and this Heavenly Human Realm would never have the Guang Han Palace in it.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace did not regret it!
This time, Chen Ping was even more embarrassed, originally he was planning to ask for the Heavenly Demon Stone and leave, how could he leave now?
“Palace Master, what is this Broad Cold Palace Polar Journey all about? If I can help, I am more than happy to do so.”
Chen Ping asked to the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace!
Since he had caused so much trouble for the Guanghan Palace, Chen Ping always had to do something for others before leaving, it would be too inhuman to take the Heavenly Demon Stones and pat his arse and walk away!
Seeing Chen Ping asked about the trip to the pole, Guanghan Palace Palace Master hesitated a little, then shook his head and said “Mr Chen, you still don’t want to go to the pole, did you come to Guanghan Palace to get the Heavenly Demon Stone, I will give you the Heavenly Demon Stone, you better leave!”