“Pavilion Master Qian, you’ve been in the Southern Region for many years, and the terrain in this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain must also be very well known.”
“I have a map here that has a place in the Southern Domain marked on it, I wonder if Pavilion Master Qian knows where this is?”
Chen Ping took out the map that he had obtained from Luo Ta’s storage bag!
Pavilion Master Qian looked at the map in Chen Ping’s hand and then noticed the place marked with a red circle on the map!
Upon seeing this place, Pavilion Master Qian’s brows visibly furrowed!
“Mr Chen, where did you get this map from?”
Pavilion Master Qian asked!
Chen Ping hesitated for a moment, not knowing how to explain after Pavilion Master Qian, after all, Chen Ping was not very clear about the identity of Na Luota!
Seeing Chen Ping’s hesitation, Pavilion Master Qian knew that he had asked what he shouldn’t have asked so he said, “The place where the circle is drawn is a forbidden place in the Southern Domain, there have been no cultivators in that place for many years!
In the past, there was an ancient city in that area, but after the God-Devil War, the ancient city was destroyed and everyone died!”
“Pavilion Master Qian, then why has this area become a forbidden land?”Chen Ping was very puzzled!
After all, when the Celestial Realm was in the Divine and Demonic War, many cities were destroyed and tens of thousands of cultivators died, so why did this place become forbidden?
“That place is very strange, there were once cultivators who travelled there, but all of them went without a return, and even the people couldn’t be found.”
“After a long time, it became a forbidden place, no one is travelling there, after all, that place is located at the border of the Southern Region, there are no resources whatsoever.”
Pavilion Master Qian said!
Chen Ping listened to Pavilion Master Qian’s words and looked at the markings on the map, his expression unable to calm down for a long time!
The map on that Luo Ta’s body could not have marked this place for no reason!
And now that this place was even a forbidden place, there must be some secret there!
Originally, Chen Ping still wanted to use the resources on his body to cultivate for a period of time before saying so, but now that he heard that this place was so mysterious, Chen Ping’s heart throbbed!
Looking at Chen Ping in that manner, Pavilion Master Qian hurriedly said, ”Mr Chen, you don’t want to go to that place, do you? I advise you not to go, besides that place is very barren, there are no resources at all, it’s not worth the risk.”
However, the more Pavilion Master Qian said this, the more Chen Ping wanted to go!
“Pavilion Master Qian, thank you for reminding me, I just want to go over and take a casual look.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly pulled out a storage pouch, which was filled with resources looted from the Mu Family!
“Please, Pavilion Master Qian, help me deliver these resources to the Guanghan Palace.”
Chen Ping had obtained quite a few resources from those people from the Demon Sealing Alliance alone, so the snatching of the Mu Family’s resources was for the sake of the Guanghan Palace!
Seeing Chen Ping say this, the Qian Pavilion Master did not dissuade him anymore, and after receiving the storage bag, he nodded, “Don’t worry, Mr Chen, I will hand the things over to the Guanghan Palace.”
Chen Ping left from the Wantong Pavilion Branch Pavilion and asked Ji Yun to wait for him in South End City while he travelled alone to the place circled on the map!
This place was not particularly far from South End City, so there was no need to take a flying boat!
There was another point, Chen Ping did not want to be too flashy, after all, travelling to that place by airship would be too conspicuous!
If this so-called forbidden place really hid any resources, relics, Chen Ping quietly went, then he would be able to take possession of it!
Knowing too many people was not a good thing!
After bidding farewell to Ji Yun, Chen Ping then began to set off!
Although the Heavenly Demon Mountain had many demonic cultivators and there were quite a few demonic beasts, Chen Ping had been to this place many times and was very familiar with some of the places, so he was not afraid!
Coupled with Chen Ping’s current strength, those ungrateful demonic cultivators or demonic beasts looking for trouble were just looking for their own death!
The fifth rank of the Mahayana realm was already no match for Chen Ping, so what else was Chen Ping afraid of!
In the entire Celestial Realm, there weren’t many cultivators above the fifth level of the Mahayana Realm, and the peak of the Mahayana Realm was almost invincible!
Like those Immortalisation realm cultivators, they have long since stopped asking about the world, concentrating on cultivation, waiting to ascend to Immortality, where else would they go around showing their faces!