Deacon Lu’s words made Chen Ping stare, it looked like the situation followed what he had expected.
That Song Qingping really wasn’t what he appeared to be, this fellow was very ambitious.
“Deacon Lu, what exactly has happened to the Demon Spirit Sect?”
Chen Ping asked Deacon Lu to speak clearly!
Deacon Lu sighed and said, “That Song Qingping killed the Patriarch a long time ago, and has been secretly controlling the Demon Spirit Sect, cultivating his own cronies, and now the time is ripe, this is to annex our Demon Spirit Sect.”
As Deacon Lu was speaking, several senior members of the Demon Spirit Sect had already caught up behind him!
Upon seeing Chen Ping, several of them were slightly stunned, and one of them pointed at Deacon Lu and said, “Deacon Lu, behave yourself and follow us back, this is the Vice Patriarch’s wish, or else we will have to be ungracious.”
“Hmph, you traitors, the Patriarch treated you well back then, and now that the Patriarch has been killed, you don’t say anything about avenging the Patriarch, but you even act as traitors.”
Deacon Lu opened his mouth at a few of the senior members and cursed!
In a hurry, the senior members of the Demon Spirit Sect also had ugly faces, after all, no one wanted to be scolded as a traitor!
“Deacon Lu, we also just want to stay alive, I hope you won’t give us a hard time.”
The senior slowly walked towards Deacon Lu!
Deacon Lu gritted his teeth and took a desperate stance!
“You are originally from the same clan, how can you turn around and kill each other? Just because of that one Song Qingping?”
Chen Ping said as he stepped forward and blocked in front of Deacon Lu.
When that Demon Spirit Sect senior saw this, his face turned slightly cold as he said, “Chen Ping, this is our Demon Spirit Sect’s family matter, it has nothing to do with you, so you better not interfere.”
“I am now in a cooperative relationship with the Demon Spirit Sect, so of course I have to interfere when something happens to the Demon Spirit Sect.”
“Now you guys get back and tell that Song Qingping that I’ve come to take his dog’s life.”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
Seeing Chen Ping say this, the faces of those few Demon Spirit Sect executives all turned ugly!
“D*mn it, didn’t you hear what Mr. Chen said?”
Jiang Wei cursed, and immediately afterwards, those Jiang Clan experts behind him surrounded those few Demon Spirit Sect executives with a clatter!
The few Demon Spirit Sect executives were scared silly at the sight!
They could have betrayed the clan in order to stay alive, but now that they were facing danger, several of them all turned pale!
If they really fought, the few of them would definitely not be a match!
“Alright, we will go back now and inform the Vice Patriarch.”
That Demon Spirit Sect senior nodded, then slowly retreated backwards!
Only when there were no more dangerous positions did they turn around and open the secret realm gate, walking straight in!
As those Demon Spirit Sect executives walked back, Deacon Lu suddenly knelt down to Chen Ping: “Thank you Mr. Chen for saving my life, I also hope that Mr. Chen can save our Demon Spirit Sect from the fire, many people are now being forced by that Song Qingping.”
“Deacon Lu, I will also get rid of that Song Qingping without you saying so.”
Chen Ping followed the Martial Dao Alliance, and behind the Martial Dao Alliance was the Demon Heart Sect, and Song Qingping was now going to lead the Demon Spirit Sect to submit to the Demon Heart Sect, there was no way Chen Ping would let him have his way.
“With this word from Mr. Chen, then our Demon Spirit Sect will be saved, I will take you into the secret realm ……”
“If the method of entering the secret realm is changed at the back, then we won’t be able to enter.”
After Deacon Lu finished speaking, he led Chen Ping and the others through the secret realm gate to the Demon Spirit Sect!
And at that moment, Ning Zhi, after dealing with a few of the Demon Spirit Sect’s senior members who had resisted him, took control of the entire Demon Spirit Sect!
Now he was even the true patriarch of the Demon Spirit Sect, and Song Qingping was still longing for his future, when the aura recovered and the Blood Demon resurrected, then the whole world would be theirs.
An excited Song Qingping returned to his room, Zhou Jie was by now lying on the floor exhausted, Zhou Jie had tried his best to break through the spell formation around the room, but he still couldn’t break out.