Chen Ping concentrated his mind and closed his breath, quietly absorbing the spiritual energy around him, and did not continue to dive. With this dense spiritual energy now, Chen Ping was sure that in a few days, he would definitely be able to raise one more realm.
But Chen Ping didn’t have much time to stay here to cultivate, the 15th of July was just around the corner, besides, Xiao Lan was still up there, that Xia Chao would definitely make a move on Xiao Lan.
After taking a short rest, Chen Ping began to dive downwards. As the depth of the dive became deeper and deeper, it should have become darker and darker, but surprisingly, it began to brighten up below.
Chen Ping frowned, knowing that this was the depth of the spring, what could be there?
When the black shadow came closer, Chen Ping realised that it was a tortoise. The tortoise’s armour was one metre square, and this was the first time Chen Ping had seen such a large tortoise.
The turtle’s eyes were looking at Chen Ping closely, with hostility in them, and on top of the turtle’s armour, there were some symbols that Chen Ping could not understand.
“Could it be that such a huge amount of spiritual energy was emitted by this tortoise?”
Chen Ping also looked closely at the turtle that had suddenly appeared, not moving a muscle.
After looking at Chen Ping twice, the tortoise suddenly turned its head and dived downwards, and did not attack Chen Ping, which made Chen Ping breathe a sigh of relief.
But Chen Ping followed closely, he wanted to see how the turtle had appeared this in the spring.
But Chen Ping had just swum a few metres when he saw that the tortoise had unexpectedly returned, but at this moment the symbols above the tortoise’s armour began to shine with a golden light.
Soon, the golden light filled the entire water, like a large net, wrapping Chen Ping in the middle.
“A formation?”
Chen Ping’s eyes instantly widened as he looked at the golden light flashing around him.
This was not one of those magicians’ techniques, but a true immortal’s technique, a real formation …………
How could someone lay a formation on top of a tortoise’s turtle armor?
Chen Ping was surprised, but also a little surprised, in the middle of this spring, someone had actually laid a formation on top of the turtle nail, so there must be extremely precious treasures here.
Chen Ping wanted to continue swimming downstream, but his body was wrapped in golden light, so he could not rush out at all, not to mention swimming downstream.
He couldn’t stay trapped here forever, could he?
With his eyes slightly narrowed, Chen Ping clenched his fist and swung fiercely towards the swimming turtle.
Chen Ping knew that as long as he killed the tortoise, the formation would naturally be broken.
The force of Chen Ping’s punch set off a column of water in the water, and then ruthlessly struck the turtle’s body.
Boom …………
After a loud sound, Chen Ping only felt a huge back thrust hit him, while the swimming turtle was unharmed.
Swish swish swish ……
Just after Chen Ping attacked the turtle, the formation on the turtle’s armor flashed golden light again, and several strokes of energy came towards Chen Ping, the strokes of energy formed a ripple for miles, and Chen Ping could clearly see the direction of the movement of the energy.
Only at this moment, Chen Ping was imprisoned here and had no way to dodge, so he could only use his strong body to resist the attacks of these several powerful qi.
A burst of pain came from his arm and Chen Ping looked to find that his arm had been cut and blood slowly flowed out, staining the surrounding spring.
However, the spring water, which was stained with Chen Ping’s blood, seemed to be imprisoned in the formation and could not be dispersed.
Chen Ping hastily covered his wound with his hand, and soon the wound slowly healed and no more blood flowed out, and the formation on the tortoise armour did not attack Chen Ping.
It only used the formation to control Chen Ping, so that he could not swim around in the spring.