It was only now that Shen Ji Zi had truly seen how terrifying Chen Ping was, that arrow just now, it was feared that even the ninth rank of the Transition Realm would have a hard time resisting it!
Shen Ji Zi looked at Chen Ping with a few moments of panic in his eyes!
He didn’t know, he had received so much money from Chen Ping, would Chen Ping ask for the money back in this unpopulated place?
Now if Chen Ping were to ask for it back, Shen Ji Zi probably wouldn’t even dare to fart!
Chen Ping glanced at the frozen Shen Ji Zi, faintly smiled and said, “Received my money, also have to help me work ah, come over to help dig ……”
“Good good good ……”
Shen Ji Zi hurriedly got up, then helped Chen Ping start digging downwards!
A wave of heat kept coming out from where they were digging!
Just as Chen Ping was digging after Shen Ji Zi, in a compound in South End City, Mu Yao was all in a sorry state, cursing angrily!
“Brat, if I run into you again, I will definitely break you into pieces.”
Mu Yao’s body was tattered and torn by the to fire, his face was black!
“Uncle Mu, Missy is here and has been waiting for you for half a day.”
At this time, a young man from the Mu Family came forward and whispered!
Upon hearing this, Mu Yao hurriedly walked towards the living room, not even having the time to change the clothes on his body!
Inside the living room, Mu Kui’s aunt sat with a grim face.
“Big Miss ……”
Seeing this, Mu Yao hurriedly went forward to salute!
Mu Kui’s aunt took a look at Mu Yao’s wretched appearance and her brows couldn’t help but wrinkle.
“Mu Yao, what have you done? And made such a mess?”
“This time, when I asked you to lead the team here, I had something to hand over to you, look at your current appearance?”
Aunt Mu Kui snapped!
Although Mu Yao was past his prime and very old, he was nothing more than a collateral line in the Mu family and did not have much status, which was why he was called by his name and yelled at!
It was important to know that in the family, only the direct line could assume the position of the family head and have a high status in the family!
Some of the more distant collateral lineages were not even as high as the butler’s status!
Mu Yao was reprimanded and only dared to lower his head, then told what happened to him one by one!
When that Aunt Mu Kui heard that Mu Yao was made to suffer so much by a third grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, and that the other party would also have the To Fire Origin, her eyes instantly narrowed together!
This was because she knew that Chen Ping’s strength was the third rank of the Transition Realm, and that he also possessed the To Fire Origin, and at that time, her Ice Sealing Technique was broken by Chen Ping using the To Fire Origin.
“The young man you met is the guy who killed Kui’er, his name is Chen Ping, and he is also the person that the Demon Sealing Alliance used a hundred years of offerings to put to death.”
Aunt Mu Kui said through gritted teeth!
“What? That’s him?”Mu Yao froze, “Missy brought us here to kill that guy, right?”
“Not bad, but you guys have to keep it a secret, after all, this guy is the one that the Demon Sealing Alliance has been offering to kill for a hundred years, if we let other people know about his identity, there will definitely be people who will fight us for it.”
“The other thing is that the Guanghan Palace is harbouring that fellow and flipping off our Mu Family, then we have to give the Guanghan Palace some colour too.”
“On this trip to the Polar Regions, apart from killing that Chen Ping, you guys also need to preempt the Guanghan Palace to find the resources of the Polar Regions and kill any Guanghan Palace disciple you see without amnesty ……”
Aunt Mu Kui, as an elder of the Broad Cold Palace, was at this moment giving a must kill order to the disciples of the Broad Cold Palace!
“Don’t worry, Eldest Miss, I know what to do!”
Mu Yao patted his chest and assured!
“Quickly go and change your clothes, what a disgrace to our Mu Family!”
After saying that, Aunt Mu Kui left!
Chen Ping, on the other side, was still following Shen Ji Zi and digging hard!
“It’s appeared, it’s appeared ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch roared with excitement!
Chen Ping also saw that several metres deep underground, a skull was quietly placed!