“Xiao’er, Zhu Zhishan is looking for me, it must be about resources, I will find a way to get some resources for you to come, you should rest at home for now ……”
Long Jingguo knew that the resources of the major clans and families were now being consumed very quickly, and now almost all the clans and families in the entire Kyoto martial arts world had joined the Martial Dao Alliance, so they would definitely be looking for resources from the Martial Dao Alliance.
After all, the Martial Law Alliance must fulfill the promise made at the beginning, otherwise it would definitely cause many clans to become discontented.
After Long Jingguo left, the soul inside Long Xiao immediately spoke, “You now think of a way to find that girl called Xiao Ru and capture her, the armor on this girl’s body is a holy relic.”
“And this girl’s body is different from normal people, if you can absorb this girl’s strength, I believe your strength will be even stronger.”
“Good, I will immediately send someone to investigate the whereabouts of this girl ……”
Long Xiao licked his lips, his eyes filled with searing heat.
On the other hand, Long Jingguo came to the Martial Alliance!
Zhu Zhishan was waiting for him with an anxious face at this moment.
“Alliance Master Zhu, you are looking for me ……”
Long Jingguo asked as he turned to Zhu Zhishan.
“Master Long, during this period of time, there are constantly sects and families, asking for resources from the Martial Dao Alliance, look at this matter …………”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Long Jingguo and did not finish his words, he was observing Long Jingguo’s reaction.
“Zhu alliance master, our Long family’s resources are also extremely limited now, even the Dragon Spring water is starting to dry up now, and there are no resources being taken out.”
Long Jingguo thought that Zhu Zhishan wanted the Long Family to take out resources, so he hurriedly said.
“Long Family Master, you misunderstood, I am not asking for your Long Family’s resources.” Zhu Zhishan waved his hand repeatedly, “I was thinking that there are thousands of beast pills within that Extreme Bliss City, can we go there one more time and take out some more of them so that the matter of resources will be resolved.”
“Lord Zhu, how can we still take out the beast pellets when that Dragon Locking Island has sunk and the Extreme Bliss City has collapsed?”
Long Jingguo asked in surprise.
“I think, even if the Extreme Bliss City collapses, but those beast pellets will definitely not disappear, it’s just that it’s a bit more dangerous to take out the beast pellets, it’s not that we can’t take them out.”
“I have prepared water-avoidance pearls, as long as there is enough time, the beast pills can definitely be taken out.”
Zhu Zhishan said.
Long Jingguo was silent for a moment, it looked like Zhu Zhishan had planned this long ago, calling himself here was just a notice.
Even if the City of Ultimate Bliss collapsed, it was still their Dragon Family’s resource place, which was why they had informed themselves.
“Since Lord Zhu is all set, then it will be fine to do what Lord Zhu has arranged, except that our Long Family cannot deploy our manpower for the time being ……”
Long Jingguo knew that it was very dangerous to do these things in the deep sea, although there were water avoidance pearls, it was impossible to stay underwater for a long time, he would not let his family’s experts, to do this dangerous thing.
Anyway, after the beast pills are taken out, their Long Family is going to take the big share, after all, this is the Long Family’s place of resources!
“Long Family Master, I have already prepared the candidates, your Long Family just needs to wait for the resources to be distributed.”
Zhu Zhishan said.
“Alright then, I’ll be waiting for good news from the Zhu Alliance Master then.”
Long Jingguo left from the Martial Alliance.
And Zhu Zhishan then gathered the four Xu Song people together and distributed water-avoiding pearls for the four of them to fetch the beast pills.
Although the four knew that this errand was dangerous, not to mention how difficult it would be to fetch the beast pills from the collapsed Extreme Bliss City at the bottom of the sea, just those fierce beasts in the sea, if they met them in the water, they would only be able to run for their lives!
At the bottom of the sea, it was the home turf of those demonic beasts, even if they were only Martial Zong strength demonic beasts, at the bottom of the sea, it would be very difficult for them, Martial Marquis, to deal with them.