Seeing that Xiao Feng was not dead and had even woken up, the crowd was all filled with surprise!
They couldn’t believe that Xiao Feng had taken the poison pill and didn’t die!
Looking at the situation just now, Xiao Feng was bound to die!
Is it possible that the poison pill can really cure you?
All of us here are pharmacists, of course we know that it is impossible to cure a disease with poisonous pills, but when Chen Ping gave Xiao Feng poisonous pills, Xiao Feng didn’t die, instead, the manic aura was gone!
One must know that this poison pill had been examined by the crowd and was indeed a poison pill!
“How is this possible?”
Su Tianshuo was somewhat in disbelief and directly dashed forward before striking out an aura into Xiao Feng’s body!
A few moments later, Su Tianshuo’s entire body dazedly stepped back!
“Really …… really cured?”
Su Tianshuo’s expression was a little dumbfounded!
Chen Wenliang, Zhong Yi, Ouyang Wu Feng …………
A number of pharmacists all gathered around and began to check Xiao Feng’s body!
They were eager to know if Xiao Feng had been cured!
If he was really cured, they could learn some lessons from it!
After all, the Apothecary Assembly was also meant for many Apothecaries to come together and learn from each other!
Xiao Yuanshan, on the other hand, watched from the sidelines, looking at his son, who was like a monkey, being surrounded and studied by the crowd!
“Strange, really strange, poison pills can even cure diseases?”
Zhong Qi looked incredulously at Chen Ping and said very respectfully, “Fellow Daoist, I wonder if you can tell me, how exactly did you do it?”
“Of course, every pharmacist has their own mastery, it doesn’t matter if you don’t want to say it ……”
Zhong Qi knew that every pharmacist would have their own mastery not to be spread out, even in the Pharmacist Assembly, the people were just exchanging and sparring with each other, but no one would take out their own mastery!
“Elder Zhong, in fact, this isn’t really my mastery, it’s just that I’ve seen this disease before, and none of you have!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
In the secular world, there were many mental illnesses, all kinds of them!
There are also many more that have split personalities like this one!
There were also people who were a man one time and a woman the next, it wasn’t rare at all.
But this kind of sickness, in the Celestial Realm that would be rare, so the many Pill Masters hadn’t seen it and didn’t know the cure!
“Pill Master Zhong, could it be that my son is really cured?”
Xiao Yuanshan asked to Zhong Yi with disbelief!
After all, Xiao Yuanshan trusted Zhong Yi’s reputation!
“Emperor Xiao, Prince Xiao has indeed gotten better under the old man’s probing, there is no more bloodthirsty aura on his body, although the aura in his body is a little weaker, but these are not major problems!”
Zhong Yi said!
Xiao Yuanshan excitedly looked towards Chen Ping and was very grateful, “Little brother, thank you, this favour of yours, I, Xiao Yuanshan, will remember it forever!”
After Xiao Yuanshan finished speaking, he hurriedly helped Xiao Feng, who was still in a daze, up!
After Xiao Feng opened his eyes, he saw that the crowd had surrounded him in a moment, and then all sorts of breaths kept travelling inside him, checking his body!
By now, Xiao Feng was still confused, not knowing whether he was dead or alive!
“Father, am …… I still alive?”
Xiao Feng looked at Xiao Yuan Shan blankly and asked!
“Son, you’re alive, you’re still alive, you’re already well, it’s fine.”
“It’s all my father’s fault, I shouldn’t have forcibly separated you and Ah Zhu, it’s me who lied to you, Miss Ah Zhu didn’t die, she’s been living in the western region.”
Xiao Yuanshan remembered Chen Ping’s advice and hurriedly followed Xiao Feng!
When Xiao Feng heard this, he directly froze, after a long time, tears came out of his eyes, “Father, don’t lie to me, is A Zhu really not dead?”
“Didn’t die, really didn’t die, after I go back, I will promise you to marry Miss Ah Zhu, after so many years I also understand, what door is right for the family, what famous family, all are bullsh*t.”
“As long as you can be well, nothing is a problem, I definitely won’t be meddling in your feelings in the future.”
Xiao Yuanshan’s face was filled with remorse, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping healing his son, Xiao Yuanshan was afraid that he would hate himself!