About an hour later, Chen Ping and Liu Rui arrived at the foot of the Kunlun Mountain Range!
At that moment, there were many martial artists gathered at the foot of the mountain, each with a look of panic on their faces!
Seeing the panic of the martial artists, Chen Ping was a bit surprised, not understanding what had happened here to make these martial artists look like this!
“Mr. Chen …………”
At this moment, someone suddenly shouted at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned and soon found a young man walking quickly towards him!
Chen Ping took a closer look and immediately recognized that the person coming was none other than Ginger Wei of the Northwest Ginger Family, knowing that behind the Northwest Ginger Family was the Tian Luo House in the Secret Realm.
“Brother Ginger, why are you here?”
Chen Ping asked with some surprise.
Even if there was a disturbance in the Kunlun Mountains, it was unlikely that the Ginger Clan would have received the message!
Ginger Wei looked at Chen Ping and sighed softly, “Ai, Mr. Chen doesn’t know, since the failure of the reiki recovery on Penglai Island, we, the secret advocate families, have been living a miserable life.”
“The Reiki recovery has failed, and those Secret Realm families can’t use us anymore, so they have abandoned us!”
“We used to rely on the resources of the Secret World families to support us, but now that there are no more people to provide resources, we can only look for resources everywhere!”
“We are no longer the same as we used to be. ……”
With Jiang Wei’s sigh, Hong Qianjiu from the Hong family in Eastern China, Qiao Zhiyong from the Qiao family in Northeast China, and Zhu Hao from the Zhu family in Southwest China also came forward!
They used to despise Chen Ping, especially that Zhu Hao, but since Penglai Island, they dare not disobey Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at these gentry, who used to be so popular, and felt a bit of emotion!
As the saying goes, if a rabbit dies, a dog will be cooked. If the revival of Aura fails, these families are useless and have become outcasts!
“Mr. Chen, these are your friends?”
Liu Rui looked at Ginger Wei and the others with some surprise and asked Chen Ping.
Because in Liu Rui’s eyes, these people were not very strong, so how could they be Chen Ping’s friends!
“Sort of. ……” Chen Ping nodded his head!
Liu Rui rolled her eyes and didn’t say anything else.
“The first time I saw you, I was in the middle of a battle.
Hong Qianjiu opened his mouth and asked.
Chen Ping nodded: “Not bad ……”
“Mr. Chen, you are too late, this place has been occupied, we are the ones who were driven down the mountain.”
Ginger Wei said helplessly.
“Overrun? What kind of people are so domineering?” Chen Ping was a bit shocked!
With so many martial artists around, which clan could be so arrogant!
“It seems that a clan called the Heavenly Thunder Sect, whose opponent is a Martial God, has just crushed many people to death just by using that Martial Saint’s Qi!”
Ginger Wei’s face was still tinged with fear as he talked about what had just happened!
“The Heavenly Thunder Sect?” Chen Ping frowned slightly!
“How dare this Heavenly Thunder Sect take over the relics of the Water Fairy Palace all by themselves?
Liu Rui said in anger after hearing this!
“In the martial arts world, if a sect has a Martial God expert, they are the grandfather!”
Ginger Wei sighed and said.
“Humph, what is a Martial God expert, as if there is no Martial God in other sects ……”
Liu Rui coldly snorted, because in the three sects and six schools of the Hidden Realm, there are all Martial Gods, and many of their disciples are Martial Gods!
Even a sect like the Pill Refining Sect, which focuses on refining pills, has many Martial Gods!
Seeing what Liu Rui said, several people from Jiang Wei all looked up at Liu Rui.
“Mr. Chen, is this lady a friend of yours? She sounds like she is also a Martial God ……”
Ginger Wei asked to Chen Ping. –