The entire community is built on the only hill in Hong Kong, with a beautiful view and exceptionally good air quality!
The people who can live here are either rich or noble, all upper cla*s people, ordinary people can’t afford to pay even the property fees, not to mention living in the district!
“Mr. Su, this …… house is too expensive, you’d better take it back!”
Chen Ping hurriedly wanted to return the key.
“Mr. Chen don’t have to push back, does it mean that one of my lives is not worth a house?”
Su Wenzong said with a faint smile.
When Su Wenzong said so, Chen Ping could only accept it, and Su Wenzong took out another bank card and gave it to Chen Ping, containing ten million dollars.
Chen Ping knew he could not resist, so he could only put the card in his pocket too!
Just as Chen Ping was about to say goodbye, there was a loud noise coming from downstairs!
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
Seeing Chen Ping’s frown, Su Wenzong immediately called the hotel manager over.
“What’s going on here? So noisy?”
Su Wenzong questioned.
“Mr. Su, today is the wedding of Mr. Xiao of the Xiao family, and the wedding banquet is being held in the banquet hall on the first floor, that’s why it’s so noisy!”
The manager hurriedly followed Su Wenzong and explained.
After all, his hotel was a business, and it was inevitable for people to get married and make some noise!
“Mr. Su, goodbye!”
Chen Ping arched his hand to Su Wenzong and walked out of the private room!
Just after Chen Ping had gone downstairs, he came across Xiao Lei carrying his bride Geng Shanshan into the hotel.
Upon seeing Chen Ping, Xiao Lei was stunned, but then burst out laughing, “Chen Ping, I didn’t expect you to really come to our wedding, did you want to come here to get some food and drinks?”
Chen Ping gave Xiao Lei a cold sweeping glance and did not say a word as he turned sideways to leave!
“Don’t go!” Xiao Lei blocked Chen Ping’s way and said with a face full of mockery, “Take a look at your ex-girlfriend, isn’t she pretty now? Don’t you have anything to say to her?”
Xiao Lei was deliberately making a fool of Chen Ping!
“Brother Lei, ignore him, the time is almost up!”
Geng Shanshan, who was in Xiao Lei’s arms, didn’t even look at Chen Ping and said to Xiao Lei in a delicate manner.
“Xiao Lei, don’t bother with this punk, we can’t miss the time, you guys go into the hall first, I’ll get rid of this punk!”
Jia Mei Mei urged at Xiao Lei, and then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Are you finished with this guy? How dare you chase me to the hotel? With your mangy appearance, can my daughter see you? Don’t take a P*ss and look at yourself, get lost and don’t try to make trouble here!”
Jia Mei’s words were so harsh and sarcastic that they were heartbreaking!
The surrounding friends and relatives were all exchanging pleasantries and laughing at Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a clown, being laughed at by the crowd!
“One day, you will all kneel at my feet and beg me!”
Chen Ping suppressed the anger in his heart and pushed aside Xiao Lei who was blocking the way, then walked outwards!
“Stop him!” Xiao Lei frowned, “Today you have to participate even if you want to, or even if you don’t, I’m going to make you, a punk, watch your girlfriend marry me with your own eyes!”
As soon as Xiao Lei spoke, several bald men immediately stopped Chen Ping, they had been beaten up in Chen Ping’s house and still had grievances in their hearts, now it was time to take revenge on Chen Ping!
Looking at the bald men fiercely stopping him, Chen Ping slowly looked back at Xiao Lei: “Are you sure you want me to attend your wedding?”
“Good, I am letting you watch with your own eyes, I want you to know that you are not worthy to fight me ……”
Xiao Lei’s face was full of cold smiles.
“Well, if I attend, your wedding will not be held!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and turned around to walk into the wedding banquet hall on the first floor, which had over a hundred tables inside!
“Hahahaha, I’d like to see how you can make my wedding not happen!” Xiao Lei laughed out loud, he did not believe Chen Ping’s threats, but in order to prevent Chen Ping from causing trouble and disturbing the crowd’s enjoyment, Xiao Lei said to the bald man, “Bald man, take a few more men with you and follow Chen Ping well, if he dares to come back, arrest him immediately!”
“Don’t worry, Sir Xiao, I’ll take care of this matter!”
Baldy nodded, his eyes had a few more strands of coldness in them, he was just about to seek revenge on Chen Ping!
Inside the marriage hall, Chen Ping found a corner and sat down, the people who could attend the wedding of the Xiao family’s grandson were either rich or noble, all of them were dignitaries in Hong City, ordinary people like Chen Ping were not qualified to attend!
So Chen Ping’s appearance caused many of the guests in the hall to cast strange glances, it seemed out of place for a young man full of ordinary clothes to suddenly appear at such a luxurious wedding venue!
But soon, Chen Ping’s identity spread among the many guests, and this time there were even more glances towards Chen Ping, most of them with playful mockery, and some with sympathy!
But Chen Ping didn’t care about these stares, sitting alone in a corner, eating the dried fruit on the table, without a trace of expression on his face!
Bald Head, on the other hand, was standing behind Chen Ping with a dozen or so men, watching closely, and he would not hesitate to strike if Chen Ping dared to make a move!
“Yell, isn’t this Chen Ping? When did he get out of jail?”
A voice tinged with mockery rang out, Chen Ping looked up and found a woman dressed alluringly with heavy make-up walking towards Chen Ping, with a youth following by that woman’s side!
The woman’s voice instantly caught the attention of the surrounding guests, who at first only thought that Chen Ping was the bride’s ex-boyfriend who had come over to see his girlfriend’s last face, but did not expect that Chen Ping had also been in jail, which made the surrounding guests even more interested in Chen Ping.