“After going to the cemetery and coming back crazy, this is mostly just a ghost haunting the body, there is no big problem ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“If Mr. Chen can cure it, I’ll tell this old friend of mine now, so he can bring his wife to meet Mr. Chen ……”
Gu Wentian happily took out his mobile phone and prepared to call!
Chen Ping waved his hand and stopped Gu Mantian saying, “Ancient is not in a hurry, this kind of thing is best seen at night, ancient tells me the address, after work, I will just go there myself ……”
“That’s really a bother to Mr. Chen ……” Ancient thanked him repeatedly!
“It’s just a handful, I begged ancient to find the spirit pen, it’s still the same trouble for you ……”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
“Mutual help, don’t even polite each other, the food will be cold in a while ……”
Su Wenzong spoke up, otherwise there’s no telling how long the two would have to be polite!
After eating, Chen Ping was sent back to the office by Su Yuqi!
“Chen Ping, I’ll pick you up in the evening and go with you, I’ve never come across a ghost possession before!”
Su Yuqi said as she followed Chen Ping with some excitement!
“You’re not afraid?” Chen Ping saw Su Yuqi’s excited look and asked in a slightly playful manner.
“Afraid of what ah, is not you in it, but I know, you guys are highly skilled in medicine, are able to invoke ghosts to suppress the soul, some children were scared to cry at night, some doctors two incantations will be fine, no injections and no medicine ……”
Su Yuqi said indifferently.
Chen Ping smiled and did not say anything more, he knew that when Su Yuqi really saw it, she might have to be scared half to death!
When Chen Ping got out of the car, Su Yuqi drove straight away and left, while upstairs, Wang Hanhan was still standing by the window, she had been waiting for Chen Ping to return, she wanted to see who this girl really was!
Only this time she likewise didn’t get a good look, she only saw Chen Ping walking down from the car with a smile on his face!
When Chen Ping returned to the sales department, he saw that Wang Han Han was in a slightly off mood, so he asked, “Han Han, what’s wrong with you?”
“Nothing!” Wang Han Han didn’t look at Chen Ping, but just tried hard to squeeze out a smile before leaving!
Chen Ping didn’t care too much either, and went straight to his workstation to work!
In the afternoon, the Su Group head office issued a document, which was placed directly on General Manager Xing Jun’s desk!
Looking at the contents of the document, Xing Jun’s face became extremely ugly and grim!
The document was about a personnel adjustment, Chen Ping would become the chairman of Xin Yu Rihua, effective next Monday!
In this way, Chen Ping would become Xing Jun’s top boss!
“Why, why …………”
Xing Jun looked at the contents of the document and hissed loudly, tearing the document straight to pieces!
“Mr. Xing, what’s wrong …………”
The secretary heard the commotion and hurriedly ran in!
“Get out, get the hell out of here ……”
Xing Jun yelled at the secretary and scolded him straight away!
At this moment, Xing Jun’s entire person was as if he had fallen into madness, and his eyes were somewhat scarlet.
“Chen Ping, it’s all because of you, it’s all because of you, I’m going to kill you …………”
Xing Jun gritted his teeth, he was a highly talented student who had been in the Su family for so many years, but he was defeated by a reformed prisoner!
Xing Jun was not convinced, at this moment his heart had long since become extremely twisted!
After a good half day, Xing Jun’s emotions slowly calmed down, looking at the documents that had long been torn to shreds by himself, he slowly opened his drawer!
At this moment, in Xing Jun’s drawer, a pistol was clearly placed inside!
Looking at the pistol in front of him, Xing Jun seemed to be making a difficult decision!
Slowly picking up the pistol, Xing Jun stroked the cold body of the gun and inwardly made up his mind!