“It’s just the soul that’s incomplete, it’s fine now.”
The Blood Demon said indifferently.
Ge Yuhan got up and looked at Chen Ping and the others somewhat bewildered, at this moment she had some impression of Chen Ping but it was as if she didn’t know anything!
Seeing this, Ge Fuhai and Ge Jiayi hurriedly took Ge Yuhan away, Ge Yuhan still remembered Ge Fuhai, after all, they were all Ge family!
“Young man, how is it? Have you thought about it yet, do you want me to pa*s on your heart techniques and teach you martial arts, or do you want any divine weapons?”
The Blood Demon asked Chen Ping.
But who knew that Chen Ping shook his head.
When it came to martial arts, his Heart Condensation Technique was a superior Immortal Technique, and when it came to divine weapons, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand was also a top-grade spiritual sword!
Seeing Chen Ping shake his head, the Blood Devil frowned slightly, “What exactly do you want?”
“None of us want it, I just want to know who my father is, can you help me?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at the Blood Demon.
“That’s not so simple, you force out a drop of essence blood!”
The Blood Devil said casually.
Seeing this, Chen Ping frowned, and from his brow, a drop of essence blood slowly seeped out and ended up floating in the air!
The Blood Demon stretched out a finger and then gently touched it on that drop of essence blood!
That drop of essence blood was instantly sucked into the Blood Demon’s body!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping saw the Blood Demon’s face change wildly, from surprise, to shock, to finally fear …………
At this point even the Blood Devil’s breathing had become much more rapid!
This moment, confused Chen Ping a little bit, he did not understand how this blood devil will appear this kind of expression.
It was only after a while that the Blood Devil let out a long breath!
Cold sweat had already covered his forehead!
“Senior Blood Devil, do you know who my father is yet?”
Chen Ping hurriedly asked.
The Blood Demon nodded, this made Chen Ping happy, he had long wanted to know who his father really was and what his identity was, why did many people call him the son of a dragon?
Could it be that his own father was really a dragon?
But just as Chen Ping was waiting for the Blood Demon to answer him, the Blood Demon slowly spoke, “I kind of know why that old devil pa*sed on your Holy Light Fist, this old fellow must have seen something too.”
“I know who your father is, but I can’t say, but I can tell you one thing, your father is a figure that I can’t even look up to ……”
When Chen Ping heard this, he was directly frozen, because in his eyes, this Blood Demon was just like a god, the Blood Demon was so capable that with a casual wave of his hand, the entire secular world was afraid to disappear!
And his own father was a figure that the Blood Demon could not even look up to?
Then who was his own father?
Just as Chen Ping was thinking, the Blood Demon suddenly frowned, his face very ugly and his expression grim!
“Senior Blood Devil, what’s wrong with you?”
Chen Ping hurriedly asked.
“The power of this Heaven and Earth Law is too perverse, it’s suppressing me so much that I can’t even breathe.”
Blood Devil said with a frown.
Now that the divine altar was destroyed and the aura recovery had disappeared, the stronger a person like Blood Devil was, the more he would be suppressed by the laws of heaven and earth, and if Blood Devil stayed in this secular world for a long time, he was afraid that his entire cultivation would be ruined!
“I cultivate an immortal method as well, why can’t I feel the power of the laws of heaven and earth?”
Chen Ping was wondering why he was also an immortal cultivator, yet he could not feel the suppression of the power of the laws of heaven and earth?
“Are you kidding, with your bloodline, the laws of heaven and earth are nothing, it dares ……”
The blood devil seemed to feel that he was about to say something and put the brakes on hastily, hurrying to say, “I am going to leave here, if we are destined to, I hope to see you in the Celestial Human Realm ……”
With that, the Blood Devil grabbed one hand towards the void, surprisingly tearing the space directly, revealing a black hole.
“You come with me, you won’t survive here either, I’ll help you recover your flesh when you have the chance.”
The Blood Devil said, taking the soul of the Saint Maiden of Guang Han Palace with him, and jumped straight into the black hole!
“Hey …… Senior Blood Demon, what is the Celestial Realm?”
Chen Ping wanted to ask what the Celestial Human Realm was and where it was, but the Blood Demon had long since disappeared and the black hole had also disappeared.