Chen Ping also bowed deeply and saluted, no matter how this old Taoist was, but right now, only he could save Chen Ping and the others!
At this moment, the hunchbacked old man stared at Daoist Wuji dead in the face, “Old Daoist Wuji, I am the Demon Sealing Alliance’s ……”
Daoist Wuji then directly interrupted and said, “I don’t care what kind of Demon Sealing Alliance you have, those who dare to bully my disciple will be killed without pardon, especially you from the Demon Sealing Alliance deserve to die even more ……”
After saying that, Daoist Wuji blasted out with a fist!
With just this punch, a heavenly aura spread out towards the hunchbacked old man!
However, it was only an instant, the hunchbacked old man was directly sent flying, and that Heavenly Law and Heavenly Fury, directly fell to the ground with serious injuries, neither able to stand up!
The fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm was crushed by a shadow just like that!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded as he dared not imagine just how powerful this Wuji Daoist was!
Who exactly was this Wuji Daoist? How could he have such terrifying strength?
Did he belong to the Northern Domain or the Eastern Domain?
Just as Chen Ping was imagining the identity of that Wuji Daoist, the hunchbacked old man’s figure stopped and his face became unsightly!
Inwardly, he was even more shocked, he did not expect the strength of this Wuji Daoist to be so terrifying!
Although back then, he had also heard of the Wuji Daoist’s reputation, but he had never fought, and in today’s battle, he was considered to know the other party’s strength!
The other person had come over with a single shadow, and had beaten him to death!
This kind of strength gap, as long as not a fool, will know what to do next!
Only to see the hunchbacked old man’s palms grabbed, grabbed Tian Luo and Tian Shi, turned his head and ran!
This time does not run, is not still stay and wait for death?
“Damn, still want to run ……” Lin Keting saw this and was about to chase after him!
But was Wuji Daoist a hand to stop down: “Poor enemy do not chase, I just also just scare them down, I this is just a shadow, simply can not last long.”
Just after Daoist Wuji finished his words, his figure directly dissipated!
Just as Daoist Wuji’s figure dissipated, dozens more terrifying auras came from the void!
This time, it startled Chen Ping, how did this just run away three, and then come dozens more, if it was still someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance, then it would be troublesome!
“Don’t be nervous, it’s looking for me ……”
Lin Keting said to Chen Ping!
Soon, dozens of people all appeared, each and every one of them were white battle robes, holding long swords, and looked a little more powerful than the sword-wielding cultivators that Lin Keting had started to bring!
These people were also all Transition Realm cultivators, while a middle-aged man at the head was at the Mahayana Realm, this man’s breath was thick, Chen Ping could tell at a glance that this man was definitely cultivating superior techniques!
“Your Highness, His Majesty asked us to escort you back to the Imperial City, His Majesty is very angry that you went out privately this time.”
The middle-aged man walked up to Lin Keting and knelt on one knee, saying!
“My master told me to come out, I didn’t sneak out, my master definitely didn’t follow father’s words, I’ll go back and settle the score with him.”
Once Lin Keting heard this, she immediately pouted her lips and said angrily!
“Princess, you’d better go back and explain to His Majesty!”After the middle-aged man finished speaking, he was about to take Lin Keting away!
“Wait, I’m saying a few words!”Lin Keting said as she waved her hand!
Chen Ping at this moment, on the side, had long been confused, he did not expect this Lin Keting to be a princess!
No wonder it looked so bullish, there was an imperial city behind it!
Only, Chen Ping did not know which imperial city Lin Keting belonged to as a princess!
It seemed like there was no Imperial City in the entire Eastern Region, right?
“Princess, I still hope that you can hurry up!”The middle-aged man finished speaking and retreated to the side!
Lin Keting then looked towards Chen Ping and said with a faint smile, “Chen Ping, I will be leaving soon, don’t you have anything to say to me?”
“Say what?”Chen Ping asked in confusion!