“What kind of person destroyed your Hundred Refinements Pavilion?” Jue Yuan was slightly stunned, “Although your strength is not high, the magic weapons in your hands are all of the highest quality, could it be that with these magic weapons you still can’t protect your Hundred Refinements Pavilion?”
“In the entire secular world, apart from those guys who are secluded and bent on becoming immortal, could there be anyone else who has the ability to destroy your Hundred Refinements Pavilion?”
“Or maybe it was someone in the secret realm who did it?”
Shi Qingpei shook his head, “Neither, it wasn’t someone in the secret realm who did it, nor was it those hidden sects, it was a guy named Chen Ping ……”
“Chen Ping?” Jue Yuan frowned, “What kind of person is he? How could he be capable of destroying your Hundred Refinements Pavilion? Where are those magic artifacts of yours?”
“I don’t know much about this Chen Ping either, I only know that he is the strongest guy in the martial arts world recently, just a newcomer who has just emerged, just in his twenties!”
Shi Qingpei didn’t know much about Chen Ping’s experience, after all, the Hundred Refinement Pavilion didn’t often follow the secular world either!
“A newcomer?” Jue Yuan was surprised for a moment, “To be able to destroy your Hundred Refinements Pavilion, one must be above the strength of a Martial Saint, a newcomer, how could he suddenly reach the Martial Saint realm, he must be from some hidden sect!”
“There must be some secret here that you don’t know, because many old guys can return to their youth after cultivating to a higher realm, looking younger and younger, easily living for hundreds of years, this Chen Ping is probably not an elder of some hidden sect, right?”
Jue Yuan did not believe that a newcomer who was only in his twenties could reach the Martial Saint realm!
If it was in a secret realm, it wouldn’t be difficult, after all, the secret realm was full of immortal cultivators, and they started from a very high level!
But if it’s a martial artist, then they need to consolidate their foundation step by step. They, the martial artists, are desperately cultivating to reach the highest realm of the martial dao!
That is the realm of transformation. Once they enter the realm of transformation, they can transform the complexity into simplicity and step into the door of immortality ……
Only once they have entered the Immortal Gate can they continue their training and travel to the unknown world ……
But there are some people who have stepped into the Immortal Cultivation Realm from the very beginning, starting from a much higher level than martial artists, and with the accumulation of talent and resources, it is not impossible for them to reach the Martial Saint Realm in their twenties!
But in the secular realm, a Martial Saint in his twenties, that was almost rare, unless he received some great opportunity, or had the backing of a hidden sect with countless resources.
If it was a newcomer who had nothing, no power and no influence, and wanted to cultivate to Martial Saint in his twenties, that was simply a joke.
“Eldest uncle, I don’t think that Chen Ping looks like he’s rejuvenated, and our magic weapons are useless to him, could he be an immortal cultivator?”
Shi Yan dismissed Jue Yuan’s guess, no matter how one looked at Chen Ping, there was no way he could be a rejuvenated immortal!
“Impossible, it’s impossible for an immortal cultivator to be able to raise their strength with impunity in the secular world, they are all subject to the suppression of the laws of heaven and earth.”
“For this world, the existence of immortal cultivators is against all kinds of laws, so it’s impossible for these immortal cultivators to exist in the secular world for a long time!”
“Unless they give up their cultivation and allow their cultivation to stagnate or even regress, they don’t want to stay in the mundane world!”
“Your Hundred Refinement Pavilion often follows people in the Secret Realm, you wouldn’t even be ignorant of this common sense, would you?”
Jue Yuan asked as he looked at Shi Yan.
“I …… I really don’t know much about it!” Shi Yan said awkwardly.
Shi Qingpei, on the other hand, hurriedly helped Shi Yan and said, “Senior brother, there are many things that I haven’t let him know yet, after all, he is too young!”
“But if that Chen Ping is not an immortal cultivator, why does he have such a high level of strength? And I haven’t heard that Chen Ping belongs to any hidden sect either?”
Shi Qingpei was puzzled, he was not sure if Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator or not!