Chen Ping frowned slightly and said “Miss Sheng, did something happen? If something happens, just tell me, maybe I can help you ……”
“No, nothing happened ah!”
Sheng Jiahui shook her head, but her eyes looked out the window from time to time!
Chen Ping glanced out of the window, and then made a wink towards Bai Qian!
Bai Shallow nodded in understanding, and her entire body quickly rushed out of the room!
Immediately followed by two miserable screams, so small that only Chen Ping and the others could hear them!
Bai Ya then walked in carrying two corpses!
Seeing these two corpses, Sheng Jiahui instantly panicked!
“Mr Chen, how could you guys kill the people, you guys hurry up and leave or it’ll be too late ……”
Sheng Jiahui anxiously urged Chen Ping!
“Miss Sheng, what exactly happened to your Sheng family? If you don’t tell me clearly, I won’t leave.”
Chen Ping said with a firm face!
Seeing Chen Ping’s determined face, Sheng Jiahui could only sigh and say “Ai, I won’t hide it from Mr Chen, something big has happened to our Sheng family!”
“My father and brother have been taken under control, the Grand Elder was also killed by them, the entire Sheng family is now owned by my second uncle.”
“When we went to the Divine Demon Battlefield, my second uncle was intent on seeking the position of family head, so he didn’t follow us, but stayed behind in the Sheng Family, joining forces with a few other elders to plot treason.”
“As soon as we came back, they made their move, luckily father swore not to tell us what he gained from the Divine Demon Battlefield, and Second Uncle hadn’t killed him yet, he wanted to know exactly what treasures we got from the Divine Demon Battlefield!”
Tears flowed from Sheng Jiahui’s eyes, then she wiped her tears and continued “I let Mr Chen leave, also for the sake of Mr Chen’s safety, I hope that Mr Chen can understand my bitterness.”
“You guys take advantage of the fact that the second uncle has not yet started to kill you, you’d better leave quickly, otherwise it will be too late ……”
Chen Ping listened to Sheng Jiahui, then shook his head “I can’t leave, since your second uncle let us in, it’s a retribution for killing, it’s impossible to leave now!”
“It won’t be, this is still a private matter of our Sheng family, second uncle won’t kill you guys easily.” Sheng Jiahui did not believe what Chen Ping said at all!
“Since you don’t believe me, let me show you ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping led Sheng Jiahui out of the room!
Only to see that just as they walked out of the room, a faint glow flickered around them, and the glow wrapped the entire room!
“See, this place has been laid with a spell formation, proving that it doesn’t want us to leave from this place.”
Chen Ping said to Sheng Jiahui!
“Mr Chen, your formation art is also very strong, this small formation cannot control you, you’d better leave!”
Sheng Jiahui knew that Chen Ping’s formation art was not something that their Sheng family could compare to!
With this little bit of artistry of the Sheng Family, it was almost impossible to control Chen Ping!
“I’m leaving, but I’m also leaving after rescuing the Sheng Family Master and helping your Sheng Family to deal with things!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Mr Chen, thank you for your kind words, but you’d better go, if you stay and have a short or long life, I believe that my father will blame himself very much, and I will blame myself as well!”
Sheng Jiahui still didn’t want Chen Ping to take care of them, there were Sheng family members everywhere here, Chen Ping and the three of them, Sheng Jiahui was a bit uneasy!
“No need to blame yourself, I’m afraid that even if I want to leave now, I won’t be able to ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and coldly looked straight ahead!
Accompanied by a wave of Chen Ping’s palm, that place of light around the room all dimmed, and after the light dimmed, it was found that there were several people standing not far away!
It turned out that this spell formation not only had the power to block, but it could even allow people to hide!
When she saw the Second Elder who appeared, Sheng Jiahui’s eyes were filled with a few moments of fear!