Chen Ping struggled desperately, but he simply couldn’t break free, the more Chen Ping struggled, the tighter those light chains wrapped around him!
“Hahahaha, trapped by the Dragon Binding Rope Formation, even if you are a true dragon, you cannot escape ……”
Tiger Li Daxian laughed loudly as he slowly descended from mid-air, looking at Chen Ping with a smug expression!
And Chen Ping put his eyes on the scepter in that Tiger Li Daxian’s hand!
He found out that this Tiger Li Daxian himself did not seem to be particularly strong, and every time he used the scepter, the power in the scepter must have come from the jewel set in it!
Once the jewel was destroyed, the scepter would be useless, and without the scepter, the tiger spirit in front of him would be no longer a concern!
Not knowing what Chen Ping was thinking, that Tiger Li Daxian walked up to Chen Ping with a fierce smile on his face.
“Thousands of years, I never thought I could encounter the true body of the Golden Dragon, it’s too perfect ……”
Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes were full of greed as he stared at Chen Ping, just like a bachelor man seeing a young widow!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took advantage of Tiger Li Daxian’s carelessness when a golden light flashed out!
A wound was instantly cut into Tiger Li Tai Sin’s chest!
Blood gushed out, and the tremendous force directly sent Tiger Li Tai Sin flying!
Tiger Li Daxian was shocked and then looked incredulously at the sword hovering in front of him!
The sword emitted a hazy glow and its aura was very thick!
Chen Ping’s mind moved and the Dragon Cutting Sword then cut out, instantly severing those light chains!
With a stretch of his hand, the Dragon Slashing Sword reached Chen Ping’s hand!
“You actually have a spirit sword ……” Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes faintly stared: “But the sword spirit has not yet opened its mind, it is just a broken bra*s, you dare to hurt me, I will make you look good!”
After Tiger Li Daxian finished speaking, the scepter in his hand swung towards Chen Ping, and a huge force went towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping hurriedly blocked with his sword, but he was still smashed straight away and fell heavily to the ground!
Chen Ping climbed up and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, “Surely all the power is in that scepter ……”
But before Chen Ping could react, another terrifying aura attacked him, each time as fast as lightning!
Not giving Chen Ping time to react at all, the power on top of that scepter seemed inexhaustible!
Boom, boom, boom ……
Chen Ping suffered a dozen blows in a row!
It could be seen that Tiger Li Tai Sin was really angry when Chen Ping had just injured him!
Chen Ping slowly got up again, even without his Incorruptible Golden Body, Chen Ping’s physical body was able to resist all the attacks!
“What a rare fleshly body for a thousand years, I really don’t know how on earth you cultivated under such harsh conditions ……”
Tiger Li Daxian let out an exclamation!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but was looking for an opportunity, seeing that Tiger Li Daxian had let down his guard, Chen Ping instantly leapt up!
Whoosh!
Chen Ping’s speed was extremely fast, and the Zeng Long Sword in his hand swung out violently!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique, First Chop ……”
A terrifying sword qi that looked like it was coming from the sky, mixed with a whistling sound headed straight for Tiger Li Daxian!
However, this sword did not chop at Tiger Li Daxian, but at the scepter in Tiger Li Daxian’s hand!
Tiger Li Daxian was shocked and his body backed up rapidly!
“You actually know the Nine Shadow Sword Technique, that is the Sword God’s famous stance ……”
Tiger Li Daxian retreated while using the scepter in his hand, waving out a breath to block it!
But this sword Qi waved by Chen Ping was murderous and sharp!
Tiger Li Daxian struck out several breaths in quick succession, but it still failed to block the sharp sword Qi!
Clang …………
There was a deafening sound, only to see flashes of fire!
The sword qi ruthlessly chopped on top of the scepter, emitting a blinding light.
The tremendous force shook Tiger Li Tai Sin’s hands so much that the scepter almost fell out of his hands!