“Master asked me to inform you that a strain of Immortal Crane Grass has grown on the mountain range near here, so you should prepare more men and follow me up the mountain tomorrow to pick it!”
The powerfully dressed man said!
“There’s immortal crane grass around here?” Divine Doctor Zhang was startled, “That’s an immortal grass, why is it growing in this mountain range?
“What did you say?” The man in the strong suit’s eyes glared!
“Brother, I am just saying this casually, I definitely do not mean to disbelieve Master, but I am afraid that it is a bit difficult for me to prepare manpower temporarily!”
Divine Doctor Zhang said with a slight dilemma!
“That’s your business, I’m only responsible for informing you, you know what the consequences are if you delay what Master has explained, right?”
The powerfully dressed man finished speaking, turned around and left!
And that Divine Doctor Zhang was frowning, starting to worry about the manpower!
But soon, the divine doctor seemed to have thought of something and hurriedly shouted, “Disciple, go and find the four men who just left from here!”
He wanted to get Chen Ping and the others back, as they were now begging him, and as long as they agreed to accompany him to pick the immortal crane grass, then he could go and help Yun’er’s grandmother heal her eyes!
“Yun’er, you don’t need to be discouraged, after we hunt a few demonic beasts and sell them for money, we will soon be able to get the money together for your grandmother’s eye treatment!”
Seeing Yun’er sulking with her head down, Ah Li hurriedly said in relief!
But Yun’er still didn’t say anything, because she couldn’t be selfish and take all the money for herself, after all, other people had to live too!
“Yun’er, it’s not that I can’t cure your grandmother’s eyes at all, as long as I can find a high grade spirit herb to cure her eyes, I might be able to cure your grandmother’s eyes too, don’t be discouraged!”
Chen Ping persuaded Yun’er!
If Chen Ping regained his strength, he might really be able to cure Ling’er’s granny’s eyes if there were high grade spirit herbs!
“Brother Chen Ping, really?” Hearing Chen Ping say so, Yun’er hurriedly lifted her head!
“Of course, how could I lie to you.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly!
Yun’er smiled, as long as there was hope, she wouldn’t give up!
But at that moment, a child of about ten years old hurriedly caught up with Chen Ping and then said, “Please stay, my master wants you to go back ……”
“Who is your master?” Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“My master is the divine doctor Zhang Bill Zhang!”
The child said!
Hearing that the divine doctor had asked them to go back, Ah Li asked in confusion, “What does your master want us to do?”
The boy shook his head “I don’t know, my master didn’t say!”
“Brother Ah Li, Brother Chen Ping, let’s go back and have a look, maybe the divine doctor Zhang feels that the price of fifty spirit coins is acceptable!”
Yun’er was happy when she heard it was Divine Doctor Zhang who told them to go back!
“Good, let’s go back and take a look!” Chen Ping nodded, and then the group walked back!
This time, that Zhang Bei was not as arrogant as he was at the beginning, and his attitude was obviously much better!
“Divine Doctor Zhang, you told us to come back, is it 50 spirit coins to cure my granny’s eyes?”
Yun’er asked impatiently when she saw Zhang Bei!
Zhang Bei shook his head “Fifty spirit coins is definitely not possible, but I can give your granny a cure for her eyes, I can take none of it, but you have to promise me one thing!”
“What is it?” Yun’er asked.
“You will accompany me to the mountain range tomorrow to pick a medicinal herb, and after you have successfully picked the herb, I will be able to help cure your granny’s eyes for free!”
Zhang Bei said to Yun’er!
“Just this matter?” Yun’er couldn’t believe it, this matter was too simple, so she turned her head and looked at Ah Li!
After all, Yun’er couldn’t decide for herself what Ali and the others would do, and if Ali wasn’t happy to go, then it was useless for her to say yes!