“Mr Chen, Mr Chen …………”
Zhu Qingyue shouted loudly, only to see Chen Ping’s figure approaching from afar!
Once the people of Zhu Jia Town saw that they had help, they were all excited beyond measure as well.
Qi Heng, on the other hand, frowned as he looked at Chen Ping coming from afar, he didn’t expect that someone would cross the line anymore!
However, when Chen Ping came closer, Qi Heng immediately laughed!
A mere seventh grade minor cultivator of the Transition Realm had also come to play the big tail wolf!
As for those people from Zhu Jia Town, after seeing Chen Ping’s realm, they all instantly lost their excitement!
This kind of strength couldn’t save them at all!
However, only that Zhu Qingyue was still trembling slightly as she looked at Chen Ping with excitement!
Although Chen Ping was only at the seventh level of the Transition Realm, the strength he truly displayed was not bad!
Zhu Qingyue was aware of that!
“Kid, you’re just a small cultivator of the seventh grade of the Transitional Appearance Realm, and you dare to come and join in the fun, are you looking for death?”
Qi Heng sized up Chen Ping and said with a disdainful face!
Chen Ping ignored him and instead glanced at Zhu Qing Yue and said, “Are you alright?”
Zhu Qing Yue was Xiao Feng’s girlfriend, after all, Xiao Huang Chao was good to Chen Ping, it was only right for Chen Ping to protect Zhu Qing Yue!
“Mr Chen, I’m fine ……”
Zhu Qingyue shook her head!
Seeing that Zhu Qingyue was fine, Chen Ping then put his gaze on Qi Heng!
When that Qi Heng saw Chen Ping, a small cultivator, ignoring himself, he was instantly enraged!
“Can’t you fucking hear me? Get the hell away from me if you don’t want to die, you want to meddle in my affairs too?”
“Don’t even look at what kind of virtue you are ……”
Qi Heng said with a cold snort!
“Rubbish ……”
Swish ……
Chen Ping just said rubbish, and before that Qi Heng could speak, he only saw a golden light streak before his eyes!
Qi Heng’s head was thrown up high and then quickly fell to the ground before rolling down to Zhu Qing Yue’s feet!
This was followed by Qi Heng’s headless body which then quickly fell to the ground, extremely gusts of dust!
When the people of Zhu Jia Town saw this scene, they all froze!
One by one, their faces were filled with incredulity, their mouths round and open!
How could they not expect that things would turn out like this?
Just now, Qi Heng was still a God of Murder, killing their Zhu Clan Town without the power to fight back, controlling the lives and deaths of everyone!
But in the blink of an eye, this God of Murder had his head chopped off!
This sword was so casual and easy!
How is this possible?
For a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm to casually kill a first grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm with a single sword, this was a little too outrageous!
Everyone in Zhu Jia Town was confused!
And equally dumbfounded were the two eighth ranked cultivators of the Transition Realm that Qi Heng had brought with him!
They hadn’t even reacted to what was going on before their young master had his head chopped off!
“The two of you get back immediately and tell them that I, Chen Ping, killed the man, and if you, Qi Jia Town, want to take revenge, feel free to come to me!”
Chen Ping said with a big wave of his hand towards the two cultivators!
It was only at this time that the two cultivators reacted, and when they heard the word Chen Ping, all of their bodies trembled, and they turned around and ran in panic!
They knew that Chen Ping was the one that the Demon Sealing Alliance had chased with a hundred years of offerings!
Chen Ping’s body slowly fell, while Zhu Qingyue gratefully knelt directly in front of Chen Ping!
The moment Zhu Qingyue knelt, the people of Zhu Jia Town also knelt in unison!
Although many people did not know what Chen Ping’s identity was, someone who could kill Qi Heng with a sword was definitely not an ordinary person!
Perhaps there was a huge power behind him, so that their Zhu Jia Town would be saved, and they wouldn’t have to be afraid of Qi Jia Town’s people!
“Zhu Yuanji, Zhu Jia Town’s Zhen Fu Si, thank you for your benefactor’s rescue ……”
Zhu Yuanji also dragged his heavily injured body before kneeling down in front of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping just lightly supported them with both palms, and everyone felt a force that lifted them up!