Seeing Liu Sh*tong agree, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth raised in a smile.
However, Wei Qing and Qian Xiu were nervous, although the money was not theirs, but it was heartbreaking to give it to that Liu Sh*tong for nothing!
“Hey …………”
Wei Qing let out a long sigh, these money thrown away for nothing, how good it would be if it was given to himself!
“Senior brother, no need to sigh, in case we win!”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
“Hahaha, you new guy, bad brain and blind eyes?”
“Can’t you see how many disciples there are in our lineage? And what level are the disciples of our lineage?”
Liu Sh*tong said with a big smile!
“Junior brother, if you’re rich, you can’t take money and blow it down the drain ah, you help us pay the examination fees, we’re very thankful to you, but you’re this …………”
Qian Xiu was also speechless for a while!
The other few disciples were also silent, following the disciples of the new sect master’s lineage than, they were simply no match for them!
What’s more, they were also the main examiner of the test, which made it even more hopeless!
Seeing that the crowd had no fighting spirit at all, Chen Ping said without a care in the world, “As long as everyone works hard, even if they lose, this amount of money is just a drop in the bucket for me.”
“I can find a p*ssy outside for more than this amount of money, losing to them, let’s say I found a p*ssy!”
Chen Ping’s sentence instantly drew the crowd . Laughing out loud!
And that Liu Sh*tong’s face became very ugly, this was clearly comparing him to a p*ssy!
However, Chen Ping himself knew that there was no way he could lose, not to mention these inner disciples of the Purple Flame Sect, even if the elders came, Chen Ping had no fear!
It was important to know that Chen Ping’s realm, which appeared to be the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, was able to erupt into a strength that was not inferior to the ninth rank of the Transition Realm!
Seeing that the emotions of the crowd had eased quite a bit, Chen Ping said, “Don’t worry everyone, we will definitely win, I never do anything I am not sure of.”
“Senior brother, it’s good to have this kind of confidence, but it’s really unrealistic for us to win.”
“Whether it’s from strength or numbers, we don’t have the slightest advantage, how can we win.”
“But don’t worry senior brother, no matter what kind of inner sect examination you have, you’ll be able to become an official disciple of the Purple Flame Sect.”
“I can beg my master to take you to the council chamber for recommendation, as long as there are three elders to recommend you, you can become an inner sect disciple without the test.”
Wei Qing saw that Chen Ping had spent so much money, it would be a little too embarrassing if he failed the test and couldn’t become an inner disciple!
Moreover, Chen Ping was so rich, Wei Qing didn’t want to lose such a rich senior disciple, that’s why he ensured Chen Ping!
Liu Sh*tong had already registered the bet at this moment, and had also made the bet to act as a paperwork, with both parties to leave their palm prints!
The reason why he did this was because he was afraid that in the end, Wei Qing would cheat!
After all, this bet is very obvious that Wei Qing can’t win at all!
After doing everything, Liu Sh*tong then beckoned towards a youth!
“Eldest Senior Brother ……”
The youth walked forward and bent down!
“Lu San, do you still need me to explain? You know what to do with yourself in a moment, right?”
Liu Sh*tong asked to that youth!
“Eldest brother, don’t worry, none of these guys will be able to pass the test.”
That Lu San nodded and said!
“Even though we are strong, we can’t be careless, after all, this is a bet of hundreds of Purple Gold Spirit Coins, we can’t be sloppy.”
After Liu Sh*tong finished speaking, he took out an item wrapped in red cloth from his pocket and handed it to that Lu San: “When it comes to the last resort, you can open it and use it!”
Lu San carefully took it, his face full of excitement, “Elder brother, just watch and see!”
Soon, the crowd was all ready for the test!
Qian Xiu also followed the crowd and stood together!
“Senior sister, you are already an inner disciple, do you still need to take the test?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion!