“Sir Chen, we are all casual cultivators who have gone through great difficulties to cultivate to our current realm, but we are stuck at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm and have not been able to break through.”
“We’re not like Sir Chen, with a huge force behind us, we can only rely on each other.”
“Now that we’ve seen Prince Chen, the two of us brothers are willing to follow Prince Chen and go through fire and water without hesitation. ……”
Xuan Bin said, unexpectedly kneeling down in front of Chen Ping!
This scene instantly made Xiao Yuanshan dumbfounded!
Equally dumbfounded was Chen Ping, who really did not expect Xuan Bin, a peak cultivator of the ninth level of the Mahayana realm, to kneel down in front of the crowd, to himself!
You have to know that this kind of strong cultivator, very important to face, even face is more important than life!
But now this Xuan Bin didn’t seem to care about face at all!
Even that Zhou Tang on the side was looking at his big brother with round eyes!
He also did not expect his big brother to kneel down for Chen Ping!
“Big brother, what are you …… doing?”
Zhou Tang was at the side, somewhat at a loss for words!
“Kneel down ……” Xuan Bin coldly glanced at Zhou Tang!
Zhou Tang hesitated, but in the end, he knelt down!
“Two fellow Daoists, what are you doing? Hurry up and get up, the strength of the two of you is considered top-notch in the Celestial Realm.”
“This strength of mine is quite inferior compared to the two of you, this kind of joke cannot be made!”
Chen Ping was a little flustered as he tried to pull the two up!
Regardless of realm or age, these two were much older than himself, now kneeling down for himself and wanting to follow him, Chen Ping did not dare to accept them!
“Sir Chen, we are not joking, if you do not accept the two of us brothers, we will never get up!”
Xuan Bin said with a sincere face!
“Right, never get up ……”
Zhou Tang also said along with Xuan Bin!
Although Zhou Tang did not fully understand why his big brother was like this, he chose to believe his big brother at this moment!
“Now that the Tenth Hall has issued an order of execution, you guys still want to follow me, aren’t you afraid of the Tenth Hall?”
Chen Ping asked breathlessly!
“Sir Chen is not afraid of the Ten Temples, what are my brothers and I afraid of?”
Xuan Bin said!
Chen Ping looked around and said, “All around here, I don’t know how many experts are trying to kill me, and you guys aren’t afraid of that?”
“To make a move against Lord Chen, first step over the corpses of my brothers and sisters!”
Xuan Bin had a firm face!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping nodded and smiled, “Alright ……”
“Many thanks to Chen …… Mr Chen ……”
Xuan Bin immediately changed his words and followed Xiao Yuanshan’s lead, addressing Chen Ping as sir!
“Since you two brothers have followed me, you are family now, you can get up, right now you are at the critical stage of breaking through the Immortalisation Realm, you need a lot of resources to do so.”
“I have twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones here, you brothers each have ten thousand to take and use ……”
Chen Ping directly threw out two storage bags and threw them to Xuan Bin and Zhou Tang!
One of the ten thousand Immortal Spirit Stones was that Yun Li’s, and Chen Ping didn’t feel any pain!
Moreover, he still had an Immortal Spirit Stone vein in Beast City, and it was estimated that he could also mine a hundred thousand or eighty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones out!
Twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones?
Xuan Bin and Zhou Tang got up and were instantly ecstatic!
This is 20,000 Immortal Spirit Stones!
Too generous!
Xuan Bin was ecstatic as he received the Immortal Spirit Stones and respectfully said, “Thank you, Mr Chen, we will die a thousand deaths!”
And that Zhou Tang also received the Immortal Spirit Stone, then with a plop, he knelt down again!
“Many thanks Mr Chen, I will be a dog for Mr Chen from now on, I will bite whoever you tell me to bite ……”
Zhou Tang, this time, was willingly kneeling down!
The kneeling just now was still because of Xuan Bin, but this time, it was Zhou Tang who willingly knelt, even if it was for a day he was willing!
It is said that there is gold under the knees of a man, but what the other party gave was much more valuable than gold!
“It’s serious ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!