“Our Pavilion Master has already come out of seclusion and specially asked us to come to greet you two at the entrance.”
The Hundred Refinements Pavilion member said.
Soon, Chen Ping and Hu Pazi were led into a huge room, which was obviously not the same room Chen Ping had come to when he first met Shi Yan!
This room was even bigger, and there were even more magic artifacts placed inside the room, and at a glance, they were also some top-notch magic artifacts, and the grade was obviously much higher than the last time they saw it!
“Two, since you’re here, please have a seat ……”
A voice came out, followed by the sight of Shi Qingpei walking out from the back of the room.
“You are Pavilion Master Shi of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently after seeing Shi Qingpei.
“Not bad, I am Shi Qingpei, the two of you have already told me about your coming to see me, my dog son.”
“Since Mr. Shi introduced me here, of course I must treat you with courtesy!”
Shi Qingpei said, ordering someone to serve tea to Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi!
Seeing how polite Shi Qingpei was, both Chen Ping and Hu Pazi’s hearts were slightly relieved!
They were afraid that after their last disturbance at the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, Shi Qingpei would definitely be angry and it would be difficult for them to borrow the Heavenly Mystery Order!
But now, it seemed that Shi Qingpei was not angry!
“Pavilion Master Shi, because we have an important matter to attend to, we need to get the Heavenly Opportunity Decree and rush back immediately, so we won’t delay, I wonder if Pavilion Master Shi can lend me the Heavenly Opportunity Decree? I will definitely be grateful ……”
Chen Ping said politely.
“Of course you can, except did Mr. Shi also ask you to bring me something?”
Shi Qingpei asked.
“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded repeatedly, then took the brush out and put it in front of Shi Qingpei!
“Many years ago, I received a favour from Mr. Shi, now Mr. Shi is using the brush as a trust, of course I have to give him face, the Order of Heavenly Chance can be lent to you ……”
Saying that, Shi Qingpei took out a token from his waist that was only the size of a palm.
Only the token was covered in patina and looked very old, and there was no way to see the peculiarities of this token at all!
“Then, thank you very much, Pavilion Master Shi ……”
Chen Ping reached out his hand and wanted to take the Heavenly Opportunity Token!
Just at this moment, Shi Yan suddenly barged in and asked with a face full of confusion, “Dad, how did you really lend them the Heavenly Opportunity Decree? How did you promise me?”
“This is the guy who beat me up, and also beat up Elder Yan, and killed several of us, the Hundred Refinement Pavilion is now in such a mess, and he is the one who caused it, so why did you still lend him the Heavenly Chance Order?”
Shi Yan shouted, but was met with a glare from Shi Qingpei, “Shut up, it is not your turn to speak here.”
Seeing that his father was angry, Shi Yan did not dare to say anything, and could only glare at Chen Ping viciously!
“Pavilion Master Shi, there is some misunderstanding here, if it is not your son he …………”
Chen Ping wanted to explain, he didn’t want to be unable to borrow the Heavenly Opportunity Order for this reason!
But before Chen Ping could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by Shi Qingpei.
“No need to explain, since it was Mr. Shi who stepped in, I will definitely lend you the Heavenly Opportunity Order, this is what I returned to Mr. Shi.”
When Shi Qingpei finished speaking, he directly threw the Heavenly Opportunity Order in his hand to Chen Ping!
Moreover, Shi Qingpei made this very clear, the reason he lent Chen Ping the Heavenly Chance Order was to return a favour to Mr. Shi!
It had nothing to do with Chen Ping himself!
Chen Ping took the Heavenly Opportunity Order and said with a clasp of his fist, “Then thank you, Pavilion Master Shi!”
But just as Chen Ping was turning around to leave with the Heavenly Chance Order, he was shouted at by Shi Qingpei!
“You seem to have forgotten one thing, haven’t you?”
Shi Qingpei said coldly to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping faintly froze and turned to look at Shi Qingpei and said, “Master Shi, is there anything else?”
“Of course there is, I have given Mr. Shi’s face, and I have lent you the Order of Heavenly Opportunity.”
“But you beat up my son, killed my Hundred Refinements Pavilion people, and destroyed numerous houses of my Hundred Refinements Pavilion, shouldn’t you also give me an explanation?”
Shi Qingpei asked, looking coldly at Chen Ping.