Chen Ping, on the other hand, didn’t care how much that Elder Tu howled and kept searching for a way out of the cave!
Fortunately, with the Red Cloud Demon Lord by his side, he did not feel lonely!
The cave was very large, but it was dark, even Chen Ping could only see a hundred metres!
And there was no way to send out the divine sense, every time it was sent out, it would be blocked by an inexplicable force!
Inside the cave, there was a considerable amount of pressure, and from time to time, there were also heat waves!
“Why am I getting the feeling that this is not a cave, but more like the stomach of a large demonic beast?”
Chen Ping said as he observed the surroundings!
That heat wave from time to time was like the breath of some large demonic beast, brought about by each breath!
“Don’t be ridiculous, what kind of demonic beast could have such a large stomach, a place like the Celestial Realm could not possibly have such a huge demonic beast.”
“Although there are thousands of worlds where anything can happen and anything can appear, there are certain rules to follow.”
“The laws of heaven and earth have their own set rules, this small Celestial Realm, if such a large demonic beast were to appear, wouldn’t that be a disaster.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping froze, then looked at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in surprise, “How do you know that this is the Celestial Realm? Couldn’t it be some other world, some other unknown world that we are in?”
When the Red Cloud Demon Monarch saw this, he was embarrassed, then laughed, “I wanted to scare your brat, but I didn’t expect to misspeak.”
“This is the Celestial Realm, it’s just that your brat didn’t observe it properly, although you have good natural talent, you’re sometimes as stupid as a pig!”
“Have you never noticed that on the stone walls around that cave, there are stray flame filaments?”
“Although these flame filaments are very weak and you can’t detect the breath, but fusing these flame filaments together, you’re trying it out.”
Hearing the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Chen Ping carefully looked around the stone wall and indeed found many extremely fine flame filaments!
These flame filaments had obviously penetrated into the cave from the outside little by little, and because they were too subtle, Chen Ping did not notice them at all!
Chen Ping tried, little by little, to attract the flame filaments on the stone wall to his surroundings!
It took Chen Ping a while to collect a flame that was like a candle flame!
However, just this bit of flame was enough for Chen Ping to check out the flame’s aura.
When Chen Ping felt the scent of that flame, his entire body immediately widened his eyes, his eyes filled with incredulity!
“This …… this …………”
Chen Ping acted very shocked!
“How about it, do you feel anything now?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord asked with the corners of his mouth slightly raised!
“This is …… this is the flaming aura of the divine volcano, could it be that we haven’t left the divine volcano all this time, are we this inside the divine volcano?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
He did not dare to confirm at all right now, so he could only wait for the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to answer!
It was obvious that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch knew everything, he just didn’t tell Chen Ping, probably just to play a trick on Chen Ping and get back at him for not allowing him to control his body!
“Not bad, this is the inner cave of the Divine Volcano, we did not leave the Divine Volcano, that void rift just now just sent us to the inner part of the Divine Volcano!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord nodded with a smile!
“Sh*t, you f*cking knew this a long time ago, and you didn’t even tell me?”
Chen Ping Sheng glared at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in anger!
“You didn’t even let me play with my physical body, so who am I to tell you ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch angrily turned his head to the side!
The hallowed Demon Monarch was actually acting like an angry little old man at this moment!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was speechless for a while, are all these old things in the Heavenly Realm so individualistic?
That Elder Tu was half dead listening to Chen Ping’s dialogue following the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, and his entire being was confused!