“You’re talking nonsense, you two are the ones sleeping together.”
Zhu Qingxiu said in annoyance!
“Miss Zhu, I don’t sleep …… with men,” Chen Ping said with a burst of speechlessness!
Zhu Qingxiu felt that he said the wrong thing, full of embarrassment looked at Chen Ping, then glared at Fan Xianbo said, “You do not use your dirty thoughts, to see others, we two clean and white ……”
As soon as the word clean and white came out, Zhu Qingxiu blushed a little, after all, this clean and white seemed to be wrong!
Chen Ping had seen her naked body, could this still be considered clean and white?
“Hehe, look at yourself practicing all red, you say this who believe ah, in the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, you pretend to be a saintly woman, but who knows it is a slutty woman.”
Fan Xianbo mocked Zhu Qingxiu!
“I really didn’t expect senior sister to be this kind of person, if I had known, I would have tried it in the Ten Thousand Swords Sect.”
“Senior sister has white skin and long legs, I peeked at her when she was bathing.”
The other senior brothers also made personal attacks on Zhu Qingxiu Jingxiu!
This made Zhu Qingxiu’s body tremble with anger.
“Senior sister, if you hand over the jade secret scrolls, I’ll leave right away, and if you still want to be in the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, I can also give you an elder position.”
“If you don’t hand it over, then don’t blame me for being impolite, at that time, not only will the two of you be lifeless, but I will also let all these senior brothers, taste your beauty.”
“But there are quite a few senior brothers who are craving for your body, think it over.”
Fan Xianbo began to threaten Zhu Qingxiu with such things, it was simply shameless!
“Fan Xianbo, you are not a human being ……”
Zhu Qingxiu couldn’t help but listen to Fan Xianbo’s words, and the long sword in her hand pointed straight at Fan Xianbo!
But Fan Xianbo was not afraid at all and said with a disdainful face, “Sister, do you still want to fight with me? Believe it or not, within three strokes, I will let you take off all the clothes on your body?”
“You …………”
Zhu Qingxiu’s face was filled with anger, but she knew that Fan Xianbo was right!
Her strength was simply not that Fan Xianbo’s opponent, and if she really made a move, Fan Xianbo might really strip her of her clothes!
But if she didn’t do it, and let this Fan Xianbo insult her, Zhu Qingxiu was still angry!
At this moment, Zhu Qingxiu felt very helpless!
She can’t fight, but she can’t curse ……
“Miss Zhu, these shameless senior brothers of yours, leave it to me!”
Chen Ping blocked in front of Zhu Qingxiu, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand shaking slightly!
These people were simply too shameless, Chen Ping couldn’t even settle down, he had never seen such shameless people before!
Seeing that Chen Ping was actually going to make a move, Fan Xianbo smiled disdainfully and said, “You, a small cultivator of the seventh grade of the Transitional Abstraction Realm, still want to heroically save a beauty, you don’t look at what virtues you are.”
“What virtue I am, you’ll know if you try.”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body began to diffuse!
“You guy, since you are looking for death, then you can’t blame me, but I never kill nameless people, report your name!”
Fan Xianbo was quite polite and asked Chen Ping to announce himself!
“Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping faintly spat out two words!
Bam…………
As the two words Chen Ping exited, the several senior brothers behind Fan Xianbo, the long swords in their hands instantly fell to the ground, making a crisp sound.
As for Fan Xianbo himself, he stumbled and almost fell to the ground, looking at Chen Ping with a face full of unbelief!
“You …… are that Chen Ping who was hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings?”
Fan Xianbo’s face became somewhat ugly!
“Not bad, it is none other than your grandfather me ……”
Chen Ping nodded!
When Fan Xianbo saw Chen Ping scolding himself, this time, instead of getting angry, he took two steps backward!
There must be a reason why a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm was being chased by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings, and after such a long period of time, the Demon Sealing Alliance had lost their troops, but Chen Ping was fine!