Elder Chu’s figure flickered as the sword blade landed on the ground with a bang, cutting a deep gully in the ground!
Elder Chu’s face was gloomy, so it seemed that within that building, Chen Ping was definitely there!
Luo Shouhai flew up and pointed his sword at Elder Chu, “As long as I’m here, you guys won’t think of touching Mr Chen for a second, you guys from the Demon Sealing Alliance, the Heavenly Demon Mountain is not a place for you to spread your wildness.”
Elder Chu smiled coldly, “You’ve finally admitted it, but with this skill of yours, can you stop it?”
After Elder Chu finished speaking, he smoothly grabbed towards the void, a Prime Mortar and pestle appeared in his hand, then he swung it out in one go, the light in the sky flickered, and the raging aura spread out towards Luo Shouhai!
Luo Shouhai’s face was gloomy, his long sword flashed with light, constantly slashing out!
However, Luo Shouhai’s body shape was retreating, directly suppressed by that Chu Elder, it seems that this Luo Shouhai’s strength is still a bit worse than Chu Elder!
“Dad ……”
“Master ……”
Seeing that Luo Shouhai was not at all a match for that Elder Chu, Luo Xi and Jin Dong were both a little anxious!
Bai Shallow, on the other hand, waved her long whip in her hand and leapt up!
Bai Shallow, who was at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, still had the ability to join the fight!
Bai Shallow’s family also made Luo Shouhai feel a lightening of pressure!
“Give me on ……”
Zuo Xuan frowned, then waved his hand, while numerous people from the Demon Sealing Alliance swarmed up!
Seeing this, Fire Phoenix and the girls all rushed up as well!
When that Elder Fei saw this, he took the opportunity to slip away, at this time, he didn’t know who to help!
“Hmph, with these skills of yours, you still want to stop me ……”
Elder Chu’s entire body’s aura filled the air, blocking Luo Shouhai and Bai Shao’s attacks!
Immediately after that, the Prime Mortar and Pestle fell as if it was a meteorite falling, smashing into Luo Shouhai!
Seeing this, Bai Shallow wanted to step in to help, but was blocked by a person from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Luo Shouhai frowned and swung his sword to resist, and the Mortar and Pestle struck the longsword, emitting a buzzing sound!
The longsword trembled, and a huge force entered Luo Shouhai’s body through the longsword!
Luo Shouhai’s breath tumbled and he fell from mid-air with a roar!
Elder Chu snorted coldly and headed towards the building not far away!
He wanted to see if that Chen Ping was inside before the thunderbolt blasted down!
When Luo Shouhai saw this, he let out an explosive cry, and his sword awnings shot up into the sky once again!
Luo Shouhai knew that he could not defeat that Elder Chu, but he would never stand by and watch Chen Ping in danger!
Chen Ping saved his daughter twice, Luo Shouhai even if he spelled out his own life, also want to block Chu elder!
And right at this moment, the fourth thunderbolt roared down!
Boom …………
Along with the thunder tribulation blasting down, everyone fighting was toppled out by a huge force!
This thunder tribulation, the aftermath alone had such power, so one could imagine what Chen Ping and the others had to suffer under the thunder tribulation!
Chen Ping and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man felt the fourth thunder tribulation rumbling down, and this time neither one of them even exploded their breath!
This was because they knew that with such a weak aura, they would not be able to block the thunder tribulation at all!
An aura like that of a titanic mountain directly pressed Chen Ping and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man to the point where they could not breathe!
Although the thunderbolt had not yet arrived, the power of the thunderbolt had already arrived!
Chen Ping and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man all closed their eyes and quietly waited for the thunderbolt!
But just as the thunderbolt was about to strike Chen Ping and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, a colourful haze suddenly emanated from Chen Ping’s body!
A ray of golden light was then seen, heading straight towards the thunder tribulation!
In the eyes of the crowd that were shocked, they saw a demonic beast that was only a little bigger than the palm of their hand, surprisingly open its mouth wide and directly swallowed that thunder tribulation inside its stomach!
At this moment, everyone was dumbfounded, other than Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow, no one knew what kind of demonic beast this was!