Chen Ping bellowed as the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand burst into a dazzling light, the power of the divine dragon on its upper surface flowing continuously!
“Chop …………”
Chen Ping chopped his sword down, the dragon chopping sword slashed fiercely at the back of a turtle, the hard back of the turtle emitted a burst of light, Chen Ping’s dragon chopping sword only left a white mark on the back of the turtle!
“Roar ……”
Just as Chen Ping’s dragon chopping sword hit the turtle’s back, another demon beast attacked Chen Ping, its terrifying fangs biting fiercely at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s body glowed with golden light, and his undestructive golden body was activated, covering his whole body with golden scales!
At this moment, Chen Ping looked like a golden dragon, and when the demon beast saw Chen Ping’s appearance, it froze for a moment, not daring to take a step forward!
Chen Ping took advantage of the gap in the demon beast’s stagnation and instantly merged with the Dragon Cutting Sword, cutting straight through!
The countless power of the divine dragon wrapped around Chen Ping, who was now like a sharp sword, ruthlessly slamming into the demon beast.
The sharp energy instantly penetrated the beast’s body, leaving a hole as big as a man’s body!
The beast did not have time to scream and fell to the ground with a crash!
A Martial God realm beast was killed in seconds by Chen Ping!
The turtle moved its slow body and opened its mouth, sending a blazing flame towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping leapt forward, dodging the flames, and stood on top of the turtle’s back, his right fist clenched, a golden dragon wrapped around his arm!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping slammed his fist into the turtle’s back!
The turtle was hit by the punch and let out a wail of pain, twisting its body desperately to throw Chen Ping off!
Chen Ping’s feet fell like a thousand pounds and he stood firmly on the turtle’s back, followed by another blow!
After a series of three punches, the hard shell of the turtle finally cracked, and the turtle wailed and died from the rupture of its internal organs!
With no time to get out the animal pellet, Chen Ping rushed towards the next beast!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were red and he looked like a god of killing, and in the end, all five beasts died in Chen Ping’s hands!
Chen Ping looked coldly at the old man’s back, then said to Hu Puzi and the others, “Master Hu, take the animal pellet, it’s a gift to us, don’t want it for nothing ……”
Hu Pazi started to take out the animal pellet from the dead demon beast’s body!
The old man finally put down the fishing rod in his hand, slowly got up and stood up, slowly turned his head and looked at Chen Ping!
Although the old man had white hair, there was no wrinkle on his face and his skin was fine, just like a middle-aged man of about forty!
“At such a young age, you have such skills, no wonder you are so proud, but in this sea, only I am the master, anyone who comes here can only submit ……”
The old man finished his sentence and flicked his palm!
A huge force came towards Chen Ping and the others like a hurricane!
Chen Ping took a deep breath, his aura was at its peak, trying to resist the attack of this power!
Unfortunately, Chen Ping’s body was like a leaf in front of this huge force, and he was sent flying in an instant!
The corpses of Hu Ma Zi and the other demon beasts were blown away by the force!
Chen Ping’s body fell heavily on top of a boulder, which shattered, and his undestructive golden body instantly shattered and disappeared!
Chen Ping slowly got up and felt a pain in his chest, his internal organs tumbled and a mouthful of black blood spurted out!
Chen Ping looked at the old man in the distance with astonishment, but before he could react, the old man, who was a hundred metres away, suddenly arrived in front of Chen Ping’s face!