Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly put away the Supreme Flame, then said with a face full of embarrassment, “Old Sect Master, don’t be in a hurry, why are you still swearing ……”
“You just shouted with a mouthful of your virtuous son-in-law, if I am your virtuous son-in-law, having your Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame also belongs to the normal, right?”
“That’s to be right!”When the old Sect Master thought about it, he felt that Chen Ping had a point!
If Chen Ping really became his virtuous son-in-law, it would be normal to have their Violet Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame!
After all, these two types of Supreme Flames of the Purple Flame Sect, his own daughter all had them.
“You brat, you still dare to say that there is nothing going on with my daughters, she gave you all of our Violet Flame Sect’s top secret Supreme Flames.”
“In such a short period of time, you have mastered two of our Violet Flame Sect’s Supreme Flames, are you and my daughters in dual cultivation?”
“Because that’s the only way you can master these two types of Supreme Flames in the shortest amount of time.”
The old Sect Master reacted and asked Chen Ping!
Once Chen Ping heard that the old Sect Master had misunderstood, but he did not dare to say so explicitly, he could not say that his was the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Fire that he had stolen!
“Old Sect Master, still nothing can be hidden from your eyes!”
Chen Ping sighed, somewhat embarrassed, “Senior Sister Zhu Ling is thin-skinned, so she doesn’t want people to know about the dual cultivation matter.”
“That daughter of mine also had a hard life, now that she has found a dependence, I can feel a little more at ease.”
The old Sect Master had a relieved look on his face, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Since you are in dual cultivation with my daughter, what old Sect Master are you still shouting about, just shout father-in-law directly.”
“Don’t don’t don’t, how embarrassing!”
Chen Ping waved his hand repeatedly.
“What is there to be embarrassed about, you all have cooked raw rice.”
“However, apart from our Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Fire, your other three Supreme Fires seem to be more powerful, what are those Supreme Fires?”
The old Sect Master asked curiously to Chen Ping!
“The Devil’s Supreme Fire, the Earth’s Heart Fire, and the Extreme Cold Ice Flame ……”
Chen Ping followed the old Sect Master one by one as he spoke about the various Supreme Fires, and the old Sect Master was also enthralled!
“It’s true that heroes come out of youths, one generation is stronger than the next, my daughter can follow you, it’s also considered a blessing for him.”
The old Sect Master looked at Chen Ping appreciatively, “Since you have followed my daughter in dual cultivation, I believe it will be easier to make that Divine Flame Seal recognise its owner.”
“After all, my daughter’s bloodline is the same as mine, and the Divine Flame Seal will not have any resistance to my bloodline.”
“Old …… father in law, could it be that only your bloodline can make the Divine Fire Seal recognise its master?”Chen Ping asked in surprise!
“That’s not true, it’s just that the Divine Flame Seal has already recognised itself to me, so having my bloodline scent is more likely to make the Divine Flame Seal have little resistance.”
“If it was a brand new bloodline breath, the Divine Flame Seal would have violently resisted, it’s not that easy to get the Divine Flame Seal to recognise me.”
“Back then, when I made the Divine Flame Seal recognise its owner, it took me half a month, and I almost didn’t die!”
The old Sect Master slowly said!
Chen Ping nodded slowly after hearing this, he had never dual cultivated with Zhu Ling at all, he had only lied to the old Sect Master!
Now, it seemed that in order to learn the Supreme Fire Fusion, one had to first make the Divine Flame Seal recognise its owner, followed by using the Divine Flame Seal to sense the Supreme Fire Fusion!
In that case, one would really need to follow Zhu Ling for a bit of dual cultivation, that would make it easier for the Divine Flame Seal to recognise its owner!
Chen Ping wanted to, but he just didn’t know if Zhu Ling would agree!
“Daughter, come in ……”
The old Sect Master called out to Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling pushed open the door of the hall and walked in, when she saw that the black aura surrounding the old Sect Master’s body was gone and was obviously much more spirited, Zhu Ling was filled with incredulity!
“Father, are you …… you alright?”
Zhu Ling asked excitedly!
“It’s fine, the demonic soul in my sea of consciousness was eliminated, I have to say that the man you chose is really good.”
The old sect master nodded his head and said!