The longsword in his hand slashed through, and the heads of those severely injured members of the Skywolf Sect instantly flew high into the air and rolled down to the ground!
In the Celestial Realm, no one would be merciful or womanly!
Because every moment in the Celestial Realm, the story of the farmer and the snake was being played out.
No one knows how to be grateful ……
There were very few people who knew how to be grateful, especially in front of absolute benefits!
Luo Xi killed the crowd of the Skywolf Sect, and his heart seemed to be relieved as he let out a heavy breath!
“Let’s go, I’m afraid someone is coming ……”
Chen Ping called out to Luo Xi to leave!
Just as Chen Ping and the two of them had just left, there was a burst of black mist that came tumbling in, followed by the black mist turning into a large hand that hardened and tore a hole in the void!
Accompanied by a wild surge of breath, a figure slowly appeared from within that void!
This person was none other than Qi Peijia, who had just been attracted by the sound of the explosion!
And by Qi Peijia’s side, followed by a pale-faced Liu Xueyi!
After this fellow used the Blood Escape Technique to escape, his realm had unexpectedly dropped directly to the third rank of the Transition Realm, and his aura was much weaker, looking like he had fallen gravely ill!
“Duke Qi, just now that sound was like something exploded, what on earth exploded that would be so terrifying?”
Liu Xueyi asked to Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia didn’t say anything, but instead looked around at the wretched scene, and the weapons that were scattered all over the place, broken and tattered!
These weapons themselves were all crippled, and just after being affected by the explosion, many of them were already in tatters!
“There are some corpses there, let’s see what kind of people they are ……”
Qi Peijia found the corpses of those people from the Sky Wolf Sect, so he said to Liu Xueyi!
Liu Xueyi nodded, and then went over to check them out, and from the other’s clothes, he found out the identities!
“Sir Qi, these are all people from the Sky Wolf Sect, some of them were obviously affected by the explosion and died when their organs were shattered, but some of them had their heads chopped off ……”
Liu Xueyi said carefully!
Qi Peijia looked at the dead ones, and then looked at the scene, then slowly closed his eyes, and a hand gently crossed from his forehead!
Along with Qi Peijia’s forehead flickering with light, on that Qi Peijia’s forehead there was actually an extra eye, just like Er Lang Shen!
Seeing this scene, Liu Xueyi swallowed a mouthful of saliva in fear!
Only to see the eye on Qi Peijia’s forehead began to blink, and soon the world turned grey in Qi Peijia’s eyes!
And inside this grey world, everything that had just happened, there were actually residual shadows left behind!
“Heavenly …… Heavenly Underworld Eyes?”
Liu Xueyi was full of shock, to know that this Heavenly Underworld Eyes was a demonic mastery, I heard that it had been lost for a long time, he didn’t understand how this Qi Peijia could have Heavenly Underworld Eyes!
However, Liu Xueyi made up his mind at this moment, he must follow Qi Peijia well and serve him well!
Perhaps after the Divine Demon Battlefield closes, Qi Peijia will be able to help him regain it!
A few moments later, the eyes on Qi Peijia’s forehead slowly disappeared, then slowly opened his eyes!
“So it was the kid called Chen Ping who did this, this guy really got lucky, I don’t know what treasures he got, put them away and ran away.”
Qi Peijia said coldly!
“It was that Chen Ping who did this?” Liu Xueyi was stunned “Sir Qi, what is that Chen Ping’s strength that he was able to kill so many Skywolf Sect cultivators?”
“I couldn’t see them fighting, but those few cultivators who were beheaded, it was that Luo Xi who did it.”
“Looks like I need to raise the power of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes as soon as possible, what I can see now is still too short.”
Qi Peijia frowned slightly, if this Heavenly Underworld Eye of his was a little stronger, he would be able to see the process of Chen Ping and their fight, and he would be able to understand how exactly Chen Ping managed to do that, and defeat these Heavenly Wolf Sect cultivators!
“Then what do we do next?” Liu Xueyi asked!
“Of course we chase after him, we must catch up with that brat, there must be other secrets on that brat!”
After Qi Peijia finished speaking, he brought Liu Xueyi and chased after them in the direction Chen Ping and the others had disappeared!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, with Luo Xi in tow, was running furiously all the way, as he knew that there would definitely be danger following behind!