“You’ve been to the slammer? Where did you go for what?”Liu Zhongnan knew that Chen Ping was from the outside world and had no connection following Beast City, and did not understand why he had gone to the large prison!
“I have a friend whose brother is imprisoned inside the dungeon, so I went over to have a look!”Chen Ping explained!
“That dungeon ……”
Liu Zhongnan had just opened his mouth but suddenly closed it, then glanced around and said, “This is not the place to talk, I’ll take you to a restaurant, let’s talk while we eat!”
Chen Ping nodded and said, “Good!”
Chen Ping knew that perhaps there was a wiretap in this acquisition shop, or that the fellow was someone from the City Lord’s Office, and that this Liu Jiannan was not particularly free here!
Chen Ping followed Liu Zhongnan out from inside the room, both of them had smiles on their faces!
Since they had chosen to work together, and both sides were profitable, of course everyone was happy!
“Youngest Sister, go wait for me at the inn, I’ll go do something, and see if I can save your brother on the way!”
Chen Ping said to the youngest sister!
As soon as the youngest sister heard that Chen Ping was thinking of ways to save her brother, she was excited!
“Good, then I will wait for you at the inn!”
The youngest sister nodded!
After the youngest sister left, that Liu Zhongnan looked at the youngest sister’s back, and then said with a slight smile, “Fellow Daoist Chen’s good fortune is not shallow ah, according to my eye analysis, this woman should still be a yellow blossom girl!”
“Fellow Daoist Liu don’t talk about jokes, let’s go!”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, what did this Liu Jiannan think of himself as!
Liu Zhongnan brought Chen Ping to find a restaurant, which was very opulent, and the people who came in and out were all very rich and powerful.
“Boss Liu ……”
Just after walking into the restaurant, a shop assistant warmly entertained Liu Zhongnan!
It was obvious that Liu Jiannan was a regular customer here!
“Today I’m bringing friends, prepare the best wine and dishes you have here, in addition, prepare the Heavenly Character Box for me!”
After Liu Zhongnan finished speaking, he directly threw dozens of spirit coins to that shop assistant!
The shop assistant replied with a full mouth and invited Liu Zhongnan into the restaurant!
He then led Chen Ping and Liu Jinan up to the first floor and entered a very luxurious box!
Just after walking into the box, one could feel the rich spiritual qi continuously pouring into the body, a feeling of refreshment, very comfortable!
Chen Ping knew that there must have been formations placed inside this box to give this feeling!
The people who did business in this Beast City did have some brains!
“This Heavenly Character Box, there is only one in the entire restaurant, ordinary people who want to eat here don’t have that qualification.”
“In a moment, we will talk while eating, talking in this place, no one will overhear!”
Liu Zhongnan said as he invited Chen Ping to sit down!
“It seems like living in Beast City is quite enjoyable if you have money.”
Chen Ping swept a glance at the box and said!
“That’s for sure, it’s just that after so many years of isolation in Beast City, resources are already scarce, that’s why we risk going to the outside world.”
Liu Zhennan said!
“Do you know what your City Lord is acquiring so many Immortal Spirit Stones for?”Chen Ping asked!
“I don’t know, we are only responsible for acquiring them, as for what the City Lord uses the Immortal Spirit Stones for, we don’t know.”
“It should be using Immortal Spirit Stones to cultivate, I heard that our City Lord has already reached the Immortalisation Realm!”
Liu Zhennan said!
“Immortalisation Realm?”Chen Ping was slightly stunned, if this Beast City’s City Lord was really a Harmonised Immortal Realm expert, it would be too dangerous for him to be in Beast City at this moment!
“I’ve only heard about it, our City Lord doesn’t show his face much, and the matters of Beast City are usually handled by the three great Beast Generals under the City Lord’s seat.”
“That old man Zang is the guest secretary under one of the Beast Generals, otherwise he wouldn’t have been able to get his hands on that thing that points the way.”
Liu Zhongnan had no reservations about Chen Ping now!