But just now, when the tenth highness shot, the death and injury of the people of the imperial city is afraid that there are not ten thousand, there are also thousands of people!
“Damn, a little than cub, bully too much ……”
Master Limitless was also anxious, he knew that there was no way he could escape either, so he could only fight for his life!
Only to see that Master Limitless folded his hands together, the six-point ring scar on the top of his head suddenly flickered with light, and from Master Limitless’s arms, a surplice that shimmered with golden light also flew out!
The surplice floated in mid-air and slowly draped itself over the void, and in an instant, underneath that surplice, a golden Buddha statue that was a hundred feet tall appeared!
The golden Buddha was holding a Zen staff, and his body was emitting ten thousand golden lights.
Boom!
With a wave of the Zen staff in the Golden Buddha’s hand, ten thousand rays of Buddhist light shone, instantly blocking that terrifying aura!
Seeing that Master Limitless was so awesome and blocked the opponent’s attack, everyone couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief inside!
“Master Limitless, sure is strong ……”
Yu Wenqiang complimented!
“Master Immeasurable is worthy of being an accomplished monk, to be able to perform the Buddha’s Light Pervasive Illumination, it’s really awesome!”
Xiao Jian also boasted at Master Limitless!
He was able to have his current power in Cangwolf City thanks to this Immeasurable Master beside him!
When Master Limitless was complimented, his heart was suddenly happy!
He had already forgotten how he looked when he was just injured and spitting blood!
But just as the crowd’s words of praise fell, they saw that the Tenth Highness suddenly laughed and muttered, “This old bald donkey is so funny, he’s even more facetious than me!”
After saying that, that terrifying aura suddenly skyrocketed, and Master Infinite’s Buddhist light instantly dissipated, and even that hundred-foot golden Buddha instantly disappeared!
Only that surplice was left to flutter in the wind, and then suddenly flames rose up and burned the surplice cleanly!
Master Limitless was dumbfounded, that robe was his own most precious treasure!
After breaking that Buddha’s light, the terrifying aura didn’t stop, but continued to come towards the crowd!
Seeing this, Yu Wenqiang could only wave his hands, and a powerful aura erupted from his body, following the other party’s aura to collide together!
In an instant, everyone was sent flying out, and Yu Wenqiang’s face was unsightly!
After stopping their forms, they saw that that Tenth Highness was actually still approaching towards them without slowing down!
At some point, that 10th Highness had another lollipop in his mouth!
The Tenth Highness looked at the crowd with a smile on his face, as if he did not have any grudges following them, and the outburst he had just made was nothing more than teasing Chen Ping and the others!
High and mighty …………
Chen Ping had learnt that a small child could be so arrogant!
It looks like the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was right, the other party must be the Divine Race!
That kind of arrogance was emanating from his bones.
All arrogance comes from being beaten up less, if you were beaten up every time you appeared, you probably wouldn’t be able to be arrogant.
“If I hadn’t recovered, I would have to teach this little brat a good lesson.”
Chen Ping looked at that 10th Highness’s condescending appearance and became very annoyed inwardly!
So what if it was the Divine Race?
He himself was still of the Golden Dragon lineage of the Dragon Race, and he wasn’t as arrogant as this!
Yu Wenqiang and Grandmaster Limitless both looked back at Chen Ping!
Although Chen Ping did have some skills, and was able to fight over the levels!
However, facing this kind of expert, Chen Ping was afraid that he would not be a match for the other party even if he was a bully.
Feeling the gazes of Yu Wenqiang and Master Limitless, Chen Ping was a little embarrassed!
Just now, it seemed like he had unconsciously bragged, was this the talent possessed by the bloodline?
Chen Ping very much did not want to brag ……
“All of you, is that all the strength of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
“Too damn rubbish ……”
The Tenth Highness licked the lollipop, then pulled out the stick of the lollipop and swung it towards Chen Ping and the others!
Boom!
With this swing, a terrifying sword qi unexpectedly appeared and chopped at everyone!
“F*ck ……”
Everyone couldn’t help but burst out in foul language!
To use a lollipop stick and be able to wield such a terrifying sword qi with a single swing, wasn’t that too outrageous?
If everything was able to wield sword qi, then what was the point of having a sword?