Boom …………
Gu Ling’er’s punch was not too weak, and it hit Ye Yong’s body with a dull thud!
Just as Gu Ling’er let out a sigh of relief, her body was violently lifted up by someone directly.
Gu Ling’er was shocked, and when she looked at Ye Yong again, he was not affected in the slightest, the punch she had just thrown didn’t seem to have had any effect at all!
“He practices hard qigong, how could that tickling punch of yours possibly incapacitate him!”
Chen Ping had long since seen the doubt in Gu Ling’er’s eyes, so he spoke up and explained!
As soon as Gu Ling’er heard that, her face turned ugly, one hand hurriedly grabbed Ye Yong’s wrist, then twisted it hard, trying to make Ye Yong release himself, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t shake Ye Yong at all!
“Get out of here!”
Ye Yong let out a furious cry and directly threw Gu Ling’er out viciously!
“Ah …………”
Gu Ling’er let out a shriek, and her whole body ruthlessly crashed towards a wall!
If she hit the wall, even if she didn’t die, she would have to break a few bones!
Seeing that Gu Ling’er was about to hit the wall, Chen Ping suddenly leapt forward, grabbed Gu Ling’er’s body, and with a violent force, pulled Gu Ling’er into his arms!
Chen Ping hugged Gu Ling’er and landed steadily on the ground.
Gu Ling’er let out a long sigh of relief, but when she felt the warmth of Chen Ping’s body, she immediately came to her senses and said with a blush on her face, “Put me down quickly!”
Chen Ping hurriedly put Gu Ling’er down and said with an embarra*sed look on his face, “I didn’t mean to take advantage of you!”
Gu Ling’er knew that Chen Ping didn’t do it on purpose, he was just trying to save himself, but men and women are not intimate, let alone in front of so many people, being hugged by Chen Ping, Gu Ling’er was still blushing!
“Kid, go to the netherworld before you flirt!”
Ye Yong bellowed angrily and smashed his fist towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping dodged it with a side-step, but Ye Yong’s fist swung over quickly again!
Chen Ping just dodged and didn’t fight back, then he looked at Gu Ling’er and said, “If I fight back now, is it self-defence?”
At this moment, Gu Ling’er was already full of anger, when she heard Chen Ping ask this question, she immediately said, “It’s self-defense, kill him ……”
“No problem!” The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth raised, he was waiting for Gu Ling’er’s words!
Looking at Ye Yong’s look of anger, Chen Ping instantly let the aura in his dantian flow, then converged on top of his fist long ago, to deal with this kind of hard qi, one had to use the force in one place.
A faint mist began to rise from Chen Ping’s fist, then enveloped the entire fist!
“This …………”
Ye Yong saw the faint layer of mist on Chen Ping’s fist and acted cautiously grave for a moment!
“Silly big guy, why don’t you dare to make a move, if you don’t make a move, then I will come first!”
Chen Ping smiled playfully as his entire body suddenly leapt up and directly over Ye Yong’s head!
Ye Yong’s face changed and he hurriedly turned around and waved a punch towards the back, but it was already too late, Chen Ping had already punched Ye Yong in the back!
Stomp stomp stomp …………
Ye Yong took a few steps forward and almost fell to the ground before the force of Chen Ping’s fist was removed, but even so, he still felt his internal organs tossing and turning.
Taking a sharp breath, Ye Yong forced down the blood that was about to gush out, and then stared at Chen Ping with an extremely ugly face: “Kid, if I don’t kill you today, how can I, Ye Yong, have the face to return to Iron Gate Hall!”
As Ye Yong finished speaking, his body suddenly swelled up, and then a faint light could be seen around his body, because it was daytime, the light was not very obvious, but a rough outline could be seen, the light was like a big bell, covering Ye Yong’s whole body!