“Didn’t you want to save my body? Why are you begging me now?”
Chen Ping looked at that Qian Yue and said.
“Mr. Chen, I was babbling and talking nonsense at that time, don’t pay any attention to it!”
“You think about the fact that we are both human cultivators, let’s go around me this time!”
Qian Yue secretly screamed in his heart, how could he not expect that Chen Ping was so powerful and things had developed to such a point!
“Qian Yue, I gave you a chance, I also gave you a choice, but unfortunately you chose wrongly, not all mistakes in life can be regretted.”
“If you don’t defect to that Qiu Fu, your future achievements will be unlimited, and I can still give you great opportunities!”
“Pity, pity ……”
Chen Ping shook his head!
“Mr. Chen, I was wrong, spare my life, spare me ……”
Qian Yue was still begging for mercy, but his words came to an abrupt end before he could finish!
Only to see Chen Ping’s palm slap on that Qian Yue’s head, that Qian Yue’s brain directly burst, dead beyond death!
Qiu Tu and Master Luan on the side saw this scene and were shaking with fear!
Now that Qian Yue was dead, it was their turn next!
Especially that Master Luan, he followed Chen Ping without any grudges, and only did it to help Qiu Fu!
Now, seriously injured, he could only wait to die!
Seeing Chen Ping’s gaze placed on his body, that Master Luan then hurriedly kowtowed.
“Fellow Daoist, you and I have no grudges, it is all because of that Qiu Tint compulsion that I took action against fellow Daoist.”
“As long as fellow Daoist is willing to spare my life, I am willing to offer you all the treasures I have on me.”
“I know that you, Fellow Daoist, are very good at the art of Formation, I have four Formation Jade Slips here, all of which were found from some ancient ruins.”
“Because my attainments in the art of formations are not deep, all the delays in comprehending these formation jade slips, I am willing to hand them all over to fellow Daoist!”
In order to save his life, Master Luan trembled as he took out a storage bag!
Inside were some cultivation resources, and most importantly, these four Formation Jade Slips, which he had obtained many years ago from some ancient deserted relics!
After all, there were too few formation masters in the Celestial Realm, even if other people obtained these formation jade slips, they were useless, no one would use them, and there was no way to comprehend them!
This Luan master although the art of formation is also good, but still have no way to comprehend this formation jade in the record, so have been with the body, waiting for the day can be comprehended!
Now this situation, life is not guaranteed, stay these formation jade simply does not have any meaning!
So in order to save his life, this Master Luan could only take out all the treasures on his body, whether he could save his life or not would depend on whether he could satisfy Chen Ping!
However, since Chen Ping was also a Formation Master, he was definitely interested in the Formation Jade Slip from the Ancient Ruins!
At this moment, Master Luan had already lost the idea of resistance, not because he was timid, but because he knew that there was no difference between them and the ants in front of Chen Ping!
Being a mole cricket, how can one dare to make a mole cricket regret an elephant?
This point of self-knowledge, Master Luan still know, from the moment Chen Ping stepped through the Heaven Swallowing Gourd out, in fact, he knew!
But he was still undeterred, thinking that a few people could defeat Chen Ping by joining forces!
But it turned out to be a miserable defeat for the three of them!
“This Formation Jade Slip I heard that the records are all ancient formations, it’s just a pity that my Formation Cultivation is so shallow that I can’t see through it at all, I think that you, Fellow Daoist, surely don’t have a problem, you will definitely be able to bring your Formation Art to a higher level if you get these Formation Jade Slips.”
Master Luan handed over his own storage bag with both hands, that respectful look, following the beginning had been very different long ago!
Chen Ping actually did not care about the resources within that Master Luan’s storage bag, only to hear that there was an ancient formation jade slip, Chen Ping was very interested, so he reached out and took it!