“Now that the demonic sword has been destroyed, we are finally able to reincarnate and go ……”
The old man looked at Chen Ping and revealed a faint smile, then his figure slowly disappeared.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, sighed , a moment of greed had ruined a clan!
Chen Ping walked out and found that Hu Ma Zi had long since stopped waiting for him at the same spot!
So Chen Ping had to go back the way he came.
And at that moment, Pocky Hu was sitting in the ruins with a dejected look on his face!
“I think we’d better go back, those women of Chen Ping’s, I need to think of what to say to them!”
“This guy, he’s too strong, so many girls waiting for him, and he doesn’t even cherish them and dares to go in.”
“This is great, just hang up ……”
Hu Ma Zi followed Fan Jiang and they said.
“No …… it can’t be, can it? Chen Ping won’t die, he promised to treat my father.”
Anna’s eyes were filled with tears, if Chen Ping died, who would see his father?
“Master Hu, Mr. Chen wouldn’t die so easily, would he?”
“Did you see it with your own eyes?”
Fan Jiang was also a bit unconvinced, Chen Ping was the son of a dragon, so he would die so easily?
“Are you doubting me? It’s so dangerous inside, he definitely won’t survive ……”
Hu Pazi said with certainty.
“I also think Chen Ping won’t die.”
At this time, Ge Yuhan also spoke up.
But when Ge Yuhan spoke, Hu Pazzi did not refute, because he knew Ge Yuhan’s identity and did not dare to offend her too much!
“Even if you guys don’t believe me, then let’s wait here slowly for two days, if we can’t wait, then we will leave, we can’t die here all the time!”
Hu Pazi said helplessly.
“Master Hu, you said I was dead without even seeing it, isn’t that cursing me?”
At this moment, Chen Ping’s voice came from behind Pocky Hu!
“Chen Ping ……”
After seeing all of Chen Ping, Anna excitedly pounced over, “I knew you wouldn’t die.”
“Holy sh*t, you kid are really lucky, the sword Qi within that sword mound land is so terrifying, and you’re still alive.”
Pocky Hu was also a bit surprised!
“Mr. Chen, how did it go, did that divine sword arrive?”
Fan Jiang also asked with great interest.
“Let’s go out and talk while we walk …………”
Chen Ping said.
………………
Ice Bear Island, inside some hotel!
Gu Ling’er’s group of girls waited for Chen Ping one by one with dissatisfaction!
“This Chen Ping, what the hell does he mean, it’s been how many days, he left us at the foot of the mountain and just ignored it.”
“He must have been charmed by that foreign girl and couldn’t bear to come back!”
“Will Brother Chen Ping be in danger?”
The daily business of the group of women was to wait for Chen Ping to return.
As a man, Zhao Zhaogong was reduced to being an object of these women’s orders, whether it was buying things or pouring tea, Zhao Zhaogong did it all!
Zhao Barging can’t afford to offend these girls, except for Xiao Ru, maybe all the girls here will become Chen Ping’s women.
Who would Zhao dare to offend?
But just as the girls were chattering away, Chen Ping came back!
When they saw Chen Ping coming back, all their complaints about him disappeared and they all rushed up to him, wanting to give him a hug!
But unfortunately, with so many people around, no one was embarra*sed!
“Did you miss me?”
Chen Ping looked at the group of women in front of him, then smiled faintly and said, “Come one by one, I’ll give you all a hug.”
“Hmph, you’re thinking good thoughts, sisters, let’s ignore her ……”
Xiaolan snorted coldly and gave Chen Ping a white look!
“Right, ignore him, who let him leave us alone.”
Ge Jiayi spoke up.
The group of girls all went back to their rooms, but Chen Ping could tell that these girls had worry on their faces about him!
Hu Ma Zi looked at this scene and his eyes were red with envy!