As Song Qingping listened to the words coming out of Ning Zhi’s mouth, his entire body could not help but break out in a cold sweat!
He felt that the man in front of him was so meticulous that he would calculate so far, that even he was being counted on!
Looking at Song Qingping like that, Ning Zhi smiled faintly, “Don’t worry, as long as our Demon Heart Sect annexes the Demon Spirit Sect, your merits will be remembered by the Great Power.”
“Thank you, Lord Demon Envoy ……”
Song Qingping bowed his head slightly, he found himself in front of Ning Zhi, not daring to think of anything else in the slightest!
He had been lurking in the Demon Spirit Sect for so many years that his mind had long since been tempered to a rippling state!
But when faced with Ning Zhi, Song Qingping’s heart kept beating a drum!
…………
Within South Lake City, many people dressed in uniform were holding a picture and constantly searching for it!
These were all people from the Zheng family, and in the photo was that Wan Hong!
Wan Hong had lied to Zheng An Guo, Zheng An Guo couldn’t let him go!
At this moment, Zheng Kai, also with two Grand Martial Marquis, was searching the streets!
“D*mn it, when I find that old thing, I’ll definitely give him a sky lantern ……”
Zheng Kai said cursingly.
And at this time, that Wan Hong was drinking tea at a teahouse, quietly waiting for tomorrow night to fall!
Because this kind of ten thousand year old medicinal herbs out of the world, will choose in the night of the full moon.
Soon, a pair of people dressed in uniform rushed up to the teahouse, then took the photos in their hands and started checking out the tea drinkers one by one!
Wan Hong took a bite and frowned slightly, he knew these were the Zheng family’s people, but with such a show of people from the Zheng family, he wondered what kind of people they were going to arrest?
Just as Wan Hong wondered what kind of person these people were looking for, a Zheng family member suddenly looked at Wan Hong, and then at the photo in his hand!
“Found it ……”
That Zheng family member suddenly let out a shout!
Everyone, in unison, looked at Wan Hong!
At this moment, Wan Hong also knew that it turned out that these Zheng family members were looking for themselves.
They saw several Zheng family members holding machetes and just saw them slashing towards Wan Hong!
Although Wan Hong was not afraid of the Zheng family members, for the sake of unnecessary trouble and to interfere with taking the ten thousand year old herbs, Wan Hong leapt from the upper floor!
This was the sixth floor, so Wan Hong leapt and landed firmly on the ground, then he sneered and glanced at the panicked Zheng family members upstairs and turned to leave!
But just as Wan Hong’s face was disdainful, three people suddenly walked towards him.
It was Zheng Kai with two Great Martial Marquis, after seeing Wan Hong, Zheng Kai’s eyes just lit up: “Good you liar, finally found you, you dare to cheat on my Zheng family, you are simply looking for death ……”
Seeing this, Wan Hong turned around and was about to run, but the two Great Martial Marquis of the Zheng Family leapt and directly stopped Wan Hong!
Wan Hong looked at the Zheng Family’s two Great Martial Marquis, and the Zheng Kai who was eyeing him, and his brow frowned slightly.
Although Wan Hong’s strength was not weak, but facing two Great Martial Marquises plus Zheng Kai, a Martial Marquis, it was almost impossible for him to fight three with one.
“Zheng Gongzi, what do you mean? Why don’t I understand? When have I ever lied to your Zheng family?”
Wan Hong asked, pretending to be stupid.
“D*mn it, you’re still playing dumb for me, you told our Zheng family the general location of a herb coming out, but you yourself secretly found the location and set up the formation!”
“It seems that you planned this long ago, using our Zheng family to attract the attention of others while you took the 10,000 year old medicinal herb that was secretly hidden with the formation.”
“Is that right?”
Zheng Kai questioned loudly at Wan Hong.
Wan Hong froze, he didn’t know how that Zheng Kai knew about his plan, he had seen clearly when he cast the spell, there was no one there at all!
Seeing that Wan Hong hesitated to speak, Zheng Kai said in a stern voice, “You now obediently follow me back to see my father, and subsequently kneel down and kowtow to admit your mistakes, and see if my father will forgive you ……”