Chen Ping understood, so he followed Ji Meiyan inside the door of light!
As the two of them were wrapped in light, a vast aura filled the air and Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan’s bodies disappeared!
“Hey …………”
The Great Ancestor sighed again and closed his eyes again!
Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan only felt a flash of white light, and immediately after, they appeared in the middle of a mountain forest!
This mountain forest was full of flowers and looked very beautiful!
However, Chen Ping knew that this so-called Ji Family Ancestral Land should be nothing more than a world opened up by the old ancestors of the Ji Family, using formations!
The purpose was to leave some resources for future generations, so that the Ji Family would not decline after hundreds of years!
“Within this Ji Family Ancestral Ground of ours, we have the most gold origin, because the old ancestors of our Ji Family in the past, all perceived the gold origin.”
“But there are also other origins, all of which are just auxiliary origins, lesser ones, only the gold origin has the most!”
“The Gold Origin is a defensive Origin, if you can sense the Gold Origin, your body’s defence will be even stronger.”
“It’s just a pity that I don’t have an Origin Space, and I haven’t sensed the Origin yet, so I can only find some other resources in this Ancestral Land.”
Ji Meiyan said!
After all, perverted talents like Chen Ping’s were in a very small minority, opening the Origin Space at the Harmonisation Realm, and also perceiving several types of Origin!
Chen Ping felt those masterless Origin sources around him and instinctively found a place to sit down on his knees, then began to intend to absorb the enlightenment!
“What are you doing?”
Ji Meiyan asked!
“Of course it’s to sense the origin ah, although there are a lot of gold origin in here, but I haven’t sensed the gold origin yet, and there’s no way to absorb and refine it, I need to sense it first before I say ……”
Chen Ping intended to sense the gold system origin, so that he could not only absorb the ownerless origin breath here, but also have one more origin power!
By the time he had sensed the Golden Origin, Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body would be on the next level!
With the addition of the Golden Origin to the Unbreakable Golden Body, it would definitely be able to be as solid as a rock.
“Like you, sitting on the ground and meditating, who knows what year or month you will be able to perceive the Golden Origin.”
Ji Meiyan said with a smile!
“Then how?” Chen Ping asked in surprise!
“Within this Ancestral Land, there are Origin Illusionary Beasts that exist, and these Origin Illusionary Beasts are all born because of the richness of the ownerless Origin Breath and then born into existence.”
“Especially the Gold Illusionary Beasts have the most, if you want to comprehend the Gold Origin, then kill those Gold Illusionary Beasts, and you will be able to comprehend the Origin the fastest.”
Ji Meiyan introduced!
Chen Ping was directly dumbfounded upon hearing this, he did not expect that there were still Origin Illusion Beasts within this Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground, but in that case, then it was indeed much faster than forcing himself to comprehend!
“Since you can perceive the Origin by killing Origin Illusionary Beasts, why don’t you guys go ahead and kill them? That way you guys can also perceive the Origin.”
Chen Ping asked suspiciously!
This was because it seemed that none of the several siblings of the Ji Clan had ever perceived the Origin, and if slaying an Origin Illusionary Beast would enable them to perceive it, then they should all have perceived the Origin!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Ji Meiyan couldn’t help but roll her eyes and said, “You’re in over your head, we haven’t even opened the Origin Space, so what’s the point of killing more Origin Phantom Beasts?”
When Ji Meiyan said this, Chen Ping realised, and smiled awkwardly, “I’m sorry, I forgot about the origin space ……”
Only by opening the Origin Space can one truly perceive the power of the Origin, but the Origin Space is not that good to open.
“Let’s go, I’ll take you to those Origin Mirage Beasts, but I can’t help you kill them, after all, it’s useless for me to kill them.”
Ji Meiyan said!
“I understand, thank you Miss Ji ……”
Chen Ping said gratefully!
When Ji Meiyan heard this, she was instantly upset and looked at Chen Ping somewhat angrily “You just played with me, and now you’re raising your trousers and denying it?”