Old Jia’s courtyard!
Chen Ping was alone, standing quietly in front of the Mountain Precious Tree, which looked ordinary, and the courtyard behind it was passed by from time to time, no one ever took a close look at it!
But Chen Ping’s eyes were full of envy, because this Mountain Precious Tree had grown up by absorbing Immortal Qi, so there was a large amount of Immortal Qi inside the tree!
If Chen Ping was able to absorb the Immortal Qi within this tree, he might be able to break through the Harmonisation Realm!
After all, in this Celestial Realm, although there was aura everywhere, true Immortal Qi was very rare!
Absorbing Immortal Qi to cultivate would be many times faster than absorbing Spiritual Qi to cultivate!
Chen Ping took a hard breath, the tree was surrounded by a formation, so the immortal qi in the tree would not leak out!
It should be that there was a gap in the formation that wrote the slightest hint of Immortal Qi and was detected by Chen Ping!
Otherwise, Chen Ping would not have taken a second glance at this ordinary tree!
“This tree of mine was moved right from the Chilian Mountain Range, when I first discovered this tree, there was a skeleton under this tree, it should be an Immortal who died in the God-Devil War back then.”
“And this tree is absorbing the immortal qi within the immortal’s body to grow up, now this tree also contains immortal qi within it ……”
At this time, Old Jia followed Cai Hongwei over!
Since Chen Ping already knew about the special nature of this tree, so Old Jia did not hide it and directly told the origin of this tree!
When Cai Hongwei heard this, he was envious and said “Old Jia, your luck is really invincible, I have travelled from that Red Lining Mountain Range many times, and I have yet to come across a single one, not even a single Immortal Beast.”
“Immortal beasts ……” old Jia faintly smiled “you do not meet the immortal beasts, at that time, I am afraid you want to be eaten by the immortal beasts, on your this is, but also can not deal with the immortal beasts.”
“Senior Jia, can I use something else, to exchange this tree of yours?”
Chen Ping wanted this tree very much, to absorb the Immortal Qi inside!
“No exchange, not with anything.”
“I will only give you the tree if you can only use healing my great niece as a condition.”
“It’s just a pity that my great niece has already been cured, so there’s no chance for you to get the tree in.”
Old Jia shook his head and said!
Chen Ping smiled faintly “Don’t say the words too dead, maybe I still have a chance ……”
When Lao Jia heard this, his face turned slightly cold and said “Don’t think about stealing this tree from me, you don’t have that ability and you can’t leave Meteor Sun City.”
Old Jia thought Chen Ping meant to steal his tree!
“Stealing things is not something I, Chen Ping, would do.”
“When the time comes, I will make you willingly give me your tree.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and went back to his room to rest!
“Hmph, too arrogant ……”
Old Jia snorted coldly, not putting Chen Ping in his heart at all!
A Harmonisation realm minor cultivator, even if he was a pharmacist, he was still just a low level pharmacist, if it wasn’t because of Cai Hongwei, Lao Jia wouldn’t have let Chen Ping live in his courtyard!
The next day!
Protector Gong refined a pill and sent it directly to the City Lord’s residence!
City Lord Sun, on the other hand, personally greeted him with respect!
“City Lord Sun, I refined an elixir overnight, you can give it to Miss Sun, you only need to take three consecutive elixirs that I have refined, I guarantee that Miss Sun will be cured.”
Protector Gong said as he handed over a blackish pill!
City Lord Sun carefully received the pill and said with a happy face “Apothecary Gong is truly an excellent healer, he refined the pills so quickly.”
“Throughout the Celestial Realm, I’m afraid that pharmacists with strengths like Master Gong’s are rare, many of them are charlatans nowadays.”
“Yesterday came a young man, also claimed to be a pharmacist, nonetheless said that my daughter was poisoned, also said that Apothecary Gong is a demonic cultivator, said that there is demonic qi in my daughter’s body, what nonsense.”
City Lord Sun bragged to Protector Gong!