The secret realm of the Devil’s Heart Sect!
Chen Ping still didn’t know about Ning Zhi being rescued, and when he slowly opened his eyes, he found that it was already dawn!
“Yu Qi, where exactly are you?”
Chen Ping looked around at the vast expanse of mountains and forests, there was no scent for more than ten miles around, which meant that Su Yuqi was not around here!
Chen Ping didn’t know how big the secret realm was, even though he had entered it, it would be like looking for a needle in a haystack if he wanted to find Su Yuqi!
But no matter what, since he had entered, Chen Ping had to save Su Yuqi before he would go out!
Unknowingly, Chen Ping had already walked out for more than ten miles. Along the way, Chen Ping had been emitting his divine sense, probing everything around him, but he still hadn’t found anything!
There was no scent to be found, not even an animal!
“Such a dense spiritual energy and comfortable environment, is there no one in this secret area?”
Chen Ping was muttering a little in his heart at this point!
It had been so long, but he hadn’t come across a single person from the Demon Heart Sect, so Chen Ping had some doubts as to whether this secret realm was the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect or not!
Half a day had pa*sed, but Chen Ping was still wandering around in the secret realm, and there was not even a single living thing in the whole realm, except for the mountains, forests and boulders!
At first, Chen Ping didn’t feel anything, but as time went on, he felt that something was wrong with this secret realm!
There were no people, no animals, it was as if it was a prison!
And while Chen Ping was still searching for Su Yuqi everywhere in the secret realm, inside another secret realm hall of the Demon Heart Sect!
Seven people dressed in purple robes were gathering together, all of these purple robes were covered by black scarves, and their faces could not be seen.
Above the main seating area was the great power that was forever shrouded in black mist!
Ning Zhi, on the other hand, was at the lower position, standing solemnly, looking somewhat tense!
Even the demon amba*sador beside him had stiffened his face muscles, tense as ever!
This was because everyone sitting here was the most central figure of the Demon Heart Sect, for only the core senior figures of the Demon Heart Sect were worthy of possessing purple robes.
Even though the Devil Envoy had been in the Demon Heart Sect for many years, he had never seen a time when so many senior figures of the Demon Heart Sect were all gathered together!
Now that all these people are actually sitting together, that proves that something big is going to happen ……
The great power’s eyes swept through the great hall, then slowly spoke, “Gentlemen, it is time to begin ……”
The seven purple robes nodded, and then each of them held a black gold ball only the size of a fist in their hands!
Soon, these black gold balls all emitted light, and the seven rays of light finally converged together, before a large door unexpectedly slowly appeared in the void!
Only to see on the gate were two grim-faced human heads, which looked very frightening!
The great power then similarly took out a black gold ball and flicked his palm over the surface of the black gold ball, a dazzling black light, instantly shot towards the gate that had appeared!
Creak …………
There was only an ear-piercing, heavy sound as the gate was slowly opened, followed by a harsh, miserable scream from behind the gate!
It was a sound that sent goosebumps all over one’s body, as if it came from the depths of hell!
“Ning Zhi …………”
Da Neng shouted at Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi hurriedly went forward and knelt down, “My subordinate is here ……”
“This is the Gate of Hell, you walk through it now, and when you can come out of it, you will be a true Demon Warrior, and you will go from being a martial artist to a true cultivator!”
“At that time, you can survive for a thousand years, you can fly into the sky, and you can even tear through space and time, step into the Celestial Realm, and become a generation of devils ……”
“With your physique, you will not be destined to be just a mundane martial artist, are you willing to accept the Hell’s Gate experience?”
The great power’s voice was soft, as if an elder was following his child and telling him something!