A golden glow once again wrapped around Chen Ping’s entire body, and a piece of scale armour emerged and wrapped around Chen Ping’s body!
Even within Chen Ping’s eyes, flames could be seen dancing.
“This Chen Ping is actually burning his essence blood as well, he’s making a death struggle!”
“Such a talent is going to be ruined here today, burning essence blood, it’s like killing a chicken to get an egg!”
“It’s useless, I’ve never heard of anyone being able to escape this Purgatory Yoke of the Enforcement Elder ……”
The crowd was chattering, some of them were feeling sorry for Chen Ping!
After all, it’s not easy for a genius to appear in the martial arts world, and Chen Ping was a genius, except that Chen Ping’s nature doomed him to not go far!
“Don’t struggle anymore, if you continue to struggle, you will only die on the spot ……”
Zhu Zhishan said coldly.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, his scarlet eyes looked at Zhu Zhishan, and the golden light emanating from his body continued to soar!
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping let out a hissing roar, followed by a golden dragon within his body rising to the sky!
In an instant, an unprecedented aura emanated from Chen Ping’s body, an aura that no one had ever felt before!
It was as if it was emanating from the Nine Hells, and the aura carried a strong smell of death!
Everyone was startled by this aura, and their bodies trembled!
Seeing this, the four Law Enforcement Elders all had their veins rippling as a constant stream of suppressive force pressed towards Chen Ping!
The essence blood within Chen Ping’s body was burning brightly, and the golden light on his body soared as if the sun had fallen from the sky!
“Kill him ……”
Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan’s muscles twitched at the corners of his eyes as he ordered loudly.
With a nod of their heads, the four law enforcement elders all instantly gathered regal power, and as the four strands of power came together, a heaven-destroying aura swept through the entire venue!
Rumble …………
The heavens and the earth trembled, the sun and the moon had no light ……
No one could survive the combined efforts of the four Law Enforcement Elders!
A force that tore through space and time struck fiercely towards Chen Ping’s body.
At this moment, Chen Ping was still bound and could only watch as this power was about to penetrate his body, but there was nothing he could do!
He could not break free from this invisible shackle!
“The four Law Enforcement Elders of the Martial Union, yet you are joining forces against a young man, do you want to be shameless?”
With a furious shout!
A ray of light flashed from the sky!
It instantly tore apart the force that tore through space and time, and peace was instantly restored to the scene!
The crowd, startled, hurriedly looked and found that in the distance, four figures were getting closer and closer!
Even from a great distance apart, the crowd could feel the terrifying aura from the four men.
The invisible shackles controlling Chen Ping also instantly disappeared, and the faces of the four Enforcement Elders became unsightly!
“The Four Villains of the Valley of the Wicked ……”
I don’t know who shouted out, but the scene was suddenly filled with shrieks!
Everyone raised their hearts to their throats, these four villains were unpredictable, if one of them was unhappy, these people might all be unlucky now.
Zhu Zhishan’s face changed again and again as he watched the four villains approaching from afar, and hurriedly whispered a few words in Guo Wei’s ear.
Guo Wei nodded and disappeared in a single bound.
Chen Ping slowly lifted his head and looked at the four men who had saved him!
Only to see the bodies of four men floating down, each of them very distinctive looking!
One of them, an old man with a bald head but a flowery white beard, looked at Chen Ping who had fallen to the ground and with a gentle wave of his body, a soft power wrapped around Chen Ping and immediately afterwards the injuries on his body recovered at a speed visible to the naked eye.
“Mr. Chen ……”
At this moment, Zhao Wuji, Zhao Liguo and the others surged up and helped Chen Ping up.
“Thank you to the four seniors for coming to the rescue!”
Chen Ping said with a slight bow towards the four.
“No need to thank us, we were just entrusted by others, but at your young age, you dare to provoke the Martial Arts Union of Kyoto, you really have some guts ……”
The old man with the white beard said.