It’s just sacrificing your son’s feelings for the cause you’re fighting for!
This was selfish!
Xiao Feng was incomparably agitated, then he looked towards Chen Ping and suddenly knelt down!
One must know that Xiao Feng was a royal son, his status was noble and unrivalled, so how could he easily kneel to someone!
However, at this moment, Xiao Feng knelt for Chen Ping!
The reason he knelt to Chen Ping was not because Chen Ping saved his life, because Xiao Feng did not care about his life!
He knelt to Chen Ping because Chen Ping had fulfilled him, making it possible for him to follow the woman he loved!
“Prince Xiao, you must not ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping rushed forward to assist Xiao Feng!
The surrounding crowd were all incomparably envious, even Prince Xiao had knelt down to Chen Ping, if at this time, Chen Ping put forward a little request, I believe that Xiao Yuanshan would not hesitate to agree!
In the future, he would also definitely become the guest of honour of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Little brother, you saved my son and are worthy of his obeisance.”
“From today onwards, you are the supreme honoured guest of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty, when do you go to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, when do you casually enter and exit the palace.”
After Xiao Yuanshan finished speaking, he took out a golden token and handed it to Chen Ping!
When the crowd saw this token, they were really drooling with envy, with this token, Chen Ping could freely go in and out of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and he also had great rights!
However, Chen Ping did not take the token at the first time, because what Chen Ping wanted was not the token, but the Immortal Bone!
What if he asked for the token and the other party did not give the Immortal Bone?
Xiao Yuanshan saw Chen Ping’s concern, so he smiled and said, “Little brother, you take this token, the reward on the medical search list, what should be given to you will still be given to you, only I don’t have the Immortal Bone with me, so I need to fetch it for you!”
Chen Ping heard Xiao Yuanshan say this and took the token over with an awkward smile!
“I still believe in Emperor Xiao’s character!”
Chen Ping laughed!
“Little brother, I still don’t know your identity, I wonder if I can tell?”
Xiao Yuanshan asked!
“I am Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping spoke his name!
“Chen Ping?”
Xiao Yuanshan froze!
There were also many pill masters who all froze, as many were familiar with this name!
After all, many people knew about the person who had been put to death by the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred-year offering!
“Are you that Chen Ping who was hunted down and killed by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings?”
Xiao Yuanshan asked!
“Emperor Xiao actually knows about this matter as well?”
Chen Ping asked rhetorically, but this was tantamount to admitting his identity!
Seeing that Chen Ping had admitted it, many people had hungry wolf-like gazes in their eyes, itching to rush up and grab Chen Ping right now!
A hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, that was a resource that was unimaginable!
Chen Ping was also able to feel the hungry wolf-like gazes in the crowd!
However, Chen Ping was not afraid, since he dared to expose his identity and admit it, he would not be afraid!
“This matter, I think the Celestial Realm has almost reached the point where no one knows about it, how could I not know about it.”
“But for you to dare to admit your identity in public, you really have some guts, aren’t you afraid?”
Xiao Yuanshan was curious as to why Chen Ping dared to reveal his identity!
With so many people, there could be quite a few people who were yearning for the Centennial Offerings of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“There’s nothing to be afraid of, it’s just a matter of soldiers coming to stop and water coming to cover the earth.”Chen Ping acted very calmly!
“Backbone, since you saved my son today, I am giving you a gift!”
Xiao Yuanshan finished speaking, his body leapt up and floated in mid-air, then looked down at the bottom and said, “All of you are here today, I want to announce in public that little brother Chen Ping is guaranteed by my Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
“In the future, Chen Ping will be my Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s honoured guest, I don’t care if it’s someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance or someone else, if you dare to make a move against Chen Ping, don’t blame me, Xiao Yuanshan, for turning the tables on him!”
“I advise all of you, don’t lose your lives for that nebulous hundred year offering, people are dead, it’s useless if you want more resources!”
After saying that, Xiao Yuanshan slowly fell down!