“If you follow me, then you have to treat them equally, you have to give them both points or I’ll beat you up!”
Chen Ping looked at Lin Kefan and said with a stern face!
The Flower Staff Weng and Ink Killing Shadow were moved to tears when they saw Chen Ping in this manner!
They couldn’t wait to kowtow to Chen Ping a few times!
This was a good fucking leader!
Seeing that Chen Ping was about to get real, Lin Kefan said, “Chen Ping, let me tell you the truth, I am Lin Kefan, the fourth prince of Sun Moon City.”
“Has my sister Lin Keting already made a private arrangement with you? Speaking of which, you still have to call me a fourth uncle!”
“What? You are from Sun Moon City?”Chen Ping pretended to be surprised, then shook his head, “Impossible, you are definitely not from Sun Moon City, don’t lie to me, what evidence do you have?”
“This is my token, take a look at it ……” Lin Kefan gave Chen Ping his token!
Chen Ping just took a look, then incredulously said, “You’re really the fourth prince of Sun Moon City, my fourth uncle ……”
“Then …… then that guy I beat up two days ago, isn’t he my great uncle?”
“Not bad, he is our Sun Moon City’s Grand Imperial Prince Lin Ke Dong, I came this time to bring you to Sun Moon City.”Lin Kefan nodded his head and said!
“Holy shit, isn’t this a case of the family not recognising the family after the great water has washed over the Dragon King’s Temple? Why did my great uncle want to kill me?”Chen Ping deliberately played dumb and asked!
“Don’t ask so many questions, come back to Sun Moon City with me first, just make this matter clear!”
Lin Kefan couldn’t say that his big brother had come to kill his brother-in-law for the Ten Temples Execution Order!
“I’m not going, I beat up my great uncle, if I go to Sun Moon City, I won’t be skinned ah.”
Chen Ping shook his head.
Seeing this, Lin Kefan hurriedly assured, “Don’t worry, I’ll protect you, and I’ll also put in a good word for you in front of Father Emperor.”
“Little sister is under house arrest, she misses you, don’t you want to see her?”
“Fourth uncle, this is what you said, you must protect me?”Chen Ping pretended to be scared and said!
“Don’t worry, you have given me so many good things, how could I not protect you, besides you are still my brother-in-law, no one will dare to touch you in Sun Moon City!”Lin Kefan patted his chest and assured!
“Good, I’ll go with you!”Chen Ping saw Lin Kefan’s chest-beating guarantee, and only then did he nod his head in agreement!
“Then let’s get going before it’s too late!”
Lin Kefan saw that Chen Ping had agreed, so he planned to depart back!
But just as he was about to leave, that Mo Killing Shadow grabbed Chen Ping, “Fellow Daoist Chen, I would like to ……”
“Mo Killing Shadow, what are you going to do? Are you going to betray the Fourth Prince and really follow that Chen Ping?”
The Flower Staff Weng loudly questioned at Mo Killing Shadow!
Lin Kefan also frowned and looked at Mo Killing Shadow with a gloomy face!
Although Chen Ping was considered to be their Sun Moon City’s auntie, but Mo Killing Shadow, as his own personal follower, could never be following anyone else besides obeying himself!
This if Mo Killing Shadow changed masters, Lin Ke Fan would have no place to put this face!
“Old Weng, you’ve misunderstood, how could I possibly betray the Fourth Prince.”
After Mo Killing Shadow finished speaking, he looked at Chen Ping with a serious face and said, “Fellow Daoist Chen, my father is also a strong person at the peak of the ninth level of the Mahayana realm, his strength is even stronger than mine, do you think you can get him to follow you?”
Chen Ping: “？？？？”
Flower Staff Weng: “…………”
Lin Kefan: “…………”
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I don’t mean anything else, I’m just asking my father to follow you, it’s not a problem to go through fire and water, you just need to give him a little bit of Immortal Spirit Stones.”
“At that time, the immortal spirit stone in my father’s hand, isn’t it also my inheritance, it’s all mine anyway ……”
Mo Killing Shadow gave a slightly embarrassed smile!
Chen Ping understood that Mo Killing Shadow’s meaning, and said with a slight smile, “If your father is at the peak of the ninth level of the Mahayana realm, then you can let him come, ten thousand Immortal Spirit Stones for him to use first ……”
“Good good good, I’ll inform my dad ……” Mo Killing Shadow nodded excitedly and immediately used the jade slip to send a voice message to his old dad!