Lu Bu Wei pondered for a moment and finally nodded, he could only agree to the Lu factory, but still urged, “After you go out, you must be careful, I don’t know how many clans and families will gather on Penglai Island this time, you must not take any risks, often only those who stand to the end are the victors.”
“I know.”
Plant Lu nodded, then left the secret realm with an excited face!
………………
Penglai Island!
At this moment, hundreds of people of high strength had gathered on Penglai Island, these people belonged to all the major clans and families and came from all over the country, and there was a constant stream of people still coming up to Penglai Island!
On this Penglai Island, there was no order to restrain these people, but all these people were occupying a place each, not fighting, and seemed to be waiting for something!
“Lord Demon Envoy, I didn’t expect so many people to come on this Penglai Island.”
A black and gold robe looked at the many experts on Penglai Island and sighed in disbelief!
“It seems that the clans in the eight mysterious realms have also long been cultivating their forces in the secular world, and they’re all hidden deep enough.”
Ning Zhi spoke slowly, but what came out of his mouth was that pale what-yah voice.
They, the Demon Heart Sect, were supporting the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance behind the scenes, also so that one day they could give the Demon Heart Sect a place in the mundane world!
And even more so to use the Martial Alliance to gather information!
“Senior, then the trap we laid on Penglai Island will make all these people fall for it?”
Ning Zhi asked with some concern when he saw that there were too many people here.
After all, there were too many people here, too many bodies, and they just didn’t know if the trap they’d laid was big or not!
“Don’t worry about it, the people from these clans are only as strong as Grand Martial Marquis, we still need to be afraid of them!”
“Even if some of their clans have Martial Saint Artifacts, we still don’t need to be afraid, four Black Gold Robes are following, what are you afraid of? I see you are getting more and more timid, scared by that Chen Ping.”
The devil amba*sador spirit said with some displeasure.
Ning Zhi did not dare to speak anymore, and then the spirit then turned to the four black golden robes and said, “You guys change your clothes and go spread the news that there are relics in the very centre of Penglai Island, and that there are spell formations inside to activate the revival of spiritual energy.”
“As you command ……”
The four black and gold robes nodded and then left!
“Senior, could there really be a relic and that spell formation on this Penglai Island?”
Ning Zhi asked curiously.
“I don’t know if there are any relics, but there would definitely be a spell formation or a divine altar or something, otherwise how would that aura recovery choose this place?”
The devil amba*sador said indifferently.
“That aura revival, isn’t that due to the laws of heaven and earth?”
Ning Zhi was astonished for a moment, could the laws of heaven and earth still be artificially controlled!
“You are too naive, the laws of heaven and earth are also established by men, including the entire world, which was built by some god.”
“The powers of heaven and earth seem to mortals to be the forces of nature, while to us these are the powers of the gods.”
“Beyond this, there are vast worlds of space, just as there are those eight secret realms, and if there are immortals who can create the eight secret realms, then there will be gods who create other worlds, even the universe ……”
“Only, these are not things I can understand, what we need to do now is to find a way to strengthen ourselves, penetrate the laws of this heaven and earth, and go to another world to meet the Demonfather ……”
The spirit spoke slowly, listening to that Ning Zhi’s entire brain was not enough!
Ning Zhi was not a cultivator, so he didn’t know much about many things, it was only after he joined the Martial Dao Alliance that this made him understand something about the Immortal Cultivation World!
But now, as he listened to the Demon Envoy’s words, Ning Zhi suddenly felt as if there was a pair of eyes in the underworld that were watching each and every one of them.
“What am I telling you this for, you don’t understand ……”
The spirit reacted and felt that he had said a little too much following Ning Zhi, so he said, “Let’s go, go to the ruins and check them out again, as long as those family members are tricked into going in, then let them be buried inside forever.”