When the others heard what Pocky Hu said, they couldn’t help but cover their mouths and burst out laughing!
Even Deacon Lu, who had been full of nervousness, was directly laughing out loud at this moment!
“Are you showing that you’re different? With a green hat on your head, you’re bullying?”
Chen Ping said with a sneer on his face as he turned to Song Qingping.
At this moment, Song Qingping’s face was deformed with anger as he fiercely gritted his teeth and said, “Laugh all you want, I will show you the power of my Spiritual Wood Duel ……”
After saying that, only to see that green buds actually began to grow from Song Qingping’s head, followed by a vine appearing and wrapping around Song Qingping’s entire body.
At this moment, Song Qingping looked like he was wearing a vine armor, and his two hands also turned into like vines, instantly attacking towards Chen Ping!
Looking at Song Qingping’s appearance, Chen Ping’s eyes showed some surprise!
He did not know whether this Song Qingping was a human or a tree demon in disguise.
But just as Chen Ping was dazed, two vines had already reached Chen Ping’s eyes and instantly wrapped around him, lifting him high into the air!
Chen Ping struggled, but the vines were getting tighter and tighter, seemingly trying to strangle Chen Ping to death!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, don’t think I’m just that easy to bully.”
When Song Qingping saw Chen Ping being controlled, he burst out laughing!
“Are you a human or a demon?”
Chen Ping was puzzled, what kind of demonic techniques had this Song Qingping practiced to become like this!
“Humph, I am a human and a demon, are you afraid?”
Song Qingping snorted coldly and said.
At this moment, Song Qingping had become unsightly, and there was no longer the slightest connection with his poised appearance at the beginning!
Zhou Jie at the entrance of the main hall, seeing Song Qingping turned into this state, could not help but start to vomit when she remembered the days when they used to roll in bed together!
She had never imagined that the person she had always adored and loved would be this inhuman and ghostly-looking!
“Afraid? I, Chen Ping, have never known what fear is, even if you really are a demon, then I am the one who will kill the demon and get rid of it.”
After saying that, a golden light suddenly flashed, only to see the Dragon Cutting Sword suddenly appear in mid-air, followed by a chopping down of the sword!
The sharp sword qi instantly chopped towards the vine that bound Chen Ping!
Brush!
The vines were instantly severed and Chen Ping landed directly on the ground!
He then reached out and took the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand and looked at Song Qingping coldly!
Song Qingping looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, and the vines that had been cut off grew at a speed that was visible to the naked eye!
Song Qingping suddenly let out a loud shout and stepped violently into the ground, and immediately afterwards a crack began to appear in the ground!
Countless vines burst out of the ground and instantly surrounded Chen Ping.
Each vine burst out with tremendous strength and ruthlessly smashed into Chen Ping’s body!
The sound of breaking air suddenly rang out, whistling towards Chen Ping!
The force wielded by each of these vines was enough to break a person’s back!
“Nine Shadows Divine Sword ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly swung the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
Immediately afterwards, one could see that Chen Ping, like a bilocation, instantly appeared six identical Chen Ping’s, and each of them was holding the Zeng Long Sword in their hands!
The six Chen Ping’s all whipped out a sword at the same time!
Radiant sword qi rose from the sky and countless sword maces cut into those vines!
The sword mangled with the vines, instantly severing them with an explosive sound!
Song Qingping looked at the six Chen Ping’s who had suddenly appeared, and for a moment was somewhat bewildered and dumbfounded!
He didn’t expect Chen Ping’s methods to be so powerful too!
At first, he thought they were doppelgangers, but as each sword aura carried substantial power, he realised that these six identical Chen Ping’s were all capable of inflicting substantial damage!
After the round of sword maces, the ground was filled with severed vines, and Chen Ping’s face was a little ugly at the moment, his breath was ragged, and sweat was still falling down on his forehead!