When Chen Ping heard Shi Yan say so, he understood in his heart and knew that this Soul Recruiting Bell was only a divine sense attack that could control one’s soul!
Chen Ping was now a powerful divine sense, and he also knew the Clear Heart Incantation, even if it was a powerful divine sense magic weapon, it would not be able to control Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, you are to blame for all of this ……”
When Shi Qingpei finished speaking, the bells in his hand suddenly shook a little.
Soon, the three bells emitted a clear, crisp sound, and the sound waves coming from within those bells, mixed with the power of divine sense, were continuously attacking Chen Ping and Pocky Hu!
Hearing the sound, Pocky Hu suddenly felt his head in turmoil as he desperately tried to use his divine sense to resist, but unfortunately it was to no avail!
Soon, Hu Ma Zi’s eyes slowly began to lose their lustre, and the sound of the crisp bell rang out in his mind!
Seeing that Hu Pazzi could not resist the attack of the soul-attracting bell, Chen Ping’s lips moved slightly and the Clear Heart Incantation came out!
Suddenly, Pocky Hu felt a golden light flashing in his mind, and the chaotic feeling he had just felt was swept away!
At that moment, Hu Ma Zi’s head was clearer than ever!
Shi Qingpei didn’t know it yet, but he was still pushing his energy and shaking the spirit invoking bell in his hand.
Pockmarked Hu glanced at Chen Ping and found that Chen Ping’s lips were moving slightly, obviously using incantations to resist the Soul Invoking Bell’s divine sense attack!
At this moment, Hu Pazzi had a flash of light and from somewhere, he also took out a bell!
But the bell he was holding was obviously quite a bit bigger, and there was only one, and it was all a bit rusty and very old!
Jingling …………
The first time I saw this, I was able to get to the bottom of it.
The fact that the bell did not work on Chen Ping and Hu Pazi after half a day made Shi Qingpei’s face look very ugly!
Chen Ping looked at the big bell in Pocky Hu’s hand and said with a smile, “Where did Master Hu find such a broken thing?”
“It’s an old buddy of mine, it’s been following me around Kyoto for years, I never thought it would come in handy today.”
Hu Pazi grinned, and then shook the bell in his hand again!
Shi Yan was so frightened that he covered his ears!
Even Shi Qingpei hurriedly closed his breath and concentrated his mind to resist the attack of divine sense!
But for a while, they did not feel the sound with the attack of divine sense.
“Dad, what’s going on? Why didn’t your Soul Invocation Bell work?”
Seeing that both Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi were fine, Shi Yan asked Shi Qingpei.
Shi Qingpei was also dumbfounded at the moment, how did he know what was going on?
“How did you guys …… not get attacked by divine sense?”
Shi Qingpei asked as he looked at Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi.
Chen Ping was just about to say something, but Hu Pazzi preempted him by saying, “This big bell of mine is the ancestor of whatever soul invoking bell you’re holding, and when they see their ancestor, of course they don’t work.”
“Why don’t you quickly bring that little bell of yours over to pay homage to the ancestor to ……”
Hu Pazi’s words made that Shi Qingpei’s face green with anger, it was obvious that he knew Hu Pazi was just talking nonsense!
“You fart, your broken bell is obviously just an ordinary bell, it doesn’t have a bit of attacking power at all, stop talking nonsense here!”
Shi Yan shouted angrily at Pocky Hu!
“Who said our bell has no attacking power?” Chen Ping smiled coldly, then said to Hu Pazzi, “Master Hu, give them two shakes in order to show them ……”
Hu Puzi looked at Chen Ping like that and instantly understood, so he took the bell in his hand and shook it hard!
Along with the ear-piercing sound, a golden light flashed in Chen Ping’s mind, and the huge was divine sense instantly covered towards Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan!
Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan only felt a pain in their heads, as if there were countless ants gnawing at their brains!