The stone statue began to greedily absorb the spiritual energy from the ball of light!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s entire body instantly blocked the light, cutting off the connection between the stone statue and the ball of light!
A huge amount of spiritual energy hit Chen Ping’s body and began to pour into Chen Ping’s body in a frenzy!
This power was even more violent than the blood energy that was emitted from the broken gem!
Soon, Chen Ping’s dantian was filled to the brim, and all parts of his body were filled with spiritual energy, but like this, the power from that ball of light still didn’t stop being channeled!
Chen Ping felt like he was about to burst, his body was growing bigger and bigger, and his skin was actually starting to crack!
“Ahh …………”
Chen Ping hissed, he could feel the explosions that kept ringing out within him!
At this moment, Tiger Li Daxian, the aura within his body had changed greatly, and his strength was climbing up towards his transformation.
Soon, there was a huge energy fluctuation and Tiger Li Daxian’s body instantly changed, the frightening tiger’s head slowly began to disappear and transformed into a young man’s form!
It was also this huge energy fluctuation that caused that ball of light to instantly shrink, and Chen Ping took the opportunity to get some breathing time!
“Hahahaha ………… broke through, I broke through ………… ”
Tiger Li Daxian touched his face before kowtowing heavily!
“Master, I will definitely accompany you in this life and help you to be reborn …… ”
After Tiger Li Daxian finished speaking, his eyes looked greedily towards the ball of light in mid-air!
Such a huge amount of spiritual energy, but for Tiger Li Daxian who had broken through to transformation, it was just the right amount to bring his strength to the next level!
Chen Ping’s face was unspeakably ugly as he felt the aura of Tiger Li Daxian’s body!
However, seeing that Tiger Li Daxian was looking greedily at the ball of spiritual energy, Chen Ping knew that he must not let him devour the spiritual energy!
Otherwise, not to mention Penglai Island, I’m afraid that no one in the whole world could stop this guy!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, the blazing heat in his eyes gradually gathering into a cluster of intense light as he stared deadly at the ball of spiritual light in front of him, and in the end, he actually charged straight ahead.
He was going to use his body to detonate the entire ball of spiritual light, he would never let this Tiger Li Daxian get it!
In an instant, Chen Ping’s figure was engulfed by that ball of light!
Dazzling light erupted out, and no one could see Chen Ping’s silhouette!
At this moment, in the middle of the ball of spiritual light, Chen Ping’s body was twisting and distorting, as if he had entered another dimension!
The intense torture had caused Chen Ping to faint long ago!
If not for Chen Ping’s strong body, his body would have been ripped apart and turned into slag by now!
A large amount of spiritual energy kept surging towards Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body was getting bigger and bigger, blood was seeping out of his skin, turning it a blood red colour!
Boom …………
A huge explosion sounded.
All the light instantly dissipated, and not a single trace of spiritual energy could be seen in the sky!
But at that moment, Chen Ping’s figure was also gone.
“It’s a pity for him ……”
Tiger Li Daxian shook his head, he was not pitying the lost spiritual power, after all, the spiritual power lost could still slowly rise back using the crowd on Penglai Island.
What he was pitying was Chen Ping’s perverted physical body, the Golden Dragon True Body, which could not be encountered at any time.
Even in the Dragon Clan, Golden Dragon True Bodies were rare ……
Peace returned to the skies above Penglai Island, and the light shield that enveloped the surroundings disappeared instantly!
Everyone continued with their labours, the scene they had just witnessed, they only took it as a spectacle!
Du Nan, who really saw this scene, was as dumb as a fool!
The battle in front of him was beyond his knowledge!
After so many years on Penglai Island, he had always thought that Du Da’s firstborn was about to reach the peak of the immortal cultivation world!
But at this moment, Chen Ping, who was a YuanYing, had turned into dust and gone up in smoke!