Although the black-robed man knew that he would not be able to defeat Chen Ping, he still roared angrily as he charged towards Chen Ping!
Endless Yin Fiendish Qi was roaring and sweeping as if it was a large wave!
“You even dare to make a move ……”
Chen Ping’s face was full of disdain, and the Dao Pattern Fatal Qi on his body instantly filled the air!
Those Yin Fiendish Qi encountered the Dao Fiendish Qi, but it was as if it was frozen, becoming very slow, where was the appearance of that big wave!
The black-robed man’s figure also instantly lurched, his entire breath felt very blocked, and his actions also became sluggish!
Boom!
Suddenly, a flame instantly rose up on the black-robed man’s body!
The surrounding Yin Fiendish Qi quickly collapsed, and the black-robed man screamed miserably!
Patriarch Luo watched from the sidelines, his heart filled with nothing but shock!
It only took a moment for the black-robed man to be reduced to ashes!
It also deserved to become like this, honestly admitting their mistakes and begging for forgiveness, perhaps Chen Ping would be able to bypass one of them for the sake of the Yin Demon!
But this black-robed man still dared to make a move on Chen Ping, really a tiger does not make a move, as a sick cat!
This kind of person, how could Chen Ping keep him!
After the black-robed man died, Chen Ping then began to quickly absorb the endless Yin Fiend Qi around him!
These things were also good resources for Chen Ping!
The Heart Concentration Technique could refine everything, and this endless Yin Fiend Qi could make Chen Ping’s strength increase by a lot!
Patriarch Luo waited quietly on the side!
Along with the Yin Fiendish Qi decreasing, the bottom of the rift valley was no longer dark, and the temperature was getting warmer and warmer!
In the end, Patriarch Luo actually felt the scorching heat and his body was dripping with sweat!
Knowing that he was now at the ninth level of the Transition Realm, no matter how hot or cold it was, with the protection of his spiritual power, he couldn’t feel it!
But now this scorching heat made Patriarch Luo somewhat unable to bear it!
Chen Ping absorbed that Yin Fiend Qi and similarly felt the change in temperature!
But only when the last trace of the Yin Fiend Qi was absorbed did Chen Ping open his eyes!
At this moment, the bottom of the rift valley had become red, and the surroundings were like an oven!
The white bones on the ground were all vaporised by the heat wave and disappeared without a trace!
Chen Ping was a bit dumbfounded, not understanding what was going on!
“Holy sh*t, quickly go up, this is the heart of the earth’s fire, if it erupts, you guys will be finished ……”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord suddenly shouted!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was also confused, not understanding how the Earth’s Heart Fire suddenly appeared here!
But just as Chen Ping was confused, suddenly not far away, a heat wave erupted!
Accompanying the heat wave was rolling magma!
Wherever the magma passed, the rocks began to burn!
“Run ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping called out to Patriarch Luo and began to leap upwards at speed!
The magma kept erupting, carrying the fire of the earth’s core towards Chen Ping and the others!
As fast as Chen Ping and the others were, they were not as fast as this magma eruption.
After all, they were leaping upwards, not travelling on flat ground, and because of the magnetic field, the speed of their leap was already limited and very slow!
Seeing that the magma flames were about to wrap Chen Ping and Patriarch Luo, Chen Ping could only give Patriarch Luo a push and said, “Patriarch Luo, you escape first, don’t worry about me ……”
Chen Ping possessed a fire origin, so he still had some resistance to the fire of the earth’s core!
But Patriarch Luo was different, if this was wrapped in magma, he would probably be burned to death very quickly!
“Fellow Daoist Chen ……”
Patriarch Luo shouted, but his body quickly flew towards the top of the crack under Chen Ping’s push!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was wrapped in that magma, and was then given to be brought into the boiling hot magma!
Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body was activated, and he only felt countless heat waves all around him, attacking continuously!
As far as the eye could see, it was all crimson!
Chen Ping knew that he had fallen into the magma, and by the looks of it, if he wanted to escape, he was afraid that it would be very difficult!