“Alright, I’ll go and meet this master in arts and talismans as well!”
Elder Chu nodded!
Just as Elder Chu followed Ye Liancheng and got up, ready to move, a Ye family member hurriedly ran in!
“Family Head, the Alliance Head has sent a letter, asking Elder Chu to quickly return to the Demon Sealing Alliance Headquarters!”
That Ye family member said!
When Elder Chu heard this, his face instantly became a little ugly and his brows were tightly furrowed!
Ye Liancheng waved his hand and let that Ye family member leave!
“I didn’t expect the Alliance Master to get the news so quickly.”
Elder Chu sighed, as if he had aged a lot in an instant!
“Elder Chu, what are you going to do?”
Ye Liancheng looked at Elder Chu and asked!
“What else can I do, the alliance master knows now and beckons me back, I can only go back!”
Elder Chu said helplessly!
“Elder Chu, you can put the death of the Duke, push it to that Soulless Hall, now it seems that that Soulless Hall must have mutinied, as long as the responsibility is pushed to their head, Elder Chu might still be able to live.”
Ye Liancheng gave Elder Chu an idea!
“That’s the only way, whether or not we can survive depends on the will of heaven.”
Elder Chu finished speaking and arched his hand towards Ye Liancheng and said “Ye helmsman, I’ll leave these matters in the southern region to you.”
“Elder Chu don’t worry, as long as that Chen Ping is still in the Southern Region, I will definitely break him into pieces, as well as that Soulless Hall, I won’t let them escape from the Southern Region.”
Ye Liancheng patted his chest and said!
“Many thanks! Farewell ……”
Elder Chu bid farewell to Ye Liancheng and rushed back to the Demon Sealing Alliance headquarters in the night!
Ye Liancheng, on the other hand, brought a few of his men and followed the directions on the map to find the place where Sheng Bushi was being held!
This place was a small hill, and it didn’t look anything special!
However, after Ye Liancheng followed the map and stomped on the ground three times, a dark door unexpectedly appeared in the hillock.
r> There is a faint light surging around the dark door, it is obvious that a formation has been laid down!
Ye Liancheng followed the method of the map again, shut down the formation and opened the dark door!
When Ye Liancheng walked into the dark door, they found that this place was surprisingly huge!
The entire inside of the small hill had been hollowed out, and there was a lot of space inside, as well as many rooms!
There was even a very wide hall!
“It seems that this Sheng Family has long been well prepared, it’s really prepared!”
Ye Liancheng looked at the huge dark fortress and said in shock!
“Family Head, there are so many rooms here, do we have to look for them one by one?”
A Ye family member asked.
“No need, that Sheng Tiantai has already labelled it long ago.”
After saying that, Ye Liancheng led the people into the deepest part of the dark fortress!
There was a room here, and after opening it, Sheng Bushi was being held inside!
In order to prevent Sheng Boshi from escaping, his feet and hands, were all locked up with thick steel chains.
Sheng Bushi’s face was ugly and looked very old!
His eyes were slightly closed, and not a single expression could be seen!
When he heard the sound of opening the door, Sheng Boshi still did not open his eyes, just slowly opened his mouth and said, “No need to pretend to persuade me, when you do it to me the moment, our brotherhood will be over.”
“To kill or die casually, want to persuade me to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, ten thousand impossible things ……”
Sheng Bushi thought it was his younger brother, Sheng Tiantai, who had come, so he didn’t open his eyes!
He didn’t want to see this younger brother of his!
“Sheng family master, it’s come to this time, you are still obsessed ah ……”
Looking at Sheng Bushi, Ye Liancheng slowly spoke!
Hearing Ye Liancheng’s voice, Sheng Bushi was startled, opened his eyes in surprise, and stared at Ye Liancheng in death!
“How did you …… you find this place?”
Sheng Bushi was puzzled as to how Ye Liancheng knew about this place!