“Senior, my son is ignorant, I hope senior will forgive me ……”
Ning Cai Chen hurriedly followed the old man and apologized!
He was truly afraid that the old man would make a move against Ning Can, and then he didn’t know if his strength, which was at the peak of the ninth rank of the Combined Body Realm, would be able to defeat this old man!
After all, the old man’s strength was impenetrable, and although he was only a wisp of a remnant soul, he was ultimately an old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan, and should not be taken lightly!
“Don’t worry, I won’t kill your son, I won’t kill any of these hundred cultivators among them, because that’s the rule.”
“Even more so, I cannot break my own rules, except that how many of you hundred cultivators will be left in the end is up to your own destiny.”
“After this light gate is the start of the treasure, what you can find is also up to your own destiny!”
“I wish you all good luck ……”
The old man’s body slowly disappeared!
The moment the old man’s body disappeared, immediately some cultivators reacted and quickly rushed towards that light door!
Because after the light door was the beginning of the treasure, and of course the first one to go there, the better the chances of finding it for sure!
But who knows, just as that cultivator was charging towards the light door, a terrifying force arrived in an instant!
That cultivator didn’t even react, and was directly strangled by this force, his body falling heavily to the ground!
“There’s our Demon Sealing Alliance again, is there any part for you to enter first?”
At this moment, the Golden Fury stepped forward and stood before the light door and said in a cold voice!
Several of the Five Elemental Heavenly Furies, each standing in their own position blocked the entire light door, and had their bodies surging with furious auras, shocking the crowd.
Many cultivators who were tempted to move were shaken backwards by the violent aura!
Five people from the Demon Sealing Alliance had directly shocked everyone, arrogantly domineering and incomparably brutal!
Many cultivators looked at the five viciously, but they did not dare to say anything, they could only curse in their hearts!
Now the many cultivators were divided into several camps!
Ning Cai Chen stood together with the Ning family, while Chen Ping stood together with the Gao family and Old Sun and the others.
There was also a crowd of loose cultivators standing together!
Hundreds of cultivators were divided into four camps, and although the Five Elemental Heavenly Furies of the Demon Sealing Alliance were only five in number, they were the strongest.
Five strong people with the strength of the ninth grade of the Combined Body realm could completely crush any team!
“Is your Demon Sealing Alliance that bullying? What makes you guys advanced?”
Ning Can spoke up, with so many people coming from their Ning Clan, their strength wasn’t bad either!
“Kid, I’m not going to bother you because you’re young and ignorant, ask your father if your Ning Family dares to follow our Demon Sealing Alliance as an enemy?”
The Golden Fury said as he looked disdainfully at Ning Can!
Ning Cai Chen didn’t say anything, it was true that the strength of their Ning Family was no match for the Demon Sealing Alliance, whose power was spread throughout the Celestial Realm!
“I pooh, what’s so awesome about your Demon Sealing Alliance, this is the Land of the Extreme North, our Gao Family’s territory.”
“One word from me and none of you will ever leave the Land of the Extreme North!”
Gao Qisheng spat fiercely!
Having been beaten away by a few people a few days ago, Gao Qisheng was not convinced, this time he had not only brought his experts with him, but also Chen Ping and the others, so he wasn’t afraid of this Five Elemental Heavenly Furies anymore!
Those other scattered cultivators, they didn’t dare to open their mouths at all, they just wanted to be able to enter the land of treasures and find some treasures!
“Little boy of the Gao family, have you been beaten lightly and still want to be beaten again?”
The Golden Fury said with a look of disdain!
Gao Qisheng’s face was full of anger, then he looked at Chen Ping, he hoped that Chen Ping would step in and say something!
But Chen Ping’s eyes were actually staring at the recently deceased cultivator on the ground at this moment, with a motionless expression of gravity!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Gao Qisheng called out to Chen Ping!
Only then did Chen Ping come back to his senses, and then frowned slightly and said “Did you guys notice just now that the body of that dead cultivator was a bit odd?”