“Gentlemen, first of all, thank you for coming to this auction, this time the lots are absolutely worth every penny, but they are all salvaged by me from a shipwreck thousands of years ago, if you all have a favorite, then you have to start as soon as possible, if you start late, you won’t have a chance!”
Jin Fusheng took the microphone and said with great emotion, “I now announce that the auction will begin ……”
As Jin Fusheng’s words fell, a glazed vase that was more than one person high and covered with floral patterns was carried out!
Upon seeing this item, Gu Wentian’s eyes instantly lit up!
After a round of fighting, Gu Mantian managed to take this glazed vase for fifty million dollars!
Followed by the second piece, and the third …………
With each piece, Gu Mantian couldn’t contain his excitement at the sight of it, and then he frantically started bidding!
After auctioning off dozens of antiques in a row, Gu Mantian still seemed to have more than enough, his eyes turning red!
This was probably the most enjoyable time he had ever attended an auction.
Although all the people here were rich, it wasn’t often that they were as wealthy as this, and even Ning Zhi was a bit staggered!
And Jin Fusheng, who was sitting in the front row, couldn’t help but look back at Gu Wentian, his eyes were a bit unpredictable!
“Grandpa, it’s almost time, how much have you spent here, the money Chen Ping gave you, all of it ……”
Gu Ling’er also felt the same gaze cast by everyone and hurriedly pulled the corner of Gu Wentian’s coat!
Being reminded by Gu Ling’er, Gu Wentian then sobered up a bit and hurriedly said awkwardly, “I saw these antiques, I can’t control myself a bit, I won’t buy them, I won’t buy them below ……”
“Ling’er, your grandfather likes it, let him buy it, I still have some money here, antiques like these salvaged from the sea are not often seen!”
Su Wenzong was on the side, and said with a smile.
“Right, right, your Uncle Su is right, antiques salvaged in the sea are not often seen, when we auction them off in our hands, they might go up in value straight away!”
Now Gu Wentian had found another excuse for buying antiques!
When Gu Ling’er heard this, she directly sighed and was somewhat helpless, because she knew that Gu Mantian really liked antiques too much, and if she saw an antique she liked, it was useless to persuade anyone!
The entire auction, except for a few antiques that were not of good colour and Gu Mantian didn’t like, the rest were all auctioned off by Gu Mantian, and the sale price alone was tens of billions!
Only after the auction broke up did Gu Mantian reluctantly leave, and the antiques would be packed up and delivered to Gu Mantian’s home after the cruise ship returned to South China City.
With this auction, the two-day trip made Gu Wentian almost a celebrity, and many people started to befriend Gu Wentian, after all, there were not many people who could offer tens of billions in one breath.
…………
Two days later, the cruise ship arrived at Locked Dragon Island!
The landscape here has long been nothing like it was a few months ago, without the scorching heat of the sun and the cold of the ice and snow!
And the air on Locked Dragon Island was so fresh that it made people feel very comfortable!
Apart from Chen Ping and his cruise ship, there were also many other boats arriving at Locked Dragon Island, and there were quite a few tourists on Locked Dragon Island at this time!
“Ling’er, later on, you take Gu Gu and the others and follow the other tourists to have fun, don’t follow me ……”
As he neared disembarkation, Chen Ping once again admonished Gu Ling’er!
Gu Ling’er nodded, and then said worriedly, “You should be careful yourself too!”
“Don’t worry, it’s just these two, if I want to leave, they can’t keep me!”
Chen Ping wasn’t worried, even if he couldn’t beat Ning Zhi and this Gu Kaiyuan, it would still be easy to escape, if Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan both played tricks, Chen Ping could completely escape in one piece!