Lin Keting screamed and could only helplessly close her eyes as tears flowed out of her eyes!
Right at this moment, with a sudden buzzing sound, Lin Keting’s restraints suddenly disappeared.
Even the surrounding halls, followed by them, disappeared into thin air!
Looking at the pouncing Chen Ping, Lin Keting turned and ran, saying as she ran, “If you dare to touch me, my master and my father will not let you go, they will torture you to death.”
After saying that, Lin Keting was about to break the life-preserving jade pendant in her hand!
“Don’t run ah, don’t run, I haven’t been taken over ……”
Seeing that Lin Keting was crying in fear, Chen Ping hurriedly said loudly!
Lin Keting froze, then carefully sized up Chen Ping, holding the jade pendant in her hand in a death grip, intending to use it at any time!
“You really haven’t been taken over?”
Lin Keting questioned!
“Really, just that tiny remnant soul, still wanting to take over me, thinking is too beautiful, I would have destroyed him in the sea of consciousness long ago.”
“Didn’t you realise that the bindings on your body as well as the great hall are gone?”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
Lin Keting looked carefully and realised that it was indeed so, and then looked angrily at Chen Ping and said, “Fine, you dare to lie to me, just now if I didn’t run, did you just put me ……”
The latter words, Lin Keting didn’t have the heart to say!
“No, just kidding, how could I really do that kind of thing, am I still human.”
“But you said your father and your master won’t let me go, so who are your father and your master?”
“And what did that guy say about old Taoist? Could it be that your father is a Taoist priest?”
Chen Ping wanted to take the opportunity to find out more about Lin Keting!
Taoist priests could also get married and have children, but Chen Ping knew that back then, when he was in Thunderbolt Guan, Taoist Master Bu Xu of Thunderbolt Guan had a daughter.
So it was entirely possible that Lin Keting’s father was an old Taoist!
“Your father is the one who is a Taoist, your whole family is a Taoist, don’t even think about prying into my details, I won’t tell you.”
“You big bad guy, you just almost took advantage of me ……”
Lin Ke Ting finished speaking, huffed and turned around!
It looked like she was really a bit angry, after all, she was scared half to death just now!
She had prepared herself to be violated.
“Ah ……” Chen Ping wanted to chase after her, but just as he moved, his body only felt a sharp pain, and then he collapsed to the ground!
He had just been seriously injured, and this moment directly involved his wounds!
Lin Ke Ting heard Chen Ping’s miserable scream, just looked back, then alertly said, “You less pretend, quickly get up, don’t lie to me!”
Puff ……
A mouthful of blood sprayed out from Chen Ping, his face turning pale!
Seeing this, Lin Keting knew that Chen Ping was not pretending and rushed over, her expression flustered, “How are you?”
“I’m afraid I’m going to die.”
Chen Ping said breathlessly!
He had just been injured, and even if his physical body was strong, it felt like it was falling apart at this moment!
“Ah, that serious? Then hurry up and heal yourself, do you have any pills?”
Lin Keting asked at a loss for words!
Chen Ping nodded, “I have pills, but they are all in the storage ring, I can’t take them out at all, and now that my strength is sealed, there is no way for me to heal my injuries.”
Puff!
Just after saying that, Chen Ping spewed out another mouthful of blood!
Lin Keting was anxious this time and kept helping Chen Ping wipe the blood from the corners of his mouth before asking, “If you are able to regain your strength now, then are you able to heal yourself?”
“Of course I can, I am a pharmacist, only there is a seal here, how can I recover my strength.”
Chen Ping let out a light sigh, then helplessly said, “You don’t need to care about me, go find the others and leave this place ……”
“Impossible, I said I won’t abandon you, don’t worry, I have a way to let you regain your strength!”
After Lin Keting finished speaking, as if she had made some major decision, she stepped aside and chanted under her breath!