Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi coldly and did not say anything.
On the other hand, Ning Zhi turned around and went to another villa to get the key.
Arriving at a room, Ning Zhi put his palm on the wall and a hidden door opened.
Ning Zhi walked in, and then the door was closed.
In the room, there were many magic weapons and spiritual treasures laid out, this was where Ning Zhi’s father, Ning Hai, had hidden his treasures.
Ning Zhi had not come to fetch the key, but to fetch the magic treasures, preparing to use them to restrain Chen Ping.
Ning Zhi’s gaze fell upon a bronze cymbal hanging on the wall.
This bronze cymbal, Ning Hai’s most precious magic treasure, was said to have been used by a powerful man at the peak of Martial Marquis.
After hundreds of years, that strong man, who was at the peak of Martial Marquis, had not been able to break through.
In the end, he died of depression.
However, he had sealed a wisp of his peak Martial Marquis power within this cymbal.
Such a power was enough to kill everyone in the martial arts world of Kyoto in seconds.
However, this cymbal could only be used once.
After Ning Hai had obtained this magic treasure, he had been using it as a house-holding treasure, and with this thing around, no one dared to easily mess with the Ning family.
“Chen Ping, this time, I will make sure you die without a body ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes flickered with a cold aura as he reached out and removed the cymbal with one hand.
At this moment, Ning Zhi had all but ignored the consequences!
Putting the cymbal into his arms, Ning Zhi walked out of the secret room, and then headed towards Chen Ping.
“Got the key?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards Ning Zhi.
“Got it, you watch it ……”
Ning Zhi reached into his pocket and took out the copper cymbal immediately afterwards.
The moment the cymbal appeared, an extremely strong and ancient aura emanated out.
When this aura was emitted, Chen Ping’s brow instantly furrowed!
When the crowd saw Ning Zhi take out the copper cymbal, they were all taken aback as well.
“Is this …… the Ning family’s house-holding treasure?”
“I think so, I’ve heard of it but haven’t seen it, the aura is too strong.”
“What kind of magic treasure is this, I’ve never felt this aura before!”
“It’s too terrifying, it’s stronger than even a fifth grade Martial Marquis aura.”
The crowd chattered.
And Chen Ping’s face changed slightly as he instantly brought the spiritual power within his body to its utmost.
In the dragon crystal, the power of the divine dragon continued to emanate, wrapping around Chen Ping’s entire body.
The Incorruptible Golden Body could not be used now, and Chen Ping had to rely on his own physical body to resist the next attack hard.
And this unknown aura made Chen Ping feel danger in his heart.
For this aura was simply too powerful too quickly.
Seeing that look on Chen Ping’s face, Ning Zhi smiled smugly, “Chen Ping, this copper cymbal contains the power of a peak Martial Marquis, to kill you in seconds, it can kill you to the point of not even having any dregs left!”
After hearing this, Chen Ping’s face became even more ugly.
Although he knew that the power contained within the magic treasure, even if it was the power of a peak Martial Marquis, it would never reach the true strength of a peak Martial Marquis.
But even if it did not reach the strength of a peak Martial Marquis, it would still be easy to kill himself in seconds!
Chen Ping’s body was wrapped in the power of the divine Dragon, emitting a faint glow!
“Chen Ping, kneel down and kowtow to me now and admit your mistake, hand over all your treasures, and I might still be able to spare your life!”
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping and said, “I do rather cherish talent, you’re a genius, it’s a shame to die like this!”
Ning Zhi was not pitying Chen Ping’s death, but he was afraid that this strike from the peak power of a Martial Marquis would damage all those treasures on Chen Ping’s body.
Especially that Demon Subduing Tower, which was simply a wondrous treasure for the ages.
With the Demon Subduing Tower, one could cultivate with half the effort, and Chen Ping was a living example of that.
Ning Zhi thought that if Chen Ping didn’t have the Demon Subduing Tower, it was impossible for his strength to grow so quickly.
“Kneel down to you and admit your mistakes?” Chen Ping smiled coldly, “Are you worthy of such?”
Battle intent erupted from Chen Ping’s body, even when faced with the peak power of a Martial Marquis, Chen Ping would never compromise.