Qi Peijia’s eyes were angry and timid!
Ning Caixin, on the other hand, was filled with doubt and incomprehension!
Ever since Qi Peijia had brought Ning Zhi and Ning Caichen into the Devil Swallowing Cave, he hadn’t expected Ning Zhi’s strength to skyrocket, and he had no knowledge of the Devil Cultivation Technique!
On the stone walls in the Devil Swallowing Cave, there were many obscure illustrations, and Qi Peijia could only recognise one or two of them!
Ning Zhi came but read more than half of it, as if Ning Zhi had always been a demonic cultivator!
But Ning Zhi was clearly a Ning Clan Elder, a human cultivator ah!
Qi Peijia couldn’t beat Ning Zhi now, and at this point, the boss within the Devil Swallowing Cave became Ning Zhi!
Seeing Ning Zhi sucking the dead Qi from those corpses, Qi Peijia was angry and scared!
He was afraid that Ning Zhi would be unhappy one day and suck him up as well!
Ning Caichen, on the other hand, didn’t understand how his old ancestor, who had managed to wake up with great difficulty, had become a demonic cultivator.
Cultivating the Devil Cultivation Technique was a breeze.
“Whew…………”
After absorbing the dead Qi of those corpses, Ning Zhi let out a long breath!
“Hahaha, what a familiar flavour, what a painful feeling ……”
Ning Zhi laughed out loud, and his originally aged body had unexpectedly become much younger at this moment!
Ning Zhi had originally absorbed the Yin Fiendish Qi and had become a devil cultivator from a human!
Now he was reverting back to his true colours as a devil cultivator!
“At the peak of the Transition Realm now, if it weren’t for the limitations of this terrible skin, I would have been honoured at the Mahayana Realm by now.”
Ning Zhi looked at his body with a very disgusted expression!
Although the old ancestor of the Ning Clan used to be very strong as well, he had all died many years ago!
The physical body had been seized by Ning Zhi, but it had limited the advancement of the realm!
If Ning Zhi had been able to seize the flesh of a still-living Ferry Realm cultivator, his strength would have skyrocketed by now!
Even a just-dead Transitional Realm cultivator could be, and it would be much stronger than this physical body that had been dead for an unknown number of years!
“Old ancestor, you …………”
Ning Caichen looked at Ning Zhi in surprise, his face full of incomprehension!
He didn’t understand how his own family’s old ancestor, who would say such things, would dislike his own body.
Ning Zhi grinned towards Ning Caichen, and then said coldly “Actually, I’m not any old ancestor of the Ning Clan, I just took over the body of your old ancestor of the Ning Clan.”
“I was originally a demonic cultivator, but as a result, I was seriously injured and almost died, and would still end up retaining a wisp of my residual soul, which ended up entering the body of your Ning family’s old ancestor.”
“If it wasn’t for the fact that my remnant soul was too weak at the time, how could I possibly take over the body of a terrible old man who had died many years ago, and now that I finally have the strength, I’m going to remake my own physical body!”
Ning Zhi’s words caused Ning Caixin to directly freeze!
How could he have never thought that the old ancestor that he had followed so hard was actually a demonic cultivator?
The current him finally understood all the strange behaviours of his family’s old ancestor over this period of time!
“You …… you ……”
Ning Caichen’s face was filled with anger, but he had placed all of his Ning family’s hopes of soaring to the top on his old ancestor!
Now he found out that the old ancestor had become someone else, which made it hard for him to accept!
Ning Caichen’s body was trembling slightly with anger, he wanted to make a move, but with this amount of strength he had, it was simply too much to handle!
“Now that you know the truth, it’s time for you to go underground and accompany those sons and daughters of your Ning family.”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, he fiercely reached out his hand, and a huge suction force sucked Ning Caichen into his hand!
Ning Caixin’s vitality was rapidly draining away, and then a wave of dead air emerged from his body!
Ning Zhi opened his mouth and inhaled that deathly aura into his body!
He then let go of his hand, and Ning Caixin’s body fell heavily to the ground!
Qi Peijia watched everything dumbfounded, he also finally understood why Ning Zhi was able to rapidly cultivate the Devil Cultivation Technique, so it turned out that he was originally a Devil Cultivator!