After looking at the unconscious girl, Chen Ping put her in his room and locked the door to prevent the girl from waking up and escaping, then Chen Ping contacted Long Wu and told him about the incident.
He told Chen Ping to keep an eye on the girl and not to let her escape, then he took Wu Mei’er with him and rushed from Kyoto to Hongcheng in the night.
It was not until dawn that Long Wu and Wu Mei’er arrived at Hong Cheng and saw Chen Ping sleeping on the sofa in the living room.
When Chen Ping felt that someone had come, he opened his eyes immediately and was relieved to see that it was Long Wu and Wu Mei’er: “Uncle Long, that woman is in the bedroom, I was afraid that she would escape, so I locked her inside.”
Chen Ping led Long Wu and Wu Mei Er towards the bedroom, as he walked Chen Ping looked at Wu Mei Er, he had never seen such a resemblance, if it wasn’t for the girl’s gloomy aura, it would be even more similar to Wu Mei Er.
“Chen Ping, what are you always looking at me for? Does that girl you’re talking about really look like me?”
Wu Mei’er asked when she saw that Chen Ping was always sneaking glances at herself.
“It’s not like, it’s practically identical ……”
Chen Ping said with certainty.
Chen Ping’s words also made Wu Mei’er curious, and she was now desperate to meet this girl who looked like herself.
“Chen Ping, you said that this girl also knows charm magic?” Long Wu asked.
“Yes, last night at the bar, she used the charm technique on me, only it didn’t work and I thought she was Wu Mei’er!” Chen Ping nodded, and then continued, “Uncle Long, when you picked up Wu Mei’er, did you know who her family members were? Were there any siblings?”
Long Wu shook his head, “Mei’er wasn’t picked up by me, someone else picked her up and handed her over to me, so I don’t know if she has any siblings ……”
When Chen Ping heard this, he didn’t expect there to be such a small hiccup, it turned out that Wu Mei’er was not picked up by Long Wu.
Soon, Chen Ping opened the door to the room, but as soon as the door was opened, a dagger came directly towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping reached out and directly grabbed the dagger, and with a slight force, the dagger instantly became shattered.
Seeing that the blow failed, the girl wanted to take the door, but just as she was about to run, she caught a glimpse of Wu Mei’er, who walked in, and immediately froze.
After seeing the girl, Wu Mei’er was also instantly shocked and her eyes widened.
It was because the two people were so much alike, standing opposite each other, just like looking in a mirror, if not for the different clothes on their bodies, they would simply be one and the same person.
When Long Wu saw this scene, he was also shocked.
“I told you, you look a lot like a friend of mine, now you believe me?”
Chen Ping asked to the shocked girl.
The girl didn’t say anything, she just stared closely at Wu Mei’er, who was also looking straight at the girl, and the two slowly moved closer to each other even though they didn’t know each other.
When the distance between the two was only about one meter, a faint glow unexpectedly emitted from both of them at the same time, and then the two rays of light intertwined and fused with each other.
Wu Mei’er and the girl felt the sensation of their bloodlines connecting at the same time, and the throbbing of that bloodline caused the two girls to instantly shed tears.
“Sister …………”
Wu Mei’er looked at the girl and burst into tears, surprisingly, she unconsciously called out for her sister.
“Sister …………”
The girl also burst into tears with equal fervor and shouted out to her sister.
Although they did not know each other and did not know who was older and who was younger, they involuntarily shouted out sister sister.
Immediately afterwards, the two embraced each other tightly.
This scene stunned both Chen Ping and Long Wu.
Especially Long Wu, he had adopted Wu Mei’er since she was a child. Wu Mei’er had never met her own family, so how could she know that the girl in front of her was her sister? Just because they looked alike?
Even if they were twins, how did they tell each other’s size? Couldn’t it be that Wu Mei’er was the older sister?
A series of questions made even Long Wu look confused.