“Mr Chen, Mr Chen …………”
Bing Lu and also Lan Yingying and the girls hurriedly ran over when they saw that Chen Ping had actually come out of that chaotic land!
Several people desperately called out to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping slowly awoke from his coma!
When he saw Bing Lu and the others, he was also filled with surprise!
“I’m not dead?”
Chen Ping glanced at himself, his body was originally bruised and battered, but at this moment, there was not even the slightest trace of injuries left!
“Mr Chen, you didn’t die, you came out of that chaotic land.”
“You’re afraid that you’re the first person to come out alive, from the Land of Chaos.”
Bing Lu said with great excitement!
Chen Ping frowned and suddenly remembered something, getting up and looking around.
“Mr Shi, Mr Shi ……”
Chen Ping called out, but there was no Mr Shi around.
“Mr Chen, who is this Mr Shi you are talking about?”
Bing Lu asked suspiciously!
“Have you guys seen any other around me?”Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
“No, only saw you come out of that chaotic land by yourself.”
Bing Lu shook her head!
This time, Chen Ping was in deep thought, could it be a dream?
Chen Ping couldn’t figure out if it was real or a dream!
He only remembered that when he was about to die, Shi appeared!
“Kid, that was not a dream, someone did save you!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke.
When Chen Ping heard this, he was very excited and asked, “Is that person Mr Shi? Have you seen him?”
“How would I know who it is, I can’t recall who he is, but all I know is that he is very powerful.”
“One look from him almost scared the piss out of old me.”
“What kind of person is that for you? You even have this kind of high ranking person behind you, what the hell are you afraid of!”
“If you stomp your feet in the Celestial Realm, wouldn’t they all bow down to you!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord didn’t remember Mr Shi and couldn’t recall Mr Shi, but he could detect how powerful Mr Shi was!
“He is …………”
Chen Ping was silent, he also did not know what Mr Shi was considered to be himself!
He followed Shi as if he had never had any relationship!
However, Shi was as loving to him as a father!
Chen Ping had once suspected that Mr Shi should be of the Dragon Race, and being of the same Dragon Race, it would be reasonable for Mr Shi to take care of himself.
However, Shi himself had never admitted it!
“Regardless of what he is, after the old man’s physical body is reborn, you will have to cover me!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord finished speaking and stopped talking!
Chen Ping was also speechless for a while!
In the past, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch did not say this, he said that he would cover himself when he reached the Heavenly Realm!
Now he was actually asking himself to cover him!
What was this?
“Mr Chen, are you alright? If it’s fine, we’d better leave quickly, that Mu Clan’s people are about to catch up.”
Bing Lu saw Chen Ping staying still and said!
Chen Ping followed the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s communication, Bing Lu and the girls could not hear it!
“Good, let’s go to that Extreme Stone Mountain ……”
Chen Ping pointed to the high mountain in the distance!
Because of Chen Ping, the chaotic land was surging with turbulence, making that high mountain more and more obvious, and the halo around it became quite a bit dimmer!
Bing Lu and the girls looked at the high mountain and asked in confusion, ”Mr Chen, it seems like this mountain has not been seen before? How come it’s called the Extreme Stone Mountain?”
“This mountain should have been within the Chaotic Land all along, obscured by the barrier, and for some reason revealed itself.”
“This mountain is all filled with extreme stones, so it should be where the Extreme Stone Mine is located, and this Extreme Stone Mountain is just a name I casually shouted.”
Chen Ping explained!
“What? On top of this mountain, all of them are Extreme Stones?”
Now, Bing Lu and the girls all grew their mouths wide.
How many extreme stones does this require? If all these extreme stones were given to the Guanghan Palace, it wouldn’t take long for their Guanghan Palace to dominate the entire Celestial Realm without any problem!