At this moment, there were several guards in silver armour with strong auras in the inner city, checking everyone who entered!
And these guards, surprisingly, were all at the third level of the Combined Body Realm, following the Third Elder at the same level!
This had to shock Chen Ping, just a few guards, but they were at the third level of the Harmonious Body realm, this was too perverted!
If he knew that a third-ranking Harmony Realm practitioner was an elder or a captain in some sects, he would be laughed to death if he were to guard the gate!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but feel that the strength of this Jia Ling County was really extraordinary. At this moment, Chen Ping was eager to get to know what kind of person this Jia Ling County Lord was!
Chen Ping was stopped by a few guards as they were passing through the inner city!
“Stand still, what do you do?”
One of the guards stopped Chen Ping and his men and asked!
“We’re from the Jade Tripod Sect, we’re here for the Pill Master’s Meeting.”
The Third Elder stepped forward, took out a jade tag-like item, and handed it over!
The guard took the palm of his hand and stroked it gently, then nodded and handed the jade tag back to the third elder, “Go in ……”
The third elder put away the jade token and then led Chen Ping and the others into the inner city!
But just as Chen Ping was about to pass through the city gates, a white light suddenly flashed, followed by a barrier that actually stopped Chen Ping in front of him!
Chen Ping was stunned, he didn’t expect there to be a formation in front of the city gate!
But why did the others enter without any problem, but the moment he passed through, the formation was activated?
When the guards saw that the formation had been activated and Chen Ping was stopped by it, they all looked like enemies and instantly took up their weapons and surrounded Chen Ping!
“Good for you devil cultivator, how dare you barge into my Jia Ling County, how dare you ……”
Several guards stopped Chen Ping and were about to strike!
“A few of you, misunderstanding, misunderstanding, this is a person from my Jade Tripod Sect, how can he be a devil cultivator!”
Seeing this, the Third Elder hurriedly stepped forward and explained!
And Chen Ping then sort of understood why this formation would only activate when he passed through it!
It was because Chen Ping had eaten that old woman’s devil pearl, so his body possessed devilish Qi, plus just a short while ago, he had sucked the devilish Qi out of Suo Xing Yue’s body, making Chen Ping’s devilish Qi heavier!
Chen Ping didn’t expect that there would be a formation to detect demon cultivators here, so he didn’t hide that demon aura in his body!
“We won’t be mistaken, this formation was personally set up by the county lord, how could it be wrong!”
“You devil cultivator hurry up and fold your arms, don’t let us do it!”
One of the guards roared with a face full of tension!
“You guys are really mistaken, I’m really not a devil cultivator!”
Chen Ping hid the devilish aura in his body, because the devilish aura in Chen Ping’s body was not heavy, and that devilish power had long been refined into the power of the three races by Chen Ping, so the devilish aura was even less, so Chen Ping was able to hide his aura perfectly.
Chen Ping then gently touched his palm on the formation in front of him!
The formation actually disappeared instantly under Chen Ping’s touch!
And Chen Ping walked into the inner city intact!
“See, I’m in, I’m not a demon cultivator at all!”
Chen Ping said to the guard after he walked into the inner city!
When the few guards saw this, they were also confused, unable to understand what was going on here!
“You’re trying ……”
The guard told Chen Ping to try again!
Chen Ping then went back and forth to the inner city gates several times, and did not activate the formation!
“This is really strange, is there really something wrong with this formation?”
The guard scratched his head, somewhat at a loss for words!
“It should be a problem with the formation, we are from the Jade Tripod Sect, many people know us, how could we be demonic cultivators.”
The Third Elder said to the guard!
“You guys go in!”
The guard saw that the formation wasn’t activating, so he waved his hand and let Chen Ping and the others go in!