But today, one of his own strikes had failed to inflict any damage on Chen Ping, and he hadn’t even been able to break the Incorruptible Golden Body!
“How can you kill me when you can’t even break my Body Protecting Divine Energy?”
Chen Ping sneered.
Ning Hai gritted his teeth, and after a furious cry, blood began to fill the sky, followed by that blood condensing on top of Ning Hai’s two palms.
These palms of Ning Hai were as bright red as if they had just been fished out of fresh blood!
This was Ning Dahai’s masterstroke, the Blood Hands!
Ning Hai then leapt up and slapped his palms at Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s hand began to shine with golden light as the power of the divine Dragon gathered on his palm.
No matter what, Ning Hai was also an old Martial Marquis, and Chen Ping, who had just been promoted to Martial Marquis, was not yet strong enough to ignore Ning Hai.
“Holy Light Fist!”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry, followed by a dazzling light emanating from Chen Ping’s palm.
This radiance was nothing compared to the sun in the sky!
Boom!
A blood mist filled the air, and Ning Hai’s figure took several steps backwards.
While looking at Chen Ping, he did not move, not even swaying a bit.
With this, the strength of the two people was immediately distinguished.
The crowd looked at Chen Ping in surprise, their eyes filled with disbelief!
“Hiss …… this Chen Ping is too terrifying, right?”
“At such a young age, to completely crush an old Martial Marquis, it’s incredible!”
“Genius, this Chen Ping is truly a genius!”
The crowd chattered, they didn’t expect Chen Ping’s strength to completely crush Ning Hai.
Originally, they had thought that the two were of equal strength and would have a battle of the century!
It would always take hundreds of rounds of battle, fighting until the sky was dark before they could tell the winner from the loser!
But now, a single slap was all it took to tell the difference in strength.
Ning Dahai’s face was ugly, he could truly feel the increase in Chen Ping’s strength with the slap he had just made.
It wasn’t a little bit of an increase, at the very least, it was an increase of tens of times.
A big realm of improvement was an exponential increase in strength.
Not far away, Ning Zhi’s face turned unspeakably ugly as he watched his father being shaken back by Chen Ping’s palm.
He wondered when he would be able to reach Chen Ping’s kind of strength.
“This kid is really a genius, but with me around, don’t worry, I will make you a genius too ……”
At this moment, a hoarse and old voice rang out in Ning Zhi’s mind.
Hearing this voice, the corners of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted and a smug look curled up on his face.
Ning Hai’s face was ugly as he stared at Chen Ping, but he was not in a hurry to strike, as if he was waiting for something.
And when Chen Ping saw that Ning Hai was not attacking, he wanted to be the first to attack!
But as soon as Chen Ping moved, he felt something unusual.
Only to see that the golden scales on Chen Ping’s body had actually started to be dyed red by a wave of blood!
Chen Ping’s body was also being stained by this blood energy, and soon Chen Ping’s whole body turned red!
Everyone was stunned by this sudden change.
Ning Hai laughed, “Chen Ping, although your power has become stronger, you have been poisoned by my blood, and you will soon die. ……”
It turned out that the blood mist that had just condensed on top of Ning Hai’s hands was poisonous, although the real challenge was not to use poison, but now it was a battle of life and death, who would care about that.
Chen Ping stared at Ning Hai to death, he did not expect Ning Hai to use poison.
“You don’t need to look at me like that, weren’t you just very confident? Didn’t you say that I couldn’t kill you?”
Ning Hai became more and more smug.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything as the Heart Condensation Skill quickly ran, and those blood poisons on Chen Ping’s body began to be absorbed into his body.
As Ning Hai watched those blood poisons enter Chen Ping’s body, his heart secretly sighed in relief!
If the blood poison had entered his body, even if the Great Luo Golden Immortal came, he would not be able to save him!
Only that Ning Dahai did not know that the blood poison had already become Chen Ping’s resources.
At this moment, the blood poison had turned into spiritual energy under the effect of the Heart Condensation Skill and was stored within Chen Ping’s dantian.