Instead of all dying here, it would be better to run away one at a time!
Chen Wenliang’s face was filled with a look of difficulty, he couldn’t leave these pill masters behind, but there was nothing he could do to stop them!
Right at this moment, Chen Ping tilted his head and looked at those thunderbolts coalescing in the sky, and seemed to make a difficult decision!
“President Chen, I’ll go attract those thunderbolts myself, you lead the people to leave this area quickly!”
Chen Ping decided that he would go to the mid-air alone and attract that thunder power!
He now had the power of the Thunder Origin, so perhaps the thunder power of these tests would not be able to hurt him at all!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you can’t do that, if you go and fight against those thunder forces by yourself, won’t you be sending yourself to death for nothing?”
Chen Wenliang hurriedly blocked Chen Ping!
Liu Ruyan was also shocked and said, “Chen Ping, don’t be ridiculous, how can you possibly resist those thunderbolts by yourself!”
“Mr Chen, you don’t need to care about us, just go!”
Nie Heng said to Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, I can’t die, you guys hurry up and get out of here!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body leapt up!
In mid-air, an electric light also began to emanate around Chen Ping’s body, as if a thunder snake was travelling!
These thunderbolts continued to spread towards the sky and began to attract that thunder to strike towards themselves!
Everyone looked at this scene and all of them were dumbfounded!
“What are you still frozen for, go ah ……”
Chen Wenliang reacted and immediately yelled!
This was Chen Ping using his life to buy them time, if they delayed, then they would be sorry for Chen Ping!
The Apothecaries reacted and hurriedly took the injured Apothecaries with them and desperately ran towards the thunder beyond!
Boom ……
A deafening roar startled the crowd!
Everyone instinctively froze, then looked up into the sky!
Only to see several incomparably thick thunderbolts, bombarding towards Chen Ping, whose entire body, was flooded with thunderbolts!
Seeing this scene, Liu Ruyan’s tears instantly flowed out!
“Chen Ping …………”
She didn’t know how Chen Ping was doing, as it was simply impossible to see!
All the pharmacists were also tightened in their hearts, silently praying and praying that Chen Ping was fine!
“Go, don’t stop ……”
Chen Wenliang violently pulled Liu Ruyan!
Stopping at this time would be looking for death!
Everyone ran once again, and at this time, Chen Ping, gritted his teeth in death, and increased the power of lightning that filled his body!
The raging thunderbolts that were travelling around his body were causing him a lot of pain!
The Origin Space opened, and the Thunderbolt Origin Star, desperately operated, absorbing the lightning power within Chen Ping’s body!
Boom …………
Several more thunderbolts struck down, and Chen Ping’s entire body trembled!
Chen Ping’s expression became hideous as he clenched his teeth in death, and his body began to bulge as far as the eye could see!
It seemed as if the entire person was about to explode!
“Quickly absorb, quickly ……”
Chen Ping cried out in his heart, making the Origin Star in absorb faster!
Otherwise, these lightning powers would burst Chen Ping’s body!
It was just a test, Chen Ping didn’t understand why this Pill God was making it so hard!
Could it be that he didn’t want anyone to inherit his legacy?
Chen Wenliang led the people to rush out of the place covered in thunder, and all of them collapsed on the ground, that sense of emptiness and the feeling of having been robbed of their lives, making them almost disengaged!
Ruyan Liu raised her head and looked at the one ball of light in mid-air that was brighter than the sun!
She knew that Chen Ping was within this ball of light and did not know what kind of pain he was enduring!
This kind of terrifying thunder would make a person go up in smoke!
Even if one was a Mahayana realm expert, then one would have to shed a layer of skin down!
The many pill masters were also nervously looking at the mid-air after catching their breaths, each of them nervous beyond measure!
I don’t know how long it took, but that blue light in the sky slowly faded away, and the thunder and lightning slowly disappeared!