“Sir Lin, I, the Ten Temples, am not a man of bad faith, it’s entirely a misunderstanding on your part!”
At that moment, a thin old man slowly came!
“You are from the Ten Temples?”Lin Ke Dong asked as he sized up the old man!
“Not bad, I came here this time to specially present 20,000 Immortal Spirit Stones as a deposit to Mr Lin, and the 80,000 Immortal Spirit Stones after the matter is completed will definitely be presented with both hands!”
After the old man finished speaking, he directly threw Lin Ke Dong a storage bag!
Opening the storage bag, he found that there were really twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones inside, which made Lin Ke Dong happy!
“I didn’t think that your Ten Temples would still be so generous, twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones as a deposit, but don’t worry, after I take your deposit, I will definitely kill that Chen Ping.”
Lin Ke Dong said with an excited face!
Seeing those twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, the other three also had envious eyes!
“This fellow Daoist, we can also help kill that Chen Ping, and we only need a 10,000 deposit for that, what do you think?”
The burly man couldn’t stand the lure of the Immortal Spirit Stones, so he said to the old man!
When Lin Ke Dong heard this, he immediately burst into a rage, this was blatantly stealing business from himself ah!
“Damn, how dare you, dare you rob my business in front of me?”
The aura on Lin Ke Dong’s body erupted, the feeling that he was about to make a move at any time!
“Rest in peace Mr Lin, how dare we compete with you, we will immediately roll ……”
The brocade robed man’s face changed drastically, then he pulled the burly man and left!
After moving away from Lin Ke Dong, the brocade robed man’s face turned blue as he looked at the burly man and said, “Second brother, you’re so fucking stupid, you almost got us all killed just now, and you even dare to mess with the Sun Moon City’s great young master?”
“Big brother, I …… didn’t I see that immortal spirit stone and didn’t hold back?”
“And by the looks of it, that Ten Temples is also quite credible and gave back the deposit.”
The lanky man had an aggrieved look on his face!
“Second brother, the three of us are just casual cultivators, and we don’t have a backer behind us, if we were all like you, the three of us would have died without a burial place.”
“If you go on with all this, I will be killed by you sooner or later if I follow my big brother!”
The slim man said with great dissatisfaction!
“You shut up, one person does what one person does, that Lin Ke Dong is only the peak of the 9th rank of the Mahayana realm, what’s so scary about that, the three of us will be able to kill him in minutes when we join forces.”
“By the time Lin Ke Dong dies, how could Sun Moon City possibly know who did it? You’re just as cowardly as a mouse.”
The stout man roared angrily at the slim man!
He didn’t dare to vent his dissatisfaction on his elder brother, but he wasn’t spoiling for this third brother!
Hearing the stout man’s words, the brocade-robed man let out a light sigh, seemingly very disappointed.
After hearing the brocade-robed man’s sigh, that slim man suddenly stabbed out with a gun, the fiery red tip of the gun heading straight for that stout man’s chest!
This sudden change of heart startled that lanky man and hurriedly blocked it with the meteor hammer in his hand, and roared, “Damn, you’re crazy, how dare you want to kill me ……”
“Second brother, it’s not that I want to kill you, it’s that big brother and I both want to kill you ……”
The slim man said!
“What?”The lanky man incredulously turned to look at the brocade-robed man, and before he could open his mouth, the brocade-robed man blasted his fist!
Boom!
That lanky man’s physical body instantly collapsed, and a strand of soul came out of his body!
“Big brother, why are you …… you doing this?”
The burly man’s soul questioned in an uncontrollable rage!
“You’re just too stupid, sooner or later, the two of us will be killed by you, it’s better to kill you directly to avoid trouble later!”
After the brocade-robed man finished speaking, with a wave of his palm, the other party’s soul directly flew away in ash, as if the lanky man had never existed!
Only that meteor hammer heavily staggered down on the ground, directly smashing a deep pit out of the ground!