When Xing Jun and Zhao Wuji heard this, they were all filled with righteous indignation. They did not expect that at the last moment, all the guys in the martial arts world in Kyoto would all target Chen Ping for the sake of profit and want to kill him, so shameless.
Was this still the style of any famous sects or martial arts families? What was the difference between following those evil cultivators?
Mr. Shi’s face was also unsightly, such a turn of events was something he had not expected, it seemed that he had still overestimated the nature of people.
“Could it be that Chen Ping really died at the bottom of the sea?”
Self-reproach flashed across Mr Shi’s face.
“Mr. Shi, the information I inquired about only said that Mr. Chen was trapped in that what’s-his-name Extreme Bliss City, and when those people escaped, Mr. Chen did not die.”
Zhao Wuji followed Mr. Shi and explained.
“Trapped in the City of Ultimate Bliss, there is no difference following death, since the City of Ultimate Bliss collapsed, I am afraid that the entire Dragon Lock Island no longer exists, then trapped in the bottom of the mixed sea, would there be any talk of living?”
Mr. Shi had a gloomy face!
“Mr. Shi, what kind of place is that Extreme Bliss City? You’ve been to that place?”
Xing Jun asked curiously to Mr. Shi.
He had never heard of this what’s-its-name Extreme Bliss City.
Mr. Shi shook his head, “I’ve only heard of it, it was an ancient city thousands of years ago, it suddenly disappeared overnight, no one knows where this City of Ultimate Bliss went, I didn’t expect it to sink to the bottom of the sea.”
“Mr. Shi, do you want me to lead someone to look for Chen Ping, even if Chen Ping is trapped at the bottom of the sea, with our current strength, we can still rescue him.”
“It’s really not possible, we always have to find his body, right?”
Xing Jun asked.
Without speaking, Mr. Shi relit a cigarette and followed up by smoking hard.
Suddenly, a white light flashed in Mr. Shi’s head, and Mr. Shi, who originally had a gloomy face, now revealed a smile.
This change in Mr. Shi’s expression froze everyone!
I wondered if this Mr. Shi was stupid, why was he suddenly grinning.
“Alright, don’t mind Chen Ping, you guys go out.”
Mr Shi shooed everyone out.
“This kid has a great life, I knew he couldn’t die, I hope this time it’s his destiny!”
Mr. Shi put out his cigarette and his face returned to its cold state.
………………
“Miss Xiao Ru, why don’t you rest at our house for a few days first, before I send you to the Pill God Valley?”
Walking out of the Protector’s Pavilion, Dong Jiahao said to Xiao Ru.
“Brother Dong, I want to go to the Pill God Valley now, now that Brother Chen Ping’s life and death are unknown, I want to follow Uncle Long and the others to discuss the matter, I believe Brother Chen Ping will not die.”
Xiao Ru said as she looked gratefully at Dong Jiahao.
After coming to Kyoto, Xiao Ru was unfamiliar with the city, fortunately, Dong Jiahao was there, which made Xiao Ru very grateful to Dong Jiahao!
“Alright then, I’ll send you to Pill God Valley now.”
Dong Jiahao said as he nodded his head.
Dong Liqun sent several half-step Martial Marquis and Martial Marquis experts to escort Dong Jiahao and Xiao Ru to the Pill God Valley!
During this trial, Chen Ping had been targeted by the entire Kyoto Martial Dao community and Dong Jiahao had been injured, Dong Liqun was furious inside!
However, the current Dong Family was not strong enough to fight against the entire Kyoto Martial Arts Community, so he could only hold back!
When the Dong family was strong enough, he would definitely take revenge on Chen Ping!
Because without Chen Ping, there would be no Dong Family now!
Those who had the same thoughts were also the Valley of the Wicked. Chen Ping had died, and whether it was Zhao Liguo or the Four Wicked Men, as Chen Ping’s subordinates, they had the responsibility to avenge Chen Ping.
However, they also knew that they were not strong enough to fight against the entire martial arts community in Kyoto, but this hatred was already in each of their hearts, and one day, this blood revenge would be avenged.