Seeing this, the big guy was about to strike again, but Chen Ping stepped in, “Mate, hold off, a thousand immortal coins is no big deal!”
The big guy paused, sizing up Chen Ping, “A mere first-grade Immortal Transformation Realm, yet you’ve made it to the First Heaven. Either you’re a prodigy, or you’ve got connections and pulled some strings!”
Chen Ping grinned cheekily, “I’m here through the back door, just having a wander!”
“You got into the First Heaven through connections, but how did you get into Rhino City?” someone asked, puzzled.
After all, with Chen Ping’s strength, he couldn’t possibly have a pass. How could he enter Rhino City?
“I’m mates with the princess of Rhino City. We hang out all the time, and she invited me as a guest.”
Chen Ping, at this point, could only keep spinning tales, hoping his bluster would defuse the crisis!
“You’re mates with the princess?”
Everyone looked at Chen Ping in disbelief!
How could a puny first-grade Immortal Transformation Realm cultivator be friends with the princess?
The princess was a native of the Heavenly Realm, born with immortal bones!
How could she be friends with a first-grade Immortal Transformation Realm nobody?
“Stop talking rubbish. The princess, your friend? We can’t even get a glimpse of her, and you’re her mate?”
The big guy didn’t buy it. He might be tall, but he wasn’t a dimwit!
“Don’t believe me? Have a look at this, then.”
Chen Ping remembered the small token Niu Li had given him and pulled it out!
The big guy glanced at the token and gasped, “Blimey, that’s indeed a City Lord’s Mansion token. Seems you’re not lying!”
“But even if the princess is your friend, you still need to cough up the immortal coins today!”
“We never said we wouldn’t pay. We’re just a bit short. We’ll head to the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion to exchange for immortal coins now!” Chen Ping had just overheard someone mention the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion and quickly latched onto it.
“Fine, I’ll go with you!”
The big guy leapt down from the platform!
“Mate, you’ve got stuff here that needs watching. No need to tag along. We’ll come back with the immortal coins, promise!”
Chen Ping didn’t want the big guy following, as they could scarper the moment they turned a corner!
“No worries, this stuff’s safe here. No one’s ever nicked anything in Rhino City!”
The big guy waved dismissively.
Chen Ping, seeing no way out, could only nod helplessly.
It looked like they’d have to find a chance to leg it, or how else would they get immortal coins?
“Mate, lead the way. We’re new here and don’t know where the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion is!” Chen Ping said.
The big guy nodded and led Chen Ping and the others toward the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.
“Master Hu, can’t you knock this big guy out, and then we three make a run for it?” Chen Ping whispered to Hu Mazi.
“No way, this bloke’s in the Loose Immortal Realm!” Hu Mazi shook his head frantically.
“Can’t do it? Then why were you acting all high and mighty, bidding a thousand immortal coins?”
Chen Ping shot Hu Mazi an angry glare.
“I was just feeling sorry for those two lasses. They’re so lovely, I didn’t want them ruined by someone else!” Hu Mazi said, a bit embarrassed.
After all, he’d caused this mess!
“Give over. If those two lasses ended up with you, they’d be worse off than with anyone else!” Chen Ping retorted with a roll of his eyes.
Hu Mazi stayed silent, knowing Chen Ping was right.
“Friend Chen, don’t be so glum. Let’s get to this Heavenly Treasure Pavilion first. We’ll pool everything we’ve got, and maybe it’ll be worth a thousand immortal coins!” Xiu Rui comforted Chen Ping, urging him not to panic.
“That’s all we can do.”
Chen Ping sighed.
Soon, the three were led by the big guy to the Heavenly Treasure Pavilion.
This pavilion was managed by the City Lord’s Mansion, and private operations were strictly forbidden!