“You don’t dare to fight me?”
Chen Ping asked when he saw Fan Jiang backing up repeatedly and dodging his attacks.
“You are just dying now, why should I bother with you, when the time is up, you will naturally give in.”
This was because Fan Jiang did not want to follow Chen Ping in his fight, after all, Chen Ping did not have much time left to hold on.
“You are at the peak of Martial Marquis, but there is also a time when you are afraid?”
Chen Ping sneered at Fan Jiang.
But this time Fan Jiang laughed coldly, “It’s useless, no need to be using agitation on me, when the time comes, you will find that what you are saying now is all nonsense ……”
Chen Ping’s face was gloomy and he was not speaking, he knew he was running out of time and could not waste a single second!
Chen Ping then instantly exploded his breath and headed towards Fan Jiang.
However, Fan Jiang kept using his speed to his advantage to dodge.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and swung out punch after punch, but all to no avail!
Fan Jiang’s speed was so fast that the two were like a cat catching a mouse!
Fan Jiang had a sneer on his face, as if he was enjoying the feeling of being chased!
Chen Ping stopped his body and looked at Fan Jiang coldly!
“What? No more strength?”
Fan Jiang asked with a smile.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, a cold aura glowing in his eyes!
Seeing that Chen Ping was not moving, Fan Jiang also stopped his stance!
Only to see Chen Ping’s hands raised and his feet trembling slightly, followed by a chanting of words in his mouth!
A ray of light pervaded from underneath Chen Ping’s feet!
Suddenly, the scenery around them all over again, and the two people seemed to have changed spaces!
“Spatial spell ……”
Fan Jiang saw this and frowned slightly.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s dragon crystal kept flickering and the essence blood on his body kept boiling.
The cold sweat on his forehead dripped onto the ground and evaporated in an instant.
As for spatial arts, Chen Ping did not have much mastery of them, he simply could not do what that Ge Fuhai did, building a space at his whim and with a wave of his hand!
He could only try his best to cast a spatial technique to see if he could control Fan Jiang!
At this moment, Fan Jiang was trapped in this space, and his whole body felt a heavy sense of bondage!
“This time, I’ll see where you can still run ……”
Chen Ping’s feet kicked in and he charged towards Fan Jiang!
Fan Jiang did not dodge this time, but waved his hand and struck out with a shadow of a fist!
Boom boom boom …………
The two men were both very fast and instantly collided with each other, only to see a golden light flashing.
Soon the two men separated, Chen Ping’s body was blasted with a wound that touched the eyes!
Chen Ping gasped for air and stared at Fan Jiang with a deadly stare!
He had made a fatal mistake at this moment.
Although he had cast a spatial technique to trap Fan Jiang, the huge spiritual energy consumption from casting the spatial technique made it impossible for him to gain a single advantage when he followed Fan Jiang in a fight!
If he kept on fighting like this for a few minutes, Chen Ping knew that he would definitely lose!
Fan Jiang could also see this, and had a fierce smile on his face, “You must have consumed a lot of strength when you cast this spatial technique, right? You are now burning your essence blood to boost your strength, I’ll see how long you can last!”
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping spurted out another mouthful of essence blood, and his entire face was livid as he reluctantly headed towards Fan Jiang again.
The golden fist carried an endless pressure, each punch Chen Ping used all his strength!
Fan Jiang, on the other hand, followed Chen Ping’s blast with all his might!
Not a single careless moment, Fan Jiang knew that this was Chen Ping’s last desperate struggle!
A dozen punches later!
Although Fan Jiang’s body had some wounds, they were not serious!
Chen Ping’s heart was in despair, and he looked at Fan Jiang with a gasp of resignation!
The scenery around him slowly changed and returned to its original form!