“Hurry up and go ……”
Chen Ping urged, he was afraid that delay would make things worse!
One after another, the four of them walked through the light door, their figures slowly appearing in the backyard of the Martial Alliance!
The Dragon Sect disciples who were originally patrolling the backyard froze for a moment when they saw the suddenly opened light door, and the four of them walking out, Chen Ping!
But soon they reacted and immediately fell to their knees and said, “Sect Master, you’ve finally come out.”
“Quickly go and inform Master Hu that the Sect Master has come out ……”
Soon, the news of Chen Ping and the others escaping the secret realm reached Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu.
Immediately afterwards they all swarmed inside the Martial Dao Alliance, and looking at Chen Ping and the others who had already walked out, Hu Pocky’s eyes were filled with surprise!
“Chen Ping, how on earth did you open the entrance and walk out?”
You know that Pocky Hu and Zhou Jie had tried everything they could, but they hadn’t been able to open the entrance again!
“It’s a long story, let’s go back and talk about it!”
Chen Ping led the crowd back to the Dragon Gate!
Su Yuqi looked at the huge Dragon Gate, and the fact that everyone was following Chen Ping and shouting for the Sect Master was a bit of a surprise to her!
“Yuqi, a lot of things have happened during the time you were away, I will slowly tell you about it afterwards.”
Chen Ping could see Su Yuqi’s confusion, so he said with a faint smile.
“Yu Qi …………”
At this moment, Gu Ling’er came!
Seeing the piece of Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er pounced up and followed Su Yuqi tightly in a hug!
“Ling’er!” Su Yuqi was also filled with mixed feelings when she saw Gu Ling’er!
Ji Ru Xue also arrived with many girls, seeing Xiao Ru and Wu Mei Er, Ji Ru Xue asked, “Xiao Ru, where have you two gone, we’ve been looking for you!”
“Sister Ru Xue, we’ve been taken away …………”
Xiao Ru then followed Ji Ru Xue and told her what happened in detail!
Hearing that both Xiao Ru and Wu Mei Er had been captured and locked up in the secret realm, the many girls were all surprised!
And Su Yuqi, after following Gu Ling’er with some pleasantries, swept her gaze over the many girls!
As a woman, Su Yuqi’s sixth sense told her that these girls were all related to Chen Ping!
“Hello, my name is Ji Ru Xue ……”
Ji Ru Xue graciously followed Su Yuqi and introduced herself!
After looking at Ji Ru Xue’s drop dead, unparalleled face, Su Yuqi herself a girl was a little lost in thought!
Because Ji Ru Xue was like a beautiful woman who came out of an ancient painting!
“Hello, my name is Su Yuqi ……” Su Yuqi came back to her senses and shook hands with Ji Ruixue!
Chen Ping, at this moment, was as embarra*sed as he could be, he didn’t know how to explain after Su Yuqi!
“After being stuck inside for so long, you must be hungry, right? I’ve asked someone to prepare a banquet, today is a happy day, let’s have a good time ……”
Long Xing Xu saw Chen Ping’s embarra*sed look and hurriedly came out to relieve the situation!
Soon, the entire Dragon Gate began to be bustling with activity, decorated with lights and colors, and the banquet was set up at dozens of tables!
Chen Ping was introducing the people around him to Su Yuqi one by one!
“Miss Su, you don’t know that Chen Ping almost lost his life to save your life because of the risks he took several times ……”
Hu Pazi followed Su Yuqi and said.
Su Yuqi glanced at Chen Ping with a happy smile on her face, she knew she was locked up inside and Chen Ping must be very anxious!
The Dragon Sect’s banquet went on until late at night, today was considered the happiest day for the whole Dragon Sect, and for Chen Ping too!
And countless fireworks, blooming over the Dragon Gate ……
Protector’s Pavilion, Mr. Shi tilted his head and looked at the fireworks in the sky, his face expressionless!
“Mr Shi, that Chen Ping saved his girlfriend, and now the whole Dragon Sect is celebrating!”
Xing Jun said as he walked up to Mr Shi’s side.
“He’s celebrating too early ……”
Mr. Shi sighed lightly, then pulled out a letter from his body and handed it to Xing Jun: “If that Chen Ping looks for me tomorrow, just say I’m not here and give him this letter ……”