“Watch out for my father …….”
Long Xiao hastily reminded.
Chen Ping faced the four black bronze robes and frowned slightly, “Four mid Martial Marquis experts, it seems that the Martial Alliance has really moved in order to kill ……”
The four black bronze robed experts, standing in four directions, blocked Chen Ping’s path to death, Chen Ping simply could not escape.
“Chen Ping, be a good boy and give up your hands, don’t struggle unnecessarily ……”
Chilliness erupted from the four men, and the aura that erupted from their bodies sent chills down their spines!
Chen Ping’s face changed as one hand held onto Long Jingguo for dear life, as long as Long Jingguo was in his hand, these people would have scruples and he would be able to find an opportunity to escape!
One of Chen Ping’s hands slowly touched the Qiankun Circle, he was going to use the spatial technique of the Qiankun Circle to escape from here.
Although with four mid Martial Marquis experts, Chen Ping could still put up a fight, but this was Kyoto, who knew if the Martial Alliance still had a backhand, so Chen Ping did not intend to fight hard!
“This Long Jingguo can be in my hands, so dare you make a move against me?”
Chen Ping said as he looked coldly at the four black bronze robes.
“Haha, what harm can it do if you kill him? Our character is to take your life, the death or survival of others is none of our business ……”
One of the black bronze robes instantly laughed out loud.
Let alone Long Jingguo, they didn’t even look at Zhu Zhishan’s life, in their eyes, there was only the completion of the mission!
Seeing that black bronze robe say so, Long Jingguo’s face was very ugly, feeling that he was a little embarra*sed on his face.
On the other hand, Long Xiao looked at Zhu Zhishan at the side, “Lord Zhu, what do you mean by this?”
“Don’t worry, Long Gongzi, they are just talking casually, the Long Family Master will be fine!”
Zhu Zhishan said comfortingly to Long Xiao.
In fact, Zhu Zhishan himself did not even have the right to order these four black bronze robes.
“Since this Long Jingguo is useless, then I will kill him ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and slapped a palm at Long Jingguo.
Seeing this, one of the black-robed men slammed his fist out towards Chen Ping, while the other black bronze robe stepped forward and caught Long Jingguo instantly!
Chen Ping was not trying to kill that Long Jingguo, he was trying to attract the ideas of these four black bronze robes!
Seeing that he had a chance, Chen Ping violently threw out the Qiankun Circle, and a black hole instantly appeared in mid-air.
But just as Chen Ping was about to dive into the black hole to escape, he noticed a golden light flashing up in the sky, followed by the sight of a magic weapon suspended in mid-air, with a burst of golden light emanating from it!
This light instantly enveloped the entire martial arts arena, and blocked Chen Ping’s escape route!
The hole that appeared disappeared and the Qiankun Circle fell to the ground!
“Hahahaha, we already knew you would play this trick, so we had prepared for it long ago ……”
Zhu Zhi Shan laughed loudly.
At this time, Ge Fuhai, who was in the crowd, could not help but be a little surprised after seeing the magic weapon in mid-air, “This Martial Alliance is really deep, to have this kind of spatial magic weapon ……”
“Dad, what is a spatial magic weapon?”
Ge Jiayi asked curiously.
“You’ll understand later, this time Chen Ping is in big trouble ……”
Ge Fuhai stared at the martial arts arena with a deadly gaze.
And at this moment, Chen Ping, after realising that he couldn’t escape, instantly sacrificed his Dragon Chopping Sword, and the light on his body began to flicker as the Unbreakable Golden Body covered his entire body!
“Let me see, how strong is this formation of yours ……”
Chen Ping said, as the Zeng Long Sword in his hand swung violently towards the spell in mid-air!
An incomparably sharp sword qi instantly chopped towards the magic weapon in mid-air!
Only before that sword qi touched the magic weapon, it instantly disappeared without a trace!
Chen Ping frowned, then waved another sword qi, but the result was still the same, not to mention breaking the formation, he couldn’t even touch the magic weapon!
Seeing this scene, the corners of Zhu Zhishan’s mouth lifted up!
“Don’t waste your efforts, this is a spatial artifact, your sword qi has not disappeared, it has merely been transported to another dimension.”
At this moment, a secret voice rang out in Chen Ping’s ears.