Soon, Long Wu pulled Wu Mei’er away from following the girl, and then looked at Wu Mei’er with a puzzled face and said, “Mei’er, you’ve never seen your own family, how do you know she is your sister?”
Wu Mei’er looked at Long Wu and also said with a confused face, “I …… I don’t know, just seeing her, I felt very close, I couldn’t help but call out sister ……”
Long Wu looked at the girl again and said with a straight face, “Girl, what’s your name? Where are you from? Who are your parents? Do you know that you have a twin sister?”
The girl shook her head and said, “My name is Xiao Lan, I’m not sure where I’m from, I haven’t seen my parents since I was a child, it was my righteous father who raised me, I didn’t know I had a sister either, it’s just …… just that feeling of being connected by blood that makes me feel warm inside. ”
“Who is your righteous father? Why did you come to arrest me?” Chen Ping asked hurriedly to Xiaolan at this point.
Xiao Lan looked at Chen Ping warily, but was not speaking.
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping anxiously wanted to go forward and grab Xiao Lan to question her, but just as soon as he reached out, he was stopped by Wu Mei’er, “What do you want?”
“Of course I want to ask why she killed me, I can’t just be hunted down for no reason ……”
Chen Ping said with an unhappy face.
After all, anyone would not be happy to be attacked for no reason.
“You can’t touch her, she’s my sister ……”
Wu Mei’er had a determined look on her face as she held Xiaolan back.
“You just look alike, what makes you so sure she’s your sister? Even if she is your sister, she attacked me and I still can’t fight back?”
Chen Ping questioned at Wu Mei’er.
“I don’t care, I’m just sure she’s my sister, you can’t touch her ……”
Wu Mei’er pouted her mouth, although she had no power at all to follow Chen Ping against him except for her charm technique, but at this time Wu Mei’er did not flinch.
Seeing this, Long Wu said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, don’t ask questions yet, wait until we figure out who they are, you come out with me first ……”
Long Wu called Chen Ping to the living room, and only Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan were left inside the room.
“I’ll ask Ding Buzan what’s going on now, he’s the one who handed Mei’er over to me ……”
Long Wu said, taking out his mobile phone and preparing to contact Ding Buzan.
Hearing the odd name, Chen Ping asked curiously, “Uncle Long, who is this Ding Buzan? Why did he hand Mei’er over to you after picking her up?”
Long Wu dialed the number while explaining to Chen Ping: “This Ding Buzan is one of the four villains in the Vicious Valley, Mei’er is a baby, still a girl, they have no way to raise her, because I have some friendship with Ding Buzan, so he gave Mei’er to me to raise …… ”
“The Valley of the Wicked?” Chen Ping frowned when he heard this, “Are all the people inside this Valley of the Wicked villains vicious people?”
Long Wu smiled and shook his head: “People who are afraid of them call them evil people, but those who like them see them as righteous people, I feel that these guys in the Valley of Evil People are just little old men who punish evil and promote good, just a little eccentric in nature …… ”
Chen Ping still wanted to ask something, but at this time the phone had already been connected.
“Long Wu, why did you remember to call me so early? Is it because you’re being chased by the Dragon Family again? How many times have I told you, the Dragon Family is after you, that is your Dragon Family’s business, I have no way to care and no reason to care, but if you join our Evil Valley, then our Evil Valley will have a reason to shelter you, and the Dragon Family will not dare to make a move on you ……”
A lazy voice came from the other side, still yawning, looking like he hadn’t woken up yet.
“Ding Buzan, I am not being hunted, and you should not persuade me to leave the Dragon Family, my life, Long Wu, was saved by the old master of the Dragon Family, so I was born as a member of the Dragon Family, and I will die as a ghost of the Dragon Family, there is no way I can join you in the Valley of Evil ……”
Long Wu said back very firmly.