“Elder Qi, what kind of tactic is this? The two of us are clearly standing right here, and they can’t even detect it, they can’t even feel their breath.”
Li Xing was surprised to see Chen Ping and the others preparing to leave!
“My lord, this is the Void Transportation Technique, this is a technique passed down from our ancestors.”
“Not to mention a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, even if it’s a peak Ferrying Realm Grand Cultivator, he would never want to spot us under this Void Escape Technique of mine.”
“This technique has saved me many times, without a single miss.”
“We just need to wait quietly for them to leave, and then we can go.”
Elder Qi said with a proud face!
“Really not a single miss?” Elder Qi’s words had just fallen when he heard Chen Ping’s voice ringing out on all sides of them!
Elder Qi and that Lixing were stunned at the same time and hurriedly looked around, finding that there was no figure of Chen Ping at all!
Not seeing his body, but hearing his voice, this caused the two to instantly panic!
Immediately after, they saw a ripple in the void before them, and Chen Ping’s figure slowly appeared in front of the two!
Elder Qi’s Void Vanishing Technique instantly disintegrated, exposing Chen Ping and Ji Yun!
“Playing hide and seek in front of you, you are still a bit young ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Elder Qi with a mocking expression!
Elder Qi’s face changed drastically, his heart was also shocked, his Void Escape Technique had never been recognised by anyone, today it was incredible that it was recognised by Chen Ping!
“Kid, you are too crazy ……”
Elder Qi slapped his palm towards Chen Ping, and the whistling wind arrived instantly!
However, this palm slapped directly on Chen Ping’s body, but it instantly penetrated Chen Ping and directly slapped empty!
The front from Chen Ping was nothing more than a shadow.
“Since you like to hide so much, then I will also accompany you to hide for a while ……”
Chen Ping’s mocking voice travelled inside the ears of the two from all directions!
Elder Qi and that Knight Star, only felt that the scene in front of them was constantly changing, and Chen Ping’s silhouette began to appear from all directions!
“Ah …………”
Seeing this scene, Li Xing was somewhat frantic, desperately waving in all directions!
But to no avail, every one of Li Xing’s palms hit empty.
That Elder Qi reached out and stopped Li Xing, his brows frowning as he looked around “A good hand of illusionary formation, even let us unknowingly fall into it ……”
“Elder Qi, what should we do?”
Li Xing was a little panicked.
Chen Ping’s figure appeared from time to time in the surroundings, even if it did not attack him, it still scared him enough!
In a moment, he was probably scared to death because he did not know from what position Chen Ping would appear the next moment!
“Your Excellency don’t panic, this illusionary formation is meant to make us confuse ourselves, as long as we calm our hearts, we will be able to break this illusionary formation of his!”
Elder Qi comforted Li Xing while his eyes looked around vigilantly!
Li Xing hid tightly behind Elder Qi, his body shaking like a sieve!
Only to see that Elder Qi strangling his hands, a ghostly green light, sliding from that Elder Qi’s fingertips!
“Blood Spectre Soul Destruction, Ten Thousand Ghosts Slaughtering Spirits …………”
Elder Qi drank coldly under his breath, and as his hands formed consecutive seals, an ethereal green Soul Drawing Streamer appeared in Elder Qi’s hands!
A ghostly cold aura emanated from the Soul Drawing Streamer, instantly causing people’s hairs to explode!
In Elder Qi’s hands, the Soul Drawing Streamer was emitting a ghostly green light, and there were also bursts of mournful cries emanating from it!
Li Xing, who was hiding behind Elder Qi, was scared enough to see this scene!
He had never seen Elder Qi use such a thing before!
The Soul Drawing Streamer continued to dance, and the illusion formation instantly turned into a green world.
“Break ……”
Accompanied by Elder Qi’s loud shout, the green world instantly burst, returning to its original form in an instant!
It was only then that the two of them could see that Chen Ping and Ji Yun were not far away from them watching them.