“Then what do you say?”
Chen Ping looked at the woman breathlessly, “Do you still want me to stay here forever and give my life in return?”
“Bah, who asked you to give your body in return, I only asked you to swear that you can never tell the truth about this matter. ”
“Also what is your name, you can’t take advantage of me and not even know your name!”
The woman asked at Chen Ping!
“My name is Chen Ping, I won’t say anything about today’s matter, is it always okay now?”
Chen Ping said helplessly!
“No, you destroyed my precious sword, you must compensate me before ……”
The woman shook her head and said!
“What am I going to compensate you with? Besides it was you who took the initiative to attack me and almost killed me, you still want me to compensate you for your sword?”
Chen Ping was speechless, this woman was somewhat incomprehensible!
Obviously she was the one who attacked herself first, and in the end she had no choice but to counterattack, and now she even blurted out that she should compensate her for her precious sword.
“Then compensate me for the sword in your hand, I see that this sword of yours is not bad!”
The woman said!
“Roll ……” Chen Ping burst out, “This sword of mine is equal to my life, how can I possibly compensate you.”
“If you are talking nonsense, I will kill you with a sword, nagging ……”
Chen Ping got angry, but the woman was surprisingly not afraid of it, and looked at Chen Ping angrily, “That sword of mine was forged by the Weapon Refining Sect, and it is the fifty-eighth ranked sword in our Ten Thousand Swords Sect.”
“If you don’t pay me back, I will fight you ……”
“Your sword was forged by the Weapon Refining Sect?”Chen Ping was stunned!
“That’s right, most of our Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s swords are forged by the supply of refiners, they are not ordinary swords, so you have to pay me back!”
The woman began to cry and whine again!
“I didn’t think that your Ten Thousand Swords Sect would still have dealings with the Weapon Refining Sect, but that Weapon Refining Sect has long existed in name only and is in shambles, so how can it still forge swords for your Ten Thousand Swords Sect?”
Chen Ping knew that the Weapon Refining Sect Patriarch had been captured by the Fire Burning Sect, and the Weapon Refining Sect had been destroyed!
“How do you know this?”
The woman was slightly stunned, then said, “The Weapon Refining Sect was indeed destroyed by the Fire Burning Sect more than ten years ago, and the Patriarch of the Weapon Refining Sect as well as the many elders were captured, which caused our Ten Thousand Swords Sect to not be updating its treasure swords for more than ten years.”
“However, some time ago, many of the elders of the Weapon Refining Sect suddenly returned to the Weapon Refining Sect and began to re-recruit disciples, and nowadays the Weapon Refining Sect has come back to life even though it is much smaller.”
As Chen Ping listened to the woman, he instantly remembered that when he had come to the Celestial Realm, he had rescued those Elders of the Weapon Refining Sect in the dungeon of the Demon Heart Sect!
Moreover, Master Ironhammer had said at that time that he would revitalise the Weaponry Refining Sect again!
Now, it seemed that the Weaponry Refining Sect should have been revitalised again.
“To tell you the truth, I’m actually the benefactor of the Weaponry Refining Sect, I’m the one who is responsible for the rejuvenation of the Weaponry Refining Sect.”
Chen Ping said to the woman!
“Bullsh*t, you’re just a small cultivator at the 7th rank realm of the Transition Realm, how can you be the benefactor of the Weaponry Refining Sect, even if you have some strength, in front of a big sect like the Weaponry Refining Sect, you’re nothing but an ant.”
“Don’t you presume that by saying this, I will be able to let you go, if you don’t compensate me for my sword today, I won’t be done with you.”
The woman simply did not believe what Chen Ping said!
“It doesn’t matter if you don’t believe me, but let me tell you, the Dragon Chopping Sword in my hand is the Refining Weapon Sect’s Zhen Zong Sword, and this Dragon Chopping Sword has still been repaired by Sword Elder.”
Chen Ping waved the Zhan Long Sword in his hand and said!
When the woman heard this, she stared at the Zhan Long Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, and then let out a cold laugh, “Who are you fooling, how can you be given the Zhen Zong Sword of the Weaponry Refining Sect, not to mention what you said about the Sword Elder, I haven’t heard of it at all.