“Gentlemen, now that the five-coloured birds have been outside the dirigible, there is no way for us to move forward, I wonder if there is any way for everyone to lure these five-coloured birds away as well.”
Cai Hongwei asked loudly to the crowd!
Now even Miao Lao went out and couldn’t deal with these birds, now he could only solicit everyone’s opinion to see if there was any other good way!
“I’ll try ……”
At this time, Chen Ping spoke up!
“You go?” Cai Hongwei was a bit surprised “With your strength, isn’t going out there just a death sentence? You know that even Elder Miao can’t carry a single strike from this flock of birds.”
“I have my own way, although I can’t destroy all of these five-coloured birds, but I can lure them away.”
Chen Ping said!
“Kid, you’re just a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, you can lure away the flock of five-coloured birds? This is not a joke, right?”
Sikong Zhen simply did not believe that Chen Ping had this ability!
“Why don’t you go out and try?”
Chen Ping looked at Sikong Zhen and asked!
When Sikong Zhen heard this, he hurriedly shook his head “I don’t have that ability, I don’t have a diamond drill, I don’t take on porcelain work, I am self-aware.”
Chen Ping glanced at Sikong Zhen and did not pay attention to him, this guy looks like a gentleman, but is a wimp!
“Ji Yun, in a moment, I’ll lure that five-coloured bird away, you’ll immediately manoeuvre the dirigible and fly away from here.”
Chen Ping said to Ji Yun!
“Mr Chen, what are you going to do then?”
Ji Yun asked!
“I have a way to catch up, don’t worry ……” Chen Ping patted Ji Yun’s shoulder, then glanced at the fire phoenix, followed by a leap!
After Chen Ping leapt out of the airship, his body immediately flashed with golden light, the Unbreakable Golden Body activated, coupled with the Golden Origin boost, the layers of golden scales on Chen Ping’s body shone even brighter!
Looking at Chen Ping’s golden scaled armour, everyone was stunned!
“What kind of treasure is this, it should be a treasure armour or something.” >
“Too awesome, this can’t be something from the ancient times, right?”
“This kid doesn’t look very old, how could he have this kind of treasure?”
The crowd was very puzzled, not understanding how Chen Ping could possess such a treasure armour as the Unbreakable Golden Body!
Just as Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body was unleashed, the thousands of five-coloured birds swarmed around, blackening the area to surround Chen Ping!
Soon, Chen Ping’s figure disappeared and was directly covered by the flock of birds!
Seeing this scene, both Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix acted very nervous!
On the other hand, Chen Ping was incomparably calm at this moment, his body continuously emitting golden light before quickly flying towards the far side of the blimp!
Because of the protection of the Unbreakable Golden Body, those five-coloured birds pecking at Chen Ping’s body could not cause any harm to him at all!
Soon, those five-coloured birds were all attracted away by Chen Ping, while Ji Yun was controlling the dirigible to quickly sail away!
After watching the blimp sail away from the area, a hint of flame flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes, followed by his body starting to burn!
The blazing flames burned and were accompanied by lightning flickering all around!
The five-coloured birds that were close to Chen Ping were all killed by the flames or lightning strikes!
Chen Ping dared to rush out of the dirigible because after observing it, he found that the five-coloured birds attacked with their claws and beaks, while Chen Ping himself had a strong physical body, coupled with the Unbreakable Golden Body and the Golden Origin, he thought that the attacks of the five-coloured birds couldn’t hurt him at all!
Sure enough, those five-coloured birds were now surrounding Chen Ping, but they were unable to cause any harm to him, instead, they were bombarded with flames and lightning from Chen Ping’s body, killing and injuring him!
In the end, Chen Ping rushed out of the encirclement of the five-coloured birds and headed towards the airship!
At that moment, from the blimp, a figure rushed out, and then transformed into a huge and incomparable phoenix, waving its wings and coming!
This was the fire phoenix coming to pick up Chen Ping, if Chen Ping were to catch up with the blimp in mid-air by himself, he was afraid that it would take a lot of stamina!
The fire phoenix was different, as long as she returned to her original body, she could directly soar in the air.