But Chen Ping’s hand’s dragon chopping sword didn’t lose momentum and went straight for Old Liu’s chest!
“Hahahaha, even a little Martial Saint wants to kill me ……”
Old Liu laughed as his body disappeared into thin air!
Chen Ping’s sword directly hit a black mist, in which countless poisonous insects covered Chen Ping’s whole body.
Old Liu had already arrived at one side at some point!
Seeing Chen Ping wrapped in the dense poisonous insects, Old Liu laughed again.
“Kid, let you taste the feeling of the old man’s ten thousand poisons devouring your heart ……”
Old Liu laughed!
The first time I saw a woman, she was watching nervously!
But Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, was wrapped in countless poisonous insects, but he did not feel the slightest bit of panic inside!
A faint blue flame began to rise from Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword, followed by Chen Ping’s entire body!
The blue flames began to burn, and the poisonous insects wrapped around Chen Ping’s body were instantly destroyed by the flames!
“Spiritual fire?”
Old Liu frowned when he saw that Chen Ping’s body was burning with spirit fire!
“That’s not good enough ……”
Chen Ping swung out again with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and a brilliant sword aura headed straight for Old Liu!
However, the sword mane instantly pa*sed through Old Liu’s body, and Old Liu gradually deflated and became a black mist again!
This time the black fog turned into a fierce beast, throwing its head back and roaring!
Old Willow himself reappeared on Chen Ping’s side at an unknown time!
“Kid, you can’t hit me ……”
Old Willow said with a confident face.
“Your illusion is really good, it can be so realistic!”
At this time, Chen Ping also found out that every time he attacked, it was not Old Liu’s body, but an illusion!
However, Chen Ping could not tell at first whether the old willow in front of his face was an illusion or not!
As a result, every time Chen Ping struck out, he only hit the illusionary body and could not hurt Old Willow at all!
“Haha, now that you know, then be a good boy and give yourself up, so I don’t have to waste my time!”
Old Willow laughed as the black mist rose from his body!
“Hmph, although your illusions are good, I am not made of clay either ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand flashed with light and a dragon roar sounded!
“Roar …………”
The beast roared loudly and charged towards Chen Ping.
The dragon chopping sword turned into a golden dragon and fought with the beast!
Chen Ping turned his head towards Old Liu and clenched his fists with a golden light!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping slammed his fist into Old Liu!
Old Liu’s eyes flashed with fear when he saw this, he had no idea that the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand had a consciousness and could fight on its own!
Just as Chen Ping’s fist smashed into Old Liu, Old Liu’s body suddenly disappeared again, followed by a black mist rising up, and then Old Liu’s body appeared on one side!
“Kid, I told you, you won’t be able to hit me, don’t waste your energy!”
Old Willow said to Chen Ping.
But Chen Ping would not listen to him, only to see Chen Ping’s hands grabbing at the void, and a shackle-like spiritual force surrounded him!
Soon, Chen Ping had sealed the space in front of him. No matter how clever Old Liu’s illusion was, there was no way for him to leave this space.
Old Liu also seemed to sense the change in the space around him, his face changed slightly and his body quickly retreated backwards!
Old Liu’s strength is not strong, he relies on his own magic, but if he is sealed in an enclosed space, then his magic is useless and his illusion is useless!
…………
There was a loud bang and Old Liu’s body hit the transparent gla*s, and he felt dizzy afterwards!
“You can’t escape, this area of space has been sealed by me. Where else can you escape?”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice.