After all, what he was holding wasn’t a Martial Saint weapon, so how could he possibly withstand such a frenzied attack!
After Old Seven’s weapon was turned into powder, his body was also instantly slashed by several blades, and his body flew straight backwards, cutting a deep gash in the ring!
Seeing this, the boss’s entire body became hideous.
In the blink of an eye, Chen Ping had continuously taken away the Martial Saint Blade, and now he had also directly injured Old Five and Old Seven, and now they were clearly at a disadvantage.
“Set up a formation …………”
Suddenly, the Boss burst out!
Soon, Old Five and Old Seven, who were originally seriously injured, all had a bright light in their eyes and sat up straight away!
And Old Three, Old Four and Old Six, who were holding back the Dragon Chopper, also instantly broke away from the battle and stood behind the Boss.
“Chen Ping, I want you to die, I want everyone here to die ……”
The boss gritted his teeth and his face was hideous.
“Oh no, these guys are going to destroy their own souls ……”
The Demon Amba*sador inside Ning Zhi secretly screamed a bad word and immediately said to Ning Zhi, “Go, get out of here ……”
Although Ning Zhi did not know what the Demon Amba*sador was afraid of, Ning Zhi could only obey the order and hurriedly got up and left.
As he left, Ning Zhi looked back, “Chen Ping, I hope you will stay alive and wait for my showdown with you ……”
No one noticed the departing Ning Zhi, everyone was still watching with great interest!
At this time the black and silver robed boss’s eyes slowly began to change colour, the whole pair of eyes no longer had white eyeballs, black looked very frightening.
The black and silver-robed bosses’ eyes slowly changed colour, their eyes no longer had any white eyeballs, and they looked very frightening.
Several of the black and silver robes looked at each other and then violently all swung viciously towards their hearts.
The boss’s sharp tiger finger instantly pierced his heart and a mouthful of blood gushed out!
The other black and silver robes also each used their own weapons and instantly smashed through their own hearts!
Scarlet blood flowed all over the place.
And the aura of these black and silver robes instantly withered and disappeared as they all collapsed to the ground!
At this moment, the crowd was all dumbfounded, not understanding what these Black Silver Robes were doing, why had they suddenly committed suicide?
But soon, a light began to flicker on the bodies of the several black and silver robes, and a rune flickered on the bodies of several black and silver robes.
It turned out that these people had runes etched on their bodies!
At this moment, the runes flickered, and the blood on the ground was instantly absorbed!
The spirits in mid-air, floating silently, were illuminated by the glow of the runes!
Soon, the crowd noticed that the bodies of the few black and silver robes that had originally died, however, suddenly moved.
Immediately afterwards, a terrifying aura emanated from the bodies of these Black Silver Robes!
The eyes of the several Black Silver Robes turned pitch black and their entire bodies acted very wooden, like puppet corpses.
The spirits that were floating silently in mid-air instantly burrowed into the bodies of the black and silver robes!
The pitch-black eyes of several of the black and silver robes seemed to instantly open up and turn blood red, looking even more frightening.
“What kind of spell is this? To sacrifice lives?”
Above the grandstand, someone spoke in confusion.
“The Martial Alliance has been in collusion with evil cultivators for a long time, so it’s not surprising that they know this kind of evil cultivation technique.”
“Let’s let Chen Ping uproot this Martial Dao Alliance today, and save us from tarnishing the reputation of the Martial Dao community.”
“Relying on spirits all day long and cultivating with evil arts will never be able to comprehend the true meaning of the great unity of the martial dao world.”
Many people blamed the Martial Dao Alliance.
Only at this moment, the few black and silver robes had long since stopped listening to the crowd’s chatter, and as for any reputation or face, they didn’t care anymore, they were nothing but corpses at the moment.
“You are the first person who can force us to this point ……”
The black and silver robed boss spoke up, only his voice changed to an old voice.