Chen Ping was carving these words from his own memory, and subsequently forming these words into talismanic seals!
Along with Chen Ping carving the talismanic seals, those originally quiet sword puppets suddenly began to become manic again, each one pouncing like vicious tigers!
The Sword Elder led the several elders of the Alchemy Sect, and they all fought with all their might!
At the same time, the longsword in Jian Lao’s hand created a barrier, blocking the sword puppets from approaching Chen Ping!
The sword old man’s face was flushed red, and the longsword in his hand was already waving desperately!
The other Alchemy Sect elders were also desperately trying to kill the sword puppets!
Along with more and more sword puppets dying, the sword intent within the Sword Wash Pool was getting thicker and thicker!
Puff!
Suddenly, the sword elder spat out a mouthful of blood, and the barrier formed by the sword awnings was directly broken through by the countless sword puppets!
The sword old man’s eyes were scarlet red as he shouted, the longsword in his hand unexpectedly grew directly larger, and his body burned as if it were a flame!
Along with Jian Lao’s sword chopping down, countless sword puppets went up in smoke!
However, it seemed that the sword puppets simply couldn’t be killed off, and there were more and more of them!
As they watched, the sword old man and those elders of the Alchemy Sect were surrounded by the sword puppets and were about to die miserably at the hands of these sword puppets!
Along with Chen Ping carving out the last stroke, that talismanic seal took shape!
Buzz!
The talismanic imprint slowly fell to the centre before a golden light erupted!
The earth trembled as eight streaks of golden light shot out from that talismanic imprint before converging together!
Golden light shot out in all directions, illuminating the entire Sword Washing Pool!
Those sword puppets all screamed miserably under this light, and instantly flew away, turning into a trail of sword intent!
In the blink of an eye, the sword puppets within the Sword Wash Pool had all disappeared!
The Sword Old Man and the several elders of the Alchemy Sect all looked shocked as they watched the scene in front of them!
“So many sword puppets, and they’re all dead?”
Sword Old Man said in shock!
One must know that in the past, the Sword Washing Pool also had sword puppets, although there was a formation present at the bottom of the Sword Washing Pool, the sword puppets were also present.
But now, this Five Elements Eight Trigrams Formation had actually wiped out all the sword puppets!
This formation looked truly overbearing!
Chen Ping felt the power of the formation’s operation, felt the countless sword intent within the Sword Washing Pool, and the entire person was ecstatic!
Only to see Chen Ping sitting in the middle of that converging light, then desperately absorbing the sword intent within the Sword Washing Pool!
At the same time, the Dragon Cutting Sword also absorbed the sword intent, and around Chen Ping, a vortex appeared!
Sword intent from all directions surged into Chen Ping’s body, as well as the Dragon Slashing Sword!
Sword Elder and the others were all shocked when they saw Chen Ping’s crazy absorption of sword intent.
“Sword Elder, will this Mr Chen suffer a backlash if he absorbs sword intent like this?”
An Alchemy Sect elder asked!
“It shouldn’t be, when the sword qi that had accumulated for thousands of years within the Sword Washing Pool was also absorbed by him, Mr Chen was fine.”
The sword elder shook his head and said!
A few people stared at Chen Ping and watched as he madly absorbed the sword intent!
“Master ……”
At this time, in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, a voice suddenly rang out!
Chen Ping hurriedly looked and found that it was actually the Sword Spirit Zhong Li!
In looking around, there was no figure of Sword Elder and the others!
“Master, you are in the Dragon Slaying Sword at this moment.”
Zhong Li said!
“Zhong Li, have …… you completely recovered?”
Chen Ping excitedly walked to Zhong Li and asked in a soft voice!
Zhong Li nodded, “Hmm!”
After saying that, Zhong Li gently stroked on Chen Ping’s face, “Master, did you miss me during this period of time?”
“Of course I missed it, in order for you to recover, I purposely came to the Alchemy Sect.”
Chen Ping grabbed Zhong Li’s hand and said!
Zhong Li gently surged into Chen Ping’s arms!
With a beauty in her arms, Chen Ping had not had a dual cultivation for a while!
And so …………
Sword Old Man and the others quietly looked at Chen Ping, they did not know that Chen Ping was already in dual cultivation at this moment!