“Chen Ping, this is a magic treasure specifically for you humans, now that I activate the magic treasure and you are in this formation, you humans will not be receiving any spiritual energy from between heaven and earth!”
“Without the spiritual qi replenishment, I’ll see how you can still fight us ……”
Huben said with a smug look on his face as he turned to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping felt the aura within the formation and found that after the formation had been activated, he really couldn’t feel a trace of spiritual energy anymore!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he did not expect that Huben still had this kind of magic treasure in his hands.
Although Chen Ping had the power of the three clans and the power of the divine dragon in his body, these were also supported by spiritual qi, without it, those powers in Chen Ping’s body would eventually be depleted!
“Brother Huben, don’t talk nonsense to him, just do it and kill him ……”
Li Xing had murderous intent in his eyes, his Heaven Opening Axe had been destroyed, so he wanted to kill Chen Ping and take Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword for himself in the process!
“Good ……”
Huben nodded and instantly revealed his two huge bear paws as he attacked towards Chen Ping!
Huben and Li Xing, one on the left and one on the right, began to attack towards Chen Ping, who could only explode with the power of the divine Dragon to beckon!
In an instant, Chen Ping fought with Huben and Li Xing for hundreds of moves!
“This fellow, with a mere cultivation of the first grade of the Harmonious Body Realm, his strength is indeed too strong, to be able to follow the two of us in the middle of this formation and still fight for so half a day, what a hell!”
Huben said with a panting voice!
“Brother Huben, this guy is also at the end of his rope, if we put in more effort, we will definitely be able to kill him!”
Li Xing was also sweating profusely at this moment, but he knew that Chen Ping must not be feeling well now either!
At this moment, Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, his expression was very serious, the power in his body could not support him for much longer!
This formation was obviously aimed at humans, while Huben and Li Xing were completely unaffected and could keep replenishing their spiritual power!
“Let’s do it, this time in one fell swoop ……”
Huben bellowed angrily, before he and Li Xing launched another attack towards Chen Ping!
“Huben, how dare you ……”
Just as Huben and Li Xing were making their move on Chen Ping once again, there was a sudden, delicate cry and Princess Isha appeared!
Only to see Princess Isha’s palms waving, an overwhelming and incomparable aura headed towards Huben and Li Xing!
As soon as they saw that it was Princess Isha, they all hurriedly gathered their breath for fear of hurting Princess Isha!
Although they had left the Demon Emperor City, this was after all the territory of the Demon Emperor City, so if they really hurt Princess Isha, I’m afraid that none of them would be able to live!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Princess Isha asked as she looked at Chen Ping with concern.
Chen Ping shook his head “It’s fine ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was fine, Princess Isha then put her mind at ease, then looked at Huben angrily and said “Huben, my father just punished you, how dare you make a move on Chen Ping, you are simply audacious ……”
“Li Xing, and you, I simply do not see you, who I like is my freedom, if you dare to disrespect Chen Ping, do not blame me for being rude to you!”
“If anything happens to Chen Ping, I will make you two pay with your lives ……”
Princess Isha said, pulled up Chen Ping and left, Huben and Li Xing looked on and didn’t dare to go after him!
The two of them could barely cope with Chen Ping under the formation, if they added a Princess Isha, the two of them could hardly be a match!
“It’s over, it’s over …… Princess Isha will definitely go back and tell the Demon Emperor!”
“This time I’m going to be unlucky, it’s going to be unlucky ……”
Huben was a little scared at this point.
“Brother Huben, things we have done, it’s useless for you to be afraid, we have to find a way to deal with it.”
Li Xing persuaded.
“How to deal with it? Maybe this time the Demon Emperor will waste me and my little life will not be saved.”
Hu Ben said anxiously.