“Don’t kill me, don’t kill me, as long as you guys let me off the hook, I can give you all the resources of the Zhentian Dharma Sect!”
Seeing that these pill masters were righteously angry and wanted to poison themselves to death, Mu Qiufeng hurriedly said!
“Who are you kidding, we’ve searched this island inside and out several times, there’s nothing.”
“The inside of your Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect’s great hall is also empty, where are the resources!”
Chen Wenliang said coldly!
“There are, there definitely are, they’re just hidden with formations so you can’t find them!”
“We, the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, have been here for a thousand years, how could we not have resources!”
Mu Qiufeng hurriedly said!
When the crowd heard this, they also felt that this Mu Qiufeng was right, after all, the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect had not been here for a short period of time!
And when they searched, it was all searched by Chen Wenliang with those pill masters, Chen Ping brought Gu Tianzhao and they were setting up formations, if there was a concealment formation to hide the resources, it would be impossible for Chen Wenliang and the others to discover it!
“Take us there, if you dare to play tricks, you will die a horrible death!”
Chen Ping decided that he would let Mu Qiufeng lead the way to see what resources the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect had!
“No, no ……”
Mu Qiufeng nodded his head in a panic.
Afterwards, under the escort of the crowd, Mu Qiufeng headed to the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect’s grand hall!
The grand hall of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect was not particularly luxurious, after all, this place was far away from the continent, and all the materials relied on the island to be self-produced and self-sufficient, so all being able to make the grand hall like this was already very good!
After entering the grand hall, Chen Ping instantly sensed the fluctuation of formations, it looked like there were really formations in this grand hall!
Only to see Mu Qiufeng reciting words under his breath and gently waving his palm, a door had appeared on a wall that originally had nothing on it!
And around the door of the room, there were many more prohibitions!
Mu Qiufeng opened the prohibitions one by one, and along with the last prohibition opening, the door slowly opened!
Seeing that the door was opened, many pharmacists were about to rush in!
After all, those who rushed in first could take some more resources!
“All stand still, no one is allowed to move, let fellow Daoist Chen enter first ……”
“We are now able to stay alive, all thanks to the help of Fellow Daoist Chen and the people from the Two Yi Sect, even if there are supplies, it is only right that they take them first!”
Chen Wenliang yelled, and those pill masters who were about to rush in instantly stopped in their tracks, and one by one retreated back with faces full of embarrassment!
Chen Ping was not likely to do so either, and led Mu Qiufeng inside, with Gu Tianzhao and the others following close behind!
Walking into the room, he found that there were surprisingly many beast pills stored inside, as well as quite a few immortal herbs and spirit stones!
The large room was piled high, to be able to accumulate so many resources on such a barren island, the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect must have accumulated them for quite a few years as well!
However, in the middle of these resources, a three-metre tall statue appeared to be out of place with these resources!
Chen Ping did not understand why this statue was placed here and not in the middle of the main hall?
“Who is this statue?”
Chen Ping asked to Mu Qiufeng!
“It says that it is our first Patriarch, I’m not really sure, from the time I took over the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, this statue has been placed here.”
Mu Qiufeng said truthfully!
“President Chen, you lead the people to transport these resources away and give them to the people to share, then hurry up and heal the injured Daoists!”
Chen Ping said to Chen Wenliang!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you have contributed the most, you should rightfully take these resources first.”
Chen Wenliang said with embarrassment!
“President Chen, there’s no need to be polite with me, you’d better do as I say!”
Chen Ping said!
Seeing this, Chen Wenliang nodded and led the people to empty all the resources and then started distributing them!
And Chen Ping didn’t leave that room, instead, he brought Mu Qiufeng and looked at the three-metre tall statue!