“sh*t …………”
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately burst out a foul mouth!
The feeling that this was needed to sense the time origin to be able to do so, empty learned this Immortal Finger, no sense of the time origin, that is also in vain!
Suddenly Chen Ping felt like he had been tricked!
Looking at Chen Ping in that manner, the Great Ancestor of the Ji Clan laughed “What, you don’t have confidence in yourself and don’t think you can perceive the time origin?”
“Who said that, of course I have confidence, it’s just that if you don’t explain it to me in advance, I feel like you are just cheating me ……”
Chen Ping knew that this Ji Family Great Ancestor was definitely doing it on purpose!
“This Immortal Finger is my mastery, do you think I want to just pass it on to anyone?”
After the Ji Family Great Ancestor finished speaking, he reached out and placed a point on Chen Ping’s forehead, and a golden aura flowed into Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Only to see a boom in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, there was instantly an additional gongfu!
“I didn’t expect that there was even a person imprisoned within your sea of consciousness.”
After imparting the Immortal Finger to Chen Ping, the Great Ancestor of the Ji Clan said to Chen Ping!
“That was a demonic cultivator whose main body was killed by me, and whose divine soul was imprisoned within my sea of consciousness.”
Chen Ping explained!
“Now I have imparted the Immortal Finger to you, as for when you will be able to perform it, it depends on when you will be able to perceive the Time Origin.”
“Where do you plan to go when you leave the Ji Family?”
The Great Ancestor of the Ji Clan asked!
“To the Southern Region’s Heavenly Demon Mountain ……,” Chen Ping said truthfully!
“Heavenly Demon Mountain, that’s a very dangerous place, that place has the most demonic cultivators running rampant as well, and it is rumoured that back in the year of the God-Devil War, Heavenly Demon Mountain was also a battlefield, and it was also the most brutal, with the most Immortals falling.”
“Legend has it that under that Heavenly Demon Mountain there was a great devil of the ancient demon realm that was suppressed underneath, but during the Divine-Demon Battle, a wisp of that great devil’s residual soul was released, and as a result, it decapitated countless Immortals, and it was only from then on that peak was renamed Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
“Many devil cultivators recuperated at the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and it became the place with the most devil cultivators in the Celestial Realm.”
The Ji Family’s Great Ancestor followed Chen Ping and said.
“There is such a thing?” Chen Ping was a little surprised, so it seemed that the great devil suppressed underneath that Heavenly Devil Mountain was much more bullish than the Wind Devil!
A wisp of residual soul had decapitated so many Immortals, if this was the main body, it would still be a mess!
“The Heavenly Demon Mountain has dangers, but it also comes with opportunities, the greater the danger, the greater the opportunity, take care of yourself!”
After the Ji Family Great Ancestor finished speaking, his body gradually faded and finally disappeared directly!
Chen Ping did not feel surprised, the fact that the Ji Family Great Ancestor could not leave the Ancestral Ground did not mean that his divine soul could not leave either!
If it was true that he could not leave the Ancestral Ground by half a step, then it would be impossible for this Ji Family Great Ancestor to know so many things within the Ji Family!
After the Ji Family’s Great Ancestor left, Chen Ping called on Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun to secretly leave!
Leaving the Ji Family, Ji Yun then looked back at the huge Ji Family Residence, perhaps if he left this time, he wouldn’t have the chance to come back in the future!
However, Ji Yun himself knew that if he stayed in the Ji Family, he would only be able to be a quiet son for the rest of his life!
But following Chen Ping was different, he could experience a lot, and perhaps when Chen Ping truly ascended, he would also be able to ascend to the Immortal Realm together!
As the saying goes, when one man achieves the goal, all his men and women will be able to achieve it!
When he walked out of the Yellow and Blue City, the sky also dawned!
“Mr Chen, where are we going next?”
Ji Yun asked to Chen Ping!
“Your eldest uncle said that there’s a Zhu Huang City that has a teleportation array that leads to the Southern Domain, we’ll go to Zhu Huang City first.”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, I don’t know Zhu Huang City ah ……”
Ji Yun was embarrassed!
He had been living in the Northern Domain, like some of the Imperial Cities and Kingdoms in the Central Domain, Ji Yun had no idea where they were!
Chen Ping glanced at Fire Phoenix, who also hurriedly shook her head and said “I don’t recognise it either, don’t look at me ……”