After walking for several miles, the screams of that Hai Da Fu and Patriarch Yang could be heard!
Chen Ping was able to see that Patriarch Luo’s brows were constantly furrowed!
Perhaps he did not want to come to this point either!
Nowadays, the five great clans were afraid that they would be changed to two great clans in the future!
Chen Ping examined that Patriarch Chen and found that he had only been hit by the very common Harmonising Strength Scatter, so he found some pills in his storage ring and gave them to him.
“Fellow Daoist Chen, thank you so much, if it wasn’t for you, I really wouldn’t know how to break the situation.”
“This time when I go back, I’ll make sure to straighten things out, the five great clans will have to be thoroughly cleansed!”
Patriarch Luo seemed to have aged a lot all of a sudden and sighed!
“Patriarch Luo is polite, if it wasn’t for your forcefulness in the beginning, I’m afraid that I would have died in the five great sects long ago.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Patriarch Luo let out a bitter smile, he did not expect that he had saved one of his own when he had insisted on letting Chen Ping go!
This was probably the so-called karma!
Patriarch Luo pulled out a stone all big smiles from his bosom, the peculiar thing was that this stone actually had five colours.
“Fellow Daoist Chen, this is the five-coloured stone of our five great clans, it has been passed down for many years, only that we never knew the usefulness of this five-coloured stone.”
“But today, seeing that you guys actually collected that Pole Stone to cultivate, maybe it’s useful to you!”
Patriarch Luo handed that five-coloured stone to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping received the five-coloured stone, and there was a surprisingly warm feeling in his hand, but Chen Ping did not care, and thought that it was Patriarch Luo’s body temperature.
After collecting the five-coloured stone and chatting with Patriarch Luo for a few moments, Chen Ping and Patriarch Luo parted ways!
Patriarch Luo led his disciples back to the sect!
After all, there was no place where any Immortals had fallen here, so there was no use for them to stay here!
What’s more, Hai Dafu’s trio had just died, and the disciples under their sect still needed to be deterred and managed!
Chen Ping brought Bing Lu and the girls to continue searching for the Polar Stones, while searching for the Polar Stones, Chen Ping purposely avoided the other cultivators who entered the Polar Land!
Although a lot of pole stones were also found, no pole stone mines were found, which made Chen Ping a little depressed!
This is a little bit of searching, monkey years and months to be able to find enough wide cold Palace needs to find the extreme stone ah.
Seeing that the sky was getting dark again, Chen Ping could only find a relatively safe place to rest!
While the Holy Maidens were resting, Chen Ping was on the side to protect the magic!
Sitting on his knees, Chen Ping was bored and took out the five-coloured stone!
Only to see that the five-coloured stone was actually emitting a faint luster in this dimness, five different kinds of luster!
A stream of warmth continuously passed from Chen Ping’s palm into his body!
At first, Chen Ping thought that the warmth of the five-coloured stone was caused by his body temperature!
However, now that he was holding the five-coloured stone, in such extremely cold weather, the five-coloured stone was still emitting a sense of warmth!
Chen Ping this was a little strange, if it was caused by body temperature, it was impossible that it was still warm now!
Chen Ping carefully observed, found that in addition to the five colours of this five-coloured stone, there is no peculiarities, followed by ordinary people stone is almost the same!
It was the size of a fist, very shiny, and very comfortable to hold in the hand in this extremely cold weather!
Chen Ping tried to put a spiritual power into that five-coloured stone to probe, but there was no effect at all, nothing could be found out!
“What a strange stone ……”
Chen Ping looked at that five-coloured stone and fiercely exerted his palms, wanting to crush the stone to see what exactly was inside!
But with all his strength, Chen Ping was unable to crush the stone, and this instantly made Chen Ping a little confused!
To know, with his current strength, it was easy for him to blow up a mountain with a single punch!
To crush a stone, he couldn’t even do it?