Zhao Wuji hurriedly greeted him and said with a respectful face, “I didn’t expect Elder Xu to come too, what an honored guest ……”
“Pavilion Master Zhao is too polite, I was also curious and came over to take a casual look ……”
Xu Changsheng smiled lightly.
“Elder Xu ……”
Bai Xiushan and Qin Xiaolin all followed Xu Changsheng in greeting, all with respectful expressions on their faces.
Seeing that these bigwigs were so respectful to Xu Changsheng, the others all flashed away from Xu Changsheng, not daring to get too close to him, such bigwigs, the aura on their bodies was too much for them to bear.
Chen Ping swept a glance at Xu Changsheng and Yu Dong and said nonchalantly, “Do you two also want to get involved in this?”
“Mr. Chen, this is Elder Xu of the Pill God Valley, the Pill God Valley is ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping’s attitude was not very good, Zhao Wuji hurriedly followed Chen Ping and introduced him, wanting to let Chen Ping know what Xu Changsheng was.
But before he could finish, Xu Changsheng waved his hand and smiled, “Pavilion Master Zhao doesn’t need to be introduced, I know Brother Chen ……”
With one sentence, Xu Changsheng caused Zhao Wuji and also Bai Xiushan to all freeze, wondering when Chen Ping had known Xu Changsheng.
There was also that Qin Xiaolin, after hearing that Xu Changsheng and Chen Ping actually knew each other, a bad feeling rose up in his heart.
If Chen Ping really knew Xu Changsheng and had a great relationship with him, then the Qin family really wouldn’t dare to do anything to Chen Ping in the future.
“So Mr. Chen and Elder Xu have known each other for a long time, it’s my fault for talking too much ……”
Zhao Wuji said with an embarra*sed look on his face.
“Actually, it’s not that early, we met last night, the two of them broke into my villa in the middle of the night and tried to rob my pills, after a fight, so we got to know each other ……”
After Chen Ping finished his words, all of a sudden, the crowd exploded, especially Bai Xiushan and Zhao Wuji, how could they have never thought that Chen Ping had followed Xu Changsheng to a fight!
Moreover, Xu Changsheng wanted to rob Chen Ping of his pills. One should know that the Pill God Valley was a self-proclaimed famous sect, and had indeed saved many people in the martial arts world, so it was highly respected by the people of the martial arts world.
However, the people of the Pill God Valley were very mysterious, so most people had never met anyone from the Pill God Valley, and only some experts in the martial arts world or the heads of large families knew people from the Pill God Valley.
Now, people from the Pill God Valley wanted to rob others of their pills, was this still the style of a famous sect?
“Kid, what are you babbling about? When have we ever robbed you of your pills? It’s just that the Grand Elder wanted to take a look at your pills, when did we say that we would rob you, if we really wanted to rob you of your pills, with the strength of the Grand Elder, would you still be alive now?”
Yu Dong looked at Chen Ping angrily and retorted loudly.
“That’s right, what strength is Elder Xu, years ago Elder Xu was already a Martial Sect, I even have to respectfully call Elder Xu a senior, just you can still be Elder Xu’s opponent? What’s more, the Pill God Valley is famous for refining pills, what kind of pills could you have that Elder Xu would grab? It is obvious that you are spouting blood ……”
Qin Xiaolin was inwardly ecstatic at this moment, and immediately roared at Chen Ping with a straight face.
Now he just needs to pull Xu Changsheng to his side, even if Chen Ping has great ability, he can’t touch him in the slightest, and Chen Ping followed the Pill God Valley to make enemies, that is certain death.
At this moment, Qin Xiaotian was also looking at Chen Ping as if he was a fatalist, he couldn’t understand whether Chen Ping was really stupid or not, to offend someone from the Pill God Valley at this time.
“Mr. Chen, this must be a misunderstanding, Elder Xu would never do this, is there some kind of misunderstanding here?”
Bai Xiushan looked at Chen Ping and desperately winked towards him.
And Chen Ping smiled coldly as if he did not see it: “What they have in mind when they break into my villa at night, they know best in their own hearts ……”