Old Sun and Old Cao were directly dumbfounded when they saw this!
They had never seen such a scene before, it was like the end of the world!
“The stars in the sky, and the shapes on the ground, what on earth are they?”
“What exactly is contained within this fellow’s body? That sword that coalesced into a sword seems to have the power of the Human, Demon and Beast races, could it be the power of the three races?”
“There’s also that flame, it even has the aura of the Devil Race’s supreme fire in it, this flame is feared to be of many kinds, could it all be cultivated by this fellow?”
Old Cao’s eyes were wide open as he looked on incredulously!
After the words fell, his body was like a cannonball, rapidly retreating backwards without the slightest hesitation!
Seeing this, Old Sun also hurriedly backed away sharply!
None of them were now underestimating Chen Ping, a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm!
Especially Old Cao, inwardly cursing, he might as well have just followed Patriarch Zhou and run away!
The devil knew that this Chen Ping, who was only at the seventh rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, was able to erupt with these powers beyond imagination!
Buzz!
Suddenly, it was as if the heavens and earth had been reset, instantly returning to its original form!
The stars were gone, and so was the eight trigrams graphic on the ground!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, spat out a mouthful of blood as his body slowly collapsed!
He could feel his life draining away at a rapid pace!
Chen Ping’s eyes began to become blurry, and his mind kept flashing back to the past!
But just as Chen Ping’s eyes slowly closed, and the divine soul in his body began to detach from his body, a white light appeared!
The white light appeared as if it had suddenly flashed, and after the white light flashed, a middle-aged man appeared in front of Chen Ping!
A hand gently lifted Chen Ping!
Along with the soft light wrapping around Chen Ping’s entire body, the divine soul that was detached from the body, returned back into Chen Ping’s body!
Old Cao and Old Sun stared blankly at the middle-aged man in front of them, all of them dumbfounded!
Because they didn’t realise how this person appeared, it was as if he had suddenly appeared in front of them out of nowhere!
They had to know that they were Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivators, even if they were even faster, they could still see the signs.
But this middle-aged man in front of them, they couldn’t tell how he appeared at all!
“Who are you?”Old Sun asked the middle-aged man!
The middle-aged man stroked Chen Ping’s messy hair before looking at Old Sun and Old Cao, “You don’t deserve to know who I am!”
“Shit, you’re still quite pretentious ……”
When Old Sun heard this, he immediately frowned, followed by a terrifying aura that swept towards the middle-aged man like a mountain torrent!
The middle-aged man did not move at all, but that horrible breath disappeared without a trace before it got close!
Old Sun froze, looking incredulously at the middle-aged man in front of him!
Old Cao had already seen the strength of the middle-aged man at this moment, and said with an ugly face, “Old Sun, gone ……”
After saying that, Old Cao’s figure leapt up and was ready to leave!
But when that Old Cao had just leapt up, he suddenly seemed to be blocked by something and instantly fell down!
Seeing this, Old Sun also tried to retreat backwards, but he found that he could only retreat three steps, and after three steps, no matter how hard they tried, they couldn’t even move the slightest bit further!
This time, both of them were terrified, knowing that the middle-aged man in front of them, had not moved since the beginning, but the two of them had no way to leave!
“Mr Shi ……”
At this moment, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, looking at the middle-aged man in front of him, Chen Ping smiled!
However, he had just shouted out the three words Mr Shi, but closed his eyes once again!
Old Cao and Old Sun, on the other hand, were frowning, desperately pondering what kind of person was Mr Shi?
Mr Shi placed Chen Ping on the ground before he formally looked at both Old Sun and Old Cao.
Mr Shi’s face was expressionless, and his pair of eyes carried no emotion!