“It’s her, she’s actually still alive ……”
Chen Ping withdrew his Divine Sense, his face carrying a strong shock!
He did not expect that Lan Yingying had escaped from the mouth of that Snow Treading Cloud Beast!
“Mr Chen, who is it?”
Bing Lu hurriedly asked!
“The person in charge of your Broad Cold Palace’s registration office in South End City, Lan Yingying ……”
Chen Ping said.
“Sister Ying Ying, she is actually still alive ……”
Bing Lu looked a little excited after hearing this.
“Let’s go, we must stop her before she enters the Polar Regions, with her current condition, she is afraid that she will definitely die when she enters the Polar Regions.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his figure unexpectedly disappeared all of a sudden!
The Royal Fire Steps were executed, and in an instant, he was several miles away!
Seeing this, Bing Lu and the others hurriedly chased after him!
Lan Yingying sensed that someone was chasing towards her and could only clench her teeth and desperately run forwards!
But that aura behind her was getting closer and closer, so Lan Yingying could only turn back violently and slapped her palm out!
Boom!
Flying snow swept up from the sky, this was Lan Yingying’s endeavour to strike!
Chen Ping, however, let go with both palms and easily defused it!
“Miss Lan, it’s me ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
When Lan Yingying saw that it was Chen Ping, she was relieved!
However, she did not know that Chen Ping had followed the Holy Maiden of the Guanghan Palace!
“What are you doing here?”
Lan Yingying was surprised, after all, with Chen Ping’s strength, running to the Polar Regions was a death sentence!
Not to mention how did Chen Ping get through that Snow Treading Cloud Beast territory?
“Sister Yingying ……”
At this time, Bing Lu and the others also arrived!
Seeing Bing Lu and the others, Lan Yingying was considered to have completely let go of her heart, but with this relaxation, Lan Yingying only felt dizzy and instantly fainted!
Just now, she was only relying on a breath of air to support her, and now that Bing Lu and the others had arrived, Lan Yingying’s breath had slackened!
Chen Ping stepped forward and examined Lan Yingying for a while, and even said gruffly, “She is seriously injured, she must be treated in time.”
“Mr Chen, this is about to enter the Polar Regions, and it’s snow-covered, there are no conditions for medical treatment.”
Bing Lu looked around and said!
“All of you surrounded, against the cold wind, I will immediately for her healing, if later, really will be dead, her body’s internal organs, has been soaked by the cold.”
Chen Ping asked Bing Lu and the other Saint Maidens to form a circle, and then used his own breath to ward off the cold wind around them!
Bing Lu immediately organised a dozen or so Holy Maidens to gather around, followed by the breath surging out from their bodies, a dozen or so breaths surrounded each other, forming a protective shield, protecting Lan Yingying inside!
But just as Chen Ping was about to make a move to treat him, he suddenly stopped, and then vigilantly perceived the surroundings!
“Bad, someone is following behind, we must go!”
Chen Ping sensed that someone was following him!
Guessing that it should be someone from the Mu Family, he picked up Lan Yingying!
If they continued to heal here, when the Mu family came, they were afraid that no one would be able to leave!
As soon as Bing Lu and the girls heard that someone had followed them here as well, they immediately collected their breath, raised their minds, and walked quickly towards the polar interior!
After seemingly passing through a barrier, Chen Ping and the others entered the polar region!
Only, the scene within the Polar Land followed the same as the rest of the place!
“Someone has cast a formation in this Polar Land, and although the formation is now weakened to the point where it almost doesn’t exist anymore, I still felt a different aura as I stepped into this place, as if I had passed through a certain barrier!”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
“Yes, I also felt it, as if there was a slight resistance when stepping in, as if the formation barrier was blocking it.”
Bing Lu nodded and said!
“Quickly go, find a hidden place and heal Miss Lan first.”
Chen Ping carried Lan Yingying towards a small hill, which was covered in heavy snow, like a huge grave!