Nie Cheng’s face turned slightly ugly as he watched these people not say a word!
These people were all very shrewd in their hearts, they knew how difficult it would be to make the Martial Alliance glorious again, if they didn’t get it done by then, and the great powers blamed them, none of them would be able to escape!
Now these people only wanted to put the blame on Nie Cheng, who was the Alliance Master, they were just the helpers they hired!
Nie Cheng also regretted that he was in such a mess, why did he become the Alliance Leader of the Martial Alliance in the first place?
But what’s the point of regretting now?
Now Nie Cheng only hoped that Chen Ping would stop coming to the Martial Alliance to cause trouble, and let him develop the Martial Alliance properly.
But at that very moment, a reprimanding voice rang out from outside the door of the Martial Dao Alliance!
“Who are you people? Do you know what the crime of trespa*sing in the Martial Dao Alliance is?”
Someone was rebuking loudly, proving that someone was trespa*sing into the Martial Dao Alliance!
Nie Cheng’s face turned ugly when he heard this, “Hmph, these guys, they really don’t take my Martial Dao Alliance into consideration at all anymore, this time they must be taught a lesson.”
During this period of time, there were always people barging into the Martial Dao Alliance without informing them, and in their eyes, they were despising the Martial Dao Alliance. One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
Nie Cheng got up and walked outside, while those black-robed men followed closely behind!
Just as he reached the door, Nie Cheng looked on as Chen Ping pushed aside the door guards of the Martial Dao Alliance and swaggered in, followed by a man behind him, only that man was expressionless and dull, just like a fool!
“Chen Ping?”
Seeing that it was Chen Ping barging into the Martial Alliance, Nie Cheng’s brow furrowed!
He had just hoped that Chen Ping wouldn’t come to the Martial Dao Alliance to cause trouble during this period of time, but he didn’t want Chen Ping to come now!
Chen Ping swept a glance at Nie Cheng before saying indifferently, “Now that the Martial Dao Alliance, you’re in charge?”
Nie Cheng nodded, “Not bad, I am now the Alliance Master ……”
“Alright then, I’ll talk to you then ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked straight into the hall, completely ignoring Nie Cheng and those black robed men!
At this moment, Chen Ping had the Blood Demon following behind him, so of course he wouldn’t be afraid of these guys from the Martial Alliance.
Seeing Chen Ping’s appearance, Nie Cheng’s inner heart instantly burst into flames, but for the sake of the greater good, Nie Cheng forced down his anger and followed him in!
“Chen Ping, what are you doing here in my Martial Dao Alliance? Aren’t you afraid that there will be no return?”
Nie Cheng admired Chen Ping’s guts.
“Having come, I have no intention of leaving, and you know my intentions for coming here!”
“If you can let my girlfriend go, I can spare your Martial Arts Alliance!”
“Otherwise, the Wudao Alliance will disappear from this world today!”
Chen Ping said with a cold face.
When Nie Cheng heard this, he burst out laughing, “Chen Ping, you do have some skills, aren’t you just a Grand Martial Marquis? Do you really think you’re invincible?”
“Let me tell you, we now have eight Great Martial Marquises, each of whom is no weaker than you, so who are you to come over here and ask for someone?”
“I can keep you alive right now, so you should just kowtow and say thank you!”
Nie Cheng held the vajra in his hand with a cold smile on his face.
And those black-robed men all had sneers in their eyes, if Chen Ping had gathered all the power of the Dragon Sect and come over to follow the Martial Alliance in a fight to the death, maybe they would still be scornful!
But now that Chen Ping had brought just one person over, it would be a death sentence. With so many of them, how could they possibly be afraid of Chen Ping?
Chen Ping didn’t care about Nie Cheng’s words in the slightest, but continued calmly, “I’m giving you a chance, if you don’t cherish it, then you can’t blame me.”
Nie Cheng smiled, “Chen Ping, let me tell you, your girlfriend is locked up in the dungeon, no one can release her without getting out, and no one can save her, I don’t have that right.”
“Even if I have this right, what do you have to make me release your girlfriend? Just by your bragging mouth?”
As he spoke, a strong aura erupted from Nie Cheng’s body, which instantly enveloped Chen Ping!