And when Tong Youzhi saw Chen Ping coming out of the pa*sageway, he was so angry that he was about to die!
He couldn’t understand how Chen Ping could be so lucky.
Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to them, but kept walking along the stream!
After walking for a short distance, he saw an ancient tree standing in the sky, its roots criss-crossed, and it was tens of metres high!
From the tree, a strong spiritual aura was emanating.
The stream was flowing through the tree, constantly washing away its roots!
Chen Ping looked at the tree in amazement, and then continued to move forward, dipping his hands into the water.
The water at that moment was just ordinary stream water, it did not have that special aura!
But when Chen Ping dipped his hands into the water that had washed over the roots of the tree, that special aura appeared!
Now Chen Ping finally understood that the strange effect of the regenerating spring came from the ancient tree in front of him!
Looking up, Chen Ping saw an apple-like spiritual fruit hanging on the tree, and the fruit was surrounded by spiritual energy!
“What a powerful ancient tree, I didn’t think there would be such a thing in the Kunlun Mountains ……”
Chen Ping could not help but be amazed!
At this time, Leng Yun and Tong Youzhu also came over, and when they saw the tree in front of them, they were also shocked!
“The Tong Ling tree, this is the Tong Ling tree …………”
Leng Yun suddenly started shouting like a madman, with excitement on his face that could not be expressed in words!
“Brother Leng, what is the Spiritual Tree?” The boy asked in confusion.
“I read this from an ancient book, this tree is a divine tree, the fruit on the top is called the Spiritual Fruit, just eat one Spiritual Fruit, you can instantly improve your cultivation!”
“According to the ancient records, after someone consumed a few Tong Ling Fruits, the whole person was transformed into an immortal and eventually ascended to the heavenly realm. ……”
The more Leng Yun said, the more excited he became, so much so that his body was trembling slightly!
When Tong Youcai heard this, his eyes were also wide open, his face full of unbelievable!
Liu Rui and Lao Liu were also shocked when they heard this, neither of them had thought that this ancient tree had such value!
“In that case, the people in this Water Fairy Palace should all be immortals ……”
Chen Ping opened his mouth and asked.
After all, eating the Spiritual Fruit can transform a martial artist into an immortal, so if this Spiritual Tree is inside the Water Immortal Palace, then the disciples of the Water Immortal Palace should all be immortals!
“That’s not necessarily true, ancient texts say that only those with extraordinary gifts can do so, but taking this Tong Ling fruit can indeed allow one to raise one’s cultivation and reshape one’s body, it’s definitely the treasure of treasures ……”
Leng Yun explained!
When he heard of reshaping the body, Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, after the ordinary stream water had washed over the roots of the tree, it had the ability to reshape the body!
It would only take seventy-seven to forty-nine days, which was too long!
But if Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu were given this Tong Ling fruit, their bodies would soon recover and their strength might also break through!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping planned to leap up and pick the fruit from the tree, knowing that although the tree was dense, it did not contain many fruits, only eight!
So Chen Ping planned to get a few of them first, so as to save Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu!
Seeing that Chen Ping was about to pick the Spiritual Fruits, Tong Youcai jumped up and stopped Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, what are you doing?” Tong Youcai looked at Chen Ping angrily, “This Lingering Fruit is not yours to pick, do you want to pick it just like that?”
At this moment, Leng Yun also stepped forward and said with a cold face, “Handsome Chen, you’re not being polite, do you want to take it all for yourself?”
Faced with the temptation of the Tong Ling fruit, Leng Yun was not too polite to Chen Ping at the moment. -Chen Ping