Chen Ping looked at the heavily made-up woman and a touch of disgust appeared on his face!
This woman, Jiang Wenjing, was also a cla*smate of Chen Ping’s, and had once chased after him at school. At that time, Chen Ping’s father had a formal job and was considered an iron rice bowl, so there were many people who pursued Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping didn’t like Jiang Wenjing and followed Geng Shanshan. He felt that Geng Shanshan was better than Jiang Wenjing, a vain woman, in terms of both her looks and personality!
But now it seems that both women are all the same, Chen Ping has lost his eyes!
“Chen Ping, why didn’t you say anything when you saw your old cla*smate? Are you mute? You were quite a good person when you were in school, you were still the student council president, if the school headmaster and the teachers knew that you, the student council president who was a good student in their eyes, became a reformer after graduation, do you think they would think so?”
The youth beside Jiang Wenjing also spoke up.
The youth was called Fu Wei, who used to be Chen Ping’s roommate, and the two of them were considered iron friends, but this Fu Wei also had a crush on Geng Shanshan, and after seeing Chen Ping and Geng Shanshan together, he held a grudge against Chen Ping, and did a lot of things to sabotage Chen Ping and Geng Shanshan, but they didn’t work out!
The relationship between Chen Ping and Geng Shanshan was severed, and after graduating from university, there was no more contact between them!
Now that Jiang Wenjing and Fu Wei appeared here at the same time, they should have been invited by Geng Shanshan, otherwise these two people would not be qualified to attend.
Chen Ping just swept a glance at the two people, then lowered his head and silently sipped his tea, he didn’t bother to pay attention to these two people!
Seeing Chen Ping put his head down, Fu Wei and Jiang Wenjing became even more smug, they felt that Chen Ping was afraid of them!
“Chen Ping, you just got out of jail, haven’t you found a job yet? Do you want me to introduce you to a job of emptying toilets, although it’s a bit dirty and tiring, at least you can get enough to eat.
Fu Wei had a smug smile on his face, he was so happy to be able to trample Chen Ping under his feet.
At school, if Chen Ping’s father hadn’t had a formal job, how could he have been outmatched by Chen Ping?
“Fu Wei, don’t be ridiculous, how can you be the president of the student council, how can you go and empty toilets, at least find a cleaner job, I think you should go and sweep the roads?”
Jiang Wenjing covered her mouth and giggled.
“Hahahaha …………”
The mockery of Chen Ping by Fu Wei and Jiang Wenjing caused the bald head and many other guests to laugh out loud.
It was at this point that Chen Ping slowly raised his head, “If you two don’t want to die, then hurry up and leave from here!”
Chen Ping looked indifferent, his tone was calm and did not carry a trace of anger, but when these words reached the ears of Fu Wei and Jiang Wenjing, both of them shivered!
Jiang Wenjing, in particular, was as cold as if she had fallen into an ice cave, her whole body chilled and she didn’t even dare to look directly at Chen Ping!
The words he had originally prepared to sneer at him suddenly couldn’t come out either!
After a while, Fu Wei seemed to have been greatly insulted and shouted at Chen Ping with a fierce face, “You’re a reformed prisoner, what are you dragging about? Your own girlfriend is married to someone else, you don’t even dare to say a word, what big talk are you talking to us?”
“That’s right, knowing that the Xiao family is rich and powerful, you don’t dare to mess with them, so you’re taking it out on the two of us? We are not easy to mess with either!”
Jiang Wenjing also slowed down at this time and pointed her finger at Chen Ping and counted off!
“Don’t mess with me ……”
Chen Ping finished and lowered his head again!
“D*mn it, I’ll mess with you, what do you dare to do? This is Prince Xiao’s wedding banquet …………”
Fu Wei cursed angrily and stepped forward to pick up Chen Ping by the collar of his shirt, directly picking him up.
The reason why they targeted Chen Ping like this was because they wanted to please Xiao Lei, and as long as they did, they would be able to get their job done in the future.
Fu Wei picked up Chen Ping and was about to make a move towards Chen Ping when he saw Chen Ping slap him across the face!
Slap!
A slap sound that was loud enough to startle the entire banquet hall rang out, and Fu Wei’s entire body flew straight out and smashed heavily on a table!
A crash! …………
The table became shattered and the plates, bowls and tea sets all fell to the ground, being smashed to pieces!
All the guests turned their attention to this place, and there was no one left to pay attention to Xiao Lei and Geng Shanshan on the wedding stage.
Even Xiao Lei and Geng Shanshan couldn’t help but look in the direction where the sound was made!
“D*mn it, you’re looking for death …………”
Seeing that Chen Ping had made his move, Bald Head instantly became excited and shouted, “All of you, go ahead and get this kid killed ……”
The bald head can now rightfully declare his personal revenge, he knows Chen Ping has some skills, so he doesn’t go up himself, and directly let more than ten minions behind him swarm up!
“Kid, dare to make a scene at Mr. Xiao’s wedding, you’re looking for death ……”
A dozen of beaters with sticks greeted Chen Ping right towards him.
When many guests saw this scene, they couldn’t help but shake their heads, they knew that Chen Ping wouldn’t survive!