The guards of the Information Building turned pale with fright, wanting to step forward but frozen by Zhao Tianyi’s imposing aura, unable to move.
Zhao Tianyi clapped his hands, arrogantly declaring, “Anyone else unconvinced? Dare to touch my little brother, this is your fate! Today, I’ll tear down this lousy building, let’s see who dares to be blind!”
Seeing Zhao Tianyi’s brazen attitude, Chen Ping couldn’t help but be taken aback, this guy was even better at showing off than himself.
“Get to it!”
Zhao Tianyi waved his hand, signalling his lackeys to start dismantling the building.
Just then, a sinister voice echoed from the depths of the Information Building, “Such big talk, daring to cause trouble in my establishment, do you really think I don’t exist?”
As the voice sounded, a corpulent woman slowly emerged.
Her figure was bloated, her face piled with fat, features squeezed together, grotesquely ugly, making people want to look away after a single glance.
Yet the aura she exuded was formidable, clearly at the seventh rank of the Earth Immortal realm.
Zhao Tianyi raised an eyebrow at the sight of her, “What are you supposed to be? Daring to meddle in your Grandpa Zhao’s business?”
The fat woman sneered, “I am the master of this Information Building, known as Fat Lady. Zhao Tianyi, your father may be the lord of Yu City, but you dare act so brazenly in Sword Saint City? Do you really think no one can deal with you?”
Zhao Tianyi scoffed, “An ugly monster, daring to yap here? My father is a city lord, try touching a single hair on me! Believe me, my father will bring troops to raze this pathetic building!”
“City lord?”
A hint of mockery flashed in Fat Lady’s eyes, “In my eyes, no city lord matters! Even if your father came, I’d beat him just the same!”
As her words fell, Fat Lady moved.
Despite her corpulent frame, her speed was astonishing, charging at Zhao Tianyi like a rolling boulder.
Zhao Tianyi’s expression changed, hurriedly summoning his spiritual energy to defend, but his cultivation was only at the fifth rank of the Earth Immortal realm, far inferior to Fat Lady’s, making him no match.
With a series of muffled “thuds,” Zhao Tianyi was forced back repeatedly, taking hit after hit, screaming in pain.
Within a few moves, Fat Lady kicked him in the chest, sending him flying to crash heavily onto the ground, spitting blood, barely clinging to life, clearly half-dead from the beating.
Fat Lady walked over, picked him up like a chicken, and tossed him out the Information Building’s gate, saying coldly, “Go back and tell your father, next time you come to make trouble, it won’t be this easy!”
Having dealt with Zhao Tianyi, Fat Lady turned, her gaze locking onto Chen Ping and Hu Mazi like a venomous snake, sneering, “One ignorant fool down, now it’s your turn. Killed my people and thought someone would come to your rescue? How naive!”
Hu Mazi’s legs trembled with fear, Fat Lady’s strength was overwhelming, even Zhao Tianyi was easily beaten to near death, they were likely even less of a match.
Yet Chen Ping remained calm, tightly gripping his sword, ready to face Fat Lady’s attack.
He knew today’s battle was unavoidable.
Fat Lady looked at Chen Ping, a cruel smile curling her lips, “Weren’t you quite the talker earlier? Why so quiet now? Sword Sect disciple? Zhao Tianyi’s brother? In my presence, those mean nothing! Ready to pay with your life?”
She advanced toward Chen Ping step by step, her aura growing stronger, the air in the hall seeming to solidify, making it hard to breathe.
The surrounding cultivators held their breath, watching the tense scene, wondering if Chen Ping and Hu Mazi could escape this calamity.
Fat Lady’s figure closed in like a phantom, carrying the overwhelming pressure of a seventh-rank Earth Immortal, the air seeming to whimper under the force of her advance.