“Today, I’ll let you taste the power of my Inferno Demon Body ……”
“Explode …………”
Only to see the flames around Ning Zhi coalesce and turn into a ball of fire, bursting towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping still had his hands behind his back and his eyes were indifferent.
“It’s useless, what physique you have is also worthless in my eyes ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s body began to erupt with golden light, a piece of golden scales covered his entire body, the Unbreakable Golden Body activated, while behind Chen Ping, a golden dragon flashed and kept circling!
Just as the fireball reached Chen Ping’s eyes, Chen Ping raised his hand, surprisingly, he directly grabbed the fireball with his hand, and the powerful qi on top of the fireball instantly wrapped Chen Ping, and along with it, the blazing flames began to burn!
“Hmph, I’ll have you buried in a sea of fire ……”
When Ning Zhi saw this, he couldn’t help but snort coldly!
Chen Ping, whose body was burning with flames, didn’t struggle, still standing motionless, looking at the fireball in his hands, the corners of his mouth curling up into a cold smile!
“What’s yours, let’s give it back to you then ……”
Chen Ping tossed the fireball with his hand, and the next thing he knew, that fireball was flying towards Ning Zhi with a crushing gesture!
Boom …………
The fireball hit Ning Zhi’s body solidly, causing Ning Zhi’s mouthful of blood to spurt out and his body to take several steps backwards!
At this moment, Ning Zhi’s body was almost shattered and his chest was drenched in blood ……
The flames on Chen Ping’s body went out, and under the burning flames, Chen Ping’s golden armour looked even more blinding!
It was as if a golden-armored god of war had descended to earth!
Looking at his body, Ning Zhi was completely devoid of fighting spirit at this moment, as he realised that he had no power to fight back in front of Chen Ping!
“Relying on the strength boosted by the Soul Spirit Evil Art, do you also want to defeat me?”
Chen Ping walked towards Ning Zhi step by step!
Seeing Chen Ping coming towards him, Ning Zhi’s eyes were filled with fear!
He got up and tried to flee, but Chen Ping smashed his fist down on him and his whole body could not get up at all!
Ning Zhi’s aura was rapidly wilting, and his entire flesh was almost shattered!
Just then, a black mist floated out of Ning Zhi’s body, followed by a rapid vanishment into the distance!
“Want to leave?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, he knew the soul inside these Ning Zhi’s bodies!
Only to see Chen Ping open his mouth and suck in a fierce breath, a huge suction force instantly sucked that black mist into his mouth!
Ning Zhi looked at the scene before him, his eyes filled with astonishment!
Chen Ping’s strength had surpa*sed his imagination!
“Go to hell ……”
Chen Ping looked at the heavily injured Ning Zhi, without the slightest bit of pity in his eyes, and lifted his foot to stomp down!
With this stomp, Ning Zhi would die with his brains bursting out!
“Chen Ping, wait a moment ……”
At this moment, Hu Ma Zi shouted at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping faintly stared, pulled his foot back and looked at Pocky Hu, “Master Hu, what do you want?”
Pocky Hu walked quickly in front of Chen Ping, then whispered two words in Chen Ping’s ear!
Chen Ping nodded his head repeatedly, then said, “Then you keep an eye on this Ning Zhi, I’ll take care of the rest!”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s cold gaze looked towards Shi Yan!
When Shi Yan felt Chen Ping’s gaze, his body could not help but tremble slightly!
“Where’s the Heavenly Chance Order?”
Chen Ping asked coldly to Shi Yan.
“The Heavenly …… Opportunity Order was stored by my father, and I have no idea where it is at all!”
Shi Yan said with a trembling body.
“Don’t know? Then take me to see your father …….”
Chen Ping would not leave at all until he could get the Heavenly Chance Order.
“My father is in seclusion and cannot be disturbed at all, so ……”
Shi Yan hadn’t finished speaking, but he saw Chen Ping’s palm wave and Shi Yan’s body fell heavily to the ground!
At this moment, many people from the Hundred Refinement Pavilion came running with various magic weapons!
Seeing this, Shi Yan roared, “Stop him quickly ……”
As Shi Yan finished speaking, those people rushed towards Chen Ping.