Ji Yun and the rest of them didn’t dare to be moving, they could only stay and wait for Chen Ping!
And at this moment, Chen Ping was desperately trying to break that forbidden formation, sweat could already be seen on his forehead.
“Mr Chen, if it doesn’t work, you shouldn’t be trying anymore, I’ve been here for many years anyway, I’ve already got used to it.”
Seeing Chen Ping struggling so much, Cen Biqing said!
“Don’t worry, I’ll be able to break through ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, an eye instantly appeared on his forehead!
Immediately after that, the Heavenly Underworld Eye opened, and that forbidden formation appeared intact in front of Chen Ping!
There were some formation runes on top of the formation that Chen Ping had not seen before, and they looked a little more complicated than even the Divine Patterns that he had learnt!
However, Chen Ping knew that all laws came back to their roots, even if it was a complex formation rune, in the end, all changes would not be the same, and there would be a formation eye to control it in the end!
And there must be a way to provide energy for the formation, otherwise the formation could not have been able to run and start on its own!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping looked around!
When Chen Ping’s eyes landed on that ladder, there was a sudden light in front of his eyes!
Only to see that under Chen Ping’s Heavenly Underworld Eyes, that ladder had taken on a maroon colour!
This proved that this ladder had the presence of energy!
Chen Ping’s Heavenly Underworld Eyes looked at the void as a grey and cloudy piece, this sudden appearance of maroon colour meant that this ladder was not an ordinary thing!
The far turn of the forbidden formation was all dependent on the energy that was channelled through this ladder!
“Miss Qing, you dodge some ……”
Chen Ping said to Cen Biqing!
Cen Biqing nodded and then took a few steps back, she did not know what Chen Ping was going to do!
Only to see Chen Ping take out his Dragon Cutting Sword, followed by an explosion of golden light!
The sword cut out and instantly severed that ladder, and the ladder, which looked very ordinary, collapsed at this moment!
Chen Ping’s body also fell down the steps!
At this moment, there were no more steps connecting the third and fourth floors!
Cen Biqing did not understand why Chen Ping chopped off the steps, so she asked in confusion, “Mr Chen, what are you doing chopping off the steps?”
“By chopping off this ladder, the formation will naturally be broken, if you don’t believe me, follow me to the fourth floor and take a look ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his figure leapt up and directly went to the fourth floor!
Cen Biqing was full of doubts, but still followed with a leap, under her worry, surprisingly, she also reached the fourth floor, and did not prohibit the blockage of the formation!
This time, Cen Biqing was filled with excitement, she didn’t know how many years it had been since she had left the third floor here!
Seeing Chen Ping and Cen Biqing coming up, Ji Yun and the others rushed to welcome them!
“Where is the Thunder Beast?”
Chen Ping did not see the figure of that Thunder Beast, so he asked curiously!
“That Thunder Beast wanted to seize the treasure, but it ended up being hit by a powerful force that directly sent it flying into the dust ……”
Ji Yun said truthfully!
“What?”Chen Ping was shocked!
To know that the thunder beast was a Mahayana realm ah, in the end what kind of terrifying power could make a Mahayana realm cultivator go up in smoke with a single blow?
At this time, Chen Ping’s gaze was also attracted by those treasures within the fourth floor, which were all emitting light, and were not mortal at first glance!
“Miss Qing, what is this …… situation?”
Chen Ping asked!
Cen Biqing also shook her head, “I don’t know ah, I haven’t come up here either, let me ask for you!”
After saying that, Cen Biqing took two steps forward, then shouted towards the empty four story hall, “Old Black, Old Black ……”
After shouting twice, he only saw a strong man like an iron tower with a dark body appear, and the strong man was also wearing a black armour like scales!
After seeing Cen Biqing, the burly man frowned slightly and said, “You …… are the third level’s Xiaoqing?”
“Yes, it’s me!”Cen Biqing nodded!
Although the two sides hadn’t met, the voices of the two sides were still audible!