Just as Chen Ping was about to die, suddenly the pressure on his body loosened, followed by the huge palm print above his head slowly beginning to dissipate!
Only to see a figure standing beside Chen Ping, palms up, struggling against that huge palm print!
“Mr. Chen, are you alright?”
At that moment, Liu Xing and Liu Rui helped Chen Ping up, and the one resisting that huge palm print was none other than Yue Buqun of the Pure Yang Sect!
“Patriarch Yue, thank you ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping uttered his thanks!
“Mr. Chen, you are too kind, I didn’t expect you to have entered here as well ……”
Yue Buqun said as he gathered the aura from his body!
“Yue Buqun, are you going to openly go against my Flying Star Sect for this kid?”
Seeing that Yue Buqun had saved Chen Ping, Leng Wu Dao asked with an icy face.
“Whoever touches Mr. Chen is an enemy of my Pure Yang Sect ……”
Yue Buqun said with a firm face!
At this moment, dozens more people arrived from all directions, the three sects and six factions of the Hidden Realm were present!
However, many of the sects followed Chen Ping and had no enmity, so they had no hostility towards him!
Although there was no hostility, it did not mean that they would help to save Chen Ping!
These people stood to the side, quietly watching Yue Buqun and Leng Wu Dao confront each other!
In terms of strength, the Pure Yang Sect was no match for the Flying Star Sect, but Leng Wu Dao did not want to follow the Pure Yang Sect at this time!
If they lost both sides, it would be difficult for them to move to the secret realm and take up a place.
Don’t look at the fact that these sects usually get along because they are all similar in strength, but if one of them is too weak, it won’t take long for them to be annexed!
That’s why for so many years, there hadn’t been any major friction between the three sects, after all, no one would want to be annexed!
“Old Tong, your son was also killed by this Chen Ping, don’t you want to take revenge?”
Leng Wu Dao asked as he looked at Tong Ocean!
If the Flying Star Sect and the Heavenly Thunder Sect joined forces, then the Pure Yang Sect could be easily annihilated!
“My son was killed by him, but I haven’t thought about revenge yet ……”
Tong Ocean said indifferently!
Tong Youcai wasn’t even his own son, so Tong Ocean didn’t care at all, the reason he sent that Tong Youcai was also because he wanted to borrow Chen Ping’s hand and kill Tong Youcai!
“Old Tong, the enemy who killed your own son is right in front of you, are you indifferent?”
“As long as our two families join hands, Yue Buqun, the old thing, won’t be able to stop it.”
Leng Wu Dao persuaded at Tong You Cai!
“I can’t stop you guys, but I can explode myself and have a fish death!”
Yue Buqun finished and ordered loudly, “Disciples of the Pure Yang Sect, listen to the order ……”
“If anyone makes a move against Mr. Chen, immediately explode yourself, even if the jade is burned to the ground, I won’t hesitate to do so ……”
“Yes …………”
All the disciples of the Pure Yang Sect began to have their breath rise up!
This time, Leng Wu Dao was dumbfounded, he never thought that Yue Bu Qun would make such a choice!
“Yue Buqun, for this Chen Ping, is it worth it for you?”
Leng Wu Dao shouted in great confusion.
“It’s worth it!” Yue Buqun said with a determined expression!
Once they saw that Yue Buqun was playing for real, the people from the other sects couldn’t carry on, if this Yue Buqun blew himself up, they, too, wouldn’t be able to take it well.
“Patriarch Yue, calm down, don’t make it so tense, we can discuss ……”
Bao Yu Kun stood out and advised Yue Bu Qun.
Yue Buqun did not pay attention to Bao Yuqun, this guy is not a good thing either, colluding with the Burning Heaven Sect and cheating him for so many years, Yue Buqun hated him long ago!
“Mr. Chen, are you still able to move now?”
Yue Buqun asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded, “No problem!”
“Mr. Chen, you leave now, the further the better, I’ll take care of things here!”
Yue Buqun told Chen Ping to run away!