“You dare to talk to me like this, you’re dead ……”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, he took a step backwards!
While behind him, Bai Shallow instantly erupted with an aura of the seventh rank of the Transition Realm!
This aura was like a titanic pressure that directly crushed the grey-clothed old man to the ground!
When the other cultivators felt the aura of the seventh rank of the Ferrying Realm on Bai Shallow’s body, all of their faces changed drastically and they all retreated backwards!
“Dare to talk to my little brother like that, I think you’re tired of living ……”
Bai Shao looked down at the grey-clothed old man and said with a disdainful expression!
The grey-clothed old man was filled with panic and hurriedly begged for forgiveness “Spare my life, spare my life, I was wrong, I was wrong ……”
Seeing that old man admit his mistake, Bai Shao gently waved her palm, and the grey-clothed old man instantly flew out several miles away!
Seeing this, the other cultivators turned around and ran!
These people were just bullying the soft and fearful.
As for Sheng Bushi, who was in the middle of the spell formation, he was all excited “It’s Mr Chen, it’s Mr Chen and them ……”
The rest of the Sheng family were also very happy!
The formation was quickly opened, the white mist dissipated and the Sheng family members all walked out of the formation!
“Mr Chen, thank you so much for saving us again ……”
Sheng Bushi said gratefully!
“No need to be courteous, it seems that these last few days, there will definitely be more chaos within the Divine Demon Battlefield, I’d better accompany Sheng family members out together.”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, could it be that you won’t be staying for a few days?”
Sheng Bushi asked in disbelief!
“Not staying, I reckon that the Divine Demon Battlefield has long been rummaged through, and I’m afraid that it will be difficult to find treasures in.”
Chen Ping shook his head!
“It would be great to have Mr Chen follow along and leave!”
Sheng Bushi couldn’t mention how happy he was!
Now that they had Chen Ping following them, Sheng Bushi was not afraid that someone would miss them again!
However, just as Sheng Bushi’s words had just fallen, suddenly a terrifying aura came from far and near, and the entire sky seemed to become dim all of a sudden!
This moment caused everyone to tense up!
“Bad, that Qi Peijia is here ……”
Chen Ping frowned!
Feeling that terrifying aura, the Sheng family members all changed their faces drastically as well!
“If you dare to lie to me, I will let you die an ugly death ……”
Qi Peijia’s voice came slowly!
As soon as the words fell, Qi Peijia’s figure appeared in front of the crowd!
Looking at Qi Peijia, Chen Ping’s face was incomparably ugly!
He did not expect that this fellow would catch up so quickly, and it did not look as if it had any effect!
His own Golden Silkworm Compass Poison King Insect had failed to kill this Qi Peijia!
Now that he had the Sheng Family crowd around him, it would not be good for Chen Ping to escape even if he wanted to!
If it was only himself, he could still find a way to escape, but now with so many people around him, instead of being able to do anything to help, he would have to worry about their safety when the time came!
“In a moment, when I fight with that Qi Peijia, no one should care about me, immediately take the Sheng Family’s people and leave, the faster the better ……”
Chen Ping barked at Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow!
“How can you deal with this guy by yourself ah, although I’m not an opponent either, but I can always help you out a bit.”
Bai Shallow said!
Bai Shallow was a seventh grade strength of the Transition Realm, and was still able to follow Qi Peijia through a couple of moves!
“You guys don’t care, as long as you guys can escape, I also have a way to escape, otherwise no one can escape.”
Chen Ping said anxiously!
Seeing Chen Ping in that state, Bai Shao could only nod, perhaps without attachments, Chen Ping could indeed escape!
“None of you will be able to escape ……”
Qi Peijia knew that Chen Ping wanted the crowd to escape, so he took a step out and suddenly a long black sword stabbed towards Chen Ping!
“Escape ……”
Chen Ping shouted, his figure erupted with countless golden lights, and the Unbreakable Golden Body instantly wrapped Chen Ping tightly!
Moreover, under Chen Ping’s feet, two flames unexpectedly rose, at the same time, Chen Ping’s body directly disappeared, Qi Peijia’s long sword pierced through Chen Ping’s residual shadow!
“Spatial arts, I didn’t expect you to dodge quite fast.”
Qi Peijia said with a slight flicker!