For many days in a row, Chen Ping stayed in the Long family, not eating or drinking, not even going out!
No one knows what Chen Ping is doing these days!
Knock knock …………
This day, Long Xingxu knocked on Chen Ping’s room door!
“What is it?”
Chen Ping’s voice came out from inside the room!
“Brother Chen Ping, there is someone outside the door looking for you, saying that he is your late friend ……”
Long Xingxu said.
“What’s the name?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he didn’t know he had any late friend in Kyoto!
“He said his name is Hu Ma Zi ……”
Just as Long Xingxu finished his words, he saw Chen Ping fiercely open the door to his room, with a glint in his eyes!
Only at this time Chen Ping, full of beard, look disheveled!
“Where is he? Quickly bring them in ……”
Chen Ping said anxiously to Long Xingxu.
Long Xingxu did not dare to delay and hurriedly led Hu Puzi in!
After seeing Chen Ping, Hu Pazi gave a shock!
“Holy sh*t, you’ve fallen into the savage mountain? How did you become such a p*ssy?”
Hu Pazzi was full of confusion.
You know that before, Chen Ping was a handsome guy, but now he has become a stubble-faced uncle!
“Master Hu, come in and say, I happen to have something to ask you ……”
Chen Ping pulled Pocky Hu into the room as soon as he could!
Then instructed Long Xingxu to send someone to guard the door of the room, no one is allowed to enter!
“What is it? Making it so mysterious?”
Pocky Hu had a puzzled look on his face!
“Master Hu, let me ask you, from whom did you learn this runic art?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Of course I learned it from my master, isn’t that nonsense?” Hu Pazzi looked at Chen Ping strangely.
“No, I know it was taught by your master, you are from that sectarian denomination?”
Chen Ping was a little anxious, so he spoke a little incoherently!
“The Heavenly Master Sect, our ancestor of the Heavenly Master Sect is the famous Zhang Tian Shi ……”
Hu Pazi said about his own division with a proud face.
“Then do you know the Heavenly Rune Sect? It’s also one that specializes in the practice of talismanic arts.”
Chen Ping asked.
Pocky Hu froze, then looked Chen Ping up and down: “Why are you suddenly asking about the Heavenly Rune Sect? That’s an ancient sect that disappeared many years ago.”
“Later on some sects specializing in the practice of Runic Arts, most of them originated from the Heavenly Rune Sect, even our ancestor of the Heavenly Master Sect, Zhang Tian Shi, was just a junior disciple of the Heavenly Rune Sect back then ……”
Chen Ping heard, immediately stunned eyes round: “I did not expect this Heavenly Rune Sect so powerful?”
“That is of course, think of the heavenly rune clan patriarch, personally wrote a rune, is this rune, hard suppressed the devil race for a hundred years, see how great the energy of this rune!”
“I tell you, now that the martial dao is rampant, many people feel that the rune art is of little use, but in fact, the rune can save lives, can kill people, and can even keep a party safe!”
“A real one senior talisman master draws the talisman spell, can instantly kill a martial saint, the same one senior talisman master spends the talisman spell, also can instantly make a great martial martial marquis strength, raise to martial saint!”
“You should know that the rune spell technique is endless and endless, the legendary Sun Monkey was pressed into the five-finger mountain, is not because of a rune spell of Buddha Ru Lai?”
Hu Pazi followed Chen Ping talking endlessly about the spell, which also let Chen Ping have a deeper understanding of the spell!
“Let me show you something ……”
Chen Ping said, taking out the map of the ancient ruins of the Heavenly Rune Sect, with some detailed records on it!
When Hu Ma Zi saw this map, his whole body trembled with excitement.
“How can this …… this …… Heavenly Rune Sect still exist? It’s simply too incredible.”
“Where did you get this map from? Could it be a fake?”
Hu Pazi some disbelief, how can this kind of map still exist in the world!
Chen Ping also did not hide, put himself in the Martial Alliance to draw the map down the pa*sage, followed Hu Pazi said once!