At this moment, Chen Ping had the momentum of a man who could not be stopped, but momentum is momentum after all!
How could Chen Ping, on his own, resist the attack of tens of thousands of troops!
“Quickly receive Chen ……”
Seeing this, Yi He could only roar loudly at Isha!
Isha nodded and immediately ordered the army, which had long been prepared, to slowly open the city gates and rush outwards!
Gao Qilan and the girls also wanted to go out of the city, but they were stopped by Ich!
If something happened to Gao Qilan and these people, then Chen Ping would never spare him!
Anyways, these were Chen Ping’s women, speaking of which, they were the wife of the Heavenly Dragon Palace Master, so how could Ih let them risk their lives!
Isha personally led the army and rushed out, quickly rushing in front of Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, what are you doing? Why don’t you hurry back?”
Isha’s eyes were filled with anger!
Although she didn’t understand why Chen Ping was standing here, but this was very dangerous, if he didn’t go before he wouldn’t go, I’m afraid that all of these Demon Emperor City’s army that he had brought out would be buried here!
“Why do you want to go back? Don’t you want to kill the enemy painfully?”
Chen Ping looked at Isha with a slight smile and said!
“Of course I want to kill the enemy painfully, but we are few in number and our strength is still low, how can we fight after the other side?”
“Right now, we can only conserve our strength and stall for time, hoping that we can wait for reinforcements!”
Isha said to Chen Ping!
“Who said that there is no way to spar with fewer people?” Chen Ping looked at Isha with a playful expression “Tell the generals to prepare for the slaughter, in a moment, we want to let the people of that Ming Li Royal City know that our Demon Imperial City generals are not to be messed with.”
“You ………… “Isha saw that Chen Ping insisted on not going back, there was no way out, but could only turn her head and order “All generals listen to the order, pull out your weapons. Prepare to fight ……”
Isha brought more than a thousand generals, all of them drew their weapons, all of them had a cold face, their eyes were full of killing energy, without the slightest bit of fear!
They knew that having reached this point, it was useless to be afraid!
The only thing they could do was to fight for their lives!
“Charge …………”
The tens of thousands of advance troops from Ming Li Wangcheng, seeing that there were only a handful of thousands of people answering their battle, immediately roared forward with excitement!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, gazed at those tens of thousands of enemy troops, and seemed to be chanting something under his breath!
Just when the tens of thousands of enemy troops were only a hundred metres away from them, Chen Ping suddenly made a violent seal with both hands, and the power of the divine Dragon erupted from his chest!
Behind Chen Ping, a golden light flashed continuously, reflecting Chen Ping like an immortal!
Along with the flickering of the golden light, an invisible fluctuation began to sweep through, enveloping the area of heaven and earth in front of Chen Ping!
Rumble …………
In a split second, so everyone was shocked to see that countless rays of light suddenly erupted from the ground, and these rays of light began to connect with lightning speed, finally vaguely forming a mysterious curtain of light!
The curtain of light spread at a surprising speed and soon surrounded all those tens of thousands of enemy troops, which were completely and utterly enveloped!
“It’s a formation, there really is a formation in front of Demon Emperor City ……”
Elder Qi frowned and said!
“Tell the generals not to mess up, keep charging forward, these are just defensive spell formations, there’s no harm in them.”
King Li ordered loudly!
He thought that the outside of the Demon Emperor City were all defensive formations that did not have any killing power!
After all, with a spell formation of this scale, it would be too difficult to lay down a killing formation.
One must know that in the Celestial Realm, formation masters were few and far between, and if one were to not lay such a large killing formation, it was estimated that it would require a lot of resources and spirit coins, not to mention the Demon Imperial City, even they, the Ming Li King’s City, couldn’t afford it!
That was why King Li was so sure that this exposed formation was definitely a defence formation!
Without waiting for King Li’s order to be conveyed, a low voice rang out from Chen Ping’s mouth!
That curtain of light at that moment, began to change continuously, as if the entire heaven and earth were divided by this curtain of light.