“Master, master ……”
The fire phoenix cried out loudly for Chen Ping, that thunder tribulation just now, it was too terrifying, she didn’t know what would happen to Chen Ping!
“Fire Phoenix, don’t get excited, Chen Ping should still be fine, the fact that this demonic apocalypse cloud is still there proves that it’s all still alive.”
Bai Shao comforted Fire Phoenix!
However, at this moment, Luo Shouhai’s few people all had a gloomy look on their faces, because they knew that this was only the third thunder tribulation, even if Chen Ping and the others didn’t die, I’m afraid that it would be very difficult to resist the tribulation behind them!
“Ghost old man, ghost old man ……”
After the third thunder tribulation, Chen Ping’s entire face turned pale and a mouthful of blood was spat out!
On the other hand, the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder’s entire body was covered in wounds, his eyes were tightly closed, and his face was even uglier than a dead man’s!
The Devil Mountain Ghost Old man slowly opened his eyes at Chen Ping’s shout, then said in a weak voice: “Mr Chen, you …… you quickly go, it is simply impossible for us to carry it off, I have never heard of anyone being able to resist this demonic tribulation cloud ……”
Chen Ping looked at the demonic apocalypse cloud in mid-air, he could only smile helplessly, “Ghost old man, I can’t leave either, but until the last moment, I hope ghost old man won’t give up, even if he dies, I’ll be there with him.”
“Ghost old you have to pull yourself together, we can be struck to death by the thunderbolt, but we can’t be scared to death by the thunderbolt ah ……”
Upon hearing this, the Devil Mountain ghost old man sat up with difficulty and also grinned, “Mr Chen is right, until the last moment, we must not be scared ……”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder had renewed vitality in his eyes, and although the breath in both his and Chen Ping’s bodies was weak to the extreme, neither of the two gave up!
The two silently waited for the fourth thunder tribulation to bombard them, without the slightest bit of fear on their faces!
“It’s right in front, let’s hurry up ……”
Zuo Xuan looked at the demonic tribulation cloud that was getting closer and closer, and was a little impatient!
But just as Zuo Xuan and the others were rapidly approaching, Luo Shouhai sensed someone arriving!
“Bad, someone is coming ……”
Luo Shouhai frowned!
It was important to know that the time of transmigration was the most vulnerable time, if these people were here to deal with Chen Ping, then it would be troublesome!
Upon hearing that someone was approaching, Fire Phoenix, Bai Shao and the girls were also alerted!
Soon, Zuo Xuan arrived with his men, and when he saw Fire Phoenix and the others, he was also stunned!
Zuo Xuan knew Fire Phoenix, he knew that Fire Phoenix was following Chen Ping!
Only amongst these people, there was no sign of Chen Ping!
When Luo Shouhai saw Zuo Xuan, his face instantly became more ugly!
Luo Shouhai knew that these guys were from the Demon Sealing Alliance and were still looking for Chen Ping everywhere!
“Fellow Daoists, a friend of mine is in the process of crossing the tribulation, I don’t know what you all are here for?”
Luo Shouhai pretended that he did not recognise Zuo Xuan and the others and went forward to ask!
Zuo Xuan didn’t even look at that Luo Shouhai, but instead stared at the fire phoenix to death, while a pair of eyes also kept looking at Bai Shao and Luo Xi!
This guy, his eyes glazed over at the sight of women!
“Your friend is transiting?Then is this friend of yours called Chen Ping?”
Elder Chu asked coldly to Luo Shouhai!
Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun were both present, Elder Chu knew that these two had been following Chen Ping all along, and now Chen Ping was definitely in this vicinity as well!
“Fellow Daoist, I don’t know who you’re talking about Chen Ping, I don’t know him either!”
Luo Shouhai was still pretending, right now Chen Ping and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder were at the most critical time, if someone disturbed them, it would be really dangerous!
“Hmph, don’t f*cking pretend, that Chen Ping is definitely nearby, you guys are definitely together with that Chen Ping.”
“Uncle Chu, go and see if that Chen Ping is transiting, if it’s him, it’s just the right time to clean him up.”
Zuo Xuan said to Elder Chu!
Elder Chu nodded, then went straight to the building not far away!
“Daring ……”
Seeing this, Luo Shouhai then sent out a sword, the sword qi wrapped in a stern sharpness, straight towards that Elder Chu!