Hong San looked at the Great Luo Golden Canon and saw the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in front of him, his entire body was confused!
He had never expected that a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm’s Sea of Consciousness would be so vast and also possess a strange book!
More importantly, Hong San’s legs were trembling as he felt the aura of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in front of him!
One must know that he himself was the creator of the Purple Flame Sect, but he had nearly reached the strength of the Transformation Immortal Realm!
Even now, with only a wisp of residual soul remaining, what people had he not seen, what things had he not experienced!
But looking at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in front of him, Hong San was terrified from the depths of his heart, and there was no way to hide that fear!
“Kid, this old thing is going to pee in fear, you have something to tell him, I’m going to hide, in a while for him to die of fear!”
Seeing Hong San’s legs trembling, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping could also sense Hong San’s fear, after all, Red Cloud Demon Monarch this kind of Heavenly Realm Great Devil, who wouldn’t be scared after seeing it ah!
“Senior, don’t be afraid, I am not going to harm you.”
“I have lied to you, but although I am not a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, I am sincerely helping the Purple Flame Sect.”
“I was helping Elder Yu of the Violet Flame Sect and the others to block Huo Yuan Ting from getting the Divine Flame Seal before I was chased by the people of this Ghost Face Sect and was forced to enter the Magma River and fall into the void rift to come here.”
Chen Ping said very sincerely to Hong San!
“Then how come you have a demonic aura on you?” Hong San asked!
Hong San hated the Devil Race, so the Purple Flame Sect had followed the Devil Race for so many years!
“Not only do I have a demonic aura on me, I also have a beast race aura!”
Chen Ping said, the power of the three races on his body slowly spread out, allowing Hong San to directly detect it!
Upon seeing that Chen Ping actually possessed the three races’ aura on his body, Hong San’s eyes widened with a very surprised expression!
For a person to possess three racial auras, this was something he had never heard of or seen before!
“Strange person, really strange person ah ……”
Hong San said in shock!
“Senior, since you only have a remnant soul left now, stay in my sea of consciousness, I’ll take you out, and perhaps I’ll be able to find a chance to resurrect you!”
Chen Ping said to Hong San!
Hong San smiled miserably and said, “There is no way for me to be resurrected, right now even this wisp of residual soul is being supported by the flame breath of those treasures around me.”
“I know that I will soon dissipate, so before I do, I’m passing on all my life’s learning to you in the hope that you can carry the Purple Flame Sect forward!”
“Senior, what are you ……” Chen Ping was stunned, how was he going to carry the Purple Flame Sect forward? He was not even a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect!
But before Chen Ping could speak, Hong San then condensed a divine idea in his palm and then instantly integrated it into Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
A stream of complex and detailed information of all sorts began to sweep through Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Before Chen Ping could react, that Hong San then turned pale and his entire body was trembling terribly, but there was a smile on his face, as if he had resolved a great matter!
“Senior, are you alright?”
Chen Ping did not have time to digest the information in his sea of consciousness and hurriedly asked Hong San!
“I’m fine, now even if I die, I can still rest in peace, because of my sudden accident, my true lineage did not leave much behind in the Purple Flame Sect, which has caused the Purple Flame Sect to grow weaker and weaker now!”
“There’s also the secret of that Divine Flame Seal, I didn’t even have the time to tell my disciples, I guess all these years, they would only recognise the Divine Flame Seal as their master and then use it to cultivate.”
Hong San said with a helpless and ashamed face!
“Senior, could it be that that Divine Flame Seal wasn’t meant to be used for cultivation? I’ve heard that after the Divine Flame Seal is recognised, it can allow the Supreme Flame to fuse.”
Chen Ping was surprised and asked Hong San!
Hong San, however, shook his head and said, “The Divine Flame Seal can indeed aid in cultivation, only that the current Divine Flame Seal is just an empty shell.”