“Brother Chen, did you really kill that Fei Qingping?”
Xiao Min asked with a surprised look on her face.
“Of course, don’t you believe in my strength?”
Chen Ping said with a playful smile.
“Believe, I believe too much.” Xiao Min jumped up in excitement, “Big brother Chen, you are fantastic, I love you to death ……”
With that, Xiao Min actually gave Chen Ping a fierce kiss on his face, which made Chen Ping a little embarra*sed.
Ji Ru Xue was also very happy that she would no longer have to worry about the day when the Red Lotus Palace would be attacked by the Sacred Beast Palace.
“Sister, Big Brother Chen helped our Red Lotus Palace get rid of such a big hidden problem, why don’t you thank Big Brother Chen and show it!”
Xiao Min said to Ji Ru Xue.
“How can I show it?”
Ji Ru Xue was stunned.
“Of course it’s to give big brother Chen a kiss and reward him with a fragrant kiss ……”
Xiao Min said with a heated smile.
When Ji Ru Xue heard that, her face rubbed red.
Chen Ping was also full of embarra*sment and hurriedly said, “There’s nothing more to do now, so I should go too ……”
“Mr. Chen, it’s too late today, or else you can stay overnight ……”
Ji Ru Xue blushed Pei red and said in a small voice to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at the sky, it was indeed a bit late, so he nodded his head and agreed to leave again tomorrow.
In the evening, Ji Ruxue personally cooked again and sat a table of delicious food for Chen Ping.
While eating, Chen Ping could see that both Minnie and Ji Ru Xue did not want him to go.
But Chen Ping knew that there were still many things waiting for him to deal with and he had to fly away.
“Brother Chen, will you really come back after you leave?”
Xiao Min asked with slight sadness.
“Of course it’s true, I haven’t figured out the secret inside the cave yet, of course I will come back, don’t worry ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Is it just to come back and figure out the secret?”
Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Ping with eyes full of emotion.
Chen Ping glanced at Ji Ru Xue and hurriedly lowered his head and started eating, not knowing what to say.
Now that Su Yuqi was still suffering, Chen Ping did not have the heart to think of anything else.
He could not do anything to wrong Su Yuqi at this time.
As for Gu Ling’er, it was also because Su Yuqi had tried so hard to set her up, and Chen Ping had agreed to it so that Su Yuqi would have a companion.
After eating, Chen Ping went to bed early to rest, he did not want to follow Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min to talk more, the more he talked, the deeper his feelings would be.
In the middle of the night, Chen Ping was sleeping in a daze!
Suddenly he felt a burst of warmth in his body, followed by a burst of body fragrance like his nose.
Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly got up to find that Ji Ru Xue was in his bed.
Chen Ping wanted to turn the light on, but was stopped by Ji Ru Xue.
“Don’t turn on the light ……”
Ji Ru Xue did not let Chen Ping turn on the light, probably because she was afraid of being shy.
Chen Ping didn’t turn on the light, but got straight out of bed, and then lit himself a cigarette and said, “Miss Ji, I understand your good intentions, but I already have a girlfriend, and he is still locked up in the dungeon of the Martial Union, I can’t do her wrong!”
Ji Ru Xue listened to Chen Ping’s words and silently put on her clothes.
“I’m sorry …………”
Ji Ru Xue lost her mind and walked out, just as she reached the door, Ji Ru Xue stopped and looked back at Chen Ping: “I am not a cheap woman, nor am I not self-respecting, I just truly like you, I hope you can understand ……”
“I understand ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Ji Ru Xue turned around and left, she did not want Chen Ping to misunderstand that she was a casual woman.
As Ji Ru Xue walked back, Chen Ping looked at the stars in the sky and missed Su Yuqi a little.
And at the same time, inside the Kyoto Martial Union dungeon!
Zhu Zhishan got dressed and came to the dungeon, he would wait until midnight every day before coming inside the dungeon.
And in a room inside the dungeon, Su Yuqi was sitting quietly as she waited for Zhu Zhishan’s arrival.