“Convey what instructions?”Xiao Yuanshan asked!
“Hand over Chen Ping, the Demon Sealing Alliance and the Xiao Imperial Dynasty will be at peace with each other, if Emperor Xiao does not hand it over and insists on protecting that Chen Ping, then the Demon Sealing Alliance can only declare war on the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
“Emperor Xiao should understand that if the two parties declare war, there will be an explosion of life, and the foundation of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty for thousands of years may be destroyed from you.”
Patriarch Zhou said to Xiao Yuanshan!
But as soon as the words fell, Xiao Yuanshan suddenly struck out towards that Patriarch Zhou!
Slap!
A slap hit that Patriarch Zhou’s face!
Xiao Yuanshan did not use his spiritual power, so the slap only made Patriarch Zhou’s face red and swollen!
“You …………” Patriarch Zhou’s eyes glared, but he did not dare to fight back!
He still understood the reasoning of having to bow his head when one was under the roof!
“Declaring war is declaring war, go back and tell that Zuo Tianzheng, my entire Western Region, will never allow there to be a Demon Sealing Alliance power in.”
Xiao Yuanshan finished and said loudly, “Prime Minister Yu ……”
“Your Majesty ……”
Prime Minister Yu Wenqiang rushed forward!
“Order to go down, eradicate all the forces of the Western Region’s Demon Sealing Alliance, and kill without amnesty anyone who encounters the Demon Sealing Alliance in ……”
Xiao Yuanshan’s attitude was very tough!
“Obey!”Yu Wenqiang went to give the order!
Seeing this, Patriarch Zhou’s entire body was somewhat baffled, he did not understand if this Xiao Yuanshan was crazy, for the sake of a Chen Ping, following the entire Demon Sealing Alliance to confront them, was it worth it or not?
“Emperor Xiao, since you mean to declare war, then I will leave you alone.”
Patriarch Zhou finished speaking and ran away with Tian Luo and Tian Sha!
He was afraid of being left behind in the Xiao Dynasty if he did not get it right!
Although he was not bad at the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, he did not dare to be too reckless in a place like the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
After leaving the territory of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, Patriarch Zhou gazed at the entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty continent from mid-air and sighed lightly, “The Great War is about to begin, I’m afraid that our good days are coming to an end.”
“Sovereign, what do we do next?”
Heaven’s Fury asked!
“What else can we do, I’ll send the news back and wait here to see how the alliance master handles it.”
“This time it’s obvious that we’re being used as cannon fodder, it’s good that that Emperor Xiao didn’t move to kill, otherwise none of us would have been able to escape.”
After Patriarch Zhou finished speaking, he directly took out a voice transmission jade slip and reported the situation of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty after Zuo Tianzheng, then he stayed in the Western Region to wait for the next instructions!
And in the middle of the great hall of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, Chen Ping somewhat apologetically said to Xiao Yuanshan, “Emperor Xiao, I appreciate your good intentions, but for my sake, it really isn’t worth it to put the Xiao Imperial Dynasty in fear.”
“I’d better leave this place, after all, I’m not a member of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, as long as I leave, I’m sure that Demon Sealing Alliance won’t be looking for trouble from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
“Mr Chen, you just stay in my Xiao Imperial Dynasty, you don’t have to think about anything else, I’m following the Demon Sealing Alliance and declaring war for your sake, as well as for my own.”
Xiao Yuanshan said with a faint smile!
“Why is that?”Chen Ping did not understand, could it be that Xiao Yuanshan followed the Demon Sealing Alliance as well?
“Mr Chen, I know that you are by no means an ordinary person, and your future achievements are by no means bound by this small Celestial Realm.”
“I’m helping you now, and I only hope that in the future, you will be able to bless my Xiao Imperial Dynasty with prosperity for all generations, so I’m also doing this for myself.”
Xiao Yuanshan said unapologetically!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, then somewhat embarrassed, “Emperor Xiao, you actually think so highly of me?”
“Of course, I have always been very accurate in reading people ……”
Xiao Yuanshan smiled faintly!
Chen Ping was not saying anything anymore, Xiao Yuanshan valued him so much, what else could Chen Ping say?
One day if he really ascended to Immortality and achieved a party master, he would definitely cover the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Feng’er, take Mr Chen for a stroll, in addition order to send some resources to Mr Chen’s room!”
Xiao Yuanshan said to Xiao Feng!