Sheng Tiantai followed Chen Ping and started preparing to break the formation, while Ye Liancheng left in order not to disturb them!
Outside the Sacred Pool, there were quite a few Ye Family members watching over them, so Ye Liancheng was not afraid that Sheng Tiantai and the others would escape!
After Ye Liancheng left, Chen Ping did not rush to break the formation, but carefully observed the formation around him!
He found that the formation had loosened up, as if someone had already broken part of it!
It was only that the formation was very complex, and the other party had not found where the formation eye was by forcing it to break, so although the formation had been damaged, it was still far turned!
“Let’s just break the formation first, as long as we break this formation, everything will be fine.”
Sheng Tian Tai said to Chen Ping!
But as soon as Sheng Tiantai’s words fell, he suddenly felt a strong wind coming from behind him!
Sheng Tiantai didn’t turn around and instinctively put his head down, followed by rolling forward, making a huge mess!
Sheng Tiantai hurriedly looked up and found Sheng Bushi looking at him with rage!
“bast*rd, traitor, I’m going to clean up the door for the Sheng family ……”
Sheng Bushi gritted his teeth and slapped his palm once again!
“Big brother, misunderstanding, misunderstanding ……”
Sheng Tian Tai anxiously dodged, but he was simply no match for Sheng Bushi!
If he hadn’t taken advantage of Sheng Bushi’s carelessness and secretly controlled Sheng Bushi, how could Sheng Tiantai have captured Sheng Bushi!
“Stop ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping directly stepped forward and stopped Sheng Bushi!
Now was not the time to kill Sheng Tiantai, and this was in the Ye Family, one could not mess around!
“Hmph, Second Elder, you have aided and abetted the evil and followed Sheng Tiantai in betraying the Sheng Family, today I will kill you together.”
Sheng Bushi took a look at it was the Second Elder and instantly became furious!
“Sheng family master, it’s me, it’s me ……”
Chen Ping saw that Sheng Bushi was about to make a move against himself, so he hurriedly surfaced his identity!
Only to see Chen Ping’s breath flowing through his body as he slowly regained his appearance!
“Mr Chen?”
Seeing Chen Ping, Sheng Bushi froze, his eyes filled with doubt!
“Sheng Family Master, you’d better put your aura away, don’t invite the Ye Family over.”
Chen Ping persuaded Sheng Bushi!
At the moment, Sheng Bushi was in a rage, his breath was constantly surging, if the Ye family members noticed, they would definitely come over to check it out!
Sheng Bushi listened to Chen Ping, then he collected his breath and asked “Mr Chen, what is going on here?”
Chen Ping told Sheng Bushi what had happened!
At this time, Sheng Tian Tai also rushed forward and said “Big brother, I really don’t want this Ye Liancheng to capture you, and I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
Sheng Bushi snorted coldly and just gave Sheng Tiantai an oblique glance!
For this younger brother, Sheng Bushi reckoned that it would be impossible to forgive for a short period of time!
“Sheng family head, no matter what you two brothers are like right now, you can’t make a move here, if there’s something you can go back to the Sheng family and settle it.”
“We have to help the Ye family break this formation now, and then find a way to leave the Ye family before we can do so.”
“As long as we leave the Ye Family, it will be easy!”
Chen Ping said after Sheng Bushi!
Sheng Boshi also knew that they were now equal to being inside a wolf’s den, and they were afraid that they wouldn’t be able to get out if they weren’t careful!
What’s more, Sheng Jiayue was still clutched in Ye Liancheng’s hands, if anything happened here in Sheng Bushi, I’m afraid that Sheng Jiayue would also have to die!
“Listen to Mr Chen for everything ……”
Sheng Bushi decided to listen to Chen Ping’s arrangements!
“Well then, let’s break this formation first, and we’ll think about the later things in the long run.”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, this formation must be broken within three days, otherwise that Ye Liancheng is going to lay his hands on my son.”
Sheng Bushi said!
“Don’t worry, as far as this formation is concerned, it won’t take three days, by tomorrow I will be able to break it!”
Chen Ping said with full of confidence!