“Do you know that maintaining such a huge formation requires a lot of spirit stone resources, are you a fellow who is going to empty your family’s pockets?”
Red Cloud Demon Lord asked!
“There are a large amount of flints at the bottom of this sea, where do I use my own resources!”
Chen Ping had long calculated that there were a large amount of flints at the bottom of this Dead Sea, so he would just take these flints as resources!
Chen Ping quickly carved the array pattern, not knowing how long it took, the last array pattern was finally carved!
Along with Chen Ping throwing a large amount of flints into a formation pattern from his storage ring, the formation pattern also began to emit light!
These rays of light finally joined together, and the entire Demon Subduing Formation was considered to be completely activated!
The large amount of flints emitted a reddish glow, almost spreading throughout the entire formation!
It was important to know that the more spirit stones there were, the more powerful the formation would be, and the power of a formation was not determined by the strength of the formation master alone!
Even if it was a formation laid down by a top tier formation master, if there were no spirit stones to maintain it, then the formation would not have much power!
However, looking at these flints in front of him, Chen Ping was not satisfied because he knew that the core of the formation had to use the best spirit stones!
After all, this time he was facing Ning Zhi and a dozen or so demonic cultivators, Chen Ping didn’t dare to be the slightest bit careless, and even more so, he didn’t want to save it for the sake of saving, and preferably make himself regret it!
Only to see Chen Ping take out a pale white stone from his storage ring, the stone was only the size of a fist, but it contained immortal qi!
This was surprisingly an immortal stone, Chen Ping placed the immortal stone at the core of the formation, instantly causing this Demon Subduing Formation to emit a burst of light!
After doing all this, Chen Ping surprisingly took the initiative to keep leaking out his own aura, he just wanted Ning Zhi to sense his aura and chase after him!
And in the sky above the Dead Sea, Ning Zhi was searching for Chen Ping and the others with a dozen or so Demon Amendments!
He didn’t believe that Chen Ping, with Zhu Qingxiu in tow, would be able to leave the Dead Sea in such a short period of time!
What’s more, Zhu Qingxiu was seriously injured, if not treated in time it would be death, so Chen Ping would definitely find a place in the Dead Sea to help Zhu Qingxiu heal first!
You have to know that Zhu Qingxiu’s kind of situation, it is very difficult to heal, it is impossible to heal in a short period of time!
So Ning Zhi believed that Chen Ping and the others were definitely still within the confines of the Dead Sea, but he just didn’t know where they were hiding!
He couldn’t detect Chen Ping’s and their scent right now even with that Ghostly Face Scrying Sky!
“You bunch of wasteful things, what a burden ……”
Ning Zhi forgot to glance at the dozen or so demonic cultivators and cursed impatiently!
Those devil cultivators didn’t dare to say anything, they could only lower their heads and desperately follow behind Ning Zhi!
“Sir Ning, we’ve been searching for a few hours now, the brothers can’t stand it any longer, let’s just find a deserted island to rest on, so that the brothers can recover as well.”
The green-clothed cultivator could only harden his heart and whisper to Ning Zhi!
“How can there be time for you guys to rest, but I can let you guys recover for a while.”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, he took out a cauldron from his body, which was only the size of a palm, looked very round, and was surprisingly hollow around the cauldron, with wisps of red smoke coming out from within!
After these smokes came out, it instantly made the surrounding space become a little hot!
“These are Supreme Fire Spiritual Qi, very precious, if you all absorb some of them, your physical strength will soon be restored.”
Ning Zhi said coldly!
Upon hearing this, the dozen or so demonic cultivators were instantly grateful and thanked Ning Zhi, and then greedily began to absorb that Supreme Fire Spiritual Qi!
Sure enough, after the Fire Spirit Qi entered their bodies, the dozen or so demonic cultivators all felt a wave of relief in their bodies, and the feeling of fatigue was swept away!
“Sir Ning, this Fire Spirit Qi is really something good, can you let us inhale some more?”
The green-clothed cultivator asked excitedly!