Yan Shuangying couldn’t help but laugh as he listened to Qiu Wanha’s words, his smile was not to mention how bright, laughing at that Qiu Wanha was a little hairy!
“Old Yan, what are you laughing at, could it be that this method I mentioned doesn’t work?”
“If you feel that 50/50 is not appropriate, you can be 40/60, I’m 40 and you’re 60, how about it?”
Qiu Wanha continued to enquire!
“Old Qiu, after so many years, have you ever seen me compete with you guys for anything?”
“Even though I don’t compete or grab, and you guys gave me the hardest errand of guarding the dungeon, I have no complaints!”
“But you can’t treat me like a fool, you took people out of the city in great numbers, think I don’t know?”
“You followed Old Xing into a fight and ended up losing both of them, didn’t I know about that?”
“You were beaten by a kid from the first rank of the Mahayana realm and kept spitting out blood, do you think I didn’t know about it?”
“You’re still here to talk to me about co-operation, you couldn’t deal with that Criminal Dao Rong anymore, that’s why you dragged me down with you.”
“I’m not that stupid, that Immortal Spirit Stone Vein is good, but I know how many pounds I have, and I don’t want it.”
“If you want it, then go and fight for it with your own skills, don’t worry, even if that old Xing comes to me, I won’t help him.”
Yan Shuangying said to Qiu Wanha with a smile!
Upon hearing this, Qiu Wanha’s old face instantly blushed, looking very embarrassed!
“Old Yan, aren’t you thinking about it? I can adjust the ratio in for you a bit higher!”
Qiu Wanha was still fighting for it!
If it was just the power of his Qiu Mansion, he was afraid that it would be very difficult to take back that Immortal Spirit Stone Vein!
“Send off the guests ……”
Yan Shuangying coldly shouted!
At this time, the Yan House’s butler walked in and said to Qiu Wanha, “General Qiu, please ……”
Qiu Wanha still wanted to open his mouth to fight for it, but looking at Yan Shuangying’s appearance, he finally closed his mouth and turned to walk out!
“Hmph, playing mind games with me, taking me for a fool?”
Yan Shuangying looked at Qiu Wanha’s back and laughed with a cold snort!
Qiu Wanha huffed and puffed as he left from Yan Mansion, his entire being about to explode with anger!
Not only did he not seek that Yan Shuangying’s help, but instead, he got his favourite woman to play with killed!
Qiu Wanha felt that he had lost both his wife and his army.
But he can’t do anything about it, this Yan Shuangying even knows everything, so it’s hard to co-operate with him!
“Master, that General Yan didn’t agree?”
The Qiu Mansion housekeeper asked!
“No!”Qiu Wanha shook his head, “It seems like we can only hope on Brother Luo, I hope he can come earlier this time ……”
“Master, that Cultivator Luo is from outside of Beast City, will you be punished if you quietly collude with a cultivator from outside of Beast City like this and still let him show his face?”
The housekeeper said with some concern!
“I don’t care about that much, the city lord doesn’t even know where he is, who will punish me, as long as I become the city lord at that time, then the rules of the Beast City will be set by me!”
Qiu Wanha waved his hand, unconcerned.
As long as he could get the immortal spirit stone veins, he could use the outside cultivators of Beast City to help him take over the entire Beast City!
At that time, the rules were all set by himself, so there was no such thing as punishment!
At this time, Chen Ping is still in the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, desperately cultivating, and strive to break through to the second grade of the Mahayana realm as soon as possible!
For his part, Ding Daorong was bringing people to guard the area day and night, preventing Qiu Wanha from bringing people to wreak havoc!
In the blink of an eye, three days had passed, and within these three days, Bai Cheng had brought people to keep mining Immortal Spirit Stones, and had harvested quite a lot!
In the Qiu Mansion, Qiu Wanha had been pacing back and forth the whole day!
His face was covered with wrinkles, looking much older!
“Why hasn’t he come yet?”Qiu Wanha frowned and looked out the window!
“Elder brother Qiu, are you waiting for me?”
At this moment, a rough voice came from outside!