In this way, it seemed that the strength of this Luo Jinyou was not as strong as that Ning Hai.
Chen Ping was not even afraid of Ning Hai, so how could he be afraid of Luo Jinyou?
When Luo Jinyou saw that Chen Ping had taken a punch from himself, but he had only retreated two steps, unhurt, he could not help but be filled with surprise.
Just as Luo Jinyou was surprised, Chen Ping clenched his fist and a golden light smashed towards Luo Jinyou viciously from top to bottom.
Chen Ping’s while his body was in mid-air, a terrifying Qi energy surrounded Luo Jinyou directly.
Seeing this, Luo Jinyou’s fists instantly fought to swing upwards, a wave of . Waves of Qi swept, directly resisting Chen Ping’s fist wind.
Stomp stomp stomp …………
Even so, Luo Jinyou’s body was still ruthlessly struck, and he then heavily retreated several steps backwards before he was able to stabilise himself.
“Coming is not a gift, it seems that your Luo family is also a waste of time, your strength as a family head, is only so ……”
Chen Ping looked at Luo Jinyou and said with contempt in his eyes.
Luo Jinyou gritted his teeth, his eyes slightly narrowed as he stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare.
At this moment, Chen Ping was standing quietly, his breath steady, without the slightest expression on his face.
Luo Jinyou suddenly clasped his fingers from his pocket and then shot out violently towards Chen Ping.
Only several white lights were seen, heading towards Chen Ping, which enveloped Chen Ping’s body, making it too late for Chen Ping to dodge.
Clang clang clang …………
After a clear and crisp sound, only to see the fire splash around and several white chess pieces falling on the ground, the pieces had broken into pieces.
“You want to use the chess pieces to break my imperishable golden body?”
Chen Ping could not understand what this Luo Jinyou was thinking, how could his own imperishable golden body be broken by a few chess pieces.
On the other hand, Luo Jinyou’s face changed greatly.
These were not ordinary wives, they were made of Tianshan Cold Jade, which was incomparably hard, and as soon as the chess pieces hit the body, the cold air would invade the body and it would not take long to freeze to death.
So with this kind of thing, killing people invisibly, it is the best concealed weapon!
But Luo Jinyou did not expect such a hard Tianshan Cold Jade to break Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body at all.
“As expected of a body protection divine technique, it is really powerful ……”
Luo Jinyou’s eyes faintly stared, but he didn’t panic, instead he started to choke the spell with both hands!
A ray of light flickered in Luo Jinyou’s ten fingers, before coalescing into an overwhelming pillar of light!
This pillar of light, which was like a laser, then shot out towards Chen Ping!
He intended to use this method to directly destroy Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body!
But Chen Ping didn’t care in the slightest, this body of his had resisted even Ning Hai’s self-destruction, let alone Luo Jinyou’s little spell!
The pillar of light struck Chen Ping’s body hard, and the next thing he saw was the scales on Chen Ping’s body slowly transforming!
“Hmph, carved insects and small skills ……”
Chen Ping coldly snorted, also similarly choked the magic, a palm chopped at that pillar of light, surprisingly was directly cut off by the pillar of light.
“This …… how is this possible?”
Luo Jinyou was shocked, he didn’t expect someone to be able to cut through the light!
Chen Ping’s strength, was also too perverted, this made Luo Jinyou’s heart finally feel fearful!
“There are many more impossible things, I am here this time to ask you to hand over that Ning Zhi, if you can hand over Ning Zhi, I can leave you alive!”
Chen Ping said icily to that Luo Jinyou.
“Ning Zhi?”
Luo Jinyou faintly froze, he did not expect Chen Ping to be running after Ning Zhi.
However, Luo Jinyou did not intend to hand Ning Zhi over, no matter what, the news of his son and brother being killed had come from Ning Zhi.
Also that the Ning family had been destroyed and only Ning Zhi was left alone, Luo Jinyou was even less likely to hand Ning Zhi over.