The fire phoenix looked at Qi Peijia and inwardly despised it for a while, although Qi Peijia’s strength was good, but with this appearance, he still wanted to be his master, simply shameless!
You have to know that when Fire Phoenix was relegated to the secular world in the past, her strength was no worse than this Qi Peijia!
Moreover, the former master of the Fire Phoenix was the domain master of one of the five domains in the Celestial Realm, so the Fire Phoenix was able to do whatever it wanted in the Celestial Realm!
Only later on, he made a mistake and was sent into the secular world, and his strength dropped a lot!
Fortunately, after meeting Chen Ping, the Fire Phoenix had the opportunity to return to the Celestial Realm!
Now Qi Peijia, a Transition Realm 8th grade cultivator, still wanted to be his master.
The fire phoenix was inwardly contemptuous!
However, Fire Phoenix’s strength was too low right now, so he had to hold back in order to do so!
“Can you really protect me?” Fire Phoenix asked in a small voice!
“Of course, in this Divine and Demonic Battlefield, whoever sees me, Qi Peijia, will have to bow their heads and behave.”
Qi Peijia said with a condescending face!
“Are you really that powerful? Then I’m willing to recognise you as my master ……”
The Fire Phoenix jumped up and down with joy at the sound of this!
Seeing that the Fire Phoenix was so innocent and was also a Divine Beast, if it was tempered and trained more, it would definitely be a good helper in the future!
Plus the fact that the Fire Phoenix was so pure and unassuming looking, it would be good to warm the quilt at night!
“Good, since you recognise me as your master, I’ll send you a meet and greet first!”
Qi Peijia pulled out an elixir and threw it directly to Fire Phoenix “This is an immortal elixir I found in the Divine Demon Battlefield, I’m giving it to you.”
“Thank you master!” The fire phoenix was happily about to put away the immortal pill!
“Eat it, this Immortal Pill is for you.”
Qi Peijia told the Fire Phoenix to eat the Immortal Pill!
The Fire Phoenix hesitated for a moment, but in the end, she opened her mouth and ate the Immortal Pill!
After all, she had to obey unconditionally now so that she wouldn’t make Qi Peijia suspicious!
When Qi Peijia saw that Fire Phoenix had really eaten the Immortal Pill, she immediately showed a smile on her face!
“Master, I was bullied just now, I wonder if master can help me take revenge?”
Fire Phoenix asked to Qi Peijia!
“Of course I can, you take me to ……”
Qi Peijia nodded!
The Fire Phoenix led Qi Peijia in the opposite direction of the cave where Chen Ping and the others were cultivating!
The two of them flew all the way, while the fire phoenix transformed into its own body and flew alongside Qi Peijia, which gave Qi Peijia a great satisfaction in his heart!
To have the fire phoenix fly beside him and become his pet, was simply too good to be true.
But at this time, the Fire Phoenix was very anxious inside!
She had to find an enemy with a good strength, and then follow Qi Peijia to fight to the death before the Fire Phoenix could get away!
Just as Fire Phoenix was flying after Qi Peijia, she suddenly noticed that a dozen or so cultivators were surrounding a female cultivator!
Fixing her eyes, Fire Phoenix realised that these were actually people from the Jade Pope Sect!
Knowing that the Jade Pu Sect’s master, Hai Ande, was dead, it was surprising that there were still Jade Pu Sect’s leaks!
“Master, they are right below ……”
The fire phoenix hurriedly pointed!
Seeing this, Qi Peijia directly swooped down!
At this moment, that female cultivator was being pressed to the ground by a dozen or so Jade Pope Sect cultivators, with her clothes all about to be stripped off!
Qi Peijia looked on expressionlessly, then asked “Are these the people who bullied you?”
“Yes, this is how they bullied me ……”
Fire Phoenix nodded!
“Who are you people? Get lost right now, we’re from the Jade Pope Sect, we’re preparing to cultivate, don’t disturb us!”
A person from the Jade Pope Sect shouted insults after seeing Qi Peijia and Fire Phoenix!
Qi Peijia didn’t say anything, but instead, a wisp of black mist emerged from his body!
This wisp of black mist was like a poisonous snake, instantly heading towards the dozen or so Jade Pope Sect disciples!
In the blink of an eye, the dozen or so Jade Pope Sect disciples, without any resistance, all died!
When Fire Phoenix saw this scene, a wave of fear ran through her heart!
If this Qi Peijia found out about the cave where Chen Ping and Bai Shao were hiding, and found out that there were still Immortal Mines inside, he didn’t know if he would make a move to snatch them!