When the bead appeared, it instantly shone brightly, and a peaceful force instantly enveloped down.
“Could this be his own golden elixir?”
Chen Ping looked at the bead in front of him, somewhat incredulous, especially because of the peaceful power the bead emitted, which made Chen Ping very comfortable.
The iron chains that were incomparably cold and the ghosts wailing were now all silent under this peaceful power, and slowly those chains retracted back into the ground!
As the chains returned to the ground, a giant dragon roared and instantly disappeared within Chen Ping.
Ning Zhi frowned as he looked at the beads that were emitting light in front of him, his eyes filled with amazement.
He didn’t know what a golden elixir was!
In his eyes, this should be another of Chen Ping’s treasures, for there were simply too many treasures in Chen Ping’s possession.
Whether it was the Dragon Cutting Sword or the Storage Ring, whether it was the Dragon Crystal or this bead in front of him, each and every one of them was priceless.
Looking at them made Ning Zhi’s eyes red with envy, he was too jealous!
“Chen Ping, if you die, all these treasures will be mine, they are all mine ……”
As Ning Zhi finished speaking, the black circle of light above his head emitted a glow that carried a strong killing intent above it.
The black light that emanated was like a laser, destroying everything it penetrated!
Seeing this, Chen Ping slowly stepped forward with both hands, while the golden pellet slowly fell into Chen Ping’s palm.
A soft force a*saulted Chen Ping’s entire body.
Condensing into a golden pellet also meant that he had entered the path of immortality cultivation.
This soft force should be immortal power!
This force was waved gently by Chen Ping and instantly headed towards that black light.
The energy that erupted when the two strands of power, both capable of destroying the heavens and the earth, touched each other was terrifying.
However, when the two forces really touched each other, there was no landslide as expected, not even a sound was made.
The black light, the moment it touched, disappeared, and the black circle of light above Ning Zhi’s head also became fragmented and disappeared in a tremor.
“This …… this …………”
Ning Zhi’s eyes were wide open, unable to believe his own eyes.
He couldn’t understand what kind of treasure the bead in Chen Ping’s hand was, how could it be so powerful?
“What kind of treasure is that in your hand?”
Ning Zhi couldn’t help but ask Chen Ping curiously.
Chen Ping looked at his golden pearl and smiled faintly, “I will give tell you when you die ……”
Chen Ping opened his mouth and swallowed the golden pellet, then the peaceful force disappeared!
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping incredulously, for a moment, Ning Zhi thought that he was standing in front of a real immortal.
“Your Immortal Punishing Formation is not good, it can’t even trap a mortal like me ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his right hand flashed with a golden light, followed by a palm slap towards Ning Zhi.
Just now he let Ning Zhi live, but unfortunately Ning Zhi was not precious, then now he could only kill.
Feeling the terrifying aura rushing towards him, Ning Zhi’s heart was incomparably shocked, and he did not dare to follow Chen Ping in his fight.
He had no more cards left, and if he stayed, what awaited him was death ……
The first thing he did was to take out his Qiankun circle.
As soon as Chen Ping saw Ning Zhi take out the Qiankun Circle, he immediately knew that this guy was going to use the Qiankun Circle to escape.
Then his body flashed and he slapped his palm fiercely over.
Boom ……
Chen Ping’s palm struck Ning Zhi’s chest, and Ning Zhi’s body instantly flew out backwards.
The moment his body flew out, Ning Zhi endured the severe pain and threw the Qiankun Circle in his hand out.
Immediately afterwards, in mid-air. A blackened hole appeared, and Ning Zhi’s body directly entered the hole and disappeared immediately afterwards.
“D*mn it, still let him escape …………”
Chen Ping cursed, inwardly envious of the Qiankun Circle in Ning Zhi’s hand, if he had such a spatial magic weapon, he would be able to escape quickly in case of danger.