It directly penetrated Huo Dong’s body and chopped off one of Huo Dong’s arms hard!
Huo Dong stumbled and fell from mid-air!
Just at the moment when Huo Dong fell, Chen Ping followed the trend and made another chop, only to see a white light flashing once again, and surprisingly, one of Huo Dong’s legs was directly chopped off as well!
Huo Dong’s body fell to the ground, and without the ability to stand, he directly sat on the ground!
Looking at Huo Dong’s wretched appearance, Chen Ping took a step towards Huo Dong!
“Son ……”
Huo Yuan Ting roared and wanted to strike, but the old Sect Master took the lead and blocked that Huo Yuan Ting.
The others were dumbfounded, having reached this point, everyone was watching!
“Chen Ping, don’t think I’ve lost, I still have the Divine Flame Seal, I’m going to let you die ……”
Huo Dong roared, the Supreme Fire Breath in his body continuously inputting into the Divine Flame Seal!
The Divine Flame Seal erupted with a shocking flame aura, and the entire Violet Flame Sect had been wrapped in this flame aura!
Even the old Sect Master and people like Huo Yuan Ting were somewhat unable to withstand it!
The heavens and earth were plunged into a blaze of flames, and this aura of flame was even fiercer than the aura of flame from that divine volcano!
“Son, what are you doing, what are you doing? Quickly stop!”
Huo Yuanting roared in shock!
He was not worried about Huo Dong, but the Divine Flame Seal in Huo Dong’s hand!
Huo Dong was trying to explode the Divine Flame Seal straight away, making everyone die with him!
The old Sect Master was also filled with shock at the moment, he did not expect that Huo Dong would be crazy to this extent, wanting the entire Violet Flame Sect to be buried with him!
“Retreat, everyone quickly retreat ……”
The old Sect Master took the lead and roared loudly as he soared into the sky!
Everyone fled towards the distance to avoid this terrifying flame aura!
Zhu Ling looked at Chen Ping, simply unwilling to go, shouting loudly at Chen Ping: “Junior Brother, quickly go, quickly go, that Huo Dong is going to detonate the Divine Flame Seal, to die with him ……”
However, Chen Ping did not move as if he did not hear!
“Senior sister, quickly go, it’s too late ……”
Wei Qing pulled Zhu Ling and desperately fled backwards!
Everyone fled the Purple Flame Sect and stood in the distance quietly watching as the entire Purple Flame Sect was wrapped in flaming aura!
Chen Ping stared at the frantic Huo Dong, his face frighteningly calm!
“Aren’t you afraid of death?”
Huo Dong asked strangely when he saw that Chen Ping was not fleeing or afraid either!
“Why should I be afraid? I can’t die at all, what am I afraid of ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“I know that you have that True Fire Dharma Body and are not afraid of the Supreme Fire, but when this Divine Flame Seal is detonated, even if you have any Dharma Body, it will be useless.”
“At that time, the entire Purple Flame Sect will cease to exist, and we will all become dust.”
Huo Dong said hideously!
“No, the Divine Flame Seal won’t be able to explode at all!”Chen Ping said!
“Why?”Huo Dong froze!
“Because your Divine Flame Seal is nothing more than an empty shell, the true seal soul of the Divine Flame Seal is here with me!”
Chen Ping said, his palm gently opened, and that seal soul pulsed in Chen Ping’s palm!
“Seal soul? How come I’ve never heard of it before?”
Huo Dong was dumbfounded!
“There are so many things that you have never heard of, do I still have to let you know about them all.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Seal Soul in his palm directly jumped into mid-air!
A marvellous suction force directly sucked that Divine Flame Seal of Huo Dong!
Immediately after that, the seal soul began to fuse after the Divine Flame Seal!
Seeing this, Huo Dong desperately tried to stop it, but he realised that his connection with the Divine Flame Seal had disappeared!
At this moment, Huo Dong panicked as he realised that what Chen Ping had said was actually true!
Along with the fusion of the seal soul following the Divine Flame Seal, the entire Divine Flame Seal had begun to be controlled by Chen Ping!
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, the Divine Flame Seal returned to Chen Ping’s hand!
At the same time, the terrifying flame aura of the Purple Flame Sect also disappeared in an instant, as if nothing had happened!