At this moment, Chen Ping did not move a muscle and began to frantically far turn the Heart Condensation Technique, slowly refining it.
“Haha ………… hahaha ………… ”
When Jue Yuan saw that Chen Ping was motionless, he looked up to the sky and laughed long and proudly!
That Liu Xing, on the other hand, could not help but sigh for a while and said, “This kid, with his Martial Saint realm, he actually forced this old bald a*s, Jue Yuan, to use the Twelve Buddhas of the Kuchan Temple, so he is considered to have some skills!”
“One should know that once the twelve Buddhas are moved, this Kuk Chan Temple of Jue Yuan will cease to exist and will have to go to a new place.”
At this moment, Liu Xing had a hint of recognition for Chen Ping’s strength!
After all, Chen Ping was only a fifth grade Martial Saint, while Jue Yuan was indeed a Martial God, and in the end, he still used the Kuchan Temple’s supreme move, the Twelve Buddhas, before he killed Chen Ping!
“Senior brother, Master told us to come and investigate that power of faith, now that the man is dead, how else can we investigate?”
Liu Rui asked.
“Then take the corpse back and let Master study it ……”
Liu Xing said.
Liu Rui nodded and said, “Good!”
The two then floated down towards the Kuchan Temple!
“Young master, what do we do?” At this time, the man from the Heavenly Thunder Sect asked to Tong You Gong.
“Of course we’ll go down too, even if we die, we’ll take that kid’s corpse away, to be able to invoke such a huge amount of faith power, this kid’s body must have something different from normal people!”
After Tong You Gong finished speaking, he led his men to float down as well!
At this moment, Jue Yuan was standing at the edge of the deep pit, looking at the motionless Chen Ping, his eyes filled with searing heat!
Chen Ping had too many treasures in his body, and although he was dead, those treasures would not disappear.
Most valuable of all, that was the Dragon Chopper Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, which was a top-grade spirit sword!
“Eldest uncle, is this fellow dead?”
At this time, Shi Yan walked over, looked at Chen Ping in the deep pit, and asked Jue Yuan.
“Of course he’s dead, no one has been able to survive under the attacks of the Twelve Buddhas!”
“I have used these Twelve Buddhas twice, but I never thought that I would be forced to use the Twelve Buddhas today by this fifth grade Martial Saint realm brat.”
“After today, Kuchan Temple will cease to exist, and I will have to find a place again!”
Jue Yuan said with a sigh.
“Eldest Brother, then hurry up and get this kid’s body up, he has our Hundred Refinement Pavilion’s Heavenly Mystery Order on him, and many of the magic weapons in our Hundred Refinement Pavilion have been snatched away by him!”
“He’s wearing a storage ring on his hand, there will definitely be a lot of good things inside ……”
Shi Qingpei urged at Jueyuan!
Hearing this, Jue Yuan was just about to jump down into the deep pit and carry up Chen Ping’s corpse, when a terrifying aura came and blocked it directly!
“Master Jue Yuan, good day to you ……”
At this time, Liu Xing and Liu Rui had landed in front of Jue Yuan and them, and then said indifferently.
When Jue Yuan saw this, he frowned slightly and said, “Master Liu of the Pure Yang Sect, Miss Liu, I wonder why you suddenly have time to come to my Kuchan Temple?”
“We are here for him ……”
Liu Xing said as he pointed at Chen Ping inside the deep pit.
This instantly made Jue Yuan feel bad and asked carefully, “What? This Chen Ping, following your Pure Yang Clan, still has an origin?”
One must know that the Pure Yang Sect was a hidden sect, and the strength of the sect was not comparable to that of Kuchan Temple.
Even this man and woman in front of him, two young men and women, Jue Yuan couldn’t afford to mess with them, they were both Martial Gods, and he had only just been promoted to Martial God!
It was just that Jue Yuan didn’t understand how this hidden clan could suddenly have anything to do with Chen Ping?
If there was really a connection, now that he had killed Chen Ping, wouldn’t that be a dead end?
“There’s no connection, we don’t know him, it’s just that this brat has attracted a large amount of faith power, and was discovered by His Holiness, so he sent us over to investigate a bit!”
“Now we’re going to take this kid’s corpse and bring it back for His Holiness Master to study!”
Liu Xing said indifferently.