After hearing Di Chongjing’s words, Chen Ping did not continue to ask, there were some things that he only needed to ask Patriarch Jiang!
“Patriarch Jiang, what to do with this fellow, I’ll leave it to you!”
Chen Ping said as he looked towards Patriarch Jiang!
Di Chong Jing was the junior brother of Patriarch Jiang, and had injured so many Soul Demon Sect disciples, how to deal with Di Chong Jing, or let Patriarch Jiang have the final say.
Patriarch Jiang walked towards Di Chong Jing, while Di Chong Jing saw this and hurriedly fell to his knees, crying bitterly, “Senior brother, spare me, spare me, all of this was ordered to me by senior brother and second senior brother.”
“Within our four disciples, Master’s favourite is you, and I’m the one who is the least popular.”
“I also have the worst strength and talent, if I didn’t rely on blood sucking and bone gnawing to cultivate, I wouldn’t have been able to reach this height in my lifetime.”
“Elder brother, I know I’m wrong, I beg you to spare me this time ……”
Di Chongjing’s face was filled with remorse as he cried!
As Patriarch Jiang looked at Di Chongjing in that manner, his expression became very complicated, his eyes filled with intolerance!
But just as Patriarch Jiang hesitated, that Di Chongjing suddenly flashed a trace of viciousness in his eyes, followed by his entire body instantly expanding, his aura crazily impacting the meridians throughout his body!
This guy was actually going to self-detonate, a Mahayana realm first grade cultivator self-detonating, that power was afraid to be able to make the entire Soul Demon Sect disappear!
“He is going to blow himself up ……”
Chen Ping’s pupils shrank, he didn’t expect that this Di Chong Jing would have quite the backbone and would dare to self-detonate!
It seemed that just now kneeling down and begging for forgiveness and admitting his weakness was all an illusion!
Patriarch Jiang was also shocked, and his entire body panicked, after all, if a Mahayana realm cultivator blew himself up, he did not have the ability to stop it!
If the self-destruct succeeded, then his Soul Demon Sect would be completely finished!
But just as Chen Ping rushed towards Di Chong Jing, he saw a stream of light flying violently out of Di Chong Jing’s body!
It turned out that this fellow was not going to blow himself up, but rather, his divine soul was directly going out of his body, intending to discard his physical body and get a chance to escape!
As long as the divine soul was still there, he would be able to remake his physical body!
After all, he followed Patriarch Jiang as a senior brother, and if Patriarch Jiang was able to remake his physical body, Di Chongjing would also have no problem!
Not to mention the fact that there were still the eldest and second eldest brothers, as long as he could escape back, he would be fine!
After Di Chongjing’s divine soul detached from his physical body, it instantly flew away!
The physical body, on the other hand, bulged as if it were a round ball, and finally let out a deafening sound!
Boom!
The power of a Mahayana Realm self-detonation was very great, except that without a divine soul, and with only a fleshly body to self-detonate, the power was far worse!
At the moment of the self-detonation, Chen Ping put up a shield that directly blocked the aftermath of the explosion!
But just as the aftermath of the explosion subsided, Di Chongjing’s divine soul had long since disappeared without a trace!
“Damn, this guy is too insidious, unexpectedly letting him escape ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping could not help but curse!
Afterwards, he looked at the few remaining Blood and Bone Sect disciples, Chen Ping made a smooth chop and directly killed these Blood and Bone Sect disciples!
“Mr Chen, it’s all my fault, it was my hesitation that gave this Di Chong Jing the opportunity!”
Patriarch Jiang said with great remorse!
“Patriarch Jiang, it’s not your fault, no one expected this fellow to be so insidious.”
“You’d better arrange the Soul Demon Sect disciples, I’ll refine some pills to heal their wounds!”
Chen Ping did not blame Patriarch Jiang; Chen Ping himself was responsible for Di Chong Jing’s escape!
The priority now was to heal the many disciples of the Soul Demon Sect!
Chen Ping did not have too much time to linger here, so he had to hurry before he could do so!
Seeing this, Patriarch Jiang hurriedly nodded and then settled all the severely injured disciples!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, diagnosed the injured disciples of the Soul Demon Sect and refined medicines!
It took a full day for Chen Ping to treat all the injured disciples of the Soul Demon Sect, and with regular medication, they would be cured in no time!