“Lord Priest, Princess Anna has brought ……”
A man in black said to the second priest.
“Bring her in ……”
The second priest said indifferently.
Soon Anna was brought in, except that at this moment Anna’s eyes were tightly closed and she was obviously in a coma!
Andrew was beside Anna with a calm face, not bound, but not resisting either!
Looking at the unconscious Anna, the second priest gently stroked Anna’s face with his hand, “As expected of Her Highness, look how tempting this face is, when she is possessed by a demon, she can become the queen of the whole country, and I am the man behind the queen ……”
The second priest’s eyes were filled with a strong desire for power, he would not be willing to be just a priest within the royal family, he wanted the supreme power!
Only in this bear country, even if you are powerful, if you don’t have royal blood, you can’t rule the whole country.
So he needed to use Anna’s noble bloodline to rule the whole Bear Kingdom!
As for that Prince Hal, he is just a pawn for him, when Anna is possessed by a demon, then Prince Hal will have no need to exist!
By then Anna would become the Queen, and he would be the Queen’s man, the pinnacle of power throughout.
“Second Priestess, I have brought you Princess Anna, is it time for you to release my wife and child?”
Andrew asked with an expressionless face to the second priest.
“Andrew, you have done well, not only did you trick Princess Anna into coming here, but you also stopped Prince Hal from a*sa*sinating her, so you are to be credited!”
“Don’t worry, your wife and children are fine, as long as you follow me obediently, you will be the chief guard of the whole royal family in the future ……”
The second priest said to Andrew with great satisfaction.
But Andrew didn’t seem to care about being any chief of guards, but continued, “I just want to take my wife and children, I’m sorry for the trust Princess Anna and Duke Rose have placed in me, I can’t possibly stay with them.”
“All you need to do is release my wife and children and I will go away with them ……”
Andrew was the most loyal guard in the Duke’s house, which was why Duke Rose had asked him to protect Princess Anna closely.
Only the Second Priestess had captured Andrew’s wife and child, and Andrew was forced to lie that there was a medicine king here that could save Duke Rose!
Tricking Anna into coming here and using her in exchange for his wife and child!
If it wasn’t for running into Chen Ping and the others, Andrew would have brought Anna here long ago!
“As I said, don’t be in a hurry, when my plan is complete, I will definitely release your wife and son.”
The Second Priest gently waved one hand on Anna’s forehead, and Anna opened her eyes leisurely!
When she saw the Second Priest, and the men in black around her, her whole body froze!
“Andrew, where are we?”
“Why are these Burning God Cult people here?”
Anna was a little alarmed because she knew that this second priest was her brother Hal’s man.
Now Hal was hunting himself, so this second priest must also be trying to kill himself.
But Andrew did not answer Anna, but bowed his head slightly and did not say a word!
“Princess Anna, do not be afraid, I will not harm you, I invited you here to make you a true queen, your brother Prince Hal wants me to kill you, but I will not listen to him.”
“I am willing to follow Princess Anna’s instructions, for only you, can be the supreme power queen of the entire Bear Kingdom.”
The second priest whispered softly to Anna, who he feared would be afraid and act too aggressively!
“No, I don’t want to be any empress, I just came over to find the Medicine King to save my father, I don’t want to get any power ……”
Anna said shaking her head.