Obviously, Chen Ping had followed the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master’s contact, and also knew that it was the Qian Pavilion Master who had stalled Mu Kunrong!
“I am also just using the face of the Wandering Pavilion, but to resolve Mu Kunrong, we still need Mr Chen himself.”
“But that Mu Kunrong’s strength of the fifth rank of the Mahayana realm, I don’t know if Mr Chen has any certainty ……”
Pavilion Master Qian asked!
It was because Pavilion Master Qian knew that Chen Ping could cross over levels and fight, that was why he asked!
Whether Chen Ping, who was currently at the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, could beat Mu Kunrong, who was at the fifth rank of the Mahayana Realm, only Chen Ping himself knew!
“Fifth rank of the Mahayana realm ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, “I might be able to kill him in seconds, right ……”
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Pavilion Master Qian froze slightly, his eyes filled with envy!
A ninth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm speaking the words of killing a fifth grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm in seconds!
If this were to come from someone else’s mouth, Pavilion Master Qian would definitely think that he was bragging!
But when it came from Chen Ping’s mouth, Pavilion Master Qian was convinced!
“Mr Chen, then do you still need to take a rest?”
Pavilion Master Qian asked!
“No need!”Chen Ping shook his head!
“In that case, then I will immediately order someone to notify that Mu Kunrong and head to the competition arena now.”
Pavilion Master Qian said!
Chen Ping was led by Pavilion Master Qian as he headed to the South End City’s competition ground!
The many cultivators of South End City had also learnt of Chen Ping’s arrival and had also flocked to the competition ground!
At the same time, the Man Tong Pavilion’s win/loss bet was also opened!
South End City was located at the extreme end of the Southern Domain, and usually the cultivators here rarely had any pastimes other than cultivation!
This match betting game was all the cultivators’ favourite thing to play!
So as soon as the betting game opened, there were quite a few cultivators who had placed their bets!
Because of the experience of the last time, many people knew of Chen Ping’s ability to fight at a higher level, so this time, quite a few people had placed their bets on Chen Ping!
However, that Mu Kunrong was at the fifth level of the Mahayana Realm, and was considered an expert in the entire Celestial Realm, so there were no longer a few cultivators who bet on Mu Kunrong!
“Master, that Chen Ping has arrived!”
Mu Family’s Chief Steward Liu said to Mu Kunrong!
“Good, I didn’t think that he would really dare to come, this time I will definitely break him into pieces to avenge my two sons.”
Mu Kunrong got up violently and said through clenched teeth!
“Master, that Chen Ping is able to cross the ranks, you better beware!”
Chief Steward Liu reminded Mu Kunrong!
“Hmph, he’s a Ferrying Realm, in being able to fight across levels, could he still not defeat me.”
“I am now the fifth rank of the Mahayana realm, in the entire South End City area, who can defeat me?”
Mu Kunrong said with full of confidence!
“That’s right, in this area, there’s no one who’s a match for Master.”
Chief Steward Liu patted his horse’s arse!
Soon, Mu Kunrong led the Mu Family crowd to the martial arts ring!
At this time, the area around the martial arts ring had already been surrounded by people!
Chen Ping was already waiting in the ring!
After seeing Mu Kunrong arrive, Chen Ping did not have the slightest bit of fear on his face!
A Mahayana realm fifth rank was just a mere thing that could be dealt with completely!
When Mu Kunrong saw Chen Ping, his eyes were scarlet red and filled with killing intent!
This was the second time they had met, the first time they had met, Mu Kunrong was nothing more than a shadow!
In the end, the Southern Domain Lord made a move and directly destroyed that shadow, causing the main body to be injured!
Otherwise, Mu Kunrong would have been out of the gate long ago, and it wouldn’t have been so bad that all of his sons were killed by Chen Ping!
Mu Kunrong leapt up and landed steadily on top of the ring!
“Kid, today I will skin you and make you die in endless pain.”
Mu Kunrong glared at Chen Ping and said!
“I can die any way I want, provided that you have the ability to kill me!”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful smile!
“Fine, then I’ll show you that it’s not like I have the ability to kill you!”
After Mu Kunrong finished speaking, his body’s aura instantly erupted!
“Slow down ……”
Just as Mu Kunrong was about to make his move, Pavilion Master Qian suddenly opened his mouth!