Because the Alchemy Sect elders had all been imprisoned for more than ten years, they were weak and still had injuries, so for a while they actually followed the Demon Heart Sect’s people in a fight that was hard to break up!
When Yu Qian and the others saw this, they took off their masks and instantly joined the battle. When Yu Jiameng saw her father, she hurriedly ran over and looked at him in his purple robe, her eyes full of disbelief!
But Yu Qian couldn’t explain at this time, he could only desperately kill the members of the Demon Heart Sect!
With Yu Qian and the others joining them, those from the Demon Heart Sect were clearly falling behind!
And that Demon Envoy was hiding on the side, watching the melee between the two sides, but he didn’t know what to do for a while!
The great power was looking down on the battle group from mid-air, taking in everyone’s every move!
Even when the demon amba*sador hid away and did not make a move, the great power was not the least bit angry!
Even as he watched the members of the Demon Heart Sect die one by one, there was not the slightest hint of sadness in his eyes, as if the people he had killed had nothing to do with him!
Chen Ping followed Ning Zhi, who was still swirling with sword light, desperately swinging and slashing. Ning Zhi’s strength was higher than Chen Ping’s, but in the midst of a real fight, Ning Zhi unexpectedly found himself gradually falling behind.
This caused Ning Zhi’s face to turn very gloomy, and the long sword in his hand became even more venomous as if it were a poisonous snake!
Just as Chen Ping and Ning Zhi were in the middle of their battle, and there was a melee below them, no one noticed that there was a black hole in the air of the secret realm of the Daoist Sect that was constantly absorbing the aura emanating from everyone!
Any aura would be absorbed, anger, killing aura, even dead souls, would be instantly sucked in!
No one noticed the scene, still desperately fighting to the death!
As the battle became more and more intense, and more and more people died, the smiles on the faces of the great powers grew wider and wider!
“Chen Ping, why can you fight me for so long when your realm is inferior to mine?”
“Why, why on earth, do you know that I have suffered all the hardships in order to kill you!”
Ning Zhi couldn’t understand why he couldn’t defeat Chen Ping even though he had relied on absorbing others to improve his strength!
“Are you thinking that we’ve been fighting for too long? Then let’s end it ……”
Chen Ping actually threw the Dragon Cutting Sword directly out of his hand, while his body flashed with a piercing golden light, a golden scale covering his entire body!
Ning Zhi froze, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to throw the weapon in his hand.
Ning Zhi felt that there must be a deception in this approach of Chen Ping, but now that he was faced with Chen Ping’s bare hands in front of him, Ning Zhi did not want to let go of this opportunity!
“Go to hell ……”
Ning Zhi instantly chopped out a golden sword aura, viciously slashing at Chen Ping’s body!
The ma*sive sword mane seemed like a mountain cutting through the sky.
Boom!
With a deafening roar, the piercing light exploded abruptly and the violent aura spread out in all directions!
This sword caused the mingling crowd to lose their minds for a moment, staring dumbly at everything in mid-air!
Chen Ping’s body was struck by the sword and immediately fell downwards like a meteor, before hitting the ground heavily, smashing the ground into a deep crater of more than ten metres!
At this moment, the Alchemy Sect Elders and the others were all stunned, after all, they were still expecting Chen Ping to return to the Celestial Realm, and this just after he had struck, he had been decapitated!
Yu Qian and the others were also full of shock, they didn’t expect that Chen Ping wouldn’t even be able to deal with Ning Zhi, how could he still talk about dealing with the great powers and the whole Demon Heart Sect?
Ning Zhi looked down at the ground, watching the smoke and dust rise and Chen Ping’s figure disappear, he couldn’t help but smile!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, you were unable to defeat me after all and died in my hands ……”
Ning Zhi was incomparably arrogant and happy at this moment!
But he hadn’t noticed that above his head, the sword spirit Zhong Li was holding a longsword emitting a sharp edge, and had already ruthlessly chopped at him!
The great power hovering in mid-air was clearly watching Zhong Li slash at Ning Zhi, trying to kill him, but he didn’t have the slightest intention of making a move!