As the head of the Ning family, who had ever dared to speak to him in such a manner and scold him?
Immediately afterwards, Ning Hai’s palms came out in unison, carrying rolling qi energy as he lunged towards Chen Ping.
“Little beast, I will ruin your tendons and bones, crush your dantian, and make you suffer for the rest of your life ……”
Ning Hai hissed, his murderous aura filling the air!
Chen Ping’s face was cold, not daring to be the slightest bit lax, the dragon crystal within his body flickered with golden light, a golden dragon hovering above Chen Ping’s head!
The power of the divine dragon was released in its entirety by Chen Ping, he knew he needed to fight for his life, otherwise he would not be able to carry it at all.
Ning Hai looked at the golden dragon circling above Chen Ping’s head and only faintly stared, not stopping as his palms turned into endless strong winds, seemingly trying to stir Chen Ping to pieces.
Chen Ping’s fists came out in unison and ruthlessly met him.
It was useless to dodge, Chen Ping could only fight hard now ……
Boom!
Even Ji Ruxue and the girls, who were hundreds of metres away, felt the immense pressure and hurriedly used their energy to resist!
As the smoke and dust cleared, there was a large crater on the ground, and the golden glow of Chen Ping’s body disappeared, replaced by bloodied wounds!
Chen Ping’s strength was still too different from Ning Hai’s. Even though he had used all of his divine dragon power, he was still unable to resist Ning Hai’s attack.
As Chen Ping lay in the deep pit, his gaze was dull as he looked at the sky, which had turned grey and dull.
Gritting his teeth, Chen Ping slowly rose to his feet.
Even though he was now bruised and battered all over, Chen Ping still stood up.
When Ning Dahai saw that Chen Ping could still stand up, his body trembled with anger.
If this were to get out, how could he, Ning Dahai, still have the face to face others?
An old Martial Marquis, dealing with a young man who was half-step Martial Marquis, had failed to destroy the man in three moves, it was too humiliating to say out.
“I just don’t believe it, you are the undefeatable little strong ……”
Ning Hai gritted his teeth as a burst of red light flooded above his palm, followed by an explosion of red light that compared to that sun.
Immediately afterwards, the red light was like a sharp sword, shooting out towards Chen Ping!
The red light then burst into a shower of swords, directly enveloping Chen Ping in it.
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that there was no way for him to dodge, so he closed his eyes and the spiritual energy in his body formed a faint mist around his body, trying to block these sword showers!
Poof poof poof …………
A rain of swords struck Chen Ping’s body, and the faint mist formed by Chen Ping’s spiritual energy was unable to stop the sharp sword rain.
In an instant, it was shattered, and immediately afterwards, a wound was shot out on Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body was almost pierced by these sword rains, and blood dyed Chen Ping into a bloody man.
And the spiritual energy on his body instantly collapsed, and the bones of his limbs were severed!
Chen Ping fell heavily to the ground, his eyes scarlet as he looked at Ning Hai.
Even at this point, not a single trace of fear flowed from Chen Ping’s eyes.
Seeing that Chen Ping was already in this state, there was still battle intent in his eyes.
This made Ning Dahai feel that he was being challenged and defied ……
“I will let you slowly experience death ……”
Ning Dahai reached out, and a huge suction force directly sucked Chen Ping from the deep pit into Ning Dahai’s hand.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, the Heart Condensation Skill within his dantian was running frantically, hoping to mobilize his spiritual energy and take advantage of this good opportunity to deal Ning Hai a blow.
Unfortunately, it was as if the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body had collapsed and could not be brought together at all.
Ning Hai carried Chen Ping with one hand, his face full of a fierce smile.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, his face became increasingly ugly ……
“Don’t worry, I suddenly don’t want to kill you, I want to make you live in pain for the rest of your life, you are my son human and ghostly life, I can’t let you have a good time either ……”
Ning Hai said, and threw Chen Ping to the ground.