“It looks like he really doesn’t know …….”
At this time, Hu Ma Zi walked over and said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping could also see that this what’s-his-name Palace Prince didn’t know anything!
“What a sh*tty palace prince, he doesn’t know anything when asked ……”
Chen Ping cursed, while the young man didn’t dare to fart!
But Hu Ma Zi turned to the young man and asked, “Let me ask you, that ancient art of yours, who taught it to you?”
“Yes …… yes …………”
The young man stammered, looking like he didn’t want to say!
Hu Pazzi slapped on it, instantly making the young man’s face red and swollen.
Chen Ping was taken aback by Hu Pazzi’s action!
Just now, Pocky Hu had a restful attitude and was nodding to the young man, but now he was hitting him at the drop of a hat!
“Master Hu, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“It’s like this anyway, and it’s impossible to hide, so why spoil him ……”
Pocky Hu explained!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was speechless for a moment!
“Right, we can’t spoil him ……”
After Zhao Bargan finished speaking, he also rushed over and lifted his foot towards the young man to kick him.
But before Zhao Barging’s foot could fall, the young man instantly shouted, “I say, I say, this spell incantation was taught to me by my father, and there are only a few people in the entire Penglai Island that know this divine punishment spell!”
“Go, take me to your father ……”
Pocky Hu picked the young man up with one hand.
“Master Hu, are you planning to break into the palace?”
Chen Ping asked.
“We can’t investigate in secret anyway, so why not just go and ask that Du Ziteng directly, he’s no match for you anyway ……”
Hu Ma Zi smiled towards Chen Ping and said!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only smile and follow along!
“Kid, I’m telling you, don’t play tricks, your dad is just a peak Jindan strength, this little brother of mine is a YuanYing realm!”
Pocky Hu said as he carried the young man, then pointed at Chen Ping.
The young man looked at Chen Ping with an expression of disbelief in his eyes.
He somewhat did not quite believe that Chen Ping, at such an age, could be at the YuanYing realm!
Seeing his disbelief, Chen Ping’s aura emanated from his body without reservation.
Just now, Chen Ping had only used half of his strength, or else the pressure alone would have caused these people’s internal organs to collapse and kill them!
Feeling Chen Ping’s aura again, the young man’s eyes were filled with fear!
Then shivering, he said, “You …… are really at the YuanYing realm?”
“How can this be fake? Can’t you feel that aura yourself?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“Felt it, felt it, just now I was much offended, I hope you will not take offense, I will absolutely cooperate with you, anything you want, gold, silver, jewels, rare beauty, our palace has it all!”
The young man said hastily and curtly.
“We’re not robbers, what do we want from you? And rare beauties, thanks to you, you’re still an immortal cultivator, what’s the use of asking for gold, silver, jewels and rare beauties?”
Hu Ma Zi gave the young man a slap on the back of the head!
“Master is right to teach you a lesson, we have pill refiners at the palace, we can give you some pills!”
The young man was slapped, but instead of getting angry, he said with a curt smile!
Hearing about pill refiners, Chen Ping instantly became interested, he wanted to see what level the pill refiners here were!
After all, Chen Ping had only seen Elder Xu and the others refining pills in the Pill God Valley, he had never seen anyone else refining pills at all!
As a few people walked and chatted, Chen Ping and the others got to know the young man a little better!
This guy’s name was Du Nan, and he was Du Ziteng’s only son!
Although he was a bit foppish and pompous, he wasn’t bad-hearted and didn’t bully the ordinary residents of Penglai Island!
It was this name that made Chen Ping speechless for half a day!
It feels like the person who gave these two sons their names has a long-standing feud with the Du family …………