Shortly after Chen Ping walked out of Zhu Ling’s courtyard, he saw that Elder Yu followed by Wei Qing was actually waiting for him and did not leave!
“Junior Brother, what is Senior Sister Zhu Ling calling for you to stay?It can’t be that they are really giving you a striptease, right?”
Wei Qing followed Chen Ping and joked!
“Shut up!”Elder Yu glared at Wei Qing and then said to Chen Ping, “Missy is also a bitter person, I hope you won’t make things difficult for her.”
Elder Yu did not want Chen Ping to make things difficult for Zhu Ling, if he really made Zhu Ling strip and dance, that would be a bit too much!
“I understand!”Chen Ping nodded!
And right at this moment, a Purple Flame Sect disciple hurriedly came, “Elder Yu, Sect Master Huo is waiting in the council hall, requesting all elders to go to the council hall immediately!”
“This Huo Yuan Ting, what is he going to do again?”When Wei Qing heard this, his brows furrowed!
Elder Yu’s face also changed slightly, “Another sudden meeting at this time, is it because of that Huo Dong’s matter?”
“Elder Yu, I’m not sure what’s going on, the Sect Master just asked you all to go forward immediately!”
The disciple said!
“Alright, I’ll go over right away!”Elder Yu nodded!
He then instructed Wei Qing and Chen Ping, “You guys go back to your mansion, don’t run around, that Huo Dong is back, he definitely wants to establish his authority in the Purple Flame Sect, so save yourself from inviting trouble!”
“Understood master!”
Wei Qing nodded!
Elder Yu walked back while Wei Qing followed Chen Ping back to the mansion!
But just as he walked to the entrance of the mansion, he saw that there were surprisingly quite a number of people surrounding the entrance!
One of the leaders was that Huo Dong, beside Huo Dong was Liu Sh*tong who was on crutches.
Liu Sh*tong hadn’t recovered yet, and his movements were supported by his crutches.
As for Qian Xiu, he brought a dozen disciples to guard the entrance and follow Huo Dong to confront him!
“Qian Xiu, I’ve been away for these years, you’re really getting more and more watery, now that Elder Hu is locked up, you guys don’t even have a master, you have no one to turn to, do you want to follow me and mix with me, I promise to get you drunk night after night.”
Huo Dong looked at Qian Xiu with lustful eyes and asked!
“I pooh, Huo Dong you lecherous thief, sooner or later, you will be castrated and made an invalid.”
Qian Xiu spat viciously!
“Qian Xiu, how dare you, now that Senior Brother Huo Dong is already the Young Sect Master of the Violet Flame Sect, how dare you talk to him like that?”
Liu Sh*tong roared at Qian Xiu!
“He was expelled from the Violet Flame Sect a long time ago, he is not a disciple of the Violet Flame Sect at all, he is a fart of a Young Sect Master.”
Qian Xiu said coldly!
“Regardless of whether I am the Young Sect Master or not, if I want to play with you, who dares to stop me?”
The corner of Huo Dong’s mouth lifted as he reached out and grabbed towards Qian Xiu!
Qian Xiu wanted to dodge, but he realised that he was enveloped by Huo Dong’s aura and had no way to move, this time Qian Xiu panicked!
However, just as Huo Dong was about to grab Qian Xiu, a figure suddenly blocked in front of Qian Xiu!
With a breath stirring, Huo Dong’s breath was instantly crushed and Qian Xiu regained her freedom!
Huo Dong froze and sized up the person in front of him!
“Senior Brother Huo Dong, this fellow is Elder Yu’s newly recruited disciple, Cheng Ping.”
Liu Sh*tong’s eyes were filled with anger after seeing Chen Ping!
Huo Dong sized up Chen Ping and said with the corner of his mouth, “So you’re the guy who defeated Liu Sh*tong and entered the inner disciples, you look quite normal too.”
“Do you dare to compete with me?Today, I will beat all of you who are not convinced, all of you ……”
“Are you worthy to compare with me?”Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with disdain!
Huo Dong did not expect Chen Ping to be so rampant, his brows furrowed slightly as his aura erupted once again!
“Young master, calm your anger, the master of the door has explained, you can’t cause any trouble in these two days, the master of the door still has important things to do today, you can’t spoil the big event!”
At this time, a disciple behind Huo Dong hurriedly reminded!
When Huo Dong heard this, he suppressed the anger in his heart.
He knew that a plenary meeting of the elders would be held today, wanting to use this to open the Divine Volcano!
If there was a conflict at this time, he was afraid that it would affect the meeting to open the Divine Volcano!