“Soul Demon Sect’s Patriarch Jiang? What is he doing here?”
Zeng Nian’an froze, but still stopped and said “Please ask Patriarch Jiang to come in ……”
After saying that, Zeng Nian An turned around and sat back down again, then said to that elder “You go to the entrance of the cave first, I’ll be right there!”
That elder nodded before turning around and leaving!
Soon, Patriarch Jiang led Chen Ping and the others into the hall!
“Sect Master Zeng, what an intrusion to visit ……”
As soon as Patriarch Jiang entered, he said politely!
“Patriarch Jiang’s great visit, I’m more than happy, where is the disturbance, please have a seat ……”
Zeng Nian An personally greeted Patriarch Jiang and sat down!
Then ordered someone to bring up top grade spirit tea, from this, it could be seen that this Zeng Nian’an still had a lot of respect for Patriarch Jiang!
“Sect Master Zeng, I came to the Heavenly Demon Sect this time because I have something I want to ask Sect Master Zeng for help!”
Patriarch Jiang said after taking a sip of tea!
“Patriarch Jiang, you have helped my Heavenly Demon Sect before, allowing so many of my disciples to remould their flesh and come back to life, so whatever you have to do, just say it!”
“As long as I can do it, I definitely won’t put it off, I’ll have no problem going up a mountain of swords and down a sea of fire.”
Zeng Nian’an patted his chest and said!
Seeing Zeng Nian An say so, Patriarch Jiang was also quite relieved, so he said, “Sect Master Zeng, I want to get a Heavenly Demon Stone from your Heavenly Demon Sect, I have a friend who needs to reshape his physical body, and he needs a Heavenly Demon Stone!”
“Need a Heavenly Demon Stone?”
When Zeng Nian An heard this, his face turned ugly!
Seeing this, Patriarch Jiang hurriedly said “Sect Master Zeng, although that Heavenly Demon Stone is incredibly rare, to your Heavenly Demon Sect, a Heavenly Demon Stone shouldn’t be anything, right?”
“Patriarch Jiang, it’s not that I’m petty and won’t give you a Heavenly Demon Stone, but my Heavenly Demon Sect only has one Heavenly Demon Stone at this moment.”
“You also know what happened to our Heavenly Demon Sect half a year ago, in fact, after that time, almost all of the Heavenly Demon Stones within my Heavenly Demon Sect were taken away, leaving only one!”
Zeng Nian An said somewhat helplessly!
“Ah ……”
When Patriarch Jiang heard this, he was instantly shocked!
If the Heavenly Demon Sect only had one Heavenly Demon Stone left, then it was definitely impossible to give it to them!
“Sect Master Zeng, I heard that your Heavenly Demon Sect’s Technique Intensive has been placed under a taboo, and that if anyone can bring out your Heavenly Demon Sect’s Technique Intensive, you will give it to them in the form of a Heavenly Demon Stone?”
At this time, Chen Ping opened his mouth and asked!
Zeng Nian’an turned his head to look at Chen Ping, who at this moment had changed his appearance and reappeared as a middle-aged man with a full beard!
“Sect Master Zeng, this is a friend of mine surnamed Cheng, it is he who needs the Heavenly Demon Stone!”
Patriarch Jiang hurriedly introduced him!
Once Zeng Nian An heard this, he then nodded his head and said “You’re right, if you can bring out our Heavenly Demon Sect’s technique intensively, I can gift you the last Heavenly Demon Stone!”
“That’s good, please also ask Sect Master Zeng to take me to the forbidden land, if I can take out the Gong Fa Intensive, I still hope that Sect Master Zeng’s word will be true, if we cannot take it out, we will turn our heads and leave!”
Chen Ping said!
He knew that this was the only way to make the Heavenly Demon Sect willingly take out the Heavenly Demon Stone!
“Good!” Zeng Nian’an got up and then led Chen Ping as they headed towards the mountain cave!
Zeng Nian An knew that that mountain cave was not something that just anyone could go into, and since Chen Ping himself had said so, then let him give it a try!
At that time, when Chen Ping was thrown out of the mountain cave, he would not be able to blame him for not giving the Heavenly Demon Stone!
That way, Patriarch Jiang would have nothing to say and would not make him feel that Zeng Nian An was not giving face!
In front of the cave cave that Zeng Nian An brought Chen Ping and the others to, the Heavenly Demon Sect’s Elder was guarding the entrance of the cave, and when he saw that Zeng Nian An had come over, he rushed over!
“How’s it going?” Zeng Nian An asked!
“It’s still inside, I reckon there’s a chance ……”
The elder was very excited and said!