Chen Ping gritted his teeth to death, he knew Fan Jiang was deliberately stimulating himself like this, but Chen Ping simply couldn’t control himself!
Chen Ping’s body was rising with killing intent!
One pair of eyes was staring deadly at Fan Jiang, hating to bite him to death!
“No need to look at me like that, come and kill me if you are capable, if you don’t kill me, then I will continue to suck your girlfriend’s blood, maybe I will even kill her …………”
Fan Jiang laughed heatedly with a smile that had a bit of evil in it!
“Go to hell ……”
Chen Ping was completely enraged!
At this moment, he would no longer consider escaping!
Seeing the enraged Chen Ping, a satisfied smile appeared on Fan Jiang’s face!
Chen Ping’s body glowed with a faint golden light, and his entire body was like a meteor, heading straight for Fan Jiang.
Fan Jiang was unperturbed, his right hand slid in front of his chest, a light was rapidly gathering!
Boom!
Fan Jiang smashed out his fist, his huge fist instantly smashed into Chen Ping’s chest!
This blow from Fan Jiang directly activated the life-preservation rune on Chen Ping’s body!
A huge force caused Fan Jiang’s whole body to fly backwards instantly.
And Chen Ping fell to the ground, looking at the instant rune on his chest, the life preserving rune had now disappeared into ashes!
Chen Ping knew that without the life-preservation rune, the blow Fan Jiang had just dealt, he would have been dead for sure!
Fan Jiang got up and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, “What a powerful life-preservation rune, but now I’ll see what else you can use to protect your life ……”
Fan Jiang walked towards Chen Ping step by step, his aura soaring a few points with each step, bringing endless oppression to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping knew that with his current strength, to follow Fan Jiang in a fight would be to hit a rock with an egg!
Slowly getting up, Chen Ping took a deep breath before saying with a firm look in his eyes, “Let’s fight ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping fiercely bit down and a mouthful of blood from the tip of his tongue instantly spurted out.
Immediately after the blood mist was quickly absorbed by Chen Ping’s body, the aura on Chen Ping’s body then began to climb rapidly.
Chen Ping’s cultivation was growing rapidly, the golden light on his body was flourishing, and the Incorruptible Golden Body was reactivated!
“Burning essence blood? It seems that your girlfriend is really important to you ……”
Fan Jiang’s eyes narrowed slightly!
He knew the consequences of burning his essence blood, once he burned it and forcibly raised his cultivation, then his future cultivation would be affected for fear that if he burned it all up, then he would be completely reduced to a wastrel and would never be able to cultivate!
Fan Jiang didn’t expect that Chen Ping would be so enraged by his own two words that he would burn up his essence blood to fight for his life!
But Fan Jiang was not afraid, even if Chen Ping burned his blood and forcibly raised his cultivation level, it was still a hundred thousand miles away from his own.
He was now at the peak of Martial Marquis, simply incomparable to Chen Ping.
“Go to hell ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry, a cold glint in his eyes, a golden light encircled above his fists!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
A soaring wind instantly blew up, the fist wind Huo Huo, with an aura of death coming head on towards Fan Jiang!
A crack appeared beneath Chen Ping’s feet, spreading densely for tens of metres!
It was clear that Chen Ping had used all his spiritual power in this punch!
The smile on Fan Jiang’s face instantly froze, replaced by an incomparably heavy one!
Then, with a loud cry, he threw a fist at him!
Boom!
The Holy Light Fist followed Fan Jiang’s breath and collided!
The rocks and mountains rumbled and began to crumble!
The earth trembled as smoke and dust rose in all directions!
Fan Jiang’s body took several steps backwards, as Chen Ping’s cultivation level had increased, so had his strength!
But before the smoke and dust cleared, Chen Ping’s figure suddenly emerged from the smoke and dust, and endless light flashed above Chen Ping’s fists!
Fan Jiang was stunned and raised his hand to strike a barrier, but unfortunately, the barrier was instantly penetrated, followed by a solid punch to the chest from Chen Ping!