“Senior brother, don’t be rude, why are you talking after the Referee Elder!”
Seeing this, Wei Qing hurriedly reprimanded Chen Ping!
And that referee elder’s face turned green with anger!
“You ungrateful fellow, since you want to compete, then continue!”
The referee elder directly stepped down from the stage and restarted the formation!
This time, Wei Qing and Qian Xiu both panicked!
Liu Sh*tong, on the other hand, was filled with a cold smile, “Kid, you’re really seeking your own death, since you want to die so badly, I’ll fulfil you!”
Liu Sh*tong’s hands kept waving, and a scorching hot flame flooded the entire martial arts stage!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had a happy heart and did not move a muscle as he allowed that flame to burn!
The more of this Supreme Flame there was, the more of that mauve-coloured Supreme Flame there was in it!
In this way, Chen Ping could make use of this opportunity to see if he could refine this lavender-coloured supreme fire!
Chen Ping let out a painful scream from his mouth, but his face was filled with a smile as he continued to absorb that lavender flame from the Supreme Flame!
The screams stopped in that Liu Sh*tong’s ears, but it excited him!
“Scream, the louder you scream, the more excited I am ……”
Liu Sh*tong’s face was full of smugness as he kept increasing to the flames!
Wei Qing and Qian Xiu listened to Chen Ping’s miserable screams, both of them were anxious!
“Ai, this young master is really seeking his own death, a good rich second generation, why is his brain following as if he has a problem.”
Qian Xiu sighed!
Such a rich young man, Qian Xiu was moved, but unfortunately the brain is not good, the mouth is still hard, this is not a proper fool!
Wei Qing also let out a sigh and pondered on how to explain to his master!
An inner disciple’s examination had ended up evolving into a life and death fight!
Everyone was dumbfounded as they watched Chen Ping being scorched by that to fire!
And Chen Ping’s miserable screams were quite creepy!
One incense stick!
Two incense sticks!
Three incense sticks ……
Liu Sh*tong’s forehead had a cold sweat on it, and the flames erupting from within the Black Demon Lotus began to weaken!
But Chen Ping’s voice was still coming out, still screaming miserably!
How long had this been going on, just not dying, still screaming all the time!
Although the screaming was very miserable, there was no sign of it weakening that could be heard, the voice was still so loud!
“Ah …… burn me, it’s too hot ……”
“Don’t burn anymore, I’m dying!”
“In burning a while, I will become ash!”
Chen Ping gap in addition to to the fire was surprisingly getting weaker, so he screamed even more vigorously!
He hoped that Liu Sh*tong would hold on for a little longer and not extinguish the Supreme Flame so quickly!
Liu Sh*tong gritted his teeth, his entire being going crazy!
But at this time, he didn’t want to give up, obviously Chen Ping was about to die, if he gave up at this time, wouldn’t the front be a lost cause!
Liu Sh*tong could only grit his teeth and hold on, but the Supreme Flame in his body could not hold on for much longer!
Especially the Top Secret Supreme Flame, Liu Sh*tong had not been able to refine and master it for a very long time!
Now that the lavender colour of the Supreme Flame was almost exhausted, and the Black Demon Lotus could not hold on any longer!
One must know that releasing the Black Devil Lotus had a huge backlash on Liu Sh*tong’s body!
After such a long time, Liu Sh*tong’s body had already suffered severe damage!
After this battle, Liu Sh*tong was expected to recuperate for a long time!
“Damn, this guy is half dead anyway, even if I can’t burn him, I’ll beat him to death!”
Thinking of this, Liu Sh*tong put back all of his to fire!
Chen Ping was still screaming miserably, and did not pay attention to Liu Sh*tong’s withdrawal of the Supreme Flame.
The crowd saw that Chen Ping was unharmed, but he was writhing his body, pretending to be miserable and shouting!
“Burning me to death, this Supreme Fire is so powerful!”
“My arms are burning off.”
Chen Ping was still shouting!
When Liu Sh*tong saw this scene, his person was dumbfounded!
What was this situation?
He himself had suffered a backlash and even went so far as to expose the top secret to fire of the Purple Flame Sect, how come Chen Ping seemed to be unharmed in the end?
Moreover, looking at Chen Ping’s appearance, it was obvious that he was just pretending!