Hearing Su Tianshuo say this, a trace of surprise clearly flashed through the eyes of the crowd, but they did not open their mouths!
Su Tianshuo, on the other hand, continued, “Whether it is the Apothecary Guild or the major families, there has always been an open and secret struggle.”
“In this regard, Yongle City’s Bao Family Master and Diao Family Master should have the most experience, now that the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family are joined in marriage, Zhong Pill Honour has also become a member of the Zhen Family, as well as that Chen Ping who came out of nowhere, was also brought by that Zhen Ni of the Zhen Family who had been away for decades.”
“Now that the strength of the Zhen Family and the Zhou Family is clearly not something that the other lineages can contend with, the Bao Family and the Diao Family will definitely be annexed by then.”
“And this time, the Pill Masters’ Conference might be the time to reshuffle the cards, Pill God Island would not be so kind as to invite the crowd here, as far as I know, Pill God Island was threatened, that’s why it desperately wanted the Pill Masters’ Conference to be opened in Pill God Island.”
After Su Tianshuo spoke these words to the crowd, the crowd instantly exploded a bit!
“President Su, what’s going on here? If you knew, why didn’t you say so in the first place and still let us come to Medicine God Island?”
“Who would dare to endanger Pill God Island? Medicine God Island’s strength can’t be underestimated now!”
“Medicine God Island was threatened and asked us to come as a shield?”
The crowd asked in great confusion!
“President Su, what do you mean by that? All of us trust you very much, you don’t have to sell us short.”
Pao Longxing, the head of the Pao family, asked!
“Right, we are now a community of interest, so don’t hide it from us.”
Diao Changmin, the Diao family head, said!
“Do you guys know about the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect?”Su Tianshuo asked!
“Of course I know, isn’t it that sect that knows both the art of medicine and the art of formation?”
“This Zhentian Dharma Sect is all about trickery, they only know a little bit about medical arts, but their formation arts are really good.”
“If I remember correctly, this Zhentian Dharma Sect should be a demonic cultivation sect, right?”
The crowd said!
“President Su, what relationship does this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect have with Pill God Island? Could it be that this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect is threatening Pill God Island?”
Bao Longxing asked!
“That’s right, the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect also knows that Pill God Island is the place where the Pill God fell and wants to take over Pill God Island, while Pill God Island has taken out a large amount of resources to allow all of us to come to Pill God Island to start the Pill God Conference, it’s also for the purpose of gathering all of us and helping to resist the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect only!”
Su Tianshuo nodded his head and said!
The crowd was all a bit baffled, then said in confusion, “President Su, how do you know about these things? Could it be that someone from Pill God Island told you?”
“Of course not!”Su Tianshuo shook his head, “Because I’ve already followed the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect to co-operate, so of course I know!”
The moment Su Tianshuo’s words fell, everyone was all in an uproar!
Some people even got up violently and looked at Su Tianshuo incredulously, “President Su, could it be that you are a devil cultivator?”
“Of course I’m not a demonic cultivator, who said that only demonic cultivators can follow the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect to co-operate.”
“I gathered you all in secret, and I also gave special instructions about this matter, when the time comes for us to follow the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect to co-operate from the inside, Pill God Island will be ours.”
“No matter what resources there are on Pill God Island, they will also be those of us, and no one will share them equally with us.”
“And those other pill masters, if they are sensible, we’ll take them in, if they are not, we’ll kill them without mercy!”
“At that time, in the entire Celestial Realm, we’ll be the only ones in control of the medicinal arts, and no matter how powerful the clans are, they’ll always beg for us.”
Su Tianshuo’s eyes flashed with greed!
A small Western Region’s Pharmacist Association President would not satisfy him at all, what he wanted was the entire Celestial Realm!
He wanted to control the medical arts of the entire Celestial Realm, and at that time, he would have whatever resources he wanted!