The Demon Spirit Sect Patriarch was silent for a moment, then continued, “I can also tell you a secret ……”
“What secret?” Chen Ping asked.
“Right now, the aura is about to recover, but everyone is searching for where the place of recovery is, but I can tell you right now where the place of recovery is, and if you lay out now, you will definitely be able to gain great benefits in the future!”
The Demon Spirit Sect Patriarch said.
“Don’t be a mother-in-law, if you don’t tell me, then I will leave, if you want me to give you the Blood Demon Flesh without letting out some blood, that is impossible.”
Chen Ping said bluntly.
“It is Penglai Island, that place where the aura is the first to recover, is Penglai Island, and that is why the Blood Demon has sealed its flesh body on Penglai Island.”
The Devil Spirit Sect Patriarch said hurriedly, fearing that Chen Ping’s would really go away.
“Penglai Island?”
Chen Ping faintly stared, his brows frowning slightly.
No wonder Penglai Island had been experiencing a lot of visions recently, and Long Xingxu and the others could not stay any longer and had to return to Kyoto!
It seemed that this should be a precursor to the revival of spiritual energy!
“Is this it?” Chen Ping asked, pretending to be uninterested.
“Yes, that’s all I can offer you ……”
The Demonic Spirit Sect Patriarch said.
“Then forget it, I feel it’s too uneconomical, the cooperation between us, the fairness needed, I hand over the Blood Demon Flesh while you can’t give me anything, why should I cooperate with you?”
“If I hand over the Blood Demon Flesh to the Demon Heart Sect, maybe they will let my girlfriend go, without me even having to find out where their secret realm is by myself!”
Chen Ping said slowly.
“Then what do you want?”
The Demonic Spirit Sect’s Patriarch seemed to be a little anxious.
He was probably really afraid that Chen Ping had given the Blood Demon’s flesh to that Demonic Heart Sect!
“I want resources, precious herbs that are tens of thousands of years old, it’s not hard for a sect like yours in a secret realm, right?”
Chen Ping laughed!
At these words, Chen Ping could not see the expression of that Demonic Spirit Sect Leader, but that Song Qingping’s face turned incomparably ugly by the way!
Chen Ping was only saying this to test them to see if the place he had found was the Demon Spirit Sect’s resource place or not!
But looking at that Song Qingping’s expression, it didn’t seem like it!
“Mr. Chen, I hope you have to know the value of a ten thousand year old medicinal herb, that doesn’t just happen.”
“We’ve been living in the secret realm, resources are already scarce, where can we find ten thousand year old herbs?”
“I hope Mr. Chen is still being practical and not deliberately making things difficult for us.”
Song Qingping followed Chen Ping and explained.
Chen Ping looked at Song Qingping, obviously not quite convinced, and asked, “There are so many of you in the Demon Spirit Sect, since there are no resources in the secret realm, where do you get your cultivation resources from?”
“I’m not going to hide it from Mr. Chen, many of our resources are acquired outside to support the cultivation of all the disciples of the Demon Spirit Sect!”
Chen Ping frowned: “Since you do not say when and are insincere, then we should not talk about today’s cooperation, it is meaningless ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and walked out the door!
Seeing this, Song Qingping hurriedly stepped forward to stop Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, how can you say that …… I am not lying to you at all.”
“Do you take me for a fool? Nowadays, resources are very expensive and scarce, what family is willing to sell them and keep your Demon Spirit Sect for so many years.”
“It’s obvious that your Demon Spirit Sect has its own place of resources, and you don’t trust me, so you deceive me.”
After Chen Ping finished his analysis, he then made a sideways turn and continued to walk outside.
“Mr. Chen, wait a moment ……”
Song Qingping stopped Chen Ping, then his eyes flashed with a look of embarra*sment, but in the end, he clenched his teeth and said, “I won’t hide it from Mr. Chen, it’s true that our Demon Spirit Sect doesn’t have any resource lands, but the old ancestor left behind a map, and every time a precious herb comes out, the map will show it!”
“For so many years, our Demon Spirit Sect has obtained quite a lot of resources just based on the directions of the map.”