Everyone was overwhelmed by this terrifying aura, and their hearts were very tense, but not a single person stepped forward!
Even those pill masters who had no strength at all, not a single one of them stood out just to stay alive!
“Since each of you are standing out, then don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
The one-eyed dragon’s eyes narrowed and the killing intent on his body grew even stronger!
“Who the hell are you people? Why are you barging into the Pill God Valley, don’t you know who our Valley Master is?”
Xu Changsheng stood out and questioned the one-eyed dragon.
“Haha, isn’t your valley master that Chen Ping? What do you expect him to do now that he’s not known to be alive or dead?”
“Now be good and listen to me, and I can guarantee your safety.”
The one-eyed dragon laughed loudly.
Xu Changsheng didn’t say anything, seeing as how all these people still thought that Chen Ping was missing and his life or death was unknown!
Unbeknownst to them, Chen Ping was now inside the Pill God Valley!
As long as they delayed for a while, when Chen Ping arrived, none of these people would be able to escape!
“I am an elder of the Pill God Valley, and now that the Valley Master is not here, I am in charge here, if we, the Pill Masters, go with you, can you let the others go?”
“If you don’t agree, I can guarantee that not a single one of your living pill masters will be taken away ……”
Xu Changsheng threatened at the one-eyed dragon.
The one-eyed dragon frowned and thought for a moment before saying, “Fine, I promise you, now immediately have all the pill masters of your Pill God Valley come forward ……”
Xu Changsheng nodded, then faced the crowd, his eyes following the Four Villains and Zhao Liguo as they exchanged glances!
The crowd also knew what Xu Changsheng meant, as long as they stalled for time, when Chen Ping found out what was going on here, he would rush back.
“All Pill God Valley’s pill masters listen to my orders, all stand to the side ……”
Xu Changsheng shouted to the crowd.
With Xu Changsheng’s order, those Pill Masters slowly began to walk out from the crowd!
Seeing these pill masters walking out, that one-eyed dragon gave a wink to the men he had brought with him!
As long as they were controlled, the rest of them could be killed without mercy ……
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.
Seeing the figure falling from the sky, everyone in the Pill God Valley breathed a sigh of relief!
The person who came was none other than Chen Ping.
“Who are you people? How dare you come to my Pill God Valley and spill the beans?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked coldly at the one-eyed dragon.
“Chen Ping?”
The one-eyed dragon’s face changed slightly, “So you have been hiding in the Pill God Valley all along, it seems that today I am going to take great credit.”
Swish …………
There was a flash of golden light while the one-eyed dragon’s body was thrown up high, followed by a crisp slap!
The one-eyed dragon was slapped so hard that his teeth fell out!
“I asked you a question, who are you people?”
Chen Ping’s biting eyes caused a chill to run down the one-eyed dragon’s back.
“We are from the Dragon Family, we have been ordered to exterminate the Pill God Valley, we didn’t expect to meet you, if we can capture you back, Young Master Long will definitely reward you heavily ……”
The one-eyed dragon had been slapped, but his eyes were slightly narrowed and there was excitement in his eyes!
“With you stinking fish and shrimps, you want to catch me too?”
Chen Ping burst into a cold laugh!
The one-eyed dragon’s face was gloomy, with a face of anger, “Chen Ping, don’t think you can defeat me just because you just succeeded in sneaking attacking me, you burned your essence blood, even if you have recovered for such a long time, it is impossible for you to return to your peak, if you are sensible, you will be good enough to tie your hands and still be spared the pain of skin and flesh …… ”
“Tranquility, so much f*cking nonsense ……”
Chen Ping said, turning his finger into a sword, a golden light shot out from Chen Ping’s finger only in a rush!
The one-eyed dragon did not have time to react, then saw his left arm, don’t flush cut off!
Blood instantly gushed out, and the one-eyed dragon’s eyes were filled with shock!