A glorious flash of light burst forth, and Chen Ping could only feel a tremendous force invading along the Zenglong Sword in his thoughts!
This power was so fierce that even the power of the divine dragon within Chen Ping’s body was instantly shattered!
Chen Ping felt that his dantian was instantly filled with power, and that power was still pouring into his dantian unceasingly!
It seemed to be about to burst Chen Ping’s dantian straight away.
Chen Ping’s entire body glowed red, and this red light even reflected half of the sky!
The Dragon Cutting Sword turned blood red!
As the fierce power continued to pour into Chen Ping’s body, cracks began to appear in the dazzlingly coloured jewel!
The cracks grew bigger and bigger, and in the end the jewel shattered with a sound!
Seeing this, Tiger Li Daxian hurriedly let go of the sceptre in his hand and backed up!
There was a bit of panic in his eyes!
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping hissed, he felt like his entire body was about to burst!
Looking at Chen Ping in front of him, Tiger Li Daxian’s body was trembling slightly.
“Is Lord Blood …… Blood Demon going to show himself?”
Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes were filled with panic, at this moment the mighty pressure on Chen Ping’s body was causing him to fall to his knees!
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with blood and soon became scarlet as well!
“Ah …………”
With another roar, the aura on Chen Ping’s body exploded once again, a hurricane blew through and the scene was instantly rocky!
Tiger Li Daxian fought back against that hurricane with deadly force, while Du Ziteng and Du Nan were directly blown a hundred meters away and fell heavily to the ground!
“I will never let you control me ……”
Suddenly, a golden light flashed across Chen Ping’s brow, followed by the recitation of the Clear Heart Mantra under his breath!
At the same time, the talisman that Pocky Hu had left behind flew straight out of Chen Ping’s arms, followed by turning into a flame that burned up.
The burning smoke went up Chen Ping’s nose and into his body!
Chen Ping mouthed the Clear Heart Mantra, while his body desperately ran the Heart Condensation Technique and began to refine this incredibly powerful force within his body!
The red light in Chen Ping’s body began to fade, and eventually disappeared completely.
At this moment, Chen Ping had also returned to his original form, but the aura on his body had clearly skyrocketed!
“Thanks to that talisman of Master Hu ……”
Chen Ping let out a long breath!
He didn’t expect that a tiny gemstone contained such great power within it that it almost took over his body!
Tiger Li Daxian looked at Chen Ping, originally full of confidence, but now it was gone, all that was left was the panic in his eyes!
“Without that scepter, I’ll see what else you can use against me, what other moves do you have, feel free to use them!”
Chen Ping said as he looked coldly at that Tiger Li Daxian.
Tiger Li Daxian didn’t say anything, but put his eyes on Du Ziteng and Du Nan!
“You two come over here ……”
Tiger Li Daxian said to the two.
Du Ziteng and Du Nan both froze and surprisingly hesitated for a moment.
Originally, they had always regarded this Tiger Li Daxian as a god.
But now, this Tiger Li Daxian was forced into a downward spiral by Chen Ping, and the two of them actually started to waver a little.
Seeing that the two of them were actually hesitating, Tiger Li Daxian was furious: “Don’t come over yet, do you want to be punished by the gods?”
Only with this roar from Tiger Li Daxian did the duo lean over somewhat reluctantly!
“You dare to be suspicious of the gods, you should be D*mned ……”
“Everything you have is from this Immortal, I can deprive him of it right now ……”
Tiger Power Immortal said, and with a fierce lift of his hand, that Du Ziteng’s body glowed with a burst of light!
“Dad …………”
Seeing this, Du Nan hurriedly shouted.
Du Ziteng, on the other hand, knelt on the ground and desperately begged for mercy: “Please Tiger Li Daxian spare my life, spare my life ……”