Chen Ping, Fire Phoenix, and Bai Shao found the entrance and exit of the Divine Demon Battlefield and then left the Divine Demon Battlefield!
As for when the Divine Demon Battlefield would close, Chen Ping did not care anymore, having obtained the Heaven Swallowing Beast had already made Chen Ping very happy!
There was also that Fire Resisting Steps and the Breath Mimicking Grand Technique, as long as one drilled into them properly, they would definitely be able to become more and more refined!
These were true Immortal arts!
After Chen Ping and the three of them left the Divine Demon Battlefield, they found that outside of the Divine Demon Battlefield, many people were gathered at the entrance, waiting for their people to come out!
“Mr Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping come out, Ji Yun hurriedly shouted out!
Ever since Ji Yun followed Luo Xi out early, he hadn’t left the area and had been waiting for Chen Ping!
Now that he saw Chen Ping come out, Ji Yun was filled with excitement!
“Mr Chen, I am relieved that you are safe and sound!”
Sheng Bushi and the others also came out, having been worried about Chen Ping, and now seeing that Chen Ping got rid of Qi Peijia and also came out, they were relieved!
If Chen Ping had a shortcoming, it was expected that Sheng Bushi would feel very guilty!
“Mr Chen …………”
Luo Shouhai, Luo Xi, Jin Dong and the others also came forward and greeted Chen Ping after him!
“Mr Chen, thank you for taking care of my daughter in the middle of the Divine Demon Battlefield, she told me all about it after she came out, if it wasn’t for Mr Chen, I’m afraid that my daughter would have died in there long ago!”
“In the future, as long as Mr Chen has a word, I, Blood Spirit Valley, will never say anything ……”
Luo Shouhai stated in front of Chen Ping!
“Master Luo Valley is polite, since you left Miss Luo’s safety in my hands, of course I’ll be responsible for it.”
“It’s just that the Divine Demon Battlefield was too dangerous and Miss Luo didn’t get to experience it, but this time around, I also had some gains in the Divine Demon Battlefield, so I’ll share some things with your Blood Spirit Valley when the time comes.”
Chen Ping said!
“No, no, Mr Chen has saved my daughter twice now, how would I dare to ask for something from Mr Chen.”
Luo Shouhai waved his hands repeatedly!
Chen Ping saw that Luo Shouhai was sincere and really did not want anything, so he did not insist on it!
Chen Ping now had the Heaven Swallowing Beast, so it was expected that the consumption of resources would be even greater in the future!
Chen Ping himself needed more resources, and now with the addition of a Heaven Swallowing Beast, it would be even more!
“Master Luo Gu, why aren’t we seeing the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder?”
Chen Ping was a little curious as to why the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder was not there!
“Ghost Old Man is at the critical moment of his breakthrough at the moment, so he wasn’t able to wait here, he has already instructed me that if Mr Chen comes out of the Divine Demon Battlefield, make sure that he doesn’t leave the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the Ghost Old Man would still like to follow Mr Chen to have more exchanges and exchanges!”
Luo Shouhai said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he nodded, he also had no intention of leaving the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and there were still some things Chen Ping had not finished in this Heavenly Demon Mountain!
That Qi Peijia had chased Chen Ping several times and had caused Chen Ping to be in such a sorry state, Chen Ping would not let him off easily!
There was also that Devil Swallowing Cave, Chen Ping also wanted to go and see it!
Now that Boss Cai and Old Man Miao and the others had left, Chen Ping didn’t have to worry about anything and could stay in the Heavenly Demon Mountain for some more time!
“Mr Chen, we have to leave as well, here is my Sheng family token, when Mr Chen has time, he still hopes to visit my Sheng family as a guest, so that I can also give Mr Chen a good reception.”
Sheng Bushi said very sincerely to Chen Ping!
“Master Sheng family is polite, I will definitely go when I have time!” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“Mr Chen, don’t forget, you must go ah ……”
Sheng Jiahui was full of smiles and winked towards Chen!
It could be seen that Sheng Jiahui’s eyes were full of admiration, just like a little girl meeting her idol!
Chen Ping nodded with a smile!
The Sheng Family crowd left, and Sheng Jiahui even took three steps and turned back!
“Master, I see that this little girl has taken a liking to you, it won’t be long before you have another woman to warm your bed.”
Fire Phoenix said playfully to Chen Ping!
“Shut up!” Chen Ping looked embarrassed!
After all, it was too embarrassing to say such words in front of Luo Shouhai and the others!