Boulder Village!
The old village chief commanded the crowd to endure great grief and bury the townspeople who were killed by Wu Fei Yu!
At that moment, however, Yun’er ran out, and then frantically started looking for the old woman!
“Old village chief, my granny, where is my granny?”
Yun’er asked as she grabbed the old village chief’s arm!
The old village headman scowled, he didn’t know how to follow Yun’er, should he tell her that her grandmother, who had raised her all her life, was a demon cultivator?
Should he tell her that her grandmother had been taken away?
Seeing the old village chief scowling, Yun’er also seemed to have guessed something and her body trembled slightly!
“Granny, where are you, where are you …………”
Yun’er shouted loudly, but no one answered her!
Yun’er went home helpless, she didn’t know how she was going to live without her granny!
“Brother Chen Ping, wake up, wake up, my granny has disappeared …………”
Yun’er cried out in pain as she lay on top of Chen Ping, she could only find some comfort in his body now!
But at this moment, Chen Ping’s face was pale and his eyes were tightly closed, he couldn’t hear Yun’er’s cries at all!
I don’t know how long it took, but Yun’er was tired of crying and fell into a deep sleep on Chen Ping’s body.
…………
The Five Absolute Views.
Daoist Master Wuji has returned with his two disciples.
“Disciple, give me the jade bottle ……”
Daoist Master Wuji said to his disciple!
Soon, the disciple handed the jade bottle containing the old lady to Daoist Master Wuji.
“You two watch the mountain gate, no one is allowed to enter ……”
Daoist Master Wuji said to the two disciples!
“Yes!” The two disciples nodded their heads!
Then Daoist Master Wuji took the jade vase and slowly walked to the back of the Taoist temple, on one of the stone walls at the back of the temple were carved designs of the Eight Immortals crossing the sea, the designs were as vivid as if they were real people!
With a flash of golden light, Daoist Master Wuji shouted “Open ……”.
The stone wall began to move, slowly opening a dark hole, and when Daoist Wuji walked in, the hole slowly closed!
After walking into the cave, a curtain of light, if any, continued to flicker, and Daoist Wuji did not hesitate to walk through the curtain of light!
After passing through the curtain of light, the scene changed instantly, only to see a green and lush landscape in front of him, with mountains, lakes, birds and beasts!
There were even many villages, large and small, with many people living in them!
Immediately after Daoist Wuji appeared, someone ran over and respectfully shouted “Daoist Master ……”
The Daoist Master Wuji nodded slightly, then opened the stopper on the jade bottle, along with a burst of black mist rushed out from the jade bottle, the figure of the old woman appeared!
When the granny saw the Daoist Master Wuji in front of her, her whole face was ashen and her expression was very tense!
“If you want to kill, just kill, what did you bring me here for?”
The old woman looked around, she had no idea where this was and even less idea what this Daoist Master Wuji was going to do to her!
But the old woman knew that as a demon cultivator, if she fell into the hands of others, she would definitely not end up well, and they were all very cruel in their treatment of demon cultivators!
There were even deals in the black market to buy and sell demon cultivators, where they could be traded for all kinds of resources!
So once a demon cultivator is exposed and caught, the best thing to do is to commit suicide, never to be caught, or else life is worse than death!
“You don’t need to be nervous, I won’t kill you!”
Daoist Wuji smiled slightly and said, “I only put you away to save you.”
“Save me?” The old woman’s face was full of confusion!
“Your demon cultivator identity is exposed, sooner or later you will be caught, if I don’t take you in, you will also be taken away by others.”
“I brought you here to save you, you can see what kind of people are here ……”
Daoist Master Wuji said!