Yun Li’s eyes were full of love as he looked towards Shi Lan and said with a faint smile, “Needless to say the high person behind that Chen Ping, even if it is that Chen Ping, I’m not necessarily a match for him, my strength is equal to that Luo Ta’s, if he can kill that Luo Ta, he can definitely kill me too!”
“Then you still went to find that Chen Ping?”
Shi Lan looked at Yun Li with uncertainty, knowing that it was death, why would he still go!
Yun Li, however, smiled faintly, “I’m looking for that Chen Ping, not necessarily to take revenge, if I don’t take revenge, what reason would that Chen Ping have to kill me?”
“You …………”
Shi Lan looked at Yun Li, somewhat unable to guess him!
And Zuo Tianzheng was even more confused at the moment, what was this 10th Hall looking for that Chen Ping, not revenge?
“The world says that my divine race is arrogant and haughty, but not all divine races are like this, I know my own strength, and I also know how many kilograms I have, all I hold in awe at all times!”
“Father doesn’t like me, and even disowns me as his son, not entirely because I like you, but also because I’m not arrogant enough and always underestimate myself!”
Yun Li slowly said!
Listening to Yun Li’s words, Zuo Tianzheng was even more confused, but he didn’t dare to ask more questions, right now, he was just a leader, as long as he brought these people to Xiao Dynasty, his mission was complete!
“Know why I like you? It’s because of your character ……”
Shi Lan leaned on Yun Li’s shoulder, a happy smile spreading across her face!
…………
South End City!
Chen Ping with the youngest sister has arrived, this way of running around, the youngest sister to exhaustion, after all, her strength and Chen Ping is no way to compare!
But the freshness that the outside world gave her also made Missy Sister forget her tiredness!
“The world outside this Beast City, is really big ah ……”
Missy said with emotion!
To know that the Celestial Realm had five major domains, a Southern Domain’s Heavenly Demon Mountain was already a behemoth, as long as ten thousand miles away!
And Beast City was only an existence in a corner of the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
So Beast City is just a drop in the ocean compared to the Celestial Realm!
That’s why Missy was so shocked, shocked that this heaven and earth was too big!
“After following me for a while, you will be able to see more of the world.”
Looking at the youngest sister that way, Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Seeing the world can be, but this kind of running around, is also too tiring, this spiritual energy on my body all used in flying.”
The youngest sister frowned slightly and said!
“Don’t worry, when we receive Ji Yun in a while, we can take the airship and don’t have to fly around by ourselves.”
Chen Ping said!
“Blimp, what is a blimp?”
Missy asked curiously!
“You’ll understand when you see it!”
Chen Ping did not explain, after all, following the youngest sister’s explanation, he could not explain!
The current Missy was like Liu Lou Lou entering the Grand View Garden, curious about everything and not understanding anything!
When Chen Ping found Ji Yun, Ji Yun saw the youngest sister beside Chen Ping and couldn’t help but be slightly stunned!
“Mr Chen, what is this girl??”
Ji Yun asked!
“Her name is Missy, she has no one to rely on, she followed me all the way here, she is a Beast Clan member!”
Chen Ping said!
“Hello, my name is Ji Yun.”Ji Yun generously stretched out his hand and shook it after Missy!
“You’re just called Ji Yun ah, do you have a dirigible ah, what is a dirigible, can you show me?”
The youngest sister saw Ji Yun and said curiously!
“This ……”
Ji Yun froze, then looked at Chen Ping!
“You release the dirigible and show her around, also let her get familiar with it, I’ll go and follow Pavilion Master Qian to say goodbye, this time when I leave South End City, I won’t know when I’ll be able to come back!”
Chen Ping asked Ji Yun to take Missy to take a look at the airship, while he went to the Wantong Pavilion to look for the Qian Pavilion Master!
Chen Ping was looking for that Pavilion Master Qian, firstly to say goodbye, and secondly to ask about the matter of the Red Cloud Demon Lord’s skeleton!
“Alright, I understand!”
Ji Yun nodded!
Since following Chen Ping, Ji Yun had also become much more mature and stable!