“Brother Chen Ping, wake up, don’t let anything happen to you!”
Yun’er was holding the jade pendant that Chen Ping had once given her, her eyes were full of expectation!
She hoped that Chen Ping would wake up soon, if he didn’t come back to life, Yun’er would feel guilty, after all, her life was saved by Chen Ping!
Just as Yun’er was holding the jade pendant, hoping for Chen Ping to wake up, the dragon wind power that Chen Ping had originally punched into the jade pendant floated out from the pendant and then entered Chen Ping’s body!
It was this same dragon and phoenix power that caused Chen Ping’s shaky body to gain a trace of strength, and Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes!
“Where am I?”
Chen Ping opened his eyes, only to feel that his head was dizzy and his body had no strength. He wanted to get up, but just as he exerted himself, his body was in excruciating pain!
Chen Ping’s whole body had no strength to work, and his arms and legs were not obedient!
But he looked at the old roof and knew that he was in a room!
The other side of Yun’er saw Chen Ping open his eyes, immediately jumped up excitedly, happy to look at Chen Ping said “Brother Chen Ping, you are awake? You’re finally awake ……”
Chen Ping looked at the girl in front of him, a moment of confusion, he did not quite remember this girl, after all, when Chen Ping left Bashi Village, did not have too deep an impression, because he felt that he would not have any more involvement after such a small mountain village!
“Brother Chen Ping, don’t you recognize me? I am Yun’er ah, this is Bashi Village ……”
Yun’er looked at Chen Ping’s confused look and hurriedly said!
Only then did Chen Ping remember, then asked in a daze, “Yun’er, how did I …… end up here?”
Chen Ping could only remember that he had been sucked up by a huge suction force, followed by the shouts of Fire Phoenix, Su Yuqi and the others, chasing after him!
He didn’t know that the black hole was the pa*sage to the Celestial Realm, and now it seems he has arrived in the Celestial Realm!
“Brother Chen Ping, you were badly injured, Brother Ali and I found you when they went hunting, so we saved you, you’ve been unconscious for three days and three nights, I was afraid you wouldn’t wake up!”
Yun’er said!
Chen Ping felt a little bit of strength at that moment, and sat up from the bed with the help of Yun’er, his whole body was still in a bit of a blind state!
Chen Ping carefully recalled everything he could remember!
Aura revived, ask the Daoist clan, Mr. Shi disappeared …………
“Yes, the Divine King’s Bow, where is my Divine King’s Bow?”
Chen Ping suddenly remembered that he hadn’t had time to put the Divine King’s Bow into his storage ring before he fell into a coma, and now that he had arrived in the Celestial Realm, where was the Divine King’s Bow?
He had to know that this was a divine weapon, if he didn’t have the Divine King’s Bow, there was no way for Chen Ping to stop that Ask Haotian!
Although Chen Ping was not strong enough and the Divine King’s Bow failed to hurt Man Hao Tian, the countless arrow feathers stopped Man Hao Tian in his tracks, allowing Mr. Shi to successfully stop the man inside the bronze coffin from coming back to life!
When Yun’er heard this, she knew that Chen Ping was looking for his own weapon and hurriedly said, “Brother Chen Ping, are you looking for your own weapon? I’ve already hidden it for you, I’ll bring it to you ……”
The first thing you need to do is to take out the God King Bow and return it to Chen Ping.
But just as she reached the door, she was blocked in the way by the old woman!
“Granny, Brother Chen Ping is awake, I’ll go and bring him his weapon ……”
Yun’er said happily!
“Yun’er, leave that bow untouched for now, you go out first, I have something to ask him!”
The old woman said!
When Yun’er heard that, she was a bit displeased, after all, that was Chen Ping’s weapon, why not give it to him when he wanted his own weapon?
Seeing that Yun’er did not move, the old woman’s face suddenly turned cold and said, “Go out ……”
The old lady’s sudden reprimand made Yun’er instantly startled and her tears flowed straight out!