After all, they would be concerned about Mr. Shi.
Ding didn’t want to say anything else, but he was interrupted by Chen Ping waving his hand.
“I’ve already made up my mind, you guys should stop talking!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and turned around to walk out of the Valley of Evil.
The Four Great Villains and Zhao Liguo and the others hurriedly sent Chen Ping out.
But just as the group walked out of the valley, a terrifying aura came from not far away.
Immediately afterwards, seven black shadows could be seen, coming from far and near, quickly meeting them.
The seven men in black came in front of Chen Ping and looked at him coldly.
The eyes of the seven men were devoid of any human lustre, like those of a dead man, not even blinking.
Moreover, the aura emanating from these seven men was surprisingly tinged with a corpse aura!
Chen Ping frowned and his face became somewhat grave, he had never felt such an aura before.
While that Ding Da Da’s face changed, “Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns?”
Chen Ping frowned, “What is it? What Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns? Why do I feel that these seven people have a corpse aura on them?”
“Mr. Chen, these seven guys are not human beings, to be exact, they are just seven corpses.”
Ding Da said.
“Corpses?” Chen Ping was a little confused at this point, not understanding why seven corpses, would have such a terrifying aura and why they would act.
“Mr. Chen, it’s a long story, this Seven Deadly Star Sovereign does not refer to these seven people, but to the one who is controlling behind these seven people!”
“This Seven Deadly Astrologer is an evil cultivator who specializes in refining corpses, similar to the corpse king of the Miao Cottage, while that Miao Cottage uses puppet bug control, this Seven Deadly Astrologer doesn’t, he uses spiritual power!”
“And this Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s puppet corpse can be any strength, as long as it’s a corpse, this Seven Deadly Star Sovereign can refine the puppet corpse!”
“But this Seven Deadly Star Sovereign has long since disappeared for many years, so how could puppet corpses suddenly appear here?”
“And these seven guys, judging by their aura, there are at least four Martial Marquis among them ……”
Ding Da said with a face full of confusion.
After hearing this, it dawned on Chen Ping, no wonder there was a strand of corpse aura within these guys’ breath.
“I don’t know this Seven Deadly Star Sovereign ah, I don’t know what he sent these seven guys here for!”
Chen Ping said in amazement.
“I’m not sure either, but the puppet corpses are out, there must be a mission ……”
Ding DaDa was full of vigilance.
Just as Ding Dada’s words fell, he saw seven puppet corpses suddenly charge towards Chen Ping.
The seven puppet corpses moved in unison, all leaping up high in one go.
Immediately afterwards, seven terrifying auras came directly towards Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen, beware ……”
Ding Bu Dada roared as his body fiercely pulled itself up to the ground.
The other few of the Four Great Villains also rose to the sky at the first opportunity, rushing towards the seven puppet corpses.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, backed up sharply, instantly reaching tens of meters away.
And right where he was standing, there was a huge explosion that instantly blew out a deep crater!
Chen Ping’s face became incomparably gloomy as his body glowed with golden light, and a piece of scales began to cover his entire body as his Unbreakable Golden Body activated.
With a reach, the Dragon Chopping Sword appeared on Chen Ping’s hand, then with a fierce glint in his eyes, he headed directly towards those seven puppet corpses.
“D*mn, just a few dead people, and they still want to kill me ……”
Chen Ping was burning with rage.
He didn’t know any Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns at all, but the other party wanted his life, so how could Chen Ping not be angry.
The Dragon Chopping Sword burst into flames, and then stabbed through the chest of a puppet corpse.
Just when Chen Ping thought that one sword would solve one and was about to pull the sword out, he did not expect the puppet corpse to slap Chen Ping’s chest with a fierce slap.
Chen Ping’s body flew backwards, but the puppet corpse that had been pierced through the chest did not even blink as it rushed towards Chen Ping.