“Where’s old bastard Wuji?”
Luo Ta opened his mouth and asked!
Everyone was slightly shocked, and then placed their gazes on Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was a little speechless, looking for Daoist Wuji, why were they all looking at themselves?
It wasn’t like he himself had called out Daoist Wuji!
“Confessor Luo, that young man is Chen Ping, there are strong people behind him, and that Daoist Wuji is also here to help him.”
Patriarch Zhou said as he pointed at Chen Ping!
Luo Ta looked at Chen Ping with a few disdain in his eyes, “That old bastard Wuji is here to help you, so call him out.”
“And the strong man behind you, shout them out together so that I can clean them up together, so as not to waste time.”
“I don’t know where Daoist Wuji is, and he is not here to help me.”Chen Ping shook his head!
“Confessor Luo, this Chen Ping will only appear when he is about to die, when his life is threatened, and the strong man behind him will appear.”
Zuo Tianzheng whispered in Luo Ta’s ear!
“It has to be so troublesome?”
Luo Ta frowned slightly, “To make me take action against a small cultivator of the Transitional Succession realm, wouldn’t I be laughed off the stage?”
“You go and clean up that brat, just injure him badly, don’t get him killed, lest the strong behind him doesn’t come.”
“Obey!”Zuo Tianzheng nodded, but then looked at Patriarch Zhou and said, “Patriarch Zhou, that Chen Ping will be in your hands, you go and clean him up.”
“I’ll go?”When Patriarch Zhou heard this, he was a little reluctant!
“What? You’re a Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivator and you still can’t deal with him, a Transition Realm?”
Zuo Tianzheng’s eyes narrowed slightly and said!
“Alliance Master, this kid can’t just look at his realm, he can cross levels.”
“I’m afraid …………”
Patriarch Zhou didn’t want to make a move because he knew that this guy Chen Ping couldn’t just look at the realm in front of him!
Moreover, he had to save his strength and wait to use it for his escape!
“Don’t you have two more disciples? It’s fine for the three of you to go together.”
“If you don’t do it, then don’t blame me for not being polite.”
Zuo Tianzheng threatened at Patriarch Zhou!
He was there to make Sovereign Zhou make his move, saving this guy from always thinking about running away!
Seeing this, Patriarch Zhou could only nod his head helplessly in agreement and then looked at Chen Ping!
“Kid, do you dare to fight me one on one?”
Patriarch Zhou asked!
Chen Ping looked at that Patriarch Zhou, but shook his head.
“What? You don’t dare? Do you still want to fight in a group?”
“You have to think clearly, if you fight in a group, all of you people will die!”
Patriarch Zhou said!
“I’m not looking for a group fight, I just want to single-handedly challenge the three of you masters and disciples by myself.”
“On your own, it’s really no fun ……”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful smile!
Nowadays, he had already reached the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, and the Dragon Slaying Sword had been restored, and the Sword Spirit Zhong Li had all been restored as well, so a Mahayana Realm fourth ranked cultivator, Chen Ping simply couldn’t look up to!
“Kid, you have a big mouth, want me to destroy your prestige ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping even looked down on their master and disciple, the Heavenly Fury was instantly enraged!
The blood red longsword instantly appeared in his hand, and he leapt forward, heading straight towards Chen Ping!
“Heavenly Fury, do not be reckless ……”
Seeing this, Patriarch Zhou hurriedly reminded loudly!
But at this time, the Heavenly Fury had already charged towards Chen Ping!
The blood-red longsword in his hand cut out ten thousand red lights!
At the second rank of the Mahayana realm, he was considered an expert in this Celestial Realm!
Just this one sword chop caused many people’s faces to change slightly!
“Mr Chen, let me help you ……”
Xiao Jian saw this and wanted to help Chen Ping block this Heavenly Fury.
Xiao Jian’s strength was higher than this Heavenly Fury, so if they were to fight, they would definitely not lose!
“No need, a mere second rank of the Mahayana realm ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand swung in a smooth motion!
Puff!
One could only see a sword awn flying across, while that Heavenly Fury’s body was directly split into two halves!
Blood spattered out, and the internal organs were scattered all over the place!
A cultivator of the second rank of the Mahayana Realm was killed by Chen Ping, a ninth rank of the Transition Realm, with a single swing of his hand!