Chen Ping frowned, his mouth constantly chanting these words!
He didn’t understand what the words really meant, and he couldn’t penetrate them!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, it’s useless for you to beg for forgiveness now ……”
When Gu Kaiyuan saw Chen Ping nagging, he thought he was begging for mercy.
That heaven-defying giant hand, with the power to destroy the heavens and the earth, ruthlessly slapped towards Chen Ping!
Boom!
Finally, the giant hand slapped down so fiercely that a crater over ten metres deep instantly appeared on the ground!
Countless dust flew up, and Chen Ping’s body had long since been buried by the dust!
Looking at Chen Ping, who had disappeared, Gu Kaiyuan let out a long breath, Chen Ping was finally dead!
He didn’t want to die, but he had no choice!
He was forced to give up his life and follow Chen Ping to his death!
“Born here, buried here, it’s a kind of homecoming ……”
Gu Kaiyuan slowly closed his eyes and waited for his power to fade away.
Just then, suddenly there was movement in the deep pit!
Gu Kaiyuan hurriedly opened his eyes to look and found a hand sticking out of a pile of dust, followed by the head.
Chen Ping stood up and shook the dust from his body!
Only to see Chen Ping’s qi and blood burning, his body was covered in a murderous aura, and a terrifying aura enveloped him in mid-air.
“How is this …… possible? Could it be that Chen Ping has broken through?”
Gu Kaiyuan looked at Chen Ping whose aura had transformed and panic appeared in his eyes!
On the other hand, Chen Ping’s eyes were mute, and the words he had just said were still inside his head.
“All things are born from the heart ……”
Chen Ping said, walking up from within the deep pit step by step.
Gu Kaiyuan, who was dumbfounded for a moment, did not strike out at Chen Ping at this time!
“Everything is born from the heart, I get it, I get it …… hahaha …………”
Suddenly, Chen Ping burst out laughing like a madman.
Chen Ping’s eyes then looked towards Gu Kaiyuan, at this moment, in Chen Ping’s eyes, there was only the figure of Gu Kaiyuan, everything else no longer existed.
“Chen Ping, you don’t have to pretend, since I didn’t slap you to death, I’ll slap you once ……”
Gu Kaiyuan said, as that power within his body once again began to rest out of his body, followed by condensing into a huge palm and slapping towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping stared at Gu Kaiyuan with a deadly gaze, surprisingly ignoring the fact that the palm had already slapped over!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping charged straight towards Gu Kaiyuan, paying no heed to the danger that was about to come!
Soon, a scene that made Gu Kaiyuan’s jaw drop in shock appeared, only to see Chen Ping’s body, actually penetrate the huge condensed palm, and then slam his fist fiercely into Gu Kaiyuan’s chest!
Gu Kaiyuan’s face turned pale as his huge body instantly flew backwards.
Climbing up with difficulty, Gu Kaiyuan looked at Chen Ping in shock: “How is it possible? How did it turn out like this?”
“Give up those fancy feats of yours and use your purest power to fight me ……”
Chen Ping slowly spoke.
“Hmph, I just don’t believe it ……”
Gu Kaiyuan snorted coldly, followed by raising his hands, and in an instant a cyclone of qi actually appeared between heaven and earth, followed by countless cyclones converging together and turning into an incomparably huge tornado!
A ray of light struck into that tornado and a burst of flame rose up, instantly turning into a fire tornado!
A distance of hundreds of metres in circumference instantly became incomparably hot in temperature.
With a flick of Gu Kaiyuan’s hand, that tornado of fire engulfed directly towards Chen Ping!
The manic fire tornado was like a purgatory, countless flames turned into a hideous skeleton, baring its teeth towards Chen Ping!
The power that moved heaven and earth and shook the void!
Chen Ping did not dare to be careless, as the power of a divine dragon erupted and he slammed his fist out fiercely!