In the temple lobby, the Third Elder of Xuan Yue Valley looked at the grim-faced Xu Shimao and swelled to his core!
“Hahahaha …… It seems that my divination skills are becoming more and more powerful, even Shen Dianshan’s face reading skills may not be my match!”
The Third Elder laughed out loud, excited that he was able to catch Bai Zhan Tang and also Shen Meng Chen!
“You better let us go, or else my Kyoto White Family will never give up, you are a small Xuan Yue Valley, my White Family will be able to wipe you out!”
Bai Zhan Tang’s face was pale and his eyes were tinged with killing intent as he said.
“Grand Duke Bai, since I know your identity and still dare to arrest you, do you think I would be afraid of your Bai family? I’m going to use your little life to follow the Pill King Mansion in exchange for a large amount of medicinal materials, and then our Xuan Yue Valley’s strength will rise even higher!”
The Third Elder looked at Bai Zhan Tang with a fierce smile and said with disdain.
Bai Zhan Tang was speechless, he could not do anything except to express his anger at the Third Elder, his strength was too different from that of the Third Elder!
Shen Mengchen, on the other hand, was leaning tightly on Bai Zhantang’s body, trembling all over!
“Your divination skills are so powerful, have you ever divined the date of your death for yourself?”
At this moment, an indifferent voice came in from outside!
“Mr. Chen …………”
When Bai Zhantang heard this, he was overjoyed and fought to shout out.
He knew that if Chen Ping came, they would be saved!
“What man? Come out …………”
The Third Elder frowned and roared in a stern voice!
Only Chen Ping’s figure slowly appeared in the doorway, the rising sunlight shining on Chen Ping’s body, long shadows falling all the way down to the Buddha statue inside the lobby!
“You are?” The Third Elder’s eyes stared slightly, looking at Chen Ping with some familiarity, before his eyes snapped open, “You’re Chen Ping?”
“I didn’t expect you to know me!” Chen Ping was also a little surprised, how could this Elder of Xuan Yue Valley know him!
“You killed several of my Xuan Yue Valley generals, how could I not know you, I never thought that you would dare to come to Xuan Yue Valley, this is heaven has a way for you not to go, hell has no door for you to barge in ……”
The aura on the Third Elder’s body steeply came together, while all those of his men surrounded Chen Ping one after another.
Chen Ping’s great name had become Xuan Yue Valley’s number one enemy!
“Not to mention your tiny Xuan Yue Valley, even if it were a real Yan Luo Hell, I can go there if I want to ……”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, his entire body instantly turned into a streak of shadow!
Those Xuan Yue Valley men surrounding Chen Ping all fell to the ground without even seeing Chen Ping’s figure!
The Third Elder was shocked, and even Xu Shimao, who had Bai stepped on his feet, had his eyes widened, he had never thought that Chen Ping, a young man in his twenties, would be so terribly strong.
The Third Elder was scared, his face turned ugly, Chen Ping’s strength had exceeded his imagination, once at the Tianfeng Town Ring, they had seen Chen Ping’s strength through an illusion formation, but now in just under a month, Chen Ping’s strength had grown so fast!
“The strength of your Xuan Yue Valley people isn’t that great either, how dare you call yourself Hell?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly as he walked towards the Third Elder!
“Don’t you come over or I’ll kill him ……”
The Third Elder’s eyes were filled with panic as he stepped on Xu Shimao and threatened Chen Ping with his foot!
As soon as he exerted his force, Xu Shimao would immediately be killed by stepping directly on his body!
“What does it matter to me if you kill him? It’s not like I’m from the Protector Pavilion, if you want to kill, then go ahead ……”
Chen Ping had an indifferent look on his face as he continued to approach towards that Third Elder.
“Don’t you come over, I will really kill him ……”
The Third Elder’s body was trembling slightly, his eyes were red as he hissed at Chen Ping!