“Out of sight guy, I’ll make you pay the price ……”
Mu Qing roared angrily as endless blood mist appeared behind his back, terrifying power emanated from that Mu Qing’s body!
Mu Qing’s face was ugly to the extreme, he was a first grade cultivator of the Mahayana realm, yet he was publicly humiliated by Chen Ping, a seventh grade of the Transition realm, this humiliation was fatal!
After his two attacks had failed to bring the slightest damage to Chen Ping, Mu Qing was beginning to face up to Chen Ping’s true strength!
The aura of the First Grade of the Mahayana Realm continued to erupt, and the veins on Mu Qing’s forehead bulged!
“Dharma Body …… present ……”
Buzz!
Along with Mu Qing’s roar, a figure slowly appeared in the red blood mist behind him!
This figure held up the heavens and earth, standing between the heavens and earth like a mountain!
The moment the dharma body appeared, red light flowed, endless divine might emerged, and the heavens and earth trembled as the winds and clouds changed colour!
When everyone saw this scene, they were all horrified!
The dharma body behind Mu Qing was obviously a lot more solid than a month ago, this should be the result of Mu Qing’s one month of hard work!
The crowd looked up at the dharma body and everyone felt very small!
When Tan Rongkun saw this dharma body, he also couldn’t help but have his mouth open in a rounded circle, very surprised, “Where did Mu Qing learn this dharma body from? It’s too terrifying ……”
No one from their Blood and Bone Sect would know this dharma, not even his eldest senior brother!
Obviously, this was something that Tan Rongkun had learnt from elsewhere, but this was normal, as the Mu Family’s male son, he spent a heavy amount of money to learn some feats to enhance his strength, after all, Mu Qing was not a disciple of the Blood and Bone Sect, and didn’t have to abide by any of the sect’s rules!
When the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and the girls saw the dharma body behind Mu Qing, they were also shocked in their hearts and began to sweat for Chen Ping!
Because at this moment, the power within Mu Qing’s body was clearly surging!
“Prana Dharma Body, it is indeed very good, it’s just a pity that this Dharma Body of yours has yet to be solidified, it’s really too weak.”
“I’ll show you how my dharma body is ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, golden light exploded from his body, and behind him too, a silhouette actually slowly appeared!
This shadow became clearer and clearer, and soon the crowd was surprised to find that the shadow that appeared behind Chen Ping was actually himself!
And around this dharma body, a blazing flame rose!
“This fellow, how did he condense his own dharma body? He’s only at the Transition Realm, this can’t be possible!”
Chief Liu was shocked and said incredulously!
Everyone looked at Chen Ping in shock!
The Dharma Body that Mu Qing had condensed was only a shadow of someone else’s, summoned using a gong method!
Chen Ping’s Dharma Body, on the other hand, was actually his true and real self!
For a Ferrying Realm cultivator to be able to condense a Dharma body, this was simply unimaginable!
“This …… is impossible, how could you possibly condense your own dharma body, an illusion is definitely an illusion ……”
Mu Qing saw this and simply did not believe that Chen Ping was able to condense his own dharma body!
“Whether it’s an illusion or not, try it and you’ll know!”
Chen Ping finished speaking, his body slowly levitated up, his main body stood in front of that huge Dharma Body, the entire person exuded an endless aura of majesty, causing one to be compelled to exude endless admiration!
“True Fire Dharma Body …… open ……”
Boom!
Accompanied by an explosive sound, one could only see that the heavens and earth were instantly filled with flames, and these flames were as if they were erupting from the ground!
Terrifying power, accompanied by flames erupted from under Chen Ping’s feet!
Mu Qing was instantly sent flying by this power, and even the Prana Dharma Body behind him began to shake!
Mu Qing’s face was red, and blood was even spilling from the corners of his mouth!
However, Chen Ping did not stop, holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, his body was surrounded by flames!
Endless flames and breath erupted from the True Flame Dharma Body, constantly impacting the void, causing the entire void to tremble and seemingly collapse!