The golden dragon opened its bloody mouth and charged towards that Yuuzo!
Yuuzo was so scared that he instantly P*ssed himself and hurriedly said, “Okay, okay, I’ll listen to you ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping waved his hand and the Golden Dragon instantly retreated!
“I will draw up the move now and send someone to promulgate it tomorrow.”
Yuasa shivered and followed Chen Ping’s a*surance!
“Good, I hope you are not lying to me, because you know what happens when you lie to me ……”
Chen Ping said as his breath gathered and the golden dragon instantly disappeared!
Drinking the wine in front of him in one go, looking at the full moon in the sky, Chen Ping’s body floated up!
Yuasa looked at Chen Ping just floating away, while the security within his palace was as waste, and he knew this imperial edict he must promulgate!
Even the number one martial artist in the world, Kuroki Kawasaki, had been killed, and there was no one in the martial arts world who could stand up to Chen Ping!
Yuasa took out the imperial edict, wrote it up overnight, and ordered it to be promulgated just after dawn!
At sunrise, Chen Ping woke up with a stretch!
Watanabe Fumio excitedly found Chen Ping!
“Master, Master, great joy in heaven, the Earth Emperor has issued an edict for everyone in the martial world to worship your idol, those stubborn guys in the martial world will now have to worship you as a god.”
Watanabe Fumio said as he held the edict issued by Yuasa in his hand.
Chen Ping merely glanced at it without the slightest expression, for he had already known the outcome!
“Watanabe Fumio, now that the matter of the island has been cleared up, I believe that no one will dare to touch your Watanabe family in the short term, and I am going back.”
Chen Ping said to Watanabe Fumio.
When Watanabe Fumio heard this, his mood instantly lost a lot, and his eyes were full of reluctance as he said, “Master, I will definitely help you look after the affairs of the island, and I will send you all the resources on a regular basis!”
“But …… but …………”
Watanabe Fumio seems to have something that he is too embarra*sed to say out loud!
“Just say what you have to say.” Chen Ping said.
“Master, Yumiko has been going to school in Daxia, all this time I want her to follow master back to Daxia and continue to go and finish her studies.”
“If master likes her, he can also let her serve by master’s side all the time!”
Fumio Watanabe said.
“Yumiko is still young and should go and finish her studies, as for serving me, let’s talk about that later!”
Chen Ping wouldn’t dare really take Yumiko back to serve himself!
If those women at home found out, they would be in for a treat!
Chen Ping found Hu Ma Zi, took Yumiko with him and prepared to go back to China!
“Old Fan, come back with us, what’s the point of you being here all alone by yourself?”
Hu Ma Zi said to Old Fan.
“I’m not going, I’m fine here, and after this time, I don’t have to pretend to be high and mighty anymore, even if my strength is low, those guys in the island martial arts world will still have to worship me as a master!”
“Now the god they worship is my friend, I’ll have something to blow in the island now ……”
Old Fan said with a grin on his face.
“Old Fan, these few days on the island, thank you so much ……”
Chen Ping was still very grateful to Old Fan, if Old Fan hadn’t let Watanabe Fumio take out that Fuji Snow Lotus, Chen Ping’s strength wouldn’t have broken through to Martial Saint at all!
Then there wouldn’t have been all this later, and Chen Ping’s strength wouldn’t have grown so fast in the island nation!
“What’s there to thank you for, now that you’ve become the god of the island, my value has risen along with you.”
Old Fan smiled faintly.
Soon, Chen Ping and the others boarded the plane and set off on their way back to China. On the plane, Chen Ping looked at his fist, this time when he went back, he would completely wipe out the Demon Heart Sect ……