“Miss Pearl, aren’t you going back?”
Chen Ping walked out of the alchemy room and saw that Zhu Zhu hadn’t come out yet, so he shouted!
“Stop shouting, I’m going back ……”
Zhu Zhu gave Meng He a reluctant glance, then walked out of the alchemy room!
Zhu Zhu knew that if she wouldn’t follow Chen Ping back, she would definitely be chastised by Suo Xing Yue!
“Zhu Zhu, don’t go, okay, I want to stay with you a little longer.”
Just as Zhu Zhu was about to leave, Meng He suddenly pulled Zhu Zhu’s hand!
“Brother Meng, actually I don’t want to go either, but if I don’t go back, my master will punish me.”
Zhu Zhu said with difficulty!
“Do you know, Zhu Zhu, how much I missed you when I couldn’t see you these few days?”
“I just want you to stay with me for a little longer, can’t I?”
Meng He looked at Zhu Zhu with an expectant face!
Looking at Meng He’s look, Zhu Zhu couldn’t bear it, so she nodded and said, “Alright, then I’ll stay with Brother Meng for a while.”
When Meng He heard this, he was so happy that he grabbed Zhu Zhu’s hand, afraid that Zhu Zhu would leave!
“Chen Ping, go back on your own, I’ll stay for a while ……”
Zhu Zhu said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping just looked at Zhu Zhu, then turned around and left!
Chen Ping could tell that this Meng He didn’t like Zhu Zhu at all, only that Zhu Zhu didn’t know it herself and was still being deceived by Meng He!
As for why Meng He was deceiving Zhu Zhu, Chen Ping didn’t know, nor did he want to know! Myriad Books
After all, these matters have nothing to do with himself, even if that Zhu Zhu was cheated out of her body, it was none of Chen Ping’s business!
Chen Ping only needed to make sure that the woman he was with was faithful to him!
As for other women, Chen Ping didn’t care!
After Chen Ping left, Meng He pulled Zhu Zhu and also left. After leaving the examination venue, Meng He looked at Zhu Zhu with deep emotion and said, “Zhu Zhu, do you know the details of this guy called Chen Ping?”
Zhu Zhu shook her head, “I don’t know either, I only know that he is from the Jade Tripod Sect, and I heard my master say that this Chen Ping was the one who saved him when he ran into a demonic cultivator on the road.”
“Why else would I be allowed to bring him to the examination, this guy is very annoying at first glance!”
As Meng He listened, his brow furrowed slightly and his face became very grave!
With Chen Ping’s current strength, I was afraid that he would hardly be able to get the first place in the Pill Refining Conference!
“Brother Meng, what’s wrong with you?” Seeing Meng He’s face look bad, Zhu Zhu asked!
“Zhu Zhu, you also know that the first place winner of this Pill Master’s Conference will have a special reward from the county lord of Jialing County.”
“I would love to get this prize, except …… except that this fellow called Chen Ping has appeared, and I am afraid that I will lose to him at the Pill Master Meeting then.”
Meng He said to Zhu Zhu!
“Brother Meng, you’re the best in my eyes, how could you lose to him, surely not, you have to have faith in yourself!”
Zhu Zhu looked at Meng He with a determined face and said!
“Zhu Zhu, it’s not that I don’t have confidence, but it’s true that my alchemy skills are no match for that Chen Ping, I don’t have the strength to use the incense burner to refine a perfect fifth grade top grade elixir in one incense burning time.”
Meng He shook his head and said!
He knew himself, if he had been confident when he hadn’t seen Chen Ping’s alchemy skills, but now he didn’t have any confidence at all!
“Ah, what then?”
Zhu Zhu said with some anxiety.
“There is only one way nowadays, it depends on whether you want to help me or not ……”
Meng He said!
“Brother Meng, just say it, for you, let me do anything.”
Zhu Zhu said with a determined look!
Meng He had a happy face, then he came up to Zhu Zhu’s ear and told her his plan!
After hearing this, Zhu Zhu immediately lost her face and said with a look of horror, “Brother Meng, this …… won’t work, if my master finds out about this, I will be dead.”