When Jue Yuan heard that there was no origin, he was relieved, and then said politely, “Be my guest, Sir Liu, but this kid stole some magic weapons from my senior brother, so …………”
“Some broken metal is just, you guys just take it, I just want this kid’s corpse!”
Liu Xing casually waved his hand, in the eyes of their Pure Yang Sect, what magic weapons, are all broken bra*s!
“Thank you Sir Liu, thank you Sir Liu ……”
Jue Yuan thanked him repeatedly!
But at this moment, Shi Yan was a little upset, this man and woman in front of him, about the same age as himself, yet they looked so condescending and dared to say that his family’s magic weapons were broken bra*s!
One should know that many Secret Realm families came from their Hundred Refinement Pavilion to refine their magic weapons.
Moreover, Shi Yan looked at that Liu Rui, pavilion-like and with an alluring fairy aura, just like a fairy descending from the earth, so he wanted to get to know her!
“Who are you people? How dare you say that our Hundred Refinements Pavilion’s magic weapons are broken bronze?”
“Besides this Chen Ping was killed by my eldest uncle, so you can’t take the body away, I still have to give this fellow a flogging to vent my anger!”
“If you insist on taking Chen Ping’s corpse away, then let this girl keep me company ……”
Shi Yan’s eyes were filled with lustful light as he looked at Liu Rui!
Shi Yan’s words directly startled that Jue Yuan who had originally descended into the deep pit.
And Liu Xing was frowning, his body rising with anger, that Liu Rui looked at Shi Yan like that, also disgusted to the extreme!
“You shameless person ……”
Liu Rui cursed angrily, and her palm swung violently!
A huge force went towards that Shi Yan!
As soon as Liu Rui struck, Shi Yan regretted it because he realized that this young man in front of him, who was similar to him in age, possessed strength beyond that of Jue Yuan with one strike!
The terrifying aura directly made Shi Yan unable to breathe, and his entire body could not move even if he wanted to, as if it was going to be torn apart!
The pain was so intense that Shi Yan’s face was so fierce that he could not even scream!
Seeing this, Jue Yuan hurriedly pushed out a palm to cancel out Liu Rui’s breath, only then did he let Shi Yan breathe a little easier!
“Sir Liu, Miss Liu, this master nephew of mine is blasphemous and simply deserves to die, but for my sake, I beg you both to spare his life!”
“We don’t want what’s on that Chen Ping’s body, and we’ll let you take the body too!”
Jue Yuan desperately apologised after Liu Xing and Liu Rui.
At this moment, Shi Yan was like a child who had done something wrong, lowering his head and not daring to speak, the pain of being on the verge of death just now made him scared even now thinking about it!
“Humph, insulting my senior sister, and you’re going to forget about it with an apology? Then what has our Pure Yang Sect become?”
Liu Xing snorted coldly and said with a murderous aura.
Seeing this, Jue Yuan turned around and gave Shi Yan a slap on the face, then started punching and kicking up!
Shi Yan was beaten and cried out, Shi Qingpei was distressed at the sight, but he did not dare to stop him!
He knew that Jue Yuan was doing this to save his own son, who was the only one who had the courage to do this!
Even Jue Yuan was polite, and he dared not go up to him!
Soon, Shi Yan was beaten up by Jue Yuan, with only one breath left!
“Sir Liu, I still hope you can leave him alive, I’ve already taught him a lesson ……”
Jue Yuan prayed!
“Brother, forget it, we’d better hurry back so that we don’t get anxiously waited for by Master!”
Liu Rui said to Liu Xing.
Liu Xing nodded, and then leapt up towards that deep pit, intending to carry up Chen Ping’s corpse!
But when Liu Xing had just leapt up and was about to jump into the deep pit, he was stopped by Tong Youkong!
“Tong Youkong, what are you doing?”
Liu Xing frowned!
“Liu Xing, this kid’s corpse, I also want to bring it back to our Heavenly Thunder Sect to study it properly ……”
Tong Youkong said with a faint smile.