‘Alright then, I’ll take Mr Chen there now.’
Elder Sun nodded!
‘This blimp …………’
Chen Ping knew that it was almost time for the blimp to take off!
‘Just wait for a while, it’s my call anyway!’
Elder Sun finished speaking, then turned to an Aptitude Pavilion staff member and said, ‘Don’t take off the blimp, wait for me to come back.’
‘Understood, Elder Sun!’
The staff member nodded!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was also glad in his heart, this more friends make a better road, it was really true!
If he hadn’t saved Elder Xia’s daughter and didn’t have Elder Xia’s token, Elder Sun wouldn’t have treated him like this!
Chen Ping followed Elder Sun to the Wan Tong Pavilion branch in South End City!
Chen Ping took a look and found that this Wantong Pavilion was wrapped in formations and was very tightly protected!
Moreover, there were two guards standing at the entrance!
However, when Chen Ping looked at the two guards, he was somewhat surprised in his heart, because from the two guards, he could not even feel the slightest bit of vitality, as if they were dead people!
But obviously the two were right in front of his eyes, Chen Ping could not say that the two were dead!
Just as Chen Ping was puzzled, the two guards stopped them!
‘Please show your token!’
One of the guards said in a stiff voice without the slightest bit of emotion!
Elder Sun took out the token and waved it in front of the eyes of the two guards!
After seeing the token, the two guards then dodged away and made way.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was very curious and said with a face full of incomprehension, ‘Elder Sun, you often come and go here, could it be that the disciples of this Wan Tong Pavilion Branch Pavilion still do not know you as an Elder?’
‘I see that those two guards are docile, like fools ……’
Chen Ping didn’t dare to say that the two guards looked like dead people, after all, they were disciples of the Wantong Pavilion, it was more or less impolite!
But who knows, Elder Sun laughed and said, ‘Mr Chen, do you think that these two guards are not approachable, but rather have no life in them, like dead people ah?’
Hearing Elder Sun say this, Chen Ping then nodded his head and said, ‘Yes, yes, yes, there is just no life at all.’
‘These two people are puppets, where would they have any life, much less any human feelings ah!’
Elder Sun laughed!
‘Puppets?’ Chen Ping’s brows instantly furrowed!
One must know that the ones who refined puppet corpses were all demonic cultivators, and it was only the sidetracks that would do such things!
Seeing that expression on Chen Ping’s face, Elder Sun hurriedly explained, ‘These two guards are puppets, not puppet corpses… I wonder if Mr Chen could know about puppets created from various materials?’
As soon as Elder Sun said that, Chen Ping instantly remembered Ouyang Zhenhua, at that time, Ouyang Zhenhua had brought along many puppets that they had built themselves!
‘I know that those who can build puppets are skilled craftsmen, I didn’t think that the Wantong Pavilion would have such people.’
Chen Ping said enviously!
‘Our Wantong Pavilion doesn’t have such capable craftsmen, these two puppet guards were also bought from that Ouyang family, because the Ouyang family often buys puppet refining materials from our Wantong Pavilion, so it’s considered to be very familiar, and that’s why they sold us two puppets.’
‘As Mr Chen also knows, as long as one is human, one will have seven emotions and six desires, because things that happen often with guards showing favouritism, that’s why our Wantong Pavilion decided to buy puppet guards, in this way, even if I come as an elder, I still have to follow the rules before I can do so.’
Elder Sun explained!
When Chen Ping heard this, his eyes lit up, ‘Elder Sun, you said that your Wantong Pavilion has the materials to refine puppets?’
Looking at Chen Ping’s somewhat excited look, Elder Sun nodded with a dumbfounded expression, ‘Yes, our Wantong Pavilion sells all sorts of resources, intelligence, we do all sorts of business, and operating a dirigible is only one of them.’
‘Great, I will be buying some puppet refining materials later.’
Chen Ping also wanted to collect the materials for refining puppets himself and then refine them himself!
Now that the Wantong Pavilion had everything, it would be a lot less hassle!