How could Cai Hongwei possibly know what was going on, so he looked towards that Apothecary Chen!
Apothecary Chen was also full of confusion at the moment “My antidote pills …………”
Chen pharmacist words have not finished, suddenly also began to eyes red, face is also full of hideous!
Soon, more and more people fell into madness and lost their minds!
Now, that Cai Hongwei panicked, if they all lost their minds, the end result would be to kill each other and all die here!
“Grandpa ……,” Miao Miao looked at the crazy crowd and became a little scared inside!
And Miao Lao is Miao Miao blocked behind, and then pulled out a copper clock from his pocket, the copper clock is not big, very delicate!
Miao Lao hurriedly rang the copper bell in his hand!
Along with a melodious sound coming out from within the bell, the irrational crowd was slowly recovering!
Elder Miao kept ringing the bronze bell, and then anxiously said “All follow me, quickly leave the scope of this poisonous tent …….”
The crowd came back to their senses and hurriedly followed Miao Lao, ready to leave this area!
But before the crowd could act, a burst of hissing suddenly came from the surroundings, obviously a demonic beast had already come over!
This time, they were trapped in this area, unable to move at all!
Everyone’s eyes were filled with a few moments of panic!
“Everyone, don’t panic, there are formations around here, and I’ve even sprinkled medicinal powder, those demonic beasts can’t get close, we just need to carry through this poison tent.”
Cai Hongwei hurriedly persuaded everyone, comforting them not to panic!
Elder Miao, on the other hand, was holding a bronze bell and continuously striking it, his forehead was already covered in cold sweat!
“We have to hurry and think of a way, I won’t be able to hold on for long.”
Miao Lao hurriedly said!
Every time he rang this bronze bell, it took a lot of spiritual energy to do so, and it was impossible for Old Miao to hold on until the poison tent disappeared!
<br> Hearing Miao Lao say this, the crowd once again panicked!
One by one, they all looked at the pharmacist Chen, very dissatisfied, “What kind of antidote is this? It doesn’t work.”
Chen pharmacist was also said is full of red face, rushed to explain “everyone don’t be anxious, I still have some immortal grass, I immediately in the re-refining a batch of antidote to poison Dan, should be in time.”
After finishing his speech, Apothecary Chen hurriedly pulled out the immortal herbs and pill cauldron from his body, and panicked and started refining!
Looking at those herbs that Apothecary Chen took out, Chen Ping then spoke “You don’t need to waste your efforts, the antidote pills that are refined out of these things are just as useless.”
Chen Apothecary was already anxious and angry at the moment, hearing Chen Ping say so, he immediately roared in a bad mood “What other skills do you have besides being a f*cking mouthpiece?”
“Don’t you say that you are also a Pill Master? Isn’t it that Pill Zuns are not as good as you? If you’re capable, you can refine an antidote pill to get us out of this predicament.”
“I practice what I practice ……,” Chen Ping smiled indifferently, then took out the Divine Farmer’s Tripod from his storage ring, and took out many of the Immortal Herbs that he had messed up at the Pill Zun out!
Upon seeing Chen Ping’s Divine Nong tripod, and the precious immortal herbs that were placed all over the place, that Chen Pharmacist’s eyes went straight!
Only to see Chen Ping throw the herbs into the Godly Agricultural Tripod, accompanied by gusts of black mist, an unpleasant temperature emanated from within the Godly Agricultural Tripod!
Smelling this odour, many cultivators could not help but cover their noses and move away!
“What is this thing you’re refining? Is this an elixir? Why does it stink so bad?”
That Miao Miao ran to the side in great disgust!
Everyone did not look favourably on Chen Ping’s refined pills, just like this so it was so possible to refine pills.
Just as everyone was moving away from Chen Ping, that Apothecary Chen turned out to be motionless with a face full of shock, staring blankly at Chen Ping’s alchemy!
In just ten minutes time, along with the buzzing of the Shen Nong tripod, the flame in the Shen Nong tripod went out, and a dozen or so black pills appeared in the Shen Nong tripod!