This was the first time the soul spirit had spoken out with the help of Long Xiao’s body.
“You are just a soul spirit, you don’t even have an original body, and you dare to say such big words, today I will let you taste what it is to have nothing to hide ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the aura on his body surprisingly began to climb again, it turned out that after fighting for half a day, Chen Ping did not use his full strength.
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body became even more glorious as he recited the Clear Heart Mantra under his breath!
Chen Ping himself was like a small sun at that moment, lighting up the entire dark night.
The golden light shone out for miles, and the entire mountain was clearly visible in the darkness!
“Ah …………”
Illuminated by this golden light, a miserable scream escaped Long Xiao’s mouth!
And Chen Ping’s breath kept climbing as if it would never end!
Long Xiao’s face turned extremely ugly as fear began to spread in his heart!
The spirit instantly broke away from its control of Long Xiao’s body under this golden light, and at this moment, Long Xiao regained control of his body.
But feeling this terrifying aura of Chen Ping, Long Xiao was afraid, this time truly afraid, and a wave of panic surfaced in his heart!
At this moment, all of Long Xiao’s confidence had been shattered by Chen Ping!
He suddenly found that the gap between himself and Chen Ping seemed insurmountable, and Chen Ping was like an unknown world, everyone wanted to understand Chen Ping, but no one could see through Chen Ping.
Time and again, Chen Ping was declared dead and came back to life again and again.
And no one knew what realm of strength Chen Ping was in, every time Chen Ping appeared, he would bring new perceptions to others ……
“Run away, what are you hesitating for, do you want to die here?”
The soul spirit inside Long Xiao urged loudly at Long Xiao.
Long Xiao was stunned, then he glanced at Long Jingguo who was not far away, before finally clenching his teeth and his body violently leapt backwards!
He couldn’t care less about Long Jingguo now, it was better if he could escape one by one!
“Is this an attempt to escape?”
Chen Ping said coldly.
The words fell, only to see Chen Ping’s figure instantly disappear in place!
Long Xiao only felt a strong wind coming from behind him, and then turned around and saw that Chen Ping had already reached him.
Because Chen Ping’s speed was so fast, so much so that Long Xiao did not even see how Chen Ping had caught up with him, it was as if he had appeared out of thin air!
Boom!
A large golden hand slapped at Long Xiao, who tried to dodge, but it was simply too late!
This slap directly hit Long Xiao’s back, shattering the condensed armour on Long Xiao’s body in an instant!
Long Xiao directly did a doggy poo and fell to the ground, that wretched appearance, where does he still look like the grandson of the Long Family!
“Xiao’er ……”
Seeing this, Long Jingguo’s body leapt up and went straight for Chen Ping.
Even though Long Xiao wanted to escape alone, but now that he was in danger, Long Jingguo could not just stand by and watch his son being killed.
As a veteran Martial Marquis, Long Jingguo exploded his aura to the utmost!
But just as Long Jingguo reached Chen Ping, Chen Ping didn’t even look back, didn’t even glance at Long Jingguo, and directly reached out with his five fingers and stuck Long Jingguo’s neck in a deadly grip!
The breath from Long Jingguo’s body instantly disappeared, and the intense choking sensation caused Long Jingguo’s mouth to open round and his face to turn red!
With this uncle of his in his hands, there was not a trace of pity in Chen Ping’s heart, there was only endless anger.
Thinking of his own mother, who had been imprisoned for over twenty years, Chen Ping could not wait to slap Long Jingguo to death right now!
But Chen Ping could not kill him now, he still wanted Long Jingguo to release his mother.
“Chen Ping, if you …… dare to kill me, you will never want to see your mother again ……”
Long Jingguo said as his mouth grew.
Hearing Long Jingguo’s words, Chen Ping’s heart burned with anger and he slapped Long Jingguo’s face fiercely.