But suddenly, one day, someone tells you that outside of this school, there are countless other schools, and that the students there, any one of them, kills the number one in this school!
This kind of psychological blow made it somewhat difficult for Chen Ping to accept!
“Could it be that cultivating desperately hard and ascending to immortality is not enough?”
Chen Ping muttered!
Chen Ping’s goal was to ascend to Immortality and find his father!
“Ascending into Immortality?” The Fire Spirit Astrologer suddenly laughed out loud “Hahaha…… you know that in the Immortal Realm, an ascended Immortal is the lowest level of existence, and you have to know that the Immortal Realm is just one of the worlds in the entire Heavenly Realm.”
“The entire Heavenly Realm is divided into thirty-six heavens, each of which has countless worlds, so you can imagine, what is the Celestial Realm, and what is an Immortal?”
Chen Ping did not speak and his expression became very grave!
Looking at Chen Ping’s appearance, the Fire Spirit Astrologer smiled once again and said “You don’t need to be discouraged, even if there are thousands of worlds, there are very few people who are as gifted as you are.”
“As long as you don’t give up, if you cultivate well, in the future there will definitely be a big difference, at that time you can’t forget me, I am also counted as half of your master.”
“Although the inheritance I left behind is only a simple Immortal Technique, but it’s enough for the current you.”
The Fire Spirit Astrologer was supposedly afraid that Chen Ping would suffer a blow and become demoralised, so he comforted Chen Ping!
“Many thanks senior!” Chen Ping nodded, his eyes filled with renewed determination.
“Senior, did you seal all of this God-Devil Battlefield? Several Divine Demon Battlefields throughout the Celestial Realm have been sealed.”
Chen Ping asked!
The Divine Demon Battlefields were all sealed, and ordinary people were easily unable to enter into the Divine Demon Battlefields!
The Fire Spirit Star Monarch nodded “That’s right, back then, when the various races were in a melee, millions of various cultivators fell, and the divine weapons and various treasures that were left behind were countless.”
“If it wasn’t sealed, the Celestial Realm would now be afraid that it would have turned into a barbaric land long ago, although these treasures are good, they are also things that captivate the mind and make people kill each other.”
“Senior, since it was you who sealed the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, then I have something here that I would like to ask senior …… for advice.”
Chen Ping said, and surprisingly took out that clock!
Because Chen Ping had tried many times, the clock did not work, but Chen Ping knew that the clock must be some sort of time magic weapon, only that he would not activate it!
At that time, during the crisis, the Spirit Beast Egg had used it!
Just as Chen Ping took out the clock, the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign surprisingly did not even look at it, instead, he was staring closely at Chen Ping’s storage ring!
Chen Ping said with a puzzled look on his face, “Senior, this is a storage ring, do you like it very much? If you like it, I can give it to you ……”
Chen Ping thought that the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign liked his storage ring!
“Fart, what do I want your broken thing for, if I want to put something, I will build a storage world by myself just like that, and still use to wear a storage magic weapon, won’t I be laughed out of the room.”
Fire Spirit Astral Monarch said disdainfully!
“Then why is senior staring at my storage ring?” Chen Ping said in disbelief.
“I am looking at that little animal in your storage ring, you take it out and let me take a closer look ……”
What the Fire Spirit Astral Monarch was looking at was Chen Ping’s little Qilin beast!
Chen Ping heard, rushed to take out the small Qilin beast said “senior, this is the spiritual beast egg I got from this divine and demonic battlefield, hatched out a small Qilin beast, only the head is too small, can not ride ……”
The Fire Spirit Starlord’s eyes stared tightly at the little Qilin beast for a long time before he spoke “Are you …… sure that this was picked up from the middle of the Divine Demon Battlefield?”
“Yeah, at that time it was an egg that had just absorbed that immortal liquid and hatched out, I didn’t expect it to be a little Qilin beast.”
Chen Ping nodded and said!