The residual soul had no body, although it could not receive substantial damage, but the flame burning on Chen Ping’s body at this moment was indeed spirit fire, and spirit fire was the best way to deal with something like a residual soul!
“Spiritual fire, that Chen Ping has actually ignited a spiritual fire ……”
Someone started shouting!
Soon, six remnant souls followed Chen Ping’s shadow doppelganger and burst into flames!
A hissing sound came from them, and several flames jumped up in the ring!
It was only a matter of moments before the six remnant souls instantly went up in smoke, and Chen Ping’s shadow doppelganger disappeared along with them!
“Now, we can have a fair duel again ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand was slowly raised, and countless auras poured in from all directions!
For a moment, the heavens and the earth shook, the sun and the moon had no light, these spiritual qi entered Chen Ping’s body and was instantly transformed into spiritual energy by the Heart Condensation Technique, these spiritual energy then focused on the body of the Dragon Chopping Sword, forming a terrifying sword aura!
“I will never lose to you ……”
Feng Wu Heng roared, the longsword in his hand waved in front of his chest, and instantly a light shield appeared!
Looking at the shield of light in front of Feng Wu Heng, some people could not help but exclaim, “This is a master technique of Wind Moon Valley, this Feng Wu Heng has actually learned it?”
Many people did not expect that Wind Realm Smoke had such a high regard for Feng Wu Heng and had taught him the Wind Moon Valley Stance so early.
Chen Ping didn’t care at all, looking at Feng Wu Heng who was still struggling for his life, the corners of his mouth raised a smile, then the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand swung down violently!
The sword aura was like lightning, carrying a shocking might, causing a burst of explosions, and it instantly reached Feng Wu Heng’s face!
Boom!
The sword maneuver ruthlessly struck the light shield in front of Feng Wuzhen, making a deafening sound!
Feng Wuzhen only felt a huge pressure coming on him, followed by his feet bracing on the ground as the light shield in front of him blocked Chen Ping’s sword!
Seeing this, Feng Wu Heng was overjoyed and laughed out loud, “You can’t break my light shield with this strength ……”
“Is that so?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted as the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand swung away once more!
This time, a sword aura that was strong enough to cut through the void appeared, and before Feng Wu Heng could react, the light shield in front of him instantly turned into spots of light and directly drifted away into the air!
Everyone looked at this scene, one by one in disbelief!
Feng Wuzhen had even revealed his Wind Moon Valley’s bottom card, six remnant souls of the Split God realm, and even used his light shield, but even so, he still failed to block Chen Ping’s attack!
The strength displayed by Chen Ping, a secular realm cultivator, was much stronger than many of those in the secret realm clans!
“This fellow, his strength has progressed too quickly ……”
Wind Realm Smoke looked at Chen Ping from atop the high platform, his face full of gloom!
When Ge Cang Sheng heard Feng Jing Yan’s words, he couldn’t help but frown!
Feng Jing Yan didn’t know Chen Ping at all and had never seen him before, so how could he suddenly say such words?
In that case, it seemed that this Wind Realm Smoke should have known of Chen Ping’s strength, and that was why he had said that Chen Ping’s strength was improving quickly!
“Feng Jing Yan, what do you mean by that? Could it be that you knew Mr. Chen before?”
Ge Cang Sheng asked at Feng Jing Yan.
Feng Realm Smoke faintly froze, then shook his head and said, “I don’t know him, I haven’t met him at all.”
When Feng Jing Yan finished speaking, he turned to the side and was not talking to Ge Cansheng!
Looking at Feng Jing Yan’s appearance, Jiang Wu Ya whispered, “Old Ge, I think this guy knows Mr. Chen, even if he hasn’t met him, he must have heard of him, otherwise how else would he say something like that? It’s obvious that for Mr. Chen’s previous strength, he knows it.”
“Why would he, a valley master within the secret territory, need to know about Mr. Chen’s strength?”
Ge Cang Sheng couldn’t understand why this Wind Realm Smoke wanted to know about Chen Ping, after all, in the past Chen Ping didn’t even know about the Eight Great Secret Realms!