Duda frowned, “What do you pity?”
“It’s a pity that you’ve cultivated for decades and have never fought anyone, and today you’re going to die in your first match ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Hahahaha, ignorant little child, you are just mouthing off, I have seen a lot of people like you who like to mouthing off, the more people like you who are good with their mouths, the less capable they are, it looks like I have overestimated you ……”
Duda said with a big smile.
“Whether or not you think highly of me, then we’ll know after a few moves!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his right hand reached out and the Dragon Chopping Sword instantly appeared in Chen Ping’s hand!
The Chopping Dragon Sword emitted a greyish glow, the light was not dazzling, but it gave people a feeling of fear!
Duda’s eyes instantly emerged with a brilliant light after seeing the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand!
“A spirit sword?” Du Da breathed sharply, “I didn’t expect you kid to have a spirit sword in your hand, no wonder you were able to cultivate to this level at such a young age, even in this land of depleted spiritual energy, it seems you have quite a lot of treasures on you.”
“This spirit sword of yours has generated a sword spirit, such a treasure, it’s really a pity that it’s in your hands ……”
Du Da could not help but shake his head, and then continued, “Kid, if you are willing to hand over the spirit sword in your hand and give me the dragon crystal in your body, I can spare you from death and do not want your firstborn.”
“Really?” Chen Ping asked.
“Of course, I am a great YuanYing cultivator, would I not lie to a hairy boy like you ……”
When Du Da saw that Chen Ping was swayed, he immediately patted his chest and said.
“Old Brother Du …… how can you do this?”
Not far away, after Zhu Zhishan heard it, he was a little anxious, he invited Du Da to kill Chen Ping, but did not want Du Da to follow Chen Ping to make a deal.
“Shut up, I am not your subordinate, and I have never promised you anything!”
Du Da gave Zhu Zhishan a fierce glare, causing that Zhu Zhishan to look embarra*sed and not dare to speak.
“Kid, if you promise me, not only will I not kill you, I can also take you to Penglai Island and take you as a disciple, then no one will dare to kill you, and with your talent, you will definitely become a success in the future!”
Du Da continued to promise Chen Ping!
But who knew that Chen Ping would snicker, “Although you don’t want my firstborn anymore, I want your firstborn, and you still want to take me as your disciple? You have been cultivating for decades, but you are only a YuanYing great cultivator, I have only been cultivating for less than a year, we are both YuanYing great cultivators, are you worthy of being my master?”
“I think you old thing has got delusions of grandeur, right? If you kneel down and kowtow to me as a master, maybe I can teach you a few moves so that you can cultivate a little faster!”
“You seek death!” Du Da was instantly furious at Chen Ping’s words!
Immediately afterwards, Duda’s body began to when endless might, rolling spiritual energy out of his body and began to run around his body!
A white dagger of unparalleled consistency formed around Duda!
All the daggers were pointed at Chen Ping, and they carried with them an endless pressure!
Duda’s body burst and he swung forward!
The countless condensed daggers were like a rain of swords towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at the overwhelming rain of swords and swung his Zeng Long Sword violently in his hand!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique ……”
Soon, Chen Ping’s body slowly began to become transparent, as if it had transformed into a shadow!
Immediately afterwards the void shadow became clear again, and not too far away, another Chen Ping appeared holding the Zeng Long Sword.
The rain of swords fell fiercely on Chen Ping’s body, while Chen Ping did not react in the slightest, but another Chen Ping wielded the Dragon Cutting Sword and swung it viciously towards Duda!
Feeling the power of that sword energy, Du Da frowned and his body quickly retreated, managing to dodge Chen Ping’s blow!