“Fellow Daoist Zhou, if someone unveils the list, but there is no way to cure them, what would they do?”
Chen Ping asked to Zhou Si Lang!
“It’s very simple, just abolish your cultivation.”
Zhou Si Lang said lightly!
“Abolish your cultivation?”Chen Ping froze, “In the Celestial Realm, what’s the difference between killing a person who has lost his cultivation?”
“There is still a difference, after abolishing the cultivation, it is very likely that you will die slowly in fear, which is much more cruel than killing directly.”
Zhou Silang said!
Chen Ping frowned after hearing this and muttered in a low voice, “This is also too ruthless ……”
“Can it work if it’s not ruthless, those who are able to be on the doctor seeking list, those are people with strength, and the pay is very generous.”
“If it’s not ruthless, just anyone can reveal the list, it’s estimated that people with illnesses can’t be seen well and will be cured by some quacks!”
Zhou Silang explained!
Chen Ping was right when he heard it, with such a generous reward, anyone who saw it would be moved!
If the punishments were not harsh, and all could just reveal the list, then the entire Medicine Seeker List would be ruined!
“Chen Ping, why are you asking this? Do you want to reveal the list? You can’t fool around!”
Liu Ruyan hurriedly reminded Chen Ping as she listened to him inquiring about the Doctor Seeking List!
“Mr Chen, this doctor-seeking list is not a joke, although it seems to be well-paid, it also faces huge risks, so if you are not one hundred per cent sure, it’s better not to try it.”
Nie Heng also reminded Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, I’m just curious to ask, the two of you have finished refining your pills, quickly hand them over for registration!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and said to Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng!
The two of them nodded and then took the refined pills and went forward to register for the examination!
Just after Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng had just left, Chen Ping leapt up and headed straight for the Doctor Seeking List!
Chen Ping levitated his entire body in front of the Doctor Seeking List, quietly looking at the first one for that illness!
“Who are you? You may not approach the Medicine Seeking List ……”
When the people from Pill God Island saw Chen Ping running in front of the Medicine Seeking List, they immediately shouted a rebuke!
With this shout, many people looked up at Chen Ping!
“What are you shouting for, this Medicine Seeking List is for people to uncover the list of doctors, how can I uncover the list if I don’t get close!”
Chen Ping glared at the shouting fellow.
“You want to reveal the list?”Ouyang Wufeng also looked up at Chen Ping at this moment, he saw that Chen Ping was young and did not look like any high ranking person!
Moreover, he didn’t know Chen Ping, the rest of the diseases on this Medicine Seeker’s List could be very difficult, without the level of a Pill Exalted, one wouldn’t dare to attempt them!
Chen Ping was so young, how dare he go and reveal the list?
“What? Only your Pill God Island can reveal the list, but not me?”
Chen Ping asked!
“That’s not true, it’s just that the rest of the diseases on this Medicine Seeker’s List are ones that even our Pill God Island doesn’t dare to take on easily, so you’re sure that you’ll be able to cure them?”
“You must know that if you casually reveal the list but fail to cure it, you have to abolish your cultivation.”
Ouyang Wu Feng said to Chen Ping!
“Of course I know, I see that the diseases on this doctor-seeking list are not that difficult, I will reveal the first one on the list, the reward for this one is still quite special.”
Chen Ping looked at the first disease and was about to reach out to touch it!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, don’t be reckless!”
At this time, Chen Wenliang shouted!
Chen Ping’s art of formation was good, and being able to fix an ancient teleportation array was indeed impressive!
However, this formation art followed by the medical art were two completely different things, even in the case of a highly skilled formation master, it did not mean that the medical art was good!
Chen Ping’s strength is good, or formation master, even if he is also a medicine master, so young, can he still reach the level of medicine zun?
After all, all human energy was limited, it was impossible for one person to practice everything to the extreme!
Chen Wenliang only thought that although Chen Ping was a Pill Master, his level would definitely not be too high, and he would not be able to reach the strength to unveil the list at all!
And still, to unveil the first disease on the list, that was simply looking for death!
Chen Wenliang didn’t want Chen Ping to find death, that was why he spoke out to stop him!