Chen Ping wielded the Zenglong Sword and swung it forward, the green sword aura instantly brought up a streak of shadow in the air, the entire human void seemed to be cut off, the sound of air bursts rang out continuously, and the remaining dozens of warriors all died under this sword!
Two strokes, just two strokes!
Hundreds of warriors had fallen into a pool of blood and were not breathing!
These samurai were not ordinary people, they were all elites of the Watanabe clan, but in front of Chen Ping, they were killed as if they were chopping and slicing.
Hundreds of men had just been lost, and the smell of blood in the air stimulated everyone’s brain!
Watanabe Kazuo’s pale body was trembling, long gone was the calmness and composure!
And Watanabe Fumikishi, father and son, were so frightened that they almost wet their trousers!
And that Chishikawa’s pupils contracted, looking at Chen Ping like a great enemy, one hand clenched tightly on his worn-out katana.
“Chen …… Mr. Chen …… no …… master, please kill the people here and save my life and my little daughter’s life… …”
Watanabe Fumio fell to his knees at Chen Ping’s feet with a face of respect and admiration, his head kowtowing tightly to the ground.
At this moment, in Watanabe Fumio’s heart, Chen Ping was already a true god, their master!
Seeing what Watanabe Fumio had done, Watanabe Kazuo and the rest of the sidekicks were all furious.
“Chishima, kill this brat, and by the way, cut that traitor Watanabe Fumio to death by a thousand cuts ……”
Watanabe Kazuo said with red eyes.
Upon hearing this, Chishikawa slowly drew the ancient katana in his hand, dropping the sheath in his hand, Chishikawa held the sword in both hands, his face full of gloom!
Having watched Chen Ping kill hundreds of samurai with his own eyes, Chishimagawa did not dare to be careless!
Although Chishimagawa’s katana was ancient and old, the moment the blade came out of its sheath, there was a chilling sensation coming from it!
Chishimakawa’s reputation as a master of kendo was inseparable from his katana!
This katana is as sharp as mud!
Brush ……
The katana was waved gently in the air and instantly a white train cut out, the blade was like a long rainbow through the sun, a boulder at the foot of the mountain not far away, instantly became shattered in the blade!
The other people were shaken by the cold blade ……
Feeling the aura emanating from the katana in Chishikawa’s hand, those from the Watanabe family were all a little more settled in their hearts, especially that Watanabe Kazuo.
“Watanabe Fumio, you traitor of the Watanabe family, how dare you collude with the Daxia people and strike at your own kin.”
“Today is the day of your death, including your family, and your daughter ……”
Watanabe Kazuo’s eyes were full of malice as he looked at Watanabe Fumio.
When Watanabe Fumio saw that Watanabe Kazuo mentioned his family, the corners of his eyes couldn’t help but start twitching.
“Please, master, put everyone to death ……”
Watanabe Fumio kneeled in front of Chen Ping and pleaded.
“Good ……”
Chen Ping looked down at Watanabe Fumio and faintly spat out the word Good!
With the word good out of his mouth, the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand instantly burst out with a sword Qi that stretched out towards Watanabe Kazuo and the others!
Seeing this scene, Watanabe Kazuo and the others were so frightened that they all turned pale and kept hiding behind Qiandao Chuan!
Chishikawa’s eyebrows twisted and the katana in his hand followed with a vigorous swing!
A silver blade instantly exploded up, directly following Chen Ping’s sword maneuver and colliding with it!
Boom …………
A loud sound, the sword mane was directly chopped, and the qi that erupted began to shoot out in all directions, those samurai who were already dead, their bodies were injured by the qi that erupted, and their bodies were directly churned up.
The scene became even more brutal and bloody!