Gu Wentian sighed and didn’t say anything else, he had been used, it was too late to say anything now!
After dinner, Zhao Wuji personally accompanied Chen Ping to Christie’s auction house, in order to prevent Qin Xiaotian from finding trouble with Chen Ping!
Just as he walked into the exhibition hall, Chen Ping felt a burst of aura fluctuations, so he could see that there were indeed genuine items among these antiques, but the aura fluctuations were all very faint.
A hall of hundreds of square meters was decorated with all kinds of antiques, all covered with gla*s covers, telling their respective histories under the spotlight!
“Mr. Chen …………”
At this moment a shout of alarm came!
Chen Ping looked over and found that it was actually Bai Zhan Tang.
Upon seeing Chen Ping, Bai Zhan Tang walked over quickly, “Mr. Chen, I didn’t expect you to come too!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, “When did you come back? How is Miss Shen?”
“I came back yesterday, especially for this auction, Meng Chen is quite well, and now Xuan Yue Valley has also stepped into its regularity!”
Bai Zhan Tang said!
Hearing this, Chen Ping was quite relieved in his heart, after all, it was for his own sake that Shen Dansan had used up his Yang life and returned to heaven early!
“Zhan Tang, this is Mr. Chen, right?”
At this moment, an old man with boyish hair walked over!
“Grandpa, this is Mr. Chen ……” Bai Zhan Tang said, explaining to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, this is my grandfather Bai Xiushan!”
“Old man Bai ……” Chen Ping nodded slightly!
“Mr. Chen is really a talented man, a dragon and a phoenix among men, my Bai family is really fortunate to work for Mr. Chen ……”
Bai Xiushan treated Chen Ping with the utmost respect!
Bai Xiushan’s attitude caused many people around him to look sideways, not understanding why the head of the Bai family in Kyoto was so polite to a young man, and even said such lowly words!
“The Bai family head has a wise eye for people, no wonder your Bai family has endured for so long ……”
Zhao Wuji complimented Bai Xiushan from the side!
Obviously Bai Xiushan also knew Chen Ping’s true identity, that’s why he was so low, to know that the presence of an immortal cultivator behind the family would have instantly boosted the entire family’s strength by a lot!
“Pavilion Master Zhao is joking, didn’t you also see that Mr. Chen was not a mortal all the same?”
Bai Xiushan had already guessed from the fact that Zhao Wuji was following Chen Ping around that Zhao Wuji also knew of Chen Ping’s identity!
Thus, it seemed that Bai Xiushan’s guess was correct, Chen Ping was indeed an immortal cultivator!
“Hahahaha …………”
Zhao Wuji laughed out loud a few times!
“Mr. Chen, let’s go inside, what’s on display here are just mortal objects, the real treasures are all inside ……”
Bai Xiushan made an inviting gesture towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded slightly and followed Bai Xiushan towards the lobby!
But at that moment, Chen Ping felt a blazing murderous gaze, followed by a middle-aged man walking over with an old man with white hair!
The middle-aged man’s eyes were full of murderous intent, and he looked as if he wanted to eat Chen Ping alive!
Looking at the middle-aged man’s eyes, Chen Ping knew without thinking that it must be someone from the Qin family!
Sure enough, as the middle-aged man approached Chen Ping, Bai Xiushan’s face turned cold as he stepped in front of Chen Ping: “Qin Xiaotian, what do you want to do?”
“Elder Bai, I just want to follow this kid and say a few words, why are you so nervous? The dang Bai family has become someone’s dog, so soon you will protect your master?”
Bai Xiushan’s face was cold, while Bai Zhan Tang at the side rushed up with a healthy step, “Qin Xiaotian, say one more f*cking word to me ……”
“When we adults speak, is there a place for you juniors to interrupt?”
Qin Xiaotian’s eyes narrowed slightly, followed by a burst of qi that directly shook Bai Zhan Tang backwards!
Zhao Wuji stepped out to help Bai Zhan Tang, and then looked at Qin Xiaotian and said, “Qin Xiaotian, this is Christie’s auction house, if you dare to make trouble, don’t blame me for being ungracious!”