…………
On his way to the Valley of the Wicked, Chen Ping was travelling fast!
He had to find a safe place to refine the firstborn in his hand as soon as possible, and finally he chose to go to the Valley of the Wicked, after all, refining the firstborn could not be done overnight, and it was just as well that the four wicked men could protect him!
But just as Chen Ping had left the boundary of Kyoto, suddenly a man in front of him blocked his way!
Seeing the person in front of him, Chen Ping suddenly looked helpless.
“Captain Xing, what’s the coincidence? To run into you here?”
Chen Ping walked forward and said to Xing Jun.
“Chen Ping, this is not a coincidence, I am specifically here waiting for you.”
Xing Jun said indifferently.
“Specifically waiting for me?” Chen Ping was astonished, “Waiting for me for what?”
“Mr. Shi has an invitation.”
Xing Jun said to Chen Ping.
“Invite me to do what?” Chen Ping asked cautiously.
“Then I don’t know, Mr. Shi asked me to wait for you here and invite you back after seeing you ……”
Xing Jun said with a show of hands.
Chen Ping hesitated and finally said, “I still have something to do, I don’t have time to see Mr. Shi, go back and tell him, don’t mess up if I go and lock me up again ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he leapt forward and instantly went out a dozen meters away, followed by a quick run forward.
Chen Ping will not be going to see Mr. Shi, he also does not have time now, he needs to refine the YuanYing as soon as possible, to improve his strength to do so.
Seeing that the year was almost over, Chen Ping was still unable to save Su Yuqi and his own mother, he was very anxious in his heart.
“Ai Ai Ai …………”
Seeing Chen Ping suddenly run away, Xing Jun hurriedly chased after him.
But just as Chen Ping ran some distance away, he felt a huge aura coming at him, instantly bringing Chen Ping’s rushing body to a halt.
Chen Ping was greatly alarmed, wondering who the owner of this huge breath was, and if he could make it difficult for himself to move an inch by his breath alone, then the other party’s strength must be unfathomable.
Just as Chen Ping’s face was tense, as if he was on the brink of an enemy, he saw a middle-aged man in a suit with gla*ses coming up to him.
This person was none other than Mr. Shi.
“Are you that afraid to see me?” Mr Shi asked with a smile on his face as he turned to Chen Ping.
“I …… what am I afraid of? I merely have something important to do.”
Chen Ping said with averted eyes.
Ever since Mr. Shi had revealed his strength, Chen Ping was indeed a bit scared when he saw him, after all, the difference in strength between him and Mr. Shi was so great that Chen Ping would probably hang with the wave of someone’s hand.
“Something important? Isn’t it just that you are in a hurry to refine that YuanYing? You can refine that YuanYing whenever you want, but this opportunity I’ve found for you is an opportunity that can’t be lost!”
Mr. Shi broke through the small calculations in Chen Ping’s heart with a single word.
“What opportunity?”
Chen Ping faintly stared and then asked.
Just then, Xing Jun caught up with a gasp, “Mr. Shi, you guessed it right, this kid actually didn’t go to see you and ran away when he broke through ……”
Mr. Shi smiled, then turned to Chen Ping, “The Dragon Family will be holding a trial in two days, and I have already signed you up for it.”
“A trial?” Chen Ping frowned, then hurriedly shook his head, “No, I’m not going to engage in any trials, there’s no point ……”
Chen Ping did not want to engage in any trial to waste time, it was still important to refine the firstborn in the shortest time possible.
“Don’t rush to reject me first, don’t you want to hear where the trial is?”
Mr. Shi said.
“In what place?” Chen Ping asked.
“Locked Dragon Island ……”
After Mr. Shi said the three words Locked Dragon Island, Chen Ping personally showed a surprised look.
“That’s not right, what else is there to try out on Locked Dragon Island now? It’s all become an ordinary island for tourism now.”
Chen Ping was full of questions!