“Mr Chen, you haven’t recovered your consciousness since we teleported over, during the teleportation process, everyone’s consciousness is closed, just like a dead person.”
“But after teleporting over, the consciousness would be restored, but you didn’t recover, it scared the two of us.”
Ji Yun explained after Chen Ping!
“What about these people?” Chen Ping asked as he pointed to the dozen or so of those cultivators around him who were motionless!
“They are all dead, every time the teleportation array is activated, there is always a smartass who exudes divine sense wanting to see the power of the teleportation array.”
“All of these people were stripped of their consciousness by the teleportation array because they disobeyed and emitted their divine sense, although they didn’t die, they followed the dead without a doubt.”
A cultivator in his forties said as he passed by Chen Ping and the others!
Chen Ping also thought of his own situation at that moment, following these people in the exact same situation!
He had also exuded a strand of divine sense because of curiosity, only to have his entire soul glassed out of his body by the teleportation array!
But fortunately, at the critical moment, the Great Luo Golden Code in his sea of consciousness had saved his life!
Chen Ping was a bit scared at the moment, but recalling the scene he experienced, Chen Ping found that when that old man was laying down the teleportation array, Chen Ping remembered it all in his mind!
In other words, if Chen Ping had enough strength right now, he could also follow that old man’s operation exactly and also lay down this huge teleportation array!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping’s heart became excited again!
“Mr Chen, we’d better leave quickly, this place is afraid to be a thousand miles away from the nearest city.”
“If darkness falls, I’m afraid this place will be infested with demonic beasts.”
Ji Yun reminded Chen Ping who was staring blankly!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded, then looked around at the adventurous mountains and forests, somewhat puzzled, “We were transported by the teleportation array, shouldn’t we have been transported to another teleportation array?”
“How could we be teleported to this place? There doesn’t seem to be a teleportation array here either.”
Chen Ping was puzzled, in his perception, it seemed like it was a teleportation between two teleportation formations, how could it have teleported them to this middle of nowhere!
“Master, the kind of teleportation array that you are talking about are fixed two-way teleportations, while this teleportation array that we made is not, this kind of teleportation array will only teleport people to just an approximate area.”
“The location of each teleportation isn’t the same, but it doesn’t differ too much, speaking of which this teleportation array is equal to tearing through space and time, allowing the crowd to pass through the spatial rift and reach the place they want to go.”
“However, sometimes when the teleportation array is malfunctioning, it can also happen that people are teleported to other places, because of the misalignment of space and time, so the location of the teleportation will be shifted as well.”
Fire Phoenix followed Chen Ping as he explained!
Chen Ping sort of understood after hearing Fire Phoenix’s explanation, so the few people quickly walked out of the mountain forest!
Ji Yun found a clearing and released the dirigible, and they planned to take it to the nearest city to rest before making plans for later!
But just as Ji Yun’s blimp was released, a number of cultivators surrounded them!
“Fellow Daoist, how much does it cost to take this blimp of yours?”
Someone asked to Ji Yun!
“I’m sorry, I ride this blimp by myself, I don’t solicit passengers.”
Ji Yun waved his hand!
“Fellow Daoist, owning such a large blimp on your own, you’re really rich, but do us a favour and give us a lift?”
Another person stepped forward to follow Ji Yun and cozy up to him!
Ji Yun was just about to speak when he saw that Mr Ji, who was following the Giant Savage Palace Lord, walk over and get on top of the airship without being told!
Ji Yun frowned slightly and was about to get angry, but he was stopped by a cultivator on the side!