Until the two Tang Sect cultivators left, Hong Yao and Lan Yao, the two sisters, finally let out a long sigh of relief and collapsed onto the ground!
The aura of those two Transcendent Immortal cultivators just now had been almost too much for the sisters to bear!
At this moment, both of them were nearly exhausted!
Chen Ping turned to look at the two sisters, his expression as calm as water!
The calmer Chen Ping appeared, the more alarmed the sisters felt!
“Master Chen, I… we were wrong, please forgive us, fellow cultivator, we’re willing to hand over all the resources we have!” Lan Yao no longer had her earlier attitude; now her face was pale, her body trembling, looking utterly pitiful!
“If Master Chen doesn’t care for our resources, we sisters can offer our bodies for your amusement.”
“We’re twin sisters, we can give Master Chen a unique experience!” Hong Yao blinked her big eyes, constantly throwing flirty glances at Chen Ping!
“Not interested…” Chen Ping said, then turned and walked away!
Twin sisters or not, Chen Ping had no interest at all right now!
After all, he wasn’t lacking for women…
Chen Ping’s abrupt departure genuinely surprised the two sisters. They exchanged a glance, then got up and chased after him!
“Master Chen, wait a moment…” Hong Yao shouted!
“What? Are you two sisters insisting I sleep with you or something?” Chen Ping frowned slightly!
Hong Yao’s face flushed, and she shook her head, “With our looks, we surely can’t catch Master Chen’s eye.”
“We just wanted to remind you, Master Chen, that the person you just killed isn’t someone simple. You probably don’t even know who he was, do you?”
“Didn’t they just say? Something about the Tang Sect, some young master?” Chen Ping replied!
“Then Master Chen surely doesn’t know what the Tang Sect is,” Hong Yao said!
“Whatever it is, if someone wants to kill me, they die. Even if the King of Heaven himself came, it’d be the same. That’s my rule!” Chen Ping said nonchalantly!
Upon hearing this, Hong Yao and Lan Yao broke out in a cold sweat, realising that earlier they had only intended to trick Chen Ping, not genuinely kill him!
Otherwise, the two of them would probably be corpses by now!
“Master Chen, that person was called Tang Xiaoyi, a young master of the Tang Sect. While the Tang Sect’s strength isn’t top-tier, it’s not to be underestimated either. They hold a position in the Dao Sect and have some influence,” Hong Yao explained about the Tang Sect to Chen Ping!
“How does the Tang Sect’s strength compare to the Huo family?” Chen Ping asked!
“The Tang Sect naturally isn’t as strong as the Huo family, but the gap isn’t too wide,” Hong Yao replied!
“If I’m not even afraid of the Huo family, what’s the Tang Sect to me?” Chen Ping chuckled!
Hong Yao was taken aback, slightly embarrassed, “Master Chen, although the Tang Sect doesn’t match the Huo family, when the Triple Alliance is combined, even the Huo family isn’t their match.”
“The Triple Alliance?” Chen Ping paused, not understanding what that was!
“Master Chen, the Triple Alliance refers to three sects that, due to intermarriages, are now united as a single force.”
“That’s why we always call them the Triple Alliance. It includes the Tang Sect, then there’s the Qian Sect, whose members are skilled in divination and mystical calculations, and finally the Ling Sect, who love raising spiritual beasts and the like,” Lan Yao interjected to explain to Chen Ping!
“How does this Triple Alliance compare to Sun Moon City?” Chen Ping asked!
“That, I don’t know. After all, Sun Moon City is quite mysterious, and it’s said to be one of the top powers in the Celestial Realm. Whether the Triple Alliance can rival Sun Moon City, I wouldn’t dare to guess!” Lan Yao quickly shook her head!
“The Emperor of Sun Moon City is my little brother. Do you think I’d be afraid of some Triple Alliance?” Chen Ping sneered coldly, then turned and continued walking forward!
The two sisters watched Chen Ping, momentarily unsure whether that statement was just bragging or if he was genuinely that formidable!