The Great Hall of the Heavenly Martial Gate!
The hour was soon up, but the Dali head still hadn’t appeared, which proved that he hadn’t found Chen Ping’s shadow yet.
“Chen Ping the b*****d, I’ll kill him when I see him …………”
Xiaolan was full of indignation!
“An hour has come and gone, hasn’t King Miao come yet?”
At this time, Xia Chao led someone into the main hall.
“It’s probably on its way, we’re waiting ……”
Xiao Lan said hurriedly.
“Do you take me for a three-year-old child? How far is the distance from the Miao Village to the Heavenly Martial Sect? With their Grand Master’s strength, it only takes half an hour for a round trip, now it’s been an hour and they still haven’t arrived, so that proves that the Miao King won’t come, and it’s time for us to hold the ceremony ……”
Xia Chao said with the corner of his mouth raised.
Xiao Lan didn’t say anything, tightly biting her lips, anxious inside.
“Alright, don’t let me get rough with you, hurry up and put the cover on, it’s time for us to hold the ceremony ……”
Xia Chao saw that Xiao Lan was silent, so he said with some impatience.
“Xia Gongzi, we are in ……”
“I said, I won’t be waiting, can’t you hear me?”
Xia Chao glared at Xiaolan and roared with anger.
Xiao Lan knew that there was no way she could delay any longer, so she put her heart on the line, “Xia Chao, I will not marry you, if you want me, then you will only get my corpse ……”
The first thing you can do is to take the dagger and slash it towards your own neck.
Seeing this, Xia Chao took an arrow step forward and struck Xiaolan’s shoulder with a palm, causing the dagger in Xiaolan’s hand to instantly fall to the ground.
Seeing this, those members of the Miao Cottage flashed their weapons and prepared to rush out to kill them, but they were quickly subdued by the Tianwu Sect’s men.
Xia Chao controlled Xiao Lan and said with a playful expression, “You want to die, it’s not that easy, when I’m done with you, whether you die or live has nothing to do with me ……”
After saying that, Xia Chao directly carried Xiaolan towards the back bedroom.
“Let go of me, let go of me …………”
Xiao Lan shouted, but being controlled by Xia Chao, Xiao Lan could not move at all.
After entering the room, Xia Chao directly threw Xiao Lan onto the bed, a pair of eyes stared at Xiao Lan like a beast, as if staring at his prey, seeing this look from Xia Chao made Xiao Lan tremble in fear.
“Be good and obey, you can still live, otherwise I will make your life worse than death …………”
Xia Chao threatened at Xiaolan.
“Don’t look like this, scare me to death, I will be scared, since you like me, you should love me well, don’t you just want to sleep with me? I can satisfy you ……”
Suddenly, in the bed, Xiaolan spoke softly, her eyes were full of tenderness, and she twisted her body, showing a lot of flavor.
If it was a man who saw Xiaolan like this, he would definitely not be able to control himself.
This was Xiaolan’s charm technique. As she was no match for Xia Chao in terms of force, Xiaolan could only cast her own charm technique on him.
In front of her own charm, there is no man who will not compromise, except for that pervert Chen Ping ……
Seeing Xiao Lan that look, the original fierce and fierce Xia Chao, suddenly became a little dull, a lecherous smile looking at Xiao Lan: “Little beauty, I love you to death, you now quickly accompany me to have a good time ………… ”
After saying that, Xia Chao pounced towards Xiao Lan.
Xiao Lan hurriedly got up, but still was Xia Chao grabbed the hand, simply can not escape.
Xia Chao looked at Xiaolan lustfully, and one hand went towards Xiaolan’s waist, wanting to take Xiaolan into his arms.
“Don’t be in a hurry, let’s have some wine and flirt first ……”
Xiaolan pushed Xia Chao away.
“Good good …………” Xia Chao nodded his head repeatedly.
Xiao Lan walked towards the room’s wine cabinet and directly took a bottle of red wine and opened it, she now needed to stall for time, hoping that Dali head could get Chen Ping to come.
Seeing Xiaolan take down the red wine, the corners of Xia Chao’s mouth curved up!