“Ning Dahai, you’re still worried about your son, your son has long since abandoned you and fled, he’s probably all far away by now ……”
At this time, among the crowd watching the battle, someone . shouted.
Only then did Ning Hai notice that Ning Zhi had long since disappeared, and Chen Ping had only just noticed.
At first, Chen Ping’s attention was on Ning Hai and did not pay attention to Ning Zhi, but he did not expect this guy to escape.
When Ning Hai saw that his son had escaped, instead of getting angry, he laughed out loud, “Hahahaha, this time, my Ning family will not die ……”
“Even if your son escapes to the ends of the earth, I will still take his life ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly frozen and his voice was cold.
“You can’t kill my son, you can’t, because everyone here is going to die ……”
Ning Hai shouted with a face full of fierceness.
Immediately afterwards, he saw Ning Hai’s breath begin to applaud, and a light from his chest pierced through his skin and shone out.
This was the golden pellet in a martial artist’s body, only when they reached the Martial Marquis realm would they generate a golden pellet, but for a martial artist, only one in a hundred could generate a golden pellet.
A heaven-destroying force was constantly condensing on the golden elixir in Ning Hai’s chest!
“This Ning Hai is actually a Jindan Martial Marquis, he’s about to explode himself, run …………”
At this point, some of those watching the battle could see that Ning Hai was about to explode himself and began to desperately flee!
Soon, all those people watching the battle ran away, a Martial Marquis’ self-detonation was feared to be more powerful than hundreds of tons of explosives.
“Chen Ping, this time, I will die with you ……”
Ning Hai hissed at Chen Ping.
Just now, Ning Hai would rather be killed by Chen Ping than explode himself because of the presence of Ning Zhi and the crowd of the Ning Family.
If he blew himself up, then not a single member of the Ning Family would survive, and Ning Zhi would not live either.
So even if Ning Hai were to die, he would not explode himself and follow Chen Ping to his death!
But now it was different, since Chen Ping had no intention of sparing the Ning family, and since Ning Zhi had even escaped, Ning Dahai had no more worries.
“To die with me?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth curled into a cold smile, “I won’t stop you from exploding yourself, I just want to test whether my physical body can resist a Martial Lord’s self-destruction!”
Chen Ping didn’t stop Ning Hai, now he was already at the realm of YuanYing, as long as his YuanYing wasn’t destroyed, Chen Ping couldn’t die!
Even if his flesh was blown to pieces, he wouldn’t die.
This was Chen Ping’s strength, which was why he dared to try!
Chen Ping’s body shone with a dazzling golden light, his Unbreakable Golden Body was at its peak at this moment, and all the muscles of his body were contracting together.
“Master, don’t, don’t ah …………”
Those members of Ning’s family panicked when they saw that Ning Hai was about to explode himself!
They were blocking Ning Hai, not because they didn’t want Ning Hai to die, but they didn’t want to die themselves.
If Ning Hai blew himself up, none of them would survive ……
The Ning family’s housekeeper stepped forward, ready to stop Ning Hai from blowing himself up.
But who knew that just as the Ning family butler stepped forward, he was smashed in the head with a slap from Ning Hai.
“As a member of the Ning family, how can you be so greedy for life and death ……”
Ning Hai was like a madman at this moment, his eyes scarlet.
Seeing this scene, the hearts of the Ning family members shook, and after glancing at each other, they instantly surged towards Ning Dahai.
They wanted to stop Ning Dahai from blowing himself up, because if Ning Dahai blew himself up, they were bound to die!
And if Ning Dahai died, they might still have a ray of hope when they faced Chen Ping!
It looked like they were planning to kill Ning Hai to show off in front of Chen Ping, in exchange for a chance to live!
Ning Hai looked at those Ning family members who were rushing over like mad, and his entire body trembled with anger.
The extreme anger had long since rendered him speechless ……