The hilltop villa at Pan Long Bay!
Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo were sitting in the living room resting after going around, they never dreamed that they would be able to live in such a luxurious house!
Even though the house was only for them to live in temporarily, they were lucky enough!
“It seems that God has not been kind to our family, Chen Ping has just been released from prison and he has managed to bump into a nice girl like Yu Qi, I wonder how the two met!”
Tang Hongying said with a satisfied look on her face.
“Can’t figure it out, but looking at Miss Su, she’s quite a kind girl ……”
Chen Baoguo used to be a civil servant too, and had seen many different kinds of people, so he was very accurate in reading people!
“What do you think people are so rich, what do they see in Chen Ping?”
Deep down, Tang Hongying had always been a bit worried, after all, their family and others simply didn’t match!
But just as Chen Baoguo was about to speak, a man in a suit suddenly pushed the door in, the man’s sudden intrusion caused Chen Baoguo to faintly stare!
“Let me answer you, in fact, Yu Qi is just accompanying that Chen Ping to have some casual fun, do you really think that the titled Miss Su will take a fancy to your Chen Ping? Don’t daydream, don’t even think about it, what does your Chen Ping have?”
“He’s just a poor boy who graduated from an ordinary university and did time in jail. If your daughter were to fall for such a person, would you agree? It’s just that your family’s Chen Ping saved Yu Qi’s father’s life by mistake, so Yu Qi is acting so enthusiastically to repay the favour, and you really think the two of them will get married?”
“I am Yu Qi’s real boyfriend, and we have also known each other for many years, and we are a good match for each other, I advise you to die early, what kind of virtue your own son has, don’t you know yourselves?”
The man finished and smiled coldly towards Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying, his eyes full of mockery and disdain!
After listening to the man’s words, Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo’s faces turned red and white, but they had no words to refute, after all, what he said was the truth, their family was just an ordinary family, and Chen Ping was just an ordinary man who had been in jail.
Seeing Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo’s reaction, the man was satisfied and casually took out a pile of money from his bag and threw it in front of the two people: “Take the money and move out of here quickly yourself, if you are kicked out when the time comes, don’t blame me for being ruthless!”
After the man finished, he turned around and left, then got into a sports car outside the courtyard and left, leaving Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo sitting there dumbfounded.
It was as if the two people had been knocked down from the sky to the mortal world all of a sudden, coming back to reality.
After a long while, Chen Baoguo heaved a sigh, got up and started to pack up their things, for people of their status did not deserve to live here.
Tang Hongying, on the other hand, was slightly red-eyed, tears constantly in her eyes!
Chen Baoguo simply packed up and went up and gently patted Tang Hongying’s shoulder, “Go, when Chen Ping comes back, you can talk to him properly, let him realize the reality, he and Miss Su are not the same after all!”
Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying left and went back to the original house!
“Hongying, I heard that you followed Chen Ping to the big villa, why are you back again?”
A middle-aged woman asked curiously just after returning to the original house.
“Her Auntie Wang, it’s not that I’m not used to living here, so I’ve moved back ……”
Tang Hongying heard that the other party was her old neighbour Wang Changfeng, so she said with an awkward smile!
This Wang Changfeng is also not easy, the child is a teenager, her husband died, a person raised her daughter!
“Move back good, we old neighbours can still chat, Chen Ping just got out of jail, which is so good, lend him the big villa to live, be careful not to let people take advantage of it, when the time comes to go in once, this life will be ruined ……”
Wang Changfeng said regardless.
Although the words are not good, but there are no bad intentions, belong to the knife mouth bean curd heart kind.
“Got it ……” Tang Hongying smiled and nodded her head.