After Luo Jinyou came out of seclusion, he heard the butler talk about the recent events of the Luo Family.
It almost made Luo Jinyou angry, during the time he was in seclusion, the entire Luo family had undergone such a big change, not only the Luo family, but even the entire Northern Desert Martial Dao world, had suffered a heavy blow.
He had to know that the entire Northern Desert Martial Dao community was looking up to their Luo family, and now that they had suffered a heavy blow and were laughed at by the martial dao community, how could he, Luo Jinyou, swallow this anger.
“Uncle Luo, that Chen Ping killed my father and destroyed my Ning family, I am also at odds with him, I hope that Uncle Luo can provide me with some resources.”
“When I break through Martial Marquis, I will definitely kill Chen Ping in pieces, as well as those forces in his entourage, all together ……”
Ning Zhi also said with a cold glint in his eyes.
“Don’t worry, nephew Ning, we don’t have anything else in the Luo family, but our cultivation resources are inexhaustible, I’ll send someone to take you to the warehouse now!”
“The herbs and crystals inside, you can use them as much as you like ……”
Luo Jinyou said with a big wave of his hand.
“Then, thank you Uncle Luo!”
Ning Zhi hurriedly followed Luo Jinyou and thanked him, before being led by the butler to the warehouse.
Luo Jinyou, on the other hand, was holding his teacup with a cold light in his eyes, and with a slight force in his hand, the teacup simply crumbled!
“Chen Ping, I will definitely break you into pieces ……”
Luo Jinyou’s teeth clenched.
Chen Ping was hoofing it towards the Luo family in Mo Bei at this time, and when he arrived in Mo Bei, it was already a day later.
Luo Jinyou was sitting cross-legged in the courtyard, sipping his tea!
A copper pot was placed in front of Luo Jinyou, there was no tea inside the pot, but when Luo Jinyou picked up the pot and slowly poured it down, the tea flowed out from inside the pot, it was very novel!
This copper pot is a magic weapon, which is said to be a Xuan-rank magic weapon pa*sed down from the Luo family’s ancestors, containing the power of heaven and earth inside.
The tea that Luo Jinyou poured out of it was the best cultivation resource!
At this moment, in front of the Luo Family’s door, Chen Ping looked up at the two big words of the Luo Family in front of the door, his eyes bitterly cold!
Chen Ping knew that if the Luo Family hadn’t brought the Desolate North Martial Daoist Community to attack the Vicious Valley, the Vicious Valley wouldn’t have been easily overrun by the Ning Family, so the blood debt of the Luo Family was also on the lives of dozens of people in the Vicious Valley!
“Luo family, I’m coming ……”
Killing intent rose up from Chen Ping’s body.
If it wasn’t for Ning Zhi, he wouldn’t have found his way to the Luo family’s head just yet, after all, there were many things in Kyoto that he needed to deal with.
Looking at the gate in front of him, Chen Ping kicked it out.
Rumble …………
The gate, which was several meters high, collapsed with a bang under Chen Ping’s kick.
Luo Jinyou, who was originally drinking tea in the courtyard, stood up with a jolt, his brows furrowed tightly.
“Housekeeper, go and see what’s going on?”
Luo Jinyou said to the butler.
The housekeeper scrambled and ran towards the front yard with his men, wanting to see what was going on.
Seeing the butler go, Luo Jinyou sat back down again and continued to drink his tea!
In his opinion, no one dared to make trouble in front of the Mo Bei Luo family, so there must be some kind of accident.
The butler ran with his men to the front yard, and saw Chen Ping standing coldly in the middle of the yard, the gate collapsed on the ground.
“Who are you? You dare to barge into our Luo family, don’t you want to live?”
The steward scolded angrily at Chen Ping.
“Where is Luo Jinzuo, tell him to get out ……”
Chen Ping said coldly to the butler.
The butler froze and randomly said with a grim face, “Who the hell are you? Our second master has long since died, what are you looking for him for?”
The housekeeper thought that Chen Ping had come to seek revenge against Luo Jinzuo, after all, during the time when Luo Jinzuo was managing the Luo family, he had not attracted many enemies.
“Dead?” Chen Ping frowned, “How did he die?”
“It was killed by a fellow called Chen Ping, our master has already left the gate and will immediately go to seek revenge on that Chen Ping!”
The butler did not yet know that the person standing in front of him was Chen Ping.