Wang Lanlan also found out that Chen Ping’s car had collided with someone else’s car, and it was a Maserati, so she shrieked, “Chen Ping, you’ve won the lottery, what kind of car can you hit? …”
“I don’t need to bother you guys if I can afford it, that’s my own business!”
Chen Ping said coldly!
“Chen Ping, I can tell you, the company can’t give you an early paycheck, what are you driving around in a broken car, now you’re afraid you’re going to lose all your money ……”
The corners of Cui Zhiyuan’s mouth rose high, unable to hide the excitement on his face!
“Chen Ping, what the hell is going on here? You’re in trouble now ……”
Sun Xiaomeng asked to Chen Ping with a slight frown!
“It’s nothing big, isn’t it just bumping into the car?”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently, in his eyes, this was not even a matter!
“Crashed into the car? This is a Maserati, a multi-million dollar car, do you understand?”
Wang Lanlan said with a sneer on her face!
“Chen Ping, I advise you to usually ride an electric bike, you are not fit to drive, today you hit a Maserati, tomorrow a Porsche, even if you are sold, you can’t afford to pay for it ……”
The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a lot of money from the internet.
At that moment, the woman on the side saw Cui Zhiyuan and the others sneering at Chen Ping, and was even more convinced that Chen Ping was just a loser, a guy with no skills, so she shouted, “Kid, aren’t you crazy? You still want to knock my car off the road, if you have the guts to do so ……”
The woman provoked Chen Ping and kept on stimulating him!
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public.
“Chen Ping, you’re crazy, come down ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get out of the car. If you crash it on impulse, you won’t be able to pay for it even if you sell your house. ……”
The first time I saw him, I had to pay a lot of money, and if Chen Ping couldn’t afford it, he would have to go to his own family to borrow money!
“Xiaomeng, what do you care about him? Isn’t he a bully? Let him hit it, if he can’t pay, let him go on to jail, it’s not like he hasn’t done it before anyway ……”
Cui Zhiyuan was cold-faced, displeased with Sun Xiaomeng for stopping Chen Ping!
“This is not a joke, Chen Ping’s family can’t afford to pay even if they sell their house, what will his parents do then?”
Sun Xiaomeng glared at Cui Zhiyuan and said.
Although Sun Xiaomeng did not like Chen Ping, nor did she like the Chen Ping family much, after all, in her heart, the Chen Ping family was just looking at her family’s money and deliberately came to curry favour with them!
But it doesn’t mean that Sun Xiaomeng wants Chen Ping’s family to be ruined. If Chen Ping really crashes into them on impulse, he is afraid that the family will be lost!
When Cui Zhiyuan saw that Sun Xiaomeng was protecting Chen Ping, his eyes were filled with anger!
Chen Ping gave Sun Xiaomeng a look, and his opinion of Sun Xiaomeng had changed a lot.
Just then, two vans came rushing by, followed by a dozen fierce and fierce big men with sticks in their hands coming down!
“Hubby ……” the woman ran towards a man in a tracksuit and then said in a petulant voice, “Hubby, someone just hit me… …”
The man looked at the woman’s face and was instantly enraged, his face chilling as he said, “Who the hell hit my wife, stand out for me ……”