Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Old Fan, it’s okay, I have confidence ……”
When Old Fan saw how confident Chen Ping was, he could not say anything else!
Ever since Chen Ping had promised to follow Kuroki Kawasaki in three days, the island martial arts community had started to build up a lot of momentum and had made it mandatory for the heavy hitters in the martial arts community to visit!
For this would be Kuroki Kawasaki’s last fight, and no one would ever see this island’s number one samurai again!
Many people got the news and started to leave very early for the crater of Mount Fuji!
Although the general public couldn’t reach the crater, they did their best to climb Mount Fuji to the highest position they could reach!
Before the day of the battle had even arrived, Mount Fuji was already overflowing with people!
All these people had come to witness their island’s first samurai!
An immortal who had survived for almost two hundred years!
Even the island officials were watching closely, as everyone on the island was fascinated by the battle for the ages!
Three days were fast approaching!
Chen Ping took Hu Ma Zi and Lao Fan with him and headed for the crater of Mount Fuji!
This time he didn’t take Fumio Watanabe with him because the Watanabe family now had many matters that needed to be dealt with by Fumio Watanabe!
Among them was the construction of the shrine, which also required Watanabe Fumio to keep an eye on!
When Chen Ping arrived, they were stunned by the sight before them.
The whole mountain was filled with people!
Muto Shinichi had been standing at the foot of the mountain as he waited anxiously for Chen Ping to arrive!
He was afraid that Chen Ping would miss his appointment, in which case there would be no way for them to explain to the crowd!
So many people were watching this matter, even the officials were paying close attention!
If Chen Ping didn’t come, how could Shinichi Muto explain?
But when he saw Chen Ping’s car slowly approaching, his hanging heart finally let go!
“Mr. Chen, I didn’t expect you to be quite punctual ……”
Muto Shinichi said.
“I’m always on time, especially for this kind of ten-to-one match ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“You’re arrogant ……”
Muto Shinichi said with a raised corner of his mouth.
“It’s not arrogance, it’s confidence ……”
Chen Ping said calmly.
“Very well, your confidence, I hope your confidence can be maintained until the end ……”
After Muto Shinichi finished speaking, he turned around and looked at the!
The dense crowd soon parted a path!
Chen Ping followed behind Shinichi Muto and slowly walked towards the mountain!
All along the way, everyone was talking about Chen Ping!
“Is this guy the one who destroyed the Four Great Shrines? It’s too young ……”
“Could there be a mistake, this guy looks like he’s in his twenties, right?”
“Just like that, I could kill him with one punch, do I still need to use Kuroki Kawasaki-senpai’s hand?”
Everyone was looking at Chen Ping in disbelief!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others arrived at the bottom of the crater, and it would take a certain amount of strength to climb up to the crater!
At this moment, although there were also quite a few people in the crater, but these were all very powerful people in the island’s martial arts community, most of them were of the strength of the Great Wuhan!
“Kuroki Kawasaki senpai is waiting for you inside the crater, you need to go up there yourself, I don’t have that strength ……”
Muto Shinichi said.
Chen Ping glanced at the crater and took a violent leap, his whole body was like an arrow off the string and shot straight up to the clouds!
With just this slight leap, Chen Ping actually leapt up tens of meters straight up!
He then stepped on the stone wall with his toes, and his figure rose again!
In just two leaps, he reached the edge of the crater!
At this moment, there were many people standing at the edge of the crater, and those who could stand here were all experts in the island’s martial arts world!
And that Kawaguchi Kazuo was among them!
Seeing Kawaguchi Kazuo, Chen Ping’s gaze paused on him for a moment, feeling Chen Ping’s gaze, Kawaguchi Kazuo’s body shook slightly and hurriedly hid behind the people around him!