The golden dragon roared, and heaven and earth trembled!
Boom!
Accompanied by a flash of golden light, the crowd was unable to open their eyes from the flashes!
The entire mountain where the Two Yi Sect was located shook continuously, and the void became distorted!
When the golden light slowly dispersed, the crowd opened their eyes and were surprised to find that there was no trace of the formation anywhere on the martial arts arena!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was standing quietly in the middle of the martial arts arena with his Dragon Slashing Sword in hand!
The three formations had been broken by Chen Ping with a single stroke of his sword!
It was still broken by force!
Everyone’s mouths grew so big that they could have stuffed an egg in their mouths!
They could not believe that Chen Ping had actually done it!
Even White Chicory was a bit shocked, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to be so powerful, breaking three formations with a single sword!
Peng Wu, not to mention, the whole person was dumbfounded, staring blankly at the martial arts arena, muttering, ‘Impossible, this is impossible, how is it possible?’
‘He’s only a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, how could this be possible?’
Peng Wu was very puzzled inwardly, he did not understand how Chen Ping did it!
But the facts were right in front of him, Peng Wu couldn’t believe it even if he didn’t!
‘Mr Chen, awesome …………’
Gu Tianzhao directly jumped up happily, cheering for Chen Ping!
In the entire Two Yi Sect, Gu Tianzhao was the only one who yelled excitedly!
At this moment, Gu Tianzhao no longer cared about that Peng Wu’s feelings, anyway, Peng Wu could not be the Sect Leader anymore in the future, so Gu Tianzhao was not afraid!
Chen Ping leapt down from the martial arts arena and walked up to Peng Wu and said, ‘Sect Master Peng, I apologise, is it possible for you to give me the spirit pen in your hand?’
Peng Wu held the spirit pen, it was his lifeblood, giving it to Chen Ping just like that, he was not willing ah!
‘You cheated, it’s impossible, you can’t forcefully break through my formation.’
‘I don’t believe you are that powerful, it must be Master Bai helping you behind the scenes.’
This guy Peng Wu started to play tricks!
He didn’t believe that Chen Ping had this kind of ability, it must be White Chicory secretly helping behind the scenes!
‘Peng Wu, are you trying to play tricks?’
White Chicory said with a frown!
Feeling the terrifying aura on Bai Chicory’s body, Peng Wu shook his head and said, ‘Master Bai, I’m not cheating, but I don’t believe that he has this kind of strength.’
‘Now you can let him lay down an array as well, I’ll break his array, that’s what was said at the beginning.’
‘If he breaks my three formations by burning incense, I can also break his three formations by burning incense.’
Peng Wu didn’t want to hand over the Spirit Brush, nor did he want to hand over the position of Sect Master!
Now he could only play tricks like this!
‘Peng Wu, just now you weren’t ……’
White Chicory wanted to refute Peng Wu, but was interrupted by Chen Ping with a wave of his hand, then looked at Peng Wu with a cold smile and said, ‘Okay, you only need to burn incense to break one of my formations, then it will be counted as a win for you.’
‘This is what you said, set up a formation ……’
When Peng Wu heard this, he immediately got his spirit back!
He didn’t believe that Chen Ping was able to lay down any profound spell formations!
Chen Ping carved a few formation patterns with his hand in the void on the martial arts arena, and then the formation patterns roared down to form a spell formation!
Seeing that Chen Ping had laid down a spell formation so simply, then surely this spell formation would not be too powerful!
Seeing this, Gu Tianzhao’s originally happy expression became nervous again!
While Chen Ping and Peng Wu were competing, Gu Tianzhao was in a hurry to follow along with the ice and fire!
‘With this formation, I won’t be able to use an incense stick of time.’
Peng Wu saw the formation that Chen Ping had laid down, it was as simple as it could be, this kind of formation was the best to crack!
Peng Wu leapt onto the martial arts field, then his hands crossed in the void, a ray of light lit up as he began to look for the location of the formation eye!
Soon, the location of the formation eye was found by Peng Wu, then Peng Wu happily stepped forward and gently slapped his palm on the location of that formation eye!
The formation, in that instant, all of a sudden, dissipated with a bang!
‘Hahahahaha, just this kind of formation, it’s too easy ……’
‘I won, I won ……’
‘Hahahaha …………’
Peng Wu laughed madly!