“You mean I’m not good enough for you?” Xing Jun asked.
“What do you think?” Su Yuqi asked in return!
Xing Jun suddenly smiled to himself, “Yes, I’m not worthy of you, I’m of low status, but why would you rather find a reformed labourer who’s been in prison than give me a chance? Am I hardly worse than that reformed labourer?”
Xing Jun suddenly became agitated and his tone of voice intensified a bit!
Seeing Xing Jun say this, Su Yuqi frowned: “What I’m looking for has nothing to do with you in the slightest, and you’re not qualified to ask ……”
“Do you know what kind of person that Chen Ping is? Not only is he a reformer, he’s also a philandering man, he’s had a girlfriend for a long time, do you know that? You were cheated by him ……”
Xing Jun said, taking out his phone and showing Su Yuqi those photos of Chen Ping and Wang Hanhan together!
Su Yuqi looked at the photos and her face became increasingly ugly, to the point where her entire eyebrows were knitted together in the end!
Seeing this expression on Su Yuqi’s face, Xing Jun was secretly pleased and immediately said while the iron was hot: “This girl is called Wang Han Han, she is Chen Ping’s girlfriend, they have known each other since they were young, the two of them were childhood friends, now they both work in Xin Yu Company, and this job, or that Chen Ping found this Wang Han Han for this Wang Han!”
Su Yuqi did not say anything, quietly looking at the two people in the photo!
“Yu Qi, I am true to you, I would never cheat you, what does this Chen Ping have? Where is he better than me?”
Xing Jun continued to show his heart!
Slap …………
Just as Xing Jun finished his words, suddenly Su Yuqi gave him a fierce slap.
This slap directly knocked Xing Jun blinded, his face was full of incredulity as he looked at Su Yuqi, he didn’t understand why Su Yuqi hit himself!
“Xing Jun, you dare to steal fear from Chen Ping? Did you think that I would accept you just because of this? You are wrong, very wrong, I believe Chen Ping will not cheat me, and you don’t need to use these photos to tell me anything, don’t you want to know where Chen Ping is better than you? I can tell you, you’re not even as good as one of his little thumbs!”
After Su Yuqi finished speaking, she got up with her bag on her back and left!
Xing Jun touched his beaten red face, and a ghastly and terrifying glint flooded his eyes!
“Su Yuqi, you forced me to do this, you forced me to do this …………”
Xing Jun gritted his teeth and said one word at a time!
Su Yuqi’s eyebrows knitted together once again after she walked out of the western restaurant!
Although she said that she believed in Chen Ping and didn’t care at all, when she saw the intimate way Chen Ping was following Wang Han Han, she was long going to explode with anger!
Women were all jealous creatures, how could she watch her man get so close to another woman and remain indifferent!
Taking out her mobile phone, Su Yuqi called Chen Ping directly. In the past few days, Su Yuqi had been looking for medicinal herbs and had not contacted Chen Ping, but she didn’t want this guy to be flirting with another woman behind her back!
At this moment, Chen Ping was having lunch with Wang Han Han and Sun Xiaomeng, because he had a short break at noon, so he could only have a bite at the stall near the company!
When he saw Su Yuqi calling him, Chen Ping hurriedly got up and went to the side and picked up the phone!
“Where are you?” Su Yuqi asked directly.
“I’m …… I’m at home!”
Chen Ping didn’t want Su Yuqi to know that he was working at her company, besides, Chen Ping wouldn’t be able to work for long, after he had gathered the herbs, found the spirit pen and cured his mother’s eyes, Chen Ping wouldn’t be working!
He had to put his energy into his cultivation, otherwise the 15th of July was getting closer and closer, and if Chen Ping couldn’t reach his strength, there would be no way to go to Nameless Island!
“At home?” Su Yuqi forced down the anger in her heart, “Fine, you stay at home!”
After saying that, Su Yuqi directly hung up the phone!