“Mr. Chen, you …… you turned out to be a god, it is my foolishness that I have overlooked Mr. Chen.”
Watanabe Fumio hurriedly came forward to apologize!
If he knew that Chen Ping was a god, then he was going to offer Chen Ping up.
“A god?” Chen Ping was stunned, not understanding what Watanabe Fumio was talking about!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly followed Chen Ping and explained, and only then did Chen Ping realise that it was Old Fan who had stirred things up!
One should know that the islanders were very religious about gods.
“Watanabe Family Master, you can now take me to Watanabe Fumihishi.”
Chen Ping had just been promoted, so he couldn’t wait to find someone to actually perform it.
“Good!” Watanabe Fumio nodded repeatedly ……
………………
Watanabe Fumio’s villa!
This was not far from Watanabe Fumio’s villa, only a few miles away.
At this moment, Watanabe Fumikishi and his son Watanabe Taro were watching the direction of Watanabe Fumio’s villa.
“Father, what just arrived? Is it going to be a big rainstorm?”
Watanabe Taro asked, puzzled.
Watanabe Fumio also frowned slightly, with a puzzled look on his face, “It shouldn’t be, I haven’t heard that there will be a heavy rainstorm either, so how could the sky suddenly change?”
“Don’t worry about it, hurry up and get ready, go to your grandfather’s place, the election is coming up, this time I must sit as the head of the family.”
Watanabe Fumikishi walked back to his room.
But not long after Watanabe Fumikishi returned to his room, Watanabe Fumio arrived with Chen Ping!
Looking at the door in front of him, Chen Ping kicked it over, and the pure copper door was instantly shattered!
Hearing the commotion, the guards of Watanabe Fumikishi’s house rushed out with their katanas, and dozens of them directly surrounded Chen Ping!
Watanabe Fumikishi also came out of the room in a huff!
When he saw that it was Watanabe Fumio with a young man, he couldn’t help but frown!
“Brother, what do you mean by that? Bringing someone to smash my door?”
Watanabe Fumio asked as he turned to Watanabe Fumio.
“I’m not here to smash your door, I’m here to find you, haven’t you always wanted to take revenge for your son? Your enemy is right in front of your eyes.”
Watanabe Fumio said as he pointed at Chen Ping.
Watanabe Fumio faintly stared, then looked at Chen Ping and said with a frown, “He is Chen Ping?”
Chen Ping nodded, “Not bad, I am Chen Ping, I killed Watanabe Ichiro.”
“Impossible, that Chen Ping was killed by Kawaguchi Kazuo a long time ago, how could you still be alive.”
Watanabe Fumikishi didn’t believe it at all!
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “If you don’t believe me, you can call Kawaguchi Ichio and ask him, will it be clear soon?”
“Just like Kawaguchi Kazuo, he is also worthy of killing me?”
Chen Ping’s words made Watanabe Fumikishi’s face turn a little ugly, then he gave a wink towards Watanabe Taro, which was intended to let Watanabe Taro call Kawaguchi Kazuo to confirm it!
However, after Watanabe Taro had called for half a day, Kawaguchi Ichio did not pick up, and at this point Watanabe Fumishi’s eyes narrowed slightly and he began to believe it somewhat.
“Big brother, as the head of the Watanabe family, but you colluded with an enemy, what is your intention? Don’t you know that he is the one who killed Ichiro?”
Watanabe Fumikishi questioned Watanabe Fumio.
But who knew that Watanabe Fumio laughed coldly, “Fumishi, you don’t have to say anything, what wouldn’t you do to compete with me for the family head? Now you and I have broken our brotherhood!”
“You followed that old pipsqueak Kazuo Watanabe and conspired to deliberately try to send Yumiko to the shrine, I will never agree to that.”
Upon hearing this, Watanabe Fumikishi sneered, “Watanabe Fumio, do you think that by colluding with this Chen Ping, you can defy grandfather’s orders? What you have done today has saved me a lot of trouble ……”
“Do it, kill this kid for me ……”
Watanabe Fumihishi waved his hand, and at once dozens of guards all rushed towards Chen Ping.