Mu Naiyi was shocked and hurriedly raised her arms, but the frost on her arms did not disappear!
Mu Naiyi panicked, she cultivated the Ice System Technique, she was immune to this kind of cold, how could she be frozen?
Just as Mu Naiyi was at a loss for words, the huge ice block began to crumble and finally broke apart completely!
Chen Ping’s figure also shot up into the sky!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping’s entire body emitted a golden light, the entire person was like a Great Luo Golden Immortal, and the huge fist shadow came straight towards Mu Naiyi!
Mu Naiyi was shocked and instinctively wanted to block, but his arms were frozen, and there was no way to perform his feats!
Boom!
The punch smashed Munaiyi straight to the ground!
“I’ll let you bully, I’ll let you bully …………”
Chen Ping levitated in mid-air, golden fist prints, smashing his fist onto that Mu Naiyi’s body!
The entire clan trembled as Mu Naiyi let out an angry roar!
“Chen, it’s too good ……”
Seeing this scene, Bing Lu and the others shouted out in joy!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the others, on the other hand, were filled with shock, incredulously saying “Too bullish, a fourth rank of the Transition Realm, riding the peak of the Transition Realm and violently beating him?”
“What kind of fist technique is this, it looks very grand!”
Everyone present was shocked, they felt that it was unbelievable, they did not understand how Chen Ping, a fourth level of the Transition realm, came to have such a terrifying strength!
Mu Yao and those Mu family members were all dumbfounded when they saw Mu Naiyi being smashed on the ground with a fist!
Just now, they were secretly happy that Chen Ping was not Mu Naiyi’s opponent, but in the blink of an eye, the situation was reversed!
They really could not have imagined that Chen Ping would be alive in that big ice block of cold tide.
At this moment, Mu Naiyi’s body had been smashed into the ground long ago, but Chen Ping did not relax for a second, and his fist was still blasting down!
The clothes on Mu Naiyi’s body had long since been torn and tattered!
As the eldest Miss of the Mu Family, now that she had been beaten even though, her clothes were all torn and tattered and gone naked, this made Mu Naiyi not be able to bear it at all!
“Ah …………”
Mu Naiyi’s face flushed red as she let out a roar like a fierce beast!
Immediately after Mu Naiyi’s body erupted with a stream of white cold mist that wrapped her body!
She couldn’t let anyone just look at her naked!
This humiliation was even worse than killing her!
“I want you to die, I must want you to die ……”
Mu Naiyi roared, she couldn’t wait to eat Chen Ping directly with her alive!
“Damn, still dare to scream ……”
Chen Ping’s face was grim as his palms immediately struck out an endless storm!
The storm surged wildly, directly blowing away Mu Naiyi’s white cold mist that was covering her body!
This time, Mu Naiyi was exposed to the eyes of everyone!
“Close your eyes, all close your eyes ……”
Seeing this, Mu Yao hurriedly told the Mu Family crowd to close their eyes.
He, however, secretly opened his eyes from time to time to steal a glance, after all, the Mu Family’s eldest young lady, very noble, Mu Yao didn’t have this kind of opportunity to look twice!
Bing Lu and the others, on the other hand, burst into laughter, their faces all teasing!
This Mu Naiyi had killed so many of their sisters, and deserved to be like this now!
The other cultivators didn’t care, each one of them stared with wide eyes and discussed it in a critical manner!
“Worthy of being the eldest Miss of the Mu Family, her skin is so good.”
“Look how white it is, probably due to practising ice techniques, the entire skin is crystal clear.”
“This time is really not in vain, even if we don’t get any treasures, to be able to appreciate the Mu family’s great miss body, it’s still a death without regrets ah.”
Mu Naiyi trembled as the crowd’s comments all travelled into her ears!
Chen Ping was looking at Mu Naiyi with a cold smile, not even blinking!
In Chen Ping’s case, there was no pity, there was only a strong killing intent!
Mu Naiyi had killed so many Holy Maidens, Chen Ping wanted to avenge them!