“Where did you get this …… coin?”
Ji Cheng asked as he stepped forward and grabbed Ji Yun’s hand holding the ancient coin with a death grip.
“This was given to me by my father.”
Ji Yun said!
“What is your father’s name?” Ji Cheng pursued!
“Ji Lianzhuang ……”
When Ji Yun said his father’s name out, Ji Cheng’s body was trembling slightly!
“Ji Lianzhuang …… Ji Lianzhuang ……” Ji Cheng said the name repeatedly and suddenly hugged Ji Yun!
“You …… you are actually the son of the third uncle, I didn’t expect you to be the son of the third uncle, is the third uncle okay?”
Ji Cheng was so excited that he couldn’t stop his tears from flowing out!
Chen Ping looked at Ji Cheng in that manner, it was not a fake and sympathetic gesture, but a genuine emotion!
Ji Yun also felt Ji Cheng’s sincerity, and the tears in her eyes were also welling up!
“My dad is fine, he just asked me to bring the token to the Ji family this time, and to see grandpa his old man on the way.”
Ji Yun hurriedly said!
Ji Cheng hugged Ji Yun and cried for a while before he released Ji Yun and wiped his tears!
“Brother, if you come home with me, your eldest uncle will definitely die of joy if he knows it’s you.”
Ji Cheng pulled on Ji Yun and walked in the direction of the Ji family!
“Big brother, that Second Master Ji just now, should be Second Uncle, why aren’t you with him?”
Ji Yun asked in a very puzzled manner!
“Brother, you’ve just arrived, the Ji family doesn’t know much about the situation, let’s talk about it as we walk ……”
Ji Cheng sighed lightly, then followed Ji Yun to introduce the situation of the Ji family!
After Ji Cheng’s introduction, Chen Ping counted on understanding that the old master of the Ji family had three sons, namely Ji Lianjun, Ji Lianying, and Ji Lianzhang.
The oldest Ji Lian Jun had a son and two daughters in his lap, Ji Cheng was the oldest, and below that, there was the eldest sister, Ji Meiyan, and the second sister, Ji Meiling.
The second Ji Lianying has one son and one daughter, respectively son Ji Yue, daughter Ji Meizhen.
Below that was Ji Yun!
“Brother, you’re the youngest in our Ji family, that would be sixth brother.”
Ji Cheng said as he happily took Ji Yun’s hand!
As for why Ji Cheng was not with his second uncle, Ji Lianying, Ji Cheng did not go into details, he just made a random excuse!
Chen Ping on the side was able to see that the situation in the Ji family was complicated, and that Ji Cheng might have a mouthful to say!
Through this way of talking, each other are also familiar with, Chen Ping can see, this Ji Cheng for people loyal, treating Ji Yun that is from the heart like!
Soon, several people came to a huge mansion!
Inside this mansion, there were all kinds of trees growing, and below was a gurgling stream, which was quite a Jiangnan flavour!
Just by looking at this mansion, one could also see that the Ji Family was definitely one of the top families in this Yellow Blue City!
After entering the courtyard, there were two girls who looked almost identical to each other, wearing white dresses, with a fairy-like aura!
“Brother, are there guests in the house?”
The two girls greeted them and said to Ji Cheng!
“Big sister, second sister, let me introduce you, this is Third Uncle’s son, Ji Yun, our sixth brother.”
“These two are Sixth Brother’s friends, Chen Ping, Fire Phoenix ……”
Ji Cheng introduced the two girls!
“Sixth brother, this is your eldest sister Ji Meiyan, this is your second sister Ji Meiling, the two of them are twins!”
Ji Cheng pointed at the two girls again and said!
“Big sister, second sister ……”
Ji Yun greeted the two girls after them very politely!
“Third Uncle’s son? Really?” The two girls sized up Ji Yun, then that Ji Meiyan said “Brother, you’re not mistaken, Uncle San hasn’t been heard from for how many years, how did a son suddenly appear, it’s not a liar, right?”
Ji Meiling also followed, “Yes, it’s not a fraud, is it? There have been many people pretending to be from our Ji family over the years.”
The words of the two girls made Ji Yun very embarrassed!