Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Chen Ping followed Ji Yun to return to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty in a dirigible!
Along the way, because of Zhong Li’s company, Chen Ping wasn’t lonely, night after night!
It was only Ji Yun who suffered, acting as a light bulb every day!
Upon arriving at the Xiao Dynasty, Xiao Yuanshan and Xiao Feng, on the other hand, personally came to greet Chen Ping, and also brought a dozen or so of the Xiao Dynasty’s strongest men with them!
The moment Chen Ping stepped down from the blimp, these people all froze!
Chen Ping had actually reached the ninth rank of the Transition Realm!
It was outrageous!
One must know that when Chen Ping had just left, he was only at the seventh level of the Transitional Apparition Realm, how could he have risen to the ninth level of the Transitional Apparition Realm in just a few days after leaving?
This is too perverted, isn’t it?
Raising two realms at once?
Although there were legends of raising two realms at once, no one had ever seen it!
Now that they saw Chen Ping raise two realms at once, they were all shocked!
“Mr Chen, you must have had some strange encounter this time, right?”
Xiao Yuanshan asked curiously!
Chen Ping, however, shook his head, “There wasn’t any strange encounter, I just repaired the sword in my hand.”
At the Refining Sect’s Sword Washing Pool, Chen Ping did not feel that it was any kind of strange encounter either!
“Your Majesty, the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance are here ……”
Just as Xiao Yuanshan greeted Chen Ping, someone suddenly came to report!
The crowd fist looked up and found clumps of dozens of powerful people from the Demon Sealing Alliance flying in the void of that sky!
The leader was still that Patriarch Zhou!
These people were all at the Mahayana realm, with a strong aura!
At this time, Patriarch Zhou also had a worried look on his face, he originally wanted to be a bystander, and then flee when he saw that things were not good!
But he didn’t want to be sent out by Zuo Tianzheng directly as a vanguard!
Zuo Tianzheng and Na Luota, on the other hand, were behind the crowd!
This time, it wouldn’t be easy for Patriarch Zhou to escape!
When the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance arrived in front of them, these powerful people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty all had rays of hatred erupting from their eyes!
Patriarch Zhou placed his gaze on Chen Ping!
When he saw that Chen Ping had actually reached the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, his face changed slightly and he was inwardly shocked!
How did this fellow ascend so quickly?
It was also too perverted!
Patriarch Zhou’s face was gloomy and gloomy!
Xiao Yuanshan, on the other hand, was staring deathly behind Patriarch Zhou and the others, his eyes filled with worry!
“The Demon Sealing Alliance has found another expert ……”
Xiao Yuanshan said worriedly!
Chen Ping was also able to sense that aura in the distant sky, an absolute expert!
Possibly, it was higher than even the strength of that 10th Highness!
However, Chen Ping’s realm was now elevated, and when the time came to let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch take control of his physical body, he might still be able to resist a little!
“I don’t know, if Daoist Wuji will still come this time!”
Xiao Feng spoke!
Chen Ping did not say anything, after all, that Wuji Daoist was not coming at him either!
Buzz!
Suddenly, the sky trembled, and the next moment from within that void, Zuo Tian was slowly coming after that Luo Tower!
Luo Ta was several metres tall and looked very fierce!
Zuo Tianzheng followed Luo Ta with a coy look!
Luo Ta’s appearance caused the entire void to distort!
With every step, the buildings under his feet would turn into ashes!
When the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty saw this, all of them had faces that were hard to see!
Especially Xiao Yuanshan, his brows twisted into a Chuan character!
“Greetings to Officiant Luo ……”
Patriarch Zhou led dozens of Mahayana realm experts from the Demon Sealing Alliance to salute towards Luo Ta in unison!
This was also to give Luo Ta enough face so that Luo Ta could pretend to be a bully in front of the crowd of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Luo Ta was very flattered and had a faint smile on his face!
Xiao Yuanshan stared at that Luo Ta with an unprecedentedly grave expression.
“This person’s strength is afraid to be above that 10th Highness ……”
Chen Ping slowly spoke!
Xiao Yuanshan did not say a word, of course he could see it as well, he did not expect that there would be so many strong people behind the Demon Sealing Alliance!
A tenth highness had put the Xiao Imperial Dynasty in a desperate situation, and now this person was stronger than even that tenth highness!
The Xiao Imperial Dynasty is in danger ……