Worthy of being a large inn, there was a separate Spirit Gathering Array inside the room, as well as a shielding array, meant to keep the cultivators staying inside from being disturbed!
“Take an early rest, tomorrow before taking me around Beast City ……”
Chen Ping said to the youngest sister!
“Good!”After Missy said that, she started to take off her clothes!
“What are you going to do?”Chen Ping was startled at the sight!
“Strip ah, sleep does not take off clothes?”
Missy said as she took off her clothes and ended up lying on the bed in her underwear!
Chen Ping is very speechless at the moment, he feels that the youngest sister seems to want to use himself, so he will do this, so that he can seduce himself!
Looking at the youngest sister close at hand, the body exudes a young girl’s body fragrance, Chen Ping does have some excitement!
But this youngest sister has nothing to do with Chen Ping, Chen Ping can not be in order to vent, and put people to sleep!
If you really sleep, Chen Ping is afraid that it will not be able to go, will certainly be the youngest sister entangled, to save her brother!
In the end, Chen Ping had no choice but to call out the sword spirit Zhong Li!
Chen Ping held Zhong Li tossed for a night!
And the youngest sister listened to the commotion, but also did not sleep all night!
The next morning, the youngest sister viciously glared at Chen Ping, she knew that Chen Ping was deliberate!
From the inn, Chen Ping directly in accordance with the location given by Uncle Qian, to find the official purchase of immortal spirit stone place!
This official purchase of immortal spirit stone place, is a two-storey small building, the door also has a signboard in, in the beast city of several major streets, there is this kind of official purchase of the place!
After Chen Ping followed the youngest sister in, someone immediately greeted him and asked, “Fellow Daoist, are you selling Immortal Spirit Stones?”
“Yes, but before selling, I would like to meet the person in charge of your place.”
Chen Ping said to the fellow in that shop!
“We are an official purchase shop here, it’s fair and square, you don’t need to find our shopkeeper, the purchase price is the same.”
That mate said to Chen Ping!
And the tone of his voice was also very disdainful, he simply looked down on Chen Ping!
Selling just a piece of Immortal Spirit Stone and still wanting to see the person in charge, that mate would definitely not agree!
“I have more Immortal Spirit Stones here, so I have to see the person in charge of your shop.”
Chen Ping explained!
“How many Immortal Spirit Stones can you have? If you still have to meet our shopkeeper, it’s only ten, twenty at most!”
The mate snorted coldly!
Chen Ping did not speak, but opened his storage bag, which contained countless Immortal Spirit Stones, and there were also many large chunks, all of which were very rare!
The fellow looked dumbfounded, and his attitude followed and changed immediately!
“Fellow Daoist, upstairs please, I will immediately go and call our shopkeeper!”
The mate brought Chen Ping and the others upstairs, and then went to ask the shopkeeper!
Not too long after, the shopkeeper was invited, but when Chen Ping saw the person who came, he immediately froze!
Because the shopkeeper was the green-robed middle-aged man who had been caught by himself.
This green-robed middle-aged man was most afraid of death, so he had always been the one praying for his life!
And that green-robed middle-aged man also instantly froze after seeing Chen Ping, his face full of incredulity!
“Boss, this Taoist friend has Immortal Spirit Stones for sale, and there are a lot of them.”
The mate said to the green-robed middle-aged man!
The green-robed middle-aged man snapped out of his shock and hurriedly feigned ignorance as he said to Chen Ping, “Fellow Daoist, since you have a large amount of Immortal Spirit Stones for sale, then come with me inside the room to discuss in detail!”
The green-robed middle-aged man wanted to bring Chen Ping into the room, otherwise the matter of them climbing out privately would be leaked, then they would all be exterminated from their nine clans!
“Good!”Chen nodded and followed the green-robed middle-aged man into a room!
There was also a shielding formation inside the room, so it should be the room for negotiating big clients!
“How did you get here? Didn’t I say that after bringing you to Beast City, you won’t know anyone anymore, and you shouldn’t be looking for us.”
That green-robed middle-aged man said with some exasperation!