“Kill …………”
Chen Ping roared out and took the lead in charging towards the three Origin Illusion Beasts!
Seeing Chen Ping’s courageous appearance, Ji Meiyan was happy and worried!
To be able to become the woman of such a talented person, Ji Meiyan was happy from the bottom of her heart.
However, she was worried that Chen Ping alone could not deal with the three Origin Illusionary Beasts with his physical strength and fists alone!
Ji Meiyan quietly put her hand on her waist, as long as Chen Ping had the intention of not being defeated, she immediately drew her sword and stepped forward to help!
Chen Ping erupted with the most primal strength, punching the three Origin Illusionary Beasts one by one!
It took more than an hour before Chen Ping smashed the three Origin Illusion Beasts alive!
As for Chen Ping himself, he was also panting as he lay on the ground, his forehead covered in cold sweat!
“Chen Ping, are you alright ……”
Ji Meiyan hurriedly ran over and helped Chen Ping up!
“It’s fine!” Chen Ping shook his head!
Right at this moment, Chen Ping suddenly felt a roar in his mind, as if some sort of power had broken through the restrictions, and his entire body felt much more permeable!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly entered the Origin Space with his divine sense and raised his eyes to find that the star of the Golden Origin had already lit up!
“Hahaha, the Golden Origin sense has been realised ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s body instantly formed a suction force, and all of those Origin Breaths that were laxly dispersed from the Origin Phantom Beast that had just beheaded that Origin Phantom Beast, all of them were now surging towards Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping hurriedly sat down on his knees and pulled this gold origin into the origin space, which was then absorbed by the star of the gold origin!
The star of the Golden Origin became brighter!
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan, who was on the side, was also overjoyed, she did not expect Chen Ping to perceive the Golden Origin so quickly, it was only one night’s time!
After Chen Ping absorbed those Origin Breaths that entered his body, he slowly got up and was also excited inside!
With the Golden Origin, Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body would increase in power exponentially, and by then, it would be hard as hell for anyone to hurt him!
Now that Chen Ping had the Gold Origin, Thunder Origin, Illusion Origin, and Fire Origin, if he was able to get all the five elements together, he might even be able to unlock an even more powerful breath!
Chen Ping still had the Wind Stabilising Bead in his hand, so he might be able to make use of the Wind Stabilising Bead to perceive the Origin of Wind.
Chen Ping didn’t know that what he was thinking right now was something that no one else would dare to think about, a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, who now possessed four origins, was still unsatisfied, simply crazy!
“Now that you have perceived the Golden Origin, you can absorb those masterless Origin Breaths in this area without having to take the risk of beheading those Origin Illusion Beasts.”
Ji Meiyan said to Chen Ping!
“By beheading the Origin Illusion Beasts, wouldn’t that Origin Breath be a little more intense?”
Chen Ping asked!
“That’s for sure, Origin Illusionary Beasts are the ones that have too much ownerless Origin Breath and coalesce together, by beheading an Origin Illusionary Beast, of course the Origin Breath that is obtained will be more.”
Ji Meiyan nodded!
“Alright then, let’s kill it then, we won’t need to use our bare hands this time.”
Chen Ping decided to behead the Origin Illusion Beast to absorb the Origin Breath!
This was the way to absorb the most Origin Breath in the shortest amount of time!
Seeing Chen Ping’s excitement, Ji Meiyan did not feel like spoiling the fun, so she followed Chen Ping as he continued towards the depths of the mountain pass!
Soon, there were more and more Origin Illusionary Beasts around, all sorts of Origin Illusionary Beasts, travelling across the ground!
Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan flew in mid-air, looking at the Origin Illusion Beasts below, and could not help but be surprised!
This was because the number of Origin Illusionary Beasts below far exceeded what Chen Ping had expected!
However, in the face of so many resources, Chen Ping did not want to leave!
“Don’t go down, I’ll go and kill all these Origin Illusion Beasts, these are all resources!”
Saying that, Chen Ping instantly rushed down with his Dragon Slashing Sword in hand!