Ning Zhi’s large hand clawed in the air, and a wisp of black Qi instantly condensed into a long blade, then slashed directly down towards Chen Ping!
Ning Zhi’s entire body exploded with demonic Qi, stirring the sea as if it was boiling!
The long knife slashed through, transforming into thousands of black blades, and in an instant, the entire void began to tremble!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body flashed with light, and his Dragon Sword was swung out, a sword Qi instantly transforming into a fire dragon!
Right at the moment Chen Ping and Ning Zhi exchanged blows, all the surrounding auras were instantly shaken and disappeared!
The dozen or so demonic cultivators were also sent flying by the aura, and each of them looked at the scene in front of them in horror!
The seawater in the Dead Sea flowed backwards, forming a canyon directly under Chen Ping and Ning Zhi’s feet!
The seawater in the entire Demon Subduing Formation was gone, and the Demon Subduing Formation was exposed to everyone’s eyes!
On the towering mountain peaks, the formation patterns were constantly flickering, and in the middle of the canyon, a large amount of flints were consuming at a rapid rate!
For the Demon Subduing Formation to maintain for a minute, that consumption was also all huge!
The dozen or so demonic cultivators could only watch, they could not help much at all, and they had to constantly resist the Demon Descending Formation’s spiritual light attacks!
Chen Ping followed Ning Zhi and exchanged a hundred strokes, although it seemed that the two were only just touching each other, but they had already killed a hundred strokes, and every time they touched each other, they erupted into a void tremor, making it very difficult for each of those demon cultivators!
The corners of Ning Zhi’s eyes jumped slightly, this time they exchanged blows, they each knew each other’s strength base roughly as well!
“Chen Ping, you are the pride of heaven in the secular world, I didn’t expect that when you arrived in the celestial world, you are still like this, the seventh grade of the Transition realm realm, yet you can follow me, the second grade of the Mahayana realm, but today, even if you are formidable, I am still determined to cut you down, and will never let go of this opportunity in.”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, the black Qi on his body condensed into a demonic beast, and with one bite, he bit towards Chen Ping!
The Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand made a smooth chop, and the sword aura directly chopped the demonic beast into two halves!
However, what Chen Ping did not expect was that if this was chopped into two halves, it did not stagnate in the slightest, but instantly transformed into two demonic beasts and attacked!
Boom!
Chen Ping’s body was heavily impacted by the two demonic beasts, causing Chen Ping to continuously retreat, and the Unbreakable Golden Body on his body began to have a hint of cracks!
Seeing this, the Dragon Crystal in front of Chen Ping’s chest began to flicker with light as a flaming dragon slowly appeared behind Chen Ping!
Chen Ping knew that there was no way to deal with this Ning Zhi with the fire dragon transformed by sword qi alone!
The fire dragon roared and followed the demonic beast that was illuminated by the black qi in a battle!
But every time that demonic beast was torn apart by the fire dragon, it would actually continue to split apart and turn into multiple demonic beasts!
Soon the Fire Dragon was surrounded by a group of demonic beasts and gradually fell into a disadvantage!
When Chen Ping saw this, his brows couldn’t help but wrinkle up, he didn’t understand what kind of demonic method this Ning Zhi was using, if it continued like this, maybe the entire formation would be filled with demonic beasts transformed into black gas!
“Senior, what’s going on? How can the demonic beasts that this guy has conjured with demonic qi keep cracking open?”
Chen Ping was somewhat speechless as he asked the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Can’t you see, he’s holding a cauldron in his hand, in that cauldron of his, he’s constantly emitting demonic qi, it’s probably an absorption type of magic treasure.”
“Those Supreme Fire breaths that you started to erupt were all absorbed by that furnace tripod and then stored up, when the time comes, they can be released and used at the time.”
“The reason why those demonic beasts were able to keep cracking open was entirely because of the demonic aura that was constantly being released within that Furnace Cauldron, without a large amount of demonic aura to support it, how could it be like this.”
“You have to find a way to destroy his furnace pot, or directly snatch that furnace pot over ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
It was only at this time that Chen Ping noticed that Ning Zhi was really holding a small stove tripod in his hand, the stove tripod presented a hollowed out appearance, however, demonic qi was constantly emerging from within that stove tripod!