Cold sweat flowed all over his body, and his eyes were even more fiery red!
Despite the pain, Chen Ping did not say a word!
The tempering of the physical body was the most painful thing, so many cultivators, even if they were at a higher realm, only had their gongfu breath become superior!
The physical body was still just as fragile, after all, very few cultivators would quench their physical body!
But Chen Ping was different, Chen Ping had been quenching his fleshly body from the very beginning, and along with the rise in realm, Chen Ping’s quenching of his fleshly body had continued!
Although each time was very painful, the rewards were also enormous!
Chen Ping’s physical body was not destroyed, then he would not need to remake his physical body or borrow a body to return to his soul like other cultivators!
After an unknown amount of time, Chen Ping could no longer feel the scorching heat!
At this moment, the bones within Chen Ping’s body had long since crystallised like jade, and his body exuded an aura of an ancient venerable being from the inside out!
‘You brat, cultivation is not like this, no matter if it’s tempering the physical body or practicing techniques, it’s all about gradual progress.’
‘Your brat has directly quenched his flesh with the supreme fire for a day and a night, if it wasn’t for the fact that your flesh is strong enough, this time I’m afraid that your flesh would have already been burnt, or maybe your divine soul would have been burnt to a crisp!’
‘At that time, if your divine soul is burnt out, where will you let me go? I’ve been on tenterhooks for a day and a night!’
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping with some anger!
‘A day and a night?’
Chen Ping was taken aback, he did not expect that he had quenched for such a long time!
‘When I was quenching my flesh, no one came over to disturb me, right?’
Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
If people found out that he actually had five types of Supreme Flames, then it would be troublesome, especially having the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame, and even the Purple Flame Sect’s Top Secret Supreme Flame, if this was found out, Chen Ping would just be unable to defend himself in a hundred different ways!
‘Don’t worry, no one has come, they all probably think that you need to rest for a few days to recover.’
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
‘That’s good!’ Chen Ping sighed in relief!
He then walked out of the room and looked at how late it was already!
The bright moonlight sprinkled on his body, causing Chen Ping’s body to unexpectedly have a faint white light!
This was the result of the Supreme Fire quenching his body!
‘This Middle Region Desert Land has a high temperature during the day, but I never thought that the night would be so suitable.’
Chen Ping felt the moonlight, as well as the breeze, his body had an indescribable comfort!
Slowly walking out of the courtyard door, Chen Ping planned to take a good turn around the Purple Flame Sect!
He was now an inner sect disciple, so all these inner sect places could be visited.
There were no disciples guarding these places in the inner sect, so Chen Ping walked around casually without anyone stopping him!
Soon, Chen Ping unknowingly walked to a quiet courtyard!
However, from within this compound, there was a surprisingly large amount of aura rising, and these auras were even mixed with Immortal Qi!
‘This small courtyard is much stronger than Senior Brother Wei Qing’s!’
Chen Ping glanced at it and surprisingly pushed the door directly and walked in!
Only to see that inside the small courtyard, there were all sorts of immortal wood vegetation growing, and in the middle of these vegetation was a spiritual pool, full of spiritual liquid, emitting a white mist!
Spiritual gas into fog, enough to see this spiritual pool within the spiritual gas is how abundant, and this spiritual pool is also mixed with some immortal gas!
‘Whose compound is this? There is a spirit pool, it’s really extravagant!’
Chen Ping thought in his heart, then looked around, but did not find anyone!
Not even the aura of someone’s presence could be detected!
‘Since no one lives here, then it is just right for me to take a bath in this spirit pool!’
With that, Chen Ping began to undress and finally jumped into the Spirit Pool!
A large amount of Spirit Mist wrapped around Chen Ping, causing his body to be soothed!
Without hesitation, Chen Ping activated his Concentration Skill, and a large amount of Spiritual Qi and Immortal Qi were absorbed by Chen Ping!
Since Chen Ping had been allowed to discover this Spirit Pool, Chen Ping would not be polite!
Knowing that Chen Ping’s promotion to a minor realm would require a large amount of resources, Chen Ping needed to utilise all the resources available to him in order to do so!