“Stop him!” Jiang Lanfeng ordered loudly!
The two Jiang Clan experts leapt up, and although they knew they were outmatched, they tried their best to stop Chen Ping!
Chen Ping reached out and snapped his hand, directly clasping the two men’s wrists, followed by the Heart Condensation Technique, a huge vortex formed within his dantian, and the two Jiang Clan experts immediately felt their bodies’ power draining away rapidly!
The two Jiang Family experts were shocked and tried to break free from Chen Ping’s restraints, but they found that they could not break free at all.
In a short span of ten seconds or so, the two Jiang Family experts instantly turned into dry corpses, their eyes wide open, not knowing how they died until they died.
“What’s going on with this ……?”
Wei Kunan was shocked.
“Ghost, you are a ghost, you are not human, not human …………”
Looking at the two dry corpse-like Jiang family experts on the ground, Jiang Lanfeng was going crazy.
Chen Ping looked at Wei Kunan and his wife coldly, without the slightest expression on his face.
“Where is the girl you captured?”
Chen Ping opened his mouth and asked.
“The female …… girl!” Jiang Lanfeng had a frightened look on her face before pointing to a villa and saying, “In, inside the room!”
“Take me there!” Chen Ping said coldly.
“Okay, okay, okay …………”
Jiang Lanfeng said three good words in a row, no longer the arrogant and domineering he was before!
Wei Kunan and Jiang Lanfeng trembled as they led Chen Ping, neither of the two had any intention of escaping at this point, because they knew that they could not escape at all!
Originally, they thought they had some kung fu, so even if they couldn’t beat Chen Ping, they could still make a couple of moves, but now that they saw what they had just seen, Wei Kun An and Jiang Lan Feng had both given up on the idea of making a move with Chen Ping!
After taking Chen Ping to the room where Gu Yuyao was kept, Jiang Lanfeng opened the door to the room.
Gu Yuyao, who had been crying, heard the door slam, so she looked up and when she saw Chen Ping, her face instantly lit up with joy and her heart instantly gasped with hope!
“Chen Ping …………”
Gu Yuyao rushed towards Chen Ping.
“Thank you, for making you suffer for Yu Qi!”
Seeing Gu Yuyao who rushed over, Chen Ping’s heart was filled with gratitude.
Jiang Lanfeng was a little puzzled, not knowing what Chen Ping meant by this, but he didn’t dare to ask.
“Chen Ping, look at the people here and they are not injured, let’s forget about today, just let us go, feel free to mention anything you want!”
Wei Kunan followed Chen Ping with a bitter face and begged for mercy.
Chen Ping sneered, “Do you think I will believe you?”
Wei Kun An was stunned, and before he could react, Chen Ping swung out with a fist, directly hitting Wei Kun An’s head, instantly blowing his head off.
With Wei Kunan’s strength, he couldn’t even dodge Chen Ping’s punch!
Blood mixed with brain matter splattered directly on the face of Jiang Lanfeng who was on the side.
“You …… you ……”
Jiang Lanfeng’s eyes were filled with anger as he looked at Chen Ping, but he could not utter a single word.
“Don’t worry, I know you women like to be pretty, I won’t blow your head off, I’ll let you die pretty!”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Jiang Lanfeng who still had a mask on her face.
After saying that, Chen Ping fiercely shot out his hand and directly strangled Jiang Lanfeng’s neck!
Jiang Lanfeng struggled desperately, but to no avail, and was finally strangled to death by Chen Ping!
Looking at the dead Wei Kunan and Jiang Lanfeng, Chen Ping’s face didn’t change in expression, but Gu Yuyao’s whole body was in shock, her hands clutching Chen Ping to death, her body shaking terribly!
“There’s still one left, after we’re done with it, I’ll take you home!”
Chen Ping comforted Gu Yuyao, then walked into the next room!
At this moment, Wei Tao was inside the room with headphones on, watching a small video, just now his fire was raised, but was swept away by Jiang Lanfeng, now Wei Tao was watching a small video ready to vent out!