Now everyone is waiting in their own way!
Waiting for the moment when the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb will descend!
“Brother Jiu, this time when the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb comes out, I see that Chen Ping seems to be determined to win it!”
Zhu Hao took the initiative to approach Hong Qianjiu and said.
“If it’s a sure thing, it’s a sure thing, what does it have to do with me ……”
The first thing I did was to come over and see what was going on, I didn’t care who had the 10,000 year old herb!
“The world only knows him now, but no one else knows about him, you can’t be overshadowed by Chen Ping!”
“If Chen Ping gets the 10,000 year old herbs, he will definitely increase in strength, and then we will only be rubbed under his feet!”
Zhu Hao whispered and encouraged Hong Qianjiu!
But Hong Qianjiu wasn’t a fool, when the Dragon Sect held the ceremony, Hong Qianjiu went there because he wanted to step on Chen Ping to get to the top!
It was only because of the appearance of Mr. Shi and those island emissaries that none of them had made a move against Chen Ping!
But right now, Hong Qianjiu didn’t want to follow Chen Ping in any kind of contest of supremacy, because he had more important things to do!
“Zhu Hao, when did you kid learn to have a bad stomach? Is it because you want to spur me on and get me to deal with that Chen Ping?”
“I’m telling you, don’t take me for a fool, that 10,000-year medicinal herb, whoever wants it, has nothing to do with me, I just came over to see the fun.”
“I believe that you have brought so many experts with you, and you are not just here for this ten thousand year old herb, right? We all know clearly in our hearts what is important.”
Hong Qianjiu reprimanded Zhu Hao, that Zhu Hao’s face looked a little ugly, but he didn’t dare to say anything!
At this moment, not far away, two people dressed in black, hiding themselves in the shadows, were quietly watching these people in front of them!
Although there were many people at the peak of Great Martial Marquis strength among these people, no one had noticed these two people!
These two people were none other than Song Qingping and Ning Zhi, who seemed to be uneasy about that ten thousand year old herb, so they came over to take a look.
The moon was getting fuller and fuller in the sky, and as they saw that the time of day was approaching, the crowd’s moods became complicated!
Some of them started to breathe heavily!
“It’s the hour of the son ……”
Suddenly someone shouted, and everyone couldn’t help but look at the time!
It was just a pity that the time had arrived, but the crowd didn’t wait for the 10,000 year old medicinal herb to come out, the whole mountain forest was still as calm as ever!
“What’s going on? Did they miscalculate the date?”
Zhu Hao saw this and couldn’t help but frown!
Everyone else was talking too, it was logical that if so many people knew it was today, then it shouldn’t be wrong!
“Could it be that the place is wrong?”
Someone said.
“Yes, it should be the wrong place, the place where the 10,000 year old medicinal herb came out is not here.”
Someone started to pinch their fingers and recalculate the place where the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb was born!
At this moment, Chen Ping gave a wink towards Hu Ma Zi, who understood and left!
Shortly afterwards, a dark cloud suddenly appeared in the sky to the southwest of where everyone was, blocking out the moonlight and accompanied by a rumbling sound!
This vision instantly attracted everyone’s attention and they all looked towards the southwest!
“The ten thousand year old herb is out, it’s not here ……”
Not just who shouted, immediately after that so everyone ran towards the southwest direction!
Jiang Wei looked at the vision in the southwest direction and was also curious to go over and take a look, but when he saw that Chen Ping was not moving, he asked curiously, “Mr. Chen, aren’t you going over there? Don’t you want to get that ten-thousand-year medicinal herb?”
Chen Ping, however, said with a smile, “What comes out there is definitely not the ten thousand year old herb ……”
Jiang Wei was stunned, not knowing why Chen Ping was so confident, but he couldn’t help but be curious and run towards the southwest!