Fan Jiang’s body flew backwards and smashed directly on top of a mountain slope not far away, causing the mountain to shake for a while!
Fan Jiang looked at Chen Ping with cold eyes, “I didn’t expect you to burn your essence blood and increase your strength so much, it’s just a pity that your essence blood won’t be able to support you for long at all ……”
“At most a quarter of an hour, after a quarter of an hour, you will be reduced to a useless man at the mercy of others!”
“A quarter of an hour, that’s enough to kill you ……”
Chen Ping had a murderous intent, since he had chosen to burn his essence blood, he had to kill Fan Jiang!
“Hahahaha, you are too confident, even if you burn your essence blood, how can you compare to me, a hairy boy only, how dare you speak shamelessly ……”
Fan Jiang laughed loudly, his eyes full of playfulness!
Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to Fan Jiang, he didn’t have much time and couldn’t waste a single second!
Chen Ping’s feet shook and his body was like an arrow leaving Xuan, rushing directly towards Fan Jiang!
The golden fist smashed out viciously with a devastating force.
Fan Jiang’s face was cold, but his body disappeared abruptly as Chen Ping’s fist smashed straight into the hill!
Rumble …………
In an instant, the entire hill began to roar, like a volcanic eruption, as rocks flew about and the hill crumbled!
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and his face turned a little ugly!
This Fan Jiang, if he just dodged and didn’t fight hard against himself, when the time came, Chen Ping would be reduced to a ruin in an instant.
“You’re afraid of me?”
Chen Ping exited and said sarcastically to Fan Jiang.
“Afraid of you?” Fan Jiang sneered, “As I said, even if you burn your essence blood and forcefully raise your cultivation, it is still worthless in front of me!”
“If you’re not afraid, why do you need to hide?”
Chen Ping asked coldly.
“I know you’re provoking me, but I’ll give you the chance, I’ll make you lose ……”
Fan Jiang finished, and the breath from his body wrapped itself tightly.
Chen Ping’s qi and blood were also burning, and after roaring out in anger, the golden glow on his body was actually tinged with a faint blood red colour!
Seeing this, Fan Jiang also became equally frantic, his endless aura growing stronger and stronger.
“Come on ……”
Fan Jiang shouted, then smashed out his fist, the wind of his fist and out, the tiger roared and hissed ……
Chen Ping didn’t hesitate, he also followed suit and swung his fist!
The fist wind came out, the dragon roared long …………
The two men fought against each other without hiding.
Chen Ping knew he didn’t have much time, so every punch was a desperate strike!
In an instant, the two men were battling against each other for dozens of strokes!
The more Fan Jiang fought at this moment, the more frightened he became, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to explode out with such terrifying strength!
Moreover, Chen Ping’s body was exceptionally fierce, fighting beyond his rank but without fear!
The light on Fan Jiang’s body was getting dimmer and dimmer, which caused Fan Jiang’s eyes to carry a dense shock!
But Fan Jiang wasn’t afraid, if he couldn’t, he would use his speed and stall for time!
As long as the time was up, Chen Ping would become like a dead dog at the mercy of others!
“Go to hell …………”
Chen Ping threw a fierce punch, light rose in all directions, and a golden dragon instantly penetrated Fan Jiang’s body!
Fan Jiang was startled and his body backed up rapidly, at this moment he felt a terrifying force inside him spreading in all directions!
Suddenly there was a muffled sound and a bloody hole appeared in Fan Jiang’s chest, blood instantly flowed out and stained the ground!
Fan Jiang looked down at his injured body, his eyes filled with rage!
“To be able to injure me like this, you’re a genius of sorts ……”
As Fan Jiang finished speaking, a burst of black mist filled his body, the black mist coalesced at the wound on his chest and surprisingly ended up restoring the wound.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was frowning, he didn’t expect this to fail to kill Fan Jiang!
The peak of Martial Marquis, it was really not to be underestimated!
“Come again ……”
Chen Ping was full of battle spirit and shouted loudly and angrily!
Chen Ping’s body flashed out and went straight for Fan Jiang.
But Fan Jiang retreated repeatedly, intentionally avoiding Chen Ping’s attacks.