“I will!”
In fact, even if Su Wenzong didn’t say it, Chen Ping wouldn’t let those so-called Hong Kong businessmen get their hands on it, it was a matter of the interests of the entire Hong Kong city people!
Seeing Chen Ping promise to save Ling Zhenchuan, Su Wenzong was also relieved, he had seen Chen Ping’s tactics, they could be considered immortal tactics!
Chen Ping got off the bus halfway and didn’t go to Su’s house, instead he called Lin Tianhu and asked him to prepare his men!
Not long after, Lin Tianhu arrived with dozens of people in his car in a big way!
“Mr. Chen, is something wrong?”
Lin Tianhu asked.
“Don’t ask, just come with me!”
Chen Ping took Lin Tianhu and the others and went straight to stand guard outside Ling Zhenchuan’s little house!
“Isn’t this …… the home of Mayor Ling? Mr. Chen, what …… are you doing here?”
Lin Tianhu had a few moments of unnaturalness on his face!
Don’t look at all call him the underground emperor of Hongcheng, but what’s the use of that, he, the underground emperor in bullying, is still not the same afraid of Ling Zhenchuan, the above ground emperor of Hongcheng!
“I told you not to ask!”
Chen Ping was a little impatient and put down his seat, and then rested with his eyes slightly closed!
………………
Inside a small, isolated hotel in Hongcheng!
The three Hong Kong businessmen were living here, the environment of this hotel was very poor, following the identity of the three Hong Kong businessmen did not match at all, no one knew why these three people would choose to live here!
Inside one of the hotel rooms, the goatee-bearded Hong Kong businessman was sitting on the bed, while the other two men were standing by with respectful faces!
The goat-bearded Hong Kong businessman could be seen sitting with his eyes slightly closed and his knees crossed, his fingers choking as he mumbled the words under his breath!
“Land gods and goddesses, five mountain gods, eight divine helpers, haze and auspicious clouds, descend with fire …………”
A black gas instantly rushed out from that goat-bearded Hong Kong merchant’s finger, and then instantly disappeared!
“Alright!”
The goatee Hong Kong merchant sneered coldly!
“Hahahaha, with Master Bai’s hand, nothing has ever gone wrong for us!”
A slightly chubby Hong Kong businessman burst into laughter.
In fact, this goatee was not a Hong Kong businessman, among these three people, only this fat one and this thin one were real Hong Kong businessmen, while this goatee’s identity was that of a warlock!
You know that in the outer harbour, many people believe in these things, so there are warlocks all over the place!
Whether it’s choosing the location of a company, naming a child, or even when to invite a guest to dinner to make a business deal, these magicians will do the math!
Although many of them are just fraudulent and don’t know anything at all, there are also some magicians who are really good at what they do, for example, they know some spells, such as hooking spirits and exorcising demons, and they can also catch medicines from the air and cure some difficult diseases.
So these warlocks are becoming more and more famous in the outer harbour, and they are worshipped by many rich people as their guests!
Master Bai is one of the most famous warlocks in Hong Kong, and his techniques are so profound that the two businessmen spent a lot of money to hire him.
This fat and thin Hong Kong businessman had their eyes on the place in Hong Kong and wanted to come here to set up some highly efficient but heavily polluting enterprises, but they had long heard that the hand of Hong Kong was upright and righteous, so they were afraid that it would be difficult to negotiate, so they directly invited this Master Bai to come here!
“I have the contract all ready now, just waiting for that Ling Zhenchuan to come over and sign and seal it, when the time comes, with the contract in hand, he can’t deny it even if he wants to!”
The skinny Hong Kong businessman took out the contract he had prepared long ago and said with a grim smile!
They had used this method to settle many projects that were particularly difficult to negotiate, and it had worked time and again!
“After it’s done, 50 million has to be credited to my account, I want Hong Kong dollars ……”
That Master White said indifferently.
“Sure sure sure …………”
The two Hong Kong businessmen nodded their heads repeatedly, with a flattering face.