A Martial Saint that could end up injuring a Martial God, this was simply too incredible!
And for an evil cultivator to be able to invoke such a huge amount of faith power, this was also something Yue Buqun couldn’t understand!
Just see Yue Buqun gently put one hand on top of Chen Ping’s wrist, just like a Chinese doctor taking his pulse.
A moment later, Yue Buqun frowned and said, “How dare you, you have even dared to deceive Master.”
“Did you guys injure this man, and in order to shirk your responsibility, you deliberately said he was an evil cultivator and made up stories to deceive me?”
Yue Buqun’s eyes glared angrily at Liu Xing and Liu Rui, sending the two men straight to their knees in fear!
“Master, how dare we lie to you, this man is really an evil cultivator, we saw him absorb the strength of that Jue Yuan with our own eyes.”
Liu Xing hurriedly said.
“Master, senior brother is right, I saw it too, we would never dare to deceive Master.”
Liu Rui also hurriedly said.
Yue Buqun looked at Liu Xing and Liu Rui coldly and found that the two did not look like they were lying, so he said, “This person is not an evil cultivator, as for what you said about absorbing that Jue Yuan’s strength, I reckon there is another hidden story!”
“He doesn’t have the kind of evil aura of an evil cultivator, instead this person has quite a lot of pure yang aura, and there are a few strands of power that I wasn’t able to find out where they came from!”
“Rui’er, you go and fetch my master’s Yuan Enrichment Pill, let’s first revive this person ……”
Only, that Liu Rui did not move, while Liu Xing who was on the side said, “Master, that Yuan Enrichment Pill is your life-saving elixir, we don’t have much left, won’t it be a waste if you give it to this evil cultivator?”
“Nonsense, I have said that he is not an evil cultivator.”
“What did I teach you, although our Pure Yang Sect is secluded, if we encounter someone whose life is in danger, we should still help if we can, although we pursue strength above all else, we can’t be without human kindness!”
“When a person is without human kindness, even if they have high strength, they are still nothing more than a killing machine.”
“Quickly go and bring the Yuan Enrichment Pill ……”
Yue Buqun reprimanded Liu Xing with an angry face, and he was saying these words to the other disciples as well.
Seeing this, Liu Rui hurriedly went to get the elixir, and soon a turquoise elixir, was handed over to Yue Buqun!
Yue Buqun didn’t hesitate to stuff the Yuan Enrichment Pill into Chen Ping’s mouth!
Immediately afterwards a stream of powerful qi struck into Chen Ping’s body!
“All of you stand down, I want to heal his wounds ……”
Yue Buqun waved his hand and told all the disciples to retreat!
………………
Heavenly Thunder Sect!
Tong Ocean looked at his son’s wretched appearance and his beard stood up in anger!
“Look at your appearance, do you still have a bit of a young master’s look? Don’t you brag all day long that you are the leading young man within the Hidden Sect.”
“Can’t anyone compare to you? Look at you now like a beggar, are you ashamed of yourself?”
Tong Ocean cursed at Tong Youkong, his old face red with anger!
Tong Youkong lowered his head and could only bear the angry scolding, indeed he was made to look so bad by a small Martial Saint, and in the end he was humiliated by someone from the Pure Yang Clan, this made their Heavenly Thunder Sect lose face and shame!
While Tong Ocean was lecturing Tong Youkong, a woman walked over with a young man in his early twenties!
“Master, I heard that You Gong was injured, what happened?”
The woman asked to Tong Ocean.
And the young man also gave Tong Youkong a look and said, “Big brother, why are you in such a mess, did those old things from the Hidden Realm make a move on you?”
“According to reason it shouldn’t be, didn’t our three sects and six factions have a meeting, those old things are not allowed to make a move on the younger generation.”
“And among this younger generation, with big brother’s strength, who else can hurt you?”
Although the young man was concerned and inquired to Tong You Gong, there was a bit of gloating in his tone!