Mu Qing’s body slowly drowned in the black mist, and the entire heaven and earth became dark!
The black aura submerged Chen Ping in all directions!
In front of the raging black aura, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body kept flickering, like a flickering candle flame in the midst of doom!
The golden dragon kept roaring, as if it was going to shake back the surrounding darkness!
So people were watching nervously, at this moment, they could no longer see the figures of Chen Ping and that Mu Qing, they could not even feel the breath of the two!
The black mist directly isolated the space where Chen Ping and Mu Qing were, forming a separate spatial world!
Chen Ping raised his hand and the Divine King Bow appeared in his hand, then he pulled the Divine King Bow and an arrow feather appeared on top of the Divine King Bow!
Chen Ping had used the Divine King Bow, he did not dare to be careless, after all, this Mu Qing had also exerted his full strength!
“Hmph, a mere broken bow, still want to be able to help me ……”
Mu Qing snorted coldly, his eyes were filled with thick killing intent, a mournful hissing sound resounded around the black mist!
When Chen Ping saw that this Mu Qing unexpectedly did not recognise the Divine King Bow, he could not help but feel ecstatic inside!
Now that he was using the Divine King Bow, and the crowd outside could not see anyone, it would not reveal that he possessed the Divine King Bow!
And even if this Mu Qing knew, he did not know about the Divine King Bow he was holding, so Chen Ping did not need to have any worries!
While Chen Ping pulled the Divine King Bow, the Dragon Tattoo Bell was rotating above Chen Ping’s head, ready to block the incoming attacks for Chen Ping!
If not for the fact that the sword spirit of the Dragon Beheading Sword, Zhong Li, had been injured, the Dragon Beheading Sword would have been Chen Ping’s most proud weapon!
Now that Chen Ping’s Dragon Sword did not have the Sword Spirit Zhong Li’s support, it could only be regarded as an ordinary divine weapon!
Therefore, when Chen Ping encountered a formidable enemy, he could only use the Divine King Bow, however, this Divine King Bow could not be used in public yet, which made Chen Ping very depressed!
Chen Ping pulled the Divine King Bow, and flames burned above the coalesced arrow feathers!
Whoosh!
As soon as Chen Ping let go of his hand, the arrow feather came out in a smooth manner, directly transforming into ten thousand arrow lights in mid-air.
At the same time, Chen Ping followed suit and headed towards that Mu Qing!
Mu Qing saw that when he showed his full strength, Chen Ping still didn’t flee and still dared to follow him into battle, he couldn’t help but let out a sardonic laugh and said, “Chen Ping, is this your full strength?”
After Mu Qing finished speaking, he instantly turned into a mass of black mist, and also headed towards Chen Ping, accompanied by Mu Qing’s side, were countless black mist transformed into severe ghosts, attacking together with teeth and claws.
It could be seen that this Mu Qing was going to follow Chen Ping hard!
With the strength of a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm, if he followed a Fourth Grade of the Transition Realm cultivator into battle and still needed to dodge, it would be too humiliating!
Boom!
The ten thousand arrow lights collided with the countless stern ghosts!
A single stern ghost hissed and was crushed, while a ray of arrow light disappeared in the darkness!
The golden dragon on top of Chen Ping’s head also kept hissing and spewing out a flame that engulfed that one single stern ghost!
Chen Ping kept drawing his bow and shooting arrows, and Mu Qing kept waving his hands, condensing a single stern ghost to launch an attack!
The two were getting closer and closer, competing with each other for the power within their bodies!
“Are you trying to fight me to exhaust your breath and then clash with pure physical strength?”
Mu Qing seemed to have discerned Chen Ping’s intentions!
“You don’t dare to spar with me with your physical body?”
Chen Ping said with full of mockery!
In fact, this was Chen Ping’s intention, after all, this Mu Qing was at the first rank of the Transition Realm, if he really wanted to fight with the various breaths in his body, although Chen Ping was not afraid, he did not dare to be 100% sure!
But if you don’t use the breath in your body, and rely solely on the pure strength of your physical body, Chen Ping is not afraid of that Mu Qing!
Chen Ping’s physical body had been tempered countless times!
“Hmph, there are many ways I can exterminate you, but it won’t be something you can pick.”
“You want to compete with me for the strength of my fleshly body, but I’m not going to compete with you.”
“It’s not true that I’m the son of a big family, but I’m not a fool to fall for your tricks!”
Mu Qing unexpectedly stopped charging towards Chen Ping and instead diffused more black mist, transforming into a roaring attack of severe ghosts!