“Don’t worry, Sir Wei, I’ll make sure it’s done right!” Xiao Lei excitedly opened the car door and was about to get out!
“Wait a minute!” Wei Tao shouted to stop Xiao Lei!
“What else does Sir Wei have to order!”
Xiao Lei asked.
“I’ll be staying in Hongcheng for a few days this time, so let this woman keep me company for a few days to save me from getting too bored!”
Wei Tao pointed at Geng Shanshan and said.
“If Lord Wei likes it, just take it!”
Xiao Lei didn’t care, it’s just a woman, it’s no big deal!
Xiao Lei walked out of the car and looked at Geng Shanshan and said, “Here’s your chance, serve Duke Wei well, maybe you’ll soar!”
Geng Shanshan was stunned and before she could react, the two bodyguards directly picked up Geng Shanshan and threw her into the car, then closed the car door and followed Xiao Lei out!
Xiao Lei looked at his arm which was still bandaged, and an eerie chill flashed in his eyes.
“Wei …… Wei Gongzi, what …… are you going to do?”
Geng Shanshan looked at Wei Tao in the car and said with some fear.
“What are you afraid of, it’s not like I’m going to eat you, the women who can accompany me Wei Tao are lucky, you just have to follow me and no one will dare to mess with you in Hongcheng …………”
Wei Tao said, and pounced towards Geng Shanshan.
“Don’t …………”
Geng Shanshan struggled symbolically for a few times and quickly complied!
The car shook violently and a cry came out ……
…………
Early the next morning, after Chen Ping had breakfast, he called Lin Tianhu and then went to find him at the Tian Yuan Restaurant!
He had to ask Lin Tianhu to sell the Small Returning Pill in his hand as soon as possible, and in addition to prepare the herbs!
He was curious as to what was on Dragon Island and why his own mother would not allow him to go there.
In one of the rooms of the restaurant, Lin Tianhu was slightly ashamed as he followed Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, this Xiao Hui Dan is indeed a good thing, but …… even though we say that it is very effective, no one believes us, and with my status, people believe me even less. The price of this small pills cannot be too cheap, which makes people even more suspicious!”
Lin Tianhu was also helpless, who would have thought that he, the underground emperor, would now start selling pills.
“Don’t sell the small rejuvenating pills in your hands now, just give them all away, but not secretly, you hold a small rejuvenating pills launch, only people with a*sets over 50 million can participate, just draw people on the spot and give these small rejuvenating pills away then!”
Chen Ping knew that he needed to create momentum at this time, he needed to let the crowd know that this Little Returning Pill really had curative effects.
“Give them all away? This …… will not be too wasteful?”
Lin Tianhu felt some pity, after all, he knew that all these small rejuvenating pills were like immortal pills, he himself ate one, and the result was like returning to the young state of twenty years old, his body felt particularly comfortable.
“Don’t be afraid of wasting them, as long as the ones you send out are effective and help us promote them, the market will definitely be opened.
Chen Ping said to Lin Tianhu.
“Good, I’ll spread the news now and hold this launch at noon in the lobby of my restaurant!”
Lin Tianhu nodded and said.
“Well, I will stay here in the morning, look for me if there is anything at all!”
Chen Ping decided to see if this launch event could be a success, plus prevent anything unexpected from happening!
Although Xiao Yang Dan can strengthen the body, prolong life, especially for men’s functional aspects have a miraculous effect, but is not a miracle cure for all diseases, so Chen Ping here to prevent any special disease, Xiao Yang Dan useless, when the time comes, he can still strike, but also increase the credibility of the crowd to Xiao Yang Dan!