“What’s that for? Let’s go over and have a look ……”
Su Yuqi was curious and pulled Chen Ping about to go over.
“That’s for gambling stones, it’s like this every day, I really don’t understand these men, what are they yelling at a bunch of broken stones all day!”
Gu Ling’er said in a very puzzled manner.
Chen Plain was not curious, but when he heard Gu Ling’er talk about gambling stones, he was instantly interested, maybe he could even choose a few jade stones from it and make some jewellery for Su Yuqi.
“This pile of stones is the same in the eyes of these men as high-grade cosmetics are in the eyes of you women ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, then walked over!
“Holy sh*t, imperial green, it’s opened up to imperial green …………”
Before Chen Ping could even walk over to them, they heard a burst of applause from the crowd!
“Hahahaha, I’m rich, I’m rich …………”
Immediately afterwards, someone could be heard laughing madly, and it was obvious that the stone that had been opened was bought by this person.
But as soon as Chen Ping heard this voice, he frowned slightly, looking familiar!
On the other hand, Gu Ling’er on the side had a cold face, “Gu Feng, this son of a b*tch, even came to gamble on the stones ……”
After saying that, Gu Ling’er rushed towards the crowd in anger!
Chen Ping also immediately remembered that this voice was the voice of Gu Ling’er’s brother, Gu Feng!
Chen Ping had just reached them when he saw Gu Feng clutching a rock, laughing madly, jumping and dancing with joy!
“Duke Gu, I’m really sorry, this stone is not yours, you can’t take it!”
At this moment, a middle-aged man walked over and tried to take the stone away from Gu Feng’s hand!
How could Gu Feng give it to him, he immediately clutched the stone around his body, “Why is it not mine? I bought it, do you want to back out of it if it turns out to be imperial green?”
The middle-aged man smiled lightly and said, “Mr. Gu, if you bought the stone, did you pay for it?”
“I paid you, I gave you a deposit of 100,000!” Gu Feng said loudly.
“Hahahaha, who doesn’t know the rules of the gambling world, one hand pays for the goods, you give a deposit and the stone is yours? That’s not a dream!” The middle-aged man had a bit of disdain on his face!
“Boss Cui, how can you say that? The first few times I opened the stones after paying the deposit, all the stones I opened then were rubbish, and I didn’t see you say that you would get the goods with one hand.
Gu Feng was a bit anxious and asked with an angry face, “This time when the imperial green was opened, you told me that you would pay first hand for the goods, isn’t this a clear ploy to cheat me?”
“Cheating you? This is the rule of the gambling world, where have I cheated you? Hand over the stone, or else you won’t be able to leave!”
After that boss Cui finished speaking, instantly three big men surrounded Gu Feng!
Gu Feng was so timid that he instantly turned pale with fear, but when faced with a priceless treasure like the imperial green, he still didn’t want to hand it over, so he held on to the stone and said, “Boss Cui, my sister is a member of the Dharma Protection Pavilion, if you dare to touch me, my sister won’t spare you!”
“What can a member of the Dharma Protection Court do? People from the Dharma Protecting Pavilion have to speak the same rules ……”
Boss Cui said with a cold smile.
Gu Feng held the stone and just wouldn’t let go, that boss Cui waved his hand and was about to have someone grab it, this is when Gu Ling’er rushed up with one healthy step and put down those three big men with three punches and two kicks.
“Sister …………” Seeing that Gu Ling’er had come, Gu Feng instantly got excited!
On the other hand, that boss Cui’s face was cold: “Miss Gu, as someone from the Dharma Protection Pavilion, how can you hurt people with your hands? Could it be that you are trying to oppress the people?”
“How can I not take action when you guys beat up my brother? Even if I hit you guys, it was still self-defense ……”
Gu Ling’er said angrily as she looked at that boss Cui.