“Bold spirit, how dare you make a fool of yourself in front of this master ……”
Pocky Hu said as several talismans flickered with light, these lights shone on Ge Yuhan, causing Ge Yuhan’s face to turn very ugly!
“Master Hu, stop …………”
Chen Ping hurriedly stepped forward and pulled Hu Ma Zi by the hand, then knocked those charms down to the ground!
“Chen Ping, are you out of your f*cking mind? Are you charmed by this woman, he’s possessed by a spirit, not a recovery at all ……”
Pocky Hu said loudly to Chen Ping.
“Master Hu, I know, listen to me first ……”
Chen Ping stopped Hu Pazzi and hurriedly followed his explanation!
At this moment, Ge Yuhan was also teary-eyed, she did not want to invade someone else’s body either, that would be unfair to the owner of this physical body!
But she had no choice, if she didn’t enter Ge Yuhan’s body, then the only trace of her soul that remained would dissipate.
Hu Ma Zi listened to Chen Ping’s explanation and his entire face was filled with astonishment!
“The Saintess of Guang Han Palace? This is a super sect from thousands of years ago.”
“But I heard that after the God-Devil War, although the Guang Han Palace was destroyed, many people from the Guang Han Palace survived, and the sect, the Guang Han Palace, should still be surviving somewhere!”
Pocky Hu said indifferently.
“Master Hu, do you know where it is? Where is the Guang Han Palace?”
Seeing this, Ge Yuhan hurriedly rushed forward and was about to kneel down for Pocky Hu!
“Don’t, I’ve only heard about it, but I don’t know if the Guang Han Palace is still there or where it is!”
Pocky Hu hurriedly held Ge Yuhan and didn’t let her kneel down!
When Ge Yuhan heard this, her face was filled with loss!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, the whole island began to tremble, followed by a booming sound!
“It’s bad, the volcano is about to erupt, run ……”
Hu Ma Zi’s face changed and he turned around and ran towards the sea!
Chen Ping also hurriedly pulled up Ge Yuhan and swept across the sea at speed, running towards the land!
The three of them had just broken away from the island when they saw tens of metres of lava, instantly gushing out and falling into the seawater, rising up in a puff of smoke!
“Let’s go back ……”
Chen Ping glanced at the island engulfed in lava, then said!
“You guys go, I’m going to White Sea City, I’m not comfortable with the Heavenly Rune Sect secret realm being guarded by a bunch of evil cultivators ……”
Pocky Hu did not intend to follow Chen Ping!
Chen Ping gave Hu Pazzi a look, “I think you can’t let go of those women of the Shen family, right?”
“Nonsense, we cultivators of immortality have to leave behind our three pa*sions and six desires, how can a mere few women disturb my clear mind.”
Pocky Hu said with a serious face.
“Master Hu really has the style of a master, many immortal cultivators end up being trapped by love and fail to transcend the ordinary and step into the ranks of the true immortals ……”
Ge Yuhan said with admiration as she looked at Pocky Hu.
As the holy maiden of the Guang Han Palace, an immortal cultivator who existed thousands of years ago, Ge Yu Han had the deepest perception of the path to immortality at this time!
When Pocky Hu was complimented by Ge Yuhan, his beard curled up and he said with a smug face, “I have long since seen through the world and have no desires, no one can possibly shake my heart of immortality cultivation!”
Chen Ping looked at Hu Pazi’s appearance and could not help but cover his mouth and laugh.
“What are you laughing at, did I say something wrong?”
Pocky Hu glared at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping shook his head, “Master Hu wasn’t wrong, now even if there was a woman naked in front of you, you wouldn’t even look at her.”
“That’s for sure!” Pocky Hu nodded his head.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, quietly tugged at the clothes on Ge Yuhan’s body, and Ge Yuhan’s blouse instantly slipped off, revealing her snow-white skin!
Seeing this, Ge Yuhan hurriedly grabbed the clothes with her hands and wrapped herself up.