Before there was any other movement, that 10th Highness landed another slash!
The ten thousand Buddha lights within the silhouette spread out and slowly dissipated!
Two slashes, resolving the battle!
Seeing this scene, everyone’s faces were gloomy.
Master Limitless sat paralysed on the ground, he was no longer capable of anything, with all his cards out, he couldn’t do anything about his opponent!
“Ai, the Second Prince’s Buddha bloodline hasn’t completely awakened yet, and the divine soul of the summoned Dharma Ancestor is too weak.”
Master Limitless said with a light sigh!
“Master Limitless, you did your best, leave the next to me ……”
As Xiao Feng finished speaking, the entire Imperial City radiated a golden light, and the buildings that had originally collapsed were all miraculously restored at this moment!
The scene around the crowd also changed, and at some point behind them, there were actually dozens more people!
Each of these people had an extraordinary aura, and they were all cultivators of the Mahayana Realm Grade 4 or above!
Chen Ping glanced around and understood that these restored buildings in front of him were not truly restored, but rather Xiao Feng had used the Square Seal to make the crowd enter another time and space!
The location was also in the Imperial City, but the characters around them had changed!
It seems that these people behind them, are the bottom card of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and will not be used as a last resort!
The Tenth Highness looked at these dozens of cultivators that had suddenly appeared in a calm manner, and there was surprisingly not a trace of fear in his eyes!
These could all be strong people from the Xiao Dynasty, and this Tenth Highness was not afraid!
“How many years has it been? The Xiao Imperial Dynasty has never been in the process of using us, and now the Xiao Imperial Dynasty is in a life and death crisis?”
An old man slowly spoke!
“Seniors of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, my Xiao Imperial Dynasty has now encountered a life and death crisis, the late Xiao Feng had no choice but to use the Square Seal, disturbing the seniors’ purification.”
Xiao Feng said as he knelt down in front of these people!
That old man’s palm gently rested, “As the body of the Crown Prince, there is no need to perform the ritual of kneeling and bowing to us old fellows.”
“We are still just subjects of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty when all is said and done ……”
“Where is the strong enemy? I would like to see what kind of person dares to touch our Xiao Dynasty.”
“It’s him ……,” Xiao Feng pointed at the tenth highness!
The old man looked in the direction of his finger and could not help but be stunned!
That Tenth Highness did not know when he had another lollipop in his mouth, and his body was leaning on that long sword with an innocent face!
“Your Imperial Son, you said that this child forced you to use the Square Seal, could it be that my Xiao Imperial Dynasty has now fallen to such a state that it can’t even stop a child?”
The old man asked with great shock!
“Elder, don’t be fooled by his appearance, this guy’s strength is terrifying.”
“Senior, don’t be fooled by his appearance, this fellow’s strength is terrifying.”
Xiao Feng hurriedly said!
“Hmph, a child, how terrifying can he be?”
After saying that, the old man walked directly towards that 10th Highness!
The pace was steady, with a look of confidence!
“Senior, no, quickly step back ……”
Seeing this, Xiao Feng knew that the old man had taken the enemy lightly and hurriedly shouted!
However, the old man simply ignored Xiao Feng and took large steps!
But just after taking a few steps, suddenly that 10th Highness made his move!
Poof!
The long sword swung down with a single stroke, and the blade shot out like lightning!
The old man’s steps stopped and then he stood motionless!
In a moment, the old man’s body fell heavily to the ground, and from his brow, a blood scar gradually appeared!
One Slash ……
instantly killed in seconds!
At this moment, everyone was horrified!
“Ai ……”
Xiao Feng sighed regretfully!
If this old man did not take the enemy lightly, perhaps he would not have died so quickly!
“What a strong doll, it is indeed worth recruiting us out!”
At this moment, an old man wearing a white robe slowly came forward from behind the dozens of people!
Seeing this person, Yu Wenqiang was slightly stunned and hurriedly stepped forward to perform a kneeling salute, “The forty-seventh Prime Minister of the Xiao Dynasty, Yu Wenqiang, pays his respects to the old Minister!”
“All forty-seven terms? So fast, so fast ……”
The white-robed old man slowly said!
Xiao Feng and Xiao Jian looked at the white-robed old man, the two did not know each other!
“Great Prince, Second Prince, this is the eleventh Prime Minister of our Xiao Dynasty, the oldest Prime Minister of our Xiao Dynasty today.”
Yu Wenqiang hurriedly introduced!