In the end, the Jiao Long was enlightened by Chen Ping and flew straight up to the sky!
And Chen Ping also raised a small realm!
So this Silver Red Tiger Tiger King, felt that Chen Ping must have some means to help others ascend!
Seeing this, Chen Ping couldn’t help but smile, then nodded his head and said “No problem, as long as you practice to the Ascension realm, I will definitely enlighten you.”
Upon hearing this, the Silver Red Tiger Tiger King was overjoyed and immediately lowered his head, allowing Chen Ping to ride onto his body!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, greeted the crowd and all rode on those Silver Red Tigers!
Immediately after that, the Silver Red Tigers started to run, these Silver Red Tigers had been living in the Chilian Mountain Range, so their speed was much faster than Chen Ping and the others!
Originally, it took a day and a night to travel, but these Silver Red Tigers ran out of the Chilian Mountain Range in a day!
After bidding farewell to Chen Ping, the Tiger King brought his men back to the Chilian Mountain Range!
“Mr Chen, what did the Tiger King say to you? Why are they willing to send us out?”
Ji Yun asked Chen Ping with great curiosity!
“Nothing, you’d better hurry up and bring out the dirigible, we’ve been travelling all night, we can rest on the dirigible.”
Chen Ping asked Ji Yun to bring out the blimp!
But who knows Cai Hongwei stepped forward and said, “This is the southern boundary, there is a Meteorite Sun City more than a thousand miles in front of us, after Meteorite Sun City is the Heavenly Demon Mountain region.”
“This place is chaotic because it’s at the border, and that Meteor Sun City is the last supply town to Heavenly Demon Mountain, so there will definitely be a lot of people.”
“If we take the airship now, it’s too flashy and will definitely attract attention, let’s just keep a low profile, it’s not too far after all.”
Cai Hongwei was the leader, so his words carried a lot of weight, Chen Ping signalled Ji Yun to put the blimp away!
The crowd began to walk to Meteor Sun City, because they all had Silver Red Tigers as mounts in front of them, so those of them did not feel tired at all!
However, along the way, Chen Ping found that it was indeed chaotic, even in the towns inhabited by human cultivators, there were still demonic beasts infesting them from time to time!
And there were also melees breaking out between villages and towns.
Chen Ping had been looking for sparsely populated places in order to catch up with the road, so as not to get into unnecessary trouble!
However, along the way, Chen Ping found many corpses of demonic beasts, as well as corpses of human cultivators!
Chen Ping felt that this Southern Region, how it was like a barbaric land in general!
After travelling for a night, and resting in the middle, at dawn, Chen Ping and his team finally arrived at Meteor Sun City!
Chen Ping took a glance over, this Meteor Sun City was not very large and did not look very luxurious, there was no way it could be compared to the Yellow and Blue City!
Although the city was not big, there were long queues at the gates to enter and exit the city!
“It seems that all these people are going to the Heavenly Demon Mountain to search for treasures, with so many people there is no telling if the Heavenly Demon Mountain will produce treasures or not.”
Miao Miao looked at the crowds queuing at the city gates and said with a cold smile!
“Shut your mouth!” Elder Miao fiercely glared at that Miao Miao!
“Let’s go, let’s go in and find a place to land, rest for a day or two for now, and then reach the Heavenly Demon Mountain with a bang.”
Cai Hongwei spoke!
As Cai Hongwei was the leader, of course the crowd listened to him, so they followed Cai Hongwei into Meteor Sun City!
And at this moment, on one of the streets of Meteor Sun City, Elder Fei followed Protector Gong as he was searching for something on the street!
“Elder Fei, there wouldn’t be no rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance in this Meteor Sun City, right?”
Protector Gong asked to Elder Fei!
They had arrived yesterday, and as a result, they did not find a rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, but if it was just the few of them, it would be too difficult to kill Chen Ping silently!
“It shouldn’t be, this Demon Sealing Alliance is claimed to have countless rudiments spread throughout the entire Celestial Realm.”
Elder Fei didn’t believe it at all, after all, he had been imprisoned in the Demon Sealing Alliance for so many years and knew the situation of the Demon Sealing Alliance!