“Get lost ……” Qin Xiaotian kicked the butler away, “I have the medicine left behind by big brother here, specifically to control the Four Vajra’s, when big brother was in seclusion, he said that if my Qin family suffers from a terminal disaster, the Four Vajra’s can be released The!”
Qin Xiaotian did not listen to the butler at all and walked straight to the backyard.
After being kicked by Qin Xiaotian, the butler also became quite honest, and could only sigh and follow closely behind.
He walked all the way to the deepest part of the backyard, where there was a separate courtyard, the gate was locked tightly and the lock on it was rusty, obviously it had been locked for a long time.
Looking at the courtyard in front of him, Qin Xiaotian stood for a while before taking out the key and unlocking the door with a clench of his teeth.
Creak …………
The heavy door was pushed open, and immediately afterwards a roar could be heard from inside the courtyard room, as well as the clattering of chains.
Qin Xiaotian took a big step to the door of the room, opened a lock again and pushed the door of the room open himself.
With the sun shining, the inside of the dimly lit room instantly became a little brighter.
At this moment, inside the room, four dishevelled guys were being chained up. Seeing someone coming, all four guys pounced over with scarlet eyes, but just after taking two steps, they were pulled by the chains and could not take a step forward.
“Food, give me food …………”
One guy bared his teeth and growled at Qin Xiaotian.
The other three guys also looked at Qin Xiaotian with fierce faces, each one like a hungry beast.
Qin Xiaotian took out a handful of something like sugar beans from his pocket and threw it directly towards the four guys.
When the four guys saw this, they all hurriedly picked them up and stuffed them into their mouths.
Soon, after eating the stuff Qin Xiaotian gave them, the four guys who were originally manic all slowly became quiet.
The scarlet in their eyes receded and they all looked at Qin Xiaotian in a mute manner.
Seeing this situation, Qin Xiaotian waved his hand and said, “Go and open their chains ……”
“Third Master!” The butler had a difficult face and some fear in his heart.
“Open it ……”
With a jangling sound, Qin Xiaotian pulled out the soft sword at his waist and directly rested it on the butler’s neck.
The butler felt the slightest chill from the sword and was so frightened that he dared not speak, trembling as he walked over and unlocked the chains of the four guys.
Without the control, the four guys surprisingly did not move, all quietly waiting for Qin Xiaotian to give the order, seeing this scene, the butler then breathed a sigh of relief.
“You guys come with me ……”
Qin Xiaotian said to the four guys.
“Yes!” The four guys nodded and followed Qin Xiaotian out of the room.
The four guys with puffy hair and ragged clothes followed Qin Xiaotian out, which made many of the Qin family underlings feel curious, and many of them looked at them secretly.
Even Qin Gang, the young master of the Qin family, did not know about the existence of the Four Vajra, but Qin Feng did know about it, and in order to deal with Chen Ping, he had wanted to release the Four Vajra privately, only to be stopped by Qin Xiaotian.
And now, Qin Xiaotian didn’t expect that he was also forced to use the Four Great Vajra to the point of using them.
…………
Kyoto, on the mountainous road out of the city, the taxi driver enthusiastically followed Chen Ping and climbed into conversation, this was a big deal today, the fare from Kyoto to Hongcheng was more than three thousand, which made the taxi driver very happy.
“Young man, what kind of business are you in? Not many people take a taxi from Kyoto to Hongcheng ……”
After all, a fare of several thousand dollars is something that the average person would certainly not be able to spare.
“Doing a little business on my own ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and casually said to the taxi driver.