At this moment, Chen Ping and the others showed some embarra*sment, as all the believers knelt down and worshipped.
Only Chen Ping and the few of them were standing, looking very abrupt!
Ono Hiroshi looked up and when he saw Watanabe Fumio, his face instantly changed!
Because he had ordered Mieko to take care of Watanabe Fumio, but he didn’t expect Watanabe Fumio to appear at the scene of the priest ceremony?
Although Ono Koichi found out about Chen Ping and the others, he didn’t say anything because this was a ritual ceremony and it needed to be held steadily until it was finished!
If Ono Hiroshi approached Watanabe Fumio at this time to question him or make a scene, it would be a big sin.
“What the f*ck is this god?”
When Hu Ma Zi saw the statue, he couldn’t help but burst out a foul mouth!
This foul mouth caused many believers to look up!
Watanabe Fumio hurriedly explained, “Master Hu, this used to be a sculpture of the martial god Toyotomi Hideyoshi hundreds of years ago, and it is him who is worshipped at this Chizuru Shrine!”
“sh*t, a few hundred years old, how can you call it a god?”
Pocky Hu snorted in disdain!
Although Hu Ma Zi’s voice was not loud, it could be heard clearly by everyone!
At this moment, everyone looked at Hu Ma Zi with angry eyes!
Ono Hiroshi’s eyes were also slightly fixed, with a strong killing intent in his eyes!
This was clearly a disturbance at the time of their rituals!
But Hu Ma Zi didn’t care, they had come here to cause trouble.
Watanabe Fumio smiled awkwardly, “Master Hu, compared to the thousands of years of civilization in Daxia, these few hundred years are indeed nothing ……”
At this moment, there were already quite a few believers with murderous auras on their faces, and if Pocky Hu dared to say one more word, they would not hesitate to take action!
Even Ono Hiroshi couldn’t control it, his body was trembling slightly and he kept it down!
For today was too important for their Chizuru Shrine and he had no choice!
“Invite a few of them in ……”
Just as Ono Hiroshi was trembling with anger, an old voice came into his ears!
Seeing this, Ono Hiroshi could only get up, before looking coldly at Watanabe Fumio and saying, “Watanabe Fumio, you people come in with me ……”
Watanabe Fumio looked at Chen Ping beside him, only to see Chen Ping nod, and they walked towards the shrine this time!
And the ritual ceremony was paused!
Thousands of believers looked at Chen Ping as they walked into the shrine, and there was actually a look of envy in their eyes!
One must know that these believers were not qualified to enter the shrine at all.
Some of them had been believers for more than ten years, but they had never even set foot in the shrine!
Having just stepped into the shrine, Ono Koichi’s anger could no longer be held back and he turned his head to Watanabe Fumio and said, “Watanabe Fumio, you D*mned thing, how dare you bring people to openly provoke the shrine, and on the day of the great festival!”
Ono Koichi’s anger instantly enveloped Watanabe Fumio!
Watanabe Fumio’s face changed, knowing that it used to be very difficult for Watanabe Fumio to see Ono Koichi even once.
Now that he had been reprimanded by Koichi Ono, Watanabe Fumio was really scared!
“It is I who will come to meet your gods, if there is anything, you can come at me ……”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body also instantly exploded, directly suppressing Ono Hiroshi’s aura!
“You?” Ono Hiroshi looked at Chen Ping and instantly remembered, “You’re Chen Ping, the guy who killed Chishima Chuan?”
“Not bad, but you can now add one more person to the list, that Tanaka Maki was also killed by me.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“What? Tanaka-kun was killed by you?”
“Impossible, absolutely impossible ……”
Ono Koichi simply did not believe that Chen Ping could have killed Tanaka Maki.
“What’s impossible, that Tanaka Maki and Mieko, are both dead, can’t you see them and think about what’s going on?”
Chen Ping asked with a sneer on his face.
With this statement, it instantly made Ono Hiroshi’s eyes widen in anger and murderous aura filled the air!