This is one of the Ten Great Weapons of the Ancient World, and the Shennong Cauldron is on the list! It was a pottery censer handed down from the Shennong Clan in the ancient times!
He had heard the old leader talk about those legendary divine weapons in the past, but he never thought that he would come across one today.
He knew that this Shennong Tripod was an existence that all healers looked up to, but he had never thought that a visit to Jiangnan would let him come across such a treasure!
In his excitement, Chen Ping’s eyes suddenly lit up!
Picking up the Shennong Ding, Chen Ping carefully examined the inscriptions on the body of the tripod, and his shock was overwhelming.
From the branding technique and form of the tripod, it was clear that this was definitely real.
The Shennong Tripod!
Chen Ping’s hand trembled with excitement.
This was really simply an unexpected pleasure! If he used this Shennong Cauldron to refine pills, then it would be possible for Chen Ping to refine even more advanced pills, and perhaps he would be able to practice a Marrow Cleansing Pill as well.
If he could really practice a Marrow Cleansing Pill, he would not hesitate to give Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng two of them to practice two of them to eat as well.
Through the Marrow Cleansing Body, it would be great if Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng could also step into the Immortal Cultivation Realm.
Chen Ping needed strength now, and he likewise needed helpers.
If he surrounded himself with all immortal cultivation experts, then there would be nothing to fear.
Seeing Chen Ping’s excited look, Ren Xian and Sun Simiao looked at each other, while Ren Xian’s heart was dripping blood.
This bronze tripod had been in their home for decades, and had been thought to be an accompanying burial object from the Shang and Zhou dynasties. Although it was worth a lot of money, it was nothing to the Ren family, who had other bronze tripods much larger than this one at home.
Originally, he thought that this small bronze tripod was the most rubbish, so Ren Xian took it over, but he did not want this to happen before his eyes, he did not expect that the bronze tripod could even become bigger, and after looking at Chen Ping’s excited look, Ren Xian knew that this bronze tripod must be a treasure.
But now that he had given it to Chen Ping, it was impossible for Ren Xian to ask for it back.
“Clan Master Ren, I do like this bronze censer, then I will accept it, if there is anything that Clan Master Ren needs my help with, please feel free to say ……”
Chen Ping gently stroked on top of the bronze censer, which once again became palm-sized and was directly tucked into Chen Ping’s arms.
When Ren Xian saw Chen Ping say this, he was overjoyed, the chagrin he felt just now disappeared instantly, and he said with a face of excitement, “I’m not going to hide it from you, Mr. Chen, I do have a favor to ask ……”
“Please speak, as long as I can help, I am absolutely obliged to do so ……”
Chen Ping was excited to get the Shennong Cauldron, so he waved his hand.
Ren Xian glanced at Sun Simiao, then followed Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, I heard that apart from your high martial arts skills, your medical skills are also profound, it just so happens that my wife is ill again, I hope Mr. Chen can help to take a look ……”
“See a doctor?” Chen Ping was stunned, he didn’t expect Ren Xian to be so generous as to ask him to see a doctor, and it looked like Ren Xian and Sun Simiao were also familiar with each other, what illness couldn’t even be seen by the Medicine King Mansion?
“Couldn’t Lord Sun’s House also see the illness of Lord Ren’s wife?”
Chen Ping asked with some confusion.
When Sun Simiao heard this, his old face reddened and he said, “I’m not going to hide it from Mr. Chen, I’ve seen it many times and there’s really nothing I can do ……”
“Even House Master Sun can’t see it, so it is indeed a difficult disease, I will go to the house tomorrow quietly ……”
Chen Ping nodded in agreement, but it was now late at night and it was not quite appropriate to go to someone’s home to see a female family member.
“Thank you so much Mr. Chen, thank you so much ……”
When Ren Xian saw Chen Ping’s agreement, he thanked him repeatedly.
“Family head Ren can now rest a*sured, as long as Mr. Chen is on hand, there is no disease that cannot be cured, moreover, Mr. Chen’s alchemy is one of a kind, after eating the pills made by Mr. Chen, you can strengthen your body and be invulnerable to all poisons ……”
Sun Simiao bragged about Chen Ping, and Ren Xian also nodded his head repeatedly.
Chen Ping helplessly glanced at Sun Simiao, this boasting, it is possible that that Ren Xian even asked for two elixirs.