“Mr. Chen …………”
Zhao Wuji looked at Chen Ping in that miserable state and hurriedly went forward to support Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s heart was relieved and a mouthful of fresh blood spurted out.
“Mr. Chen, Mr. Chen …………”
Zhao Wuji was in a state of panic!
“Don’t worry, he can’t die ……”
Mr. Shi said indifferently after taking a glance at Chen Ping.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, I’m fine!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly towards Zhao Wuji.
“Mr. Shi, this Chen Ping barged into my banquet and killed someone from my Ning family, I was just about to teach him a good lesson!”
Ning Zhi looked at Mr. Shi and said in a humble manner.
“I’ll take the man away, tell everyone else to get lost ……”
Mr Shi said nonchalantly.
When Ning Zhi saw that Mr. Shi was going to take Chen Ping away, he frowned.
He had to know that Chen Ping was now a lamb to the slaughter, and if he let Chen Ping go at this time, he was afraid that he would not have such a good opportunity in the future.
“Mr. Shi, this Chen Ping has destroyed my Ning family villa and killed my Ning family’s people, you just take him away like this, I ……”
Snap!
Before Ning Zhi finished his words, he felt a strong wind hit him, followed by his entire body falling heavily on the ground.
Mr. Shi looked at Ning Zhi with a cold face and a slightly strained gaze, “You didn’t hear what I said?”
Ning Zhi slowly climbed to his feet, his face filled with terror!
Those other people from the clan and family were also too frightened to breathe.
No one could see how Shi had struck, while that Ning Zhi had been smashed straight out of the air.
“I hear you, listen to everything Mr Shi arranges!”
Ning Zhi did not dare to retort in the slightest.
“Let’s go!” Mr Shi said to Zhao Wuji.
Zhao Wuji hurriedly a*sisted Chen Ping, intending to leave.
But Chen Ping broke away from Zhao Wuji, then shook his head and said, “I have to save the Four Villains today, or I will die here.”
“Mr. Chen, in your current condition, how can you be a match for these people, let’s leave first!”
Zhao Wuji advised Chen Ping.
“I won’t leave until I save them, even if I die ……”
Chen Ping’s gaze was firm.
Zhao Wuji glanced at Mr. Shi helplessly.
Mr Shi’s face was displeased, but he still turned to look at Ning Zhi.
“Where are the four villains locked up?”
Mr Shi asked indifferently.
Ning Zhi hesitated, but finally spoke, “Kept in the dungeon!”
“Take me there and set them all free ……”
Mr Shi’s tone was strong, an order.
Ning Zhi nodded, he didn’t dare to go against Mr. Shi’s wishes.
Even if their Ning family was bullish, none of them were more than official.
Ning Zhi led Mr. Shi and Chen Ping and the others towards the dungeon!
The inside of the Ning Family’s dungeon was very dim, and the four villains were all locked up inside.
Each one got their collarbones hooked by special hooks to prevent them from escaping.
And in the next room, there was Dong Jiahao, who was locked up.
Having been locked up inside the dungeon for this period of time, Dong Jiahao’s hair was dishevelled and his expression had become much duller.
“Son …………”
When Dong Liqun saw that his son had been locked up in the dungeon by Ning Zhi and had turned into this state, anger erupted from his body!
“Ning Zhi, I’ll f*cking kill you, how did you promise me?”
Killing intent erupted from Dong Liqun’s body, and he slapped Ning Zhi with a single palm.
Dong Liqun had always thought that Ning Zhi had only put Dong Jiahao under house arrest, but in terms of clothing, food, shelter and transportation, he shouldn’t be too harsh.
But who knew that this Ning Zhi would put Dong Jiahao in the dungeon?
Ning Zhi panicked and his body backed up in a hurry!
As soon as Dong Liqun made his move, he only saw Shi’s palm wave, and Dong Liqun’s entire body was instantly controlled against the wall, unable to move.
One must know that Dong Liqun was a Martial Marquis, but in front of Mr. Shi, he was so unbearable!
It was evident how strong this Mr. Shi was.
“Is this pretending that I don’t exist? Whoever dares to make a move again, don’t blame me for not showing any mercy!”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, his energy was withdrawn, while that Dong Liqun fell to the ground.