Chen Ping stepped forward, set Jin Dong and Luo Xi aside, and looked at that Elder Lu, “Is that how unquestioning your Xuan Yin Sect is?”
“As I said, he was the one who hit me first, I was merely defending myself ……”
“Do you take me for a three year old? He’s a fourth ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, if he had made the first move to slap you, you would have been ruined by now.”
Elder Lu snorted coldly!
“Not to mention him, a Transitional Realm Fourth Grade cultivator, even if you, a Transitional Realm Fifth Grade, hit me with a slap, I can still resist it, it’s my own skill, it doesn’t mean he didn’t do it.”
Chen Ping said reasonably!
But these words instantly made that Elder Lu angry!
In front of so many people, to say that he, a Fifth Grade Cultivator of the Transition Realm, couldn’t injure a First Grade Cultivator of the Transition Realm, wasn’t that an insult?
“Kid, you’re too crazy, dare to talk about Elder Fei like this …… ” Liu Xueyi saw the situation and hurriedly added more fuel to the fire, “Elder Fei, try hitting this kid with a slap, lest you let him see no one in his eyes, and he’s too much of an underestimation of our demonic cultivators. ”
“Although these years, we devil cultivators are being hunted down everywhere by their human cultivators, and our cultivation space is being compressed, but it’s not to such an unbearable point ah, the fifth grade of the Transition Realm hit him, the first grade of the Transition Realm, and he even said that he could carry it off.”
Liu Xueyi had actually raised the conflict between him and Chen Ping to the conflict between the human race and the demon race!
At this, that Elder Lu’s anger grew even more, and he coldly stared at Chen Ping, “Kid, this is what you said, if you can take a slap from me, then it will prove that you are not lying ……”
“Good ……” Chen Ping nodded!
“Mr Chen …………” Jin Dong rushed to stop Chen Ping, “This can’t be done, this Elder Lu is in the fifth rank of the Ferrying Realm, this is not a good idea to fight hard! ……”
“That’s right, although I know that Mr Chen has a high natural talent and can fight over the level, but you standing and being hit with a slap by a fifth ranked cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, this is not something to play around with.”
Luo Xi also advised Chen Ping!
Even Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun were worried for Chen Ping!
With Chen Ping’s current strength, he definitely had the power to fight after a battle with a Fifth Grade cultivator of the Transition Realm!
However, to stand still and be slapped by the other party, that was a bit of a moot point!
“Don’t worry guys, I have a measure ……”
Chen Ping said to the few people!
Seeing that Chen Ping was particularly firm, the others stopped persuading him, while that Liu Xueyi was looking at Chen Ping with a grim smile on his face!
Chen Ping quietly stood in front of that Elder Lu and said, “Do it ……”
“Kid, you asked for it, so many people have testified, if you die, it has nothing to do with my Xuan Yin Sect.”
Elder Lu said!
“Of course, if I die, it’s because I deserve it, and I won’t trouble your Xuan Yin Sect.”
Chen Ping nodded!
Chen Ping was like this because after he had broken through the Transition Realm, his physical body had been tempered to a new level.
Having just been slapped by that Liu Xueyi, Chen Ping did not activate his Unbreakable Golden Body, but his body did not receive any damage either, which made Chen Ping feel much more confident!
Therefore, Chen Ping wanted to try to see how far he could resist a slap from Elder Lu, a Fifth Grade Cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, with his physical body alone!
Right now, Chen Ping was very confident that Elder Lu could not possibly kill him with a single slap!
Everyone was watching as if they were watching, and some were sweating for Chen Ping!
Elder Lu saw that everyone around him was watching, so he mobilised his body’s aura, and the aura of the Fifth Grade of the Transition Realm began to burst out!
Although he did not know why Chen Ping had such confidence, Elder Lu knew that his palm had to make Chen Ping fall to the ground with serious injuries!
Not to let Chen Ping die, but must make Chen Ping seriously injured, this fire is very difficult to master, after all, there is a big gap between the strength of the two people!
Elder Lu operated his breath and slapped his palm towards Chen Ping!