Chen Erga froze at once: “Chen …… Chen brother, this …… can not, I also can not manage ah!”
“If you don’t know how to do it, you can learn, who knows how to do it at birth?” Chen Ping shoved the contract into Chen Erga’s hand: “In the future, straighten your back, others will have to call you Mr. Chen!”
Chen Erga was holding the two contracts, his hands were trembling, his face was red, he was so excited inside!
At this moment, he was imagining the scene where people would call him Mr. Chen!
As the other students watched, their eyes were red and they were all envious.
Some students began to regret that they hadn’t been as polite to Chen Ping as Chen Erga had been from the start, if that had been the case, they might have been able to reap some benefits themselves!
Just then, the compartment door was suddenly kicked open and a young man in a white shirt and black suit walked in, followed by several security guards!
“Cousin, this is the guy who beat me up, you have to take revenge for me!”
Yuan Hua said as he pointed at Chen Ping!
Yuan Hua’s cousin coldly glanced at Chen Ping before turning to Yuan Hua and saying, “Just himself?”
Yuan Hua swept a glance at a few of his cla*smates, and those cla*smates all pulled away from Chen Ping in fear.
Chen Erga was also struggling extremely internally at this point, his legs trembling in fear, but in the end he didn’t move!
“And that kid beside him, scrap it for me together, D*mn it …………”
Yuan Hua was furious when he saw that Chen Erga was still sitting next to Chen Ping and not moving!
“You’re a f*cking loser, just these two monkey-like guys, and they beat you up?”
Yuan Hua’s cousin slapped Yuan Hua on the head and scolded him angrily!
Yuan Hua said with a face full of aggression, “Cousin, this guy just got out of jail and learned a few moves, I can’t beat him!”
“Yell! Or a Taoist.” When Yuan Hua’s cousin heard this, the corners of his mouth immediately lifted, “Brother, which road?”
Cousin Yuan Hua thought that Chen Ping had done time in jail, that is, he was in the society!
“Cousin, he’s on the road, my a*s, he was his girlfriend played by that Xiao Lei, and when he got angry he hit Xiao Lei with a brick and did three years in jail!”
Yuan Hua hurriedly followed his cousin and explained!
“Holy sh*t! There’s still such a thing?” Cousin Yuan Hua was stunned, then laughed out loud, “This kid really has a long and unlucky look, but if he dares to hit my cousin, it’s not as simple as being jailed for three years!”
As Cousin Yuan Hua finished speaking, he suddenly grabbed a wine bottle and smashed it down towards Chen Ping’s head!
“Ah …………”
Several timid girls shrieked at the sight.
Chen Erga was so scared that his face turned white, but seeing that Chen Ping was about to be smashed, Chen Erga gritted his teeth, stood up and picked up the stool.
But before he could do so, he saw Chen Ping, who had been sitting still, smash out with a punch!
Cousin Yuan Hua was punched in the stomach and flew backwards!
The pain was so intense that Cousin Yuan Hua was hunched over, his face extremely grim!
“Cousin, are you alright?”
Yuan Hua asked as he hurriedly held his cousin up.
“Give me a go, kill him …………”
Yuan Hua’s cousin roared angrily, and when several security guards saw this, they rushed straight up with their rubber sticks!
“Brother Chen, you go, I’ll fight with them …………”
Chen Erga carried the stool and directly went up to meet them!
But just as Chen Erga and those few security guards were about to touch, I only saw a figure flash by, and then I saw those few security guards all fall to the ground, each one moaning in pain!
These people were all Lin Tianhu’s men, and were considered to be his own men, so Chen Ping didn’t kill them, or else these people would not be alive!