Elder Left Blind frowned as he gently waved his large hand, directly shattering this shockwave!
These two silhouettes were none other than the two people who had hurriedly arrived, Heavenly Fury and Heavenly Luo!
When they reached the entrance of the cave, they fell down from mid-air!
The Left Blind Elder, on the other hand, rose immediately with his sword and stared at the other party!
At this time, the sitting Elder no longer had a relaxed look on his face, after all, the strength of this Heavenly Fury and Heavenly Law was not weak!
Both of them could be at the second rank of the Mahayana realm!
This kind of strength was not rare in this part of the Eastern Region, and the other party was also a demonic cultivator just like him!
It wasn’t easy for a devil cultivator to be able to cultivate to this kind of realm!
It was important to know that demonic cultivators had very little room to survive in the Celestial Realm, and there were not many resources that they could obtain, so it was not easy to cultivate to the Mahayana Realm!
Heavenly Luo and Heavenly Fury were also slightly stunned after seeing Elder Zuo Blind, they didn’t expect to be able to run into someone of the same path!
Moreover, the aura on the other party was so terrifying that they couldn’t detect the other party’s realm at all!
Heavenly Fury arched his hand towards Elder Left Blind as a greeting, and then he was about to lead Tian Luo into the cave entrance!
However, Elder Left Blind reached out and stopped the two people!
“This fellow Daoist, I wonder what’s the matter with you stopping us?”
Tian Xia asked!
“To enter, each person pays 100,000 spirit stones.”Elder Left Blind said!
“Pay one hundred thousand spirit stones?”
Heaven’s Fury and Tian Luo were stunned!
They were both parasites, working as dogs for the Demon Sealing Alliance, where would they have a hundred thousand spirit stones ah!
“Who are you? Does this cave belong to your family? Why should I give you spirit stones?”
Tian Luo asked in dissatisfaction!
“You don’t care if it’s my family’s or not, if I tell you to hand it over, hand it over or don’t even think about going in.”
Elder Left Blind had a very tough attitude!
Tian Luo frowned, one hand instantly gripped on top of that blood red long sword!
This old guy was also too bullish, wasn’t this roadblock robbery?
Seeing this, Heavenly Fury hurriedly pressed Tian Luo’s arm, and then with a smile on his face, he said towards Elder Left Blind, “Fellow Daoist, we are going out, it is impossible for us to bring so many spirit stones ah, and on the basis that we are both demonic cultivators, let the two of us go in!”
“No, this is the rule, it can’t be broken ……,” said Elder Left Blind!
Even Lin Ke Ting, the great lady, can’t break the rules, of course he dares even more!
“Damn, you old thing, let us go in or not? Let me tell you, we’re from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“You old thing, if you’re not honest, we’ll directly arrest you into the Demon Sealing Alliance and make you suffer in hell!”
When Tian Luo saw that Elder Left Blind didn’t give his face, he was instantly enraged!
He brought out the Demon Sealing Alliance, after all, many demonic cultivators could be afraid of the Demon Sealing Alliance, after all, the Demon Sealing Alliance was an alliance organisation that was specifically set up to target demonic cultivators!
As soon as Tian Luo spoke of the Demon Sealing Alliance, Elder Left Blind’s anger instantly skyrocketed!
“Damn, so you are the dogs of the Demon Sealing Alliance, things that disgrace our demon lineage.”
“I pooh …………”
Elder Left Blind actually spat viciously towards Heavenly Fury and Tian Luo!
“You fucking …………”
Tian Luo instantly became furious and instantly drew out his blood-coloured longsword and directly chopped towards the left blind elder!
With this temperament, he could not allow others to be so humiliated!
Left Blind Elder was also in the heat of anger, seeing that Tian Luo even dared to make a move on himself, he was instantly furious and also chopped the longsword in his hand in a smooth manner, and a sky full of sword light exploded out in front of him!
Seeing this, those several sword-wearing cultivators directly drew their longswords and surrounded Tian Luo!
Although the strength of these people, compared to Heavenly Fury, was a lot different, but these several sword-wearing cultivators didn’t have the slightest bit of fear, and didn’t have a single expression on their faces!
When Heavenly Fury looked at the several sword-wearing cultivators, he felt that something was not good, it was obvious that the state that these cultivators showed was too extraordinary, ordinary sects were afraid that they could not cultivate this kind of people!