“You little pieces of trash dare to lay a hand on Mr. Chen…”
Nan Batian and Li Chunfeng sprang into action in an instant!
The air rang with sword cries, followed by a cascade of ten thousand sword lights!
The Eight Swords of Demon Mountain were immediately stalled by this barrage, unable to get within an inch of Chen Ping!
Nan Batian and Li Chunfeng squared off against the Eight Swords!
Ming Shao watched quietly, a smirk tugging at his lips, “This just keeps getting more interesting…”
“Who are you? How’s your swordsmanship this bloody good?”
Fusheng, reeling from Li Chunfeng’s skill, couldn’t help but blurt out in shock!
“If we’re talking lineage, I’d be your granddad. With your half-baked swordplay, you’re a disgrace to the name of sword cultivator.”
Li Chunfeng quipped, then turned into a streak of sword light, slashing down!
Sensing the terror of Li Chunfeng’s sword intent, Fusheng didn’t dare meet it head-on. He bellowed, “Form the array…”
At his command, the eight slashed the straps of their sword cases in unison. The eight cases soared skyward, and from within, beams of light shot out like sharp blades, hurtling towards Li Chunfeng!
Turns out, those cases hid mechanisms!
Boom!
Li Chunfeng swung his longsword, weaving an impenetrable wall of strikes before him!
Seeing this, Fusheng bit his finger, drawing a special rune on his blade with his blood!
The other sword cultivators followed suit, biting their fingers and tracing symbols on their own swords!
Once done, the eight blades began trembling violently!
Then, the eight flung their swords into the air, where they fused together!
The eight blades merged into a single giant sword, hovering midair. At that moment, the very void seemed to quake!
The colossal sword charged straight at Li Chunfeng. Meanwhile, the Eight Swords positioned themselves, drops of blood falling to the ground!
The earth beneath Li Chunfeng’s feet rumbled, and a sword array slowly rose from the surface, trapping him inside!
Within the array, countless sword qi, along with the giant sword, surged towards Li Chunfeng!
The Ten Thousand Swords Piercing Heart Array!
This was the Eight Swords’ ace in the hole. Once activated, it could easily cut down an Ascension Realm Seventh Rank cultivator!
They didn’t dare underestimate Li Chunfeng. Though his raw power wasn’t overwhelming, every move he made was unlike anything they’d seen, his sword intent carrying the weight of the Great Dao!
From that intent, they’d sussed out he wasn’t a native of the Celestial Realm, likely a Heavenly Realm figure trapped here!
So they weren’t taking chances, unleashing the Ten Thousand Swords array right off the bat!
Li Chunfeng eyed the myriad sword intents within the array, a sneer curling his lips as he slowly closed his eyes!
Though his realm was suppressed, he’d seen his fair share of the world. A measly sword array wasn’t about to rattle him!
With sword in hand, he began swinging lightly around himself!
From those swings, a barrier-like field formed within a hundred metres of him!
“Sword Domain?” Fusheng gasped!
He hadn’t expected Li Chunfeng to pull out a Sword Domain.
Within this domain, Li Chunfeng was the master, this patch of heaven and earth his own creation!
Inside, Li Chunfeng snapped his eyes open, roaring, “Sword, come…”
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh…
Countless terrifying sword intents erupted, bearing down on the array!
In a mere instant, under this fearsome onslaught, the sword array shattered to pieces!
Fusheng and the others stumbled back, eyes wide with terror, blood gushing from their mouths!
“A bunch of clueless ants, daring to tangle with us?”
Nan Batian bellowed, his figure suddenly swelling to a hundred metres tall, then smashed a fist forward!
Fusheng and his crew, still reeling from Li Chunfeng’s blow, were caught off guard as Nan Batian came charging in!