Chen Ping pondered for a moment, he knew that the matter of him killing Cheng Zhichang and Xuanyuan Yan must have been suppressed by the Martial Dao Alliance, as to why the Martial Dao Alliance wanted to suppress the matter and make a big deal out of it, it must be because they were afraid that if it became a big deal, they wouldn’t be able to hide their secret.
“Do you want to make a big deal out of it? I am not going to follow your wishes ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed up with killing intent.
At this time, Zhao Wuji arrived and was very happy to see Chen Ping awake, “Mr. Chen, you’re awake, it’s really great, I’ve already reported the matter of Guo Wei practicing evil kung fu to Mr. Shi, and told Mr. Shi that this Guo Wei is definitely not the only one practicing evil kung fu in this Martial Alliance!”
“Then what did Mr. Shi say?” Chen Ping asked.
“He ……” Zhao Wuji looked despondent for a moment, “Mr. Shi doesn’t seem to believe what I said at all!”
“If it were me, I wouldn’t easily believe it either, after all, the Martial Alliance is Avray rooted in Kyoto, and also includes eighty percent of the clans and families in the entire Kyoto martial arts world, without definite evidence, how could Mr. Shi investigate the Martial Alliance based on your words!”
Chen Ping said slowly.
“Then …… what then? Should we just let the Wudao Alliance run rampant and do nothing to take him?”
Zhao Wuji had a face of anger.
“In order to make them reveal their horses, we have to make them mess up ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes looked Avray outside, and his heart seemed to have an idea.
“Mr. Chen, what do you want to do? Now that you have almost destroyed the Perak Sect and the Xuan Yuan Family, and have also followed the Martial Alliance to make enemies, the main thing for you to do now is to hurry up and leave Kyoto, find a place to hide first, and when you are strong enough, just come back ……”
Zhao Wuji said to Chen Ping persuasively.
“Mr. Chen, Pavilion Master Zhao is right, you should leave Kyoto right now, this is already a place of right and wrong, there is no telling how many people want your life!”
Zhao Liguo also persuaded Chen Ping.
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “I won’t be running away, this time, I want to follow the Martial Alliance in an open and honest confrontation, if I escape this time, then everyone around me will suffer ……”
Chen Ping knew that even if he escaped, the people around him would still suffer, and Shadowless Villa was an example.
The reason why the Shadowless Villa was almost exterminated was because of himself, and if Chen Ping had not appeared in time at that time, there would not be a Shadowless Villa now.
Shadowless Villa was his own Heavenly Dragon Highness’s hall, yet it had almost suffered the extermination of its family twice because of himself, there was no way Chen Ping could swallow this anger.
Chen Ping’s words caused both Zhao Wuji and Zhao Liguo to fall silent, for Chen Ping was right, if Chen Ping fled now, then Shadowless Villa would definitely suffer extermination, as well as the Bai family, who followed Chen Ping very closely, for fear that they would also suffer a serious blow.
“Chen Ping, then what are you going to do next?” Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping and asked.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, you help me contact the media reporters in Kyoto, I want to make an announcement ……”
Chen Ping said to Zhao Wuji.
“Mr. Chen, you want to …………”
Zhao Wuji wanted to ask Chen Ping what he wanted to announce, but before the words came out, he was interrupted by Chen Ping waving his hand.
Seeing that Chen Ping wouldn’t say anything, Zhao Wuji didn’t ask any more questions and left after nodding his head!
“Zhao Liguo ……”
Chen Ping looked towards Zhao Liguo and shouted by his first name.
Zhao Liguo was slightly stunned as usually Chen Ping always addressed him as Zhao Zhuangzhu, not understanding what was wrong this time.
“Mr. Chen …………”
Zhao Liguo hurriedly stepped forward and respectfully bowed his head!
“You take the remaining people of the Shadowless Villa, have Yu Qi and Ling’er join you, and quickly integrate the forces of the Perak Sect and the Xuan Yuan Family under your own banner, I want the entire Kyoto martial arts community to know that the Shadowless Villa is my force, I want to take root and sprout in the Kyoto martial arts community …… ”
Chen Ping’s obsidian-like eyes emitted an icy and stern light, he was going to do something big in Kyoto.