“Heavenly Underworld Eyes?” Chen Ping immediately had a headache!
This guy was already difficult to deal with, in possession of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, he would be even more difficult to deal with!
Chen Ping pondered, but his feet did not dare to relax in the slightest, his Blistering Wind Steps were smouldering, but the dangerous aura behind him was getting closer and closer!
Brush …………
Suddenly, Chen Ping only felt a strong wind coming from behind him, Chen Ping didn’t even dare to turn back, the whole person lunged forward and rolled smoothly to avoid the blow!
Chen Ping got up and saw that Qi Peijia had already arrived in front of him with a disdainful sneer on his face!
“Kid, I told you, you can’t escape from me, so you don’t need to be running away, obediently suffer death ……”
Qi Peijia said coldly!
“Suffer your mother’s death ……”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Beheading Sword was in his hand, his eyes became sharp and incomparable, even if he knew that he would not be able to defeat him, there was no way that Chen Ping would fold his hands, this was not his character!
Only to see Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body covering his entire body, the Dragon Crystal at his chest flickered with light!
“Nine Shadow Sword Technique …………”
Chen Ping shouted explosively, and instantly a figure appeared!
In the end, six figures surrounded that Qi Peijia!
Six identical Chen Ping’s, each possessing the exact same aura!
Qi Peijia looked at Chen Ping, who had suddenly turned into several of them, and surprisingly did not panic in the slightest!
“Hmph, a mere illusion, do you want to show off your skills?”
Qi Peijia still thought that Chen Ping was casting an illusion!
“Chop ……”
Chen Ping ignored him, since Qi Peijia took this Nine Shadows Sword Technique as an illusion, then Chen Ping could take advantage of his carelessness to strike!
Chen Ping let out a low gulp, and a series of buzzing sounds rang out as six identical Chen Ping’s instantly chopped out a sword awn!
And these six sword awns unexpectedly trembled slightly and then began to split, quickly turning into thousands of sword awns that surrounded Qi Peijia and chopped towards him together!
Feeling the dangerous aura coming from all directions, Qi Peijia frowned slightly.
“Surprisingly, it’s not an illusion?”
Qi Peijia sensed out that the Chen Ping in every direction was surprisingly as if they were truly present!
Even these sword awnings were exactly the same, there was no illusion!
Qi Peijia’s pupils continued to contract as his entire body was enveloped by thousands of sword awnings!
“Even if you really can split, you will never be able to kill me ……”
Qi Peijia roared, and his body suddenly erupted into a black mist, which wrapped Qi Peijia’s body tightly!
“Black Demon Armour ……”
Accompanied by Qi Pei Jia’s roar, the black mist that wrapped Qi Pei Jia’s body, surprisingly began to rapidly solidify, and finally turned into a pair of armour, which was tightly fitted onto the body!
The black armour, without the slightest light, at a glance, was like a bottomless abyss!
At this moment, Chen Ping was in a golden incorruptible golden body, while Qi Peijia was in a black demonic armour, both of them seemed like a war general, representing their respective sides!
Liu Xueyi followed a kind of demonic cultivator to catch up, and when they saw the scene in front of them, they were directly dumbfounded!
What they saw was that six Chen Ping, who were radiant with golden light, surrounded Qi Peijia, who was clad in black armour, in the middle!
Countless sword awns were heading towards Qi Peijia!
“What is this …… situation? How come there are six of them, could it be sextuplets?”
“Fart, can’t you see that they’re all exactly the same person, they must all be phantoms, they’re all fake.”
“No, it doesn’t look fake, there’s an aura on each of these, the same aura.”
The many devil cultivators were talking!
Liu Xueyi, on the other hand, was pale, he really did not expect that Chen Ping had so many tricks up his sleeve!
At that time, he was counted by Chen Ping and thought that he was careless, now it seemed that it was simply that he was not strong enough to defeat Chen Ping!