“Damn, dare to lie to me ……”
Qi Peijia was furious and wanted to catch up with Chen Ping, but the intense dizziness and discomfort made it impossible for Qi Peijia to pursue!
The Golden Silkworm Compass Poison King Insect was indeed powerful, Qi Peijia went crazy and waved his arms in all directions!
A stream of spiritual energy surged out from Qi Peijia’s palms as if they were fierce tigers, blasting all the surrounding trees into dregs!
Qi Peijia felt as if his divine soul was being gnawed on, the feeling was extremely painful!
“Chen Ping, what did you use on that guy, why is he acting like a madman?”
After running for some distance, Bai Shao asked in disbelief!
“It’s a bit too bad that I used the Golden Silkworm Compound Poison King Worm, but that Qipai Armour is probably going to be hard to recover in a short time.”
Chen Ping sighed and said!
“What’s so unfortunate about this, the master has the Heaven Swallowing Beast, that what Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison is of no use, as long as the Heaven Swallowing Beast is raised, the entire Celestial Realm is still afraid of who ah.”
Fire Phoenix said!
“Just don’t know what this Heaven Swallowing Beast needs to eat to grow ……”
Chen Ping did not know much about the Heaven Swallowing Beast, so he did not know what the Heaven Swallowing Beast ate!
In Chen Ping’s storage ring, there were quite a few medicinal herbs and various spirit stones, but that Heaven Swallowing Beast didn’t seem to like any of them!
“That Heaven Swallowing Beast is a Heavenly Realm thing, it definitely needs Immortal Qi to feed it.”
Bai Shao said!
“Immortal Qi, where to find Immortal Qi?”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, although the Celestial Realm was full of spiritual qi, immortal qi was not easy to find!
Unless in some Divine and Demonic Battlefield places, there would be Immortal Qi, but where to find so many Divine and Demonic Battlefields?
“Master don’t be discouraged, after you ascend, there will be Immortal Qi everywhere.”
The Fire Phoenix comforted Chen Ping and said!
“Ascending into Immortality, I don’t know how long it will take ……”
Chen Ping said with a sigh!
“Master, I’m sure you’ll be fine, I’m still waiting to ascend with you.”
The Fire Phoenix’s eyes were full of expectation!
As the saying goes, one person can achieve the goal, and the Fire Phoenix also wanted to follow Chen Ping to ascend together!
Chen Ping let out a bitter smile and did not speak as he continued to walk forward!
At this moment, Qi Peijia, the whole person’s expression is hideous, in a circle of dozens of miles around him, has long since become a piece of rubble, all the trees have also become slag!
The Golden Silkworm Compass Poison King Worm, made him suffer, that feeling of devouring the soul, too unbearable!
“Gang master …… Gang master ……”
Zou Qi followed a few Heavenly Underworld Gang members and ran in, when they saw the scene, they froze for a moment!
Qi Peijia’s eyes were scarlet, and when he saw Zou Qi and the others, he directly stepped forward and grabbed Zou Qi’s collar!
Zou Qi, on the other hand, was so scared that he was trembling all over “Gang master, you …… what’s wrong with you?”
Qi Peijia did not speak, but a big mouth, from the top of Zou Qi’s head unexpectedly emerged bursts of black fog, these black fog were Zou Qi inhaled into the body!
Zou Qi was in shock, his body slowly ran out of sound, there was no longer a trace of demonic energy, the whole person died!
This time, the few remaining Heavenly Underworld Gang members were dumbfounded!
They didn’t understand how Qi Peijia could suddenly strike at them!
When Qi Peijia’s eyes looked towards the few Heavenly Underworld Gang members, the few Heavenly Underworld Gang members were so scared that they turned around and ran!
However, as soon as they turned to run, several streaks of black Qi transformed into chains and directly grabbed the several Heavenly Underworld Gang members back!
“Master forgive me, master forgive me ……”
The several Heavenly Underworld Gang members all began to beg for mercy!
But Qi Peijia acted as if he couldn’t hear them, and directly bit down on the neck of one of the Heavenly Underworld gang members!
Just like a vampire, he sucked the blood of the Heavenly Underworld gang members!
At the same time, the breath in the bodies of the Heavenly Underworld gang members was also sucked out in one go!
It was only after sucking the blood of several of the Heavenly Underworld Gang members that Qi Peijia’s face slowly became better.
“Chen Ping, I’ll make sure to leave you in pieces, dare to fool me ……”
Qi Peijia hissed loudly!