– “Second young master, then let’s go in quickly.”
Someone urged to Tong Youcai!
“Good, but be careful, the ruins of the Water Fairy Palace are very dangerous, don’t lose your lives here!”
After saying this, Tong Youcai led the crowd slowly towards the palace!
At the same time, the Grand Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect was still searching for the relics, but soon his body stopped in a daze!
“Grand Protector, what’s wrong?”
Someone came forward and asked.
The Grand Protector frowned and said, “It’s bad, the Black and White Imperator has been killed ……”
“What? What? The Black and White Irregulars have been killed?”
“How is it possible, the brothers are both fourth grade Martial Gods, and if they are united, they can reach the fifth grade Martial God realm in an instant!”
“If it wasn’t for those old men from the three sects, who could have killed the Black and White Irregulars so easily?”
Someone asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“I guess it was someone from the Heavenly Thunder Sect. That Tong You Gong of the Heavenly Thunder Sect is already a fifth grade Martial God, despite his young age.”
“And I heard that this guy has transformed his genes and become immortal, if Black and White Imperator meets him, there is no chance of survival!”
The Grand Protector said with a grave face.
At this moment, all the people also looked grave and bowed their heads in silence!
The Grand Protector swept a glance at the crowd, and then said to a thin old man holding a token, “Old Liu, you stay behind and use the formation to block the Heavenly Thunder Sect’s people, we have to find the Water Fairy Palace relics before they do.”
“I have a reincarnation pill here, take it at the critical moment and you will be able to hold on to your life!”
The Great Protector was planning to hold back the Heavenly Thunder Sect so that they could be the first to find the relics!
But what he didn’t know was that Tong Youcai of the Heavenly Thunder Sect had already found the relic, and the one who killed Black and White Imperator was not Tong Youkong of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, but Chen Ping!
However, since there was no such person as Chen Ping in the Hidden World, many people did not know of Chen Ping’s existence and would not a*sociate him with it!
Old Liu did not hesitate, he took the reincarnation pills and said to the Great Protector, “Don’t worry, even if you die, I can still hold them back, in my formation, they will not be able to get out for eight to ten days.”
This old Liu looked quite confident in his own magic!
“Don’t be complacent, although the Heavenly Thunder Sect is not proficient in magic, there is a chance that they will hire a master of magic.”
“You just have to find a way to stop them, and don’t try to start a conflict until you have to.”
The Grand Protector said to Old Willow.
“Understood!”
Old Willow nodded.
The Grand Protector led his men away to continue their search for the relics, while Old Willow thrust his token into the ground and chanted his hands, causing the void to tremble continuously!
Soon the landscape began to change, the forest slowly disappeared and a small stream began to appear, with many families living by it.
Not far away was a mountain range that stretched for tens of thousands of miles and seemed to connect to the sky!
Old Willow was sitting on a large rock with a dry tobacco pouch in his mouth.
There are many people working around him, and children playing and playing!
Looking around him, Old Liu’s face showed a cold smile, he was getting more and more satisfied with his skills!
On the other side, Chen Ping and Liu Rui were still feeling their way, for they had no idea where the ruins of the Water Fairy Palace were!
In this forest, Chen Ping’s consciousness was greatly restricted, so he could only explore within a few miles!
The two of them were walking in the forest, and as time went on, they felt very depressed!
Liu Rui’s face was so ugly that she felt as if she was going to suffocate. -She was desperate to get out of the forest!