“Roar!”
The white bone giant roared as the black ball of energy blasted towards Chen Ping.
“It’s not that easy to injure me.”Chen Ping crossed his arms in front of his chest as the golden light on his body became even more intense.
“Unbreakable Golden Body!”
Layers of golden scales covered Chen Ping’s entire body, and that black energy ball bombarded the Unbreakable Golden Body, sending out a violent explosion.
“Boom boom boom ……”
Although the Unbreakable Golden Body blocked the energy ball, it was also shaken to the point that some cracks appeared.
“You two, since you dared to take a shot at me, let’s take care of you first.”A hint of killing intent flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes.
His figure flashed as he rushed towards Di Chongjing and Tan Rongkun.
Di Chongjing and Tan Rongkun were shocked in their hearts, they did not expect Chen Ping to dare to take the initiative to attack them while facing the White Bone Giant.
“Quickly dodge!”Di Chongjing shouted as he and Tan Rongkun rushed back towards.
At the same time, they ordered the White Bone Giant to stop Chen Ping.
“Roar!”
The White Bone Giant roared once again as its body began to change.
The already huge body became even bigger, and those white bones also became even thicker.
Seeing this, Chen Ping unexpectedly also put away his Dragon Cutting Sword and clenched his hands into fists.
“I’m going to use my two fists to break apart this white bone monster of yours.”
“Boom!”
The White Bone Giant charged towards Chen Ping, each step it took to land caused the earth to shake violently.
Chen Ping also charged towards the White Bone Giant, although his figure was much smaller compared to the White Bone Giant, the aura emanating from him was not weak at all.
“Bang Bang Bang ……”
The fists and claws of the two clashed together once again, emitting burst after burst of explosive sounds.
Chen Ping’s fists landed on the white bone giant’s body like rain, and the white bone giant was not willing to show any weakness as its claws continuously swung towards Chen Ping.
“Ka ka ka ka ……”
The power of Chen Ping’s fist was just too great, and the sound of some of the white bone giant’s bones starting to break.
“Holy Light Fist!”Chen Ping shouted as all of the spiritual energy in his body converged on top of his right fist and struck hard towards the white bone giant’s chest.
“Boom!”
This punch directly blasted a large hole in the white bone giant’s chest.
“Ow……”
The white bone giant roared in pain as its body began to shake.
“It’s not over yet!”Chen Ping took advantage of the situation, and with a flash of his body, he jumped to the back of the White Bone Giant.
With both hands, he clasped the White Bone Giant’s vertebrae and twisted it with force.
“Ka-ching!”
The white bone giant’s vertebrae was twisted off by Chen Ping, and its huge body collapsed with a loud bang.
While collapsing, Chen Ping’s body was surrounded by gusts of wind blades, which turned the white bones into powder.
In that case, even if Tan Rongkun was more capable, there was no way for this white bone giant to recover even if it could be reborn!
The white bone giant collapsed, but the red spirit stone in its chest was flashing in mid-air!
Tan Rongkun leapt up high, surprisingly opened his mouth and violently inhaled that red spirit stone into his body!
“Second Senior Brother …………”
When Di Chongjing saw this, he was shocked, because only he knew the function of this red spirit stone!
Tan Rongkun’s chest had a red aura, and his entire person was hideous!
“Chen Ping, you destroyed our White Bone Giant, I will make you pay the price ……”
Tan Rongkun raised his palm high and swung it downwards with vigour!
A red light flew out from Tan Rongkun’s palm, and this light grew bigger and bigger, finally enveloping Chen Ping in his entirety!
The terrifying pressure continuously approached towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was expressionless as he slowly raised his right hand!
“I can destroy your White Bone Giant, and I can likewise destroy you ……”
Chen Ping’s fist was wrapped in golden light!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping once again executed the Holy Light Fist, which was the Wind Demon’s best technique, and its power was constantly increasing along with Chen Ping’s strength!