Chen Ping followed the Sun City Lord and after exchanging a few pleasantries, he was ready to set off, he had been delayed quite a bit more in his cultivation, he had to get to the Heavenly Demon Mountain as soon as possible before he could do so!
Chen Ping and the others did not choose to take the airship, after all, this Meteor Sun City was not very far away from the Heavenly Demon Mountain anymore, and there were many cultivators rushing to the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
If they took the blimp, it would be too eye-catching, Chen Ping did not want the eyes of the crowd to focus on them!
After a day and night of rushing, the crowd finally arrived at the Heavenly Demon Mountain region!
Just after stepping into the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the crowd felt a change in the heaven and earth!
Moreover, a huge mountain range that rushed up to the sky was straddling between the heavens and the earth, and it was impossible to see the edge of it at a glance.
The range of the mountain range was extremely wide, and the crowd was as if they were a speck of dust underneath this mountain range, compared to the Red Training Mountain Range that was decomposed in the Central and Southern Regions, this Heavenly Demon Mountain was unknown to be many times larger!
If this Heavenly Demon Mountain also had a taboo against flying, then if one wanted to walk out of this Heavenly Demon Mountain, I’m afraid it would take a very long time!
Fortunately, this Heavenly Demon Mountain did not have a taboo, and cultivators could fly freely through it!
“What a big mountain range, this is the first time I’ve seen such a big mountain range, it’s like a huge giant lying on the ground.”
Cai Qiannan couldn’t help but sigh with emotion as she saw the Heavenly Demon Mountain for the first time!
Chen Ping was also shocked as he looked at the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the magnificence of the Heavenly Demon Mountain was indeed beyond his imagination as well!
In the secular world, Chen Ping had also seen many great mountains, but compared to this Heavenly Demon Mountain, it was nothing compared to this!
Even in the Celestial Realm, Chen Ping had also seen the Chilian Mountain Range, the Green Ox Peak and such huge mountains, but they could not be compared to the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Everyone else had never seen the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and they were all very excited!
After all, stepping into the Heavenly Demon Mountain is the same as having the chance to encounter opportunities and find all kinds of treasures at any time!
Unlike everyone’s excitement, Cai Hongwei was frowning slightly with a grave expression, “Everyone, now that we’ve stepped into the territory of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, we’ll be facing a lot of unknown dangers in the future, so everyone must be vigilant.”
“In addition to demonic beasts here, there are also a lot of demonic cultivators, this Heavenly Demon Mountain is the place with the most demonic cultivators now, and there are also countless cultivators who have come to search for treasures, all of these people are also outlaws, for their own interests, they will do anything.”
“That’s why we must unite, no one can take this lightly, nor can we do things to harm the team for the sake of immediate benefits, otherwise don’t blame us for not being polite.”
Cai Hongwei exhorted the crowd, having reached this place, they had to be united, if they wanted to fight alone, they were afraid that they wouldn’t be able to walk into the Heavenly Demon Mountain at all!
“Boss Cai don’t worry, those of us who have come here are considered to have played for our lives, we are all ready now.”
“Right, if we were only interested in profit, we would have run away in the Chilian Mountain Range, where would we still fight for our lives with those demonic cultivators!”
“This time I have a feeling that with Mr Chen around, we’ll definitely get something!”
Numerous cultivators took a stand!
If they had all fled and left Chen Ping alone when they were in the Chilian Mountain Range, it was estimated that Chen Ping would have fallen into the hands of that Elder Fei!
“Everyone just need to be prepared, there’s no need to be too nervous, I’ve come to this Heavenly Demon Mountain, so I’m quite familiar with it, we kind of have an advantage over a lot of those who’ve never come before.”
“This time the God and Demon Battlefield doesn’t know the exact place yet, so we need everyone to have the patience to slowly look for it, the other thing is to be prepared to stick around in this Heavenly Demon Mountain for a long time.”
Cai Hongwei consoled the crowd, he couldn’t let them collapse in their hearts before they even entered the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
The reminder to remind, the comfort to comfort, this also reflected Cai Hongwei’s ability to be the leader!
After all, he was considered an old man and knew how to lead the crowd!
Cai Hongwei led the crowd to step onto the Heavenly Demon Mountain territory, heading towards the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain!