But Duda didn’t say anything, just followed Ning Zhi after a slight daze and shook his hand.
“Ning Zhi, so has Chen Ping returned to Kyoto, do you know?”
Zhu Zhishan asked Ning Zhi about Chen Ping’s whereabouts!
“Chen Ping is in Kyoto, only that there has been no sign of Chen Ping’s whereabouts in the past few days, I don’t know if he’s hiding!”
Ning Zhi replied.
“Humph, even if he hides to the ends of the earth, I can still find him out ……”
Zhu Zhishan looked at his broken arm, and then said with a sinister face.
After saying that, Zhu Zhishan waved his hand, “I’ll follow Elder Brother Du for a chat, you go out, I’ll call you when something happens ……”
“Okay ……” Ning Zhi nodded and walked out of the hall!
As Ning Zhi walked back in, Zhu Zhishan sat on the main seat and said to Du Da, “Elder brother Du, when you kill Chen Ping, have a good time in Kyoto for a few days, I’ll make sure to treat you well ……”
Du Da, on the other hand, smiled slightly, “Old Brother Zhu, you think you should have a sense of crisis, now you, I’m afraid, are going to become a pariah.”
Zhu Zhishan was slightly stunned, “Elder brother Du, what do you mean by that? Could it be that you can see something?”
“I don’t see anything, I’m just reminding you!” Du Da shook his head, “I need to rest first, you send someone to pry into that Chen Ping’s whereabouts ……”
When Zhu Zhishan saw that Du Da did not say anything, he could only arrange a room for Du Da first, and then ordered someone to go and spy on Chen Ping’s news.
…………
Early the next morning!
Zhu Zhishan was still asleep when he was awakened by a loud bellow!
“Old Zhu Zhishan, I know you’re back in Kyoto, come out quickly and suffer death ……”
Chen Ping stood at the entrance of the Martial Union and shouted loudly in an explosive voice.
This explosive shout instantly caused Zhu Zhishan to scramble to his feet, while that Du Da also hurriedly got up!
“This Chen Ping, he’s simply too deceitful, how dare he come to the door ……”
Zhu Zhishan gritted his teeth and said.
“Don’t be angry, old brother Zhu, just wait until I go out and destroy him ……”
Du Da said with a relaxed face.
Soon, Du Da walked out quickly, while Zhu Zhishan followed closely behind!
Chen Ping saw two people walking out from the Martial Alliance, the one with only one arm left was Zhu Zhishan, and the stout man beside Zhu Zhishan was definitely Du Da!
A ray of divine sense emanated from Chen Ping’s body and directly enveloped towards that Du Da.
A cold aura flashed in Du Da’s eyes, “Humph, carved insects and small skills ……”
With a cold snort, a golden light flashed in Du Da’s eyes, instantly cutting off Chen Ping’s divine sense!
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly, “And a real immortal cultivator …………”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with greed and desire as he looked at Duda, he could not wait to cut Duda open and take out his YuanYing!
“You are that Chen Ping?”
Du Da looked at Chen Ping in front of him and asked in a cold voice.
“Not bad, I am your grandfather Chen Ping, what are you again?”
Chen Ping asked, pretending not to know even though he knew about Du Da, deliberately provoking him.
Sure enough, Du Da was instantly enraged by Chen Ping’s words.
“Good you unknowing yellow mouth, today I will take your dragon crystal and dig out your YuanYing ……”
A strong aura instantly erupted from Du Da’s body.
This aura was obviously stronger than Zhu Zhishan’s, and it carried strong fluctuations of spiritual energy!
Chen Ping looked at that Du Da coldly, not expecting that Du Da had come to kill himself, but he was also running towards the YuanYing inside him.
It seemed that both of them now had a common goal, that is, to take each other’s original baby!
Just as Du Da was about to make his move, he was stopped by Zhu Zhishan with a hand.
“Elder brother Du, don’t make your move here again, or you will disturb the officials.”
After Zhu Zhishan stopped Du Da, he then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, do you have the guts to go to the outskirts for a battle?”