Now that the other side had seven Great Martial Marquises holding two Martial Saint Weapons, how could Chen Ping have any chance of winning?
Chen Ping really couldn’t understand, this Martial Alliance was simply rich and powerful, how come there were as many Martial Saint Weapons in their hands as rags?
“Now do you still think you can save your girlfriend with this strength?”
Mr Shi asked.
Chen Ping didn’t say a word, because he knew that with his strength, he really couldn’t save Su Yuqi!
With a downcast face, Chen Ping sat back down anew!
That fighting spirit and aura in his body had instantly disappeared!
Looking at Chen Ping, Mr. Shi smiled and slowly spoke, “But you don’t need to be discouraged, what you have, no one else actually has!”
As Mr. Shi said that, a faint red glow emanated from his palm, and then he beckoned towards Chen Ping!
The Dragon Cutting Sword inside Chen Ping instantly came out of his body!
Chen Ping was astonished, knowing that he and the Dragon Cutting Sword had long been united, and that only when his mind moved could he sacrifice the Dragon Cutting Sword!
But at this moment, Chen Ping did not have the thought to sacrifice the Dragon Cutting Sword, but found that the Dragon Cutting Sword had already arrived in Mr. Shi’s hand!
The Dragon Cutting Sword emitted a loud humming sound in Mr Shi.
A terrifying sword qi emanated from the body of the Dragon Cutting Sword, and a brilliant golden light kept flashing!
Feeling the terrifying aura on the body of the Dragon Cutting Sword, Chen Ping was stunned!
He had never thought that the Dragon Cutting Sword would be so powerful!
“A Martial Saint weapon is not even as good as rubbish in front of this sword, it’s just a pity that you only focus on your own strength enhancement but forget about it ……”
“Remember, he is a part of your body, and a weapon is also a kind of strength, don’t treat it poorly ……”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, he released the Dragon Chopper Sword and it instantly returned to Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping thought carefully about Mr. Shi’s words, and a trace of shame actually showed on his face!
He had always envied others for having Martial Saint Weapons and wanted to get them, but had forgotten about his own Dragon Chopper Sword!
To know that what he was holding was a spirit sword, a spirit sword that had already given birth to a sword spirit!
Chen Ping had never thought about improving the strength of the sword spirit of the Dragon Cutting Sword, but he had never thought about improving the strength of the sword spirit of the Dragon Cutting Sword!
If he only relied on one battle to improve the strength of the Sword Spirit, the speed was simply too slow!
But soon, Chen Ping realised a problem, he simply did not know how to raise the strength of the Zhan Long Sword!
He himself could devour beast pills, all kinds of spiritual medicines, or even devour other people’s strength!
But how was this Dragon Chopper Sword going to raise its strength?
It couldn’t also let it suck up beast pills, right?
It was obvious that the Dragon Cutting Sword didn’t have the ability to suck up beast pills yet!
“Mr. Shi, may I take the liberty of asking how I can raise the strength of this Dragon Cutting Sword?”
Chen Ping asked to Mr. Shi.
“Win a game against me, and I will tell you ……”
Mr. Shi said with a faint smile.
Chen Ping took a deep breath, and then nodded his head.
Chen Ping tried hard to calm his mind down, leaving behind his distracting thoughts, and began to follow Mr. Shi’s chess game in earnest.
But after playing several games in a row, Chen Ping was still unable to win against Mr. Shi, and this time Chen Ping became anxious again!
Looking at Chen Ping’s anxious look, Mr. Shi said, “The game of chess is like life, what we play is not chess, but life, and in life there are all sorts of things, you need to see the game clearly ……”
Hearing Mr. Shi’s words, Chen Ping looked carefully at the chessboard in front of him, and suddenly the chessboard seemed to change before his own eyes.
It turned into a spell formation, and the chess pieces became the key eyes of the formation to break the spell!
In this instant, Chen Ping seemed to understand what Mr. Shi meant!
A rune flashed through Chen Ping’s mind, and each rune represented a small spell formation!
With the inheritance of the Heavenly Rune Sect, Chen Ping ended up narrowly beating Mr. Shi by one move!
When a game was played, Chen Ping surprisingly found that his inherited runic arts had improved greatly!
Some of the runic arts that he had not understood were now surprisingly clear to him ……