Dozens of miles away, Ning Zhi had already collapsed on the ground, exhausted!
At this moment, Ning Zhi’s body was in pain and his bones were all broken, and he was able to escape to this place thanks to the help of the Qiankun Circle.
But at this moment, the Qiankun Circle was nowhere to be seen, and he knew that it must have been snatched away by Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, if I don’t kill you, I swear I won’t be a human being …………”
Ning Zhi hissed loudly.
“It’s no use just screaming, improve yourself first ……”
In his head, the old voice said disdainfully.
“I …… but how can I upgrade my strength, I have no more resources at all ……”
Ning Zhi also wanted to improve, but without resources, how could he improve his strength?
“Rubbish, didn’t I say to draw on other people’s kung fu and essence?”
The old voice reminded Ning Zhi with dissatisfaction.
Ning Zhi’s eyes flashed with light as he finally gritted his teeth, “Fine, listen to everything you say ……”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, his body was instantly wrapped in a strand of black mist, and all of those shattered bones were reattached.
At that very moment, a martial arts clan happened to pa*s by, and Ning Zhi rushed up with a hungry tiger pounce.
A moment later, Ning Zhi’s eyes were scarlet and he stood up with a satisfied look on his face.
However, at this moment, half of Ning Zhi’s face had already festered, and his face was full of blood and flesh, which was very frightening.
Noticing the change in himself, Ning Zhi was surprised.
“Don’t worry about it, it’s a side effect, but soon your flesh will grow back, from now on, you’ll just hunt for other people’s power.”
The old voice, satisfied, said.
Ning Zhi didn’t say anything, but found a black coat to put on, and his head was covered by a black scarf!
Since then there had been one more evil cultivator in the martial arts world who sucked up other people’s gong power.
…………
Kyoto, Martial Arts Union!
Zhu Zhishan’s face was ugly, and this time he was not sitting on the main seat, but on the side!
There was no one at the main sitting, but there were voices coming out from the direction of the main sitting.
Sitting on either side of the hall were the top bra*s of the Martial Alliance, each one very fresh-faced, but each one at the Martial Marquis realm!
It could be seen that these people did not have Zhu Zhishan, the Alliance Master, in their eyes, and Zhu Zhishan treated these people with respect!
“Zhu Zhishan, you are the Alliance Master of the Martial Dao Alliance, yet you were trespa*sed by a brat who trespa*sed on the forbidden territory of the Alliance and killed several people, do you know your crime?”
A voice seemed to come from the sky and from the back of the main seating area.
The mere sound of this voice sent shivers down one’s spine!
Zhu Zhishan’s body trembled, cold sweat dripping, and he fell to his knees with a poof.
“I deserve to die, please have mercy on the great power ……”
Zhu Zhishan trembled and was terrified!
An alliance master of the Martial Dao Alliance, a Martial Marquis expert, was actually frightened like this at this moment.
If people saw it, it would be a big joke in the sky.
“Are you sure you can kill that Chen Ping? This son must not be left ……”
The one who was called a great power spoke up and asked.
“Yes, I will definitely be able to kill Chen Ping, please don’t worry Great Mighty ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with conviction, but the words changed and said, “Just, just that there is Mr. Shi ……”
“Humph ……”
A cold snort rang out, and Zhu Zhishan’s body seemed to be instantly hit heavily by a huge force.
Immediately afterwards, his body flew backwards and fell hard to the ground.
Zhu Zhishan was so shocked that he did not dare to hesitate in the slightest and immediately crawled back within the hall.
Everyone was on pins and needles, they had never seen the face of this great power before, but with a cold snort, this great power had left a Martial Marquis defenceless, so it was clear how strong this great power was!
“Don’t worry, I will kill that Chen Ping. ……”
Zhu Zhishan promised with conviction.
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, the atmosphere inside the entire hall suddenly relaxed, and everyone breathed a sigh of relief, proving that the great power had left.