“What are you trying to do?” Su Yuqi hurriedly stepped forward to block Su Wenzong, but by now Chen Ping had already withdrawn his hand.
However, Su Wenzong immediately felt his breathing flowing smoothly and his face was much rosier after Chen Ping had struck a few acupuncture points.
“I have only temporarily controlled your injuries, it will take some time for them to heal, your hidden illness needs to be adjusted slowly because of its age!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Thank you little brother for saving me, thank you so much ……” Su Wenzong went forward and excitedly grabbed Chen Ping’s hand and kept thanking him.
Su Yuqi was also surprised to see that his father’s face was visibly rosy and his health was much better.
“I stepped in to save you because I know that you often do good deeds and have donated to a dozen primary schools, so I should do so for reasons of reason!”
The reason why Chen Ping saved Su Wenzong was because he knew that Su Wenzong was a great benefactor, if it was someone he met in person and knew nothing about, Chen Ping would not necessarily have stepped in to save him, not to mention the fact that just now Su Yuqi had badmouthed him and almost ran him over, Chen Ping was not a saintly b*tch who would save anyone!
Su Wenzong was slightly embarra*sed when he heard that, “This little thing I did, it’s not a good deed, it’s not even close, little brother saved my life, just say what you want, it’s almost noon now, how about I treat little brother to a meal at Regal Hotel?”
“No need, I still have some things to take care of!”
Chen Ping shook his head and refused, he still had to go see Geng Shanshan to ask for clarification.
Seeing Chen Ping’s refusal, Su Wenzong was still a little surprised, knowing that as the richest man in Hongcheng, there were countless people who wanted to invite him to dinner, and those who could sit with him for dinner were all powerful and noble people.
Now that he had taken the initiative to invite Chen Ping to dinner, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to refuse, which was somewhat unexpected!
“Little brother, say what we have to sit and have a meal together to show my gratitude!”
Su Wenzong pulled Chen Ping’s arm with a deadly grip.
Chen Ping could tell that Su Wenzong was desperately trying to invite himself to dinner, just because he wanted to know about the follow-up treatment for his illness, but seeing that Su Wenzong was kind of sincere, Chen Ping nodded and said, “In that case, I’ll go take care of things first, and I’ll look for you at the Regal Hotel then!”
Seeing Chen Ping say this, Su Wenzong then let go of his hand, “Alright then, it’s a deal, when little brother arrives, just call me!”
Chen Ping nodded and couldn’t wait to leave, heading for the Geng family!
………………
“Where’s Geng Shanshan? I want to see her!”
In front of a slightly outdated villa, Chen Ping said to the middle-aged woman in front of him!
This middle-aged woman was Geng Shanshan’s mother Jia Mei, if it was before, Chen Ping would have never dared to follow Jia Mei with such a tone of voice, but now after listening to his own mother’s complaint, Chen Ping had long been so angry that it was good that he didn’t make a direct move.
Jia Meiyi, dressed in a cheongsam, stood tall, crossed her arms in front of her chest and looked at Chen Ping with a disdainful face: “You quickly get out of here, my daughter is getting married today, it’s too bad luck for you, a reformed prisoner of labor, to be here ……”
“Marriage?”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed, it seemed that the bald man was telling the truth!
“Where is Geng Shanshan? Who is she married to? Let her come out to see me and tell me clearly ……”
Chen Ping grimaced coldly and rushed towards the villa!
“Hey …… you crazy person, how can you just barge into someone’s yard?”
Jia Mei desperately pulled at Chen Ping!
But how could she be stronger than Chen Ping, her entire body was dragged into the courtyard by Chen Ping!
As Chen Ping was about to rush in, a girl in a wedding dress came out with a gloomy face!
Upon seeing the girl, Chen Ping stopped for a moment.
“Geng Shanshan, what the hell is going on here? What’s going on? Tell me clearly?”
Chen Ping waited angrily with his eyes and questioned Geng Shanshan!
“Chen Ping, go away, don’t come looking for me, I’ve decided to marry Xiao Lei!”
Geng Shanshan said as she looked at Chen Ping expressionlessly!
Chen Ping’s eyes gaped and he clenched his fists tightly, although he already knew, but when Geng Shanshan said it herself, Chen Ping’s heart still twitched hard.
He had been sent to jail by that Xiao Lei, but now his girlfriend was going to marry him?
This was too ironic!
Suddenly, Chen Ping gave a bitter laugh to himself, he felt that he was really too cheap ……
“Is this your own intention?”
Chen Ping looked at Geng Shanshan, his face was no longer angry, his hands slowly loosened.
“Yes!” Geng Shanshan nodded, “I want to have had the life of a rich man, and you simply can’t give me that.”
“And you’re still a reformed prisoner, even if you get out, I’m afraid you can hardly even support yourself, what can you do to support me?”
“For the sake of our previous relationship, take these few hundred dollars, save yourself from sleeping in the street!”
After Geng Shanshan finished speaking, she took out a few hundred yuan bills from her bag and slammed them in Chen Ping’s face!
At this moment, Chen Ping looked at Geng Shanshan and was completely dead, the person in front of him was no longer his girlfriend.
“You’ll regret it!”
Chen Ping turned around and left after he finished speaking, and did not take Geng Shanshan’s money.
“Bah, you’ll regret it only if you marry a poor man like you!”
Jia Mei Mei spat fiercely from behind!