It only took less than an incense stick of time for the elders of the old sect master’s lineage, and the disciples to be gathered.
Zhu Ling, who hadn’t appeared for a long time, also came to Elder Yu’s residence!
Seeing Zhu Ling, many disciples were all excited!
“Eldest Miss, that Huo Yuanting has found the Two Yi Sect’s formation masters and is preparing to forcefully start the Divine Volcano and get the Divine Flame Seal, we absolutely cannot let him succeed.”
“If he gets the Divine Flame Seal, he will definitely be detrimental to Missy and the old Sect Master.”
Elder Yu said to Zhu Ling!
At this time, Zhu Ling’s words were much more cohesive than Elder Yu’s.
These people were all from the old Sect Master’s lineage, so they would listen to Zhu Ling’s words even more.
“Then when did Huo Yuanting start cracking the array discs and forcefully opening the Divine Volcano?”
Zhu Ling asked!
“Senior sister, it was today, I saw it with my own eyes.”
Wei Qing hurriedly said!
“Today!” Zhu Ling frowned slightly, then looked around, so she turned to Elder Yu and asked, “Elder Yu, what about Senior Brother Cheng Ping?”
“Eldest Miss, he was running around privately and triggered the formation, he was punished by Huo Yuan Ting by going to the Thoughtfulness Cliff and had to face the wall for three days.”
Elder Yu said!
Zhu Ling knew that this was Chen Ping suffering for himself!
“That formation disc, the people from the Two Yi Sect . About how long will it take to crack and open it?”
Zhu Ling continued to ask!
“This …………” Elder Yu hesitated!
He didn’t know, after all, he wasn’t a formation master, so where would he know.
Everyone else was also silent, not knowing how to answer Zhu Ling’s words!
“Senior sister, I reckon Elder Cui can know, we can ask him.”
Wei Qing spoke up at this moment.
“Good, then go and invite Elder Cui here.” Zhu Ling said.
Wei Qing nodded and immediately went to invite Elder Cui.
Elder Cui was a neutral faction after all, so he wasn’t called out just now.
Soon, Elder Cui was called by Wei Qing.
Seeing that everyone from the old sect master’s lineage was there, and that Zhu Ling had also shown up, Elder Cui looked a little surprised.
“Eldest Miss, what is it that you are looking for me for?”
Elder Cui asked to Zhu Ling.
“Elder Cui, if the people from the Two Yi Sect were to forcefully crack the array disc and open the Divine Volcano, how long would it take?”
Zhu Ling asked to Elder Cui.
“What? Could it be that someone wants to forcefully open the Divine Volcano?”
Elder Cui frowned and said.
“Not bad, that Huo Yuanting has invited the Two Yi Sect’s formation masters to forcefully open the divine volcano.”
Zhu Ling nodded and said!
“This Huo Yuanting, his guts are too big.” Elder Cui had a look of anger on his face, but then said, “If an elder from the Two Yi Sect came, it would take about four to five days to crack the array discs and open the divine volcano.”
“But I can add some hindrances to him, that way it will take even longer, if the only ones invited are ordinary disciples of the Two Yi Sect, then this formation disc will never be cracked by them.”
“Four to five days ……,” Zhu Ling pondered!
“Eldest Miss, there’s no time to lose, let’s rush over and stop that Huo Yuanting, once the Divine Volcano opens, we won’t be able to stop him.”
Elder Yu anxiously said to Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling said after a moment of contemplation, “There’s no need to rush first, let’s wait until Senior Brother Cheng Ping’s contemplation is over, didn’t Elder Cui say that even if it’s an Elder of the Two Yi Sect, it will take four or five days before the Divine Volcano can be opened.”
“Besides, Elder Cui will also increase the obstacles, maybe they won’t be able to open the Divine Volcano at all.”
The reason why Zhu Ling wanted to wait for Chen Ping and not allow Elder Yu and the others to follow Huo Yuanting into conflict was also to wait for the old Sect Master to come out!
Zhu Ling knew that her father’s demonic soul had been dispelled, and that he only needed to restore his divine sense before he could come out of the mountain and take charge of the Purple Flame Sect once again!
As long as that Huo Yuan Ting couldn’t get the Divine Flame Seal during this period, it would be fine!
Maybe four or five days later, the old Sect Master would have recovered and left the mountain, and even if the Divine Flame Volcano opened, it would be useless!