A faint golden light emanated from Chen Ping’s body, resisting the oppression of Nie Cheng’s aura!
The aura on Nie Cheng’s body grew more and more frenzied, while the golden light on Chen Ping’s body grew more and more dazzling!
The two resisted in this way, no one moved, and no one retreated!
The two auras kept colliding with each other.
Nie Cheng frowned slightly, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to look lower in strength than himself, but in this trial fight, Chen Ping had not fallen into a disadvantage!
At this moment, Nie Cheng had already exerted his aura to the utmost, but Chen Ping was still motionless.
The black-robed men around him took a few steps back, not wanting to waste their strength resisting the pressure!
At this time, no one had noticed that the aura inside the entire hall had already wreaked havoc to the extreme, the two auras intertwined, and the terrifying pressure had long since turned the tables, chairs and benches into powder!
But the Blood Devil, who had been standing behind Chen Ping, had not changed a bit, his body was motionless, his face expressionless!
Boom …………
Finally, both Nie Cheng and Chen Ping took a step backwards at the same time, and the aura on their bodies instantly dissipated! First published at https://m.lqzw.org
In this confrontation, the two men were half and half, neither of them taking advantage!
“Chen Ping, this is all you have, and you dare to barge into my Martial Alliance alone, you are really ignorant and fearless.”
“No need for others, I can easily take your life with a vajra in my hand!”
Nie Cheng said as he looked at Chen Ping with disdain.
“Is that so? I’m standing right here, if you want my life, you can come and take it anytime you like ……”
Chen Ping spread his hands with a look of indifference!
Nie Cheng saw such an indifferent look of Chen Ping, for a moment he really did not dare to make a move, he did not know if this Chen Ping had kept any backhand.
“What? You don’t dare to make a move? Since you don’t dare to do it, let my girlfriend out, if you force me to do it, the Martial Alliance will cease to exist!”
Chen Ping sneered when he saw that look on Nie Cheng’s face.
“Hmph, to kill you, why would I need to do it ……”
Nie Cheng snorted coldly as his body stepped backwards, “You guys killed him ……”
Nie Cheng didn’t make a move, but told several of the other black and silver robes to do so!
Seven Black Silver Robes of the Great Martial Marquis were more than enough to deal with Chen Ping!
With a single move, one of them would be able to blast Chen Ping into slag.
When Nie Cheng gave the word, the seven Black Silver Robes could not ignore it, so they all took a step forward and surrounded Chen Ping in an instant!
The aura emanating from the seven Black Silver Robes caused the entire Martial Alliance to tremble!
Chen Ping looked coldly at the seven men, a cold aura erupting from his eyes!
“Kill them all, leave no one behind ……”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice.
Nie Cheng froze and hurriedly looked outside, finding that there was no one outside at all, so to whom were Chen Ping’s words directed?
Could it be the guy behind him with a dull face?
Nie Cheng had scouted the first time, the Blood Devil had no breath on him, just like a dead man!
How much strength could this kind of person still have?
The Blood Demon got Chen Ping’s order and stepped forward directly in front of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had a cold smile on his face as his body retreated directly back to where the wall was!
The seven black and silver robes faced the Blood Demon, all of them looked at each other in disbelief, not knowing what to do for a while.
A guy with a dull face stood out, with no breath on him, and they didn’t know whether they should strike or not!
“Kill this fool along with him.”
Nie Cheng said.
A black and silver robe nodded, and then slammed a fist towards the Blood Demon!
With this punch, the black silver robe didn’t use all his strength, after all, against such a breathless person, only 10% of his strength was needed to beat the person to a pulp!
Chen Ping laughed when he saw that the black and silver robe had taken the Blood Demon so lightly, and watched the good show from the sidelines!
It would have been much better if he had a melon at this point!
That black and silver robe reached the Blood Demon with a punch, and then struck the Blood Demon in the chest!