Seeing Gu Ling’er turn around, Su Yuqi suddenly broke away from Chen Ping’s arms, then pulled Gu Ling’er over as soon as she could, and then pushed her into Chen Ping’s arms.
“Ling’er, let’s both be together and feel the warm embrace of Chen Ping ……”
Su Yuqi grabbed Gu Ling’er’s arm and both of them all embraced into Chen Ping’s arms.
Gu Ling’er struggled a little at first, but when Chen Ping’s arms gently wrapped around her, Gu Ling’er stopped moving and instead obediently rested her head on Chen Ping’s shoulder, enjoying the warmth emanating from Chen Ping’s chest.
Chen Ping didn’t know what he was thinking at this moment, but he actually felt like a winner in life at this moment.
Isn’t that what embracing the right and left is all about?
Crunch …………
Suddenly, the door to Chen Ping’s room was pushed open and Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi hurriedly broke free from Chen Ping’s arms.
Chen Ping was also a little embarra*sed as he straightened his clothes, and when he saw that it was Anna who came in, Chen Ping asked somewhat strangely, “Princess Anna, it’s so late, do you have something to do?”
Anna looked at Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er in the room, and then smiled wryly at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, I didn’t expect you to be a flirtatious gentleman as well, embracing the right and left, are these two your girlfriends?”
Anna’s words caused Chen Ping a dilemma, he had just hugged Gu Ling’er, if he said straight away that Su Yuqi was his girlfriend at this moment, then what was Gu Ling’er?
“Not bad, both of us are his girlfriend ……”
Su Yuqi could see Chen Ping’s dilemma, so she took Gu Ling’er’s hand and said to Anna.
Anna smiled, “Chen Ping, you are really blessed, to have two such beautiful girlfriends at the same time.”
How Anna’s words sounded had a jealous flavour, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were both women, how could they not hear it, so both of them looked at Chen Ping at the same time.
“Princess Anna, are you coming to my room at this late hour for something? If there’s nothing, I’m going to rest.”
Chen Ping’s heart was beating wildly, he was really afraid that this Anna would say something nonsensical here, after all, these foreign chicks could be very open.
“What are you nervous about? I only came over to say goodbye to you, we’re going back to Bear Country early tomorrow morning, if you have the chance to go to Bear Country, make sure you contact me, I’ll show you the scenery of our country.” Anna finished and looked at Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, “The two ladies are also really lucky to have such an excellent boyfriend like Chen Ping.”
After Anna finished speaking, she turned around and left.
But both Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were all staring at Chen Ping closely.
“You haven’t seen her for a month or so, you’ve even hooked up with a foreign girl?”
Su Yuqi stepped forward and picked up Chen Ping’s ears directly.
“No, I’m innocent, I’m innocent, I’ve only just met that Anna, she’s the one who keeps looking for me, I’ve never taken the initiative to talk to her.”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained.
“I guess I don’t believe it, the way that foreign girl looked at you just now was not right, you two must have something, tell me the truth.” Su Yuqi didn’t believe it at all, and then followed Gu Ling’er, “Ling’er, come over and teach him a lesson with me, now we’re the same person.”
Upon hearing this, Gu Ling’er also hurriedly went forward and picked up Chen Ping’s other ear.
In this way, Chen Ping was interrogated by the two women by the ear.
Soon, the sounds of playfulness and joking came from inside Chen Ping’s room, and at this moment in time, it was as if Chen Ping was at his most relaxed.
“Why don’t you two sleep here tonight?”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er whose faces were flushed.
“You’re thinking big, you haven’t even had a wedding yet, and you want us to sleep with you?”
Su Yuqi gave Chen Ping a blank look, pulled Gu Ling’er and walked outside.
Watching Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi leave, Chen Ping sat down on the bed with a sigh.
“When I save my mother, I will hold a wedding with you guys ……”
Chen Ping muttered ……