“Kid, I’ve changed my mind now, I’m not asking for your physical body, I’m going to swallow your dragon crystal, devour your divine soul and absorb all your strength ……”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s voice pounced like a tsunami, and it carried a huge attack of divine sense within it.
The Toyotomi Hideyoshi who had regained his original body actually spoke with a huge attack!
This kind of divine sense attack did not have the slightest effect on ordinary people, but for those who cultivated, it was fatal.
One by one, Hu Ma Zi and the others could see their hands covering their ears with deadly painful expressions!
“We both have the same idea, I also want to devour your strength ……”
Chen Ping held his hands backwards with a bemused expression, caught in this divine sense attack was not of the slightest use to Chen Ping!
Only to see the golden dragon behind Chen Ping’s eyes explode with a golden light, followed by a dragon roar!
Chen Ping’s divine sense instantly emerged from his body, following Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s divine sense and colliding fiercely with it!
With a dragon’s roar, Hu Ma Zi and the others were instantly relieved!
Boom …………
The two huge divine senses collided together, followed by a violent explosion, and two sound waves visible to the naked eye spread out in all directions!
Where the sound waves pa*sed by, it was as if the world was ending, the entire building on top of the mountain had turned into nothingness at this moment.
Fortunately, this divine sense could not attack ordinary people, otherwise these believers would have become corpses by now!
Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s brow furrowed slightly, and the top of his ugly head actually glowed red, as red as blood!
Soon, in the eyes of the crowd, a wave of blood-red swept towards Chen Ping, followed by the blood-red colour transforming into an augur dragon, trailing its long tail and emitting a dragon roar!
But this dragon was covered in blood-red scales and had an ugly appearance, making it very fierce!
“It’s just as well that the person is ugly, but I didn’t expect that the creature conjured up by the divine thoughts was also so unpleasant to look at, so it seems that there is still a lot of truth to the fact that looks are born from the heart.”
Chen Ping looked at the fierce and hideous Jiao Long and said with a cold smile.
“Kid, although you are the true body of a golden dragon, you are still too weak, and when you see my strength, you will not be talking so calmly.”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi grimaced coldly, while the blood-red augur kept flapping its teeth and claws at Chen Ping!
“Weak?” Chen Ping laughed coldly!
Immediately afterwards, the golden dragon behind Chen Ping fiercely emitted ten thousand feet of golden light, illuminating the entire mountain top with such a golden glow that even the sun in the sky was compared to it!
“Roar …………”
The golden dragon let out a dragon roar, its whiskers trembled and it was so powerful that just the majestic aura emanating from the golden dragon alone was not comparable to that of Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s augur dragon.
Looking at the golden dragon above Chen Ping’s head, the muscles in the corners of Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s eyes twitched slightly, and a chill rose in his heart!
At the same time, the blood-red dragon took several steps back and lost the arrogance it had just displayed!
The two dragons were both made of divine thoughts, but they were far different from each other!
Just as a chill rose in Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s heart, Chen Ping found the right moment, and with a roar, the golden dragon charged towards the blood-red dragon!
Seeing this, the dragon twisted its body and waved its claws as if to resist!
Unfortunately, the huge body of the Golden Dragon swallowed the dragon with its mouth open in an instant!
There was no struggle, no fight, in just a few seconds, the confrontation between the two divine senses was over!
The golden dragon circled around in a victorious stance, and then slowly disappeared.
“You …… can’t believe you have such powerful spiritual power? How could this happen?”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi was in some disbelief, he thought that Chen Ping’s illusionary golden dragon was just looking bluff, Chen Ping, a young man in his early twenties, although he was not weak, there was no way he could even have such strong and condensed spiritual power!