The four villains looked at the direction in which Chen Ping had disappeared and all looked at each other, not knowing whether they should follow Chen Ping or go and stop Long Wu.
“Big brother, what should we do?”
Ding Bu’er asked.
They were afraid that if Chen Ping went to the Long family alone, it would be troublesome if there was any danger.
But if they went along and Long Wu appeared to be in danger, Chen Ping would definitely not be able to spare them either.
“Go, go back and stop Mr. Long Wu first ……”
When Ding Da finished speaking, his figure also quickly disappeared into the darkness.
…………
Long Family, Long Jingguo had taken Long Xiao to meet Long Wu, and there were only a few senior members of the Long Family sitting at this moment!
Because of the frequent killings by the black-robed people during this period of time, the Long Family’s defenses were very tight.
The two guards at the entrance had all been replaced with Martial Zongs, and within the courtyard, there were even more than ten Martial Marquis standing at attention!
Apart from some of these Martial Marquises being trained by the Long Family, there were also some of them who were guest ministers that Long Jingguo had hired at great expense during this period of time!
“Which godless black-robed man do you think is not coming to our place?”
One of the guards at the gates of the Long Family asked, somewhat fearfully, to another companion.
“Definitely not, don’t worry about it, haven’t you noticed that those clans and families that have been exterminated are not very powerful, our Dragon Family is one of the top ones in Kyoto, he wouldn’t dare to come to ……”
Another companion said comfortingly.
“That’s good, my eyelids are always jumping these two days, plus the family head and young master have both left, my heart is panicking ……”
The scared guard whispered.
“Panic my a*s! There are more than ten Martial Marquis sitting inside the courtyard now, even if that black-robed man comes, he will definitely not survive. I have been in the Dragon Family for more than 20 years, but I have never seen such a battle. Don’t worry about it ……”
The companion patted the shoulder of the scared guard.
But just as the words fell, a long figure under the streetlight was reflected in front of the two.
The two guards looked tight, and the next thing they saw was a man in a black robe with a hood that made it impossible to see his face, walking step by step towards the Long family.
“The black-robed man …………”
Seeing this, the frightened guard turned pale with fear and turned his head to run towards the courtyard.
But just as he turned around, he felt a huge suction force that instantly turned his entire body towards the black-robed man.
Poof …………
A sharp sword pierced through that guard’s body, and before he could let out a scream, the guard went to meet the King of Hell.
And when the other guard saw this, he fell to his knees with a poof!
Don’t look just now as if he had no fear, but when he really saw Chen Ping coming, he P*ssed himself in fear!
Chen Ping glanced at the guard, but did not kill him, but stepped towards the courtyard.
Chen Ping had just walked into the courtyard when a dozen terrifying auras came from all directions, immediately surrounding Chen Ping.
These dozen people, all of them at the Martial Marquis realm, had a rising aura on their bodies.
Although there were a dozen of them, the nervous breathing of these dozen men could still be heard when they faced Chen Ping!
During this period of time, Chen Ping’s reputation was out there, and his ruthlessness had made many people start to be afraid!
At this moment, in a corner, Long Xingxu secretly observed Chen Ping, although he could not see Chen Ping’s appearance, Long Xingxu still felt a sense of déjà vu with the person in front of him.
“Daring madman, intruding into my Dragon Family late at night, D*mn you ……”
At this moment, a senior member of the Long Family stood out and shouted a rebuke at Chen Ping.
And as Chen Ping looked at this senior member of the Dragon Family in front of him, looking at everything in the Dragon Family, the anger in his heart had long since reached its peak!
He knew that his own mother should be somewhere in the Dragon Family at this moment!
Swish …………
Chen Ping didn’t say a word as the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand burst out with a light that was like a meteor cutting through the night sky.
It was also like a lightning bolt that flashed by!