“These are all resentful souls whose strength has been absorbed by you, now you listen to me and make your move ……”
The old voice urged Long Xiao to make a move on Chen Ping!
Long Xiao let out a furious cry, followed by his body flashing and shifting towards Chen Ping!
Long Xiao moved, while those black shadows also moved at the same time.
Long Xiao’s entire body was blended in the black shadows, surprisingly, he was completely invisible.
His aura continued to climb, and each black shadow added an extra strength to Long Xiao’s attack!
Soon, a vast force erupted as countless black shadows overlapped together, finally converging on Long Xiao’s body!
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao’s attack in silence!
His face was completely expressionless as he just stood there quietly.
Only after Long Xiao had reached his body did Chen Ping clench his fist, and with a flash of golden light, he smashed his fist out!
Chen Ping knew that in the face of absolute power, all flashy tricks were illusory!
With one smashing fist, a golden light appeared, and a force that swallowed mountains and rivers instantly submerged the entire martial arts arena!
Even the mountain range not far away, at this moment, was constantly shaking under this tremendous power, constantly making sounds!
Long Xiao’s brow furrowed as he sensed a danger approaching!
There was fear in Long Xiao’s heart, a fear that made him no longer able to exert that domineering aura!
Long Xiao was just afraid of being beaten by Chen Ping ……
“Rubbish …………”
The old voice snorted coldly in disdain, he could feel the fear Long Xiao had generated from his heart!
Along with a furious cry from the spirit, those black shadows that had originally converged all over Long Xiao, surprisingly reappeared and surrounded Chen Ping!
Only then did Long Xiao realise that the real attacker was not himself, he was just a decoy!
Chen Ping’s fist hit Long Xiao’s body so hard that his body instantly cracked and blood shot out!
But at the same time, Chen Ping was also enveloped by those countless black shadows, like a million ghosts devouring his heart, trying to swallow him up!
Long Xiao fell to the ground, his heart filled with rage, and it was very difficult to stand up!
But seeing Chen Ping trapped, Long Xiao’s anger subsided quite a bit!
Long Xiao had never thought that he would be betrayed by the soul inside him for a handful of times!
“You don’t need to be angry, all that you have now is from me, if I can give it to you, I can give it to others as well, go and kill that Chen Ping now ……”
The old voice said slowly.
Long Xiao got up and swept his gaze around, the crowd felt Long Xiao’s gaze and lowered their heads one after another!
Finally, Long Xiao’s gaze landed on the hurried Dragon Family experts!
“A few of you come over here ……”
Long Xiao ordered to a few people.
Several of the Dragon Family experts cautiously walked over.
“Young master, what are your orders?”
A few Dragon Family experts asked.
“Lend your strength for a while ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, several black rays of light instantly shot out from his palm and instantly struck the bodies of several Dragon Family experts!
Immediately afterwards, using the black rays as a guide, the strong qi on the bodies of several Dragon Family experts, was continuously surging towards Long Xiao’s body!
Several Dragon Family experts struggled, but to no avail!
In a short span of ten seconds or so, several Dragon Family experts had become dry corpses!
Long Xiao also felt a feeling of relief and drenching that he had never felt before!
“This time, let’s truly fuse ……”
The old voice slowly rang out, and immediately afterwards Long Xiao felt the aura within his body climbing!
Slowly behind Long Xiao, an immense black shadow appeared!
The black shadow was seen holding a duster, hanging behind Long Xiao, and the crowd looked at the scene in front of them in surprise.
It was the first time they had seen what a spirit looked like.
Long Xiao did not notice the change behind him, but slapped out with a fierce slap, a heavenly palm instantly appeared in mid-air, and a terrifying aura rolled out!