“Anyway, this is the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, and there are no more rules to speak of, so let’s team up and kill him, lest he snatch things from us.”
Liu Xueyi’s words caused then demonic cultivator to instantly get excited!
Just now, he only had no choice but to hand over his things to save his life, now that he had help, he was certainly no longer afraid of Chen Ping.
“Good, let’s do it together and kill this human cultivator.”
The demonic cultivator nodded!
Liu Xueyi looked at Chen Ping excitedly, his eyes filled with a cold smile “Kid, aren’t you crazy? I know you are very strong, but when you meet the few of us, you will only have to suffer death.”
“Dare to follow me against me, I will let you know the consequences.”
Chen Ping looked at Liu Xueyi with a bit of gravity in his eyes, he was facing five demonic cultivators, it was difficult to win!
However, it was unlikely that one would want to escape in one piece now!
If at this time, Chen Ping had a few helpers by his side, there could still be some hope of winning!
Seeing Chen Ping’s ugly face, Liu Xueyi’s smile grew even wider, he was enjoying this hunting feeling!
At this moment, Chen Ping had become his prey, there was no way to escape!
The more this happened, the less Liu Xueyi was in a hurry to kill Chen Ping!
The Demon Drawing Whip in Chen Ping’s hand buzzed and quivered, as if he was a little hungry to follow these few demonic cultivators into a big battle!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had a death grip on the Demon Drawing Whip, even though he had the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand, Chen Ping’s chances of winning were not great!
“Chen, you don’t need to be afraid, you forgot that you still have treasures.”
At this moment, Ochre Yan’s voice sounded in Chen Ping’s mind!
“Treasures?” Chen Ping froze, he was not sure, what other treasures he had!
“You still have the Golden Silkworm Compass Poison ah, look at these Golden Silkworm Compass Poison, this is all a killing weapon ……”
Ochre Yan said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he remembered, so his divine sense entered the sea of consciousness and found that Ochre Yan actually had a dozen Golden Silkworm Compass Poison in front of him!
One by one, they were squirming and eating fat!
Especially that Golden Silkworm Compound Poison King Worm, its body had actually become very large!
“This thing is growing too fast, isn’t it?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, when he had obtained this Golden Silkworm Compound Poison, it was only a tiny larva, and now it had unexpectedly become large!
“Mr Chen, it’s not because your essence blood is different from normal people ah, this Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison sucked your blood and grew especially fast.”
Ochre Yan replied!
Chen Ping looked at those Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison and was ecstatic inside, this time he had an idea!
After these Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poisons left the body, they would become invisible in the void, making it impossible for anyone to detect them!
In this way, Chen Ping would be able to kill people invisibly!
Now, Chen Ping’s heart was in the right place, coupled with the Demon Whip in his hand, these few demonic cultivators were going to be out of luck!
Seeing that Chen Ping’s face was still ugly just now, but suddenly he was smiling, that Liu Xueyi was a bit puzzled, “What are you smiling about?”
“I’m laughing at you guys, you’re about to die and you don’t even know it ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Kid, are you scared silly? In this situation now, who is about to die, can’t you see that?”
“And this is the Divine Demon Battlefield, no one can come in and save you!”
Liu Xueyi sneered!
“Don’t talk nonsense with him, a newly promoted minor cultivator of the Transition Realm is just a small cultivator, kill it quickly, we have to hurry up and look for treasures to go.”
A devil cultivator said with some impatience!
Liu Xueyi nodded and soon five auras enveloped towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was calm, and the two Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poisons had silently left Chen Ping’s body and headed towards the impatient devil cultivator!
The Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison was invisible in the void, and the several demonic cultivators surprisingly did not discover anyone!