“I’ll give it a try, but I’ve never helped a soul regain its memories either, so I’m not entirely sure!”
Patriarch Jiang didn’t dare to guarantee it, after all, he hadn’t done this before either!
“Alright, thank you Patriarch Jiang!”
Chen Ping nodded!
Since he was going to help this old man recover his memories, Chen Ping also stayed in the Soul Demon Sect for the time being!
Ochre Yan was also in the Soul Demon Sect, following Jiang Yulian and kissing him!
This caused the anger in Jian Zheng’s heart to grow stronger as well!
Chen Ping stayed in the Soul Demon Sect for three days before Patriarch Jiang found Chen Ping and then brought Chen Ping into an underground secret room!
In this secret room, four incense burners were emitting green smoke, and the entire inside of the room was filled with this green smoke!
Although the green smoke filled the entire room, Chen Ping did not feel choked, on the contrary, this green smoke had a light fragrance that smelled very comfortable!
“Mr Chen, release the residual soul inside you, I’ll try to see if I can help him regain his memory!”
Patriarch Jiang said to Chen Ping!
“Is it still necessary to release it?”
Chen Ping was stunned!
This old man’s residual soul, which was in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, had always wanted to leave, and since he couldn’t control Chen Ping, he didn’t want to stay in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness and become Chen Ping’s puppet!
It was only because Chen Ping had the Dala Golden Code in his sea of consciousness that the residual soul was not able to detach itself!
Now if the residual soul was released directly and he did not return to Chen Ping’s body, then would Chen Ping not have worked for nothing!
Patriarch Jiang could see Chen Ping’s concern, so he said, “Mr Chen, the soul is incredibly subtle, if it’s inside your body, there’s no way for me to manipulate it ah, but don’t worry, even if that residual soul is detached from your body, he won’t be able to leave here.”
“In these four incense burners, what’s burning is the soul flower powder, thousands of years of collecting, only to get these, that residual soul is fumigated by the soul flower powder, maybe it can recover certain memories.”
“If one leaves this room, the residual soul will quickly dissipate, so Mr Chen can rest assured ……”
Hearing Patriarch Jiang say this, Chen Ping then felt slightly more at ease!
“Kid, since the old man has agreed to reside in your body, he won’t be running away, and if you really help me to recover my memory, I will also grant you great opportunities.”
The old man’s remnant soul said in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
“Alright, as you have just heard, don’t think of escaping from here, or else your residual soul will dissipate and you will truly be gone forever.”
Chen Ping said to the old man!
“Don’t worry, although I have lost my memory, I am not stupid ……”
The old man was a little impatient!
He also wanted to recover his memory quickly so that he could understand why he was trapped inside a broken cave!
Chen Ping let go of his divine sense and allowed the old man’s residual soul to detach from his body!
Seeing the residual soul that appeared, Patriarch Jiang was just stunned, his face full of incredulity!
“How does this …… residual soul still have shackles on it? Are there still shackles that trap souls in this world?”
Patriarch Jiang was very puzzled, after all, the soul was a spirit body, there was no way to trap it except for special formations!
“Patriarch Jiang, can you open this shackle for him first?”
Chen Ping asked!
“I’ll give it a try, I’ve never encountered one where the remnant souls are all bound by the shackles.”
“It seems that the other party is trying to make it impossible for him to come back to life for eternity ah, and also to make him suffer a lot, what kind of deep hatred is it that would put the souls in shackles?”
Patriarch Jiang was very emotional!
“When the old man recovers his memories and knows who tortured me, I’ll make sure to make him pay back a hundred times over!”
The old man snorted coldly and said!
“Even if you recovered your memories, you are still just a wisp of soul, since the other party was able to decapitate you and put your soul in shackles, it proves that the strength is above you, you’d better think about how you can repay me in the future!”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but give that old man a blank look!
He was already in this state, and he was still thinking about revenge.