Fumio Watanabe Villa!
Pocky Hu and Old Fan are lying in a luxurious spa!
Old Fan had good white wine beside him, while beside Pocky Hu were two wonderful young girls, gently ma*saging Pocky Hu!
“Old Fan, do you think that Chen Ping will be able to beat that what’s-his-name Chishikawa?”
Pocky Hu asked with some concern.
After all, Hu Ma Zi didn’t know much about these samurai of the island, so he didn’t know if Chen Ping could beat him!
“Don’t worry, if the guess is good, with just one move, that Chishimagawa will be dead.”
“Guess he’ll be back soon by this time ……”
Old Fan was leisurely sipping his wine!
The words had just fallen when Chen Ping followed Watanabe Fumio and returned!
“Dad ……”
Yumiko saw that Watanabe Fumio had returned, so she hurried up to him and asked, “Dad, how did it go?”
“All those people were killed by the master, including that Chishikawa.”
Watanabe Fumio said excitedly.
“The master?” Yumiko froze.
“Yes, from now on, Mr. Chen is the master of our Watanabe clan, and we, the Watanabe clan, have to obey the master unconditionally.”
Watanabe Fumio said.
Yumiko looked at Chen Ping’s back in surprise, only Chen Ping didn’t say a word, he wasn’t too interested in being the master of any Watanabe clan!
Maybe after this time, he would never come to the island again!
Chen Ping walked to the backyard of the villa and saw that Old Fan was leisurely soaking in the hot spring after Hu Ma Zi, and Hu Ma Zi had two young girls waiting for him, so he couldn’t help but smile!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly got up and shooed the two maidens away.
“Chen Ping, how about it? Can you f*ck that Thousand Island River?”
Hu Ma Zi asked.
“One move ……,” Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Old Hu, I told you, to deal with that Thousand Island Chuan, it’s only a matter of one move.”
Old Fan said with a grin.
“Master Hu, get ready, we’re going back.”
Chen Ping intended to go back to his country, now that Watanabe Fumikishi was dead, he had to go back and think of a way to get Su Yuqi.
After all, rescuing Su Yuqi was the main thing.
Moreover, during this trip to the island, Chen Ping had promoted to Martial Saint, which made Chen Ping even more confident to save Su Yuqi.
“Go back? Leaving so soon?”
Hu Pazzi was stunned.
“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded.
Although Hu Ma Zi was a little reluctant, there was nothing he could do.
But when that Watanabe Fumio saw that Chen Ping was actually going back to his country, he knelt down in front of Chen Ping with a poof.
“Please, master, help our Watanabe clan and get rid of the control of the Chizuru Shrine.”
Watanabe Fumio knew that although everyone within the Watanabe family was now settled and no one was threatening his position as head of the family!
But would the shrine let him go?
After Chen Ping left, the shrine would definitely come after him, and the family might die a worse death then.
Chen Ping gave that Watanabe Fumio an expressionless look, “I can help you kill that Thousand Island Chuan, that’s a reward for your Snow Lotus, I’m not obliged to be helping you destroy the Thousand Crane Shrine now, I don’t have that time either.”
“Master, my Watanabe family is willing to follow master forever and pay tribute to master for resources every year ……”
Watanabe Fumio kept kowtowing to Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, I think you should stay, the resources within that Thousand Crane Shrine are much richer than these martial arts clans, and each shrine will have their own gods within them!”
“The strength gathered within these gods should be what you want.”
Old Fan held his gla*s of wine and spoke to Chen Ping persuasively.
Chen Ping glanced at Old Fan and pondered for a moment before nodding, “Alright ……”
Seeing Chen Ping agree, Watanabe Fumio was full of excitement!
At night ……
Chen Ping was lying on his bed, his mind was on how to save Su Yuqi!
At that moment a soft footstep came.
Chen Ping jerked up, only to see the door to his room being pushed open and Yumiko walking in unclothed!