Seeing that a monk was actually summoned, everyone was shocked!
Only that 10th Highness looked on indifferently, calm as water, with a few hints of mockery in his eyes!
“Namu Amitabha Buddha ……”
After that shadowy monk let out a murmur, countless mysterious Buddha lights appeared, one going straight towards that Tenth Highness!
The Tenth Highness simply waved his hand casually!
Boom!
A terrifying aura swept over like waves, blocking all of that ray of Buddha light!
The shadowy monk took a step forward, and a beam of Buddha light appeared beneath his feet with a loud bang!
The Buddha light was like a giant pillar that directly broke out from underneath that 10th Highness’s feet!
The Tenth Highness let out a cold snort and stomped his foot violently!
Boom!
With that single kick, that Buddha light that was like a giant pillar shattered and directly disappeared!
The shadow monk continued to step forwards, and with each step, a white lotus flower was generated under his feet, and when nine steps were taken, nine white lotuses appeared behind that shadow monk!
The nine white lotus flowers converged together, forming a huge lotus cage that headed towards the Tenth Highness!
The lotus cage descended from the sky, and an endless amount of Buddhist light shot out from that lotus cage!
The Tenth Highness slowly raised his head, his eyes narrowing slightly as a trace of gravity finally appeared on his face!
However, he didn’t move, instead, he flipped his palms, and two white breaths burst out from his palms, heading directly towards that lotus cage!
Boom ……
There was a violent explosion, like thunder, that shook the ears of the crowd to the point of buzzing!
The lotus cage then shattered, and countless white lotus fragments shot out towards the entire surroundings of the Imperial City!
Large buildings collapsed, and countless subjects of the Xiao Dynasty died tragically under the lotus fragments!
At this moment, human lives were like ants!
Those cultivators in the Mahayana realm were barely able to withstand the aftershocks, and those in the Transitional realm didn’t even have the ability to resist!
Master Limitless looked at the Tenth Highness with an incomparably grave expression, he didn’t expect that using the Buddha Seal and summoning a wisp of the divine soul of the Dharma Ancestor of the Thunder Sound Temple couldn’t even help this Tenth Highness!
He didn’t have any other means now, this Buddha Seal was the last resort!
Without Xiao Jian’s bloodline, even if Master Limitless had the Buddha Seal, there was no way to summon the divine soul of Ancestral Master Dharma!
It must be known that the entire Buddhism possessed countless Buddha Seals, but their Leiyin Temple only had ten Buddha Seals, and within these Buddha Seals, all of them had a wisp of Grandmaster Dharma’s divine soul.
However, in order to prevent future generations from summoning the divine soul of the Dharma Master at will, so only those with the bloodline of the Buddha can open the Buddha Seal!
Now that the Buddha Seal was opened, it couldn’t help this Ten Highnesses, so there was no way out!
“This Dharma stupid vulture, dividing his divine soul into ten million parts and sealing it in the Buddha Seal, still really thinks that he is invincible, and that a wisp of residual soul will be able to help his descendants to be invincible?”
“Now you can’t even defeat a small child, what a shame ……”
Seeing this scene, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch couldn’t help but sneer!
“Senior, this old monk with a white beard, could it be Ancestor Dharma?”
Chen Ping asked with some surprise!
“Now where is he still an Ancestor, he has been beaten into a grandson!”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
Chen Ping was also speechless, it looked like there was no one who could deal with this small child in front of him!
How could he not have thought that there would be such a terrifyingly powerful character in the Demon Sealing Alliance?
“You old bald donkey, a wisp of divine soul is able to make me take it seriously, it really isn’t simple, but for you to think that you can rely on a wisp of divine soul to defeat me is simply a dream.”
After the Tenth Highness finished speaking, he spat out the lollipop in his mouth, and a long knife instantly appeared in his hand!
This long knife was almost taller than this Tenth Highness, and it was incredibly wide and thick, and there were several knife rings on it that sent into sound!
Clattering …………
The tenth highness chopped the long knife in his hand, instantly making a clattering sound!
At the same time a blade aura visible to the naked eye directly tore through the void!
When the virtual shadow saw this, it folded its hands together, its body emitting a golden light, and it did not move a muscle to meet the blade awn!
The blade awn fell, accompanied by a loud bang, the virtual shadow trembled for a moment!