Inside the Valley of the Wicked!
After Luo Jinzuo had left, Ding did not enlarge the defences of the Valley of the Wicked.
“Old Third, you send someone to guard the place behind where Mr. Chen is practicing.”
“Not a single person is allowed to approach or disturb it!”
“You personally go and lead the men to keep watch, no matter what happens in front, you are not allowed to move!”
Ding Da said to Ding Bu San.
Ding Buzan nodded, and then brought a few of the more powerful people from the Vicious Valley to guard the perimeter of the Devil Zhen Tower.
And at this moment, Chen Ping was sitting cross-legged inside the Demon Subduing Tower.
The spiritual Qi around him formed a small vortex around Chen Ping’s body.
The Heart Condensation Technique was running at a rapid pace, and Chen Ping’s dantian was absorbing the spiritual qi like a hunger.
In the blink of an eye, three days had pa*sed.
Luo Jinzuo had already rushed back to the Desert North.
Only Luo Jinzuo did not know when his own brother would be out of seclusion.
If he waited for his brother to come out of customs and then went to the Vicious Valley to ask for someone, he was afraid that Chen Ping would have already run away without a trace.
“Housekeeper, send a post to all the clans and families in the Desolate North Martial Dao Realm that have cooperation with our Luo Family!”
“I’m going to unite these people and level the Vicious Valley for him, I don’t believe they won’t hand over the people!”
Luo Jinzuo said with a grim face.
“Second master, should we wait until the master comes out of the gate?”
The butler cautiously reminded.
“If I f*cking tell you to go, go, don’t you even listen to my words?”
Luo Jinzuo roared at the butler.
Seeing this, the butler hurriedly went to inform.
In just a day’s time, almost all the clans and families in the Desert North martial arts world had converged on the Luo family.
After all, in Northern Desert, the Luo Family was the number one family and no one dared to mess with it.
What’s more, the head of the Luo family, Luo Jinyou, was a martial arts nerd who did nothing but cultivate.
Strength had long since become impenetrable.
Luo Jinzuo sat on the main seat and looked at the dozen or so representatives and family heads of the major clans below.
“I have gathered everyone together today because I am thinking of something to ask of you all.”
Luo Jinzuo said to the crowd.
“Second Master Luo, if you have something, just say it, we will do what we can!”
One of the old men dressed in white practice clothes said.
“Yes, the Luo family’s business is our business, if we didn’t have the Luo family in front of us in Desert North, I don’t know how many people would have hit us here.”
“That’s right, we in the Desert North martial arts community, we have to be united, one word from Second Master Luo, we’ll do whatever we can!”
The crowd below all blew up at the Luo family.
This caused Luo Jinzuo to instantly swell up, his face overflowing with smugness.
“Since all of you think highly of my Luo family, then I won’t beat around the bush.”
Luo Jinzuo drank a cup of tea and then continued, “Without hiding it from you all, a few days ago, my nephew was a*sa*sinated and now his remains have been returned.”
Just as Luo Jinzuo finished his words, the crowd all sucked in a breath of cold air.
Even the Luo family’s son dared to be killed?
That was simply wanting for his life.
“Second Master Luo, who exactly, killed Luo Xiang? This is simply seeking death ……”
A sect master of the clan asked to Chen Ping.
“It was Chen Ping!” Luo Jinzuo said.
“Chen Ping?”
Many people were bewildered, not knowing what this Chen Ping was like.
However, some people were instantly shocked after hearing Chen Ping’s name.
“I know this Chen Ping, he’s been all the rage lately.”
“Not only did he defeat Long Xiao, but he also killed Guo Wei, and some time ago, he killed Zang Qing, the Sky Destruction Sect’s Sect Master who was chasing him.”
“I just didn’t expect that this Chen Ping would even lay his hands on Duke Luo.”
The person who spoke was only in his early thirties and looked very young, but he was already the sect master of a certain sect in Desolate North.
When the crowd heard this, Chen Ping was so bullying that he had not only offended the Dragon Family, but also the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance.
Now even the number one clan in Desert North had followed Chen Ping and become mortal enemies!