…………
The next day!
The martial arts arena was packed with tens of thousands of people, and Chen Ping’s miracle after miracle had made many people want to come over and see what all the fuss was about!
Exchanging hostages in the martial arts arena was an unprecedented first for the martial arts world!
Especially when the head of the Dragon Family had been captured and made a hostage, such a rare event that all wanted to come over and see!
Zhu Zhishan looked at the crowded scene and his face was very gloomy.
“Lord Zhu, are we still going to make a move later?”
At this moment, a black bronze robe asked to Zhu Zhishan.
So many people had come to the scene, if they openly made a move, they were afraid that it would affect the reputation of the Martial Alliance!
“Make a move, as long as we kill that Chen Ping, everything else will be fine!”
Zhu Zhishan said through clenched teeth.
Black Bronze Robe nodded, then turned around and left to make arrangements!
Soon after, Long Xiao brought Xiao Ru to the martial arts arena as well, and sat directly beside Zhu Zhishan!
“Master Zhu, that Chen Ping has made such a big show, he is probably afraid that the Martial Alliance will make a move against him, when that Chen Ping comes later, we can’t let go of the opportunity ……”
Long Xiao was afraid that Zhu Zhishan would see so many people and in give up on making a move against Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, that Chen Ping must die today ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes faintly stared!
“That’s good ……” Long Xiao nodded his head!
And at this moment, not far from the martial arts arena, the Four Villains had brought Long Jingguo with them, and Dong Liqun had also arrived with all of the Dong Clan’s experts!
They knew that as soon as Chen Ping showed up, the Martial Alliance would definitely not let Chen Ping go, and when the time came, if the Martial Alliance really disregarded its reputation and made a move against Chen Ping, those of them could still help!
“Mr. Chen, or else you should not show yourself, a few of us will take Long Jingguo to return Miss Xiao Ru ……”
Ding Dada said to Chen Ping.
“No, if I don’t show my face, wouldn’t that mean I’m afraid of that Wudao Alliance, and with so many people here today, even if the Wudao Alliance is shameless, they won’t make a move against me in front of so many people ……”
Chen Ping did not believe that the Martial Dao Alliance would be so shameless as to dare to play dirty even in front of tens of thousands of people.
It seemed that Chen Ping still overestimated the lower limit of the Martial Dao Alliance’s shamelessness!
“Hahahaha, little brother Chen, you still overestimate these people of the Martial Dao Alliance ah ……”
Just as Chen Ping’s words fell, a sudden, cheerful laugh came.
Immediately after that, Ge Fuhai walked over with Ge Jiayi.
Chen Ping knew Ge Jiayi, but had not seen Ge Hai, and the moment he saw Ge Hai, his entire body faintly froze!
It was because he felt a majestic surge of spiritual energy from Ge Hai’s body!
A cultivator of immortality?
Chen Ping was slightly surprised, he did not expect this Ge Dahai to enter as an immortal cultivator.
“Mr. Chen, this is Ge Fuhai, the head of the Ge family ……”
Dong Liqun gave Chen Ping an introduction.
Chen Ping frowned, this Ge Fuhai was obviously an immortal cultivator, but how could that Ge Jiayi, being Ge Fuhai’s daughter, be a martial cultivator?
What was going on here?
Chen Ping was full of doubts, but on this occasion, it was not the right time to ask such questions, not to mention that Ge Fuhai would not necessarily tell him.
“Brother Dong, some time ago, my daughter has been looking for trouble with your Dong family, I’m really sorry, I’m here to make amends to you ……”
“I have already investigated, the one who did that kind of thing was indeed not Dong Jiahao, I am still looking for that person.”
Ge Fuhai stepped forward and followed Dong Liqun to apologise.
“Ge family master is polite, it’s just a misunderstanding, just explain it clearly!”
Dong Liqun said politely in a hurry.
And that Ge Chia-Yi looked at Dong Jia-Hao with a few more apologies in her eyes!
Although this matter had caused Ge Jiayi to lose face, it was fortunate that she still retained her intact body, which was a blessing among misfortunes!
“Master Ge Jia Yi, I wonder what you meant by your words just now?”
At this moment, Chen Ping stepped forward and asked Ge Fuhai.