After settling a few people down, Chen Ping’s figure instantly disappeared.
Chen Ping quickly darted deeper and deeper into the mountain range, without Ben Niu to drag him down, Chen Ping’s speed was so much faster that only a residual shadow could be seen.
As Chen Ping continued to go deeper and deeper into the mountain range, two cities soon appeared in front of him!
These two cities spanned almost the entire mountain range, blocking the path up the mountain.
Only in the middle of the two cities was there a passageway!
These two citadels were like two doors.
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping felt all the more that the small city above the mountain range was definitely not ordinary, and there must be a big shot in it!
Even the main city where Xie Chong was located did not have two cities echoing its defences, and these two cities that had suddenly appeared now were definitely protecting that small, unassuming looking city on the mountain range!
There were a large number of battle soldiers standing on these two cities, and there was a large disc on each city gate, and Chen Ping did not know what purpose it served!
But it was obvious that the size and strength of these two cities were definitely stronger than the others.
The main thing was that there was no way to go around and then up above the mountain range.
And in the sky above these two cities, there were quite a few battle soldiers patrolling everywhere, defending extremely tightly.
After observing for a while, Chen Ping quietly retreated back!
“How is it, is it possible to cross the mountain range ahead and reach the other Beast Race territories?”
Seeing that Chen Ping had returned, Bai Yi asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping shook his head with a grave expression and said, “There are still two cities in front blocking the way, we must break through to get there.”
“Big brother, can’t we go around?”
Crazy Immortal asked.
“No, we must break through, if we can’t break through, we will have to go back, in that case, we will definitely encounter pursuers.”
Chen Ping said!
“Sage son-in-law, how is the scale of these two cities? Is it good to break in?”Once Bai Yi heard this, he asked with some concern.
“It’s not good to break in, the war soldiers within these two cities, there must be tens of thousands of them.”
“Now we can only hope that their information is not accessible and we can muddle through!”
Chen Ping said!
After all, they were all beast races and it was normal for them to come and go in and out of the city gates.
However, Chen Ping was afraid that their message had long been passed on by Xie Chong, in that case, they would probably be able to be recognised as soon as they showed their heads.
“Try it, be prepared for a dry run!”
Bai Yi nodded.
The four of them walked towards those two cities, and when they arrived at the bottom of the city, they saw that above the gates, a large number of war soldiers towered over them, each one of them looking solemn, with an icy cold chill emanating from their bodies.
Chen Ping took a deep breath, then walked towards the city gates!
“Stop ……”
A team of war soldiers stopped Chen Ping and the others, then asked in a cold voice, “Where did you come from?”
“We came from the main city and want to meet a few friends.”
Chen Ping said, going so far as to pull out a bag of Immortal Coins, intending to bribe the captain of this War Soldier who was guarding the city gates.
After all, this trick, in the secular world that was tried and tested, there was no one who did not love money.
But who knew, Chen Ping had just taken out the immortal coins when the war soldier captain frowned.
“Who the hell are you people? Round me up ……”
Clatter …………
Chen Ping and the others were instantly surrounded by a group of war soldiers.
Chen Ping was instantly given a freeze, not understanding what this War Soldier Captain meant, was it that he resented the lesser amount of Immortal Coins?
“Is it because you think it is too little? I still have some here, take it and play with it for the brethren ……”
Chen Ping took out another bag of immortal coins.
This time, that war soldier captain’s expression became even more furious.
“You are humiliating me, you are by no means from our Fei Hu City, who the hell are you?”
The war soldier captain directly drew his weapon.
“Big brother, in our Beast Race, there are no such rules, why are you still giving gifts? Isn’t this a slap in the face?”
When Crazy Immortal saw Chen Ping’s move, he was speechless!