And beyond Long Xiao’s surroundings, there was a faint layer of white light that kept flickering, as if it was like Buddha’s light!
“Chen Ping, do you think you’re the only one with a strong physical body? This body of mine has suffered a thunder tribulation, it’s no worse than yours ……”
Long Xiao said, and smashed his fist out!
The two kept clashing, a huge energy aftershock that caused everyone around them to move away!
Every time they collided, it caused the heaven and earth to shake, a ripple appeared in the void, as if it was going to tear the entire void apart!
Neither of them had the slightest reservation, each strike was at full power!
The aura within Long Xiao’s body became stronger and stronger, and with the augmentation of that soul spirit, Long Xiao became more and more courageous!
On the contrary, Chen Ping was beginning to look a little strained.
With a peak Martial Marquis realm, it was indeed somewhat difficult to take on Long Xiao, who had almost reached the third rank of Great Martial Marquis realm!
With such a large realm increase, the strength was a geometric increase.
For Chen Ping to be able to fight against Long Xiao up to this point was already considered remarkable!
Just as Chen Ping was following Long Xiao in his battle, within the Kyoto Protector’s Pavilion, Xing Jun said to Mr. Shi, “Mr. Shi, at the martial arts arena, Chen Ping followed Long Xiao in his fight.”
“Oh, so Chen Ping is back?” Mr Shi was a little surprised, “Has he stepped into the Great Martial Marquis yet?”
“No, just at the peak of Martial Marquis, but even if he is at the peak of Martial Marquis, he didn’t seem to be at a disadvantage when he followed that Long Xiao in a fight.”
Xing Jun replied.
“Haven’t stepped into a Grand Martial Marquis yet?” Mr. Shi’s brow furrowed, “If he hasn’t stepped into a Grand Martial Marquis, he’s no match for that Long Xiao ……”
“Let’s go and take a look ……”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, he hurriedly got up and headed straight for the martial arts arena.
By the time Mr. Shi felt the martial arts arena with Xing Jun, Chen Ping had already fought no less than a hundred moves after Long Xiao.
The aura on Chen Ping’s body was now getting weaker and weaker.
Long Xiao seemed to feel the weakening of Chen Ping’s breath, which made Long Xiao even more confident and rampant.
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, within a hundred moves, I will definitely be able to make your head fall to the ground.”
“But for you, a peak Martial Marquis, to be able to fight me up until now is already remarkable.”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, a fierce fist smashed out, Chen Ping’s body was instantly smashed and sent flying, and his imperishable golden body crumbled a lot!
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly frozen as he looked at Long Xiao coldly!
He knew that Long Xiao was right, if he continued to consume like this, Chen Ping would probably not be able to sustain a hundred moves!
The strength that Long Xiao had grown exceeded Chen Ping’s imagination!
“This Chen Ping is going to be finished, after all, this kind of difference of a big realm, to be able to fight up to now, is already very good.”
“It seems that in the future, the Kyoto martial arts community will only be able to live under Long Xiao’s clutches.”
“It seems that no one is refuting this Long Xiao becoming the number one person in the Kyoto Martial Arts World.”
Many people could tell that Chen Ping was about to be defeated!
“Do it quickly, absorbing this kid’s strength might help you step into a Martial Saint in the future, at that time, the entire Grand Xia and even the entire world will be at your feet.”
In Long Xiao’s mind, an old voice urged anxiously.
“Martial Saint, Martial Saint …………”
A brilliant light flashed in Long Xiao’s eyes, and immediately afterwards a black light began to flicker above his head!
Within this radiance, it carried an endless pressure of might, heading straight for Chen Ping with a crushing momentum!
The terrifying aura instantly enveloped the entire martial arts arena, crushing everyone to the point where they couldn’t breathe, and many fell to their knees!
While feeling this aura, Chen Ping clenched his teeth tightly as golden light flashed above his fists!
A strand of divine dragon power was added to his fists, causing Chen Ping’s fists to become several times larger.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
With a furious cry, Chen Ping smashed his fist out, and a terrifying fist wind instantly swept up.