“I don’t blame you, when I send you all on your way in a while, I’ll get my hands off fast so that you’ll suffer less!”
Chen Ping slowly said!
When the youngest brother heard this, his body couldn’t help but tremble, he had seen Chen Ping’s ability, to kill him, it was simply simpler than crushing an ant!
But now they were behind the Qiu House, and now Brother Missy was betting that Chen Ping was not at all a match for these people from the Qiu House!
“Hmph, you don’t want to be wild, we may not be your opponents, but this big formation, but it is measured for you!”
After Qian Yue finished speaking, a jade slip suddenly appeared in his hand, followed by crushing that jade slip ruthlessly!
Immediately, an astonishing spiritual light lit up throughout the entire mine vein!
The piercing light filled the entire vein, and the position where Chen Ping stood was surrounded by a pillar of light condensed from a ray of light, as if it was a prison fence, surrounding Chen Ping!
Seeing Chen Ping surrounded, Qian Yue and Brother Missy all breathed a sigh of relief and then laughed out loud!
“Chen Ping, let me tell you, this grand formation was specially prepared for you, and it was also set up by a high-level formation master that the Qiu Mansion specially invited.”
“I know that you also know some formation techniques, but there is no way you can break this grand formation.”
Brother Missy said with a smile!
He knew Chen Ping very well, and he also knew Chen Ping’s details, right now Chen Ping was trapped in the formation, and he could not get out at all!
“Not bad, there is also something peculiar about this formation, and that is that it will slowly shrink the space and then squeeze your body, and in the end you will be crushed into powder.”
“In that case, you won’t even have a whole body, you might as well surrender obediently, Mr. Qiu is interested in the sword in your hand, all you have to do is offer up the precious sword, maybe once Mr. Qiu is happy, he can even let you off the hook!”
Qian Yue said to Chen Ping in a spirited manner!
It seems that Qiu Tu has long been explained, Chen Ping’s hands of the Dragon Sword is also a spirit sword, that Qiu Tu as a sword cultivator, must be very like!
“Do you two really think that this formation can trap me?”
Chen Ping laughed!
“What? Do you still have the ability to escape?”
Qian Yue sized up Chen Ping and asked with disbelief!
“It seems that you guys still know too little about me, in this Heavenly Human Realm, there is no formation that can trap me, Chen Ping!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a rich aura filled his body!
Qian Yue’s face changed as he hurriedly struck out a spiritual qi, causing that formation to start squeezing, wanting to squeeze Chen Ping into powder!
Chen Ping being able to kill that Qiu Yu proved that he was by no means a generalized person!
Now that Chen Ping’s strength had increased, although there was this formation, Qian Yue did not dare to be careless!
Qian Yue wants Chen Ping to be trapped in this formation, never let him out!
However, Qian Yue didn’t even know that Chen Ping’s formation technique was not comparable to any advanced formation master!
This so-called advanced formation is nothing in Chen Ping’s eyes!
Chen Ping was the one who had learned the Divine Patterns and the Magic Patterns, which had been passed down by the Formation Demon and Divine Patterns Ancestors themselves!
A random divine pattern was not something that these so-called formation masters of the Celestial Realm could compare to!
“You still want to resist, then don’t blame me ……”
Qian Yue stared deathly at Chen Ping and threatened!
“You guys are really frogs at the bottom of the well, just this kind of formation and still want to trap me, it’s simply a fool’s dream ……”
Chen Ping laughed with a sneer on his face!
“Chen Ping, you’d better not resist, based on your relationship with my sister, I’ll help you to say something, maybe you don’t have to die!”
The youngest sister’s brother even said such words at this moment!
Chen Ping glanced at him, full of disdain, “You are worthy to talk to me?”
After saying that, Chen Ping gently stomped his foot!
Just this one time, the palm of his foot gently stepped on the ground, accompanied by a fluctuation of aura under Chen Ping’s feet, followed by this fluctuation spreading in all directions!
Boom!
Accompanied by a loud bang, the entire mining vein shook, while those light pillars around Chen Ping, instantly collapsed, and the formation was also directly shaken by this force and disappeared!