Looking at the barrier that was about to completely shatter, the black-robed youth was dumbfounded, his eyes filled with panic and helplessness!
Boom!
A loud bang echoed between heaven and earth, and the barrier that the black-robed youth had condensed instantly collapsed!
A ray of light directly failed to enter the black-robed youth’s brow, and the black-robed youth’s figure dissipated in the light.
He was ultimately unable to withstand Chen Ping’s strike and was completely annihilated, and to his death that black-robed youth still had unwillingness in his eyes!
“Cough cough cough …………”
While the black-robed youth was annihilated, Chen Ping coughed violently.
“Mr Chen, are you alright?”
Ochre Yan followed by Jiang Yulian hurriedly ran over!
“It’s fine!” Chen Ping waved his hand!
Just now, he had merely cast the Immortal Finger a little too much, although Chen Ping had perceived the Time Origin, an Immortal Technique like the Immortal Finger was still too energy consuming!
Chen Ping had cast it once for the sake of pretence, even if he did not cast the Immortal Finger, Chen Ping would still be able to kill that black-robed youth!
“You can kill people if you want to kill people in the future, less pretence, just that little bit of Time Origin and Immortal Qi, you’ve used it all up.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord advised Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was also speechless for a while, when he was in the Wuji Sacred Sect, if that Immortal Qi and Spiritual Liquid had all been absorbed by himself, he would not have turned into what he was now!
Just by using the Immortal Finger to act like a p*ssy for the second time, he had almost deflated!
“Mr Chen, what you just used was an immortal technique, right? It’s simply too awesome and shocking.”
“I really didn’t expect that you would break through to the fourth rank of the Transition Realm in just a short period of time, and you’ve also comprehended the Time Origin, and most of all, you’re now killing a ninth rank Grand Cultivator of the Transition Realm is as simple as killing a pig and slaughtering a dog.”
Ochre Yan said to Chen Ping with a face full of excitement!
“How can it be as simple as you say, but it’s not that easy for the ninth rank of the Transitional Succession realm to kill me.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Jiang Yulian on the other hand was shocked, although she knew that Chen Ping was very powerful, she did not expect it to be this powerful!
“Mr Chen, didn’t you go to look for the Broad Cold Palace? Did you find it?”
Ochre Yan asked!
“I found it and got the Heavenly Demon Stone as well, I was preparing to go back to the Blood Spirit Valley when I passed by here to take a look.”
“Where is Patriarch Jiang?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Oh, master he is in seclusion, now I am in charge of the Soul Demon Sect’s affairs.”
Jiang Yulian said!
“Yes, now Yulian is the Vice Sovereign and manages the entire Soul Demon Sect.”
Ochre Yan said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he then looked at Ochre Yan and said, “You kid is not bad, now that you have become the dual cultivation partner of the Sovereign, you can eat soft food in the future.”
“Hehehe ……” Ochre Yan hehe!
Jiang Yulian, on the other hand, blushed!
“I wonder what Mr Chen is looking for my master for?” Jiang Yulian asked!
“I do have something that I would like to ask your Soul Demon Sect for a favour.”
Chen Ping said!
“Please speak, Mr Chen, as long as our Soul Demon Sect is able to do so, we are absolutely obliged to do so.”
As soon as Jiang Yulian heard that Chen Ping wanted to help, she hurriedly assured him!
Chen Ping spoke about the Mu Family’s attack on the Guanghan Palace, and then said, “I would like you Soul Demon Sect to go and help, even if you can’t contribute to fending off that Mu Family, you can still be at the back and help some of the tragically dead cultivators to reshape their flesh.”
Chen Ping knew that the overall strength of the Soul Demon Sect was on the weak side, and they all focused on Divine Sense Attacks, and their main thing was to be able to reshape the soul’s physical body!
As long as there was an engagement, casualties could not be avoided, however, if the physical body was destroyed, as long as there was still a soul to escape, it was also possible to remake the physical body to live!
That’s why many cultivators would abandon their physical bodies at the last moment, and then let a sliver of their souls escape!
It was also very important for the Soul Demon Sect to just remake the flesh bodies for the souls that escaped back at the back!
“No problem, I will personally lead the disciples of the Soul Demon Sect there, and will also bring along a large number of soul flowers, as long as we can help Mr Chen, our Soul Demon Sect is willing to do everything we can.”
Jiang Yulian nodded and said!