“Don’t ask so many questions, deliver the man and dare to return immediately ……”
Long Jingguo finished speaking and ordered someone to wait outside while he re-entered the dungeon once again!
When he was coming out, there was an additional person, only this person’s hands and feet were chained, and his head was shrouded in black veil, so that he could not see at all.
“Remember, the letter must be given to a man called Han Fusheng before you can do so, do you understand?”
Long Jingguo once again gruffly admonished.
Soon, the four men escorted the man away, while Long Jingguo carried out some black stones from the secret room and put them all in the dungeon!
“Chen Ping, even if I have to die with you, I will kill you ……”
Long Jingguo’s eyes were filled with a stern look!
And all this was done by Long Jingguo, but was seen by Long Xingxu who was hiding on the side.
Long Xingxu knew that the Long Family had now reached a moment of life and death.
A Grand Martial Marquis, it was impossible for the Long Family to cope even if they had all their nest.
“Long Jingguo actually hid so many Heavenly Lightning Stones, this is to let the entire Long Family follow that Chen Ping into oblivion?”
Long Xingxu’s eyes narrowed slightly, his brows furrowed together tightly!
“Who is it?”
Long Jingguo seemed to sense someone in the vicinity, and immediately asked alertly.
Long Xingxu was startled and backed up sharply, while Long Jingguo came in his direction with a single healthy step.
Seeing that Long Xingxu was about to be discovered, a domineering and incomparable aura instantly covered the entire Long family!
Immediately after that was a loud boom!
The gates of the Long Family, were directly blown down!
“Long Jingguo, get the hell out of ……”
Chen Ping’s voice rolled in mid-air!
Long Jingguo’s face changed, then his body leapt up and headed towards the front yard!
Long Xingxu secretly breathed a sigh of relief and hurried towards the front yard as well!
When Long Jingguo arrived at the front yard, he found a number of corpses lying on the ground!
It had only been a short moment, but Chen Ping had killed so many people from the Long Family.
“Chen Ping, you killed Xiao’er, and you still dare to find the Long Family, you simply bully people too much ……”
Long Jingguo looked at Chen Ping angrily and roared loudly!
At this moment, Long Jingguo had an indescribable feeling in his heart.
A few months ago, when he saw Chen Ping, he had only treated Chen Ping as a mere mole!
But now, Chen Ping had become a figure that he could not climb any higher!
“Bullying people too much?” Chen Ping smiled coldly, “I’m not just going to kill your son, I’m going to kill the entire Long family, if you obediently release my mother, I can make your death a little easier ……”
“Unbridled, how can you say that you also have the bloodline of my Long family in you, I am also your elder, is this how you talk after your elders?”
Long Jingguo reprimanded Chen Ping in anger.
“Elders?”
“You are also worthy of …………”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, his body flashed, but he had already reached Long Jingguo, followed by a fierce slap on Long Jingguo’s face!
Long Jingguo simply had no time to dodge, and received a heavy slap that dislodged all his teeth in his mouth.
As the head of the Long Family, he was now slapped by Chen Ping in front of many of his subordinates, which made Long Jingguo very embarra*sed!
“Chen Ping, kill me if you have the guts, I will make it impossible for you to see your mother for the rest of your life ……”
Long Jingguo gritted his teeth to death and threatened loudly to Chen Ping!
Long Jingguo’s words really made Chen Ping freeze.
His own mother was still in Long Jingguo’s hands, and Chen Ping didn’t dare to act too rashly!
Seeing that Chen Ping was intimidated by himself, Long Jingguo instantly became complacent.
“Now go and kowtow to my son, if you satisfy me, I can consider releasing your mother ……”
Long Jingguo said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s eyes stared slightly, staring at Long Jingguo closely.
“Making me kneel down, you are also worthy ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a burst of terrifying pressure instantly erupted from his body!