“Senior, I didn’t mean to do that, it’s just that you’re really not that tough!”
Chen Ping said, a bit embarrassed!
“Nonsense, I’m not tough? This old man could take on a puny Great Ascension Realm cultivator like you just to blow off some steam!”
“Let’s go again…”
The scholar leapt into the air, charging straight at Chen Ping!
Having learned from the first strike, Chen Ping held back, not unleashing the full power of his Dragon-Slaying Sword!
Bang!
Another slash sent the scholar’s body flying once more, this time with several new wounds!
“What the hell is going on?”
The scholar stared at his injuries, his face red with fury!
He couldn’t figure out why his strength had suddenly dropped so drastically.
Just a couple of days ago, he’d sparred with someone, and his power hadn’t diminished at all!
What was happening here?
“Put that sword away, let’s fight again!”
The scholar glared at the Dragon-Slaying Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, certain it wasn’t ordinary and blaming it for his defeat!
“Alright!”
Chen Ping nodded and sheathed the Dragon-Slaying Sword!
Seeing Chen Ping put the sword away, the scholar gritted his teeth, his eyes flashing with ferocity, and charged at him again!
But Chen Ping, watching the scholar rush forward, no longer felt the initial wariness, instead showing a cold smirk!
“Holy Light Fist…”
Chen Ping threw a punch, a burst of golden light exploding outward!
Bang!
The scholar was sent flying once more, crashing heavily to the ground, coughing up blood.
This time, Chen Ping was completely at ease. Turns out, this third-level guardian was a pushover, no real skill at all!
But the scholar looked utterly despairing!
“How is this possible?”
He roared hoarsely!
Hearing the commotion inside, Li Chunfeng slowly stepped into the palace!
When he saw the scholar covered in wounds and looking utterly pathetic, he turned to Chen Ping in disbelief!
He couldn’t fathom it either, when had Chen Ping become *this* strong?
Three punches and a couple of kicks, and he’d taken down the third-level guardian!
Three punches and a couple of kicks, and the third-level guardian was done for!
“Senior Li, this third-level guardian isn’t even as strong as you or Nan Batian!”
Chen Ping explained to Li Chunfeng!
Li Chunfeng paused, sizing up the scholar again before suddenly drawing his sword and striking!
His movements were fluid, seamless, executed in one swift motion…
“What are you doing?”
The scholar cried out in alarm, scrambling to defend himself, but he was still sent flying by the blow, another gash appearing on his body!
Li Chunfeng frowned, “With your strength, how do you have the nerve to call us first- and second-level guardians trash?”
“Who are you?”
The scholar, hearing this, stared at Li Chunfeng in shock!
“I’m the second-level guardian, Li Chunfeng…” Li Chunfeng replied!
“Impossible, if you’re the second-level guardian, how could you leave the second-level world?”
The scholar shook his head, refusing to believe it!
“I owe my freedom to Mr. Chen, who broke my imprisonment seal and even withstood the heavenly tribulation for me!”
Li Chunfeng explained!
The scholar gaped at Chen Ping in disbelief, “You, a Great Ascension Realm cultivator, can break an imprisonment seal and resist a heavenly tribulation?”
Chen Ping nodded but didn’t say a word!
“I don’t believe it, not unless you break mine too,” the scholar declared!
“I can break it for you, but it comes with a price,” Chen Ping said!
“What price?” the scholar asked.
“You’d have to follow me for three hundred years, obey my orders, and fight for me.”
“But with your strength, honestly, you wouldn’t be much help, you’re too weak.”
Chen Ping said, eyeing the scholar!
“I’m not weak! I’m an immortal from the Celestial Realm! Even at my weakest, how could I possibly lose to a Great Ascension Realm cultivator like you?”
“It’s just that my realm’s been suppressed, my strength’s down to less than a tenth of what it was.”
The scholar protested loudly.
“Then why were you imprisoned here?” Chen Ping asked curiously, “It’s not because you were peeking at some lady bathing, is it?”
“Nonsense! I’m a refined scholar, how could I ever do something so vulgar?”
The scholar snapped angrily!