“No fame, just no fame, why don’t you let it be said?”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master said teasingly!
Di Chongjing was filled with anger, frowning, staring dead on at the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and asked, “Who exactly are you people? How dare you not know about our Blood and Bone Sect?”
“Have you heard of the Broad Cold Palace?”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master asked!
“Guanghan Palace?”Di Chongjing froze, then nodded, “I’ve heard of it, it’s that clan that was established not long ago in the southernmost part of the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
“Could it be that you guys are from the Guanghan Palace?”
“Not bad, I am the Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace.”The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace nodded!
“The Broad Cold Palace is thousands of miles away from here, and it’s mostly a land of mountain ranges and demonic beasts, what are you guys doing running here?”
Di Chongjing didn’t understand, Guanghan Palace was in the southernmost part of the Heavenly Demon Mountain now, so how did it run here!
“That’s out of your hands, I’ll go wherever I please ……”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master said with a cold smile!
Looking at the Guanghan Palace’s unafraid face, Di Chongjing hesitated for a moment, then waved his hand and said, “Okay, you guys go over there ……”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace froze and asked, “Didn’t you say that this is your territory? You’re not stopping us?”
“Not stopping us, you guys go!”Di Chongjing shook her head!
“Sect master, they ……”
The Blood and Bone Sect disciple on the side was anxious!
So many beautiful female cultivators, if they let them go, it would be hard to find them in the future!
“Shut up!”Di Chongjing glared, then lowered his voice and said, “I’ve heard about that Guanghan Palace for a long time, it’s very strong, and everyone knows ice techniques, so it might freeze us all into little ice people.”
“And I see the strength of this Broad Cold Palace’s Palace Master, than I am not bad, really hands on words, still do not know who loses and who wins it, first let them leave, and wait for us to go back to find the second senior brother and then make plans!”
It turns out that this Di Chong Jing heard is the people of the Guanghan Palace, the heart is a little afraid, don’t come to steal the chicken, that would be troublesome!
So they just let these people of Guanghan Palace go, and so on after contacting Tan Rongkun, in the discussion of what to do!
Guanghan Palace Palace Master saw Di Chongjing want to let them go, for a moment some overwhelmed, she also thought that these guys will make a move, and then Chen Ping they rushed out to catch the other side by surprise!
But who knew, once she heard that she was from Guanghan Palace, she directly wimped out and wanted to let them pass!
“You Blood and Bone Sect are a bunch of goons, we are all female cultivators, and surprisingly, you don’t dare to make a move.”
“Were you intimidated by our Guanghan Palace’s name?”
The Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace deliberately provoked Di Chongjing!
“You f*cking …………”
The Blood and Bone Sect disciple on the side got anxious and was about to make a move, but he was stopped by Di Chongjing!
The more the Broad Cold Palace Palace Lord provoked him like this, the more weak Di Chong Jing became, and he always felt that the other party was deliberately looking for a fight!
Di Chongjing, who had just exploded his flesh and almost died, was much more cautious now!
“Good men don’t fight with women, you guys go away ……”
Di Chongjing motioned for his men to get out of the way!
Seeing such provocation, the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master even held back even this guy didn’t make a move!
“You guy is too much of a wimp, being provoked like this, he even didn’t dare to make a move, did he die once and got scared?”
Chen Ping saw that Di Chong Jing was too cautious, so he stopped hiding and walked out!
“Di Chongjing, your flesh is recovering quite quickly? Since you’ve died once, you don’t think of repentance, you’re even doing roadblocks, you’re really disgracing Master, his old man!”
Patriarch Jiang looked at Di Chongjing and said with great disgust!
When Di Chong Jing saw Chen Ping and Patriarch Jiang and the others, his face instantly changed drastically!
He didn’t expect that the people from this Broad Cold Palace were following the people from the Soul Demon Sect!
“So it’s you guys, no wonder you wanted to stimulate me to make a move ……”
After Di Chong Jing finished speaking, he unexpectedly turned his head and ran away, not caring in the slightest about those disciples following him!