“I’m just bringing people over to join in the fun!”
Jiang Wei said with a faint smile.
“Brother Jiang, you just said that that Hong Qianjiu wasn’t blowing it, could it be that their Hong family really can’t see a ten thousand year old herb?”
Chen Ping asked.
Jiang Wei nodded, “Not bad, as far as I know, the Hong family is afraid that they are the least short of resources, I heard that the Hong family has a rootless land that is capable of growing many rare medicinal herbs, so the Hong family is the richest in resources!”
“What exactly is the Rootless Land?”
Chen Ping asked.
Jiang Wei, however, smiled awkwardly, “I don’t know either, I just heard about it!”
Seeing that Jiang Wei didn’t know either, Chen Ping didn’t pursue the question, but turned to Jiang Wei and said, “Brother Jiang, how did you know that this ten thousand year old medicinal herb came out? Did you bring people here to compete for this Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb?”
Seeing Chen Ping ask this, Jiang Wei smiled and said, “Mr. Chen, I’m not bragging, a ten-thousand-year medicinal herb is not really worth us traveling thousands of miles to bring people here, we have other matters, we just pa*sed by here and heard about this matter, so we came by to take a look.”
“There are other things? What exactly is it?”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
“This …………”
Jiang Wei had a difficult face.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly said, “Brother Jiang is embarra*sed, let’s not talk about it, as long as Brother Jiang is not here to fight for the ten thousand year medicinal herb, otherwise I really don’t know what to do!”
“Don’t worry Mr. Chen, since you want that ten thousand year herb, I won’t make a move, if Mr. Chen needs it, I can help you out!”
Jiang Wei said.
“I appreciate brother Jiang’s kindness, I don’t need it yet, if I need it, I’ll inform brother Jiang in the meantime!”
Chen Ping did not want to ask Jiang Wei to help just yet, although when Chen Ping went to the Ge Clan’s land, Jiang Wu Ya, the head of the Heavenly Law Building, had said that the Jiang Clan could help out whenever Chen Ping had something to do, but Chen Ping still did not intend to ask Jiang Wei to help just yet!
“Mr. Chen, if you need it, then just greet me!”
“I’ll go over and say hello ……”
Jiang Wei finished speaking and walked over, following Zhu Hao and Hong Qianjiu in greeting!
At this moment, many surrounding clans and families, as well as martial arts experts, saw that the recently famous and suddenly emerged clans, came several, and all of them brought many experts, which all began to drum in their hearts!
Some of them had the idea of withdrawing and quietly slipped away. Although the universal herb was tempting, it was only if they had lives to consume it!
If you lose your life, what’s the point of having a 10,000 year old herb?
The moon hung high in the sky, its bright light spilling over the mountains and forests, making them look even more holy!
Zheng Anguo led the most elite of the Zheng family to come, whether they were Grand Martial Marquis or Martial Marquis, they were all in full force!
But when Zheng Anguo arrived with his men, he looked at all these people from the major families in front of him and panicked inwardly!
Fortunately, he had withdrawn his men in advance and had chosen to cooperate with Chen Ping, if he himself had forced the place to be sealed off and taken the ten thousand year old medicinal herbs alone on the grounds that it was his own territory, it was estimated that all these elites of the Zheng Family would have become corpses by now!
In that case, the Zheng Family could be the common enemy of these people in front of him, and how strong would his Zheng Family be to deal with the attacks of so many families!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Zheng Anguo walked up to Chen Ping’s body and shouted!
“Master Zheng Clan, is everything ready?”
Chen Ping asked.
“All ready, but seeing as the time of the zodiac is about to arrive, if the ten thousand year old medicinal herb that is really in comes out, there will definitely be a disturbance in heaven and earth, and I am afraid that I won’t be able to hide it from them!”
Zheng An Guo said.
“Don’t worry, I’ve improved on top of the formation that Wan Hong set up, this formation will be able to suppress that ten thousand year old medicinal herb for a bit.”
“When the time comes, as long as all these people are attracted elsewhere, the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb will be too late for those people if it produces a disturbance in heaven and earth!”
Chen Ping said with a clear mind.