“Miss, there’s something wrong with this bloke, he’s clearly at the seventh rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, but the aura he’s displaying doesn’t match his realm.”
“Just now, when Elder Zuo Blind made his move, if it were an ordinary seventh ranked cultivator of the Transitional Appearance Realm, he would have long since pissed himself in fear, but instead of being afraid, this guy even instantly activated his Body Protecting Divine Power.”
“Also just now, he took out so many Purple Gold Spirit Coins as soon as he made his move, he’s obviously not an ordinary cultivator, I hope that Miss will be more wary of this brat!”
The Right Blind Elder reminded in a small voice!
Lin Ke Ting blankly glanced at that Right Blind Elder and said in a rude manner, “I’m blind, can’t I see it? Do I need you to remind me?”
Seeing this, the Right Blind Elder was so frightened that he didn’t dare to speak anymore!
The reason why Lin Keting had a bad attitude towards this right and left blind elders was that these two guys had spied on her before!
Although they hadn’t seen anything, Lin Keting still held a grudge!
These two old guys also paid the price of one eye for this, but they were also blessed by the misfortune and were taken under the wing of Lin Keting’s father, avoiding the situation of being hunted down!
One had to know that years ago, a demonic cultivator was a street rat that everyone was shouting at!
This time, Lin Keting brought the two blind elders out, it was actually her father’s attempt to ease their relationship!
“Right Blind Elder, I just casually struck out, I didn’t use my full strength at all, don’t brag about that brat either, if I had used my full strength, that brat would have hung up long ago!”
The Left Blind Elder said with some displeasure!
After all, the Right Blind Elder’s words had the meaning of belittling him, of course he wasn’t happy about it!
“Pull back, I don’t think you’ll even be able to injure that kid with your full strength, you didn’t see that kid’s sudden activation of the Body Protecting Divine Technique, his whole body was covered with golden scales, it’s definitely not an ordinary technique.”
“There is also that girl child, surprisingly is the disciple of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, to know that those guys from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, all of them are people who sell their names and have extremely high vision, how can they be a little follower to someone.”
“Obviously that girl child is that kid’s follower, while that kid is not a disciple of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, which means that the forces behind this kid are definitely not simple, making a sect like the Ten Thousand Swords Sect fold.”
The Right Blind Elder directly analysed!
It had to be said that this Right Blind Elder did have some brains, much better than a simple-minded one like Left Blind Elder!
“I won’t talk to you anymore, after we enter the Divine Demon Battlefield and run into that kid, I’ll ask him nicely, I’d like to see how powerful he is.”
The Left Blind Elder knew that he couldn’t speak to the Right Blind Elder, so he turned his head to the side and stopped talking!
“Just don’t enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, if you get into a conflict in the Divine Demon Battlefield, who’s going to take care of all this crap for you!”
Lin Keting glanced at Elder Left Blind, then continued, “You bring people to guard this place, and don’t let those who don’t pay their spirit stones enter.”
“If anyone forces their way in, then don’t be polite, but remember one thing, you can’t hurt other people’s lives for no reason, if my father finds out, he will definitely be chastised.”
“You guys are also not allowed to tell my father about this matter today, he has a Bodhisattva’s heart right now, he can’t do anything great.”
Lin Keting instructed the crowd, it was obvious that today’s matter was all her own doing, her father didn’t even know about it!
“Miss, don’t worry, we’ll never say anything!”
Right Blind Elder hurriedly said!
This was a good opportunity to flatter Lin Ke Ting, he wouldn’t miss it, not to mention that Lin Ke Ting was going to take him into the Divine Demon Battlefield without that Left Blind Elder!
“Miss, although I’m reckless, I know what to say and what not to say ……”
Elder Left Blind also took a stand!
He had just made a move to kill a person, so if he really said something, he would be punished as well!