Soon, the Severed Gut Sect Patriarch brought someone with him, and as soon as he entered, he yelled out, “Teng Chenglin, who dared to look down on our Severed Gut Sect?”
Teng Chenglin hurriedly ran over, “Patriarch, that’s them, they asked me to call you here ……”
The Broken Gut Patriarch looked in the direction of Teng Chenglin’s finger, and when he saw Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi, his entire face turned green.
“I’m the one who despises your Broken Gut Sect, what’s wrong?”
This was Hu Pocky walking towards the Broken Gut Clan’s Patriarch.
“Sunzi, this is our Patriarch, how dare you be so wild, just wait ……” Teng Chenglin saw that Hu Pocky was still wild, and roared.
But before he could finish his words, he was slapped hard on the face by that Broken Heart Patriarch!
“D*mn it, you dead thing, how dare you even disrespect Master Hu?”
After the Broken Gut Patriarch finished speaking, he immediately accompanied him with a smile and said, “Master Hu, I didn’t know you were here, it was my men who were rude.”
Teng Chenglin, who had received a slap on the face, was dumbfounded at once when he saw that his own Patriarch was all being polite to Pocky Hu!
And the guests all looked at Pocky Hu in surprise, their eyes filled with envy and admiration!
Feeling the stares of the crowd, Pocky Hu couldn’t have been more pleased!
“It’s not your men who are rude, it’s him who wants to take over the Shen family!”
“I don’t care if it was your idea or not, I’m telling you, the Shen family and I have an affinity.”
“If anything happens to the Shen family in the future, I’ll be the first to take you out ……”
At this time, Chen Ping walked over and said.
“Mr. Chen, I really don’t know, don’t worry, as long as my Broken Gut Sect is still around in the future, the Shen family is absolutely guaranteed to be fine!”
The Broken Gut Sect Patriarch hurriedly a*sured!
“Take your people and get lost!”
Chen Ping waved his hand!
The Broken Gut Patriarch hurriedly led his men away!
The wedding site was tidied up again and the wedding banquet continued!
This time, Chen Ping and Pocky Hu became more important figures than the bride and groom!
People kept coming over to toast and get close!
Chen Ping looked for an opportunity to leave, while Hu Puzi refused to be taken in!
By the end, he was so drunk that he pa*sed out!
The next morning, when Pocky Hu woke up, he found that Chen Ping had already left to go back to Kyoto.
He left a letter for Hu Ma Zi, telling him to stay in Baihai City so that he could study the ancient relics of the Heavenly Rune Sect!
When he had the chance, Chen Ping would come back to explore it.
“This guy, does he treat me like I’m working for him?”
Hu Ma Zi crumpled the letter into a ball and threw it away, lying back down again!
…………
Kyoto, the Dragon Family!
In just a few short days, the scene at the Long Family had become even more lively!
Not only the Dragon Family, but Zhao Liguo’s Shadowless Villa, and the Four Villains’ Valley of the Wicked, had actually all moved back to Kyoto!
In the past, in order to avoid the Martial Dao Alliance, Zhao Liguo and the Four Villains had to join forces and go to the Pill God Valley together!
And now, the Sunset of the Martial Arts Alliance, and there were countless clans and families that followed Chen Ping!
So they gave moved back in!
The Dragon Family, the Shadowless Villa, and the Valley of Evil, the three families had become a handful in Kyoto, echoing each other.
Together with the Dong family’s loyalty to Chen Ping and the identity of the Pill God Valley’s head, Chen Ping’s power in Kyoto was already the greatest!
As the saying goes, if one person gains the power, his dogs will rise to the heavens. Not only in Kyoto, but even Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix in Hongcheng have leapt to become the biggest sects in the region!
Now, Chen Ping was a man of immense wealth, an object of worship in the eyes of others!
Chen Ping had never imagined that so many things had happened in the few days he had been away!
Just as the great clans were following Chen Ping, within the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance, Ning Zhi’s face was in gloom all day!
The Wudao Alliance had just come into his hands, and to think that such a thing had happened!
The current Martial Alliance had long since lost its former glory!