Watching Chen Ping heading towards the army of Ming Li Royal City, Gao Qilan and the girls were all nervous!
“Miss Gao, Miss Liu …… you don’t need to worry about Mr Chen, Mr Chen will be fine, he laid down a spell formation outside last night, those people can’t harm Mr Chen.”
Ji Yun rushed to Gao Qilan and the girls and persuaded them!
Hearing Ji Yun say this, Gao Qilan and the girls were then slightly more at ease!
“Isha, go inform the various guards to pay attention and be ready to receive Chen back at any time ……”
Ich said to Isha!
Isha nodded and then went to get ready!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was carrying Li Xing and slowly walked to that King Li’s front, the two of them were tens of metres apart, standing opposite each other!
As the King of Li looked at his son, covered in wounds, and with his trouser legs covered in blood, his eyes could not help but erupt with rage!
King Li’s eyes stared at Chen Ping in death, this was the first time he had seen Chen Ping.
This fellow who was similar in age to his own son was able to defeat Elder Qi!
“You are Chen Ping?”
King Li asked coldly!
Chen Ping didn’t speak, only nodded!
“You wanted to exchange my son for the Divine King’s Bow, yet you allowed my son to be so harmed, isn’t that a bit excessive?”
King Li gritted his teeth and asked, forcing back the anger in his heart!
“Excessive?” Chen Ping couldn’t help but raise the corner of his mouth “I only said that I would let your son’s life be exchanged for the Divine King’s Bow, I didn’t say that it was not good to harm him.”
“You also cut the crap, right now your son is right here, are you going to exchange it or not? If not, then I will slap him to death.”
“You dare to ……” King Li’s eyes widened in anger, still from no one dared to threaten him!
Chen Ping had a disdainful look on his face, and with a slap, he smacked towards Li Xing’s face!
Slap …………
With a crisp sound, Li Xing was wailing as he was hit!
“Stop, you dare to hit my son in front of me, you’re looking for death, you’re looking for death, do you know that?”
A tyrannical aura erupted from King Li’s body as he hissed loudly!
“Still threatening me?”
Chen Ping rolled his eyes, then slapped down a few more slaps!
Slaps …………
Ah ah ah …………
Li Xing was beaten and cried out!
“Dad, save me, save me ah, don’t stimulate him anymore, I’m going to be killed ……”
Li Xing cried towards King Li “What does he want, you quickly give it to him, quickly give it to him ah ……”
Li Wang was shaking with anger by Chen Ping, at this time he was considered to be completely taken by Chen Ping!
“Kid, I can regenerate if my son is gone, but if you kill my son, your life is gone, remember, your life is only once.”
King Knight gritted his teeth in anger and said word by word!
“You are so damn ruthless, you don’t want your own son, since you don’t want him, I will send him to the west, and we don’t have to be exchanging.”
Chen Ping did not want to let that Knight King see his desire for that Divine King’s Bow!
He had to firmly control the initiative before he could do so!
“Knight Star, do you hear me, this cruel father of yours doesn’t want you anymore, he can regenerate, so don’t blame me.”
“When you reach the netherworld, if you want to blame me, blame this heartless father of yours.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a ball of spiritual energy instantly coalesced on top of his palm, and he slapped down towards Li Xing’s head!
Chen Ping knew that the King of Li was merely saying so, if this Li Xing was truly unimportant, he would not have had to come over to exchange!
Since he had come, it proved that Li Xing still had a place in his heart!
Li Xing see Chen Ping really want to kill himself, the ghost cried and wailed to the Li Wang shouted “Dad, how can you be so cruel to, I am your own son ah, my mother died early, how can you treat me like this ……”
“Stop ……”
Just as Chen Ping was about to slap his palm on Li Xing’s head, Li Wang finally shouted to stop!