On the streets of South Lake City, Chen Ping was still skulking around after Pocky Hu, and at this moment, Chen Ping’s face had become somewhat less than pleasant!
This was because at this moment, he had sensed no less than twenty Great Martial Marquis.
This volume of Great Martial Marquis was clearly not something that could be unique to the South Lake Zheng Family itself.
“Chen Ping, it looks like quite a few clans and families have come for this one 10,000 year medicinal herb, this is going to be lively.” Hu Pazi also similarly sensed quite a few Great Martial Marquis and said with some concern.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, “It seems that this ten thousand year herb is not really that easy to get.”
“I just don’t know if these people, in the end, know the exact location where the herb appears, if not, we can find a way to attract them to don’t go out!
Chen Ping is not confident that he can easily take the 10,000 year old herb with so many Dawu Hou!
But the exact location of the herbs should be known to very few, all of them only knew a general location.
If he could find a way to make these people get the location of the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb wrong, then Chen Ping would have a better chance.
“How can we attract this?”
Pocky Hu didn’t know what it would take to get so many people to incorrectly know the location of the Ten Thousand Year Herb at the same time!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, his brows knitted together in contemplation!
But just then, Zheng Kai found Chen Ping with the two of them!
“Finally, we found you guys ……”
Seeing this, Zheng Kai stopped Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi with a happy face!
“Kid, what do you want to do? Still want to fight?”
Hu Pocky asked with a cold face when he saw Zheng Kai stop them with his men.
“No, no, no, you misunderstood, I’m not here to fight, it’s my father who asked me to invite Mr. Chen.”
Zheng Kai said as he waved his hands repeatedly.
“Invite me? Invite me to do what?”
Chen Ping was astonished!
“My father knows that there is a Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb coming out in the vicinity, so he wants to invite Mr. Chen to come forward and discuss taking the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb.”
Zheng Kai said truthfully.
Because he knew that in order to make Chen Ping believe him, he could only tell the truth!
When Chen Ping heard that Zheng Anguo actually wanted to invite himself over to discuss the matter of the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb, he couldn’t help but stare!
Then, Hu Ma Zi whispered, “Chen Ping, what kind of plan is this Zheng family up to? Why would they take the initiative to seek you out to talk about the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb?”
Chen Ping shook his head, he didn’t know what exactly that Zheng Anguo was up to now!
However, he still nodded and said, “Okay, circuit ahead ……”
Chen Ping decided to go to Zheng’s house to see what that Zheng Anguo really meant!
Hu Pazi and Chen Ping two people quickly arrived at the Zheng family, and Zheng Anguo was waiting in the hall at this time, see Zheng Anguo that look, and acted a little anxious!
When he saw Chen Ping coming, Zheng Anguo then hurriedly came forward, “Mr. Chen, we can finally wait for you ……”
“Clan Master Zheng, what do you want to see me about?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Mr. Chen, I believe you already know that recently, around this South Lake City, there will be a chance to fight a 10,000 year old medicinal herb that comes out.”
Zheng Anguo said straightforwardly.
Seeing Zheng Anguo being so direct, Chen Ping did not beat around the bush himself, so he nodded and said, “Not bad, I do know.”
Zheng Anguo then continued, “Now that the news of that 10,000 year medicinal herb coming out has somehow leaked out, many clans and families have come to South Lake!”
“To be honest with you, Mr. Chen, I originally planned to take the 10,000-year herb for myself, but now that so many clans are all going after the 10,000-year herb, I’m afraid that my Zheng family’s hope of obtaining the herb is very slim, and even if we obtain the herb, I’m afraid that we will become the target of many clans and families!”
“So after thinking about it, I have decided to give this Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb to Mr. Chen, and our Zheng Family can fully a*sist Mr. Chen in getting the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb.”
“As long as we cooperate, I feel that the chances of getting the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb are high.”
Zheng An Guo did not hide anything, and straightforwardly followed Chen Ping to spill out all that he thought!