Chen Ping brought Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow towards the entrance of the Divine Demon Battlefield!
The Divine Demon Battlefield was expected to close in a few days, Chen Ping did not intend to stay any longer, he wanted to get out first!
With this Qi Peijia chasing after him, Chen Ping knew that it would be even harder to find any treasures in the Divine Demon Battlefield!
However, just after Chen Ping had travelled some distance, they noticed that not far away, light flickered and a rumbling sound was emitted!
“Master, there should be someone fighting in front of us, should we go and take a look?”
Hearing the movement in front of him, the Fire Phoenix was instantly interested!
“Looking at this, it should be a melee, it’s estimated that there are quite a few people, we’ll just go over and see if we can pick up the pieces!”
“At this time, it is estimated that a lot of people have made gains in the Divine Demon Battlefield, we just happen to be the yellow bird in the back, fishing for profits ……”
Bai Shao also opened her mouth and said!
Originally, Chen Ping was not big on going up, but hearing Bai Shao’s words, Chen Ping also became interested!
If we can really pick up some treasures, even if we pick up some crystals that contain Immortal Qi, it would be good, just so we can feed the Heaven Swallowing Beast!
“Go, go over and take a look ……”
Chen Ping nodded!
When Chen Ping arrived, they found a dozen or so people, using various means, constantly bombarding a spell formation in front of them!
Within the spell formation, white mist filled the air, making it impossible to see what was going on inside!
It looked like the spell formation was very sturdy, and under the attacks of the dozen or so people, there was no damage at all!
The dozen or so cultivators attacked for half a day, obviously tired and panting, still unable to do anything!
At this time, an old man in grey cloth clothes spoke up, “Sheng family master, we are not trying to snatch your treasures, why are you defending us like this? We only want a few array talismans from Family Master Sheng!”
“Family Master Sheng came to this Divine Demon Battlefield, you wouldn’t even be able to spare a few formation talismans, would you?”
“Although we can’t break this formation of yours, if we keep on spending like this, when the Divine Demon Battlefield closes, your spell formation will disappear.”
And at this moment, all of the Sheng Family members were in the middle of the spell formation, each of their faces staring in disbelief!
“Family Head, you take Missy and Gongzi and go first, I’ll lead the people to stop these guys.”
The Grand Elder said to Sheng Bushi!
Sheng Bushi however shook his head “It’s no use, these guys obviously don’t want us to go, if we can’t, just send them some talismans and forget it, as long as we have the talismans of the Heavenly Talisman Sect in our hands, are we still afraid that we won’t have a chance to take revenge!”
Sheng Bushi wanted to compromise, this was if these guys didn’t grab that talisman book!
The Grand Elder was silent because no one knew if these guys were just leaving with just a few formation talismans!
If there were other attempts, then they would be in danger!
And at this moment, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed when he heard that old man’s words!
“Master, in the formation is the Sheng family, have they not left the Divine Demon Battlefield yet?”
The fire phoenix said!
“It seems that they are being targeted by these people and are trapped here without being able to leave!”
Bai Shao said!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took a look at the dozen or so cultivators, most of their strengths were at the fifth rank of the Transition Realm, and there were only two at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, which wasn’t too high!
“Save the Sheng family members to go ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly appeared out!
Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow hurriedly followed!
When the three of them appeared, the dozen or so cultivators were visibly stunned, and then stared at Chen Ping and the others closely!
The grey-clothed old man took a glance at Chen Ping and found that he was only a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, so he snorted coldly and said, “Who are you people? Leave from here immediately, can’t you see that we are on business?”
“Are you talking to me?” Chen Ping said with a slight smile!
“Nonsense, if I don’t talk to you, do I talk to the air?”
The grey-clothed old man said with a cold face!