Chen Ping, who had returned to Yongle City, did not stay long, but took Bai Shallow and also Fire Phoenix and they took the airship and rushed back to Fox Emperor City!
When they parted, Granny Zhen hugged Bai Shallow and cried for a long time!
After all, the two of them had been together for decades, and Granny Zhen had followed the bell and made up this time, and wouldn’t be returning to Fox Royal City, so she was a little sad!
But the world does not have a banquet that does not break up, it is normal for people to be divided in the world!
On the way to the Fox Imperial City, Bai Shao was still in a low mood, while Fire Phoenix and Chen Ping were constantly persuading her!
After a day of formation, the airship slowly landed on the outskirts of Fox Royal City!
Looking at the Fox Imperial City in front of her, Bai Shallow felt a little better!
“Ai, I don’t know what that Feng family has spoilt my Imperial City into during this period of time.”
“And those men I used to have, I don’t know what happened to them either!”
Bai Shao sighed softly, worrying about those men of hers!
“Don’t worry, that Feng family occupies the Fox Imperial City, it’s impossible to kill all the people in the Fox Imperial City, we won’t know if we go in and take a look!”
Fire Phoenix said softly comforting Bai Shallow!
A group of four people, walked towards the Fox Imperial City!
There were several guards at the entrance, all unfamiliar faces, and there was no Beast Race aura on them, they were obviously human cultivators!
Chen Ping knew that these guards should be soldiers of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
When Chen Ping and the four of them walked into the city gates, the few guards just looked at them but did not stop them!
This made Chen Ping a little curious, these guards did not check and stop them, were they just for show?
Bai Shao also frowned slightly, stopped and went up to the guards and asked, “You guys are guarding the city gates, how come you don’t check the people coming in and out?”
One of the guards shot a glance at Bai Shao, then said with a cold expression, “Our general has an order that there is no need to check the people coming in and out.”
“Without checking, what if there are people who conspire against us and cause trouble in this Fox Emperor City?”
Bai Shao asked in disbelief!
“We hope that someone will come to cause trouble, and then it’s just the right time to clean up all of them.”
“This will also give our General Qian some more war credit, our General Qian said that it’s a bit too unworthy to raise an army to come here and only deal with a tiny Feng family!”
The guard replied!
Bai Qian was confused at the guard’s reply, she did not understand what the guard meant by that!
Although Chen Ping had already told her that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had destroyed the Feng Family and recaptured the Fox Imperial City, but what did this have to do with fishing for battle honours?
Chen Ping heard this, but instantly understood!
Feeling that this General Qian had destroyed the Feng Family and recaptured the Fox Imperial City, he felt that this credit was too small, and when the time came, there was no way he could even open his mouth and follow Xiao Yuan Shan to ask for a reward!
That’s why he loosely guarded the city gates, allowing those who still had thoughts about Fox Royal City to come and cause trouble!
In this way, General Qian can continue to suppress it, and in that case, General Qian will have paid more, and the credit will be greater!
At that time, when he followed Xiao Yuanshan to report his war achievements, he would also be able to have something to say!
“Thank you ……”
Bai Shao followed that guard and thanked him, ready to go into the city!
“Stop!”At this moment, a sergeant wearing silver armour and a tiger’s back walked over, and behind him was a dozen or so other people.
“Captain Zhang ……”
A few guards saw that sergeant and hurriedly shouted respectfully!
While that Captain Zhang walked over to Chen Ping and the others, after sizing up a few people for a couple of seconds, he said with a cold smile, “I have been observing a few of you for half a day now, and just now, with my soldiers, what is the point of inquiring about so many things? Could it be that you guys want to make trouble in this Fox Emperor City?”
“Let me tell you, now Fox Imperial City is completely under the control of our Xiao Imperial Dynasty, if you want to make trouble, you’d better weigh …… it up.”
When Bai Qian heard this, she hurriedly explained, “I think you’ve misunderstood, I’m the Queen of this Fox Imperial City, I’m very grateful to you guys for helping me retake the Fox Imperial City, but I didn’t agree to let you guys control it!”