Chen Ping did not know, where Daoist Wuji was going to take himself to, and could only follow behind!
Arriving in front of the large mountain, Daoist Wuji gently waved his palm, and a light door instantly appeared in front of the mountain!
After walking into the door of light, Chen Ping directly froze!
Because he saw that within that mountain, there was actually a city!
The people living in this city were all demonic cultivators, all saved by Daoist Master Wuji!
Seeing Daoist Master Wuji arrive, many devil cultivators came forward to greet him, after all, Daoist Master Wuji was their saviour!
“Daoist Master, this …… all these devil cultivators were saved by you?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise!
“Not bad, these are all demonic cultivators who suffered from the pursuit and were saved by me!”
Daoist Wuji nodded!
Chen Ping was very emotional inside, and he became even more in awe of Daoist Master Wuji!
“Mr Chen, Mr Chen ……”
At this time, someone suddenly .. shouted loudly for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping turned his head to look, and when he saw the person who shouted at him, he instantly froze, his eyes filled with incredulity!
“Hall Master Song, why are you here as well?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!
It turned out that the person who had called out to Chen Ping was the Soulless Hall Master Song Tianhai who had betrayed the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Song Tianhai had been following Chen Ping, who had arranged for them to be in the Blood Spirit Valley, following Luo Shouhai and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the others!
After all, in that area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the Demon Sealing Alliance was the weakest and had the most demonic cultivators, in which case the Soulless Hall would be able to avoid the pursuit of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
But now that Song Tian Hai had appeared here, did that mean that Blood Spirit Valley had also suffered a siege from the Demon Fencing Alliance?
One must know that the people in the Blood Spirit Valley were all Chen Ping’s close friends!
If the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance dared to touch the Blood Spirit Valley, Chen Ping would not mind completely eradicating the Demon Sealing Alliance right now!
“Mr Chen, I was also chased by the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance, and luckily I was saved by Daoist Wuji before I came here.”
Song Tianhai walked over and said!
“What about the Blood Spirit Valley? What happened to Lord Luo Valley, and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man and the others?”
Chen Ping asked anxiously!
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, I was just out on an errand and was discovered by the Demon Sealing Alliance and was chased down, I was rescued here by Taoist Master Wuji.”
“The Blood Spirit Valley should be fine, the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance can’t reach into the Heavenly Demon Mountain for the time being now!”
Song Tianhai said to Chen Ping!
“That’s good!”Chen Ping let out a sigh of relief, “When two days pass, I will take you out of here and back to Blood Spirit Valley!”
“Mr Chen, this place is quite good, I don’t want to go back, although the forces of that Demon Sealing Alliance can’t reach into the Heavenly Demon Mountain for the time being, sooner or later, the Heavenly Demon Mountain will fall as well, it’s safer for me to stay here!”
Song Tian Hai didn’t want to go back, if he went back to the Blood Spirit Valley, sooner or later, the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance would go to the Blood Spirit Valley!
“Don’t worry, after two days, the Celestial Realm will no longer have the Demon Sealing Alliance as an organisation, and you won’t have to live in hiding!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“The Demon Sealing Alliance is overthrown?”Song Tianhai asked in shock!
“Not yet, but it will be soon, I plan to destroy the Demon Sealing Alliance in the next two days.”Chen Ping said!
Song Tian Hai sized up Chen Ping and said with some disbelief, “Mr Chen, although your strength has grown very quickly and you have now reached the Second Grade of the Mahayana Realm, it is not that simple to exterminate the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Let’s not talk about how strong Zuo Tianzheng, the leader of the Demon Sealing Alliance, is, but we should know that there are other even more powerful forces backing that Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“When I was imprisoned in the Demon Sealing Alliance before, I vaguely heard that the forces behind the Demon Sealing Alliance were terrifying!”
Song Tianhai didn’t know that the power behind the Demon Sealing Alliance was the Ten Temples!
It was estimated that with his status, he didn’t even necessarily know what the Ten Temples were!
“Don’t worry, I know the forces behind that Demon Sealing Alliance, I’ll just uproot them when the time comes!”
Chen Ping smiled and patted Song Tianhai’s shoulder!
Song Tian Hai looked at Chen Ping half-heartedly, and then looked at that Wuji Daolord, and seemed to understand something and said, “If there is Wuji Daolord’s help, perhaps it is really possible to exterminate that Demon Sealing Alliance ……”