After examining it, Zhong Yi also looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
Chen Wenliang was even frowning, incredulously saying, “Fellow Daoist Chen, did you refine this Dan wrongly, how did you refine a poisonous Dan?”
“This Dan is extremely poisonous, I’m afraid that there is no cure, what is your intention in giving Imperial Prince Xiao to even use a poisonous Dan? Are you trying to plunge our many Apothecary Guilds into a place of unkindness and injustice, so that the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty will hate us forever?”
Su Tianshuo stared angrily at Chen Ping and questioned loudly!
Wow!
Upon hearing that it was really a poison pill, all the pharmacists were filled with shock, they did not understand, what was Chen Ping up to?
If one did not know how to cure a disease and did not see through the cause of the disease, then one would casually refine some irrelevant pills and take them, they could not be cured or eaten!
This directly refining a highly poisonous elixir, what was this about?
Could it be that Chen Ping had an issue with someone from the Xiao Dynasty?
Xiao Yuanshan’s face was already hard to see, and there was a strong killing intent in his expression!
Although he had overheard the conversation between his son and Chen Ping, he had never thought that Chen Ping would actually dare to refine a poison pill for his son!
“Kid, what exactly are your intentions?”
Xiao Yuanshan coldly questioned Chen Ping!
“Intentions?”Chen Ping smiled faintly, “Of course I want to cure your son’s illness, that is my intentions.”
“Hmph, you refined poisonous pills for my son and you dare to say that it’s a cure?”
“I think you just want to harm my son, although I, Xiao Yuanshan, never kill innocents indiscriminately, but you must die today!”
Xiao Yuanshan’s face was filled with anger, and that terrifying killing aura filled his body!
The surrounding crowds all changed their faces drastically and fled towards the distance!
“Emperor Xiao, I think Fellow Daoist Chen must have caused this by mistake, he has no reason to harm Emperor Xiao.”
“There should be some kind of misunderstanding here, right?”
Seeing this, Chen Wenliang hurriedly persuaded Xiao Yuanshan!
With Xiao Yuanshan’s strength, he was afraid that with a flick of his hand, Chen Ping would be reduced to ashes!
“Father, this was my idea, it has nothing to do with other people, and even less to do with this little pharmacist, don’t kill him.”
At this time, Xiao Feng, who was in the middle of the iron cage, spoke up!
He had requested Chen Ping to refine the poison pill, and now that his own father had discovered it and wanted to kill Chen Ping, he could not just sit back and do nothing!
When the crowd heard Xiao Feng’s words, they were all stunned, and then they understood what was going on!
No one had thought that this was actually something that Xiao Feng had asked for himself!
It seemed that Xiao Feng had also been tortured and wanted to die!
After all, being locked up in an iron cage and chained up, what is the point of living your life like this!
It would be better to die!
It was probably because Chen Ping could not heal Xiao Feng at all, and Xiao Feng had this kind of request, that Chen Ping agreed!
“Son, why are you so stupid? I’ve said it before, no matter the ends of the earth, I will definitely heal you.”
“You are only temporarily losing your freedom, why are you seeking death?”
“Even if it was you who asked for it, and this brat actually dared to refine poisonous pills for you, I can’t let him go!”
Xiao Yuanshan of course knew that it was his son who had requested it, after all, he had heard the conversation between Chen Ping and Xiao Feng clearly!
“Father, if you really feel sorry for me, let me die, I’m really in too much pain, too much pain ……”
Xiao Feng said with a painful expression!
Immediately after, Xiao Feng’s eyes suddenly became blood red, and he violently opened his mouth wide, the breath on his body instantly exploding!
A kind of mournful hissing was emitted from his mouth!
The entire person fell into a frenzy and continuously shook the iron cage!
“Let me out, let me out ……”
Xiao Feng hissed as the entire person was like a monster!
Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned, they didn’t expect Xiao Feng to be so terrifying when he had a fit!