“General Qian has done a great job, when he returns, he will be heavily rewarded!”
“As for that Demon Sealing Alliance, ignore them, as long as they dare to touch our Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s people, kill them without pardon ……”
Xiao Yuanshan nodded in satisfaction!
It seemed that this General Qian had thought it through, fearing that the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance would once again make a move against the Fox Imperial City!
However, Xiao Yuanshan knew that since he wanted to protect Chen Ping, he would definitely follow the Demon Sealing Alliance into conflict, but Xiao Yuanshan was not afraid!
If the Demon Sealing Alliance was able to develop its power throughout the Celestial Realm, there would definitely be a high level of support behind it!
Xiao Yuanshan was able to control such a huge Xiao Dynasty in the Celestial Realm, wouldn’t he have someone behind him?
If he really followed the Demon Sealing Alliance to create a large-scale conflict, those in the Celestial Realm would definitely step in!
Rumble …………
At this time, a sudden thunderbolt struck down fiercely!
The house that Chen Ping was in was instantly smashed to pieces, and that thunder tribulation struck Chen Ping’s body, but Chen Ping did not move at all!
At the same time, above Chen Ping’s head, a figure, if any, slowly appeared, this was another Chen Ping, Chen Ping’s True Fire Dharma Body slowly appeared from the Sea of Consciousness, also enduring the Heavenly Lightning Tribulation!
This kind of lightning tribulation could also make Chen Ping’s True Fire Dharma Body more solid, after the True Fire Dharma Body was completely solid, then Chen Ping could have a true and genuine split body!
Even if his physical body was destroyed, he didn’t need to have any worries, because this True Fire Dharma Body was solidified, and it became a body with flesh and blood!
Chen Ping could use the True Fire Dharma Body to resurrect over at any time, which was equivalent to having an extra life!
Rumble ……
Another thunderbolt struck down!
It was unknown how long it had been, and it was unknown how many thunder tribulations had struck down, but none of them had caused any harm to Chen Ping!
To know, there are many cultivators who died under the thunderbolt, crossing the thunderbolt is very dangerous, the higher the strength, the more powerful the thunderbolt is!
However, Chen Ping looked as if the lightning tribulation was just tickling him!
Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, and the True Fire Dharma Body instantly entered Chen Ping’s body!
“Whew, this lightning tribulation seems to be much easier than before!”
Chen Ping himself had a feeling as if the lightning tribulation was not as powerful!
“Your True Fire Dharma Body has helped you block the lightning tribulation, so of course you feel relaxed yourself.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“What? True Fire Dharma Body?”Chen Ping was slightly stunned and hurriedly looked at the True Fire Dharma Body in his sea of consciousness, he found that the originally illusory True Fire Dharma Body had actually solidified quite a bit at this moment, and he could really see some of the body details!
“Mr Chen, congratulations, congratulations on crossing the seventh grade realm of the Tribulation Realm!”
Xiao Yuanshan walked towards Chen Ping and congratulated him!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, got up and laughed, “I just crossed the seventh grade of the Tribulation Realm, there’s nothing to show off.”
“Fellow Daoist Chen, your Transition Realm Seventh Grade, I’m afraid it’s comparable to a Mahayana Realm First Grade cultivator.”
Zhen Yuandao also stepped forward at this time and said!
“More than that, the current Fellow Daoist Chen, when he encounters a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm cultivator, he would probably be able to beat the sh*t out of a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm cultivator!”
Zhong Sense unexpectedly flattered Chen Ping as well!
During this period of time, Zhong Emotion did follow Chen Ping and became much more familiar with him, and had seen Chen Ping’s strength, so this was not exactly flattery, but rather the truth!
“Emperor Xiao, how long have I been cultivating?”
Chen Ping asked!
After all, when one was cultivating, one had long forgotten about time, and some cultivators closed their doors for years, even decades!
Chen Ping was afraid that he had been cultivating for too long and missed the time for the match with Mu Qing, in that case, Mu Qing would definitely think that Chen Ping had wimped out, and at that time, the Mu Clan would still be looking for trouble from the Guanghan Palace!
“Mr Chen, you’ve been cultivating for five days now, I didn’t expect to be able to make a breakthrough in such a short period of time.”
“Then the matter of the Fox Imperial City, General Qian has already taken care of it, and the Feng Family has been destroyed, so Mr Chen doesn’t need to worry about it.”
Xiao Yuanshan thought that Chen Ping was worried about the matter of Fox Emperor City!