Chen Ping re-transformed back and continued, “That Qi Peijia must have joined forces with other people and used this technique to change into my likeness and then was planting evidence to frame me.”
“The Five Sons of the Human Jie were indeed killed by that Qi Peijia, so he also had the storage bag of the Five Sons of the Human Jie on him, and then used the storage bag to frame me.”
This time, Patriarch Luo was a little uncertain, after all, he had just seen with his own eyes that Chen Ping had quickly turned into another person!
If the other party was like this at that time, how could they possibly discover it!
“Patriarch Luo, didn’t you say that a few of the Three Emperors and Four Kings helped Mr Chen to kill the Five Sons of the Human Jade?”
“Now you can get all those people here, won’t you know once you ask them, the Three Emperors and Four Kings in the Beast Race are also considered to be dignified figures, it should be impossible for them to lie, right?”
Sheng Bushi asked Patriarch Luo to find all the other people among the Three Emperors and Four Kings of the Beast Clan and ask them!
“There’s no need to find them, they’re right here.”
After Patriarch Luo finished speaking, he glanced at Hai Dafu and said, “Patriarch Hai, go bring a few of the Three Emperors and Four Kings ……”
Soon, the Lion King few were brought to the hall!
Seeing Bai Qian and the others, the Lion King’s few people were also a bit surprised!
Especially seeing the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast in Fire Phoenix’s arms, the Lion King was filled with doubt!
One had to know that only in his territory were there Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts!
“How did you few get here?”
Bai Shao asked in surprise!
“Don’t mention it, the people from these five great sects, they had to say that we killed their Human Jie Five Sons and captured us here.”
“There’s nothing to complain about when you’re not as skilled as others, but when our Beast Clan develops, this debt will definitely be recovered after the five great clans.”
The Thousand-faced Demon King had a helpless face!
Who let them be less skilled than others, they couldn’t beat the five great clans and could only be captured!
“You guys are too much, do you really think that our Beast Clan is easy to bully?”
“Since this is the case, then don’t blame us, the entire Beast Clan, for going to war with your five great clans.”
Bai Qian was very angry!
Don’t look at the fact that usually, the few of them often disliked each other, and no one looked down on anyone!
But when someone targeted the Beast Race like this, they would definitely unite!
After all, the Beast Race was just a lot weaker than the Human Race, and even in this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the Beast Race Divine Sense was weaker than even the Demon Race!
Now that they were being treated unfairly, of course they had to unite against it!
“Fox Imperial Maiden, don’t get excited, we just invited a few of them over to ask questions.”
Seeing this, Patriarch Luo knew that there might be a genuine misunderstanding, so he hurriedly said!
If the beast clans really united to make a move against their five great clans!
Then the consequences would be unimaginable!
“Bullsh*t, inviting us to talk and locking us up for days.”
“Have you guys invited us like this?Either you guys kill a few of us now, or it’s not over.”
The Monkey King stormed out!
“Monkey, having a backbone, auntie gives you credit.”
Seeing that the Monkey King was tough, Fire Phoenix gave a thumbs up!
One must know that in the past, when the Monkey King was still a small monkey, he was often bullied and was very timid!
Seeing Fire Phoenix praising himself, the Monkey King instantly grinned and said, “Thanks for the compliment, Auntie ……”
The people from the five great clans were confused.
One must know that the Monkey King was a figure amongst the three emperors and four kings of the Beast Clan, and to be called auntie like this, he was not even angry!
The people from the five great clans all looked towards Fire Phoenix, very curious about her identity!
After all, Fire Phoenix’s realm didn’t look very high, she hadn’t even reached the Transition Realm yet!
“Misunderstanding, it must be a misunderstanding, it seems like we all fell for that Qi Peijia’s trick.”
“I also hope that all of you will calm down, if we really fight, we’re bound to lose both.”
Sheng Bushi hurriedly acted as a peacemaker!
Patriarch Luo could also see that they had indeed misunderstood, the Five Sons of the People’s Jie should not have been killed by Chen Ping and a few fellows from the Three Emperors and Four Kings!