Listening to the words of the Formation Devil, Chen Ping was puzzled and said, ‘Could it be that this Spirit Wine, is not considered a good thing for the two seniors?’
Upon hearing this, the Formation Devil looked at the Divine Ripple Ancestor, then laughed out loud and said, ‘Of course this Spirit Wine is of no use to us, what we need for our cultivation is Immortal Qi, not Spirit Qi. ’
‘Although this Celestial Realm’s spiritual qi is abundant, there is very little Immortal qi, otherwise it would not have been possible for the two of us to be trapped in the Celestial Realm for so many years.’
After Chen Ping heard this, he could sort of be convinced that both of them were from the Celestial Realm!
However, although there was not much Immortal Qi in this Celestial Realm, Chen Ping had encountered quite a few of them, especially at the ruins of the Wuji Sacred Sect, where there was still Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid!
That was a pool of Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid, wouldn’t it be crazy happy if this was given to two people!
It was a pity that in the end, Chen Ping did not get those Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquids either, they were all absorbed by the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch!
‘Kid, this talent of yours is the best that I have ever seen, if you cultivate diligently, you will definitely be able to become a formation powerhouse in the future.’
‘But on the path of cultivation, remember to be impatient, you need to progress slowly and gradually.’
‘Although you don’t worship me as your teacher, the divine patterns I have learnt will factor in to be passed on to you.’
‘If there is anything you do not understand, feel free to ask.’
The Divine Pattern Ancestor said to Chen Ping.
‘I won’t be able to teach you the Demonic Patterns for now, wait until you have fully mastered the Divine Patterns, then come back and learn the Demonic Patterns from me, we won’t be leaving this place anyway!’
The Formation Demon also opened his mouth and said to Chen Ping!
‘Many thanks to the two seniors, I just have one thing I don’t know, I don’t know why the two seniors are trapped in the Celestial Realm?’
Chen Ping was curious, how could two people from the Celestial Realm be trapped?
Like the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, he was the one whose physical body was destroyed, leaving his residual soul hiding in the Celestial Realm with no way to return to the Celestial Realm!
There was also the Blood Demon, Wind Demon, and the rest of them, all of them were left with remnant souls that were suppressed!
However, looking at the Formation Demon and the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor, the two of them did not look like remnant souls that had seized their physical bodies, if they were the original bodies, how could they have been trapped?
Old Ancestor Divine Ripple knew what Chen Ping was going to ask, so he let out a bitter smile and said, ‘The two of us are not the only ones trapped in the Celestial Realm, there should be quite a few more people from the Celestial Realm.’
‘The God-Devil War back then was exceptionally brutal, how many Immortals and Devils fell, there were also many Beast Race Great Immortals who died tragically in this Celestial Realm as well.’
‘This one Celestial Realm, I don’t know how many people died, so you can imagine the entire universe world, how many people fell for this.’
‘We were also heavily injured back then because of the great battle, plus someone had laid down a great heaven and earth formation in the Celestial Realm, making it so that everyone in the Celestial Realm had no way in returning to the Celestial Realm.’
The Divine Ripple Ancestor explained!
‘Elder, what exactly is going on in that God-Devil War? And who laid down this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation?’
‘You have to know that these people who are trapped, there are both Immortals and Demons, if it was a demonic powerhouse who laid the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, he couldn’t have trapped even their own demonic people, could he?’
‘But if it was done by a certain Immortal Elder, then why did he seal these Immortals?’
Chen Ping was wondering what kind of person had done this!
Could it be that the person who laid down the Heaven and Earth Formation did not belong to any of the Immortals or Demons?
Or perhaps this person was the one who provoked the God-Devil war and created turmoil, he did not belong to any side and was just using this to reshuffle the Heavenly Realm!
‘How would I know who it is, as for what the Divine-Demon War was about, I can’t say for sure, but now that I think about it, the Divine-Demon War is more like a conspiracy.’
‘It’s a pity that so many years have passed, even if it was a conspiracy, what can we do, nowadays we can’t even return to the Heavenly Realm.’
‘Only by breaking open this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation will we have a chance to return to the Heavenly Realm.’
The Divine Ripple Ancestor said.
‘Then who can break open this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation?’
Chen Ping asked!
‘You, the future you, right now you can’t break it, but in the future you can definitely break it ……’
The Divine Ripple Old Ancestor pointed at Chen Ping and said!