“Liu Xueyi, if you dare to disrespect Mr Chen again, don’t blame me for being impolite ……”
Luo Xi looked at that Liu Xueyi with an angry face!
Liu Xueyi saw that Luo Xi was angry, so he collected himself a bit and said, “Junior sister, a human cultivator, why are you guys so afraid of him? If this were anywhere else, it would be fine if you guys were afraid of a human cultivator.”
“This is the Heavenly Demon Mountain, our demon race’s territory, what are you guys afraid of him for?”
Liu Xueyi couldn’t figure out why Jin Dong and Luo Xi should be afraid of Chen Ping, who was nothing more than a single human cultivator who had just stepped into the Transition Realm!
“Senior brother Liu, let’s just go, I feel like I’m losing my value when I stand with the human cultivators.”
“Yeah, it’s just a small cultivator who just broke through the Transition Realm, but he also dares to follow Senior Brother Liu to grab things.”
“I think the people from the Blood Spirit Valley are on the wrong medication, calling out to the human cultivators with one mouthful of Mr Chen.”
The few demonic cultivators who followed Liu Xueyi said with mockery!
“Shut up, if the few of you dare to talk nonsense, believe it or not I’ll waste you?”
Jin Dong pulled out his weapon with an angry face!
Seeing this, the few demonic cultivators also hurriedly took up their stance, causing the people around them to hide to the side!
“Jin Dong, what kind of a thing are you, daring to speak to our Blood Spirit Peak’s people like that?”
Liu Xueyi looked at Jin Dong with disdain!
“You ……” Jin Dong frowned and was about to make a move!
But Chen Ping reached out and stopped Jin Dong!
“You’re no match for him, don’t be reckless!”
Chen Ping could see that this Liu Xueyi’s strength had reached the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, Jin Dong and Luo Xi were not opponents at all!
Seeing Chen Ping stopping Jin Dong, the corner of Liu Xueyi’s mouth lifted up and said, “It seems that your boy still has some eyesight, now give me that clock and I won’t make things difficult for you.”
“I said, I got my hands on the clock first, why should I give it to you?”
Chen Ping asked disdainfully!
Liu Xueyi froze, then said with a cold face, “Good boy, it seems that if I don’t let you eat your bitterness, you really don’t know how powerful I am ……”
Liu Xueyi said, reaching out to grab the clock!
In his opinion, for his own Transition Realm fourth grade cultivator to rob Chen Ping, a young cultivator who had just stepped into the Transition Realm, would be the same as an adult robbing a child!
Although there were rules that the Heavenly Demon Mountain could not have private fights right now, but Liu Xueyi felt that he was robbing something and it was not considered a private fight!
Chen Ping’s figure stepped back and said coldly, “This is the second time, if you in dare to rob for the third time, all the consequences are your own responsibility ……”
Chen Ping did not want to go against the rules of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, after all, he had come to the Divine Demon Battlefield in search of treasure and did not want to think about conflict!
If he did not have the means to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield because he made a move at the Heavenly Demon Mountain, then it would be more than worth the loss!
“Holy sh*t, you kid is still pretending to be on, I’d like to see what consequences there are ……”
This time, Liu Xueyi slapped his palm towards Chen Ping!
This was clearly not grabbing something, but rather making a move towards Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, be careful ……”
Seeing this, Jin Dong hurriedly reminded Chen Ping!
Luo Xi, on the other hand, shouted, “Liu Xueyi, how dare you break the rules and make a move in the Xuan Yin Sect?”
“I’m just taking back my own things, where’s the point of making a move!”
Liu Xueyi sophistically argued!
Liu Xueyi slapped his palm on Chen Ping’s body, and just a moment after Liu Xueyi touched Chen Ping, the corner of his mouth hooked into a smile.
With this palm of his, Chen Ping would become a waste even if he didn’t die, daring to follow him to grab something, this was the end!
The others watched as well, the result of a Transition Realm 4th Grade cultivator hitting a Transition Realm 1st Grade cultivator with a slap was obvious!
But soon, the crowd realised that something was wrong, because that Liu Xueyi slapped his palm on Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping did not even react in the slightest!
The body didn’t even shake a little!