Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly closed and he was holding his breath, putting all his attention on the alchemy!
The ten thousand year old He Shou Wu slowly and surprisingly turned into liquid under the burning of the spirit fire, and a pleasant fragrance came out from inside that Shen Nong Cauldron!
Time flies ……
In the blink of an eye, three days have pa*sed, and at this moment the Shennong Cauldron is beginning to emit a bright and glittering light!
The light was becoming more and more prevalent, and even the entire hotel seemed to be wrapped in this radiant light!
Sensing the aura emanating from inside Chen Ping’s room, both Hu Ma Zi and Jiang Wei were all shocked!
And that Zheng An Guo of the Zheng family, upon seeing the hotel vision, hurriedly brought Zheng Kai towards the hotel!
“Dad, what is that? Why did a vision appear in the hotel all of a sudden?”
Zheng Kai asked Zheng An Guo on the way.
“This should be a divine elixir coming out, it must be Mr. Chen refining the elixir with that 10,000 year old He Shou Wu ……”
Zheng An Guo said excitedly.
Zheng An Guo followed Zheng Kai and quickened his pace, while at this time inside the hotel, Hu Ma Zi followed Jiang Wei was guarding the outside of Chen Ping’s room, waiting quietly!
Buzz …………
Suddenly, the divine Nong Cauldron inside Chen Ping’s room emitted a buzzing sound, followed by a radiance that shot out in all directions!
The multicoloured light instantly shot up into the clouds, a strange sight that caused many people to stop and watch, wondering what was happening!
At this moment, on a hill not far from the South Lake, Ning Zhi looked at this sudden vision of South Lake City, his face full of gloom!
After escaping from South Lake, Ning Zhi did not leave, he was waiting for news from Song Qingping, the next step was to go to Penglai Island, because they had already set a trap on Penglai Island!
If Chen Ping went to Penglai Island, then this trap would be able to deal with Chen Ping, and also use the opportunity of the revival of the aura to bring the Blood Demon back to life!
If Chen Ping did not go to Penglai Island, then this trap was to deal with the other clans, and they would not stand by and watch the other clans occupy Penglai Island.
“What the hell is this thing?”
Ning Zhi looked at the vision with a puzzled expression!
“A divine elixir has come out, it must be that Chen Ping, I never thought that ten thousand year old medicinal herbs would be able to practice a divine elixir when they came into his hands ……”
The demonic envoy inside Ning Zhi slowly said.
“Divine Pill?” Ning Zhi was bewildered, he didn’t know much about pills, and even less about what a divine elixir was!
“A divine elixir is a heavenly ranked elixir, and one must know that the higher the rank of the elixir, the more difficult it is to refine it, and the more demanding the furnace required.”
“I never thought that this Chen Ping would be able to refine a divine elixir, and the main thing is how he has an elixir furnace capable of refining a divine elixir.”
“The secrets in this Chen Ping’s body are really growing, let’s hope that this time when the aura recovers, we can completely get rid of him as a hidden danger.”
The devil amba*sador’s voice carried a bit of worry!
“Senior, that Chen Ping has the help of an expert by his side, so I’m afraid it will be difficult for us to get rid of that Chen Ping, right?”
At this moment, Ning Zhi had quite a bit of fear in his heart after the battle he had fought a few days ago, as every time he had followed Chen Ping in a battle, it had always ended in defeat.
“You’re afraid?”
The devil amba*sador asked.
“I …………”
Ning Zhi didn’t know how to answer, but now the kind of ambition Ning Zhi used to have was beginning to waver as he was defeated by Chen Ping time and time again.
“Hmph, didn’t you just fail a few times? How dare you have fear in your heart, you are too much of a waste, thanks to your Inferno Demon body, when you bring your physique into full play, you won’t have to be afraid.”
“And this time, I’ve already informed the Black Gold Robe, they’ve come back to send help.”
The devil amba*sador snorted coldly.
When Ning Zhi saw that the Black Gold Robes had been sent out, his eyes were instantly filled with hope, knowing that the Black Gold Robes were all at the Martial Saint level, and if the Black Gold Robes were sent out, then Chen Ping would have no choice but to be meekly captured.