He wondered how this Wordless Book of Heaven could appear in words when it came into the hands of this statue.
Could it be that this book originally belonged to this place, to the owner of this statue?
Looking at the Wordless Heavenly Book that was emitting light, Chen Ping wanted to see what was written on it!
So he took the Wordless Heavenly Book out of the statue’s hands!
But when the Wordless Heavenly Book was taken down, he found that the words on it had simply disappeared!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly put the Wordless Book of Heaven back into the statue’s hand again!
This time the words on the Wordless Heavenly Book reappeared in a dense ma*s of characters!
Now, Chen Ping could only lean on the statue and then carefully read the contents of the Wordless Book of Heaven!
But just as Chen Ping was leaning on the statue and carefully examining the contents of the Wordless Heavenly Book, Chen Ping’s body actually emitted a faint light and a seemingly non-existent shadow slowly entered the statue!
Chen Ping himself seemed to be unaware of anything and was still concentrating on the contents of the Wordless Heavenly Book!
When Chen Ping finished reading one page and turned to the next, the page in front of him simply disappeared!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, and before he could react, the Wordless Heavenly Book in front of him unexpectedly began to become deflated, as if it was about to disappear at any moment!
At this moment, Chen Ping became anxious and hurriedly focused his memory as his eyes flew past the Wordless Heavenly Book!
As Chen Ping continued to memorise the contents of the Wordless Heavenly Book, the shape of a book slowly appeared in Chen Ping’s mind!
Just as Chen Ping was concentrating and focusing all his attention on the Wordless Heavenly Book!
From the bodies of Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru, a transparent shadow slowly flew out, and when the shadow broke away from their bodies, it was instantly absorbed by the surrounding statues!
After absorbing the shadow, the statue flickered with a faint light, but it soon disappeared.
Along with the void leaving their bodies, Su Yuqi and the girls all recovered, and the abnormalities within their bodies all disappeared!
“Sister Yuqi ……”
Xiao Ru let out a long breath and then ran towards Su Yuqi.
“Xiao Ru, are you alright?”
Su Yuqi asked as she turned to Xiao Ru.
“It’s fine ……” Xiao Ru shook her head!
The two looked at Wu Mei’er and found that at this moment, Wu Mei’er was also back to normal.
“Sister Mei’er, why are your clothes so messy?”
Xiao Ru saw that Wu Mei’er’s clothes were in a mess, as if they had been taken off!
“I don’t know what’s going on either ……”
Wu Mei’er said as she straightened her clothes!
“This cave is really strange, when I just walked into it, I felt like I had walked into a big furnace, with roaring flames all around me.”
Su Yuqi said with a slight frown.
“Me too, it was like walking into an ice cave, there was frost everywhere, it was terribly cold!”
Xiao Ru followed suit.
“Mei’er, when you walked into the cave just now, what did you see?”
At this time, Su Yuqi looked at Wu Mei’er and asked.
“I …………”
Wu Mei’er opened her mouth, but didn’t say anything!
She couldn’t say that what she saw was something that made people blush as men and women were having sex, right?
Seeing that Wu Mei’er was blushing and it was hard to say anything, Su Yuqi seemed to have guessed something!
“It seems that the weirdness of this cave is based on the special physique of a few of us.”
“Xiao Ru is an ice crystal, so when she entered the cave she saw frost and felt cold!”
“And I’m a fire spirit body, so what I saw when I entered the cave was flame and felt hot!”
Su Yuqi carefully analyzed!
“What about sister Mei’er? She is a natural charm body, what would she see?”
“Could it be that what she saw was …………”
Xiao Ru didn’t finish, but looked at Wu Mei’er in surprise!
Su Yuqi also looked at Wu Mei’er with a questioning gaze, she wanted to know if her guess was right.
Feeling Xiao Ru and Su Yuqi’s gaze, Wu Mei’er could only nod with a red face, “After I entered the cave, what I saw was exactly what you guys thought ……”