“Mr. Chen, did something happen? Did you get kicked out of the trial?”
Zhao Wuji asked in a rush.
Chen Ping had returned so quickly, and in Zhao Wuji’s mind, he thought that Guo Wei had found an excuse to drive Chen Ping back.
“No, the trial is over!”
Chen Ping shook his head.
“It’s over?” Zhao Wuji was stunned, “So soon?”
Chen Ping took a sip of water, then told Zhao Wouji after what happened in the ancient tomb, hearing Zhao Wouji’s eyes widen and his mouth could swallow an egg.
“Mr. Chen, you …… you beat up Councilor Guo?”
Zhao Wuji said with a face full of shock.
“That Guo Wei obviously favoured the Long family and robbed me, so of course I had to beat him up.”
Chen Ping said unconcernedly.
“Bad, bad, I’ll have to go and talk to Mr. Shi about this, these guys from the Martial Alliance are all small-minded, if you beat up that Guo Wei this time, he definitely won’t be willing to give up.”
Zhao Wuji had a nervous look on his face and then left, he was going to go and report back to Mr. Shi.
Right now, relying on the name of the Dharma Guardian Pavilion alone, he couldn’t protect Chen Ping, only if Mr. Shi gave the word.
Seeing Zhao Wuji being so anxious for himself, Chen Ping was somewhat touched.
As Zhao Wuji walked back, Chen Ping went to his room and rested straight away, not caring about the matter of beating Guo Wei and Long Xiao.
…………
The Long family!
Long Jingguo looked at Long Xiao, who was almost disfigured, and felt heartbreaking pain inside.
“Is this how you guys protect the eldest young master?”
Long Jingguo roared angrily at Long Xingxu and the two Long Family Martial Sect experts.
“Family master, the situation at that time, we lost all our energy, we were no match for that Chen Ping, and I don’t know why, that suppression spell formation, it didn’t work on Chen Ping, Chen Ping’s power was not suppressed.”
Long Xingxu said with a trembling body.
Long Jingguo’s eyes faintly stared, “It seems that this fellow Chen Ping has definitely inherited his father’s bloodline, otherwise how else would such a thing happen.”
“Dad, who the hell is this fellow Chen Ping? Who is his father?”
Long Xiao asked to Long Jingguo.
“Xiao’er, you go and recuperate, there are some things, wait for some days, you will naturally understand, when I know the secret on that Chen Ping, our Long Family will become the number one family in Kyoto, and you will also become the most outstanding person in the young generation.”
Long Jingguo gently patted Long Xiao’s shoulder.
Long Xiao nodded and turned to rest, while Long Jingguo said to Long Xingxu, “You guys go down, what happened today must not be told to anyone.”
Long Jingguo could not afford to lose face, his son had been beaten up and almost disfigured, it was too humiliating to tell, but even if their Long family did not say anything, with so many clans and families present at the time, it would be impossible to conceal it.
Long Xingxu also left, while Long Jingguo walked to the backyard, while opening a mechanism and slowly walking in.
In the dimly lit dungeon, Long Ruotong was imprisoned inside. She had been locked up here for more than twenty years, and all the power in her body was sealed, and there was no way for her to escape from such a simple dungeon.
When she saw Long Jingguo coming, Long Ruotong slowly turned her head, not even looking at Long Jingguo.
The two were originally brother and sister, yet they had come to such a state!
“My good sister, I didn’t expect you to give birth to a son with a lot of guts to beat up Xiao’er, I came here today to tell you that you will soon be able to meet with your son, and if you still don’t say anything by then, I will make you mother and son go to the Yellow Springs together ……”
After Long Jingguo finished speaking, he reached out and took off a leather whip from the wall and whipped Long Ruotong’s body fiercely.
Long Ruotong gritted her teeth and didn’t say a word, she didn’t know how many severe beatings she had suffered over the years.
The more Long Ruotong was like this, the harder Long Jingguo beat her, he wanted to take out all the anger that Chen Ping had hurt Long Xiao on Long Ruotong, at this moment, Long Jingguo did not treat Long Ruotong as his sister at all.
If Long Ruotong didn’t have the secret he wanted to know in his mouth, Long Jingguo would have killed Long Ruotong long ago.