The Grand Elder nodded, and then walked carefully towards the front, and soon a misty formation pattern fluctuated up in front of the crowd!
After taking a deep breath, the Grand Elder stepped into the formation!
Everyone watched as the Grand Elder stepped into the formation, his silhouette becoming gradually blurred, and they all became nervous!
One must know that not long ago, Sheng Bushi had also entered the formation pattern, and in the end, he almost couldn’t get out and was injured!
However, this time, with Sheng Bushi’s experience, the Grand Elder took a step into the formation pattern, but there wasn’t much of a reaction!
One step, two steps, three steps!
The Grand Elder’s walk within the formation pattern seemed haphazard, but in fact, every step taken was meticulously calculated!
Seeing that the Grand Elder had gone deeper into the formation, Sheng Bushi’s eyes finally had a light in them!
“It seems that my projections were good, at this rate, I believe that the Grand Elder will soon be able to find where the eye of the formation is.”
Sheng Bushi said with great joy!
“Master, look at this array, the array pattern stretches for fear of hundreds of miles, it’s too huge, could it be that one person could break such a large array?”
Fire Phoenix asked with great curiosity!
“If the eye of the formation is found, even in a huge formation, it can be easily broken, only these people are wrong, they can’t break it.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, all the people of the Sheng family all looked over, Sheng Bushi’s face was even more gloomy, “Kid, do you know that such a huge formation, the fact that we were able to take a few steps in is enough to show that this piece is definitely where the formation eye is located, how dare you say that we are wrong?”
“Indeed wrong, if you don’t let the person inside hurry up and come out, in less than three sucks of time, he will definitely be injured.”
Chen Ping said with great certainty!
“Really?”Sheng Jiahui said with a shock!
Chen Ping nodded, but did not open his mouth!
Seeing this, Sheng Jiahui hurriedly said, “Dad, let the Grand Elder come out, Mr Chen shouldn’t be wrong, I’ve really seen his skills with my own eyes ……”
The Grand Elder who was in the middle of the formation at the moment had also heard Chen Ping’s words, and had a few doubts within his heart, his brows furrowed!
Sheng Bushi saw that the Grand Elder’s state of mind was even affected, so he angrily rebuked Sheng Jiahui, “Shut up, I’ve already travelled this road, nothing will happen, now we just need the Grand Elder to hold on, and we’ll be able to find out where the eye of the formation is!”
“Dad, you shouldn’t be risking the Grand Elder.”
Sheng Jiahui said anxiously!
“Shut up, if you speak, I’ll let your brother take you away ……”
Sheng Bushi was furious!
And at this moment, the Grand Elder’s breathing began to become heavy as he waved his palm and struck out a spell, deducing the location of the array eye!
Sheng Bushi also nervously watched the Grand Elder!
But just as the Grand Elder was about to take a step in, suddenly a piercing light shot out!
“Not good!”Sheng Boshi was startled and hurriedly shouted, “Great Elder, hurry up and come out ……”
But just as Sheng Bushi finished shouting, the Grand Elder’s entire body was like an autumn wind sweeping away the leaves, and was sent flying out with a loud bang, and the entire person instantly spat out a mouthful of blood in mid-air, before falling heavily outside the formation!
Seeing this scene, the Sheng Family’s crowd was dumbfounded and rushed up!
Sheng Bushi took out an elixir and hurriedly fed it to the Grand Elder!
The Grand Elder ate the elixir, the spiritual energy in his body smoothed out a bit, and let out a long breath, “Family Master, that formation is too strange, I obviously had no problem deducing it, but I didn’t expect to directly trigger the defence of the formation.”
“Ai, you and I both can’t find the eye of the formation, it seems that there is no way for us to get this treasure in front of us ……”
Sheng Bushi sighed!
Now that he and the Grand Elder were both injured, who else could break open this spell formation!
“It’s all my father’s fault for not listening to Mr Chen, if I had listened to Mr Chen and told the Grand Elder to come out quickly, it wouldn’t have caused the Grand Elder to be injured!”
Sheng Jiahui saw that the Grand Elder was injured, so she complained!