“It’s him, it’s that Chen Ping, who suddenly became crazy and outright stupid, and actually sat in the chairman’s position ……”
Cui Zhiyuan said as he pointed to Chen Ping who had made it to the chairman’s position.
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping, only to see that Chen Ping was grinning at himself!
“You say he’s brain damaged? Stupid?”
Su Yuqi asked as she looked at Cui Zhiyuan.
“Yes, I was just about to fire him, probably because he couldn’t stand the stimulation and suddenly his brain went bad ……”
Cui Zhiyuan nodded his head!
But just as Cui Zhiyuan’s words landed, I saw Su Yuqi slap Cui Zhiyuan’s face fiercely!
“I think it’s your brain that’s broken, right?”
After Su Yuqi finished speaking, she only saw that she walked towards Chen Ping and then sat down beside him!
This time, everyone was stunned and looked at Chen Ping and Su Yuqi in unison!
Cui Zhiyuan was even more dumbfounded!
“Let me introduce to you, this is the company’s Chairman Chen, from now on my chairmanship will be handed over to him, I hope that you can create another glory under the leadership of Chairman Chen ……”
Su Yuqi pointed at Chen Ping and said!
Chairman Chen?
At this moment, everyone was stunned, and then one by one, everyone in the sales department looked at Chen Ping with dumbfounded eyes!
Cui Zhiyuan’s eyes were even glazed over as he looked at Chen Ping with a smile on his face, his legs went limp and he fell to the ground!
Wang Lanlan was also so frightened that her face was instantly pale and her mouth was open, unable to speak!
Sun Xiaomeng was looking at Chen Ping, motionless as if she were a statue!
She finally knew who the woman driving Chen Ping was, it was the woman in front of her, Chairman Su!
Thinking about the gap between herself and others, Wang Han Han’s heart was like a painful needle stick.
Wang Han Han began to laugh at herself, at her own stupidity, at the fact that she was in such a state, and that she had the delusion that she could be boyfriend and girlfriend with Chen Ping!
Thinking back to Chen Ping’s help in settling her loan, to how easily Chen Ping got back the money owed by the company and how easily he took Tianmei’s contract, Wang Hanhan understood everything!
Compared to the dismay, shock and remorse of the sales department, the rest of the company’s executives applauded and welcomed Chen Ping to his post!
Zhang Tongjian in the corner, at this time the whole person clenched his fist tightly, he regretted really want to give himself two fierce punches, if he could insist on standing on Chen Ping’s side, insist on following Chen Ping’s group, then would he not have seized the great opportunity now?
But there were no ifs in the world, if you missed your chance, you missed it forever!
“Chen Ping, aren’t you going to follow everyone and say a few words?”
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping and said with a faint smile!
Everyone in the company looked at the way Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping and knew what their relationship was.
“There is nothing to talk about, everything will continue as usual in the other departments of the company, all go back to work, those in the sales department just stay ……”
After Chen Ping finished, all the other departments left one after another!
“Just wait and see, the sales department is going to be unlucky!”
“I do know that that Cui Zhiyuan has been targeting the current Chen Dong, I didn’t expect people to have connections and go to the sales department just to experience life.”
“The sales department is going to have a big earthquake, I guess many people are going to be fired ……”
Cui Zhiyuan, Wang Lanlan and the rest of the sales department, listening to the chatter of the other departments, each one trembling slightly!
Cui Zhiyuan’s face was ashen at this time, he knew he was finished, completely finished ……
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing.
After all, she hadn’t targeted Chen Ping much in the beginning!
But many people in the sales department, all looked at Wang Han Han for help, after all, the only one who followed Chen Ping well here, was Wang Han Han!