Wan Hong’s eyes twinkled, then he nodded, “Sir Zheng, I’ll go back with you, and when I see the Zheng Family Master, I’ll be sure to personally apologise.”
Wan Hong lowered his head, while Zheng Kai let his guard down and went straight forward with the intention of taking Wan Hong away!
But just as Zheng Kai took two steps forward, the corners of that Wan Hong’s mouth suddenly smiled, followed by a raise of his hand, and a white smoke instantly enveloped Zheng Kai!
Zheng Kai was shocked, his body instinctively stepped back, and then he held his breath as his palms came out in unison, and a terrifying wind roared up!
Zheng Kai knew that the white smoke that had suddenly appeared must be poisonous, he could not inhale it!
The strong wind blew away the white smoke, but at this moment Wan Hong had already reached Zheng Kai’s eyes, grabbed Zheng Kai’s shoulder and put his other hand against Zheng Kai’s back!
As soon as Wan Hong exerted his force, Zheng Kai’s internal organs would definitely be shattered, and he would then go straight to hell!
When the two Martial Marquis saw Zheng Kai being restrained by Wan Hong, their hearts were all shocked and their bodies leapt up towards him!
“Stop, if you don’t want your Grand Young Master to die, then be honest ……”
Wan Hong took control of Zheng Kai and shouted at the two Zheng Family’s Great Martial Marquis.
At this, the two Great Martial Marquis of the Zheng Family stopped their bodies and were left with no idea for a while.
Now that Zheng Kai was in the other party’s hands, there was no way for them to make a move!
When Wan Hong saw that the two Great Martial Marquises of the Zheng Family did not dare to make a move, the corners of his mouth lifted gently, then he began to control Zheng Kai and retreated backwards!
And the two Great Martial Marquises didn’t dare to follow, they could only watch anxiously from where they were!
Just when Wan Hong thought he could escape, someone suddenly shouted out at Wan Hong!
“Wan Hong ……”
Wan Hong instinctively glanced sideways, followed by a stare in his eyes!
“Hu Ma Zi?”
Wan Hong did not expect to see him here after not seeing him for many years.
“Wan Hong, I didn’t expect you to remember me, today you’ve been encountered by me, I’ll break you into pieces ……”
Hu Ma Zi gritted his teeth and said.
Wan Hong coldly laughed: “Hu Pocky, you were not my opponent before, and you still are not now, and you also do not believe why that Xiao Yu did not choose you back then, but ran away after me?”
When Hu Pocky heard this, his body trembled with anger, that tyrannical aura rising up from his body!
And when Chen Ping looked at Hu Pocky’s furious look, he knew that the Little Jade that Wan Hong was talking about must be Hu Pocky’s former girlfriend.
“Master Hu, that Wan Hong is obviously deliberately provoking you, and if you get angry, you’ll fall for it.”
“Besides that was decades ago, now you’ve played with more women than that Wan Hong has ever seen, I’m afraid!”
Chen Ping persuaded at Hu Ma Zi!
Hearing what Chen Ping said, Hu Pazzi’s anger subsided and he nodded, “You’re right, I’ve played with more women now than that fool has ever seen, and that was all in the past, I won’t be angry.”
Hu Pazzi, who had figured it out, looked at Wan Hong and said with the corner of his mouth raised, “Wan Hong, don’t you f*cking provoke me with your words, I have long seen through the red world, only today let me meet you, you are dead ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get your hands on a few charms and then throw them in your mouth and a few flames start burning in the air!
Immediately afterwards the flames began to string together, forming a network of fire, blocking Wan Hong’s retreat.
Seeing this, Wan Hong frowned slightly, “Hu Ma Zi, there is time to settle your grudge and mine, today I have no time to deal with you, get out of my way now or I will kill him ……”
Wan Hong used Zheng Kai as a shield, hoping that Pocky Hu would get out of the way!
But who knew that Pocky Hu coldly smiled: “You kill him, you kill him, it has nothing to do with me, I know who he is?”
Pocky Hu pretended that he didn’t know Zheng Kai at all.