Chen Ping didn’t want to talk too much about the Hermitage clan.
Ji Ru Xue smiled and greeted the two of them, Liu Xing and Liu Rui also smiled and nodded their heads!
“You two can take a look around the Dragon Sect now, and we’ll set off when I’ve made the arrangements!”
Chen Ping knew that the two were very curious about everything, so he gave them time to go around as they pleased!
Liu Xing and Liu Rui nodded and left, while Chen Ping went to check on Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu’s injuries!
“Brother, this Kyoto is really big, just this Dragon Sect is bigger than our Pure Yang Sect!”
Liu Rui looked at the Dragon Sect’s magnificent buildings and sighed with emotion!
“Although this Dragon Gate is so magnificent, don’t you find that all the people in the Dragon Gate are like wastes?”
“The strength is too low, just one disciple of our Pure Yang Sect can walk across the Dragon Sect!”
Although Liu Xing also felt that the environment and architecture of the Dragon Sect were very good, his arrogant nature would not admit it easily!
So he could only talk about his strength!
Seeing this, Liu Rui said nothing more, and the two of them walked on, admiring the view of Dragon Gate!
After examining the health of Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu, Chen Ping chartered a plane and flew to Qingcheng!
Originally, Chen Ping wanted to let Liu Xing and Liu Rui spend the day in Kyoto, but with Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu like that, Chen Ping had to make the best of it!
After settling down Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu, Chen Ping had to go to Ge Cang Sheng to attend the Secret World Conference!
Chen Ping knew very little about the clans in the Secret Realm, especially the strength of the clans in the Secret Realm!
Chen Ping knew that he would have to enter the Secret Realm sooner or later, so there was no harm in getting familiar with the families in the Secret Realm first!
Most importantly, Chen Ping wanted to meet the people of the Purple Sky Mansion.
After all, Chen Ping didn’t know the entrance to the secret realm where the Purple Heavenly Palace was located, so there was no way to enter and he couldn’t possibly find out about his mother!
He could only rely on the secret meeting to see if he could get some information.
The plane soon arrived in Qingcheng, and when Yue Buqun got the message, he sent someone to Qingcheng airport to pick up Chen Ping and the others.
Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu’s bones and tendons were broken, and although they were alive, they were immobile and could only be carried.
“Brother Chen Ping, where have we come from?”
Long Xingxu could not move, but he could still see and speak!
“This is the Pure Yang Clan, I will take you to take a dip in the rejuvenation spring, your bones will be healed by then.”
Chen Ping said to Long Xingxu!
“Regeneration Spring? What is this?”
Hu Ma Zi, who was standing by, asked.
“It’s a magical spring, you only need to soak in it for seventy-seven to forty-nine days, and you will be completely restored.”
“It took me a lot of effort to find this, so calm down, as long as I’m here, I’ll make you stand up again!”
Chen Ping a*sured Hu Pazi!
After liaising with Pao Yu-kun, Chen Ping took Hu Ma-zi and Long Xingxu straight to Regeneration Spring!
Yue Buqun also sent his disciples along to protect Chen Ping and the others!
The spring would take dozens of days to soak, so Bao Yu Kun had already withdrawn his men, so the task of guarding the spring was left to the Pure Yang Clan!
Chen Ping soaked Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu in the spring, while he himself jumped in, sinking his qi into his dantian, quietly feeling the flow of the spring and silently cultivating!