After Chen Ping and the others arrived at the Ge family, Ge Fuhai greeted Chen Ping respectfully, and even Ge Yuhan, who had not made any sound, was carefully served by Ge Fuhai!
Ge Jiayi looked at her father like this and was puzzled, she didn’t understand what was going on here with Ge Fuhai.
“Mr. Chen, please have a seat ……”
Ge Fuhai gave Chen Ping the seat of the head of his family to sit.
Chen Ping wanted to push back, but he saw that Ge Fuhai had already sat to the side.
Chen Ping had no choice but to sit in the family head’s seat, while Ge Yuhan was standing behind Chen Ping, motionless.
“Family Head Ge, what is it that you are looking for me here?”
Chen Ping asked.
Ge Fuhai glanced at Ge Jiayi: “Jiayi, go out for a moment!”
“Dad, what’s the matter that I can’t be allowed to hear?”
Ge Jiayi pouted her lips and asked in a very dissatisfied manner.
“Let you go out then go out, where come so many words ……”
Ge Fuhai’s face was cold!
Seeing this, Ge Jiayi could only walk out, while Ge Fuhai casually waved his hand, a space spell wrapped several people up!
Looking at Ge Fuhai’s nervous look, Chen Ping felt that there must be something important going on!
“Mr. Chen, the clan elders have sent word that now that the heaven and earth are in turmoil, it might not be far from a revival of spiritual energy, and all the major clans and families in the eight mysterious realms are jumping at the chance!”
“Nowadays, there are already quite a few clan lineages whose spokesperson families in the secular world have started to show their heads, these families have been dormant for so many years and suddenly show their heads at this time, that would mean that the pattern of the martial world is about to undergo a sea change.”
“If the aura really recovers, then the eight secret realms will collapse, and the clans and families in the secret realms will need to take control of resources and territory in the secular world in advance, the clan elder’s meaning is that he hopes that Mr. Chen can lay out now!”
“When the time really comes for the secret realm to collapse, the Ge family can, under Mr. Chen’s leadership, quickly occupy the resource-heavy land and seize the first opportunity ……”
Ge Fuhai’s words were hard for Chen Ping to digest for a while!
If the real secret realm collapsed and those sects and families that cultivated immortality in the secret realm returned to the secular world, wouldn’t the entire secular world be in chaos?
But what about the Martial World?
What about these people in the martial arts world?
You have to know that the Martial Dao Realm is not comparable to the Immortal Cultivation Realm after all.
“Clan Master Ge, if the secret realm really collapsed, wouldn’t there be no more Martial Dao Realm?”
Chen Ping asked.
Ge Fuhai smiled faintly, “Mr. Chen, even if the secret realm collapses and the clans and families that cultivate immortality return to the secular world, the Martial Dao Realm will not die out.”
“But at that time, the martial dao world would not be so prosperous, and the great clans of the martial dao world would just be reduced to the va*sals of the immortal cultivation clans!”
“Nowadays, in the martial dao world, many martial dao families also have the support of immortal cultivation families behind them, and they act as the spokespersons of these immortal cultivation families in the secular world!”
“There are very few immortal cultivation families that personally send people to station in the secular world like our Ge family, after all, doing so would weaken the family’s strength, and like these people in our Ge family now, their strength is suppressed, and there is no way to improve at all!”
“That’s why I let Jia Yi become a martial artist from a young age and didn’t let her practice immortal magic, if she did, she wouldn’t be able to raise much higher in this secular world at all.”
Listening to Ge Fuhai’s words, Chen Ping pondered, in this way, it seemed that he really had to focus on developing his own power and territory before he could do so.
All along, Chen Ping had no thoughts in this regard, he only thought of saving Su Yuqi , saving his mother.
As for starting a sect, Chen Ping had never thought about it!
Even for these halls in the Heavenly Dragon Hall, Chen Ping was in a scattered mode and basically rarely bothered about them.
Even for the Pill God Valley, although Chen Ping was the head of the valley, it was just a position, and he seldom took care of things, Xu Changsheng was the one who took care of it!