But Chen Ping didn’t move a muscle, his face was gloomy and frightening “It’s good that you’ve admitted it, where’s Ali and Yun’er and the others?”
“They have long since been eaten by the demon wolves with nothing but withered bones by now ……”
The man at the head of the group sneered!
“Impossible, Brother Ah Li and the others won’t die so easily!” Pillar growled bravely!
“Impossible?” The corner of the leader’s man’s mouth raised “No one who enters the demon wolf pack’s territory has ever been able to walk out ……”
“Originally, I thought I would find nothing today, but I didn’t expect to have you two to deliver!”
As the leader of the men finished speaking, the others surrounded Chen Ping and the pillar!
Pillar grabbed the corner of Chen Ping’s coat in fear, there were two of them and a dozen of the other side, it was obvious that they were at a disadvantage!
“It’s you who seek death, Tiandu won’t stay ……”
A murderous cold aura flashed through Chen Ping’s eyes as he grabbed Pillar’s long knife in his hand!
And the pillar had already set up his bow and shot arrows, ready for battle, since it was already like this, it was useless to be afraid.
Sensing Chen Ping’s murderous aura, the man at the head of the group also pulled out a knife and said with a cold snort, “You still want to resist? If you dare to resist, then you can go and find your brother Ali on the road to Yellow Springs!”
“You talk too much nonsense ……”
The long knife in Chen Ping’s hand suddenly swung, and the crowd only felt a flash of light before their eyes!
Immediately afterwards the man at the head of the group stood with his eyes wide open, motionless!
At this time, the forehead of the leader of the man, began to slowly flow out of blood, a side of the man saw, rushed forward to say “Brother, your forehead broke ……”
But the man said several times, but the leader of the man did not move, did not even blink!
The man at the side could only give him a gentle nudge to remind him!
But with this push, the leader fell to the ground, and his body fell in half, scattering his internal organs all over the place.
“Ah …………”
This sudden scene scared several people into screaming out in shock!
None of them had expected that Chen Ping would be so fast with his blade, and even more so, they hadn’t expected to split their big brother in half with a single slash!
“Avenge for big brother, kill ……”
Someone suddenly shouted, and a dozen of them reacted and rushed towards Chen Ping!
And with his long sword in hand, Chen Ping met them with a flash of his body!
All Pillar could see was that Chen Ping’s figure moved through the crowd like lightning!
In just under a minute’s time, all of those dozen of Da Qing Village men were lying on the ground!
All of these men had their throats sealed with a single slash, leaving no one alive!
He couldn’t believe his eyes, knowing that these men were not weak, and some of them were even taller than Ah Li, yet they didn’t appear to have been killed by Chen Ping alone with ease!
Pillar didn’t know that Chen Ping had only partially recovered his strength now, if he had recovered his full strength, he wouldn’t even have to make a move to kill these people, he would be able to crush these people with just the pressure from his body!
“Pillar, let’s go ……”
After killing these people, Chen Ping didn’t even look at them and shouted for Pillar to go, he had to find Yun’er and the others as soon as possible!
But the pillar was following the stone statue at this moment, standing dumbfounded!
“Pillar ……” Chen Ping shouted again!
“Oh ……” Only then did the pillar react and hurriedly followed Chen Ping.
At this moment, Pillar followed behind Chen Ping and looked at Chen Ping with eyes that were already adoring!
Chen Ping and Pillar stepped into the demon wolf pack’s territory, and as soon as they stepped into the place, the aura around them clearly changed!
You should know that a single demon wolf is not scary, what is scary is a pack of demon wolves, these demon wolves are pack animals and group attacks are very powerful!
The single demon wolves that Chen Ping had encountered outside should have been driven away by the pack, so they were not the strongest, so they could deal with them fine, but if they encountered a demon wolf pack, they would be in trouble.