If all the treasures encountered along the way were possessed by Lin Ke Ting, then wouldn’t all of them have come in for nothing.
Right now, everyone’s strength was restricted, while that Right Blind Elder’s sword intent was unrestricted, in that case, no one could be a match for that Right Blind Elder, and they would just be accomplices for nothing.
“All shut up, if you have the ability to get the treasure, ask the sword in my hand first.”
With a wave of the Right Blind Elder’s long sword, the crowd instantly shut their mouths.
Although the crowd didn’t dare to speak due to the pressure, their eyes were filled with defiance!
“Right Blind Elder, why have you become so reckless in your actions as well!”
Lin Keting glared at Right Blind Elder, who could only retreat!
“Gentlemen, you’re all right, this thing doesn’t belong to me, and I can’t bully the weak with the strong.”
“I’ll look at it this way, if anyone wants this dagger, then they can exchange it with a spirit stone.”
“Of course, we’ll all share the spirit stones equally, so that anyone can reap the benefits and not enter here for nothing.”
Lin Keting said!
Lin Keting’s words instantly made everyone raise their hands in agreement, after all, this was the best solution!
There was a share for everyone who saw it, so no one would have a problem with it!
However, when that black-robed middle-aged man saw this, he frowned slightly and said, “This girl, if it’s more than spirit stones, I’m afraid that none of us are better than you, and when the time comes, it’s still not in your hands, and we can only have some spirit stones.”
It could be seen that the black-robed middle-aged man was very fond of that magic dagger, but if it was out of spirit stones to exchange, here was afraid that only Lin Keting had the most spirit stones!
After all, at the entrance, Lin Keting had already collected quite a few spirit stones.
“Don’t worry about this, I won’t participate, I don’t care about this what magic dagger ……”
Lin Keting shook her head and said!
Upon hearing that Lin Keting would not participate, the black-robed middle-aged man’s eyes lit up!
“Chen Ping, do you want it?”Lin Keting asked as she looked towards Chen Ping!
“I don’t want it, I don’t care about this kind of divine weapon, the weapon in my hand is much stronger than this whatever magic dagger.”
Chen Ping also shook his head.
Regardless of whether it was the Dragon Beheading Sword and the Dragon Tattoo Bell, or even the Divine King’s Bow, the power that truly erupted out could be much more powerful than this whatsoever Demon Dagger!
Seeing that another person had given up, the black-robed middle-aged man’s eyes brightened even more!
“Gentlemen, this demonic dagger is very important to me, and it has a very strong Yin Fiend Qi on it, right now, everyone is in an ordinary body, so I’m afraid that they won’t be able to carry this Yin Fiend Qi.”
“But I’m not afraid, so I hope everyone will still let me have this devil dagger, I’m willing to pay 100,000 spirit stones ……”
The black-robed middle-aged man said politely following the crowd!
He was afraid that someone would snatch this magic dagger from him, and when he didn’t have enough spirit stones on him, he would be in trouble.
“One hundred thousand spirit stones? Are you fooling children here? I’ll offer 150,000 spirit stones!”
Immediately someone retorted, after all, the higher the price, the more spirit stones the crowd would share, so it was impossible to let this black-robed middle-aged man take that dagger so easily!
“You ……” the black-robed middle-aged man frowned, although he was angry, there was nothing he could do, he could only open his mouth and say, “I’ll offer 200,000 spirit stones, I hope that all of you……”
“Three hundred thousand spirit stones ……,” the old man who had just been the first to speak spoke.
“Three hundred and fifty thousand ……”
“Four hundred thousand ……”
“Five hundred thousand ……”
Without waiting for the black-robed middle-aged man to open his mouth, the others started shouting to increase the price!
The black-robed middle-aged man was going to be exasperated to death, his expression solidified, many people in here were obviously just snivelling, and didn’t really want that magic dagger, just to raise the price!
“One million ……”
The black-robed middle-aged man knew that if this went on, the price was going to go up endlessly, so he clenched his teeth and directly shouted out the heavenly price of one million spirit stones!
Sure enough, this one million shouted out, directly to the crowd were shocked, one by one looked at the black-robed middle-aged man, no one is raising the price!
Seeing that no one was raising it, the black-robed middle-aged man finally let out a sigh of relief!
Lin Keting swept a glance, ”If no one raises the price, then this magic dagger belongs to this fellow Daoist!