Soon, the fire phoenix was tired and fell into a deep sleep!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, glanced at the door and then slowly put his clothes back on!
As soon as Ji Meiyan arrived at the door, Chen Ping had noticed it, only that he was in the middle of a fierce battle with the Fire Phoenix at the time and had no way to stop!
Chen Ping slowly walked to the door and opened it slowly!
And at that moment, Ji Meiyan was sitting on the ground, her face Pei red, her body was hot, and her eyes were even more confused!
Chen Ping opened the door, Ji Meiyan did not even notice, she was still immersed in her fantasy!
Looking at Ji Meiyan’s appearance, Chen Ping looked a little embarrassed, so he whispered “Miss Ji ……”.
Ji Meiyan heard, rushed to look up, do not know when Chen Ping has stood in front of their own, immediately embarrassed to get up, sorted out the clothes!
“Chen …… Mr Chen, I …… I ……”
Ji Meiyan stumbled and didn’t know what to say!
After all, it was too humiliating to let Chen Ping see himself like this!
“Miss Ji, you came to my place in the middle of the night, is there something going on?”
Chen Ping asked!
Ji Meiyan nodded, then pulled Chen Ping up and said “You come with me ……”
Chen Ping froze, his heart suddenly tightened, not knowing where Ji Meiyan was pulling herself to in the middle of the night!
Will not be want to do that kind of thing right?
Chen Ping was not mentally prepared at the moment!
Ji Meiyan pulled Chen Ping, all the way towards the backyard of the Ji family, the more remote she went, which made Chen Ping mutter even more!
“Miss Ji, I …… am not ready for this, after all, we just met, if we just stab that relationship like this, I feel irresponsible to you.”
Chen Ping said to Ji Meiyan!
Ji Meiyan froze, and then understood what Chen Ping meant, and immediately glared at Chen Ping, “What are you talking about, do you think I’m pulling you to sleep? Don’t think blindly, I will take you to a good place ……”
r> Ji Meiyan pulled Chen Ping all the way to speed, both sides constantly have trees swept past, Chen Ping does not know Ji Meiyan this is to take himself where!
After passing through a forest and passing through a river, Chen Ping they arrived at a place surrounded by mountains!
This place was very remote, as if no one had ever come here at all!
“Miss Ji, where is this place? Why did you bring me here at night?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion!
“I’m asking you if you want to enter our Ji Family’s ancestral land?”
Ji Meiyan asked to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was stunned, then he was silent, to say that he didn’t want to go, that was false, but there was no way to go if he wanted to go, after all, that ancestral land was the Ji family’s, Chen Ping couldn’t just barge in!
Seeing Chen Ping’s silence, Ji Meiyan understood what Chen Ping was thinking in his heart, so she said “Since you want to go, I will take you to our Ji family’s ancestral land, there is a masterless origin inside, you can just absorb it!”
“This doesn’t seem to be the ancestral land of your Ji family, right?”
Chen Ping looked around, it didn’t seem to be the place where he had come from during the day!
“This is a dark passage into the ancestral land, if you enter from the front, you won’t be able to get in at all, it’s guarded.”
“I can secretly take you in through the dark passage, by then people won’t know what’s going on ……”
Ji Meiyan said!
“Miss Ji, this is no joke, if your father or the rest of the Ji family knows about this, you will definitely be punished, I’d rather not go in.”
Chen Ping did not want to involve Ji Meiyan because of himself!
“It won’t be punished, I guess after the opening of the Ancestral Ground this time, the Ji Family will be in chaos, who cares about me then.”
“My father has been hiding this from my sister and I, not wanting us to get involved, in fact, the two of us have known about it for a long time.”
Ji Meiyan said, then found a raised stone and gently pressed it!
Accompanied by a friction sound, the stone unexpectedly moved slowly, and then revealed a dark hole!