“Mr Chen, we’ll be arriving at Hu Huang City soon!”
Ji Yun saw Chen Ping walk out and said!
Chen Ping nodded, then moved closer to the porthole and saw that a city had indeed appeared in front of him!
The city was very large, not smaller than the Imperial City of Ikh!
Bai Qian walked over with her somewhat raw legs, then said with full of complacency, “How is it?This Imperial City of mine isn’t small, is it?”
“From now on, you will be the owner of this Imperial City!”
Bai Shao snuggled into Chen Ping’s shoulder and said as she looked at the Imperial City of Hu below!
Chen Ping had also never thought that Bai Shao, a woman of the seventh rank of the Transitional Abstraction Realm, would be able to knock down such a large part of the Imperial City!
The zeppelin slowly landed in one of the plazas of Hu Imperial City!
A large number of beastmen had gathered around, as if they were very unfamiliar and curious about the airship!
“Get out of the way, all of you get out of my way ……”
Accompanied by a loud roar, a pair of soldiers in armour rushed over and surrounded the blimp!
One of them wore a golden helmet and held a long sword in his hand as he looked at the blimp warily!
“This is my chief of guards, named Xue Kun!”
Bai Shao said as she pointed at the man wearing the golden helmet!
Chen Ping glanced at them and casually said, “This person’s strength, is even stronger than yours, he will willingly listen to your mercy?”
“Cluck cluck cluck cluck, this is what I’m good at ah.”
Bai Qi smiled and had Ji Yun open the hatch of the blimp!
Seeing the hatch open, that Xue Kun was immediately alert, and when he saw that it was Bai Shao walking down, his eyes immediately lit up!
“Lord Empress, you’re back!”
Xue Kun rushed forward and helped Bai Shallow down!
When the surrounding crowd saw this, they knelt down and shouted for the Empress!
“You guys come down too!”
Bai Shallow looked at the somewhat confused Chen Ping and the others, so she smiled and said!
Chen Ping brought Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix before they walked off the airship!
“Empress, who are these people?”
Xue Kun looked at Chen Ping and the others and frowned slightly!
“These are my friends!”
Bai Shao said!
Xue Kun did not say anything more, but ordered people to set up a ride back to the palace!
Bai Shao’s palace was much more opulent than Yihe’s, after all, girls like to be pretty!
That night, Bai Shao gave Chen Ping, as well as Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix, a grand party ceremony!
It had to be said that Bai Shao had a really nourishing life in this Hu Huang City!
After all, the empress of a city is the master in this city and can do whatever she wants!
“Xue Kun, during the time I’ve been gone, no one from the Feng family has been looking for trouble, right?”
During the party, Bai Shao asked to Xue Kun!
“Empress, the Feng Clan is not looking for trouble, these days the Feng Clan looks like something is about to happen, frequently gathering people, it seems like they are looking for someone called Chen Ping.”
“I heard that it was the Demon Sealing Alliance that gave the order to kill and to take out a hundred years of offerings, now that the Feng family are busy with this.”
“I also heard that one of the elders from the Demon Sealing Alliance headquarters personally went to the Feng family, it should be for this matter as well.”
Xue Kun said!
Upon hearing this, Bai Shao gave Chen Ping a slight glance, then said, “Where is Granny Zhen?I didn’t even seem to see her when I came back.”
“Granny Zhen has been out of the city for many days picking herbs, she should be back soon!”
Xue Kun replied!
Bai Shao nodded and didn’t say anything in return!
After the banquet was over, Chen Ping then asked Bai Shallow curiously, “What is that Feng family’s relationship with you?And who is that Granny Zhen?”
“The Feng family is considered a big family in the Central Domain, and this Feng family is also a vassal family of the Demon Sealing Alliance, and has repeatedly wanted to co-operate with my Hu Huang City.”
“I’m not going to agree to this, that Seal Demon Alliance is not a good thing, and now that that Seal Demon Alliance has placed an order of execution on you, it’s even more unlikely that I’ll be able to follow the Seal Family and co-operate with them.”
“As for Granny Zhen, she is a servant who has been following me all along, since I was very young, Granny Zhen has taken care of me, and Granny Zhen’s medical skills are very good.”
- Bai Shallow followed Chen Ping and explained in detail!