“Chen Ping, I forgot to tell you, this White Bone Giant of ours, as long as there are white bones around, you can’t kill him, he can be reborn.”
Tan Rongkun proudly said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not say anything, but there was not the slightest surprise or shock in his eyes, even if this White Bone Giant was able to be reborn, Chen Ping seemed to have absolute certainty!
Seemingly sensing Chen Ping’s disdain, the white bone giant let out a huge roar!
“Roar ……”
The White Bone Giant roared up to the sky, and the huge body that was pieced together from countless white bones exuded a chilling aura.
Eerie green flames flickered in its empty eye sockets as its right claw swung violently towards Chen Ping.
“Whoosh!”
Chen Ping’s figure darted across the ground like a ghost, but the range of the White Bone Giant’s strike was simply too great, and he was unable to completely avoid it.
He turned sideways and clenched his left hand into a fist, striking hard towards the white bone giant’s clawed arm.
“Boom!”
A majestic force erupted from Chen Ping’s fist as it collided with the white bone giant’s claw arm, emitting an earth-shattering sound.
The white bone giant’s claw arm was shaken slightly by the punch, and some fine bone fragments fell from it.
“Hmph! Today, you, the White Bone Giant, will die here.”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice, holding the Dragon Cutting Sword in his right hand, the sword flashing with a biting cold light as he stabbed hard towards the white bone giant’s leg.
“Ka-ching!”
The Dragon Slashing Sword stabbed into the white bone giant’s leg bone, and a crack instantly appeared on that leg bone.
“Ow……”
The white bone giant felt the pain and let out an angry roar.
It lifted its other foot and stomped fiercely towards Chen Ping.
“Bang Bang Bang ……”
Chen Ping quickly jumped backwards, leaving a deep footprint on the ground with every landing.
He stomped his feet hard and his entire body leapt high, holding the hilt of his sword with both hands as he stabbed straight towards the white bone giant’s head.
“Boom!”
When the tip of the sword touched the white bone giant’s skull, it erupted in a dazzling burst of light that contained a powerful force, blasting the white bone giant’s skull to the point where a large crater appeared.
“Since you are so resistant to beating, then I will give you some more power.”
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed as the spiritual energy in his body began to run wildly, and a faint layer of golden light flooded his body.
“Chop!”
Chen Ping swung his Dragon Chopping Sword, and a golden wave blade of spiritual energy surged towards the white bone giant.
“Boom!”
The wave blade ruthlessly chopped at the white bone giant’s body, blasting its huge body backwards a few steps.
“Second Senior Brother, if you don’t attack at this time, when will you wait?”Di Chongjing, who was on the side, suddenly shouted coldly.
Di Chongjing made a seal with both hands and recited words under his breath, a black dark shadow flew out from his hands and shot rapidly towards Chen Ping’s back.
At the same time, Tan Rongkun also moved. His figure flashed like a black lightning, holding a black dagger in his hand as he stabbed towards Chen Ping’s side.
“Mr Chen, be careful ……”
Patriarch Jiang and the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace were instantly startled and warned Chen Ping!
They did not expect that Di Chongjing and Tan Rongkun would sneak attack, they were simply shameless!
Patriarch Jiang and the others also wanted to leap up and help Chen Ping, but they were stopped by Chen Ping with a wave of his hand!
“Humph! They thought that they could sneak attack me just like that?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, although his attention was on the White Bone Giant, he had prepared for it.
His body suddenly spun in the air like a gyroscope.
“Dang dang dang!”
Di Chongjing’s shadow attack and Tan Rongkun’s dagger attack were both blocked by Chen Ping.
Di Chongjing and Tan Rongkun were simply, and both were surprised, they did not expect Chen Ping to react so quickly!
At this moment, the White Bone Giant took this opportunity to attack again.
It opened that huge mouth and a black energy ball condensed out of its mouth.