And at that moment, inside one of the halls of the Flying Star Sect!
Five elders were sitting on chairs heavily injured, and in front of them, an old man, nearly eighty years old, was full of anger!
This man was the head of the Flying Star Sect, Leng Wu Dao, and that Leng Yun was his only son!
Even so, Leng Wu Dao could not reprimand his son!
But now that his son had died, Leng Wu Dao’s heart was trembling!
“Sect Leader, the murder of the Duke was all the work of the Pure Yang Sect’s people.”
The Eldest Elder said to Leng Wu Dao.
“I know, that guy’s name is Chen Ping, he’s not from the Pure Yang Clan, he’s from outside the realm.”
“But why aren’t the five of you guarding the Duke’s side for protection?”
Leng Wu Dao asked as he looked coldly at the five elders. One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
“The Duke didn’t let us follow and told us to keep watch outside, so …… So ……”
The eldest elder said with a trembling body.
“I asked you guys to protect the Duke, and now that the Duke is dead and you guys are back, I think you should go underground to keep him company.”
When Leng Wu Dao finished speaking, without waiting for the five elders to react, he waved his palm, and a powerful qi poured out from the sky!
Without the slightest scream, the five elders were instantly turned into a pile of mush!
Looking at the pile of mush on the ground, Leng Wu Dao’s eyes flashed with a strong killing intent: “Chen Ping, I will make you pay for my son’s life ……”
………………
Heavenly Thunder Sect!
Tong Youcai’s mother was flinging herself into Wang Defa’s arms and crying bitterly!
“De Fa, our son is dead, he’s dead, why did you let him go to some relic, why didn’t you stop it?”
Tong Youcai’s mother was crying her eyes out, and Wang Defa’s face was incomparably gloomy!
Just then, the door of the room was pushed open and Tong Ocean walked in!
Seeing this, Wang Defa hurriedly pushed away Tong Youcai’s mother!
“Big brother ……” Wang Defa shouted towards Tong Ocean!
And when Tong Youcai’s mother saw that it was her husband who had returned, there was a bit of panic in her eyes, and then she pounced towards Tong Ocean.
“Ocean, our son has been killed, you must avenge him, you must avenge him, otherwise I won’t live!”
Tong Youcai’s mother cried out.
“Don’t worry, I will definitely avenge our son.”
Tong Ocean had a calm face, not the anger and pain of losing a son!
“Defa, I don’t care what method you use, bring that Chen Ping back to me, I want him to die of torture ……”
Tong Ocean said to Wang Defa.
“Don’t worry big brother, I will definitely capture him with my own hands and cut him to death by a thousand cuts ……”
Wang Defa’s eyes burned with anger as he gritted his teeth and said!
“Good!” Tong Ocean nodded, then pushed his wife away, “DeFa, you comfort your sister-in-law well, I’ll go see how YouGong is doing.”
Tong Ocean walked away, and the moment he walked out of the doorway, a ruthless look flashed in Tong Ocean’s eyes!
“Dad, was my brother killed by that Chen Ping? I’m going to avenge him ……”
Tong Youkong came back from the Siwei Cliff, full of anger, and asked Tong Ocean.
“Your brother is dead, I have asked your Uncle Wang to go and catch that Chen Ping, you should practice your kung fu at home, don’t worry about this matter!”
Tong Ocean barked at Tong Youkong!
“Dad, although I have the same father as Youcai, but he was killed, this revenge must be avenged by me as a brother.”
Tong Youkong was so full of anger that he wanted to go and kill Chen Ping right now!
“Alright, if I say for you to stay out of it, then stay out of it, go and practice your kung fu!”
Tong Ocean said and left, he wanted to tell Tong Youkong that in fact he and Tong Youcai were not half-brothers, but half-brothers!