“So where are you planning to go? I can find a way to send you to ……”
Ge Fuhai also knew that Chen Ping could not stay in the Ge family for the rest of his life.
Chen Ping pondered for a moment and said, “I’ll go to the Protector’s Pavilion and meet Mr. Shi ……”
Ge Fuhai knew what Chen Ping meant by meeting Mr. Shi, after all, in Kyoto, the only person who could truly help Chen Ping was Mr. Shi.
“Okay, I’ll send you there!”
Ge Fuhai nodded and then said to Ge Jiayi, “Jiayi, go prepare the car ……”
Soon, a luxurious Rolls Royce drove out of the Ge family’s house, the windows of the car with the curtains drawn, so the person inside the car could not be seen.
Immediately after the car drove out of Ge’s house, someone quietly followed it and called Zhu Zhishan!
After receiving the call, Zhu Zhishan’s brow furrowed.
“Follow me closely, as long as they don’t leave Kyoto City, just leave …… alone.”
After saying that, Zhu Zhishan hung up the phone and headed straight for the dungeon!
At the end of the dungeon, Fan Jiang slowly looked up, with a smile on the corner of his mouth.
“Are you here to beg me?”
Fan Jiang asked as he opened his mouth.
Zhu Zhishan, however, shook his head, “I’ve come to give you a chance, to give you a chance to leave here ……”
Looking at Zhu Zhishan like that, but Fan Jiang smiled even wider!
“For so many years, what I like to see the most, is this pretentious look of yours ……”
After saying that, Fan Jiang slowly got up, then both hands violently grabbed the iron railing in front of him, and with a slight force, he directly broke the railing and walked out directly.
Zhu Zhishan saw this scene, instantly shocked up, wide eyes are about to fall down.
“You …… you …………”
Zhu Zhi Shan was so shocked that he couldn’t even speak.
“Are you trying to say why this formation, has no effect on me?”
Fan Jiang smiled coldly.
Zhu Zhishan didn’t say anything, but looking at his expression, he did want to know how this Fan Jiang could ignore the formation within the dungeon?
One should know that the formation within this Martial Alliance dungeon was set up by an art master hundreds of years ago, so how could it be broken so easily?
“I can tell you, in fact, the formations here have never been of any use to me, these twenty years or so, I just don’t want to leave ……”
“I’ve been here for more than ten years for an epiphany, but I’ve never been able to break through to the Great Martial Marquis realm, so I’m going out to look for the chance.”
“But thanks to your care over these twenty years, I can do one thing for you, but only one thing, and you and I will owe each other nothing more.”
Fan Jiang slowly followed Zhu Zhishan and said.
Zhu Zhishan swallowed his saliva, he did not expect that more than ten years ago, Fan Jiang had reached the peak of Martial Marquis.
After this Fan Jiang went out, the evil cultivators in the entire martial world were afraid that they would be resurrected!
But Zhu Zhishan didn’t care about that, what evil cultivator or not, in this society where strength is paramount, as long as you can grow in strength!
“You help me to kill a person ……”
Zhu Zhi Shan said.
“Give me the information ……”
Fan Jiang didn’t even ask who it was that Zhu Zhi Shan wanted him to kill.
“Good!”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Fan Jiang’s look of confidence and his heart was relieved.
With the strength of a peak Martial Marquis, it would be difficult for Chen Ping to escape even if he had wings!
Soon after, Zhu Zhishan gave Chen Ping’s information to Fan Jiang, but when Fan Jiang saw Chen Ping’s information, he frowned slightly.
“Immortal cultivator?” Fan Jiang blurted out!
Zhu Zhishan nodded, “Not bad!”
“In just a year’s time, from an unremarkable ordinary person, he was able to cultivate to the YuanYing realm, quite a genius.”
“In this era of scarcity of spiritual energy, how on earth did this fellow cultivate?”
“It seems like there must be a secret hidden in him, maybe my chance lies in this person ……”
Fan Jiang’s eyes were filled with fire!