“I took this disciple in Hu Huang City, I didn’t expect it to be so powerful!”
Elder Yu finished his speech and also left in a hurry!
He was just collecting money to do his job, he had no idea that Chen Ping was so bullish!
But Chen Ping being too bullish wasn’t a good thing, after all, a gun hitting a head is not a good thing, and it wasn’t good for Chen Ping to be too conspicuous when the time came!
And at this moment at Elder Yu’s mansion, Chen Ping was surrounded by Wei Qing and Qian Xiu and they were treated as big heroes!
“Senior brother, you are really awesome, I, senior brother, am also ashamed of myself in front of you.”
“This is the spirit coins that won that Liu Sh*tong, see if the number is right!”
Wei Qing said, placing two large bags of purple gold spirit coins in front of Chen Ping!
These were the ones that Liu Sh*tong had lost to Chen Ping by betting after him!
Chen Ping didn’t even look at them, he just collected his own bag of Purple Gold Spirit Coins, and then returned the remaining bag to Wei Qing saying, “Senior brother, give this bag of Purple Gold Spirit Coins to all the senior brothers to share.”
“The big guys were worried about me during the competition just now too!”
A bag of Violet Gold Spirit Coins, more than a hundred of them, this kind of large sum of money, even a normal sect didn’t have ah!
Wei Qing received the purple gold spirit coins with a trembling hand and nodded, “Good, I’ll give them a share!”
The other senior brothers were all full of excitement and kept praising Chen Ping!
Some of them were about to kowtow to Chen Ping, after all, many of them were outer disciples with low status, not to mention having so many spirit coins, they had never even seen them!
It was like going from a beggar to a millionaire all of a sudden!
Chen Pingzhi was also doing this in order to gather people’s hearts so that he could move freely in the Purple Flame Sect!
“Junior Brother, this is really the first time I’ve seen a man like you, with strength, and much gold, and still humble.”
“You don’t know, just now I was scared to death of senior sister, I thought you were going to hang up.”
Qian Xiu pulled Chen Ping’s hand and said with seeming concern!
Qian Xiu’s hand was soft and boneless, constantly rubbing against Chen Ping!
When Wei Qing saw this, although there was a hint of displeasure in his heart, he secretly liked Qian Xiu, but now that Qian Xiu was treating Chen Ping in such a way, Wei Qing could only watch, not daring to say anything!
You have to know that compared to women and money, Wei Qing likes money more!
He couldn’t possibly offend Chen Ping for the sake of Qian Xiu, not to mention that this was still Qian Xiu taking the initiative to seduce Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, drew his hand back and said, “Senior Sister, in the future, in the Purple Flame Sect, you still have to be taken care of by Senior Sister!”
“Junior Brother don’t worry, if there is anything in the Violet Flame Sect in the future, just look for me.”
“If I can’t do it, then let Senior Brother Wei Qing step in, whoever dares to bully Junior Brother, we all won’t agree!”Qian Xiu patted his chest and said!
“Right, we won’t agree, from now on, we’ll follow Junior Brother!”
Everyone said in unison!
“Then, thank you senior sister!”Chen Ping smiled faintly when he saw that look on the crowd’s faces!
“Junior Senior Brother, you have just arrived, you should not have arranged for a place to rest yet, this Elder Yu’s residence has more disciples, so I guess there are no more empty rooms.”
“If Junior Senior Brother doesn’t mind, I’ll take you to my place, my master is now locked up, and I’m in charge of the entire residence.”
“And I can also find little master brother to talk about my heart anytime ……”
Qian Xiu actually wanted to call Chen Ping to live with her!
This was already a blatant seduction, but the others did not laugh at Qian Xiu!
After all, a man like Chen Ping, if they were women, they would not hesitate to jump towards the arms!
“Senior Sister Qian, I can give up my room for Senior Brother to rest, so I won’t bother you.”
“I reckon that Master will be back soon, when Master comes back, he will definitely look for Senior Brother to talk to, it won’t be convenient for him to go where you are.”
Wei Qing stopped, not allowing Chen Ping to go!