To eat one’s sister’s tofu, that’s looking for death!
“Good brat, even my sister dares to bully, and still dares to come to the door, is this bullying my Ji Family of no one?”
Ji Cheng roared angrily, then shouted “Ji family disciples listen to the order ……”
“In ……”
In an instant, from all around the main hall, instantly dozens of Ji Family disciples stepped forward!
“Giant Barbarian Palace is bullying people too much, guard the entrance, not allow a person from the Giant Barbarian Palace to leave, if the Giant Barbarian Palace does not give an explanation, then don’t blame us for not being polite!”
Killing intent filled Ji Cheng’s eyes!
Soon, the gate was blocked by the Ji Family’s children, and Qin Jingyun’s face became a little ugly!
Qin Hetian, on the other hand, had a bland demeanour, then glanced at Ji Lianying!
“Ji Cheng, what are you going to do? Now that we elders are once again, it’s not your turn to give orders.”
“All disperse, don’t you know what day today is? Is it going to see blood?”
Ji Lianying angrily rebuked Ji Cheng, and then waved his hand for the Ji Family’s children to all disperse!
However, no one moved, these were the children of the Ji Lian Jun lineage, it was impossible for them to listen to Ji Lian Ying’s words!
When Ji Lianying saw this, he frowned “Big brother …………”
Ji Lian Jun slowly waved his hand before those Ji Family children dispersed!
“Palace Master Qin, your son molested my daughter, do you think it’s excessive to break his arm?”
“If I was there, I would have taken his life ……”
Ji Lian Jun said with a gloomy face!
Dare to molest his own daughter, that is looking for death, Ji Lianjun but the most love his two daughters, although the two daughters often trouble, Ji Lianjun also yes are angry cursed, but never really punished once!
Now that Qin Jingyun dared to molest Ji Meiling, if Ji Lianjun was there, he would not hesitate to slap Qin Jingyun to death!
“Family Head Ji, are you threatening me?”
Qin Hetian’s eyes stared slightly as the aura on his body began to slowly rise up! >
Seeing this, Ji Lianying on the side hurriedly spoke “Big brother, you can’t just rely on Meiling’s words, why don’t you first find that Chen Ping and ask him, if it’s really that Chen Ping who broke Prince Qin’s arm, let him make amends and apologise is all.”
“He’s not a member of our Ji family, so what if we hand him over to Palace Master Qin? It can’t be because of him that the great events of our Ji Family are delayed.”
Ji Lianying’s words also instantly caused the other Ji Family collateral lines to agree!
None of them wanted to start any fights on a day like today!
Besides, that Chen Ping had nothing to do with their Ji Family, so even if they handed Chen Ping over as a favour, what could they do?
“Family master, I think second brother is right, just call out that Chen Ping.”
“Right, shout that Chen Ping here and let the Giant Savage Palace take him away, don’t affect our big event.”
“This matter is all because of what that Chen Ping did with his hands, don’t affect us ah!”
The crowd stood out one after another, demanding that Chen Ping be shouted over!
When Ji Lian Jun saw this, his face was very ugly, he knew Chen Ping’s strength and talent!
Moreover, their old master was saved by Chen Ping, and Chen Ping had even made a move for his own daughter!
If this was to hand Chen Ping over, Ji Lian Jun simply couldn’t do it!
However, if they did not call Chen Ping over, it was obvious that the rest of the Ji family would not agree!
At this point in time, if they let Ji Lianyin gain power, and let the rest of the Ji Family’s collateral lineage support Ji Lianyin, then the fight behind them would be very bitter!
After hesitating again and again, Ji Lianjun still turned towards Ji Cheng and said “You go and invite Mr Chen here.”
“Dad ……” Ji Cheng did not want to call Chen Ping to come, if Chen Ping really came, then the Giant Barbarian Palace would definitely take Chen Ping away!
Although the Giant Barbarian Palace didn’t dare to do anything to their Ji family, but Chen Ping wasn’t a member of the Ji family, so the Giant Barbarian Palace wouldn’t have any scruples!
“Go ……”
Ji Lianjun waved his hand!
Ji Cheng had no choice but to go and shout for Chen Ping in the end!