“Little sister, did you not hear what I just said to you? Let me tell you, it’s your good fortune to be in my good graces, what are you running for? Follow me, I can let you eat and drink, I can even buy you a villa …..”
Qin Gang’s eyes were staring at the girl with a deadly gaze, and there was a bright light in his eyes.
The girl looked at Qin Gang and hurriedly stepped back, but her way was soon blocked by the two men Qin Gang had brought with him.
The girl looked helpless, like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.
But the more the girl was like this, the more excited Qin Gang acted.
“Little sister, you won’t be able to run away today, so you might as well be good and quite, brother hold and make you want to die …..”
Qin Gang said, a hand reached out towards the girl to grab.
“Ah ……….”
The girl shrieked and backed up, pushing herself directly under the wall.
Seeing this, Chen Ping wanted to rush out to help the girl, but on second thought, the girl was able to generate divine sense, so she was obviously a cultivator, how could she be afraid of Qin Gang, an ordinary person?
Even if Qin Gang had two men in the hands of a clan master, but as a cultivator, it was impossible that she could not even deal with a clan master?
Could she be pretending? Was she deliberately pretending to show herself, knowing that she was here?
As Chen Ping thought of this, he took his legs back, wanting to see why the girl was pretending and hiding her strength.
If the girl hadn’t used her divine sense to probe Chen Ping, Chen Ping wouldn’t have been able to discover the girl’s identity as a cultivator.
“Hahahaha, it’s useless even if you shout through your throat, who dares to care about me?”
Qin Gang said with a smug look on his face.
Seeing that Qin Gang’s hand was about to grab the girl, and it was still grabbing towards the girl’s sensitive place, but at this moment, the girl actually did not make a move yet, but her eyes showed fear.
Chen Ping’s brow was furrowed at this moment: “Could it be that I am mistaken?”
Chen Ping began to doubt himself, could it be that this girl was not some kind of cultivator, and that divine sense just now was not emitted by the girl?
No matter what, Chen Ping could not just stand by and watch the girl being insulted by Qin Gang, so he planned to rush out.
But before Chen Ping could move, he only saw Qin Gang, who was grabbing at the girl, suddenly stop, followed by the whole person looking at the girl and giggling, with harrumphs flowing out of his mouth.
“Do you like me?”
There was no panic in the girl’s eyes, instead there was an indescribable flirtation.
“Love it ………. Hey hey hey ……….”
Qin Gang looked at the girl as if she was a fool, not moving a muscle.
And when the two Qin family underlings who were following Qin Gang saw this, they suddenly sensed that something was wrong and hurriedly grabbed towards the girls.
But something equally bizarre happened, only to see that both of these two clan masters, after getting close to the girl, also stopped all of a sudden and their gazes began to become dull and dumb, following Qin Gang just like he did.
“Do you two like me?”
The girl asked to the two clan master experts.
“Like ………. Hehehe ……….”
The two clan master experts also giggled.
“Aiya, you both like me, it makes it so difficult for me, or else you guys duel, whoever wins, I will go with them ……….”
The girl said with a difficult look on her face.
“Good!”
The two clan masters followed Qin Gang all nodded their heads.
Qin Gang was an ordinary person, how could he be a match for two clan masters, but at this moment, Qin Gang was not afraid at all.
Seeing this, the girl moved two steps to the side, and then spoke, “You guys start!”
As soon as the girl’s words fell, she saw the two clan masters of the Qin Clan pull out their weapons at the same time and viciously stabbed towards Qin Gang.
Poof!
Poof!
The two clan masters each made a single stab, only to see it pierce Qin Gang through and through, and Qin Gang didn’t even have time to move, and died directly at the hands of his own people.
At this moment, Chen Ping was dumbfounded, he still did not know what had happened, how could two subordinates of the Qin family have killed their master in the blink of an eye?