“Master, you’re great ……”
Zhong Li’s small face Pei reddened as she said in a contented manner!
And Chen Ping also let out a long breath, then stretched his waist!
Rumble …………
Chen Ping stretched his waist only!
In the sky above the Sword Washing Pool, countless thunderbolt clouds suddenly appeared, erupting with a thunderbolt!
“Who’s transiting the tribulation?”
Master Iron Hammer, as well as the rest of the Alchemy Sect, looked up at the thunder tribulation clouds that had suddenly appeared, and for a moment, they were a little confused!
They didn’t understand who was suddenly transiting at this time?
Rumble …………
There was another loud bang, and a thunder tribulation unexpectedly struck straight towards the Sword Washing Pool!
Sword Old Man and the rest of them were startled, and all of them froze when they saw that the thunder tribulation struck Chen Ping’s body fiercely!
None of them had thought that Chen Ping would break through the realm at this time and begin to cross the tribulation!
A thunder tribulation struck Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping’s strength was growing by leaps and bounds!
“Master, can you resist it?”
Zhong Li asked worriedly!
“No problem, this lightning tribulation no longer does any harm to me.”
Chen Ping said with an indifferent smile!
After experiencing the lightning tribulation so many times, Chen Ping had already taken this lightning tribulation to death long ago.
Rumbling …………
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, suddenly another thunder tribulation rumbled down!
Only, this Thunder Tribulation unexpectedly took on a golden colour, and at the same time, its power had doubled!
“Just what realm is this one undergoing a tribulation? This thunder tribulation is also too terrifying, I don’t think our Mahayana realm fourth grade cultivators have ever had such a powerful thunder tribulation ah.”
An Alchemy Sect elder said!
Master Iron Hammer’s brows were slightly furrowed, his face full of doubt, he didn’t know who was actually transiting within the Sword Washing Pool that would have such a powerful thunderbolt.
As for within the Sword Washing Pool, Sword Elder and those few Alchemy Sect Elders, a few of them were dumbfounded as they watched the powerful thunder tribulation hit Chen Ping!
“Sword Elder, Mr Chen is only a seventh ranked cultivator of the Transitional Apparition Realm, how come the tribulation thunderbolt is so terrifying?”
A Refiner Sect elder asked in disbelief!
“Mr Chen has risen in realm this time and survived the lightning tribulation, it’s very likely that he’s risen two levels in a row.”
“Only when one ascends two levels in a row does the lightning tribulation become extremely powerful, and if one is able to carry it off, then the realm is directly elevated by two poles.”
Sword Old Man explained!
“There’s still this kind of argument? I’ve never seen someone who raised two levels of realm with a single lightning tribulation.”
An Alchemy Sect elder was shocked!
“Not to mention the Celestial Realm, even in the entire cosmic stars, there are very few people who have raised two realms in a single lightning tribulation.”
“That being said, besides chance, strength and luck, one also needs real skills to be able to do so, or else this thunder tribulation will throw away one’s little life.”
Sword Old Man said!
Everyone was staring at Chen Ping in death, and silently prayed for Chen Ping, hoping that Chen Ping would be able to survive the thunder tribulation!
And as this thunder tribulation blasted down, Chen Ping’s body shortened and he knelt on one knee to the ground!
The entire person’s face became ugly, and his brows couldn’t help but furrow!
“Master, what’s wrong?”
Zhong Li asked!
“Strange, how did this lightning tribulation suddenly become so powerful?”
Chen Ping did not know how this lightning tribulation had suddenly become so powerful, causing him to not adapt for a moment and almost being struck down on the ground at once!
“Master, I’ll help you, this is in the Dragon Slaying Sword, I can help you carry the lightning tribulation.”
Zhong Li saw this and said!
“Don’t, you don’t need to care about me, I’ll carry it myself!”
Chen Ping hurriedly waved his hand!
Zhong Li had recovered with great difficulty, if he was injured by the lightning tribulation, or if his spiritual body was broken apart by the tribulation, Chen Ping would regret it for the rest of his life!
But Zhong Li didn’t listen to Chen Ping, instead, she directly pounced on him and then kissed down towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping only felt a slippery sensation, followed by that strong body odour!
Rumble!
Another thunderbolt came down and hit Chen Ping heavily!