Chen Ping was sitting cross-legged inside his room, quietly refining the strength he had absorbed!
At the entrance of the Pure Yang Sect, Liu Xing was smoking a cigarette in depression!
Chen Ping’s appearance had dealt a great blow to him.
He was originally proud and was being hit one at a time!
Because of the Pure Yang Sect’s resources, it was no matter that he was no match for that Tong You Gong, but now even Chen Ping, a Martial Saint, was no match!
“Aiya, the most talented disciple of the Pure Yang Clan, why did he come to the door to smoke? Is there something bothering you?”
At this time, Tong Youcai arrived at the Pure Yang Sect with a few people, and after seeing Liu Xing, he said with a few moments of playfulness.
When Liu Xing saw Tong Youcai and the few people he brought behind him, he asked with an unhappy face, “Tong Youcai, what are you doing here in our Pure Yang Sect?”
“We don’t seem to have any dealings with your Heavenly Thunder Sect, do we?”
Liu Xing’s gaze was cold and full of disgust.
Liu Xing was very disgusted with all the people of the Heavenly Thunder Sect.
“Yes, there is no crossover, but I heard that your Pure Yang Sect had taken in an evil cultivator, so I brought a few other sect’s over to take a look!”
“They say that your Pure Yang Sect and evil cultivators are incompatible, but how come you have taken in an evil cultivator?”
“Don’t you know that evil cultivators are the public enemy of our martial arts community ……”
Tong Youcai said with a cold smile.
“D*mn you, you guys are the ones who take in evil cultivators, there are no evil cultivators in our Pure Yang Sect.”
Liu Xing cursed angrily at Tong Youcai.
Tong Youcai did not get angry, but a middle-aged man beside him got angry, his face turned slightly cold, then he slapped towards Liu Xing!
No one could see the middle-aged man’s action, and Liu Xing’s face was slapped so hard that it instantly turned red and swollen!
“Kid, when you speak, you better not bring his mother with you, understand?”
The middle-aged man coldly warned Liu Xing.
Liu Xing felt the aura from that middle-aged man and was so scared that he didn’t dare to speak either, he could only receive a slap for nothing!
“Uncle Wang, where is the need for you to deal with this fellow, even if he is a genius disciple of the Pure Yang Sect, in my eyes, he is just a piece of trash.”
Tong Youcai had a face of disdain!
Liu Xing glared angrily, but there were experts around Tong Youcai, so Liu Xing didn’t act impulsively!
“Where is Yue Buqun, tell him to come out and speak clearly, so many of us came over, are we going to let you, a tiny disciple, receive us?”
At this time, an old man came forward and reprimanded Liu Xing!
Liu Xing looked at the old man and his face was full of respect as he said, “Elder Pei, my master he went out and is not at ……”
This old man was an elder of the Purple Cloud Sect among the three sects and six schools, and was quite a bit higher than Liu Xing in terms of strength and status!
So Liu Xing didn’t dare to be reckless, he could only be full of respect!
“Went out? Did you know that we were coming, so you went out to hide from us?”
Tong Youcai asked with a cold smile.
“Tong Youcai, don’t talk nonsense, my master just went out, how could he possibly know that you guys were coming!”
Liu Xing glared angrily at Tong Youcai and said.
“Since we went out, then we will go in and wait for him ……”
Tong Youcai said and was about to barge into the Pure Yang Sect.
Liu Xing reached out to stop him and said, “Without Master’s order, outsiders are not allowed to enter the Pure Yang Sect.”
“What? Could it be that even if I bring so many elders from various sects, I cannot enter your Pure Yang Sect?”
“I see that your Pure Yang Sect is not a little too arrogant, not taking our several great sects into consideration?”
Tong Youcai deliberately stirred up the relationship between the Pure Yang Sect and the major sects!
Hearing Tong Youcai say so, those few elders of the various great sects were all faced with anger as well.
“Can’t we, the old things, even enter this Pure Yang Sect of yours?”
That Elder Pei asked in an angry voice.
“Elder Pei, this is indeed Master’s rule, I can’t do anything about it!”
Liu Xing had a difficult face!