“Report ……”
“Your Imperial Son, hundreds of cultivators from the Demon Sealing Alliance have arrived at the city gates, and the guards we had guarding the gates have been killed.”
At this moment, a guard hurriedly came to report!
“So fast?”Xiao Feng frowned, then looked at Fei Wenqiang and said, “Prime Minister Fei, what should we do?”
After all, this was Xiao Feng’s first time encountering such a major matter, so he was a little uncertain!
“Your Imperial Son, order the opening of the City Protector Formation, and then have the entire Imperial City turn the formation on, so that these people from the Demon Sealing Alliance do not attack too quickly!”
Yu Wenqiang said!
“Yes, immediately follow Prime Minister Yu’s order to open the city guard formation!”
Xiao Feng ordered loudly!
Soon, the formation of the entire Imperial City was slowly opened!
As for Patriarch Zhou and Elder Chu, they led the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance and walked into the Imperial City after killing the guards that were watching the city gates!
The moment they walked into the Imperial City, those people from the Demon Seal Alliance were all shocked!
The Xiao Dynasty’s Imperial City was worthy of being the largest city in the entire Celestial Realm, hundreds of miles in circumference, with countless buildings rising up into the sky, luxurious and ancient!
Especially the buildings in the city, every single one of them even had formation runes shining brightly, emitting a terrifying pressure, with so many buildings, if the formation protection was switched on at the same time, there was naturally no need to talk about the degree of sturdiness!
“If we defeat the Xiao Imperial Dynasty this time, such a beautiful Imperial City could be ours, it’s exciting to think about.”
“I’ve heard that the palace maidens within the Xiao Imperial Dynasty are all as beautiful as heavenly fairies, wouldn’t it be wonderful to catch a double cultivation.”
“I can’t stand it anymore, where are the people from Xiao Dynasty? How come none of them are seen coming out?”
Those people from the Demon Sealing Alliance couldn’t wait any longer, they couldn’t wait to defeat the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and occupy the Imperial City right away!
Right at this moment, the formation in the Imperial City was suddenly activated, the entire Imperial City was shrouded, and all the buildings within the Imperial City also began to be formed, making it impossible for those people from the Demon Sealing Alliance to set foot in even a single house.
Looking at the suddenly opened formation, there were obviously quite a few people from the Demon Sealing Alliance panicked, even Patriarch Zhou had a slight frown on his face!
Rather, it was that Elder Chu who seemed to have anticipated this and spoke faintly, “Break the formation ……”
Elder Chu opened his mouth with a single sentence, and from amongst the many cultivators of that Demon Sealing Alliance, a dozen or so white rays of light were instantly shot out!
These rays of light shot straight up into the sky, and after touching the formation on the Imperial City, they then dispersed like fireworks.
In just a few short breaths, the formations on the Imperial City had disappeared, and even the formations around the surrounding buildings had inexplicably disappeared!
The many cultivators of the Demon Sealing Alliance who saw this scene were all excited!
On the contrary, it was those subjects of the Xiao Dynasty who were hiding that began to feel a little uneasy inside!
Hundreds of Demon Seal Alliance cultivators emitted a gust of black mist, and in just an instant, the entire Imperial City was shrouded in black mist!
Xiao Feng and the others, looked at the sky that had suddenly blacked out, and everyone looked grave!
Behind Xiao Feng were thousands of Imperial City guards, and there were dozens of Mahayana Realms!
Xiao Feng was riding on a tall and ferocious Lion and Tiger Beast, showing off his kingly dominance!
This was the first time Xiao Feng, who had become the Imperial Crown Prince, had commanded so many people in battle!
Although he was a little nervous, he was more excited, after all, this was the Imperial City of the Xiao Dynasty, and they were considered to be fighting on their home turf!
In addition to the thousands of Imperial City guards behind this, there were hundreds of thousands of subjects in the entire Imperial City, and these were also cultivators, not of ordinary people!
It was simply impossible for a Demon Sealing Alliance to annex the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
This was where Xiao Feng’s backbone lay!
Yu Wenqiang’s body hovered on one side of Xiao Feng, protecting him at all times!
In front of the many guards, three Mahayana Realm Fourth Grade Generals were wearing platinum battle armour, and their bodies were even covered in precious light, and behind those guards, there were all sorts of divine weapons, including a dozen or so Spirit Beasts that were also letting out bursts of hissing!
This aura is extremely strong, a glance at the past, if it is that loose cultivator, it is estimated that there is no need to fight, scared also give scared to death!