Chen Ping went straight forward and after paying the money, he took the hand bone into his hand!
The moment the hand bone was in his hand, it unexpectedly emitted a white light, followed by a faint dead air diffusing around it!
“This is my skeleton, fortunately these guys don’t know what they’re talking about, old man’s skeleton, how can it be compared to those ordinary Immortals and Demons.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch roared with excitement!
When the other cultivators saw that this hand bone had actually changed in the slightest when it reached Chen Ping’s hands, each of them stared with wide eyes, obviously regretting it a little!
Chen Ping felt the gazes of the crowd, so he hurriedly threw that hand bone into his storage ring!
“Kid, ask me where I found this skeleton from, find a way to help me collect all the skeletons, and when I am reborn, I will help you ascend to the Heavenly Realm, and at that time, I will cover you in the Heavenly Realm again!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said excitedly!
Even if the Red Cloud Demon Monarch didn’t say anything, Chen Ping would find a way to ask, if he could really make the Red Cloud Demon Monarch reborn, Chen Ping would have a backer!
Then wouldn’t he be walking horizontally in the Celestial Realm, what Demon Sealing Alliance, what Inferno Demon, all of them would be directly slapped to death!
“Alright, let’s move on to auctioning the next item!”
Old Yang said loudly, then asked the staff to start taking out the items!
“Elder wait, may I ask where this hand bone was obtained from?”
Chen Ping asked to that Old Yang!
Old Yang glanced at Chen Ping, then shook his head and said “Sorry, we are only responsible for selling the items, as for how and where the items came from, we cannot say!”
Chen Ping looked at Old Yang’s look and knew what he was thinking, so he directly threw out three Purple Gold Spirit Coins!
“Can we say it?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently!
Seeing Chen Ping throwing out three million spirit coins in one shot, Old Yang instantly smiled with a wide-eyed smile!
“Of course we can, this hand bone was picked up by someone from that Xuexi Valley and was later bought by us!”
After Old Yang finished speaking, he beautifully put away the purple gold spirit coin!
“Snow Creek Valley?”
After Chen Ping sat down, he looked towards Shen Ji Zi!
Shen Ji Zi knew what Chen Ping meant, and immediately shook his head and said, “Although this Snow Creek Valley is not far away, but it is very dangerous, I don’t dare to go!”
Chen Ping did not say anything, two purple gold spirit coins were thrown into that Shen Ji Zi’s hand!
Shen Ji Zi smiled, and immediately changed his words, “In a dangerous place, you want to go, I can’t let you go alone, who let the two of us be so destined!”
“Fellow Daoist, you have been deceived, that Snow Stream Valley is not far from here, nor is it a dangerous place, many cultivators go there to play.”
A cultivator who was not far from Chen Ping and the others, seeing that Chen Ping was being deceived, hurriedly spoke out to remind him!
Shen Ji Zi’s eyes chilled and snapped “Shut up, it’s none of your business ah ……”
“Don’t listen to his nonsense, the depths of that Snow Stream Valley, is still very dangerous.”
Shen Ji Zi was afraid that Chen Ping would hear that the Snow Creek Valley was not far away and still not dangerous, and ask for the money back!
But Chen Ping didn’t care, money was something outside the body for Chen Ping, not to mention that the money was sent by others!
When Shen Ji Zi saw that Chen Ping did not care, he was relieved.
Ever since he knew Chen Ping, he hadn’t been able to make a lot of money out of him, and with big money like this, he had to be on the list before he could do so!
“Gentlemen, this is the last treasure and the grand finale, please take a look!”
After Old Yang finished speaking, he unexpectedly took out a folding fan in his hand!
Immediately after the folding fan was opened, there was instantly a constant flow of light on it.
“What is this thing? A fan that glows is also considered a treasure?”
“What material is this fan made of? How come it looks like it’s made of papier-mâché?”
“There are streams of light flickering on top of the fan, it shouldn’t be a mortal object!”
Numerous cultivators were talking!
Only no one could use their divine sense to probe, they could only rely on their eyes to guess!