Everyone was shocked, especially Liu Rui. It had never occurred to her that the Pure Yang Sect had been cheated by the Pill Refining Sect in partnership with the Burning Heaven Sect for so many years!
Leng Yun and Tong Youcai were also shocked and looked very surprised!
“Sir Leng, Sir Tong, think carefully, do you want to cooperate with me and kill this guy and then share the Pill Fruit equally, or do you want to be killed by this guy and let him have the Pill Fruit all to himself?”
The Great Protector once again said to Leng Yun and Tong Youcai.
“Yes, I am willing to cooperate ……”
Tong Youcai nodded his head.
After all, Tong Youzhao had a grudge against Chen Ping, and he had always wanted to kill him!
Moreover, their Tian Lei sect’s genetic modification was also a crooked and evil way, so even if they cooperated with the Burning Heaven Sect, there was nothing to it!
Seeing this, Leng Yun could only nod his head and said, “Good, I am also willing to cooperate ……”
“Hahahaha, wise ……” The Grand Protector laughed!
“Great Protector, after killing this Chen Ping, how will the spirit fruits be distributed? After all, there are only eight of them!”
Leng Yun asked to the Great Protector.
“You two families will each take three, and I will only take two, but this relic will be used as a base for our Burning Heaven Sect.”
The Grand Protector said.
“Okay, no problem!” When Leng Yun heard this, he said with great satisfaction.
After all, the Spiritual Fruit was a priceless treasure, and as for the relic, they had no use for it, they couldn’t possibly move their sects here!
Liu Rui’s face turned extremely ugly at the sight of the three united clans!
Now even if Chen Ping was strong, there was no way he could deal with the combined attack of these three clans!
“How dare you two believe in the words of an evil cultivator? If you really kill me, it is not certain whether you will get the Spiritual Fruit or not!”
Chen Ping said to Leng Yun and Tong Youcai.
“Even if I kill you, I am still willing to get the Spiritual Fruit, I just want you to die.”
Tong Youzhu shouted angrily at Chen Ping!
“Sir Tong, why waste words with him, just fight between us.
The Great Protector’s eyes were like vipers staring at Chen Ping, he could already tell that Chen Ping’s strength was extraordinary!
“I originally wanted to give you a way out, but now that you are following the evil cultivators, then you can only die!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, look at your own situation, how dare you say such big words.”
Tong Youcai laughed loudly!
“Alright, let’s go together ……”
The first time I saw you, I was in the middle of a battle.
Although Chen Ping was acting very relaxed at this moment, he was very nervous inside!
Although Chen Ping was very relaxed at this moment, he was very nervous inside, but he had no choice but to fight against the attack of these people in front of him!
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand emitted an infinite amount of light, and a huge golden dragon appeared behind Chen Ping once again!
Chen Ping’s body slowly floated up, standing proudly on top of the golden dragon’s head, one man and one dragon, as if they were immortals from the sky!
Seeing this scene, Leng Yun and Tong Youcai were both stunned!
After all, they had been shocked by this golden dragon!
“What are you doing? This golden dragon is just an illusion, what’s so scary about it!”
The Great Protector yelled at Leng Yun and Tong Youcai!
Only then did the two men react, and their bodies burst into a frenzy of energy!
Soon, the two men were charging towards Chen Ping with their respective men, while the Great Protector waved his hand and several of his men charged straight at him!
He, himself, was heading straight for Liu Rui!
As Chen Ping looked at the oncoming men, his sword exploded in his hand and countless sword Qi shot out from the sword!
The golden dragon underneath him also let out a dragon roar, whipping its tail and sending up a huge wave of air that sent two martial artists flying!
Chen Ping and his dragon were fighting with a dozen people! -Chen Ping and his dragon were fighting with a dozen people!