In the middle of a dense forest in the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
The four people, the Monkey King, the Lion King, the Leopard Emperor and the Thousand-faced Demon Emperor were gathering together!
All four of them didn’t look very good, the four of them hadn’t gained much from the Divine Demon Battlefield this time around!
Especially the Lion King, it was hard to know the whereabouts of the Divine King’s Bow, but there was no way to get it back!
The Thousand-faced Demon Emperor seemed to see the Lion King’s meaning, and stepped forward to pat his shoulder, “Lion King, that Divine King’s Bow is not destined to be yours or mine, so none of us will be able to get it, not to mention that if we do get it, we won’t be able to use it either.”
“The Divine King’s Bow has been stored in your territory for so many years, you can’t even take it out from amongst the mountain peaks let alone pulling it, so don’t even think about it.”
“This time in the Divine Demon Battlefield, although we didn’t gain much, we also gained something, so it’s better to go back to our own homes and go cultivate properly, the power of our Beast Race is too low right now.”
Hearing the words of the Thousand-faced Demon Emperor, the Lion King also seemed to be relieved, after all, even if the Divine King Bow was given to him, he would be hard enough to pick it up!
“This time, the Fox Imperial Daughter has fished it out, maybe in the future, amongst our three emperors and four kings, the Fox Imperial Daughter is going to be the boss.”
The Leopard Emperor said with some envy!
“It’s not the same who’s the boss, we still need to be united amongst our Beast Clan, otherwise it’ll be even harder to gain a foothold in this Celestial Realm.”
“All go back to your homes, I’m leaving too ……”
The Thousand-faced Demon Emperor finished speaking and turned around, ready to leave!
But just as the Thousand-faced Demon Emperor turned around, dozens of rays of light instantly arrived around him!
Immediately after that, dozens of figures surrounded the Thousand-faced Demon Emperor and the four of them!
When the four of them saw this, they all instantly became alert!
When they saw the people clearly, the Thousand-faced Demon Emperor took a step forward and said, “So it’s the people from the five great sects, I wonder what you all have to do?”
The people from the five great sects all looked at the four Thousand Faced Demon Emperor intently, with killing intent in their eyes!
“Thousand Faces Demon Emperor, you four come with us ……”
Patriarch Luo stood out and said!
“Patriarch Luo, I wonder what’s the matter?We don’t seem to have any interactions following your five great clans, so I think it’s better to say something straight away.”
The Thousand Faced Demon Emperor said!
“Thousand-faced Demon Emperor, stop f*cking pretending, if I tell you guys to follow, you follow, where’s all the bullsh*t?”
Sovereign Hai roared with an angry face!
The Thousand-faced Demon Emperor’s face instantly turned cold, although their realm wasn’t as high as the five great sect masters, in terms of status, their three emperors and four kings followed the human sect master without any difference!
Now this Hai Patriarch opened his mouth to curse, making the Thousand-faced Demon Emperor’s face ugly, but the Thousand-faced Demon Emperor didn’t return the favour, after all, the other party had a lot of people and their strength was still high, so the good man would not be forced to do anything beforehand!
“Hai Da Fu, how the f*ck do you talk?Why should I follow you guys, are you bullying us just because you have more people?”
The Lion King stared at that Sea Sovereign in dissatisfaction and said angrily!
The Lion King’s territory was in this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and he was still quite familiar with following the five great sects, so he wasn’t afraid of them at all!
The Lion King knew that the people of the five great clans, being human clans, would not just kill randomly, especially in this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain in the Southern Domain!
Regardless of whether it was the human race, the demon race, or the beast race, they all maintained courtesy, and rarely would there be large-scale fights!
Now that the people from the five great clans had suddenly surrounded them, the Lion King wasn’t afraid, he didn’t believe that these people would dare to make a move!
If the Yin Qi Beast Race and the Human Race had large-scale strife, the five great clans could not afford it!
“Lion King, if I tell you to follow, then follow, don’t say any more rubbish, if you dare to say one more word today, believe it or not I’ll kill you?”
The aura on Hai Dafu’s body skyrocketed, all of a sudden, he pressed towards the Lion King!
The five great sect lords, their strength was higher than the Lion King and theirs, and the other party was also many, if they really fought, the Lion King and their four, were no match at all!