One must know that Chen Ping’s physical body had been tempered many times in the secular world, and had been trained to be as strong as bronze!
Even without the slightest bit of spiritual energy and turned into an ordinary person, Chen Ping’s physical body was not comparable to anyone!
When a stone hit Chen Ping’s body, it was like scratching an itch!
However, Mu Yao and the others were different, they were originally living in the Celestial Realm, focusing on spiritual power cultivation, and also realm advancement, no one was focusing on the tempering of the physical body!
After all, in the eyes of these cultivators, the physical body was nothing more than a shell, and if the physical body was destroyed, as long as the soul and spirit were still there, it was possible to remake the physical body!
It was very inappropriate to spend time tempering a shell!
Because of this, these people’s physical bodies were the same as ordinary people!
Without the addition of spiritual power, the physical body was afraid that it was not as strong as an ordinary person’s!
The stones in Chen Ping’s hands were very accurate, constantly smashing on the bodies of that Mu family!
Directly smashing these guys wailed!
The body was soon covered in large bags!
Soon, there were other cultivators who entered and were stunned as they looked at the comical scene in front of them!
Who would have thought that in the Celestial Realm, a world full of cultivators!
There was also this primal fight!
Everyone watched the hilarity!
“Mr Chen, cheer, cheer ……”
Bing Lu took the lead and started shouting cheers!
Lan Yingying and the girls shouted along with them, while Chen Ping had his hands out in unison, and the stones under his feet fell like rain towards the Mu Family crowd!
The Mu Family crowd was smashed back and forth, each one in a sorry state!
Mu Naiyi was going crazy with anger when she saw this!
Her mouth gasped and wailed, but she was hit by a rock again and blood flowed out!
“Let’s go, don’t get entangled with him, when we get out of this area, I will definitely break this brat into pieces!”
Mu Naiyi knew that they couldn’t take advantage at all here, and they were also being looked at as a joke!
Mu Yao and the others had long wanted to leave, covering their heads they all ran away!
“Mr Chen, you’re amazing, it’s such a relief to see those people from the Mu family in a sorry state!”
Bing Lu stepped forward and said with great joy!
But Chen Ping wasn’t much happier, he knew that this was because of his strong physical body, plus the restrictions of the formations here!
If they went out of this area, in encountering these people from the Mu Family, Chen Ping was not sure!
Only that Mu Yao himself had brought the Mu family members with him, and Chen Ping was still able to deal with them!
Now that Mu Naiyi had also come, Chen Ping was afraid that he would not be able to deal with them!
A peak Transition Realm Grand Cultivator and a Transition Realm 9th Grade Cultivator!
With these two people joining forces, Chen Ping had no chance of winning!
What’s more, there are many other sect cultivators here, although these people are running towards the Immortal’s Fallen Land, if they can’t find the Immortal’s Fallen Knowledge, but know their own identity, it’s impossible to guarantee that these people won’t have a crooked mind!
Chen Ping knew that the current situation was difficult, but he couldn’t follow Bing Lu and the others and say it explicitly, not wanting to give them too much pressure!
“Let’s go as soon as possible ……”
Chen Ping did not say anything more, but turned around and continued towards the mountain!
Chen Ping was afraid that these other sect cultivators, had discovered his identity!
“Fellow Daoist stay back!”
At this moment, a green-shirted old man called out to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body shook slightly, but he still stopped!
After all, no one had spiritual power here, and with this strong physical body, Chen Ping did not need to be afraid of these people!
“Is there something wrong?”
Chen Ping turned to look at the green-shirted old man!
The green shirted old man stepped forward, walked up to Chen Ping, and said politely “Old man Ouyang Zhenhua, with a few juniors from his family, came to the polar region to practice, I wonder if this Taoist friend, is also coming to the polar region, to look for the place where the Immortals fell?”
Chen Ping looked at the old man, because the spiritual power was sealed by the array, and could not see his strength, but looking at the old man’s eyes, it should not be a low strength!