Another thunderbolt ruthlessly struck Chen Ping’s body.
This lightning tribulation was terrifyingly powerful, and the tremendous energy blew Ji Ruxue off her feet.
“Quick, hide inside the room ……”
Chen Ping shouted at Ji Ruxue.
Ji Ruxue was also a bit confused at this moment and hurriedly rushed inside the room.
The two lightning tribulations had almost blasted Chen Ping’s body black, like a burned dry corpse.
And after this thunderbolt, the light emanating from Chen Ping’s inner YuanYing surprisingly skyrocketed again!
Chen Ping was now all wrapped in golden light, and the layer of tanned substance, began to fall off, while the scars on Chen Ping’s body were gone.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s skin was white and shiny, better than a baby’s skin, as if it had grown anew.
This dumbfounded Ji Ruxue who was inside the room.
Chen Ping tried to control his body to stand up.
Soon the palms of his hands could move, followed by his feet, and soon Chen Ping slowly stood up.
At this moment, Chen Ping was glowing and his body radiated light.
But just as Chen Ping stood up, he suddenly felt a chill beneath him, and when he looked down suddenly, it almost scared Chen Ping to death.
It turned out that he was standing naked at the moment.
Chen Ping looked at Ji Ruxue who was looking at him through the window in the room, and Chen Ping almost died of embarra*sment.
With a pinch of his fingers, a blindfold instantly appeared and directly hid Chen Ping.
Chen Ping could not stand being surrounded by people like this.
What’s more, he had to undergo a lightning tribulation and could not be distracted.
Soon, dark clouds piled up, growing thicker and thicker, signalling that the third lightning tribulation was about to arrive.
Rumble …………
The third lightning tribulation struck down, a lightning bolt like a silver snake sprang out of the dark clouds, and the tremendous power blasted directly at Chen Ping.
The entire Red Lotus Palace was shaken by this thunderbolt blast.
This also caused many people of the Red Lotus Palace to wake up from their sleep.
No one dared to step out of their rooms, no one knew how such bad weather could happen at night.
They did not know that this D*mn weather was caused by Chen Ping.
When the thunderstorm smashed on top of Chen Ping’s body, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body flourished a few times.
Moreover, that firstborn baby also seemed to be growing like a baby, obviously larger than at the beginning.
Rumble …………
Another lightning tribulation fell.
Chen Ping sat on his knees, his eyes slightly closed, his divine sense entering directly into his body and observing the firstborn baby, not caring about his physical body in the slightest.
Now, if the firstborn baby did not die, Chen Ping could not die, even if his flesh rotted and disappeared, Chen Ping could still slowly recover.
Ka-ching ……
The thunderstorm that contained the power of heaven and earth ruthlessly smashed on top of Chen Ping’s body.
Each heavenly thunderbolt was more powerful than the previous one.
Chen Ping’s body was instantly split open, but it would soon be repaired by the golden light.
It was a good thing that Chen Ping had laid a blindfold so that Ji Ru Xue could not see him, otherwise she would have been scared enough to see him in this condition.
Rumble …………
A thunderstorm struck down, all the way through ten heavenly thunderstorms, ruthlessly striking Chen Ping’s body.
The dark clouds in the sky were slowly dissipating, and this thunderstorm was over.
But at this moment, Chen Ping, who was sitting on his knees on the ground, seemed to be dissatisfied with these ten thunderbolts.
This was because the more vicious the thunder tribulation was, the stronger it was for Chen Ping’s physical body to be tempered.
“Let’s have another thunder tribulation!”
Chen Ping tilted his head and waved his right hand fiercely forward, a golden light headed directly towards the dark clouds in the sky, randomly disappearing into them.
The dark clouds that had dissipated soon gathered together again.
The golden light that had entered the dark clouds, after weaving through the dark clouds, turned back towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was actually using his own strength to create the lightning tribulation, which would have made other people’s jaws drop if they had seen it.
If other people saw this, their jaws would have dropped. If they knew that other people would be in fear when they were in the midst of a thunderclap, how many people would be destroyed in the thunderclap.