When the day dawned, Chen Ping suddenly realised that something was wrong!
Only to see that in front of them, a terrifying crack had appeared, which was as if it had been chopped down by someone’s sword, separating the entire heaven and earth!
And on one side of the huge crack, whistling cold winds were travelling around, and countless pieces of space were rotating as if they were trying to harvest everything!
The space in front of everyone’s eyes was distorted, as if it was a chaos, and it was impossible to see what was inside!
The aura of danger spread around them, and everyone felt their hairs stand on end and their hearts tighten up!
The sense of oppression that this spatial chaos gave them was simply too strong!
It seemed that when this Celestial Realm was created by a powerful person, to prevent anyone from crossing the border by mistake, they had purposely made the border very terrifying!
“Mr Chen, look what’s on the other side ……”
At this moment, Bing Lu suddenly pointed at the opposite side of the huge crack and said!
Only to see that in the middle of the snow on the opposite side, densely packed polar stones were piled up!
It looked like there were thousands of them to say the least!
“So many Pole Stones, just cross over here and you can get them!”
Chen Ping said as he looked at the not very wide crack!
Although there was a suppression of their flight here, this kind of crack could still be easily crossed over!
Only, the most dangerous thing was the twisted and distorted chaotic space on the opposite side!
If they were not careful and were sucked inside, they would be completely doomed!
Just as Chen Ping was hesitating whether to cross over and take the opposite pole stone, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke up!
“Don’t cross over here, you won’t be able to cross over, this crack was cut out by me with my sword.”
“I recall some memories, I once fought here, perhaps I still have skeletons buried in this place!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with a slight frown!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was beheaded here, so a battle must have happened!
It would be reasonable to say that this crack was made by the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s sword, after all, he was a Demon Monarch of the Nine Heavens of the Heavenly Realm, and this kind of strength was still there!
“What else do you recall? Do you know who the person who beheaded you is? Do you know if there are any extreme stone mines here!”
Chen Ping asked excitedly!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch shook his head “I can’t recall who killed me, and I don’t know if there are any extreme stone mines, the extreme stones are no different from rubbish to me, so how could I possibly be concerned about them!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord’s words did make sense!
Polar stones were only helpful to cultivators who practised ice techniques, if it was for some Immortal Dharma, Demon Dharma and the like, it was really the same as rubbish!
“This crack isn’t too wide, why can’t I pass through it?”
Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Lord!
“Just try throwing a stone and you’ll know!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
Chen Ping half-heartedly picked up a stone and then threw it across the room with force!
But the stone had just been thrown out, and surprisingly, from within that huge crack, a powerful aura instantly tore that stone apart!
“What …… is going on here?”
Chen Ping was surprised!
“This crack was caused by one of my swords, in this crack, there is still a remnant of the power of that sword of mine at that time, although it has gone through thousands of years, this power has not dissipated yet.”
“With your current strength, it’s impossible to cross over, if you reach the Mahayana realm, you might still be able to cross over!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Then what to do? Watch those pole stones not be wanted?”
“You said you were fine, what are you doing chopping out such a crack, it’s too annoying ……”
Chen Ping was speechless!
There was no way to get his hands on the pole stones that were in his hands!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch rolled his eyes and said, “You think I’m happy to cut out a crack, but whenever a sword hits the other side, it’s impossible for this crack to appear.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch obviously chopped the sword empty, and as a result, a crack appeared!