“Fear not, Xiao Yun’s condition has been brought under control, a Gong pharmacist came today, he can cure Xiao Yun’s illness, now that the condition is under control, Xiao Yun won’t have an attack for a while.”
Sun City Lord explained!
Once Old Jia heard that Sun Xiao Yun’s illness was under control, he also became happy “That’s really great, I also brought an apothecary to heal Xiao Yun, but now it seems that he won’t be able to use it.”
Sun City Lord glanced at Cai Hongwei and Chen Ping behind Old Jia, then said “Big brother, the pharmacist you brought is just right, now Xiao Yun her mother is anxious and bedridden because of Xiao Yun’s illness, just right to give over to take a look at it ……”
“Good!” Old Jia nodded, then brought Cai Hongwei and Chen Ping to follow City Lord Sun to their dormitory!
Walking into the bedchamber, Chen Ping saw that a girl was sitting on the bed, her face covered in tearstains, while on the bed lay a woman, her face pale, and although her eyes were open, they were lifeless!
“Big uncle ……”
Sun Xiaoyun saw Old Jia coming and hurriedly got up and shouted!
Seeing that Sun Xiaoyun was fine, Old Jia was full of joy and then said to Chen Ping “My great niece is fine, you help my younger sibling take a look ……”
“Big brother, the pharmacist you mentioned is him?”
When the Sun City Lord saw Old Jia talking after Chen Ping, he was a bit confused!
He had thought that Cai Hongwei was the pharmacist and Chen Ping was a small follower!
After all, Chen Ping was too young, and it wasn’t rare to see such a young pharmacist!
Sun Xiaoyun was also puzzled “Uncle, this pharmacist is also too young, right?”
“Let him try it first, it was also recommended by my old friend of many years, it shouldn’t be wrong.”
Old Jia said!
“City Lord Sun, this Apothecary Chen was recommended by me, I’ve been travelling from the Central Domain to the Southern Domain all year round, and I’ve never seen an Apothecary of Chen’s level before.”
Cai Hongwei followed City Lord Sun and said!
“You are?” City Lord Sun sized up Cai Hongwei!
“Second brother, this is Boss Cai, who often comes to the Southern Domain for Taobao.” Old Jia said!
“Oh, I know, I’ve heard about it, since it was recommended by Boss Cai, let’s take a look ……”
Only then did City Lord Sun feel relieved to let Chen Ping treat his wife!
Chen Ping stepped forward, glanced at Lady Sun, then with a lift of his hand, a spiritual qi flowed through his fingertips, then transformed into an invisible needle that pierced into Lady Sun’s body!
After only a few moments, Madam Sun’s face began to improve, while Chen Ping casually pulled out a pill and said “Give this pill to Madam Sun to eat, the person will be fine, it’s just a rush of fire, it’s not a problem ……”
Sun Xiaoyun took the elixir in Chen Ping’s hand, but when Sun Xiaoyun’s hand unintentionally touched Chen Ping’s, Chen Ping’s brow was instantly wrinkled!
However, Sun Xiaoyun did not notice the change in Chen Ping’s expression, but instead took the elixir and fed it to her mother!
Lady Sun, who had eaten the elixir, quickly became alive and pulled on Sun Xiao Yun’s hand!
City Lord Sun also knew that his wife’s illness was not serious, and the fact that Chen Ping was able to heal her did not mean anything!
But polite words were still to be said!
“Apothecary Chen, thank you so much, I will order someone to send 10,000 spirit coins in thanks.”
City Lord Sun said!
But what Chen Ping wanted was not the ten thousand spirit coins, he wanted Old Jia’s tree!
“City Lord Sun, can I take the liberty of asking, which medicine master cured your daughter’s illness? Do you know that pharmacist?”
Chen Ping asked!
“I don’t understand, the other party came with an unveiled list, what’s the problem?”
City Lord Sun asked suspiciously!
“Of course there is, just now I inadvertently touched Miss Sun and realised that there is actually a faint demonic aura in her body, this should be left over from the other party’s examination of Miss Sun.”
“There is also the fact that Miss Sun is not sick, the reason why she is like this is because she has been poisoned, and this toxin has penetrated into her bloodstream, which has caused this appearance.”
Chen Ping said with a grave expression!