“Sister, are you all right?”
Minnie ran over and said to Ji Ruxue.
“I’m fine, thanks to Chen Ping, otherwise I wouldn’t have been able to come back.”
When Ji Ru Xue finished speaking, she gave Chen Ping an affectionate look.
Ji Ru Xue’s expression was all seen in Xiao Min’s eyes, at this moment Xiao Min smiled wickedly, “Then I really have to thank big brother Chen, oh, I can’t call him big brother Chen, I think it’s time to call him brother-in-law ……”
Xiao Min’s words made Ji Ru Xue blush instantly and glared at Xiao Min, “You D*mn girl, what are you talking nonsense about, see if I don’t beat you up ……”
Ji Ru Xue ran after Xiao Min into the Red Lotus Palace, while Chen Ping followed with a faint smile.
Because they hadn’t rested all night, several people quickly fell asleep!
…………
After dawn, Wancheng, the Zhou family!
Looking at the Zhou Family, which had long since become a ruin, many people were pointing and pointing.
Some martial arts families in particular were all incredulous, wondering just what kind of person was able to make the Zhou Family into ruins overnight.
Zhou Tianyin, who was the head of the Zhou family, came back and looked at his second brother’s corpse, and the Zhou family that had become rubble, and his whole person was furious to the extreme!
“Who is it, who the hell did this, I will definitely break him into pieces ……”
Zhou Tianyin raised the sky and roared, a terrifying killing aura rolled out!
As a Martial Marquis, Zhou Tianyin usually only cared about looking around for resources to cultivate and rarely bothered about the family’s affairs.
But he did not want the Zhou family to be in this state when he returned this time.
How could one say that the Zhou family was a top martial family in Wancheng, what kind of person had such a deep hatred towards the Zhou family.
Not only did he kill his own brother, but he had also destroyed the Zhou family.
“Master, it …… is someone from the Red Lotus Palace ……”
At this moment, a Zhou family subordinate, shivering, knelt down in front of Zhou Tianyin and said.
“Red Lotus Palace?”
Zhou Tianyin frowned, “How could the Red Lotus Palace be so strong that it could destroy the Zhou Family? Even if that Red Lotus Palace’s Palace Master Ji Ru Xue personally stepped in, she would never be a match for my Zhou Family, how could she kill my second brother and destroy the Zhou Family?”
“Where are the two of them, Zhou Feng, Zhou Yu? I asked them to watch over the family, why are they nowhere to be seen?”
When Zhou Tianyin left, he deliberately explained that Zhou Feng and Zhou Yu were guarding the house, because he knew that his brother was lustful and prone to attracting trouble.
Now that the Zhou family was like this, but the two men were nowhere to be seen, which made Zhou Tianyin very angry.
“Master, both Zhou Feng and Zhou Yu are dead, already dead ……”
The subordinate hurriedly said.
“Dead?” Zhou Tianyin was stunned, “Where are their bodies?”
“There are no corpses left, the two of them took the enhancement liquid, but they still couldn’t hold it off, they were directly blown up by the Red Lotus Palace’s people, there are no corpses left ah ……”
Thinking about the battle last night, this Zhou family’s subordinate was trembling with fear.
“What?” At this moment, Zhou Tianyin’s entire face turned ugly to the extreme.
He really could not imagine how the Red Lotus Palace could have such a powerful expert?
If it was really someone from the Red Lotus Palace, then the Red Lotus Palace would not have been unknown in the entire southwest for so long.
“Tell me all the details of what happened, and what about Xiao Da’s corpse?”
Zhou Tianyin wondered what had happened during the time he had been away, and how the corpse of Xiao Da from the Sacred Beast Palace could also appear in the Zhou family.
Soon, the subordinate followed Zhou Tianyin and told him exactly what had happened.
Only this subordinate did not know that the one who killed last night was Chen Ping, he only knew that it was the one who came to save Ji Ru Xue, and it should be someone from the Red Lotus Palace.
But Zhou Tianyin didn’t think so, because he knew almost everyone who could have such means in the Red Lotus Palace and even in the entire southwest, and there were not many of them.
“You immediately gather your men and follow me to the Red Lotus Palace, no matter what the other party is, this revenge, I must take ……”
Zhou Tianyin gritted his teeth, a murderous aura flickering in his eyes.