Saying that, Old Fan asked the waiter to bring another pot of wine, Chen Ping just smiled lightly and settled the bill!
Then he took out another pile of money and put it on the bar and said to the waiter, “Put this money here, from now on this old gentleman will not be allowed to collect money when he comes to drink ……”
“Okay ……” The waiter looked at the pile of money and hurriedly put it away!
“Hahahaha, little brother has gumption and style, much better than that stingy fellow Old Hu.”
“Let’s go, take you guys to my house for a seat ……”
Old Fan laughed loudly and put his arm around Chen Ping’s shoulders!
Hu Pazzi gave that Old Fan a fierce glare, and then several people walked out of the tavern!
Just as the three of them walked out of the tavern, Chen Ping felt that someone seemed to be following behind him, but just as Chen Ping was about to turn around to see who it was, he was gently pressed by Old Fan on his shoulder, “Don’t turn around ……”
When Chen Ping saw this, he pretended not to know and continued to walk forward!
All the way to a secluded place, Old Fan stopped in his tracks, and his originally hazy eyes instantly became bright!
“If you don’t want to die, get out ……”
Old Fan’s voice was very soft, yet it had a great penetrating power, even if they were hundreds of meters apart, they could still be heard clearly!
After hearing Old Fan’s voice, only to see two martial artists dressed in samurai uniforms come out from a hidden place behind them!
“A bunch of Watanabe clan’s brats, they dare to follow me too?”
Old Fan’s eyes faintly stared as an invisible killing aura instantly enveloped those two samurai!
Seeing this, the two samurai trembled in fear and knelt down on the ground in a panic: “Master Fan, forgive us, we don’t dare to follow you, we are following this man ……”
The two warriors pointed at Chen Ping, but Old Fan knew that these people didn’t dare to follow him!
“This man is my friend, why are you following him?”
Old Fan questioned.
The two warriors looked at each other, but neither dared to say anything!
“Hmph ……” Old Fan snorted coldly, followed by a soft exhale, and saw a faint mist instantly envelop the two warriors!
“Ah …………”
The two warriors wailed in pain.
“Master Fan, it …… was our family master who asked us to investigate this man because he saved our grand lady and our family master wants to know the details of this man ……”
A warrior couldn’t bear the pain and hurriedly spoke up!
Seeing this, Old Fan flicked his hand and the two samurai’s pain instantly disappeared and they all stood up with trepidation!
“Now you know, he’s my friend, go back and tell that Watanabe Fumio kid not to hit my friend.”
Old Fan said coldly.
“Got it, got it ……”
The two Watanabe family warriors turned and ran away in fear!
After the two samurai ran away, Chen Ping followed by Hu Ma Zi both looked at that Old Fan with great shock!
None of them could understand why Old Fan, such a scruffy old drunkard, would be afraid of the Watanabe family’s warriors.
They even called him Master Fan in one breath.
Didn’t they say that in the whole of Xijing, the Watanabe family was the largest family and no one dared to mess with it?
Now this situation, it seemed like the Watanabe family’s people didn’t dare to mess with Old Fan.
“Old Fan, what is this situation? How come the Watanabe family’s warriors call you Master Fan and are so afraid of you?”
Hu Ma Zi asked, puzzled.
“Because they know that if they annoy me, I will kill them ……”
Old Fan said with a faint smile.
Hu Pazzi wanted to ask something else, but was interrupted by Old Fan: “Well, let’s talk about it after we get home ……”
Hu Pazzi followed Chen Ping and kept walking with Old Fan for more than half an hour before arriving at a village on the outskirts!
This village looked quiet and peaceful, and Old Fan’s house was inside the village!
It was a very dilapidated wooden house!