“Ah …………”
Huben, furious and hissing loudly, charged at Chen Ping once more!
But Chen Ping took out his Dragon Chopping Sword, a cold light flashed, and the Dragon Chopping Sword was instantly placed against Huben’s neck!
The cold chill instantly sobered up the furious Huben!
Huben looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, and his expression became slightly panicked!
“You …… you want to kill me or not?”
“I can tell you, I am the great general of the guards of this imperial city, if you kill me, you won’t be able to walk out of here!”
Huben threatened at Chen Ping!
“If you weren’t the Great General of this Imperial City Guard, you would have your head on the ground by now, get the hell out of here right now ……”
Chen Ping said coldly!
Huben looked at Chen Ping and felt the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, finally he could only grit his teeth and turn around and leave!
“You wait for me, I will never give up in peace ……”
After walking out some way, Huben turned his head towards Chen Ping and roared!
Chen Ping didn’t care, instead he put away the Dragon Chopping Sword and looked coldly at Li Xing!
Only Li Xing didn’t say anything, but turned and left!
Li Xing did not return to his residence, but went straight to Huben’s mansion!
Huben was a great general of the Imperial City guards, and now that he had been humiliated by Chen Ping in public, he must be angry in his heart!
Moreover, Li Xing also knew that this Huben had been eyeing Isha and liked her!
“Ah ………… I’m furious, a little human, how dare he humiliate me like this!”
“I must kill him, I must kill him ……”
Huben returned to his mansion and began to smash things over and over again, venting his anger!
A few slaves were on the sidelines, each one shivering in fear!
Just then, Li Xing walked in with a smile on his face, and when he saw that Li Xing had come to his mansion, Huben was stunned!
But at this moment, Huben was angry, so he coldly asked Li Xing, “What are you doing here?”
“Are you here to see my joke?”
After all, Li Xing was also here to marry Isha, and whoever stole Princess Isha from him was his enemy!
This Knight Star is no exception ……
“Great General Huben, how could I possibly look at your jokes, according to age, I still have to call you a big brother, I as a junior brother, how could I laugh at big brother!”
Li Xing said with a faint smile!
It could be said that Knight Star had lowered his status a lot, to know that as the prince of Ming Li King City, there was no need for him to stoop so low!
However, Knight Star had done so in order to understand the strength of Demon Emperor City and to better annex Demon Emperor City!
As the great general of the Imperial City’s guards, the entire Imperial City’s guards were under Huben’s command, so if he could bring Huben to his side, then the annexation of the Demon Imperial City would become much easier!
Huben was still angry, but was somewhat overwhelmed by Li Xing’s shout of big brother!
After all, he was a prince, but he was calling him brother and calling him big brother, which made Huben a bit flattered!
“Prince Knight Star, you are a prince, and although I am a great general, I am just a subordinate, don’t call me that!”
Huben said as he changed his attitude!
“Brother Huben, what prince or not, I just admire Brother Huben’s character, if Brother Huben does not mind, I am willing to follow Brother Huben as a brother!”
“That way, I can call you Brother in name only!”
Li Xing said with a serious face!
Huben’s face was full of surprise, he didn’t expect that Knight Star, being a prince, would want to form an obeisance with him, something he had never expected!
But soon, Huben shook his head and said, “Prince Knight Star, you must not, after a while, you will be the son-in-law of our Princess Isa, the aunt of our Demon Emperor City, how can the two of us tie the knot?”