Inside the deep cave of the valley!
Chen Ping’s body was slowly descending, and his mind was getting fuzzier and fuzzier as he felt the dense aura of evil around him!
He seemed to be able to feel something pa*sing by, like the undead, but it didn’t seem to be.
If they were the undead, why didn’t they attack him?
Without realising it, Chen Ping lost consciousness!
His body was still falling, but it was as if he was being held by something, and the speed of his descent was very slow!
When Chen Ping’s body finally touched a round platform and stopped falling, countless undead surrounded him, but after taking one look at Chen Ping, they did not attack, but crawled towards the outside of the cave!
Chen Ping just lay there quietly, countless undead pa*sed by, but none of them attacked him!
After an unknown amount of time, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, but what he saw was nothing but darkness and an endless number of undead.
The undead were emitting a faint white glow in the deep cave, and then floated towards the top one by one.
Looking at so many undead, Chen Ping was terrified, holding his Dragon Chopper sword in his hand and watching the surroundings!
Only a moment later, Chen Ping realised that the undead seemed to be invisible to him and did not attack him!
At this moment, Chen Ping finally breathed a sigh of relief and then began to survey his surroundings!
Because of the darkness around him, Chen Ping could not see anything, but he could see the round platform beneath his feet clearly!
Chen Ping turned around on it and found that it was a hundred metres in diameter and very huge, except that there seemed to be space underneath it, and it was as if it was suspended in mid-air!
“What exactly is this place?”
Chen Ping remembered that he had jumped into the deep hole underneath that divine altar, but he had never thought that there would be such a large space within this deep hole!
Chen Ping spread out his divine sense and wanted to explore, but when his mind moved, he realized that the spiritual energy in his dantian had long been empty!
Helplessly, Chen Ping could only sit on his knees and start to recover his strength!
Luckily, there was dense Yin and Fury Qi here, which to Chen Ping was no different from spiritual Qi, and could quickly allow Chen Ping to recover!
But Chen Ping had just activated his Heart Condensation Skill when he couldn’t help but frown “Huh, why does there seem to be that Ning Zhi’s aura here?”
Chen Ping was very surprised, how could Ning Zhi’s aura appear in this place!
Chen Ping couldn’t remember how long it had been since he had seen Ning Zhi, and he didn’t even know if Ning Zhi was still alive or not!
But now that Ning Zhi’s aura had suddenly appeared here, it instantly reminded Chen Ping of him again!
But Chen Ping was only amazed for a moment, and then he started to quickly go into cultivation!
He didn’t believe that Ning Zhi would have appeared here, after all, he had opened this place without thinking, so it was possible that Ning Zhi could have been here!
Just as Chen Ping was rapidly cultivating and recovering, Yue Buqun and Qu Yunchang, who were in the secret realm, were both already anxious as hell!
Yue Buqun and the others had all recovered, but they hadn’t seen Chen Ping yet, which made everyone very anxious!
They were all afraid that if Chen Ping ran into Leng Wu Dao and the others, it would be fatal.
Chen Ping alone would definitely not be a match for Leng Wu Dao’s men, and if he ran into them, he would definitely die!
“How is it? Have you found Mr. Chen yet?”
Qu Yunchang asked with a frown and an anxious face.
Yue Buqun shook his head “No, this time I searched out for 200 miles, but I still haven’t found Mr. Chen’s figure.”
“Senior Qu, I haven’t found him either, I’ve sent all my disciples out, and I still haven’t heard from him!”
The divine Reckoner also shook his head and said!
Hearing this, Qu Yunchang had a vague feeling of bad foreboding in his heart!
If Chen Ping was alright, he definitely wouldn’t have not returned for so many days, and he should have known that he would be worried about him.
Since he hadn’t come back, he must have been in danger!
“Let’s split up and go look for him now, and in three days, whether we find him or not, we’ll meet at this place.”
Qu Yunchang said, and with a flash of his body, he was gone!
Yue Buqun and the Divine Calculus also split up and went off in various directions in search of one another.