When Xu Changsheng saw this, he could only nod and then went to call Chen Ping.
“We’re going to call Chen Ping, you can put the child down now ……”
Long Wu said as he looked to Kawashima Hiroji.
“I will naturally let them go when I see that Chen Ping ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi said with a cold smile.
Now, all that could be done was to wait for then Chen Ping to arrive.
Xu Changsheng quickly went to Chen Ping’s room, who, at that moment, was sitting cross-legged, his divine sense entering the Ninety Thousand Mile Mountain and River Map to cultivate!
“Valley Master ……”
Xu Changsheng gave Chen Ping a gentle nudge.
Chen Ping’s divine sense returned instantly, and when he opened his eyes to see that it was Xu Changsheng, Chen Ping was surprised and asked, “Elder Xu, what’s wrong?”
Chen Ping knew that if Xu Changsheng did not have any urgent matters, he would not easily wake him up from his cultivation.
“Valley Master, the a*sa*sins from the island have found this place and are now inside the valley, slaughtering indiscriminately ……”
Xu Changsheng said with a face of grief and anger.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, his entire body instantly turned into a stream of light and rushed out.
Xu Changsheng followed closely behind him.
When Chen Ping arrived, his eyes lit up with rage when he looked at the corpses on the ground and the two children in the hands of that Kawashima Hiroji.
“I am Chen Ping, it is me you want to kill, let the children go ……”
Chen Ping looked at Kawashima Hiroshi coldly and said in an icy voice.
Kawashima Hiroshi sized up Chen Ping, then smiled lightly, “You finally showed up, I thought you were going to be a shrinking turtle all along.”
“Second brother, you are really good at this, using this method, you have directly forced this Chen Ping out.”
Kawashima Hirosan said with a grin.
“That’s for sure, do you think I’m like you, with only women in my eyes? You have to know how to use your head.”
Kawashima Hiroshi said with a smug look on his face.
“Mama …… Mama ………….”
The two children struggled against Hiroji Kawashima’s hands and shouted.
“Hahahaha, I’m sending you to your mommy ……”
After Kawashima Hiroshi finished speaking, he directly threw the two children out.
Seeing this, Chen Ping leapt physically and caught the two children tightly.
But when the two children reached Chen Ping’s hands, they were no longer crying and had no breath of life. Chen Ping hurriedly poked out two spiritual energy to save the two children, but he found that that Kawashima Hiroshi had already used strong qi to shatter the internal organs of the two children.
Chen Ping slowly put down the two children and gritted his teeth as he looked at the five island warriors in front of him.
“You deserve to die, all of you islanders deserve to die ……”
The murderous aura rose up from Chen Ping’s body, and immediately afterwards, it filled the entire Pill God Valley!
And those other Pill God Valley disciples, seeing the other party kill even two children, were all furious, their red eyes staring deadly at the five island warriors.
They could not wait to rush forward now and devour these five people alive.
“You don’t have to be so angry, because soon, like these two boys, you will all go to hell.”
Kawashima Hiromichi said with a cold smile.
Killing two children was nothing more than a normal thing for them.
With trembling hands, Xu Changsheng picked up the two children, tears in his eyes like the mouth of a broken river.
The few girls, Gu Ling’er and the others, all cried out as anger erupted from their bodies.
“All Pill God Valley disciples listen to the order, kill these five beasts, even if it costs the lives of all my Pill God Valley disciples, we must not let these five beasts leave ……”
Xu Changsheng looked up to the sky and ordered loudly.
“Kill these five beasts.”
“Kill these five beasts.”
………………
All the disciples of Pill God Valley shouted angrily, at this moment they didn’t have the slightest fear, even if they had to die, they would never retreat a step.
“Hahahaha, with just you ants, it’s as easy as pie to kill you all ……”
Kawashima Hiromichi laughed out loud.