Hal’s smile instantly froze on his face as he said with incredulity, “That’s impossible, there’s no way you guys could have destroyed that place.”
“Since you don’t believe me, there’s nothing I can do.”
Chen Ping shrugged his shoulders and said.
“Don’t care if that altar is destroyed or not, now none of you can escape, if you want to die a painful death, then kill yourself ……”
Hal didn’t panic at all now that he had the guards on hand!
“Hmph, with just this number of you, you still want us to kill ourselves?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, then said loudly, “You guys don’t watch the show, let’s do it ……”
With Chen Ping’s words, immediately afterwards, a sound of fighting could be heard outside!
Only to see a group of girls, all of them fierce and fierce, killing into the guard!
The girls were of varying strengths, but to deal with the soldiers of the guard, it was a hand-to-hand combat, simply a descending blow!
In less than a minute, there were people lying outside, wailing and wailing!
And Gu Ling’er and her group of girls walked into the room!
Anna simply, hurriedly greeted them, with a smile on her face, and no longer afraid.
Hal was straight up confused, he couldn’t figure out how this bunch of seemingly soft girls could be so powerful!
The few captains of the guards were simply, one by one, their faces ashen and they fell to their knees with a poof.
Begging for the Duke of Ross’s forgiveness!
“I can forgive you for your crimes if you have arrested Hal ……”
Duke Ross said.
He knew that these guard captains were just under compulsion.
As soon as several of the guard captains heard this, they all stepped in and arrested that Hal, and that wizard didn’t escape being arrested!
But what would be the fate of Hal, Chen Ping did not want to ask!
After staying at the Duke’s residence for two days, Chen Ping planned to take Gu Ling’er and the others back, now that the strength of the Dragon Cutting Sword was comparable to that of a Martial Saint weapon, Chen Ping planned to return to Kyoto and go to the Martial Alliance to verify if Su Yuqi inside the dungeon was real or not.
As Chen Ping and the others prepared to leave, Duke Rose gave Chen Ping and the others a grand farewell ceremony!
After all, without Chen Ping, there was no telling what Duke Rose’s dukedom would have become!
“Chen Ping, thank you so much for everything you’ve done for our dukedom, I’ll drink to you ……”
Duke Ross said, and smothered a gla*s of vodka in one gulp!
Chen Ping didn’t show any weakness and downed it in one gulp as well!
Now the wine, to Chen Ping, was no different following water!
“Chen Ping, what do you think of my daughter?”
Duke Rose suddenly asked to Chen Ping.
“Princess Anna is quite good, lively and cheerful, and pretty, especially those big eyes, very attractive.”
Chen Ping said truthfully.
“Then do you like my daughter?” Duke Rose asked again.
This time, Chen Ping gave a freeze.
Chen Ping did not know how to answer Duke Rose!
If he said he didn’t like her, it would be a bit against his heart, after all, Princess Anna was very beautiful and open, and often tickled Chen Ping’s heart!
But if he said he liked it, Chen Ping had so many women around him now that he sometimes couldn’t figure out what he really needed.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not say anything, that Duke of Ross said, “Chen Ping, my daughter likes you, I can see that, if you can be with my daughter, I can let you stay in the Bear Kingdom.”
“You should know that in the future, my position will be pa*sed to Anna to sit, and maybe Anna can even become the future Queen.”
“And you, as Anna’s man, will receive supreme honour and wealth ……”
These words from Duke Ross would be a great temptation for anyone!
Unfortunately for Chen Ping, what honour, what wealth, he didn’t care!
Letting him stay in the Bear Kingdom was even less likely!
“Thank you Duke of Ross for your kindness, I really have no way to stay in the Bear Country, sorry ……”
Chen Ping politely declined.
Duke Ross then sighed and said, “Feelings cannot be forced, I respect your choice.”
While Anna, who was not far away, was already in tears by now ……