It turned out that these few people, not all of them were from the Luo family.
“You guys …………”
When Luo Xiang heard this, he almost didn’t get angry.
“Hahahaha, my people are right.” At that moment, a loud laugh came, followed by Ning Zhi slowly walking over with a few people, “Luo Xiang, you are the young master of the Luo family, so what can you do? Whether you live or die, what does it have to do with my Ning family?”
Seeing that Ning Zhi had actually come, Luo Xiang was furious, “Ning Zhi, what do you mean? Didn’t we agree on this? When the treasure arrives, one of us will split it in half?”
“Who the hell is going to share with you? This is Kyoto, it’s my territory, you still want to share with me? It’s just a daydream.”
“I want all the treasures on Chen Ping’s body, and I also want his life ……”
It was only at this point that Chen Ping could see that among those people Luo Xiang had brought with him, there were actually people from the Ning family.
I didn’t expect the two families to unite against themselves.
However, looking at the appearance, Luo Xiang was tricked by Ning Zhi.
Luo Xiang looked at Ning Zhi angrily, “Ning Zhi, don’t regret it, my Luo family is not that easy to bully, even in Kyoto, I can make your Ning family disappear completely as well.”
Luo Xiang’s words instantly made Ning Zhi laugh out loud.
“You’re so f*cking funny, look at the situation now, do you have any chance of surviving?”
Ning Zhi finished, then looked at Chen Ping, “You do it now and kill him, then kneel down in front of me obediently, I can still give you a painful time.”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi grimly, although this fellow wasn’t much stronger, he had a deep heart and was a difficult fellow to deal with.
If Ning Zhi hadn’t deliberately exposed his secret in the Martial Dao Forum, Chen Ping wouldn’t have been targeted by so many sects and families.
“Chen Ping, let me go, as long as you let me go, all of my grudges, Luo Xiang, will be settled with you.”
“All your treasures, I am not prying, what do you think?”
Luo Xiang said to Chen Ping.
Only Chen Ping did not let go of his hand, because he did not know if this was another play sung by the two, Luo Xiang and Ning Zhi, in collusion.
If he let Luo Xiang go and the two were to join forces, then he would definitely die.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not trust him, Luo Xiang was a little anxious, he was really afraid that Chen Ping would kill himself.
“Chen Ping, you and I have no enmity in the first place, it was me who lost my mind and was instigated by this Ning Zhi, and that’s why I struck out at you.”
“I promise that after you let me go, I will never be your enemy again.”
“And the two of us can even join forces together to deal with this Ning Zhi!”
“Otherwise, if you kill me, you won’t be able to escape this Ning Zhi’s poisonous hands!”
Luo Xiang said with a sincere face.
Chen Ping looked at Luo Xiang and finally slowly let go of his hand!
After Luo Xiang was free from Chen Ping’s control, Ning Zhi was also a bit dumbfounded, he did not expect that Chen Ping would really dare to release Luo Xiang.
Luo Xiang regained his freedom and immediately looked at Ning Zhi angrily, “Ning Zhi, today, I want your f*cking life, you dare to play me ……”
With that, the aura on Luo Xiang’s body continued to erupt, followed by a slap towards Ning Zhi.
Luo Xiang’s strength had long been at the peak of Martial Sect and was about to break through to the half-step Martial Marquis level, while Ning Zhi was only just promoted to the peak of Martial Sect.
There was still a gap between their strengths, so when Luo Xiang’s punch came, Ning Zhi did not dare to resist it and hurriedly dodged to the side.
Luo Xiang didn’t stop, he sidestepped and followed up with another punch.
The powerful wind whistled up and the huge impact directly sent Ning Zhi flying.
Ning Zhi’s body smashed heavily into a tree, directly breaking the tree.
Those underlings of the Ning Family hurriedly served Ning Zhi up.
“Paralyzed, are you all dead men? Give me a go ……”
Ning Zhi roared at those underlings.
Soon, those underlings of the Ning Family attacked towards Luo Xiang.