The current Chen Ping had incomparable confidence, he knew that no matter who followed him, he could not be his opponent!
In the entire Beast City, even that Criminal Dao Rong and the others were not their own rivals, so there was even less need to mention the others!
Only to see a petite figure walk out from behind a tree!
“Missy? What are you following me for?”
Chen Ping saw that what walked out was actually the youngest sister, and asked with some shock!
“I …… want to follow you, no matter where you go, I will follow you. ”
“My brother is dead, I have no relatives …… anymore.”
The youngest sister said to Chen Ping!
“Don’t follow me, it’s too dangerous, just stay well in Beast City, I’ve already told General Xing to take good care of you.”
Chen Ping said to Missy!
“I don’t care, I’ll follow you, I know you can’t see me, I’m not as pretty as Xiong Ying, but I’ll follow you.”
“Wherever you go, I’ll go, if you think I’m in the way, you can slap me to death right now!”
“I’ll only give up if I die, otherwise you don’t want to leave me behind!”
The youngest sister said with firm eyes!
Looking at youngest sister’s determined eyes, Chen Ping could only sigh helplessly!
“Okay, you follow, but in danger, I won’t save you, I have to save my own life!”
Chen Ping scared the youngest sister and said!
“I’m not afraid, death is death, you don’t have to care about me!”
The youngest sister stood next to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping could only take Missy along with him, and the two of them left the boundaries of Beast City!
When the youngest sister followed Chen Ping through the illusionary formations around Beast City and saw the outside world, the whole person was excited like a child!
Chen Ping brought the youngest sister straight to South End City, Ji Yun was still waiting for himself in South End City!
Chen Ping was going to follow Ji Yun to make a rendezvous before taking the airship to leave!
…………
Demon Sealing Alliance Headquarters!
After experiencing the Xiao Dynasty, Zuo Tianzheng was a lot more honest!
With the hundred year offering sent out, he didn’t dare to look for trouble with Chen Ping!
All day long, he was either cultivating in the great hall, or eating and drinking, and the whole person had thought about it!
All day long in the great hall either cultivating, or eating and drinking, the whole person wants to open up!
But today, when Zuo Tian was sitting in the great hall to cultivate, suddenly a figure slowly walked into the great hall!
“Bastard, don’t you know that when I’m cultivating, it’s forbidden to disturb?”
Zuo Tianzheng opened his mouth to curse!
In the Demon Sealing Alliance, no one dared to disobey him, as the alliance leader, this right was still there!
But that figure seemed to not hear Zuo Tianzheng’s angry curses and still walked towards him!
When he approached, Zuo Tianzheng frowned, because he found that the person in front of him, he unexpectedly did not recognise, and was not someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Who are you?”
Zuo Tianzheng vigilantly sized up the youth in front of him who was dressed in white!
The youth was also holding a knife in his hand, and the blade was emitting a cold light!
Being able to enter one’s hall without a word, and with no one on guard moving, Zuo Tianzheng knew that the strength of the youth in front of him must be extraordinary!
“Are you the Demon Sealing Alliance Lord Zuo Tianzheng?”
The youth looked at Zuo Tianzheng and opened his mouth to ask!
“Not bad, and you are?”
Zuo Tianzheng continued to ask!
“Take me to Xiao Dynasty and look for that Chen Ping ……”
The youth said!
Hearing that he wanted to find Chen Ping, Zuo Tianzheng seemed to think of something and hurriedly got up and asked, “Are you from the Ten Temples?”
The youth only nodded slightly and did not speak!
Seeing this, Zuo Tianzheng hurriedly walked down with a respectful demeanour!
Facing the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance, he was the high and mighty Alliance Master, and facing the people of the Ten Temples, he was nothing more than a dog!
“That Xiao Huangzhao is …………”
Zuo Tian was trying to introduce that Xiao Huangchao!
After all, he personally watched that Mr Shi renewed Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s qi for thousands of years, which was equivalent to covering Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Moreover, Mr Shi’s strength, Zuo Tianzheng had also seen it with his own eyes, and now the people of the Ten Temples wanted to go to Xiao Dynasty to find Chen Ping’s revenge, wasn’t that the same as looking for death!
But without waiting for Zuo Tianzheng to finish his sentence, the youth just gave Zuo Tianzheng a cold look and scared back his later words!
The youth walked outwards, and seeing this, Zuo Tianzheng could only follow helplessly!