The moment the stone door appeared, a force of formation fluctuations was instantly sensed by Chen Ping.
“A formation has actually been laid down here?”
Chen Ping said in amazement.
Even though it was close at hand just now, if the mechanism was not activated, Chen Ping would not have sensed the fluctuation of formation power here at all, but when the stone door appeared, Chen Ping sensed it right away.
It could be seen that the formation was very advanced, and Chen Ping’s current strength could not even lay down such an advanced formation.
“This is the Dragon Family dungeon, of course a formation will be laid, your mother is inside, but you have to be able to open this stone door to do so ……”
Long Xingxu said indifferently.
When Chen Ping heard the two words mother, his body trembled slightly, followed by a sharp-eyed momentary look at Long Xing Xu, a hand reached out and stuck Long Xing Xu’s neck.
“How do you know so many things?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, with this strength, Long Xingxu should not be highly used in the Long Family, but why did he know such a secret.
And this secret, it seemed, was only known to the Long family father and son now.
Long Xingxu was stuck by Chen Ping’s neck, breathing hard and his face turned red: “You’re stuck on me like this, how can I say ……”
Chen Ping saw that Long Xingxu was about to suffocate, so he let go of his hand and looked at Long Xingxu warily.
Because Long Xing Xu’s performance, followed his current strength does not match at all!
“Although I am not very strong, I am considered a side line of the Long Family, and the bloodline of the Long Family flows in my body, so this kind of thing is not a surprise even if I know it.”
Long Xingxu explained.
“Then why are you helping me? There’s not a fraud here, is there?”
Chen Ping asked cautiously.
Since Long Xingxu was a member of the Dragon family, why would he help himself?
“By helping you, I am helping myself, now that the Dragon Family’s qi has run out, I know that sooner or later you will have to kill that Dragon Family father and son, and then I will have the hope of sitting as the Dragon Family’s head!”
“And now that I’ve helped you, you wouldn’t return the favour, would you? Not to mention that we both have the same bloodline in our bodies, I am not as heartless as that Long Jingguo, who would drive his own sister and nephew to extinction ……”
When Long Xingxu said these words, he looked somewhat righteous and indignant.
Chen Ping stared at Long Xingxu with a deadly stare, he wanted to see through this guy’s mind to see if he was telling the truth or not!
Unfortunately, Chen Ping could not tell anything from Long Xingxu’s face.
But now, no matter if what Long Xing Xu said was true or not, Chen Ping planned to break in and save his mother.
Chen Ping took a fierce breath and a golden light began to flash on his hand, followed by a slap towards that stone door!
Boom …………
A light flashed by and Chen Ping was shaken out of the way by a huge force.
Chen Ping looked at the stone door in front of him in amazement, not expecting the power of this formation to be so great.
“This formation was laid by the ancestor of the Long Family hundreds of years ago, it cannot be opened that easily.”
“Now in the entire Long Family, only the family head can open it, every time I enter, I also have to choose to report to the family head before I can ……”
Long Xingxu said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but with a stretch of his hand, he sacrificed the Dragon Chopping Sword, then walked to the time door again.
Taking a deep breath, the power of the divine Dragon was injected within the Dragon Chopper Sword!
Buzz …………
As Chen Ping’s spiritual power was injected, the Dragon Chopping Sword also erupted with a brilliant light, and the entire sword body trembled as it seemed to become very excited as well!
“Break ……”
Chen Ping shouted, and the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand fiercely chopped out.
Clang!
The loud sound was deafening, and the terrifying recoil caused Chen Ping to take several steps backwards once again, while Long Xingxu, who was on the side, was directly knocked out by the terrifying aftershock, and smashed fiercely against the wall.
Chen Ping frowned, looking at the stone door in front of him, not even a trace was left behind, the power of this formation was beyond Chen Ping’s imagination, it seemed impossible to break this formation!
At this moment, Long Ruotong, who was within the dungeon, seemed to sense something, a look of excitement flashed in her eyes, and then looked at the direction of the dungeon entrance with a deadly gaze.