“Senior, senior …………”
Seeing this, Chen Ping Chen Ping rushed forward and struck a wisp of flame Qi into Hong San’s body!
No matter what, now that Chen Ping had accepted Hong San’s Bi Life Technique, he was considered a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect!
Whether Chen Ping admitted it or not, this was the result!
“Don’t waste your time, even if a Great Luo Golden Immortal descended to the earth, it would be impossible to resurrect me at the time, at the last moment, to be able to pass on my lifelong learning, I’m already very contented!”
Hong San smiled, not scared at all!
As this remnant soul dissipated, Hong San was considered to have disappeared from this world forever!
Chen Ping desperately wanted Hong San to exist for a while longer, but unfortunately it was useless, and in the end, Hong San’s residual soul dissipated into thin air!
Looking at the gradually dissipating Hong San, a wave of regret welled up within Chen Ping!
How can I say that it is also considered a generation of masters, created the Purple Flame Sect, but in the end, he died silently!
“Ai …… “After Chen Ping sighed lightly, he placed his gaze on that seal soul!
“This thing is going to be even more difficult than the Divine Flame Seal recognising its owner, I hope I can subdue it!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he instantly waved his hand, and several channels of Supreme Fire wrapped that Seal Soul!
The Seal Soul then desperately struggled against it, itself even emitting a fierce flame aura to resist!
Inside the entire room, the temperature instantly rose, reaching thousands of degrees!
However, Chen Ping possessed the True Fire Dharma Body, coupled with the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit, so he was not afraid!
Then he sat inside the room and began to subdue the seal soul!
And while Chen Ping was subduing the seal soul, in the divine fire volcano above his head, a flame shot up into the sky!
The Divine Flame Seal gradually levitated, causing the flames of the entire Divine Volcano to become even fiercer!
“Hahahaha, the Divine Flame Seal has appeared, finally the Divine Flame Seal has been found, it’s simply heaven’s help that it’s been found so quickly!”
Huo Yuan Ting looked at the suspended Divine Flame Seal, and his entire being laughed crazily!
After searching for two days and nights, the Divine Flame Seal was finally found.
Everyone looked at that Divine Flame Seal with excitement on their faces, and that Huo Dong even licked his lips with greed in his eyes!
Divine Flame Seal, with this thing, Huo Yuan Ting could become a true Sect Master!
An even more important point, with the Divine Flame Seal, Huo Dong would be able to use the Divine Flame Seal to break through the peak of the Transition Realm and reach the Mahayana Realm!
“Congratulations Sect Master Huo, this time throughout the entire Purple Flame Sect, who would dare to disobey you ah……”
Gu Tianzhao stepped forward and bragged to Huo Yuanting!
Huo Yuan Ting was very flattered, with a smug look on his face, and then his body moved, heading directly towards that Divine Flame Seal!
But just as Huo Yuan Ting approached the Divine Flame Seal and was about to grab it, there was a sudden cry of misery!
Only to see Huo Yuan Ting’s face pale, his entire body instantly falling downwards, gusts of white smoke rising from above his palms!
“What a fierce flame, I can’t even withstand the flaming aura of the Divine Flame Seal ……”
Huo Yuan Ting looked at his palm, his brows furrowed!
“Father, this Divine Flame Seal needs to be recognised as the owner before it can work, without it, the flame Qi within the Divine Flame Seal is very difficult to carry.”
Huo Dong hurriedly reminded Huo Yuan Ting!
Huo Yuanting hurriedly nodded, he was so excited that he forgot to recognise the owner!
Soon, a drop of essence blood was forced out of Huo Yuan Ting’s brow, and then that drop of essence blood floated towards the Divine Flame Seal!
As long as the Divine Flame Seal absorbed this drop of essence blood, then it would be considered a successful acknowledgement!
“Huo Yuan Ting, I won’t let you get the Divine Flame Seal ……”
Just as that drop of essence blood was about to be absorbed by the Divine Flame Seal, an icy voice suddenly came out!
Immediately after that, several figures appeared, and Huo Yuanting’s drop of essence blood was instantly dispersed under a white light!
It turned out to be Elder Yu and the others who had arrived in time to stop the Divine Flame Seal from recognising its owner!