“Did the Ge family suffer any damage?”
Chen Ping asked with concern.
Ge Cansheng shook his head, “Not yet, because we followed the Heavenly Law Tower alliance, no sects and families have targeted us yet.”
“But I believe it won’t be calm for long, the Secret Realm Conference, which has been cancelled for many years, is going to restart next month.”
“When that time comes, there will definitely be many deaths due to the distribution of resources and conflicts of interest, and the fights between the major mysterious realms will also reappear.”
When Chen Ping heard this, his eyebrows furrowed slightly, he had stopped the aura recovery to prevent the secular world from being plagued by living spirits!
But who knew that after the revival of spiritual energy was stopped, the mysterious realm of immortal cultivation was thrown into turmoil!
“Clan Elder Ge, what is that Secret Realm a*sembly for?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“Many years ago, the Eight Great Secret Realms would hold a Secret Realm a*sembly every year, and each Secret Realm would select representatives to participate in order to compete for and distribute the resources of the other Secret Realms!”
“The winning side of the Secret Realm Conference was qualified to go to the other losing side of the Secret Realm to select resources, only that along with the rumours of a spiritual revival, the Secret Realm Conference was terminated!”
“All the sects and families are actively preserving their strength and waiting for the spiritual qi to recover ……”
“But now that the Spiritual Qi recovery has turned into a bubble, all Secret Realm Conferences have restarted.”
Ge Cansheng explained.
“Where will the Secret Realm Congress be held? After all, the party hosting the place will definitely have an advantage.”
Chen Ping asked.
“Instead of being held in these eight mysterious realms, it would be held in an unowned mysterious realm that was barren of resources and not willing to be occupied, so it would become the place where the conference was held!”
“This way, it would be considered fair for every secret realm.”
Ge Cansheng said.
“Then what does Clan Elder Ge want me to do when he finds me here?”
Chen Ping was puzzled, after all, for a battle like this Secret Realm a*sembly, with Chen Ping’s current strength, he was not qualified to participate at all!
Don’t look at the fact that Chen Ping was already an invincible existence in the Secular Realm, but in the Secret Realm, that wouldn’t count for much!
One had to know that there were as many Martial Saints in the Secret Realm as there were dogs, and there were an unknown number of Martial Saints in the Ge family alone.
Like Ge Yuhan who was only in her twenties and had already reached the strength of a Martial Saint!
“Mr. Chen, I’ve come to find you because I want you to participate in the Secret Realm Conference ……”
Before Ge Cansheng could finish his words, Chen Ping hurriedly waved his hand and said, “Forget it, don’t joke about it, with my current strength, if I go to the Secret Realm Conference, wouldn’t that be asking for humiliation?”
“Mr. Chen, I’m inviting you to the Secret Realm a*sembly, not so that you can get into the ring, but so that you can familiarise yourself with the eight secret realms.”
“There is an even more important reason, and that is that there are already quite a few clans in the Eight Great Mystic Realms that have begun to collude with the Demon Heart Sect!”
“With no hope of aura recovery, these clans are ready to collude with the Demon Heart Sect, taking advantage of the fact that the Demon Heart Sect is not suppressed by the laws of heaven and earth and want to take over the entire secular realm.”
“And I’ve also heard that they’re looking for something that they say can artificially manipulate the place of aura recovery.”
Ge Cang Sheng said slowly.
“Artificially manipulate the revival of aura?” Chen Ping looked a little surprised!
However, it seemed that this Demon Heart Clan’s was really more powerful than he had imagined, and if there were any more clans in the Secret Realm following the Demon Heart Clan’s cooperation, then I was afraid that it would be even more difficult for him to completely eliminate the Demon Heart Clan!
“Clan Elder Ge, when will the Secret Realm Conference be held? I need to arrange the time!”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Ge Cansheng.
“The 15th of next month!”
Ge Cansheng said.
“Good, I want to take a good look at the people from these eight mysterious realms by then!”
Chen Ping nodded heavily!
Chen Ping was participating in this Secret Realm Conference to broaden his horizons, otherwise if he stayed in the secular world, Chen Ping would always be a frog at the bottom of a well!
After leaving from the Ge family grounds, Chen Ping counted the time, he had to get Su Yuqi out before the Secret Realm Conference started!
The most urgent task now was to get the Heavenly Mystery Order!
“Let’s hope this Hundred Refinements Pavilion Master is a reasonable person ……”
Chen Ping sighed softly as he held the brush given by Mr. Shi!
He didn’t want to go to the Hundred Refinement Pavilion to get the Heavenly Mystery Decree and run into some obstruction in the process!