Ge Fuhai’s sentence made Chen Ping seem to understand something.
No wonder Ge Jiayi had gone to her room in the middle of the night last night, so this had been arranged a long time ago.
If Chen Ping wanted to go to the Ge family land, he had to be a member of the Ge family.
If he was with Ge Jiayi, then he would be a member of the Ge family, and it would make sense to take him to the Ge family’s land!
But Ge Fuhai didn’t know that Chen Ping hadn’t done anything after Ge Jiayi last night!
Nor did Ge Jiayi blackmail Chen Ping over the matter of the clan land, it looked like she was thinking of making Chen Ping like her through her own efforts!
“Clan Master Ge, then let’s set off now, I can’t wait a bit ……”
Chen Ping urged at Ge Fuhai.
He was really afraid that later on, when Ge Fuhai knew that he had followed Ge Jiayi and done nothing, he would suddenly backtrack and not take himself with him.
“Okay, since you are in a hurry, then we will go!”
Ge Fuhai said, and with a flick of his palm, suddenly a light wrapped the two people up!
Chen Ping knew that this was a spatial spell, Ge Fuhai had reached the point of perfection with spatial spells!
The light flashed, Chen Ping closed his eyes tightly, and when he opened them, he found that he was in the middle of nowhere!
“Is this …… place the secret realm? It’s not that different from the secular world!”
Chen Ping said with some surprise as he looked around curiously.
Looking at Chen Ping like that, Ge Fuhai laughed, “We haven’t entered the secret realm yet, and the spatial spell can only be cast in the same space.”
“The secret realm and the secular realm are not in the same space, how can a spatial spell bring a person directly into the secret realm!”
When Chen Ping heard this, he was embarra*sed!
Chen Ping followed Ge Fuhai for some more distance and arrived at the foot of a mountain!
He saw Ge Fuhai take out an eight-trigram pictogram and then recited the words under his breath!
Soon, the void glowed with light, followed by a door slowly opening!
It was as if it was the Gate of Heaven, Chen Ping couldn’t see what was going on inside at a glance!
“This is the Fire Gate, the eight secret realms at that time were all created based on the eight trigrams, our Ge family’s secret realm is in the Li position, and Li represents fire, so we call this the Fire Gate!”
“The others are the Heavenly Gate, Earthly Gate, Thunder Gate, Wind Gate, Water Gate, Mountain Gate and Ze Gate!”
“Then the secret realm where the Purple Sky Mansion is located is in the Zhen position, which is also known as the Thunder Gate!”
Ge Fuhai followed Chen Ping as he explained, and only then did Chen Ping understand!
“Master Ge, then how many sects and families are in each secret realm? Is there a limit to the number?”
Chen Ping wanted to know just how big the secret realm was and how many hidden clan lineages there were.
But who knew that Ge Fuhai shook his head, “Then I don’t know, how many clan families survived back then, I haven’t counted, and it’s no longer within my knowledge ……”
Chen Ping followed Ge Fuhai into the light door, and after the two of them entered, the light door instantly disappeared!
And what was reflected in Chen Ping’s eyes was a different kind of scenery, only to see a deserted desert, with Gobi beaches everywhere, and nothing to be seen at a glance!
At this moment, Chen Ping was somewhat dumbfounded and looked at Ge Fuhai with a face full of doubts!
“Clan Master Ge, is this …… place the secret realm?”
Inside Chen Ping’s perception, within the secret realm, there should be lush green trees, flocks of animals, and a very good environment.
How could it be so desolate?
Looking at Chen Ping, Ge Fuhai smiled, “What? It’s not the same as the secret realm you imagined?”
“It’s not the same!” Chen Ping shook his head.
“Hahaha, it’s not always like what you imagine in a mysterious realm, each mysterious realm has the environment of each mysterious realm!”
“That Thunder Gate where the Purple Sky Mansion is located, that is snow-capped and snowy all year round ……”
Ge Fuhai laughed out loud.