“Mr. Chen …………”
“Chen Ping …………”
Seeing this, Jiang Wei and Hu Ma Zi and the others rushed forward to surround Chen Ping!
Chen Ping waved his hand, signalling that he was fine!
“Mr. Chen, or I’ll use the immortal rope to trap this kid before I do!”
Jiang Wei said to Chen Ping.
“No need, I want to have a good fight with him.”
Chen Ping refused Jiang Wei’s offer and put the Dragon Chopper Sword away as his aura began to soar!
“Humph, Chen Ping, you’re too wild ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping didn’t even use his weapon, Song Qingping felt humiliated and lashed out with a kick!
This kick was extremely fast, instantly turning into countless streaks of shadow!
The sound of breaking air whistled as if there were countless kicks attacking Chen Ping!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping let out a low roar as his huge fist slammed out towards the front!
This fist seemed slow, but it was also as fast as it could be, countless fist shadows appeared, emitting a sky full of golden light!
Boom boom boom …………
It seemed like both of them had only made one move, but it was an instant burst of sound, and the surrounding void trembled!
The entire Demon Spirit Sect compound began to roar with fierce winds, causing Hu Ma Zi and the others to rush back!
Chen Ping cast out his invincible golden body, then resisted the heavy pressure and followed Song Qingping’s moves!
And that Song Qingping also kept attacking!
In the blink of an eye, the two were trembling together!
No one could see the two clearly, and even more so, no one knew how many moves they had made!
Song Qingping relied on the power of the Laws combined with his own strength at the peak of the Grand Martial Marquis to keep attacking!
And Chen Ping, relying on his invincible golden body and his strong physical body, was not afraid at all!
The two fought to a standstill!
Chen Ping was getting braver and braver, while Song Qingping was getting more and more frightened, and this was even in the Secret Realm, where Song Qingping had mastered the power of the Laws!
If it wasn’t in the secret realm, in the secular realm, Song Qingping would have already been defeated!
Boom boom …………
After two dull noises, Chen Ping followed Song Qingping and separated!
Both of their faces looked a little ugly and their breathing became rapid!
“That was f*cking painful ……”
Chen Ping wiped a handful of sweat from his forehead!
He found that following this Song Qingping was even more painful than following that Ning Zhi, who was not strong himself and only relied on the soul spirit inside him!
On the other hand, Song Qingping’s strength was very solid, and it could be seen that although this guy had a refined and weak appearance, he was definitely desperate when he cultivated.
Seeing Chen Ping shouting in pain, Song Qingping’s face was worse than eating sh*t!
One must know that he was now at the peak strength of a Grand Martial Marquis, and he had also made use of the power of the secret realm’s laws!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was at best a middle Martial Marquis, yet he was able to fight evenly with him!
This made Song Qingping lose face, and those people from the Demon Spirit Sect around him looked at Song Qingping with a strange look on their faces!
Song Qingping knew that he had to defeat Chen Ping today no matter what, otherwise there was no way for him to harness the Demon Spirit Sect.
“Worthy of being a Golden Dragon True Body, your body is surprisingly so strong, but even if you were a true dragon, I would still have to peel your dragon skin and draw your tendons ……”
After saying that, a green glow began to flicker from the top of that Song Qingping’s head!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping was a bit dumbfounded, even the other people also looked at that Song Qingping with a dumbfounded look on their faces!
“Crap, what does this kid mean? Is he cuckolding himself?”
Hu Ma Zi couldn’t help but shout out, but when he saw Zhou Jie at the entrance of the main hall, he instantly shut his mouth!
After all, Song Qingping was following Zhou Jie’s relationship, Chen Ping had already told him that the two had slept together!
If Song Qingping was now wearing a green hat, it meant that Zhou Jie had put it on him!