“Poisoning? Demonic cultivation? What are you talking about?”
City Lord Sun looked at Chen Ping incredulously “My daughter hasn’t even stepped out of the City Lord’s Mansion during this period of time, how can she be poisoned? And you said just now that Gong Pharmacist is a demonic cultivator, I’ve always been around, is it a demonic cultivator, I can’t tell?”
“You healed my lady, I’m thankful to you, but if you want to show off your medical skills, it’s better to practice for a few years before coming.”
City Lord Sun didn’t believe what Chen Ping said at all.
Old Jia also looked at Cai Hongwei with a somewhat ugly face at this moment!
Seeing this, Cai Hongwei stepped forward and pulled Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, maybe you’re wrong, let’s go ……”
Cai Hongwei knew that City Lord Sun would definitely not believe Chen Ping’s words, and if he continued talking, he would make things very unpleasant!
Chen Ping looked at the appearance of the Sun City Lord, he could only smile faintly and said “Perhaps I have misread it, I will stay in this Meteorite Sun City for a few days, if there is a need, you can go and find me ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly left, if it was not for Lao Jia’s tree that contained immortal qi, Chen Ping might not have said much!
“Not much age, but not much temper!”
City Lord Sun snorted coldly!
Old Jia also had a displeased look on his face and said “Old Cai, this pharmacist you brought this time is a bit arrogant.”
Cai Hongwei could only smile awkwardly and said nothing!
…………
A courtyard in Meteor Sun City!
Protector Gong was happily sitting on a lounge chair, comfortably basking in the sun!
At this time, Elder Fei returned somewhat dejectedly, supposedly unhappy that he hadn’t found the rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Without the help of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s branch rudder, I’m afraid it would be very difficult for them to kill Chen Ping!
Seeing that Elder Fei had returned, Protector Gong hurriedly got up!
Protector Gong said with a gloomy face, “How was it? Did you cure that City Lord Sun’s daughter?”
“It wasn’t cured ……” Gong protector shook his head!
“Not cured, you happy a fart, now well not to seal the devil alliance of people to help, alone rely on us a few, afraid is not able to kill that Chen Ping ah.”
Elder Fei sat down on his recliner with an exasperated butt!
Gong protector on the other hand was heatedly smiling and said “Elder, you don’t need to be anxious first, although I didn’t cure that Sun City Lord’s daughter, but he has promised us that that Chen Ping is wanted, as long as that Chen Ping dares to come to Meteorite Sun City, Sun City Lord will step in and help us catch him.”
When Elder Fei heard this, he hurriedly got up and asked “What’s going on here? Tell us properly ……”
“That Sun City Lord’s daughter didn’t get sick, but was poisoned, hit by exactly the kind of poison tent I refined, only the poisoning was too deep, even after leaving the range of the poison tent, she would still lose her mind from time to time.”
“I used medicine to temporarily control the onset of that Sun City Lord’s daughter, and told him that I could refine pills to completely cure his daughter, so that Sun City Lord agreed to my conditions.”
Protector Gong said with great complacency!
“Then can you really cure that Sun City Lord’s daughter?” Elder Fei asked!
Protector Gong shook his head “His daughter’s poisoning is too deep, I simply can’t cure it completely, but I can refine pills to control it temporarily, as long as City Lord Sun helps us capture Chen Ping, we will leave this Meteorite Sun City, and when his daughter is having a seizure, it doesn’t matter about us.”
Protector Gong knew from the start that he had no way to cure Sun Xiaoyun, he was just deceiving City Lord Sun!
“That’s a good way ……” Elder Fei’s mouth lifted “Your identity hasn’t been exposed, right? I heard that that Sun City Lord is very strong, if we are discovered, we will be out of luck.”
“No, when I was diagnosing them, I had them all stay far away and there was a formation shroud around them, it was impossible for them to find out.”
Protector Gong shook his head!
“Hahaha, then let’s wait quietly for Chen Ping to be delivered!”
The depression on Elder Fei’s face was swept away as he laughed out loud.