“The Yin Fury Qi inside is very thick, it is estimated that countless demonic beasts and cultivators have died inside, so it’s just right for us to use for cultivation!”
The black-robed man said indifferently!
“Understood!”The hunchbacked old man nodded!
Soon, in the black mist, the attacks of the severe ghosts became even more violent!
Seeing this, Patriarch Luo shouted loudly and helplessly, “Shield ……”
Only to see dozens of disciples of the five great clans, all in unison, burst out their breath, forming a shield around them, temporarily resisting the attack!
It was necessary to take a breather, or else they really were all going to be exhausted!
There were also many injured disciples who had to heal their wounds as soon as possible!
It was just a pity that on this trip, Patriarch Luo hadn’t brought too many pills with him, and there was no way to heal the injured disciples!
One could only watch some of the severely injured disciples slowly die in their unwillingness!
“Ghost Fiend Sect, if I go back alive today, I will definitely annihilate all of you Ghost Fiend Sect, you despicable people, you only know how to sneak attack in the dark!”
Patriarch Luo roared unwillingly!
In a real fight, he wasn’t afraid of these Ghost Fiend Sect people, who would have thought that they would lay down a spell formation in the middle of the polar region to sneak attack!
Patriarch Luo was also careless, he didn’t even think that the Ghost Fiend Sect’s people would come back here, and that there would be so many people coming!
“Hahaha, Surname Luo, it’s useless for you to scream wildly, you won’t be able to leave here today!”
“This formation is our Ghost Fiend Sect’s last card, and now that we’ve taken it out against you, you should feel lucky!”
“You five great clans have been bitterly chasing us for so many years, and have always refused to let our Ghost Fiend Sect go, so today is the right time to make an end of it.”
The black-robed man laughed disdainfully as the formation in front of him continued to churn with a miserable ghost cry, causing one’s spirit to collapse!
The black mist churned even more violently, Patriarch Luo’s shield for them was already in jeopardy!
Now that they were at the end of their rope, they really had nothing to fall back on!
“Could it be that the heavens are going to kill my sect, we uphold our original intention of cutting down demons and eliminating devils, why did we end up in such a situation!”
Patriarch Luo yelled out in fear!
But that voice was drowned out by a ghostly cry!
And at that moment, Chen Ping was rapidly arriving with Patriarch Chen!
Chen Ping’s speed reached the extreme, and two flames were blazing beneath his feet!
The void trembled, and the entire space was hardened and torn apart!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you …… you this ……”
Patriarch Chen had also observed at this moment that Chen Ping was not flying fast, as the polar environment was not suitable for flying!
Chen Ping was supposed to have torn through space, instantly travelling from one side of space to the other!
Although it was only a short tear, this step was several miles away.
If it wasn’t for the Soul Fixing Pearl, Patriarch Chen didn’t know if this remnant of his soul could still exist, and he was afraid that he would have been blown away by the raging breath around him!
It was important to know that Chen Ping’s jumps in this kind of space were extremely stringent in terms of body toughness, or else the body would have been torn to shreds under such a rapid jump in space!
“Don’t worry, it will be fine.”
Chen Ping comforted Patriarch Chen!
The Royal Fire Steps Chen Ping had already mastered, although he could only step out several miles in one step, it was still considered stable and it was impossible to be injured by the spatial turbulence!
Patriarch Chen stopped talking and could only desperately hold the Soul Fixing Bead to protect his residual soul from being blown apart!
At this moment, in the case of Patriarch Luo and the others who were trapped in the formation, the last of their shields crumbled!
They were powerless to make a resistance in!
“Put up a fight, even if we die, we must not wimp out!”
Patriarch Luo knew that they were bound to die!
These disciples of the five great clans also knew the outcome, and the certainty of death caused all of the disciples of the five great clans to burst out with their strongest fighting strength!
Because they knew of certain death, they had nothing to fear!