“Who are you people? Get lost if you have the sense, don’t kill yourselves!”
Luo Jinzuo yelled at the dozen of men in black.
But who knew that the dozen or so men in black did not panic, instead, they smiled heatedly, “Second Master Luo, we have been waiting for you here for a long time ……”
“Waiting for me? What are you guys waiting for me for?”
Luo Jinzuo was puzzled.
“Waiting for you, of course, to kill you!”
A man in black laughed.
“This brother, our Luo family has no enmity with you, what are you guys doing to kill me?”
“If you have difficulties, feel free to tell me, I will definitely send someone to send you lots of money!”
When Luo Jinzuo saw the other party’s unhurried look, he knew in his heart that he had come across a tough fighter.
“As I said, we don’t want money, we want your life!”
After the man in black finished speaking, he directly struck out towards Luo Jinzuo.
The other men in black, too, made their moves towards those underlings of the Luo family.
In a flash, Luo Jinzuo, who had just gone through a big battle, was now being attacked again.
Soon, all the underlings of the Luo family were killed and injured, leaving only Luo Jinzuo struggling to hold on.
Finally, Luo Jinzuo was kicked away and fell heavily to the ground.
An incredibly sharp knife landed on Luo Jinzuo’s neck.
Luo Jinzo was quite a man, facing death, and instead of begging for mercy, he looked coldly at the man in black: “Who the hell are you people?”
“Even if you want to kill me, let me die with understanding and know in whose hands I die.”
“My Luo family doesn’t have a knotted feud with the Kyoto martial arts community.”
Luo Jinzuo was still wondering now who was trying to kill him.
Could it be that the Evil Valley’s had caught up with him?
Luo Jinzuo mulled it over in his mind, but quickly dismissed the idea.
The Vicious Valley had also suffered a great blow and could not necessarily spare the manpower to pursue them.
If it was someone from the Vicious Valley, there was no need to dress so carefully, with a hood on his head.
“Since you want to know, then let me tell you!”
At that moment, a young man stepped out from the side, still holding a folding fan in his hand.
“Duke Ning?”
When Luo Jinzuo saw the youth walking out, he was instantly stunned.
This was because the person who came was no other than Ning Zhi.
“Duke Ning, what is this all about?”
Luo Jinzuo asked in surprise.
After all, he had come here to find Chen Ping and follow the Evil Valley to fight for his life, all because of Ning Zhi.
Now that Ning Zhi had suddenly appeared here, it made Luo Jinzuo’s brow furrow.
“Nothing’s going on, what I’m trying to tell you is that the person who wants to kill you is me?”
Ning Zhi smiled lightly.
Luo Jinzuo looked at Ning Zhi incredulously, “Why, why do you want to kill me?”
“Our two families don’t seem to have a grudge!”
Luo Jinzuo could not understand why Ning Zhi wanted to kill him.
“There is no reason, because your nephew, Luo Xiang, was not killed by that Chen Ping, but by me.”
“I just wanted to use your Luo family’s hand to kill that Chen Ping!”
“I didn’t expect your Luo family to be so useless, simply trash!”
“Since they’re trash, there’s no need to be alive!”
Ning Zhi had a fierce smile on his face!
And Luo Jinzuo’s eyes widened, his face turning red from anger.
He had not expected that he had been tricked by Ning Zhi that.
The entire Luo family, and even the entire martial arts community of Northern Desert, had paid so much.
In the end, it was a trap.
“You …… are so despicable and shameless …………”
Luo Jinzuo glared at Ning Zhi and gritted his teeth.
“Whether I’m despicable and shameless or not doesn’t matter anymore, what matters is that you’re about to die!”
Ning Zhi smiled faintly, then ordered, “Do it ……”
A cold ray of light flashed, and blood instantly spurted out from Luo Jinzuo’s neck!
All the way until there was no more life left, Luo Jinzuo’s eyes were still round and dead ……
Looking at the already dead Luo Jinzuo, the corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted, “Let’s go, to the Valley of Evil ……”