Seeing this, Xiao Feng and the others all rushed over.
When they saw Xiao Yuanshan shedding tears, everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty froze!
One must know that Xiao Yuanshan was their backbone!
He was the god they believed in!
But now the god in their hearts had collapsed, their faith had collapsed!
In this battle, there would be no more Xiao Dynasty!
Xiao Feng and Xiao Jian clenched their fists, their faces waxing white!
The Xiao Imperial Dynasty had lost, completely lost!
The Tenth Highness hovered above the heads of the crowd, his eyes sweeping towards the crowd, not a single person dared to look directly at that Tenth Highness!
Scared, they were truly scared!
Time and time again, their fighting spirit was ignited, yet they were suppressed time and time again!
At this moment, only Chen Ping tilted his head, although his body had not recovered, Chen Ping did not have the slightest bit of fear on his face!
“Senior, if I hand over my body to you, can you exterminate this little thane?”
“Don’t worry about my physical body, even if my physical body is destroyed, it won’t matter.”
Chen Ping was incapable of doing so himself, so he could only use the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
If the Red Cloud Demon Monarch wanted to deal with this Ten Highnesses, it would definitely be with a wave of his hand!
“Your physical body is too weak right now, there’s no way for me to utilise my strength.”
“Isn’t there someone behind you? You can let the high ranking person behind you step in!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord was referring to that Mr Shi!
Because every time Chen Ping encountered a life and death crisis, Mr Shi would suddenly appear!
As long as Mr Shi appeared, then this 10th Highness in front of him would be destroyed in minutes!
“I ……”
Chen Ping was a little speechless because he had no way to contact Mr Shi either!
Every time, Mr Shi would just come and leave suddenly, he had no idea where Mr Shi was at all!
“Mr Chen, I wonder if you can save my Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
Xiao Feng looked at Chen Ping and then said, “When you were injured, there was a middle-aged man of unfathomable strength who said that you were a great chance for our Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
“I wonder who that tall man is? And what is the great chance of our Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
Xiao Feng remembered Mr Shi’s words, so he looked at Chen Ping and asked!
Although Chen Ping was not a match for that Ten Highnesses right now, there must be someone behind Chen Ping as well, otherwise with Chen Ping’s kind of strength, how could it be possible that the Demon Sealing Alliance had been chasing after him without success!
“This …………”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, somewhat speechless, he knew that Xiao Feng followed the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to talk about Mr Shi!
But he couldn’t contact Mr Shi, how could he come to help?
Just at this moment, a voice suddenly came from the void!
“Cultivation is not easy, do not destroy your soul at will.”
Along with this voice, the entire Imperial City was enveloped in white light!
Within that white light, the divine souls of over a hundred thousand generals all slowly appeared!
Boom!
The hundreds of thousands of generals’ divine souls, in an instant, fell back to the ground!
Looking at the hundreds of thousands of generals’ divine souls that had suddenly appeared, Xiao Yuanshan froze!
Everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty froze!
You have to know that in the battle just now, Xiao Yuanshan exhausted the divine souls of these 100,000 generals, but at this moment, these 100,000 generals are back again ……
As long as the soul is in, then this is more than 100,000 generals are not considered dead, they can slowly remake the physical body!
The hundred thousand or so generals, looking at everything in front of them, looking at their emperor, were also excited!
They also didn’t understand what was going on!
It was as if their divine souls had travelled around and then returned to the original point!
“Who is it? Which senior person is the one who saved my Xiao Imperial Dynasty, we will offer our services for eternity!”
Xiao Yuanshan was the first to kneel down in the direction of the sound that was emitted!
Everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, as well as the hundred thousand or so generals, all followed suit and knelt down together!
The Tenth Highness looked at the hundreds of thousands of generals’ divine souls that had emerged, and his face was hard to see!
He also didn’t know who the one who spoke was!
But he had fought for half a day and ended up in vain!
The divine souls of the hundred thousand or so generals of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had unexpectedly all returned!
“Mr Shi ……”
Chen Ping’s face was filled with excitement, his body trembling slightly as he looked in the direction of the voice!
Mr Shi’s voice, he could never forget it!