Chen Ping had stung him, then he would never make it easy for Chen Ping either!
Sure enough, as soon as Long Xiao’s words fell, Chen Ping’s face turned extremely ugly!
An incomparably cold killing intent erupted from Chen Ping’s body, and the entire martial arts arena seemed to have instantly entered into a bitterly cold winter.
Everyone involuntarily trembled!
“Long Xiao, you have successfully angered me ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, his voice sounding as if it was emanating from the Nine Hells, sending shivers down one’s spine!
Feeling the aura emitted by Chen Ping, Long Xiao’s heart trembled, he somewhat regretted not provoking Chen Ping so much!
A person in an enraged state might be able to bring out a stronger strength than usual!
“Don’t take it lightly, this guy’s aura is too terrifying ……”
At this moment, the soul spirit inside Long Xiao spoke.
Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping with eyes full of caution, no longer with the contempt and arrogance he had just now!
Chen Ping, a peak Martial Marquis, had made him, a Great Martial Marquis, very wary, so one had to say that Chen Ping’s strength was, indeed, too perverse.
At this moment, the furious Chen Ping, the golden light on his body constantly flickering, clenched his fists tightly, and on Chen Ping’s right fist, the power of the divine Dragon was constantly condensing!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping turned towards Long Xiao and smashed his fist out.
This fist smashed out, followed by a dragon roar, only to see a golden dragon heading straight for Long Xiao!
Seeing this, Long Xiao hurriedly waved his hand, and a surge of powerful qi instantly formed a barrier in front of him!
But soon, the golden dragon broke through the barrier and opened its bloody mouth towards Long Xiao!
When Long Xiao saw this, he made a seal with one hand, and then swiftly stroked through the air, only to see a black seal appear, which went straight towards the golden dragon.
The seal instantly covered the golden dragon’s body, and the golden dragon, which was originally glowing with golden light, soon disappeared, and in the end, the golden dragon and the seal all disappeared!
“This Chen Ping is really strong, with the strength of a peak Martial Martial Marquis, against a Grand Martial Marquis, he actually fought to a draw with a single strike ……”
Someone couldn’t help but say in surprise.
But as soon as the words left his mouth, the seal that had disappeared suddenly appeared out of nowhere, and this time it appeared so suddenly that Chen Ping didn’t even have time to react!
The seal ruthlessly smashed into Chen Ping’s chest, and Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards.
The power of a Grand Martial Marquis, that was very terrifying.
“Holy sh*t, I thought I could fight to a draw, but it turns out that this Long Xiao still has a backhand ……”
The guy who had just said that there was a tie was instantly smacked in the face!
And seeing Chen Ping being sent flying backwards by a blow, Zhao Beng and Gu Ling’er and the others were all very worried.
However, Chen Ping’s body was not seriously injured, and while his body was retreating, Chen Ping had already launched a counterattack, slapping his palm forward.
The wind of the palm whistled and the next thing you saw was a golden palm, which also slapped on Long Xiao’s body!
Long Xiao’s body also flew backwards, following Chen Ping not far behind!
Although this strike did not cause substantial damage to the two of them, it was a tie.
A tie would be a loss of face for Long Xiao, after all, Chen Ping was only at the peak of Martial Marquis strength, and to be able to fight him, a Great Martial Marquis, in a tie, Long Xiao would definitely have no face.
“Chen Ping, if I don’t kill you today, I will leave the Martial Dao Realm from now on ……”
Long Xiao gritted his teeth as the anger in his body continued to climb!
“Don’t worry, you won’t leave the Martial Dao Realm, for it will be the entire world that you leave ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, his figure abruptly disappeared, followed by only a golden light that was rapidly approaching Long Xiao!
Chen Ping had the imperishable golden body to protect his body, in addition to his own strong and perverted physical body, close stalking, in order to better play to his advantage!
When Long Xiao saw that Chen Ping wanted to fight in close quarters, his body emitted a burst of black light, followed by his body being wrapped in black light, just like Chen Ping’s Incorruptible Golden Body, forming a suit of armour that protected his whole body!