“Have the princess and the prince been found? Where have those two children run off to?”
Niu Meng took a deep breath, adjusted his emotions, and asked.
“City Lord, according to the report from the city gate, the princess and the prince have returned. They went outside the city to play,” the Great Elder said.
“Those brats, daring to go out and play at such a critical time! If Feihu City’s people caught them, wouldn’t we be in a passive position?”
“I’m going to teach those two reckless kids a lesson.”
With that, Niu Meng stood up and left.
At that moment, Niu Li and Niu Ben were in a room. Facing her disobedient younger brother, Niu Li scolded, “You little punk, when Father comes, he’ll definitely give you a good thrashing.”
“You insisted on running off, and now you’ve definitely made Father angry.”
“Sister, if Father wants to hit me, you have to protect me!” Niu Ben said, somewhat frightened.
But just as he finished speaking, Niu Meng stormed in, grabbed Niu Ben by the horn on his forehead, and started spanking him.
Niu Ben was beaten until he wailed and cried for mercy, only stopping when Niu Li intervened.
“You two, if you leave the city again, I’ll break your legs,” Niu Meng said furiously.
“Wah wah, Sister went out too, why didn’t you hit her?”
“Wah wah…”
Niu Ben cried bitterly.
“You dare talk about hitting me?” Niu Li stepped forward and gave Niu Ben another beating.
Niu Ben cried even harder, having been beaten twice in a row, how could he not cry?
“You two, you’re not even allowed to leave the mansion. Recently, the city has been infiltrated by many spies from Feilong City. Stay away from strangers in the future,” Niu Meng said.
“Father, we met some people outside the city, and Sister, she…”
Niu Ben started to say that they had met people and that Niu Li had given someone a token.
But before he could finish, Niu Li kicked him, cutting off his words.
“Niu Li, what was your brother saying?” Niu Meng asked.
“We met a few cultivators who were just brought by the Great Dao outside the city, and I beat them up,” Niu Li quickly said.
“You can handle beating up those newly arrived cultivators, but don’t provoke others. Your skills still need practice,” Niu Meng said before turning to leave.
Seeing their father leave, Niu Li grabbed Niu Ben and gave him another round of punches and kicks.
This guy had almost snitched and gotten her in trouble, so of course, Niu Li wouldn’t let him off easily.
After beating Niu Ben, Niu Li realised she might not be able to leave the City Lord’s Mansion for a while. She wanted to contact Chen Ping to see where he was, so he wouldn’t misunderstand and think she wasn’t being a good host!
But despite trying various methods, Niu Li couldn’t contact Chen Ping or find out his location!
“How could this be? It shouldn’t be like this,” Niu Li said, full of confusion.
She had no idea that Chen Ping had already pawned the token, and it had been sealed, so she couldn’t track it.
…
At the inn!
Hu Mazi was still going at it. You had to admit, this guy was relentless, and the two women were equally fierce!
It was probably a case of neither side willing to back down, so the battle continued!
Chen Ping emerged from the Demon-Suppressing Tower and noticed the sky was gradually darkening. He realised that while it felt like a long time inside the tower, only a few hours had passed outside!
If he hadn’t run out of resources, Chen Ping wouldn’t have come out!
“The Demon-Suppressing Tower is great, but where do I get resources for cultivation?” Chen Ping was most worried about cultivation resources now.
Hearing the noises coming from the next room, Chen Ping felt a bit restless, so he left the room to take a walk.
Just as he stepped out, he saw Xiu Rui outside, looking somewhat anxious!
“Friend Xiu, what’s wrong?” Chen Ping asked.
“Oh, nothing. I’m just worried the two girls can’t handle Master Hu’s onslaught,” Xiu Rui said.