“Sovereign is right, that kid was too crazy just now, and with a mere sixth rank of the Transition Realm, he showed that much strength, other than a huge power like the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, I don’t know who else can cultivate this kind of genius.”
A Zhentian Dharma Sect disciple said!
“Not bad, a cultivator of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, yet he was able to make Elder Li suffer a loss with a single move, just this one is enough to prove that this brat is not a simple one.”
“Don’t be thinking about this, we need to find Elder Liu and the others as soon as possible!”
Mu Qiufeng finished speaking and made the spirit boat sail up quickly!
While at this moment, Chen Ping and the others were piloting the dilapidated spirit boat, continuously approaching towards the island!
The many pill masters in the cabin were all sweating profusely, just now, if the people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect had come in hard, they would have definitely discovered them and would have been completely exposed, then they wouldn’t have been able to avoid a vicious battle!
Fortunately, Chen Ping had stepped in in time, and with the addition of Gu Tianzhao, this fellow was able to fool the people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, what do we do next? Still going to that island?”
“I’m afraid that island is also treacherous!”
Chen Wenliang asked Chen Ping with a palpitating heart!
“Of course we have to go, now that we have killed quite a number of people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, and now that quite a number of people have gone to support them, I believe that there won’t be many people on that island.”
“It’s just the right time for us to attack the island and occupy that island completely.”
“As long as we occupy that small island, we will have the initiative.”
Chen Ping explained!
“Fellow Daoist Chen is right, this is the only path we can take right now, and there definitely won’t be too many people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect on top of the island.”
Zhong Qi also agreed with Chen Ping’s view!
After they all agreed, the spirit boat headed towards the island!
Mu Qiufeng and the others were also close to the stormy sea, the huge storm was still hissing!
Mu Qiufeng didn’t dare to let the spirit boat get too close, he just searched the vicinity and didn’t find any spirit boats around!
One should know that the spirit boat brought by Elder Liu was very huge and had a forest of formations on it, so by all accounts, it wouldn’t be easily destroyed by the storm!
“Patriarch, Elder Liu’s spirit boat has not been found around here, I don’t know if it was really sucked into the storm.”
That hunchbacked old man said to Mu Qiufeng!
“Logically it shouldn’t be, it’s not like it’s Elder Liu’s first time here, how could he not know the power of the storm and how could he be sucked in!”
Mu Qiufeng frowned slightly, not understanding what was going on!
“Patriarch, look guys, are there corpses in that area?”
At this moment, a Zhentian Dharma Sect disciple hurriedly shouted out!
Everyone followed the direction of that disciple’s finger and saw that there were quite a few corpses floating on the surface of the sea, and there were also some spirit boat wrecks!
Most notably there was also the corpse of a whale demon floating on the surface of the sea!
“Quickly, go over and take a look ……”
Mu Qiufeng hurriedly commanded the spirit boat to drive over!
When they saw that the corpses on the sea surface were Elder Liu and the others, they were all stunned!
They didn’t expect that the dozens of disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect that Elder Liu had brought with him were all dead!
And it looked like the battle was very tragic!
There were spirit boat fragments everywhere.
Especially the bodies of the whale demons were floating like small mountains!
“What is this situation, how did this happen?”
The hunchbacked old man was filled with shock!
“Salvage all the people.”
Mu Qiufeng grimaced and had people salvage all of Elder Liu’s and their corpses!
Looking at the deaths of those Zhentian Dharma Sect disciples, many people couldn’t tense up!
“Patriarch, the whale demons have all appeared, it looks like Elder Liu took that secret medicine.”
“Now that Elder Liu is dead, and even the whale demon is dead, it’s clear that the other party is very strong and would never be able to do it with just a few pill masters.”
The hunchbacked old man said!
“When Elder Liu and the others were begging for help, did they say that there was a Formation Master present within the other party’s pharmacists?”
Mu Qiufeng asked!