“Fellow Daoist Chen ……”
Just as Chen Ping was continuing their journey towards the depths of the Pill Cauldron Mountain, they were suddenly shouted at!
Chen Ping looked and found that it was Thursday Lang and Zhen Huan!
The two seemed as if they were waiting for him!
“Fellow Daoist Zhou, why aren’t you guys on the mountain yet?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, my father wants to talk to you, my aunt and Pill Priest Zhong are both here!”
Zhen Huan said to Chen Ping!
She guessed that she was afraid that Chen Ping would not go, so she moved out Granny Zhen and Pill Honour Zhong!
After all, Chen Ping was running towards Granny Zhen, so he was more or less giving some face!
Once Chen Ping heard that Granny Zhen and Zhong Yi were also there, he nodded and followed Zhen Huan and the others!
Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng, as well as the two siblings who had just joined, Nie Lei and Nie Hong, also followed along!
Zhen Yuandao followed Zhou Qian and the others and waited in a small forest not far ahead!
Seeing Chen Ping arrive, Zhen Yuandao then took the initiative to step forward, “Fellow Daoist Chen, why did you take so long to enter the mountain, you should know that the one who climbs to the top of the mountain first will surely have benefits.”
“I was delayed by some matters, I wonder what Family Master Zhen is looking for me for?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I’m looking for you because I want to ask you for a favour, I know that you have a good relationship with President Chen who follows the Central Region Apothecary Society, and our two families hope that we can form an alliance following the Central Region Apothecary Society.”
“This way, if there is anything on Pill Cauldron Mountain, there is also a care for each other ……”
Zhen Yuandao said directly!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned as he shot a glance at Zhen Yuandao and said, “Zhen family head, did you know that something would happen on Pill Cauldron Mountain? Otherwise, the strength of your Zhen Family and Zhou Family would not be underestimated, so why would you need to follow the Central Region Pill Masters Association to join forces?”
“And your Western Region Apothecary Society’s also participated, even if it is an alliance, it should be an alliance following the Western Region Apothecary Society, right?”
Chen Ping knew that there was definitely something that Zhen Yuandao did not say, after all, at this time, no one would want to make an alliance, after all, if there was one more person, getting the treasure would require one more share!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, truth be told, the reason why we followed the Central Region Pill Masters’ Association to make an alliance is to deal with Su Tianshuo and the others!”
“We have received news that that Su Tianshuo has joined forces with the Diao and Pao families of Yongle City and is preparing to make a move against us at the Pill Cauldron Mountain.”
“The strength of our two families is not enough to deal with them, which is why we want to follow the Central Region Pill Masters’ Association and make an alliance through Fellow Daoist Chen.”
“You can tell President Chen that we will never treat him poorly, and that the Central Domain Pill Master Association can take half of the treasures we get at the Pill Cauldron Mountain!”
“And when we return to Yongle City, our two families will also have heavy gifts to offer ……”
Zhen Yuandao also knew that if he did not take out some substantial benefits, who would ally with them ah!
Hearing all this, Chen Ping frowned slightly, if in this Pill Cauldron Mountain, there was infighting amongst the many pill masters, that was going to weaken a lot of strength!
At that time, if that Zhentian Dharma Sect really attacked the Pill God Island, how could it be blocked?
“Family Master Zhen, is what you said true? How can you be sure that Su Tianshuo will deal with you?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Of course it’s true, that Su Tianshuo secretly met with the family heads of the Bao Family and the Diao Family in secret, it’s obvious that he’s targeting us.”
“Our four great families are already at odds, sooner or later there will be a battle ……”
Zhen Yuandao said!
“Family Head Zhen, can’t you guys make peace? Even if you can’t make peace, don’t have a fight while at the Pill God Island.”
Chen Ping said with a very ugly face!
“Why?
Zhen Yuandao asked in disbelief!
Chen Ping let out a light sigh, so he followed Zhen Yuandao with what Ouyang Xing had told him, one by one!
When they heard about the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, everyone instantly changed their faces!
“The Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect is actually trying to take over Pill God Island? I told you that this Ouyang Xing must be up to something if he suddenly forcefully moved the Apothecary Conference to Pill God Island to hold it.”
“This is great, this is an attempt to tie up all the many Apothecaries in our Celestial Realm with Pill God Island and follow them to fight against the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!”
Zhou Qian said with great dissatisfaction!