“Life is unpredictable, who can’t die? If you can go and do what you like, what’s the harm in dying?”
Chen Ping wore a faint smile, not intimidated by this woman!
No matter if it was a divine sword or a demonic sword, Chen Ping was determined to enter this land of sword mounds, no matter what sword it was, it would end up being devoured by his own Dragon Cutting Sword!
When the woman saw how determined Chen Ping was, she sighed and said, “Maybe this is the fate of the heavens, stepping into this place is the real land of the sword mound, the sword energy there is a hundred times stronger than now, think about it yourself ……”
After saying that, the woman’s figure became fainter and fainter, and in the end, she actually disappeared completely.
“Chen Ping, I think you’d better go in yourself, with my strength, I’m afraid I’ll have to go in and need your protection, adding to your burden.”
Pocky Hu was afraid!
If the sword qi inside was really as strong as the woman had said, Hu Pocky was afraid that his entire person would be dismembered by the sword qi.
Chen Ping nodded, “Master Hu, wait for me here, if I don’t come out in three days, you guys can go back, there’s no need to wait for me.”
When Hu Pazi heard this, he hurriedly said, “Chen Ping, you must come out, if you die, what about your women? What a pity, think of your women, you have to come out alive too.”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, this Hu Pazi had nothing else in his head but women.
“I’m going in ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping continued to walk forward, and soon Chen Ping’s figure slowly became blurred and disappeared from Hu Ma Zi’s sight.
As Chen Ping advanced some distance, it was true that the sword Qi was getting stronger and stronger, and in front of him were dense, long swords stuck in the ground!
These swords seemed to be stuck on the ground in a haphazard manner, but in fact they all had their own pattern!
Moreover, Chen Ping could clearly feel that in this place of the sword mound, two auras were constantly intertwining and fighting!
The scene in front of him was no longer one of dead branches and leaves, either; the branches and leaves on the big tree were growing rapidly, visible to the naked eye.
Only just as they grew, they were chopped off by the raging sword qi!
So on and so forth, the two forces seemed to be battling it out.
Chen Ping took out his Dragon Cutting Sword and frantically absorbed the rampaging sword qi, so that the branches and leaves on the trees began to grow rapidly, becoming green in the end!
“It seems that this place is not as dangerous as that woman said, but it is also fortunate that this Dragon Chopper Sword is here!”
Chen Ping’s face was overflowing with joy!
But just as Chen Ping was happy, a murderous aura suddenly came upon him, while Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly frozen, staring dead ahead!
Soon a man slowly walked over, holding a sword in his hand.
Only this man’s face was pale, his eyes were listless, and there was no other aura on his body other than the killing aura he carried.
Chen Ping could tell at a glance that this should be the sword puppet that the woman was talking about!
A sword puppet was one who was killed by sword qi, and whose flesh was then immortalised and refined by that sword qi.
After a long time, it became a sword puppet, directly dominated by the sword qi, without thought or divine will, something similar to a zombie.
This kind of thing, because it has no mind and is still a dead thing itself, is not afraid of a fight at all.
Even after cutting off their arms and legs, these sword puppets still did not have any consciousness, their minds were only controlled by sword qi essence.
When encountering such things, Chen Ping was a bit worried, after all, this kind of thing, is not afraid of death, so basically a sword piercing through the body, that sword puppet will not even take it seriously.
Once the sword puppet fights, unless he is completely blown to pieces, there is no other way. Another way is to find the mother of the sword qi and then just cut off the sword qi, but looking at this situation, that magic sword is not easy to find.