Although everyone cultivates differently, if they belong to the Pill God Valley, even if they cultivate different techniques, they will still have the same aura.
Feeling that something was wrong, Chen Ping emitted his divine sense, wanting to probe deeper to find out what kind of technique this Pill God Valley Master was practising.
Chen Ping and that Pill God Valley Master looked at each other, neither of the two spoke first.
“Brother Chen, kneel down, don’t kneel down quickly …………”
Xu Changsheng was on the side, reminding Chen Ping in a small voice, but it was as if Chen Ping had not heard him.
A moment later, that Pill God Valley Master waved his hand, “You all get up ……”
Several of the finders all stood up while standing back to the sides, slightly lowering their heads, no one daring to raise their heads.
“You’re the genius who was able to practice an earth-rank pills and also double cultivate martial arts?”
The Pill God Valley Master slowly opened his mouth and asked.
Chen Ping shook his head, “I can’t practice earth rank pills, and as for dual cultivation of martial arts, I only know a little bit of the arts, so I’m not considered a genius ……”
“Hahahaha, the young man is quite modest ……” The Pill God Valley Master laughed, “Is that girl your girlfriend?”
The Pill God Valley Master pointed at Xiao Lan who was lying on the side of the main hall.
“Friend, not girlfriend ……,” Chen Ping shook his head.
“Friend too, your friend’s five internal organs have been badly injured, only one breath to keep her alive, she may die at any time, I have a way to save your friend’s life now, but I heard that you have a treasure censer on you, can you let me have a look?”
The Pill God Valley Master said in a straightforward manner.
Chen Ping glanced at Xu Changsheng, it was obvious that this was what Xu Changsheng had told the Pill God Valley Master.
For his part, Xu Changsheng hurriedly explained, “Brother Chen, our valley master has quickly become quite knowledgeable about copper cauldrons, after all, to refine pills, one cannot do without copper cauldrons, it is just as well to let our valley master show you if it is something good ……”
Chen Ping heard this, can only casually pull out that Shen Nong Cauldron, a only palm-sized Shen Nong Cauldron, placed in Chen Ping’s hand, immediately caused several other elders to laugh out loud.
“I’ve never seen such a small bronze censer before, it’s not a bronze censer, it’s clearly an incense burner ……”
“I think the incense burner is even bigger than this, what can this copper tripod do?”
Several elders couldn’t help but laugh.
But the moment that Pill God Valley Master pulled out the divine Nong Cauldron, his entire person directly stood up from his chair with a searing heat in his eyes.
But soon, the Pill God Valley Master returned to his normal state and sat back down again, saying to Chen Ping, “Little brother, this bronze censer of yours is quite exquisite, I wonder where you got it from?”
“A gift from a friend ……,” Chen Ping said indifferently.
The Pill God Valley Master nodded: “Your friend’s life, I will save it, don’t worry about it, stay in the Pill God Valley for two more days without worry, by then your friend will recover ……”
When Chen Ping heard that Xiaolan could be saved, there was not the slightest expression on his face, as if Xiaolan’s life had nothing to do with him.
Seeing this, Xu Changsheng hurriedly stepped forward, “Valley Master, I thank the Valley Master on behalf of Brother Chen ……”
“Elder Xu, take this little brother down, we’ll have a meal together at noon ……”
The Pill God Valley Master waved his hand.
Xu Changsheng nodded, and then said to Chen Ping, “Brother Chen, let’s go, since the Valley Master has promised, your friend must be saved ……”
Chen Ping glanced at Xiao Lan who was lying on one side and followed Xu Changsheng out of the main hall.
After walking out of the hall, Xu Changsheng saw that Chen Ping’s expression was a bit off, so he opened his mouth and asked, “Brother Chen, aren’t you not trusting our valley master? Our Valley Master is very powerful, if he says he can save your friend, he can definitely save ……”