Chen Ping followed the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace all the way to the Great Hall Hou Fei, and after skimming through the buildings, he landed in front of a house that wasn’t very big!
Two Broad Cold Palace disciples were guarding the entrance of this house, and when they saw that the Palace Master had arrived, they hurriedly saluted!
The Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace then led Chen Ping into it!
Inside, there were surprisingly many spirit seats enshrined, and in front of these spirit seats were placed a single Heavenly Demon Stone!
“Mr Chen, these are the Heavenly Demon Stones, take as many as you need for yourself!”
The Palace Master said!
Chen Ping looked at those Heavenly Demon Stones that were nothing special, he just went up and took one and put it in his storage ring!
“Palace Master, are all of these spirit positions the previous seniors of the Guanghan Palace?”
Chen Ping asked as he swept a glance!
“That’s right, I set up these spirit seats in the hope that someone from our Guanghan Palace’s predecessors can have their divine souls returned to their places, and if someone’s meant soul is still alive, with this Heavenly Demon Stone, they can be reborn.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said!
“Then the companions that the Palace Master told me about, could it be ……”
Chen Ping looked at those spirit bits and was a little puzzled!
Could it be that he was allowed to take the spirit bits with him to the poles?
Seeing Chen Ping’s doubts, the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace smiled faintly and then turned around and walked behind those spirit bits!
After the spirit bits, there was actually a piece of formation blocking them!
The Palace Master then took out a jade tablet and then gently pressed it on that formation!
There was a flash of light, and the formation in front of him slowly disappeared, followed by the appearance of a space!
After the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master led Chen Ping to walk in, he found that there was surprisingly no ice or snow here, and the mountains and water were very beautiful.
Only this place was not very large, as Chen Ping was able to see the border barrier as far as the eye could see!
This should be a small space world that had been opened up!
Brush Brush Brush …………
Right after the Palace Master led Chen Ping to enter, suddenly a figure came from all directions!
Chen Ping instantly became cautious as his aura began to surge!
“There is no need to be afraid, these are the Holy Daughters of our Broad Cold Palace, the successors of the next generation of Palace Masters!”
The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace explained to Chen Ping!
Soon, twelve valiant female cultivators wearing uniform costumes landed in front of Chen Ping and the others!
“Greetings to the Palace Master ……”
The twelve Saintesses fell to their knees in unison!
However, their eyes all involuntarily glanced at Chen Ping one more time!
It was because they had never seen a man since they were chosen as Holy Maidens!
The Palace Master had never brought a man here either, even the other disciples of Guanghan Palace had never come here!
Chen Ping swept a glance at these Holy Maidens, basically all of them were at the sixth level of the Transition Realm!
For Guanghan Palace to have just reorganised, this kind of strength was not weak!
One must know that the three kings and four kings of the Beast Race were only at the seventh level of the Transition Realm!
Although these twelve Holy Maidens were only at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, the aura emanating from each of them was able to coalesce and form a powerful aura!
Although there were only twelve of them, that aura was like an army of thousands!
Of course, to be able to be chosen as a Saint Anne, there must be something special about these female cultivators as well!
“Palace Master, the companions you are talking about, are they these Saint Anne?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Not bad, it’s them, I need them to make a breakthrough in the Polar Regions, and raise their strength as quickly as possible to do so.”
The Palace Master herself knew that the overall strength of the Guanghan Palace was too low!
Other than herself, and that Elder Mu, basically the highest was only at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm.
This was a world of difference when compared to the strength of the previous Guanghan Palace!
One must know that in the previous Broad Cold Palace, only those who had reached the Mahayana realm would be eligible to be chosen as the Holy Maiden!
But now the situation was different, and the Palace Master could only choose a general from amongst the dwarfs!