After hearing this, Ge Cansheng smiled awkwardly and said, “Old Jin, your skills are really getting stronger and stronger now, even my voice transmission techniques can’t escape your eyes.”
“Hahahaha, it’s good that you know, so I advise you all, it’s better to submit to me as soon as possible, when the time comes that our Fire Sect Secret Realm is united into one, just ask the people from the other Secret Realms, who still dares to fight us?”
Jin Lifu laughed loudly!
“Jin Lifu, asking us to be your little brothers, don’t you dream ……”
On the side, Jiang Wu Ya coldly snorted!
For his part, Jin Lifu laughed without saying a word, and the crowd all took their seats!
Ge Yuhan walked up to Chen Ping with a cup of tea and said with a smile on her face, “Mr. Chen, please use the tea ……”
“Many thanks Miss Ge, is there nothing wrong with your health now?”
Chen Ping asked with concern.
“It’s fine!” Ge Yuhan shook her head gently.
Just at the moment Ge Yuhan came out, Jin Yuan behind Jin Lifu was looking straight at Ge Yuhan with his eyes unabashedly shining!
“Dad, have you forgotten that there’s something else to say?”
At this moment, Jin Yuan said softly in Jin Li Fu’s ear.
“I haven’t forgotten ……,” Jin Lifu said, then he looked at Ge Cansheng and said, “Ge Cansheng, now that your daughter has regained her sanity and has grown up to be a pavilion, do you think that our two families can be in-laws, then the whole Fire Gate Secret Realm Then the whole Fire Gate Secret Realm will be ours!”
“No, I don’t like your son.” Without waiting for Ge Cansheng to speak, Ge Yuhan said with a disgusted look on her face.
“Ge Yuhan, what are you talking about? Which part of me is not good enough for you?”
Jin Yuan questioned with a face of anger.
“I just can’t see you anyway!” Ge Yuhan finished speaking and went straight back into the room!
Jin Yuan, on the other hand, was furious, his face full of iron, his eyes showing ferocity!
“Old Jin, we old guys should stay out of the children’s affairs, it’s all about free love now!”
Ge Cansheng said to Jin Lifu.
Jin Lifu also did not dwell on this matter, but said to Ge Cansheng, “Ge Cansheng, you also know the rules of the Secret Realm, this Chen Ping, being from the secular world, wants to participate in the Secret Realm a*sembly, it is impossible to have a place.”
“Moreover, for our Fire Sect Secret Realm, every single spot is very precious, for someone of Chen Ping’s strength, if he were to participate in the Secret Realm a*sembly, he would not be able to fight for any resources other than disgrace to our Fire Sect Secret Realm!”
“This Fire Gate Secret Realm is not your Ge family’s, we have to think of all the people in the Secret Realm!”
Jin Lifu once again stated his opinion!
“Mr. Chen is considered a member of my Ge family, why can’t he participate in the Secret Realm Conference? And it’s from my Ge family’s quota. Out, what do you, Chopping Moon Pavilion, care?”
Ge Cansheng said with some anger.
“Although the quota is your Ge Family’s, but this Chen Ping is only at the Third Realm of the Distinguished God, can he get into the ring?”
“He may still be able to dominate in the secular world with this strength, but in the secret realm, this point of his strength is simply not enough!”
Jin Li Fu said in a cold voice.
“I’m just letting Chen see it, I’m not going to let him get into the ring, so the level of strength is of little use!”
Ge Cansheng said.
“Not going in the ring, I disagree even more, to know that the ring of the Secret Realm a*sembly belongs to their young people, and this Chen Ping as a young man, when he goes and just sits in the stands, won’t he make the people of the other Secret Realms laugh at us?”
Jin Lifu said loudly.
“Jin Lifu, you are minding things too broadly, although your Zhangyue Pavilion is the strongest now, you are still not the master of the Fire Gate Secret Realm, so who are you to tell others what to do?”
Cao Fu looked somewhat uncomfortable at Jin Lifu and asked with a face full of disdain.
“Cao Fu, you’re a casual cultivator, do you have the right to speak? If you don’t be honest again, believe it or not, I will clear you out of the Fire Sect Secret Realm!”
Jin Lifu looked coldly at Cao Fu, his eyes filled with anger!
“You’re too wild, I’ll be dishonest, I’ll see what you can do to me!”
Cao Fu’s temper also exploded instantly and he roared loudly!