Chen Ping, on the other hand, used his Heavenly Underworld Eyes to take a closer look and found that the fan was indeed a bit peculiar, as the streaming light on it was not emitted from possessing the formation pattern, it was the light of the fan itself!
Moreover, the refining structure of this fan was also very peculiar, and Chen Ping unexpectedly could not understand some of it!
That old Yang listened to the crowd’s discussion, said the fan is not good, but also did not get angry, on the contrary, is a cold smile said “all of you, have you ever heard of the legend of the Lu Ban Pavilion?”
“Of course I’ve heard of it, I heard that this Lu Ban Pavilion is a fairy pavilion, in the heavenly realm also has not a small position, and this Lu Ban Pavilion is good at refining weapons.”
“This Lu Ban Pavilion refining can be strange and weird things, I heard that Lu Ban Pavilion refining a palm-sized wooden boat, but can instantly change, loaded with ten thousand people!”
“Yes, yes, yes, I’ve also heard that that Lu Ban Pavilion is able to turn decay into a divine weapon, it’s awesome!”
When the many cultivators heard about the Lu Ban Pavilion, one by one, they all spoke up!
“Lu Ban Pavilion, why do I seem to have some impression?”
At that moment, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
As soon as Chen Ping heard it, he knew that this Lupin Pavilion was not simple, and the Red Cloud Demon Monarch felt impressed that it should be a sect of the Heavenly Realm!
“Gentlemen, I believe that many people know about the Lu Ban Pavilion, but would not believe that the fan in my hand would be made by the Lu Ban Pavilion, today I will demonstrate it in public, so that you will know whether it is true or false!”
As the old Yang said, a trace of breath struck into that folding fan, and the flowing light on the folding fan grew even more, and immediately after that, it even began to grow larger, and finally became the size of a zhang, directly covering that old Yang!
“This folding fan looks as thin as a cicada’s wing, but it’s extremely sturdy and has a strong defensive ability, this is a defensive folding fan.”
“Even if it’s a peak Transition Realm expert who wants to break this folding fan, it’s simply impossible.”
“Now I’ll give it a try!”
The old master said, the folding fan in his hand was placed in front of him, then he operated his breath, the aura of the peak of the Transitional Appearance Realm erupted, then he blasted out with a palm!
Blow!
<br> accompanied by a loud noise, the whole room shakes up, but the fan in front of the fan is intact!
All the monks are so excited to see this scene!
If there is such a defensive weapon, will not encounter the top of the heist, you can also have a chance to live!
Chen Bing is also a bit excited.
Now, although Chen Ping has no bad body, but this is not bad the solidity of the body, can only follow Chen Ping’s strength and grow!
Chen Ping also had the Dragon Tattoo Bell, and with the sturdiness of the Dragon Tattoo Bell, it would also be able to resist a strike from the peak of the Transition Realm!
But to hold himself inside the Dragon Tattoo Bell, wasn’t this the same as catching a turtle in a jar? If he really encountered danger, there was no chance of escaping!
But this folding fan is different, it can be used at any time, if there is this kind of defensive magic treasure, Chen Ping will not need to be afraid of the peak of the Ferrying Realm, the big deal is to run, he will not be injured!
“Old Yang, the starting price of this folding fan must not be low, right?”
A cultivator asked loudly!
“Of course, the starting price is twenty million spirit coins, the highest bidder wins!”
Lao Yang said!
“I bid twenty million ……”
Immediately, someone shouted out!
“I bid forty million ……”
“I bid sixty million ……”
This had just started and someone had shouted out sixty million, it seemed that the crowd really liked it!
“I bid one hundred million!”
At this time, a slim cultivator got up, and a single mouthful was a hundred million!
This time, it subdued a lot of people, although this thing was a good thing, but at this price, it wasn’t something that anyone could afford!
That cultivator saw that no one had opened their mouths, with a few smiles on his face, he looked like he was determined to win!
“110 million ……”
Just when that cultivator felt that it was a sure thing, Chen Ping suddenly opened his mouth!