Kyoto Martial Arts Union!
After a day of recuperation, Guo Wei’s injuries were much better, and at this moment, Guo Wei’s face could not be more unsightly.
Equally ugly was Long Jingguo, because on this day, Chen Ping had the Shadowless Villa annex all the forces of the Thunderbolt Sect and the Xuanyuan Family, while the Bai Family had also taken the opportunity to annex the Qin Family!
Both the Shadowless Villa and the Bai Family, as they were known, were Chen Ping’s forces, and in this way Chen Ping’s power in Kyoto had expanded quite a lot at once.
Just as the two men, Guo Wei and Long Jingguo, were silent, suddenly Zhu Zhishan walked in!
“Alliance Master …………”
Guo Wei got up and wanted to say something, but was interrupted by Zhu Zhishan with a wave of his hand.
“I know all about it, just a few small clan families, since that Chen Ping likes it, let him take it, he is naive to think that with this amount of power, he can get a firm foothold in Kyoto, it is simply a fantasy!”
Zhu Zhishan laughed disdainfully, then said, “Guo Wei, do you still remember the girl you told me about?”
“Remember!” Guo Wei nodded his head.
“You bring someone to bring me that girl right now, but remember, don’t hurt her, let alone kill her, or none of you will live ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a serious face.
Looking at Zhu Zhishan’s look, Guo Wei knew that Su Yuqi was very important to the Martial Alliance, it should be Zhu Zhishan who had found out something!
“I know!”
Guo Wei nodded, and then found a few eighth grade Martial Sect experts within the Alliance, and together they went to capture Su Yuqi.
As Guo Wei walked back, Zhu Zhishan looked at Long Jingguo: “Master of the Long Family, do you have anything to do?”
“Lord Zhu, my son was beaten up by that Chen Ping, we can’t swallow this anger, so I want to discuss with the Lord, let my Long Family step in and teach that Chen Ping a good lesson ……”
Long Jingguo said to Zhu Zhishan.
Long Jingguo was not looking for revenge, he was afraid that after the Martial Arts Alliance caught Chen Ping, after torturing him to death, then Long Jingguo would no longer have the leverage to threaten Long Ruotong, and the secret he wanted to know, he would never know.
That was why he had found Zhu Zhishan, wanting to take the matter of dealing with Chen Ping onto the Long Family, so that if he caught Chen Ping, he would not believe that Long Rutong would not give in!
“Master of the Long Family, according to reason, you have spoken, this face I have to give, but Mr. Shi has already issued three documents, Chen Ping we can’t move for the time being, but he won’t be able to bounce around for long!”
Zhu Zhishan said with a difficult face.
When he heard Zhu Zhishan mention Mr. Shi, Long Jingguo’s brow furrowed slightly, and finally he could only nod helplessly and said, “Then we can only let Chen Ping bounce around for two days, but I can’t swallow this anger when my son was beaten like that!”
“Long Family Master, if you can’t swallow this anger, I do have an idea ……”
Zhu Zhishan lit up before his eyes, then whispered a few words in Long Jingguo’s ear!
After hearing this, Long Jingguo was slightly stunned, “Master Zhu, I …… am afraid that Xiao’er is not a match for that Chen Ping, won’t he be a disgrace then?”
“Don’t worry, although that Chen Ping has good talent, but his strength is not higher than that Long Xiao, moreover I know that your Long family still has divine weapons, if it is not possible, let that Long Xiao sacrifice his divine weapons, are you still afraid that that Chen Ping will dare to kill your family’s brat?”
Zhu Zhishan said with a faint smile.
“That’s true!” Long Jingguo nodded, “I’ll go back and prepare to place a battle note on the forum!”
Zhu Zhishan patted Long Jingguo’s shoulder, “Don’t worry, when the time comes to really compete, I will give Long Xiao a big gift.”
“Thank you, Master Zhu!”
Long Jingguo said happily.
After Long Jingguo left, Zhu Zhishan slowly walked up to the highest tower of the Martial Alliance, from where he could see the entire prosperous Kyoto!
“If that girl child is really a spirit body, with time, my divine kung fu will definitely become great …………”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes shone with light.