“Damn, this bone of my old man, it’s all been boiled in soup by these guys, when I recover my flesh, I’ll kill all these devil cultivators!”
When the Red Cloud Demon Monarch saw this scene, he was instantly furious!
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately laughed, “Senior, you yourself are a devil cultivator, and you still kill all these devil cultivators!”
“Even though I am a devil cultivator, I also have a heart of justice, regardless of whether it is the human race or the devil race, even if it is the beast race, as long as they lose their conscience, I will kill them all.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said angrily!
Listening to the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Chen Ping just laughed, if it wasn’t for this Blood and Bone Sect using his bones, would the Red Cloud Demon Monarch still say such words?
If he really ascended to Immortality, where would he still care about the lives of others, everyone on the Celestial Realm was probably just a mole in their eyes!
A battle between two great powers will break many worlds and kill many people, but who cares?
Chen Ping put away that Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s skeleton, and then a to fire less the secret room!
Even the entire bone mountain was turned into ashes, because only in this way, this entire area of the Blood and Bone Sect could be revitalised after many years.
Otherwise, with so many white bones, the sinister aura is so heavy that it is difficult for any vegetation animals to survive!
Chen Ping obtained the skeleton and planned to follow Patriarch Jiang and the others back to the Soul Demon Sect first, to help the dozen or so cultivators refine some pills so that they could recuperate and recover before saying anything!
On the other hand, the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace was planning to return to the Guanghan Palace with the Sacred Maidens, there would be no need for them to follow them back to the Soul Demon Sect!
“Palace Master, this time when I killed that Mu Qing, I’m afraid that it will be very unfavourable to your Guanghan Palace, when that Mu Family Head comes out of the gate and can’t find me, he’ll definitely come after you.”
Chen Ping was worried that the Mu Family would find trouble with the Guanghan Palace!
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, that Mu Family Head won’t come out of customs for a short period of time, last time a strand of his divine soul was shaken away by Lord Domain Master, it will be hard to recover for more time.”
“If that Mu Family really seeks trouble, I can inform Mr Chen, don’t we have a sound transmission jade slip!”
The Broad Cold Palace Lord said without a care in the world!
“That’s fine, if that Mu Family makes a move, notify me right away, I’ll come over the fastest!”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping nodded and said!
He could not stay in Guanghan Palace waiting for the Mu family to find trouble, after all, there were still things to do, but also to go to the Qingniu Peak’s Weapon Refining Sect, to repair the Dragon Chopping Sword, so that the sword spirit Zhong Li could be completely free, this period of time did not see Zhong Li, Chen Ping was a little bit wanting.
Moreover, Chen Ping could not go to the Mu Family and directly destroy the Mu Family, after all, he did not yet understand the strength of the Mu Family’s head!
If the Mu Family Head was too strong and he found himself there, wouldn’t that be asking for death!
After bidding farewell to the people of the Guanghan Palace, Chen Ping led Patriarch Jiang and the others back to the Soul Demon Sect!
Patriarch Jiang had taken out all of the immortal herbs from the Soul Demon Sect and had also ordered people to go deep into the Heavenly Demon Mountain to pick immortal herbs in order to heal these dozen or so cultivators!
Although it wasn’t Sovereign Jiang who caused these cultivators to become like this, but after all, it was all the work of his master and brothers, and Sovereign Jiang felt guilty in his heart!
Chen Ping stayed in the Soul Demon Sect refining pills for all the people while slowly recovering, after all, after a vicious battle at the Blood and Bone Sect, Chen Ping’s consumption was also huge!
Luckily, after absorbing some of the dead qi, Chen Ping had still recovered some, otherwise Chen Ping would have to spend a lot of resources if he wanted to recover as before!
Chen Ping stayed in the Soul Demon Sect for three whole days, in addition to refining pills to heal the dozen or so cultivators, he also had to channel their hearts to avoid leaving an indelible impact on these people because of the Blood and Bone Sect incident!
It was also because of these three days that Chen Ping followed the dozen or so cultivators and became quite familiar with them, many of these people were casual cultivators, which was why they were captured by the Blood and Bone Sect and used as resources for cultivation!