“Alliance Master, don’t forget that Chen Ping is still in the Xiao Dynasty, and according to my probing, the reason why that Chen Ping is able to turn danger into safety time and time again is because there is a strong person behind him, possibly a strong person of the Immortalisation Realm.”
“This strong person, I’m afraid that he’s even more powerful than Old Taoist Wuji, a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, in front of this strong person, he can be decapitated with just a look.”
Patriarch Zhou said!
Zuo Tianzheng frowned, “Patriarch Zhou, I know that you are more of a wimp and run away when you encounter danger, but you are not so scared that you are exaggerating that Chen Ping so much, right?”
“Our Demon Sealing Alliance has been chasing after that Chen Ping for such a long time, if there are Immortalisation Realm powerhouses behind that Chen Ping, why didn’t they destroy our Demon Sealing Alliance?”
“This ……” Patriarch Zhou didn’t know how to explain for a moment!
Instead, it was Luo Ta on the side who became interested, “A Harmonised Immortal Realm realm expert? Even more powerful than that Wuji Old Taoist?”
“It should be!”Patriarch Zhou nodded his head!
“Should be? You’ve seen that person strike?”Luo Ta asked!
“No!”Patriarch Zhou shook his head, “However, the strong person behind that Chen Ping seldom makes a move, and every time he makes a move, it is when that Chen Ping is in distress, but the moment he makes a move, he will definitely relieve that Chen Ping of his distress.”
“Just this?”Luo Ta smiled!
“That’s all!”Patriarch Zhou nodded!
“Hahaha, I’ve also heard that, that Chen Ping is only at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, a cultivator who hasn’t even reached the Mahayana Realm, even if he’s in danger, how strong can the enemy be?”
“The fact that the strongest person behind him made a move doesn’t mean anything, does it? A cultivator of the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, I can also decapitate him with a single glance ……”
After saying that, Luo Ta’s eyes glared at that Patriarch Zhou!
This time, that Patriarch Zhou was terrified, and panicked as he fell to his knees, not daring to look directly at Luo Ta!
Zuo Tianzheng also panicked at the side and said in a panic, “Offering Luo, no matter what realm the strong man behind that Chen Ping is in, he is definitely not a match for Offering Luo.”
Zuo Tianzheng knew that these Divine Races were all incredibly high and proud, so he had to flatter them in order to do so!
Sure enough, after Zuo Tianzheng finished speaking, that Luo Ta slowly withdrew his eyes and said with a cold smile, “Regardless of what kind of strong person it is, or that Wuji old Taoist, I will just kill them all together!”
“Yes, yes, yes, no one can be defeated if Provider Luo strikes ……”
Zuo Tianzheng hurriedly chimed in!
Patriarch Zhou didn’t dare to speak anymore, originally he wanted to remind him and almost lost his own little life!
Looking at Zuo Tianzheng’s complimentary look, Luo Ta coldly laughed, “I know you guys think I’m talking big, but I don’t blame you guys, after all, you guys haven’t seen the world, you guys are afraid that you haven’t even seen an expert of the Immortalisation realm.”
“Your so-called experts are worthless in my eyes, with this punch of mine, I will be able to make the strong people in your eyes go up in smoke!”
Zuo Tianzheng bowed, and could only nod his head to accompany the smile, saying repeatedly, “Yes yes yes ……”
However, Zuo Tianzheng knew that this Luo Ta was just bragging, but who dared to refute with him ah!
If it was really that bullish, that Tenth Highness wouldn’t have been beaten by the Wuji Daoist and fled in fear!
They all knew that people of the Divine Race liked to brag, but they didn’t expect to like it so much!
“Let’s go, accompany me to the Xiao Dynasty, I’m going to let you all watch with your own eyes how I draped that so-called strong man and Old Taoist Wuji with a single punch!”
Luo Ta finished speaking and stepped out of the grand hall!
Zuo Tian was following closely behind, while that Patriarch Zhou had been walking out of the great hall until Luo Ta dared to stand up!
“Patriarch, what do we do?”Tian Luo asked!
“Go, follow over and take a look, but hide far away, I want to see with my own eyes, how this guy who likes to brag, died a horrible death.”
“The powerhouse behind that Chen Ping is definitely not simple, this is something I wasted a lot of effort inquiring about.”
“Since none of them believe it, let’s go and try it out.”
“If that Luo Ta wins, we’ll follow in the glory, if he loses, we’ll turn our heads and run, none of you are allowed to start a conflict with the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!”
Patriarch Zhou instructed both Heavenly Fury and Heavenly Luo!
“Understood!”Heavenly Luo and Heavenly Fury all nodded!