After untying Anna, Anna cried and jumped into Chen Ping’s arms at once!
Anna, whose heart was like death, only had a glimmer of solace in her heart when she saw Chen Ping.
“Wait until I take care of this guy first, you are hugging me, how can I kill him when you are hugging me like this ……”
Chen Ping said with a helpless face.
As soon as Anna heard this, she hurriedly released Chen Ping, after all, they weren’t out of danger yet!
A black fog was still shrouded around them, and the second priest was still watching Chen Ping intently!
“It’s just some underground Yin Qi and spirits, it’s worth all this trouble, ignorant guys ……”
Chen Ping looked at that Second Priest coldly, then walked towards the Second Priest!
The second priest looked at Chen Ping who was walking over and couldn’t help but feel a tremble in his heart!
“This is the devil, you are the one who is ignorant ……”
The second priest said, and began to recite a spell under his breath, and soon the cloud of mist, coalesced into a humanoid monster with a screwed up figure.
“The devil has descended, and all shall die ……”
The second priest urged the coalescing humanoid monstrosity and was about to strike at Chen Ping!
A golden light flashed on Chen Ping’s body, followed by a slap across the face!
The humanoid monster that had just coalesced was instantly drawn apart and turned back into mist that drifted around.
“This …………”
The second priest was dumbfounded ……
Chen Ping didn’t wait for that Second Priest to react before he smacked it again!
That second priest instantly rolled straight down from the altar.
“Fan Jiang, you guys clean up these guys and protect me, such a good opportunity, I want to cultivate ……”
Chen Ping was on top of the altar and said to Fan Jiang.
“Okay, Mr. Chen ……”
Fan Jiang nodded his head.
Against these guys, Fan Jiang alone would be enough, not to mention the presence of Hu Ma Zi and Ge Yu Han!
“You go down, someone will protect you, I need to refine these Yin Qi before I can do that ……”
Chen Ping let Anna walk off the altar, while he himself sat on his knees and began to refine those spirits and Yin Qi that were rising from the ground!
Under the altar, a wailing sound rang out, along with the roar of the tiger demon.
Even if the tiger demon was released, the Second Priest and his men would not escape death!
The difference in power was too great.
Soon, all of the Second Priest’s men were dead, while Hu Ma Zi pocketed the tiger demon’s beast pellet!
At this moment, only Andrew was left, with an ugly face of not knowing what to do!
“Ann …… Princess Anna ……”
Andrew looked at Princess Anna, who was walking towards him, with an embarra*sed face!
Anna looked at Andrew with a sad face and finally turned around and with a wave of her hand said, “Andrew, go away and never let me see you again, and you should never appear in the Duke’s house ……”
Anna didn’t kill Andrew, but she did know that Andrew couldn’t be used anymore!
Once betrayed once, whether by coercion or by choice, such a guard should never be used again.
Andrew was so ashamed that he finally turned and left, not having the courage to beg Anna to stay!
Daniel and the High Priest also left, and now that the Second Priest was dead, they went back with the intention of purging the Royal Family of those Second Priest’s cohorts.
Hu Ma Zi and the others were here to protect Chen Ping, who stayed on that altar for three days.
For the entire three days, Chen Ping did not move a muscle!
Absorbing the Yin Qi that had emerged, the aura within Chen Ping’s body was changing!
When the Yin Qi was truly consumed, Chen Ping’s strength would definitely be able to rise to the next level.
On the fourth day, the black mist on the altar was completely absorbed, and Chen Ping opened his eyes, his aura tumbling.
Chen Ping clenched his fist tightly.
“The strength of a Sixth Grade Great Martial Marquis, it seems to be really worth the trip ……”
Chen Ping was full of happiness.