When the others saw the black and gold robe that had just struck, they all looked grave, originally everyone was of similar strength, but the sudden appearance of a Martial Saint had obviously upset the balance!
At this moment, Hong Qianjiu slowly looked at Ning Zhi, and then looked at the four black and gold robes behind Ning Zhi, because the other party’s aura was all hidden, so he was not sure if the four people behind Ning Zhi were all Martial Saints!
If they were all Martial Saints, then they would be resigned to their fate, four Martial Saints, there would be nothing left for them to do!
“Who the hell are you people?”
Hong Qianjiu frowned as he looked at Ning Zhi and asked.
“I’ve said it all, I’m just looking at the injustice of what you guys are doing, why are you the only ones allowed to enter the relic? It’s not like this relic belongs to your family, if you want to enter, we all go in.”
“Do you all think I’m right?”
Ning Zhi turned his head and asked, looking at the other clans.
“Yes, why should you have it all to yourself.”
“Get in together, or no one gets in.”
“If you P*ss me off, I’ll just blow myself up and blow up this hill, so no one will play.”
The crowd echoed Ning Zhi, originally they had anger in their hearts, but Hong Qianjiu’s side was so strong that they could only hold their breath!
Now that someone had come forward, these people quickly sided with Ning Zhi’s camp!
Hong Qianjiu’s face turned ugly as he listened to the people’s comments, and his eyes were filled with anger as he looked at Ning Zhi!
If it wasn’t for him, they would have entered the relic by now, and probably gotten their hands on all the treasures inside!
“Don’t think you can ignore us just because you have a Martial Saint backing you up, there are so many of us joining forces, even if you have a Martial Saint behind you, what can we do?”
Hong Qianjiu gritted his teeth and said.
He didn’t believe that the four people behind Ning Zhi would all be Martial Saints, then Martial Saints would be too worthless!
Where did Hong Qianjiu know that in the Secret Realm, Martial Saints were indeed worthless, it was just that people in the Secret Realm didn’t come to the mundane world easily, which was why they were led to believe that Martial Saints were few and far between and were all unbeatable existences!
“If you’re not convinced, I can give you the chance to join forces, but if you lose, you must let everyone into the relic.”
Ning Zhi said to Hong Qianjiu.
Ning Zhi’s request confused Hong Qianjiu a little, he didn’t understand why Ning Zhi always demanded that everyone be allowed to enter the relics?
This was clearly out of line!
However, at this time, it was not something that Hong Qianjiu could consider in detail.
“Fine, I promise you, I don’t believe that the five of you can still carry the attack of so many of us.”
Hong Qianjiu gritted his teeth as the longsword in his hand began to buzz!
“It’s not five, it’s four ……”
After saying that, Ning Zhi’s body stepped backwards while the four Black Gold Robes stood in front of Hong Qianjiu!
With a cold face, Hong Qianjiu looked at the many clans allied with him and said, “Whether or not we can occupy this relic depends on this strike, I hope everyone will put their best foot forward.”
After saying this, Hong Qianjiu led the crowd to attack directly towards the four black and gold robes!
A dozen of weapons, carrying endless powerful Qi, directly enveloped those four Black Gold Robes.
The combined energy was so powerful that it smashed into the four Black Gold Robes like a meteorite from the sky!
The four Black Gold Robes’ faces were full of disdain, facing the combined attack of more than a dozen people, the four Black Gold Robes had a breezy look on their faces, only to see the four of them raise their hands, and four overwhelming auras spread out in all directions!
Hong Qianjiu and the others couldn’t even get close to the four black and gold robes before that aura was instantly knocked away!
A dozen people, without even touching the corners of each other’s clothes, were directly knocked out of the room, knowing that these people were all at the late stage of Great Martial Marquis strength, and some of them were holding Martial Saint weapons!