A terrifying aura emanated from this red humanoid!
Chen Ping’s face was filled with astonishment, he had never thought about how the souls of two people could fuse and how they could turn into such an ugly fellow.
Obviously, the red humanoid after the fusion of Hu Da and Hu Er’s souls had obviously increased its strength and realm by a lot!
Accompanied by a roar from the red humanoid, a gale of aura instantly blew around the surroundings, and an aura of pressure caused Chen Ping’s body to instantly fall from that mid-air!
“This …… what is the situation, this guy even has the peak strength of the eighth grade of the Ferrying Realm now, I am enough to be an opponent.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder looked at that red humanoid with a surprised expression.
The souls of two Transitional Apparition realm sixth grade cultivators had actually fused into a body with peak Transitional Apparition realm eighth grade with the help of this Sacrificial Blood Formation!
This was simply too outrageous!
One must know that with the strength of a peak of the eighth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm, even if one were to fight ten or eight sixth ranks of the Transitional Apparition realm, it would no longer be a matter of words!
“Worthy of being a formation disc that came from the Heavenly Realm, it’s too powerful ……”
Sheng Bushi exclaimed.
As a formation talisman family, Sheng Bushi knew that even if their Sheng family were to cultivate for several lifetimes, they would never be able to carve out such a powerful formation disc!
The blood-coloured humanoid stared at Chen Ping and suddenly attacked towards him!
The body was like lightning, its speed was extreme!
Chen Ping’s heart tightened, although he had been promoted to the second rank of the Transition Realm, it was still unlikely for him to deal with the eighth rank of the Transition Realm!
Not to mention the fact that there was a constant supply of power from the array disc behind this fellow!
The blood-coloured humanoid’s body was constantly flickering with array patterns, following the connection with the surrounding Priestly Blood Formation!
The Priestly Blood Formation used the blood within the formation patterns to continuously provide power to the bloody figure.
This time, Chen Ping seemed to be in a deadlock!
The opponent was in a higher realm than you, was stronger, and had a constant flow of resources!
How can you fight?
At this moment, this transformed blood-coloured monster arrived in front of Chen Ping in a matter of moments.
He let out an inaudible whimpering sound from his mouth as he blasted out a blood-coloured light.
This light continued to expand in Chen Ping’s eyes, Chen Ping’s body steeply retreated, but the light followed like a shadow, always following in front of him.
Chen Ping frowned, the Supreme Fire condensed in his palm, then transformed into a huge burning shield in front of his body, enveloping his entire body.
However, this light splendour flew to, but instead of crashing on top of the shield, it passed through as if it was an invisible object.
“What is going on here?”
Chen Ping’s pupils shrunk slightly.
Bang!
This light flash smashed into Chen Ping’s chest, causing him to fly backwards.
Chen Ping violently spat out a mouthful of blood, his face pale.
“Master!”Seeing this, the Fire Phoenix cried out!
“Chen Ping!”Bai Shao was also heartbroken beyond measure.
“Chen …………”
Luo Shouhai and the rest of them were also all sweating for Chen Ping, but they couldn’t help in the slightest even if they were nervous at this moment.
“You guys don’t need to be nervous, you won’t die ……”
Chen Ping squeezed out a smile towards the crowd, then wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, his face was calm, holding the Demon Drawing Whip, striking out a whip shadow.
Although this blood-coloured monster was a fusion of Hu Da’s and Hu Er’s souls, even if it was a fusion, it was still a demonic cultivator, and would definitely be afraid of the Demon Drawing Whip.
And this time, the blood-coloured monster didn’t dodge or avoid, a whip shadow passed through the monster’s body without leaving any traces.
The Demon Drawing Whip didn’t seem to work at all!
“Mr Chen, this strange fellow is using this grand formation to fuse the souls of that Hu Da and Hu Er, randomly this strange man has no divine sense at all, much less a sea of consciousness, this Demon Drawing Whip I’m afraid won’t be of much use.”
Ochre Yan followed Chen Ping and reminded him!
Only then did Chen Ping wake up to the fact that the reason why the Demon Drawing Whip was so powerful against demonic cultivators was because it could attack a demonic cultivator’s sea of consciousness!