This was because Xiao Feng had unexpectedly felt a kingly aura from that Xiao Jian’s body as well!
Yu Wenqiang did not know how to reply to Xiao Feng, but he was also very shocked inwardly when he saw that Elder Chu directly shouted out Xiao Jian’s identity!
After all, Xiao Jian’s identity as the prince of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was not something that many people knew about, and now that even the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance knew about it, it made Yu Wenqiang feel a little uneasy inside!
Yu Wenqiang leapt and directly arrived in front of Xiao Jian, then said, “I welcome the second prince back to the dynasty ……”
“Prime Minister Yu, after not seeing you for many years, you have become much stronger again ah!”
Xiao Jian said with a slight smile when he saw Yu Wenqiang!
“Second Prince, your power in Cangwolf City isn’t small anymore, surprisingly you have cultivated so many Mahayana realm experts, and you have this virtuous monk by your side to support you.”
“However, Second Prince knows that Emperor Xiao doesn’t like it too much when people below him cultivate forces.”
Yu Wenqiang reminded Xiao Jian!
The strength Xiao Jian was developing was just too big now, this was going to threaten the entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Xiao Feng’s current strength and power was simply not a match for that Xiao Jian!
“Prime Minister Yu, Father doesn’t like me cultivating my power, so what can I do?”
Xiao Jian suddenly smiled coldly!
And the old monk beside him suddenly struck out towards Yu Wenqiang, with a wave of his sleeve robe, a red-coloured thunderbolt blasted towards Yu Wenqiang!
Yu Wenqiang did not expect that this Xiao Jian would suddenly make a move, for a moment he could not dodge, but was directly struck by the thunderbolt, his body instantly fell down!
“Prime Minister Yu ……”
Xiao Feng saw this and rushed forward to catch Yu Wenqiang!
“Second Prince, you ……”
Fei Wenqiang had a shocked look on his face as he looked at that Xiao Jian!
“Prime Minister Yu, don’t blame me, I was locked up in that shithole of a place in Cangwolf City, I’ve had enough of it a long time ago.”
“I’m also a prince of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, my current strength and power, which point is inferior to this brother of mine, why is he the Crown Prince?”
“It’s not fair, father he’s not fair at all, how much has father paid for this once crazy brother, but how much has he paid for me?”
“I came here today to seize the throne, from now on, the Xiao Emperor of this Xiao Dynasty will be me ……”
“Hahaha …………”
Xiao Jian became more and more excited as he said more and more and threw his head back and laughed!
Elder Chu and the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance also laughed maniacally when they saw this scene!
“Elder Chu, you’re really overly resourceful!”
Patriarch Zhou touted at that Elder Chu!
Now that they suddenly had so many more Mahayana realm experts to help them, these people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty wouldn’t be able to resist at all!
Yu Wenqiang’s face was very ugly, he didn’t expect this outcome!
“Prime Minister Yu, what the hell is going on? Who exactly is this person?”
Xiao Feng asked Yu Wenqiang after him.
Fei Wenqiang could only sigh helplessly and told Xiao Feng about Xiao Jian’s identity after him!
Xiao Feng’s face was filled with shock, he never knew that he had a half-brother!
For so many years, all locked up in Cangwolf City, they had never met!
Looking at Xiao Jian in front of him, Xiao Feng felt somewhat ashamed of himself!
Regardless of Xiao Jian’s realm, as well as Xiao Jian’s power, it was indeed not something that he could compare to!
As a prince of the Xiao Dynasty himself, he had become insane for the sake of a woman!
In looking at this Xiao Jian, it was obvious that he was full of the aura of a king!
“Brother, if you want this Crown Prince status, I can let you have it… As the Crown Prince of the Xiao Dynasty, are you going to watch the Xiao Dynasty be destroyed in the hands of the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
Xiao Feng intended to concede his Crown Prince status in order to gain Xiao Jian’s help!
If Xiao Jian followed the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance and sided with them, then the Xiao Imperial Dynasty would definitely have a hard time surviving the calamity this time!
“Crown Prince?”Xiao Jian snorted coldly, “I don’t want any Crown Prince status right now, what I want is the throne!”
Xiao Jian finished speaking and brought people down to the side of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
When Elder Chu saw this, he couldn’t be happier and directly smiled and promised, “Prince Xiao, don’t worry about it, our Demon Sealing Alliance will definitely support you to sit on the throne!”