“Chen Ping …………”
Gu Ling’er grabbed Chen Ping’s arm.
She was afraid that Chen Ping would be injured by the recoil force.
“It’s alright, I can definitely open this iron door this time ……”
Chen Ping gently patted Gu Ling’er.
Thinking about the old man saying the words, Chen Ping did not mobilize the spirit power and divine dragon power in his body, but used his own power, along with the bulging muscles on his arm, Chen Ping swung his fist towards the iron door.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping shouted explosively and slammed his fist fiercely on top of the iron door!
Rumble …………
This time, there was really no recoil, and the thick iron door rumbled as Chen Ping smashed his fist into it!
Chen Ping was delighted, and seeing that it was effective, he instantly threw another punch!
Each punch was delivered with Chen Ping’s own strength, relying solely on his bulging muscles.
Bam, bam, bam …………
The thick, heavy iron door began to shake under the swing of these punches.
“What’s going on?”
Not far away, Gu Kaiyuan, who was sitting on the balcony, was shocked and the red wine in his hand fell to the ground.
Uncle Zhong’s face also changed, “Could it be that Chen Ping is breaking the tower?”
“Go, go and take a look ……”
With a long leap, Gu Kaiyuan dropped down from the balcony and flew towards the Demon Suppression Tower.
Boom …………
When Gu Kaiyuan had just run under the Demon Subduing Tower, there was a sudden loud bang!
The thick iron door unexpectedly collapsed down with a bang.
The iron door smashed into the ground, stirring up a burst of dust.
When the dust cleared, Chen Ping walked out, pulling Gu Ling’er’s hand.
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually broken through the tower, Gu Kaiyuan almost didn’t drop his jaw in shock!
“You …… how could you possibly come out?”
Gu Kaiyuan couldn’t believe his eyes!
A white light flew out from within the Demon Subduing Tower, followed by an old voice appearing in Chen Ping’s mind, “Hahaha, young man, thank you, if it’s fate, I’ll see you on Heavenly Demon Mountain ………… ”
“Heavenly Demon Mountain?” Chen Ping was puzzled for a while, he seemed to have never heard of it, there was such a mountain.
But this was not the time for him to think, Gu Kaiyuan was right in front of him and Chen Ping had to kill him first!
After Gu Ling’er exited the Demon Subduing Tower, the spiritual energy in her body also instantly recovered, and then she looked at that Gu Kaiyuan with anger!
Feeling the aura from Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er, Gu Kaiyuan’s face became very ugly!
And that Zhong Bo behind him, at this moment, his eyes turned, followed by turning around and running!
He knew that what Chen Ping wanted to kill was only Gu Kaiyuan, he was just a servant!
In front of life and death, it was still important to stay alive!
“Where to run ……”
When Gu Ling’er saw that Zhong Bo was going to escape, she chased after him with one long leap.
Chen Ping didn’t stop her, with Gu Ling’er’s strength, it was more than enough to kill that Zhong Bo!
It was a good thing that Gu Ling’er was so angry, so she could take it out on him!
“Gu Kaiyuan, what else do you have, feel free to use it, if you don’t have any more, then be a good boy and die ……”
Chen Ping looked at Gu Kaiyuan with a playful face and said.
Gu Kaiyuan’s face was gloomy and his eyebrows were knitted together in a deadly manner, as if he was making some kind of decision.
“Chen Ping, don’t force me, let me live and I will never mess with you in the future ……”
Gu Kaiyuan gritted his teeth and said slowly.
“Let you live?” Chen Ping smiled coldly, “If I let you go, do you dare to leave?”
Gu Kaiyuan knew that it was impossible for Chen Ping to let him go, so his eyes closed slightly and then snapped open, “Fine, then let us die together ……”
After saying this, Gu Kaiyuan recited an incantation, and immediately afterwards the entire manor began to shake.
Rumbling …………
The earth trembled and many villas actually began to collapse, and soon this luxurious manor turned into wreckage.
Immediately afterwards, from all sides of the manor, a ray of light shot up to the clouds!
These rays of light converged and became an overwhelming force that directly entered Gu Kaiyuan’s body.
In an instant, the aura on Gu Kaiyuan’s body soared, and he soon broke through to the peak of Martial Sect.
Gu Kaiyuan’s face was filled with a grimace, as if he was suffering great pain.