“A match is a match, but if I hurt your mount, please don’t blame Fellow Daoist Chen!”
Mo Killing Shadow said with clasped fists!
“No blame, no blame, just don’t blame me if you hurt it!”
Chen Ping said as he waved his hand repeatedly!
The Heaven Swallowing Beast wasn’t his own, and he didn’t listen to himself anyway, so if he really got hurt, the one who would be heartbroken would also be that Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Don’t worry, I won’t get hurt ……”
After Ink Killing Shadow finished speaking, his figure instantly disappeared, heading straight for the little Heaven Swallowing Beast!
The reason why he was called the Ink Slaying Shadow was because his speed was so fast that he couldn’t even be seen as a shadow!
Just as that Ink Slaying Shadow moved, that Little Heaven Swallowing Beast seemed to know what was going on, then it opened its mouth wide!
A huge suction force directly sucked that Ink Slayer Shadow inside its stomach!
Chen Ping and the others were simply too late to react, they really didn’t even see the shadow of that Mo Killing Shadow, and the person was gone!
“Where is he? Where is the shadow person?”Flower Staff Weng asked!
Lin Kefan and Chen Ping also rushed to look around, and could not find any trace of that Mo Killer Shadow at all.
Chen Ping noticed the stomach of the little Heaven Swallowing Beast at this time, snapped to attention and quickly ran over!
“Spit it out, quickly spit it out, this is not a bad person, it is my friend ……”
Chen Ping shook the little Heaven Swallowing Beast and shouted!
The little Heaven Swallowing Beast opened its mouth and spat out that Mo Killing Shadow!
At this moment, the Mo Killing Shadow was only half alive, wrapped in mucus, and the entire person was constantly coughing!
“Too damn scary, too scary ……”
Mo Killing Shadow had fear in his eyes, and his person was about to be dumbfounded!
Lin Kefan and the Flower Staff Weng were both in a state of confusion as well, they didn’t even see how Mo Killing Shadow got inside that Heaven Swallowing Beast’s stomach!
“Are you alright? I told you that you can’t do it, but you insisted on trying, and you almost died!”
Chen Ping looked at Mo Killing Shadow’s appearance and could not help but laugh!
Lin Kefan looked at Chen Ping, his eyes were full of sizzling heat, “Brother Chen, you have two of these mounts, it’s a waste, I wonder if I can ……”
“No, this mount of mine has all recognised its owner!”
Chen Ping didn’t wait for that Lin Kefan to say me, he directly refused!
He knew that this guy was hitting on his mount again!
Chen Ping retrieved the Little Fire Qilin and the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast and glanced at Mo Killing Shadow and said, “It’s better to wash up quickly, or else people will stink ……”
Chen Ping was just trying to show off a little bit to let the three Lin Kefan’s know about his strength!
It was impossible for him to give away these things, it was fine to give away some pills and Immortal Spirit Stones, but he couldn’t give away any of the treasures on his body!
After Chen Ping left, Lin Kefan’s trio had already been impressed with Chen Ping!
After all, a person with so many treasures on his body, that identity background naturally did not need to be mentioned!
“Damn, this brother-in-law of mine really does have some background, the good stuff on his body, even I haven’t seen it before.”
“But it’s just a bit stingy, one piece is not given to me, but it doesn’t matter, when my sister gets married, I’ll let this kid get more dowry.”
“If he doesn’t make me happy, I won’t let my sister get married, and then I’ll see if he gives it to me!”
The corners of Lin Kefan’s mouth were slightly raised, as if those treasures on Chen Ping’s body were going to come into his hands sooner or later!
Two days later!
Ding Daorong personally delivered the Immortal Spirit Stones to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping knew that even if Interdictor Dao Rong sent Immortal Spirit Stones to him, there couldn’t be many of them, they simply couldn’t reach as many as 100,000, so in order to avoid wearing out his welcome, Chen Ping directly met that Interdictor Dao Rong outside of Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Mr Chen, you asked me to send the Immortal Spirit Stones, I rushed here without stopping ……”
Xing Daorong said with a sweaty head!
This guy didn’t have a blimp, he could only rely on his own spiritual energy to fly, and with such a long distance, the exertion was also huge!
“Hard work!”Chen Ping took the storage bag, “How many Immortal Spirit Stones are in here?”
“One hundred thousand ……,” Ding Daorong said!
“One hundred thousand?”Chen Ping’s body shuddered, “F*ck, where did so many Immortal Spirit Stones come from?”