The youngest sister’s brother sighed and could only sit on the sidelines, this sister was too stubborn, she had to find a way to get her to think things through!
Just at this time, suddenly the door of the room was pushed open!
The siblings were startled, after all, who would suddenly come to this room in the middle of the night!
Just as the siblings took up their stance with a wary look, they realised that the one who walked in was none other than Chen Ping!
“You two siblings haven’t left yet?”
Chen Ping said with some surprise!
Chen Ping was surprised that when the youngest sister’s brother was released, the youngest sister would take her brother and leave!
After all, the youngest sister entered the beast city, but also to save her brother, now her brother came out, of course, can leave.
“Brother-in-law, how did you …… you come out? And this big night curfew, you can still walk from the street?”
The youngest sister’s brother asked with a face full of shock!
“You answer me first, why haven’t you guys left yet?”Chen Ping asked!
“I’m not worried about you, so I haven’t left, waiting for news from you.”
“And my sister can’t sleep because she misses you, if she leaves and never sees you again, my sister will get lovesick!”
The youngest sister’s brother hurriedly said!
“Brother, what are you babbling about? You shut your mouth to me!”
The youngest sister was anxious and yelled at her brother!
The youngest sister knew that Chen Ping did not mean anything to herself at all, and there was also that beautiful woman Zhong Li by Chen Ping’s side, prettier than herself and with a better body!
The main thing is that the two people are still in their face lingering it, how can the youngest sister still want Chen Ping it!
Chen Ping looked at the youngest sister brother, also know that this guy in the nonsense, the reason why did not leave, should be to want to follow their own, and then look at the matter of that immortal spirit stone vein, to see if you can not get a piece of the cake!
However, Chen Ping did not point it out, but smiled faintly and said, “Since you want me so much, then sleep, I happen to be sleepy too!”
“Who’s sleeping with you!”
The youngest sister gave Chen Ping a blank look and was about to walk out of the room, but was stopped by her own brother!
“Sister, where are you going ah, big night sleep here, where are not allowed to go!”
After the youngest sister brother stopped the youngest sister, immediately looked to Chen Ping with a smile on his face: “Brother-in-law, I go to the door to you guys guard, you can rest assured, I can’t hear anything!”
Finished, the youngest sister brother close to Chen Ping’s ear: “Brother-in-law, my sister stubborn, you use strong, women are so, the beginning of the struggle, and so you get on the honest!”
Chen Ping looked at the youngest sister brother in shock, he can now conclude that this guy is definitely a big sex maniac, the matter of imprisonment is also certainly not wronged him!
“Brother …………”
Although the youngest sister brother’s words were very small, but the youngest sister also really heard!
At the moment the youngest sister angry, almost on the brother on the hands!
The youngest sister’s brother saw the situation, is rushed to run out, by hand to the door to close!
The youngest sister then looked at Chen Ping, said in a cold voice: “You help me save my brother, I am very grateful to you, but if you use force on me, I would rather die than submit.”
“Don’t worry, I am not that kind of person!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly lay down on the bed!
Missy looked at Chen Ping who was lying on the bed, and for a while she had mixed feelings!
In fact, her mouth was just saying that, if Chen Ping really used force on her, Missy would not resist!
Deep down, she hoped that Chen Ping would do something for himself!
But who knows Chen Ping does not understand, directly on the bed, the youngest sister herself is very embarrassing!
In the youngest sister’s inner tangle of time, Chen Ping has called Zhong Li out, and then make out!
The youngest sister can only stare blankly, mixed feelings inside!
And outside the door, Missy’s brother, listening to the commotion inside the room, was inwardly ecstatic!
“Or my sister has the ability, it seems that this big money is on the evening, the future no longer need to worry!”
The youngest sister’s brother snuggled outside the door, long ago fantasised on!