“You guys don’t believe me?”Chen Ping looked at the silent trio, then threw out three storage bags!
“In each of these storage bags, there are two thousand Immortal Spirit Stones inside, a sort of meet and greet gift!”
“Whether you guys follow me or not, these Immortal Spirit Stones are all yours!”
Looking at the three storage bags, all three of Lin Kefan moved!
Although two thousand Immortal Spirit Stones wasn’t a lot, a small mosquito was still meat!
Don’t want it for nothing!
Lin Kefan reached out and took the storage bags, the Flower Staff Weng and Ink Killing Shadow saw this and hurriedly took the storage bags over as well!
Seeing the three of them receiving the immortal spirit stones, Chen Ping smiled!
“I’m looking for you, not just for the Execution Order, you injured my big brother, this matter ……”
“Twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, considered compensation for injuring your big brother, do you think it’s feasible?”Chen Ping did not wait for Lin Kefan to finish his sentence and directly interrupted!
“This …………”
Lin Kefan hesitated for a moment!
He was a bit unable to keep up with Chen Ping’s thought process, how could he say twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones in one mouth?
Right now, Chen Ping’s mouth was completely like that of a profiteer!
“Thirty thousand ……”
Seeing Lin Kefan hesitate, Chen Ping then blurted out!
“You’re really taking thirty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones as compensation?”
Lin Kefan’s gaze held a few questions.
“Of course, thirty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, buy the grudge between me and your big brother is written off, plus my sincere apologies.”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth hooked up into a playful smile, his eyes flashing with an undeniable light, “In this world, there are some things that money cannot buy, such as true friends and trust.”
“But on the flip side, if a person can even resist the temptation of money, then how much more valuable is he to me than billions?”
Lin Kefan, Flower Staff Weng, and Ink Slayer Shadow looked at each other in disbelief, the expressions on their faces shifting from surprise to confusion to a subtle smile that was difficult to describe.
They seemed to have been somewhat confused by Chen Ping’s words, yet inexplicably felt that there were a few bits of philosophy hidden in these remarks, making one want to probe into their deeper meaning.
“If you guys are suspicious of me, you can absolutely find a cultivator from around the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to ask if there are two cultivators following me, and I directly nobody gave a 10,000 Immortal Spirit Stones as a meet and greet gift.”
Chen Ping continued to say to the confused trio!
“Where are those two cultivators? Let’s meet …… them,” asked Mo Killing Shadow!
It looked like this Mo Killing Shadow was somewhat convinced!
“Ran away, those two took 10,000 immortal spirit stones from me and ran away, but it doesn’t matter, leaving me is their loss, not me ……”
“You see, the people who betrayed me, I can give them ten thousand immortal spirit stones, if they are loyal to me, the immortal spirit stones I give can be one hundred thousand, or even one million.”
“Moreover, when you follow me, what you get is not just resources like Immortal Spirit Stones, but endless opportunities, a promise to fight alongside me and share the glory.”
Chen Ping’s voice gradually became agitated, as if he was a preaching lecturer who was instilling the secrets of success to the trainees, “The three of you, to be able to stand here today, you are destined to be with me, Chen Ping, and I appreciate your strength, and even more so, I value your potential.”
“Millions?”
The three of them seemed to have heard nothing but the word million!
Million Immortal Spirit Stones?
It can buy the entire Celestial Realm ……
The Flower Staff Weng rubbed his temples as if trying to clear his head, “Fellow Daoist Chen …… Chen, are you …… talking out of your arse? Or are you really planning to do this?”
Ink Slayer Shadow, on the other hand, had the corners of his mouth twitching as he tried to maintain his composure, but inwardly he was growling, “This guy, is he serious? Taking Immortal Spirit Stones and scattering them like beans?”
Lin Kefan, on the other hand, had a flickering look in his eyes as if he was weighing something.
He suddenly realised that this Chen Ping in front of him might really have an extraordinary temperament and means.
Even in this world where the strong were honoured, it was rare to be able to enlist people in such a way.
In particular, when Chen Ping spoke, he had a surging and agitated look on his face, it was not like he was telling lies at all!