At this moment, Zhou Jie’s eyes were hollow, she could not understand where the courteous and gentle Song Qingping had gone.
Just as Song Qingping was struggling to vent his anger, suddenly the door of the room was pushed open!
Song Qingping was startled and turned around to reprimand the person who had entered the room, but as soon as he saw the person who had come, Song Qingping’s words stopped instantly and he hurriedly put his clothes back on.
“Lord Demon Amba*sador ……”
Song Qingping shouted respectfully.
The person who came was none other than Ning Zhi, who was currently dressed in black, his eyes sweeping over Zhou Jie’s body twice!
Zhou Jie hurriedly covered her body with the quilt.
“Song Qingping, in this situation now, you are still in the mood to play with women, what a good mood ……”
Ning Zhi laughed coldly, and the voice that came out of his mouth was old and hoarse!
Hearing this voice, Zhou Jie, who was lying on the bed, frowned slightly, she could conclude that in the body of this man in front of her, there was definitely a soul spirit residing!
One should know that the Demon Spirit Sect would never allow this, and the only one who did so was the Demon Heart Sect.
Zhou Jie stared at Ning Zhi with a deadly gaze, such an unfamiliar face suddenly appearing in the Demon Spirit Sect, this caused a bad feeling to rise in Zhou Jie’s heart instantly!
“Lord Demon Envoy, I …… I ……”
Song Qingping wanted to explain, but he didn’t know how to!
“Alright, I don’t want to hear your explanation, how’s the account of what you’ve done?”
Ning Zhi asked.
“That Chen Ping has already taken the Dispersing Energy Water, so I guess he’s turned into an ordinary person now.”
Song Qingping replied.
“That’s good, since we’ve settled Chen Ping, then we’ll be settling all those people who went to Penglai Island, and after today, you’ll become an official Deputy Patriarch.”
Ning Zhi patted Song Qingping’s shoulder and said.
“Thank you, Lord Demon Envoy, for cultivating me, I will go now ……”
Song Qingping nodded, then glanced back at Zhou Jie before turning around and leaving the room!
At this moment, there was only Zhou Jie following Ning Zhi inside the room.
Ning Zhi’s eyes were slightly glued as he looked at Zhou Jie’s fair shoulders and skin, his eyes filled with desire!
“Go and do what needs to be done, are women still afraid of not having one in the future?”
The spirit inside Ning Zhi said indifferently.
As soon as Ning Zhi heard this, he hurriedly retreated!
Zhou Jie didn’t know at this point what Ning Zhi really was, but he knew that Chen Ping was going to be in danger, and he was afraid that the entire Demon Spirit Sect was going to be in danger.
Hastily dressing, Zhou Jie tried to rush out of the room, but found that the door was locked and a spell formation had been laid to prevent Zhou Jie from escaping.
Inside the great hall of the Demon Spirit Sect, the many senior members of the Demon Spirit Sect were all summoned.
“What is the Vice Patriarch doing summoning us at night?”
“I don’t know, I’ve all gone to sleep!”
“I’ve had a fight today and I’m sore, so I’m trying to rest!”
“Our Demon Spirit Sect hasn’t had such a big conflict with someone in years.”
Many of the top bra*s were talking, only that Deacon Lu had a slight frown on his face and didn’t say a word!
“Deacon Lu, you weren’t there today, the Vice Patriarch led us in a big fight and directly f*cked up the other side.”
A man said to Deacon Lu.
Deacon Lu nodded his head and said nothing, his face still worried!
It looked as if that Deacon Lu knew something!
Soon, Song Qingping arrived, and all the people all shut their mouths and took their seats!
“Gentlemen, I’ve gathered everyone together on this big night because I have an announcement to make, as you all know, we are now facing a resurgence of aura and strife will rise again.”
“When that time comes, those so-called famous sects will definitely kill us devils to death, so I have decided to follow the Demon Heart Sect in a strong alliance before the aura resurgence, we are originally of the same lineage, so why kill each other!”
“When the time comes, as long as we unite, those other clans and families will be unbeatable and will submit to us.”
Song Qingping’s words caused an instant uproar!