Although Gu Ling’er’s breath was weak, but it was not fatal, but there was nothing Chen Ping could do yet to make Gu Ling’er wake up.
Right now she had no idea what kind of poison Gu Ling’er had been poisoned with, and just now Chen Ping had tried to suck the toxins out of Gu Ling’er’s body with his Heart Condensation Skill, but it was no use!
“Chen Ping, how is Ling’er doing?”
Gu Wentian asked worriedly.
“Ling’er’s life will not be in danger ……” Chen Ping comforted Gu Wentian, then looked at Lin Tianhu and said, “Lin Tianhu, go find a boat, we need to go back immediately, it doesn’t matter how much it costs! ”
Since many of the boats had only just arrived, there was no return trip, and it would probably cost a lot of money to make the return trip.
Just as Lin Tianhu was about to go and look for the return boats, that Jin Fusheng came over with a smile on his face.
“Ancient, have you encountered difficulties?”
Jin Fusheng opened his mouth and asked.
“My granddaughter is sick, so she needs to return immediately, I wonder if Boss Jin has a return boat in hand, the price is negotiable.”
Gu Wentian said to Jin Fusheng.
Because Gu Wentian had bought so many antiques at the auction, Jin Fusheng knew Gu Wentian.
Jin Fusheng took a look at Gu Ling’er, then nodded and said, “I’ll have the cruise ship return immediately, it’s a big ship and goes fast, so don’t delay the medical treatment for your eldest niece!”
Jin Fusheng was so enthusiastic and generous that he let the cruise ship sail back and sent Chen Ping back!
When Gu Mantian heard this, he said with a grateful face, “Boss Jin, thank you so much!”
“This is all a small matter, you guys get on board, I’ll have them set off right away ……”
Jin Fusheng let Gu Wentian and the others get on board, while he went to tell the captain’s room to sail back directly.
The luxurious cruise ship returned to sail, and Chen Ping looked at the unconscious Gu Ling’er with a gloomy face!
With his medical skills, coupled with the supreme elixir skills pa*sed down by the Pill God Valley Master, what kind of difficult and complicated illnesses could he not treat?
But Chen Ping could not find out what kind of poison Gu Ling’er was suffering from!
During the two days of the return voyage, several people were in a rather low mood.
At this moment, in a luxurious private room in the ship’s cabin, Jin Fusheng was holding a beautiful woman in his arms, holding a gla*s of red wine, so relaxed!
At this moment, a middle-aged man in a suit walked in.
“Have all the arrangements been made?”
Jin Fusheng asked to the middle-aged man.
“Boss, it’s all arranged, they have already boarded the ship and departed, they will meet us in another two hours.”
The man in the suit said respectfully.
“Very good, find some more good hands, among these few guys, there might be experts, when the time comes, just kill them and throw the bodies directly into the sea, the antiques that were auctioned off, we don’t have to send them out ……”
The corners of Jin Fusheng’s mouth were the same, and his eyes were full of greed!
It turned out that this guy didn’t want to let Gu Wentian take those antiques away, so he had evil intentions and planned to kill all of them on the boat and then throw the bodies into the sea, so that God would not know.
“Boss, don’t worry, I directly invited the Four Masters of South Mountain, all four of them are Martial Sovereigns, and one of them has reached the peak of Martial Sovereignty, and will soon step into the ranks of Great Martial Sovereignty!”
The man in the suit said with great confidence.
“En, not bad, when they arrive, bring them directly to me!”
Jin Fusheng said with a satisfied nod.
“Yes!” The man in the suit retreated!
And that Jin Fusheng drank the wine in his cup in one go!
…………
“Lin Tianhu, how much longer before we can dock?”
Chen Ping had been guarding Gu Ling’er in the room, probing her breath from time to time, now though Gu Ling’er’s vital signs were stable, Chen Ping was still anxious in his heart, he had to dock as soon as possible and then send Gu Ling’er to the Pill God Valley!
Maybe Elder Xu and the others would have a solution, after all, they had been refining pills and practicing medicine for many years, and had seen more diseases and poisons than himself!