Shadowless Villa!
With the help of Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, Zhao Liguo only took a day to completely bring the forces of the Perak Sect and the Xuan Yuan Family under the Shadowless Villa!
“Mr. Chen, Miss Su and Miss Gu are simply too powerful, the strength of their two girl children is now nothing less than mine, so young and with this kind of strength, they are truly heroes among women ……”
Zhao Liguo is considered to have seen the strength of the two people, a blowing up!
This was a bit embarra*sing to Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er.
“When you guys were incorporating the Perak Sect and Xuan Yuan Family forces, did you encounter any people from the Martial Alliance to stop you?”
Chen Ping asked.
“No, there was no movement at all, not to mention the Martial Dao Alliance, even the other clans and families, no one moved, it was really strange, to know that these clans and families all have noses better than dogs, after knowing about this, they would definitely intervene and reap some benefits.”
Zhao Liguo said somewhat strangely.
Chen Ping fell into deep thought, such a big move, the Martial Alliance could not possibly not know about it, whether it was Zhu Zhishan or Guo Wei, surprisingly no one had stopped it, it looked like they didn’t put themselves in their eyes at all.
This was good, the more the other party underestimated him, the better it would be for him, so Chen Ping would be able to have more time to cultivate and increase his strength.
“I’m going to be in seclusion for the last few days, don’t disturb me if there are no pressing matters, wait until Pavilion Master Zhao has contacted the media reporters before waking me up ……”
Chen Ping intended to take advantage of the fact that it was still quite calm and quiet to make the most of his time to cultivate.
With the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, Chen Ping finally did not have to worry about the depleted spiritual qi, but he just did not know if the spiritual qi within this Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map was inexhaustible and inexhaustible.
“I know!”
Zhao Liguo nodded his head.
“Yuqi, Ling’er, you two should cultivate with me!”
Chen Ping said as he looked towards Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er.
“You go first, I’m going to follow Ling’er to go shopping on the street and buy some things ……”
Su Yuqi said.
“Go shopping for what? It’s already dark!”
Chen Ping asked.
“We’re going to buy things for women, we’ll be back soon, you go and cultivate first!”
Su Yuqi said, pulling Gu Ling’er with her and leaving the Shadowless Villa!
Looking at Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er who left, Chen Ping always had an unsettling feeling in his heart.
“Hall Master, Miss Su and Miss Gu’s strength, ordinary people are afraid that it will be difficult to even get close to them, you don’t need to worry ……”
Zhao Liguo could see the worry on Chen Ping’s face, so he said in a small voice.
When Chen Ping thought about it, he was right, with Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er’s strength, even if they encountered a seventh grade Martial Arts expert, they would be able to handle it easily.
Chen Ping asked Zhao Liguo to find a secluded room, took out the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map from his storage ring and unfolded it, a divine sense instantly entered the map, while Chen Ping also entered into cultivation!
On the other hand, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were walking hand in hand along the busy streets of Kyoto, looking at the beautiful night scenery, the two of them were full of excitement.
Although they had been to Kyoto several times, they had not really had a good stroll through the streets of Kyoto.
“Ling’er, ahead is the pedestrian street, let’s go over and take a stroll ……”
Su Yuqi looked at the crowd in front of her and pulled Gu Ling’er over.
“Yuqi, we’re going back late, Chen Ping won’t be anxious, right?”
Gu Ling’er was afraid that if she was out too long, Chen Ping would be anxious.
“He would have been cultivating by now, where would he be in a hurry, it’s fine!”
Su Yuqi pulled Gu Ling’er along.
This was the busiest pedestrian street in Kyoto, which was filled with a wide range of things, and there were all kinds of snacks on both sides of the street.
Seeing the snacks, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er both lit up.
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er only walked back with hiccups after they had spent more than two hours in the pedestrian street!