“What kind of person dares to trespa*s into my Xuan Yue Valley …………”
Suddenly there was an angry shout, followed by the appearance of three old men, each with an extraordinary aura, not far in front of Chen Ping and the others.
“Big brother …………”
The third elder shouted hastily!
“Old Third? Aren’t you already dead?” The Eldest Elder said with a surprised look on his face!
He had clearly heard that Qian Feng say that Third Elder was already dead, and that the compulsion was also dead, so how could he be appearing in front of him!
“Big brother, I’m not dead, listen to my explanation ……”
The third elder hurriedly and quickly stepped forward!
Chen Ping was afraid that the Third Elder would play some kind of trick, so he hurriedly followed him, only one step away from that Third Elder, as long as that Third Elder dared to make a move, Chen Ping could slap him to death with one palm!
As the distance drew closer, those three elders could also see Chen Ping’s appearance behind the Third Elder!
“Chen Ping …………”
The three elders exploded with battle intent as if they were facing a great enemy!
“Big brother, second brother, fourth brother, don’t make a move yet, let me explain to you …………”
The third elder hurriedly blocked the three, and then explained, “Big brother, I’m not dead at all, it was Mr. Chen who forced the compulsion out of my body, that compulsion died when it saw the sunlight, so the compulsion inside Qian Feng’s clay pot would also die.”
“How is that possible, that compulsion has been in our bodies for years sucking our essence and blood, it has long since become one with our bodies, how could it be forced out?”
The Eldest Elder didn’t believe it at all!
“Big brother, am I not alive and well here, it’s all true, we no longer have to be controlled by that Qian Feng, and Lord Shen Gu’s daughter has also come ……”
The third elder pointed to that Shen Mengchen and said.
The three elders looked at Shen Mengchen, each with a gloomy face, they didn’t know what to do for a while!
“Big brother, how many harmful things have we done to help that Qian Feng in order to stay alive, back then Lord Shen Gu was not too kind to us brothers, now that we can be free from the control of the parasite, why do we still have to sell our lives to that Qian Feng?”
When the Third Elder saw that the Eldest Elder was hesitant to speak, he persuaded with some urgency!
Because he knew that if they really had to fight, they would never be Chen Ping’s opponents, his strength had long since exceeded their imagination!
The Eldest Elder had a hesitant look on his face, in order to stay alive, they had commiserated for so many years, now they had a chance to get rid of the control, but he didn’t dare to gamble, if they lost the gamble, it would be the price of their lives, Qian Feng would not let them go, even if they escaped to the ends of the earth, their little lives were still pinched in Qian Feng’s hands!
“I’ll do it!” When the eldest elder hesitated, the fourth elder took a step forward and looked at Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, if you can really force the compulsion out of my body and not be controlled by that Qian Feng, I can not be your enemy, if you dare to lie to us, then don’t blame us brothers for being unkind to you …… ……”
“Are you threatening me?” Chen Ping asked in a cold voice.
“You can interpret it that way!” The Fourth Elder nodded!
“Do you have any choice but to listen to me? To make an enemy of me, you are also worthy of …………”
Chen Ping fiercely waved his hand, and that Fourth Elder’s body went towards Chen Ping completely unheeded, and was directly squeezed by Chen Ping’s neck!
The sudden change of events caused everyone to be shocked, that Fourth Elder’s eyes were wide open and his entire body was dumbfounded, before he could even react to what was going on, he had become a prisoner!
“Mr. Chen, don’t be angry …………”
The Third Elder was so frightened that he hurriedly spoke out to stop Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, what are you going to do, let my fourth brother go …………”
The First Elder and Second Elder flashed their weapons together and looked at Chen Ping with full vigilance!
Both of their faces were also ugly to the extreme, Chen Ping had struck and they didn’t even have the time to react, the difference in strength between them was self-evident!