Ji Cheng walked back, and Ji Yun wanted to go back to his room, but was stopped by Ji Meiyan, who suddenly scurried out!
“Elder sister, if you’re not sleeping at this late hour, why did you run here?”
Ji Yun asked to Ji Meiyan!
“Sixth brother, let me ask you, just now you asked how that ancestral land can’t be entered by outsiders, is it because you want Mr Chen to go in?”
Ji Meiyan asked!
“Ah ……” Ji Yun was stunned, he didn’t think that Ji Meiyan was eavesdropping on them, but he still shook his head and said “No, I’m just casually asking.”
“Sixth brother, you’re still not being honest with me, is it true that Mr Chen also wants to enter the ancestral land?”
Ji Meiyan questioned Ji Yun.
Seeing this, Ji Yun nodded helplessly “Mr Chen should have this idea, but he didn’t say so, I feel that there is a Masterless Origin within that Ancestral Ground, and Mr Chen happens to have sensed the power of the Origin as well, so he will benefit greatly if he enters the Ancestral Ground.”
“What? He sensed the power of the Origin?”
Ji Meiyan let out a cry of surprise, she did not expect that Chen Ping, who was just a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, would even sense the power of the Origin!
It was simply a genius among geniuses!
At this moment, Ji Meiyan was even more fond of Chen Ping, she couldn’t wait to become Chen Ping’s woman right now!
This kind of genius, that was highly sought after!
“Mr Chen has sensed several types of Origin Power yet, with Mr Chen’s talent, this is nothing.”
Ji Yun said calmly!
However, Ji Meiyan was not calm after hearing this, a Harmonisation Realm junior cultivator, sensing the Origin Force was good enough, but to have sensed several kinds, this was really too perverse!
“I really didn’t expect that his talent is so high ……”
Ji Meiyan’s eyes erupted with fire, her love for Chen Ping was no longer hidden!
Looking at Ji Meiyan that way, Ji Yun hurriedly asked “Big sister, are you in love with Mr Chen?”
Ji Meiyan unexpectedly did not have any pretence, but directly nodded his head and said “good, like him this kind of man, which woman does not like, not only me, your second sister that little niece, but also on Mr. Chen sentimental ……”.
Ji Yun heard, feel a little surprised, really did not think that this just met soon, his big sister and second sister all like on Chen Ping!
However, in the Celestial Realm, this was nothing, it was normal for two sisters to serve a man at the same time!
“Eldest sister, truth be told, in fact, Mr Chen has a lot of women, that Flame Phoenix girl who came with him, is one of Mr Chen’s women.”
“In the Northern Domain, Mr Chen has many more women waiting for him ……”
Ji Yun truthfully said after Ji Meiyan.
“I know, it’s normal for a man as outstanding as him to have many women.”
Ji Meiyan didn’t care at all!
All he cared about was whether or not he could become Chen Ping’s woman!
When Ji Yun saw this, he was also helpless, after all, in this Celestial Realm, strength was honoured, Chen Ping was so young and had strength that exceeded the norm, how could he not let a girl like him!
“Alright, you go to sleep, what I came here for, don’t tell anyone!”
Ji Meiyan finished speaking, her figure was hidden into the darkness!
Ji Yun shook his head helplessly and then went to sleep!
Ji Meiyan did not leave, but after Ji Yun left, she went directly to Chen Ping’s room!
Chen Ping was tangling with the Fire Phoenix inside his room!
The fire phoenix was pestering Chen Ping all night long, and it was fortunate that Chen Ping’s physical strength was different from normal people, or else he would have been dragged down by the fire phoenix a long time ago!
Ji Meiyan came to the door of Chen Ping’s room and listened to the movement inside, her face instantly turned red!
However, Ji Meiyan did not go, but quietly sat at the door and listened to the movements inside!
She knew that it was the sound of Chen Ping and Fire Phoenix, and at the moment, Ji Meiyan was incomparably envious of Fire Phoenix!