This man was Qin Xiaotian’s son Qin Gang, only a few months younger than Qin Feng, the two were born in the same year, except that the two had different fates. Qin Feng was the son of the family head Qin Xiaolin, so his status in the Qin family was quite a bit higher than Qin Gang’s.
Because of this, the Qin family gave Qin Feng a lot of cultivation resources from a young age, so much so that Qin Feng reached the realm of Zong Shi at a young age, while this Qin Gang was a playboy and was not jealous of Qin Feng’s cultivation, he himself would only spend money on girls and had not even touched the door of a martial artist by now.
Qin Xiaotian simply hated this indisputable son of his, and could not wait to kill him outright ……
“Shut up, you don’t know sh*t ……”
Qin Xiaotian shouted angrily at Qin Gang.
Seeing that his father was angry, Qin Gang dropped the chopsticks in his hand, “No more, I’m going out ……”
Qin Gang got up and left, presumably to play in the bar again!
“Rebel son, beast, if not for the fact that you are my own son, I really want to slap you to death ……”
Qin Xiaotian shouted, but that Qin Gang just seemed to not hear.
Qin Gang walked back, Qin Xiaotian looked at the table of dishes in front of him, no appetite at all, fiercely slapped down, the whole table directly became shattered, this can be a side of the subordinates to scare enough.
At that moment, the steward of the Qin family hurriedly came in, and after seeing the wreckage on the floor, he waved his hand, and the subordinates hurriedly cleaned it up.
“Third Master, I have made a clear enquiry, that Chen Ping has indeed cured Leader Chang’s son, and now that Leader Chang is also treating this Chen Ping with respect ……”
The butler reported to Qin Xiaotian.
When Qin Xiaotian heard this, his face became more and more ugly: “D*mn, this kid really has some tricks up his sleeve, he has even befriended Chang Yuanjun, it seems that in Kyoto, it is not good for us to make a move against him, we can only wait for big brother to come out and make plans ……”
“Third master, this time I have also pried out one other piece of news ……”
After the butler finished speaking, he came up to Qin Xiaotian’s ear and muttered in a low voice.
Qin Xiaotian’s face changed and changed, and finally his face showed surprise as he said, “Is what you say true?”
“It’s true, I got this from the mouths of the servants in the house of the permanent leader.”
The butler nodded with certainty.
“Hahahaha, great, this way, we can use the knife to kill someone!” Qin Xiaotian leaned back and laughed out loud, “You immediately go and contact the people from the Miao Village, I want to meet with them ……”
“Good!” The butler nodded and left.
At this moment, Qin Xiaotian was in a good mood, his eyes flashed with a fine aura: “Chen Ping, Chen Ping, it’s not good for you to offend anyone, but to offend the people from the Miao Village, now I’ll see if you can still leave Kyoto alive ……”
…………
On the other hand, Chen Ping was walking on the busy streets of Kyoto, the streets were full of traffic, Chen Ping was walking on the pavement, surveying the beautiful lights on both sides.
But just as Chen Ping was slowly walking forward, he suddenly felt a burst of divine sense behind him probing towards him if anything.
Chen Ping’s face changed, and his heart began to beat faster.
There would be no one other than an immortal cultivator who could probe with divine sense.
Chen Ping had only developed divine sense after he had entered the Purgatory stage, but Chen Ping’s divine sense was still a little weak. If Chen Ping had not developed divine sense, I was afraid that he would not have been able to detect that someone was probing him.
Chen Ping did not dare to say anything, nor did he dare to make any extra movements, he could only pretend that he knew nothing and kept walking forward.
At this moment, Chen Ping was both excited and nervous, for this was the first time he had encountered an immortal cultivator other than the old leader, but he did not know whether the other party was an enemy or a friend, and why he was probing himself.