In recent times, herbs that were over a hundred years old were almost all scavenged by the Pill King’s House, and very little of them flowed into Yuncheng anymore, so He Zhigang’s Renhe Hall simply could not receive herbs that were over a hundred years old, and did not send them to Chen Ping.
However, He Zhigang would pay the profits from the sale of Xiao Yang Dan into Chen Ping’s bank card on time, after all, only Chen Ping could provide Xiao Yang Dan.
Chen Ping had not been in touch with He Zhigang for some time, so he wondered why this He Zhigang would suddenly call him.
Chen Ping picked up the phone and immediately He Zhigang’s voice came from the other end of the line.
“Brother Chen Ping, do you still remember me? You haven’t forgotten about me, have you?”
He Zhigang asked.
“How could I forget Brother He, every day my bank card is credited with a lot of money, it’s all because of Brother He ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly and said, “Brother He suddenly called me, is there something wrong?”
“Brother Chen Ping, I have good news for you, you will definitely be excited when you hear it …………”
He Zhigang said with some excitement.
“Brother He, I’m very busy, if there’s anything, just tell me straight ……”
Chen Ping was a little unhappy with this kind of selling of He Zhigang.
He Zhigang also heard that Chen Ping was somewhat unhappy and hurriedly said, “I got a news that a 10,000 year old ginseng king has come out in the Northeast …………”
“What?” When Chen Ping heard this, he stood up from the sofa with a scuffle.
Ten thousand year old ginseng king, this was something that could not be found, if he could obtain this ten thousand year old ginseng king, then his realm would definitely be able to improve.
Right now, Chen Ping was worried about not having enough cultivation resources, but to his surprise, a 10,000 year old ginseng king popped up.
“Brother He, is the news accurate? You can be boxed me ……”
Chen Ping asked with some disbelief.
“Brother Chen Ping, how dare I frame you, you still remember Zhou Zhiqian Zhou Lao of Renhe Hall, right?”
He Zhigang asked.
“Mm!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
“This news is what Zhou Lao told me, his old family is from the northeast, he came to Yuncheng in the early years just to break in, now their old family has a 10,000 year old ginseng king, after knowing that Zhou Lao is in the medicinal herbs, his old family let him put out the news, trying to find a suitable buyer …… ”
He Zhigang followed Chen Ping as he explained.
Chen Ping remembered that when He Zhigang said that Zhou Zhiqian was not a local of Yuncheng, he did not expect it to be from the northeast.
“Brother He, wait for me, I’ll go to Yuncheng right now, then we’ll go meet Zhou Zhiqian ……”
After Chen Ping said that and hung up the phone, he immediately changed his clothes and set off.
“Chen Ping, what are you doing there? The rice will be cooked soon!”
Su Yuqi asked hurriedly when she saw Chen Ping changing his clothes to leave.
“I’m not eating, I have to go out on some urgent business, I feel like I’ll be back only after two days ……”
Chen Ping said as he walked out the door.
“What are you doing going? What about the challenge in three days?”
Su Yuqi asked, puzzled.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be back in time!”
Chen Ping said and walked out, it was because of the challenge in three days that he was in such a hurry, if he could obtain that 10,000 year old ginseng king within those few days, then his strength could be raised by a large margin, and then he might not have to fear that Qin Xiaolin.
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping walking out, Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix hurriedly came forward.
“Lin Tianhu, you go and drive, we’ll make a trip to Yuncheng immediately ……”
Chen Ping said to Lin Tianhu.
Seeing that Chen Ping looked in a hurry, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng didn’t dare to ask anyone.
Soon, Lin Tianhu brought the car and the three of them headed straight to Yuncheng.
On the road, with Chen Ping urging him on, Lin Tianhu drove the car as fast as he could and arrived at Yuncheng in just over an hour.
After seeing He Zhigang, Chen Ping immediately said, “Brother He, let’s go see Zhou Zhiqian now ……”