“I didn’t do anything ah, I just let the two of us fuse our bloodlines a bit, so that my bloodline can become a bit stronger, and cultivation will be twice as effective.”
“But you kid don’t think I took advantage of you, I’m innocent, no man has ever touched me, and your breath was extremely weak at the time, in no one cared about you, you would have died.”
“I saved you now and took advantage of your bloodline, so the two of us are kind of even, but I’m quite lucky to have followed the son of the Dragon Clan’s union on my first try.”
After Bai Shao finished speaking, she removed the barrier with a wave of her hand!
Luo Xi was still outside anxiously not knowing what to do, when she saw the barrier removed, she hurriedly rushed in!
She had already prepared herself mentally, if Chen Ping was sucked into a human stem by that Bai Shallow, then she wouldn’t live anymore and would follow that Bai Shallow and fight for her life!
But Luo Xi just rushed in and was directly dumbfounded as she saw Chen Ping standing in front of her alive and well!
“Mr Chen, you …… are awake?”
Luo Xi said with a face full of surprise!
“Miss Luo, I’m fine, why are you here?” Chen Ping said with a face full of doubt!
“Mr Chen, you passed out, it was me who brought you here.”
Luo Xi said!
“You brought me here?” Chen Ping froze and pointed at Bai Shao “What about her?”
“She was just passing by and ran into it.”
Luo Xi explained!
Only then did Chen Ping understand that it was Luo Xi who had saved himself, and then ran into this Bai Shallow, allowing this guy to take advantage of him!
“Now you’re awake, and it’s okay, we two don’t owe each other, I’m leaving ……”
After saying this, Bai Shallow left without looking back!
Just like the scum, play and leave ……
Luo Xi looked at Chen Ping with a dumbfounded look on her face and asked “Mr Chen, do you know this Fox Emperor woman?”
“Don’t know ……”
Chen Ping shook his head!
r> “Since you don’t know her, why did she say that you two don’t owe each other? What’s going on?”
Luo Xi was baffled, how could she not possibly think of what the two had done within this hour or so!
After all, the two people were strangers to each other, and in the eyes of a little girl like Luo Xi, she would never think of this!
“Don’t you ask, let’s follow her now ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly chased out!
Luo Xi was puzzled as to why Chen Ping was chasing after that Fox Imperial Girl, but Luo Xi still followed!
In this God and Demon Battlefield, if Luo Xi did not follow Chen Ping, she was afraid that she would be in danger!
Bai Shao hadn’t gone far before Chen Ping caught up!
When Bai Shao saw Chen Ping catching up, she asked with a slight sense of humour, “What? You rushed yourself to a loss and want to do it again?”
“You took advantage of me while I was unconscious, you can’t just pat your arse and walk away.”
“I’m going to follow you, how can I say that the two of us have a special relationship now, not to mention that you can have a part of me in your bloodline!”
Chen Ping unexpectedly took out a kind of little man’s appearance, insisting on following Bai Shao and making Bai Shao responsible!
Looking at Chen Ping’s appearance, Bai Shallow laughed out loud and said “Haha, what do you think in your heart, think that I don’t know? You have exhausted your qi and blood, you are unconscious, you must have met a strong enemy, now you are relying on me, do you want me to protect you?”
Seeing that he had been seen through by Bai Shallow, Chen Ping immediately looked a little embarrassed!
“You don’t have to be embarrassed, I can protect you, but there is one condition.” Bai Shallow said!
“What condition?”
Chen Ping asked!
“During this period of time in the Divine Demon Battlefield, I can protect you, but you must sleep with me every day, I want to make my bloodline stronger and stronger.”
“If I can be lucky enough to conceive a child and give birth to a son of the dragon, it will be worth it for me.”
“I love children the most ……”
Bai Shan said the conditions over and over again!