Only to see a woman dressed in white, as if she were a fairy, fly out from within the great hall amidst the wind and snow that filled the sky!
The surrounding cold aura instantly surrounded the woman, and even those cold auras manipulated by Elder Mu were instantly attracted away!
“Greetings, Lord Palace Master ……”
Seeing this scene, Lan Yingying was the first to kneel on the ground, followed by the many disciples of the Broad Cold Palace who all knelt down as well!
“This is both the Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace? It’s so beautiful.”
“It’s an eye-opening experience today, to see the Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace.”
“What a terrifying aura, this Broad Cold Palace Palace Master is afraid that she has already reached the Mahayana realm, right?”
One by one, the many cultivators looked at the woman who appeared in shock!
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master, on the other hand, gently waved his sleeves, and immediately the wind and snow rolled back as if giant waves were roaring, and the snowflakes drifting in the sky and earth instantly disappeared!
“Elder Mu, you casually made a move in Guanghan Palace, do you know that this is breaking the rules of our Guanghan Palace, if this matter spreads out, who would still dare to come to our Guanghan Palace?”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace looked at Elder Mu with an icy face and asked!
Elder Mu’s face was full of displeasure, and he didn’t kneel down for the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace, it could be seen that this Elder Mu didn’t have any particular respect for the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace!
“Palace Lord, this guy killed my nephew in front of me, if I don’t kill him today, how can I stand up to my dead nephew?”
Elder Mu gritted his teeth and said!
“Elder Mu, if he killed your nephew, he has his own people from the Mu Family to ask for a word, although you are also a member of the Mu Family, you are now an Elder of my Broad Cold Palace, and must abide by the rules of the Broad Cold Palace!”
The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace said coldly!
Elder Mu’s eyes stared slightly “What about the fact that I must kill him today?”
Elder Mu, who was at the peak of the Transitional Succession Realm, actually provoked the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace, who was at the Mahayana Realm, in public!
This scene instantly left many people puzzled!
Elders calling out after a Palace Lord!
Is this taking the wrong medication?
Chen Ping was also very surprised and shocked as he looked at what was happening in front of him!
“With me here, you can’t kill him ……”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master gently waved his palm, and instantly a transparent ice spirit blocked in front of Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Elder Mu gritted his teeth “Palace Master, do you want to completely break with my Mu Family for an irrelevant kid?”
“I’m just upholding the rules of Guanghan Palace, do you have to kill someone in Guanghan Palace? Don’t forget your status as an elder of the Guanghan Palace.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said in a cold voice!
“Good, then I will wait for him to leave the Broad Cold Palace before I break him into pieces, at the same time, I will also notify the Mu Family of everything that has happened here, my nephew is dead, this matter will not be forgotten just like that!”
After Elder Mu finished speaking, he glared viciously at Chen Ping and whisked his sleeves away!
Knowing that even now, Elder Mu did not reveal Chen Ping’s true identity, because he did not want to let others steal the show, she wanted to make the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, all fall into the hands of the Mu Family!
“Ying Ying, you lead the people to clean up this place, then let the cultivators go and rest, now they can pick the female cultivator of their choice.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said to Lan Yingying!
“As you wish!”
Lan Yingying nodded and then left with the many cultivators!
Chen Ping saw this, but did not leave, while Lan Yingying frowned slightly and said “You’re still not leaving, what are you staying for?”
Blue Yingying asked in a low voice to Chen Ping!
“I am here to find your Palace Master, not to find some female cultivator, of course I can’t leave.”
Chen Ping said!
“Don’t you give an inch, our Palace Master, she ……”
“Ying Ying, let him stay and take the others away!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace spoke!
When Lan Yingying heard this, she was a bit surprised, because their Guanghan Palace Palace Master did not like men, and the rules of the inner gate of Guanghan Palace was that all disciples were not allowed to find a Dao couple!
Broad Cold Palace Palace Master even set an example, simply will not follow the male cultivator close!
But today, the Palace Master took the initiative to let Chen Ping stay, which made Blue Yingying very surprised!
However, Blue Yingying didn’t dare to ask more questions and could only leave with the many cultivators!