“Second Prince, why would this Master Limitless fight so hard for you?”
Chen Ping asked Xiao Jian in confusion!
After all, these people of the Heavenly Realm could be very arrogant and simply looked down on these cultivators of the Celestial Realm!
“I don’t know, I also came across Master Limitless by chance, he said that I possessed wisdom roots and was the reincarnation of Buddha, so he has been following me around.”
Xiao Jian said truthfully!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was speechless, could this kind of Buddha reincarnation still really exist?
Wasn’t this a trick to deceive people?
“Kid, you don’t understand, these Buddhist Land’s Ancestors do need to be reincarnated for cultivation, one reincarnation means a thousand years of cultivation, and reincarnation cultivation does not distinguish between worlds.”
“Among the thousands of worlds in this cosmic stars and rivers, they will randomly reincarnate in any world, so these Buddhist disciples will search for the reincarnation of the Buddha Ancestors among the thousands of worlds.”
“Each time they found one, they would fight to the death to protect it until the reincarnated body possessed the memories of its previous life ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch narrated after Chen Ping!
As Chen Ping listened, he could not help but feel a rush of scalp numbness, this Buddhist cultivation was also too tiring!
No wonder that Master Limitless wasn’t running even though he was almost killed, and now he was even burning his essence blood and resisting to the death!
The Tenth Highness looked at that appearance of Master Limitless and grinned, then slapped his hand fiercely towards Master Limitless’ head!
Master Limitless did not move a muscle, his hands were folded and he was as immovable as a mountain!
Slap!
A slap, ruthlessly smacked on Master Limitless’s head, Master Limitless’s body violently trembled, countless Buddha lights shook out from his body!
Grandmaster Limitless was viciously slapped by that Ten Highnesses!
Although Master Limitless carried it off, the image was a bit awkward to watch!
It was like a teenage child smacking an aged old man with his palm, how it looked was awkward!
Master Limitless’ face was reddened and he didn’t move a muscle!
The Tenth Highness, however, smiled faintly, “That’s funny ……”
Slap!
Another slap came down, this time it was still on Master Limitless’ bare head!
This time, Master Limitless was directly jerked away, and countless Buddha lights within his entire body shook out, spreading like ripples a hundred miles away in an instant!
At this moment, Master Limitless had his hands clasped together, and other than a somewhat angry expression on his face, he was motionless!
Even after being jerked away, he still maintained the appearance of devout pilgrimage after landing!
“Hahahaha, the old bald donkey is really funny ……”
The Ten Highnesses laughed out loud, then his body instantly disappeared, followed by reappearing in front of Master Limitless!
Everyone was able to see out that this Tenth Highness was just teasing Master Limitless!
He was fully capable of taking Master Limitless’ life with a slap, yet he was not killing Master Limitless!
Perhaps in the entire Xiao Dynasty, at this moment, only Master Limitless was able to play with him for a while!
Seeing the Tenth Highness appear in front of his eyes, Master Limitless wanted to open his mouth and curse!
If he couldn’t beat him, it was fine to curse him out!
But he couldn’t, right now he couldn’t break the breath in his body, so he could only endure it!
Pah-pah-pah!
Ten Highnesses smacked one after another towards Master Limitless’ bald head!
Every time Master Limitless was smacked, he couldn’t help but take a step back, and every time he took a step back, a Buddha’s light would vibrate out from within his body!
When a dozen or so slaps were received, blood began to emerge from Master Limitless’ head, and the Buddha’s light dimmed!
“You bald donkey, you only received a dozen or so slaps, you can’t carry it off so quickly?”
The Tenth Highness mocked at Master Limitless!
The golden light on Master Immeasurable’s body dispersed, blood bubbled from the top of his head, and he looked viciously at the Ten Highnesses in front of him!
“Little than brat, if my old line hadn’t been trapped for thousands of years and had lost most of my strength, I would have to peel your skin and whip your tendons.”
Master Limitless cursed angrily towards the Tenth Highness.
If you can’t fight, it hurts to curse a few words ……