The crowd was actually speechless for a moment as they listened to Master Limitless’s rage!
It seems that the problem of bragging is present in everyone ah!
“Old bald donkey, your strength is not good, but your mouth is quite tough!”
The Tenth Highness smiled faintly, and then slapped him!
This slap directly sent Master Limitless flying, and then fell heavily in front of the crowd!
Master Limitless spat out a mouthful of blood and looked towards Fei Wenqiang, “Prime Minister Fei, do you have any experts from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to come out and fend them off for a bit, so I can catch my breath and rest for a bit.”
“This …………”
Yu Wenqiang was filled with embarrassment for a moment, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty did have experts, but those experts were not something he could deploy!
“Prime Minister Yu, I have heard from my father that underneath the imperial city of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty, but ……”
Xiao Feng looked towards Yu Wenqiang and was about to say something!
Fei Wenqiang, however, hurriedly opened his mouth to stop him, “Your Imperial Son, don’t talk too much, those are the foundations of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty!”
“Prime Minister Yu, now that the Xiao Dynasty is all but finished, do you still want to have reservations?”
“If that’s the case, my old line will take the second prince and leave, I don’t care about you guys, I’m protecting the second prince, not your Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
Master Limitless was a little angry!
He had started burning his essence blood and his entire being was about to be killed, but he didn’t think that Prime Minister Fei would still have reservations about them!
“Don’t be angry, Master Limitless, there are some things that we simply can’t call the shots, only Emperor Xiao can call the shots.”
Yu Wenqiang hurriedly explained!
This if Master Limitless left, it would be even more impossible to stop that 10th Highness with just these people!
“Where is your Emperor Xiao? Why hasn’t he appeared even at this hour?”
Master Limitless asked!
Everyone looked at each other in dismay as they also did not know where Xiao Yuan Shan had gone at this time!
“Emperor Xiao, I’ll handle my own matters, after all, this Demon Sealing Alliance is rushing towards me.”
Chen Ping slowly got up and said!
At this moment, Chen Ping was very weak, but he was barely able to support his body.
“Mr Chen, nowadays, it is no longer a matter of you following the Demon Sealing Alliance, it is a matter of our Xiao Imperial Dynasty following the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Even if we push you out, the person in front of us will not let our Xiao Imperial Dynasty go.”
“Don’t worry, Mr Chen, my Xiao Imperial Dynasty will not be destroyed that easily.”
Xiao Feng’s eyes flashed with determination as he finished speaking.
Only to see him pull out a palm-sized square seal from his pocket, on which was engraved the character Xiao, while on both sides of the character, there were several obscure characters carved, which Chen Ping did not recognise at all!
Seeing Xiao Feng pulling out the square seal in his hand, Yu Wenqiang was a little alarmed, “Imperial Prince, what are you doing?”
“Prime Minister Yu, I have to get through a calamity in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty today, this should be a test given by Father Emperor!”
After Xiao Feng finished speaking, a red light unexpectedly began to flicker in his palm, followed by the appearance of a thread of blood, which began to spread across the square seal!
“Prime Minister Yu, what is big brother doing?”
Xiao Jian asked curiously when he saw this!
Prime Minister Yu sighed lightly and said, “Ai, the eldest prince is using the power of his bloodline again to summon the forefathers of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty ……”
Hearing Fei Wenqiang’s words, Master Limitless suddenly brightened up and said, “I almost forgot, the second prince is the reincarnation of Buddha, there is also a Buddha bloodline in his body, so he can also use it!”
After saying that, Grandmaster Immeasurable also pulled out a Buddha seal from his pocket, then looked at Xiao Jian and said, “Second Prince, borrow your blood for a use!”
“Master Immeasurable, am I really the reincarnation of some Buddha?”Xiao Jian asked half-heartedly!
He didn’t believe it at all, how could he be the reincarnation of a Buddha?
“Second Prince, don’t ask too many questions, lend me your fresh blood!”
Master Limitless urged!
Seeing this, Xiao Jian could only point his fingertip and a drop of blood fell on top of that Buddha seal!
Buzz!
Along with the drop of Xiao Jian’s blood, the square seal emitted a violent tremor and soon a golden shadow flew out from within that Buddha seal, the shadow had its hands clasped together, its snow white beard and eyebrows, and it was wearing a wide monk’s robe, with an air of immortalism!