Inside the palace!
Du Ziteng was resting, but the Grand Elder came running in in a panic!
“King Du, it’s not good, someone has reported that the Crown Prince has been taken away ……”
The Eldest Elder said anxiously.
Du Ziteng’s body, which had been lying down, instantly stood up.
“What kind of person? What kind of person dares to capture my son?”
Du Ziteng asked with an angry face.
“I heard that they are a few outsiders who have just come to our Penglai Island not long ago.”
The Eldest Elder said
“Quickly, gather my men, even in Penglai Island, you dare to touch my son, you are really tired of living.”
Du Ziteng was filled with a murderous aura.
He knew that the Du family had absolute authority on Penglai Island, who would dare to touch the Du family’s people?
Soon, Du Ziteng gathered hundreds of people and headed towards the outside of the palace in great numbers.
At that moment, Du Nan also brought Chen Ping and the others to the palace.
A few people were talking and laughing, obviously getting familiar with each other!
“This is my home now ……”
Du Nan counted as he pointed to the palace in front of him.
“Holy sh*t, it’s so grand ……”
Zhao Beng saw it and couldn’t help but sigh!
Originally, he thought that his family’s Shadowless Villa was quite awesome, but when he saw this palace of others, his own family’s mansion, it followed the same trash.
He could only see that the palace had been built with extremely special techniques and was obviously many years old.
Every piece of masonry used to build the palace looked as if it had been polished by hand.
Chen Ping’s divine sense radiated out and instantly covered the walls of the palace, he wanted to see if such a magnificent palace was protected by formations!
But after probing for half a day, the palace was unresponsive, which meant that it was not protected by a formation, which made Chen Ping feel a little strange.
In this immortal cultivation world on Penglai Island, such an important place should, by all rights, have a defensive formation laid down.
“Du Nan, this palace of your family, how many years has it been built?”
Chen Ping asked to Du Nan.
Du Nan shook his head, “I don’t know, I heard my father say that our Du family had this palace as soon as they came to Penglai Island.”
“It wasn’t built by your family?”
Zhao Barging asked in surprise at the side.
Du Nan shook his head, “No, according to the family tree, it’s only been four hundred years since our Du family came to Penglai Island.”
“This palace has existed for more than a thousand years, how could it have been built by our family!”
“Well, let’s go in and take a look ……,” Chen Ping took the lead and walked towards the palace.
Since the Du family wasn’t the original owner of this place, there must be a lot of secrets hidden here.
When Chen Ping had just taken two steps forward, they saw hundreds of people coming out of the palace, each wearing armor and very powerful!
One of the leaders was even covered in gold armour, with a spear in his hand in a mighty manner!
“Why did my father come out?”
Du Nan could not help but mutter when he saw the man in the forefront covered in gold armour!
Before Du Nan could say anything, Du Ziteng had already arrived in front of Chen Ping and the others in a fury.
“How dare you dare to capture my son, bold madman, let my son go or else you will die without a burial place.”
Du Ziteng roared angrily, the aura on his body exploding out in an unconcealed manner.
And the Grand Elder beside Du Ziteng, upon seeing Chen Pingzhi, his face instantly changed, “It’s you guys?”
“You know them?” Du Ziteng asked as he turned to the Grand Elder.
“King Du, this is the guy I told you about, the one who has already reached the YuanYing realm at a young age.”
The Grand Elder said as he pointed at Chen Ping.
Hearing the Grand Elder say so, Du Ziteng’s face instantly became unsightly!
The other party was at the YuanYing realm, while he was only at the peak of Jindan, so he was no match at all.
“Dad, you’re mistaken, they didn’t arrest me, I’m not fine, it’s all just a misunderstanding, let’s talk about it after we get inside.”
Du Nan hurriedly stepped forward and explained to Du Ziteng.