“No wonder you dare to barge into the Martial Alliance alone, so you have some skills.”
The boss looked at Chen Ping and said grimly.
“Cut the f*cking crap, today I will remove the evil for the people and abolish you four evil cultivators ……”
Chen Ping bellowed angrily.
“Hmph, you think too highly of yourself!”
The boss snorted coldly.
“Paralyzed, this kid is so powerful that he almost didn’t kill me ……”
The oldest moved his arm and had recovered as before.
“It looks like the guy has only just been promoted to Martial Marquis, how come his strength is so high?”
Older three was also full of confusion.
“Nonsense, if this kid’s strength wasn’t high, would Lord Zhu have asked the four of us to fight, now let’s fight together to kill this guy, or use it as a stepping stone.”
“It won’t take long, the entire Kyoto martial arts world will be ours ……”
After the boss finished speaking, he took a step forward!
The other few people followed suit and took a step forward, their auras exploding out continuously.
Chen Ping faced the four Evil Cultivator Martial Martial Marauders without the slightest bit of panic or retreat, a blazing fire burning in his eyes, his body filled with battle intent.
“Evil Cultivators be D*mned ……”
Chen Ping said, and his entire body was like a cannonball as he blasted out with a fist.
He was going to strike first, although these four guys could repair their injuries, but Chen Ping had also discovered that these four guys needed to work together to repair their injuries, and they weren’t particularly fast!
As long as he was quick enough to strike and was able to crush these four guys quickly, they would not be able to cooperate with each other to repair.
With this swing of Chen Ping’s fist, the power of the divine dragon instantly transformed into a golden dragon and let out a dragon whistle as it charged towards the four guys.
The terrifying spiritual power caused the four guys’ faces to change instantly.
Seeing the roaring golden dragon, the four guys did not dare to be slow and swung out a fist, which then combined together and turned into a transparent shield, blocking the four guys.
They wanted to block Chen Ping’s attack, not to mention that this was a shield made by the four of them, and they did not believe that Chen Ping could break it with just one punch!
But the truth was that they had overestimated themselves. At this moment, Chen Ping was full of battle spirit and was determined to die, so the power of the divine dragon contained in this punch could shake the stars and make the stars and rivers tremble ……
Boom ……
The shield formed by the four guys joining forces instantly crumbled under Chen Ping’s punch, which lasted for even a second.
Immediately afterwards, a terrifying force came crashing down on them, directly shaking the four guys out.
“This …… punch is also too terrifying ……”
Lao Er said with a panicked look on his face.
“D*mn, this kid is too perverted, at the Martial Marquis realm, he can still fight beyond the level ……”
The boss’s face also became unsightly.
In the Martial Dao world, many people with exceptional talent were able to fight across levels, and the lower the level, the more obvious this talent crossed levels.
But as one’s strength rose, such level-crossing battles would become less and less frequent.
Because as one’s strength rises, the realms get higher and higher, and with each realm of advancement, that is a qualitative change, and it becomes very difficult to fight at many levels beyond!
And now, they were both Martial Marquis, and a martial artist of this level would be able to win at the same level, even if it was not bad.
Chen Ping was now just a newly promoted Martial Marquis, yet he could easily shatter the shields of four of them!
This mismatch and disparity in rank and strength made the Boss feel incredible.
“Big brother, this kid’s strength is too odd, we have to join forces to kill him as soon as possible ……”
Old Third said with a gloomy face.
At this moment, he no longer dared to have contempt for Chen Ping, and even more so, he did not want to let Chen Ping play with him properly ……
“Do it ……”
The boss shouted explosively, followed by a terrifying internal energy that coalesced from his fist.