Chen Ping grabbed Su Yuqi’s hand and a warm stream of water went straight into Su Yuqi’s body along with Chen Ping’s hand!
“What do you …… you want to do? There are too many people here!”
Su Yuqi lowered her head and spoke in a voice like a mosquito, you couldn’t even hear it if you didn’t listen carefully!
“What did you say?” Chen Ping asked.
“I said not to be here, there are too many people, let’s go to the woods!”
Su Yuqi’s head lowered even more and her voice got even smaller.
“Go to the woods for what?” Chen Ping let go of Su Yuqi, “Hurry up and go, you won’t be able to catch up later!”
Su Yuqi froze and looked up at Chen Ping, finding that Chen Ping was looking at him with a bad smile on his face.
“I’ll beat you to death …………”
With a glare, Su Yuqi chased after Chen Ping!
After running two steps, Su Yuqi suddenly found that her body didn’t seem to be that strained anymore, and her legs didn’t hurt anymore, just like the moment she had just climbed the mountain!
“What are you doing? Hurry up and go!”
Chen Ping saw that Su Yuqi was frozen, so he shouted out.
“O.”
Su Yuqi chased towards Chen Ping!
Soon, the two caught up with Gu Wentian and the others, and when they saw Chen Ping and Su Yuqi catching up so quickly, several people were a little surprised.
“Yu Qi, aren’t you too tired to walk?”
Su Wenzong saw Su Yuqi in that state, and it didn’t look like she was very tired.
“I don’t know what’s going on, anyway, I’m not tired this moment, I feel very relaxed.”
Su Yuqi also said with a face full of doubts.
Just as Su Yuqi finished speaking, everyone put their eyes on Chen Ping, they were able to guess that it must be Chen Ping’s reason.
“Let’s hurry up and go, it’s going to be dark in a while.”
Chen Ping said and quickened his pace!
About an hour later, a few people finally reached the top of the mountain, and at that moment it was all full of people, so many people that the Taoist temple was already closed, and everyone was waiting outside the temple!
Chen Ping and the others tried hard to squeeze their way to the front, and two Daoist boys were guarding the entrance of the Taoist temple to prevent people from entering!
“Stop squeezing, the Daoist Temple is not allowed to enter today!”
A Taoist boy stopped Chen Ping and the others and said.
“This little master, I am a friend of your Daoist Master Bu Xu, please report that Hong Cheng Gu Wentian is here!”
Gu Wentian said as he followed the young Daoist boy with a smile on his face.
“Our master has said that no one who comes can go in there, our senior is treating our little sister, we can’t be disturbed!”
The little Daoist boy waved his hand with an air of condescension!
Gu Wentian didn’t seem to be angry, he took out some money from his pocket and secretly slipped it into the little Daoist boy’s hand, “Little Master, I’m also bringing someone over to see your little sister, your master knows about it, you just need to inform him!”
The little Daoist boy looked at the money in his hand, his face instantly filled with a smile and put the money into his pocket, “So it’s Master’s friend, you guys wait here first, I’ll go report it right away!”
The young Taoist boy ran into the Daoist temple, and Gu Wentian smiled helplessly, there is a saying that the King of Hell is good to be messed with, but the little kids are hard to deal with, that’s how it is now.
“Such a Daoist temple, even if you cultivate for a hundred years, you can’t cultivate the merit to cure his daughter!”
Chen Ping laughed coldly!
Several people had helplessness on their faces, there was no way out, this was how society was now, it had all become very utilitarian, whether it was a Daoist temple, a temple, which was not to make money, instead of being a Daoist temple, it was more like a tourist attraction.
Soon, the young Daoist boy ran out and said respectfully to Gu Wentian, “Sir, our master is letting you in!”
Gu Wentian nodded and led Chen Ping and the others into the Daoist temple!
Inside the Daoist temple, smoke was lingering, and many incense sticks filled the air; these incense sticks were all bought by tourists with money and then lit and inserted to pray for blessings and wealth.