Xiao Da looked at Chen Ping in confusion, “Mr. Chen, what do you want to do?”
“I want to borrow him to help myself break through ……”
Chen Ping said truthfully.
Chen Ping wanted to use Fei Qingping’s strength to help himself break through to Martial Marquis.
He had to know that Fei Qingping was a Martial Marquis, so if he could absorb Fei Qingping’s strength, he might be able to break through.
Xiao Da was a little confused as to what Chen Ping meant, but he still nodded his head.
Fei Qingping, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, what do you want to do to me?”
Fei Qingping’s face was tinged with fear!
“Of course it’s to suck your strength ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he reached out and pressed his hand on top of Fei Qingping’s head!
Immediately afterwards, Fei Qingping’s entire body began to become distorted, and the strength within his body was continuously sucked into Chen Ping’s body.
Fei Qingping struggled, but it was of no use at all.
On the side, Xiao Da looked at Chen Ping in shock, he felt a little unbelievable, not understanding how Chen Ping could do such an evil power!
Martial Marquis is Martial Marquis!
It took Chen Ping a full hour to suck up all of Fei Qingping’s strength, and Fei Qingping’s entire body had turned into a dry corpse.
Chen Ping sat down on the ground and began to refine Fei Qingping’s strength continuously.
After a full three hours of running the Heart Concentration Technique to the extreme, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes!
Feeling the Golden Dan inside his body, there was no sign of a breakthrough at all.
“Drawing on the strength of a Martial Marquis, and there was no movement?”
Chen Ping frowned, he felt that this YuanYing stage was too difficult to break through.
“Mr. Chen, you …… you are an evil cultivator?”
Xiao Da looked at Chen Ping with some alarm.
“What do you think?” Chen Ping smiled lightly, “If I were an evil cultivator, do you think I would still be able to leave Kyoto?”
When Xiao Da thought about it, he was right, if Chen Ping was an evil cultivator, not to mention those martial arts families, even the Kyoto officials could not have allowed Chen Ping to run around.
They would have arrested Chen Ping long ago and put him inside a large prison.
“Mr. Chen, I’m sorry, it was my misunderstanding!” Xiao Da apologized after Chen Ping and then said, “Thanks to Mr. Chen today, if that Fei Qingping hadn’t died, our Sacred Beast Palace would have become a target sooner or later ……”
“I should be thanking you for that, if it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have been able to break this Mountain Protecting Formation easily.” Chen Ping knew that if it wasn’t for Xiao Da, he might still be trapped within the formation right now.
Xiao Da smiled, “We are each doing what we need, now that the Sacred Beast Palace has been destroyed and many disciples have escaped, I want to slowly develop the Sacred Beast Palace again.”
“Elder Xiao …… is not correct, I should call you Palace Master Xiao, I hope that after you take charge of the Sacred Beast Palace, you will not go looking for trouble with the Red Lotus Palace, or I will not agree.”
Chen Ping said with a smile on his face.
Although he had a smile on his face, his tone was a threat to Xiao Da.
Chen Ping could not stay at the Red Lotus Palace forever, so he had to let Xiao Da know in advance.
“Don’t worry Mr. Chen, I will send out an announcement that our Sacred Beast Palace and the Red Lotus Palace are in alliance, that way no clan and family in the entire south will dare to hit the Red Lotus Palace!”
Xiao Da understood that they could not fight Chen Ping, and since they knew that they could not fight, they might as well give Chen Ping a face.
“Haha, that would be best!” Chen Ping laughed, “Now that Fei Qingping is dead, it’s time for me to go back.”
After bidding farewell to Xiao Da, Chen Ping returned to the Red Lotus Palace!
Seeing that Chen Ping had been gone for a whole day, Xiao Min and Ji Ru Xue were both curious and asked Chen Ping what Fei Qingping had asked Chen Ping to do at the Sacred Beast Palace.
Chen Ping looked at the two sisters and said with a faint smile, “In the future, the Red Lotus Palace will no longer have to worry about anyone prying, that Fei Qingping has been killed by me, and now that Xiao Da has become the Sacred Beast Palace Master, he has decided to ally with the Red Lotus Palace, that way no one will dare to pry into the Red Lotus Palace.”
Chen Ping’s words caused Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min to all stare.