Ning Zhi stared angrily at Chen Ping’s back, and suddenly his body unexpectedly emitted a sound of bones cracking.
Chen Ping snapped back, only to find Ning Zhi’s body slumped to the ground like a pile of mud, and then immediately reshaped his body and stood up again.
The swelling on Ning Zhi’s face had surprisingly disappeared as he stood up again.
A black glow erupted through Ning Zhi’s body, as if it was shining out from within.
“I want you to die …………”
Ning Zhi shouted angrily, followed by a drop of blood as black as ink actually flying out from where his brow was!
Ning Zhi’s hands choked, and the drop of blood as black as ink suddenly began to burn!
A drop of blood that burst into a blazing fire!
And Ning Zhi’s body was scorching in the midst of this blazing fire.
Every inch of Ning Zhi’s skin began to shrink and immediately turned pitch black, the black skin shimmering with an eerie light under the flames.
As the flames gradually died out, Ning Zhi’s body seemed to be tempered steel.
An eerie cold aura rose up from Ning Zhi’s body.
Looking at the suddenly darkened Ning Zhi, the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, “So you’re still an African hybrid, I really didn’t think your father had this hobby ……”
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Ning Zhi nearly died of anger, glaring angrily at his eyes, “I’m going to rip your mouth off ……”
Ning Zhi rushed towards Chen Ping and slammed a fierce fist into Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not show any weakness either, his body flashed with golden light, then layers of scales began to adhere to his skin.
Clang clang clang …………
The two men attacked each other with the most primitive and purest power.
Each punch made a sound like steel colliding with each other.
Flames shot out in all directions and a thunderbolt continued to explode.
A black figure and a golden figure were seen intertwined in the air, and the terrifying waves of power spread in all directions.
Not a single part of the entire manor was left intact, and only the Demon Suppression Tower was still standing.
Boom ……
Ning Zhi and Chen Ping swung a fist at the same time, Ning Zhi’s fist smashed fiercely into Chen Ping’s chest, a terrifying wave of powerful qi exploded in front of Chen Ping’s chest, as if a cannonball had exploded, the huge impact caused Chen Ping’s body to sway!
At this moment, Chen Ping also smashed his fist on Ning Zhi, and after the same explosion, Ning Zhi’s figure took several steps back.
It seemed that even though Ning Zhi’s techniques were no longer in his body, there was still some gap between him and Chen Ping.
Ning Zhi roared, his eyes filled with battle intent and fury!
In an instant, Ning Zhi’s body turned into streams of light, and with a loud breaking sound, he charged towards Chen Ping.
“It’s really a good opportunity to practice ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared as he also rushed straight up.
Strength could grow with cultivation, but combat skills and control of power required constant fighting to improve.
This time, following Ning Zhi in a battle had made Chen Ping regain a lot of new insights.
Rumble …………
The two men’s bodies clashed continuously, emitting deafening noises.
Chen Ping urged his Holy Light Fist, a golden fist that fell on Ning Zhi’s body like rain.
Likewise, Ning Zhi smashed out his fists, constantly pounding on Chen Ping’s body.
The two went back and forth, it was already a pure confrontation of strength and flesh!
Boom …………
The two figures separated, each slightly panting heavily.
Such exertion was tremendous, Chen Ping had supported himself up to this point with the spiritual energy within his dantian and the power of the divine Dragon, while that Ning Zhi was relying on his magic techniques to support him.
“Is this your last card?”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi with a grim look on his face, “If so, then I won’t be playing with you ……”
Ning Zhi’s expression was Bing, and an ugly expression flashed across his face.
He kept flashing his bottom card, but Chen Ping seemed to be able to deal with them all with ease.
“Hmph, you don’t need to pretend to be relaxed, you are only at the end of your strength now, next I’m going to show you my real bottom card ……”
Ning Zhi said, and suddenly the black light on his body skyrocketed, then the black light slowly detached from Ning Zhi’s body, and Ning Zhi’s skin returned to its original appearance.