“These white-eyed wolves that can’t be fed, I haven’t even died yet, and they’re already thinking about finding their next family.”
Qiu Wanha was so angry that he slammed his palm on the table!
But anger is anger, but things still need to find a way to stop it, if his men all run away and he becomes a bare-knuckle commander, what strength does the entire Qiu House have!
But right now, there was no way for him to go and take back that Immortal Spirit Stone Vein!
“Master, we can go and talk to the Yan Mansion, after all, this is an Immortal Spirit Stone vein, I don’t believe that Yan Shuangying will just stand by and take advantage of Interdiction Daorong.”
“If our two families co-operate, the amount of that Xing Daorong’s more capable, he can’t be a match for our two families!”
The butler said with an idea!
“Not bad, I’ll go and talk to that Yan Shuangying, you go and prepare!”
“Prepare some more gifts, especially that Xiao Cui from my mansion to bring along, that Yan Shuangying has wanted to play for a long time, I haven’t been able to give it!”
Qiu Wanha said to the butler!
The butler nodded and then retreated!
For his part, Qiu Wanha took a few pills to make his injuries better before changing his clothes and then heading straight to the Yan Mansion!
The residences of the three great beast generals were not far away, and it only took ten minutes to feel them!
And at this moment, Yan Shuangying, sitting in the middle of the hall, was leisurely eating fruits!
He was waiting for Qiu Wanha, he knew that Qiu Wanha would definitely come to find himself!
After Qiu Wanha came back from the countryside, Yan Shuangying got the news and the fact that Qiu Wanha had been injured by Chen Ping, a first grade cultivator of the Mahayana realm, was also known to Yan Shuangying!
“Old Yan, I’ve come to have a drink with you ……”
At this moment, Qiu Wanha’s voice came out, and then he took a big step inside the hall!
And behind Qiu Wanha, there was also a little girl like a flower, who had a somewhat frightened expression!
“Old Qiu, why are you free to come to my place, aren’t you busy collecting Immortal Spirit Stones?”
Yan Shuangying asked, pretending not to know anything!
“Some time ago, didn’t you like a little girl in my mansion, I was playing with it during that time, so I didn’t give it to you.”
“I’m not playing now, sent it over to you ……”
Qiu Wanha smiled faintly, then said to the little girl behind him, “Still don’t go serve General Yan, remember to serve General Yan well and comfortably ……”
“Yes!”The little girl bowed slightly before walking towards Yan Shuangying!
Yan Shuangying let out a cold smile, then gently waved his palm!
Boom!
A spiritual force caught the little girl off guard, directly sending the little girl flying and falling to the ground, spitting out blood and dying!
“I don’t want what’s left of your play ……”
Yan Shuangying said with a cold snort!
This kind of underling, in their eyes, a mole cricket was not even as good as an ant, so they casually chopped it up without any psychological burden!
Qiu Wanha also just glanced at it and didn’t have any anger, but instead smiled and said, “Wait for me to find a better one for you before I come to give it to you.”
“Old Qiu, you’re so reasonable today, is there something you’re begging me for?”Yan Shuangying asked in a slightly playful manner!
“Begging you for what? I just have something I want to discuss with you!”
Qiu Wanha would not take the initiative to say that he was begging Yan Shuangying, if that was the case, he knew that with Yan Shuangying’s nature, he would definitely have to shed his skin!
“Oh, discuss what?”
Yan Shuangying asked!
“As you know, right now I have been acquiring Immortal Spirit Stones, except for a portion that was sent to the City Lord’s Mansion, the rest was left behind by me, after all, this thing is not much use to our current realm.”
“But I have a doorway to be able to sell this Immortal Spirit Stone at a high price, now that an Immortal Spirit Stone vein has been discovered on the outskirts of the countryside, it’s worth a fortune.”
“Now that Criminal Daorong is occupying the Immortal Spirit Stone vein and wants to keep it for himself, so I want to discuss it, our two families will take over that Immortal Spirit Stone vein and then we’ll mine it.”
“When the time comes, I will have the sales, and our two families will split it 50/50, you don’t have to do anything!”
Qiu Wanha said after Yan Shuangying!