Gu Tianzhao was aware of Chen Ping’s ability, and this bit of artistry from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect was rubbish in Chen Ping’s eyes!
“It’s him?”Wang Qingshi froze, but snorted coldly, “Making me kneel down and apologise, daydreaming, don’t think that your Two Yi Sect is great, but I still have helpers.”
After Wang Qingshi finished speaking, he looked towards Su Tianshuo who was not far away, as long as Su Tianshuo brought people to help together to deal with the Two Yi Sect, Wang Qingshi would be sure to defeat the Two Yi Sect!
“President Su, it’s come to this point, do you still want to stand by and watch?”
Wang Qingshi loudly questioned Su Tianshuo!
Su Tianshuo’s face was immediately embarrassed, he had promised to follow Wang Qingshi and cooperate, now he saw Wang Qingshi following the Two Yi Sect’s fight, but they stood by and watched!
Gu Tianzhao at this time noticed Su Tianshuo and the others, and his brows instantly furrowed!
He didn’t expect that the many pill masters on this Spirit Boat were actually following the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect is together!
If these people were to strike together, the Two Yi Sect would not be able to handle it!
Su Tianshuo carefully studied the current situation, then shouted, “Patriarch Wang, how can we possibly stand idly by, I’ll bring people here ……”
Boom!
Before Su Tianshuo’s words fell, there was a sudden loud bang!
The Zhan Tian Dharma Sect’s grand formation broke open!
Chen Ping led Chen Wenliang and the others, all of whom rushed out from within that large black net!
Seeing the crowd rush out, Su Tianshuo froze for a moment!
“Island Master Ouyang, President Chen, the time for revenge has come.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile after rushing out of the large formation!
“Brothers, the time for revenge has come, kill these brutes of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect and avenge your brothers!”
Ouyang Xing shouted!
The many disciples of Pill God Island then roared in anger and killed the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
Zhou Qian also had scarlet eyes and hissed as he rushed forward, he wanted to avenge the Zhou Clan’s sons and daughters.
“Fellow Daoists, put up a fight ……”
Chen Wenliang also roared, leading the crowd from the Central Region Apothecary Guild to charge up!
The Zhen Clan, as well as the other pill masters, all of them rushed towards the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
If there was no Two Yi Sect, Wang Qingshi did not place these pill masters in his eyes!
However, the Two Yi Sect had now stepped in, and the various techniques of the Zhentian Dharma Sect, which had just been cast, were broken, and for a while, they could not hold back the attacks of these pill masters!
“Escape ……”
When Wang Qingshi saw that, he roared and took the lead to start fleeing!
Seeing this, the many disciples of the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect also began to flee.
“Want to run?”Chen Ping snorted coldly, holding the Dragon Slashing Sword as he instantly chased after them!
“You two stop him ……”
Wang Qingshi asked the two elders to stop Chen Ping as he himself fled for his life!
It had come to this point, and he could not care less about his disciples!
Although the two Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect elders were unwilling, they had no choice but to stop and prepare to stop Chen Ping!
“Chop ……”
Chen Ping chopped down with his sword, the sharp sword blade, as if it had descended from the sky, directly chopped on one of the Sky-Scalping Dharma Sect’s Elders!
Seeing this, the two elders panicked and cast their spells to form a shield!
However, it was useless, the sword awn easily cut through the shield and then split one of the elders into two halves at once!
“The power of the Dragon Chopping Sword is getting greater and greater, I wonder how Zhong Li is doing, it seems that there is time to go to the Refining Sect and restore the Dragon Chopping Sword completely, then Zhong Li will be free.”
Chen Ping looked at the Zhan Long Sword in his hand, and couldn’t help but feel emotional in his heart!
It had been such a long time, and since the sword spirit Zhong Li had been injured and had no way to leave the Dragon Beheading Sword, the power of the Dragon Beheading Sword had weakened a lot as well!
Most of all, since Zhong Li was unable to leave the Dragon Sword, Chen Ping was like having one less helper!
If the Sword Spirit Zhong Li recovered, then Zhong Li would be Chen Ping’s killer mace, allowing Zhong Li to detach from the Dragon Sword and strike out on his own in the most critical of times!