Qian Xiu, however, shook his head and said, “The fire spirit beasts do not have characteristics and their strength is ominous, the strength of the fire spirit beasts in each test is adjusted by the chief examiner, so none of them are the same, and the fire spirit beasts don’t have any fixed characteristics, in order to prevent someone from targeting their training.”
Upon hearing this, the crowd was a little disappointed, it seemed that they had to go all out, counting on the old master was useless!
“Senior sister, let’s do it then!”Chen Ping said!
“Hold on, there is also this Fire Spirit Beast that must be killed with Supreme Fire before it can be killed, no other feats may be used, and even more so, no real weapons may be used.”
Qian Xiu admonished again!
“Understood!”The crowd nodded, then with a stretch of their hands, flames danced in their hands, and then these flames turned into various weapons!
“Kill …………”
The crowd waved their flame-illusory weapons and charged towards those fire spirit beasts!
“Junior Brother, your Supreme Flame is too weak, these Fire Spirit Beasts have both high and low strengths, you follow me at the back, and when you come across a weak one, I will leave it to you to decimate it.”
Qian Xiu pulled Chen Ping’s hand and shielded him behind her like she was protecting a child!
“Senior sister, I want to try it myself!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a flaming longsword ignited in his hand, then he leapt up and headed towards those Fire Spirit Beasts!
“Senior brother!”Seeing this, Qian Xiu followed closely behind!
However, before he could reach Chen Ping, he saw that after Chen Ping arrived, a Fire Spirit Beast wailed and fell to the ground as soon as he chopped out with his sword!
Wherever Chen Ping’s sword stroke passed, the Fire Spirit Beasts were all dead!
Chen Ping was like a harvester, harvesting the lives of the Fire Spirit Beasts!
When the crowd saw this scene, they were all shocked!
After all, at first, they all thought that Chen Ping was a second generation rich man, relying on his rich connections to be brought to the Purple Flame Sect by Elder Yu!
But now, it seemed that Chen Ping’s strength was also very strong ah!
“Senior sister, isn’t this junior brother a rich second generation? How come he’s so powerful?”
“Could it be that this Junior Brother encountered the very weakest Fire Spirit Beast?”
The crowd asked to Qian Xiu!
“Don’t talk nonsense, who says that a rich second generation can’t be powerful, the youngest senior brother is the one who is both rich and powerful.”
Qian Xiu looked at the uncommon strength Chen Ping had shown, his eyes were even more filled with appreciation!
Rich, handsome and strong!
If this can be together double cultivation, that and is not a beautiful ……
Qian Xiu looked at Chen Ping’s silhouette and was mesmerised, and his flamboyant eyes were all about to flow out!
The other brothers and sisters looked at Qian Xiu’s appearance and all laughed!
“What are you laughing at, why don’t you hurry up and do it, pick the weak Fire Spirit Beasts and chop them up, when that Lu San and the others come, they won’t be able to grab them.”
Qian Xiu glared at the crowd and said!
Only then did the crowd react and started moving their hands!
At this time, Lu San and his men also arrived late, and when they saw that Chen Ping and the others were all already decimating the Fire Spirit Beasts, and there were a lot of Fire Spirit Beast corpses on the ground, Lu San, on the other hand, was filled with anger!
“These guys, with such speed and beheading Fire Spirit Beasts with such ferocity, they must not have been affected by the pressure.”
Lu San said angrily!
“Senior Lu, these guys are really evil, each one of them is so fierce, especially that new guy, he has killed so many fire spirit beasts.”
Someone pointed at Chen Ping and said to Lu San!
Lu San glanced at Chen Ping and realised that Chen Ping had already killed dozens of Fire Spirit Beasts and was about to pass the examination!
“Let’s do it too, don’t mix with them, let’s go somewhere else.”
Lu San leapt and left the place where Chen Ping and the others were beheading the Fire Spirit Beasts and went to the other side to make their move!
Seeing Lu San and the others moving away from them to go and behead the Fire Spirit Beasts, Chen Ping thought that these guys were not making a move here because the weaker Fire Spirit Beasts here had been slaughtered almost to death!