It turned out that Ding didn’t have any cultivation resources anymore, whether it was herbs, pills or crystals, the Vicious Valley didn’t have any of these things anymore.
“Don’t worry, I don’t need a bit of resources for my cultivation, I brought them myself, just take me to a secluded and spacious place!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“That’s a good deal!” Ding Dada immediately led Chen Ping deeper into the valley.
Soon, Ding DaDa found a secluded and spacious place.
“Hall Master, is it okay for you to look here?”
Ding Da Da said.
Chen Ping looked at it and then nodded, “Yes!”
After saying that, Chen Ping took out the Demon Subduing Tower from within his storage ring.
The Demon Subduing Tower was then tossed in mid-air, followed by the Tower instantly becoming larger and towering directly over that spacious place.
Looking at the sudden appearance of the pagoda, the four villains were instantly shocked.
“This is called the Demon Subduing Tower, and the tower is filled with spiritual energy, so I don’t need any other resources to cultivate it!”
“In addition, you send someone to go to the Pill God Valley and have the Pill God Valley prepare resources for the Vicious Valley on a regular basis in the future!”
Chen Ping said to Ding Da.
“Pill God Valley?” Ding Da Da was stunned, “Pill God Valley’s pills are very expensive, we in the Vicious Valley are afraid that …………”
“Don’t worry, I won’t ask for a penny, I am now the valley master of the Pill God Valley!”
Chen Ping smiled lightly.
This time, the four villains were even more shocked and looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
Looking at the shocked four, Chen Ping continued to speak, “I’m going to go cultivate now, don’t disturb me if there’s nothing particularly important, and also don’t ever let just anyone come here, I’ll set up a formation here!”
Chen Ping admonished Ding Da, when Chen Ping was cultivating, he would lay down killing formations all around.
If someone from the Valley of Evil, accidentally barged in, they were going to lose their lives.
“Don’t worry, Hall Master, without our orders, no one will dare to come here.”
Ding Da said.
Chen Ping walked into the Demon Subduing Tower, and then the doors of the Demon Subduing Tower slowly closed.
The four great villains turned and left.
“Big brother, have you noticed that the aura on the Hall Master follows the benefactor who saved our Wicked Valley back then!”
“Yes, I also have this feeling, but looking at the Hall Master, who is only in his twenties, there is no way he could have just been born and saved our Wicked Valley, right?”
“Could this be the child of that benefactor back then?”
Several people discussed.
“Alright, stop guessing, we need to strengthen the defenses of the Vicious Valley in the future, I reckon someone will be looking for it soon.”
Ding didn’t say to the other three.
…………
Early the next morning!
The four great villains were rearranging the defenses of the Vicious Valley, and in addition sent someone to the Pill God Valley as well.
For so many years, the resources in the Vicious Valley had been scarce, and many people were very slow in improving their strength.
Although to the outside world, it seemed that the Vicious Valley was still strong.
However, only they themselves knew that if this continued, the Vicious Valley would sooner or later become someone else’s plate of food.
“Boss, there is a person outside the door, claiming to be from the Luo family in the north of the desert, and begging to see Boss ……”
A guard ran in and said to Ding Da.
“The Mo Bei Luo family?”
Ding Da frowned slightly.
“Big brother, we haven’t come to deal with the Mo Bei Luo family even after we followed them, have we?”
Ding Bu’er said.
“Could it be that they’re here to find Mr. Chen?” Ding Bu San was also puzzled.
“If they really dare to look for Mr. Chen’s trouble, they won’t be able to walk out of the Valley of the Wicked!”
Ding Bu Si clenched his fists.
“Don’t be impulsive yet, let’s see what’s going on, according to reason, it’s impossible for Mr. Chen to have anything to do with following the Mo Bei Luo family!”
Ding BuDa said.
After all, Desert North was still a long way from Kyoto, how could Chen Ping have anything to do with following a family in Desert North.
“Invite the man in!”
Ding Dada said to the guards.
Soon, Luo Jinzuo led the men to the hall.