“Holy shit, what is this? It looks so awesome ……”
Mo Killing Shadow was surprised to see the Divine Peasant Cauldron!
“This is a divine cauldron for alchemy, right?”
The Flower Staff Weng stroked the Divine Nong Cauldron and was also shocked!
“Brother Chen, you still know how to make pills? Could it be that you are a pharmacist?”
Lin Kefan was also a little surprised, he did not expect Chen Ping to be a pill master!
Chen Ping was able to cross over at the second rank of the Mahayana realm, and disregarded cultivators at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm!
That must have been gifted and focused on gongfu cultivation!
And yet, he didn’t expect to be a pill master!
“Occasionally when I’m bored, I also practice medicine ……”
Chen Ping said, putting all those immortal herbs into the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron!
After only a few moments of effort, a fragrant potion came out!
“The pills have been refined, you three watch and share!”
Chen Ping said as he pointed at the Divine Farmer’s Tripod!
“All for us?”
Lin Kefan sized up Chen Ping!
“Of course, this kind of pill, if I want to eat it, I can make it anytime, you all take it!”
Chen Ping waved his hand very generously!
Upon hearing this, Ink Killing Shadow and Flower Staff Weng could not control themselves first, and directly plopped down on the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron, loading the pills in large quantities!
Seeing this, Lin Kefan didn’t care about his status as a prince and pounced on them and started to grab them!
A furnace of pills was quickly divided up by the three people!
“Brother Chen, besides these treasures, what else do you have on you, let us see!”
Lin Kefan knew that Chen Ping definitely had more treasures on him, it could never be just the Divine King Bow and this Divine Nong Ding!
“There isn’t anything too good, just still have some dragon tattooed bells, dragon chopping swords, devil drawing whips and the like ……”
Chen Ping said, taking out all the various treasures he had on him!
Looking at the treasures that Chen Ping took out piece by piece, the three people were dumbfounded!
Because in their eyes, each and every piece of this could be a divine weapon!
Lin Kefan looked on with dazzled eyes, and finally his gaze went to that Dragon Cutting Sword!
Lin Kefan looked on with dazzled eyes, and finally his gaze went to the Dragon Slaying Sword!
“Brother Chen, this is a spiritually enlightened sword of yours?”
Lin Kefan asked as he gently stroked the Dragon Cutting Sword!
“Good eyesight, this Dragon Beheading Sword of mine is indeed spiritually enlightened!”Chen Ping nodded!
Upon hearing this, Lin Kefan directly picked up the Dragon Beheading Sword and said with some love, “Brother Chen, since you already have a divine weapon like the Divine King’s Bow, this Dragon Beheading Sword can be given to me, I can’t afford to not be able to even dance with a sword!”
Chen Ping: “???”
What does this mean? Chen Ping was somewhat speechless!
He did not expect this fourth uncle of his to be so shameless, how could he take the initiative to ask for something from someone?
He had only taken out these things to pretend to be a pussy, but he had never thought of giving them to someone ah!
“You can’t use this …… this Dragon Cutting Sword …… either.”
Chen Ping said!
“What? How could I not use it ……”
Lin Kefan finished speaking and directly swung the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, about to give Chen Ping a show!
But just as he swung it, the Dragon Chopping Sword seemed like it was out of control, instantly detaching itself from his hand, and then with a pirouette, it headed straight for Lin Kefan’s chest!
“Fuck me ……”
Lin Kefan exploded with a foul mouth as his body quickly retreated!
While seeing this, Chen Ping shouted, “Zhong Li, don’t make a scene ……”
Only to see a flash of white light from the Dragon Slaying Sword, a figure detached itself from the Dragon Slaying Sword!
When Lin Kefan and the others got a good look at it, they all froze, only to see a beautiful woman who was standing in front of them!
“I only belong to my master, if anyone else wants to use it, then don’t blame me for being rude!”
Zhong Li said as he looked at that Lin Ke Fan!
“Brother Chen, could this be the Sword Spirit in the Dragon Beheading Sword?”
Lin Kefan asked in shock!
“Not bad, she is the Sword Spirit Zhong Li!”Chen Ping nodded!
“That’s great, that’s great, it can be used during the day and also at night ……”
The Flower Staff Weng looked at the beautiful Zhong Li and licked his lips and said!
Zhong Li glared at the Flower Scepter Weng, she understood what the Flower Scepter Weng meant by that!