“Mr Chen, we follow Mr Chen, I wonder if we have any meet and greet gifts?”
The bearded man saw that Chen Ping was hesitant to speak, so he opened his mouth and asked!
“Oh, there is, there is ……”
Chen Ping said, rummaging around in his storage ring before taking out some immortal herbs, spirit pills, and distributing them to those few Mahayana Realm 9th Grade cultivators!
“Just this?”
The bearded man clearly had a few moments of disdain on his face!
The others also had unhappy faces!
“Yeah, these Immortal Herbs and Spiritual Elixirs are all worth their weight in gold as well!”Chen Ping nodded!
“Mr Chen, isn’t there 10,000 Immortal Spirit Stones you can get for following you?”
The bearded man asked bluntly!
Chen Ping froze, then said, “Where would I have that many Immortal Spirit Stones to give you guys!”
“F*ck, if you don’t have Immortal Spirit Stones, you should have said so earlier, you are blindly delaying your efforts and making our brothers kowtow to you for nothing!”
The bearded man cursed in dissatisfaction and threw away the Immortal Herb Spirit Pills in his hand!
The other few cultivators also cursed and then turned around and left, soon there were no figures left!
Xuan Bin and also Xiao Yuan Shan several people were confused!
Chen Ping himself was also dumbfounded, and when he reacted, he immediately roared, “You fucking …………”
Before Chen Ping finished speaking, the other party was long gone!
“Hahaha …………”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord laughed out loud!
It was only at this time that Chen Ping understood what the words spoken by the Red Cloud Demon Monarch meant!
“Mr Chen, don’t be too angry, these guys came running for the Immortal Spirit Stones, they obviously weren’t genuinely defecting to you.”
“Our brothers also know quite a few people, all of them are at the ninth level of the Mahayana realm, they can be recruited for Mr Chen.”
“I just don’t know how many Immortal Spirit Stones are still in Mr Chen’s hand?”
Xuan Bin asked to Chen Ping!
“What? You guys think that 10,000 Immortal Spirit Stones is too little?”Chen Ping asked somewhat less than happy!
“No, no, no, Mr Chen misunderstood, ten thousand Immortal Spirit Stones is really not much for us.”
“I’m just trying to recruit some followers for Mr Chen, as Mr Chen also knows, for a cultivator of the Ninth Grade of the Mahayana Realm, Immortal Spirit Stones are the best cultivation resources out there.”
“The desire for Immortal Spirit Stones for a cultivator of the Ninth Grade of the Mahayana Realm is even stronger than that of a cultivator of the Immortalisation Realm, after all, with Immortal Spirit Stones, the difficulty of glorifying the Immortalisation Realm will be a lot less difficult.”
“If Mr Chen still has Immortal Spirit Stones in his hand and is willing to take out a portion of them, I will definitely be able to recruit some for Mr Chen!”
Xuan Bin explained in a panic!
“Truth be told, I have an Immortal Spirit Stone vein of my own, and I have as many Immortal Spirit Stones as I want.”
“Those few fools just now, if they were a little more sincere, the Immortal Spirit Stones would be inexhaustible!”
Chen Ping said with a cold snort!
It was true that Chen Ping had an Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, but having an inexhaustible amount of Immortal Spirit Stones was a bit of an exaggeration!
“What? Mr Chen actually has an immortal spirit stone vein?”
Xuan Bin and that Zhou Tang all stared with wide eyes!
“Of course, or else where did I get these Immortal Spirit Stones from?”
Chen Ping nodded his head!
Xuan Bin and Zhou Tang swallowed their saliva, and glints of light emerged from their eyes!
“Mr Chen, we’ll go and contact someone for you right away, with the Immortal Spirit Stones vein in your hands, those cultivators won’t treat you like a grandfather!”
After Xuan Bin finished speaking, he took Zhou Tang and left!
“Mr Chen, do you really have Immortal Spirit Stone veins?”Xiao Yuan Shan asked!
If Chen Ping did not have an Immortal Spirit Stone vein, when the time came to find the many cultivators, if Chen Ping did not have Immortal Spirit Stones, it was expected that they would all run away as well!
After all, in this Celestial Realm, profit was the most important thing!
“You don’t believe me?”Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Seeing that expression on Chen Ping’s face, Xiao Yuanshan hurriedly nodded his head and said, “I believe ……”
“But those two fellows who left with the Immortal Spirit Stones, will they just run away and not come back?”