Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Elder Miao and Cai Hongwei fell silent and stopped talking!
And that Luo Shouhai was slightly surprised, “Little brother, I didn’t expect you to have such awareness at such a young age, no wonder the Wind Demon senior would pass on his mastery to you ……”
Obviously Jin Dong and the others had followed Luo Shouhai’s words about Chen Ping knowing the Holy Light Fist!
“Not only Wind Demon senior, Blood Demon senior even saved my life ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“What? You …… you’ve seen the Blood Demon Elder? Where is the Blood Demon Elder?”
Luo Shouhai immediately froze!
Jin Dong and Luo Xi were also filled with astonishment, they hadn’t heard Chen Ping say anything about the Blood Demon ah!
“The Blood Demon Elder should be right here in the Celestial Realm, only where it is hidden, I don’t know.”
Chen Ping shook his head!
He didn’t know where the Blood Demon was, this guy was probably hiding in the shadows as well, investigating the matter of the God-Demon War!
Although thousands of years had passed and they had been suppressed for so many years for no reason, of course they had to investigate clearly!
“Hey …… after the Blood Demon Ancestor and their glory, the Demon Race has become street rats.”
Luo Shouhai sighed, then looked at Old Man Miao and Cai Hongwei and the others, “Fellow Daoists, although my Blood Spirit Valley is a demon race, I, Luo Shouhai, am not ashamed of my conscience, and I have never done anything that would harm the heavens or harm reason.”
“Elder Miao, Boss Cai, this Blood Spirit Valley is indeed different from the other devil races ……”
Chen Ping looked at Elder Miao and Boss Cai, and then told them about Luo Xi’s bloodlust!
Once they heard that Luo Xi even drank her own senior brother’s blood and would not harm innocent people, they also instantly felt good about the Blood Spirit Valley!
“Brother Jin, Miss Luo ……”
At this time, Ji Yun and the others also walked over!
“Duke Ji ……”
Seeing Ji Yun, Jin Dong and Luo Xi shouted happily!
After all, when they were in Mo Hai, the few of them were considered to have a deep friendship!
“Little brother, you have come to this Heavenly Demon Mountain, is it also for that Divine Demon Battlefield matter?”
Luo Shouhai asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded without hesitation and said “Not bad, only that we had some delays on the way, and I don’t know if the treasures of this Divine Demon Battlefield were picked up a long time ago ……”
“Mr Chen, this Divine Demon Battlefield has not yet opened, no one can go in to pick up the treasures, you guys are not too late ……”
Luo Xi hurriedly said to Chen Ping!
“What? It hasn’t opened yet?” Chen Ping was a little confused all of a sudden!
Even Old Man Miao and Cai Hongwei and the others were in a state of confusion, didn’t they say that the Divine Demon Battlefield had been discovered?
How was this not opened again?
Seeing this, Luo Shouhai hurriedly explained “This Divine Demon Battlefield is indeed in this Heavenly Demon Mountain, but it’s not in this space of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, back then, battles of this level opened up exotic spaces, if the battle was fought here in the Celestial Realm, then the entire Celestial Realm would have to collapse.”
“Although the battlefield is indeed in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, however it is not a space, it needs the exotic space to be opened before it can be done, right now at the centre of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the void rift in the exotic space has already been formed but it has not been completed to open it up, all of it is spatial and temporal turbulence, no one is able to penetrate through it.”
As soon as Luo Shouhai explained, Chen Ping instantly understood, remembering that small island in the Sea of Ink, and those dead dragons, those were also all within a space that had been opened up!
“In that case, we have not come too late ah ……”
Chen Ping secretly breathed a sigh of relief, in that case, the treasures within that Divine Demon Battlefield would depend on everyone’s fortune!
“Of course it’s not too late, and not only is it not too late, but I can also guarantee that little brother will be able to enter that Divine Demon Battlefield first.”
Luo Shouhai said with a faint smile!
“Enter first?” Chen Ping froze!
When this Divine Demon Battlefield opened, the crowd would surely swarm in, and it would surely be chaos at that time, and even if Chen Ping had more strength, it would be impossible for him to enter first!