Chen Ping knew that these people could not escape from the spell formation he had set up, although they were missing, but they must be nearby!
Chen Ping waved his hand and the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in his hand.
With the Zenglong Sword in his hand, Chen Ping cast the Nine Shadows Sword Technique, and soon four identical Chen Ping’s appeared, while each of them occupied a position.
The Zeng Long Sword in his hand waved, forming a sword shadow, and the terrifying sword Qi rampaged across, as if to strangle everything in the formation.
Poof poof poof …………
A shower of blood was thrown, and soon the forms of several island warriors were revealed.
Each one carried wounds, and although they were fighting desperately with their katanas, it was pointless!
Chen Ping looked at Kawashima Koji, his obsidian eyes emitting an icy, stern light that gave off an endless sense of oppression.
The two children had just been killed by this Kawashima Hiroji, and Chen Ping wanted to make this Kawashima Hiroji pay the price!
Swish!
Chen Ping swung out with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
“Ah …………”
That Kawashima Hiroshi instantly let out a miserable scream, only to see that Kawashima Hiroshi’s arm, only to see that one was severed and blood flowing like a river.
“Second brother?” Seeing that Kawashima Hiroshiji only saw one arm cut off, Kawashima Hirosan shouted, and then shouted, “Fourth brother, fifth brother, we have to unite to prevent being approached by this Chen Ping ……”
As soon as Kawashima Hirosan’s words fell, he saw a flash of a human figure, followed by Chen Ping already in front of him.
“You say you won’t let me get close, so I won’t get close?”
Chen Ping wore a look of disdain on his face.
Kawashima Hirosan was startled and instinctively slammed a fist out towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping reached out and grabbed that Kawashima Hirosan’s wrist.
Click …………
With a crunching sound, Kawashima Hirosan’s arm was instantly twisted off.
Now of the five island warriors, only two were left with their arms and legs intact, Kawashima Hiroshi, Kawashima Hiroshi and Kawashima Hirosan all had their arms broken by Chen Ping.
“Use the diamond net …………”
At this moment, Kawashima Hiroshi, who was already somewhat dying, suddenly threw an object from his hand!
Kawashima Hiroshi endured the severe pain and caught the object Kawashima Hiroshi threw over with one hand, followed by a throw towards Chen Ping!
A large net of more than ten square metres appeared in the air, the net also shone with golden light, and a forbidden aura emanated from that net.
This was the last move of their mission. The Vajra Net was purchased by the Watanabe family from the Western Region at great cost, its texture was so hard that it was invulnerable to water and fire, and once the person was caught, there was no way to escape.
The net wrapped Chen Ping up in a flash and then began to shrink, making Chen Ping curl up and unable to move at all.
Seeing Chen Ping caught in the vajra net, several of the island warriors instantly let out a breath of relief, and now Chen Ping was a lamb to the slaughter.
“While he can’t move, you guys still don’t make a move ……”
Kawashima Hiromichi warned loudly.
Soon, the two remaining island samurai, brandishing their katanas, stabbed viciously towards Chen Ping.
Clang clang clang ……
But no matter how desperately the two men tried, there was no way to break through Chen Ping’s fleshly body’s defense.
“Lao Er, Lao San, you guys do it too ……”
Seeing this, Kawashima Hiroshi could only ask Kawashima Hiroshi and Kawashima Hirosan, who had broken their arms, to join together as well.
The four warriors joined forces and a stream of energy struck the Vajra Net, causing the golden light above it to shine even brighter.
An unparalleled suppressing force was pressing down on Chen Ping, and the Vajra Net was constantly shrinking, squeezing Chen Ping’s body.
Soon, Chen Ping’s body was compressed into a sphere, and his entire body became extremely distorted.
“Alright, he can’t escape, help me up ……”
Seeing this, Kawashima Hiroshi let out a long sigh of relief, he knew that Chen Ping could not escape.