However, when Chen Ping walked out of the room, he found Bing Lu, Lan Yingying and dozens of other disciples of Guanghan Palace standing in the square!
They probably knew that Chen Ping was leaving and had all come to see him off!
There was a look of gratitude in the eyes of these Broad Cold Palace disciples.
Especially Bing Lu and Lan Ying Ying, they had followed Chen Ping all the way here, what Chen Ping had experienced and what he had done, they were very clear!
It could be said that Chen Ping had gone through hardships and dangers for the sake of the Guanghan Palace and for them, and had almost lost his life!
Bing Lu and the others had tears in their eyes, how they did not want Chen Ping to leave!
However, they also knew that Chen Ping did not belong to the Broad Cold Palace and would leave sooner or later!
Chen Ping looked at these people in front of him and was also silent, he did not say anything!
Saying more words, the end result would still be the same!
He did not belong here and would leave eventually!
Chen Ping passed through the crowd without saying a word!
‘Mr Chen …………’
Suddenly, the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace called out to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping stopped, only to see the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master take out a token amidst the gazes of the crowd, before walking over to Chen Ping and handing it to him!
It was a token carved out of cold stone, crystal clear and cold to the touch, and there was also a strong aura within the token!
‘This is our Broad Cold Palace’s Palace Master’s Order, if you take it, it’s the same as me following you around at all times, anywhere, you can use this Palace Master’s Order to order any of the disciples of Broad Cold Palace.’
‘Although there are rules that this Palace Master’s Order cannot be gifted to a male cultivator, I have decided today to change the rules of the Broad Cold Palace for you.’
‘I only hope that when you see this Palace Master Order, you will be able to think of me ……’
The Palace Master said to Chen Ping with affection!
When the crowd saw this, each and every one of them were all shocked, knowing that with this Palace Master Order in hand, it was equal to the Palace Master’s personal presence!
Moreover, it was not allowed to be gifted to a male cultivator, but now, it had even changed the rules for Chen Ping!
What’s more, with the Palace Master’s words, and that look in her eyes, these Guanghan Palace disciples were beginning to wonder if the Palace Master had slept with Chen Ping!
Only, none of them questioned it, and even if the Palace Master had slept with Chen Ping, they would still give their blessing!
They all knew that Chen Ping’s contribution to Guanghan Palace, not to mention sleeping with a Palace Master!
Even if they slept with all of them, the disciples of Guanghan Palace, Chen Ping would still take it for granted!
Without Chen Ping, they did not know how long these people would be able to exist, or perhaps Guanghan Palace would be destroyed before it could develop!
Chen Ping took the Palace Master’s Order and nodded heavily towards the Palace Master before turning to leave!
As the crowd looked at Chen Ping’s back, many of the Guanghan Palace disciples cried in small voices!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace also had a tear cross her face!
This was the first time she had shed tears for a man!
Chen Ping left the Broad Cold Palace and headed straight to the South End City, he was going to take the blimp from the Wan Tong Pavilion to go back!
At the very least, he had the Elder token of the Wantong Pavilion in his hand, and it would be safer for him to take the dirigible!
After arriving at South End City, Chen Ping unexpectedly encountered Shen Ji Zi!
‘Fellow Daoist, fellow Daoist, are you coming down from the Guanghan Palace?’
When Shen Ji Zi saw Chen Ping, he hurriedly approached him!
Chen Ping was his God of Wealth!
‘Yes, I just came down from the Broad Cold Palace!’ Chen Ping nodded!
‘So, did you hear any news in the Broad Cold Palace?’
Shen Ji Zi then asked mysteriously!
‘News? What news?’
Chen Ping was filled with confusion!
‘The news of the Polar Journey ah, many people know about it now.’
Shen Ji Zi said!
‘What news?’ Chen Ping frowned slightly!
The Polar Journey, apart from the five major clans, it was the crowd of Ouyang Family cultivators that Ouyang Zhenhua brought with him, and some other family cultivators who left safely!
And a lot of people died, the Mu Family was completely wiped out, and the Holy Maiden that Chen Ping had brought with him was also mostly dead or injured!
What news could have come out?
Could it be news from the Wuji Sacred Sect?
Even if it did get out, the Wuji Sacred Sect had already collapsed and had no value at all!
And as for that Extreme Stone Mine, it would be of no use at all to those who were not cultivating the Ice System Technique!
Chen Ping was puzzled as to what the news was.