Upon hearing this, Shen Ji Zi hurriedly put away the spirit coins, then said with a smile, “No problem, I am most familiar with this area, in letting me lead the way, I will definitely do it for free!”
After following Shen Ji Zi to bid farewell, Chen Ping returned to Guang Han Palace!
At this time, it was already late at night, Chen Ping originally wanted to go back to his room to rest by himself, but he did not expect that the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was already waiting for him!
“Mr Chen, you are back so late, is there something going on?”
“If it’s to address a need, as I said, I have disciples of this Broad Cold Palace at your disposal, so you don’t need to be embarrassed!”
The Palace Master asked at Chen Ping!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping hurriedly explained, “Palace Master has misunderstood, I just went to South End City to procure a few things.”
“Since the trip to the Polar Regions is treacherous, one must prepare well in advance.”
“Then how was Chen’s harvest?”The Palace Master asked!
“Not bad, the things I bought should be useful on the road.”
Chen Ping said!
“Then I won’t bother you to rest, but you must remember that in the most dangerous times, you must ensure that you escape safely, and those Holy Maidens can be ignored.”
“I will also ask them to co-operate with you as much as possible, these Saint Maidens are all high minded and proud, so sometimes they speak out of turn, so don’t pay any attention to that, Mr Chen.”
The Palace Master said to Chen Ping!
“I understand, I won’t care!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“That’s good!”The Palace Master left!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, returned to his room, then took out the Xuan Tortoise Armour and carved formation patterns on it!
Carving formation patterns on such a small place was the most energy and spirit consuming!
It was only after a whole night that Chen Ping finished carving a dozen Xuan Tortoise Armours!
The Xuan Turtle Armour, together with the formation patterns engraved by Chen Ping, was sufficient to withstand attacks of the eighth level of the Transitional Apparition Realm or above!
For these Sacred Maidens of the Sixth Grade of the Transition Realm, it was enough for self-defence!
After putting away the Xuan Turtle Armour and exhaling a long breath of turbid air, Chen Ping got up and went to find the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace!
He was going to ask the Palace Master to take him to the place where the Holy Maidens were cultivating and give them these Xuan Turtle Armours!
At this moment, the Palace Master was sitting in the middle of a courtyard, and the cold air around her was constantly surrounding her.
The temperature here was extremely cold, yet the Palace Master was wearing a sarong that was as thin as a cicada’s wing and very transparent!
Probably forgetting about Chen Ping’s existence, it felt like there were all female disciples within the Broad Cold Palace, so the Palace Master just sat directly in the courtyard and cultivated!
When Chen Ping came to the Palace Master’s courtyard and looked at the Palace Master in a see-through outfit, Chen Ping instantly froze!
He did not expect the Palace Master to be dressed like this when she was cultivating!
At this moment, Chen Ping did not know what to do for a moment!
Should he leave, or should he stay here?
Although he was trying his best to avoid his eyes, Chen Ping’s eyes were like they were not listening to him, and he always skimmed over them inadvertently!
The Palace Master also sensed that someone was spying on him and snapped his eyes open, a cold aura coming out with his hand!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hastily dodged, which prevented him from being hit!
“Mr Chen ……”
Seeing that it was Chen Ping, the Palace Master was stunned!
Chen Ping was also filled with embarrassment and did not dare to look directly at the Palace Master as he hurriedly said, “I would like to ask the Palace Master to take me to the place where the Sacred Maidens cultivate.”
“Good!”The Palace Master nodded, then went back to her room to change her clothes!
When the Palace Master changed her clothes, she noticed that Chen Ping’s face was red, as if he had a fever!
Looking at Chen Ping like that, the Palace Master then hid her mouth and smiled, she certainly knew why Chen Ping was like that!
“Mr Chen, you have saved my life, by all accounts, if you want it, I should give it to you as well, it’s just a pity that I’m currently shouldering the mission of Guanghan Palace, so I can’t have a dual cultivation with Mr Chen, and when I pass on the position of the Palace Master to the next generation of the Holy Maiden, I can be at Mr Chen’s disposal.”
The Palace Master said indifferently to Chen Ping!
“Palace Master misunderstood, I didn’t mean that, let’s just get going ……”
Chen Ping had a red face as he quickly stepped towards the back mountain of the Guanghan Palace!