Upon seeing Chen Ping’s hideous appearance, all three girls were terrified!
“Sister Yu Qi, Brother Chen Ping he …… what’s wrong with him? Something is not going to happen, right?”
Xiao Ru was so scared that her voice changed!
Su Yuqi was also looking at Chen Ping with a face full of tension, but they couldn’t get close because the aura on Chen Ping’s body at that moment made it difficult for them to move an inch!
After ten minutes had pa*sed like this, the aura on Chen Ping’s body suddenly disappeared and his entire body collapsed to the ground as if he was deflated!
“Chen Ping ……”
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
Su Yuqi, Xiao Ru and the others all rushed over!
At this moment Chen Ping fell to the ground, his forehead was covered with sweat, but recently he was overflowing with smiles!
“Haha …… haha …………”
Chen Ping was lying on the ground and laughing, which baffled Su Yuqi and the rest of them!
“Chen …… Brother Chen Ping, you’re not stupid, are you?”
Looking at Chen Ping lying on the ground giggling, Xiao Ru asked.
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Su Yuqi also spoke up and asked.
Chen Ping sat up violently, then shouted excitedly, “I know, I know, we can get out of here now ……”
“Chen Ping, what do you know?”
Wu Mei’er asked with a puzzled look on her face.
Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru also both looked dumbfounded, neither of them knew what Chen Ping was talking about!
Chen Ping calmed down and then said after Su Yuqi and the girls, “I know how to open the exit of this secret realm ……”
It turned out that just now Chen Ping was using his entire body’s strength, trying hard to sense this secret realm.
Chen Ping wanted to try to see if this Wordless Heavenly Book could even know the information of this secret realm!
But who knows, Chen Ping really found out!
According to the Wordless Heavenly Book, this secret realm was a secret realm of the Qidao Sect, but for a sect to have such a huge secret realm, it showed the strength of the Qidao Sect!
But hundreds of years ago, all the people of the Daoist Sect suddenly disappeared, and this secret realm was owned by the Demon Heart Sect!
This secret realm has never been used by the Demon Heart Sect, and the number of Demon Heart Sect members who have entered this secret realm is very few and far between.
And this Wordless Book of Heaven was the treasure of the Taoist Sect, and Chen Ping had no idea how it came into Mr. Shi’s hands!
Now that he knew the origin of this secret realm, Chen Ping had also found out from it the way to open the exit of this secret realm!
“Brother Chen Ping, you actually know the origin of this secret realm, so what is the Endless Cave all about? Do you know about it?”
Xiao Ru asked curiously to Chen Ping.
After all, after the three of them went in, their bodies appeared different, which made them very curious!
“This …………” Chen Ping’s divine sense dived into his sea of consciousness and read on top of the Wordless Heavenly Book!
But strangely enough, in the introduction of this secret realm, there was not the slightest mention of that Endless Cave!
“Strange, could it be that this Endless Cave was later opened up by the Demon Heart Sect?”
“That’s not right either, the location of the Endless Cave was marked on the Wordless Heavenly Book at the beginning.”
Chen Ping was lost in thought, wondering why there was no introduction to the Endless Cave!
“Chen Ping, don’t think about it, now that we know how to get out, let’s just go!”
Su Yuqi said with some impatience.
After all, it had been so long since she had left the secret realm and seen her loved ones around her!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded, and then followed the introduction on top of the Wordless Heavenly Book to find a location!
Only to see Chen Ping’s fingers pinch, followed by the recitation of an incantation!
A light instantly flashed through the void, followed by a door of light slowly appearing!
Seeing the open exit, Chen Ping and the others all became excited!
“We can finally get out ……”
Su Yuqi looked at the open exit and was very excited inside!