He had no idea that the orb formed by the leaves of the fruit was so strong!
If they couldn’t open it, they would be trapped here, wouldn’t they?
At that moment, Liu Rui opened her eyes and her aura became a little more manic, her face flushed red!
When Chen Ping saw this, he frowned slightly and instantly punched a spiritual energy into Liu Rui’s body, directly suppressing the manic aura inside Liu Rui’s body!
“This Spiritual Fruit is too powerful, I’ve only eaten one and I almost lost control of the power inside my body, if I eat a few more, I’ll definitely die.”
Liu Rui let out a long breath, but when she saw that Chen Ping had actually finished all four pieces of the Spiritual Fruit, she was instantly frozen.
“Mr. Chen, you …… how can you eat so much and still be okay?”
Liu Rui looked at Chen Ping with envy on her face: “Four Tong Ling Fruits, I’m afraid Mr. Chen’s cultivation level has already stepped into Martial God, right?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “Only at the peak of Martial Saint, just one step away from Martial God ……”
“Four Tong Ling Fruits, but only a small increase in cultivation, it’s a bit of a waste ……”
Liu Rui saw that Chen Ping’s cultivation increased by four Tong Ling Fruits was almost the same as her own one, so she felt a bit sorry!
But Chen Ping did not say anything, to know that the resources he needs to cultivate is several times more than others!
“Mr. Chen, since you are now at the peak of Martial Saint, there is still a Tong Ling fruit here, if you eat it, will you be able to break through to Martial God?”
Liu Rui said as she handed a Tong Ling fruit in front of her face to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping didn’t know if one Tong Ling fruit could help him break through to Martial God, but since there was still one left, he should give it a try!
So Chen Ping swallowed the Spiritual Fruit!
A vast, rushing power began to flow around Chen Ping’s body, while he began to refine it!
As Chen Ping was refining, Liu Rui’s eyes became more and more astonished as she felt the aura in Chen Ping’s body had reached a terrifying level!
The spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s body began to roar, impacting the Martial God realm time and time again!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, a thunderclap was heard, followed by a large black cloud that drifted over the Spirit Tree!
Seeing this sudden change, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun all tilted their heads and looked up!
“Is that kid about to break through to Martial God? This should be a thunder tribulation!”
Leng Yun looked at the black clouds in the sky and said with a slight frown!
“This kid must have secretly eaten the Spiritual Fruit, otherwise how could he have broken through so quickly!”
When Tong Youcai thought that Chen Ping had eaten the Spiritual Fruit, his eyes were filled with anger!
Only the Grand Protector looked at the black clouds in mid-air with a grave expression on his face!
“This kid has broken through the Martial God, how could there be such a powerful thunderstorm?”
The Grand Protector had already noticed the difference in this thunderclap through the black cloud!
Just as the words of the Grand Protector fell, a bolt of lightning suddenly struck the black cloud towards the orb!
The thunderbolt rumbled …………
The thunderstorm struck the orb instantly, but the orb did not change!
Chen Ping, who was inside at the moment, had already fallen into meditation and relaxed for the final moment of the breakthrough!
Rumble …………
Another thunderbolt came down!
Even though Tong Youcai and the others were prepared, they were still shaken by the terrifying aftershocks and sent flying backwards!
“This thunderstorm is too perverted, isn’t it?”
Tong Youcai said in shock as he climbed up from the ground.
“It’s true that it’s a bit perverted. If it weren’t for the protection of this orb, this kind of thunderbolt would have blown Chen Ping to dust if it hadn’t hit him. Can he still break through?”
Leng Yun was also astonished, how could such a thunderstorm withstand it?