“Holy sh*t, over 300,000? I’ll have to struggle for ten years for one watch, Brother Bing!”
“We can’t compare ourselves to other people!”
“Brother Bing has the right face and the right money, such a man is simply the best!”
“Miao Miao, when will you follow Brother Bing break up, I booked on in advance, even if I do Brother Bing girlfriend for a day, I am willing to ……”
A group of people while blowing up, while jokingly said.
The company’s business is a very important part of the company’s business.
“I remember Bing used to follow Wang Han Han together, why did they break up?”
Suddenly a long-haired girl in a dress said!
This girl was also from Wang Han Han’s dormitory and her name was Wang Yutian, so she knew something about Wang Han Han’s relationship with Leng Bing!
When Wang Yutian asked this question, no one was talking instantly, and the atmosphere became awkward for a while!
After all, Wang Han Han and Zhang Miao were roommates in the same dormitory, and now Zhang Miao was stealing Wang Han Han’s boyfriend, so it was a bit unseemly to say.
The first thing I want to say is that I don’t want to talk about it. I have given so much to Wang Han Han, but she doesn’t know what to do. ………”
The company’s business is a very important part of the business.
It seems that this Leng Bing still knows Wang Han Han very well, even Wang Han Han went to work as a dancer he knows all about it!
“How can Wang Han Han be such a person? I didn’t even see her at school before, but she’s a bar dancer?”
“I don’t know who she is, she looks so innocent, but she’s such a woman!”
“I really pity Bing, such a good man, he treated Wang Han Han so well in the first place, but she doesn’t know how to cherish it!”
“I heard that Wang Han Han will also come to the cla*s reunion, I really don’t know where she got the courage!”
“Brother Bing, that kind of person is not worth your heartbreak for her, now you are following Miao Miao together, quite a good match!”
The crowd blamed Wang Han Han and comforted Leng Bing!
With tears in her eyes, Leng Bing nodded slightly, “Fortunately I have met Miao Miao now, so my broken heart has a place to rely on!”
I have to say that Leng Bing’s acting skills were first cla*s, instantly pulling the crowd to his side, all accusing Wang Han Han!
At this moment, Wang Han Han still didn’t know that she had already become a target before she even arrived!
“Hey, having followed Wang Han Han for three years, I didn’t even know she was this kind of person ……”
Wang Yutian skimmed her lips, “No wonder she’s now looking for a reformed prisoner as her boyfriend!”
As soon as Wang Yutian’s words fell, instantly everyone exploded, each one looking at Wang Yutian incredulously!
“Wang Yutian, who did you hear that from? Is it reliable?”
Zhang Meng hurriedly asked to Wang Yutian.
“I also heard it from Wu Yifan, we spoke on the phone last night and she told me that Wang Han Han had found a reformed prisoner who had just gotten out of jail as her boyfriend, I was surprised at the time, but now that Wang Han Han is even a dancer, it’s not bad to find a reformed prisoner!”
Wang Yutian said!
After hearing this, Zhang Miao’s whole heart burst into laughter, she was calculating that if Wang Han Han brought her boyfriend with her, she would definitely humiliate Wang Han Han a lot.
And the corners of Leng Bing’s mouth inadvertently lifted after hearing that Wang Han Han had found a reformed labourer boyfriend!
Just then, Wu Yi Fan and Wang Han Han arrived and pushed the door open and walked in, followed by Chen Ping!
“Hello everyone, it’s been a long time …………”
Wu Yi Fan greeted everyone after he entered!