“You have a problem?” Song Tie asked as he looked at Chen Ping.
“Sort of have!” Chen Ping said indifferently, his face full of calmness, completely unconcerned with that General Manager Feng’s threat.
“Kid, kneel down and apologize to me now, I might be able to spare your life, you have offended me and still dare to come to Mountain City, you have some nerve!”
Chief Feng looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile on his face and said.
“Mountain City is not your home, I can go wherever I like!” Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
When the crowd saw this attitude of Chen Ping following General Manager Feng, they were all shocked!
If they knew that in Shancheng, the Feng, Song and Liu families were the emperors of the land, how could anyone dare to talk to them like this?
In front of so many people from the three families, he was disliked by a young kid like Chen Ping, where would he put his face?
“Today I will let you know if Mountain City is my home or not!” Chief Feng glared angrily, “Get rid of him for me, get rid of him ……”
The two underlings of the Feng family who were originally coming towards Chen Ping instantly increased their speed, the two men, one on the left and one on the right, swung their long fists like dragons, directly at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping actually did not dodge or evade, standing motionless, as if these two were not in his eyes at all!
Seeing this, Song Tie’s face instantly became anxious and finally gritted his teeth and rushed up, blocking Chen Ping: “You are not allowed to kill him!”
“Daughter, what are you doing?”
When Song Zu De saw that his daughter had rushed up to save Chen Ping despite the danger, he immediately said with a frown.
“Dad, Chen Ping saved my life, I can’t watch him die, if word gets out, how can our Song family still gain a foothold?”
Song Tie said anxiously to Song Zu De.
Song Zu De frowned, he did not think that Song Tie was saved by Chen Ping, but in the situation before him, it would be inappropriate for Song Zu De not to do something!
While Song Zu De was hesitating, the two men from the Feng family did not stop, they were still heading towards Chen Ping, but Song Tie was also within range of the attack!
Seeing that the two men were about to hit even Song Tie, Fan Debiao, who had been watching the battle with cold eyes, instantly rushed in front of Song Tie after he let out a furious cry!
“Two people who are only a mere Dacheng of Internal Strength, how dare they make a move against Miss Song!”
Fan Debiao said, fiercely swinging out his two fists!
As the four fists clashed, a huge wave of Qi hit them, and those two Feng family men were instantly knocked out, spurting out a mouthful of blood in mid-air and falling heavily to the ground without a sound!
Seeing this, that General Feng’s face immediately became incomparably gloomy!
And that Fan Debiao was looking at Song Tie with a smug look on his face, “Miss Song, are you alright?”
“Yes, you’re great!” Song Tie shook his head!
Seeing Song Tie praise himself, Fan Debiao’s face turned red and then excitedly patted his chest, “Miss Song, with me, Fan Debiao, no one can hurt you a bit, if anyone dares to bully you, I will kill them.”
As Fan Debiao said this, he gave Mr. Feng a provocative look!
This made Feng furious and he shouted angrily at Song Zu De, “Song Zu De, what do you mean by that? Does this kid have anything to do with your family?”
“Feng Yi, this Chen brother is my daughter’s life-saver, for my sake, let’s forget about it today, don’t forget what our main business on the mountain is!”
Song Zu De said to that General Feng.
“D*mn it, I’ve had two deaths and you’re telling me to forget it?” Feng Yi gritted his teeth and said.
“Alright, alright, it’s getting late, whether we can find the entrance to the vein today is an unknown, if we can’t find it today and stay on the mountain, it’s very dangerous, we don’t know how many people will get off the mountain in the end, what’s the point of arguing so much now? If the boy is still alive after we get off the mountain, it’s not too late for you to seek revenge!”
Liu Chengyin of the Liu family stepped forward to make a roundabout statement!