On the other side, Xiao Yuanshan brought Xiao Feng back to the Imperial City and went straight to see how Chen Ping’s tempering of his flesh was going!
At this time, Xiao Yuanshan’s face did not look too good!
“Father, why did these three people want to kill Mr Chen? Could it be that Mr Chen still has something to do with following these hidden forces of theirs?”
Xiao Feng asked in a very puzzled manner!
Xiao Yuanshan also shook his head and said, “I’m not sure, no matter what, we have to wait until Mr Chen has finished quenching his flesh, in the meantime even if we spell out the entire Xiao Dynasty, we will never allow anyone to come near here!”
“I understand, I will mobilise my men and protect this place with a regiment!”
Xiao Feng nodded!
However, at this moment, in the vicinity of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, there were several more powerful aura fluctuations, causing Xiao Yuan Shan’s brows to furrow!
“There are experts approaching our Xiao Imperial Dynasty again, is it still those three guys?”
Xiao Feng asked!
“It’s not those three, the aura is not right.”Xiao Yuan Shan said!
“What the hell is going on here? Why are there suddenly so many experts coming to our Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
“Could it be that they are all running towards Mr Chen?”
Xiao Feng was filled with doubt!
Xiao Yuanshan and Xiao Feng they did not know about the Ten Temples’ execution order against Chen Ping, and the sudden appearance of so many experts was something they simply could not figure out!
“These people are all running towards Brother Chen ……”
At this time, Yun Li slowly came!
“How do you know?”Xiao Feng asked!
“Because the Ten Temples used 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones and placed a kill order on Chen Ping, so these people are running towards the kill order!”
Yun Li said indifferently!
“One hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones?”
Xiao Yuanshan was shocked, he didn’t think that the Ten Temples would be so generous!
“Since these people are running towards Mr Chen, why haven’t they made a move? Just now, if those three cultivators made their move, all of us from the Xiao Dynasty might not be able to stop them!”
Xiao Feng said in a puzzled manner!
Xiao Yuanshan glanced at the sky and said in a slightly thoughtful manner, “Perhaps these people have scruples, that Mr Shi has increased my Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s Qi for thousands of years, that proves that my Xiao Imperial Dynasty will be able to stand for thousands of years.”
“If these people were to make a move in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, they would definitely have scruples, these are all smart people, they must have investigated long ago!”
“Father is right, we have that Mr Shi to cover us, who would dare to make a move in the Xiao Dynasty, I see that those three guys seeing Mr Chen are trying to trick Mr Chen out and then make a move outside of the Xiao Dynasty, we can just not let Mr Chen go out.”Xiao Feng said .
“Right, we can just not let Mr Chen leave the range of Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”Xiao Yuanshan also nodded in approval!
“Do you guys think that Chen Ping will stay in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
Yun Li finished speaking and turned to leave!
Although he had only just met Chen Ping after him, he fully understood Chen Ping’s character!
Xiao Yuanshan and Xiao Feng both stopped talking, looking at Chen Ping who was still suffering from the quenching of the lightning tribulation, somewhat at a loss for words!
Rumble …………
Right at this moment, there was a sudden loud bang as a terrifying thunder tribulation went crazy and blasted towards Chen Ping!
Yun Li, who had originally already left, also stopped at this moment and turned to look at Chen Ping in mid-air!
Only to see Chen Ping’s body emitting a brilliant golden light!
Even the skin of his body had become a golden colour!
“It’s done so quickly?”
Yun Li said with some surprise!
This Body Refining Divine Scroll was their Divine Race’s secret art, and all the people of the Divine Race were practising it, some even for hundreds or thousands of years!
Yun Li himself had been cultivating for I don’t know how many years, but he had never seen anyone who cultivated so quickly as Chen Ping!
The Divine Race all considered themselves to be gifted, but even so, no Divine Race cultivator had ever cultivated this Body Refining Divine Scroll so quickly!
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body was becoming more and more dazzling, without unleashing the Unbreakable Golden Body, it was unheard of for a mere physical body to be able to emit golden light!
“Mr Chen, truly a man of God ……”
Xiao Yuanshan’s eyes were glowing at the moment, filled with admiration!
Chen Ping’s strength was a sign that their Xiao Imperial Dynasty was getting stronger and stronger, Xiao Yuanshan was very fortunate at this moment that he was able to befriend Chen Ping and bring such a great chance to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!