Long Xingxu led Chen Ping and the others to the backyard, which was originally where the Martial Alliance dungeon was located, except that after the Martial Alliance was destroyed by Chen Ping, there was no longer a dungeon here!
Chen Ping glanced at Zhou Jie, while Zhou Jie slowly raised her hands, as if she was fumbling for something!
Soon, her palms stopped in mid-air, followed by a flash of light from the palms of her hands!
“Miss Zhou, is this the entrance to the secret realm?”
Chen Ping saw that Zhou Jie was not moving, so he asked.
Zhou Jie nodded, “Yes, the entrance to the secret realm is right here, and I can be sure that it is the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect, because the aura at the entrance follows our Demon Spirit Sect very similarly!”
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he became excited, “Then let’s open it quickly ……”
Upon hearing this, the light in Zhou Jie’s palm flickered even brighter, and he began to recite words under his breath, as if he was chanting an incantation!
Immediately afterwards a black hole unexpectedly appeared in the void, followed by the black hole getting bigger and bigger.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s eyes shone with excitement and he couldn’t wait to leap towards the black hole!
Buzz …………
Just as Chen Ping was about to pa*s through that black hole, his body suddenly seemed to be hit by a huge force and bounced straight out!
Chen Ping looked at Zhou Jie with a surprised face, and at that moment, Zhou Jie also frowned and said, “This Demon Heart Sect secret realm is similar to ours though, except that they have added an extra spell, like a door that they have added an extra lock to.”
“Although I can open a lock, but the extra lock that was added, I have no way to open it ……”
Zhou Jie followed Chen Ping and explained!
As Chen Ping listened, he also frowned, it was obvious that the Demon Heart Sect had already been on guard and knew that Chen Ping would definitely use his relationship with the Demon Spirit Sect to open their secret realm, so they had added an extra spell to the entrance of the secret realm!
Looking at the secret realm that was close at hand, Chen Ping knew that Su Yuqi was now inside it, and could no longer suppress the rage within him!
The aura on Chen Ping’s body began to rise wildly as golden light exploded above his two fists!
“Chen Ping …………”
But at this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes began to fill with blood and turned scarlet!
“Give me a break …………”
Chen Ping threw a fist, ruthlessly blasting out towards the entrance of the secret realm!
This fist instantly broke through the void, resounding with a sound of breaking air!
A rumble like an explosive thunderclap resounded throughout Kyoto!
This punch of Chen Ping’s was probably capable of flattening a mountain!
But strangely enough, Chen Ping’s punch hit the black hole at the entrance to the secret realm, but it did not make a single ripple at all, and the incredibly powerful punching wind disappeared in an instant, as if it was swallowed by the black hole!
Seeing this, Chen Ping threw another punch, each one a little more powerful!
After a dozen punches in a row, Chen Ping’s forehead was already covered in sweat, but the entrance to the secret realm in front of him had not changed in the slightest!
Chen Ping panted heavily as he looked helplessly at the entrance to the Secret Realm in front of him!
“Mr. Chen, it’s useless, you won’t be able to break through this Secret Realm entrance at all even if you use more power.”
“Because this secret realm entrance isn’t something substantial, it’s like a crack in space-time, so your power can’t do any damage at all!”
Zhou Jie advised Chen Ping.
“Then what should we do? What to do? Should we just watch Yu Qi suffer inside?”
Chen Ping was a little broken!
Even though he was now a fifth grade Martial Saint, he was still unable to do anything in the face of the secret realm!
At this moment, Chen Ping was Avray devastated, and the confidence he had felt at the beginning had long since disappeared!
“Mr. Chen, there is not no way to open the secret realm, except that ……”
Zhou Jie wanted to say, but then said.