Chen Ping swept a glance and found that all of these people were at the seventh or eighth level of the Ferrying Realm, and their strength was not weak!
“Fellow Daoist Lu, you guys don’t go to the mountains to look for treasures, what are you looking for Fellow Daoist Chen for?”
At this moment, Nie Lei stepped forward and said to the grey-robed pharmacist!
“Nie Lei, Nie Hong, you two siblings are even here.”
“I advise you two to mind your own business, we are only looking for this Chen Ping, and have nothing to do with you siblings.”
The grey-robed pharmacist said!
“You guys want that Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings?”
Chen Ping asked!
“That’s right, as long as we kill you, we will be able to get the one hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, these resources are enough for our brothers to cultivate for a hundred years.”
The grey-clothed pharmacist said!
“Hmph, just by the virtue of a few of you, you also want to kill me and get a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, how ridiculous!”
Chen Ping said with a face full of disdain!
“You a Transition Realm 6th Grade Cultivator, you also dare to talk big, I don’t think our brothers are still not your opponents!”
The grey-clothed pill master drew out a long sword!
The others also flashed their weapons, ready to strike at Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan all took up positions!
That brother and sister, Nie Lei and Nie Hong, also blocked in front of Chen Ping!
“If you two siblings don’t roll, do you also want to seek death?”
The grey-robed pharmacist frowned and said!
“Since we chose to follow Fellow Daoist Chen, it’s impossible for us to sit back and do nothing.”
Nie Lei said!
“Fine, then you’ll all die together today!”
After the grey-robed pill master finished speaking, he intended to make his move!
“All of you get out of the way, a few small cultivators of the Ferrying Realm, I can handle it myself!”
Chen Ping told Liu Ruyan and the rest of them to get out of the way!
A minor cultivator of the seventh or eighth level of the Transitional Appearance Realm, Chen Ping was not yet in his sights!
When Nie Lei and Nie Hong saw Chen Ping belittling the Transitional Apparition Realm cultivators so much, they couldn’t help but look ugly!
Chen Ping was only at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, but he had even said such words that belittled Transition Realm cultivators!
“Mr Chen, then pay more attention and don’t splash blood all over ……”
Nie Heng admonished Chen Ping, then ducked aside!
Seeing this, Ruyan Liu also left!
With the strength of the two of them, even if they helped, they wouldn’t be able to help much, and there was the possibility of distracting Chen Ping!
They were sort of aware of Chen Ping’s strength, a few cultivators of the 7th or 8th grade of the Transition Realm couldn’t kill Chen Ping!
However, when the two siblings, Nie Lei and Nie Hong, saw the situation, they appeared to be at a loss for words!
“Brother Nie, you siblings come over as well, just let Mr Chen deal with it alone.”
Nie Heng said as he waved towards Nie Lei’s siblings!
Because they were both surnamed Nie, Nie Heng was very close to the siblings!
Nie Lei and Nie Hong saw this, then slowly retreated to the side as well!
The grey-clothed pharmacist saw that they had all dodged away, and his body’s aura instantly filled the air, while the rest of the others also had amorous auras and wild winds that hunted!
“Kid, you can only blame you for being too valuable, don’t blame us ……”
The grey-clothed pharmacist took the lead in striking out towards Chen Ping!
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, surprisingly, he did not dodge, nor did he take out his weapon, instead, a faint golden light began to emanate around his body!
Seeing this, the other few guys all made their moves together and rushed towards Chen Ping!
Right after a few guys got close to Chen Ping, Chen Ping’s body seemed to explode!
Boom!
Suddenly, from Chen Ping’s body, a heavenly fire emerged, a red flame that shot up into the sky!
The few guys who were caught off guard were instantly set ablaze by the supreme fire on their bodies!
“Ah…………”
“Fire, fire ……”
“Burn me to death ……”
Several guys had flames burning on their bodies, desperately rolling on the ground, but the flames were simply not extinguished!
Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng weren’t surprised!
However, that Nie Lei and Nie Hong siblings were filled with shock as they looked at the scene in front of them!
Several cultivators of the seventh or eighth rank of the Transition Realm, each one of them no worse than the two siblings, were now engulfed by the sudden eruption of supreme fire without even touching a single hair on Chen Ping’s head!
Terrifying, simply too terrifying ……