Meng He put all the blame on Zhu Zhu at this point, he thought Zhu Zhu hadn’t poisoned Chen Ping at all, otherwise Chen Ping wouldn’t have behaved like this today!
Zhu Zhu fell to the ground and looked at Meng He incredulously, she couldn’t believe it, yesterday Meng He was lingering with her, saying that he loved her!
After pushing Zhu Zhu away, Meng He turned around and left, without the slightest trace of love for Zhu Zhu Zhu!
Looking at Meng He’s heartless look, Zhu Zhu burst into tears, followed by a look of indignation in her eyes!
She got up and rushed towards Meng He, and then hugged Meng He’s thighs to death!
“You can’t leave, tell me clearly, are you going to kick me after you’ve played me?”
“You gave me poison to poison my master, and now you don’t want me?”
“If it wasn’t for me, would you have won the third match?”
“How can you be so cruel?”
Zhu Zhu yelled as she hugged Meng He like crazy!
When Meng He heard this, his face turned pale with fear and said “What are you talking about? When did I ask you to poison me, don’t spit out blood!”
As Meng He said this, he was about to slap Zhu Zhu’s head with his palm, without any regard for the fish and water relationship between the two of them!
You know, cheating at the Pill Master’s Meeting in Jialing County would have serious consequences!
Meng He would have killed Zhu Zhu in public, but he couldn’t let her tell!
But just as Meng He was about to kill Zhu Zhu, Suo Xingyue suddenly stepped in and stopped Meng He!
“Meng He, how dare you kill in front of so many people, now you tell me clearly, or you won’t be able to leave!”
Suo Xing Yue looked at Meng He viciously and said!
“What did I say? I didn’t do anything, it’s all your disciple’s blood spitting.”
“She was the one who took the initiative to seduce me, and I don’t see her, so is your Danyang Sect going to forcefully marry her?”
Meng He was still talking tough!
The first time I saw Meng He’s face, my heart was already ashes, and I cried out in pain, “Master, I’m sorry.
“Just now you were delirious and made wrong judgments because the poison had eroded your divine consciousness!”
“He promised to take me on a double date as long as I did this for him ……”
Zhu Zhu told the whole story!
When the crowd heard this, they all looked at Meng He with contempt and pointed their fingers at him!
It wasn’t terrible for the Pill Master’s Guild to lose, after all, there were levels of strength, but to use such despicable means to win a competition, that was shameful!
“Meng He, you still dare to use despicable means to cheat at the Pill Master meeting, damn you ……”
Upon hearing this, the old man leapt up in his body and landed in front of Meng He!
Meng He looked at the old man in front of him, and then at the angry gaze of Suo Xing Yue and the rest of them, cold sweat instantly ran down his forehead!
“I didn’t, it’s all because she framed me, I didn’t even let her do it, I was wrongly accused.”
Meng He desperately shook his head and explained!
“Whether you were wrongly accused or not, one search will tell you, you must still have that poison on you!”
Chen Ping spoke up at that moment!
“Yes, search him!”
The Third Elder said!
Suo Xingyue stepped forward and prepared to search Meng He’s body, but Meng He had a cold flash in his eyes, followed by waving out a white mist, and his whole body instantly disappeared into the distance!
“Humph, still want to escape?”
The old man snorted coldly, and with a wave of his sleeve, Meng He, who had originally disappeared, suddenly let out a miserable scream, followed by an instant explosion of his entire body, turning into a mist of blood!
They knew that they had to abide by the rules of Jialing County, and if they dared to break them, this was the end of them!
Zhu Zhu looked at Meng He’s tragic death, his face could not see what expression, and then kneeled in front of Suo Xingyue and said “Master, I know that I am wrong, I beg Master’s forgiveness ……”