This guest secretary shook his head as he spoke, an incredulous expression on his face.
Bai Cheng said helplessly, “What I said is true, if you don’t believe me, I can bring that Mr Chen personally.
However, we have to get the general to issue an amnesty order to do so, after all, he is still locked up within the dungeon.”
His tone revealed a hint of helplessness and aggression, he knew that without an amnesty order, it would be impossible to bring Mr Chen out of the dungeon.
“Bai Cheng, I think you just want the general to give you an amnesty order so that you can save the person you want to save yourself, right?”
Another person questioned Bai Cheng’s motives. This person’s gaze revealed a hint of suspicion as he looked straight at Bai Cheng, as if he wanted to see through his mind.
“I didn’t, I will really bring Mr Chen here and let you all see!”Bai Cheng roared out loudly to express his sincerity and the truthfulness of what he said.
His voice echoed in the hall with a hint of determination and firmness.
It was just that what he said was indeed too bizarre, so it was no wonder that the crowd did not quite believe it.
“Alright, stop arguing ……”
General Xing frowned and said with a very ugly face, “You are all my guest ministers, you should be united as one, how can you fight amongst yourselves here? Right now, the other two generals are secretly cultivating their forces, wanting to kick us out, if we don’t unite, we’ll be waiting to be kicked out of the Beast City and stranded in the middle of nowhere!”
General Xing’s words were like a heavy hammer that woke up the crowd, and everyone instantly closed their mouths, a hint of worry on their faces.
They knew deep down that in this Beast City, if they lost General Xing’s shelter, their days would not be easy.
“Bai Cheng, this is the amnesty order, you can take it and bring it to the people tomorrow, I also want to see what kind of god this Dragon Race cultivator is. A Transition Realm 9th rank realm is able to defeat you, a Mahayana Realm 4th rank cultivator, this kind of genius I have never seen before.”
After General Xing finished speaking, he directly threw out a white light, and as soon as Bai Cheng reached out and grabbed it, a small token appeared in his palm.
The token emitted a soft glow and had some mysterious runes engraved on it, this was the amnesty order, which possessed the power to release prisoners in the Beast City’s dungeon.
Seeing the amnesty token in hand, Bai Cheng immediately assured, “I will definitely bring Mr Chen tomorrow ……”
He held the amnesty order tightly, as if he was holding his hope, and secretly vowed in his heart that he would make sure that the crowd believed what he said.
On the second day, just as the sky had dawned, Bai Cheng hurriedly arrived at the Beast City Prison with the amnesty order in hand.
His pace was hurried and his eyes revealed a hint of eagerness, bent on bringing Mr Chen out of the large prison as soon as possible.
He had just entered the large prison when he was stopped by Captain Zhou.
Captain Zhou said with a displeased look on his face, “Bai Cheng, you are only responsible for bringing people to guard the ancient tree, you have no qualifications to enter the cell!”
Captain Zhou clasped his hands to his chest and stood in front of Bai Cheng, blocking his way, a hint of vigilance revealed in his eyes.
Bai Cheng hurriedly explained, “Captain Zhou, I was ordered by General Xing to come here to release a prisoner.”
“To release a prisoner, you need an amnesty order, do you have an amnesty order?”Captain Zhou asked.
He did not immediately take the amnesty order, but instead looked at Bai Cheng with a critical gaze, as if he was judging the truth of his words.
“Of course!”Bai Cheng said and directly took out the amnesty order. The amnesty order was emitting a faint glow in his hand, making it particularly eye-catching.
When Captain Zhou saw the amnesty order, his brows frowned slightly, and although his heart was not willing to do so, he still dodged his body out of the way.
After all, the amnesty order was recognised by the entire Beast City, the three Beast Generals had the power to issue it, and he could not stop it.
This was also the reason why Qiu Yu dared to make a move to cause trouble before and was not afraid of going to jail, his father as one of the Beast Generals, even if he was caught and jailed, an amnesty order would be able to release him.