King Li’s speed was fast and without the slightest sign!
This time, it scared Yi He and Gao Qilan and the girls on the city floor!
“Mr Chen ……”
“Chen Ping ……”
Yi He and Gao Qilan all leapt up and jumped down from the city tower, ready to help Chen Ping!
It was important to know that the strength of that Knight King had already reached the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, which was a bit higher than Ichor!
Chen Ping was only at the eighth rank of the Harmonisation Realm right now, and even if he could cross over the ranks, he was afraid that it would still be difficult to fight against a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transition Realm!
“None of you should make a move ……”
Chen Ping’s face was surprisingly not the slightest bit flustered in the face of the Lich King’s attack, and he directly said to Yi He and the others!
If he didn’t have the Divine King’s Bow before, it would still be a little difficult for Chen Ping to fight the fourth ranked cultivators of the Transition Realm alone, but now that he had the Divine King’s Bow, his heart was filled with confidence!
Yi He and the others were stunned, but since Chen Ping was not allowed to make a move, they could only stand aside and watch!
“Kid, you are too crazy ……”
The Knight King saw that Chen Ping, a Harmonisation Realm 8th Grade only, was not allowing others to help, this was clearly looking down on himself ah!
Only to see the Li King’s body expanding in mid-air, finally turning into a giant over three metres tall, and his fist also becoming huge!
This fist came through the air, heaven and earth stirred up, like a tsunami of power erupted out, and the beast power within the Knight King’s body also boiled with this punch of his!
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand, then with a cold shout, he also leapt up and swung his fist out towards the Knight King.
Chen Ping’s body looked very thin and weak in front of the giant-like Knight King, but Chen Ping did not have the slightest fear!
The Divine King Bow was his backbone!
Chen Ping had long known that the reason why that Li King exchanged that Divine King Bow was because he could not pull the Divine King Bow at all, and also guessed that he could not pull it!
Chen Ping wanted to take advantage of this, and at the last moment, unexpectedly use the Divine King Bow to kill the Li King!
As long as the King of Li died, the Ming Li King City’s army would not be broken!
Boom …………
With an explosive sound, Chen Ping’s fist finally collided together following the Knight King’s fist!
The loud explosion caused the faces of the crowd to change, and in just an instant, an invisible breath aftershock began to spread rapidly!
“Retreat, quickly step back …………”
Seeing this, Yi He shouted!
Many people began to desperately retreat backwards!
But there were still some generals who retreated backwards too slowly, spitting blood from their mouths and being shaken out!
Buzzing …………
Chen Ping’s fist was on top of that Li King’s fist, and the disparity in the two people’s stature made Chen Ping look too weak to stand up to the wind!
But it was the Chen Ping who looked too weak to fight, but he directly blocked that Knight King’s punch!
Only to see the two people’s bodies suspended in mid-air, two terrifying forces emanating outwards non-stop from within their fists, causing the space around the two of them to begin to distort!
“Kid, no wonder you were able to defeat Elder Qi, it seems like you really do have some strength!”
Seeing that his punch was actually blocked by Chen Ping, King Li’s face wore a slight look of surprise, but his eyes were filled with condescension!
Even if Chen Ping was able to cross over, after all, he was only a Harmonisation Realm 8th Grade cultivator, King Knight simply didn’t believe that Chen Ping would be able to defeat himself with his Harmonisation Realm 8th Grade realm!
Moreover, there was one more thing that the Knight King had immense confidence in his heart, and that was a strong physique!
It was important to know that their Beast Race was born with a strength that was incomparable to the Human Race, and it was also the purest physical strength!
The Li King didn’t even know that the strength he was confident in was what Chen Ping lacked the most!
If it was purely compared to physical strength, Chen Ping could beat him up and call him grandpa!
Chen Ping is a dragon, and also a golden dragon, pure physical strength, can there be anything that can compare to him?