“Young Master Ning ……”
Dong Liqun walked up to Ning Zhi and shouted respectfully.
Chen Ping, who saw this scene, had eyes filled with incredulity.
Anyways, the Dong family and the Ning family were both equal as the great families of Kyoto.
Moreover, Dong Liqun’s seniority was higher than Ning Zhi’s, so he shouldn’t be treating Ning Zhi with such respect.
“You go and kill that Chen Ping, remember to leave his body whole, he still has something I want on him!”
Ning Zhi ordered as he turned to Dong Liqun.
Dong Liqun froze and slowly looked at Chen Ping, a somewhat complicated expression on his face.
“What? You want to disobey my order?”
Ning Zhi saw Dong Liqun hesitate and his face turned cold, “Don’t forget your current status.”
Ning Zhi’s words were dripping with arrogance, all he needed now was to show his power in front of the many clans and families.
If the Dong family, who was a powerful family in Kyoto, was so obedient, then how could the other families dare to disobey.
Anger was rising in Dong Liqun’s heart, but because Dong Jiahao was in Ning Zhi’s hands, Dong Liqun did not dare to say anything and could only hold his tongue.
“I dare not!”
Dong Liqun acted very submissively, and after he finished speaking, he slowly walked towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with surprise as he looked at Dong Liqun.
He could not believe that the Dong family head, would submit to a junior like Ning Zhi.
“Chen Ping, don’t blame me, I had no choice but to do so!”
“When you go to hell, I will burn some paper money for you.”
As Dong Liqun finished speaking, his aura erupted from his body!
The aura of a Martial Marquis bursting out was not something that those Martial Zongs could compare to.
Feeling the aura on Dong Liqun’s body, Chen Ping’s heart sank!
He knew that he would not be able to escape from his fate.
If he had not been seriously injured, he might have been able to follow Dong Liqun in a battle.
After all, Chen Ping’s strength had increased by tens of times.
But now, not to mention Martial Marquis, even if an ordinary Patriarch came, he would be able to kill Chen Ping.
Looking at Dong Liqun in front of him, Chen Ping slowly closed his eyes and waited for death to come!
Dong Liqun slowly raised his palm, he did not want to strike because he knew that after he killed Chen Ping, if Dong Jiahao knew about it, he would never forgive him for the rest of his life.
But if he didn’t strike, then Ning Zhi would definitely not let his son go, and Dong Liqun had no choice.
He had never imagined that he would be reduced to this state.
This was perhaps the retribution that the heavens had given him!
“Chen Ping, do you have any last words?”
Dong Liqun raised his palm, not dropping it for a long time, and said to Chen Ping.
“Do it ……”
Chen Ping did not open his eyes, his last words or not, there was no longer any meaning.
“Do it quickly ……”
Ning Zhi frowned and roared.
Dong Liqun had no choice but to flash a faint white mist above his palm, followed by a slap towards Chen Ping’s head.
A whistling strong wind rang out in Chen Ping’s ears.
Chen Ping knew that he was going to die soon.
But just as Dong Liqun’s palm was about to slap Chen Ping’s head, a sudden wave of unquestionably powerful Qi struck him.
Chen Ping opened his eyes, only to find Dong Liqun in front of him, like a kite with a broken string, flying straight backwards.
At this moment, everyone’s eyes widened in shock.
One must know that Dong Liqun was a Martial Marquis.
A Martial Marquis had been knocked back so easily.
“Who is it? Get out?”
Ning Zhi roared with an ugly look on his face.
“Is the martial world now so rampant? Not putting our officials in their sights at all anymore!”
Slowly, Mr Shi walked out, followed by Zhao Wuji behind him.
Seeing that it was Mr. Shi who had arrived, so all the people were startled.
“I didn’t know it was Mr. Shi who had arrived, please forgive me ……”
Ning Zhi was in a frenzy, but in front of Mr. Shi, he didn’t dare to have the slightest temper.
Hastily lowering his posture, he said.
“Mr. Shi ……”
The heads of those clan families all shouted respectfully.
What clan families, in front of the official, were nothing.