Fan Jiang ordered someone to place the Blood Demon’s fleshly body in the middle of the formation platform, and then took out and looked at Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, we still need a few drops of your essence blood to be dripped onto that corpse, so that you can control him when the time comes!”
Chen Ping nodded and leapt up to land on top of the formation platform, followed by forcing out a few drops of essence blood from his brow and dropping it on top of that blood demon’s flesh!
When the drops of essence blood fell onto that Blood Demon’s flesh, they were instantly absorbed into the body!
And as if stimulated, the corpse of that Blood Demon unexpectedly began to wriggle!
Chen Ping looked at Fan Jiang with a surprised expression!
Fan Jiang leapt to the top of the formation platform and said to Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, during my refining of the puppet corpse, no one must disturb it, or else it will be a lost cause.”
“Don’t worry, I will personally stand guard here, but how many days will it take you to refine the puppet corpse?”
Chen Ping asked.
He couldn’t endlessly guard Fan Jiang, if Fan Jiang lied and couldn’t refine it at all, then wouldn’t Chen Ping and the others have to be here all the time to guard it.
Fan Jiang looked up at the sky, then said, “The refining can be completed before nightfall ……”
“It can!”Chen Ping nodded and leapt down from the top of the formation platform.
Soon after, Fan Jiang slowly raised his hands and recited words under his breath, a weird power continuously emerged from the ground, and then these powers converged on top of that Blood Demon’s corpse!
Chen Ping as well as Hu Ma Zi and the others waited quietly at the side, protecting Fan Jiang!
Time passed by minute by minute!
The sky was about to darken, but Fan Jiang did not move, and the corpse of the blood demon did not move.
However, a strange power was still coming out from the ground!
Chen Ping’s face showed a look of anxiety, but he could only wait!
Right at this moment, suddenly a sound of fighting came from outside, and it was accompanied by two terrifying auras that were coming in the direction of the forbidden land.
Chen Ping’s face changed, “Someone is coming?”
“The aura is not weak, the realm of a great martial marquis ……”
Hu Ma Zi also frowned and said.
Chen Ping glanced at Fan Jiang on the formation stage, then said to Ge Yu Han, “Yu Han, you guard here, don’t let anyone get close, I will go out with Master Hu to take a look ……”
Ge Yu Han nodded, then Chen Ping brought Hu Ma Zi and quickly rushed out of the forbidden land!
Just after rushing out, he ran into the panicked Du Nan!
“What’s going on?”
Chen Ping asked as he stopped Du Nan.
“Mr Chen, it’s not good, there are two people who broke into the palace and are coming straight to the forbidden land, my people can’t stop them ……”
Du Nan said anxiously.
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately greeted them.
However, the closer the distance, the more ugly Chen Ping’s face became, because he could clearly sense that the other party were all at the late stage of the Great Martial Marquis.ŴŴŴŴŴŴŴŴŴ.
With this kind of strength, Chen Ping was not sure, if both of the opponents were at the late stage of Great Martial Marquis, then Chen Ping would not be able to block them at all!
Regardless of whether they could be blocked or not, Chen Ping always had to stop them and could not let them rush into the forbidden land!
Hu Ma Zi’s face was also full of gravity at this moment, holding yellow paper in his hand, constantly drawing talismans!
When Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi rushed inside the hall, they found that the ground was covered with corpses while a man and a woman covered in blood were walking towards the back of the palace!
“Stop, who are you people? Why are you breaking into the palace and killing people indiscriminately?”
Chen Ping stopped the two men in front of him!
The man just glanced at Chen Ping and then said in a cold voice, “If you don’t want to die, get out of the way ……”
After saying that, the man and the woman even ignored Chen Ping and walked straight towards the forbidden land at ease!
Seeing this, Chen Ping slammed his fist over, blocking the path of the two men!
And the man then followed suit with a punch.
Boom …………
With a loud bang, Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards, followed by his arms trembling slightly.