Once Zeng Nian An heard that the other party had come to challenge and was a friend of the man in the mountain cave, that was why he didn’t get angry!
After all, right now, the person in the mountain cave was the one who had the most hope of bringing out their gongfu intensively!
As for Chen Ping, when he heard that Qi Peijia had actually come with someone to challenge the Heavenly Demon Sect, he couldn’t help but frown, he couldn’t guess what kind of person it was, who had entered inside the mountain cave!
“Chen Ping, do you think that no one will be able to recognise you after changing your appearance?”
Qi Peijia asked as he looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile!
“Chen Ping?”
Zeng Nianan froze!
When Patriarch Jiang heard this, he instantly looked at Qi Peijia with caution!
“Is that the same Chen Ping who was given a kill order by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings?”
At this moment, that elder of the Heavenly Demon Sect asked in shock!
“Not bad, it’s exactly him, he changed his appearance, probably because he was afraid that someone would recognise him.”
Qi Peijia said with a smile!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s figure shook slightly and changed back to his appearance!
Since he had already been recognised, there was no longer any point in disguising his appearance!
Looking at Chen Ping in front of him, that Zeng Nian An’s eyes suddenly became a little fiery!
Seeing this, Patriarch Jiang hurriedly said to Zeng Nian An “Sect Master Zeng, this Mr Chen is my saviour, so I don’t want anyone to make a move against him.”
Patriarch Jiang was warning Zeng Nian’an that if he made a move against Chen Ping for the sake of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offering, he would definitely not stand by and watch!
Seeing Patriarch Jiang say this, Zeng Nian’an smiled awkwardly and said “Patriarch Jiang, since it’s your friend, I definitely won’t make a move, but if someone else makes a move, I, the Heavenly Demon Sect, won’t intervene either.”
After Zeng Nian An finished speaking, he directly retreated towards his back, he could see that this Qi Peijia would definitely make a move against Chen Ping!
Qi Peijia’s strength of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm was definitely more than enough to deal with Chen Ping, and they, the Heavenly Demon Sect, would definitely not intervene!
What’s more, Qi Peijia’s friend was in the mountain cave, and was about to succeed in taking out their Heavenly Demon Sect’s technique intensively, so it was even more unlikely that Zeng Nian’an would help Chen Ping deal with Qi Peijia!
Seeing Zeng Nian An say so, Patriarch Jiang’s face became very ugly, if the Heavenly Demon Sect did not intervene to help, how could the few of them be a match for Qi Peijia, the other party was a great cultivator of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm!
Although Chen Ping could kill four Transitional Apparition Realm Sixth Grade cultivators, he was afraid that he would not have the slightest chance of winning against a Transitional Apparition Realm Eighth Grade cultivator!
At a realm like the Transitional Apparition Realm, the strength of even a small realm crossing was a cliff-like increase!
There weren’t many people who followed Chen Ping’s lead and crossed over several levels, after all, this was a very small number of people!
“Patriarch Jiang, all of you step back, this is between me and him, you should not interfere!”
Chen Ping said to Patriarch Jiang!
Chen Ping knew that even if Patriarch Jiang and the others were to intervene, they would not be able to be a match for Qi Peijia, and would add their lives for nothing!
Chen Ping himself faced Qi Peijia, even if there was no possibility of winning, but he could escape, the big deal was that he did not want this Heavenly Demon Stone!
Now Chen Ping is able to activate the time artifact of the clock, and the fire step has also achieved a certain level of success, if he really can’t beat Qi Peijia, it is still not difficult for Chen Ping to escape!
But if Patriarch Jiang and the others also got involved, Chen Ping still had to ensure their safety, it would be difficult to let go!
“Mr Chen, you …………”
Patriarch Jiang wanted to say something, but was pulled backwards by Ochre Yan as he said “Patriarch Jiang, Mr Chen has his own measure, we’d better not add to his chaos!”
In fact, Ochre Yan was also worried about Chen Ping, he knew that Chen Ping couldn’t beat this Qi Peijia, but at this time, even if they helped, it would be useless and also add burden to Chen Ping for nothing!
Patriarch Jiang and the others also retreated backwards, leaving Chen Ping to follow that Qi Peijia in all directions!