After hearing Leng Yun’s words, Liu Rui then realised that the many rooms on both sides of the tunnel should have been used to entertain guests at that time.
It was a kind of defence to prevent people from having bad intentions towards the clan!
“This is the real Water Fairy Palace, what we have just encountered is just an appetizer, the real danger is still ahead!”
Old Liu looked at the heavy stone door and said with some emotion.
Chen Ping also knew that the real danger was inside this Water Fairy Palace, and that the spell we just encountered in the main hall was only a small warning!
“Go and open the door ……”
At this moment, Tong Youcai waved his hand and commanded two disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect to push the stone door open!
“Don’t push it, there’s something weird about this stone door ……”
Chen Ping opened his mouth to stop them!
“Hmph, it’s just a stone door, what’s odd about it? Do you want to push it open yourself and then there will be some treasure inside and you can distribute it again, saying that you pushed the stone door open?”
“Don’t play that little mind of yours in front of my face ……”
Tong Youcai coldly snorted, then said to the two Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples, “Go and push it open, don’t mind him!”
The two Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples went to the stone door, looked at the heavy stone door and pushed it up with great effort!
It should have been easy for two half-step Martial Gods to push the stone door open, but with all their strength, the door didn’t move at all!
“Rubbish, can’t even push open a stone door?”
Seeing this, Tong Youcai cursed loudly and angrily!
“Tong Youcai, are your Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples out of lunch? Why don’t you let my men push it open?”
Leng Yun asked as he looked at Tong Youcai with a smirk.
Feeling humiliated, Tong Youcai could only yell at the two Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples, “If you can’t open the stone door, you can all die as a thank you for your sins, disgraceful things ……”
The two Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples, upon hearing this, could only exert all their energy in their bodies, one by one, into the stone door, and at that moment a light pattern suddenly flashed on the stone door.
It was obvious that the stone door had been laid down with a formation, which made it so heavy that it did not move at all!
Buzz …………
Suddenly, two blue flames rose up as the two Tian Lei disciples were pushing hard against the stone door, but their bodies burst into flames!
“Ahh ……”
“Ahh …………”
The two Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples started to scream as they saw their bodies on fire, and kept flapping at the flames, but the more they flapped, the more violent the flames became!
Seeing this, Tong Youcai rushed forward to ask his men to extinguish the fire, and several masters of the Heavenly Thunder Sect chanted their spells.
But no matter what, the blue flames would not go out, and only after the two disciples had been burnt to ashes did the flames gradually disappear!
Looking at the marks on the ground, Tong Youcai’s eyes were filled with anger, he hadn’t even entered the Water Fairy Palace yet, and he had lost several of his men!
“Just now, Mr. Chen was kind enough to remind him, but he turned a deaf ear to it, and now he’s been burned to death ……”
Liu Rui said gleefully.
The two of his men might not have died if he had listened to Chen Ping’s advice!
“This stone door is even decorated with a formation, it seems that this Water Fairy Palace is really something!”
Leng Yun said with a sigh of relief as he looked at the array on the stone door.
“You guys should study it and break the formation ……”
Tong Youcai commanded several masters from the Tian Lei Sect to break the array on the stone gate!
After all, it was Chen Ping who broke the front side of the gate, which had already made them lose face!
Now, if the Heavenly Thunder Sect broke the stone gate, they would be able to regain some face, and Tong Youcai would have a say in the distribution of the treasures after they enter!