Right at this moment, accompanied by a buzzing sound!
A light filled the Pill Cauldron Mountain, and the crowd instantly felt a sense of refreshment!
“Alright, all of you may enter the Pill Cauldron Mountain, but remember, after three days, the Pill Cauldron Mountain will be covered by white mist once again.”
“If you guys don’t make it out within three days, you’ll be swallowed up by that white mist and buried in the Pill Cauldron Mountain.”
Ouyang Xing reminded the crowd!
However, many people had long since disregarded Ouyang Xing’s reminder and rose up in the air, rushing into the Pill Cauldron Mountain without looking back one by one!
They always thought that the first to enter would definitely be able to get the good stuff!
Seeing the many cultivators rushing into the Pill Cauldron Mountain without a care in the world, Ouyang Xing sighed lightly and shook his head!
He was giving good advice, but no one listened!
Su Tianshuo didn’t dare to delay too much and immediately led the people to rush into the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
As for dealing with Chen Ping, being at the Pill Cauldron Mountain was the best opportunity!
If they killed Chen Ping at that time, no one would know who did it, after all, the Pill Cauldron Mountain had rushed in with so many people!
They could have taken advantage of the chaos to make a move against Chen Ping!
Zhou Qian and Zhen Yuandao glanced at each other and also brought their respective clansmen into the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I’ll go ahead, if you encounter any danger, feel free to contact me!”
Chen Wenliang also led the people from the Central Region Apothecary Guild and rushed into the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
These Pill Masters scrambled to be the first, afraid of falling behind others!
In the eyes of these people, the Pill Cauldron Mountain was a huge treasure!
“Mr Chen, let’s hurry and go in as well!”
Nie Heng saw that Chen Ping was surprisingly not moving yet and was in no hurry, so he urged!
“There’s no rush!”Chen Ping looked above the high platform!
He noticed that this time, it seemed like none of the Ouyang Family had entered the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
Not only did they not enter, the way that Ouyang Xing just sighed and shook his head was also captured by Chen Ping!
Chen Ping felt that this Pill Master Conference was by no means simple!
And this Pill God Island should not be so kind, perhaps this so-called Pill God Fallen Place was a trick, a conspiracy!
Chen Ping leapt onto the high platform, he wanted to question that Ouyang Xing face to face!
If this was a conspiracy, Chen Ping was going to uncover this conspiracy!
But Chen Ping did not know that there was indeed a great conspiracy in this Apothecary Conference, only it was not planned by Ouyang Xing!
Ouyang Xing saw that Chen Ping was not in a hurry to enter the Pill Cauldron Mountain, but instead mounted the high platform and came towards himself, so he appeared to have a surprise!
To be able to have Chen Ping not lose his ability to think under the temptation of such great benefits from the Pill Tripod Mountain was indeed not simple!
“Father, this one is called Chen Ping, the one who healed Emperor Xiao and received his appreciation!”
Seeing Chen Ping coming towards this side, Ouyang Wufeng hurriedly said!
“Oh, so it’s this young man, looks like he has a great future ahead of him!”
Ouyang Xing instantly became interested in Chen Ping!
Chen Ping walked straight to Ouyang Hsing, with Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng following close behind!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, aren’t you in a hurry to enter the Pill Cauldron Mountain?”
Ouyang Wu Feng curiously asked Chen Ping!
After all, with Chen Ping’s strength and medical skills, there was no problem entering the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
“I am going to enter, only before I do, I need to ask a few questions to Daoist Master Ouyang!”
Chen Ping said!
“Ask me what? If I know, I will definitely tell you everything!”
Ouyang Xing said admiringly to Chen Ping!
“Island Master Ouyang, you went through all the trouble of inviting the Apothecary Conference to Pill God Island to hold it, while your Ouyang Family did not send a single person to Pill Cauldron Mountain, why is that?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Because this Pill Cauldron Mountain, we have explored it many times and have lost quite a few people, and although we have gained but have not obtained the Pill God’s inheritance, so we will not send anyone in this time.”
Ouyang Xing explained!
“Just because of this?”Chen Ping’s eyes stared slightly, obviously not quite believing it!