As soon as they heard that Teng Chenglin even wanted to meddle in other families’ properties, someone was not happy!
“Who are you? You still want to meddle in other families’ properties?”
A tall, thin, middle-aged man hurled insults and accusations at Teng Chenglin!
But just as the words fell, I saw Teng Chenglin leap and arrive in front of that tall and thin middle-aged man.
Poof!
Without the slightest hesitation, Teng Chenglin actually pierced through that man’s chest in an instant, gouging out the bloody human heart hard!
Looking at this bloody scene, the crowd was so frightened that they didn’t dare to breathe.
Seeing the crowd’s performance, Teng Chenglin’s face wore a bit of a scowl and arrogance.
“Whoever dares to say more, this is the downfall ……”
Teng Chenglin held up his bright red human heart and shouted!
At this moment, that Shen Mengchen’s face became very ugly, while Bai Zhantang was tightly protecting Shen Mengchen and looking at Teng Chenglin coldly!
“Teng Chenglin, I’m telling you, you don’t want to take over the Shen family, and you shouldn’t think you’re invincible, this strength of yours would be nothing if you were in Kyoto!”
Bai Zhan Tang scolded angrily at Teng Cheng Lin.
“Haha, you are right, this point of my ability is indeed nothing in Kyoto, but this is not Kyoto, here, who can stop me?”
Teng Chenglin laughed arrogantly.
“I can ……”
Just then, Chen Ping stood up and slowly walked onto the stage!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping stand up, Bai Zhan Tang hurriedly stepped forward and shouted!
With Chen Ping around, these people in front of him were nothing more than jumping clowns.
“You?” Teng Chenglin shot a glance at Chen Ping: “Kid, are you trying to stop me? I’m telling you, if you don’t want to die, get the hell away from me.”
“And what if I want to die?”
Chen Ping looked at Teng Chenglin and laughed!
“If you want to die, then I will fulfill you ……”
With that, the aura on Teng Chenglin’s body surged, then he slapped his palm at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping instead stood motionless, and with his hands behind his back, his eyes were filled with disdain!
This made that Teng Chenglin even more furious!
Boom!
Teng Chenglin struck Chen Ping’s chest with a fierce palm strike!
It was a pity that Chen Ping did not move at all, not even the expression on his face changed, but the wrist that had escaped was directly shattered!
“This …………”
Teng Chenglin was filled with shock, while the others were also looking at Chen Ping incredulously!
Looking at Teng Chenglin’s shocked expression, the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, “I want to die, do you want to do it again?”
Teng Chenglin’s face was incomparably ugly as he clenched his teeth to death!
“I want to die too, give me a go too!”
Just then, Pocky Hu leapt and landed on the stage as well, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Alright, you’ve pretended to be a p*ssy once, let me have this one, this kind of pretending scene is something you don’t see very often ……”
Pretending to be a p*ssy in front of hundreds of people, that’s great to think about!
Chen Ping looked at Hu Pazzi and was a bit tearful, but still gave way so that Hu Pazzi could stand facing Teng Chenglin!
“Kid, grandpa I want to die, but I’ve never been able to, just in time for you to give grandpa a go, I promise not to fight back ……”
Hu Ma Zi put his hands behind his back and said to Teng Cheng Lin.
Teng Chenglin’s face turned saucy purple with anger, in front of hundreds of people, he had just boasted, and now he was being slapped in the face in public!
And not just once, but now there was even someone provoking him!
Hundreds of guests on the stage watched this scene, all of them with very rich expressions on their faces!
They didn’t expect to come across such a thing either!
“Don’t bully people too much …………”
Teng Chenglin gritted his teeth as the aura on his body swelled once again!
Only a light lingered on Teng Chenglin’s hand, all of his powerful qi was condensed on his palm!
When Hu Ma Zi saw this, he couldn’t help but frown: “sh*t, why didn’t you just hit him like this, you’re f*cking targeting me?”