Seeing this, Du Ziteng looked at his son and saw that he was not in trouble, so he lowered his guard and waved his hand, “Let’s go in and talk!”
Du Ziteng was not willing to follow a YuanYing realm expert as an enemy either!
It would be best if we could turn a dry spell into a good one.
Soon, the group arrived inside the palace, and Du Ziteng sent people to prepare many sumptuous items to entertain Chen Ping and the others.
But it was clear that Du Ziteng’s politeness towards Chen Ping was tinged with a bit of caution!
After all, Chen Ping and the others had suddenly come to Penglai Island, and Du Ziteng did not know their intentions!
Moreover, now that Du Ziteng and the others did not know Chen Ping’s true identity, if they knew that he was the one who had killed Du Da, they did not know whether they would still be so polite to Chen Ping.
“Gentlemen, I don’t know if you are here on Penglai Island, are you here for pleasure or do you have something else?”
Du Ziteng asked to Chen Ping’s few people.
“King Du, we are just curious and came over to take a casual look ……”
Chen Ping said.
“Curious? What is there to be curious about?” Du Ziteng did not understand what exactly Chen Ping was curious about.
“King Du, since you are asking, then I will tell you the truth, your Penglai Island is full of spiritual energy and is an excellent place for cultivation, so the people on the island should be highly powerful, but why is it that the highest person on your Penglai Island is only at the peak of the Golden Dan?”
Chen Ping asked bluntly.
Although Chen Ping knew some of the secrets, he still wanted to get confirmation from this Du Ziteng’s mouth!
When Du Ziteng heard this, he sighed helplessly, “The problem you are talking about, we have actually known about it for a long time, only that the reason for it is not clear to me, but even if we can only cultivate to the peak of the Golden Dan realm, we are all content.”
“You should be aware that many of the immortal cultivators on Penglai Island are just ordinary people, there is no distinction between realms in their eyes, they just know that it’s good to live a peaceful life without illness or disaster.”
“Moreover, all the people on Penglai Island can live to be over a hundred years old, which is simply incomparable to the outside.”
“As for why they can’t continue to cultivate to a higher realm, no one has bothered to investigate, probably because there is some kind of suppression here.”
After hearing Du Ziteng’s explanation, Chen Ping froze for a moment.
He did not expect that this fellow, Du Ziteng, had no desire for strength at all, as if he was already very satisfied when he reached the peak of the Golden Dan.
Looking at Du Ziteng’s expression, Chen Ping could not see if this Du Ziteng had lied to him.
So he slightly closed his eyes, and an extremely terrifying divine sense was suddenly emitted overwhelmingly.
As Chen Ping’s realm rose, Chen Ping’s divine sense had also skyrocketed!
The scene was very much afraid that the area covered by divine sense had become much wider.
Chen Ping’s divine sense spread out within the entire palace, wanting to explore what secrets were within the palace.
When Du Ziteng saw Chen Ping radiating his divine sense, he didn’t stop it!
Very quickly, Chen Ping withdrew his divine sense, and there was no expression on his face, as if he hadn’t found anything!
“Dad, they were careless and broke a divine statue, remember to ask the gods for forgiveness ……”
At this time, Du Nan told the story of Chen Ping breaking the stone statue.
However, he did not say that Chen Ping had broken it on purpose, but rather said that he was careless, and it could be seen that this Du Nan also wanted to help Chen Ping and the others.
“What? Broke the idol?”
Du Ziteng’s face instantly changed!
When Chen Ping saw this, he spoke, “King Du, if you accidentally broke a stone statue, I will just compensate you for it, King Du is so surprised, could there be any secrets in that stone statue?”
Du Ziteng hurriedly regained his expression and shook his head, “There is no secret, it is just to create a kind of faith for the people, we will have the craftsman carve one in two days!”
“It’s getting late now, a few of you should stay here.” After Du Ziteng finished speaking, he looked at Du Nan and said, “Nan’er, take the few of them to find a room to rest.”