Zhou Jie took Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi around the South Lake for half a day, the South Lake City was very small, so in half a day they had to go around the whole South Lake almost.
“I’m too tired, you two go around, I need to find a place to rest!”
Pocky Hu made an excuse and hurriedly left!
Chen Ping knew at a glance what Hu Pazi was up to, this guy couldn’t stay away from women!
Zhou Jie also seemed to know what Hu Pazi was doing, and couldn’t help but roll her eyes: “Are men that defenseless against that kind of thing?”
“Look at that impatient look ……”
Zhou Jie’s words instantly embarra*sed Chen Ping and he coughed gently, “Miss Zhou, not all men are like Master Hu, I’m still a big boy ……”
Chen Ping’s words instantly made Zhou Jie’s face full of surprise and looked at Chen Ping incredulously, “You …… have so many women around you and a girlfriend, don’t you have ……”
“No, absolutely not, I always feel that that kind of thing is sacred and I have to wait until I get married ……”
Chen Ping waved his hand repeatedly and said.
Zhou Jie looked at Chen Ping that way and suddenly snorted a smile, “I really didn’t expect that under such a society there would still be such a simple young man like you, if it wasn’t for the fact that I already had a sweetheart, I would really want to chase you ……”
“Your sweetheart is that Song Qingping?”
Chen Ping asked directly.
Zhou Jie blushed slightly, then nodded, “En, our Vice Lord treats me very well ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zhou Jie’s shy appearance and wondered why he always had some strange feeling in his heart, he could never see through that Song Qingping, he always felt that that Song Qingping was not like what he saw on the surface!
Chen Ping followed Zhou Jie while walking and chatting, and soon it was noon and the two of them found a place to eat!
In a small border town like this, although it doesn’t have the high-end hotels of a big city, it does have its own specialties!
Zhou Jie ordered a huge table of dishes, and they all looked good!
“Do you come here to eat often?”
Chen Ping asked.
Zhou Jie shook her head, “The rules of our Demon Spirit Sect are very strict, we cannot just leave the secret realm, but because of my position, I need to leave the secret realm often and have come here to eat twice!”
“But for the rest of us in the Demon Spirit Sect, some of us have never stepped out of the secret realm after joining the Demon Spirit Sect.”
“What’s the difference between that and being in jail ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but laugh, being trapped in such a small place and not being able to take a single step out was like following a prison sentence!
“As a cultivator, shouldn’t you just not ask about worldly affairs and dive into cultivation? In fact, not allowing people within the sect to enter or leave the secret realm at will is also the sect master’s way of protecting them.”
“Now that the heaven and earth’s spiritual energy in this world is depleted, it’s not adapting to the survival of cultivators anymore, and according to the laws of heaven and earth, if we stay here for a long time, not only will our cultivation not grow, but we might even regress, or even suffer irreversible physical damage!”
“Otherwise, if all the cultivators came out of the secret realm, where would there be anything left in this world for the martial world!”
“But soon the aura will recover, so perhaps a scramble will begin again ……”
Zhou Jie’s eyes flickered with a bit of worry!
When the time really comes for the aura to recover, then a great battle for resources will once again take place!
What with the immortal clan and the devil clan, all of them would do whatever they could for their own benefit!
“Actually, it’s good to live like this, if the spiritual energy really recovers, it will be a calamity for ordinary people ……”
Chen Ping could even imagine that when the aura recovered, the major mysterious realms would open and the entire world would be in chaos.
At that time, those ordinary people in the eyes of these cultivators are just ants, worthless ……