Chen Ping followed Luo Xi and ran along with those demonic beasts as they galloped and soon ran a long distance away!
The two followed these demonic beasts and also went from the boundless wilderness to a place of sheer hills!
“Mr Chen, where are these demonic beasts taking us? It wasn’t here just now when I picked up that big stone.”
Luo Xi was a little scared, so she asked Chen Ping!
“I’m not sure, but these demonic beasts have been in the middle of this God and Demon Battlefield for years and years, they must know where there are more treasures, we’ll just follow.”
“I don’t think these demonic beasts are malicious, it will be fine.”
Chen Ping also did not know, where these demonic beasts were going, so he could only follow behind!
When Chen Ping and the two of them followed those demonic beasts over a hill, a large glittering place soon appeared before their eyes!
Fixing his eyes, he found that it was a field of weapons, only that many of them were somewhat broken!
After all, this place went through a great battle, whether it was a fight between Immortals or Demon Immortals, the weapons in their hands would definitely be broken!
This however such a large area, with piles of weapons piled up together, was obviously a bit strange!
These weapons did not look like they had fallen, but rather like someone had intentionally piled them up here!
“These weapons are all picked up by me ……”
The demonic beast leader opened his mouth and said!
When Chen Ping heard it, it turned out that it was this demonic beast that had picked them up, no wonder that after they had stepped into the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, they had seen the morose white bones all over the ground, but they had not found any weapons!
It turned out that they were all picked up by this demonic beast to this place, only that Chen Ping did not know, what did this demonic beast do by picking up these broken weapons, could it be that it had this kind of fetish?
“Why are you picking up these weapons?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“All of these weapons have Immortal Qi remaining on them, and it is the Immortal Qi on them that I need ……”
The demonic beast leader said!
“Immortal Qi?” Chen Ping froze, he did not feel the existence of Immortal Qi at all ah!
The Demonic Beast Leader did not speak, but directly walked towards the piles of weapons!
Chen Ping followed Luo Xi and also slowly followed!
Soon, it was as if the two had passed through a transparent barrier, and a ripple was even seen in the void!
However, right after Chen Ping passed through this barrier, a large amount of Immortal Qi unexpectedly greeted him!
This moment caused Chen Ping to freeze!
It turned out that all of these weapons contained Immortal Qi, and all of this Immortal Qi had been blocked by a force, so just now, Chen Ping did not feel it!
But now, after passing through the barrier, the Immortal Qi came face to face!
“What a thick immortal qi, are you picking up these weapons to use the immortal qi on them to cultivate?”
Chen Ping asked to the demonic beast leader!
But that demonic beast leader shook his head “I cultivate, I can’t use the immortal qi on this broken weapon, there are a large number of immortal grasses in this divine and demonic battlefield, all of them are very lush.”
“Then why are you piling up these weapons here?”
Chen Ping looked at the demonic beast leader in disbelief!
The demonic beast leader did not speak, but continued to walk forwards, Chen Ping and Luo Xi once again followed!
Stepping on those weapons under their feet, Chen Ping walked forward step by step!
When they reached a small mountain pile piled up with weapons, the Demonic Beast Leader used that thick tail and flicked it, and that pile of weapons instantly dispersed in all directions!
Right after those weapons dispersed, Chen Ping and Luo Xi surprisingly discovered that underneath those weapons, there was actually a flowery, green beast egg covered with various patterns!
It turned out that these weapons were burying this beast egg!
Chen Ping looked at this beast egg and followed Luo Xi to pick it up as if it was not the same.
“This beast egg is yours?” Chen Ping asked tentatively!
The demon beast leader shook his head “No, if it was my child, I would not have buried it under these weapons.”