In fact, Hu Pazi simply just changed his mind a lot, at this time that Xiaoyu’s golden elixir was inside Hu Pazi, and the two were together in this way!
So Hu Ma Zi did not dare to move his heart towards other women or to look at them carelessly, he thought that in that case, Xiao Yu would also find out.
This shows how much Hu Pazzi really means to that Xiaoyu!
“Let’s take a step and see, but with the Zheng family’s support, we don’t necessarily have no advantage!”
Chen Ping said slowly.
Now, as long as these experts did not unite and all fought separately, Chen Ping still had hope.
At that moment, there was a sudden commotion around them, and the experts who had been hiding in the shadows all emerged, each with a frightened look on their faces!
“Bad, bad, I didn’t expect that the Hong family had deployed the Eighteen Luohan ……”
“This time the others are afraid that they won’t have a chance, the Hong family is bringing out all their old tricks!”
“Alright, there’s a good show, even the Hong Family, who is thousands of miles away, has come, it seems that it’s no secret that this 10,000 year old medicinal herb has come out long ago!”
The many experts around were talking with frightened faces!
While Chen Ping looked towards the side, he found that under the pale moonlight, a group of people were rapidly coming towards here!
Most of the men in this group had shaved heads and shiny heads!
Chen Ping counted that there were as many as eighteen people with shaved heads, so these must be the eighteen Luohan as they called them!
The leader of these people was Hong Qianjiu of the Hong family of East China.
Chen Ping had no memory of this Hong Qianjiu, he had only met him once on the opening day of the Dragon Sect!
These families, moreover, were all spokespersons of the major secret realms, and had only recently lifted their veils and been exposed to the crowds of the martial arts world.
In a short period of time, these families were able to have such a great influence in front of the people of the martial world, so it was evident that the strength of these families themselves was not bad!
Soon, Hong Qianjiu led the people over, his keen gaze sweeping over the crowd, many people felt that Hong Qianjiu’s gaze and couldn’t help but turn their heads one after another.
Finally, Hong Qianjiu’s gaze rested on Chen Ping’s body, and seeing that Chen Ping was also there, that Hong Qianjiu’s body visibly shook!
He did not expect Chen Ping to be here!
“I didn’t expect the famous Dragon Sect Sect Master to be here as well, what a long time no see ……”
Hong Qianjiu stepped forward and clasped his fist towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping returned the greeting, “Duke Hong is too flattering, I’m just a mere mortal, just a bit lucky, how can I compare to Duke Hong ……”
“You’re welcome, Sect Master Chen!” Hong Qianjiu smiled lightly and then walked towards Zhu Hao!
When that Zhu Hao saw Hong Qianjiu, he clearly had a few moments of fear in his eyes.
“Brother Jiu, I didn’t expect that your Hong family had also gotten the news and had come all the way over from so far away.”
Zhu Hao said as he stepped forward and followed Hong Qianjiu.
“A mere 10,000 year old medicinal herb, where is it worthwhile for me to come all the way here, I was just pa*sing by and casually came to take a look!”
Hong Qianjiu said with a condescending posture.
“That’s right, I heard that the Hong family has a rootless land where nothing rare can grow, so how can they look at this mere 10,000 year old medicinal herb!”
Zhu Hao hastily gave that Hong Qianjiu a pat on the back!
Chen Ping listened to Hong Qianjiu’s words, but he just took it as bragging, nowadays, this young man likes to brag when he has some strength!
“Chen Ping, are all these young people nowadays so fond of bragging?”
“Luckily you’re not like them, if you were to brag like this everyday, I guess I would have been blown away by that long ago!”
Hu Ma Zi giggled and said.
“Freedom of speech, people like to blow, we can’t care!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Mr. Chen, you’re wrong, that Hong Qianjiu really isn’t blowing …… away!”
At this moment, a voice rang out from behind Chen Ping!
Chen Ping turned to look and found that Jiang Wei was walking over with a dozen people!
“Brother Jiang, why are you here too?”
Chen Ping asked with a surprised look on his face.
He hadn’t expected that the appearance of this ten thousand year old medicinal herb had attracted so many sects and families!
And these were also the secret realm’s endorsing clans in the secular world!