“Let’s give it to him, it’s been offered at one million, no one is going to grab it from him.”
“It seems like this guy really likes it, but we can also pick up a lot of spirit stones for nothing, so we’re content.”
“This method is really good, even if I don’t get a single treasure, I’m still happy, there are spirit stones to take anyway.”
The crowd was happy, and no one was raising the price!
“Fellow Daoist, this Demon Dagger is yours ……”
Lin Keting said as she looked towards the black-robed middle-aged man!
The black-robed middle-aged man rushed over with a face full of excitement, and then grabbed that magic dagger with one hand, feeling the silk of Yin Fiendish Qi within the magic dagger, the black-robed middle-aged man’s body was trembling with excitement!
“Fellow Daoist, we’ve got the item, isn’t it time to take the spirit stones, everyone is waiting!”
Lin Keting asked.
“I ……”
The black-robed middle-aged man froze in embarrassment, his expression becoming unnatural!
Seeing this black-robed middle-aged man’s appearance, Lin Keting immediately thought that this guy shouldn’t have that many spirit stones, and was just haphazardly calling out the price.
The others also saw this situation, and someone immediately stepped forward and said, “Buddy, if you can’t get the spirit stones, put the item back, or don’t blame us for not being polite.”
“That’s right, you don’t have any spirit stones, why are you shouting so cheerfully? Making fun of us? Even if our strength is all blocked, but to get you killed, a kick from one of us is enough.”
“Take out the spirit stones, if not, we will kill you right away ……”
The crowd was all filled with righteous indignation, ready to take action against that black-robed middle-aged man.
After all, this is related to the interests of all people, the black-robed middle-aged man does not pay out the spirit stone, Lin Keting promised, the other people also did not promise ah.
This was a bundle of interests, so it could be seen that this Lin Ke Ting also had some tactics.
“Don’t, don’t be anxious, I didn’t say I won’t take the spirit stone.”
The black-robed middle-aged man saw the angry look of the crowd and was also scared, if he was beaten up by these people, he was afraid that his life would be in danger.
“Gentlemen, I only have half a million spirit stones on me, but I can borrow them.”
After the black-robed middle-aged man finished speaking, he looked towards Lin Ke Ting and said, “This girl, I’ll borrow half a million spirit stones from you, and I’ll return them to you right after we leave here.”
“You and I are not relatives, I don’t know you either, why should I lend you spirit stones, if you run away, who am I going to find?”
Lin Keting felt very ridiculous as she looked at the black-robed middle-aged man and said.
“No, I definitely won’t run, I can hand over a strand of my life soul in your hands, if I don’t return the spirit stone and run away, you can completely destroy my life soul.”
The black-robed middle-aged man actually offered to take his life soul to borrow a spirit stone.
This decision shocked many people to the core, knowing that the life soul was life in the eyes of all the cultivators, if the life soul was handed over to someone else, it would be the same as having one’s life held in one’s hands.
Now this black-robed middle-aged man even want to take the life soul to borrow spirit stone, looks like really intend to return the spirit stone.
Lin Keting looked at the black-robed middle-aged man’s appearance, so she nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll lend you half a million spirit stones.”
After saying that, Lin Keting threw out a storage bag with half a million spirit stones in it.
The black-robed middle-aged man put together his own spirit stones and the ones given by Lin Keting, and then directly placed them on the ground.
Lin Keting was distributing the million spirit stones according to the number of people on the scene.
These people were all smiling and laughing as they took the spirit stones they had picked up for nothing.
That black-robed middle-aged man, on the other hand, stretched out his palm and slowly approached his sea of consciousness, intending to extract a strand of his life soul to Lin Keting.
“There’s no need to pledge your life soul, I believe your words, you’ll return this half a million spirit stones.”
Lin Keting stopped the black-robed middle-aged man.
The black-robed middle-aged man was slightly stunned, then he gratefully looked at Lin Keting and said, “Thank you, Miss, I will definitely double the amount in the day.”
After the black-robed middle-aged man finished speaking, he got up and walked back, this was to leave the Divine Demon Battlefield.
Having obtained the Divine Soldier that he wanted, there was no point in staying in the Divine Demon Battlefield, maybe this Divine Soldier was lost, then the loss would be more than worth it.