Chen Ping held his breath and concentrated for fear of making a mistake, but even so, it took several times before he finally finished the painting.
By now, Chen Ping was already sweating profusely and panting!
“Master Hu, in a moment when my soul is out of my body, you must keep an eye on me, so that my physical body is not stolen ……”
Chen Ping barked at Pocky Hu.
“Don’t worry, I’ll definitely keep an eye on it, and it’s in the secret realm, who would steal your flesh!”
Pocky Hu a*sured.
Chen Ping nodded and then put that talisman on his body, soon Chen Ping’s body flashed with red light and his soul instantly came out of his body!
Chen Ping looked at his body and Hu Ma Zi and looked very excited, as he had never seen himself in this perspective before.
“Chen Ping, you only have ten minutes, remember that, if you can’t come back in ten minutes, there is nothing I can do to save you.”
Hu Ma Zi said as he looked towards Chen Ping’s soul.
Chen Ping nodded, and then walked towards that chaotic space!
The powerful force that had been there was instantly pierced through by Chen Ping without any resistance, and Chen Ping’s face was full of smiles!
Only as he walked forward, that aura of killing and destruction began to attack Chen Ping continuously.
Although Chen Ping was only a soul body at this moment, the killing Qi was still able to inflict damage on him!
Chen Ping had no choice but to clench his teeth and withstand the fierce killing Qi as he continued to walk deeper into the chaotic space!
Chen Ping himself did not know how long had pa*sed, but he only felt the pressure on his body loosen, and the scene before him changed completely, as if he had arrived in another world.
Only to see countless rare medicinal herbs growing in the white space, and the spiritual energy here was a hundred times, if not a thousand times, stronger than outside!
Chen Ping looked at these rare medicinal herbs in front of him and his entire body froze, a brilliant light shining in his eyes!
Some of these herbs were already ripe, while others had just sprouted. Chen Ping saw a thousand-year-old mountain ginseng that was already shining with a faint golden light, and reached out to dig it out.
Only when Chen Ping reached out, he could not grasp it at all. He then realised that he was only a spirit body and could not touch anything now.
Looking at these treasures in front of him, Chen Ping was unable to take them away, which made him scratch his ears in anxiety!
Soon, a golden light shone so brightly that Chen Ping could not even open his eyes. Following the golden light, Chen Ping found that among these herbs, a 10,000-year-old He Shou Wu was emitting a golden light that was more blinding than the other herbs!
“Ten thousand year old He Shou Wu?”
Chen Ping’s heart thumped.
To know that a thousand year old herb was already very precious, this ten thousand year old herb was something that could not be found.
But Chen Ping could only watch with dry eyes, but there was no way to take this herb away!
“Could this be the plantation of a certain immortal?”
Chen Ping looked at the countless medicinal herbs and frowned slightly.
For so many planted medicinal herbs to suddenly appear in a spatial secret realm, Chen Ping could only suspect the work of an immortal, ordinary cultivators simply didn’t have the strength to do so!
Just as Chen Ping was staring at a patch of medicinal herbs in front of him, his body suddenly burst and he hurriedly looked at the time, realising that the time was almost up.
Hu Ma Zi was tapping Chen Ping’s body outside, this was to make Chen Ping’s soul go back quickly!
Chen Ping took a reluctant glance at the herbs and finally had to return the way he came!
While returning, he was also topped with that same terrifying killing aura.
Just as the time was almost up, Chen Ping’s soul finally returned to its place, and Hu Ma Zi let out a long sigh of relief at the sight.
“You guy, you know there’s time now, why are you so inked up?”
“What’s in there? Or is there nothing, just this chaos ah?”
Hu Ma Zi asked curiously.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was breathing heavily, while his body was aching!