If they were to deal with these snow wolves alone, they would not be afraid, but in this kind of place, if they were not careful, they would be sucked into the chaotic space, and that would be the most fatal!
These snow wolves also seemed to be interested in the pole stone in front of them, all of them bared their teeth and guarded around the pole stone!
Chen Ping knew that if they didn’t take care of these snow wolves, it would be impossible for them to get their hands on the pole stone!
“Prepare for battle ……”
Chen Ping sacrificed the Dragon Slashing Sword!
Bing Lu, on the other hand, was leading a dozen or so Holy Maidens behind Chen Ping with a warlike look on her face!
Everyone held the determination of certain death in their eyes!
A snow wolf saw that Chen Ping and the others were about to launch an attack, and then with a roar, dozens of snow wolves, hissing, rushed towards Chen Ping and the others!
Endless cold air, like rolling waves, wrapped in a terrifying aura, lunged towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping then waved his Dragon Sword!
A supreme fire instantly appeared between heaven and earth, and the supreme fire blazed, startling those dozens of snow wolves!
This kind of demonic beast was most afraid of the Supreme Fire!
The appearance of the Supreme Fire caused the dozens of snow wolves to stop their attacks!
Ice Dew, on the other hand, saw the right moment and followed the dozen or so Holy Maidens to strike at the same time!
A dozen or so frost swords, emitting gusts of sword aura!
An aura flowed and then condensed into a cloud in mid-air!
And this cloud began to expand!
Seeing this, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, and a Supreme Flame struck into that cloud!
The originally chilly clouds suddenly had a hint of temperature.
The clouds tumbled and countless ice arrows fell from mid-air!
And these ice arrows were all tainted with a hint of to fire!
The original scene of incompatibility between water and fire had unexpectedly disappeared at this moment!
When the snow wolves saw this, the hair on their bodies exploded, and dozens of snow wolves, gathered all their breath in one place, forming an ice shield visible to the naked eye!
It was very difficult to penetrate this ice shield!
But with the Supreme Fire on top of this ice arrow, it would be easy to penetrate!
After the Supreme Flame touched that ice shield, the ice shield was instantly melted!
Swish Swish Swish …………
A large number of snow wolves were hit and fell to the ground with a wail!
In just one exchange of blows, the snow wolves had lost half of them!
The snow wolf in the lead was furious, opening its bloody mouth and coming towards Chen Ping, it could tell that Chen Ping was the leader of these people!
A berserk aura surged out, and rolling cold air pounced!
When Chen Ping saw this, he let out a cold snort, and swung the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand in a smooth manner!
The Snow Wolf only felt a wave of heat coming in and colliding with the rolling cold aura!
Snow Wolf’s body was directly sent flying out, and after rolling around a few times, he slowly stood up!
Looking at Chen Ping, there was fear in the snow wolf’s eyes!
“Ow……”
With a roar, the snow wolves began to slowly retreat backwards with their men.
Only, the path that these Snow Wolves retreated took was unexpectedly towards that Chaotic Space!
When Chen Ping saw this, he frowned!
Could it be that these snow wolves lived here and did not know the terrifying nature of this Chaotic Space?
How could they dare to approach?
Those Saint Maidens also looked on in confusion!
Originally, they wanted to pursue the attack, but when they saw those snow wolves retreating towards the chaos space, they all froze!
They wouldn’t dare to come close!
Under the watchful eyes of Chen Ping and the many Saint Maidens, the snow wolves slowly retreated into the chaos!
This time, everyone was confused!
Could it be that these snow wolves had deliberately committed suicide and entered the chaos?
Chen Ping did not believe that these snow wolves would commit suicide, it looked as if they were not afraid of this chaos space, it was as if they were living in that chaos!
“Just now, did any of you find out where those snow wolves came from?”
Chen Ping suddenly remembered that those snow wolves appeared as if they came out of nowhere!
He had probed them all beforehand, but he had not found any snow wolves!
But the snow wolves just appeared out of nowhere, dozens of snow wolves, it was impossible to hide their scent!
All the Saintesses shook their heads, no one had paid attention to where the snow wolves had come out from!