The flames on the fire dragon’s body burned fiercely, opening its bloody mouth and coming towards Chen Ping once again, while Chen Ping, with his bare hands and empty fists, quietly looked at the charging fire dragon!
Until that fire dragon arrived in front of his eyes, Chen Ping surprisingly did not have the intention to dodge or return the favour, this made Elder Yu as well as Wei Qing a little confused!
“Senior brother, what are you doing?”
Wei Qing shouted loudly!
But at this moment, that fire dragon had already swallowed Chen Ping in one bite and was directly wrapped in flames!
Just as Wei Qing was filled with nervousness and was about to give Chen Ping a hand, he was stopped by Elder Yu!
“Don’t worry about it, this bit of flame might not be able to hurt him.”
Elder Yu could sort of see that Chen Ping was doing it on purpose!
Thinking about that Liu Sh*tong yesterday, he used the Black Demon Lotus, and in the end, that flame didn’t even hurt Chen Ping in the slightest!
And now this Zhu Ling’s Supreme Flame should not be able to hurt Chen Ping either!
Although Elder Yu did not understand what Chen Ping was using to not be afraid of this fire, but if Chen Ping dared to stand still, then he must be sure of it!
Seeing Chen Ping being engulfed by the fire dragon, the corner of Zhu Ling’s mouth sneered!
“Don’t know what’s good for you, and you still dare to ask me for some kind of bet.”
Zhu Ling smiled coldly and looked towards Elder Yu, “Elder Yu, I have already won, I don’t care if this disciple of yours lives or dies!”
“Missy, the winner is yet to be determined, it’s still a bit early for you to say that.”
Elder Yu said!
“Elder Yu, that disciple of yours has already been devoured by my Supreme Flame, how dare you say that the victory is undecided?”
“If you don’t save him before, your disciple will burn to ashes!”
Zhu Ling didn’t understand how Elder Yu still dared to say that the victory was undecided and wasn’t in the least bit anxious to save him.
“Burnt to ashes? Am I that easy to be burnt to ashes again?”
At that moment, Chen Ping’s voice came out from within the roaring flames!
Immediately after, it was seen that the flames around Chen Ping were rapidly extinguishing, and the fire dragon, in a flash, disappeared without a trace!
Chen Ping stood quietly in front of Zhu Ling, where on his body there was half a trace of having been burnt!
“How is this …… this possible?”
Seeing that her fire dragon had disappeared and Chen Ping had not suffered half a bit of damage, Zhu Ling was somewhat confused!
“Why is it impossible? Your Supreme Fire is too weak, it can’t even hurt me!”
“Now I’m going to counterattack, so be careful!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a flame pulsed above his palm!
Seeing the Supreme Flame in Chen Ping’s palm, everyone looked on incredulously as they could feel the terrifying nature of Chen Ping’s ball of Supreme Flame!
The reddish-red Supreme Flame was emitting an appalling temperature, and even if it was only a small mass, the temperature of the surroundings was instantly rising!
Even the air bared its teeth as it came into contact with the Supreme Flame!
Chen Ping simply waved his hand casually, and this ball of Supreme Flame burned up around Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling screamed in shock, but there was no way to escape!
“Stop, don’t hurt the eldest miss ……”
Seeing this, Elder Yu hurriedly said to Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, it can’t hurt her.”
Chen Ping smiled, then looked at Zhu Ling and said, “Do you admit defeat? If you don’t admit defeat, I will let the Supreme Fire burn off your clothes, leaving you naked and exposed for all to see.”
Once Zhu Ling heard Chen Ping’s words, she was going to be infuriated.
On the other hand, when Wei Qing on the side heard Chen Ping’s words, he was full of excitement and whispered, “Senior brother, burn, quickly burn senior sister’s clothes ……”
If he could see Zhu Ling without clothes, I guess Wei Qing would be willing to die!
Although Wei Qing said it in a small voice, it was still heard by Elder Yu, so he glared viciously at Wei Qing, scaring Wei Qing so much that he didn’t dare to speak anymore!
“I lost, I admit defeat ……”
Zhu Ling said helplessly!
She herself knew that she really couldn’t beat Chen Ping, even To Fire wasn’t Chen Ping’s opponent!
Seeing Zhu Ling admit defeat, Chen Ping ripped off the To Fire and walked towards Zhu Ling!