“So badly injured?” Xu Changsheng was slightly stunned, but then said, “But it’s not like there’s no way to heal, just use the Black Jade Severing Ointment, in less than ten days, Venerable Ding Huan’s apprentice will definitely be safe and sound ……”
“Really?” Venerable Ding Huan’s heart was overjoyed, “In that case, then please ask Elder Xu to get some Black Jade Severing Ointment for me, and as for the price, Elder Xu can ask for whatever he wants, as much as he wants.”
“Venerable Ding Huan, it is not a matter of money, because this Black Jade Severing Ointment, only our Valley Master is able to refine it, so it will take some time.”
Xu Changsheng explained.
“Then please, Elder Xu, go and speak to your Valley Master as soon as possible to understand, if you can really cure my disciple this time, not only do I owe you Medicine God Valley a favour, I believe the Dragon Family will also be very grateful to you.”
Venerable Ding Huan said.
But just as Venerable Ding Huan’s words were finished, Xu Changsheng’s face changed all of a sudden.
“The person Venerable Ding Huan wanted to give a visit to, it wouldn’t be that Long Xiao of the Long Family, would it?”
Xu Changsheng asked.
“Not bad, that Long Xiao is my disciple, this time in the tournament, he was seriously injured by that Chen Ping, so he needs your Medicine God Valley’s help, but I know that your Medicine God Valley seems to have some relations with that Chen Ping ……”
Venerable Ding Huan said indifferently, admitting it directly.
“If that’s the case, then I’m sorry, Venerable Ding Huan please go back ……”
After Xu Changsheng finished speaking, he turned around and was about to walk towards the interior of the Pill God Valley.
This froze Venerable Ding Huan, and then an aura instantly erupted from his body, before directly stopping Xu Changsheng’s path.
“Elder Xu, what do you mean?”
Venerable Ding Huan asked with a cold face.
“We in the Pill God Valley are not going to treat anyone from the Long Family, especially that Long Xiao ……”
Xu Changsheng said with an expressionless face.
“Why? Could it be that your Pill God Valley follows the Long Family and has a problem with them? If the Pill God Valley has any misunderstanding with the Long Family, I can help to make peace between them and let the Long Family make amends and apologize for anything ……”
Venerable Ding Huan still didn’t understand why Xu Changsheng hated the Long Family so much!
“Venerable Ding Huan no need to say anymore, you’d better go back, Long Xiao’s illness, we can’t see it ……”
Xu Changsheng’s attitude was strong, there was no room for negotiation at all.
“What if I must let you see it?”
Venerable Ding Huan’s face turned cold, followed by a tyrannical aura that enveloped Xu Changsheng.
Xu Changsheng had no power to fight back against Venerable Ding Huan, so he had no intention of struggling.
“Even if you kill me, or even if you kill everyone in our Medicine God Valley, we will not give Long Xiao a medical treatment ……”
Xu Changsheng said with a calm face.
At this time, many people from the Pill God Valley had rushed out, all surrounding Venerable Ding Huan.
Venerable Ding Huan did not panic in the slightest, but instead reached out and stuck his hand directly on Xu Changsheng’s neck.
“Believe it or not, I can send you to hell right now?”
Venerable Ding Huan’s eyes were slightly fixed, his body full of killing intent.
Xu Changsheng faintly closed his eyes and did not say anything else.
Seeing this scene, Venerable Ding Huan was about to die of anger and said through clenched teeth, “I am asking you once more, will you see Long Xiao or not?”
“No!” Xu Changsheng said categorically.
“If you don’t look, I’ll kill you ……”
Venerable Ding Huan’s hand was fiercely forceful, causing Xu Changsheng to instantly hyperventilate and his face to change colour.
“D*mn it, how dare you spill your guts in my Medicine God Valley ……”
Just then, a sharp sword qi suddenly attacked, cutting directly at Venerable Ding Huan’s arm.
Venerable Ding Huan was startled and let go of Xu Changsheng, his body fiercely retreating.
“Valley Master …………”
Seeing that it was Chen Ping who had come, all the people of Pill God Valley shouted in unison.
On the other hand, Venerable Ding Huan frowned, “You are the Pill God Valley Master?”
He didn’t expect that the Pill God Valley Master would be so young, which was a bit unexpected!