“All right ……” the elder waved his hand, signaling the second elder not to speak, then looked at Chen Ping with some appreciation and said “Young man, very good, you are right, the Eight Qian Desolate Ruler is your trophy, no need to hand it over. ”
“I am just afraid that this Eight Qian Desolate Ruler is too overbearing, if I can’t control it, it will cause a backlash to the user, that’s why I asked you to hand it over, I am not bullying the youngster with the big one.”
The attitude of the Supreme Elder towards Chen Ping immediately left everyone confused, they could not understand how the Supreme Elder could speak so politely towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping himself was a little surprised, he didn’t expect this Supreme Elder to be so nice!
“Thank you for your concern, Tai Shang Elder, I have my own measure!”
Chen Ping said!
“That’s good!” The Supreme Elder nodded, then looked at the Second Elder and said “When Hu Yixiao returns, send him to the back of the mountain to kneel on the ground wall for three days, and see what kind of a state he has managed the Jade Tripod Sect into.”
After the Supreme Elder finished speaking, no movement could be seen, but his body had already disappeared!
Only after the Supreme Elder left did the crowd let out a long sigh of relief, and then looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
“Mr. Chen, I was really scared to death just now, how dare you contradict the Supreme Elder ……”
“That’s right, my heart was about to jump out!”
Nie Heng and Fang Shu said incredulously.
“I also didn’t expect that this Supreme Elder was quite reasonable, after all, what I said was the truth, I didn’t lie, so it seems that this Supreme Elder is much better than some Elders!”
Chen Ping said, turning his gaze towards the Second Elder!
The second elder coldly snorted, “Humph, don’t be complacent, wait for me ……”
After saying that, the second elder left in a hurry, after all, his whole face was like a pig’s head, it would be a joke to stay here!
The third elder also looked like he had just walked through the ghost gate, his body was already soaked through and his whole body was deflated!
Finally, with the help of Fang Shu, he returned to his own residence, followed by Chen Ping, and peace returned to the entire Jade Tripod Sect!
Nie Heng, on the other hand, actively assigned the outer disciples of the Jade Tripod Sect to start cleaning up the ruins and repairing the destroyed houses!
The residence of the Third Elder’s clan!
Chen Ping was currently in his room, carefully observing the Eight Qian Desolate Ruler in his hand.
Even the Supreme Elder of the Jade Tripod Sect knew about this item, and knew that it was incomparably domineering, so Chen Ping wanted to study it carefully to see what was so powerful about this Eight Qian Desolate Ruler.
A ray of divine sense was injected into the Eight Heavenly Desolate Rulers, and after Chen Ping’s divine sense entered, the entire space within the Eight Heavenly Desolate Rulers was surprisingly immense!
A deafening hissing sound kept coming from a strangely shaped demonic beast, which seemed to sense that something was intruding and acted very annoyed!
These demonic beasts were all locked up in cages, with arm-thick chains chained to their bodies!
Chen Ping discovered that these demonic beasts were the same ones that Kuang Biao had summoned, and that each gem on the Eight Qian Desolate Ruler corresponded to a demonic beast!
But how had these demonic beasts been summoned out when they were all locked up and chained?
After Chen Ping’s divine sense continued to probe, he then discovered that within the cages where these demonic beasts were kept, there was a spell formation!
In fact, it was not these demonic beasts that were summoned out, but the souls of these demonic beasts, whose bodies were sealed within the Eight Heavenly Desolate Rulers, so there was no fear of these demonic beasts disobeying orders!
After Chen Ping explored, he understood completely that if he was not strong enough, not only would he not be able to summon these demonic beasts within the Eight Heavenly Desolate Rulers, but he would be devoured by the spirits of these demonic beasts!
However, Chen Ping also discovered one thing, that is, the power of the Eight Heavenly Desolate Rulers came from the demonic beasts sealed inside them, that is, the more powerful the demonic beasts sealed, the more powerful the Eight Heavenly Desolate Rulers would be!
If one had the ability to capture a more powerful demonic beast, one could replace the demonic beast inside the Eight Heavenly Desolate Rulers, making the Eight Heavenly Desolate Rulers even more powerful!
“It really is a good thing ……,” Chen Ping smiled as he withdrew his divine sense!