If the City Lord was only in closed-door cultivation and the three of them killed each other, the City Lord would definitely be furious when he came out of closed-door, and no one would want to have a good time at that time!
Now that Ding Daorong had actually killed Qiu Wanha, it had shocked Yan Shuangying!
There was also that sudden appearance of Luo Ta, who was at the peak of the ninth level of the Mahayana realm, there was no cultivator of such strength within the Beast City!
Their three beast generals were only at the eighth rank of the Mahayana realm, and this sudden appearance of a cultivator at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm must have come from outside the Beast City!
If there was no collusion between insiders, outsiders wouldn’t have been able to enter the Beast City!
So it must be Qiu Wanha who had colluded with the outsiders!
What alarmed Yan Shuangying the most was that a cultivator of the second rank of the Mahayana realm had beheaded a cultivator of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm at the peak, this kind of unheard of thing was what shocked him!
If that was the case, his intention of thinking of fishing for the winners, that would be a complete fiasco!
With Criminal Daorong’s current strength, he simply didn’t have the strength to follow Criminal Daorong in a fight!
“Are you telling the truth?”Yan Shuangying asked to the subordinate again in disbelief!
“General, it is absolutely true, there is no half-truth, I was captured by them and released back.”
The subordinate said with conviction!
Yan Shuangying sat back in his chair again, and cold sweat flowed out from his forehead!
“Command down, from now on everyone is not allowed to mess with the people of the Xing Mansion, or else they will be chopped off without mercy!”
Yan Shuangying knew that at this time, there was no other way but to follow Xing Daorong’s gesture of goodwill!
Qiu Wanha had been killed, if he was being insensitive, then surely Criminal Daorong wouldn’t mind killing one more!
“As you wish ……”
The subordinate led the order and left!
Yan Shuangying took a long breath, his eyes had long since lost the wisdom of the beginning, in this world where strength is honoured, what can one do with more schemes!
Resigned to his fate ……
…………
Xing Mansion!
Chen Ping and Xing Daorong they had already returned, and Bai Cheng led the people to continue mining the immortal spirit stones!
Qiu Wanha was already dead, and no one would be daring to hit the idea of the Immortal Spirit Stone vein, Yan Shuangying had also been warned, Xing Dao Rong knew him, Yan Shuangying would never be foolish enough to confront himself at this time!
It can be said that in the entire beast city, criminal dao rong has been a dominant, as long as criminal dao rong a word, he can be the beast city’s city master!
However, Hind Daorong knew that the reason why he had become a dominant presence in Beast City so quickly was definitely due to the fact that he had followed Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, the Immortal Spirit Stones that were mined in the early stages, I’ve put them all into a storage bag for you, and the Immortal Spirit Stones that will be mined in the future, will all be kept for Mr Chen as well, and I won’t take a single piece of them ……”
Criminal Dao Rong said to Chen Ping!
Originally, they had agreed to split it between the two families, but after seeing Chen Ping decapitate Luo Ta, Xing Daorong changed his mind!
He would not follow Chen Ping in splitting the Immortal Spirit Stones, and would give all the Immortal Spirit Stones to Chen Ping!
Now all that Hind Daorong needed was to be on the list of Chen Ping’s big tree!
Chen Ping saw that Hind Daorong was so understanding and did not push back, after all, he needed too many resources for his cultivation behind him!
“General Xing, now that that Qiu Wanha is dead, what are your next plans?”
Chen Ping asked to Interdictor Rong!
“I have already sent someone to take over the Qiu Mansion, after completely taking over all the people and men of the Qiu Mansion, I plan to enter the City Lord’s Mansion and become the City Lord of the entire Beast City.”
“After all, it’s been years since we’ve heard from the City Lord, it’s always been the three of us who manage Beast City, it’s not the way to go on like this after all.”
Xing Daorong also did not hide his ambition and directly said to Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, he hurriedly waved his hand and said, “General Xing, the fact that that City Lord hasn’t shown up doesn’t mean that he’s not around anymore, in fact, your City Lord has always been around, and I’m sure that he’s aware of the things that have happened in Beast City as well!”
“What? Could it be that Mr Chen has met our City Lord?”
Upon hearing this, Ding Daorong asked in surprise!