Zhu Zhishan quietly watched the crowd’s reactions, then placed his gaze on Long Jingguo.
“Master of the Long Family, what do you think about this matter? Your Long Family also has a history of following that Chen Ping, I believe you have studied him long ago, right?”
Zhu Zhishan asked as he turned to Long Jingguo.
“Master Zhu, this Chen Ping has suddenly become so strong all of a sudden, have you guys ever thought that the Chen Ping now, might not be the Chen Ping of old long ago.”
“The information we have in our hands is all from the previous Chen Ping, while the current Chen Ping may be a different person.”
Long Jingguo said in a mysterious manner.
Hearing Long Jingguo say this, everyone was stunned, and even Zhu Zhishan frowned slightly.
Seeing the crowd’s reaction, Long Jingguo secretly breathed a sigh of relief in his heart.
He knew, of course, what was going on with Chen Ping, but he couldn’t let the others know that it was the secret of their Long Family.
He would rely on this secret to rule the entire Kyoto martial arts community.
“Master of the Long Family, what do you mean by this, could this Chen Ping be possessed by an evil spirit, and the Chen Ping that we see now is just a body?”
Someone asked in confusion.
“Impossible, if it is an evil spirit that has entered his body, how could Mr. Shi, who has followed Chen Ping’s contact many times, not be able to detect it?”
Zhu Zhishan immediately began to refute.
“This Chen Ping also seems to be able to use evil kung fu and absorb kung fu from other people’s bodies, so it seems that there is really a possibility that it is an evil spirit possessing his body.”
Someone spoke up again.
“Alright, let’s not discuss this anymore, that Chen Ping is not possessed by evil spirits, I will find a way to verify it.”
“I’m looking for you all to work together to find a way to kill Chen Ping in the quickest time possible, this guy is a scourge to our martial arts community sooner or later if he lives!”
Zhu Zhishan said with a gloomy face to the heads of the clans and sects.
“Lord Zhu, didn’t you already send people to kill that Chen Ping, did those people miss?”
Long Jingguo asked.
When Zhu Zhishan heard this, his face was full of anger, he didn’t expect those few puppet corpses to be wastes.
“Don’t mention it, this time if any of you kill Chen Ping, the Martial Dao Alliance will reward him heavily, and I will directly take out half of next year’s trial resources to give to him!”
Zhu Zhi Shan was hemorrhaging money this time, but there was no way around it.
Zhu Zhishan’s time was running out, and he could only promise exorbitant benefits to make these people’s hearts flutter.
As expected, after hearing Zhu Zhishan’s promise, all the people were moved.
Only Long Jingguo was silent and did not change his expression!
After a few words of explanation, the meeting ended, and just as the crowd left, Zhu Zhishan whispered a few words in the ear of a member of the Martial Alliance.
After that member of the Martial Alliance left, he returned not long afterwards and brought with him two people, a man and a woman, both of whom were white and frosty!
The man was dressed in a thin suit with a very straight figure, while the woman was dressed in a tight leather suit and leather trousers, with half her hair covering her face.
Zhu Zhishan waved his hand and let that member of the Martial Alliance leave before he got up and said, “Both of you, please have a seat ……”
“Master Zhu, there is no need to be polite with us, if you have any orders, just say so, you have the token in your hand, we should rightly listen to your orders.”
The man in the suit said.
“Good, then I will order you to find that Chen Ping, probe whether that Chen Ping is possessed by an evil spirit or not, and if possible, exterminate the evil spirit inside him ……”
Zhu Zhishan said to the two men.
“The two of us are not strong enough to deal with that Chen Ping, and if he really has an evil spirit possessing him, we are not capable of exterminating the evil spirit inside him ……”
“You have the token in your hand and we do as you command, but it doesn’t mean that the two of us can go and die for nothing ……”
The woman spoke up, and as soon as she spoke, she disliked Zhu Zhishan!