This was also the family background of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, to be able to stand in a place like the Celestial Realm for so many years, and still control a large portion of the entire Western Region, without true strength it was simply not possible!
Soon, the crowd from the Demon Sealing Alliance and these guards from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty all appeared in each other’s line of sight!
At this moment, everyone stopped, and it was as if the heavens and earth were frozen, with war clouds and fighting intent!
Neither side had made a move, but the terrifying pressure had already made it difficult for many cultivators of lower realms to resist!
Just as the two sides were going toe-to-toe, inside the Demon Sealing Alliance’s headquarters!
Zuo Tian was standing respectfully inside a small room, with a large black hole rotating in front of him!
Along with that black hole rotating faster and faster, a force that was enough to shock the soul slowly emerged from that black hole!
Feeling this power, Zuo Tianzheng’s face changed slightly, and then he even knelt down on both knees and prostrated himself on the ground and said, “Zuo Tianzheng of the Demon Sealing Alliance, welcome the Tenth Highness!”
Along with Zuo Tianzheng’s voice, the black hole suddenly stopped rotating, and a figure slowly walked out from that black hole!
After the figure walked out, the black hole slowly disappeared, and Zuo Tianzheng remained on the ground not daring to raise his head!
“Get up ……”
The visitor said towards Zuo Tianzheng.
This voice, surprisingly, was the voice of a child, sounding no more than a teenager.
Zuo Tianzheng’s body slightly trembled before he slowly got up, and when he saw that in front of him was actually a teenage child, his face was full of tenderness, and his hand was holding a lollipop, his expression became a little overwhelmed!
He didn’t even know that this 10th Highness could be a teenage child with a wave of innocence in his eyes!
However, Zuo Tianzheng was puzzled in his heart, but he didn’t dare to show the slightest sign, because he knew that even a child was not something he could take lightly!
“Father said that he asked me to come over and help you, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty is simply not something you can deal with.”
The Tenth Highness said in a jarred voice with a lollipop in his mouth!
“Tenth Highness, I have already sent people to Xiao Dynasty and have also turned the second prince of Xiao Dynasty, so there won’t be any surprises in taking down Xiao Dynasty this time.”
Zuo Tianzheng said!
“Hmph, ignorant ……” the Tenth Highness snorted coldly, his eyes full of contempt!
Zuo Tianzheng, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s ally, in this child’s eyes, it looked like dog farts were worse than dog farts!
In an instant, Zuo Tianzheng’s cold sweat flowed down.
Because he felt the threat of death from within those contemptuous eyes!
The Tenth Highness stepped out of the room, and Zuo Tianzheng followed behind him with trepidation!
Arriving all the way to the hall of the Demon Sealing Alliance headquarters, the Tenth Highness sat on top of the main seat, and Zuo Tian was standing on the side!
The entire hall was empty, the Tenth Highness was still eating a lollipop and casually waved his hand gently!
In the middle of the hall, a white light flashed and a picture instantly appeared!
Within this image, it was actually the image of Xiao Feng leading people to follow the many cultivators of the Demon Sealing Alliance in a confrontation in the imperial city of the Xiao Dynasty.
Seeing this scene, Zuo Tianzheng’s complexion tightened and his fear of this Tenth Highness deepened a few points!
At the same time, in the depths of that Fire Burning Sect, Ask Haotian violently opened his eyes, and although his face was still very pale, his eyes carried a few points of surprise.
“They finally appeared ……,” Ask Haotian said and closed his eyes once again!
And Mr Shi, who was in the deep mountain mansion, was also gazing at the land of the Northern Domain, “It’s here, it’s finally here.”
At the same time, all the many people of the Heavenly Realm who were trapped in the Celestial Realm all seemed to sense something at the same time!
One by one, they gazed in the same direction with different expressions on their faces!
“Senior brother, I didn’t expect them to still exist.”The Formation Demon said!
“They never disappeared, it’s just that we’re not willing to admit it!”
The Divine Ripple Ancestor sighed softly, as if he had unspoken feelings within his heart!