Upon hearing this, Chen Ping hurriedly took a deep breath and let the flames burn, and no longer thought wildly, but recited the Clear Mind Mantra, endeavouring to clear his divine sense!
Along with Chen Ping slowly calming down, the burning sensation on his body surprisingly dissipated a lot!
Chen Ping looked up at the Siwu Cliff in front of him, and through the blazing flames, words surprisingly began to flash continuously on the Siwu Cliff!
The quieter Chen Ping’s heart became, the clearer the words became, and soon the entire SiQiao Cliff was covered in words!
Looking at the words in front of him, Chen Ping’s heart was thrilled, but he tried to restrain himself, he could not let his emotions fluctuate too much!
“True Fire Dharma Body? Surprisingly, it’s a merit law for quenching to fire!”
After Chen Ping had read through the gongfu, he slowly closed his eyes and practised it according to the gongfu on the Siyou Cliff!
Soon, in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, a void figure appeared, surprisingly identical to Chen Ping, like Chen Ping’s Yuan Shen!
However, Yuan Shen did not appear in the sea of consciousness, even the Red Cloud Demon Monarch felt a little curious as he looked at the figure that had suddenly appeared!
However, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch did not interrupt, but instead watched quietly!
This void figure looked very vague and did not have the slightest breath!
Only along with Chen Ping’s operation of his gong method, five clusters of supreme fire appeared around this figure, precisely the five types of supreme fire that Chen Ping had mastered!
The five supreme fires flowed and even began to purify, originally Chen Ping had not made the supreme fires pure due to the various reasons when absorbing and refining them, but now these five supreme fires had become pure and incomparable!
At this time, the Supreme Flame became very pure, and its power had also increased greatly.
Along with the purification of the supreme fire, Chen Ping’s body was actually being refined as well. The void figure was actually Chen Ping’s True Fire Dharma Body, except that Chen Ping had just cultivated it, and the Dharma Body was still in nothingness!
Along with the quenching of the Dharma Body, Chen Ping’s main body was also being upgraded in the same way.
In this way, in the future, no matter what Chen Ping did, he could have his Dharma Body cultivate in the Sea of Consciousness, so that his own cultivation would also grow!
In this way Chen Ping would not need to cultivate in seclusion, even in battle, the cultivation of the Dharma Body would be mapped to Chen Ping’s own!
It was only that Chen Ping did not fully understand the True Fire Dharma Body yet!
He was only just now comprehending the cultivation, and along with the deepening of the cultivation, Chen Ping would surely have a deeper comprehension of the True Fire Dharma Body!
And just as Chen Ping was cultivating the True Fire Dharma Body at the Thought Cliff!
That Elder Tian had already travelled to the Two Yi Sect to bring in formation experts!
Since Elder Yu and the others didn’t agree to open the Divine Volcano, then Huo Yuan Ting would find formation experts on his own to open the Divine Volcano!
“Sect master, Elder Gu of the Two Yi Sect has arrived ……”
Elder Tian entered the main hall and said to Huo Yuan Ting!
“I didn’t expect Elder Gu to come in person, I’m sorry to welcome you ……”
Huo Yuanting got up and greeted that Gu Tianzhao very respectfully.
If this Gu Tianzhao was seen by Chen Ping, he would probably be able to recognise him at a glance, this guy was the one who had pitted Elder Xia’s daughter in the Wantong Pavilion!
At that time, when Chen Ping broke the Ten Thousand Souls Formation, this Gu Tianzhao’s residual soul escaped, and at that time, he even left his life behind, saying that he would seek to settle the score with Chen Ping in the future!
“Sect Master Huo, you are welcome, of course I will come when something happens to your Violet Flame Sect, not to mention that Sect Master Huo hasn’t taken care of our Two Yi Sect much.”
Gu Tianzhao said with a smile!
That killing formation that Huo Yuan Ting spent a lot of money on was bought from the Two Yi Sect, so this Huo Yuan Ting following the Two Yi Sect is considered to have some friendship!
“Elder Gu, we’re considered old acquaintances, so I’ll be blunt, the reason I brought you here is that I hope you can help me open the divine volcano.”
Huo Yuanting said!
Gu Tianzhao froze, then said, “Sect Master Huo, that Divine Volcano started your Violet Flame Sect’s Divine Mountain, it’s been imprisoned by an array, in order to open the Divine Volcano, you have to open the array to do so.”
“Doesn’t your Violet Flame Sect have a formation master who possesses a formation disc to open the divine volcano? Why do you still need to find me?”