Seeing this, the others also helped to look for them, and it was true that they did not see the figure of the Five Sons of Human Jie!
“The Five Sons of Human Jie are so strong, it’s impossible that they were killed in the Divine Demon Battlefield, right?”
“That’s right, as far as the reputation of the Five Sons of Human Jie is concerned, no one would dare to take action, and there are five great sects behind them.”
“The Divine Demon Battlefield is closed, they must have been killed, this time the five great clans can lose face.”
The crowd murmured!
Hearing the crowd’s murmurings, Qi Peijia followed Ning Zhi and exchanged glances before Ning Zhi left!
A few moments later, Qi Peijia then found the people from the five great clans!
“Gentlemen, the Five Sons of Renjie from your five great clans have indeed been killed, and I also know that they were killed.”
Qi Peijia said as he walked up to the crowd of the five great clans!
“Who is it?”
One of the five great sects asked!
“It’s that guy called Chen Ping ……”
Qi Peijia said!
“Chen Ping?”
The five great clans did not have any impression of Chen Ping!
Instead, it was the Xuan Yin Sect’s Sect Master Kong who spoke up, “That Chen Ping is only at the first rank of the Transition Realm, how could he have killed the Five Sons of the People’s Jie, that’s obviously impossible ah!”
“It’s impossible for him to be alone, but he has helpers, at the Divine Demon Battlefield, five of the three emperors and four kings of the Beast Clan helped him, with these people helping, could he not deal with the Five Sons of Renjie?”
Qi Peijia said indifferently!
“Why?We have no grievances with that Chen Ping, why would he kill our people?”
Someone from the five great clans asked!
“Of course for the sake of competing for treasures, in the Divine Demon Battlefield, does it still talk about any enmity or hatred, anyway, I’ve told you about this matter, you love to believe it or not ……”
Qi Peijia finished speaking and directly turned around and left!
The people of the five great clans all looked at each other, not knowing whether they should believe Qi Peijia’s words or not!
“Gentlemen, you guys go back first, ask Luo Shouhai about this matter when the time comes, that Chen Ping followed Luo Shouhai, but that Chen Ping did follow the Fox Royal Daughter by his side, one of the three emperors and four kings of the Beast Clan.”
Kong The Sovereign said to the people from the five great clans!
He was very afraid that these people from the five great clans would cause trouble in the Xuan Yin Clan, his Xuan Yin Clan was mainly about doing business, so if they fought and killed here, it would affect their business!
“When Patriarch Kong said that, I do have some impression of that Chen Ping, when the time comes, let’s go to the Blood Spirit Valley and ask about it!”
A silver-haired, red-faced, long-bearded old man from one of the five great clans said!
The people from the five great sects left the Xuan Yin Sect!
Just as they walked out of the Xuan Yin Sect, they didn’t know if it was a coincidence or if Qi Peijia was waiting for these people, but the people from the five great sects ran into Qi Peijia!
Only that the people from the five great clans didn’t pay any attention to him, after all, Qi Peijia was only a demonic cultivator, and a loose cultivator at that!
Although he had now received a miraculous encounter and had reached the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, he had no power and no influence, for some of the big clans, they still looked down on him!
“Patriarch Luo, that Chen Ping is right in front, you guys can go and ask …… in person.”
Qi Peijia saw the people from the five great clans, so he said to the red-faced, long-bearded old man who was leading the group!
“That kid hasn’t left yet?”
Patriarch Luo was stunned, and then led his men to rush forward to chase after him!
Sure enough, they spotted Chen Ping’s shadow, but when Chen Ping saw the people from the five great clans, he quickly fled!
As soon as they saw Chen Ping fleeing, the people from the five great clans felt even more that something was wrong with Chen Ping, so they quickly chased after him!
However, in the blink of an eye, Chen Ping had already disappeared!
“How damn strange, this guy ran really fast, how come he’s gone in the blink of an eye?”
A person from one of the five great clans wondered!
“Patriarch Luo, look what’s this?”
At this moment, someone picked up five very delicate storage bags from the ground!
“Aren’t these the storage bags of the Five Sons of Human Jie?Why is it here?”
Patriarch Luo frowned!
“Damn, it must have fallen out of that guy called Chen Ping, he must be the one who killed the Five Sons of Human Jie!”
Someone .Roared loudly!