“I will get you out ……”
The dragon chopping sword in Chen Ping’s hand swung desperately towards the cell!
Clang clang clang …………
The sound was incessant, and the entire dungeon seemed to be collapsing!
But even so, the cell did not move at all.
And in a dimly lit room in the deepest part of the dungeon, out of reach, a man sat cross-legged on the floor and suddenly opened his eyes.
Two eerie green lights burst out of his eyes.
The corners of his mouth turned upwards like a smile, and then his eyes closed again.
Chen Ping’s whole body trembled violently, he felt a very terrifying and frightening aura, but that aura was just a flash of light!
But Chen Ping couldn’t think much about it, he had to get Su Yuqi out first.
A dozen swords later, Chen Ping’s forehead was already covered in cold sweat, but the sturdy cell still did not show the slightest sign of being damaged.
“Chen Ping, this Martial Union’s cell must be very strong, you can’t open it, you’d better leave quickly, I believe someone will be here soon!”
“As long as you’re safe outside, I’m relieved, I’m fine here, don’t worry ……”
Su Yuqi said loudly to Chen Ping, persuading him.
But at this time, Chen Ping had long since become anxious, and he had to get Su Yuqi out at one point.
Chen Ping double a glare, fiercely bit his tongue, followed by the tip of the tongue blood instantly sprayed on the body of the Chopping Dragon Sword.
The Dragon Chopping Sword began to vibrate violently as a dragon roar rang out.
“Chen Ping, are you crazy?”
Seeing this, Su Yuqi’s entire body . Loudly, she shouted at Chen Ping.
At this moment, Chen Ping was so crazy that he was burning his own essence blood, knowing that burning essence blood was very damaging to the body, and if it was in serious, the whole person would be ruined.
But now Chen Ping, who could not listen, was like a frenzied beast, desperately storming the cell!
Chen Ping did not know how many cuts he had made, and blood was oozing out from the tiger’s mouth from the shock.
“How could this happen?”
Chen Ping sat paralyzed on the ground, despair written all over his face.
He had used all his tricks, but he just couldn’t open this cell and save Su Yuqi.
It seemed that this Martial Alliance was really not simple.
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi helplessly, two people were close at hand, but there was nothing he could do.
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping’s tiger mouth, which was dripping with blood, and her heart was broken, so she hurriedly pulled off a silk scarf and bandaged it up for Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi, tears filling his eyes, “Yuqi, don’t worry, I will definitely kill everyone in the Martial Alliance, I will make them pay the price in blood ……”
The cold light in Chen Ping’s eyes flashed, the killing aura on his body continued to diffuse out, at this moment, Chen Ping’s hatred for the Martial Dao Alliance had reached the extreme point.
“Don’t mind me, they won’t do anything to me, you must take care of yourself, you should go quickly, if you don’t go, it will be too late ……”
Su Yuqi advised Chen Ping after she had bandaged him up.
Chen Ping held on to Su Yuqi’s hand for dear life and would not let go at all, he did not want to go and could not let go.
If he left, he would not know when he could see Su Yuqi.
He originally thought that if he reached Martial Marquis, he would be able to save Su Yuqi out, but now it seemed that he was still too naive.
Rumble …………
Just then, a rumbling sound came, followed by several powerful auras coming in this direction.
Chen Ping knew that it was the people from the Martial Alliance coming over.
Su Yuqi, on the other hand, desperately pushed Chen Ping away, “Chen Ping, go, go, just protect yourself and there will be hope for me, do you remember?”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi, he did not want to leave, he did not want to watch Su Yuqi stay here by herself.
“Chen Ping, if you don’t leave, I will play dead here head first so that you never have to think about me ……”
Su Yuqi knew that if Chen Ping didn’t go, I was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to leave, so she threatened at Chen Ping.