“Damn, how did we come across this Silver Red Tiger, this kind of guy is very difficult to deal with, but normally this Silver Red Tiger never attacks humans.”
“Can’t you see that Silver Red Tiger has been affected, its eyes are red and its mind is confused.”
“What can we do? If there’s only one Silver Red Tiger, we can still deal with it, but if there’s a group of them, then it’ll be troublesome.”
When the crowd saw that Silver Red Tiger, each of them were also nervous!
The Silver Red Tiger faced Cai Hongwei and his group of cultivators, but it didn’t have the slightest bit of fear, and then hissed, its sharp claws grabbing towards Cai Hongwei’s neck!
Cai Hongwei changed in front of him, and the aura on his body instantly erupted out before forming a shield around him!
Boom!
The Silver Red Tiger grabbed on top of that shield with a single claw, and the seemingly sturdy shield was instantly shattered under this claw, and Cai Hongwei’s chest was scratched out with a deep wound!
Cai Hongwei was sent flying directly out, falling heavily in front of the crowd!
“Dad …………”
Seeing this, Cai Qiannan hurriedly ran forward and helped Cai Hongwei up!
Seeing how powerful this Silver Red Tiger was, the crowd all sucked in a breath of cool air!
To know that Cai Hongwei was able to travel between the Central Domain and the Southern Domain for so many years, but he had real skills, and now he was f*cked over by that Silver Red Tiger with a single claw!
“This is a tiger king, everyone be careful ……”
Although Cai Hongwei was injured, he still reminded loudly!
“Let’s team up and kill this Silver Red Tiger quickly, otherwise it will be in trouble if it summons its companions.”
Elder Miao’s face was also very grave at this moment!
He had just exhausted the spiritual energy in his body to ring that bell in order to save the crowd from the poisonous tent, and he hadn’t fully recovered yet!
Hearing Elder Miao’s greeting, everyone had their weapons lit up.
“Ow ……”
Seeing this, that Silver Red Tiger let out a roar, followed by a hissing roar that instantly travelled around!
Along with the surrounding void trembling, a single Silver Red Tiger all began to appear!
There were dozens of Silver Red Tigers in total, all with red eyes, their silver-coloured fur appearing particularly conspicuous in the darkness of the night!
Seeing this scene, everyone was dumbfounded!
A Tiger King was difficult to deal with, but with so many Silver Red Tigers coming at once, they would be dead for sure!
Cai Hongwei saw the situation, also instantly face like ashes, eyes full of despair said “finished, this time is really finished, it seems that we are all going to die here ……”.
At this moment, the original unity of the team, at this time some people began to beat the drum of retreat!
Elder Miao also saw the crowd’s mind, but at this time, the best way is to escape, if you can escape one is one, if all of them are left behind, then none of them will survive!
“Gentlemen, it’s come to this, we can only fend for ourselves, if anyone wants to escape, then hurry up and run for your lives, I’ll stay behind to stall for time with you.”
After finishing his speech, Elder Miao turned his gaze towards Chen Ping and said “Little brother, you escape as well, but I hope you can take my granddaughter with you ……”
Miao Lao wanted Chen Ping to escape with Miao Miao while he stayed behind to deal with these Silver Red Tigers!
“Grandpa, I’m not leaving, I want to stay with you ……”
Miao Miao shook her head, where would she go?
“Old Miao, I’ll thank you for your great kindness, I’m leaving ……”
At this time, that Sikong Zhen jumped out, after thanking Miao Lao, immediately ran to the front of Cai Qiannan and said “Qiannan, quickly take Uncle Cai, let’s run quickly, if it’s late, are going to be eaten by this Silver Red Tiger.”
Cai Qiannan looked at Cai Hongwei at a loss for words!
At this moment, Cai Hongwei was injured, glancing at the crowd, he could only sigh and said “Gentlemen, I, Mister Cai, am sorry for you all, each of you run for your lives ……”
After saying that, Cai Hongwei was assisted by Cai Qiannan and Sikong Zhen and took the lead to run away!