“Bring them in ……”
An old voice rang out, and the killing intent on Ono Hiroshi’s body instantly disappeared!
He could only give Chen Ping a fierce glare as he led them on towards the depths of the shrine!
Soon the men arrived at a shrine that was filled with majesty, but underneath that majesty, there was a faint chill!
Ono Koichi led Chen Ping and the others into the shrine!
The shrine was very large, and inside were precious jade stones paving the floor, as well as a number of incense burners and portraits.
In the very middle, a dried up old man was sitting on his knees in front of a divine table!
Seeing that old man, Ono Hiroshi knelt down reverently, his forehead pressed firmly to the ground!
“Sit down ……”
The old man spoke slowly, his voice as if it came from the distant heavens!
Chen Ping walked forward and casually sat down opposite the old man!
While Watanabe Fumio and the others did not dare to do so.
Because although this old man was dry and thin, he carried a majesty about him, and under this majesty, Watanabe Fumio and the others all unconsciously tensed up!
Even Hu Ma Zi, who had just looked disdainful, now, upon seeing that old man, his face became grave!
“It’s been a hundred years, but this is the first time I’ve seen someone from Daxia here ……”
“Let me introduce myself, I am Toyotomi Hideyoshi, I’m sure you’ve all heard of me.”
The old man looked at Chen Ping with a look in his eyes that could see through the world!
Under the old man’s gaze, Watanabe Fumio and Hu Ma Zi all dared not look straight at him, for they felt as if the old man’s gaze could see through what was in their hearts.
Chen Ping was unconcerned and looked at Toyotomi Hideyoshi with a playful expression, “You are just a wisp of a spirit, so don’t bluff with your name, now you are not a tenth of the strength of your original body, are you?”
“And the reason you can’t see the people of Daxia is because you have no way to get out of this shrine, as soon as you leave here, your divine soul will immediately vanish into thin air ……”
“How dare you, you dare to curse the gods like that ……”
Ono Koichi rebuked angrily at Chen Ping!
“The gods?” Chen Ping smiled coldly and looked at the old man, “It’s just a borrowed corpse, why do you have to talk so high and mighty?”
“Hahahaha, it doesn’t matter if it’s just borrowing a corpse and returning a soul, or if it’s just a divine soul living forever.”
“What matters is that this Golden Dragon true body of yours has come to me of its own accord, I can only say that it is the will of heaven, that I have been pious all these years and have touched the heavens ……”
Instead of getting angry, Toyotomi Hideyoshi laughed out loud!
Hearing Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s words, Hu Ma Zi’s face instantly became very ugly, it seemed that this old man knew about Chen Ping’s Golden Dragon True Body’s physique, this was an attempt on Chen Ping’s flesh!
After all, this kind of physique of Chen Ping’s, if he could take over his body, it would be a great opportunity for these guys whose souls possessed their bodies and were reborn!
But Chen Ping wasn’t surprised, instead he acted very calmly!
“You like this physical body of mine?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently.
“Of course, before I met you, I didn’t know exactly how long it would take for me to see the light of day again. ”
“But now God has done so and allowed me to see you, so the time has come for me to see the light of day again.”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi said with an excited look on his face.
Seeing Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s excited look, Chen Ping, on the other hand, had a playful look on his face, “Are you that sure that you can get my physical body?”
“Hmph, even if I am only a wisp of a divine soul now, in this shrine, I am still the master, I am also a god, you cannot escape from me.”
“If you obediently hand over this physical body of yours, I can let your divine soul remain intact and find a new physical body for you.”
“These friends of yours can also leave safely ……”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi snorted coldly.