“What’s wrong? What’s going on? Why did you let us go in the middle of the night?”
Dong Liqun’s wife looked at Dong Liqun in disbelief.
“Don’t ask, what should be arranged for you, I have already arranged.”
“Also you must take my seal, it must not fall into the hands of others.”
“With this seal in place, the Dong family will always be there!”
From his pocket, Dong Liqun took out a very delicate seal, and then handed it to his wife.
At this moment, Dong Liqun’s wife was a little confused, unable to figure out what had happened.
And at that moment, the door to the room opened and Dong Jiahao walked out.
“Dad, did something happen?”
Dong Jiahao was in the room, listening to his father’s words, and knew that his father was definitely not joking.
“Nothing is wrong, you guys just do as you are told!”
Dong Liqun finished, then shouted, “Housekeeper, send the young master and madam away immediately!”
The housekeeper hurriedly walked in, then said to Dong Jiahao and his mother, “Young master, madam, the car is ready.”
“I’m not leaving, I’m not leaving …… What’s wrong?”
Dong Jiahao asked to Dong Liqun as he did not leave.
Who knew that Dong Liqun had slapped Dong Jiahao unconscious and then asked the butler to take Dong Jiahao away.
After his own wife and son had left, Dong Liqun stood at the highest point in the villa.
From here, he was able to see the entire Dong family’s villa area.
A part of it had become a wreck, which was made during the great battle between him and Chen Ping.
It hadn’t been cleaned up yet.
Relighting a cigarette, Dong Liqun waited in silence.
He knew that what was coming would come eventually.
Sure enough, Dong Liqun had not finished his cigarette when he felt an aura coming rapidly from afar.
There were a dozen of them, all of them half-step Martial Marquis!
Dong Liqun’s face showed no alarm or panic.
Soon, these people arrived in front of Dong Liqun, and the leader was none other than Ning Zhi of the Ning Family.
“Uncle Dong, how are you doing? It’s so late and you’re still standing so high, aren’t you afraid of catching a cold from the wind?”
Ning Zhi tilted his head to look at Dong Liqun and said with a slightly mocking voice.
“Although I’m old, I’m not as bad as you say I am!”
“If a small gust of wind can blow a cold, then wouldn’t this Martial Marquis realm of mine be a waste of practice!”
Dong Liqun floated down from a high place and stood firmly in front of Ning Zhi.
“Uncle Dong’s strength is truly extraordinary, I’m really impressed by my nephew!”
Ning Zhi bragged to Dong Liqun.
“You don’t need to talk nonsense, I know where you’re coming from, make your move ……”
As Dong Liqun finished speaking, the aura of a Martial Marquis erupted from his body.
A terrifying aura directly enveloped the entire Dong family villa area.
Feeling the aura on Dong Liqun’s body, even those half-step Martial Marquis all paled slightly.
“Uncle Dong, I think you’ve made a mistake, right? As a junior, how could I possibly make a move with you!”
“I came here this time because I want to follow Uncle Dong to discuss something!”
“You see that quite a few clans and families have already defected to my Ning Family, so I think it’s time for your Dong Family to bow down and submit to me as well?”
Ning Zhi asked with a faint smile.
“Bow down and submit?” Dong Liqun’s eyes narrowed slightly, “Who are you, even if your old man Ning Hai were here, would he dare to say that to me?”
“Don’t think that just because you have destroyed the Valley of the Wicked, you are something, even if all the sects and families, submit to your Ning Family, I, Dong Liqun, will not submit either! ”
Murderous intent erupted from Dong Liqun’s body and his eyes were filled with determination!
He could die, but to submit to the Ning Family, don’t even think about it!
“Uncle Dong, don’t be anxious yet, wait for a moment to show you something, you are absolutely going to submit to our Ning Family or not ……”
Ning Zhi said with a confident face and a faint smile.
Dong Liqun’s face was puzzled.
Just in Dong Liqun’s puzzled gaze, a black sedan drove up.
And the driver of the sedan was none other than the Dong Family’s great butler!