The power of the three types of Supreme Flames was definitely not something that Chen Ping could withstand!
At this point, Huo Dong could be better than the others from that Ghost Face Sect, after all, the others from the Ghost Face Sect did not have the two types of Supreme Flames from the Purple Flame Sect!
Huo Dong nodded, and the three types of Supreme Flames instantly appeared around his body, then continuously surrounded Huo Dong!
The heat wave that erupted from the three types of Supreme Flames, even with the light curtain shield, caused many people to be unable to withstand it and retreated!
“This Huo Dong has actually mastered the three types of Supreme Flame, this is troublesome ……”
Seeing this, Wei Qing began to worry a little for Chen Ping.
Zhu Ling also had her fists clenched, her eyes filled with worry!
On the other hand, the old Sect Master was facing a smile as he quietly watched, Chen Ping’s number of Supreme Fires was even more than that of Huo Dong!
“Comparing to me in terms of Supreme Flame?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted up, huffing and puffing, the six Supreme Flames all flared up around Chen Ping!
The six flames coiled into a circle, flowing in different colours, as if they were divine light, surrounding Chen Ping in the middle!
“Six Dao Supreme Flames?”
Huo Dong’s eyes widened at the sight, his face full of incredulity!
That Huo Yuan Ting was also shocked, he had never thought that Chen Ping possessed the Six Dao Supreme Flame!
Wei Qing and the rest of them were also shocked!
The way Zhu Ling looked at Chen Ping, she had already fallen in love with him!
“How did you …… you …… you possess so many Supreme Fires, you even have a Demon Supreme Fire!”
Huo Dong swallowed his saliva and asked!
“Why can’t I have a Demon Race Supreme Flame?”Chen Ping smiled faintly, “You like to play with fire, today I will let you taste the taste of the Supreme Flame.”
Chen Ping slowly raised his arm, the void in front of him seemed to open up a door of light, and the six Supreme Flames were like arrow feathers that raced towards Huo Dong!
Seeing this, Huo Dong fought to swing both of his palms, and three of the Supreme Flames swung out, however, he knew that this would not be able to block Chen Ping’s attack at all!
“Son, catch the Divine Fire Seal ……”
Seeing this, Huo Yuan Ting hurriedly threw the Divine Flame Seal in his hand towards Huo Dong!
Huo Dong caught the Divine Flame Seal and a drop of essence blood instantly entered the Divine Flame Seal!
Originally, Huo Dong and Huo Yuanting had the same bloodline, so he could easily make the Divine Flame Seal recognise its owner!
Huo Dong raised the Divine Flame Seal in his hand high up, and immediately an invisible vortex formed in the Divine Flame Seal, Chen Ping’s six supreme flames even began to be absorbed by the Divine Flame Seal, and the flame breath on the supreme flames was stripped away little by little and was sucked into the Divine Flame Seal!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping was not the slightest bit surprised!
That Huo Dong, on the other hand, was filled with excitement, looking at the Divine Flame Seal in his hand, his body trembling a little!
“Hahahaha, I have the Divine Flame Seal in my hand, even if you have sixty Supreme Fires, they are simply useless!”
Huo Dong laughed crazily, “Don’t you have six channels of Supreme Flame, then I will let you taste the taste of Supreme Flame!”
Huo Dong raised his hand to the Divine Flame Seal, and immediately after, from within the Divine Flame Seal, a ball of flame instantly erupted!
This flame was not a certain type of Supreme Flame, but more like a fusion of multiple types of Supreme Flames!
Chen Ping’s eyes lit up when he saw this flame, “This Divine Flame Seal can actually allow the fusion of the Supreme Flames ……”
Chen Ping smiled, those Supreme Flames that had been sucked away by the Divine Flame Seal had actually fused directly in the Divine Flame Seal and were now coming towards Chen Ping!
“I’m not afraid of the Supreme Flame at all, I’m not afraid of any flame.”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a mass of red flames suddenly emerged around his body!
The True Fire Dharma Body was turned on, and at this point, the flames could not even hurt Chen Ping in the slightest!
“True Fire Dharma Body …………”
When the old Sect Master saw this scene, his eyes immediately widened and his mouth opened wide with an expression of astonishment!
“Father, what is the True Fire Dharma Body?”Zhu Ling asked with great confusion!
“This is a long lost dharma of our Purple Flame Sect, I wonder how it could have been cultivated by Chen Ping?”
The old Sect Master was very puzzled, after all, Chen Ping had only come to the Purple Flame Sect not long ago!