But just when Chen Ping was in the middle of killing, several auras suddenly came towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned, he could sense that these were not the auras of the undead, but someone was attacking!
Chen Ping backhanded his sword and cut out, the radiant sword aura directly sealed the entire valley!
Boom …………
With a loud bang, Chen Ping’s sword mane fiercely followed those several rising breaths and collided with each other!
The tremendous recoil actually caused Chen Ping’s body to retreat one after another!
“I really didn’t think that you kid would be hiding here ……”
Slowly, from the dim black mist, several figures walked out!
Standing in the forefront was Yao Qing, while standing beside him was Bao Yu Kun!
The two men’s disciples were standing neatly at the back.
When Chen Ping saw this, he frowned, he did not expect that how did these guys find this place, now that Chen Ping was blocked here, he was afraid that there was no possibility of escape.
“Hahahaha, this is really an unexpected pleasure, I originally came here just to kill more undead, but I didn’t expect to run into this kid.”
Bao Yu Kun laughed out loud!
When Chen Ping heard this, he felt a little surprised, not understanding why Bao Yu Kun and the others were looking for the undead and wanted to kill more of them?
Could it be?
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly, then he placed his gaze on Yao Qing, who was originally an evil cultivator, and it looked like killing the undead would also enhance their cultivation, which was why they wanted to kill more undead!
“Chen Ping, are you hiding here, are you trying to escape from us? Where is Yue Buqun? And where is that old monster?”
Yao Qing asked at Chen Ping.
But Chen Ping didn’t say a word, he kept surveying the surroundings, looking for a way to escape.
“Don’t talk nonsense with him, just kill him, you should quickly pa*s on my kung fu ……”
Bao Yu Kun was a bit impatient to learn Yao Qing’s evil kung fu!
Saying that, Bao Yu Kun was about to make a move, but was stopped by Yao Qing.
The two of them are Yao Qing and Bao Yukun, if Yue Buqun, the Divine Calculus, and Qu Yunchang were here, Yao Qing knows that with just the two of them, they would easily be destroyed!
Although that Qu Yunchang was not a realm of transformation, he was by no means something they could deal with.
If all these people were within this abyss, Yao Qing would have withdrawn quickly and would not have made a move against Chen Ping!
Looking at Yao Qing’s appearance, Chen Ping suddenly smiled coldly “Why is it just the two of you? Where are Leng Wu Dao and the others?”
“Gang Leader Leng and the others are still behind, they will arrive later, you brat just wait to be trapped to death here ……”
Yao Qing snorted coldly!
However, Chen Ping laughed and looked at Yao Qing, “I think you two should have separated after the other sects, right? If that’s the case, then you two can wait for death ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the aura on his body exploded.
Yao Qing frowned, he didn’t expect to fail to fool Chen Ping and be seen by him!
“Chen Ping, even if there were only the two of us, you kid would never be our opponent, I think that Yue Buqun and the old monster, they should not be here either, right?”
Yao Qing asked tentatively to Chen Ping.
“They are deep in the valley, how could they not be ……”
Chen Ping said.
When Yao Qing heard this, he burst out laughing “Chen Ping, are you trying to lie to me? I would believe they were here if you said they weren’t and lured us to make a move on you.”
“But you told me straight away that they were all here, is this your intention to scare us away?”
“We’ve already been scared away once just now, this time it’s never going to happen.”
As Yao Qing finished speaking, he raised his hand towards the void and grabbed it!
A lance was instantly condensed in Yao Qing’s hand, the Yin Fury Qi above the lance raged wildly, and the entire space in the valley trembled!
When Chen Ping saw this, he couldn’t help but frown, he didn’t expect this Yao Qing to be so meticulous!
Seeing this, Bao Yu Kun’s breath also rose and he took up his stance!
Two Martial Emperor experts, this made Chen Ping feel the pressure!