Kyoto Protector’s Pavilion!
Chen Ping locked himself inside his room, he had long since opened the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, and a divine sense was offered out, as if his entire body was in the scene in the painting.
With the Heart Condensation Technique running, a large amount of spiritual energy kept converging towards Chen Ping’s body, and above Chen Ping’s head, the converging spiritual energy formed a whirlpool.
Just as Chen Ping was cultivating, two people came from the Guardian Pavilion in Kyoto, none other than Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, who were recuperating from their injuries in Pill God Valley.
Xiao Lan and Wu Mei’er stayed in Pill God Valley to keep Long Wu company.
Zhao Wuji had met Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, and when he saw the two coming to look for Chen Ping, he hurriedly sent someone to call Chen Ping.
Feeling the aura on Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, Zhao Wuji’s heart burst with surprise, he could feel that the strength of these two girls was already above him.
He still remembered the first time he went to look for Chen Ping and saw Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, Su Yuqi was just an ordinary person and Gu Ling’er was only a minor internal energy martial artist, but just a few months later, both girls’ strength had surpa*sed his.
Zhao Wuji couldn’t understand how Chen Ping could be so demonic all by himself, but how could all the women around him be so demonic and cultivate so fast.
Soon, Chen Ping was called in and was surprised and excited to see Geng Yuqi and Gu Ling’er looking for him.
“Why are you two here? Are you feeling better?”
Chen Ping asked to Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er.
The two nodded at the same time, and then Su Yuqi said, “We were worried about you, so I followed Ling’er over to see you.”
“I’m fine here, it’ll be fine!”
Chen Ping spun around and let Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er take a look.
“So the Dragon Family isn’t looking for trouble with you? You’ve killed five of their guardians.”
Gu Ling’er asked.
As soon as Gu Ling’er’s words left his mouth, Zhao Wuji at the side directly froze, he still didn’t know about Chen Ping killing the five guardians of the Dragon Family.
Chen Ping followed Zhao Wuji’s explanation before Zhao Wuji said in anger, “This Long Family, to come and not even take Mr. Shi’s words into consideration, secretly sending people to deal with you, fortunately I reported the matter of this trial after Mr. Shi, and Mr. Shi also sent word that the Martial Dao Alliance was not allowed to seek personal revenge against you.”
“Pavilion Master Zhao, thank you ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Mr. Chen, you are too polite, this is something within my part, these people from the Martial Dao Alliance have also gone too far, blatantly playing favorites during the trials.” Zhao Wuji said.
“Yuqi, Ling’er, go to my room, I’ll show you a treasure ……”
Chen Ping intended to call Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er to go to his room, to look at the pair of Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map and cultivate together.
But Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er both blushed and stole a glance at Zhao Wuji next to them.
They misunderstood Chen Ping’s words, this meeting called to go to the room, definitely no good, and that treasure that they were looking at, maybe it was ……
“Mr. Chen, you guys talk, I still have something to do ……”
Zhao Wuji smiled faintly and walked away directly.
While Chen Ping hurriedly pulled Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er to his room.
Zhao Wuji looked at Chen Ping’s back with a burst of envy: “Mr. Chen is so fit, hugging left and right, it’s so pleasant ……”
After pulling Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er into the room, Chen Ping immediately made the two sit on the bed.
“Chen Ping, this is in the Protector’s Pavilion, what are you doing? And to have us both together, this ……”
Su Yuqi was blushing, although she and Chen Ping had established their relationship for a short time, but the two of them had not really taken that step, now that Chen Ping suddenly wanted to let her and Gu Ling’er together, Su Yuqi was embarra*sed.
“Don’t say anything yet, close your eyes, I’ll bring out the baby for you to see ……”
Chen Ping urged Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er to close their eyes.