As for the ten million dollar bank card, Chen Ping did not dare to let his parents know about it yet, he had no way to explain where the money came from.
Could he tell his parents that during his three years in prison, he had cultivated the Immortal Technique and had become the head of some Heavenly Dragon Hall?
I was afraid that after saying that, his parents would lock him up as a psychopath.
“A friend’s house, where is your friend’s house?”
Tang Hongying asked curiously.
“In Pan Long Bay!”
Chen Ping said with an effort to keep himself calm.
“What?”
Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo exclaimed at the same time!
Even if Chen Baoguo hadn’t lost his job, even if he worked for a hundred years, I’m afraid he wouldn’t be able to buy a house in Pan Long Bay.
“What kind of friend do you have that you have a house in Pan Long Bay and lend it to you?”
Chen Baoguo questioned Chen Ping with a cold face.
“I …… am just a friend of mine!”
Chen Ping said vaguely.
“Humph!” Chen Baoguo coldly snorted, “Do you think your mother and I are stupid? How could you possibly have such a friend and there is no way anyone would lend you the house in Pan Long Bay? You didn’t learn to be good in prison, but you did learn to brag.
Chen Baoguo said, changed into his work clothes and was ready to leave, he did not believe that Chen Ping could borrow the house in Pan Long Bay.
“Dad, you haven’t even seen it yet, how can you say I’m bragging? I’ve grown up so much, is it so hard for you to admit me once? Today I even have to take you guys to move there!”
Chen Ping shouted out loud, ever since he was young, Chen Baoguo had never praised Chen Ping, even though Chen Ping excelled in his studies at university and became the president of the student council, he still could not get any recognition from Chen Baoguo, this might be Chen Baoguo’s way of education!
“Alright, alright!” Tang Hongying hurriedly discouraged, “Old man, you say you’re really the same, the child has just come out, can’t you speak better?”
Tang Hongying reprimanded Chen Baoguo and turned to Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, mum believes what you said, take mum to Pan Long Bay, I’ve never been there before!”
“Mom, I’ll go out and call a taxi, and pack up the things at home by the way!”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, he walked outside, and when he pa*sed by Chen Baoguo, Chen Ping whispered, “Dad, I’m really not lying to you, you’ll know when you go with me!”
After Chen Ping left, Chen Baoguo hesitated, but finally took off his overalls!
…………
Pan Long Bay villa area!
The security guards standing on both sides, one standing tall, to be able to work as a security guard here, it was all an incomparable honor, without some connections back door, it was impossible to get in!
A taxi stopped steadily at the entrance of the Pan Long Bay villa, a security guard saw this and hurriedly ran forward to stop the taxi.
“What do you do?”
The guard asked curiously.
He had been working here as a security guard for three years, and had never seen anyone come to Pan Long Bay, who came as a taxi, and which one of the people who could live here was not a magnate businessman, with several cars at home, and even several drivers!
“We are the owners of this place!”
Chen Ping stepped down from the pa*senger side and said politely to the security guard.
“Owners?” The security guard gave Chen Ping a glance, and then looked at Chen Ping’s parents inside the taxi, and suddenly let out a cold laugh, “I’ve seen people like you a lot, if you want to visit Pan Long Bay, just look around outside, you’re not allowed inside!”
The security guard’s meaning was obvious, that he didn’t believe Chen Ping was the owner!
No matter from the way Chen Ping was dressed or the way Chen Ping’s parents looked in the car, they didn’t look like people who could afford to buy a house in Pan Long Bay!
Because of the beautiful scenery of Pan Long Bay, there were many people who pretended to be homeowners and then mingled inside Pan Long Bay to go around as if they were tourists, and this security guard took Chen Ping for such a person!