It was obvious that this Tiger Li Daxian did not want to hurt Chen Ping, he wanted to control Chen Ping and get his physical body!
After entering Chen Ping’s body, the seal quickly began to spread in his brain, seemingly wanting to control Chen Ping’s mind!
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted and a golden light burst in his mind, instantly engulfing that imprint, and Tiger Li Daxian’s face instantly became incomparably gloomy!
“Who the hell are you? How come you have such a powerful divine sense?”
“In today’s society, it is impossible for this to be occurring ……”
Tiger Li Daxian asked in shock.
“It doesn’t matter what I am, what matters is who you are?”
“Why did you use those stone statues and suck the spiritual energy of the crowd? What is your purpose in doing so?”
Chen Ping questioned at Tiger Li Daxian.
“You actually know this?” Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes were slightly glued, “All the people here, I gave them their strength, I taught them the immortal cultivation method, allowing them to step into the cultivation path, leaving behind their illnesses and increasing their lifespan, so what can I do by sucking some spiritual energy from them?”
“I am the master of this place, the god of this place, everything they have is mine ……”
A faint light began to glow from Tiger Li Daxian’s body!
Seeing this, Du Ziteng and Du Nan hurriedly fell to their knees and kept bowing down!
And Chen Ping sneered, “With just a demonic beast like you, how could you possibly have such skills, stop bragging about yourself, is there someone else behind you?”
“How dare you, you dare to say that this Immortal is a demonic beast ……”
Tiger Power Immortal was furious.
“Chen Ping, how dare you, everything here is bestowed by Tiger Li Daxian, Tiger Li Daxian is the god on Penglai Island, I can prove it, you will only die if you follow Tiger Li Daxian against him.”
Du Ziteng scolded angrily at Chen Ping.
“A tiger that has become a spirit, to become a god that thousands of humans worship, what a joke ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly!
“Insolent, you dare to insult this Immortal, I will make you taste my power ……”
Tiger Power Immortal’s body erupted with fury!
Then his palm grabbed in the air towards Chen Ping, his entire body emitting a faint light, just like a real immortal!
“That’s all, I’ll …… do it too.”
Chen Ping’s body shook slightly, and his entire body began to erupt with a golden light, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body was even more abundant than that Tiger Li Daxian.
But just as Chen Ping was about to swing his palm out to block that Tiger Power Great Immortal’s strike, he found that the strike from that Tiger Power Great Immortal carried a strange suction, and the spiritual energy within his own body unexpectedly began to boil uncontrollably!
“After absorbing your strength, I can really reach the Realm of Transformation and become a real human ……”
A vortex formed in the palm of Tiger Li Daxian’s hand as he continuously began to suck the spiritual power within Chen Ping’s body!
Just as the spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s dantian was about to burst through his body uncontrollably, suddenly the dragon crystal on his chest flashed!
A ray of divine dragon power instantly suppressed the boiling spiritual energy.
After a while, when Tiger Li Daxian saw that his spell hadn’t worked at all and Chen Ping hadn’t been affected at all, he was astonished!
“How can this be?”
Tiger Li Daxian’s brow furrowed.
Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes flashed and a divine sense instantly shot towards Chen Ping, he wanted to see what Chen Ping really was!
But the moment that divine sense was emitted, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body flashed up and cut off that divine sense!
Seeing that the divine sense was useless, Tiger Li Daxian took two steps back and then let out a tiger whistle!
He then picked up his sceptre and the jewel on top of it began to glow with a dazzling light!
The light illuminated the entire mansion and Chen Ping was wrapped in the light, unavoidable!
Chen Ping tried to use the golden light on his body to force back the light that was enveloping him, but no matter how much the golden light flashed, it was dulled by the light!