Rumble …………
The black clouds were dense, lightning flashed and thunder roared, the thunder tribulation was about to strike down!
“Mr Chen, hurry up and go, you can’t help, this thunderbolt needs to follow the same aura of the ghost old man to work, no one can help him.”
Luo Shouhai anxiously urged!
“You guys leave quickly, I will definitely be able to help Ghost Old Man!”
Chen Ping looked up at the demonic calamity cloud as the aura on his body began to surge!
Seeing this, Luo Shouhai and Bai Shallow could only turn around and leave, there was not the slightest use for them to stay!
The Ghost Elder was just about to say something, but he was grabbed by Chen Ping’s wrist, followed by a surge of aura into the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s body!
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder froze, looking at Chen Ping with an incredulous face, “Mr Chen, this …… this power ……”
“Don’t be distracted, feel the power that I have passed on to you!”
Chen Ping told the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder not to be distracted!
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder nodded, his heart very excited as he realised that the power that Chen Ping had passed on to him was actually exactly the same as the aura in his own body!
In that case, the strength to fight against the lightning tribulation was much stronger.
This time, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder had some confidence!
The reason why Chen Ping was able to do this was because of the Breath Mimicry Technique that Chen Ping had learnt, although Chen Ping was not able to completely change his appearance and all of his breath right now, it was still simple to turn a power into the same breath as the Ghost Old Man!
“Mr Chen, the robbing thunder is coming ……”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder followed Chen Ping and barked out a message!
And at this moment, Luo Shouhai and the others watched as the thunder tribulation was about to come crashing down, and one by one, they became tense!
Fire Phoenix was even clenching her fists tightly, wishing that she could immediately rush into the demonic tribulation cloud and resist the thunder tribulation for Chen Ping!
“Fire Phoenix, don’t worry too much, since that Chen Ping dared to stay, he must be sure.”
Bai Shao comforted Fire Phoenix!
Rumbling …………
In the sky, black clouds condensed to their limit, and then a thunder tribulation rumbled down.
On the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s body, a strange red light immediately flashed!
The thunder tribulation rumbled down on the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s body, instantly causing the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s body to tremble, and countless wounds instantly appeared!
Chen Ping also followed suit with a frown as a sense of suffocation struck him!
To know that this was only the first lightning tribulation, it was so powerful, if this were to come later, Chen Ping was not sure if he could carry it off!
But continuing to be like this already, Chen Ping could only grit his teeth and hold on!
Soon, the black clouds changed, and a thunderbolt suddenly struck down again!
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with a refined aura, and the aura on his palms became even stronger!
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s body once again emitted a dazzling red light, and there was a touch of clarity in his eyes!
With Chen Ping present, the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder had confidence in his heart and the conviction to put up a fight!
The Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man erupted with all of his strength and once again resisted the second thunder tribulation!
However, after this lightning tribulation, Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s breath was extremely weak and his entire body was bruised and battered!
Chen Ping was no better, his forehead was covered in cold sweat, and his entire aura had also become much weaker!
“Mr Chen, you’d better leave quickly, we won’t last, this is only the second thunder tribulation ……”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder once again persuaded Chen Ping to leave!
After all, the second thunder tribulation had almost exhausted all the power of the two of them, so how would they cope with the next tribulation?
“Ghost Elder, don’t be discouraged, as long as we are firm in our beliefs, we will definitely be able to do it, cheer up ……”
Chen Ping was still cheering up the Demonic Mountain Ghost Elder, only that Chen Ping himself was a little uncertain.
The power of this Demonic Robbery Cloud was really beyond imagination!
Chen Ping’s chest flickered with light, gusts of dragon qi emanated from within the Dragon Crystal, and even within the Origin Space, the stars were flickering!
Right now, Chen Ping had used all the means that he could use!
It was already at this point, and it was impossible for Chen Ping to leave!