After two days and two nights of flying, it made Chen Ping feel a hint of exhaustion!
The figure fell back to the ground and began to replenish the spiritual energy in his body!
Fortunately, Chen Ping had a lot of resources now, so he was not afraid of depletion at all.
After replenishing, Chen Ping took the map and looked at it carefully again!
“According to the story, we have already reached the area where this circle is drawn, but it seems like there are no changes in the surroundings ah?”
Chen Ping surveyed the surroundings, the dense jungle, the constantly resounding roars of demonic beasts!
Following the rest of the Heavenly Demon Mountain was the same, there was nothing special about it!
Chen Ping leapt up and once again flew towards the front!
But at this time, Chen Ping did not realise that in the void, there was a seemingly non-existent boundary that followed the surrounding area into one, and could not be seen at all!
Chen Ping’s body passed through the boundary without the slightest difference!
However, when Chen Ping passed through the boundary, his body suddenly fell, and immediately after, the surrounding area turned into a grey space!
Chen Ping frowned and his body retreated backwards rapidly, he did not know what he had unintentionally intruded into, so he had to exit immediately before he could do so!
However, Chen Ping retreated for half a day and found that the surroundings were still grey and dark without the slightest change!
Chen Ping stopped and steadied himself while adjusting his breathing so that he would not be nervous!
Chen Ping then looked around, the sky and earth were covered in greyness, there was no reference at all!
Chen Ping could no longer tell the direction at this moment, nor did he know where he was!
“Could it be that this is a foreign space? Luckily, I have the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, otherwise I really wouldn’t be able to see anything.”
Chen Ping said as a flash of light flickered on his forehead and an extra eye appeared!
As the Heavenly Underworld Eye opened, Chen Ping looked in all directions!
This time, Chen Ping was a little flustered, because after the Heavenly Underworld Eye was opened, he still couldn’t see anything, and the surroundings were still grey!
“What kind of place is this ……? How can I not see anything?”
Chen Ping used his Heavenly Underworld Eyes to look around while his Divine Sense kept spreading out in all directions!
He hoped to be able to sense something with his divine sense!
Even sensing a demonic beast would do!
However, Chen Ping’s Divine Sense had already spread to its limit, but he still could not sense anything, as if this piece of heaven and earth was only Chen Ping himself!
This place was like the time when chaos had begun and heaven and earth had fused into one!
Chen Ping slowed down for a while before stabilising himself, and then found a direction and walked towards the front!
In this grey space, the surroundings were silent, and the only thing Chen Ping could hear were his own footsteps and the sound of his heartbeat.
Chen Ping kept walking like this, as if this space would never end!
After walking for almost an hour, Chen Ping stopped walking!
It was because he knew that there was no end to walking like this!
Chen Ping looked around, then crouched down trying to find a way out from the ground!
Since all around was grey and dark, he could try to look from underground!
When Chen Ping crouched down and checked the underground, he was surprised to find that there was not a single footprint left under his feet!
Logically speaking, Chen Ping should have left a series of deep footprints as he walked all the way, but at this moment, Chen Ping found that there was not a single footprint on the ground!
This discovery caused Chen Ping to be slightly shocked, and then with a vigorous stomp, a footprint half a metre deep appeared!
However, a strange thing happened, the footprint that was half a metre deep, slowly disappeared in front of Chen Ping’s eyes!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping let out a long breath and let out a cold laugh, “So it was an illusionary formation laid down by someone, able to make me fall into an illusionary formation without realising it, it seems that the person who laid down the formation is still of some level.”
Chen Ping already possessed the Origin of Illusion, as far as his art of Formation was concerned and that Origin of Illusion, the person who was able to make him unconsciously fall into the Illusion Formation must be very powerful!