Yu Jia Meng bowed her head in silence, but she had just tried to show herself hard and ended up being a bit of a braggart!
If it wasn’t for her father’s timely intervention, she would probably have been injured as well!
Yu Qian brought Yu Jia Meng to the high platform, and then said to the crowd, “The Dragon Tattoo Bell is not something that can be rung casually, it is life-threatening, if you feel that your strength is not good, don’t try to be strong, in order to ring the bell, burying your life, is it worth it?”
Yu Qian’s words made many people who were originally eager to try, all of them backed out, indeed for the sake of ringing the bell a little bit, it was not worth it to bury one’s life!
Even if they were injured, it would not be worth it at all, after all, they were here to compete, if they were injured, then how could they compete!
“Are any of you guys willing to give it a go?”
Yu Qian asked as he turned his gaze to the remaining Wind and Cloud Ranking trio behind him!
The three of them looked at each other and then shook their heads at each other, if they bothered to ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell, then the next match would definitely be affected.
“Family Master Yu, the Secret Realm Conference hasn’t been held for so many years, we’re very much like to see Family Master Yu ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell and see the spectacular scene of the three dragons taking flight ah!”
At this moment, Yao Shenghui said to Yu Qian!
Yu Qian was slightly stunned, then waved his hand and said, “I can’t do it, I’m getting old, I’m afraid I can’t even ring it anymore.”
“Family Master Yu, in that case, I would like to try again, to see if I can knock out the scene of the three dragons taking flight.”
Yao Shenghui actually wanted to go ahead and ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell again!
Yao Shenghui’s words caused everyone to be stunned, even his master Yao Qisheng frowned and said, “Shenghui, what are you talking about? Being able to ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell twice is already pretty good.”
“And you’ve only just struck the Dragon Tattoo Bell, your spiritual energy hasn’t returned yet, isn’t this going to strike again, looking for death?”
Yao Qisheng loudly reprimanded Yao Shenghui, ever since the Secret Realm Conference was held, no one had ever had such a request!
Everyone else was also talking about Yao Shenghui!
“This Yao Shenghui, as the number one on the Wind and Cloud Ranking, looks like he’s very dissatisfied with himself for ringing the Dragon Tattoo Bell twice!”
“Too crazy, he even wants to go and knock once more, even the Yu Family Master wouldn’t dare to say that he can go and knock once more, right?”
“What’s wrong with Yao Sheng Hui today? A bit abnormal?”
The crowd was talking, while that Yao Shenghui was unimpressed!
He didn’t care about his master’s reprimand and still said to Yu Qian, “Master Yu, I’m a bit dissatisfied with my performance just now, if I’m allowed to strike once more, I’m sure I’ll be able to strike the Three Dragons Taking Flight.”
Yao ShengHui had a confident look on his face, while Yu Qian was quietly looking at him, then said, “Do you want to knock out Three Dragons Taking Flight, so that the crowd can see that your strength can catch up with mine?”
Yu Qian knew that the reason why Yao Sheng Hui insisted on knocking once and had to knock three times was simply because he wanted to show his strength in front of the crowd, so that the crowd could see that he, Yao Sheng Hui, was not inferior to himself!
Yao Shenghui’s ambition was so great that it even surpassed his master, Yao Qisheng!
“Family Master Yu, as the saying goes, the waves of the Yangtze River push forward the waves of the past, and the blue is better than the blue, you don’t want us, the young descendants, to live under your wings forever, do you?”
Yao Shenghui said with a faint smile.
“Sheng Hui, why are you talking after Family Head Yu? Quickly apologise to Family Head Yu ……”
Seeing this, Yao Qisheng immediately reprimanded Yao Shenghui!
But Yu Qian waved his hand, without the slightest bit of displeasure on his face, he smiled and said, “Patriarch Yao, it’s understandable to be youthful, and all the things that will happen in the Secret Realm in the future will need to be taken over by young people, after all, we’re all getting old!”
Yu Qian then looked at Yao Sheng Hui and said, “If you want to go and strike the Dragon Tattoo Bell once more, I can promise you that, but before you strike it, I would also like to move my muscles, or else they’re all going to rust!”