Soon a palace appeared in front of Chen Ping, the palace was very majestic and looked very flooded!
And that light was coming from the palace!
Chen Ping walked into the palace and after surveying the area, he continued to walk deeper into the palace!
That light was within the main hall in the middle of the palace, and although there were doors and windows all around that were tightly closed, it was as if that light was able to penetrate through everything!
Chen Ping directly pushed open the door of the hall and stepped inside, in the middle of the hall, there was a candlestick on which a candle was lit!
The light emitted by such a candle was able to be seen by Chen Ping from a long distance away, and could also penetrate through a pathway of houses, it was really strange!
But at this moment, Chen Ping seemed to not notice anything strange and walked towards that candlelight!
“Anyone there? Is anyone there?”
Chen Ping shouted as he walked!
Since there was a candlelight present, then there must be someone here!
“There is no one here, only yourself ……”
At this moment, from all sides of the great hall, an old voice came!
Chen Ping stopped and looked around, then asked, “Aren’t you a human being? If you are not a human, how do you spit out human words?”
The other party obviously froze for a moment, then laughed out loud, “I’m not a human, I’m a god, a god who controls your life and death, and after arriving here, I’m the one who will control your life and death.”
As the words fell, an aura suddenly appeared around the great hall, then came up and wrapped Chen Ping, causing Chen Ping to struggle desperately, the spiritual energy in his body constantly depleting!
The counterpart did not seem to want to kill Chen Ping, but was about to consume Chen Ping’s spiritual energy so that Chen Ping would finally lose the ability to resist!
“Let me go, let me go, who the hell are you?”
Chen Ping struggled, panic in his eyes!
“I said, I am the god of this place, since you are here, you have to listen to me!”
The old voice was somewhat smug!
Chen Ping kept begging for mercy, struggling desperately, the spiritual energy in his body was rapidly draining away, and in the end, Chen Ping did not even have the strength to move!
Chen Ping collapsed helplessly on the ground, panting heavily, his forehead covered in cold sweat!
At this time, the aura had disappeared, and the candlelight in the great hall became brighter!
Three silhouettes slowly appeared within the grand hall, and one of them, an old man in a long robe, was looking at Chen Ping proudly!
“How many is this?”
The old man asked to a middle-aged man in green robes beside him!
“Elder Zang, it’s already the 9,847th, just one step away from 10,000 people.”
The green-robed middle-aged man said!
“These humans, they are really stupid enough, the more mysterious the place, the more they like to come, the more places they are not allowed to come, the more curious they are.”
“If things go on like this, in less than three years, we’ll be able to gather enough 10,000 people, and then we’ll be able to refine it into the Ten Thousand Heart Pill, that’ll be something really good.”
That Zang Lao said with a smile!
Chen Ping was lying on the ground, observing the three people in front of him, the three people did not have the aura of a human cultivator, all of them had a strong demonic aura!
Moreover, these three people were not the original body, they were just a shadow!
In that case, it seemed that the place where Chen Ping was now, must be an illusionary formation, so these three fellows were just shadows projecting themselves, and had not entered their real bodies into the illusionary formation!
“Brother Deer, go and dig out that brat’s heart, be careful, if that brat dies, in the heart dug out will be useless.”
That green-robed middle-aged man said to the person beside him!
That Brother Deer nodded, holding a brightly shining knife in his hand, looking like he was light on his feet!
Chen Ping saw that Brother Deer got to walk over, so he stood up from the ground with a smile on his face!
“You still have the strength to stand up?”
Old Man Zang asked at Chen Ping with some surprise!