At this moment, Chen Ping was taking a plane to Xichuan.
He now had to use the Demon Subduing Tower to quickly improve his strength in order to save his mother and Su Yuqi before the New Year.
About five hours or so later, the plane stopped steadily in Xichuan!
After calling a taxi, Chen Ping headed to the Gu Family Manor.
The Gu Family Manor, which was originally thought to be in ruins, had now rebuilt its walls and machines were roaring inside the manor!
This instantly made Chen Ping a little puzzled, as he wondered who had actually taken over the Gu Family Manor within these short ten days.
When Chen Ping reached the entrance, he was stopped by the guards. Seeing that he could not get in at the entrance, Chen Ping leapt and jumped straight over the fence.
Chen Ping intended to check out the Devil Suppressing Tower. If the place was redeveloped by someone, just some ordinary developer, Chen Ping intended to pay to buy the place!
Since there was no way to take away the Devil Zhen Tower, he would make this place his own. Chen Ping even planned to make this place a sect and start his own sect so that he could follow the Martial Alliance and fight against it.
Although Chen Ping had the Heavenly Dragon Hall, it was not suitable for him to expose it. Chen Ping could reopen the sect and then gather several halls of the Heavenly Dragon Hall together.
In that case, Chen Ping’s strength would increase greatly, and then in conjunction with the secrets of the Demon Subduing Tower, it would not be impossible to save his mother and Su Yuqi years ago.
After Chen Ping dodged the construction workers in the manor and walked to the Demon Subduing Tower, he immediately spotted several Martial Zongs under the Tower.
After seeing these few Martial Sects, Chen Ping’s brow instantly furrowed.
The presence of these Martial Sects proved that this Gu Family Manor was not an ordinary developer redeveloping it, but must be some clan family that had taken over the place.
Chen Ping now hoped that this certain clan family had not yet discovered the secret of the Demon Subduing Tower, in which case, Chen Ping could still negotiate with the other party.
At this moment, several Martial Sect experts also discovered Chen Ping, and immediately one of them stopped Chen Ping: “Who are you? How did you barge in here?”
Seeing Chen Ping, the several Martial Sect experts were all very nervous, after all, ordinary people would not come near this place.
“This is my place, I just want to ask, who are you people? Why have you taken up my place?”
Chen Ping asked in an anti-climactic manner.
With this question, Chen Ping directly baffled the few Martial Sect experts.
They did not know who Chen Ping was either, and when they heard Chen Ping say this, they thought that Chen Ping was someone else from the Gu Family.
So the Martial Sect expert who had spoken gave a wink towards the others and told to go and fetch Uncle Zhong.
As long as Uncle Zhong was brought in, it would be easy to explain.
Soon, Uncle Zhong was fetched, and when Uncle Zhong saw Chen Ping for the first time, he was directly frozen.
“He …… him …………”
Uncle Zhong pointed at Chen Ping and was so frightened that he couldn’t even speak for a while.
And Chen Ping also recognized Zhong Bo, and the corner of his mouth lifted slightly: “It seems that all these people, you recruited them?”
“He is Chen Ping, he is Chen Ping ……”
Zhong Bo finally shouted out.
As soon as the several Ning Family Martial Sect experts heard this, their faces were instantly shocked, followed by their breaths soaring as they flashed their weapons.
As soon as Chen Ping reached out, he directly smashed that Zhong Bo’s head with a slap.
Chen Ping did this to kill and silence him, he knew that this Zhong Bo, as an old steward of the Gu family, must know the secrets of this Demon Tower.
Although he did not know if this Zhong Bo had revealed the secret of this Demon Subduing Tower, he still killed him first.
“You dare to kill my Ning Family’s people, D*mn you ……”
A Martial Sect expert said with a grimace on his face.
“You are from the Ning Family in Kyoto?”
Chen Ping frowned.
He did not expect that people from the Ning Family would come here, but when he thought about the fact that Ning Zhi followed Gu Kaiyuan at that time was the one who was mixed up and wanted to put himself to death, so it was not surprising that people from the Ning Family came here.