Seeing that the old man had actually blocked off the roads around him, Chen Ping’s face instantly became unsightly!
Since he had no intentions, why did he seal off the path?
“Royal Fire Steps ……”
Chen Ping executed the Royal Fire Steps to escape from this place, even if the paths around him were blocked, the Royal Fire Steps possessed the ability to space jump!
Although Chen Ping’s current spatial jump distance would not be too far, there was still no problem to get out of this blockade!
If the distance of the spatial blockage was very large, then Chen Ping’s Royal Fire Steps would be useless!
Fortunately, this old man was only blocking this part of the hill, he was not expecting that Chen Ping still had a technique like the Royal Fire Steps!
Seeing Chen Ping’s body suddenly disappear, the old man was visibly stunned.
“Somewhat interesting, to think that he still knows this kind of technique!”
After the old man finished speaking, he casually grabbed his hand!
Countless divine patterns came out from his palm, followed by suspension around the heaven and earth!
The entire mountain was enveloped by the divine patterns, and when Chen Ping’s Royal Fire Steps suddenly flashed out, it suddenly seemed like it was pulled by a force.
When Chen Ping’s figure appeared, he realised that he was actually standing in the same place, and the old man was smilingly looking right at him!
At this moment, Chen Ping was somewhat baffled!
Just now, he had clearly executed the Royal Fire Steps, so how did he not move at all?
“I’m not going to harm you, why are you running?”
The old man smiled faintly, followed by a wave of his hand, and a large amount of divine lines directly rushed towards Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw this, the Supreme Fire within his body instantly surged out, and his entire body became a fireman!
This was because whether it was a talisman or a rune, they were all afraid of flames!
However, when those divine lines met Chen Ping’s Supreme Fire, they did not even have the slightest stagnation and instantly wrapped Chen Ping up!
Chen Ping frowned tightly, under the Heavenly Underworld Eye, these divine patterns were all clearly visible, as densely packed as moths!
Chen Ping pinched his fingers and quickly broke the divine lines on his body, while continuously retreating backwards!
These divine patterns did not have too much offensive power, and it was very simple to break them!
However, such a large scale of divine patterns, densely packed like locusts, even if they were simple, it would be difficult for an average person to resist them!
Chen Ping’s forehead had long since filled with cold sweat, fortunately with the help of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Chen Ping could clearly see the trajectory of the divine patterns!
Chen Ping’s speed of striking out became faster and faster, and in the end, he stood motionless, his hands waving out remnants of shadows!
A divine pattern was broken in front of Chen Ping!
As the old man looked at Chen Ping, his eyes lit up, “This kid really does have some skills, no wonder that Gu Tianzhao was desperately trying to recommend me, it’s really interesting.”
After the old man finished speaking, suddenly the yellow robe on his body flew up, and the complex patterns on top of the yellow robe instantly transformed into a cage, shrouding Chen Ping directly!
This time, Chen Ping had no way in breaking the cage!
“Who the hell are you? Why are you trapping me?”
“If you want to capture me and go follow the Demon Sealing Alliance to ask for a reward, then just die, if I get angry, this crap of yours won’t be able to trap me.”
Chen Ping coldly looked at the old man and asked!
Chen Ping just didn’t want to use the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, if he gave control of his body to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, how could this cage trap him!
However, in that case, Chen Ping himself was afraid that he would have to suffer a very heavy injury, or perhaps this physical body would be directly destroyed!
“Hahaha, what a big mouth, but I like it.”
The old man laughed out loud and with a wave of his hand, all the divine patterns and that cage disappeared!
Chen Ping saw that the old man really did not have any malicious intent, and then he was relieved no less!
“Don’t you want the Two Yi Sect’s formation essence? What I performed just now was the essence of the Two Yi Sect, have you learnt it?”
The corners of the old man’s mouth rose slightly as he asked with a smile!
Chen Ping was stunned, then immediately reacted, “Are you the Divine Formation Ancestor of the Two Yi Sect?”