Kyoto, the Dragon Family!
“What’s going on, it’s been a whole day, how can the one-eyed dragon do his job? Can’t even do this little thing?”
Long Xiao’s brow furrowed when he saw that One-Eyed Dragon hadn’t returned yet.
“Could there be an accident?”
Long Jingguo had a vague uneasiness in his heart!
“Dad, there won’t be any accidents, that One-Eyed Dragon is a Seventh Grade Martial Marquis, a proper late Martial Marquis realm, how could a small Pill God Valley not be able to deal with it!”
“What I’m afraid of now is that there are other people who will interfere and spoil things for our Long Family, after all, many sects and families also see the Pill God Valley as a piece of fat meat!”
What Long Xiao was worried about now was that there were other people who would make trouble out of it!
Even though most of the clans and families in the martial arts world of Kyoto had already bowed down to the Dragon Family, they were not truly submissive, and Long Xiao knew this!
If someone really was secretly sending bad vibes, it was something that could not be said.
“Should we send someone to take a look?”
Long Jingguo asked. ,
“It’s better to wait ……” Long Xiao looked at the time and decided to wait!
At the same time, in the secret room of the Martial Alliance!
A sky-rushing terrifying force emanated out, if it wasn’t for the barrier of the secret room, this terrifying force, would have caused a stir!
Ning Zhi slowly opened his eyes, feeling the unprecedented power in his body, and the corners of his mouth lifted up!
“Great Martial Marquis, this is the power of a Great Martial Marquis, it really is extraordinary ……”
Ning Zhi clenched his fists, his eyes erupting with a brilliant aura!
Walking out of the secret room, Ning Zhi headed straight for the hall!
“Vice-Lord Ning ……”
Seeing Ning Zhi emerge from the hall, those within the Martial Dao Alliance came forward to greet him!
“Where’s Alliance Master Zhu?”
Ning Zhi asked.
During the time he had been in seclusion, Ning Zhi knew nothing at all about all that had happened in the martial dao world of Kyoto!
Seeing that Ning Zhi had asked about Zhu Zhishan, everyone lowered their heads, wanting to speak but not to!
Ning Zhi’s heart shook, he knew that something was definitely wrong.
“Speak up, where is the Zhu Allied Lord?”
Ning Zhi’s face turned cold as he questioned loudly.
At this moment, a member of the Martial Alliance stepped forward and told Ning Zhi exactly what had happened during this time, following him.
As soon as Ning Zhi heard this, he looked a little surprised!
“This Long Xiao is so bold as to want to subjugate the entire Kyoto Martial Dao community, it’s too wild ……”
A cold aura flashed in Ning Zhi’s eyes.
“Vice Alliance Master Ning, now the Dragon Family’s family head, has already appointed himself the position of Alliance Master, asking us all to listen to the Dragon Family.”
A member of the Martial Dao Alliance said.
“As the Zhu Alliance Master has died, then I will be promoted to the position of Alliance Master as a matter of course, so all of you just listen to me, now go and summon the various member clans of the Martial Dao Alliance to a meeting immediately!”
Ning Zhi said with a grim expression on his face.
“Vice Alliance Master Ning, that Long Xiao is now a Grand Martial Marquis, and his methods are cruel, many clans and families are very afraid of him ……”
That Martial Dao Alliance member said.
“Hmph, he is a Grand Martial Marquis, why wouldn’t I be ……”
When Ning Zhi finished speaking, the aura from his body suddenly shot up into the sky, instantly causing a vision of heaven and earth as lightning flashed!
“Holy sh*t, could it be that someone else has broken through the Great Martial Marquis?”
“It’s in the direction of the Martial Dao Alliance, someone from the Martial Dao Alliance has broken through to a Grand Martial Marquis!”
“Who is it? Who has this kind of ability?”
Many people were talking and speculating.
Soon, numerous clans and families were summoned within the Martial Dao Alliance, and many of the Dragon Family had also received the news!
“Young master, many clan families have now gone to the Martial Dao Alliance for a meeting, and there are still people saying that the lord’s position of alliance master is self-appointed and doesn’t count!”
A Long Family subordinate hurriedly followed Long Xiao and said.
“How could this happen? What kind of person is so bold as to openly go against my Long family?”
Long Xiao was instantly furious and said.
“I’m not sure either, but someone said that within the Martial Dao Alliance, there was also someone who had broken through the Great Martial Marquis, and that was why those clans and families were called to a meeting.”
The subordinate shook his head!