“Leader …………”
Zhao Wuji saw Chang Aidun running out in a panic and hurriedly greeted him!
“Wuji, you haven’t left yet?” Chang Wanjun was a little surprised to see Zhao Wuji still there.
“Leader, Mr. Chen said that it was impossible for that Yuan Baozhong to cure your son’s illness, and said that you would come out and beg him in ten minutes, and now you have indeed come out!”
Zhao Wuji said after Chang Yanjun.
Only then did Chang Yuan Jun notice Chen Ping sitting on the sofa drinking tea, but now Chang Yuan Jun was not in the mood to reprimand Chen Ping, what he was most worried about was his son!
“Master Yuan, how is my son? What is that worm and why did it come out of my son’s mouth? Can you save my son?”
Chang Wanjun walked up to Yuan Baozhong and questioned him.
Yuan Baozhong had a difficult face, his whole face was twisted in an ugly way, he had just made a big speech, now if he said he had no way to save him, would Chang Wanjun let him go?
“You don’t need to beg him, he simply doesn’t have the ability to save your son, if he had the ability, he wouldn’t have run out in such a sorry state ……”
Chen Ping, who was sitting on the sofa, spoke up.
Chang Wanjun turned his head to look at Chen Ping, although he distrusted Chen Ping, after all, Chen Ping was too young, but at this point, he had to believe it, so he turned to Chen Ping and asked, “Mr. Chen can save my son?”
“I said I could save him, but you don’t believe me!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
With a single word, Chang Yuan Jun was embarra*sed and inwardly it was like a five-flavoured bottle had been tipped over, he didn’t know how to describe it.
“Mr. Chen, the leader was also hoodwinked by that Yuan Baozhong, I still hope you won’t take it personally and give your hand to save the leader’s son!”
Zhao Wuji was afraid that Chen Ping, because of what had just happened, had anger in his heart and would not step in to save him, so he persuaded.
“Alright!” Chen Ping put the tea cup aside, then stood up.
“Kid, what are you pretending to be, do you know what the leader’s son’s body is planted with? Where is the mind damaged and frightened as you say.”
Yuan Baozhong saw that Chen Ping really dared to go in and give it a try, so he questioned Chen Ping.
“Isn’t it just a tiny puppet worm? Look at how scared you are, just you are worthy of being called the No. 1 Master of Arts in China Hong Kong, I think it is more like calling you the No. 1 Master of Liars in China Hong Kong.”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful smile as the corners of his mouth rose.
Yuan Baozhong was furious at Chen Ping’s comment and said, “A small puppet worm? When you see it, you will know whether it is a tiny puppet worm or not, do you know that the puppet worm is the most poisonous worm in the Miao Village, capable of manipulating people’s minds, just like you go in, you will immediately become a puppet ……”
Chen Ping laughed and did not pay attention to Yuan Baozhong, he had killed hundreds of puppet bugs in Xuan Yue Valley, would he not know this thing, puppet bugs are scary in other people’s eyes, but in Chen Ping’s eyes there is no difference with ordinary bugs.
But just as Chen Ping was about to open the bedroom door, Yuan Baozhong was so frightened that he hid behind Chen Ping, the number one master of magic in China and Hong Kong, now in this state, it was simply ridiculous!
And at this moment, when Chang Wanjun saw Yuan Baozhong in that state, he was also extremely disappointed. Thinking about how he was still so respectful to Yuan Baozhong just now, but he did not trust Chen Ping at all, Chang Wanjun was even more embarra*sed in his heart.
Chen Ping opened the door of his room and a black mist rushed out at once. Before Chen Ping could enter the door, he only saw a black shadow rushing out!
Zhao Wuji hastily shielded Chang Wanjun, while that Yuan Baozhong was pulling Zou Zhaolong backwards quickly!
Only Chen Ping did not move a muscle. Seeing the black shadow suddenly rush out, Chen Ping reached out and grabbed it!
When the black fog cleared, the crowd saw that it was Chang Yuan who was in Chen Ping’s hand, and Chang Yuan’s eyes were red and his face was fierce as he kept reaching towards Chen Ping!