“Where, where is this? Why are there so many immortal stones?”
Mo Qingyun said, her face full of disbelief!
“This is inside the Demon-Suppressing Tower, these immortal stones were obtained from a treasure trove.”
“You can recover here in peace, in this Demon-Suppressing Tower, time flows extremely fast.”
“That is to say, one year outside is equivalent to a hundred years inside the tower.”
Chen Ping said!
“What?” Mo Qingyun looked at Chen Ping in shock, “You’re not deceiving me, are you?”
“Why would I deceive you? It’s true, just focus on cultivating, you’ll see when you leave.”
After speaking, Chen Ping ignored Mo Qingyun and quietly began to cultivate!
Seeing this, Mo Qingyun also sat cross-legged and started to recover!
While Chen Ping and the others were cultivating, Huo Zhao led the people of the Eight Halls towards the Cangxuan Continent!
One reason was to rendezvous with the Great Elder, and the other was to find a place to settle.
Because in this First Heaven, there was no place for the Eight Halls!
Even the Divine Speed Sect was not in this First Heaven!
Huo Zhao, due to his injured soul, had brought the Eight Halls to the First Heaven to recuperate and had taken control of Feihu City, using it to plunder resources everywhere.
Originally, he thought that with the strength of the Eight Halls, they would be invincible in the First Heaven.
But who would’ve thought that Chen Ping would come to the First Heaven and cause such a huge commotion!
Now Huo Zhao had to regain control of a new place!
After much thought, the Cangxuan Continent was the most suitable!
The Cangxuan Continent was vast, more than ten times the size of Feihu City, with hundreds of cities, and it was the largest dwelling place for the human race.
However, the strength of the human race on the Cangxuan Continent was generally low, and the ruler of the entire continent was merely at the third rank of the Loose Immortal Realm!
Thus, the people of the Eight Halls, bringing Feihu City’s soldiers, directly plundered the resources of the Cangxuan Continent and enslaved its people.
The law of the jungle, this was an eternal truth!
Three days later, Chen Ping had fully recovered, and Mo Qingyun had recovered as well, though her Mo Family Spear could never be retrieved!
“How do you feel?” Chen Ping asked!
“After cultivating for nearly a year, I’ve fully recovered!”
Mo Qingyun said with a smile!
Chen Ping smiled, said nothing, and led Mo Qingyun out of the Demon-Suppressing Tower.
Upon leaving the tower, Mo Qingyun was stunned, as she noticed that in this one year, the surroundings had barely changed!
At this moment, Hu Mazi glanced over and casually said, “All recovered, huh?”
“Recovered, do you want to go in and cultivate for a while too?”
Chen Ping asked!
“No need, I’m fine, but I’m running low on talismans, I need to find materials to make more.”
Hu Mazi said!
“Fellow Daoist, how long have we been cultivating?” Mo Qingyun asked Hu Mazi!
“Three days, it’s only been three days!”
Hu Mazi said!
“Three days?” Mo Qingyun was shocked, looking at Chen Ping in disbelief, now fully convinced of his words!
Three days outside, yet nearly a year had passed inside the tower!
If one cultivated in the tower continuously, their cultivation speed would be a hundred times faster than others’.
Mo Qingyun grew somewhat excited!
But in an instant, her expression changed, “Oh no…”
“What’s wrong?” Chen Ping asked, puzzled!
“The Cangxuan Continent is in trouble, someone is forcibly taking control of the entire continent.”
Mo Qingyun said anxiously!
“How do you know? Are you really from the Cangxuan Continent?”
Chen Ping asked!
Mo Qingyun shook her head, “I’m not from the Cangxuan Continent, but I’ve lived there for many years.”
“I’m the eldest miss of the Mo Family, our family is from the Second Heaven, but something happened back then, and I came to live in the Cangxuan Continent of the First Heaven for many years.”