“I’m the one who forgot, I won’t next time.” Cousin Uncle Shen Mengchen smiled awkwardly, then looked at Chen Ping followed by Hu Ma Zi and said, “Who are these two?”
“Cousin uncle, these are my two friends ……”
Bai Zhantang said.
“Oh, then please come in, please come in ……”
Shen Mengchen’s cousin uncle, hurriedly invited Chen Ping and them all into the room!
After ordering someone to serve tea, Shen Mengchen’s cousin uncle left!
Shen Mengchen was too tired from the plane ride, so she also went to her room to rest, while Bai Zhantang accompanied Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi!
“Master Hu, did you see the oddity of that man just now?”
Chen Ping asked with a smile on his face.
“En, a body aura of evil, most likely an evil cultivator!”
Hu Puzi said indifferently.
“Evil cultivator?” At this moment, the side of the Bai Zhan Tang backwards sucked a breath of cold air!
“Zhan Tang, who the hell is this person? And why is he in the Shen family, it looks like he is not of low status in the Shen family ……”
Chen Ping asked to Bai Zhantang.
“Mr. Chen, that person is a cousin of Meng Chen, called Teng Cheng Lin, Meng Chen’s father died, the large family business were given to Meng Chen, she a girl is difficult to manage over, it just so happens that this cousin of her uncle found here, so he stayed!”
“But this person is also a business genius, this short year, the Shen family in order, and also earned a lot of money.”
“Mengchen intends that after we get married, let her cousin uncle has been taking care of the Shen family, after all, after the birth of a child, Mengchen to recuperate in Kyoto, can not run to the White Sea City every day.”
Bai Zhantang said to Chen Ping.
“So it seems that this cousin uncle is also quite good, maybe I am too sensitive ……”
Hearing Bai Zhantang say this, Chen Ping’s heart relaxed his guard a few times!
Able to help take care of the family business for a year, but also made such achievements, then this Teng Chenglin is also really good!
After a few more small talk, Chen Ping and they all went to rest!
At this time, in a room of the Shen family, more than a dozen people hidden inside, each of them emitting the aura of a great master!
In this kind of place, to be able to appear so many Grand Masters at the same time, is also absolutely the most bullying power!
Teng Chenglin looked around, and then went inside the room!
“How’s it going?”
One of the leading men asked.
“Go back and report to the patriarch, the Shen family’s girl has returned, the wedding will be held in three days, and by then all the dignified people in White Sea City will be there!”
“By then is the opportunity, our Broken Heart Sect can dominate the entire White Sea City, from now on no longer need to sneak around, I worked hard to hide in the Su family for a year, this is also worth it.”
Teng Chenglin said to the leader.
“Okay, I’ll go now, but you should always keep an eye on it, see if they bring any experts over, that Bai Zhan Tang is a Kyoto man, if he brings two experts, we’ll be in trouble.”
The leader advised to Teng Chenglin.
“Don’t worry about it, bring an old man and a young man, nothing strength ……”
Teng Chenglin said with confidence.
The Shen family was preparing for the wedding of Bai Zhantang and Shen Mengchen, so no one noticed that the Shen family had more than a dozen people!
After a night’s rest in the Shen family, Chen Ping and Hu Pazi got up early.
They planned to go look for the ancient relics of the Heavenly Rune Sect!
Although there was a map drawing down the general location, but it was not that simple to really find the entrance to the ancient ruins.
If the entrance was seen at a glance, then the others would have found the relics long ago!
Because Bai Zhantang to take care of Shen Mengchen, and can not accompany Chen Ping and Hu Pazi together!
But still sent a car that could be used by Chen Ping at their leisure!
According to the location on the map, Chen Ping and Hu Pazi soon arrived at the place!
Chen Ping looked at the lofty mountains, and the canyon between the two mountains, and a familiar feeling instantly hit him!
“Could it be that the ancient ruins are in this Xuan Yue Valley?”
Chen Ping looked at the Xuan Yue Valley and felt a bit incredulous!
“You’ve been here before?” Hu Ma Zi asked.
“En, I was here a year ago ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head!