But now Chen Ping actually knew this blood jade, and it looked like one blood jade could not satisfy Chen Ping at all!
But Gu Tianzhao, as the Elder of Two Yi Sect, only had one blood jade!
“Of course not, this blood jade of mine is just a deposit, when you help me become the Two Yi Sect Sect Master, I can give you ten blood jades how about it?”
Gu Tianzhao asked tentatively!
Chen Ping shook his head, “I feel it is still a bit risky.”
“What exactly do you want? Our Two Yi Sect only has a dozen or so blood jades, can’t I give you ten?”
Gu Tianzhao was a little anxious!
Chen Ping saw Gu Tianzhao’s appearance and knew that Gu Tianzhao would not lie, it looked like the Two Yi Sect really only had a dozen blood jades!
It was impossible to give them all to him, ten was already the limit!
So Chen Ping said, “It’s not that I want more of this blood jade, I also want to get the essence of your Two Yi Sect’s formation.”
“Don’t tell me that a formation sect as big as your Two Yi Sect wouldn’t have no essence, right?”
Upon hearing this, Gu Tianzhao eased up slightly and said, “So you want our Two Yi Sect’s Divine Patterns, you should have just said so earlier.”
“Not bad, I want your Two Yi Sect’s Divine Pattern!”
Chen Ping nodded!
In fact, how did Chen Ping know what divine pattern of the Two Yi Sect, just now it was just a test, I didn’t expect this Gu Tian to say it towards himself!
“Good, I will find a way to introduce you to the Divine Pattern Ancestor, but whether or not you can obtain the Divine Pattern and whether or not you can condense the Divine Pattern, that’s up to you.”
“But let me tell you, divine lines aren’t that easy to condense, you might go off the deep end.”
Gu Tianzhao said!
“Then you don’t need to worry about it, you just need to promise me!”
Chen Ping at the moment, was completely following Gu Tianzhao in his nonsense, looking like he had a plan, in fact, Chen Ping didn’t know anything at the moment.
“I have a sound transmission jade slip here, when I return to the Two Yi Sect, when the time is right, I will inform you.”
“As long as you help me to become the Two Yi Sect Sect Master, then our Two Yi Sect and your Purple Flame Sect will surely be eternally on the same page and co-operate for a win-win situation!”
Gu Tianzhao said with some excitement!
“Look at you, you don’t look like a wimp, why were you scared like that at that time?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
Gu Tianzhao smiled, “If I acted like I wasn’t scared and was very tough, would you still lock me up?”
“Of course I can’t, I would have killed you on the spot, how could I spare someone who is a threat to me!”
Chen Ping said!
“Hahaha, isn’t that right, if I wasn’t like that, how would I have been able to co-operate today.”
“I originally came to help Huo Yuan Ting, I came privately and also followed Huo Yuan Ting’s secret co-operation, he would help me take the position of the Two Yi Sect’s Sect Master.”
“But who knows that this guy is not competitive and was defeated by you, so I could only find you to talk about it.”
Gu Tianzhao said!
“Then aren’t you afraid that I won’t agree and then kill you after?”
Chen Ping was a little curious, this guy was able to escape but didn’t, while waiting for himself, he wasn’t afraid that he would kill him!
“There is no hatred that cannot be dissolved by benefits, I just need to give you enough benefits, I believe you won’t kill me.”
“That’s how it is in the Celestial Realm, profit is the greatest.”
“Now haven’t you still promised me and not killed me?”
Gu Tianzhao said somewhat smugly!
“You are right, now you can go ……”
Chen Ping also had to admit that this Gu Tianzhao did have some brains as well.
The main thing was that the benefits given were too great, especially that blood jade, something from the heavenly realm, was too precious!
After Gu Tianzhao handed over the blood jade to Chen Ping, he stepped out of the dungeon!
Seeing Gu Tianzhao being released by Chen Ping, many people felt surprised, but none of them dared to say anything!
After all, Chen Ping was now the Sect Master of the Purple Flame Sect!
What’s more, Chen Ping’s strength was evident to all, and they were all shocked by Chen Ping!