The hunchbacked old man’s body, on the other hand, was struck and quickly swept backwards, smashing heavily on top of a mountain rock not far away!
The disciples of the five great sects were all pleasantly surprised when faced with the sudden appearance of the light!
The appearance of the light also meant that the Ghost Fiend Sect’s formation was broken!
As long as the formation was broken, they would have a hope of escape!
But they were curious to know what kind of person it was that had broken the formation, and had easily disposed of dozens of severe ghosts, as well as sending the hunchbacked old man flying in an instant!
What kind of person was it that had such a strong strength!
In the midst of that light, Chen Ping appeared in a golden armour, with the Unbreakable Gold on his body, making Chen Ping as if he was a heavenly god!
Where the golden light shone, the black mist dispersed like a tidal wave!
Chen Ping landed beside the disciples of the five great clans and stared angrily at the hunchbacked old man!
“Patriarch Chen ……”
The disciples of the five great clans saw Patriarch Chen beside Chen Ping!
However, after seeing that Patriarch Chen was only a remnant soul, these disciples also instantly understood what was going on!
But at this time, they were simply too late to grieve!
“Where is Patriarch Luo?”
Seeing that there were only the disciples of the five great clans and Patriarch Luo was nowhere to be seen, Patriarch Chen asked!
“We broke out separately, Patriarch Luo was preparing to break out from the other side.”
A sect disciple said!
When Patriarch Chen heard this, he was filled with worry!
“Patriarch Chen, take the remaining disciples and go find Patriarch Luo immediately, now that the formation is broken, Patriarch Luo should not be in any serious trouble!”
Chen Ping said to Patriarch Chen!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, then you ……”
Patriarch Chen was afraid that Chen Ping would not be able to cope on his own!
“Don’t worry, I’m still confident in dealing with a Transition Realm eighth grade minor demonic cultivator, I’ll catch up with you soon.”
Chen Ping said!
“Good then, take care!”
After Patriarch Chen finished speaking, he led the remaining clan disciples and rushed towards the direction where Patriarch Luo had broken out!
The hunchbacked old man had risen at this moment, his face full of gloom!
When he saw Chen Ping, he narrowed his eyes and said, “So it’s you kid, today it’s just right to kill you so that I can go back and follow the left ally to get my orders back!”
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately laughed, “Indeed, it was the Demon Sealing Alliance that sent you here, you Demon Sealing Alliance lackeys.”
“Have you been scared by the Demon Sealing Alliance and are willing to lie on the ground and be a dog?”
“I see that you are extremely heavy with Yin Fiend Qi, you must be demonic cultivators of the Yin Demon lineage, you really disgrace your Yin Demon Ancestors!”
Chen Ping was sneering at the hunchbacked old man!
“Kid, you’re f*cking looking for death!”
The hunchbacked old man seemed to have been spoken to a sore spot and directly became anxious!
Only to see him wave his big hand, countless black qi on his body began to diffuse, his breath shook tens of miles, and the black qi once again diffused into a large fog!
As the black mist churned, a mournful ghostly cry rang out, and thousands of stern ghosts coalesced!
These ghosts were unpredictable, gathering and scattering and hissing!
Along with the hunchbacked old man’s palm waving, those stern ghosts came towards Chen Ping from all directions!
Even under Chen Ping’s feet, there were also severe ghosts constantly attacking!
Chen Ping looked at those stern ghosts, the corner of his mouth hooked into a cold smile!
“These Netherworldly Knightly Ghosts of yours are simply too petty to hurt me.”
“But if I transform into a stern ghost, I can make these stern ghosts of yours fly away!”
Chen Ping said disdainfully.
“Joke, how can you possibly manifest a stern ghost, you are not a demonic cultivator, much less know the art of Yin Fury, do you really think that this stern ghost illusion is so simple?”
The hunchbacked old man said with a cold smile.
He did not believe that Chen Ping had the ability to hallucinate a stern ghost!
Along with the black mist in the hunchbacked old man’s hands continuously erupting, those severe ghosts were getting more and more numerous and surrounded Chen Ping in a group!
“If you don’t believe me, then watch!”
Chen Ping steeply leapt up and a black ball of light unexpectedly appeared in his palm!
“Transform ……”
Chen Ping threw the black ball of light in his hand gently, and it burst into flames!
Amidst a surge of black gas, a stern ghost several zhang in size with a hideous face appeared!
Moreover, the body of the stern ghost that Chen Ping had conjured up seemed to be solidified!