The Ten Temples!
Huo Qing was lying in his own chambers, not leaving the Ten Temples, and he wasn’t afraid of the Ten Temples Lord looking for trouble from him!
He had come to the Ten Temples, but he was just going through the motions, and he was just a gold-plated person. The Huo family was also a prestigious family in the Divine Race, and a Ten Temples Lord wouldn’t dare to do anything to him!
Just as Huo Qing was lying leisurely, the skinny old man walked in!
“How’s it going? Is that Chen Ping dead?”
Huo Qing asked!
“Young master, although quite a few people have travelled to the Xiao Dynasty, they haven’t made a move at the moment, they should be wary of something!”
The thin old man said!
“I know what they are scrupulous about, it’s normal for them not to make a move, after all, 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, it’s not certain if the Ten Temples can take them out.”
“On top of that Chen Ping has a high ranking person behind him, there’s no way these guys won’t investigate, and they won’t be able to be casually used by us!”
Huo Qing seemed to have anticipated this!
“Young Master, that Sun Moon City’s Lin Ke Dong has also brought people to Xiao Dynasty, presumably for the Execution Order as well.”
The thin old man said!
“What?”Huo Qing dabbed and sat up, “That idiot fell for it too?”
“Hahaha, thanks to that Lin Chong who boasts of his quick mind, I didn’t expect to give birth to a stupid son, if that Lin Ke Dong killed Chen Ping, it would be much more lively!”
“Young Master, would that Lin Ke Dong be that stupid to make a move on that Chen Ping? There are already quite a few cultivators around the Xiao Dynasty, if others don’t make a move, surely he won’t do it either, right?”The thin old man said!
“If he doesn’t make a move, we’ll just stimulate him.”
After Huo Qing finished speaking, he directly pulled out his storage bag and threw it to the old man, “This is 20,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, go and take it to Lin Ke Dong, tell him that it’s a deposit from our Ten Temples, seeing this many Immortal Spirit Stones, he definitely won’t hesitate!”
“Young Master, twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones are just going to be given out?”
The old man held the Immortal Spirit Stones with great reluctance!
“Shedding the child won’t catch the wolf, as long as that Lin Ke Dong kills Chen Ping, he will definitely follow the Ten Temples to ask for the remaining eighty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, at that time, I’ll see how the Ten Temples Lord handles it!”
Huo Qing finished and waved his hand!
The old man retreated, looking at the twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones in his hand, his eyes filled with heat!
This was twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones!
He himself wanted to personally kill Chen Ping and then monopolise the Immortal Spirit Stones!
However, he knew that he was no match for that Chen Ping!
…………
Sun Moon City!
Lin Chong was still playing chess with Daoist Wuji, and it often took tens of days for the two of them to distinguish a winner from a loser!
“Father, Father, Big Brother is missing, I heard from the guards that Big Brother left Sun Moon City!”
The oldest four, Lin Kefan, hurriedly ran into the great hall and said!
“What did your big brother do? Didn’t he have Ruoya following him, he should be fine.”
Lin Chong was still holding the chess pieces, thinking about what to do next!
“Father, it’s very likely that my elder brother saw the execution order and went to kill that Chen Ping, 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones are indeed very tempting to him.”
Lin Kefan analysed!
“What?”The chess piece in Lin Chong’s hand dropped, his brows deeply furrowed, “This stupid thing, how can he believe in the Ten Temples’ execution order, those Divine Race cultivators, each and every one of them is incredibly proud and arrogant, how can they possibly take out 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones to reward someone for nothing.”
“You immediately go and chase your big brother back, this idiot is going to give the Ten Temples as a gun, it really pisses me off, if this lets the people of the Ten Temples know about it, this old face of mine will be a disgrace!”
Lin Chong was really angry and yelled with a red face!
“Father, my big brother may not listen to me ……”
Lin Kefan said with a difficult face!
“Take my token and go, if he doesn’t listen, let him never return to Sun Moon City, let him fend for himself!”
Lin Chong threw Lin Kefan a token!
Lin Kefan took the token, and only then did he lead the way to leave in a hurry!