“You …… you bold madman ……”
The woman’s face turned red with anger when Hu Ma Zi said this.
Chen Ping also saw at a glance that this woman was just a soul, even though she was strong before, she could not exert much strength now.
“This young lady, I heard that there is a divine sword in the Asking Sword Sect, and it is here in the land of the sword mound, so we just came to take a look!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Bah, don’t think I don’t know what you are trying to do, with me here, you won’t be able to enter the land of the sword mound ……”
The woman said, suddenly reaching out her hand, “Sword come ……”
The woman waved her right hand, and with a buzzing sound, a sword qi broke through the air, and a spirit sword flew out from the woman’s back, the sword qi rushed to the sky and finally fell into the woman’s hand.
This spirit sword was cold and glowing, and it had a residual aura that was palpitating.
“If you do not leave, then you will have to die under this Heaven Asking Sword of mine!”
The woman said as she gazed at Chen Ping.
As soon as the woman’s spirit sword appeared, the Qiankun Sword in Chen Ping’s hand shook violently, and if Chen Ping hadn’t held it so hard, it would have come out of his hand.
Chen Ping tried his best to control the sword, which was already restless, and then looked at the woman with cold eyes.
The woman asked for the Heavenly Sword in her hand, her face full of ruthlessness, but she did not know that the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was an ancient spirit sword, only that the sword spirit had not yet grown completely, so it could not exert that much power, so the woman did not put the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand in her eyes either.
“You and I have the same spirit sword in our hands, today I will show you that not anyone using a spirit sword can exert its power.”
The woman looked at Chen Ping, a sword in her hand, her face expressionless and her gaze burning.
“You want to compete with me with your sword?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently as the corners of his mouth lifted slightly.
“You don’t dare?”
A hint of sarcasm appeared on the woman’s face.
“You are a soul spirit, I can let you have a sword fight, you can hurt me and I will leave here immediately and never step in.”
Chen Ping said with a calm face and an indifferent tone.
If he couldn’t even deal with a soul spirit, Chen Ping might as well just run his head over and die.
The woman was slightly stunned, but looking at that Chen Ping’s expression, it didn’t seem like she was joking.
“You’re too arrogant, aren’t you?”
The woman knew that although she was a soul spirit, she could only exert some of her strength, but for Chen Ping to say such big words as letting himself have a sword, was simply arrogant.
“Cut the crap, come on!”
Chen Ping held the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand and blocked it across the air, preparing to meet the woman’s sword.
Seeing Chen Ping being so arrogant, the woman’s eyes were filled with killing intent, since Chen Ping was seeking his own death, then she did not mind sending Chen Ping on his way.
At that moment, the woman raised her sword in her hand, and with a buzzing sound, sword qi ran through her body, causing Hu Ma Zi to feel a painful cut in his skin.
Hu Ma Zi dodged far away, he did not want to be affected by the two men’s waves.
And the woman gazed at Chen Ping, her aura instantly rising to its peak, her qi and blood surging upwards, rampant, already exploding out, facing Chen Ping, the woman would not be careless either.
Since Chen Ping dared to say such words, and had walked here unharmed, he must have some skills as well.
“Asking Heavenly Chop!”
The woman let out a low roar, and the Heaven Asking Sword in her hand instantly chopped towards Chen Ping. Above that Heaven Asking Sword, white mist instantly rose, and the sword spirit was urged out by the woman, transforming into a long white snake that wrapped around the Heaven Asking Sword, emitting a burst of humming sounds.
Looking at the woman’s peak sword, a smile appeared on Chen Ping’s face. He was afraid that the woman would not be able to activate the sword spirit, but now it seemed that the woman was still afraid of herself and had activated the sword spirit right from the start.
In this way, Chen Ping saved himself some trouble and just let the Zenglong Sword Sword Spirit devour that Questioning Heaven Sword Sword Spirit.