This time, the faces of the crowd became even more unsightly!
Lin Keting’s body was also trembling slightly as she unconsciously leaned towards Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping reached out and wrapped his hand around Lin Keting’s waist, and Lin Keting did not struggle!
At this time, there was the greatest need for someone to comfort her.
Seeing this scene, Ji Yun on the side couldn’t help but sneer.
And that Zhu Qingxiu just rolled her eyes and turned her head to the side.
“There is danger ……”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness suddenly reminded Chen Ping.
Before Chen Ping could react, he saw the huge ball of light tremble violently, and everyone only felt a wave of dizziness.
At this time, the Thunder Beast’s face also changed drastically, and he rushed out to remind, “Steady, I’m going to speed up ……”
The Thunder Beast manipulated the ball of light and quickly descended downwards.
There was a burst of fire around the ball of light, accompanied by a clicking sound, the ball of light even had cracks on it.
Everyone’s faces changed drastically.
If there was no protection from this ball of light, those of them who fell would definitely be pulverised.
At this moment, many people regretted it and might as well not come down.
Not to mention saving the spirit stones, they could also pick up a life.
But at this time, it was too late to say anything!
Suddenly, the crowd saw a huge palm in the darkness, gently slapping on top of that ball of light!
Boom!
The ball of light instantly shattered!
A mouthful of blood spurted out from the Thunder Beast, and his body fell straight down.
Everyone else also fell, their bodies plummeting downwards uncontrollably!
Lin Keting was still being held by Chen Ping, squeezing the jade pendant in her hand for dear life as a hint of determination flashed in her eyes!
But just when Lin Keting was planning to start the life preserving jade pendant, a terrifying force swept over, and all of them were swept away by this force as if they were leaves, and all of them only felt that their minds sank, and then plunged into darkness……
It was not known how long it took before Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes and came out of his stupor!
The first thing Chen Ping saw when he opened his eyes was Lin Keting’s exquisite face!
The two people were still hugging each other and were so close to each other that the slightest movement was expected to kiss.
Chen Ping looked at Lin Keting’s appearance, gently licked his lips, a nameless fire in his heart was constantly surging!
But at this time, Lin Keting also suddenly opened her eyes, and the two people looked at each other with their eyes facing each other, close to each other!
Lin Keting blushed, and Chen Ping was also embarrassed!
“You …… you quickly get up, topping me ……”
Lin Keting whispered!
“Oh, sorry ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly climbed up, then pulled Lin Keting up as well!
They looked around and found that there were no other people, and at their feet, countless dead bones, some of which had already become powder.
“Where are the others? How come there are no shadows of others?”
Lin Keting asked.
“I don’t know, I guess it fell somewhere else, let’s look for it ……”
Chen Ping said!
“Ah ……”
But as soon as she took a step, Lin Keting suddenly shrieked!
“Miss Lin, what’s wrong with you?”
Chen Ping hurriedly came over and asked!
“My leg seems to be injured ……” Lin Keting said with a frown!
“Then what should I do? I’ll carry you?”
Chen Ping looked at Lin Keting’s leg and said helplessly!
If they had not been sealed in their cultivation, Chen Ping could have helped Lin Keting heal, and this small injury was nothing!
But now they were both ordinary people, so there was nothing Chen Ping could do!
Lin Keting, however, shook her head, “Don’t hug me, I’m afraid you’ll use a stick on me ……”
Lin Keting’s words made Chen Ping blush immediately!
“Miss Lin, I’m sorry ah, I …… didn’t mean it.”
“In that case, it’s always okay for me to carry you, so that I won’t top you!”
Chen Ping said, squatting down in front of Lin Keting!
“This is okay!”Lin Keting plopped down on Chen Ping’s back and let Chen Ping give her back!
Although his strength was sealed, carrying a woman on his back was still easy for Chen Ping to handle.