Chen Ping looked down and realised that the two breaths that were inside the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron were currently struggling and wandering around inside the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron, seemingly wanting to break free from the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron!
“Kid, what do you think will happen when you capture all of these breaths into the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord asked!
Chen Ping looked carefully at the two breaths within the Divine Farmer’s Tripod, and he did not know what would happen if all of these breaths were captured into the Divine Farmer’s Tripod!
However, now that he had the Divine Farmer’s Tripod and knew that these weird breaths were afraid of the Divine Farmer’s Tripod, Chen Ping was not afraid!
“Try it ……”
Chen Ping said, and even took the initiative to go towards those weird auras!
After Chen Ping detached himself from the Divine Farmer’s Tripod, those bizarre breaths once again began to attack towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping dodged and dodged as he began to lure those breaths towards the Divine Farmer’s Tripod!
Then he was caught off guard and forced one of the breaths into the Godly Farmer’s Cauldron, and was then controlled by the enormous suction power of the Godly Farmer’s Cauldron!
After more than an hour in this manner, there were no more breaths in the light curtain, and all the breaths were sucked in by the Divine Farmer’s Tripod!
These breaths were writhing haphazardly, seemingly very scared!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, gently pressed one hand on the Divine Nong Ding, and along with the lines on it constantly emitting golden light, the breaths within the Divine Nong Ding gradually became quiet!
Soon these breaths began to merge, a white mist, from within the Divine Nong Ding continuously emerged!
At this time, Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng, who were outside the light curtain, had long been anxious!
Chen Ping had entered the light curtain for more than an hour, but there was still no sign of him, not even much movement to be heard!
Ruyan Liu had repeatedly tried to enter the light screen to look for Chen Ping, but was stopped by Nie Heng!
Even Su Tianshuo and the others were very curious, not understanding how Chen Ping hadn’t moved inside the light curtain for such a long time!
“President Su, it’s only been a few minutes since all of us went in, all of us were injured one by one and flew out, this guy has been in for more than an hour, how come he hasn’t moved yet?”
Bao Longxing asked in a puzzled manner!
“Could it be dead inside?”
Diao Changmin also said!
Su Tianshuo looked at the curtain of light in front of him, he had also personally felt the bizarre aura inside, it was very overbearing, and those of them, in a few minutes, were forced back out, and many others were injured!
Chen Ping had gone in for so long now, he might have died inside!
“It’s very likely that he’s already dead inside, so many of us didn’t last for a few minutes, and now it’s been an hour.”
“If this guy dies, the plan we discussed will have to change again.”
Su Tianshuo frowned.
Things always changed, causing him a great headache!
“If that Chen Ping dies, these two can’t be kept either!”
After Pao Longxing finished speaking, he looked towards Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng with a murderous aura on his face!
Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng were concentrating on the light screen in front of them, but a dangerous murderous aura suddenly came, and the two of them turned back at the same time in unison!
They saw that Bao Longxing was looking at them with a murderous aura, and this murderous aura caused the two to tremble in their hearts!
“Don’t make a move first, in wait and see, if in a quarter of an hour, that Chen Ping doesn’t show up, we’ll kill these two guys and then go around the road to the mountain!”
Su Tianshuo decided to wait around!
Hearing Su Tianshuo’s words, only then did Pao Longxing put away the killing intent on his body!
“Missy, why do I feel that these guys don’t have good intentions?”
“The way they just looked at us, it’s as if they want to eat us up.”
Nie Heng whispered to Liu Ruyan!
“I also felt it, these guys had a murderous aura moving through their bodies, presumably they wanted to kill us.”
Ruyan Liu said with a grave expression on her face!
“Didn’t they just follow Mr Chen and talk nicely? And we have no grievances with them, why would they want to kill us?”
Nie Heng was very puzzled!