“Dad, what are you making such a big show for, is something going to happen here?”
Zheng Kai asked, puzzled.
“There will be a ten thousand year old medicinal herb coming out here ……”
Zheng An Guo said with a somewhat excited expression.
“Ten thousand year old herbs?” Zheng Kai was stunned, “Is it in this place?”
“If that Master Wan’s deduction is good, then it’s in this place, I’m going to seal this place up so that it won’t be preempted by others.”
Zheng An Guo said.
“This …… is a great opportunity for our Zheng family, ten thousand year old medicinal herbs, our Zheng family is rich ……”
Zheng Kai was also full of excitement at this moment!
Not far away, Chen Ping looked at the Zheng family’s father and son and seemed to understand that at that time, that Zheng Anguo had been chasing after the reason why he came to South Lake.
It seemed that he had also known that a ten thousand year old herb was coming out, so he was afraid that he had come to snatch it.
“You guys keep a tight watch here, the day after tomorrow is the day the ten thousand year old herb comes out, as long as we can get the ten thousand year old herb, all of you will follow and soar to great heights ……”
Zheng An Guo said to a few of the top bra*s.
“Family head don’t worry, not a single bird will fly in.”
One of the top bra*s a*sured.
Zheng An Guo nodded, then called Zheng Kai to prepare to leave, after all, it would be the day after tomorrow before the herbs came out, there was no need for them to wait here!
But just as Zheng Anguo was about to leave with Zheng Kai, he suddenly stood still, followed by his eyes sharply looking towards where Chen Ping and the others were hiding!
“They’ve been discovered ……”
Hu Ma Zi saw that Zheng Anguo was looking towards this place, so he opened his mouth and said.
But Chen Ping made a silent gesture, telling Hu Ma Zi not to speak!
“Come out, it’s degrading to hide!”
Zheng An Guo counted in the direction where Chen Ping and the others were.
Pocky Hu glanced at Chen Ping, but saw that he was still motionless, so he didn’t move either!
When Zheng An Guo saw that no one came out, he frowned slightly, “If you don’t come out, I’ll make a move ……”
As Zheng An Guo’s words fell, several of the Zheng family’s senior members all flashed their weapons!
Seeing that there was still no movement, Zheng Anguo’s right hand began to flicker with a faint light, followed by a palm swing, a naked eye visible qi quickly shot out!
Boom …………
A rumbling explosion rang out and dirt splashed everywhere!
And not far from Chen Ping and the others, two figures leapt up in a single bound!
Hu Ma Zi was startled to see the figures suddenly bursting out from the side, he was surprised that he didn’t know that there were other people hiding not far away!
When the two people stood still, Chen Ping couldn’t help but feel surprised, he didn’t expect that the person who suddenly appeared was Zhu Hao of the Zhu family in the southwest, since Chen Ping had seen Zhu Hao once the day Dragon Gate opened, he had never seen him again, at this moment that Zhu Hao was accompanied by an old man who was over half a hundred years old.
Seeing the person come out, Zheng Anguo’s eyes narrowed slightly and said, “The new late-blooming talent in the entire Southwest, the titled Zhu Gongzi of the Zhu Family, why is he doing something sneaky too?”
“Master Zheng, what have I done sneaking around? Can’t I take a dump in the woods because I’m in a bit of an internal emergency?”
“Although you are the city lord of the entire South Lake City, you can’t control others to take a sh*t, right?”
Zhu Hao said with a playful expression.
Hearing Zhu Hao say such words, Chen Ping couldn’t help but laugh!
“You …………”
Zheng An Guo, being said by Zhu Hao like this, didn’t know what to say in rebuttal for a while!
“Zhu Hao, you don’t have to pretend, your Zhu family is hundreds of miles away, why did you come here to take a sh*t? I see that you are clearly here for the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herbs ……”
Zheng Kai said angrily.
All young men and gentry at that, although Zheng Kai was not as strong as that Zhu Hao, but this was Nanhu’s territory, so Zheng Kai was not afraid!
The first time Zheng An Guo heard that his son opened his mouth and said the 10,000-year medicinal herb, directly almost did not angry violent death, this is not a f*cking idiot?