So, Chen Ping told Zheng An Guo what he had seen and heard in the west of South Lake City.
And he even told them about the formation that Wan Hong had set up in advance at the place where the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb had emerged!
Zheng An Guo was shocked to hear this, and then his face was filled with anger!
“This fellow, who knew where that Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb had emerged, didn’t tell me, but only told me a general location, while he himself went ahead to set up the formation!”
“It seems that he is also spying on that Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb, thanks to me trusting him so much and giving him so many resources!”
Zheng Anguo’s face turned red with anger, then he turned to Zheng Kai and said, “Zheng Kai, you immediately lead people to search for that Wan Hong all over the city, and when you see him, bring him to me directly, remember to bring more experts, this guy is very strong!”
“Dad, don’t worry, I’ve long seen that old thing in a bad light!”
Zheng Kai nodded, and then left with the two Great Martial Marquis.
The entire South Lake City belonged to their Zheng family, so it wasn’t that difficult to hunt down a man!
“Mr. Chen, with this strength of our Zheng Family helping out, how sure do you think you can get that ten thousand year old herb?”
Zheng An Guo asked.
Chen Ping pondered for a moment and said, “Right now, I don’t know exactly how many clans and families have come, and exactly how many Great Martial Marquis experts are present, so I can’t say right now.”
Chen Ping did not know the details of his opponents, and there was no way to say how much certainty he had, but then Chen Ping continued, “But I have a solution, if I succeed, I will be able to increase the chances of getting the 10,000 year old herb!”
“Mr. Chen, what method?”
Zheng An Guo hurriedly asked.
“That is to lure other clans and families in the wrong direction, so that they get the wrong place, then we will have a better chance!”
Chen Ping said.
“Then how can we make so many clan lineages get it wrong?”
Zheng An Guo continued to ask.
“I have an idea, I just don’t know if it’s feasible, let’s find a thousand year old herb and arrange it somewhere in advance, then we’ll find a way to create some visions!”
“That way, someone will definitely mistake that as the place where the 10,000 year old herb is coming out, and will definitely flock to the place, or even have a big fight over it.”
“And we will be able to wait at the place where the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb really appears, as long as the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb comes out and we get our hands on it, it won’t be that easy for other clans and families to snatch it away if they want to.”
Chen Ping gave out his solution.
Zheng An Guo heard that this was a good idea, so he said with some excitement, “Mr. Chen, I still have a 3,000 year old mountain ginseng in my hand, so it is just right to use it as a 10,000 year old herb! But how do I create this heaven and earth vision?”
“It’s not a trivial matter, leave it to me, a few talismans and I will make the heavens and earth shake and the Great Dao hum ……”
Hu Pazi said with an easy face.
This time the herbs to act as ten thousand year old herbs were available, as well as Hu Ma Zi could create the vision, now Chen Ping and the others could only wait quietly.
Zheng An Guo had someone bring the mountain ginseng up the mountain in advance and bury it in a location that was in the opposite direction to the ten thousand year old herb!
“Zheng Family Master, I’ll let you lose a three thousand year old mountain ginseng, but after the deed is done, I will make a Sanyuan Dan for Zheng Family Master, which will allow you to get twice the result with half the effort on Zheng Family Master’s cultivation path!”
Chen Ping could not let the Zheng Family lose a three thousand year old mountain ginseng for nothing.
Upon hearing this, Zheng Anguo immediately said excitedly, “Then I am truly grateful to Mr. Chen, I have long heard that Mr. Chen is a medicine master and is also the valley master of Pill God Valley.”
“You are welcome, Master Zheng, we are now allies, as we should be, let’s go around the streets again and see how many clans and families have come, as the saying goes, knowing one’s enemy and knowing oneself will win a hundred battles!”
Chen Ping said.
“Good, I hope that this time Mr. Chen will be able to get the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb without any problems!”
Zheng An Guo nodded his head!
Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu out of the Zheng family and continued to skulk around the streets of South Lake.