Zhong Qi also came, but he stood in the ranks of the Zhen family, and Granny Zhen unexpectedly came as well!
It could be seen that Granny Zhen and Zhong Qi should have put their differences on ice!
After standing in the queue, there were also some loose cultivators, standing together in twos and threes!
The crowd then began to walk towards the harbour outside of Yongle City!
A spirit boat was neatly placed in the harbour, these were all sent by Pill God Island!
After boarding the spirit boat, they began to slowly head towards Pill God Island!
After travelling for about seven or eight hours, the Pill God Island not far away could already be clearly seen!
Many people flocked to the bow of the boat and looked at the Pill God Island in front of them!
After all, many people had only heard of Pill God Island and had not been here!
Chen Ping looked at the Pill God Island, the area was not particularly large, but compared to Yongle City, it was a few times larger!
However, when compared to the Celestial Realm, which could easily be tens of thousands of miles in size, Pill God Island was not too big!
The Pill God Island was lush with green trees, and there were quite a few birds and beasts flying in the sky!
As they got closer, the buildings on Pill God Island could be clearly seen!
A magnificent building with a grandeur that was quite a bit more luxurious than the buildings within Yongle City!
It was even more solemn than the buildings of the Western Region Pill Master Association!
The entire Pill God Island seemed to have a kind of immortal spirit qi, giving off a misty feeling, just like a fairy island!
And at the very centre of the island, was a mountain peak shaped like a pill tripod, the peak was incredibly tall, and at the foot of the mountain, there were several smaller peaks shaped like the legs of a pill tripod!
Seeing this strange mountain peak, everyone couldn’t help but marvel!
It felt like this nature was also too ingenious, why would there be mountains in such a shape!
“This peak is called Medicine Cauldron Peak, and legend has it that it was the Medicine Cauldron of the God of Medicine, and that the God of Medicine refined all kinds of pills in this Cauldron.”
“Later on, the Pill God fell, and the entire Pill Cauldron was transformed into a mountain peak, within this mountain peak, there are many pills refined by the Pill God, as to whether or not we can find them, it depends on the ability of all of you.”
Ouyang Wu Feng walked in front of the crowd and loudly introduced the Pill Cauldron Peak!
As the crowd listened to Ouyang Wufeng’s words, they were all in awe, first of all, regardless of whether or not this Pill Cauldron Peak was the Pill Cauldron of the Pill God, just the shape was too similar, it was simply coincidental, it was really coincidental.
Along with the spirit boat docking, everyone stepped off the boat, it was only at this time that they could truly see that the entire Pill God Island was still very large, there were quite a few pill masters travelling around on it, and the atmosphere was very lively!
There were even a lot of other cultivators, walking around on Pill God Island, this Pill God Island was not just Pill Masters!
And the buildings on Pill God Island could clearly see a dividing line, and then the architectural styles on both sides of the dividing line were a little different!
“This is our Pill God Island’s most famous Xifang Street, there are many doing business here, it’s not that there are only Pill Masters on Pill God Island.”
“Together, Pill God Island is a barren land, but after so many years of development, this place has become prosperous.”
“There are also many cultivators who come to Pill God Island to live for various reasons, our place has long been no worse than that Yongle City.”
Ouyang Wufeng said following the crowd full of complacency.
The crowd’s perception of Pill God Island also completely changed at this moment, that kind of barren land, especially desolate scene, did not appear in the eyes of the crowd!
On the contrary, this Pill God Island, even some of the meaning of the paradise, if there is really something difficult to say, can come to the Pill God Island to live again!
Ouyang Wufeng personally led the crowd and arranged for a place to stay, and even thoughtfully prepared immortal herbs and pills for the crowd!
It was important to know that there were no longer a few pill masters who had come to the Pill God Island this time, and now that the Pill God Island was even giving to prepare so many things, it was also considered to be a costly endeavour!
However, this would also raise the status of Pill God Island in the hearts of the crowd, and it was estimated that after this time, many people would want to stay on Pill God Island!