Wild Wolf’s face chilled as he fiercely withdrew his fist, his eyes grim, “Kid, if you think that’s all I’ve got, you’re wrong!”
“Uncle Wolf, what is this …… going on?”
Qin Feng asked with a puzzled expression.
“I only used a third of my strength, just this small inn, if I used my full strength, this inn would probably collapse, what if I smashed that little beauty then?”
Wild Wolf gave a lewd glance at Gu Ling’er and licked his lips, making Gu Ling’er tremble with anger!
Only then did Qin Feng breathe a sigh of relief, so that was what happened, if even a Grand Master couldn’t do anything to Chen Ping, then Chen Ping would be too terrifying!
“Don’t say I won’t give you a chance, let’s go out and fight ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he picked up Gu Ling’er in his arms and flew down from the window in one leap!
After landing gently on the ground, Chen Ping’s figure instantly disappeared into the darkness!
“D*mn it, trying to run …………”
Wild Wolf reacted, cursed angrily, and went straight after him!
“Uncle Wolf ……” Qin Feng could only desperately follow behind him as he endured the severe pain, each step brought pain that tore his heart and lungs, but Qin Feng couldn’t care less about that, he couldn’t separate after Wild Wolf, or else that Chen Ping killed back, he couldn’t beat Chen Ping!
The first thing he did was to get into Chen Ping’s arms, feeling the wind whistling in his ears, closing his eyes tightly and wrapping his arms around Chen Ping’s neck, with an unprecedented sense of security inside!
Chen Ping hurriedly put Gu Ling’er down after a few leaps and bounds to a clearing. If he held her for a while, Chen Ping was afraid he wouldn’t be able to hold back.
The wild wolf that came after him, when he saw Chen Ping stop himself, he smiled coldly: “Kid, you really have guts, I thought you were going to run away!”
“Run away? You are still alive, how could I possibly escape!” The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted in disbelief!
“Good, it has been a long time since I have come across someone with such a tough mouth, today I will make sure you are convinced ……”
Wild Wolf was stirred up by Chen Ping’s repeated provocations, arousing his body’s battle intent!
“Didn’t you just say that you only used three points of force in your punch? Now that this place is flat, I’ll let you throw another punch and use all your strength to try, but I can tell you, you only have one chance, if you can’t knock me down with one punch, I can punch you too!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Hahahaha, kid, do you know what you’re talking about? Letting me punch you? Do you know how powerful a punch from me is?”
The wild wolf laughed loudly before swinging a fierce fist towards the ground.
Rumble …………
The earth trembled for a while, and immediately afterwards, a large crater nearly a meter in diameter and more than half a meter deep appeared!
The wild wolf looked at Chen Ping proudly, he believed that when Chen Ping saw the power of his punch, he would be too scared to brag about it!
“That’s no more than that, I won’t move, you attack!”
Chen Ping just casually swept a glance and said with a calm face!
Wild Wolf froze, then his face turned grim, “Kid, since you’re looking for death, I’ll make you whole!”
“Chen Ping, are you stupid? Why did you let him punch you? Don’t you want to die?”
Gu Ling’er looked at Chen Ping in shock and questioned loudly.
“You don’t need to care!” Chen Ping told Gu Ling’er to stay out of it!
The reason why Chen Ping did this was that he had absolute confidence, he just wanted to try out how strong his body was at the fifth level of Foundation Establishment!
“You …………” Gu Ling’er glared at Chen Ping, but she didn’t know how to persuade him!
“Uncle Wolf, beat him to death, let him pretend to be a p*ssy and blow him up with one punch …………”
At this moment, Qin Feng came late, walking all the way, bleeding all the way, his whole trousers were soaked with blood!