After Ji Ru Xue left, Chen Ping also walked out of the room, looking at the somewhat ancient Red Lotus Palace, Chen Ping decided to casually walk around and admire it before leaving!
Unknowingly, Chen Ping reached the back of the Red Lotus Palace, behind which was a stone mountain with a clear stream slowly flowing at the foot of the mountain.
And these streams came together to form a not too big or small lake.
And these lakes contain a large amount of spiritual energy.
And because of this, within the Red Lotus Palace, Chen Ping felt filled with spiritual energy!
“It is really rare that this stream contains spirit energy!”
Chen Ping bent down and gently took a mouthful of the stream water and drank it.
Instantly, a cool, sweet and very comfortable feeling spread throughout his body.
“It’s really odd ……”
Chen Ping looked at the clear stream, then began to follow the stream and walk in the direction of the mountain range.
Not knowing how far he had walked, Chen Ping finally reached the end of the stream, which was a stone cave halfway up the mountain!
The stream was flowing out from inside the cave.
And standing at the entrance of the cave, a gust of breeze blew out from the mouth of the cave, and the thick spiritual energy greeted him, making Chen Ping feel refreshed all of a sudden.
Looking at the dark entrance of the cave, Chen Ping choked a magic trick and instantly a spiritual fire burst into flames.
After lighting up the path inside, Chen Ping did not hesitate to go in.
He didn’t know how long he had been walking, but surprisingly, he reached the bottom of the cave directly, and there was no more path ahead, blocked by a huge rock.
Only the stream of water was still flowing slowly from the gap of the boulder.
It seemed that there should be room behind the boulder!
Chen Ping looked at the boulder in front of him and a golden light flashed on his fist.
Immediately afterwards, he smashed his fist out.
It was a pity that the boulder did not move at all under this punch.
“How could this happen?”
Chen Ping frowned.
With his current strength, he could have burst a small mountain with a single punch, but this rock in front of him could not even break!
Chen Ping swung his fist again, but after a series of dozens of swings, the boulder was still intact!
On the contrary, debris kept falling around the cave, as if it was about to collapse!
Seeing this, Chen Ping dared not strike again, or the cave would collapse and he would be buried in it.
When Chen Ping looked around, he found that the cave was also very ordinary, nothing special!
But how did this dense spiritual energy come about?
Feeling the spiritual energy rolling in, Chen Ping simply sat down on his knees.
With his Heart Condensation Skill running, the thick spiritual qi rushed in and surged into Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping’s eyes shone with a brilliant aura as he realised that these spiritual qi were surprisingly different from the spiritual qi he had absorbed during his previous cultivation.
Whether it was the spiritual qi absorbed from the Demon Subduing Tower or the Ninety Thousand Mile Mountain and River Map, it was not as pure as the spiritual qi here!
As for the spiritual qi obtained from those magic weapons and medicinal materials, it was even more incomparable.
The spiritual qi here was more like the natural product of heaven and earth, just like unpolluted water, sweet and pleasant to drink.
Chen Ping was overjoyed, perhaps with this pure spiritual energy, he would be able to break through to the YuanYing, or Martial Marquis, realm!
Without the slightest delay, Chen Ping closed his eyes and entered a state of cultivation.
As for Ji Ru Xue’s advice that he must leave the Red Lotus Palace within two days, Chen Ping had long since left it behind.
At this moment, Ji Ru Xue was in the hall, following several elders in white dresses to discuss something.
Everyone’s face was grave, especially Ji Ruxue, who looked very ugly!
“Palace Master, there are only three days left until the time given by Xiang Chong, if we cannot find help, our Red Lotus Palace will have to fight to the death.”
One of the elders said to Ji Ruxue.
“In the few days since our announcement was sent out, has no one taken a stand yet?”
Ji Ru Xue asked.
Several elders looked at each other and finally shook their heads.