“Princess Anna, there is no such thing as a medicine king here, if you want to save your father, you can only listen to me, and when you have the power, not to mention saving your father, even if it means bringing him back to life by breathing!”
The Second Priestess said.
Anna froze at that and then looked at Andrew in bewilderment, “Andrew, what’s going on? Is there no Medicine King here?”
Anna had heard what Andrew had said and that was why she had ventured out here.
After all, Andrew was her most trusted guard, and she only trusted Andrew!
But now Andrew had his head down, not daring to look at Anna or make a sound!
Seeing Andrew like this, Anna seemed to understand what was going on, and her whole being seemed to be falling apart.
“Andrew, you’re lying to me aren’t you? Are you lying to me?”
“Why, why are you lying to me?”
“Say something. ……”
Anna pounded Andrew desperately.
Andrew fell to his knees in front of Anna: “Princess Anna, I’m sorry, I can’t help it, my wife and children are in the hands of the Second Priest, I can only listen to him ……”
Anna was trembling with anger, her eyes were full of helplessness, her brother was after her and now her most trusted guards were betraying her, Anna suddenly felt that she had no point in living!
“Princess Anna, remember, no one in this world can be relied upon except for your own strength, so you need to improve your own strength to do so, now I will give you the opportunity to improve your strength ……”
With that, the second priest gave a wink, then two men in black set Anna up and headed towards the altar!
The two men in black tied Anna to the stone pillar in the middle of the altar, and then walked off!
And the second priest, holding a crystal, also slowly walked up to the altar.
There was a gap at the edge where the crystal stone was placed.
Once the crystal was placed on the platform, the altar was officially complete!
The Second Priest took the crystal stone and gently placed it on top.
With a buzzing sound, the entire altar emitted a dazzling light, followed by a lightning-like glow that continuously began to flicker in the sky above the ruins.
The entire snowy mountain shook at this moment!
“Hahahaha ……”
“It’s working, it’s working ……”
“Just wait until the time of the son, and the devil will descend on earth ……”
The second priest was laughing like a madman!
Andrew looked at the altar, the bound Anna, and his whole being fell into deep guilt and self-recrimination!
But there was no turning back from the bow, things had come to this, he had no choice!
Boom! …………
The snowy mountain shook again, and the snow on top of the snow began to crumble at this moment!
“What’s the situation? Is it going to be an earthquake?”
Sensing the shaking of the snowy mountain, Daniel looked panicked.
If there was an earthquake here, then none of them would survive!
“It’s bad, the altar has been succeeded by that traitor, we have to find the entrance to the ruins before midnight at midnight, otherwise he will summon a demon and none of us will survive ……”
The High Priestess said with a grimace!
But just before they had finished speaking, there was a loud rumble and they saw avalanches everywhere on the snowy mountain!
The snow that had been covering the mountain was crumbling on a large scale, exposing the brown rock!
It took a while for the mountain to stop shaking, but the snow was no longer visible on the entire summit and large areas of rock were exposed!
“Now that the snow is gone, can we find out the entrance to the ruins?”
Chen Ping said to the High Priestess.
“Yes ……”
The High Priest nodded, and then the bronze bell in his hand shook violently!
A sound wave spread out and enveloped the entire mountain top!
And at that moment, the second priest, who was in the middle of the ruins, suddenly frowned: “Why is this old blind man here?”
“Omar ……”
The Second Priest shouted out!