Pocky Hu was only at the peak of the Golden Dan realm, which is the peak of the Great Martial Sect realm, if he didn’t use the talisman, although he would be able to resist Teng Chenglin’s slap, but it certainly wouldn’t be easy.
That’s why Pocky Hu cursed at Teng Chenglin with great dissatisfaction, then pulled Chen Ping over and said, “It’s better for you to do it, this grandson doesn’t talk about martial virtue ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing.
Chen Ping smiled and then casually stood in front of Teng Chenglin!
At this moment, Teng Chenglin was already on the edge of an arrow, and had to send it!
“Kid, suffer death ……”
Teng Chenglin slapped out his palm, the light lingering above his palm, bang bang bang smashed into Chen Ping’s chest!
Chen Ping didn’t move a muscle, but it was that Teng Chenglin who was directly sent flying by the tremendous recoil!
Teng Chenglin’s body crashed heavily onto a table, smashing it to pieces and scaring many guests into dodging!
A mouthful of blood gushed out from Teng Chenglin’s mouth, and his breath instantly dissipated.
Watching this scene, the surrounding guests actually unconsciously applauded!
Seeing that the crowd was looking at Chen Ping in shock and applauding for him, Hu Pocky was a little lost, “D*mn, again, you kid is pretending to be …………”
It was obvious how much this Hu Pocky wanted to act like a p*ssy in front of these people!
Teng Chenglin was so angry at the moment that his teeth hurt, and he fought to stand up, gritting his teeth and saying, “Kid, you’re dead this time, I’m telling you, I’m a member of the Broken Gut Sect, our sect master will definitely kill you.”
When Chen Ping heard of the Broken Gut Sect, he immediately laughed, “You are really from the Broken Gut Sect?”
“Not bad, are you afraid?”
Teng Chenglin said with the corner of his mouth raised.
He thought that by saying the Broken Gut Sect, there was no one in White Sea City who wasn’t afraid.
“I’m afraid of your mother!” Chen Ping sneered, then looked at Hu Pocky and said, “Master Hu, the last p*ssy, let you pretend ……”
When Hu Pocky heard this, he instantly became happy and walked directly to that Teng Cheng Lin’s front!
“What …… are you trying to do?”
Teng Chenglin asked as he looked at Hu Pazzi with some alarm.
Hu Pocky reached out and gave that Teng Chenglin a slap on the face, “Contact your Patriarch now and ask him to come over and kill me ……”
Teng Chenglin was stunned, he was a little confused, who was this old man and young man in front of him?
How come they didn’t seem to be afraid of their Broken Heart Sect at all?
Just as Teng Chenglin was hesitating, Hu Pocky slapped out again!
“f*cking tell you to contact your sect master, can’t you hear me?”
Pocky Hu reprimanded Teng Chenglin as if he was teaching a child a lesson.
Teng Chenglin had long been on the verge of collapsing from the blow he was receiving inside at this moment!
He hurriedly contacted the Broken Gut Patriarch, and that Broken Gut Patriarch hurriedly led his men to this place!
“You guys wait, our sect master will bring someone here soon ……”
Teng Chenglin said with a fierce face.
Seeing this, many of the guests were so frightened that they wanted to leave, if that Broken Heart Patriarch really brought someone here, they don’t want to be implicated again!
As soon as he saw that many of the guests wanted to leave, Pocky Hu became anxious!
If everyone left, who would he be pretending to be?
“All of you, all of you, don’t leave, just sit and watch, it will be fine.”
Pocky Hu turned to the crowd. He said in a loud voice.
But no one believed him, there were still guests who wanted to leave!
Seeing this, Hu Pazi took out two charms and tossed them on the doorway.
This time, the crowd found that although the door was open, they couldn’t get out!
“I’ve told you not to leave, but you just don’t listen, you have to force me to do it!”
“Go and sit tight, I’ll make sure everyone is fine!”
Hu Pazi said with a confident face.
Seeing this, the crowd could only sit back down again and wait for that Severed Heart Sect Patriarch to arrive!