“Xiao Li, has the person from Heart and Rain who came to talk about cooperation not arrived yet?”
Gao Ren looked at the time and inquired to his secretary!
“I’m not sure, I’ll go down and take a look!” The secretary said!
“Remember, when the people from Heart and Rain come, make sure to invite them up ……”
Gao Ren barked at his secretary!
“Got it!” The secretary hurriedly went downstairs!
But just as he reached the lobby, he saw that many people had gathered at the entrance, and several security guards were surrounding a man and about to make a move!
“Stop, what are you doing? What’s the point of making a fuss in front of the company?”
Secretary Li angrily walked over!
When Li Jian saw that it was the general manager’s secretary, he immediately waved his hand and told the security guards to disperse, and then said with a smile on his face, “Secretary Li, this guy is causing trouble in our company and beating people up, that’s why I called the security guards here ……”
“Beating someone up?” Secretary Li looked at Chen Ping and said to Li Jian, “If you’re causing trouble, hurry up and blow him away, what would it look like to have people see you when you come to talk about cooperation later!”
“Yes, yes, I’ll have him blown away ……” Li Jian nodded his head and waved his hand towards the security guards on both sides again, who surrounded him again!
“Secretary Li ……” Xiao Lei greeted with a faint smile towards Secretary Li!
In order to take Tian Mei’s cooperation, the company inside the size of the stewardship must be punctuated to the only way!
When Secretary Li saw Xiao Lei, he only nodded slightly, and then asked Li Jian, “Hasn’t the person from Xin Yu Company come yet? Remember to inform General Manager Gao as soon as they arrive ……”
When Secretary Li finished, Jian Li faintly stared and immediately pointed at Chen Ping and said, “He …… is …… him.”
As soon as Secretary Li heard this, his face suddenly changed!
This morning Gao Ren was terrified over this matter, but she had been watching, although she did not know what kind of big shot this Xin Yu company was coming, but looking at Gao Ren that way, it was definitely something that could not be offended!
Now that Jian Li had said that the person they were about to blow away was sent by the Heart and Rain Company, Secretary Li’s heart thumped!
“Get out, all of you get out of my way ……”
Seeing this, Secretary Li hurriedly stepped forward and scolded those security guards away, before looking at Chen Ping with a smile on his face and said, “This gentleman, I am Mr. Gao’s secretary, our Mr. Gao is waiting in his office, please follow me ……”
Chen Ping nodded slightly and followed Secretary Li towards the upper floor!
As he pa*sed by that Xiao Lei, the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly with a bit of contempt in his eyes!
Looking at Chen Ping’s back, Li Jian and also Xiao Lei were a bit confused, not understanding what was going on!
“Director Li, didn’t you tell me that the cooperation between Tianmei and our Xiao family was already a done deal? Why did that Gao Ren still call Chen Ping up?”
Xiao Lei questioned at Li Jian!
“Yes, I followed Mr. Gao’s words a long time ago, and at that time, Mr. Gao also agreed to choose the Xiao family’s cooperation, what’s going on here, I’m not sure either!”
Li Jian was also confused, he couldn’t figure out what was going on either!
“I’ll go up and take a look, so many people from Tianmei have eaten my Xiao family’s money, if you dare not follow my Xiao family’s cooperation, I’ll make you all eat your words ……”
Xiao Lei finished speaking and took Geng Shanshan with him towards the upper floor, no one dared to stop him!
Li Jian, on the other hand, stood in place with a panicked face, he ate the most money from the Xiao family and was also the one who worked the hardest, if the cooperation was really not given to the Xiao family, wouldn’t he be miserable!
Thinking of this, Li Jian also quietly followed, although talking about the cooperation, he was not qualified to participate as an office director, but it was still possible to secretly listen outside the door.
At this moment, inside the office on the roof, the moment Secretary Li led Chen Ping into the office, the moment Gao Ren saw Chen Ping, the whole person was like a fanatic fan seeing his idol!