He was even more determined at this point that he must trap Chen Ping inside, if he let Chen Ping go on like this, he was afraid that he would never be able to avenge his father’s murder.
Right after a brief moment of dismay, many people began to react and desperately tried to rush towards the relic!
After all, whoever enters the relics first will have the initiative!
But just as these people were charging towards the ruins, Hong Qianjiu suddenly slashed out with his sword, and the terrifying sword Qi instantly cut the few people in front of him right off at the lazy waist!
“Whoever dares to rush in, die ……”
Hong Qianjiu shouted angrily!
The people on Hong Qianjiu’s side then guarded the entrance to the relic to death, not allowing anyone to enter, it looked like they wanted to take it all for themselves!
Now Hong Qianjiu and his alliance had quite a few people, that’s why they dared to be so domineering!
But when the people from the other clans and families saw this, they shouted and cursed!
“Let’s back off ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that this was going to be a fight between the two sides, so he called out to Jiang Wei and Ge Fuhai and their men, and led his own men backwards!
Just as Chen Ping and his men had retreated, the great battle began.
No one was willing to give up, so some started charging forward, while Hong Qianjiu and his men, started blocking!
Sword and sword shadows, wailing and wailing ……
Only because Hong Qianjiu had made plans from the start and had united quite a few clans in advance, they were, at this point, completely on top!
In just ten minutes, the scene had already been strewn with corpses and rivers of blood, which could be described as unbearable!
Chen Ping couldn’t see any expression on his face as he looked at what was happening in front of him!
But at this moment, he was even more determined to stop the revival of the aura!
In this situation now, the many clans had already started to kill each other, and if the aura really recovered and the clans in the secret realm returned to the secular world.
Then the whole world would be the scene before them!
Soon, the fighting stopped, Hong Qianjiu and the others were still guarding the entrance, while the other clans didn’t break through, at this moment, they were incapable of doing anything except looking at Hong Qianjiu and the others in anger!
After all, the other side had the advantage, and in just ten minutes, they had already suffered heavy losses, so these clans did not dare to charge!
At this moment, a middle-aged man stood out, carrying a wound on his arm, obviously wounded from the battle just now.
The middle man walked up to Hong Qianjiu and said with an arch of his hand, “Sir Hong, you and I are both martial arts clans, we have no grievances or enemies in the first place, we are just each for our own masters, we both have our own masters behind us, I hope you will not take things to the extreme.”
“We can agree to you entering the ruins first, but you can’t be overbearing and block the entrance and not let us in, can you?”
“If we keep on fighting, even if you can win, it will be a miserable victory, how many of you will be left at the end of the day?”
“Don’t forget that there are still people sitting on the mountain watching the tiger fight, and when the time comes, you guys won’t be able to take the relic alone.”
Since they couldn’t fight, the other party thought of reasoning with Hong Qianjiu.
Hong Qianjiu glanced at Chen Ping, at this moment only Jiang Wei, Ge Fuhai, and Long Xingxu, whom Chen Ping had brought along, had not made a move!
Although there were quite a few of them, the strength of the people brought by Ge Fuhai and Long Xingxu was generally low, but only the people brought by Jiang Wei had many Great Martial Marquis!
In this way, although Chen Ping’s side had quite a number of people, they were not very strong, which was why Hong Qianjiu dared to do so.
How could he not understand the principle of sitting on a mountain and watching a tiger fight, and how could he let Chen Ping have a snipe and a clam fight and a fisherman’s profit!
Hong Qianjiu himself also kept a backhand, the eighteen Luohan he had brought with him did not make a move, just to guard against Chen Ping.
“Stop the f*cking nonsense, if you don’t want to die, get lost, if you dare to hit this relic again, then you will continue to do it ……”
Zhu Hao stepped forward and gave the middle-aged man a foul scolding!