“Reviving her shouldn’t be a problem, but I’ll need to ask first, after all, your wife has been dead for nearly a thousand years!”
“But Mr. Shi can instantly bring back someone whose body and soul have been completely destroyed, so reviving your wife should be fine!”
Chen Ping said!
“If he can revive someone whose body and soul are gone, then reviving my wife must be no issue, hurry up and contact this Mr. Shi!”
The black-robed man was getting impatient!
“I can’t reach Mr. Shi right now, but I believe he’ll find me eventually, and when he does, I can ask him for you!”
Chen Ping said honestly!
It was always Mr. Shi who appeared out of nowhere, Chen Ping never knew where to find him!
“If my wife can be revived, I’d be willing to give up my cultivation, even my life!”
The black-robed man’s expression grew agitated!
“There are so few men as devoted as you in this world, if your wife’s spirit is watching, she’d be comforted.”
Chen Ping said with a sigh!
But the black-robed man shook his head, “I’m a bad person, it was me who caused my wife’s death…”
“You caused your wife’s death?” Chen Ping was shocked!
How could such a devoted man have killed his own wife?
The black-robed man nodded, then slowly removed his black robe!
His body was emaciated, his face deathly pale, almost like a vampire!
“My wife and I were childhood sweethearts, we trained together, climbed mountains together, even bathed together…”
“My wife’s talent surpassed mine, her realm was always a step above me!”
“Later, we got married and became dual cultivation partners, though she often helped me, my realm could never surpass hers!”
“Gradually, my male ego started to show, seeing her strength exceed mine left me resentful!”
“Then I secretly practised demonic techniques, hoping to use them to overtake her…”
“And I did, my strength grew rapidly, but my mind began to change, my rationality was being devoured!”
“To keep cultivating, I started drinking the blood of innocent people, I turned into a demon!”
“My wife finally noticed something was wrong, so during one of our dual cultivation sessions, she forcibly absorbed the demonic energy from my body, and in the end, to avoid becoming a demon herself, she destroyed her own soul, leaving only her body behind!”
“I woke up, looking at her body, I was filled with regret, but it was all too late…”
“It’s been nearly a thousand years, my body is still corrupted by the demonic energy, it hasn’t fully recovered!”
“My wife hasn’t spoken a single word to me since, now I can only stare at her blankly every day…”
As he spoke, tears streamed down the man’s face!
Chen Ping didn’t know how to comfort him, perhaps only those who’d been through such a thing could truly understand that kind of pain!
“What’s your name? I still don’t know what to call you.”
“I’ll do my best to help you, with her body preserved, reviving her shouldn’t be too difficult!”
Chen Ping said!
“My name is Mu Sha!” The man finished speaking, gently waved his hand, and his wife’s body was stored in a storage ring, “I’ll go with you!”
After one last look at the room, Mu Sha waved his hand again, and the entire room erupted into flames!
Chen Ping followed Mu Sha back to the grand hall!
“Let’s go!”
Chen Ping said to Li Chunfeng and the others!
The group left the fourth level, at that moment, all four levels of the Skyward Ladder had closed off, no longer existing!
“Mr. Chen, are you still going to the fifth level?” Mu Sha asked!
“Not for now, I have more important things to do!” Chen Ping said, pulling a jade slip from his chest!
This was the fourth jade slip of the Heaven and Earth Array, and at that moment, it was emitting a faint glow!
Chen Ping knew the fourth jade slip was about to activate, once he unlocked it, the Heaven and Earth Array would reveal itself!