“Eldest uncle is awesome, this strength of Eldest uncle can sweep through the martial arts world ……”
Shi Yan looked at Jue Yuan with eyes full of admiration!
“Hahahaha, sweeping the Martial Dao Realm is too exaggerated, but to exterminate this little Martial Saint, it’s just a matter of a slap!”
Jue Yuan laughed loudly!
“Eldest uncle, don’t be too modest, in the future, the entire Martial Dao world will be honored by you ……”
Shi Yan kept patting his horse’s back!
“Even a newly promoted little Martial God dares to sweep through the Martial Dao Realm, how dare you have any shame?”
Just as Shi Yan finished his words, Chen Ping’s voice could be heard coming from the deep pit!
Everyone was stunned, and the next thing they saw was a golden glow shining on Chen Ping’s body as his body slowly walked out of the deep pit!
At this moment, Shi Yan was dumbfounded and looked at Chen Ping incredulously, he simply could not believe that under that kind of power, Chen Ping had walked out intact!
Even that Jue Yuan was frowning, feeling a little incredulous!
“You’re actually not dead?” Jue Yuan asked with a frown, his eyes slightly staring at Chen Ping!
“As I said, I can kill an old Martial God at will, so how could I possibly die at the hands of a newly promoted Martial God like you?”
“And you are a monk, yet you have deviated from the scriptures, D*mn you ……”
Chen Ping sacrificed his Dragon Chopping Sword, his body emanating a vast aura of righteousness!
“Then try it!” Jue Yuan snorted coldly!
Immediately afterwards, the huge golden palm appeared out of thin air again, pressing directly towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping held the Zenglong Sword and his body swayed abruptly!
Numerous sword qi emanated from the Zeng Long Sword and instantly cut into the huge palm!
The huge palm was instantly reduced to nothingness by Chen Ping’s sword qi!
Seeing this, Jue Yuan fiercely pulled out a string of Buddhist beads, which were suffused with light!
Jue Yuan twirled the Buddhist beads and a burst of Sanskrit sounds came out of his mouth!
Slowly from behind Jue Yuan, a huge Buddha appeared, and the whole Kuchan Temple was enveloped in Buddhist light!
Seeing this, Chen Ping emitted a burst of divine dragon power, and behind him a golden dragon flashed out and continuously began circling!
The crowd was all frozen as they watched the scene before them!
Both the Golden Dragon and the Buddha were objects of veneration in the hearts of the crowd, but now the Golden Dragon and the Buddha were instantly at war!
Under the blanket of Buddha’s light, the Golden Dragon and the Buddha were in an unstoppable battle!
Seeing this, Jue Yuan could only quickly recite the Sanskrit sound and bathe his whole body in the Buddha’s light!
The battle between the Golden Dragon and the Buddha emitted a thunderous sound that shook the entire void, as if it was about to tear apart space and time!
Both Chen Ping and Jue Yuan were desperately consuming the power in their bodies to maintain the battle between the Golden Dragon and the Buddha!
Time was ticking away!
A cold sweat had appeared on Jue Yuan’s forehead, he didn’t expect Chen Ping, a fifth grade Martial Saint, to have such strength and to last so long!
Soon, the Buddha’s light on the Buddha’s body was getting fainter and fainter, and Jue Yuan was already clenching his teeth at this moment to hold on!
But looking at Chen Ping’s calm and collected look, Jue Yuan knew that if this went on, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to hold on!
Jue Yuan hung his Buddhist beads on his chest and raised his hands high above his head!
“I, Buddha, am merciful and universal, use your devout faith to gain the refuge of the Buddha ……”
Along with Jue Yuan’s shout!
Numerous believers fell to their knees, and above everyone’s head, the power of faith was continuously emitted, all converging on Jue Yuan’s body!
Even all the Buddha statues in the Kuchan Temple emitted the power of faith and poured into Jue Yuan’s body!
At this moment, it was as if Jue Yuan was swimming in a sea of faith power!
The Buddha, whose light had been dim, began to shine brightly, and his figure swelled even more!