Two Yi Sect!
Gu Tianzhao was so depressed at this time, he had agreed to follow Chen Ping, but now Chen Ping is not seen alive, not seen dead, no news at all!
Immediately to the day of the election of the door master, Gu Tianzhao knew that his qualifications could not be the door master, otherwise he did not need to join forces with Chen Ping!
‘Elder Gu, the Sect Master is asking you to come over for a moment!’
At this moment, a Two Yi Sect disciple came over and said!
Gu Tianzhao nodded, then got up and headed to the main hall!
There were many people inside the main hall, most of them were the Two Yi Sect’s senior management!
The sect master of the Two Yi Sect, Peng Wu, was sitting on the throne.
The Two Yi Sect’s system was different from other sects, every twenty years, the sect would hold an election for the sect master!
If the Sect Master was not strong enough, or was not popular, and was pushed down by others, then he could only sit back in the position of Elder and continue to wait for the next opportunity!
This kind of election system has one advantage, that is, anyone has the opportunity to be a sect master, but also to prevent the sect master from speaking with one voice.
However, after hundreds or thousands of years of turnover, although this system was still in place, it had become a sham!
After each Sect Master came to power, they would desperately cultivate their own forces, and with the power in the Sect Master’s hands, they would accelerate their cultivation speed!
In this way, even when the twenty year period was reached, no one dared to elect the Sect Master, and it would still be the original Sect Master in office!
‘Sect Master, you’re looking for me?’
Gu Tianzhao asked in some panic after seeing the Sect Master!
He wanted to seize the position of Sect Master, this matter he didn’t dare to tell anyone, after all, people’s hearts are separated by the skin of their stomachs, if Peng Wu knew about it, Gu Tianzhao knew that it would be very difficult for him to have a foothold in the Two Yi Sect!
That’s why Gu Tianzhao sought the help of external forces, only with the intervention of external forces could he overthrow Peng Wu’s!
‘Elder Gu, it will soon be the day of the Sect Master’s election, what do you think?’
Peng Wu asked to Gu Tianzhao!
‘Of course it’s to elect the Sect Master to continue for a second term, our Two Yi Sect is getting stronger and stronger under the leadership of the Sect Master.’
Seeing this, Gu Tianzhao hurriedly flattered him!
In the absence of absolute strength to overthrow Peng Wu, Gu Tianzhao wouldn’t what to go against Peng Wu!
‘Hahaha, Elder Gu is still Avray righteous.’
‘But I heard that a few days ago, Elder Gu went to see the Divine Ripple Ancestor?’
Peng Wu suddenly said with a slightly cold face!
Gu Tian flicked his head towards the Divine Ripple, then nodded his head and said, ‘That’s right, I went to see the Divine Ripple Ancestor because I have some cultivation confusions that I hope the Ancestor can clear up.’
‘Is that so? You know that for your Elder level, if you want to see the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor, you only have the qualification once in fifty years, and you used that qualification just because of a little confusion?’
‘You wouldn’t be meeting the Old Ancestor and have other things on your mind, would you? It’s not to snitch on me, is it?’
Peng Wu asked grimly!
‘No, no, no, I’m really asking for advice and not snitching on Sect Master, such an important qualification, would I waste it just for the sake of snitching.’
Gu Tianzhao hurriedly waved his hand!
However, at this moment, Gu Tianzhao’s forehead had already been covered in cold sweat!
‘It’s good that it’s not, when someone told me that you, Elder Gu, had the intention to become the Sect Master, I didn’t quite believe it, after all, for so many years, I wasn’t too thin on Elder Gu ah.’
‘All these years you yourself secretly ran outside to take on private work and earn private money, I also turned a blind eye, I’m not bad to you.’
Peng Wu deliberately knocked Gu Tianzhao!
‘Sect Master has treated me with great kindness, how could I possibly have any thoughts of becoming Sect Master.’
‘I will raise both hands to recommend Sect Master to continue for a second term, for our Two Yi Sect, there will be no one more suitable than Sect Master in.’
Gu Tianzhao hurriedly started flattering!
If Peng Wu was unhappy, his life in the Two Yi Sect would be difficult in the future!