Alchemy Sect!
In the sky above the Weaponry Refining Sect, a blimp hovered!
Master Ironhammer ran out with all of the many disciples of the Weaponry Refining Sect, looking at the blimp in mid-air with a puzzled expression on their faces!
Several Refiner Sect elders leapt up and surrounded the blimp!
“Who is this person? Trespassing on my Refining Weapon Sect’s territory, leave quickly or don’t blame me for being impolite.”
An Alchemy Weaponry Sect elder shouted angrily!
Chen Ping looked at the Refining Weapon Sect Elder in front of him and revealed a hint of a smile!
These people were still all saved by Chen Ping from that Ask Hao Tian!
“Elders, it’s been a long time, how have you been!”
Chen Ping slowly walked out from within the dirigible!
Upon seeing that it was Chen Ping, several Alchemy Sect elders were instantly delighted and all surrounded him, “So it’s Mr Chen, I didn’t expect that you would come, come and talk to the sect!”
Several elders flanked Chen Ping and arrived in front of the Weaponry Refining Sect’s main hall!
At this time, the Artifact Refining Sect had already changed a lot under the construction of the people, a building had risen out of the ground, and it was much stronger than when Chen Ping first came!
Master Iron Hammer was also filled with excitement when he saw Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, I really didn’t expect you to come back, I’m sorry for the delay, I’m sorry for the delay!”
Master Iron Hammer was also very polite to Chen Ping!
After all, it was thanks to Chen Ping that the Alchemy Sect was able to be what it is now!
The crowd flanked Chen Ping and entered the grand hall, each one very enthusiastic towards Chen Ping!
As Ji Yun watched this scene, his admiration for Chen Ping increased a few more points!
The cultivators within this Weaponry Refining Sect were not weak, and Ji Yun had heard of the great name of the Weaponry Refining Sect!
But now that he had come to the Weaponry Refining Sect, Chen Ping was treated so well!
This caused Ji Yun to be very shocked inwardly!
Ji Yun did not know the origins of Chen Ping following the Weaponry Refining Sect, so he did not understand why Chen Ping was so welcomed in the Weaponry Refining Sect!
“Mr Chen, I’m sure you must have something to ask for when you come to my Weaponry Refining Sect, feel free to say what you have to do, as long as we can do it, we will certainly be obliged!”
Master Iron Hammer asked Chen Ping!
“Master Iron Hammer, truth be told, I came to the Weapon Refining Sect in order to repair the Dragon Beheading Sword in my hand.”
“My Zhan Long Sword is damaged, and the sword spirit is also injured, there is no way in detaching it from the sword body, I would like to seek help from Sword Elder to repair it!”
Chen Ping said as he took out his own Zang Long Sword!
Hearing Chen Ping mention the Sword Elder, Grandmaster Iron Hammer was slightly stunned, and then his expression became somewhat helpless!
The others also bowed their heads slightly and did not say a word!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping frowned and said, “Master Iron Hammer, is there something wrong with Sword Old Man?”
“Ai, Mr Chen doesn’t know, since you left after absorbing the sword qi from the Sword Washing Pool last time, the Sword Pool was flooded with sword puppets, almost destroying the entire Sword Washing Pool.”
“The sword old man is within the Sword Washing Pool, and has not shown his face for a long time, we have also sent people into the Sword Washing Pool to look for it, but we could not find the sword old man figure at all, and the person who shot down is also not coming up.”
“Nowadays the Sword Washing Pool has been sealed by us, no one in dares to approach!”
Master Ironhammer said with a light sigh!
When Chen Ping heard this, he looked a little embarrassed, at that time, he was in the Sword Washing Pool, absorbing all the sword qi for the Dragon Sword, and Sword Elder also helped to make the Sword Spirit, Zhong Li, take on a human form!
But who knew that now it had become like this, if the sword old man was in any danger, Chen Ping was afraid that he would blame himself for the rest of his life!
After all, this was all caused by helping himself!
“Master Iron Hammer, can I go to that Sword Washing Pool to have a look?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Mr Chen, that Sword Washing Pool has been sealed, and we spent a lot of money to hire a formation master.”
“If we open the seal, I’m afraid that the sword puppets within the Sword Washing Pool will rush out, and it will be troublesome at that time.”
“And to be able to seal the Sword Washing Pool in, we will also have to spend a great deal of money to hire a formation master’s, our Alchemy Sect has just recovered, and we really don’t have the means to be hiring formation masters.”
Master Iron Hammer spoke out the difficulties to Chen Ping!