When the one-eyed man heard this, he laughed out loud and said “If you want to know the news from my mouth, you’d better die, there’s no way I’m going to tell you.”
The woman in green didn’t say anything else but reached out and struck out a breath, followed by the one-eyed man screaming miserably!
The one-eyed man’s soul was actually being slowly absorbed by the woman in green!
In the end, it was directly sucked into the body of the woman in green!
The demonic cultivators who were able to mingle in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain were all poor and vicious people, so even if these guys were to die, it was impossible for them to say!
After absorbing the soul of that one-eyed man, the woman in green walked over to Chen Ping!
“Many thanks to fellow Daoist for coming to the rescue ……”
The woman in green said very politely to Chen Ping!
“It’s just a matter of lifting my hand!”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently!
However, Chen Ping’s pair of eyes were dead set on the chest of the woman in green!
He could feel that within the jade on the chest of the woman in green, there was a trace of vitality breath, and it was this breath that made the special breath within the woman much stronger!
As the woman in green looked at Chen Ping who kept staring at her chest, she couldn’t help but slightly lower her head and realised that her collar, at some point, had been left open!
The snow-white skin was exposed, especially the deep gully, which was indeed very attractive!
Originally, the green-clothed woman was still grateful to Chen Ping, but now that she found out that Chen Ping was so bold as to look at her own private place right in front of her face, her eyes immediately contained anger, and at the same time, she tightened her collar!
Seeing the woman in green tighten the collar, the jade covered up, Chen Ping could not help but sigh “really good stuff ah ……”
Upon hearing Chen Ping’s words, the woman in green’s good feelings towards Chen Ping certainly did not exist, this is a blatant molestation of their own!
“You big pervert, too rude ……”
The woman in green said, and slapped her palm towards Chen Ping!
<br> Chen Ping was stunned, rushed to avoid, a face of confusion said “this friend, I just saved your life, how you suddenly move on me ah, you this is the grace will revenge ah!”
“I pooh, you saved me, but you must be just coveting my body, I will never let you have your way.”
After saying that, the woman in green continued to attack towards Chen Ping!
However, after a few moves in a row, she simply couldn’t even touch the corner of Chen Ping’s clothes, and the woman in green could only stomp her feet anxiously!
“Tell me clearly, what body am I lusting after? Simply inexplicable!”
Chen Ping said with a confused face!
“What kind of gentleman are you pretending to be, what part of me did you look at just now?”
The woman in green once again tightened her collar a little!
Chen Ping instantly understood that the woman had misunderstood, so he hurriedly explained “I was just looking at the piece of jade in front of your chest, there is a vitality breath within that jade, I felt it was very special, so I looked at it twice more.”
“And I said that this jade is a good thing, I didn’t say anything else, you must have misunderstood.”
“Really?” The green-clothed woman looked at Chen Ping doubtfully!
“Of course it’s true, if it’s coveting your body, why would I even save you, I’d just directly follow that one-eyed co-operation.”
Chen Ping said without any good humour!
The woman in green thought about it and also felt that she did misunderstand Chen Ping, so she was full of apologies and said “I am really sorry for misunderstanding you.”
“My name is Jiang Yulian, that’s my senior brother Zheng Jian, we are both from the Soul Demon Sect, I wonder what is the name of this Taoist friend and what is he?”
“My surname is Cheng, I came from the Northern Domain.” Chen Ping replied!
“So it’s Cheng, I didn’t expect that you look like you are only at the Harmonisation Realm, yet you can resist a strike from the Transition Realm.”
“And you …………”
The green-clothed woman said, but suddenly stopped, and then a pair of eyes stared tightly at Chen Ping, her brows slightly furrowed!