‘I see!’
Chen Ping nodded!
After Chen Ping walked out of the thatched hut, White Chicory then grinned towards Chen Ping and said, ‘Senior brother, follow me ……’
White Chicory led Chen Ping to the Two Yi Sect!
While the Divine Ripple Ancestor and the Formation Demon continued to drink their wine!
‘Senior brother, how long do you reckon it will take for this brat to be able to break through the Heaven and Earth Formation, allowing us to return to the Heavenly Realm?’
Formation Devil asked the Divine Grain Old Ancestor!
The Divine Grain Old Ancestor slowly extended a finger and did not speak!
‘One hundred years?’ The Formation Devil looked surprised, ‘This can’t be possible, this guy can’t even rush through the Transition Realm in a hundred years I reckon, how is he going to break through this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation.’
‘It’s not a hundred years ……,’ said the Divine Ripple Ancestor!
‘That is a thousand years?’
Formation Devil calmed down, ‘A thousand years is still possible, but it’s that we brothers still have to continue to spend time here, when we return to the Heavenly Realm, the entire Heavenly Realm is afraid to change.’
‘Those old guys with us, thousands of years of cultivation, the strength is afraid to be much higher than us, when it is inevitable to be ridiculed.’
‘Hahaha, senior brother, why are you so pessimistic, couldn’t it have been a year?’
The Godly Tattooed Ancestor laughed out loud!
‘One year?’ Upon hearing this, the Formation Devil hurriedly shook his head, ‘Stop it, this kid broke open the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation in a year, how could it be, it’s absolutely impossible.’
‘Senior brother, haven’t you realised that this kid’s identity is extraordinary?’
‘Don’t you think about it, a cultivator of the sixth rank of the Ferrying Realm, yet he can decapitate a cultivator of the Mahayana Realm, and he alone possesses the aura of all three races within him.’
‘He’s such a small little cultivator, yet he possesses a vast origin space, has mastered several types of Supreme Flames, and in just a few days, he condensed his Intrinsic Divine Patterns, and also learnt several types of Divine Patterns within a few hours.’
‘Your demonic patterns were also condensed in a matter of moments, and you could also make divine patterns and demonic patterns have a connection with each other.’
‘This heavily strange manifestation, haven’t you thought about why?’
The Divine Pattern Ancestor said!
‘Why?’ Formation Demon asked curiously!
‘You fellow, you don’t use your brain at all, now that he has condensed his innate demonic pattern, don’t you know if you check it out yourself.’
The Divine Pattern Ancestor said with a smile!
‘You don’t say, I really haven’t checked this guy.’
After the Formation Demon finished speaking, his finger gently pointed in the void, and a demonic pattern flickered away!
It was only a split second, and Formation Devil’s eyes widened roundly, and the wine cup he was holding in his hand fell to the ground with a clatter!
‘Senior …… brother, he …… is actually the true body of a golden dragon, the son of a dragon ……’
‘Could he be that person’s child?’
Formation Devil said in horror.
‘Not bad, that’s why I said that in a year’s time, this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation could be broken open.’
The Divine Ripple Ancestor nodded his head and said!
After slowing down for a while, the Formation Devil was filled with excitement, ‘Hahaha, maybe it doesn’t even need to be a year, in half a year’s time, we’ll be able to return to the Heavenly Realm.’
‘The two of us still want to accept someone else as a disciple, this is really a disgrace, if those bast*rds in the Heavenly Realm knew about this, I’m afraid they would laugh at us for the rest of our lives!’
‘If he hadn’t condensed his Intrinsic Divine Ripple, I wouldn’t have used my Intrinsic Divine Ripple to check it out, who would have thought about his identity.’
‘Right now, his identity is so Avray hidden that I think there aren’t many people who can see it for fear, so we must keep this matter a secret.’
The Divine Ripple Ancestor said!
‘Don’t worry senior brother, it’s impossible for us to tell anyone else even if we stay here all day.’
‘With an identity like his, the stronger he is, the deeper his identity is hidden, I’m afraid that he will only reveal it in the end.’
‘A small place like the Celestial Realm would actually hide the Son of the Dragon.’
The Formation Demon sighed for a while!
‘Perhaps he himself doesn’t even know his true identity, so the two of us will just wait slowly.’
The Divine Grain Old Ancestor smiled faintly!
Formation Devil and Divine Pattern Old Ancestor raised their cups and clinked them together, drinking more and more!