“Kid, you’re a Ferrying Realm and you dare to speak out of turn?”
The burly man roared angrily!
Although he still had hair on his face, and one could tell at a glance that he was transformed into a black bear, he was a Mahayana Realm Second Grade Strength!
It was also not something that Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, could say anything about!
“He’s a Mahayana Realm Second Grade realm, you’re no match for him, leave it alone!”
Brother Missy said to Chen Ping!
“What can the second rank of the Mahayana realm do, it’s still dog farts ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly threw a punch!
Then the burly man slammed directly towards the back and directly blasted on top of the formation inside the cell, falling heavily to the ground!
“Tenacious ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold snort!
Brother Missy looked at this scene in shock, his face full of incredulity!
“Kid, you dare to sneak attack me ……”
The burly man got up with a face full of anger and stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
He did not expect Chen Ping, a Transition Realm cultivator, to dare to take the initiative to attack himself!
He himself was the second rank of the Mahayana Realm, and he was simply not comparable to a Transitional Apparition Realm cultivator.
Even if Chen Ping had reached the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, that could not be a match for a Mahayana Realm cultivator!
“You are really looking for death ……”
The burly man’s face was red as he roared angrily and rushed towards Chen Ping!
Only just as he got close to Chen Ping, he was sent flying by another punch from Chen Ping!
The second grade of the Mahayana realm cultivators had long since failed to enter Chen Ping’s eyes!
Against a second grade cultivator of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping did not need to exert any effort at all, it was no different from hitting a child!
Boom!
The burly man screamed miserably, then fell heavily to the ground.
“Ah ……”
The burly man had thick skin and flesh, and he seemed to have a stubborn temper, getting up and charging towards Chen Ping once again!
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
Chen Ping went down with a few punches in a row, the strong man was finally honest, and was panting heavily, because of the extinguishing of spiritual energy here, they had no way to replenish their spiritual energy, so after a few moves, the strong man was feeling physically weak!
On the contrary, Chen Ping had a relaxed face and looked at the strong man and said, “Be honest with me or I will directly get you killed ……”
Chen Ping stepped on that strong man with his feet, his eyes full of contempt!
Brother Missy looked at this scene, and his person was dumbfounded!
He did not expect that a cultivator of the second rank of the Mahayana realm would be stepped on by Chen Ping, a ninth rank of the Ferrying realm, and it was as simple as beating a child!
This kind of ability to cross levels and fight was not something that an ordinary cultivator could possess!
At this moment, the youngest sister’s brother was even more convinced that Chen Ping was by no means an ordinary cultivator, and was definitely the son of a great family!
For his own sister to follow Chen Ping, it was simply a high climb!
“Fellow Taoist spare your life, fellow Taoist spare your life, I admit defeat!”
The burly man repeatedly followed Chen Ping to spare his life!
In front of absolute strength, even the most stubborn temper would become honest!
Now that he was being stepped on by Chen Ping, he didn’t even have the strength to move a muscle, and every time he made a move, he couldn’t even touch the corner of Chen Ping’s coat, he already knew the gap between the two!
He had no other choice but to admit defeat!
“Be honest in the future!”
Chen Ping said as he kicked his opponent!
The strong man hurriedly got up and nodded his head repeatedly, “Definitely honest, definitely honest ……”
After saying that, the strong man curled up in the corner, where he still dared to be arrogant!
The youngest brother also climbed up at this moment, sizing up Chen Ping, his eyes filled with excitement and incredulity!
“Fellow Daoist, how …… did you come from the next cell? Could it be that there are no formations in the next cell?”
“And this Ferry Realm strength of yours, is it fake, are you hiding your strength?”
Brother Missy was very curious about Chen Ping at the moment!
Chen Ping glanced at the youngest sister’s brother and did not say anything, but returned to his cell!
The youngest sister’s brother saw this, and did not pursue the question, Chen Ping was not willing to say, if he kept pursuing the question, it would also make Chen Ping resentful!