When Chen Ping arrived at the Blood Spirit Valley, Jin Dong was already waiting for Chen Ping at the entrance of the valley!
Seeing that Chen Ping had even brought quite a few people with him, Jin Dong rushed forward and said “Mr Chen, these people are ……”
“These are all from the Soulless Hall, halfway across the road to bring them here, why are you doing what you are doing at the mouth of the valley?”
Chen Ping did not understand what Jin Dong was doing at the mouth of the valley, like he was waiting for someone!
“Mr Chen, I am here to wait for you.”
Jin Dong finished, came to Chen Ping’s ear and said quietly “Mr Chen, the person who sold you that clock came, and looks very strong, and had to see you, he probably returned and wants to take the clock back ……”
Jin Dong thought that the middle-aged man had come to retrieve the clock, so he had been waiting for Chen Ping at the mouth of the valley, intending to tell Chen Ping in advance so that Chen Ping could be mentally prepared!
But when Chen Ping heard that, he was overjoyed “Where is that man now?”
“Right inside, the ghost old man and my master are serving, very arrogant ……”
Jin Dong said!
Chen Ping wasn’t bothering about Jin Dong, but ran straight into the Blood Spirit Valley!
At this moment, the middle-aged man was sitting on a recliner, with the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and Luo Shouhai standing to the side!
Luo Shouhai’s face was a little displeased, but Devil Mountain Ghost Elder was respectful!
Seeing that Chen Ping had returned, the two rushed to welcome him!
“Mr Chen, you’re back ……”
Luo Shouhai and Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man said!
When the middle-aged man heard that Chen Ping had returned, he also got up straight away!
Chen Ping didn’t care about Luo Shouhai and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, but walked straight to the middle-aged man and said respectfully, “Wind Demon Senior, I’m really sorry to have kept you waiting……”
Chen Ping’s words caused Luo Shouhai and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man to all freeze on the spot, their faces full of incredulity!
Even the Wind Demon himself was slightly stunned, and then laughed “How did you recognise me?”
He knew that when he sold the clock to Chen Ping, Chen Ping did not recognise him, but now he shouted out himself as soon as they met, which made Wind Demon a little puzzled!
Chen Ping smiled awkwardly and said “I got to meet Senior Yin Demon, it was he who saw the clock and guessed your identity ……”
“Hahaha, so it was this old guy, I said that it was impossible for you to penetrate my time artefact in such a short period of time.”
Wind Demon laughed and acknowledged his identity!
At this moment, that Luo Shouhai and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder were both confused, they couldn’t believe that this middle-aged man in front of them, who was full of the beast race’s aura, was actually the Wind Demon?
“Senior Wind Demon, what’s going on with you? How is it that you have the aura of the Beast Race within you?”
Chen Ping was also surprised and asked!
“Ai, it’s a long story, when you released me from the Devil Suppressing Tower, my wisp of residual soul escaped back to the Celestial Realm, only that I didn’t find a resting place and had no way to remake my flesh, so in the end, I could only possess a Beast Race cultivator.”
“If the remnant soul is exposed for a long period of time, it’s very likely that the soul will fly away, and then I’ll really disappear forever!”
Wind Demon explained!
Only after hearing Wind Demon’s explanation did Chen Ping understand that this physical body belonged to a Beast Race cultivator, so it was no wonder that it had the aura of the Beast Race on it!
“Elder Ancestor, disciple should be damned for making a move against Elder Ancestor, please punish Elder Ancestor ……”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder fell to his knees in front of Wind Demon with a plop!
Right now, he had no doubt at all about Wind Demon’s identity, after all, Wind Demon had just used the Holy Light Fist!
“Get up, those who don’t know are not guilty!”
Wind Demon said as he waved his hand!
Demon Mountain Ghost Elder stood up with a face full of excitement, his body was trembling slightly from excitement!
“Senior Wind Demon, I wonder what you are looking for me for?”
Chen Ping was curious as to why Wind Demon had come here to look for himself!
“Of course I’m looking for you because I have something I want to ask for your help, I’ve been using someone else’s physical body now, there’s no way I can increase my strength, this physical body can’t withstand it.”
“That’s why I need to remake my flesh body by myself to be able to do so, but to remake my flesh body, I need the Heavenly Demon Stone, I want you to find me the Heavenly Demon Stone so that I can remake my flesh body.”
Wind Demon said!