Chen Ping did not say anything, but raised the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand high, and then slashed it across the air, the flames burning above the Dragon Slashing Sword suddenly flourished, and a tongue of fire shot out from the Dragon Slashing Sword, while the Dragon Slashing Sword let out a soft chirp.
The fire tongues that just shot out were the spiritual energy from Chen Ping’s body, and a total of nine tongues of fire went towards the nine chains.
The nine tongues of fire went towards the nine chains. …………
After the tongues of fire touched the chains, the fury on the chains instantly burst into flames, followed by a sound of fracture.
The nine chains, burning with thick flames, all fell to the ground as if they were pythons with severed heads, and then turned into powder and dissipated, while the cracks on the ground also closed up quickly.
Chen Ping pointed his dragon chopping sword at Ni Xidao and said coldly, “Your jutsu is no more than that, what else can you do, just come ……”
When Ni Sidao saw that his own masterpiece, the Dragon Trapping Formation, was no match for Chen Ping, his face suddenly turned ugly.
And that Xiahou Dun looked at Chen Ping at this moment, his eyes were full of surprise, he did not understand, this is only a few days, Chen Ping’s strength seems to have increased a lot.
“Kid, you rely on the treasure sword in your hand, I can’t help you today, but I will seek revenge on you sooner or later ……”
After Ni Xidao finished speaking, his body retreated with a jerk, surprisingly retreating towards the mountain, directly running away.
He was in the same boat as Ni Sidao, but Ni Sidao wanted to run away without informing himself, so he wanted to leave himself as a scapegoat?
The first thing he did was to turn around and run. The revenge of killing his son was not important for a while.
When they saw that Ni Sidao and Xiahou Dun had turned around and run away, they did not have the slightest bit of respectable manners, which surprised Xu Changsheng and the elders.
Just as Xu Changsheng and the others reflected and wanted to go after them, Chen Ping stopped them with a hand.
“Don’t chase after them ……”
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Cutting Sword, his face pale without a trace of blood.
“Valley Master, are you alright?” Xu Changsheng hurriedly asked when he saw Chen Ping looking like that.
Chen Ping shook his head, but then a mouthful of fresh blood spurted out.
Ni Sidao’s spell was indeed very powerful, and if Chen Ping hadn’t held on strongly just now and scared this guy away, it would have been really hard to end it later.
Chen Ping was helped down the mountain by Xu Changsheng and the others. Originally, Chen Ping had planned to leave today, but now it seemed that he could only spend a day in the Pill God Valley to recuperate.
The next day, no matter how much Xu Changsheng and the others tried to persuade him, Chen Ping still insisted on leaving the Pill God Valley, otherwise he would not be able to reach Nameless Island on the 15th day of the 7th month.
After walking out of the Pill God Valley, Chen Ping directly bought a flight ticket to South China City, from where he had to take a boat in order to get to Nameless Island, as this was the only place where there were boats that went to Nameless Island.
When Chen Ping flew to South China City, it was already evening. After booking the boat ticket in advance, Chen Ping found a hotel to rest and prepared to board the boat to Nameless Island first thing in the morning.
Just as Chen Ping was having dinner at the hotel, he found that the hotel was surprisingly busy, with many guests coming and going, and all of these guests were emitting aura, and were obviously martial artists.
As the rooms had long since been filled, Chen Ping had no choice but to find someone inside the hotel at a high price, trying to get the insiders to find a room for him.
“Brother, how come there are so many people in your hotel?”
Chen Ping asked to the in-house hotel attendant he had found.
“I’m not sure, I don’t know what’s going on this year, we’ll gather so many people here, it seems like they’re all out at sea, right? I don’t know what to do either ……”
The waiter shook his head and said.