Seeing the token, Lin Ke Dong instantly wilted, and could only glare viciously at Chen Ping before turning to Lin Kefan and saying, “I’ll go back with you ……”
However, just as Lin Kedong was about to follow Lin Kefan out, Chen Ping directly sacrificed his Dragon Cutting Sword and blocked in front of the two of them!
“You want to come when you want to come and leave when you want to leave, where is it so easy, if you want to leave you can, leave your lives behind ……”
Chen Ping waved the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and a sword qi began to surge in the sky and earth!
Lin Kefan frowned, while that Lin Ke Dong said with rounded eyes, “Kid, you are playing with fire ……”
“I’m playing with your mother, today I ……”
Chen Ping had not finished speaking, but the two men in the brocade robe were also rapidly approaching towards this place!
Chen Ping felt the aura of the two brocade-robed men and could not help but change his face slightly!
Against Lin Ke Dong and Lin Ke Fan, Chen Ping still had the power to fight!
If these two peaks of the Ninth Grade of the Mahayana Realm were added to the mix, Chen Ping knew that he would never stand a chance of winning!
“You two get lost ……”
Chen Ping waved his hand and told Lin Ke Dong and Lin Ke Fan to get lost!
“Fuck you …………”
Lin Ke Dong was unable to rest his anger, but he was still pulled away by Lin Kefan!
Lin Ruoya also followed closely behind, Chen Ping did not make things difficult for her, but instead looked at the two brocade robed men warily!
“Mr Chen, it was the three of them who first approached you ……”
Xiao Yuanshan came to Chen Ping’s side, but just as he finished his words, he realised that only two of the three brocade-robed men were left, so he asked, “Aren’t there three of you? Where is that stupid big man with the meteor hammer in his hand?”
The brocade-robed man, however, didn’t answer Xiao Yuanshan’s words, but came to Chen Ping’s front and bowed respectfully and said, “How are you, Mr Chen, my name is Xuan Bin, and this is my third brother, Zhou Tang ……”
The polite manner of the brocade robed man was a bit surprising to Chen Ping!
“Aren’t there three of you? Where is your second brother?”
Chen Ping asked!
“He is dead ……,” Xuan Bin said without hiding anything!
“Dead?”
Xiao Yuanshan and Chen Ping were both shocked.
“I killed my second brother because this guy was money obsessed and smothered by profit, bent on killing Sir Chen and obtaining the 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones from the 10th Palace.”
“Under no choice but to kill him ……”
Xuan Bin said truthfully!
Hearing Xuan Bin’s reason for killing his second brother, both Chen Ping and Xiao Yuanshan were dumbfounded!
“For this reason, you killed your second brother?”
Chen Ping sized up Xuan Bin with some disbelief!
“This reason is enough, because I know that once he makes a move against Lord Chen, all three of us brothers will die without a burial place.”
“For my own sake, and for the sake of third brother’s safety, I can only kill second brother as well!”
Xuan Bin said!
“Are you so sure that I can kill the three of you?”Chen Ping did not understand, this Xuan Bin had only met himself for the first time, so how did he know that he was capable of killing the three of them?
“I’m not sure, but I do know that the future of Prince Chen is unlimited, even if we don’t manage to kill us this time around, we will die miserably at the hands of Prince Chen in the future!”
“Just seeing that Prince Chen easily defeated that Lin Ke Dong is enough to prove that my guess was good!”
Xuan Bin had a sincere face and did not have the slightest intention of boasting!
“Wait!”Chen Ping froze and looked towards that Xuan Bin, “What did you just say? What was the name of that guy that I fought off?”
“Lin Ke Dong, the Grand Prince of Sun Moon City ……”
Xuan Bin said!
“F*ck me …………”
Chen Ping instantly sucked in a mouthful of cool air, and his entire body almost didn’t faint!
He had always thought that Lin Ke Dong was Huo Qing of the 10th Palace, so he had been a little heavy handed!
Unexpectedly, it was his own great uncle?
This was troublesome!
Chen Ping had injured his own brother-in-law, how could he meet Lin Ke Ting in the future?
And I think I just cursed and said “I’ll play with your mum”.
Lin Ke Dong’s mother, is not his mother-in-law?
Chen Ping didn’t dare to think about it anymore, the whole person was numb ……