Pocky Hu couldn’t help but laugh as he looked at Chen Ping’s appearance of bending down and looking carefully!
Chen Ping was stunned, then looked at Hu Pazzi: “Master Hu, what are you laughing at?”
“I’m laughing at the fact that if you look for the organ like this, you won’t be able to find it even at dawn ……”
Pocky Hu said.
“Then how do you want to find it?” Chen Ping asked.
“Have you forgotten what I do? A mere small organ is nothing in front of me?”
Hu Ma Zi said, casually pulling out a talisman, followed by a chant under his breath, and the talisman suddenly emitted a light green glow!
This light began to sweep, and soon in a hidden place, there was a dot of light flickering!
“This is the organ here ……”
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi stepped forward and prepared to press the mechanism!
But he was stopped by Chen Ping, who shook his head, then held his breath and listened carefully.
He then looked at Hu Pazi, who understood and slowly pressed the mechanism!
Soon, the walls in front of them began to recede to either side, and another view was exposed to the two of them.
Just as the mechanism opened, Chen Ping and Hu Pazi dodged in, then struck out towards the guards on either side, directly knocking them out.
Before the two guards could see who was coming, their eyes went black and they pa*sed out!
Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi looked at the peach blossom-like scene in front of them, and a mansion not far away, and felt some excitement inside!
It seemed that this was the hub of the whole Penglai Island, and the person who controlled it must live here!
The two men cautiously walked towards the mansion!
But soon, a taboo instantly blocked the path of the two!
“What a strong forbidden power ……”
Hu Ma Zi was filled with surprise!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, frowned slightly and put his hand gently in front of him, only to feel that his hand touched something that was very hard and could not be penetrated.
Chen Ping slowly pushed his spiritual power, trying to destroy the forbidden in front of him!
He did not dare to explode his breath directly, that would be instantly noticed.
But Chen Ping’s spiritual power had just been activated, and instantly a great recoil hit him, and Chen Ping’s body flew straight backwards.
“Are you alright?”
Hu Ma Zi asked as he looked towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head, “It’s fine, this forbidden formation is somewhat interesting ……”
Chen Ping said, a faint golden light wrapped around his palm, then he pressed hard on the forbidden force in front of him!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, there was a loud boom, followed by a shaking of the earth and mountains!
Such a commotion startled both Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi!
“D*mn, this forbidden formation, there’s even an alarm that will activate if it’s forcibly broken, let’s get out of here ……”
Hu Puzi stepped forward and pulled Chen Ping by the hand!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also knew that it was impossible to investigate further, so he followed Hu Pazi and turned around and ran!
This loud booming sound instantly woke up many guards.
Even that Tiger Li Daxian inside the mansion woke up at once!
When he opened the mechanism and saw the two guards who had been knocked unconscious, Du Ziteng’s face looked very ugly!
And at that moment, inside the mansion, a terrifying aura was continuously emanating outwards.
Feeling the terrifying aura, Du Ziteng’s body was trembling.
Du Ziteng stiffened his head and slowly walked towards the mansion, not knowing what he was going to face next!
A forbidden place being sneaked into, this was a heavenly sin!
Pa*sing through the forbidden force, Du Ziteng fell to his knees with a poof and unexpectedly crawled towards the mansion!
Du Ziteng’s forehead was covered in cold sweat, he was beginning to feel some regret!
Regret for letting Chen Ping and the others stay within the palace, he hadn’t thought that Chen Ping and the others would find the forbidden place and dare to sneak in!
If he knew that Chen Ping had not changed his expression when he used his divine sense to probe, Du Ziteng had thought that Chen Ping had not found out anything.