Chen Ping knew that if Xing Jun hadn’t discovered the secret of Zang Qing’s technique at that time, he probably wouldn’t have been able to kill that Zang Qing.
“Mr. Chen, during the time you’ve been away, Kyoto has been much quieter, but that Dong Jiahao from the Dong Family has come looking for you many times, and I don’t know what’s going on!”
Zhao Wuji said to Chen Ping.
“What does Dong Jiahao want with me?”
When Chen Ping heard this, his eyebrows frowned slightly.
That Dong Jiahao had approached him many times, there couldn’t be anything wrong, could there?
“I’m not sure, but he said that when you return to Kyoto, give him a call!”
Zhao Wuji said.
After hearing this, Chen Ping took out his mobile phone and gave Dong Jiahao a call.
After all, Dong Jiahao was a good person and had helped himself, so he was so anxious to find himself, so maybe he had really run into something.
When Dong Jiahao received Chen Ping’s call, he was overjoyed and told Chen Ping to wait for him at the Protector’s Pavilion, while Dong Jiahao drove straight to the Protector’s Pavilion.
And at this moment, a sumptuous banquet table was set up within the Dong family!
Dong Liqun sat at the main table, quietly waiting for Chen Ping’s arrival.
“Master, that Chen Ping has killed the Heaven-Shattering Sect’s Sect Master Zang Qing, which means that this fellow is quite strong, if we forcefully detain him, what if he resists?”
The butler asked in a small voice to Dong Liqun.
“Don’t worry, I’ve already thought about it!”
The corner of Dong Liqun’s mouth raised, then he took out a pill, which was crystal clear and very beautiful.
“Master, what is this?”
The butler asked curiously.
“It is called a Qi Control Pill, as long as you take this, even if you have the greatest ability, you will not be able to exert it, then that Chen Ping will be at our mercy!”
Dong Liqun said indifferently.
After hearing this, the butler hurriedly said, “Master, that Chen Ping I have heard, is very familiar with the Pill God Valley, there are also rumours that Chen Ping is the Pill God Valley Master.”
“In that case, if we drug him, wouldn’t that be playing a big sword in front of Lord Guan? He will definitely be able to find out.”
Dong Liqun glanced at the steward, “Let me tell you, this Qi Control Pill is colourless and tasteless, it dissolves in water, it is not visible at all, even if that Chen Ping is really the Pill God Valley Master, he will not be able to find out!”
“So that’s how it is!” The butler nodded, but then asked again, “Then what about the young master if we control Chen Ping? If he finds out about it, he will definitely disapprove.”
“I will find an excuse and let Jiahao leave, we just need to control that Chen Ping, it won’t take long for the dragon crystal on him to be mine.”
Dong Liqun’s eyes were filled with greed.
“What about after we get the dragon crystal? If we let that Chen Ping go, when he regains his strength, he will definitely come to us for revenge ……”
The butler asked.
“Are you f*cking stupid? Who said we should let him go, when we get the dragon crystal, we will just kill him, do we have to let the tiger go back to the mountain.”
Dong Liqun was a little annoyed by the question and cursed angrily at the butler.
“But if we kill that Chen Ping and Mr. Shi finds out, we will be in trouble ……”
The butler shrank his head and reminded Dong Liqun in a small voice.
Dong Liqun’s face was red with anger and he gave a blow towards the butler’s head, “How the f*ck did I find such a butler like you, even if we killed Chen Ping, we can’t say that we did it, it just so happens that that boy from the Ning family had a grudge against Chen Ping, then we’ll make it look like it was someone from the Ning family who did it.”
“When the time comes, Mr. Shi will blame the Ning family, and it would be good to bring down the Ning family, then we will have one less rival in Kyoto!”
The butler didn’t dare to speak anymore and kept his mouth shut.
Dong Liqun then took the teapot and put the Qi Control Pill inside, then gently shook it a few times.
Finally opening it and smelling it, he nodded in satisfaction.
He was now waiting for Chen Ping to arrive and then let Chen Ping drink the tea.