Han Qing’er herself was already a Grand Martial Marquis according to the Martial Dao Realm realm division.
So with such strength, there was nothing to worry about.
No one noticed Han Qing’er’s departure, and all focused on Chen Ping’s body.
“Chen Ping, I love you, I really love you ……”
“Chen Ping, I want to give you children, I want our children to be as bullish as you!”
“Chen Ping …………”
Those women were shouting like crazy!
Like those fanatical fans who chased after stars, at this moment, if Chen Ping wanted these women to do anything, they would not hesitate to agree.
Chen Ping had an embarra*sed face, while Gu Ling’er had a gloomy look on her face!
How could Chen Ping be his own man, now that his man was being shown love by so many women, of course Gu Ling’er was jealous.
“Valley Master, you’re finally back, these people have been blocking this place for days, let them go, and no one is leaving ……”
Xu Changsheng said as he followed Chen Ping with a helpless face.
“What should we do about this? Then blow these people away?”
Chen Ping was also helpless, not knowing how to deal with these people.
“We can’t blow them away, unless we use force, but then the valley master will have to suffer from people’s mouths ……”
Xu Changsheng said with a slight frown.
“What should we do? It seems that being a star, also has many troubles ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t think of any good way, he couldn’t really take in these people himself, these clans and families, right?
Chen Ping doesn’t have that energy, and even less resources to share following these people!
“Chen Ping, then hasn’t the Dragon Family made an announcement to follow you now.”
“You can absolutely tell these people that the Dragon Family will be able to represent you from now on, and let this person go to the Dragon Family.”
“That Long Xingxu guy has some brains, I’m sure he’ll be able to handle it.”
Long Wu came up at this time and said to Chen Ping.
“Yeah, let these people go to the Dragon Family ……”
Chen Ping nodded happily and then followed those people!
Hearing Chen Ping say so, many people began to flock to the Dragon Family!
As for how Long Xingxu operated, Chen Ping didn’t have to worry about it.
After sending the people away, Chen Ping summoned Zhao Liguo, Xu Changsheng and the Four Villains including Long Wu, thinking of discussing it together.
Let’s see how to save Su Yuqi from the Martial Alliance!
“Mr. Chen, nowadays you are in the limelight, while that Martial Dao Alliance is already in great power, and many sects and families have left the Martial Dao Alliance.”
“Why don’t we bring along the many clan families and just smash the Martial Dao Alliance, I don’t believe we won’t be able to save Miss Su!”
Zhao Liguo said loudly.
“I don’t feel like it, what if this ma*sive attack on the Martial Dao Alliance really can’t take it anymore and poison Miss Su?”
“We can’t push the Wudao Alliance too hard, after all, Miss Su is in their hands, they can totally use it as a bargaining chip.”
Ding Dadu immediately opposed Zhao Liguo’s proposal.
Chen Ping was silent, he too was now uncertain of his decision.
Just then, suddenly several people from the Pill God Valley walked in with one person tied up in all fives!
“What’s going on here?”
Xu Changsheng asked.
“Elder Xu, this guy is from the Martial Alliance, he was sneaking around and we caught him!”
A person from the Pill God Valley said.
“Someone from the Martial Dao Alliance?”
As soon as Xu Changsheng heard that, he was on fire!
“I was ordered by the Alliance Master to come over and bring a message to Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing that Xu Changsheng was on fire, that member of the Martial Dao Alliance hurriedly explained.
“To bring me a message?”
Chen Ping was astonished, “Is your alliance leader now Ning Zhi?”
“Yes, yes, our alliance master invited you to the Martial Dao Alliance, saying that he has something important to talk to you about ……”
That member of the Martial Dao Alliance said, cautiously.