In the middle of the night!
Suddenly, a brilliant light lit up in the sky!
This light seemed to erupt from the ground and shot straight up above the clouds!
Immediately after that, a tremor resounded within the sea of consciousness of the crowd!
Along with the trembling of the sea of consciousness, an angry and low voice rang out!
“Kill Chen Ping, and his head can be used to exchange for a hundred years of offerings in my Demon Sealing Alliance ……”
This voice was none other than the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Lord, Zuo Tianzheng’s!
And this voice resounded throughout the entire Celestial Realm, in the sea of consciousness of nearly hundreds of thousands of people!
Within the five great sects, there were also many people who woke up with a jolt, their eyes wide open with incredulity in their eyes!
Hai Dafu, on the other hand, leapt up violently, looking at the light outside that shot straight up into the sky, his heart very shaken!
“A hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, what a huge resource.”
Hai Dafu muttered!
Knowing that the Demon Sealing Alliance had its own forces in the entire Celestial Realm, with such a huge strength and a hundred years of offerings, that resource was inexhaustible!
With such huge resources, cultivation would definitely be twice as effective with half the effort!
“This Chen Ping, what on earth has he done to provoke the Demon Sealing Alliance to use the Miles of Sound Transmission and take out a hundred years of offerings.”
Hai Dafu muttered as he put on his clothes and headed towards the hall!
At this moment, the halls of the five great clans had already seen quite a few people come!
Patriarch Luo was also up and sitting at the first place!
“I didn’t realise that you all received a 10,000 mile transmission from the Demon Sealing Alliance, how did this Chen Ping mess with the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
Hai Dafu saw that everyone was there, so he asked curiously!
“I’m not sure, but to be able to make the Demon Sealing Alliance take out a hundred years of offerings, I’m afraid that this Chen Ping has gotten into big trouble.”
Patriarch Yang of the Tianyang Sect said!
“It couldn’t be the son of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Lord, who was killed by this Chen Ping, could it? Aside from this kind of thing, what else could make Zuo Tianzheng so enraged?”
r> Patriarch Yue of the Heavenly Moon Sect said!
“Regardless of what it is because of, now that the Demon Sealing Alliance has taken out a hundred years of offerings, it seems that the good days of our five great clans have arrived.”
“We just need to capture that Chen Ping and hand him over to the Demon Sealing Alliance, and in the future, our five great clans will never have to worry about cultivation resources again.”
Patriarch Chen of the Tianchen Sect said!
“Right, let’s go and capture that Chen Ping right now, or else it will be cheaper for others.”
Hai Dafu nodded and said!
Only Patriarch Luo remained silent, as if he was considering something!
A hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance was indeed tempting!
However, they had followed Chen Ping without any grievances, and to arrest Chen Ping just for the Demon Sealing Alliance’s one hundred year offering, Patriarch Luo felt that there was something wrong!
After all, their five great clans were considered to be prestigious sects, and they could not do such things that were detrimental to others and their own interests!
What’s more, Patriarch Luo didn’t like the Demon Sealing Alliance very much either!
He had also heard of some of the things that the Demon Sealing Alliance had done, and for some of the things that the Demon Sealing Alliance had done, Patriarch Luo also felt no shame!
“Gentlemen, now that we know that that Chen Ping is not the one who killed our Five Sons of the People’s Jie, if we were to go and arrest Chen Ping for the sake of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, then what would become of our five great clans?”
“Although the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings is tempting, don’t forget the legacy of our five great clans’ ancestors, we are a prestigious sect, although in the current Celestial Realm, there are many people who will stop at nothing for the sake of cultivation, we cannot do this!”
“I hope that we can all guard the last bit of justice in our hearts, as for what kind of enmity that Chen Ping has following the Demon Sealing Alliance, we won’t get involved, we’ll just let them leave our quarters tomorrow.”
Patriarch Luo said to the other few patriarchs!
“Patriarch Luo, if we don’t make a move, I believe the others will also make a move against that Chen Ping.”
“Are we just going to watch the fat meat slip away from our mouths?”
Hai Dafu looked at Patriarch Luo with great puzzlement!