“What? Running out of strength so soon?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“Kid, you’re stronger than I thought, but this is just the beginning ……”
After Duda finished speaking, his feet shook slightly, and immediately afterwards, the spiritual energy visible to the naked eye began to pour in overwhelmingly.
The spiritual energy within Duda’s body was recovering little by little, while the surrounding crowd felt that the air around them had suddenly become much colder.
Very soon, Duda’s spiritual energy actually recovered completely, which made Chen Ping a little surprised!
He did not know what kind of technique this Du Da was using, but he was able to completely replenish his deficient spiritual energy in a short period of time.
He saw Du Da recite the words under his breath, and his eyes were as wide as copper bells, and soon, on the tip of the sword, a burst of light dazzled him, as if a small sun suddenly burst out, instantly shining so brightly that one could not open his eyes.
Just as Chen Ping’s eyes were in a trance, he felt a strong wind coming at him, as fast as lightning.
As Chen Ping turned sideways, a coolness pa*sed along Chen Ping’s face, and he even felt the icy coldness on the tip of the sword.
He even felt the icy coldness on the tip of the sword. When the blow missed, Duda retreated and the tip of the sword began to shine again.
When Chen Ping saw that Du Da wanted to repeat the same trick, he chopped the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and a green mane of sword Qi instantly cut at Du Da, forcing him to dodge and interrupting him from performing the spell again.
Chen Ping looked at Du Da, and his face also had a grave expression, although this Du Da’s cultivation level was the same as his own, he also possessed the art of jutsu, which was what made it so powerful.
Not every cultivator knew the art of jutsu, the art of jutsu was already scarce on this earth, because the cultivation of immortality was prevalent, slowly the jutsu practitioners fell away, and few people bothered to cultivate jutsu anymore.
In the end, when the spiritual energy dried up, many people remembered their old techniques and wanted to learn them again, only to find that they seemed to have disappeared from this world, and that very few advanced techniques remained in the world.
The light on the tip of the sword was not produced by the body’s spiritual power.
What was needed for a spell was spiritual power, and only spiritual power could catalyse a spell. This was Du Da’s intention to follow Chen Ping and compare spells.
“You want to compare spells with me, then I will play with you ……”
Chen Ping said and surprisingly put away his own Dragon Cutting Sword.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping put his two fingers together and a golden light flashed at the tip of those fingers.
Spirit One Finger!
With a fierce finger, a spirit light went straight to that Du Da’s chest, this finger would definitely put a big hole through that Du Da’s body if it hit.
However, this Du Da was obviously a veteran of bouts, and his experience and reflexes were particularly strong.
Just as Chen Ping was striking, Duda’s body turned to the side, followed by a surge of palm wind blowing towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body flickered and several identical Chen Ping’s instantly appeared!
Each of them looked so real that Du Da’s brow furrowed!
In the moment when Du Da was dazed, Chen Ping had already arrived behind Du Da!
The first thing that happened was a golden glow on his fist, and when Duda felt the danger behind him, his sweat stood up.
Boom ……
Duda’s back was hit by Chen Ping’s fierce fist, Duda staggered and rushed out, almost not falling to the ground.
This hit made Duda’s face turn ugly.
“Kid, you must die today ……”
Duda roared in anger as a thick killing intent rose to the sky.
Immediately afterwards, Du Da’s whole body was enveloped in a faint light, and then he smashed his fist at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had no fear and followed suit with a fist to meet him.
Boom!!!