“Aren’t you going to run?”
Qi Peijia asked, looking at Chen Ping with a mocking expression!
“Why would I run?” Chen Ping said calmly!
“Haha, it seems that your ascension to the second rank of the Transition Realm has given you a huge boost in confidence ah, do you feel that you can fight against me once you’ve ascended to the second rank of the Transition Realm, and without the help of outsiders, I’ll be able to get you killed in a minute.”
The corner of Qi Peijia’s mouth lifted up a cruel smile as he looked at Chen Ping as if he was looking at a dead person!
“You were unable to kill me in the Divine Demon Battlefield, and you are just as unable to kill me now, do you know why?”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
“Why?” Qi Peijia froze!
“Because your skills are not qualified enough to kill me, do you think that you can do whatever you want just because you had a strange encounter in the Devil Swallowing Cave and learnt a technique? You are just lucky.”
Chen Ping laughed coldly!
“Hahaha, you can say whatever you want, but it won’t change your fate of dying today, if you don’t want to die, you can cut off your own limbs and I’ll bring you to the Demon Sealing Alliance to collect the reward.”
“As for how the Demon Sealing Alliance will deal with you, then I don’t care, but there’s a possibility that you’ll leave a life behind.”
Qi Peijia laughed out loud.
“Cutting off your own limbs, you are also worthy ……”
Chen Ping’s gaze condensed as killing intent permeated his eyes!
Although Chen Ping did not have the confidence to deal with this Qi Peijia, he was not afraid at all, after all, he had the ability to defend himself.
What’s more, there was still the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in his Sea of Consciousness, Qi Peijia was even more powerful, and his Kung Fu cultivation had also been taught by the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
As long as the Red Cloud Demon Sovereign was able to help Chen Ping at that time, it wasn’t like he didn’t have a chance to kill this Qi Peijia!
“Since you don’t know what to do, then die!”
Qi Peijia grinned, revealing a row of white teeth!
Boom!
Immediately after that, a black mist erupted around Qi Peijia’s body, and the black mist and began to spread continuously!
The violent black mist swept continuously, causing the entire sky to instantly become dim!
Feeling this violent and bloody aura, Zeng Nian An continuously retreated backwards!
Patriarch Jiang and the others also continued to retreat, fearing that they would be wrapped up in this aura!
Chen Ping looked at the Qi Peijia’s aura that had erupted, his face was also a bit gloomy, then he took a deep breath, a golden light shot out from around his body, followed by the Unbreakable Golden Body that covered Chen Ping’s entire body!
Facing Qi Peijia, Chen Ping did not dare to be the slightest bit careless, this was a great cultivator of the eighth grade of the Transitional Realm!
With the Unbreakable Golden Body on his body, the various auras in his body also exploded at the same time, but Chen Ping’s aura was still much weaker compared to that Qi Peijia!
Seeing this scene, both Patriarch Jiang and Ochre Yan were pinching a cold sweat for Chen Ping!
After all, the difference in strength between the two was too great, and could be distinguished from the aura that had erupted alone!
Looking at Chen Ping, who was covered in golden light, Qi Peijia stared at Chen Ping indifferently, the corner of his mouth said with a mocking smile “You guy, not strong, but covered in treasures, killing you will not only exchange for a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, but also the treasures on your body for yourself, it is really two birds with one stone ah!”
After Qi Peijia finished speaking, his foot stomped violently, and then the tumbling black mist instantly transformed into a fierce beast, heading straight towards Chen Ping with a roar!
Chen Ping looked at the incoming beast, the Dragon Chopping Sword instantly appeared, and then the sword chopped out, flashing out countless golden lights, which directly transformed into a golden dragon, emitting a gurgling dragon roar!
Looking at the golden dragon, Zeng Nian An was a little dumbfounded, he did not expect this to be something that a second grade cultivator of the Transition Realm would be able to burst out!
Qi Peijia looked at Chen Ping’s golden dragon that had erupted, his eyes filled with mockery.