In this situation, there was no other option but to run!
Hua Yueying immediately cast a formation, and a web-like barrier of light formed between Chen Ping, the Tenth Hall Master, and the others.
Seizing the opportunity, Chen Ping and his group turned and fled!
“Let’s head to Sun-Moon City…”
Lin Kefan suggested.
“No, to the Xiao Dynasty!”
Chen Ping shouted, directing everyone toward the Xiao Dynasty.
Chen Ping didn’t want to lead these people to Sun-Moon City. If a fight broke out there, even if Sun-Moon City emerged victorious, there would likely be heavy casualties.
The Xiao Dynasty was different. It was protected by the aura of Mr. Shi, and no one dared to cause trouble there.
If these guys dared to chase them into the Xiao Dynasty, they might just provoke Mr. Shi into appearing.
And if Mr. Shi showed up, these people would be as good as dead!
Chen Ping had another reason for heading to the Xiao Dynasty—Yun Li.
Yun Li was also in the Xiao Dynasty. If the Tenth Hall Master chased them there, Chen Ping could call on Yun Li to step in during a critical moment.
“Still trying to run? Dream on!”
The Tenth Hall Master snorted coldly, vanishing on the spot and instantly breaking through the barrier Hua Yueying had set up.
Chen Ping frowned, gripping the Dragon-Slaying Sword, and suddenly turned to strike.
Boom!
Chen Ping was sent flying back thousands of feet, but the Tenth Hall Master’s advance was also halted.
Chen Ping was buying time for the others. Regardless of whether Xuan Bin and the others were helping him for the spirit stones, Chen Ping couldn’t let them face danger now.
After stopping the Tenth Hall Master, Chen Ping turned and continued to flee, his body covered in shocking bloodstains.
The Tenth Hall Master narrowed his eyes and waved his hand, “Chase them…”
Huò Qīng and the others, along with the reinforcements from the Huo family, pursued Chen Ping and his group.
As Chen Ping fled, he continuously set up illusion formations. Hastily constructed, these formations weren’t perfect, but Chen Ping didn’t have time to perfect them.
Every minute of delay counted. As long as they could reach the Xiao Dynasty, they would be safe.
In the void of the Heavenly Realm, streaks of light shot past like meteors, followed closely by over a dozen others in pursuit.
Everyone pushed their speed to the limit, no longer conserving their spiritual energy.
Soon, Chen Ping caught sight of the Xiao Dynasty’s imperial city and let out a heavy sigh of relief.
“Hurry, get into Xiao Dynasty territory!”
Chen Ping urged Lin Kefan and the others to enter the Xiao Dynasty as quickly as possible.
The Tenth Hall Master and his group chased them all the way to the border of the Xiao Dynasty, where Huò Qīng finally stopped everyone.
“Steward Lú, Big Brother, ahead is the Xiao Dynasty. We need to be careful.”
Huò Qīng warned the steward and his elder brother.
“What’s the Xiao Dynasty? Is it that powerful? Do we really need to be cautious?”
Huò Míng, the elder brother, asked in confusion.
“Let’s hurry up and chase them. The major powers in the Heavenly Realm are all trash. The real experts have long since gone into seclusion to cultivate!”
The Tenth Hall Master urged impatiently.
Huò Qīng merely glanced at the Tenth Hall Master, ignoring him.
The Tenth Hall was now in shambles, with most of its members dead or injured. The Tenth Hall Master was practically a lone commander.
Huò Qīng looked down on him even more. If it weren’t for Elder Qian’s intervention, Huò Qīng might not have even cared about the Tenth Hall Master’s survival.
Now that it was just their Huo family, he could disregard the Tenth Hall Master entirely.
“Big Brother, you don’t understand. The Xiao Dynasty is protected by the aura of a powerful expert. If we act recklessly within its borders, we could face disaster.”
Huò Qīng explained to Huò Míng.
“A powerful expert? How powerful?” Huò Míng asked.
“Someone who can kill and then bring the dead back to life…”
Huò Qīng replied.
Hearing this, the Tenth Hall Master immediately realized who Huò Qīng was referring to.
It was the same person who had killed Luo Ta and then brought him back to life.
“Oh, there’s such an expert in the Heavenly Realm?” Huò Míng was stunned.
Steward Lú also frowned and said, “Young Master, the ability to kill and resurrect someone is something even immortals can’t do casually. How could such a person exist in the Heavenly Realm?”