At this moment, the referee of the Martial Arts Union also came forward, ready to announce the result of this bout!
“I hereby announce the result of this bout, Long Xiao wins ……”
The referee announced loudly, and at this moment the Long Family crowd wasn’t as excited as they thought they would be!
Although Long Xiao had won, it was a victory without Chen Ping fighting back, so for their Long Family, there was nothing to be happy about.
“I’m not even dead yet, and to announce the result so easily like this, is this how the Martial Arts Union acts hastily?”
Just as the crowd was about to leave the stage, and Long Xiao was about to leave, a voice like rolling thunder suddenly came from the deep pit!
In an instant, the scene was silent, all eyes looked into the deep pit, and even those who had left stopped in their tracks!
Only to see Chen Ping’s body slowly rise from the deep pit, his clothes all shredded and his dazzling golden light somewhat dimmed, but the aura on Chen Ping’s body was still exuberant, as if it hadn’t been affected in the slightest!
“Hiss …………”
Looking at the intact Chen Ping, everyone drew in a cold breath.
“This …… how is this possible, even a strong person of peak Martial Sect strength, I’m afraid that he wouldn’t be able to remain intact under Long Xiao’s Holy Light Fist, right?”
“Too terrifying, too demonic, is this Chen Ping still human?”
“At such a young age, he is so strong!”
The crowd all looked at Chen Ping in shock, incredulously!
“How could this be?” Long Jingguo’s brow furrowed as his body, which had originally stood up, slowly sat back down!
Guo Wei and also Zhu Zhishan were equally shocked, and there was no way to express the emotions that the two of them felt at this moment in words.
“Hahahaha, I knew big brother Chen would be fine …………”
Zhao Beng saw that Chen Ping had come out of the deep pit and immediately burst out laughing with excitement.
Bai Xiushan, Zhao Wuji and the others were all excited too!
“Impossible, this is impossible, how come you’re still alive?”
Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping in front of him, his eyes filled with incredulity!
Even if Chen Ping hadn’t died from this punch, then he must have been seriously injured, but looking at Chen Ping now, apart from being in a bit of a mess, he didn’t seem to be injured.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, revealing a sneer, and ignored Long Xiao, instead looking towards that referee, “I’m not dead yet, so what you just announced is bullsh*t, get the hell out of here ……”
Chen Ping’s words caused that referee to instantly look embarra*sed, but for these people from the Martial Dao Alliance, Chen Ping wasn’t going to give them a good look!
Since he had said that he would openly follow the Martial Arts Alliance in their confrontation, Chen Ping did not need to be concerned about any face!
At this moment, Zhu Zhishan in the stands had a cold look on his face, but still waved his hand and let the referee leave.
“You still have a chance for one last move, if that punch just now was your bottom card, then you don’t deserve my hand ……”
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao coldly, his tone full of arrogance!
Long Xiao was simply furious at this moment, the young master of the Long Family, the proud son of the heavens, was now being so humiliated by a kid who was unknown and had appeared from some small place.
“Ahhhhh …………”
Long Xiao roared like a madman, “Rubbish, how dare you bully me like this, go to hell ……”
Long Xiao’s hair stood up at the roots, his body actually erupted a burst of blood-colored mist, followed by slowly raising his hands, as if he was making this kind of sacrifice!
Rumble …………
A sudden burst of thunder came from the sky, followed by rolling dark clouds that directly blocked out the sunlight!
Rumble …………
followed by another blast of thunder, the dark clouds grew denser and denser, and above the black dark clouds, lightning kept streaking across!
“How can this sky change at the drop of a hat?”
Someone looked up at the dark clouds and said in disbelief.
“I didn’t expect that this Long Xiao, at such a young age, had even learnt their Long Family’s Thousand Chance Guide ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a slight frown.