“Block him quickly ……”
Xuan Yuan Yan shouted, while he himself took the opportunity to escape!
But at this moment, the many sons and daughters of the Xuanyuan Family, dead and wounded, were long gone, and there were still a few Martial Sect guards by Xuanyuan Yan’s side, but now that the last of the Xuanyuan Family’s reserve formations couldn’t even help Chen Ping, the rest of them had long since run away.
“Can you run away?”
The Zenglong Sword in Chen Ping’s hand seemed to be infused with the power of thunder and lightning, and on Xuan Yuan Yan’s way to escape, there were constant thunderbolts of heaven rolling down, blocking Xuan Yuan Yan’s path of escape.
“Your Xuanyuan family is no better than that, in the future, there will be no more Xuanyuan family in the Kyoto martial arts world.”
Chen Ping looked at Xuanyuan Yan coldly, his gaze flashing with a strong killing intent.
Xuan Yuan Yan knew that there was no hope for him to escape, and as he looked at the corpses all over the ground and the few people left around him, he knew that the Xuan Yuan family was finished.
He had never imagined that a single Chen Ping, a man he had never even looked at, would destroy two of their clans by himself today.
“Chen Ping, I’m wrong, I know I’m wrong, our Xuan Yuan family is willing to follow your orders and obey your commands from now on!”
Xuan Yuan Yan bowed his head, the head of the Xuan Yuan Family was forced to bow to a young man who was only in his early twenties.
At this moment, what face, what reputation, was not important to Xuan Yuan Yan, what mattered was life, life only comes once, and Xuan Yuan Yan knew that as long as he stayed in the green hills, he would not worry about the firewood.
Only whether Chen Ping would give him the chance to live, that was unknown.
“If I kill you now, I will be able to hold all the power of your Xuanyuan family in my hands as well.”
Chen Ping’s gaze was cold, he would not let Xuan Yuan Yan go.
As Chen Ping’s words fell, the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand was raised high in the air.
Looking at the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, Xuan Yuan Yan’s eyes were filled with fear, but he did not move a muscle, he had completely lost his confidence because he knew that even if he dodged, the result would still be the same.
“Stop ……”
Just as Chen Ping was about to end Xuan Yuan Yan with a single sword strike, a sudden calendar shout was heard.
Immediately afterwards, an incomparably sharp and powerful qi came towards Chen Ping.
The Zeng Long sword in Chen Ping’s hand swung hard, and a sword qi quickly met it.
Boom …………
A violent explosion sounded, and the surrounding area instantly stirred up a sky of smoke and dust.
Chen Ping’s body involuntarily took a few steps backwards, and the hand holding the Dragon Cutting Sword was trembling slightly, with blood spilling out from the tiger’s mouth.
Chen Ping’s face became incomparably grave, the force of that powerful qi just now was beyond Chen Ping’s imagination, the person who could send out such powerful qi must be at least at the peak of Martial Sect.
“What kind of person?”
Chen Ping looked ahead warily.
Slowly, a person came out of the smoke and dust, and when Chen Ping saw the person coming, his face became even more grave.
This person was no other than Guo Wei, who had been severely beaten up by Chen Ping in the ancient tomb.
“Chen Ping, we meet again.”
Guo Wei looked at Chen Ping with an icy face, killing intent flashing in his eyes.
“Councilor Guo, save me, save me ……”
Seeing Guo Wei appear, Xuanyuan Yan immediately shouted in excitement.
With Guo Wei coming, he knew that he was saved.
Xuanyuan Rong was also excited and hurriedly went forward to support Xuanyuan Yan and walked towards Guo Wei.
“Even if the King of Heaven comes, he can’t save you ……”
When Chen Ping saw Xuan Yuan Yan and Xuan Yuan Rong’s brothers trying to hide behind Guo Wei, he immediately slashed out with a fierce sword.
The sword qi cut a furrow in the ground and went directly towards Xuan Yuan Yan.
When Xuan Yuan Yan saw this, he fiercely blocked Xuan Yuan Rong behind him and used his strength to leap up, his body landing next to Guo Wei.
And that Xuan Yuan Rong looked at his big brother in shock, how could he have not thought that Xuan Yuan Yan would give himself up at a time of life and death.