Long Xiao could never have imagined that he had such a layer of relationship following Chen Ping.
But now that Chen Ping was dead, any relationship would be useless.
“The heart method of immortality, what a good thing, I have a way to make her talk ……”
At this moment, the spirit inside Long Xiao spoke up.
“Dad, I have a way to make this aunt of mine open her mouth.”
Long Xiao said to Long Jingguo.
“Really?” After Long Jingguo heard this, his entire person instantly became excited.
He had imprisoned Long Ruotong for over twenty years for this set of Heart Technique, but he still hadn’t been able to get what he wanted.
Now Long Xiao actually had a way.
“Of course it’s true, have you forgotten the technique I’m currently learning?”
Long Xiao said with a faint smile.
“Good then, you should do it quickly ……”
Long Jingguo said with some impatience.
Long Xiao nodded, then looked at Long Xingxu and said, “You go out, no one is allowed to come in without my permission ……”
“As ordered ……”
Long Xingxu bent down and retreated, but just at the moment Long Xingxu bent down, a hint of ruthlessness flashed in his eyes!
Even though his strength was now a world away from Long Xiao long ago, but Long Xingxu was not willing to do so.
Almost all of the resources of the Long Family had been given to Long Xiao, and Long Xingxu had worked diligently to get nothing.
He was never willing to live a mediocre life like this.
After Long Xingxu left, Long Xiao looked at Long Ruitong and his eyes flashed with light.
Immediately after a burst of black mist rose from his body, and immediately afterwards a human figure actually detached itself from Long Xiao’s body!
This was the soul inside Long Xiao, Long Jingguo knew that, so he wasn’t alarmed!
On the contrary, Long Ruotong had never seen such a scene before and looked a little surprised and alarmed!
After the spirit broke away from Long Xiao’s body, it instantly headed towards Long Ruotong, wanting to burrow into Long Ruotong’s mind.
But just as the spirit tried to enter Long Ruotong’s mind, a golden light suddenly flashed out from Long Ruotong’s brow.
This golden light was so radiant that Long Xiao and Long Jingguo could not help but close their eyes.
The spirit, however, cried out in alarm, as if it was frightened, and quickly reentered Long Xiao’s body.
A mouthful of blood gushed out from Long Xiao and his face instantly turned pale!
“Xiao’er ……”
Seeing this, Long Jingguo hurriedly checked with concern.
“Senior, what’s going on?”
Long Xiao asked with a slight frown of confusion.
“This woman actually has Hao Rang Qi inside her, I can’t enter her at all ……”
The spirit’s voice was a little weak as he said.
When Long Xiao heard this, he was a bit speechless, he didn’t understand what level this spirit inside him was, how it was always unreliable!
In Aurora City, he was scared by that Buddha’s light and did not dare to show his head, and now he was injured by a wave of Hao Rang Qi, this was too rubbish to say the least.
Only Long Xiao wouldn’t dare to really say it, after all, he still had to rely on the other party for his cultivation now.
The two of them were now one in glory and one in loss.
“Xiao’er, what is going on?”
Long Jingguo asked as he turned to Long Xiao.
“Dad, this woman has a Hao Rang Qi in her body, there is no way to enter her body and search her memory, it looks like we have to think of another way ……”
Long Xiao followed Long Jingguo and said.
“Hmph, this stinky girl, most too hard, now her son has messed up one of your arms, today I will be on her and take good revenge on you ……”
After Long Jingguo finished, he casually picked up the special leather whip and ruthlessly smacked Long Ruotong’s body.
Long Ruotong did not say a word, did not make a sound, as if the whip was not on his own body.
After Long Jingguo was tired of the beating, he dropped the whip and walked out in anger.
Just after Long Jingguo and Long Xiao walked out of the dungeon, someone from the Long family came to report that Zhu Zhishan from the Martial Arts Alliance had asked Long Jingguo to come over.