The original Saintess Soul was already very weak, and without the protection of her physical body, she would definitely not be able to survive under the suppression of the power of heaven and earth.
“Good!”
Ge Fuhai directly unleashed his spatial magic and led Chen Ping to disappear in an instant!
When the two arrived at the Ge family grounds, they found Ge Cansheng following an old man who was talking about something!
Knowing that Chen Ping had arrived, Ge Cansheng hurriedly got up and went out to greet him, which shocked the old man.
Even he had never been treated like this before!
With a puzzled feeling, that old man also followed him out!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Ge Cansheng hurriedly stepped forward and respectfully shouted after Chen Ping!
“Clan Elder Ge, I have something to see you, so I have taken the liberty to come!”
Chen Ping said.
“What is it that Mr. Chen wants, let’s talk inside!”
Ge Cansheng hurriedly invited Chen Ping inside!
And that old man looked at Ge Cansheng going out to greet a young man and couldn’t help but look surprised!
“Old Ge, who is this man? How dare he make you so respectful?”
That old man asked at Ge Cansheng.
“This is Mr. Chen Ping Chen.” Ge Cansheng finished speaking and said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, this is Jiang Wu Ya, the owner of the Heavenly Law Building.”
“Greetings, House Master Jiang!”
Chen Ping nodded towards Jiang Wu Ya.
Jiang Wu Ya, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping with a shocked face, and then said excitedly, “You are the one who founded the Dragon Sect, followed the Martial Alliance in their confrontation, and killed the Watanabe family of the island?”
Chen Ping was stunned, his face full of astonishment, not understanding how this Jiang Wu Ya, who was in a secret realm, knew all about himself!
“Mr. Chen, this Tian Luo House’s endorsing lineage in the secular realm is the Jiang family, and that Jiang Wei is a member of the Tian Luo House!”
At this moment, Ge Fuhai stepped forward and explained to Chen Ping!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, it dawned on him, and he realized that everything was said by that Jiang Wei.
And it looked like the Ge family had a good relationship with the Heavenly Law Tower, so it was no wonder that Jiang Wei didn’t carry as much hostility as the others when they first met with him!
“What House Master Jiang said is not enough ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Really young and promising, young and promising ah ……”
There was a strong look of envy in Jiang Wu Ya’s eyes!
“House Master Jiang is overly complimentary, I have some matters for Clan Elder Ge, sorry about that!”
Chen Ping said with an apologetic face.
“You guys talk, you guys talk ……”
Jiang Wu Ya had the good sense to walk to the side!
Ge Cansheng, on the other hand, flicked a wave and a sealed space appeared, then turned to Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, what is it that you are in such a hurry to find me?”
Chen Ping directly told Ge Cang Sheng about Ge Yu Han’s disappearance, and even told him about Ge Yu Han being possessed by the Saintess Spirit, after all, it was always wrong to hide this matter from Ge Cang Sheng.
When Ge Cang Sheng heard that Ge Yu Han had disappeared, his heart was immediately anxious, as for being possessed by the Saintess Soul, that was nothing, when Ge Yu Han’s soul returned to its place, the Saintess Soul inside her would just leave!
“Clan Elder Ge, do you have a way to locate Ge Yuhan’s exact location so that I can go save her ……”
Chen Ping came to find Ge Cansheng just to be able to know Ge Yuhan’s location.
Ge Cansheng frowned: “To locate Yu Han’s location is too difficult for us, but if there were master runes, it wouldn’t be difficult, they only need to draw a tracking talisman and sense the other party’s scent, and they can find the person!”
“Only now the Runic Art has long declined, and those who know this art are even fewer, I don’t know where to find a Runic Master!”
Hearing Ge Cansheng’s words, Chen Ping instantly brightened up and said, “Right, I know who can draw tracking charms.”
Chen Ping instantly thought of Hu Puzi, when that Zhu Zhi Shan was tracking Chen Ping, he had Hu Puzi draw the tracking talisman, which made Chen Ping unable to escape that Zhu Zhi Shan’s pursuit no matter how he escaped!