Elder Liu hurriedly led the crowd of disciples from the Zhentian Dharma Sect and strengthened the formation, countless aura vines were growing out!
“Hurry up and report to the Patriarch, there’s a change in the matter, there’s actually a portion of Formation Masters within these pill masters, immediately ask him to bring in reinforcements.”
Elder Liu roared loudly!
The young man beside Elder Liu hurriedly crushed the sound transmission jade slip and delivered the news!
Gu Tianzhao, with the people from the Two Yi Sect, was also desperately manipulating the formation, generating a Spirit Blade and harvesting the aura vines that were trapping people!
However, the aura vines were growing faster and faster, and Gu Tianzhao and the others looked like they couldn’t hold on any longer!
“We can’t just sit and wait, charge out ……”
Granny Zhen shouted and took the lead in rushing towards the mouth of the cabin!
Right now, with the Two Yi Sect’s people on top, they wouldn’t be bound by the aura vines yet, when Gu Tianzhao and the others couldn’t carry on, then all of them would be bound, and they would be prisoners at that time!
“Put up a fight ……”
The many pill masters who weren’t bound all exploded their strongest combat strength, intending to charge out with a bang!
Granny Yan slapped her palm towards that Elder Liu, as long as they rushed out, they would have hope!
If they were trapped inside the cabin, they would easily be bound by the formation!
Seeing this, Elder Liu then snorted coldly and said, “A dying old woman, still wanting to break out of my formation ……”
Elder Liu instantly swung out a spirit light, heading straight for Granny Yan!
Granny Zhen’s strength was simply no match for this Elder Liu, but Granny Zhen wasn’t afraid, even if she died, she had to resist this strike and then rush out!
Otherwise, everyone would be trapped in the cabin!
Just as Granny Zhen was determined to die, a white light suddenly came and shattered Elder Liu’s aura!
Granny Zhen, on the other hand, was sent flying out by the aftermath!
“Zhen Ni …………”
Zhong Qi suddenly appeared and stepped forward to assist Granny Zhen!
And Chen Ping and Chen Wenliang also appeared in the cabin, then coldly said, “I’ve long seen that you guys were up to no good, so you really do have something up your sleeve!”
Seeing that Chen Ping and the others had returned, the pill masters were all excited beyond measure!
Gu Tianzhao was also overjoyed, “Sect Master, they are embracing formations to trap us ……”
Chen Ping glanced at the surrounding formations, and the spiritual vines that kept popping up, the corner of his mouth lifted in disdain, his palm gently waved, and countless divine patterns covered the cabin, and the formations that Elder Liu and the rest of them had laid down collapsed in an instant!
“This …… is a divine pattern?”
Elder Liu was shocked and looked at Chen Ping incredulously, “What …… are you? How do you know about divine patterns?”
“My name is Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Chen Ping? That Chen Ping who was hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings?”
Elder Liu froze!
“Not bad, it is none other than me!”Chen Ping directly admitted!
“Didn’t I say that you had died in the storm, why are you still alive?”
Elder Liu was puzzled, Feng Xing and the others had said that this Chen Ping had died in the storm, and that they had to search for his corpse!
However, the words had just been spoken and instantly closed his mouth, knowing that he had said the wrong thing.
“How do you know that I died in the storm? Was it that Su Tianshuo and the others who told you?”
“Who exactly are you people? And what is the relationship between following Su Tianshuo?”
Chen Ping questioned.
“You don’t need to care what our identities are, since you didn’t die, it’s just as well to kill you together.”
Elder Liu said in a cold voice.
“Even if you don’t say it, I’m able to guess that you guys should be from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, right? The formation that you guys used just now follows Wang Qingshi and the others in the same way.”
Chen Ping had actually just detected when he was breaking the formation that the formation that these people had laid down had a lot of the same things following the formation laid down by the Heaven-Shattering Dharma Sect!
Not to mention the fact that these people were clearly all formation masters, not scattered cultivators gathered together.