On the martial arts arena, Chen Ping was covered in bruises and his face was becoming more and more unsightly!
As the four black bronze robes kept waving out a spell, the wounds on Chen Ping’s body became heavier and heavier!
But in this situation, Chen Ping hadn’t even collapsed, which made the four Black Bronze Robes feel very surprised!
“D*mn it ……”
Looking at the spatial artifact in mid-air, Chen Ping could not help but curse angrily.
“Kid, today you are bound to die, don’t make unnecessary resistance or you will die even more miserably ……”
A black copper robe said in a cold voice.
“Let your f*cking bullsh*t go, you four against one, and you still have the f*cking face to gibber, come if you have the guts ……”
Chen Ping shouted angrily!
“Hmph!”
With a cold snort, several people struck out with another spell, instantly hitting Chen Ping and sending him flying tens of metres away!
Chen Ping’s body was already skinned and bloody, but Chen Ping still managed to stand up with difficulty.
“There is only one way to die if you go against the Martial Alliance ……”
The four black bronze robes slowly raised their palms, and a black and golden light was flickering up.
These rays of light converged together, and a huge force was rippling out.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was frowning, he knew that this was a fatal strike from the four men!
The terrifying power was climbing, carrying an endless force of destruction towards Chen Ping.
The space around him began to twist and distort, the distorted space seeming to tear Chen Ping apart!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as all the divine dragon power in his body exploded out, then formed a solid barrier around him!
Clang!
The black-golden light ruthlessly slammed into Chen Ping’s body, exploding out with a force that caused dense cracks to appear throughout the entire martial arts arena!
The magic weapon in mid-air also began to shake in the midst of this aftershock, seemingly about to falter.
Clap …………
The barrier on Chen Ping’s body shattered, and a wave of power began to hit Chen Ping’s flesh!
“Ahh …………”
Chen Ping let out a hiss, veins bulging out of his body as his strong fleshly body was brought to its extreme.
As the light dispersed, Chen Ping’s body could already be seen to be covered with sensual white bones, his appearance terrifying to the extreme.
When the four black bronze robes saw this, they all fell into a daze. This was their strongest strike, but this Chen Ping had carried it off with his flesh and blood.
It was unbelievable!
Even the crowd outside the martial arts arena were shocked to the point of their jaws dropping when they saw the scene before them.
“This …… is this still f*cking human?”
“Pervert, it’s too perverted ……”
“Four experts from the Martial Alliance couldn’t even kill Chen Ping, this is going to be a disgrace!”
The crowd was talking, all convinced by Chen Ping’s perverted physical body.
At this moment, Ge Fuhai’s face was grave, his eyes slightly narrowed together!
“This Chen Ping, his fleshly body is surprisingly so strong, he is not an ordinary immortal cultivator ……”
Ge Fuhai muttered in a small voice.
“Dad, what are you talking about?”
Ge Jiayi asked.
“Oh, nothing!”
Ge Fuhai hurriedly shook his head.
On the martial arts arena, Chen Ping stared at the four black bronze robes, his eyes filled with killing intent.
Even though Chen Ping was now heavily injured again, he still carried a strong killing intent.
The four Black Bronze Robes all looked at Chen Ping with a chilling look in their eyes!
They were four mid Martial Marquis experts, but they were still unable to kill Chen Ping, and they still had spatial magic weapons to help them, such a formation and strength, even a seventh rank Martial Marquis could not withstand it, but at this moment Chen Ping withstood it.
“Now it’s my turn to do it ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and slowly lifted his fist.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
After a cry, Chen Ping’s body rushed straight towards the four black bronze robes, Chen Ping did not use the slightest bit of spiritual power, but crashed through with the strength of his flesh.