Zuo Tianzheng looked at the appearing Mr Shi and couldn’t help but snort coldly, disdain evident in his eyes!
Because in his eyes, Mr Shi didn’t have the slightest appearance of a high ranking person, and even the aura on his body was so weak that it was almost non-existent!
This kind of person was afraid that any random cultivator would be able to step on his feet!
One must know that when a truly strong person appeared, it was capable of causing the void to tremble, or even the entire void to collapse!
But Mr Shi appeared so gently, as if he appeared out of nowhere, without even a hint of breath fluctuation around him!
Luo Ta looked at Mr Shi, the corner of his mouth lifted up and said, “Are you the strong man behind that Chen Ping?”
Mr Shi ignored him and did not even glance at that Luo Ta!
“The realm has risen again?”
Shi looked towards Chen Ping and said with a slight smile!
Chen Ping nodded, “This time, I have raised two minor realms at the same time ……”
“Too slow, still too slow ……” Shi shook his head!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, then said awkwardly, “The resources I need to raise my realm are ten or even a hundred times that of others, so ……”
The resources required for Chen Ping to raise his realm were too huge, so it was justifiable for his realm to be raised slowly!
“If you can’t find the resources, then go and rob them, do you still want to be a saint?”
Shi asked!
Chen Ping froze, not knowing what to say, he had indeed not thought of robbing other people’s resources during his time in the Celestial Realm!
Many times one was passive, like this Demon Sealing Alliance chasing after him with a hundred years of offerings!
One could completely turn the tables and go around robbing the resources of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
After all, the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance were spread throughout the entire Celestial Realm, so Chen Ping could find those places where the Demon Sealing Alliance was weak!
Xiao Yuanshan and the others listened to Shi’s words, and for a moment, they did not know what to say!
Educating Chen Ping to grab resources, although in an environment like the Celestial Realm where the weak were the strongest and strength was honoured, there was nothing wrong with it!
But it always felt a little bit not so good!
“If you want to snatch resources, you also have to see if you have that strength.”
Luo Ta snorted coldly and unexpectedly swung his fist towards Shi!
Shi’s disregard for him had long enraged this fellow!
Boom!
As this fist was swung out, the heavens and earth instantly dimmed, and a terrifying fist wind enveloped everyone!
Everyone felt a wave of suffocation!
Not only that, underneath that fist wind, even the experts of the Mahayana realm were all bending over, and there were many who directly fell to their knees, their bodies unable to stand up!
This was just a single punch, and this punch made many powerful people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty bow their heads and even kneel down!
This kind of crushing of strength caused all the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to all die instantly!
Chen Ping’s face also changed drastically as his body erupted with endless aura, resisting that fist wind from Luo Ta!
But even with all his strength, Chen Ping still felt that he was being pressed down to the point where he was a little breathless!
At that moment, Shi looked at Chen Ping and gently waved his palm!
As if repelling mosquitoes!
Boom!
Before the crowd could react, that terrifying fist wind unexpectedly disappeared in an instant!
In looking at that Luo Ta, at this moment, he was as motionless as a statue, his body still maintaining the posture of throwing a punch!
“Officiating Luo, Officiating Luo ……”
Seeing this, Zuo Tianzheng shouted twice in panic, but that Luo Ta was still motionless!
Zuo Tianzheng went forward and gently pushed Luo Ta!
Just this gentle push, that Luo Tower’s large body, unexpectedly instantly turned into powder, and then was blown away by a gust of wind!
Luo Ta grey smoke destroyed ……
So everyone looked at this scene in shock, their minds going blank!
Especially the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance, all of them were dumbstruck and their eyes were glaring out!
What’s the situation?
People are gone?
Gone in a puff of smoke?
Just one swing and they’re gone?
Zuo Tianzheng’s body was trembling, the other people from the Demon Sealing Alliance were also trembling, some even wet their trousers!
This was too outrageous!
This Luo Ta, a towering existence in their eyes!
Was exterminated like a fly being chased away?
Xiao Yuanshan also stared in disbelief, “Crap, bull ……”