No wonder this Ning Zhi had brought himself to this alleyway on the side of the Martial Union!
“Let’s go!”
Ning Zhi said, taking the lead and jumping into the dark entrance!
Chen Ping followed closely behind him, and the next thing he knew, he felt a blackness before his eyes, and his entire body seemed to be floating in outer space, but before he could feel it carefully, the next thing he knew, his eyes lit up!
Chen Ping saw that he was in a dungeon, surrounded by doors made of wrist-thick steel, and although it was a dungeon, the air inside was dry.
“We only have three minutes, so hurry up, the cell at the far end is ……”
Ning Zhi barked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded and hurriedly walked towards the innermost cell.
When Chen Ping pa*sed through the cell door and saw Su Yuqi, his entire body instantly became excited.
He only saw Su Yuqi lying on the bed, and the various facilities inside the cell were considered perfect.
“Yu Qi ……”
Chen Ping shouted out excitedly.
Hearing Chen Ping’s voice, Su Yuqi jumped up from the bed with a rub.
When she saw Chen Ping, her entire body also got excited.
“Chen Ping, what are you …… doing here?”
Su Yuqi hurried to the door of the cell, and the two of them were right across the barred door of the cell, holding their hands tightly together!
Seeing that Su Yuqi is in good spirits and does not look like she has been abused, Chen Pingan’s heart is a lot more.
“Yu Qi, are you still well? They didn’t give you a hard time, did they?”
Chen Ping asked with concern.
Su Yuqi shook her head, “They treated me very well, apart from the small vial of blood they would draw from me every day, they didn’t do anything else!”
“How did you get in?”
After saying that, Su Yuqi asked curiously.
“I was brought in by someone else, don’t worry, I will definitely get you out of here, these guys from the Martial Alliance, I will make them pay ……”
Chen Ping said as a thick killing intent began to rise from his body!
“Exposing your breath here, don’t want to die?”
Ning Zhi was startled when he felt the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he hurriedly withdrew the aura he was emitting!
Su Yuqi looked at Ning Zhi and asked to Chen Ping, “Who is he?”
“A friend of mine!”
Chen Ping didn’t follow Su Yuqi and tell the truth, he was afraid that Su Yuqi would worry about himself.
“One minute left, grab a chat ……”
Ning Zhi looked at the time, and then reminded Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, you’re out there by yourself, make sure you take care of yourself, don’t be impulsive, I’m fine here.”
Su Yuqi admonished Chen Ping, she was afraid that Chen Ping would be impulsive and start a conflict in following these guys from the Martial Alliance.
With Chen Ping’s current strength, it was impossible for him to be a match for the Martial Alliance.
“But I can’t watch you being locked up here all the time, I must find a way to get you out!”
Chen Ping said with a concerned look on his face.
“Alright, it’s time, let’s hurry ……”
Ning Zhi said, throwing the Qiankun Circle towards the mid-air, and soon a dark entrance appeared!
“Chen Ping, you must be calm, I won’t be in danger here, don’t worry about it!”
Su Yuqi said as she looked at Chen Ping reluctantly.
Chen Ping was also holding onto Su Yuqi’s hand for dear life, his eyes full of reluctance and self-reproach!
“No, I want to take you with me ……”
Looking at Su Yuqi, Chen Ping suddenly grabbed the two steel bars of the cell door with both hands, the spiritual energy of his body all condensed in his hands, and violently broke them with force.
He wanted to break the steel bars, save Su Yuqi and take her away with him!
However, Chen Ping’s forehead was bruised, but no matter how hard he pushed, the steel bars would not budge!
“Hurry up and go, that steel bar is forged from the refined steel of the East Sea, not to mention you, even a Martial Marquis would not be able to shake it at all.”
Ning Zhi said as he stepped forward and gave Chen Ping a tug.