Ling Zhenchuan returned home, his face had been ugly and miserable!
“Old Ling, what happened? Look at your ugly face!”
Wang Hui saw Ling Zhenchuan’s look and asked with great concern.
“Don’t ask!”Ling Zhenchuan didn’t know how to follow Wang Hui’s explanation, so he waved his hand, “You watch over that brat for me, don’t allow him to take a step out for me, let me know that if he dares to look for that Chen Ping’s trouble, I’ll break his legs!”
After saying that, Ling Zhenchuan went back to his room, lying on the bed Ling Zhenchuan could not calm down for a long time!
Wang Hui froze for a while, then walked towards the upstairs, she had to give a good advice to Ling Feng, otherwise Ling Zhenchuan would really dare to break his legs.
And at this time, Ling Feng, who was in the room upstairs, was holding his mobile phone and making a call!
Having his wrist pinched and broken by Chen Ping, and still daring to come and sue, Ling Feng could not swallow this breath!
“Grand Prince Ling, why did you remember to call me? This is not your style ah ……”
A playful voice came from the other end of the phone!
“Wei Tao, don’t be poor with me, now the two of us should co-operate and be united!”
Ling Feng said with an angry face.
“What do you mean?”Wei Tao asked!
“Su Yuqi even found a man, and he’s also a labour prisoner, it simply pisses me off!”
Ling Feng’s teeth clenched!
“What?”Wei Tao instantly raised his voice: “Su Yuqi found a labour prisoner? Is she sick? She didn’t choose the two of us, but chose a prisoner of labour instead? But in Hongcheng, who else dares to steal your woman? You won’t find someone to kill him!”
“Don’t mention it, that kid has some kung fu, my wrists were broken by him, you also know that my dad’s that old fashioned, he’s now locked me up at home and won’t let me go out to retaliate, but I couldn’t swallow this breath, that’s why I called you!”
Ling Feng explained.
“Hahaha, Duke Ling, we are love rivals, why should I help you ah, back in Hongcheng, how did you bully me based on your status as the mayor’s youngest son?”
Wei Tao laughed out loud!
“Wei Tao, I won’t let you help for nothing, as long as that boy is done, Su Yuqi belongs to you, I will never snatch it from you, in addition to your Wei family wanting to build a branch factory in Hongcheng, I’ll find a way for you to do it!”
Ling Feng’s eyes flashed with a cold aura, this time he must not let Chen Ping go, he could not sleep until this breath was out!
“Really?”Wei Tao was moved!
“Of course it’s true, you can record our call!”
Ling Feng affirmed!
“That’s good, send that kid’s information to me, dare to hit my Wei Tao’s woman’s idea, I’ll make his life worse than death ……”
Wei Tao hung up the phone after he finished speaking viciously!
This Wei Tao is the provincial Wei family’s eldest son, followed by Su Yuqi and Ling Feng are classmates, in the school, both like Su Yuqi, but Su Yuqi can not see these two playboy!
After graduation, Ling Feng relied on the advantage of being in the same city as Su Yuqi, and launched a fierce pursuit of Su Yuqi, that Wei Tao also came to Hongcheng a few times, but the strong dragon can’t be compressed by a snake, were driven away by Ling Feng.
The reason why Ling Feng begged Wei Tao this time is also because Ling Zhenchuan still can’t manage to go to the provincial city, so he won’t pay too much attention to the people coming from the provincial city, if Ling Feng is looking for someone to deal with Chen Ping in the local area of Hongcheng, I’m afraid that not more than half a day Ling Zhenchuan will know about it!
And that Wei Tao after graduation, as a soldier for a few years, hands are also good, deal with Chen Ping should not have a problem!
The phone had just hung up when Wang Hui pushed open the door and walked in!
“Son, does your hand still hurt?”
Wang Hui looked at Ling Feng’s wrapped wrist and asked in pain.
“Don’t need you to care, let me hurt myself to death, I doubt if I’m your biological child, my wrist was broken, and I even gave someone an apology, pissed me off!”
Ling Feng saw Wang Hui and directly twisted his face to the side.