Chen Ping was a little speechless as he listened to Liu Bo’s words, that Piercing Cloud Sect was scrapped by him, Ji Yun also snickered as he listened to Liu Bo’s words.
Chen Ping took a careful look at the map, the route on it was curved and roundabout, obviously the distance was much farther, if one flew straight ahead, it wouldn’t take much longer to reach the East Domain Continent.
“This is too much to spare, even if it is a dirigible flight, it is estimated that it will take three days ……”
Chen Ping said with a frown!
“It doesn’t matter, the islands along the way are inhabited and constructed, we can stop the airship at an island in the middle to rest.”
Liu Bo hurriedly said!
“No need, just fly straight, this way a day is almost enough, going round and round is too much of a waste of time!”
Chen Ping directly waved his hand and said!
“No way, if we go straight, I am afraid that there is a Mahayana realm cultivator in seclusion on one of the islands, and if he makes a move on us then it will be troublesome.”
Liu Bo was directly startled when he saw that Chen Ping wanted to fly straight!
Although Chen Ping was at the seventh level of the Transition Realm, and his strength was not weak, but when facing a Mahayana Realm expert, he was not an ant!
After all, Liu Bo and Zhu Qingyue and the others had never seen Chen Ping’s true strength, and they thought that the Blood and Bone Sect’s destruction was the work of Patriarch Jiang and the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace!
After all, who would have thought that a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm would be able to decimate a second grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm!
“Don’t worry, this airship of ours is fast and won’t be easily discovered, you guys were caught by the Blood and Bone Sect and delayed for such a long time, aren’t you afraid that the people of that Qi Jia Town would have started to make things difficult a long time ago?”
Chen Ping said!
When Liu Bo heard this, he fell silent, they had indeed been captured for quite some time, and they could not contact their home, perhaps the people of the Qi family town would have already fallen out with their Zhu family town by now!
After a moment of contemplation, Liu Bo then nodded his head and said, “Alright, we’ll go straight, but when we encounter danger, you guys don’t care about anything, just run away as fast as you can, I’ll buy you guys some time, you guys just need to send Missy back safely!”
“Uncle Liu ……,” Zhu Qing Yue looked at Uncle Liu full of shame!
She selfishly ran away, but didn’t want to put the entire Zhu Family Town in danger!
And in order to find her, so many people from Zhu Jia Town died, and now Uncle Liu is still defending himself like this!
Zhu Qing Yue was very ashamed inside!
“Don’t worry, it will be fine ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then asked Ji Yun to speed up, rushing straight into the air above the Dead Sea!
The airship was travelling at a rapid pace, while Chen Ping was slightly closing his eyes and resting his mind, but Liu Bo and Zhu Qingyue were extraordinarily tense, staring deathly at the outside of the airship!
Unconsciously, the dirigible flew for more than half a day, everything was very smooth, and didn’t encounter anything that happened!
At this rate, it won’t take more than a few hours to reach the Eastern Continent, and as long as we cross the Dead Sea, it will be much safer!
Liu Bo and Zhu Qingyue also breathed a sigh of relief, their moods were no longer so tense!
But at that moment, the smooth airship suddenly shook, and Chen Ping opened his eyes violently!
“Mr Chen, what’s going on?”
Ji Yun hurriedly asked at Chen Ping!
Before Chen Ping could answer, he realised that the Fire Qilin had actually run out of the storage ring on its own!
The Fire Qilin looked a little excited and kept impacting the blimp trying to get out.
Seeing the Fire Qilin that suddenly appeared, it startled that Liu Bo and Zhu Qing Yue.
“You little fellow, have you gone crazy?”
Chen Ping wanted to put the Fire Qilin back into the storage ring, but that little Fire Qilin was very resistant!
“Mr Chen, this little guy seems to be going out, is there something he has found?”
Ji Yun reminded!
Upon hearing Ji Yun’s reminder, Chen Ping opened the door of the airship, and the Fire Qilin rushed out of the airship, surprisingly rushing towards a small island below!