Song Tianhai nodded, then followed that brother and sister duo out!
“Where’s the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast?”
Song Tianhai asked after walking out of the Ye family!
“Master, listen to me ……”
The woman pulled Song Tian Hai and then walked to a hidden place!
Telling Song Tian Hai what they had suffered in the Spirit Beast Valley one by one, she followed Song Tian Hai!
When he heard that his disciples had actually encountered Chen Ping, Song Tianhai’s expression became very shocked!
Especially since Chen Ping had even released them all back!
“Master, the reason why I lied to you just now was to get you out of the way, if that Elder Chu knew that we didn’t get the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, he would definitely blame us, and we might not be able to get out of here.”
The woman whispered!
“Master, let’s just leave the Demon Sealing Alliance, these guys don’t even see us as human beings.”
The man in black also spoke up at this moment!
“Right, leave the Demon Sealing Alliance, now without the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, we won’t be able to find that Elder Fei’s at all, and then once the three days are over, that Elder Chu will surely go after us. ”
“And that Zuo Xuan is Chu Elder accompanied him, Zuo Xuan died, Chu Elder himself did not dare to report to the alliance master, want to let our Soulless Hall take the blame, that Fei Elder is not really mutiny, who knows!”
The woman followed Song Tian Hai and analysed!
Song Tian Hai frowned slightly, seemingly struggling in his heart!
Without the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, they might not be able to find Elder Fei even for three months, not to mention three days!
What’s more, they don’t know whether Elder Fei is alive or dead, if that Elder Chu deliberately said so, in order to let them take the blame for the Soulless Hall, what could they do?
After thinking about it again and again, Song Tian Hai then nodded his head and said “Alright, inform down, all the disciples of the Soulless Hall will leave Ye City, let’s wait and see what happens!”
The siblings nodded and immediately went to notify!
………………
Blood Spirit Valley!
Luo Shouhai cleaned the entire Blood Spirit Valley after burying the dead disciples!
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder had been following Luo Shouhai around, he was always afraid that Luo Shouhai wouldn’t be able to withstand it and his body would collapse!
After all, this Blood Spirit Valley had existed for thousands of years, and when it was passed on to Luo Shouhai, it was almost directly destroyed, which left Luo Shouhai with no face to face his ancestors!
“Old Luo, as long as you’re still around, the Blood Spirit Valley will be around, don’t be too upset.”
Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man gently patted Luo Shouhai’s shoulder and said!
Luo Shouhai didn’t open his mouth, he had been thinking all this time, what kind of person was it that was ruthless enough to kill their entire Blood Spirit Valley!
“Master, there is someone visiting outside the valley ……”
At this moment, Jin Dong came and said to Luo Shouhai!
“Who is it?”
Luo Shouhai froze!
The Blood Spirit Valley was like this, how could someone still come to visit?
“I don’t know, it’s a middle-aged man who doesn’t look as if his strength is very high!”
Jin Dong replied!
Luo Shouhai got up and walked outside, while the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man followed behind!
When they came to the entrance of the valley, they indeed found a middle-aged man waiting quietly!
Luo Shouhai sized up the other party and realised that the other party was actually a beast race, which made Luo Shouhai very puzzled!
He didn’t understand how this beast race had even come to his place!
Although the three clans didn’t fight and kill each other in this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, their Blood Spirit Valley didn’t have any friendships following the Beast Clan either!
“This fellow Daoist, I wonder what you are doing here?”
Luo Shouhai went forward and asked the middle-aged man very politely!
“Looking for someone ……”
The middle-aged man said very coldly!
“May I ask what person are you looking for?” Luo Shouhai continued to ask.
“I’m looking for Chen Ping, tell him to come out and meet me!”
The middle-aged man’s tone was domineering!
Seeing the middle-aged man’s attitude, Luo Shouhai had a few moments of displeasure!
Jin Dong on the side also frowned “You look quite mad, since you are here to look for someone, you should be polite and courteous, and what kind of person is Mr Chen, is he someone you can see just because you want to see him?”