Chen Ping did not stay in Kyoto too much and followed Zhou Jie straight to the Demon Spirit Sect.
He was afraid that Chen Ping would steal his woman, so in the end, he had no choice but to let Hu Pazi follow.
If Hu Puzi followed, the two of them would be able to take care of some things, after all, Hu Puzi sometimes knows a lot!
The three of them boarded a plane and headed straight for the small border town of South Lake City.
I don’t know if it was Hu Ma Zi’s intention or God’s will, but Hu Ma Zi’s seat was right next to Zhou Jie’s. This made Hu Ma Zi very happy!
Although Zhou Jie’s face did not look good, there was nothing he could do about it!
On the way, Hu Pazzi had his fill of eyes, and his hands were not honest, so Zhou Jie could only stare at Hu Pazzi with her eyes, but there was nothing else she could do.
It is not possible to fight on the plane, right?
Besides, Hu Pazzi was with Chen Ping, and the Demon Spirit Sect wanted to follow Chen Ping’s cooperation, so they couldn’t offend Hu Pazzi either!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had his eyes slightly closed and pretended not to see anything!
Only Pocky Hu’s hara*sment was seen by a young man not far away.
This man had set his eyes on Zhou Jie as soon as he got on the plane, only that when he saw that Zhou Jie was next to a bad old man and was being taken advantage of by the bad old man, the young man’s heart was a little uncomfortable.
“Hey, old thing, let’s change places ……”
The man got up and walked up to Hu Pazzi and said.
Hu Pazzi raised his eyelids slightly, then said in a cold voice, “No change ……”
Then in front of the man, he put his hand on Zhou Jie’s snow-white thigh!
Seeing this scene, an envious expression appeared in the man’s eyes.
“Old thing, I’ll give you 10,000 yuan to change places with me ……”
The man took out 10,000 yuan and dropped it directly onto Pocky Hu’s body.
Hu Puzi didn’t even look at the ten thousand yuan, and once again said in a cold voice: “No change ……”
This time, the man was a little angry, directly up to grab the collar of Hu Pazzi: “Old thing, don’t give face to shame, do you know who I am? I am the young master of the Zheng family of South Lake Zheng Kai, you better give up your seat, or scare the plane, let you eat your way out ……”
Hu Pazzi still did not move, allowing that Zheng Kai to grab his collar, with a faint smile at the corner of his mouth: “Are you greedy? You also want to touch it?”
Zheng Kai was asked by Hu Pazzi like this, directly froze, then full of embarra*sment said: “You …… you nonsense, I was looking at you dishonestly, bullying this girl!”
“Who bullied? I touch my daughter-in-law, still need your control?”
Hu Pazzi had a sneer on his face, one hand still touching on Zhou Jie’s leg.
Zhou Jie’s face was expressionless, not moving a muscle ……
Seeing this scene, Zheng Kai was a little dumbfounded, he never thought that people were actually husband and wife ……
“This gentleman, the plane is dangerous in flight, please return to your seat ……”
At this time, the flight attendant came over and said to that Zheng Kai.
Zheng Kai could only helplessly let go of Hu Ma Zi and turned around with a huff to go back to his seat!
Just as Zheng Kai turned around, Hu Pazzi smoothly took out a talisman from his own pocket and stuck it behind Zheng Kai’s back.
Zheng Kai didn’t even notice and sat down on his butt.
Immediately afterwards, Zheng Kai kept looking at Hu Pazzi with angry eyes, but Hu Pazzi didn’t care at all.
But not long after, Zheng Kai only felt his body itch like a thousand bugs were crawling all over his body!
Zheng Kai’s expression became very painful and he kept scratching everywhere with his hands, but to no avail!
“It’s itching me to death …………”
Zheng Kai couldn’t help himself, he stood up and started to take off his clothes, trying to see if there were bugs on his body!
When the crowd on the plane saw Zheng Kai suddenly start to take off his clothes, they were all talking about it!