Dao Sect, Tavern.
Young Master Ming was still sipping his wine when the Red-Haired Ghost’s figure slowly materialized.
“Young Master Ming, that Chen Ping does have some forces behind him, though only Sun Moon City seems to have any real weight.”
“But it seems there’s also a mysterious powerhouse backing him, said to be incredibly strong, capable of killing someone and then bringing them back to life.”
The Red-Haired Ghost reported!
“Revival?” Young Master Ming’s eyes lit up, “Now that’s interesting, a powerhouse like that could actually get my blood pumping.”
“Young Master, I couldn’t dig up who this person is, not even a name.”
The Red-Haired Ghost added!
“No worries, kill Chen Ping, and his backer will show up on their own, no need for us to go hunting.”
Young Master Ming set down his wine glass and slowly stood up!
“Young Master Ming, no matter who’s behind Chen Ping, you don’t need to lift a finger, just give the word, and I’ll take the Eight Great Yin Cultivators to handle it.”
The Red-Haired Ghost offered!
Young Master Ming turned to him, “Red-Haired Ghost, being cocky isn’t the same as being reckless, you need to fix that flaw, I can be arrogant, but I never underestimate my enemies.”
“You, though, always look down on your opponents, that’s how you get yourself killed, that’s called being a dumbass, not arrogance…”
“Young Master’s lesson is spot on, I never underestimate anyone, it’s just these people don’t deserve to be your opponents!” The Red-Haired Ghost flattered!
“Hahaha…”
Young Master Ming burst out laughing, “You’re right, how many in the whole Celestial Realm are even worthy of facing me?”
Just then, dozens of figures suddenly appeared on Dao Sect’s main street, all brimming with hostility and no small amount of power!
“Pretty cocky…”
Young Master Ming remarked lightly, glancing down at them!
“Daring to act cocky in front of Young Master Ming, they’re tired of living…”
The Red-Haired Ghost vanished in an instant!
He reappeared in the middle of the street, blocking the dozens of newcomers!
“The Four Nether Palaces’ Red-Haired Ghost?”
Among the group, someone muttered under their breath!
*Swish!*
A black mist shot out in a flash, and the muttering cultivator dropped dead on the spot!
“You think you can just call me Red-Haired Ghost?”
“You think you can just call me Red-Haired Ghost?”
The Red-Haired Ghost roared in fury!
“Fellow Daoist, I’m Qian Xiaohan, Sect Leader of the Qian Sect, these are all Triple Alliance folks, how have we offended you?”
Qian Xiaohan stepped forward, speaking with utmost courtesy!
They couldn’t afford to cross the Four Nether Palaces!
“You lot strutted by all cocky-like in front of our Young Master Ming, don’t you know he hates it when others act arrogant?”
The Red-Haired Ghost snapped!
“Young Master Ming…”
Qian Xiaohan jolted, sweat beading on his forehead!
This Young Master Ming was a loose cannon, one wrong move and you’re dead!
“So Young Master Ming’s here, we didn’t know, we’ll go apologise to him right now!”
Qian Xiaohan said!
Then, Qian Xiaohan led the Tang Sect’s Great Elder and the Ling Sect Leader into the tavern to make amends in person!
The Triple Alliance couldn’t afford to mess with the Four Nether Palaces, let alone Young Master Ming.
The trio climbed the stairs, approaching Young Master Ming with deep respect, “Qian Xiaohan, Sect Leader of Qian Sect, along with Tang Sect and Ling Sect, pays respects to Young Master Ming!”
“You Triple Alliance folks are here to get revenge on that Chen Ping?”
Young Master Ming cut straight to the chase!
“Exactly, Chen Ping killed our Qian Sect elder and Tang Sect’s young master Tang Xiaoyi, so we have to settle the score.”
Qian Xiaohan confirmed!
“You can’t kill that Chen Ping, I’ve already called dibs, only I get to take him out!”
Young Master Ming waved a hand, “Go back where you came from!”
“This…”
Qian Xiaohan, along with the Tang and Ling Sect reps, were dumbfounded!
“Young Master Ming, Chen Ping’s gone too far, we want to deal with him ourselves!” Qian Xiaohan pressed!
“You think I’m doing you a favor or something?”
Young Master Ming’s face turned ice-cold!