Old Song was so agitated that he looked like he was about to make a move on Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Gu Mantian hurriedly stepped forward to stop Old Song: “Old Song, Mr. Chen is treating your wife, what are you doing?”
“Don’t worry, your wife has only pa*sed out, she will be fine!”
Chen Ping said, sitting straight down on the bed, one hand on the old woman’s pulse, and immediately afterwards a pure spiritual energy was channeled from Chen Ping’s body into the old woman’s body!
If the old woman was possessed by a ghost, Chen Ping’s spiritual energy would definitely be able to force the ghost out, but unfortunately, no matter how Chen Ping increased the spiritual energy delivery, the old woman did not move at all, there was not the slightest reaction at all!
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed slightly, “Could it be that I am mistaken?”
At first, Chen Ping also thought that the old woman was possessed by an evil ghost, and that he only needed to force the ghost out and then absorb and refine it himself, but now the old woman didn’t seem to be possessed by a ghost!
“Mr. Chen?” Gu Wentian saw that there was no movement for half a day, and that Chen Ping’s face looked a bit off, so he shouted softly!
At this moment, Su Yuqi also stood behind Chen Ping with courage, although she was afraid in her heart, she was still curious to see what the ghost looked like!
But after half a day, there was no movement at all, and the atmosphere inside the room became a little awkward!
Chen Ping slowly withdrew his hand, and his forehead was already vaguely stained with sweat!
He had just used too much spiritual energy, making him feel a little tired!
“She’s not hysterical, I’m checking the rest ……”
Chen Ping finished, picked up the silver needle and gently stabbed it in at the old woman’s wrist, while slowly twisting it!
Soon, the silver needles were almost all pierced into the old woman’s wrist.
A moment later, Chen Ping took the silver needle out, and at that moment, a drop of black blood emerged from the old woman’s wrist!
When they saw that the old woman’s blood was black, everyone was shocked, especially that old Song, who was so nervous that he wanted to speak but was afraid of disturbing Chen Ping.
“Mr. Chen, what’s going on?” Gu Wentian was also a bit baffled, how could a normal person have black blood coming out!
“This is a symptom of poisoning, it seems that because of the poisoning, and the resulting nervous disorder, that’s why he’s going crazy ……”
Chen Ping explained!
“Poisoning?” Gu Lao froze, then looked at Old Song and said, “Old Song, what did your daughter-in-law eat before the onset of the illness, and how did she get poisoned?”
Old Song frowned and thought carefully, then shook his head, “She didn’t eat anything? When I came back from the cemetery, I simply ate a meal, and I ate the meal too, so why wasn’t I poisoned?”
At this moment, Gu Wentian didn’t know how to explain, and could only look at Chen Ping!
“You are recalling well, after your wife went to the cemetery, did she eat anything or drink water, wild fruits, wild gra*ses count, or did she touch anything?”
Chen Ping asked solemnly to Old Song.
“No …… no ah, did not touch anything ……”
Only Old Song’s eyes dodged as he answered, not daring to look directly at Chen Ping.
Seeing that look on Old Song, Chen Ping knew that he must have lied!
Since the other party was unwilling to tell the truth, Chen Ping had no way to continue healing them even if he pitied them!
“In that case, you guys should hire someone else, I can’t see this illness ……”
Chen Ping packed up his silver needles and prepared to leave!
At this moment, Old Song was a bit panicked, and Gu Wentian could also see that that Old Song seemed to be hiding something, so he shouted angrily at Old Song, “Old Song, I asked Mr. Chen to treat your wife, and you still don’t tell the truth, are you planning to let your wife die?”
Old Song looked at his wife on the bed with a difficult face and finally gritted his teeth and said, “We did see an object in the graveyard and then my wife picked it for the family ……”