Even Nie Cheng didn’t know where Ning Zhi’s exact address was!
“No …… don’t know, Ning Zhi was recruited away from above to go cultivate ……”
Nie Cheng explained cautiously.
“I don’t believe I can’t open it ……”
Chen Ping gripped the cell door with both hands in a deadly grip, his body rising with breath as he tried to fight to get it open!
But no matter how hard Chen Ping tried, the cell door was still intact!
“Open the cell door ……”
Chen Ping ordered to the Blood Demon!
The Blood Demon stepped forward and then slammed his fist out!
Boom …………
The whole dungeon almost collapsed as the ground shook, but the cell door didn’t even open! One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
This made Chen Ping very surprised, to know the strength of the blood devil, that was a great devil thousands of years ago, how come he could not even open a cell door now?
Just as the Blood Devil was about to smash down a second punch, Nie Cheng hurriedly said, “We can’t force it open, otherwise the entire dungeon will collapse and none of us will survive.”
Nie Cheng stopped the Blood Demon from forcing open the cell door again.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly spoke, “Stop ……”
Although he followed the Blood Demon’s strong physical body, even if the dungeon collapsed, the two of them would not necessarily be alright, but not Su Yuqi, if the dungeon really collapsed, Su Yuqi would definitely die!
This made Chen Ping furious and angry, he didn’t know what to do!
“You must have a f*cking way, open the cell door for me or die ……”
Chen Ping grabbed Nie Cheng by the neck!
If he couldn’t force open the cell door, then he could only let Nie Cheng think of a way, after all, Nie Cheng was the alliance leader of the Martial Alliance.
Nie Cheng couldn’t move at all with Chen Ping holding him by the neck, so he could only say with a red face, “I really can’t open it, it’s useless even if you kill me.”
Chen Ping did not listen, and the force in his hand grew stronger and stronger.
“Since you want to die, I will make it happen for you.”
Chen Ping’s eyes glowed red.
Nie Cheng was having trouble even breathing at the moment, and his face had turned a saucy purple colour, he was about to die at any moment.
“Chen Ping, it looks like he really doesn’t know ……”
At this moment, Su Yuqi spoke up.
Only then did Chen Ping regain a shred of sanity and put Nie Cheng down!
Nie Cheng kept coughing and breathing heavily, “I really don’t know, I was only temporarily sent to replace that Ning Zhi as the Alliance Master, I don’t have any rights.”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi inside the prison, his heart was as hard as a needle stabbing.
“Chen Ping, don’t be sad or discouraged, I believe there is always a way out, and they won’t kill me, let alone mistreat me.”
Su Yuqi turned to Chen Ping and comforted him!
“En, I will definitely think of a way to break this cell, Yu Qi, you wait patiently.”
Chen Ping said with a determined face.
“I believe in you, now that your strength is so high that you are able to rush inside the dungeon, I believe that the day of our true reunion is not far away.”
Su Yuqi nodded and said.
Chen Ping gripped Su Yuqi’s hand tightly and was unwilling to let go for a long time, but just as this happened, a terrifying aura suddenly began to rise from within the dungeon, as if something terrifying was awakening!
Feeling this terrifying aura, Chen Ping knew he couldn’t stay in the dungeon any longer, so after he finally said goodbye to Su Yuqi, he immediately picked up Nie Cheng and ran out.
Just as he ran out of the dungeon, the dungeon door automatically closed and a wave of fish scale like light flooded around him, seemingly re-covering the dungeon with another layer of formation.
Chen Ping looked at the dungeon that had been re-covered with formations and frowned.
He knew that someone must be behind all this, and also knew that he had entered the dungeon!
“Destroy this Martial Union for me ……”
Since he couldn’t destroy the dungeon, Chen Ping would destroy the Martial Alliance!
The Blood Demon received the order and a terrifying aura began to erupt from his body, followed by a tornado rising up from the ground around him!