But just when the woman was about to kiss Chen Ping, suddenly the woman’s eyes were filled with panic and she pushed Chen Ping away!
At this very moment, Chen Ping also snapped awake, looking at the woman in front of him, feeling a wave of fear!
It seemed like he had been controlled just now!
“Senior, why didn’t you stop me?”Chen Ping was a little angry that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was in his sea of consciousness, but he was even controlled himself and did not remind himself!
“Shit, I shouted at you for half a day, you couldn’t even hear me, you guy, you’re finished when you see a woman, let alone such a beautiful woman.”
“This is your soft spot, I can’t do anything about it ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said angrily!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was filled with embarrassment and said, “Senior, I’m sorry, it might be that I was a bit unable to hold back myself.”
“Luckily that woman pushed you away at the crucial moment, or else you guys would have to be adult fucks.”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping was puzzled, why did this woman seduce herself and still push herself away in the end?
“How did you …… get a dragon bloodline on you, and it is still the most noble golden dragon bloodline.”
The woman looked at Chen Ping in some disbelief and asked!
“I am the son of a golden dragon, isn’t it normal to have a golden dragon bloodline?”
“And who are you, how are you able to know that my bloodline is a Golden Dragon bloodline?”
Chen Ping was very curious!
Even though there were people who could tell that he had a dragon bloodline and knew that he was the son of a dragon, there were not many people who could tell that he was the true body of a golden dragon!
However, this woman had known about his bloodline as soon as she got close to him!
Hearing Chen Ping say so, the woman’s face took on a look of excitement as she hurriedly knelt down for Chen Ping and said, “My daughter is a member of the Green Dragon Clan, Cen Biqing ……”
“You are also of the Dragon Clan?”Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open and he was overjoyed!
He did not expect that the woman in front of him was a Dragon Clan, when he saw the woman, Chen Ping was attracted by the beauty and did not investigate, so he did not know that this Cen Biqing was a Dragon Clan!
Chen Ping exuded a trace of dragon race aura from the dragon crystal on his chest, enveloping it towards that Cen Biqing!
Cen Biqing also emitted a trace of dragon race aura, following Chen Ping’s aura and fusing together!
The fusion of the two breaths, both of which were of the dragon race, were instantly detected by each other!
Just as Chen Ping wanted to withdraw his breath, he suddenly frowned and said, “Where is the strength in you? It seems to have been sealed?”
Chen Ping detected that Cen Biqing’s strength was actually sealed by some sort of power.
“Master, I ……”
“Don’t call me master, my name is Chen Ping, you can directly call me by my name, or you can call me Mr Chen!”
Chen Ping hurriedly waved his hand to stop Cen Biqing from calling out to himself like that!
Although it was true that among the dragon clans, the golden dragon lineage was much more noble than the green dragon lineage, Chen Ping did not want to be called master by that Cen Biqing because of this!
“Mr Chen, my strength was indeed sealed, and then I was trapped inside this tower, which is forbidden.”
Cen Biqing said!
“Who trapped you in the tower? And those rotting corpses on the ground floor, and the corpses on the first floor, did you kill them all?”
Chen Ping asked!
“It wasn’t me, I don’t have the ability to kill anyone at all, I don’t know who it was, after all, I’m not the only one who was suppressed in this tower.”
Cen Biqing explained!
“What? There are others?”Chen Ping had confused, he did not expect that there were other people suppressed within the tower!
“Yes, there are other people, this tower has a total of nine layers, each layer suppresses a person’s.”
“I also don’t know who suppressed us here, all I know now is that on the upper layer, it’s an old guy who has been cultivating for ten thousand years, although we have no way to leave our place, we can communicate.”
“I don’t know much about the rest of the situation anymore, I don’t even know how many years I’ve been locked up now.”
Speaking of this, Cen Biqing’s expression became heavy, that look of resignation made Chen Ping feel pity!