“Mr Chen, this we know, that VIP token is only available to a few major demonic sects of the Heavenly Demon Mountain and the surrounding sects, as long as one has an ordinary token and can enter the Divine Demon Battlefield.”
Cai Hongwei hurriedly said!
It seemed like they had also learnt about the rules and knew the rules of the Divine Demon Battlefield this time!
“Everyone use these few days to get some rest, when we enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, we don’t know what dangers we’ll encounter.”
Chen Ping said to the crowd!
The crowd nodded and then all of them went to rest!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, locked himself inside his room and took out that clock, examining it carefully!
Chen Ping put all kinds of breaths from his body into the clock and found that there was nothing peculiar about the clock!
“Could it be that this clock is really an ordinary object carved from jade?”
Chen Ping looked at the clock in his hand and fell into deep thought!
Because he was sure that he was not blind or hallucinating, the hands on the clock did move at that time!
But now no matter what Chen Ping used, he could not make the hands on the clock move!
For three days in a row, Chen Ping was unable to study the clock thoroughly!
On this day, Jin Dong found Chen Ping and informed him that the passageway for the God-Devil Battle was completely open, and since Chen Ping had a VIP token, he could enter early!
The news had not been released yet, in order to prevent someone from desperately wanting to enter and just barging in!
If there were only one or two people it would be fine, if everyone was going to rush in, it would be impossible to stop them, so blocking the news was the best way!
Chen Ping followed Jin Dong to one of the halls of the Xuan Yin Sect, where more than a dozen people had already gathered, they should all be people who had been given VIP tokens!
Here, Chen Ping met the Xuan Yin Sect’s Patriarch Kong, only to see that this Patriarch Kong was a dry and thin old man with a goatee, his eyes gleaming, he looked very competent, he looked like someone who could do business!
“Gentlemen, now that the Divine Demon Battlefield is open, you are all people who have a Noble Token, so you can enter early, but three days later, the Divine Demon Battlefield will be fully opened.”
“You only have three days in advance, so try to make use of these three days to find treasures, when it’s fully open, you won’t have an advantage.”
“However, let me remind you all that after entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, all the rules will disappear with it, and it will be up to all of you whether or not you can get out of the Divine Demon Battlefield.”
After Patriarch Kong finished speaking, he casually waved his hand, and the roof of the hall unexpectedly slowly opened!
Immediately after that, a cloud of mist was seen in mid-air, as if the entire hall had floated into mid-air!
Patriarch Kong took the lead and leapt up, followed by the others!
The crowd passed through the sea of clouds and saw that the white vortexes around an alien space rift in the sky had become much less, while in front of this rift, there were dozens of people standing, some of these people were demonic cultivators, some were human cultivators, all of them were from the several major demonic sects and clans of the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
All of them were here to guard the place in order to prevent anyone from sneaking in, if they could enter casually, then the rules negotiated between the Xuan Yin Sect and the crowd would be useless!
The crowd stepped on top of the sea of clouds and silently looked at the crack, everyone was more excited inside because they didn’t know what exactly they would encounter after entering the Divine Demon Battlefield!
“Mr Chen ……”
Luo Shouhai brought Luo Xi to Chen Ping’s side.
“Master Luo, who are you Blood Spirit Valley planning to send into the Divine Demon Battlefield ah?”
Chen Ping asked!
In Chen Ping’s opinion, Jin Dong should be the best candidate, after all, Jin Dong was the eldest disciple and his strength was also good!
Or perhaps Luo Shouhai himself would enter, but then he would lose the opportunity to let his disciples exercise!