When Di Chongjing saw this scene, she was so scared that she also hid far away, while Patriarch Jiang frowned, his eyes full of pain!
After all, they were fellow senior brothers, but now they had become like this!
“Go to hell ……”
The eldest senior brother let out a roar, and his body instantly erupted in a burst of black mist!
“Ah …………”
Under this black mist, all the cultivators who came into contact with it all let out painful sounds one after another, and felt their bodies rapidly ageing down, as if they were decaying!
“Dead Qi, this is Dead Qi, everyone quickly retreat ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly shouted loudly and led the crowd to retreat backwards!
This death qi was very powerful, as long as it came into contact with it, it would quickly absorb the vitality of the human body, causing rapid aging and rapid loss of Yang Yuan!
“You guys can’t run away ……”
The eldest senior brother snorted coldly and quickly chased towards Chen Ping and the others!
This Eldest Senior Brother’s speed was very fast, constantly approaching towards the crowd, Patriarch Jiang and the others all had numb scalps as they dodged the ever spreading death aura.
Right now, unless someone used their Yang Yuan vitality to resist this wave of death qi to be able to save them, this kind of death qi would be very difficult to deal with!
“Patriarch Jiang, you all hide away, I’ll meet him ……”
Chen Ping knew that fleeing like this was not a solution at all, he could only resist this wave of death qi himself!
“Chen, you have to be careful ……”
Patriarch Jiang said!
Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Slashing Sword, met the eruption of qi death and charged straight at that Eldest Senior Brother!
That Eldest Senior Brother also looked a little surprised when he saw that Chen Ping, who was just a seventh ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, dared to resist his own Qi Death and even attacked towards him!
“Eldest Senior Brother, this guy is called Chen Ping, he is the one who killed Second Senior Brother, don’t be fooled by his realm, this guy is very strong.”
Di Chongjing was afraid that his eldest senior brother had underestimated Chen Ping’s strength and was caught off guard by Chen Ping, so he loudly reminded him!
“So the second senior brother was killed by him, then I will take revenge for the second senior brother ……”
Eldest Senior Brother had an icy cold face, and along with a low roar, that deathly aura instantly skyrocketed!
In this situation, Chen Ping would suffer from the attack of the death qi no matter how fast he was!
Perhaps before Chen Ping could even reach the front of his eyes, he would make his vitality depleted and his Yang Yuan disappear and die!
Moreover, this death qi was like a maggot on the bone, once it wrapped around the whole body, even if the physical body was strong, it was of no use!
Although he didn’t know why Chen Ping dared to be so bold, this Senior Brother wasn’t afraid at all, because as long as there were people with vital Yang Yuan, the thing they feared the most was death qi, and their own death qi was invincible!
“I’d like to see how long you can last in the death qi ……”
The Eldest Senior Brother said with teasing eyes!
As Chen Ping attacked this Eldest Senior Brother, his entire body’s Unbreakable Golden Body activated and golden scales covered his entire body!
However, even the Unbreakable Golden Body simply could not withstand the erosion of this deathly aura, and the golden scales on his body continued to fall off!
That Eldest Senior Brother even had his hands behind his back, quietly looking at Chen Ping!
In only a few short steps, the Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body slowly disappeared, which was enough to prove the power of this Death Qi!
“Kid, when you reach me, you will only become a puddle of blood ……”
That Eldest Senior Brother said smugly!
Chen Ping had also discovered the power of the death qi, even though his own fleshly body was very strong now, he still could not resist this death qi!
Chen Ping had put his True Fire Dharma Body to use as well, but there was no way to stop it!
“Birth, old age, sickness and death is the Way of Heaven, these death qi are the Way of Heaven, nothing can resist the Way of Heaven.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said slowly!
“Is there no way to deal with this death qi?”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
“Of course there is, if you have enough vitality and Yang Yuan, there is no way for these death qi to deal with you.