“Old Ge, don’t be too anxious, there are other people in that demonic beast secret realm, they can withstand the beast tide for a while if they run into it.”
“Let’s rush to the rescue, there shouldn’t be any problems.”
Jiang Wu Ya persuaded Ge Cang Sheng and said.
“It’s all your fault, it must be that apprentice of yours who brought Mr. Chen in.”
Ge Cansheng huffed and glared at Jiang Wuya!
“It’s useless to blame anyone at this time, let’s just get going!”
Jiang Wuya didn’t follow Ge Cansheng’s argument!
But just as Ge Cansheng and Jiang Wuya were preparing to go to the Demon Beast Secret Realm with their men to rescue Chen Ping and the others, Jin Li Fu arrived with his men in a hurry!
Jin Yuan had also gone to the Demon Beast Secret Realm and had encountered a tide of beasts, which made him very worried!
Seeing Ge Cansheng and Jiang Wu Ya leading their men to leave, Jin Li Fu immediately asked, “What are you doing to go?”
“To rescue people, there’s a beast tide in the Demon Beast Secret Realm, and some of us are trapped inside!”
Jiang Wu Ya said.
“Just in time, let’s join together, my son is also inside ……”
Upon hearing this, Jin Li Fu hurriedly said.
At this point in time, no matter what conflicts the two sides had, they had to put it aside first, saving people was important!
Soon, hundreds of people from the Fire Sect Secret Realm were dispatched and hurriedly headed towards the Demon Beast Secret Realm!
At the same time, Lu Bu Wei of the Thunder Sect Secret Realm also led the people of the Ruined Moon Fortress towards the Demon Beast Secret Realm, as the Lui Factory was also trapped inside!
And at that moment, in the Demon Beast Secret Realm, the battle had already entered a white-hot stage!
The speed of the Flaming Tiger was beyond Chen Ping’s imagination, and Chen Ping could not hurt that Flaming Tiger at all!
On the other hand, Jin Yuan was plagued by numerous flying demon beasts, and the golden dragon that had been transformed by the power of the divine Dragon was using its advantage to constantly tear at those flying demon beasts!
And on the ground, quite a few people had already died in the mouths of the demonic beasts, such was the density of the onslaught that many couldn’t hold on any longer!
A disciple of the Remnant Moon Fort, facing a charging demonic beast, chopped down with his sword, directly cutting off the head of that demonic beast!
But before he could retrieve his blade, another demonic beast rushed up, with a terrifying aura that came straight at his face!
The next thing he knew, there was a roar and the head of that disciple of the Ruined Moon Fort was bitten off by the beast!
This kind of scene was going on and on, as there were simply too many demonic beasts!
Ge Yuhan followed Hou Zhen, fighting to the death as they tried to rescue Chen Ping, but they simply couldn’t spare the time!
Slowly, more and more people were dying, and the defence, which had been able to form a circle and rely on each other, was now showing quite a few gaps, and everyone was becoming precarious!
Chen Ping looked from mid-air to the ground, looking at those who had died horribly, a cold aura flickering in his eyes!
“b*****ds, suffer death ……”
Chen Ping wielded the Dragon Chopper Sword and bellowed angrily as the Golden Dragon, which had been trembling, returned to Chen Ping’s side in an instant after letting out a dragon roar!
Chen Ping now had to kill the Flaming Tiger as soon as possible before he could have a chance to save everyone!
Facing the golden dragon wandering behind Chen Ping, the Flaming Tiger’s eyes were filled with terror as it turned its head and ran deeper into the Demonic Beast Mountain Range!
Chen Ping leapt forward and chased after him. At this moment, the only thing in Chen Ping’s eyes was the Flaming Tiger.
Unknowingly, Chen Ping chased the Flaming Tiger into the hinterland of the Demon Beast Mountain Range!
At this moment, Jin Yuan was alone in the face of these flying demon beasts, and he suddenly became a little panicked.
After such a long battle, Jin Yuan had very little spiritual energy left in his body, and now he could only struggle to hold on!
At this moment, a flying demonic beast with a mouth full of fangs came directly towards Jin Yuan and opened its bloody mouth, ready to swallow him up in one gulp!
Seeing this, Jin Yuan could only curse inwardly, but there was nothing he could do, and then he closed his eyes in despair!