Hundreds of Transitional Succession Realm cultivators were instantly turned into dregs, it was also too scary!
Most of the people on this spirit boat are also Transition Realm cultivators!
If they really encountered a storm, they wouldn’t even be able to run!
It wasn’t easy to cultivate to such a state, if they were blown to death by a storm, wouldn’t it be too unjust!
At this moment, many people regretted following them, they might as well go back to the Western Region!
Chen Ping could also see the worries in the hearts of the people, so he spoke, “You all don’t need to be overly anxious, with the Two Yi Sect, as long as you lay down a defence spell formation around the spirit boat, the storm won’t harm you.”
“Right, with the Daoists from the Two Yi Sect following us, they are all famous art sects in the Central Region, we don’t have to be afraid at all!”
Chen Wenliang also comforted the group!
When the crowd heard this, they felt a lot more at ease, after all, with so many formation masters around, the formation that was jointly laid down must be very sturdy, the storm should not be able to break through it!
As for Su Tianshuo and the others who were continuously escaping at this time, when they saw Chen Ping and the others closely chasing after them, instead of being afraid, their faces showed excitement!
“President Su, these guys really fell for it, only it seems like a few spirit boats didn’t follow them, they should have returned to the Western Region.”
Bao Longxing said!
“It doesn’t matter, as long as that Chen Ping follows us, we’ll be able to get a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance if we use this stormy sea and behead that Chen Ping.”
“With these resources, the others we will be able to annex sooner or later ……”
Su Tianshuo said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised!
“That’s true, except that it’s clear and calm here, where does it look like there are signs of a storm ah?”
“I wonder if what that Feng Xing said is true, don’t be framing us again.”
Pao Long Xing looked up at the clear sky and said!
“Pao family master, what reason would I have to swindle you guys.”
“Didn’t I say that this stormy sea, doesn’t have storms at all times, there needs to be a specific time.”
“If you guys don’t believe me, then you can always turn your course.”
Feng Xing didn’t know when, but he had already occupied himself behind Pao Long Xing!
Pao Longxing was instantly filled with embarrassment!
Su Tianshuo hurriedly spoke up to make peace, “Elder Feng, the Pao family head is also straight-talking, don’t mind it, of course we believe you, or else we wouldn’t have sailed the spirit boat towards here.”
Su Tianshuo knew that it had all come to this point, the only person they could count on was Feng Xing, so this was why he lowered his voice and was very polite!
Seeing this, Pao Long Xing also hurriedly apologised, “Elder Feng, I was tongue-tied and didn’t dare to question Elder Feng, I hope that you’ll be kind enough not to remember.”
If this were to be put aside in normal times, Pao Longxing and Su Tianshuo probably wouldn’t even look at Feng Xing, but now, they could only swallow their anger!
Seeing Su Tianshuo and Pao Longxing treating themselves so politely, Feng Xing was also full of complacency and looked at the sky and said, “Change course, travelling in the southeast direction.”
“It won’t take more than a quarter of an hour, I guess the storm is coming ……”
“Travelling to the southeast ……”
Su Tianshuo hurriedly gave the order!
“Mr Chen, Su Tianshuo and the others have changed direction again.”Seeing this, Nie Heng hurriedly said to Chen Ping!
“Stay close to him ……”
Chen Ping said!
Just as Chen Ping and their spirit boat was tightly going after Su Tianshuo and the others, suddenly the spirit boat shook!
Even the spirit formation that made the spirit boat move forward instantly dissipated after a few bright flashes!
There was no way for the spirit boat to move forward without the spirit formation to catalyse it!
“What’s the situation? What the hell is going on?”
Chen Wenliang and the rest of them also flocked to the bow of the boat in droves!
Everyone was startled, each with a very tense expression!
The originally clear sky began to turn pitch black!
Dark clouds were like rolling waves that descended from the sky and converged together!