“What are you? Why did you appear here?”
Chen Ping looked at the old man in surprise, “Have you been here for hundreds of years?”
Although Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator, he was still shocked to be able to survive for hundreds of years.
“Haha, this Demon Suppressing Tower, was specially made for old me, I was locked up in this Demon Suppressing Tower for hundreds of years, it’s just a pity that what was locked up here was only a remnant of my old soul, or else how could this crap trap me ……”
“Now that you have learned my Holy Light Fist, you can leave here, just so the old man can go out with you!”
The old man laughed.
“This Demon Subduing Tower has a forbidden system, I can’t open the door at all!”
Chen Ping shook his head and said.
“Don’t worry, you only need to use the Holy Light Fist and collect all your own spiritual power to open the gate, remember, you can only use your own body’s power ……”
The old man barked at Chen Ping.
After saying that, the old man slowly disappeared.
“Hey …… hey …………”
Chen Ping still wanted to ask the old man what he meant by saying that he was some kind of son of the dragon, but he found that the old man had disappeared!
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping …… you wake up quickly, wake up quickly, don’t you scare me ……”
At this moment, Gu Ling’er shook Chen Ping so hard that her voice trembled a little!
Chen Ping opened his eyes and found that he was actually lying on the ground, and Gu Ling’er was calling him with a face full of anxiety.
Seeing Chen Ping awake, Gu Ling’er then let out a sigh of relief, “You scared me to death, as soon as you came up, you just punched randomly, and then pa*sed out, and babbled nonsense ……”
Chen Ping slowly got up and frowned as he tried to recall what had just happened.
“Could it be that I was just dreaming?” Chen Ping felt a little incredulous!
“What kind of dream did you have?” Gu Ling’er asked strangely.
“Oh, nothing!” Chen Ping shook his head, “Let’s go!”
“How are we going to get out? That gate is forbidden, it can’t be opened at all!”
Gu Ling’er asked.
“Come with me, let’s try again!” Chen Ping pulled up Gu Ling’er and walked towards the tower.
Meanwhile, Gu Kaiyuan was sitting on the balcony of a villa, gently shaking the red wine in his hand, his eyes looking at the Demon Suppression Tower not far away.
“It’s been three days, I wonder if that Chen Ping guy has died yet!”
Gu Kaiyuan gently took a sip of red wine.
At this time, the butler, Uncle Zhong, came over and whispered to Gu Kaiyuan, “Family head, Duke Ning is already on his way here with his men, as long as we hand Chen Ping over to Duke Ning, this time our Gu Family’s entry into Kyoto is expected ……”
“En, after our Gu Family enters Kyoto, it won’t take long for the Martial Dao Alliance’s alliance leader to be me, by then the entire Martial Dao world will be at my beck and call ……”
Gu Kaiyuan’s eyes were fiery and bursting with endless desire.
He was not willing to be just a king of the northwest, he had tried everything to get their Gu family to fight their way into the capital martial arts world, in order to sit as the alliance leader of the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance!
This guy’s ambition could be described as very big.
“Family head, we have the Demon Suppressing Tower in place, the position of the alliance leader will be yours sooner or later, except that with Duke Ning coming, then we won’t be able to keep the secrets of our Demon Suppressing Tower, what should we do if they pry into our Demon Suppressing Tower then?”
Uncle Zhong reminded.
“Don’t worry, I’m the only one who can use this Demon Subduing Tower, without me, it’s just scrap metal in other people’s hands ……”
Gu Kaiyuan said with a faint smile and confidence.
………………
Inside the Demon Subduing Tower, Chen Ping was leading Gu Ling’er towards the bottom of the tower!
They still didn’t even know that three days had pa*sed outside!
Inside the Demon Subduing Tower, they only felt like a few hours had pa*sed.
As they walked all the way to the exit, looking at the heavy iron door, Chen Ping slowly clenched his fist!