“That’s right, Zhiyuan let’s not drink, our lives are precious, why fight with him ……”
At this time, Li Fengxia also stood up and advised Cui Zhiyuan!
The two of them are really afraid that Cui Zhiyuan will have an accident after a bowl of wine, and that will be a problem!
Cui Zhiyuan’s eyes were slightly red and his head was dizzy as he looked at Chen Ping, but when he saw the provocation in Chen Ping’s eyes, he gritted his teeth and picked up the bowl and drank it down!
After two bowls of wine, Cui Zhiyuan’s face had turned from red to white, and his whole face looked a bit grim!
Seeing Cui Zhiyuan’s appearance, Chen Ping sat back down satisfied that if he continued to drink, Cui Zhiyuan would definitely die from drinking, and his own parents would definitely not let him drink anymore!
“You …… how do you sit down, have the ability to drink again …… drink again ……”
When Cui Zhiyuan saw Chen Ping sitting down, he immediately shouted!
But just as he finished speaking, he suddenly had a surge of blood gas and vomited out with a mouthful of wow, directly spraying that Li Fengxia all over.
“Ah …………”
Li Fengxia shrieked, looking at the filth on her own body, she almost vomited herself!
Seeing this, Sun Fuhai’s brow furrowed and his face looked ugly!
Chen Baoguo glared at Chen Ping, and then hurriedly got up and said, “Fuhai, you guys hurry up and send Zhiyuan home, we’re leaving too, these two kids are really something, what’s the point of screaming!”
Sun Fuhai could only nod his head, there was no way he could stay and talk after all this!
But just as Chen Baoguo wanted to take Chen Ping and leave, Cui Zhiyuan stopped him straight away!
“You can’t leave ……” Cui Zhiyuan’s hazel eyes: “We agreed to go singing, how can we just leave? Are you afraid of spending money?”
“Zhiyuan, you’ve had too much to drink, let’s wait until another day ……”
Sun Fuhai persuaded at Cui Zhiyuan!
“No, I have to go today, I have booked it with everyone in the group, if I don’t go, how humiliating for me ……”
Cui Zhiyuan shook his head, must let Chen Ping to invite singing!
At this, Sun Fuhai looked at Chen Baoguo with some difficulty!
“Dad, you guys go back first, I’ll go and ask them to sing ……”
Chen Ping said to Chen Baoguo.
Chen Baoguo couldn’t say anything at this point, he could only admonish Chen Ping, “Don’t stay up too late, don’t ever drink anymore ……”
Chen Baoguo said, pulling out a pile of money from his pocket, there are zeroes and whole ones, just over three hundred yuan!
“You take this money, I know singing costs a lot of money ……”
Chen Baoguo stuffed the money into Chen Ping’s hand!
Chen Ping wanted to resist, but he knew that with his father’s character, he couldn’t resist, so he simply took the money!
At this time, Sun Fuhai also took out his wallet, took out a thousand yuan and handed it to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, here’s some more for you, just in case you need it, just in case you don’t have enough money!”
“Dad, you usually give me money, not so generous ah ……”
Sun Xiaomeng grabbed the money in Sun Fuhai’s hand and said.
“You child, quickly give the money to Chen Ping ……”
Sun Fuhai said to Sun Xiaomeng!
“I’ll take it, I’ll make up for it when he doesn’t have enough money ……”
Sun Xiaomeng put the money into her pocket!
“Uncle Sun, I have enough money, it’s really not enough, then let Xiaomeng make up for it as well ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile at Sun Fuhai!
Sun Fuhai sighed, that was all he could do!
A group of people walked out of the box, Sun Fuhai was ready to go to settle the bill, Cui Zhiyuan this is staggering to follow: “I have a work card here, you can get 20% discount ……”
Cui Zhiyuan slapped his work card on the front desk, but the cashier lady at the front desk didn’t even look at it!
“Sir, your spending, this hotel has waived the bill, you don’t need to pay ……”
The cashier lady at the front desk politely said to Sun Fuhai!