Coming out from Ji Lianjun’s mansion, Chen Ping found that the two sisters, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling, were actually still waiting for him!
“Mr Chen, it’s alright now, let’s go out for a stroll together?”
After seeing Chen Ping, Ji Meiling hurriedly greeted him and said!
Seeing that Ji Meiling was so enthusiastic, Chen Ping could not refuse, so he nodded his head and said, “Okay!”
Hearing Chen Ping agree, that Ji Meiling’s face revealed a smile!
Walking out of the Ji family, the three of them walked on the bustling street, while Ji Meiling side-stepped and started to set Chen Ping’s various information!
“Mr Chen, that Flame Phoenix girl with you guys, what kind of person is she to you?”
Ji Meiling asked, pretending to be inattentive!
“A friend!” Chen Ping replied!
“Just friends? I see that you two seem to be resting in the same room.”
Ji Meiling looked at Chen Ping and asked after him!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he could only smile faintly and did not answer him!
Chen Ping did not expect that this girl, Ji Meiling, had secretly observed him!
Seeing that Chen Ping didn’t say anything, Ji Meiling asked again “Mr Chen, that Miss Fire Phoenix is your woman, right? How many women do you have?”
Chen Ping froze and looked at Ji Meiling blankly, not understanding how this girl asked this question!
Looking at Chen Ping that way, Ji Meiling said “Mr Chen, you don’t need to be embarrassed, a man of your calibre, what’s the point of having three wives and four concubines, I’ve heard from my big brother that your alchemy is much more powerful than our Yellow Blue City’s Medicine Zun.”
“Even our Yellow Blue City’s Pill Zun has more than a dozen women, you’re so capable, having ten or eight women isn’t much.”
Chen Ping directly froze for a moment when he heard Ji Meiling’s words, because it seemed like he himself hadn’t even counted how many women he actually had!
This entire journey, the number of women around him had continued to increase, and he had unknowingly taken in these women as well!
But no matter what, Chen Ping could never forget Su Yuqi!
Even more so, he would never forget his promise to Su Yuqi that he would give her an unforgettable wedding.
Seeing Chen Ping stayed and seemed to be considering something, Ji Meiling still wanted to ask something, but was interrupted by Ji Meiyan, “Little sister, are you tired of nagging, you are not tired of Mr Chen is also tired of it.”
“It was agreed that I was bringing Mr Chen out for shopping, and not listening to you nagging.”
“Well, I won’t say it, big sister heartache la ……” Ji Meiling heatedly smiled, then ran away!
Ji Meiling did it on purpose, deliberately creating an opportunity for Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan to be alone!
“This dead girl ……” Ji Meiyan glared at Ji Meiling, then looked at Chen Ping and said “Mr Chen, don’t mind ah, my sister is sometimes a chatterbox.”
“It’s okay ……” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“Mr Chen, let’s go to the front and take a look, there are a lot of things for sale up front ……”
Ji Meiyan led Chen Ping to continue walking forward!
But just after taking two steps, they heard Ji Meiling’s shouts!
“Stinking rascal, let go of me, let go of me …………”
Ji Meiling shouted loudly!
Hearing this voice, Chen Ping and Ji Meiling quickly ran towards the front!
Not far in front, a tall youth was grabbing Ji Meiling’s wrist and said with a flirtatious look on his face “Beauty, you bumped into me, don’t apologise to me, do you just want to run?”
The youth’s strength is very big, Ji Meiling simply can not break free, and in the youth’s back, followed by a few people, all laughing!
Many of the surrounding crowds of onlookers were all shocked!
“Who is this stupid big man? He even dared to molest Miss Ji?”
“Looks like he’s from out of town, molesting Miss Ji, he doesn’t want to live.”
“Looking at their size, they look like people from the Giant Savage Palace.”
The crowd discussed, but no one dared to go forward to help!