One must know that this was the peak power of a Martial Marquis, and although it was only a wisp of divine power, it was not something that a Martial Sect could withstand.
Just as the crowd was watching with their eyes wide open.
Suddenly there was a deafening sound.
The bronze cymbal broke straight through a gap, followed by Chen Ping slowly stepping out.
At this moment, a golden light was flashing in front of Chen Ping’s chest.
And all around Chen Ping, a dragon could be faintly seen hovering.
Chen Ping’s body had long since been left intact, scarred and bruised!
“How is this …… possible?”
Ning Zhi looked on in some disbelief.
The others were also shocked and retreated in quick succession.
The power of the peak Martial Marquis could not even kill Chen Ping.
What other means could they people have?
Chen Ping’s eyes were scarlet as he looked at Ning Zhi, even though at this moment, Chen Ping had long been bruised and his breath was depleted, the killing intent on his body had not diminished in the slightest.
“Dragon Crystal, it really is a good thing, to be able to resist the power of a peak Martial Sect.”
“But even though you are still alive, you have long been incapable of resisting, I can kill you with a single finger right now!”
“Gentlemen, there is no need to be afraid, look at him now, what else is there to be afraid of.”
Ning Zhi said to the crowd.
Seeing that Chen Ping was indeed bruised and battered, he looked shaken as if a gust of wind could blow him over.
At this moment, the crowd all regained their confidence and stood behind Ning Zhi.
“This Chen Ping, he’s just the end of his strength, I’ll destroy him!”
At this moment, a family head shouted angrily and headed towards Chen Ping.
This was a chance to make a name for himself, whoever could kill Chen Ping, this would definitely raise his popularity if word got out.
And that was what this family head was thinking.
Chen Ping was now at the end of his rope, and he could be killed with just one slap.
This opportunity, he did not want to let go.
He saw the family head leap up high and slap towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at the man coldly, and suddenly his eyes flashed coldly, and the golden dragon that was faintly visible on his body began to become clear.
Immediately afterwards, a dragon roar rang out!
That golden dragon rose up into the sky.
It directly followed that family head and collided into each other.
There was no violent explosion, nor was there a loud sound.
It was as if that golden dragon had penetrated the body of that World Family Master.
Afterwards, that Family Master fell heavily from mid-air.
Blood spurted out, right down to the five internal organs that ran out.
This World Family Master died a miserable death!
The golden dragon that surrounded Chen Ping’s body also grew fainter and fainter, slowly disappearing.
At this moment, the aura on Chen Ping’s body was shrivelled to the extreme!
The Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand was stuck tightly in the ground, which was able to support Chen Ping to stand.
Although Chen Ping already looked weak, no one dared to step forward to give it a try!
The corpse of that family head was still lying on the ground.
No one was willing to take that risk!
For a while, both sides fell into silence and just stalled.
Ning Zhi looked grimly at Chen Ping, a greedy gaze in his eyes.
Whether it was the Demon Subduing Tower or the Dragon Crystal within Chen Ping’s body, they were both wondrous treasures for the ages.
If he obtained either of them, his strength would soar!
At this moment, although Ning Zhi did not dare to put himself at risk and go forward to test Chen Ping, he immediately thought of someone.
After casually summoning a subordinate, Ning Zhi then whispered a few words in that subordinate’s ear.
The subordinate hurriedly left.
Not long after, the subordinate returned, only to bring someone behind him.
The person brought was none other than Dong Liqun, the head of the Dong family!
When Dong Liqun saw the tragic state of the scene, after seeing Chen Ping’s wretched appearance, his face was filled with surprise.
And when Chen Ping saw Dong Liqun, he also frowned.
Chen Ping still did not know that Dong Liqun had submitted to the Ning Family.