Seeing this, the others clenched their fists at the same time, their terrifyingly powerful qi causing them to glitter.
“Kill ……”
The boss let out an explosive shout as his body abruptly disappeared, and then he arrived above Chen Ping’s head.
Immediately afterwards, a fist enveloped Chen Ping from above and below.
Seeing this, the other three guys all struck out, each attacking Chen Ping from a different direction!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s face turned cold as the golden light on his body emitted a dazzling glow, his Unbreakable Golden Body being brought into play to its fullest extent, followed by a punch that shot up into the sky!
Chen Ping didn’t pay attention to the attacks from other directions, instead he punched towards that boss in mid-air.
He was relying on his Unbreakable Golden Body and his own perverted physical body to resist the strikes of the other three Martial Lords!
The golden light emanating from Chen Ping’s body caused several people to feel an intense crisis.
Boom …………
Several terrifying forces bombarded Chen Ping’s body, and the scales on Chen Ping’s body fell off in a large area!
While Chen Ping gritted his teeth to death, a fist followed that boss against each other.
With a cracking sound of bones, the boss’s body flew out like a kite with a broken string.
When the other men saw this, their faces were shocked and they hurriedly retreated to check the boss’s injuries.
At that moment, under Chen Ping’s punch, 50 per cent of his bones had been shattered and his internal organs were gushing out of his mouth!
Seeing the boss in this state, the other three guys were filled with shock and hurriedly took out a pill and stuffed it into the boss’s mouth, followed by a chanting of words, and a cloud of black mist began to emerge from the palms of several of them.
When Chen Ping saw this, he knew that these guys were using a spell again to make the Boss’s injuries heal quickly.
With a glare at his feet, Chen Ping’s body leapt up, followed by his two fists coming out in unison, waving out two terrifying clouds of fist power that directly enveloped towards the four men.
There was no way Chen Ping was going to stand by and watch them cast their spells, he was going to interrupt the others to save that oldest.
Seeing this, Old Three and Old Four panicked and cast their spells, trying to stop Chen Ping.
Old Two, on the other hand, was grim-faced, gritting his teeth as he healed the Boss’s wounds!
Chen Ping’s eyes were scarlet at the moment, simply ignoring the attacks of Old Three and Old Four as he punched out a constant stream of spiritual energy!
Soon, Old Three and Old Four also spat blood and fell to the ground, the two of them joining forces, they simply could not withstand Chen Ping’s attacks!
“Run, run quickly ……”
Seeing this, the boss panicked and interrupted Lao Er’s healing, yelling at the three men.
The three men took a look at the boss and finally gritted their teeth, turned around and ran, not bothering about the boss’s death.
For they knew that if they stayed, none of the four of them would survive!
“Want to run? It’s not that easy ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as his hands instantly struck a spell.
A pillar of light appeared, instantly forming a fence on the way of several people’s escape, and soon there were more and more pillars of light, compiling into a very large cage, enveloping them all in it.
Several people looked at Chen Ping in horror, their faces full of disbelief, Chen Ping was just a Martial Marquis.
Such a huge spell formation would require considerable spiritual power and qi to maintain.
“Don’t think that you are the only ones who know spells, in my forbidden space, none of you will be able to escape ……”
Chen Ping slowly walked towards a few people, the golden light on his body growing stronger and stronger.
“You guys find a way to escape, I’ll stop him ……”
The boss forced himself to endure his injuries and surprisingly charged directly towards Chen Ping in a mad rush.
Chen Ping looked at the rushing boss, his eyes full of disdain, and kept his golden palm, instantly slapping it on the boss’s head.
When the other three saw this, their eyes widened in anger as they thought their boss’ brains would burst out!
But soon, they found that the horrifying scene did not occur, Chen Ping just pressed one hand on that boss’s head, and his Heart Condensation Skill worked frantically.