-Yue Buqun and Chen Ping followed closely behind them, as the matter had not yet been discussed and Chen Ping had to go over to continue the conversation!
Soon the three of them were back at the Pill Refining Sect!
But the Pill Refining Clan was in a mess, the whole clan smelled like medicine!
“What’s going on here?”
Yue Buqun looked at the wreckage and asked in confusion.
He didn’t say a word, but his body was already filled with a murderous aura!
Chen Ping only took a glance at it, and with a smile on his face, he explained to Yue Buqun in a whisper, “The pottery has exploded ……”
When Yue Buqun heard this, his face was full of disbelief: “The pottery has exploded? Does that mean that the potion has failed?”
Chen Ping nodded his head!
Soon, four or five people from the Pill Refining Sect ran over and knelt down in front of Pao Yukun’s face with a poof!
“Sovereign, the pottery has exploded, and the Pill of Ascension has been destroyed ……”
A man trembled as he spoke to Pao Yukun.
“I have been refining the elixir for three years, and it was about to be successful, so I let you all look at it for a while and ruined it. ……”
The first time I saw you, I was so angry, and my eyes were full of murderous anger: “What’s the use of keeping this bunch of waste, what’s the use of ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to its customers.
This is the first time that a few of the disciples of the Medicine Refining Sect were scared!
“Even if you take care of this potion yourself, this pottery will still explode.”
Chen Ping slowly spoke up at that moment.
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Bao Yu Kun’s hand instantly stopped, and the hurried Pill Refining Sect disciples in front of the noodles were now scared to death!
“What do you mean? Are you questioning my alchemy?”
Pao Yuqun’s eyes narrowed slightly and he said!
“It’s not a question, it’s a fact. You even blew up a pottery furnace, do you still dare to claim that you are invincible?”
Chen Ping smiled and said.
After hearing this, Pao Yukun’s face turned red with anger, “This was an accident, it doesn’t mean I’m not good at it, and this Pill of Ascension is a sixth-order pill, do you understand the meaning of a sixth-order pill?”
“No matter what the pill is, your recipe is not right and the herb ratio is not right, so it’s normal for the pot to explode!”
Chen Ping said with a calm face!
“You’re talking nonsense, I found this recipe from an ancient potion book.”
“Kid, don’t think that just because the pot has exploded, it means that I am not good at refining pills, I am better than you at refining pills with my eyes closed.
I want to show you what a true master of potion making is!
He wanted to compete with Chen Ping to show him how good he was, or else Chen Ping would have ruined the reputation of the Pill Refining Sect if word got out that the Pill Refining Sect’s furnace had exploded!
“Fine, I can compete with you, but what if I win?”
Chen Ping looked at the furious Bao Yukun with a smile on his face.
Chen Ping was deliberately trying to provoke Pao Yukun into proposing a match with him!
In this way, Chen Ping would have the initiative, and he could then use the magic of provocation to make Bao Yu Kun lend himself the Regeneration Spring!
“You can’t beat me, there is no one in the entire martial arts world who can beat me in alchemy ……”
Pao Yu Kun was so confident in himself!
“I said what if, what if I win?”
Chen Ping asked!
“If you win, then you can use the rejuvenating spring as you wish, I will not stop you!”
I will not stop you from using it!” said Bao Yu Kun.
“Good, then we have a deal!” Chen Ping smiled slightly, knowing that the old man had fallen for it, and then asked, “So how do we compete?”
“We will compete to see who can produce the fastest pills, and the potency must be strong, from the moment we choose the herbs, we must do the work ourselves.”
“But it takes too long to make a high-level pill, so how about we make a third-order pill to ward off evil?”
Bao Yu Kun asked. -Ms.!