“Let’s go over and take a look, maybe someone has already discovered the place where the Immortals fell.”
Patriarch Luo looked at the red light in the distance, then said!
The people from the five great clans stopped resting, then quickly headed towards the red light!
At this moment, Qi Peijia was constantly waving out a black mist to fend off Chen Ping’s flaming giant wave!
Chen Ping looked at Qi Peijia’s woeful resistance, and the corner of his mouth curled up in an arc!
Immediately after that, his body leapt up and the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand appeared instantly!
Snap!
Qi Peijia was fending off the flames and without the slightest defence, he was hit by Chen Ping’s whip!
The attack of the Demon Drawing Whip that painfully penetrated the sea of consciousness of the mind caused Qi Peijia to scream miserably and fall to the ground!
He could not be afraid of physical pain, but this Demon Drawing Whip was specifically targeted at demonic cultivators, attacking their divine sense!
That kind of nerve pain could be much more powerful than physical pain!
Looking at Qi Peijia who fell to the ground, Chen Ping’s whip in his hand snapped in the air!
Hearing the ringing sound, Qi Peijia’s body trembled and his heart followed, scared to death!
“Chen Ping, if you have the ability to kill me, what is the point of torturing me like this?”
Qi Peijia knew that now that he was in front of Chen Ping, there was no possibility for him to escape, so he wanted to beg for death with one heart!
Dying would still be painful!
Lan Yingying was also shocked as she watched Chen Ping torture Qi Peijia!
“I can kill you anytime now, only I still want to torture you properly, have you forgotten how you hunted me down in the Divine Demon Battlefield?”
Chen Ping finished speaking, and once again gave a hard whip on that Qi Peijia’s body!
But right at this moment, Chen Ping sensed that someone was approaching, his brows couldn’t help but frown, and his divine sense instantly spread out to probe!
When he realised that it was someone from the five great sects today, he looked a little surprised!
After all, the five great clans were ten thousand miles away from here, so how could they also arrive?
However, the people from the five great sects had come just in time, Chen Ping still wanted to find that Hai Da Fu and the others from the five great sects to save it!
When they were in the five great sects, these guys intercepted Chen Ping and injured Bai Shallow and the girls, this revenge Chen Ping had not yet avenged!
Now it came just in time!
But before taking revenge, Chen Ping decided to wash his hands of the matter of slaughtering the disciples of the five great sects first!
Obviously, it was this Qi Peijia who did it, but in the end, he was falsely accused of it!
Noticing that the people of the five great clans had already arrived, Chen Ping looked at Qi Peijia and asked, “In the Divine Demon Battlefield, it was clearly you who killed the disciples of the five great clans, so why are you trying to frame me? If you tell me the truth, I can give you a pain in the arse!”
Qi Peijia did not know that the people from the five major clans were nearby, so he said “It was all the idea of that Ning family, they changed into your appearance and then deliberately exposed the storage bags of the disciples of the five major clans to make the five major clans hate you, so that they could use the sword to kill you.”
Once Chen Ping heard that it was actually that fellow Ning Zhi’s idea, he was relieved.
After fighting with Ning Zhi for such a long time, this fellow was indeed capable of such things!
Ning Zhi was considered to be the most level-headed enemy Chen Ping had ever encountered, and this guy was ruthless without the slightest scruple!
“Chen Ping, I’m telling you now, give me a break!”
Qi Peijia said to Chen Ping!
He didn’t want to be on the receiving end of that Demon Drawing Whip a few times on his body!
“Don’t worry, someone will give you a pain!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he then looked to the side and said “Since you’re here, come out, you should have heard that the killing of your five major sect disciples had nothing to do with me, it was all done by this guy.”
Qi Peijia froze, and immediately after, he saw hundreds of people clattering out from behind the mountain on one side!
At the forefront were none other than the Patriarchs of the five major clans!
Looking at this scene, Qi Peijia knew that he had been punked by Chen Ping!