There was even less to say about that Burning Heaven Sect Sect Leader, those of them who relied on evil techniques must have grown in strength exceptionally fast!
And just when the Grand Protector was full of complacency, feeling the growing strength within his body, suddenly his body shook slightly and his smile instantly froze on his face!
Immediately afterwards, the Grand Protector was filled with dismay, looking incredulously at Chen Ping who was wrapped by the tentacles, his eyes filled with horror!
“How …… How could this happen?”
Only to see the Grand Protector’s body trembling as the power within his body was draining away at a rapid rate!
The Grand Protector hurriedly controlled those tentacles to get out of Chen Ping’s body, but found that they weren’t listening to his command at all!
“Ah …………”
A flame rose from the palm of the Grand Protector’s hand, and he threw it towards the tentacles instantly!
Boom …………
The flames instantly burst into flames, and those tentacles were instantly blown apart like fireworks!
And just at the moment those tentacles exploded, Chen Ping’s figure flashed, followed by a fist that smashed fiercely on that Great Protector’s body!
Only to see that Grand Protector’s body fly straight out and then fall fiercely to the ground, his entire body being smashed several meters deep into the ground!
“Chen Ping?”
Tong Youcai and Leng Yun all looked at Chen Ping incredulously, their eyes filled with shock!
“Mr. Chen ……” Liu Rui saw that Chen Ping was alright and shouted happily!
At this moment, Chen Ping was in high spirits, standing proudly with his head, where he looked like someone whose strength had been absorbed.
The Great Protector climbed up from the deep pit and looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
“You …… How were you able to draw strength through the Hand of Hell?”
The Grand Protector did not understand how their Burning Heaven Sect’s unique technique could have been learned by Chen Ping.
“That’s nothing, I can do things that you haven’t seen yet!”
“But I’m really thankful for the power you sent, otherwise the battle just now would have really made a lot of power consumed.”
Chen Ping looked at the Grand Protector with a sneer on his face.
The Great Protector’s face couldn’t be more ugly at this moment, he originally wanted to absorb Chen Ping’s strength, but he didn’t want Chen Ping to suck his own power away, fortunately he reacted quickly enough, otherwise he would probably have become a dry corpse by now!
“Chen Ping, don’t be complacent, even if the Hand of Hell can’t deal with you, I still have other ways ……”
The Grand Protector was so angry by Chen Ping’s appearance that he almost didn’t vomit blood, staring at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
“You have other methods, do I not?”
Chen Ping finished, a glint of coldness flashed in his eyes, followed by a stretch of his right hand, and the Dragon Chopper Sword instantly appeared in his hand!
At this moment, the sword aura rose to the sky and shot straight up to the clouds, along with Chen Ping’s promotion to Martial God, the power of the Dragon Cutting Sword had also grown a lot!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping let out a furious cry, and the light on the Zenglong Sword surged, sword qi running through the air.
A terrifying sword qi went straight for that Grand Protector, while that Grand Protector could only retreat one after another, constantly parrying!
The endless sword qi ruthlessly cut down, instantly causing that Grand Protector’s entire body to disappear into the smoke and dust!
When the smoke and dust cleared, the Grand Protector slowly stood up, but at that moment his whole body was scarred, and one of his arms was constantly shaking, with only a bit of flesh attached to it!
Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were filled with shock and looked at the Grand Protector incredulously!
They had to know that they could only count on this Grand Protector to deal with Chen Ping now, but now the Grand Protector himself was injured like this, and one of his arms had almost been cut off, so wouldn’t they be dead?
“An Eighth Grade Martial God, truly extraordinary, to think that he wasn’t cut down ……”
Chen Ping said lightly as he held the Dragon Chopping Sword.
The Grand Protector looked at his broken arm and gritted his teeth, “You are a tiny newly promoted Martial God, how dare you hurt me, I will cut you into pieces ……”