The crowd stared blankly, and no one followed to rush in first, after all, no one knows whether this passageway has completely opened, the first to rush in, although it can occupy the advantage of time, but also face the same risk!
If the channel is not completely open, and is swept by the space-time turbulence, I am afraid that there is no return!
Chen Ping looked at the figure and knew that it was that Qi Peijia, and could not help but have some admiration for him!
When Qi Peijia’s figure arrived in front of the rift, his entire body looked distorted, as if the space-time turbulence still existed!
When the crowd saw this, they were all secretly glad that they weren’t in a hurry to be the first to rush in!
But that Qi Pei Jia’s distorted body didn’t stop, but continued to advance towards the rift, and soon entered the mist channel, and then the figure just disappeared without a trace!
“Miss Luo, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping saw that Qi Peijia had entered and knew that there would be no danger, so he said to Luo Xi!
Luo Xi nodded and then followed Chen Ping as they flew towards the passageway!
The others also leapt up and headed towards the passageway of the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Soon the figures of all the people all disappeared into the passageway, and there were only a few people left on top of the sea of clouds that had just been very lively!
“Master, let’s go back, with Mr Chen taking care of senior sister, it should be fine.”
Jin Dong said to Luo Shouhai who was reluctant to leave!
Luo Shouhai nodded and then followed Jin Dong as he landed from above the sea of clouds into the Xuan Yin Sect!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was leading Luo Xi to step into the midst of the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, which was surprisingly a desert, with a lot of ghastly white bones on the ground, having stayed here for an estimated thousands of years!
These white bones can no longer be distinguished which are immortals which are demons, but looking at the white bones on the ground, it is known that on top of this battlefield, a lot of people have died!
“These white bones are also treasures, we must know that the owners of these white bones are all those human immortals and devil immortals who have risen to the heavenly realm, if we can use these white bones to make weapons, the power is definitely not small!”
Luo Xi looked at the white bones all over the ground, surprisingly, he was not afraid, but excitedly wanted to pick up the white bones to make weapons!
“This ground is full of white bones, if you pick it up, how long do you have to pick it up ah, quickly throw it away.”
Chen Ping told Luo Xi to throw away the white bones.
They entered the Divine Demon Battlefield for more powerful treasures, not to pick up bones!
Seeing this, Luo Xi could only throw away the bones he had picked up!
Chen Ping glanced around, yellow sand filled the sky, not a single silhouette could be seen at all, Chen Ping did not know if the others had been sent to other places or if this Divine Demon Battlefield was divided into multiple spaces!
After all, this foreign space is all artificially created, so if you want to create a few, you can create a few, and if you want to create what kind of environment, it can be what kind of environment!
Chen Ping dispersed his divine sense, wanting to probe the surroundings, but here, the divine sense was even limited, Chen Ping’s divine sense could only probe out a few hundred metres, not as far as his eyes could see!
In that case, wanting to rely on divine sense to explore the treasure was obviously impossible, it would probably depend on luck!
“Miss Luo, I’ll give you a jade slip, the two of us will split up and look for it, whether we find the treasure or not, we’ll end up meeting at a place.”
“This jade slip is for easy communication, you must take it well ……”
Chen Ping knew that time was precious, and it would be a bit too wasteful for the two of them to search for treasures together!
If the two of them acted separately, they would be able to explore the largest area in the shortest amount of time!
And there were no silhouettes around here, so there shouldn’t be any dangers, that’s why Chen Ping proposed so!
“Good!” Luo Xi nodded and after receiving the jade slip, he set off in a direction!
Chen Ping also found a direction and took a step forward!