“Who is this one in white?”
Chen Ping asked.
“This guy is Feng Wuxing of the Mountain Sect’s secret realm Wind Moon Valley, a big horny p*ssy ……”
“This guy is horny but strong, if it wasn’t for picking up girls and promising the other party to lose on purpose, this Feng Wu Heng should be able to enter the Windy Cloud Ranking as well.”
Hou Zhen introduced!
Sure enough, after Hou Zhen finished speaking, that Feng Wu Heng started flirting with Han Qing Er!
“Miss Han, what I suggested just now is something you can consider, if you let me give you a kiss, I can be defeated at your feet right now.”
Feng Wu Heng’s eyes, leering at Han Qing’er!
Han Qing’er’s face turned red, although she didn’t say anything, but the longsword in her hand was even more blazing!
But the difference in strength between the two of them was so great that Han Qing’er could not help Feng Wu Heng!
But the difference in strength between the two was so great that Han Qing’er couldn’t even touch Feng Wuhen!
It seemed that this ring, for him, was not for fighting, but for picking up girls!
“I’ll cut you to death ……”
Han Qing’er was furious, and the long sword in her hand slashed in the air!
However, Feng Wuhen reached out and caught Han Qing’er’s sword with two fingers, no matter how hard Han Qing’er tried, she couldn’t pull it back!
Clang …………
The next bang was a crunching sound, Han Qing’er’s longsword actually broke directly, just as Han Qing’er was dazed, Feng Wuchen grabbed Han Qing’er’s wrist and actually pulled Han Qing’er into his arms directly!
Han Qing’er panicked and struggled desperately, but she couldn’t struggle at all, while Feng Wuzhen looked at Han Qing’er with a lecherous smile on his face, and even put his mouth towards Han Qing’er’s face!
“Yuck, you big pervert, shameless ……”
Han Qing’er spat fiercely on that Feng Wu Heng’s face!
The lecherous smile on Feng Wu Heng’s face instantly disappeared and was replaced by a face full of grimness.
“D*mn it, give your face no shame ……”
After saying that, Feng Wu Heng slapped out his palm, directly slapping Han Qing’er straight out of the ring, falling out fiercely towards the outside of the ring!
Only just as Han Qing’er fell out of the ring, she was caught by someone from the Purple Sky Mansion and didn’t cause much damage!
At that moment, after throwing Han Qing’er out of the ring, Feng Wuxing’s eyes swept downwards, before landing his gaze on Ge Yuhan’s body!
A lecherous smile instantly filled his grim face again.
“Miss Ge, do you want to get on and give me a match? I can give in to you, as long as you let me give you a kiss, I’ll immediately concede defeat and let you win a round!”
“If you let me sleep for one night, I can let everyone in our Mountain Sect Secret Realm, lose to you, what do you think of this deal?”
Feng Wu Heng asked as he turned to Ge Yu Han.
Ge Yu Han’s face turned blue with anger and he angrily went to the stage, but he was pulled back by Chen Ping!
“If you go up there, you’re no match for him, it’s better for me to do it ……”
Chen Ping looked at Feng Wu Heng’s appearance and decided to go up and teach this guy a lesson!
But just as Chen Ping was about to go up to the stage, he saw a human figure flash past, followed by a long jump to the top of the ring!
When Chen Ping looked, he saw that it was Lui Fong!
Lv Factory had originally occupied a ring, and after seeing Han Qing’er being bullied by Feng Wuxian, he ran straight over.
“Feng Wu Heng, don’t be f*cking arrogant, today I’ll castrate you and make you a eunuch ……”
Lv Factory roared at Feng Wu Heng.
“Lv factory, you licking dog, what are you barking at me for? With your three-legged kung fu, how dare you get up on stage and fight me?”
Feng Wuchen looked like he didn’t give a D*mn about Factory Lu!
“Today I will castrate you even if I have to fight for my life ……”
Lv Factory’s face was red as his aura began to climb!
“You’re no match for him, come down ……”
At that moment, a delicate cry rang out, followed by a bright figure appearing on top of the ring again!
Factory Lu wanted to get angry, but when he saw the person coming, he instantly swallowed his words back!