Chen Ping didn’t expect that this fellow Shi Qingpei was so cunning, first lending himself the Heavenly Opportunity Order to return Mr. Shi’s favour, and subsequently looking for trouble with himself!
“Pavilion Master Shi, it was your son who colluded with the Demon Heart Sect and tried to harm us, we were just fighting back, this matter was all caused by your son himself.”
Hu Ma Zi took a step forward and followed Shi Qingpei to explain.
But who knew that Shi Qingpei waved his hand and said, “I don’t care what my son sat on, all I know is that you beat up my son and killed my people, if word gets out, what will happen to the reputation of my Hundred Refinement Pavilion?”
Seeing that this Shi Qingpei would not relent, Chen Ping could only speak, “Pavilion Master Shi, you can tally up the damages and I will pay you.”
“I don’t want money, money to my Hundred Refinements Pavilion is no different from waste paper!”
Shi Qingpei said with a wave of his hand.
“Then what do you want? I have anything on me that you can look at, I can give you ……”
Chen Ping chose to hold back, he only wanted to hurry up and take the Heaven’s Opportunity Order back and get Su Yuqi out!
“That rag on you, I can’t look at it, just kneel down now, apologize to my son, and let my son return those two slaps.”
Shi Qingpei said indifferently.
Seeing that his father was taking it out on him, Shi Yan was in a great mood and looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile on his face, “Chen Ping, don’t quickly kneel down and apologize to me or else you will have to add conditions later.”
“You guys f*cking …………”
When Hu Ma Zi heard this, he was furious and was about to rush up, but he was stopped by Chen Ping!
“Master Hu, I’ll handle this matter myself ……”
Chen Ping finished, then looked coldly at Shi Qingpei: “Do you really want me to kneel down?”
“Of course, I’ve already investigated you and know that Mr. Shi takes good care of you, but don’t think that you can do whatever you want in my Hundred Refinements Pavilion just because of this!”
“I have already given Mr. Shi’s face, other than that even if the King of Heaven came, you would have to kneel down and apologise.”
“This is already the greatest tolerance I can give you for the sake of Mr. Shi’s face!”
“Otherwise you would not have had the chance to stand in front of me and speak long ago.”
Shi Qingpei’s face was cold, his eyes full of indifference, at this moment’s as if he was a judge, sentencing Chen Ping’s life and death.
And Chen Ping himself did not have the slightest choice!
“There are people who can make me kneel, but unfortunately it is not you, because you are not yet worthy ……”
Chen Ping saw that Shi Qingpei looked like he was determined to tear himself apart, so Chen Ping was no longer accustomed to him!
Shi Qingpei’s eyes faintly stared at him as he smiled coldly, “Do you really think that just because you have reached the Martial Saint realm, you can ignore our Hundred Refinement Pavilion?”
“Today, I will let you see the true strength of our Hundred Refinements Pavilion, and when you want to kneel, I won’t even let you kneel.”
When Shi Qingpei finished speaking, he suddenly pulled out that Soul Invoking Bell!
Shi Qingpei knew that if he relied on his strength alone, he would not be a match for that Chen Ping, but he had the Soul Invoking Bell in his hand, so he was not afraid of Chen Ping at all!
“What? You want to use these little bells to defeat me?”
Chen Ping laughed disdainfully when he saw the Soul Invoking Bells Shi Qingpei pulled out.
“Hmph, don’t be complacent Chen Ping, this is an extremely high quality magic weapon Soul Invoking Bell that my father has just refined!”
“Even if you are at the Martial Saint realm, you still can’t escape the summoning of the Soul Recruiting Bell, I will record your appearance of turning into a fool in a moment.”
Shi Yan said with a playful smile.
Shi Qingpei glared angrily at Shi Yan, and almost died of anger in his heart, this foolish son, before he had even made a move, he had even told the other party about the function of the magic weapon in his hand, wasn’t this a clear way to make people prepare in advance?
This is not an obvious way to make people prepare in advance. A magic weapon like the Soul Invoking Bell can attack unexpectedly and will get twice the result with half the effort.
But now Shi Yan had told Chen Ping the function of the Soul Invoking Bell!