“Good …………”
When Jiang Wei and the others saw this, they all started to shout their approval.
They had just been bullied by the Heavenly Thunder Sect, and now they were happy to see a disciple of the Heavenly Thunder Sect being beaten up!
The disciple of the Heavenly Thunder Sect got up with a gloomy face and looked at Liu Rui angrily, “Who are you? Do you know what will happen if you offend our Heavenly Thunder Sect?”
“I am the aunt of your Pure Yang Sect, I am just not used to seeing your Heavenly Thunder Sect bullying others.”
“What the hell ……”
Liu Rui bullying forward, once again against the Tian Lei Sect disciples!
The two of them, Chen Ping and Liu Rui, instantly beat those Tian Lei Sect disciples without any ability to fight back!
“Brother Ginger, this is our chance to take revenge ……”
Hong Qianjiu said and rushed straight up!
This time, hundreds of martial artists swarmed up and directly beat up several disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, each one crying out for burial!
Seeing the disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect being beaten away, Jiang Wei and Hong Qianjiu were all very excited!
“See, as long as we follow Mr. Chen, no one can bully us ……”
Jiang Wei said loudly to the martial artists.
The martial artists had heard of Chen Ping’s name, after all, Chen Ping’s fame was a big deal in the martial arts world.
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping said, and led the way towards the mountain!
After walking for a while, a strong smell of blood came from the ground, followed by the sight of mutilated corpses crushed everywhere!
“Mr. Chen, these people were all killed by the Heavenly Thunder Sect, and were crushed to death with the Qi of the Martial God!”
Ginger Wei stepped forward and spoke to Chen Ping.
Looking at the corpses on the ground, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed.
Before the face of absolute power, humans were even more insignificant than ants, and the mere force of their Qi had crushed so many people to death!
“Third Elder, that’s them ……”
At this moment, the disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect who had just been beaten away came back and brought the elders of the Heavenly Thunder Sect with them!
When the Third Elder of the Heavenly Thunder Sect saw this, his face was furious: “Liu Rui, you are a member of the Pure Yang Sect, yet you have attacked a disciple of my Heavenly Thunder Sect, aren’t you afraid of causing a war between the two sects?”
The Third Elder knew Liu Rui, but not the others!
“This Kunlun Mountain Range does not belong to anyone, yet your Heavenly Thunder Sect has sealed it off, is this not a sign of disregard for our other sects?”
Liu Rui questioned.
“Hmph, what if I don’t take you into consideration? Just by virtue of your Pure Yang Sect, do you dare to be an enemy of my Heavenly Thunder Sect?”
“Besides, you brought these ants up the mountain, they don’t deserve to stay on the mountain at all!”
The Third Elder snorted coldly, in his eyes, apart from these clans in the Hidden Realm, people from other martial arts circles were all just like ants.
The Third Elder’s words Avray irritated those martial artists, and they were all furious, but despite their anger, they did not dare to say anything!
After all, their strength was there, and they were no better than ants in the eyes of others!
“If they are ants, what are you? In my eyes, you are no better than an ant.”
Chen Ping looked at the Third Elder and said in a cold voice.
“What are you talking about, you brat?”
The Third Elder’s face turned cold, and the Martial God’s Qi on his body instantly exploded, causing many martial artists to feel the pressure, each standing unsteadily, their chests churning with blood!
Seeing this, Liu Rui also exploded her own Qi to resist the pressure of the Third Elder, so as to give the martial artists behind her some sort of barrier!
However, Liu Rui’s strength was clearly not as strong as the three elders, and although she tried her best to resist, the aura of the Martial Gods still pressed down on the heads of the group, making them feel uncomfortable. –