“Old Sect Master, now that I’ve told you truthfully, you won’t hit on me, right?”
Chen Ping looked at the old Sect Master who was laughing loudly and asked with a somewhat nervous expression!
“How could I, how could I possibly hit on my own virtuous son-in-law’s idea.”
The old Sect Master laughed!
“A virtuous son-in-law?”Chen Ping froze, then panicked and waved his hand, “Old Sect Master, you mustn’t misunderstand, I really don’t have anything to do with following my senior sister, there’s nothing going on.”
“Alright, don’t explain, I can tell that my daughter is not resistant to you, besides you have looked at my daughter’s body, shouldn’t you be responsible?”
The old sect master said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was directly dumbfounded, he did not understand how the old sect master knew about the fact that he had looked at Zhu Ling naked!
Furthermore, the old Sect Master was locked up here and sometimes crazy, how did he know about what was going on outside.
“Old Sect Master, this is slander, rumour, I have not looked at Senior Sister Zhu Ling’s body.”
Chen Ping could only grit his teeth and deny it, after all, this was not something honourable!
“It’s useless if you don’t admit it, don’t think that just because I’m locked up here, I don’t know anything about the Purple Flame Sect.”
“Although I sometimes have my divine sense controlled and become insane, I’m not stupid.”
The old Sect Master said!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly changed the topic and said, “Old Sect Master, what is going on with this madness symptom of yours? If I can, I might be able to help you heal it.”
“However, I have a premise, if I help the old Sect Master heal, I hope that the old Sect Master will show me the way to the fusion of the Supreme Fire!”
Chen Ping wanted to rely on this condition to follow the old Sect Master in exchange!
After all, the method of the Supreme Fire Fusion, without the entanglement of interests, people do not teach themselves, Chen Ping could not force it!
“You can’t heal it, I’m possessed by a demonic soul, I don’t know how that Huo Yuan Ting got in touch with a demonic cultivator and put a demonic soul inside me.”
“Fortunately my own divine sense is strong enough, this demonic soul is only able to disrupt my divine sense during the day, at night, after there is moonlight, the Qi of the Supreme Fire in my body will take control of the demonic soul and gain a short period of wakefulness.”
“This demonic soul is very powerful, even I can’t completely restrain it, you’re only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, so how could you possibly control the demonic soul or even destroy it.”
The old Sect Master said with a helpless smile!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, after hearing this, smiled confidently and said, “A mere demonic soul, I’m handy, I can beat him up and call him father ……”
Chen Ping had already had a countermeasure in his mind, in fact, as soon as he entered the door, he saw the black aura around the old Sect Master, and the purple aura resisting, he had already guessed the general idea!
It was very likely that Huo Yuan Ting wanted to control the old Sect Master by relying on the Demonic Soul in order to completely control the Purple Flame Sect!
However, the old Sect Master’s divine sense was strong, causing the Demon Soul to become entangled in the old Sect Master’s sea of consciousness and become insane, while sometimes the old Sect Master’s divine sense would prevail and he would become lucid!
Seeing that he couldn’t control the old Sect Master, Huo Yuan Ting then shut the old Sect Master up heavily!
“You’re not very old, but you’re really good at bragging, the demonic soul in my body isn’t a tiny demonic cultivator, it’s a big demon.”
“If it was just a tiny demonic cultivator’s soul, I would have let him be buried in the sea of fire long ago.”
The old Sect Master did not take Chen Ping’s words seriously and assumed that Chen Ping was bragging!
Instead, Chen Ping said, “Old Sect Master, just say yes or no, if I destroy the demonic soul and return your freedom, can you teach me the Supreme Fire Fusion method?”
Chen Ping had a good plan, that old sect master’s sea of consciousness, that demonic soul in the bull, there is still his own sea of consciousness in the Red Cloud Demon Monarch bull?
Chen Ping only needed to introduce that demonic soul into his sea of consciousness, and the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would destroy him in minutes!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch is a great devil of the Nine Heavens of the Heavenly Realm, and these so-called devils of the Celestial Realm can’t even be counted as grandchildren in front of him!