Just after rushing out of the cave, Chen Ping and the others saw that huge Origin Illusion Beast, roaring madly as if it had sensed the presence of danger!
With a wave of Ji Meiyan’s hand, the golden-armoured war wolf charged directly towards that huge Origin Illusion Beast!
Ji Meiyan once again erupted her gold origin, and all of these origin breaths transformed into golden-armoured war wolves that swarmed towards the Origin Illusion Beast!
Although these golden-armoured war wolves were not very large, the huge Origin Illusion Beast seemed to be very afraid of these golden-armoured war wolves, constantly dodging the attacks and retreating back and forth!
And these ferocious golden-armoured war wolves opened their bloody mouths and just tore madly at that Origin Illusionary Beast!
That Origin Illusionary Beast was bitten and wailed, its body was better skinned, and a large amount of golden origin drifted away, this time that Origin Illusionary Beast’s wounds, however, were not recovering!
The strength of that Origin Illusion Beast was getting weaker and weaker, seeing this scene, Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan all laughed!
It seemed that that stone was really the key to defeating this huge Origin Illusion Beast!
While Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan were watching the golden-armoured war wolves follow the Origin Illusion Beast in battle, Qin Jingyu, who was embedded within the mountain, was currently expanding his body!
The stones around him began to crack and eventually shattered, which allowed Qin Jingyu to escape from within the mountain!
Looking at the dying Origin Illusionary Beast, Qin Jingyu knew that his chance had come, if he could kill this Origin Illusionary Beast at this time, then it was very likely that he would be able to perceive the Dao Origin!
Excitement flickered in Qin Jingyu’s eyes as the stone hammer in his hand continued to rotate, and he violently leapt up and swung towards the head of that Origin Illusion Beast!
Neither Ji Meiyan nor Chen Ping had noticed that Qin Jingyu had actually escaped from within the mountain and had also struck at that Origin Illusionary Beast!
Boom …………
Accompanied by a thunderous roar, that huge Origin Illusionary Beast collapsed under Qin Jingyu’s stone hammer, followed by its body slowly dissipating and turning into countless Origin Breaths!
Under this Origin Breath, Qin Jingyu only felt his sea of consciousness clear up for a while, followed by a strand of a different breath being generated within his body!
Qin Jingyu knew that he had sensed the Origin Breath, he had sensed ……
“Hahahaha, I’ve sensed it, I’ve sensed the Origin Breath …………”
Qin Jingyu laughed like crazy, not to mention how excited he was!
Ji Meiyan looked at that Qin Jingyu, her eyes flashed with killing intent, now that she had also sensed the Origin Breath, her strength had increased quite a bit, so she planned to have those Golden Armoured War Wolves kill that Qin Jingyu!
Chen Ping could see Ji Meiyan’s meaning, then he shook his head and said “Now put the experience still on absorbing the origin breath, like such a rich origin breath, I’m afraid that there won’t be any more in the future, seize the time to absorb it!”
Ji Meiyan heard this, then nodded and began to absorb the gold origin breath, after all, the gold origin breath is now very dense within the entire mountain pass, it’s like picking it up for nothing!
Waiting to get out of this ancestral land, in wanting to replenish the Gold Origin was afraid to be very difficult, so now could not waste a single moment of time!
Chen Ping didn’t hesitate and began to desperately absorb the Origin Breath, in addition to the Gold Origin Breath, Chen Ping would also absorb the other Origin Breaths that he had already perceived!
It was just that time did not allow it, if it did, Chen Ping would love to stay here for a longer period of time, and then use the Wind Fixing Bead to try to sense the Wind Origin, then he could also absorb the Wind Origin Breath here!
Hearing the huge commotion, Ji Yue, as well as Ji Yun, they ran over one after another, those small Origin Phantom Beasts had all been killed by them.
Ji Yun and Ji Meiling saw the two of them, Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan, as if they were in a state of tranquillity, and wondered what had happened!
“Big sister, big sister …………”
Ji Meiling shouted twice with some concern, but that Ji Meiyan did not respond at all!
“Second sister, I see that big sister and Chen look like they’re running their gong methods and absorbing the Origin Breath ……”
Ji Yun said after taking a look!