“A great gift? What is Mr Shi going to give to that Chen Ping?”
Xing Jun asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“Hahahaha, this Duda, isn’t that the big gift I’m giving him?”
Mr. Shi laughed twice, then got up, “Follow me to release that Chen Ping, I guess he’s going to be suffocating ……”
Mr. Shi followed Xing Jun to that courtyard, at this moment Chen Ping was locked inside a room, he had exhausted all his options, he simply could not escape, so he resigned himself to his fate.
Every day he meditated on his knees and cultivated, but unfortunately the spiritual energy was minimal and did little to improve Chen Ping’s strength!
Just when Chen Ping’s eyes were tightly closed and he was immersed in his cultivation, the door of the room was suddenly opened and a ray of blinding sunlight shone in.
Chen Ping snapped open his eyes and found that the confinement inside the room had disappeared, and Chen Ping scurried out of the room with a long leap.
When he saw Mr Shi, he burst into flames.
He had been locked up in the room for days for no reason at all, which made Chen Ping furious!
“What do you mean? Why are you locking me up? Why?”
Chen Ping questioned loudly at Mr. Shi.
Mr. Shi, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping indifferently: “If I didn’t lock you up, you would have been a corpse by now, you are not a god, you are even less able to raise the dead …………”
“With this ability of yours now, you can’t save your girlfriend at all, and you still dare to break into the Martial Alliance ……”
“Then Zhu Zhi Shan has been defeated, why can’t you save my girlfriend?” Chen Ping had a puzzled look on his face.
Zhu Zhishan was the Martial Dao Alliance’s Alliance Master, and although there were many people in the Martial Dao Alliance, there were probably not many people who were even stronger than Zhu Zhishan.
“Humph, that Zhu Zhishan is just a pawn in the Wudao Alliance, he can be replaced at any time as the alliance leader, do you think that if you defeat Zhu Zhishan, you can go in and out of the Wudao Alliance freely? That’s a dream ……”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, he slapped a palm towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was startled, followed by a fierce outburst of spiritual energy, then blasted out a fist to resist!
Boom ……
After a loud sound, Chen Ping’s body instantly flew out more than ten meters and smashed heavily against the wall!
And in looking at Shi, he stood breezily, as if he had never moved his hand before.
“If I were to kill you, it would only be a matter of breathing, do you still think you are invincible now?”
Mr. Shi asked coldly.
Chen Ping slowly climbed up and stared closely at Mr. Shi, then said, “If you are so powerful, why don’t you go and destroy the Martial Dao Alliance?”
“Don’t you know that the Wudao Alliance is now full of evil cultivators? That Zhu Zhi Shan is an evil cultivator, as an enforcer of the Martial Dao world, shouldn’t you remove the evil for the people? Shouldn’t you free my girlfriend? ”
Chen Ping questioned loudly at Shi, he wanted to know what Shi was waiting for and why he did not take action against the Martial Dao Alliance.
Xing Jun, who was at the side, saw Chen Ping questioning Mr. Shi with this attitude, his face instantly turned white with fear and he hurriedly shot a glance towards Chen Ping.
But Chen Ping acted as if he did not see it, staring at Mr. Shi with a deadly stare, he wanted Mr. Shi to answer himself.
If Mr. Shi was so powerful, why were evil cultivators still rampant in the Kyoto martial arts world ……
Mr. Shi did not speak, and after giving Chen Ping a glance, he turned around and walked out the door, “When it’s your turn to know, you will naturally know.”
“Zhu Zhi Shan has found someone to kill you, here is the information, this person is even a gift from me, I believe he will be very useful to you.”
Mr. Shi did not turn around, but casually threw a piece of information to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping opened the information, wanting to see what kind of person that Zhu Zhi Shan had found to kill himself, and also what Mr. Shi’s words meant, why was this person useful to him?
When Chen Ping opened the information and took a look, he immediately had a brilliant light in his eyes.