White Chicory couldn’t help but reenter the thatched hut, and was filled with astonishment when she saw the translucent Divine Ripple suspended in front of Chen Ping!
Moreover, in the centre of Chen Ping’s palm, a palm-sized divine tattoo, crystal clear, was covered with thousands of lines!
Light was emanating from each of the lines, and from Chen Ping’s palm, a stream of fresh blood was entering that divine pattern that was visible to the naked eye!
The lines began to be filled with blood and turned a bright red colour!
This was the characteristic of divine pattern fusion, Chen Ping’s body followed the divine pattern and fused!
“Senior brother, you’re too good, you condensed apart from the divine lines so quickly, now you can try to use your divine lines to break open the formations around this thatched hut.”
“As long as the formation is broken, you will be free!”
White Chicory said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded and slowly walked outwards, then prepared to use the divine lines to break the formation!
However, Chen Ping tried several times, but was unsuccessful!
“Senior Brother Bai, how come I have no way to control this divine pattern?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!
“Can’t control it? How could that be, this is a divine pattern that you have condensed, and it has obviously become one with you, how could it not be able to be controlled?”
“According to the fact that this divine pattern has become a part of your body, there shouldn’t be such a situation ah?”
White Chicory was also very surprised, not understanding what was going on!
“Senior White Brother, could it be that you don’t know what’s going on either? Otherwise, why don’t you go and invite your master to come and see what’s going on?”
Chen Ping was a little depressed, it was so hard to condense the divine lines, but he couldn’t even control it himself!
“Let me help you see what’s going on first!”
White Chicory approached towards Chen Ping!
However, just after taking two steps, he immediately stopped and said with a somewhat grave expression, “Why is there something odd here?”
After saying that, White Chicory slapped both of his palms blankly towards the ground, followed by a burst of black light erupting from beneath the ground!
Boom!
Almost instantly, White Chicory’s body was directly blasted away!
And Chen Ping’s head also buzzed, followed by the entire person following the connection of the array pattern instantly becoming tight!
The surrounding formation patterns appeared in Chen Ping’s mind in an instant, and with just a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, the original formation around that thatched hut was broken!
“Senior Brother Bai, are you alright? What was going on around just now?”
Chen Ping rushed over and helped Bai Chicory up and said!
“It’s alright, it’s the Formation Demon’s people who messed up, these guys do this all the time.”
Bai Chicory shook her head and said!
“Formation Demon?”Chen Ping froze!
White Chicory, on the other hand, realised that he had spoken out of turn and immediately shut up!
“Senior Brother Bai, what is a Formation Demon? Is that pair of crimson eyes every night the people you call Formation Devils?”
Chen Ping asked to Bai Chicory!
Seeing that Chen Ping already knew, Bai Chicory nodded his head and said, “Since you already know, there’s no harm in telling you, and also now you’ve condensed in addition to the formation pattern.”
“That Formation Fiend is a great fiend, following his master, he is very knowledgeable about the art of formations, and his fiendish patterns are also very powerful.”
“He followed the master’s skills are not similar, the two people who are not convinced, but that array devil is also looking for in the art of formation has the talent of people, want to teach their own magic pattern.”
“This time, seeing that you have good talent, that Formation Demon is probably trying to take you as his disciple as well, but now that you have already condensed the Divine Patterns, it’s impossible for you to be condensing the Demonic Patterns.”
White Chicory’s words shocked Chen Ping, he did not expect that there was still a Formation Demon existing in the Celestial Realm!
However, those Wind Demons, Blood Demons, Yin Demons, and Inferno Demons were all from the Celestial Realm after the Divine and Demonic Wars, and had either had their physical bodies destroyed, their remnant souls sealed, or they had gone into hiding!