“Long Xiao, I’ll fight with you to avenge the Chen Ping brothers ……”
Suddenly, Dong Jiahao, who was continuously rolling on the ground, violently rose up and directly rushed his entire body towards Long Xiao.
And Dong Jiahao’s body actually began to bulge, the aura on his body was climbing up.
“sh*t, this kid is going to explode himself ……”
Long Xiao’s face was shocked as his body hurriedly retreated!
In this confined palace, even though Dong Jiahao was only a Martial Sect, to explode himself, the power would be enormous.
Zhu Zhishan snapped back and his face turned ugly when he saw that this fellow Dong Jiahao had gone crazy and was going to explode himself!
“Quick, control him ……”
Zhu Zhishan knew that in a place like this, if Dong Jiahao really blew himself up, even if they didn’t die, they were afraid that they would be seriously injured.
Xu Song led the men in a leap, and Zhu Zhishan followed along.
Several white rays of light appeared and instantly turned into chains, directly binding Dong Jiahao.
At the same time, Zhu Zhishan pointed his finger at Dong Jiahao’s Hui Zhong acupoint, and Dong Jiahao’s bulging body instantly shrank back like a deflated ball!
When Long Xiao saw the danger lifted, his face shook with rage, “You still want to f*cking blow yourself up and take us all away, now I’ll take you on ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, he slapped his palm at Dong Jiahao’s head.
Just in the nick of time, Ge Jiayi, who had never said anything, suddenly struck out!
A palm slapped on top of Long Xiao’s palm wind, and both of them took several steps backwards at the same time!
“Ge Jiayi, what are you trying to do? Why are you blocking me?”
Long Xiao looked at Ge Jiayi with great dissatisfaction and asked in an angry voice.
“Long Xiao, how can you say that Dong Jiahao is also a son of a major sect family in the Kyoto martial arts world, it’s not quite appropriate for you to kill him just like that, is it?”
Ge Jiayi said slowly.
“What’s inappropriate, the trial is inherently dangerous, can’t the trial only kill the sons of those bottom clan families?”
Long Xiao snorted coldly.
“Miss Ge, this trial was originally held by the Long Family, if you want to get something, it’s better to leave it alone ……”
At this moment, Zhu Zhishan spoke up.
Ge Jiayi frowned slightly, “Master Zhu, as the Martial Alliance’s Alliance Master, you wouldn’t be unable to see what technique that Long Xiao used, right? How many people died at Long Xiao’s hands when they were on the shore, having their strength sucked out by him, you wouldn’t be unable to see that either, would you?”
“Could it be that you just let this happen and want the entire Kyoto martial arts community to become evil cultivators?”
Zhu Zhishan’s face instantly turned ugly when he was questioned by Ge Jiayi like this!
At this moment, there were already quite a few people who, after filling up their beast pills, had followed them into the palace, wanting to see what treasures were inside!
When they came across Ge Jiayi following Zhu Zhishan in the confrontation, the others all looked a little surprised!
Especially when Ge Jiayi had just said that Long Xiao had absorbed the strength of others, it was even more shocking!
Because Long Xiao had done it very stealthily, no one had noticed, plus they were all killing demon beasts and fighting for beast pills, so no one would notice Long Xiao even more.
Now Ge Jiayi actually said that many people were killed by Long Xiao just to draw strength, which made these people who participated in the trial, start to panic a little in their hearts.
“Ge Jiayi, what nonsense are you talking about, when did I suck the strength of others? Don’t spout blood, this trial was held by our Long Family, look at how many treasures there are in this ancient ruin?”
“Those countless beast pills outside, do you know how much they are worth? These are all dedicated by my Long Family, and you still dare to slander me like that ……”
Long Xiao’s words made many people all choose to believe him.
After all, this trial land was also the territory of the Long Family, so many beast pills in this ancient ruin, if the Long Family got their hands on them themselves, this was a heavenly fortune, and it could also breed a lot of experts for the Long Family!