Moreover, the sound of metal clashing just now must have been the reason for the fight between his own Zenglong Sword and the other spirit swords in the Land of Sword Graves.
Thinking of this, Chen Ping decided that after he rescued Anna, he would go to the land of the sword mound and take a look!
Putting away the Dragon Cutting Sword, Chen Ping let Andrew lead the way, and the group continued forward down the path and began to march!
Soon, Chen Ping and his group reached a wide area, where they saw a lot of lights and people in black walking around.
But no one paid any attention to Chen Ping and the others!
In the middle of the place, an altar made of crystals was shining brightly, and in the middle pillar of the altar, Anna was tied there!
Right above this altar, there was also a round hole that looked right into the sky, and it was late at night, and the faint moonlight shone in through that hole, shining right on Anna’s body.
“Princess Anna is up there ……”
Andrew said to Chen Ping.
At this moment, when Chen Ping saw the bound Anna, a strong killing intent instantly rose up from his body!
This killing intent instantly enveloped the entire relic!
The Second Priest also sensed the intrusion and immediately brought his men over in a hurry!
When the Second Priest saw Andrew barging in with his men, and with Omar still following behind, his anger instantly burned up.
“Andrew, how dare you bring people in, don’t you want your wife and children to live?”
The second priest yelled at Andrew.
Andrew didn’t say anything, he could only silently lower his head.
Seeing that Andrew did not say anything, the Second Priest looked at Omar: “Omar, I told you to keep them out, how did they get in?”
“Second Priest, I couldn’t have stopped them with my strength ……”
Omar said truthfully.
“Hmph, I think you did that on purpose, didn’t you? A blind man and you still can’t deal with it?”
In the eyes of the Second Priest, only that High Priest was the strongest, but he wasn’t even a match for Omar!
As for Chen Ping and the others, the Second Priestess didn’t give them a second thought!
“You traitor, how dare you set up a private altar and try to release demons, today I will clear the door for the Burning Heaven Divine Sect ……”
The High Priest said, as his aura began to rise, and the bronze bell in his hand was shaking continuously!
The Second Priest, on the other hand, laughed coldly and said, “You blind man, and you still look like killing me, you are simply dreaming ……”
With that, the Second Priest drew out a long sword, and between the flashes of the sword light, countless sword rays went towards the High Priest!
The High Priestess did not dodge or evade, desperately shaking the bronze bell, a sound wave followed the sword mane and collided together!
Soon a roar erupted within the ruins!
The two forces collided and then spread out in all directions!
The High Priestess was shaken by the collision, then took a few steps back and a mouthful of fresh blood gushed out of her throat!
The High Priest had been under siege outside and was injured himself, so when he followed this Second Priest, he was at a disadvantage!
“Hmph, so unbearable, I think it’s time for you, the High Priest, to step aside, since you have barged in today, let your blood be a sacrifice to the devil that came out of the world ……”
The second priest had a cold smile on his face, then waved his hand and said, “Surround them all, keep an eye on them, none of them are allowed to run away ……”
Dozens of men in black instantly surrounded Chen Ping and the rest of them, but no one made a move!
And that second priest also put his attention to the altar, looking up, only to see that in that round hole, could clearly see the moon in the sky now.
The whole altar began to flicker under the soft moonlight, a light weaving around it as if it was charging it up!
“It’s time ……”
A brilliant look flashed in the Second Priest’s eyes as he quickly ran towards the altar!
“Stop him, we can’t let him succeed, otherwise the demon will come out and everyone will die ……”
The High Priest hissed, he hoped that Chen Ping and the others could stop the Second Priest!