But this little Heaven Swallowing Beast was different, if this little guy was willing to help, just this little thunderbolt was swallowed by it!
At that time, when the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder encountered the Demonic Tribulation Cloud, it was directly swallowed into his stomach by this little guy!
This little Heaven Swallowing Beast was a demonic beast of the Heavenly Realm, possessing strength that was beyond the reach of a cultivator like the Celestial Realm!
Not to mention that Patriarch Jiang was making a small realm breakthrough, so the lightning tribulation wouldn’t be as ferocious as it would be for a large realm breakthrough!
For this little Heaven Swallowing Beast, this kind of thunder tribulation would be like light rain!
Only Chen Ping was not sure if this little guy was willing to help or not, Chen Ping could not control it, it totally depended on his mood!
The reason why Chen Ping inspired the power of the divine dragon and input it into Patriarch Jiang was also to be able to exude the aura of a divine dragon when the thunder tribulation blasted down!
Knowing that the dragon was the lord of all beasts in the heavenly realm, this little Heaven Swallowing Beast might have helped when it sensed the divine dragon’s aura!
When Chen Ping had helped the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, he had also used the power of the Divine Dragon, but Chen Ping wasn’t sure if this little guy had helped because of the power of the Divine Dragon!
There was nothing to do but to try now!
“Mr Cheng, regardless of the fact that old man Nongfu escaped this fate today, you are a benefactor of my Soul Demon Sect.”
“Yulian, Zheng Jian listen carefully, even if my master dies, you have to treat Mr Cheng as a guest on your seat, without a hint of neglect or resentment.”
Patriarch Jiang explained!
He was afraid that if he died in the lightning tribulation, the many disciples of the Soul Demon Sect would complain about Chen Ping.
“Master, disciples are honoured to follow the teachings!”
Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian fell to their knees and said!
“Patriarch Jiang, don’t be so pessimistic, start breaking through!”
Chen Ping said to Patriarch Jiang!
Patriarch Jiang nodded, then a sudden aura rose up from his body, the aura of a breakthrough realm!
Along with the rising of this aura, instantaneous thunderbolt clouds began to coalesce in the sky!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then slightly closed his eyes, causing himself to be in a state of complete meditation, and a steady stream of Divine Dragon Power was still entering Patriarch Jiang’s body!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, a thunder tribulation rumbled down, the thunder tribulation travelling through the clouds, very terrifying!
The first thunder tribulation struck Patriarch Jiang’s body!
Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian knelt on the ground, tense!
With the thunderbolt hitting the Jiang Patriarch, the Jiang Patriarch didn’t move a muscle, but it was obvious that the breath in his body had weakened a lot, along with the breath being weakened, the Yang Yuan was losing even more at a rapid rate, while the dead qi in his body continued to grow up!
Patriarch Jiang’s breathing began to become rapid, and his body once again aged a lot!
The current Patriarch Jiang was as if he was a corpse, only breathing weakly and hanging on to a mouthful of Yang Yuan!
Although this first lightning tribulation did not cause Patriarch Jiang to go up in smoke, it also directly caused Patriarch Jiang to seem as if he had died!
Even with Chen Ping’s divine dragon power, Patriarch Jiang’s fragile body would simply not be able to resist the complete lightning tribulation!
Seeing this scene, both Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian panicked!
If another Thunder Tribulation came down now, their Master would 100% go up in smoke!
As for Chen Ping, his brows were also furrowed, and then he stared tightly at that little Heaven Swallowing Beast!
However, that little fellow was still sleeping soundly and did not move at all!
Chen Ping became a little anxious!
“Little cub, you wake up ah, help ah ……”
Chen Ping cried out in his heart, hoping that the little Heaven Swallowing Beast would wake up and help out!
He could help Patriarch Jiang to barely resist the first thunderbolt, but he was not capable of resisting the second one!
Chen Ping was not injecting divine dragon power into Patriarch Jiang’s body, under the thunder tribulation just now, that divine dragon power had also dissipated!
Below Chen Ping could only gamble, gamble on whether or not this little Heaven Swallowing Beast would be able to wake up and eat the thunder tribulation!
Rumble …………
Instantly, in the thunder tribulation cloud, a red light flashed, followed by another thunder tribulation splitting down!