“Mr Chen, let’s go too no, this Divine Demon Battlefield is estimated to be closed for a few more days.”
Luo Shouhai intended to take Chen Ping back to the Blood Spirit Valley first!
Chen Ping nodded and prepared to follow Luo Shouhai to leave!
“Wait ……”
At this time that Cheng Jing would walk over, then glanced at Chen Ping and said “Can you see my disciple in that Divine Demon Battlefield?”
Cheng Jinghui knew that Liu Xueyi was following Qi Peijia, so by all rights, he should be fine!
But now that Chen Ping had come out, it made Cheng Jinghui’s heart bottomless!
According to the fact that Qi Peijia Transition Realm Eighth Grade Cultivator, if he wanted to kill Chen Ping, it should be very easy ah!
“Senior brother, what do you want to do?” Luo Shouhai frowned slightly and looked coldly at Cheng Jinghui!
“Senior brother, I’m just asking about my disciple’s situation, can’t I do the same?”
Cheng Jinghui said with a cold smile!
Luo Shouhai was about to say something when Chen Ping spoke “You don’t need to wait, your disciple is already dead ……”
“What?”
Cheng Jinghui froze, he had never thought that his disciple would die!
After all, Liu Xueyi had followed Qi Peijia, how could he die?
“You’re lying, my disciple won’t die.”
Cheng Jing would not believe it at all!
“Forget it if you don’t believe me, just ask that Qi Peijia when the time comes.”
Chen Ping snorted coldly!
Looking at Chen Ping in that manner, Cheng Jing would instantly become furious!
“Kid, you are too crazy ……”
Only to see Cheng Jinghui’s palm explode and blast down towards Chen Ping!
The power of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm erupted, and the palm print almost covered hundreds of metres, making it impossible for Chen Ping to avoid it!
At this moment, even the void around Chen Ping was sealed by Cheng Jinghui’s terrifying aura, leaving Chen Ping with no place to escape!
Everyone looked at Cheng Jinghui in shock, no one knew why Cheng Jinghui would suddenly go berserk!
“How dare you, in front of me, you also dare to strike at Mr Chen ……”>
Luo Shouhai was also furious, his body instantly erupted with ten thousand golden lights, as if a blazing sun was in the sky!
Immediately followed by an explosive shout, a palm slapped out, a wave of breath rushed out, as if a torrential river, unstoppable!
This heavenly strike went towards Cheng Jinghui, and then followed Cheng Jinghui’s palm to collide together.
Boom …………
After a loud bang, both palm imprints were all instantly shattered!
Luo Shouhai’s eyes were cold as he grabbed towards that Cheng Jinghui!
The entire heaven and earth shook as a palm print that covered the sky appeared and grabbed towards Cheng Jinghui!
Cheng Jinghui’s pupils shrank, he did not expect that his senior brother, for the sake of Chen Ping, would lay a cruel hand on himself!
Although the two did not get along, they had never torn their faces apart in public, and even more so, they had never dealt a harsh hand to him!
But this time, Luo Shouhai was clearly going to slap that Cheng Jinghui to death!
Seeing this, Cheng Jinghui also slapped out several palms in succession to defuse this claw!
“Senior brother, are you really going to kill me?”
Cheng Jinghui asked incredulously!
“Hmph, you dare to make a move against Mr Chen, death is not enough ……”
Saying that, Luo Shouhai unexpectedly wanted to make a move!
“Master Luo Valley, in front of so many people, but you master and brother duo make a move, obviously violating the rules, it’s not too good, right?”
Patriarch Kong of the Xuan Yin Sect appeared, looking at Luo Shouhai with great dissatisfaction!
And behind Patriarch Kong, there were several other people, all of these people had a strong aura, obviously also from the clans near the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and this rule was made by all of them together!
In the beginning, Luo Shouhai and Cheng Jinghui, being the demonic sects in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, also participated in it!
But now the two of them were blatantly going against the rules!
“It was that Cheng Jinghui who made the first move, if I don’t make a move, wouldn’t I be watching him kill?”
Luo Shouhai said with great dissatisfaction!
Of course Patriarch Kong knew that it was Cheng Jinghui who made the first move, so he looked at Cheng Jinghui and said “Patriarch Cheng, you are also an elder, how can you break the rules and openly make a move?”