Liu Ruyan as well as Gao Qilan and the girls looked at Chen Ping with some grudges!
The fire phoenix could follow, but they couldn’t, no one was happy in their hearts, but they also knew that they were not strong enough right now, and following Chen Ping would only lick the burden on Chen Ping!
At this moment, especially Gao Qilan, who had come a long way from the far north to follow her, now she was going to follow Chen Ping and separate again!
Most of all, several of their women, all of them had served Chen Ping, and all of them had had a good time, only she hadn’t been blessed by Chen Ping yet!
This made Gao Qilan always feel like she was inferior to others!
Looking at Gao Qilan’s appearance, Fire Phoenix seemed to understand something, so she came to Chen Ping’s front and whispered a few times!
After Chen Ping heard this, he looked at Gao Qilan and realised that Gao Qilan’s eyes were full of desire!
“Alright, all get ready, we’ll set off in a moment.”
Chen Ping waved his hand and said!
“Mr Chen, take care of yourself then, the nearest teleportation array is a few thousand miles away from here, you can teleport from there to the Middle Domain Continent, and then teleport from the Middle Domain Continent to the South Domain Continent.”
“Although there is a teleportation array, this teleportation array isn’t open daily, so whether or not you can catch the opening of the teleportation array will depend on luck.”
Yi He said to Chen Ping!
“En, I know, make sure you keep the Jade Tripod Sect safe.”
Chen Ping said to Yi He!
The Jade Tripod Sect had now become a gathering place for Chen Ping’s women, he could not let anything happen to the Jade Tripod Sect!
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, when I go back, I will send a large army to station around the Jade Tripod Sect, and now that the Ming Li King City is also occupied by us, the Jade Tripod Sect will be safe between the two cities.”
Yi He assured very seriously!
Soon, the crowd walked out one after another, and while Gao Qilan was heading out, the fire phoenix mischievously stopped Gao Qilan!
“Sister Qilan, don’t go out, the master seems to have something to say to you.”
After stopping Gao Qilan, Fire Phoenix walked out!
Gao Qilan was still in a daze when she was suddenly picked up by Chen Ping and then walked towards the room inside!
A few moments later, the inside of the room was filled with spring and a burst of pleasant sounds!
Fire Phoenix was eavesdropping outside and couldn’t help but laugh!
Gradually there were no more sounds inside the room, and when the door opened, Gao Qilan walked out in some distress!
“Sister Qilan, how do you feel?”
Fire Phoenix went forward and asked playfully!
Gao Qilan blushed and quickly ran away, only the running posture was a bit strange!
Chen Ping saw that Fire Phoenix was actually eavesdropping outside and couldn’t help but glare at him, “Are you all ready?”
“Ready, Ji Yun’s dirigible has also started, just waiting for you to finish, let’s set off ……”
Fire Phoenix said with a smile!
“Go.” Chen Ping waved his hand!
When Chen Ping and the others boarded the blimp, everyone from the Jade Tripod Sect walked out to see them off!
Especially Liu Ruyan, Gao Qilan and Yu Jiameng, although there was reluctance in their eyes, there was nothing they could do about it!
The dirigible slowly began to lift off, and all the people of the Jade Tripod Sect waved goodbye!
They didn’t know how long it would take for Chen Ping to come back once he left!
They also didn’t know how long it would be before they could meet again. Right now, all Liu Ruyan and the girls could do was to cultivate desperately and improve their strength as soon as possible!
Only then would they be able to become Chen Ping’s helpers instead of a burden!
The airship slowly flew towards the distance, until the airship was gone, Gao Qilan and the girls were still unwilling to leave, quietly looking at the sky!
“Fire Phoenix, how often does this teleportation array open?”
Chen Ping looked at the sky outside the window and asked Fire Phoenix!
“I’m not sure, this teleportation array opens, there is no fixed time for all of them, because every time the teleportation array opens, it needs to consume a large amount of resources, and if the number of people using the teleportation array is relatively small, then one needs to wait for a time when there are enough people to open it.”
“But this time, there is a Divine Demon Battlefield appearing in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, so it is estimated that there are quite a lot of people going to the Heavenly Demon Mountain, so the time for this teleportation array to open will be very short.”
Fire Phoenix explained!
Chen Ping nodded after hearing this and did not speak, instead he looked at the scenery outside the window and began to stare!