“The proud Dragon Clan really does not bow down, it’s only been a few thousand years, when did even the Sons of Dragons become so weak?”
The Blood Demon looked at Chen Ping with a few moments of doubt in his eyes!
“You’re saying that I’m a Dragon?” Chen Ping hurriedly asked when he saw the Blood Demon say so.
Chen Ping had some excitement in his heart at this moment, maybe he would be able to know his identity from the Blood Demon’s mouth, or even who his father was!
But the Blood Devil shook his head, “You are not a Dragon yet, how could a true Dragon have a weakness like yours.”
“But the Holy Light Fist you just used is good, that is the old devil’s masterpiece, how did you learn this authentic Holy Light Fist?”
The Blood Demon asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
“Old Devil?” Chen Ping didn’t know about any old devil, he had only learnt this Holy Light Fist inside the Devil Subduing Tower, when there was a wisp of an old man’s soul that had finally left!
Only that Chen Ping did not know the identity of this old man, and even less did he know that he was some kind of old devil!
Chen Ping told the Blood Demon after him about learning the Holy Light Fist, and to his surprise, that Blood Demon laughed out loud!
“Hahahaha, this old fellow, a remnant of his soul being suppressed within a tower, is even worse than me ……”
The Blood Devil was laughing, but one could see out that he and the old man should have a good relationship!
“Since you saved the old devil, and the old devil pa*sed on the Holy Light Fist to you, that proves that you are his disciple, now that I have been reborn, you can make a request and I will repay you for the old devil.”
The Blood Demon said to Chen Ping.
And at that moment, the Blood Demon had long since collected the aura from his body, and the crowd no longer felt the pressure and got up!
With these words from the Blood Demon, Chen Ping was instantly unprepared and didn’t know what to ask for!
If Chen Ping suddenly made a condition that the Blood Demon would kill them all, wouldn’t they not even be left with scraps of bones?
“Lord Blood Devil, this son is a great enemy of my demon race, you must not do so ……”
The devil amba*sador hurriedly spoke out to stop the blood devil!
“What are you?”
Blood Devil asked.
“I am a disciple of the Demon Heart Clan.” The devil amba*sador said in a hurry.
“The Demon Heart Sect?” The Blood Demon frowned!
“We are a branch of the Heavenly Demon Sect.”
The Devil Envoy knew that the Blood Demon must not know about the Demon Heart Sect, so he hurriedly explained.
“Hmph, the Heavenly Demon Sect is nothing, a branch of yours, and you dare to call yourselves the Demon ……”
The Blood Demon snorted coldly, but ignored the Demon Envoy, instead turning to Chen Ping, “Young man, have you thought about what you want?”
“Lord Blood Devil, you can’t ……”
The Devil Envoy still tried to persuade, but was met with a sharp turn of the Blood Devil’s head and a glance over!
With that one look, the devil amba*sador was like a kite with a broken string, flying straight backwards and hitting a boulder fiercely!
The boulder shattered, while the Demon Amba*sador let out a painful wail!
“Lord Demon Amba*sador ……”
Ning Zhi ran over with the four black and gold robes, only to see that the devil amba*sador’s body was by now as rotten as mud, such heavy injuries, if it were an ordinary person, he would have died long ago!
“Blood …… Blood Demon ……”
The devil used his finger to point at the blood devil, as if he wanted to say something, but before he could say anything, he simply fainted!
When the crowd saw this scene, they all couldn’t help but suck in a cold breath!
They knew that just now, the Eighteen Luohan had not even been able to do anything to the Demon Envoy, but this Blood Demon, with a single look, had turned the Demon Envoy into such a state!
“That’s it, still calling yourself a devil race, simply disgraceful to my devil race ……”
The Blood Demon snorted coldly, then stretched out a hand and grabbed towards the air!
The four black and gold robes all trembled, followed by four black shadows detaching from the bodies of the four black and gold robes!
The four black shadows simply fled in four directions in a hurry!
These were the spirits within the four black and gold robes, and these spirits were all from the Demon Heart Sect as well!