Soon, the scene was in chaos, the demonic beasts followed by Leng Wu Dao and others all mixed up in the battle, these demonic beasts were fierce and fierce, not afraid of death at all!
Yue Buqun looked at the scene in front of him, and then looked at Chen Ping, his throat rolling, “Mr. Chen, are these demonic beasts really your little brothers?”
“Of course, otherwise how could they listen to me ……”
Chen Ping finished his speech and stood on high looking at the miserable situation in front of him, then waved his hand towards Leng Wu Dao “You guys take your time and fight, I’m leaving ……”
“Little beast, you can’t leave ……”
Leng Wu Dao was furious, and after fiercely slapping a fierce beast away, he leapt towards Chen Ping!
He could not let Chen Ping escape, if Chen Ping escaped, it would be difficult to find him!
But just as Leng Wu Dao leapt up, a huge figure suddenly appeared, and the giant lion opened its bloody mouth and pounced directly on Leng Wu Dao!
Leng Wu Dao could only fight the lion, he couldn’t stop Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping took Yue Buqun and the others and quickly disappeared!
After Chen Ping’s departure, all the demonic beasts scattered like birds and beasts, accompanied by a roar from the giant lion!
The scene was littered with corpses, from the three sects and the six schools, as well as corpses of demonic beasts!
In this battle, although many demonic beasts had been killed, each sect had also suffered considerable losses!
“D*mn it, letting this Chen Ping get away, who the hell is this guy? Why is he able to control so many demonic beasts?”
Leng Wu Dao roared in anger!
“Brother Leng, although that Chen Ping got away, but we killed so many demonic beasts and got so many beast pills, it’s not a loss!”
Tong Ocean persuaded Leng Wu Dao!
Leng Wu Dao nodded, then waved his hand and said “Dig out all the beast pellets of these dead demon beasts ……”
Soon, all the people moved and started to take out the beast pellets from the corpses of the demon beasts!
But soon, they found that the beast pellets they took out had a grayish colour, without a trace of luster!
Leng Wu Dao held the beast pellet with a puzzled look on his face “What’s going on with this ……?”
Tong Ocean took the beast pellets and looked at them, his brow furrowed “These beast pellets have been absorbed by someone for a short period of time, that’s why they have this colour, they are simply worthless.”
“Who the hell is it? Who could have absorbed all the beast pills of so many demonic beasts?”
Leng Wu Dao was astonished, dozens of demon beasts, to think that the beast pellets had all been absorbed by someone!
“I don’t think there will be anyone else but that Chen Ping, haven’t you noticed that that Chen Ping’s strength has obviously increased a lot, this kid must have some kind of treasure or secret on him ……”
Tong Ocean analyzed!
“D*mn it, sooner or later I will catch him and skin him to see what secrets he has!”
Leng Wu Dao gritted his teeth and said.
“Let’s just order down, don’t be hunting demon beasts for the time being, these demon beast beast pellets are worthless, we have to wait for some time and let these demon beasts recover before hunting them, the beast pellets will be valuable then!”
Tong Ocean said.
“Good, without the demon beast beast pellets, there are other resources here, enough for us to survive and cultivate.”
“But that Chen Ping, as long as we don’t get out of this secret realm, I must find him ……”
Leng Wu Dao said with his fists clenched and his eyes filled with anger!
“Let’s clean up the scene, we have to hurry up and find a suitable quarters before we can do so!”
After Tong Ocean finished speaking, the crowd began to clean up the scene and bury the corpses ……
On the other side, Chen Ping, with Yue Buqun and Liu Xing Liu Rui, was quickly moving through the jungle!
Because Yue Buqun hadn’t fully recovered, he wasn’t moving very fast!
But there were no pursuers behind them, so Chen Ping was not in a great hurry!
“Those people aren’t catching up, I think we should find a place to rest first, so that Patriarch Yue can recover completely!”
Chen Ping suggested!