“Kid, give me death ……”
Lao Er roared angrily as the longsword in his hand instantly transformed into a complete sword shadow, enveloping towards Chen Ping!
At this moment, the entire ring seemed to be under the envelope of that sword shadow!
Looking at Lao Er, who was charging towards him, Chen Ping snorted coldly as killing intent erupted from his eyes!
Then the Zenglong sword in his hand slowly slashed through mid-air, Chen Ping’s figure instantly split into two and two into four ……
The Nine Shadows Sword Technique, at this moment, was instantly executed on Chen Ping’s body!
The only thing that could be seen was that several of Chen Ping’s figures, like ghosts, instantly closed in on the black and silver robed old man who was in front of him!
The old man’s face changed greatly, and the long sword in his hand swung towards Chen Ping, and thousands of sword shadows blasted at Chen Ping’s body at the same time.
But after a loud explosion, what Lao Er had just blown away was only a shadow of Chen Ping!
Just as Lao Er was about to strike again, he only felt a sharp sword maneuver coming!
“Ah …………”
With a wretched scream, one could only see Lao Er’s arm, which was holding the longsword, instantly fly into mid-air!
Lao Er’s entire arm was severed and blood instantly gushed out!
An arm had been chopped off, but Chen Ping was not satisfied!
All the crowd could see was that five or six identical-looking Chen Ping were now wielding the long swords in their hands, continuously swinging and slashing at Old Two!
No one knew which one was Chen Ping’s real body!
All the crowd could hear was Lao Er’s constant screams and the splattering of blood and limbs everywhere!
After a few moments, the screams died down!
And Chen Ping’s figure finally came together!
It was only then that the crowd could see clearly that Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, which was dripping blood!
And the black and silver-robed second, who had fallen to the ground, had long since lost all his limbs and his body was covered in wounds, bleeding profusely!
But even with such heavy injuries, Lao Er’s chest was still heaving, clearly still alive.
It was obvious that Chen Ping didn’t want him to die so painfully!
Lao Er’s eyes were filled with terror as he looked at Chen Ping, gasping for air, the intense pain filling his face with a grimace, but he couldn’t shout out a word.
Because the knot in his throat had also long been cut by Chen Ping’s sword, leaving him with no way to make a sound!
“I said I would make you regret it ……”
Chen Ping coldly looked at the black and silver robed Lao Er, who had long ago been miserable, and said in an eerily cold and icy voice.
At this moment, the old second was lying on the ground, not knowing whether it was regret or fear in his eyes!
“Lao Er ……”
“Second Brother ……”
Several other black and silver robes instantly rushed up, but looking at Lao Er, who was almost a mush of flesh, no one could do anything, such a body could not be saved even by the Great Luo Golden Immortal!
At this moment, a black mist suddenly emerged from the body of Lao Er, and then fled at a great speed into the distance!
This was the spirit that had resided inside the black and silver robe, and now that the host body was dying, they needed to find a suitable candidate to rehost it in the shortest possible time.
But just as the spirit flew away into the distance, Chen Ping opened his mouth, and a huge suction force instantly sucked the spirit back.
The spirit was sucked directly into Chen Ping’s body, while Chen Ping looked like he had eaten a delicacy, a touch of satisfaction on his face!
The crowd was frozen at the sight of this scene, especially those black and silver robes, who were all very frightened in their hearts!
To put it mildly, these black and silver robes were nothing but puppets, while the ones who could really dominate were the spirits inside them!
These host spirits can find a new host body as quickly as possible after the death of the host body.
Therefore, they did not care much about the life and death of the host body, just like human beings living in a house, when the house breaks down, they can find a new one!
But now they found out that Chen Ping could even devour souls, which instantly made them panic.
This instantly made them panic. In particular, the spirits residing inside these black and silver robes were all terrified.