Seeing this scene, Zou Zhaolong instantly revealed a smug smile, with Chang’s aid, he didn’t have to fear Zhao Wuji!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, you said that you are not young, how can you be deceived by a little hairy boy? You know this is a medical treatment for the leader’s son, if there is a mistake, can you afford it? I don’t think you are deliberately looking for this Chen Ping and then deliberately treating the leader’s son wrongly, so that the leader’s son will have an accident, right? What the hell are you thinking?”
Zou Zhaolong turned to Zhao Wuji and asked with a sneer!
“Zou Zhaolong, what are you talking about? How could I intentionally let the leader’s son have an accident, don’t spout blood, Mr. Chen does have that ability ……”
Zhao Wuji saw that this Zou Zhaolong was suddenly suspicious of him and yelled in some panic!
“Whether there is that ability or not, it’s not up to you, it’s not like we saw it, if you think that Chen Ping is really capable, then let him also say what’s going on with the leader’s son, didn’t he say that Master Yuan was only half right?”
Zou Zhaolong was deliberately using provocation, he didn’t believe that Chen Ping could be more capable than Yuan Baozhong, the reason Yuan Baozhong failed to see it, that Chen Ping could see it!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Zhao Wuji looked at Chen Ping, hoping that Chen Ping could make a move so that several people would be convinced, mainly to be able to convince Chang Yuanjun.
At this time Chang Wanjun also looked towards Chen Ping, he also wanted to hear what Chen Ping actually said, and that Yuan Baozhong, he also wanted to see how strong Chen Ping was through this matter!
Seeing that everyone was looking at him, Chen Ping slowly sat down on a chair to the side and then spoke, “It is true that the leader’s son was bitten by a poisonous insect, if the finger in not able to eliminate the inflammation and fix the blood, it won’t take long for this one hand to be saved!”
“Another point is that the leader’s son is now bedridden and immobile, it has little to do with all the poisoning from the poisonous insects, he has only become this way because his mind is damaged!”
Chen Ping explained.
“Mentally damaged?” Chang Wanjun was stunned!
“Mr. Chen, what’s with the damaged mind?” Zhao Wuji asked curiously.
“A damaged mind is said to be a shock that causes the soul to be unconscious, which is why it stays unconscious ……”
Chen Ping explained.
The soul is not attached to the body?
At this moment, Zhao Wuji and also Chang Yuanjun froze, as well as that Zou Zhaolong, were also dumbfounded!
They weren’t magicians much less cultivators, so things like souls not possessing bodies, they didn’t understand and couldn’t think of anything there!
“Do you know that Master Yuan is known as the number one magician in China and Hong Kong, if the leader’s son was really disembodied and in shock, would he not be able to see it? Don’t pretend to be here, thinking that you can fool everyone like this ……”
After a long while, Zou Zhaolong reacted and laughed loudly in mockery!
Chang Yuan Jun also somewhat not quite believe Chen Ping, after all, Chen Ping said a little too casual, directly said his son was frightened into this, which makes Chang Yuan Jun very dissatisfied!
“If he can’t see it, he can only say that he is a waste, what the number one spell master in China Hong Kong, and he doesn’t know shame ……”
Chen Ping said with the corners of his mouth raised, full of disdain!
“Chen Ping, you don’t have to play fast and loose with your words here, since you know the cause of the leader’s son’s illness, then you come and cure it, if you cure it, I, Yuan Baozhong, will kowtow to you to thank you, if you can’t, I will throw you out and then find someone to push you into the river afterwards ……”
Yuan Baozhong said with a gloomy face.
“No, no ……” Chang Yuanjun hurriedly stood out to stop: “My son is not a mouse, you don’t bet on him …… ”
After Chang Yuanjun finished, he looked at Zhao Wuji: “Zhao Wuji, take this Chen Ping and leave immediately, this is an order ……”