Chen Ping, on the other hand, let out a long sigh of relief and looked at that Heaven Swallowing Beast, inwardly loving it!
This little guy, so small and so bullish, if this grows up, then what the heck!
Only, it’s just too edible, it can swallow anything, but it just doesn’t see growth!
“Kid, don’t hit my Heaven Swallowing Beast, after I recover my physical body, I still have to ride it across the Heavenly Realm.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord knew what Chen Ping was thinking and hurriedly said!
“I picked up this Heaven Swallowing Beast, your mount, the Heaven Swallowing Beast, died a long time ago.”
Chen Ping did not think that this Heaven Swallowing Beast was the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was speechless for a while, but this little Heaven Swallowing Beast was indeed picked up by Chen Ping!
“Kid, let’s discuss, before I recover my physical body, in this Celestial Realm, you can use it.”
“When I recover my physical body, you will have to return it to me, by then you will have just ascended to Immortality and just arrived in the Celestial Realm, you are penniless and can’t afford to keep it.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch followed Chen Ping to discuss the matter!
The hallowed Demon Monarch was now following the third grade minor cultivator of the Transition Realm to discuss, if this was known to others, they were afraid that their jaws would drop in shock!
“Alright!”Chen Ping nodded!
This Heaven Swallowing Beast, Chen Ping really did not seem to be able to afford to raise it!
Looking at the corpses of demonic beasts all over the ground, Chen Ping was very excited inwardly, this was all beast dan!
With so many Beast Dans, it was also enough for Chen Ping to use for a while!
Chen Ping did not care about the Heaven Swallowing Beast, but bent down and started picking up the beast pills!
And the Dragon Sword started to cut the demonic beast’s corpse to take out the Beast Pills!
But who knew, that little Heaven Swallowing Beast roared, followed by a large mouth!
For a moment, the entire sky changed colour, and the Heaven Swallowing Beast’s mouth was like a black hole, filled with suction power!
Before Chen Ping could react, those demonic beast corpses and beast dan were sucked into the stomach of that Heaven Swallowing Beast!
However, in an instant, apart from the bright red bloodstains on the ground, the corpses of the demonic beasts and the beast pills were long gone!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded!
That Heaven Swallowing Beast, on the other hand, burped and returned to its storage ring to go to sleep!
“F*ck …………”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but burst out!
He had fought so hard to kill so many demonic beasts, but he had gained nothing!
Although the beast tide was scared away by the Heaven Swallowing Beast, but swallowing all the beast dan, this is too unkind, always have to share yourself a little bit ah?
Chen Ping was speechless at the moment!
“Hahaha, I have said long ago, you can’t afford to keep it, so small you have to compete with it.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch looked at Chen Ping’s expression of hopelessness and laughed out loud!
Chen Ping could only sigh and slowly went up the mountain!
At this moment, the cold mist had already disappeared, and the crowd saw that the foot of the mountain had long since become very quiet without the onslaught of the beast tide!
There was only one figure of Chen Ping, slowly ascending the mountain!
It was as if the beast tide had disappeared all of a sudden!
Seeing this, Bing Lu and the others hurriedly ran towards Chen Ping!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the other cultivators also ran downwards!
If the beast tide receded, then the demonic beast corpses all over the ground could be resources!
There were beast pills inside the demon beast corpses!
But when they ran close to realise, where on the ground there is still the body of the demonic beast, the beast pills even disappeared!
This time, all the people are dumbfounded, do not understand this ground full of demonic beast corpses, how to say gone is gone?
So everyone put their eyes on Chen Ping!
They were curious to know where so many demonic beast corpses had gone!
Chen Ping himself couldn’t have turned these demonic beast corpses into nothing in an instant!
Bing Lu and the girls ran over and said to Chen Ping with concern, “Mr Chen, are you alright?”
“I’m fine, it’s just that the various forces in my body are too consumed, I’ll be fine after resting.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Fellow Daoist, thank you for saving us, we can’t thank you enough.”
Ouyang Zhenhua walked up to Chen Ping and said gratefully!