A brilliant golden light instantly collides with the Great Protector’s Burning Palm, sending a tremendous bang through the heavens!
The air exploded and space shook!
The earth began to cave in and rocks were flying from the surrounding stone walls!
The ruins of the Water Fairy Palace seem to be collapsing!
Chen Ping’s golden light instantly pierced through the Burning Palm and struck the body of the Grand Protector!
The Grand Protector’s body flew out instantly, with a look of incomprehension in his eyes!
While the Grand Protector was still in a daze, Chen Ping’s body instantly arrived in front of the Grand Protector’s face, and his speed was even faster than the Grand Protector!
“This …………”
The Great Protector had no reaction and was kicked out by Chen Ping immediately afterwards!
Boom …………
The Grand Protector’s body hit the stone wall hard, causing the rocks to crumble and the entire Water Fairy Palace was about to be destroyed.
The Grand Protector spurted out a mouthful of blood and his aura began to wither!
Chen Ping slowly walked towards the Grand Protector, who was looking extremely pale!
“Chen Ping, if you let me go, I can gift you a large amount of resources ……”
The Grand Protector was begging Chen Ping for mercy!
“Hmph, you’re just a Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect, your master hasn’t given the word, so your words are nothing!”
“But your strength at the peak of the Ninth Grade Martial God is the best resource for me!”
Chen Ping had a fierce smile on his face, he was confident that if he absorbed this Great Protector’s strength, he would definitely be able to improve!
The Great Protector saw that Chen Ping was definitely not going to let go of himself, so he said with a faint gaze in his eyes, “Chen Ping, don’t think that you’ve got me today, if I didn’t have some means to save my life, how would I dare to be the Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect!”
After the Grand Protector finished speaking, he pulled out a token from his body and crushed it instantly!
With the crushing of the token, the space in front of the Grand Protector’s face began to distort and deform, and the Grand Protector’s figure became fainter and fainter!
“Space spell, you want to escape ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body lurched forward, followed by a huge palm grabbing at the Great Protector!
Unfortunately, Chen Ping was still a step too slow, the Great Protector’s figure slowly disappeared, and Chen Ping did not catch him!
Seeing the Grand Protector fleeing, Chen Ping was annoyed. He had never thought that this Grand Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect knew space magic!
Right after the Great Protector fled, the entire Water Fairy Palace began to tremble violently, with large pieces of stone falling down one after another!
“Miss Liu, let’s go quickly ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly led Liu Rui back the way they came.
When Chen Ping came out of the sinkhole, they found that the area around the sinkhole was covered with the bodies of many martial artists!
Most of these corpses were from the Out-of-Boundary Martial World, but Chen Ping did not find Jiang Wei and the others, so he did not know if they had been killed or had escaped.
“Mr. Chen, has another Hidden World Sect appeared in the Kunlun Mountains?”
Liu Rui asked as she looked at the corpses all over the ground.
She knew that all the people brought by Tong Youcai had basically been killed by Chen Ping, and now so many of these out-of-bounds martial artists had died, so it should have been other Hidden Realm sects that had dried up!
“I think so, let’s be careful ……”
Chen Ping admonished Liu Rui!
The two of them had just walked away when they heard the sound of a fight, and Chen Ping and Liu Rui followed the sound.
These five old men were like wolves in a flock of sheep, and the out-of-bounds martial artists like Jiang Wei were just going to be slaughtered!
“Mr. Chen …………”
After seeing Chen Ping, Ginger Wei and Hong Qianjiu hurriedly shouted for help!
“Who are these people?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly and asked Liu Rui.
These people were so ruthless that they killed people like stepping on ants!
“People from the Flying Star Faction, these are the five elders of the Flying Star Faction ……”
Liu Rui said after Chen Ping. -A wave of his hand!