Cheng Jing would not put that Elder Lu under pressure at all, and with a displeased face, Elder Lu did not dare to say anything more!
“Kid, immediately come over and apologise to my disciple on your knees, perhaps I can forgive you ……”
Cheng Jinghui said as he looked at Chen Ping coldly!
“It was your disciple who moved to hit me first, I was defending myself, why should I apologise?”
Chen Ping said fearlessly to Cheng Jinghui!
“You dare to talk to me like this?”
Cheng Jing would not have thought that Chen Ping, a small human cultivator, would dare to talk after himself like this in the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Unable to help, his heart was enraged, and his aura of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm directly pressed towards Chen Ping!
This aura was as vast as the sea and carried the momentum of thunder, Chen Ping only felt his body sink and his legs instantly bent!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth in death, even though his legs were bent and trembling, he was desperately holding on, determined not to kneel down!
Seeing that Chen Ping was not even overwhelmed by his own aura, Cheng Jing would faintly say, “Tiny human cultivator, I didn’t expect you to hide your strength, even if you hide your strength, in front of the old man, you are nothing more than a mole cricket ……”
After saying that, Cheng Jinghui’s aura became even more tyrannical, and everyone around them all retreated backwards.
Chen Ping’s eyes were rounded and the veins on his forehead bulged out as he fought with all his strength to resist!
Seeing that just when Chen Ping could not carry on, suddenly a force gently lifted Chen Ping, and immediately after that, Cheng Jinghui’s aura was repelled!
“Senior brother, Mr Chen is my honoured guest, isn’t it a bit excessive for you to do so?”
Luo Shouhai walked over and coldly looked at that Cheng Jinghui and said!
“Noble guest?” Cheng Jinghui’s eyes were filled with disdain, “I don’t care what he is, if he injured my disciple, he must kneel down and apologise ……”
“Master, it was that Liu Xueyi who made the first move, Mr Chen only injured him in self-defence.”
“Besides, he, a fourth ranked cultivator of the Transitional Succession Realm, had his arm broken by Mr. Chen, a cultivator who had just stepped into the Transitional Succession Realm, and he still has the face to ask for an apology!”
Jin Dong hurriedly explained after Luo Shouhai!
“I know!” Luo Shouhai obviously knew what was going on!
While Cheng Jing would hear Jin Dong’s words, his face became even more furious, his own disciple’s high strength had suffered a loss, which was a slap in their Blood Spirit Peak’s face!
“Senior brother, I don’t care who made the first move, now that my disciple is injured, he must kneel down and apologise.”
“You’re not going to fall out with me over a tiny human cultivator, are you?”
Cheng Jing would look at Luo Shouhai and said!
“I said, Mr Chen is my VIP, whoever touches him, don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
Luo Shouhai’s face also went cold!
This time, Cheng Jinghui’s face became even more ugly, and the two stared at each other as the atmosphere froze to the extreme!
Chen Ping at this moment glanced at that Luo Xi with some confusion, he did not understand what other relationship there was between the Blood Spirit Valley and the Blood Spirit Peak!
Seeing this, Luo Xi came to Chen Ping’s ear and said, “Mr Chen, the headmaster of this Blood Spirit Peak is a fellow disciple with my father, and we both belong to the Blood Demon lineage as well.”
“It’s just that later on, when my father became the Blood Spirit Valley Master, this Cheng Jing would be upset and went up to Blood Spirit Peak alone and became the Sect Master himself.”
“But these years my father also did not ask, has also been considered to be peaceful, after all, now the demon race survival environment is very difficult, if in the infighting, it will be even more no way to survive.”
Luo Xi explained to Chen Ping, Chen Ping this is also sort of understand over, but look at Cheng Jing will follow Luo Shouhai two people’s strength, Luo Shouhai although as a senior brother, but as far as strength is concerned, I am afraid that it is to be weaker!
“Who is looking for Mr Chen trouble, first passed the old man this off ……”
Just as the atmosphere was tense, a sudden angry cry rang out as the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder rushed in with a huff!