“Because this ancient tomb is a tomb of a real person, there are skeletons of real people who cultivate immortality in this, and perhaps some divine weapons, magic tools and so on, so it is not impossible for pure spiritual energy to flow from it ……”
Hu Ma Zi explained.
“The tomb of a real person?” Chen Ping was getting more and more shocked at this moment.
The so-called real people, that is to say, to the realm of transmigration, as long as the transmigration is successful, then can really soar into immortality.
However, it was not unusual for a real person to fall during a tribulation.
But now to find a tomb of a real person made Chen Ping’s heart thrilled beyond measure.
He could not wait to go down into the tomb right now and see what the tomb, which was called a half-immortal, was really like.
“The inside of that cave is blocked by boulders, I tried to open the boulders once, but they are not there at all, how can we open them if we want to go in?”
Chen Ping asked Hu Ma Zi for advice.
Although Chen Ping’s strength was higher than Hu Pazzi’s, in this regard, Chen Ping was like a little student, knowing too little.
“Since I am here, I naturally have a way to open the boulder, but you are now lacking in spiritual energy and need to take a rest, when you are well rested, we will go in together.”
“It’s incredibly dangerous inside after all, with you, a YuanYing expert, I can feel a bit more at ease, but we’ll each have half of the stuff inside.”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping.
“No problem, deal ……”
Chen Ping nodded and extended his right hand!
Hu Pocky froze, smiled randomly, and followed Chen Ping with a direct high five as an alliance.
“Haha, if you follow me, I guarantee you inexhaustible resources, don’t look at my strength, but in the business of cave hunting and tomb exploration, I am the ancestor of the Hu family ……”
Hu Puzi said with a proud face.
Chen Ping also believes in Hu Pazi’s strength, after all, this place, blocked by mountains and rocks, Hu Pazi did not even go inside, yet he knows that this is the tomb of a real person, so it is clear that this cave hunting and tomb exploring skill is not low!
After Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu down the mountain and returned to the Red Lotus Palace, Ji Ru Xue had already ordered someone to prepare a meal.
She knew that after this battle, Chen Ping must have exerted a great deal of physical strength, so she tended to her body.
Chen Ping followed Ji Ru Xue and Minnie and introduced Pocky Hu, who also smiled and greeted Ji Ru Xue and Minnie!
Apart from his pockmarked face which looked a bit scary, Pockmark Hu was still very polite in his speech and conversation.
“Palace Master Ji, this Red Lotus Palace illusion of yours has been broken, wait until after dinner, I will help you in patching up an illusion formation!”
Hu Ma Zi ate his meal and said to Ji Ru Xue.
“That’s really written Master Hu!”
Ji Ru Xue was full of joy as she said thanks.
After eating, Pocky Hu followed Chen Ping and the others to outside the palace gate of the Red Lotus Palace.
Looking at the Red Lotus Palace in front of him, Pocky Hu took out a few pieces of talisman paper and then recited a few words under his breath.
Immediately afterwards, a large amount of smoke rose from the papers, which soon enveloped the entire Red Lotus Palace.
When Pocky Hu blew the paper in his hand, it instantly turned into ashes!
When the smoke slowly dispersed, Chen Ping was surprised to find that the Red Lotus Palace in front of them had disappeared.
The huge Red Lotus Palace had simply disappeared before their eyes.
Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min’s mouths opened wide in shock.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked at Huang Ma Zi in admiration. Although Chen Ping could also cast illusionary spells, he could only do so in a small area.
To think of such a large illusion formation, Chen Ping did not have that strength.
This kind of large illusion formation required super strong spiritual power to do so.
“Hu …… Master Hu, what if we go in?”
Ji Ru Xue asked to Pocky Hu in shock.
“That’s easy to do!”
Hu Pazzi said, raising his hand and flicking a clasp in mid-air.
With three snaps in a row, the Red Lotus Palace appeared in front of a few people.
This illusion formation was much stronger than the Red Lotus Palace at the beginning.