Daxia, Northwest Desert!
In a deadly part of the desert, this has become a forbidden area!
Even Martial Marquis level experts would choose to take a detour, not daring to pa*s through here!
And within this forbidden zone, there were quite a few corpses on the ground.
At this moment, a one-armed young man dressed in black robes was sitting in the middle of the corpses!
This man was none other than Long Xiao, who had been searching for Chen Ping, and wanted to rely on him as an opportunity to step into the realm of the Great Martial Marquis!
But it was as if Chen Ping had disappeared, and he could not be found at all.
So Long Xiao came to this place and kept feeding on the strength of others, using it to break through to the Great Martial Marquis!
Rumble …………
The desert, which was originally clear and had little rain, was now surprisingly covered with black clouds, and a heavenly thunder rang out.
Long Xiao jerked his head up and looked at the black clouds in the sky, his face filled with excitement and thrill!
“The one who was struck by heavenly thunder upon breaking through the Great Martial Marquis, you are probably the first person in the martial world ……”
An old voice rang out in Long Xiao’s mind.
“It’s all because of senior’s guidance, I will definitely work hard to help senior recover his true body and follow him around ……”
Long Xiao said with a face full of excitement.
A breakthrough in the Martial Dao Realm could hardly cause a vision of heaven and earth, legend has it that only a breakthrough to Martial Saint would be considered a true entry into another world, and only then would it cause a vision of heaven and earth and a thunderstorm to descend!
But Long Xiao had only broken through the Great Martial Marquis, and surprisingly, it had caused a thunder tribulation, and Long Xiao knew that it was all because of the soul spirit inside him!
“This thunder tribulation, you need to resist it yourself, I can’t help a bit, when you pa*s the thunder tribulation, among the Grand Martial Marquis, I’m afraid you will hardly have a rival ……”
After the old voice finished speaking, a black shadow flashed out from Long Xiao’s body and immediately drifted into the distance.
Long Xiao looked up at the thunder tribulation in mid-air, besides being excited, he was also a bit nervous.
He had never experienced a thunderclap before, and he didn’t know if this thunderclap could be resisted by his body, and if he couldn’t, it would be ashes to ashes!
But in order for him to reach the top of the martial arts world, Long Xiao could only grit his teeth and resist!
Rumble …………
The thunderstorm came down in a smooth manner and struck Long Xiao’s body fiercely!
All Long Xiao could feel was that ten thousand swords were piercing his heart, and his body seemed to be torn apart!
After an unknown amount of time, the black clouds in the sky dissipated, while a burst of light lingered around Long Xiao’s body!
“Hahahaha, I did it, I did it ……”
Long Xiao looked at his body and laughed wildly, “Now that I have stepped into the Great Martial Marquis, in the entire martial world, I will see who dares to make an enemy of me ……”
Only to see, a black shadow not far away flickered away and then entered Long Xiao’s body!
“This flesh of yours has also been tempered under the lightning tribulation, even if you meet a Third Grade Grand Martial Marquis now, you will still be able to fight him!”
In his mind, the old voice rang out.
“As long as Chen Ping is still alive, I will definitely break him into pieces, in the entire martial world, I will see who dares to stop me ……”
At this moment, Long Xiao’s heart was extremely swollen as he slammed his fist out!
A terrifying explosion erupted from not far away, the earth trembled for it!
“This is the power of a Great Martial Waiter, this is the power of a Great Martial Waiter …………”
“Hahahaha …………”
Long Xiao laughed loudly, then with a few leaps, he thought of going far away!
The direction he was heading was none other than Kyoto!
He was going to tell this good news to Long Jingguo, the future Long family, will be glorious again, the order of the martial arts world in Kyoto, will be reshuffled.
At this time, Long Jingguo did not know about Long Xiao’s breakthrough, and was still vaguely worried about Long Xiao!
If anything really happened to Long Xiao if he went to find Chen Ping, then their Long Family might decline from then on.
After all, the strongest person in the Long Family now was Long Xiao, and Long Jingguo, an old martial arts marquis, could no longer hold up the Long Family!