Another day had pa*sed!
With the pills and herbs, Han Qing’er’s injuries were almost healed!
Han Qing’er took the initiative to find Chen Ping and followed him to say thank you!
“Thank you so much, I have to go now, or else my parents will die of anxiety ……”
Han Qing’er found Chen Ping and said.
“Do you need me to take you back?”
Chen Ping asked.
Chen Ping was only saying this because he wanted to know where Han Qing’er was from and what her identity really was!
But Chen Ping was afraid that Han Qing’er would resent it, so he didn’t ask it directly!
Han Qing’er shook her head, “No need, I know you are eager to know my identity, but I can’t tell you, all I can tell you is my name, my name is Han Qing’er, what’s your name?”
“My name is Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Okay, I remember, if I have the chance in the future, I will definitely repay you.”
Han Qing’er said, taking off a transparent jade stone from her body and then handing it to Chen Ping!
“I’ve been wearing this since I was a child, so I’m giving it to you now as a way of repaying you for saving my life!”
Han Qing’er handed the jade to Chen Ping, who wanted to resist, but seeing that the jade had no peculiarities and was not very valuable, he accepted it!
Little did Chen Ping know that in the near future, it was this jade stone that saved Chen Ping’s life!
“Let’s go, I’ll send you out of Kyoto ……”
Chen Ping could now conclude that Han Qing’er was not from Kyoto.
Han Qing’er did not refuse and followed Chen Ping out of the Long family and walked through the streets of Kyoto.
Looking at the bustling Kyoto, there was an indescribable feeling in Han Qing’er’s eyes!
After this time, Han Qing’er knew that she might never have the chance to leave the secret realm again in her life!
Although the Secret Realm was very nice, with rich spiritual energy and a lot of resources!
But for Han Qing’er, what she liked more and longed for was the secular world ……
The first thing you need to do is to look at the ordinary buildings and the people pa*sing by.
Is this Han Qing’er a fairy from the sky who has come down to earth? Has she never seen this before?
But at that moment, an incomparably terrifying aura suddenly came towards Chen Ping in their direction!
Chen Ping’s face changed drastically, he could feel that these auras were all terrifying, each one was no worse than his own!
“Oh no, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping pulled up Han Qing’er and ran!
But it was already too late, a dozen people had already surrounded Chen Ping and Han Qing’er!
An aura emanated from these people, instantly suppressing Chen Ping so that he couldn’t even move!
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with shock, originally he thought that since he had reached the rank of Grand Martial Marquis, he could easily escape even if he encountered an expert and was outmatched.
But at this moment, Chen Ping realized that with this strength, he had no power to fight back!
“Stop it, all of you ……”
Han Qing’er suddenly frowned and shouted angrily at the dozen people.
With Han Qing’er’s angry shout, the aura suppressing Chen Ping’s body instantly dissipated, and Chen Ping regained his freedom!
“Miss, please follow us back to ……”
One of them said respectfully to Han Qing’er.
Han Qing’er nodded, and then looked at Chen Ping: “Chen Ping, thank you ……”
Chen Ping’s face was without the slightest expression at the moment, having just suffered a great blow to his heart at the piece where he lost his ability to move!
Han Qing’er followed those people away, while Chen Ping stood dumbfounded in place!
It had been a long time before Chen Ping reacted!
“What strength, I didn’t expect that in this world, there still existed people with such strong strength …………”
Chen Ping looked at the direction Han Qing’er left, he suddenly felt like a frog at the bottom of a well.