However, Chen Ping was motionless, apparently to no avail!
“Hahaha, you can’t save him ……”
Long Xiao laughed recklessly.
Zhao Chuang and the others all looked at Long Xiao angrily, their auras soaring one by one!
Even if they were to die, they couldn’t possibly watch Long Xiao kill Chen Ping!
“A few of you ants, still presuming to stop me?”
Long Xiao smiled even more smugly as he felt the killing intent from several people.
None of them said anything, but a cold aura burst out of their eyes, indicating that they were going to fight for their lives.
“Mr Shi, what should we do?”
At this moment, Xing Jun, who was in the crowd, asked in a small voice to Mr. Shi.
Now Chen Ping was all set to die, but Xing Jun found that Mr. Shi was surprisingly not prepared to make a move yet.
“Wait and see, Chen Ping won’t die that easily ……”
Mr. Shi said indifferently as his eyes slightly stared!
As soon as Mr. Shi was saying the words, he saw Chen Ping’s body suddenly emit a patch of light!
Chen Ping personally, all seemed to turn into a light!
Immediately afterwards, the sky was filled with dark clouds and lightning flashed!
Chen Ping’s body actually slowly floated into mid-air, his entire body within that light!
“What …… is this?”
“This can’t be a lightning tribulation, can it? Could it be that Chen Ping is about to break through?”
“How is it possible, who is in a comatose state when they are experiencing a lightning tribulation?”
“Such a terrifying scene, how powerful must that lightning tribulation be?”
The crowd looked at the vision in the mid-air and all of them chattered in shock!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, a shocking explosion of thunder rang out, followed by a bolt of lightning that instantly struck Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body, which was originally floating in mid-air, was instantly struck down a lot, and a burst of mushy and burnt smell was continuously emitted!
As Long Xiao watched this scene, he laughed out loud!
“Hahahaha, it’s really heaven’s help, even the heavens can’t stand this Chen Ping anymore, to unleash such a great thunderstorm!”
“This doesn’t require me to do anything, soon Chen Ping will be burnt.”
Long Xiao laughed recklessly.
Zhao Barging was anxious in his heart and prepared to save Chen Ping down with a leap!
This kind of terrifying thunderstorm, even a bronze and iron bone could not resist it!
“Don’t move, with your strength, you won’t be able to reach the front, and then the power of the thunder tribulation will knock you into oblivion ……”
“We have to trust Chen Ping, I believe he will definitely be able to break through ……”
Gu Ling’er said as she pulled Zhao Barging back.
Zhao Barging had no choice but to look up at the midair and pray that Chen Ping would make it through!
Rumble …………
A burst of thunder rolled in, as if it was coming from the sky!
Click ……
Another bolt of lightning struck down, viciously striking atop Chen Ping’s body!
This time, Chen Ping’s body instantly erupted into a flame-like glow!
Seeing this scene, some people sighed and others were glad!
On the other hand, Gu Ling’er and Zhao Beng were filled with worry!
“Breaking through the Grand Martial Marquis actually attracted two lightning tribulations, it seems that this kid is really gifted, fortunately you seriously injured him before he broke through, otherwise it would have been troublesome if you really let him break through.”
In Long Xiao’s mind, the old voice said.
Long Xiao also felt very fortunate, such a terrifying lightning tribulation, if he really let Chen Ping break through, Long Xiao estimated that he would never be a match for that Chen Ping.
“Mr. Shi ……”
In the crowd, Xing Jun shouted anxiously at Mr. Shi!
The current Chen Ping, it was obvious that his body was like burning flames, this was about to be burnt to ashes.
Mr. Shi’s eyes were staring intently at the flaming glow, and he didn’t say a word!
Seeing this, Xing Jun could only put his gaze back on Chen Ping’s body!
As the crowd watched, the light on Chen Ping’s body slowly dissipated, and Chen Ping, who had been lying down, was now slowly standing up!
Chen Ping’s eyes burst out with two hot rays of light, sweeping the crowd in mid-air!