“Hahaha, very good, you just need to do a good job, the resources won’t be less for you, in our Qiu Mansion, no matter if it’s the three races of humans, devils and beasts, they are all equal.”
Qiu Tu laughed loudly!
“I will definitely work hard!”Qian Yue’s body was trembling slightly with excitement!
“Good, then I’ll take the Immortal Spirit Stones away, the Purple Gold Spirit Coins won’t be less for you.”
After Qiu Tu finished speaking, he directly threw that Qian Yue a bag of Purple Gold Spirit Coins!
“Sir Qiu, these Immortal Spirit Stones are considered to be my filial honour to the Qiu Mansion, they are considered to be my meet and greet gift!”
Qian Yue didn’t dare to take that Purple Gold Spirit Coin!
“Our Qiu Mansion never engages in this kind of behaviour, just take the money and collect more Immortal Spirit Stones in the future!”
Qiu Tu dropped the purple gold spirit coins, and then ordered the people to take the immortal spirit stones with them and leave!
Qian Yue looked at the purple gold spirit coins in his eyes, and for a moment he felt like he was dreaming!
He never thought that his final result would be like this!
He had become a member of the Qiu Mansion in a haphazard manner, and the other party had been very generous!
Qian Yue decided that he would follow the Qiu Mansion in the future, as for the matter of promising Chen Ping and helping him to acquire Immortal Spirit Stones, Qian Yue had long since thrown it to the back of his mind!
When Chen Ping comes, he will return the purple gold spirit coins to him!
Qiu Tu, who had walked out of the courtyard, had a cold smile on his face!
He didn’t expect this Qian Yue to be bought by himself with a few words, and didn’t even pay any price!
The reason why Qiu Tu let Qian Yue continue to secretly acquire Immortal Spirit Stones was also to not attract the attention of the other Beast Generals!
The official acquisition of Immortal Spirit Stones were all registered, there was no way for anyone to hide them from each other, they all passed through the hands of the three major Beast Generals!
It was also because of this that the three great beast generals were too lazy to bother, causing the supervised theft behaviour at the official acquisition points!
In fact, each of the three major beast generals are secretly developing their forces and hoarding resources, but it must be done in secret!
Qiu Tintu let Qian Yue for Qiu House secretly purchase immortal spirit stone, also because of so!
Not long after Qiu Tu left, Chen Ping also arrived here!
If he was a little late, the two would have bumped into each other!
If they met, it would be lively!
In this Beast City, Chen Ping followed that Qiu Tui to battle, probably can not take advantage of anything!
Chen Ping had just entered the door when he ran into Qian Yue who was about to leave the house!
“Uncle Qian, are you going out?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
He knew that Qian Yue was a human cultivator, and he was afraid of being arrested when he was hiding at home, so how could he dare to go out!
“No, I heard a commotion and came out to take a look, I didn’t realise it was you, come in!”
Qian Yue lied and invited Chen Ping in!
He couldn’t let Chen Ping know about his defection to Qiu Fu, after all, Chen Ping was also a human cultivator and had asked him to help acquire immortal spirit stones!
Now if Qian Yue said that he had defected to the Qiu Mansion, he was afraid that Chen Ping would hold a grudge!
After walking into the house, Chen Ping spoke, “Uncle Qian, I ……”
“Chen Ping, I can’t do anything more to help you acquire the Immortal Spirit Stones, the investigation has been strict lately, I’d better give you the money!”
With that, Qian Yue returned the Violet Gold Spirit Coin to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping took the Violet Gold Spirit Coin and said, “Uncle Qian, I’m not looking for you this time to talk about the matter of acquiring Immortal Spirit Stones, I’m here because I want to find you for co-operation.”
“Co-operation? Co-operation for what?”
Qian Yue asked doubtfully!
After Chen Ping casually struck a shielding formation, he whispered to Qian Yue, “Uncle Qian, I have discovered an Immortal Spirit Stone vein, and I want to co-operate with you to mine it.”
“What? Immortal spirit stone vein?”
Qian Yue was startled, his voice instantly grew louder, his eyes widened with an unbelievable expression!
“Yes, the Immortal Spirit Stone vein, it contains quite a lot of Immortal Spirit Stones, if we co-operate in mining it, you won’t have to acquire any Immortal Spirit Stones in a sneaky manner!”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said!
“Impossible, how could there still be Immortal Spirit Stone veins? It’s been how many years since I’ve heard of an Immortal Spirit Stone vein!”
Qian Yue shook his head, pressing his disbelief!