Chen Ping fell into deep thought, in this Celestial Realm, Chen Ping seemed to be unable to find any helpers!
Right now, apart from the Gao Family and the Jia Ling County that could possibly help, there would be no one else to help himself!
But the Gao Family and the Jia Ling County were too far away, and distant water could not quench the thirst of the near.
At that moment, one could only rely on the Demon Imperial City’s own strength to block the attack of Ming Li Royal City!
“Now we must think of a way on our own, we can’t pin all our hopes on other people.”
“How much do you know about the true strength of Ming Li Royal City?”
“Now that the Mingli King City’s army is out in force, then within the Mingli King City, are the guards empty?”
Chen Ping asked to Yi He!
“This time that King Knight personally led the troops and mobilised most of the personnel from Ming Li King City, the guards within Ming Li King City are indeed empty.”
“Could it be that Mr Chen, wants to attack that Ming Li King City, forcing that Li King to return to help, in order to solve the crisis in Demon Emperor City?”
As soon as Yi He heard Chen Ping ask this, he knew what Chen Ping was playing at!
“Not bad!” Chen Ping nodded!
“Mr Chen, your idea is indeed good, it’s just a pity that the entire Demon Imperial City is now surrounded by the Ming Li Royal City’s army, even the secret passages are guarded by the other side’s soldiers, we simply can’t get out!”
“If we can’t leave Demon Emperor City, how are we going to attack Ming Li Royal City?”
Yi He also knew this solution, but nay, not a single soldier could be sent out!
“There is definitely a way, tonight everyone hurry up and rest, tomorrow that Ming Li King City will definitely attack again.”
Chen Ping hadn’t figured out how to leave the Demon Emperor City at this point without letting that Knight King discover it, so he told everyone to rest first and think of a way in slow motion!
Yi He nodded and then took Isha to rest!
Chen Ping, however, did not go to rest, but brought Ji Yun directly to the top of the city wall!
Looking down at the city wall, the mountain of corpses and sea of blood, Chen Ping knew that tomorrow’s battle would definitely be more brutal than today’s!
Although his strength had increased quite a bit, but facing this kind of tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of people killing each other, his strength alone was just a bit too much!
Chen Ping also wanted to capture the thief first, but the strength of that Li King was not weak, in addition to the fact that beside that Li King, there must be quite a few experts protecting him as well!
If Chen Ping wanted to break into the enemy camp and capture that Knight King, I am afraid that it would not be an easy task!
“Mr Chen, around this Demon Emperor City, there are flashes of spiritual light, it is obvious that formations have been laid down, so Mr Chen doesn’t need to be overly worried.”
Ji Yun looked at the aura flickering around the Demon Emperor City, it was obvious that a formation had been laid down!
Moreover, in a city like the Demon Emperor City, the formations placed around it were certainly not weak and would not be easily broken!
Chen Ping had long ago discovered the formation around the Demon Emperor City, only that this formation was not very powerful, and it was also not strong!
“Although there are formations around this Demon Emperor City, they are only defensive formations, and they are not particularly strong, they will definitely be broken tomorrow.”
Chen Ping frowned and said!
“What then? Without the protection of the formations, the walls of this Demon Emperor City will simply not be able to stop the army of the Ming Li Royal City.”
Ji Yun was a little flustered when he heard Chen Ping say that!
Knowing that the Ming Li Royal City’s army was all made of demonic beasts, in addition to the formations being able to block it, this tall city wall, dealing with it could easily be crossed over!
This city wall can only block ordinary people, want to block the Ming Li King City’s army, simply impossible!
“You follow me out of the city, I need to lay down a large formation in, you help me guard the law ……”
Chen Ping said to Ji Yun!
“Good!” Ji Yun nodded!
The two of them then leapt up and headed straight to the outside of the Demon Emperor City!
After choosing a good location, Chen Ping had Ji Yun stand aside to protect the spell, while Chen Ping himself pulled out a few talismans from his body and began to set up a spell formation!
What Chen Ping was going to set up was a killing formation, a defence formation alone would not be able to stop the army of Ming Li Royal City!