Just as Chen Ping was forcing back Qin Xiaoxian and that Thunderbolt Sect Martial Sect strongman, he had been watching out for that Xuan Yuan Family Martial Sect strongman in order to prevent a sneak attack from behind.
However, Chen Ping swept his eyes twice and surprisingly did not find that Xuan Yuan Family strongman, but at that time, he clearly saw that the three people were attacking together towards himself.
“Where did they go?” Chen Ping shot up his spirits, not daring to be the least bit careless.
“Ah …………”
Suddenly, not far behind Chen Ping, Su Yuqi’s cry of alarm sent a shock through Chen Ping’s heart!
With the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, Chen Ping fiercely turned around and slashed out with his sword!
But it was already too late, as he saw the Xuan Yuan Family’s Martial Sect strongman, carrying Su Yuqi in one hand and Gu Ling’er in the other, leaping to Xuan Yuan Kai’s side as if he was carrying a small chicken.
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were caught and struggled desperately, but in the face of the Martial Sect strongman, the two of them did not even have the chance to commit suicide, let alone escape.
“Let go of the two of them …………”
Chen Ping looked at Xuanyuan Kai angrily, the killing aura on his body instantly enveloping everyone in the Xuanyuan family!
He didn’t expect this Xuanyuan Kai to be so despicable, sending people to attack him on the surface, but behind the scenes, he had captured Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, it was simply too abominable!
“Letting go of the two of them is fine, if you obediently tie your hands and capture them, I will guarantee their safety ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai said with the corners of his mouth raised in a smug manner.
And that strong Martial Sect member of the Xuan Yuan family, controlling Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, now if he exerted a little force, both Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi would go to meet the King of Hell.
“Xuan Yuan Kai, what do you mean? Are you f*cking trying to take it all for yourself?”
Cheng Kun was full of displeasure when he saw that Xuanyuan Kai had grabbed Su Yuqi and the girls to blackmail Chen Ping.
They had agreed to take all three families together, but this Xuanyuan Kai had even sent his own people to sneak around and capture Su Yuqi and the girls, this was not an obvious trick on them.
Qin Xiaoxian looked at Xuan Yuan Kai with a stony face, having lived most of his life, he could guess what Xuan Yuan Kai was thinking at this time, not realizing that he had been tricked by a little kid.
However, now that he was injured, whether in numbers or strength, their Qin family had no advantage, so knowing that he had been tricked by Xuanyuan Kai, he did not dare to say anything.
“Cheng Kun, I’m capable of getting the dragon crystal myself, so why should I share it with you?”
Xuanyuan Kai had a look of triumph on his face.
“Xuan Yuan Kai, you paralyze, I’ll get you to death …………”
Cheng Kun’s fiery temper, originally the two did not see eye to eye, only for the dragon crystal temporarily united, now he was even tricked by Xuan Yuan Kai, how can Cheng Kun not be angry, if this in not angry, it is not worthy of his name of Thunderbolt Cheng Kun.
Cheng Kun took the Thunderbolt Sect’s men and headed towards Xuan Yuan Kai, Xuan Yuan Kai was in no hurry and said to his men, “Leave these two women to me, you guys stop them ……”
The Martial Sect strongman nodded and handed Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er in his hand to Xuanyuan Kai, while he himself led the Xuanyuan Clan’s men and rushed towards Cheng Kun, and soon the two families were fighting together!
Qin Xiaoxian’s face was ugly as he stood aside with his men, at this moment he felt that their Qin family was not even considered air in the eyes of these people anymore.
“Second brother, what should we do?”
Qin Xiaotian asked, somewhat at a loss for words, to Qin Xiaoxian.
Originally, he had counted on Qin Xiaoxian, but now that Qin Xiaoxian was injured, Qin Xiaotian was somewhat at a loss for words.
“Wait, no one is allowed to act rashly until I give the word ……” Qin Xiaoxian could only wait and see what would happen at this moment.
And at this moment, Xuanyuan Kai was looking at Chen Ping with the posture of a victor, no matter how angry Chen Ping acted, the corners of Xuanyuan Kai’s mouth still rose.
“Chen Ping, be a good boy and throw away your weapons and give up your hands, or your two little girlfriends, will die in one fell swoop ……”
Xuanyuan Kai said smugly.