Seeing this, Ning Zhi’s black qi shook around his body, and along with a low cry, his body dissipated as if he were a phantom, followed by instantly catching up with Chen Ping!
The black qi surged wildly in the sky, transforming into a gigantic palm that slapped violently towards Chen Ping!
As if Chen Ping had guessed Ning Zhi’s movements, just as Ning Zhi slapped his palm down, Chen Ping’s figure suddenly disappeared into thin air!
However, the green-clothed cultivator in front of Chen Ping was miserable, the whole person could not dodge in time, and was slapped by Ning Zhi’s palm, accompanied by a muffled grunt, blood spurted out of his mouth, and his whole body was like a kite with broken strings, and he heavily smashed into the ground!
“Shit……”
Ning Zhi couldn’t help but burst out a foul mouth!
Along with that green-clothed cultivator’s body slamming heavily into the ground, as if it had instantly injected power into that Demonfall Array, countless paths of piercing spiritual light rushed up as if they were stars, and this time, the spiritual light was even a thousand times more piercing than that which consumed the Immortal Stones!
And that green-clothed cultivator’s entire body was rapidly shrinking, visible to the naked eye as it became senile, and his body’s aura also disappeared in an instant!
Everyone did not expect that this Demon Subduing Array could even absorb the breath of a demonic cultivator to become a resource!
Even Chen Ping himself had not thought of it!
This time, all those devil cultivators were startled, they originally thought that the big formation was revealed, as long as they could find a way to go down and break it, but now this situation, as long as they were close to the big formation, they were afraid that they would all have to become the consuming resources of the Demonfall Formation!
The next scene instantly made everyone’s hearts jump, even Chen Ping was no exception!
Only a burst of shattering sounds rang out as a violent void aura radiated in all directions!
Immediately after that, a densely-packed void crack unexpectedly appeared and continuously rippled in all directions!
The dark void cracks were like the huge mouth of a demonic beast, with an infinite suction power sucking everything!
Looking at the sudden appearance of so many void cracks, Chen Ping’s forehead instantly broke out in sweat!
This time, it seemed to have gone a little too far!
If he was really sucked in by the void cracks, he might never be able to return!
Those demonic cultivators as well as Ning Zhi looked at the void rift that had appeared and instantly turned pale and squealed in fear!
There were times when death wasn’t scary, what was scary was the unknown realm!
No one knew what was behind this single void rift!
Along with each and every demonic cultivator being sucked into the void rift, letting out a miserable scream, there were others that were directly churned by the void rift, directly turning into a puddle of flesh and mud!
Even though these were all Transition Realm cultivators, or even Mahayana Realm cultivators, they still looked so small in front of this void rift!
A large amount of seawater began to pour back in, and the peaks that were originally revealed were swallowed up by the seawater in an instant, and the formations that were revealed were also covered up!
“Chen Ping, what the fuck are you playing at, could you still survive being sucked into that void rift?”
Ning Zhi cursed Chen Ping, all pissed off, it seemed that this guy Chen Ping really wanted to die together in order to kill himself!
What a fucking pervert ……
Chen Ping looked at the furious Ning Zhi, he was also speechless, he also did not expect it to be like this!
“Don’t damn cursing, can’t you see that old me was also avoiding the void rift, how could I have known that it would come to this.”
“It’s all your fault, you had to let that f*cker go and destroy my formation, and it resulted in this.”
Chen Ping said as he dodged the suction force of the void rift!
Ning Zhi was stunned, he did not expect Chen Ping to blame himself.
While resisting the vortex suction force and dodging towards the side, Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping, “You laid down a formation, and you’re telling me that you don’t know about it? When we dodge these void cracks, let’s see how I’ll pickpocket your skin and draw your tendons ……”
“We don’t know who will pickpocket who yet, we’ll see ……”
Chen Ping followed Ning Zhi and the two of them could only snipe!
No one dares to make a move, now all the energy can only be to avoid those void cracks!
Chen Ping and Ning Zhi were lucky to be able to avoid those void cracks and not get sucked in!