At first, Chen Ping resisted, but when he thought that Ge Yuhan was no different from a wooden man, he was relieved!
After a few days of recuperation at the Long Family, Chen Ping had basically recovered from all of his injuries!
He planned to take Ge Yuhan on a trip to the Pill God Valley to see if he could use pills to recover Ge Yuhan.
After all, with the Pill God Valley’s divine Nong Cauldron in place, even the highest-grade pills could be refined!
But just as Chen Ping was planning to take Ge Yuhan to the Pill God Valley, someone suddenly came to report that there was a girl at the door looking for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was very surprised, not understanding how a girl could be looking for him.
When Chen Ping went out, he saw that it was Ge Jiayi!
After seeing Chen Ping, Ge Jiayi went straight to his hand and patted Chen Ping’s face, “Haven’t seen you for a few days, have you missed me?”
Ge Jiayi didn’t listen to Ge Fuhai’s advice at all!
Chen Ping stepped back slightly and said with some embarra*sment, “Miss Ge, what do you want to see me about?”
“It’s not that I’m looking for you, it’s that my father has asked you to go to the Ge family ……”
Ge Jiayi said.
Seeing that it was Ge Fuhai who was looking for him, there must be something going on, Chen Ping said, “Alright then, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping didn’t say anything else and directly opened the car door to get in.
With a smile, Ge Chia-Yi also followed and got into the car, and sat in the back row as well!
“Drive ……”
Ge Jiayi instructed the driver to drive, while she was close to Chen Ping.
This time, Chen Ping was a bit overwhelmed, with Ge Chia-Yi on his left and Ge Yu-Han on his right, he was sandwiched in the middle, not moving a muscle!
Just after the car had started, in the courtyard of the Long family, there was some indescribable sadness on Gu Ling’er’s face!
“I told you, Chen Ping is a dragon among men, there will be many girls who will like him in the future, if you follow him, you have to accept this reality ……”
At this time, Long Wu said indifferently beside Gu Ling’er.
Gu Ling’er squeezed out a smile, “Uncle Long, I can accept it, don’t worry ……”
…………
In the car!
Ge Jiayi was leaning against Chen Ping’s body to death!
Chen Ping didn’t dare to move a muscle because if he moved, he would touch Ge Jiayi’s body!
Looking at Chen Ping’s rigid appearance, Ge Jiayi laughed, “Are you afraid of me? You’ve seen my whole body, what can I do if I touch it?”
“I told you, I like you, I will use all means to pursue you ……”
After saying that, Ge Jiayi did not forget to glance at Ge Yuhan on the other side, and there were a few provocations in Ge Jiayi’s eyes!
Women are like that, even if Ge Yuhan’s gaze is dull as a wooden man at this moment, but Ge Jiayi still sees her as her competitor!
“Miss Ge, I know you like me, but I don’t want that right now, and I already have a girlfriend ……”
Chen Ping explained awkwardly.
“I said, I don’t care ah, it’s not like you only have one girlfriend now, still afraid of one more me?”
Ge Jiayi said, directly leaning her head on Chen Ping’s shoulder!
Chen Ping had no choice but to let Ge Jiayi lean on him, closing his eyes slightly and reciting the Clear Heart Mantra in his heart!
If he didn’t have the Clear Heart Mantra, Chen Ping really didn’t dare to guarantee that he would have bullied Ge Jiayi in the car.
After all, he was a man, a normal man!
But just as Chen Ping was meditating on the Clear Heart Mantra, he suddenly felt his right shoulder being leaned on as well.
Chen Ping opened his eyes and found that it was surprisingly Ge Yuhan. He only saw that Ge Yuhan’s gaze was still listless, but he had followed Ge Jiayi’s example and leaned his head on his shoulder.
This moment made Chen Ping’s heart a little surprised, if Ge Yu Han had emotions, then it proved that she was slowly recovering!
The driver who was driving the car, looking at Chen Ping surrounded by two beautiful women, and with a look of unrestrained life, had long been envious and jealous in his heart!