Dong Liqun’s face was white with anger and he was breathing heavily: “Rebel son, rebel son ……”
“Say something quickly, let the man go, if something happens to your son, no one will live ……”
Dong Jiahao’s mother shouted angrily towards Dong Liqun.
As a mother, she only wanted to see Dong Jiahao safe and sound, as for what realm, what cultivation, she did not care, all she cared about was her son.
“I ……”
Dong Liqun’s face was red, he knew that if he let Chen Ping go at this time, he would never have a chance in the future.
Perhaps, there would still be misfortune for the Dong family.
But if he didn’t let go, his own son and wife forced themselves, which made Dong Liqun very difficult.
“What do you want? Do you want me to run headlong into your face and die too?”
Dong Jiahao’s mother shouted angrily at Dong Liqun.
Dong Liqun was forced to close his eyes and waved his hand, “You go away ……”
Chen Ping gave Dong Jiahao a grateful glance and without saying anything, turned around and quickly left.
“Hey …………”
Looking at the wreckage all over the ground, Dong Liqun sighed helplessly.
This was really stealing a chicken and losing the rice.
At this moment, Dong Liqun was full of anger and had nowhere to vent it, he could not vent it towards his wife and children.
Now he could only vent his anger on the person who had sold him the Qi Control Pill.
Dong Liqun believed that the elixir was a fake, and that was why this situation had arisen.
Otherwise, Chen Ping would have tied his hands a long time ago and these things would not have happened later.
…………
After Chen Ping left from the Dong family, he dragged his tired body in the direction of the Pill God Valley.
He didn’t dare to stay in Kyoto, which he originally thought was calm and quiet, but after today’s incident, Chen Ping realized that his experience was still too shallow.
The seemingly calm martial arts world of Kyoto might have already been undercurrents, each one staring at him like a tiger, looking for a chance to kill him in one blow.
What Chen Ping had to do now was to return to the Pill God Valley and then have Long Wu take him to the Valley of the Evil Ones.
The most powerful card in Chen Ping’s hand right now was also the Valley of the Wicked.
If Chen Ping wanted to cultivate quietly, he had to have someone to protect him, and the four villains of the Valley of the Wicked were the most suitable.
But just as Chen Ping was rushing towards the Pill God Valley, several auras suddenly sped in his direction at a rapid pace.
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed and his face instantly changed.
“So fast? Could it be that the Dong Family’s people are catching up?”
Chen Ping secretly pondered, but his feet did not stop, and he kept speeding up.
Chen Ping was exhausted at the moment, the spiritual energy in his body had long since been depleted, even the power of the divine Dragon was almost depleted, and he had not had time to repair and replenish it.
Although he had the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map and the Demon Subduing Tower in his hand, both of them could help Chen Ping recover quickly.
But right now, Chen Ping could not stop for a single moment and had no chance to repair and replenish.
Several auras were getting closer and closer, and were still in an encircling stance towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that he could not run away, so he stopped himself and quickly adjusted his breathing and condition.
Since he could not run away, he would fight to the death.
Soon, several figures appeared, and they were getting closer and closer!
“Chen Ping, I didn’t expect us to meet so soon, you are deep enough in gloom, causing me this good search.”
Luo Xiang looked at Chen Ping with a fierce smile on his face and said slowly.
When Chen Ping saw that it was Luo Xiang, his heart was suddenly relieved.
As long as it wasn’t Dong Liqun catching up, this Ning Zhi was only at the peak of Martial Sect strength, Chen Ping would still have no problem dealing with Luo Xiang even if he was exhausted now.
“How dare you chase me from Xichuan to Kyoto, do you really consider the whole of Daxia as your home?”
“When I was in Xichuan, I didn’t fight you, but when I arrived here, with your strength, can you kill me?”
Chen Ping looked at Luo Xiang with disdain, his voice full of mockery.