The compa*s shone brightly, just by shining on the black shadows, they could be crushed in an instant!
The two old men that Leng Yun had brought with him, were both back-to-back, their bodies like the wind, swirling around quickly, creating a huge windstorm that blew away the black shadows!
However, the hall had been sealed off, so the dark air was blown away and gathered in other corners of the hall to form black shadows and attack again.
Tong Youzhu’s whole body was like a mutation and his wounds were covered with green blood and he was able to heal them very quickly!
Every punch he throws creates a hurricane that scatters the shadows!
But no matter how many black shadows they dispersed, in the end, the aura would gather again and turn into a black shadow!
Although these people could still control the situation for the time being, as time went on, they would eventually be exhausted!
“Mr. Chen, what should we do?”
Liu Rui’s forehead was already covered in sweat, with strands of hair sticking to her forehead!
Old Liu was also looking grave, obviously the huge exertion had overwhelmed him too!
Chen Ping was also very anxious and kept observing the situation, although this was a deadly formation, no matter what the formation was, there was a way to break it!
But the countless black shadows kept attacking, making it impossible for Chen Ping to calm down and investigate the formation!
Chen Ping wanted to ask Liu Rui and Lao Liu to help him block the attack while he quietly investigated, but there was no way for them to block so many black shadows!
At this point, Chen Ping could only turn to Leng Yun and Tong Youcai to join hands and create a quiet space for himself!
Although Chen Ping hated talking to Leng Yun, there was no other way out now!
Chen Ping moved closer to Leng Yun and Tong Youcai!
Then he said, “This is a deadly formation, we have to break it, otherwise we will all die here.”
“Nonsense, you don’t have to tell us, we know we have to break the formation, but how?”
After punching a black shadow away, Tong Youcai yelled at Chen Ping in a good-natured manner!
“Handsome Chen, do you have a way to break the deadly formation?”
Leng Yun asked as she looked at Chen Ping with affection.
“In order to break the Deadly Formation, we must first find the eye of the formation, and now I am trapped, there is no way to find the eye of the formation!”
“Now we need to work together, you guys help me block these black shadows and create a quiet space for me, so I can find the eye of the formation in peace!”
Chen Ping said as he followed Leng Yun and Tong Youcai.
“Okay, no problem!” Leng Yun agreed without hesitation!
But Tong Youcai shook his head and said, “Chen Ping, do you take us for fools? Let us block for you, and you’ll be left alone!”
“In the end, if we all die of exhaustion, then all the treasures in this relic will be yours, won’t they?”
“I’m not that stupid, you should do your own thing ……”
The first time I saw you, I was so happy.
But with Leng Yun’s promise, it was enough to hold off for a while!
Leng Yun and his men, together with Lao Liu and Liu Rui, surrounded Chen Ping, creating a safe and quiet space for him.
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly closed and his divine consciousness spread out instantly, the surging power of divine consciousness enveloped the whole hall.
Looking at Chen Ping like that, Tong Youcai snorted coldly, “Pretending, this is the Water Fairy Palace’s deadly array, how can it be so easy to break!”
As Chen Ping closed his eyes, his body began to move slowly, and as Chen Ping moved, the people around him began to move too, blocking the black shadows that rushed towards him! -As Chen Ping moved, the men around him began to move, blocking the black shadow for him!