Qian Xiu and the others thought the same way, so they didn’t care too much!
“Senior Brother Lu, why are we hiding from these guys?Let’s charge up and kill the Fire Spirit Beasts as well, and we can still trip them up.”
Someone asked to Lu San in disbelief!
“Stupid, the strength of this Fire Spirit Beasts are all manipulated by Senior Brother Liu, after we separate, Senior Brother Liu can make the Fire Spirit Beasts on our side weaker and make the Fire Spirit Beasts on their side stronger.”
“If you can’t see this point, I think you’d better roll back!”
Lu San said with a glare!
When the others heard this, they all laughed at once, feeling that they were able to use the back door!
“Senior Sister Qian, when that Lu San and the others saw us, they were so scared that they rolled to the side.”
“That’s right, they must be feeling that they can’t match us and are afraid of losing face!”
“Hahaha, I didn’t expect them to have their day.”
Seeing Lu San and the others go to the side, all these cultivators from the Old Sect Master’s lineage all flirted!
However, Qian Xiu frowned slightly, as if she had some bad premonitions!
“Don’t talk about it, all hurry up and kill the fire spirit beasts, then quickly pass this level!”
Qian Xiu reminded!
“Alright ……”
The cultivators replied!
However, when these people were following the Fire Spirit Beasts, it was only then that they realised that the Fire Spirit Beasts, which were clearly very good at decapitating just now, had all become much more powerful at this moment!
“What’s going on here?How come the fire spirit beasts have suddenly become powerful?”
“That’s right, it was easy just now.”
The crowd all said in disbelief one after another!
Chen Ping could also feel that this Fire Spirit Beast had suddenly boosted its strength!
However, the little bit of strength that had been raised was of no significance at all to Chen Ping, but it was not easy for the other cultivators!
After half a day, the crowd was not able to kill a Fire Spirit Beast, and instead, they were made to be in a great mess by the Fire Spirit Beast!
Lu San and the others were easily killing the Fire Spirit Beast, and when they saw Qian Xiu and their side, being in a great mess by the Fire Spirit Beast, Lu San and the others all laughed!
“Senior sister, this Fire Spirit Beast is thought to have been manipulated to raise its difficulty, now let’s take the people to mingle with Lu San and the others.”
“Wherever they go, we will go, the Fire Spirit Beast on their side must be simple.”
Chen Ping found out what the problem was the first time!
Lu San took the people to the other side, not because he was afraid of them, but he deliberately separated them, just to trip them up!
Qian Xiu glanced at Lu San and the others, only to see that these people were killing the Qi Fire Spirit Beasts not too easily!
“Damn, it must be that Liu Sh*tong who messed up, as the main examiner of the test, he even showed favouritism and cheated.”
Qian Xiu cursed, then led his men towards Lu San and the others!
It was all about killing Fire Spirit Beasts anyway, as long as they killed enough for a hundred heads!
It’s not like they were separated in what they killed!
Lu San saw that Qian Xiu had brought people over and wanted to follow Qian Xiu and the others to distance themselves!
But wherever they went, Qian Xiu led his men!
“Qian Xiu, do you want to be shameless, how come you lead people wherever we go?”
Lu San got anxious and rebuked loudly at Qian Xiu!
“Lu San, the shameless ones are you, and that Liu Sh*tong, don’t think that we can’t find out about your favouritism.”
“Anyway, for this level of the test, killing enough fire spirit beasts is enough, so what do you care where I kill them.”
Qian Xiu finished speaking, then shouted, “Senior brothers, quickly chop down the fire spirit beasts and pass this level!”
The crowd began to chop away recklessly!
Lu San could only be dryly angry and could do nothing at all.
Chen Ping quietly watched from the side as he had long ago decimated a hundred Fire Spirit Beasts!
Along with the end of the time for this level, Chen Ping and the rest of them all completed the assessment and killed a hundred fire spirit beasts, but it was the people that Lu San brought with him, who surprisingly had a few people who did not complete the assessment!