“Chen Ping, the treasures within the remains of this Water Fairy Palace are not yours, on what basis are you qualified to distribute them?”
“Besides, you should know that my Heavenly Thunder Sect has the most people, we have contributed the most, if there was no us to attract those black shadows, you would have been dead by now!”
Tong Youcai looked at Chen Ping with great dissatisfaction and said.
“What do you mean?” Chen Ping asked.
“I don’t mean anything. I have to have one of these three gems.”
Tong Youcai had an overbearing attitude, it was not like asking for gems, it was obviously a threat!
Chen Ping looked at Tong Youcai like that and sneered!
Liu Rui frowned: “Tong Youcai, do you want to lose face? Just now Mr. Chen asked you to cooperate with him, and you refused to do so.
“What did your parents teach you? Did they teach you to be shameless?”
Liu Rui should have been furious, so her words were very sharp!
“What did you say?” Tong Youcai seemed to have been poked at a sore spot, his face was furious and his aura began to rise!
“What? Am I wrong? If you had helped out just now, you wouldn’t have to shamelessly come over here and ask for the jewels!”
“Mr. Chen broke the eye of the formation and saved us all, even if you don’t thank him, you even came here to ask for the gems, shameless ……”
The more Liu Rui said, the angrier she became, she cursed at Tong Youcai, not afraid of him at all!
“You want to die ……”
Tong Youcai was furious and slapped Liu Rui with his palm!
Liu Rui was no match for Tong Youcai, but she didn’t panic in the face of Tong Youcai’s attack!
Just as Tong Youcai was making his move, Leng Yun stepped in!
Leng Yun directly grabbed Tong Youcai’s wrist and said indifferently, “Tong Youcai, I think Rui’er was right, you were given the chance to join hands with us just now, but you didn’t agree!”
“Now you want to take away what we’ve worked so hard to get, is that such a good thing?”
“If you think you have more people and are stronger, you might as well try it.
Leng Yun’s words made Tong Youcai feel jealous, so he could only withdraw his hand, although he was reluctant, he did not say anything else!
If it was just Chen Ping and the three of them, Tong Youcai would have no fear at all, but with the addition of Leng Yun, Tong Youcai would not be sure!
Not to mention that he didn’t want to get into a conflict with the Flying Stars, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to explain himself when he got out!
After a short pause, the group continued to walk through the tunnel and backwards!
As they went deeper and deeper, Chen Ping began to feel the aura of the rejuvenation spring.
It looked like the rejuvenating spring should have come from this ruin.
After walking for some distance, a naturally formed arch-shaped stone gate appeared, which was thick and heavy, with many chisel marks on the upper surface.
On the upper side of the stone gate, the three characters of the Water Fairy Palace are still clearly visible, even after hundreds of years, everything is still intact!
“What a strange clan, why did they build the gate in this place? Is it possible that the hall we entered in front of us is not the Water Fairy Palace?”
Liu Rui looked at the stone door and asked with some curiosity.
“The hall we entered is also part of the Water Immortal Palace, but it’s not really the Water Immortal Palace, it’s the front hall of the clan.
“These people would not be allowed to enter the sect, in order to prevent the secrets of the sect from being discovered.”
“There are still sects of this design, so it’s not that strange!”
Leng Yun explained to Liu Rui!