Chen Ping froze for a moment, his face chilled, his entire aura changed as if he was a ghost, staring at Chen Baoqiang with a deadly stare, “What did you say? Say it again if you have the guts!”
Looking at Chen Ping’s eyes, Chen Baoqiang was taken aback, but still reacted and said in annoyance, “You are a f*cking wild child, not my Chen family …………”
Wow …………
“Chen Baoqiang, shut up!”
Chen Baoguo slammed his cup, his face red with anger as he stared at Chen Baoqiang, his body trembling slightly, “Say one more word for me, one more word from you …………”
Seeing Chen Baoguo’s appearance, Chen Baoqiang was so frightened that he hurriedly shut his mouth and sat back down again!
Although he now despises Chen Baoguo’s family, but Chen Baoguo is angry, the authority of the big brother is still there!
At this moment, no one was speaking in the entire compartment, and Chen Ping’s rushing killing intent filled the entire compartment!
If the other party was not his second uncle, he would have become a corpse by now!
“Chen Ping, your second uncle is angry and confused, talking nonsense, sit down quickly ……”
Tang Hongying hurriedly pulled Chen Ping and made him sit back down!
Chen Baoguo, on the other hand, sighed, relit himself a cigarette and smoked one after another!
Soon, the dishes were brought to the table, a large table full of dishes, and afterwards there were even two bottles of limited edition Maotai wine!
This was a shock to the crowd and they all looked at each other in disbelief, because no one had ordered white wine, so how could they serve it?
“Waiter, is this white wine being served wrong?”
Chen straightly called out to the waiter and asked.
“No, this was specially ordered by Master Tiger to be delivered to this box!”
The waiter said politely.
Once they heard that it was from Lin Tianhu, the crowd was even more confused, although Chen Baoqiang was a director, with this position, Lin Tianhu wouldn’t even look at it, how could he possibly send two bottles of such precious wine!
“It’s still my aunt who has face, even Master Tiger has personally ordered two bottles of good wine to be sent!”
Li Shuzhen spoke up at this time.
When Li Shuzhen said this, everyone’s eyes went to Li Lei, because of all these people sitting here, only Li Lei was the one who was most likely to have a relationship with Lin Tianhu!
After all, Li Lei’s father was a director, so it was normal for him to have some friendship with Lin Tianhu!
“Little Lei, I didn’t expect you to know Lin Tianhu, these two bottles of wine are not cheap, it seems that Master Tiger has given you face!”
Chen Baoqiang also said full of surprise!
“Oh …………” Li Lei laughed dryly, “Dad, mum, I only had a few meals with that Lin Tianhu, I didn’t expect him to know I’m here, so dignified, and even gave two bottles of wine!”
“Brother-in-law, you’re really something, you even know someone like Master Tiger, then I’ll be able to walk around Hongcheng again, see who dares to disrespect me!”
That Chen Zhi was also full of excitement, his brother-in-law knew Lin Tianhu, then no one would dare to bully him in Hongcheng in the future!
Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying looked at this family talking and laughing, a trace of envy flashed across their eyes!
Only Chen Ping sat expressionlessly, he knew that this wine was not given to Li Lei by Lin Tianhu, but he didn’t reveal it, he was still thinking about what Chen Baoqiang had just said!
Chen Ping couldn’t believe it, did he really pick it up?
At this moment, he recalled the scene inside the prison when Old Dragon Head took his hand and took his pulse!
At that time, Old Dragon Head had said that he had dragon blood in him and was definitely not a child of an ordinary family.
But Chen Ping knew that his parents were just ordinary people, so he didn’t care about what Old Leader said!
But at this moment, Chen Ping began to have doubts about his origins, because that Chen Baoqiang would not talk nonsense for no reason, and Chen Ping’s heart began to be a little confused.