And at that moment, Old Three and Old Four looked at each other, and the killing intent in the two men’s eyes suddenly showed!
Taking advantage of Chen Ping’s inattention, the two men fiercely struck out towards Chen Ping.
One left and one right, slapping Chen Ping’s back fiercely!
After winning, the two men dared not linger and turned around and ran outside.
Chen Ping staggered, his internal organs tumbled and his eyes were filled with killing intent!
Chen Ping rushed out with a single bounding step. Looking at the two men who had fled, Chen Ping swung out two fists with great force.
Two fist winds shot out like cannonballs.
They hit the two fleeing men directly, instantly blowing a big hole in their chests from behind!
Pfft, pfft …………
The two men instantly fell to the ground, their eyes wide open, not breathing!
Chen Ping didn’t even glance at the two dead men, but looked around and suddenly roared, “Zhu Zhishan, you old man, come out, come out ……”
Chen Ping roared with all his might, but not a single echo could be heard, and no one paid any attention to him, as if the entire Martial Alliance had left.
Finally, Chen Ping left the Martial Arts Union despondently, and as he left, he looked back at the fake mountain!
“Yu Qi, don’t worry, I will come to save you, I will ……”
Chen Ping walked helplessly down the streets of Kyoto!
He desperately pounded his way to Wuhou, but what was the use?
He couldn’t even open a single gate, let alone get Su Yuqi out.
Unknowingly, Chen Ping walked inside the alleyway aside the Martial Alliance. The last time he saw Su Yuqi was when that Ning Zhi used a spatial magic weapon to bring him inside the dungeon of the Martial Alliance.
Thinking of this, Chen Ping suddenly lit up. He couldn’t get in through the gate, but he could use the spatial magic weapon to enter the dungeon and rescue Su Yuqi.
But where to find the spatial magic weapon?
Chen Ping was once again in deep thought, now he knew that Ning Zhi had a spatial magic weapon in his hand, if he could find Ning Zhi, kill him and get Ning Zhi’s spatial magic weapon, he would be able to.
But where was Ning Zhi? Chen Ping knew nothing, and how could he go and rob Ning Zhi’s spatial magic weapon.
Just when Chen Ping was a little overwhelmed, Zhao Wuji unexpectedly came looking for him.
“Mr. Chen, you are really here, it seems that Mr. Shi guessed correctly!”
Zhao Wuji said with surprise after seeing Chen Ping.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, what do you want to see me about?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“Mr. Chen, Mr. Shi has invited me to come here to invite you, I didn’t expect you to be here, Mr. Shi is really good at anticipating things!”
Zhao Wuji explained.
“Mr. Shi invited me?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he had killed Ning Hai and refuted Mr. Shi’s face in public, Chen Ping did not know what Mr. Shi suddenly wanted to see him about.
But no matter what it was, Chen Ping was still grateful to Mr. Shi, so he followed Zhao Wuji to the Dharma Protector’s Pavilion!
When he walked into the hall of the Dharma Protector’s Pavilion, Chen Ping found Mr Shi sitting on the main seat.
Every time Chen Ping saw Mr Shi, he had a very peculiar feeling.
He had tried many times to find out what kind of strength this Mr. Shi had by relying on his breath, but every time, he had come back with no success!
Because at a glance, Mr. Shi looked like an ordinary person, without the slightest aura on his body.
Although there was no aura flowing from his body, every time Chen Ping saw Mr. Shi, he had a deep sense of awe.
In front of Mr. Shi, Chen Ping actually had a few moments of timidity in his heart!
“Take a seat ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had come, Mr. Shi said indifferently.
Chen Ping nodded, then sat down to the side!
“After breaking into the Martial Alliance today, did you find anything and feel anything?”
Mr Shi asked slowly.
Chen Ping pondered for a moment and said, “I found that that Martial Alliance actually followed the collusion of evil cultivators, and now I am afraid that there are still many evil cultivators hidden within the Martial Alliance!”