It was as if he had already known where the immortal herbs were.
A dozen types of immortal herbs, Chen Ping had not even used ten minutes to find them in this patch of flowers and grasses!
Chen Ping used this to show it to the crowd!
After looking at the dozen types of immortal herbs in Chen Ping’s hand and finding them completely without any errors, all the pharmacists were stunned!
Even that Pill Exalt frowned, his expression becoming somewhat unnatural!
“Holy sh*t, what is this …… this, cheating, right?”
“What to think, how to cheat in the middle of this illusionary array, but this is too outrageous.”
“I didn’t expect, this chap really has some skills, no wonder he dared to follow Pill Zun to call the shots.”
The crowd stared at Chen Ping in the Illusion Formation with wide eyes, their jaws dropping in shock!
Chen Ping slowly walked out of the illusion formation and smiled faintly towards the still somewhat shocked Pill Exalted and said “Now am I qualified to compete with you?”
The muscles on Pillfather’s face jumped a few times, then he snorted coldly and said, “Okay, I’ll compete with you, but do I need to have some bets before I do?”
“What do you want to bet?” Chen Ping asked!
“Bet on your life!” The Pillfather’s face was full of scorn!
Chen Ping dared to challenge his majesty in front of many pill masters, the Pill Exalted must not let him go!
Upon hearing about betting on his life, Ji Cheng panicked a little and wanted to say something, but was stopped by Chen Ping waving his hand!
The other pill masters all sucked in a breath of cold air, not expecting the Pillfather to play so hard to get, but to bet on his life!
The crowd all looked at Chen Ping, wanting to know whether they dared to bet or not!
“No problem, if you win, you can take my life as you please.”
Chen Ping said without a care in the world!
“That’s what you said, so many people can testify, so let’s start the competition!”
Pill Dignitary’s eyes were glowing and his face was brimming with confidence!
“Wait, what if you lose?” Chen Ping asked!
“It is impossible for me to lose.” Pill Dignity said with incomparable confidence!
“What if you lose? I can’t let me pay for the bet myself, right?” Chen Ping asked as he stared at the Pill Dignitary dead on!
“If I lose, the conditions are whatever you want.”
Pill Dignity said!
“Fine, if you lose, I don’t want your life either, I just want this mansion of yours and all the Immortal Herbs inside.”
Chen Ping swept a glance at the opulent mansion and said!
The Pill Dignitary was slightly stunned and did not immediately agree to Chen Ping!
“What? You don’t dare to agree, afraid that you will lose?”
“I even dare to gamble with my life, you don’t dare with this crap?”
“If you don’t dare, you directly concede, I’ll take what I need and leave, this mansion will still be yours, and you’ll still be the sought after Pillfather.”
“And you continue to play with those beautiful female pill masters that you have bewitched ……”
Chen Ping’s words were filled with mockery!
“Nonsense, who said I don’t dare, I lose, all of it will be given to you.”
The Pill Dignitary said in annoyance!
“Well then, than what you say, I will accompany you!”
Chen Ping made a gentlemanly gesture of invitation!
Seeing Chen Ping being so arrogant, Pill Dignitary also did not want any more poise, gritting his teeth, he said “We as Pill Masters, the thing that best reflects our strength is refining pills, let’s refine the same kind of pills now, and see who can refine it fast and well!”
“No problem, what kind of elixir to refine?”
Chen Ping asked!
Only to see Pill Dignity pull out a porcelain bottle from his pocket, pouring out a pill from it, “Then we will compare, refining this Jade Clear Dan ……”
Seeing that Pill Honour wanted to refine the Jade Clear Pill than, the many pharmacists were suddenly in an uproar!
“This Jade Clear Pill is Pillfather’s claim to fame, if we compare like this, it’s a bit unfair, right?”
“Pillfather is really in a hurry, this kind of thing is all done.”
“Using his most skilful elixir to compare with others is indeed unseemly.”
The crowd scoffed a little at Pillfather’s approach, but they only dared to say it secretly, not daring to openly question it!