It is true that the path to immortality is a hundred times stronger than the practice of martial arts, but there is just one thing that is too costly …………
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re getting into.
Although it was only a level up, the strength would increase exponentially. The Qi Refining Stage and the Foundation Establishment Stage could be considered as the difference between clouds and mud, and only when one stepped into the Foundation Establishment Stage would one be considered a true immortal cultivator, or what the world calls an immortal!
“Looks like I’ll have to try to break through!”
Chen Ping thought and got up to call Lin Tianhu, breaking through to the Foundation Establishment stage was not something that could be accomplished in a moment, it would probably take several days.
And during these few days of his breakthrough, he absolutely could not let anyone disturb him, these few days were also his most vulnerable time, if an enemy came to his door, Chen Ping was afraid that he would be powerless to fight back, so he had to explain Lin Tianhu to protect himself before he could do so.
“Mr. Chen, don’t worry, even if I lose my life, Lin Tianhu will not allow anyone to disturb you!”
Lin Tianhu said with conviction.
“If you have any trouble, you can ask Red Phoenix for help, I’m counting on you these days!”
Chen Ping patted Lin Tianhu’s shoulder.
After following Lin Tianhu’s explanation, Chen Ping gave Su Yuqi a call and told her to follow Gu Ling’er to have some fun in the provincial city these few days, he had some things to do.
Su Yuqi was very understanding and didn’t ask too many questions, she just urged Chen Ping to be safe!
After explaining everything, Chen Ping locked himself inside his room, a faint flame emerged from his hands, and waved violently towards, the flame wrapped around those medicinal herbs, Chen Ping had to refine the Gathering Spirit Pill first, and then eat the Gathering Spirit Sky before he could start his breakthrough!
It took him a day and a night to refine the herbs into a Spirit Gathering Pill. Chen Ping did not hesitate in the slightest, and after swallowing it, he felt the Spiritual Qi inside his body instantly surge out.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was surrounded by a whirlwind of qi, and even the area around his house was wrapped in a faint white mist!
Lin Tianhu, who was watching from the outside, looked at the house wrapped in the mist and could not help but gasp in awe!
Just as Chen Ping fell into a breakthrough, thousands of kilometres away in the Xuan Yue Valley in the southwest, seven or eight people were sitting in a hall, led by a man dressed in a long robe and wearing a bra*s mask, it was impossible to tell whether this man was a man or a woman, old or young!
This man was Qian Feng, the valley master of Xuan Yue Valley, and no one knew his true identity.
“Valley Master, that old brat Bu Confusion has been gone for a few days now, and we have not been able to contact him, so it’s not possible that this guy has run off on his own with the medicinal materials given to our Xuan Yue Valley, right?”
One of them spoke up and said.
“Impossible, he wouldn’t dare to give him a few guts, although that guy Bu Confusion is horny, he doesn’t have the guts to betray the valley master yet!”
Someone started to retort!
“Then why has there been no contact?”
After such a question, the scene instantly fell into silence, as no one had any explanation.
“Bu Confusion is dead ……”
The leader, Qian Feng, spoke up and took out a centipede that was more than ten centimeters long from a black clay pot on the side, which was dark and looked very frightening, except that this one was dead at this moment!
“Bu confusion’s compulsion is dead, proving that he is no longer in the world either ……” Qian Feng threw the centipede to the ground and said indifferently.
In the Xuan Yue Valley, everyone has a compulsion, the compulsion is in pairs, one male and one female, the female compulsion will be put into the person’s body, and the male compulsion will be adopted in Qian Feng’s black clay jar, because this compulsion as long as one dies, the other one will also die together, no matter where it is, so Qian Feng uses this way to control the entire Xuan Yue Valley people!