Hongcheng Antique Street!
This is the biggest antique street in the whole of Jiangbei, and many antique lovers come here to buy things, with stalls on both sides of the street, displaying all kinds of gold, silver, jade, copper coins, calligraphy and paintings, etc.!
There is almost nothing you can’t buy in this place, but the authenticity of the items depends on your own skills, even the most knowledgeable experts here can be fooled, this place is so strong in counterfeiting!
All things are half genuine and half fake, whether you can find a treasure or not depends on your strength and luck!
Chen Ping had never been to a place like this before, and now he felt a little curious when he looked at the dazzling array of things!
Seeing Chen Ping’s appearance, many of the stall owners had a happy look on their faces, this was obviously a young man, a first time visitor, such a person was the best to cheat!
“Little brother, what do you want? I have everything here, and I guarantee that it’s all genuine!”
A fat, greasy stall owner pulled Chen Ping with an enthusiastic smile on his face, and then whispered in Chen Ping’s ear, “I’m telling you, I dug all these things out of the ground, they are thousands of years old, if you buy them in your hands, the price will be doubled!”
Chen Ping swept a glance at the fat stall owner’s stall, which was only two metres long, and there were a dozen items scattered about, all of which looked very old, with some of the bronze items covered in patina!
Seeing Chen Ping looking at his stall, the fat stall owner became even more enthusiastic: “Little brother, take your pick and see which pieces you like. I’m in a hurry to sell these things because I have a sick person at home, otherwise I wouldn’t sell them!”
Chen Ping did not pay attention to the stall owner, but knelt down and picked up a rusty iron lump, carefully examining it.
Because all these things in front of him were dead, only this unimpressive iron lump actually emitted a hint of spiritual energy inside!
“Little brother, you really have a good eye, this is a guard’s waist plate from the Qing Dynasty, only that it was soaked in water underground and is now rusted into an iron lump, but it is still an item from within the imperial palace anyway, if you like it, I’ll sell it to you for 10,000 yuan!”
When the fat stall owner saw Chen Ping holding the iron lump and looking at it, he immediately introduced it with enthusiasm!
“This fat b*****d, I’m afraid he’s going to make a fortune again, I don’t know where he picked up the broken iron lump, but he dares to ask for 10,000!”
“This kind of rash young man, who knows nothing, is best cheated, this time in the hands of the fat man, will definitely be slaughtered!”
The surrounding vendors mingled and whispered, their eyes casting envious glances at the fat stall owner.
“Still, it’s really good stuff!”
Chen Ping nodded as he held the lump of iron, feeling more and more filled with spiritual energy!
Upon hearing this, the fat stall owner snickered, then said in a serious manner, “That’s for sure, I have all good things here, I never cheat people, if it wasn’t for my family being sick, I wouldn’t sell it for 10,000 yuan, it’s all my heart and soul ……”
The fat stall owner said, his eyes were red, and a few tears actually flowed out!
Chen Ping looked at the fat stall owner’s poor acting skills and coldly laughed inwardly.
“10,000, I’ll take it, I’ll transfer the money to you!”
Chen Ping didn’t hesitate and took out his mobile phone and prepared to transfer the money!
When the fat stall owner heard this, he was immediately happy and took the QR code and said, “Little brother is really a quick person, but there is one thing old brother can say clearly, we don’t return this thing after it has pa*sed, you can’t come back to me later to return it, then I won’t return it!”
“Don’t worry, since I bought it, I won’t return it, if I hit my eye, I’ll admit my own bad luck!”
Chen Ping smiled and swept over 10,000 yuan directly to the fat stall owner!
Hearing the news that the money had arrived, the fat stall owner’s voice came out in laughter.