Seeing that both Bai Xiushan and Zhao Wuji were silent, that Qin Xiaolin became even more complacent, as well as that Qin Xiaotian, who immediately said with a rampant look on his face, “If you kowtow before my big brother now and submit to our Qin family, maybe my big brother can forgive your ignorance, and when this brat Chen Ping dies later, I’ll see who else you pawns will go and find to be your backers… …”
Bai Xiushan and Zhao Wuji’s faces were ugly as they glared fiercely at that Qin Xiaotian, and although they were upset in their hearts, they didn’t say anything.
Now they only hoped that Chen Ping could win that Qin Xiaolin, as long as Chen Ping won, then the Qin family would in no way be a threat, and the Qin family’s status in Kyoto would also be in ruins ……
“If your Qin family only knows how to fight, I think this match is completely unnecessary, because I don’t like to follow people who only talk farts ……”
Chen Ping said as he coldly swept the Qin family brothers away.
“Chen Ping, you f*cking …………”
Qin Xiaotian was furious and was about to charge towards Chen Ping, now that Qin Xiaolin was sitting down, he was not afraid of Chen Ping anymore.
“Xiaotian ……”
Qin Xiaolin coldly shouted, Qin Xiaotian instantly stopped his body shape.
“Kid, there is one hour left until noon, and you only have one hour to live, if you have any last words, say them quickly, when you get to the top of the ring, you won’t have another chance to live ……”
Qin Xiaolin glanced at Chen Ping, and after he finished speaking, he relied on his seat and rested with his eyes slightly closed.
Chen Ping also found a seat and sat down, quietly waiting for the time to come.
…………
At this moment, the entire stadium was filled with many people, these were all people from the martial arts world, at least the strength of a Zong Shi, among them there were many high level people like Xu Changsheng from the Medicine God Valley and Dragon Five.
But most of them came here in admiration, such as this kind of life and death fights, in the martial arts world has rarely held, not to mention Qin Xiaolin is also a martial arts sect strength expert, many people update to see, martial arts sect strength is really how perverted, most people have never seen martial arts sect to fight.
“I heard that this Chen Ping is only in his twenties, how can he be so young and dare to take Qin Xiaolin’s challenge?”
“No, isn’t this an egg against a stone? I think this bout will take a minute at most, even that Chen Ping won’t even last a minute ……”
“How is it possible, I have heard that Chen Ping is not weak, at least above the fifth grade of Grand Master, such a young man has become a Grand Master, this is a genius ……”
“What’s the use of genius? He will still die in the ring ……”
The crowd lamented for a while, although they had never met Chen Ping, but it is not easy to produce a genius in the martial arts world.
When the sun was high in the sky, the hot sun made everyone sweat, but none of them left because the fight was about to start.
In the closest position to the ring, Xu Changsheng and Yu Dong were sitting in the first row, quietly waiting for the bout to begin.
“Grand Elder, do you think that Chen Ping will be able to defeat Qin Xiaolin? If he can’t even resist a single move and dies tragically at Qin Xiaolin’s hands, won’t the pills be a waste and we won’t know where he put them.”
Yu Dong asked in a small voice to Xu Changsheng.
“Don’t worry, that Chen Ping can’t be defeated that quickly, but there is no chance of him winning at all, in a pinch, I might step in to save ……”
Xu Changsheng said.
“Grand Elder, in that case, then we would have offended the Qin family, and if that Chen Ping still doesn’t give us the elixir then wouldn’t we be at a big loss? We might as well just grab it last night, no one will see it anyway, one way or the other ……”
Yu Dong said with a ruthless face.
Xu Changsheng turned his head and gave that Yu Dong a fierce glare and didn’t say anything.