Anna pulled Chen Ping along, happily wandering about, with Andrew and Fan Jiang following close behind!
“Chen Ping, do you have anything else to do apart from coming here for a tour?”
Suddenly, Anna asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping froze, then shook his head, “What business could I have.”
“Could it be that you didn’t come for that relic?”
Anna looked at Chen Ping with a slightly playful look, as if she wanted to look into Chen Ping’s heart.
When Chen Ping heard that, he smiled awkwardly and did not say anything, but looking at Chen Ping’s expression, Anna understood.
“Actually, I came here for the relics, otherwise I wouldn’t have come to this small place to travel.”
Anna said.
“You’re here for the relics too? With just the two of you?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, after all, Anna didn’t have much strength, and that Andrew had only just reached the strength of a Martial Marquis!
How could such strength go to explore the relics?
Wouldn’t that be a death wish?
Seeing Chen Ping say this, the smile on Anna’s face instantly disappeared and was replaced by a touch of sadness!
Chen Ping didn’t know what he had said wrong and looked a bit at a loss for words!
“I heard that there was a Pill King in that relic, so I found that Pill King to save my father ……”
Anna bit her lip and said softly.
When Chen Ping heard this, he hurriedly asked, “What happened to your father? Is he sick?”
Anna shook her head, “No, my father was poisoned, and I heard that only the Medicine King in this relic could save him ……”
“Poisoned?” Chen Ping was astonished, he had to know that Anna’s father was a duke, who would dare to poison a duke of a country?
“Someone was spying on my father’s dukedom, so they wanted to get him killed to get that dukedom.”
Anna could see Chen Ping’s confusion, so she hurriedly said.
“Who is so bold?”
Chen Ping asked.
Anna looked at Chen Ping and said with a serious face, “Who do you think could get my father’s dukedom after he died?”
Anna’s words instantly dawned on Chen Ping!
“Could it be your brother or younger brother?”
Chen Ping was filled with surprise, for only his own son could inherit his father’s dukedom!
But to poison his own father to death just to get the dukedom, that was too inhuman!
But when he thought about that Long Jingguo, who had poisoned his own father to death just to get the position of the head of the Long Family, not to mention the position of the Duke of a country, this position was even more tempting!
When he thought of this, Chen Ping felt a bit emotional, they say that there are no fathers and sons within the deep palace, it seems to be true that way, all of them have thrown away their kinship for the sake of power!
“I only suspect my brother now, but there is no proof, when I find the Medicine King and wake up my father, I will be able to know who poisoned him.”
Anna had a look of determination in her eyes!
“Are you that sure you can find the Pill King?”
Although Chen Ping admired Anna’s courage, courage did not mean strength.
This kind of relic was not something that could be explored by any kind of strength.
“Even if I have to die, I will still give it a try ……”
Anna looked like she had made up her mind.
Just like that, Chen Ping followed Anna as she walked and chatted, unknowingly walking out of the busy market and into a sparsely populated area!
As far as the eye could see, it was white, and some people could be seen pulling sleds with dogs, cheering and swimming!
“Your Highness, we need to go back, it’s not safe here ……”
Andrew looked around for a moment and then said to Anna with a wary face.
Seeing that expression on Andrew’s face, Anna also looked a little nervous, “Andrew, are you sensing something?”
Andrew, as a bear man, had a degree of perception beyond that of a normal human and was able to sense the presence of danger in advance!
Andrew nodded, and then shielded himself in front of Anna.
“What? Someone wants to kill you guys?”
Chen Ping said with a frown.