“Of course, I promise, if the master asks, now let me do it all ……”
Mieko looked at Pocky Hu with affection and raised one hand in a*surance.
Mieko could tell that Hu Ma Zi was a very horny man!
When the two were fighting, Hu Ma Zi’s eyes were not honest!
And with that slap just now, it looked like Hu Ma Zi had intended to hit her breast too!
That’s why Mieko had thrown a pleading glance at Hu Ma Zi, but now that she saw Hu Ma Zi’s lustful expression, Mieko felt she’d bet right!
“Very well, I like such obedient women the most ……”
Hu Ma Zi smiled and gently stroked Mieko’s face while Mieko made a shy face, like an untouched young girl!
That look of Mieko’s almost made Yumiko, who was looking aside, vomit.
In the whole island, who didn’t know what kind of person Mieko was, a beauty snake and scorpion, but now she was pretending to be an innocent girl.
“Since you’re so obedient, how about I ask you to die now?”
Hu Ma Zi looked at Miezi and said playfully.
Mieko froze, her eyes shining through with horror, but before she could react!
Only to see Hu Ma Zi’s hand, which was originally stroking her face, suddenly slap the top of her head viciously!
Poof ……
With this slap, Miezi’s head instantly exploded like a watermelon, spewing a mist of blood in the air!
This sudden scene caused everyone to freeze!
“A stinky woman, trying to seduce me too, you really think I’m a rag collector, is old me that tasteless?”
Hu Ma Zi wiped his hands and spat viciously at Miezi’s corpse!
Yuko’s heart trembled, she really couldn’t understand, Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi, these two people who came with her on the plane, what kind of personalities were these!
Such casual indifference to killing, and with brutal methods, simply followed the image of the two men completely!
“Watanabe Fumio, the festival of the Chizuru Shrine, when will it be held?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Back to master, it will be held tomorrow.”
Watanabe Fumio hurriedly said.
“Well then, tomorrow I’ll take a trip to that shrine and meet your island gods ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“The master is the real god, all others are just fake gods ……”
Watanabe Fumio hurriedly bragged to Chen Ping!
………………
Inside Chizuru Shrine!
Ono Koichi was sitting in the room, while outside the shrine was busy!
The tall altar has been erected, not to mention the many stands set up, and tomorrow is the day of their Chizuru Shrine rituals!
Every shrine in the island takes the day of their own priestly festival very seriously!
You know that a shrine depends on its followers to grow, and the festival is the time to showcase the shrine, and if it’s held well, you can recruit a lot more followers!
And the number of believers represents the influence of the shrine in the island!
“Hmph, tomorrow is the day of the ritual ceremony, how come there is no news at all from both Tanaka Maki and Mieko.”
Ono Hiromichi frowned slightly!
“Regardless of whether there is any news of the two of them or not, there is absolutely no room for error in tomorrow’s ritual ceremony ……”
At this time, from behind Ono Hiroshi, an old man came out, the same one who followed Ono Hiroshi and Tanaka Maki and sat with them a few days ago!
“Gods, I will definitely make this ritual ceremony a success.”
Ono Hiromichi saw this and hurriedly fell to his knees.
No one but Koichi Ono knew that this old man was the incarnation of the gods!
“En, when I recover the power of the divine realm, I will also help you break through.”
The old man said indifferently.
“Many thanks to the gods ……”
Ono Koichi knelt on the ground, not daring to raise his head!
It was only when he felt the gods leave that he slowly got up, his forehead already covered in cold sweat!
Ono Hiromichi prayed, praying that tomorrow’s ritual ceremony would be a success.