Pill Cauldron Mountain, halfway up the mountain!
Chen Ping brought Liu Ruyan and the girls to continue climbing towards the top of the mountain!
On the way, they also sparsely ran into quite a few pill masters, most of them recognised Chen Ping and followed him to greet them!
However, Chen Ping did not say anything about Su Tianshuo!
After all, Chen Ping didn’t know if these pharmacists were Su Tianshuo’s people, and even if they weren’t Su Tianshuo’s people, the other party wouldn’t necessarily believe it if Chen Ping said it!
Right now, Chen Ping had to hurry to find Chen Wenliang and also Zhen Yuandao and the others, the only way to do so was to make these people believe it, and then slowly spread the news out!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I’ve been looking for you all the way, why are you so slow?”
Just as Chen Ping was heading towards the top of the mountain, Chen Wenliang called out to him!
“President Chen, I was delayed by something, so I was a little late entering the mountain!”
Chen Ping was relieved to see Chen Wenliang!
Now that he ran into Chen Wenliang, he could tell him about Su Tianshuo’s plot first.
“No wonder, I didn’t see you along the way.”After Chen Wenliang finished speaking, he saw the siblings Nie Lei and Nie Hong and said with some curiosity, “The two of you even followed Daoist Chen, I even sent someone to look for the two of you.”
“This Pill Cauldron Mountain isn’t safe, with your two’s strength, don’t run around!”
“Understood, President!”The siblings, Nie Lei and Nie Hong, were filled with embarrassment and shame!
Just now, they had said that they were at the bottom of the Central Region Apothecary Guild and that no one paid any attention to them, and now Chen Wenliang had not only remembered them, but had also sent someone to specifically look for their siblings, so it was evident that he was not too bad for the two of them!
“President Chen, I have something to tell you, follow me!”
Chen Ping called Chen Wenliang to a hidden place!
After all, Chen Wenliang also had quite a few pharmacists with him, and Chen Ping didn’t know if there were any in there that followed Su Tianshuo’s collusion!
Like Nie Lei and Nie Hong, the two siblings, although they were also pill masters of the Central Region Pill Masters Association, they were following Su Tianshuo’s collusion!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, what is it, so secretive?”
Chen Wenliang asked in disbelief!
“President Chen, do you know what Su Tianshuo, the President of the Western Region Apothecary Guild, is up to?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Attempts? What attempts?”Chen Wenliang froze!
“I’ll be honest with you, Su Tianshuo has colluded with the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect to make a move against the Pill God Island, and he has liaised with quite a number of apothecaries, intending to cause the apothecary community in the Celestial Realm to shuffle its cards!”
“This time, if we don’t stop it, I’m afraid that a lot of pill masters will die on this Pill God Island.”
Chen Ping said!
“What?”Chen Wenliang’s eyes were wide open, his face full of incredulity, “You’re saying that that Su Tianshuo is going to take action against the entire pill masters of the pill master world? He doesn’t have the guts to do that, right?”
“And colluding with that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, how did you know about that?”
Chen Ping knew that there would definitely be no one who would easily believe it, so that was why he followed Chen Wenliang’s story in detail!
But even then, Chen Wenliang was still somewhat in disbelief that Su Tianshuo had such great guts!
Chen Ping had no choice but to call Nie Lei and Nie Hong siblings!
After Nie Lei and Nie Hong’s siblings said it, Chen Wenliang then believed it!
However, this also made him feel a huge headache, after all, this kind of thing, even if he went to say it, no one would necessarily believe it!
After all, everyone was considered to be in a competitive relationship on Pill Cauldron Mountain, so perhaps the people thought that he was an alarmist, deliberately scaring the people to leave Pill Cauldron Mountain!
“I can only persuade the many pill masters of the Central Region Pill Masters’ Association to be careful now, but the others, too, may not believe what I say.”
Chen Wenliang said!
“I understand, now let’s go to the Zhou and Zhen Families, if we convince the two of them, we’ll have the leverage to target Su Tianshuo and the others.”
“At that time, even if the other apothecaries don’t believe it, then Su Tianshuo won’t be able to get his way at all.”
Chen Ping said!
“Good, there’s no time to lose, let’s quickly set off!”Chen Wenliang nodded!