Ji Yun looked at these women, defiantly protecting Chen Ping, each one brazenly defying death, and was so envious that he was about to cry!
If only there was a woman who was willing to sacrifice her life for him.
Fire Fury raised his flaming longsword high, looking at Yu Jiameng who was only a Transformation Realm cultivator, but actually defiantly jumped on Chen Ping and blocked the sword for him, he also felt very shocked!
“Kid, did you save the galaxy in your last life? So many women are willing to die for you!”
“The more so, the more painful I will make your deaths ……”
Envy and jealousy made the Fire Fiend become crazier and crazier!
Just as that long sword was about to fall, Gao Qilan let out an explosive cry, and the ice crystal in his hand slammed down towards the ground!
The ice crystal instantly set into the icy earth!
Soon, a frost was coming towards Fire Fury at a speed visible to the naked eye!
Fire Fury couldn’t even react in time as it started to condense into ice from the palms of his feet, directly freezing him into an ice sculpture.
And that ice crystal also instantly turned into a pile of powder after releasing its energy.
Although the ice crystal was destroyed, the Fire Fiend was controlled, and Gao Qilan let out a sigh of relief.
“It’s finally alright ……”
Yu Jiameng also let out a long breath, and then looked at Chen Ping who was still continuously absorbing the energy from the Ice Spirit Fragment!
But just as everyone was breathing a sigh of relief, a subtle cracking sound suddenly came to mind!
Click click click click …………
It was as if something was cracking, and soon the sound grew louder and louder!
Gao Qilan snapped his eyes over and realised that the frozen Fire Fiend, the frost on his body was rapidly cracking!
“Hahaha, with this you still want to trap me ……”
Accompanied by the Fire Fiend’s loud laughter, all of those frosts on his body instantly split apart and directly crumbled away!
Seeing this scene, Gao Qilan and the Fire Phoenix girls were all ashen!
Gao Qilan had even destroyed the ice crystals and still hadn’t controlled the Fire Fiend, so there was no hope for them!
Yu Jia Meng who was relieved became nervous once again and hugged Chen Ping to death, protecting him under her body!
The Fire Fury sneered and chopped down with a sword!
Gao Qilan as well as Fire Phoenix and the girls watched, but none of them could do anything about it, and one by one, their hearts were in their throats!
Pah ……
Suddenly, a large hand tightly grabbed Fire Fury’s wrist, leaving him no way to descend in the slightest!
Fire Fury’s face changed, looking at the person who suddenly appeared in front of him with a face full of shock!
Ruyan Liu, on the other hand, had a look of surprise on her face!
Fire Phoenix also looked surprised when she saw the person who came!
The person who came was none other than Yi He, fortunately he arrived in time, otherwise Chen Ping would have suffered!
Among these people, only Ruyan Liu had seen Yi He and knew of Yi He’s relationship with Chen Ping!
And Fire Phoenix also knew Yi He, after all, as a divine beast, she still knew about the three kings and four kings of the beast race!
However, IH did not know Fire Phoenix, when Fire Phoenix was relegated to the secular world, it was only when she met Chen Ping that she was able to fully transform into her human form, it was only normal that IH did not recognise her!
“Who are you? Let go of me right now, I’m a member of the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
The Fire Fiend saw Yihe and then threatened!
After all, the appearance of Ich now gave Fire Fury an element of uncertainty, which was why he reported the name of his Demon Sealing Alliance, so that many cultivators were going to give face to the Demon Sealing Alliance.
“I don’t care what alliance you have, if you dare to touch Mr Chen, then you are tired of living ……”
Yi He finished speaking and slapped out.
Fire Fury’s body, like a kite with broken strings, was directly jerked out hundreds of metres!
One must know that Fire Fury was a ninth grade of the Harmonisation Realm, and this realm was not too low in the Celestial Realm!
But now, Fire Fury, a ninth grade cultivator of the Harmonious Body Realm, was sent flying out hundreds of metres by a slap from Yi He!
Fire Fury was dumbfounded, and other than Ruyan Liu and Fire Phoenix, everyone else was dumbfounded as well!
It was because Yi Hyuk’s strength had shocked them!
“What kind of person are you? Why did you appear here?”
Gao Qilan asked at Yihe!