I don’t know how long it took, but after Chen Ping opened his eyes, he found himself in a huge cavern!
The entire cavern looked very huge, and there seemed to be the sound of running water!
Chen Ping shook his head, he didn’t know where he had been transported to by this Void Rift!
“Senior, where are we? Is this still the Celestial Realm?”
Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Lord!
“Please, I can only sense the outside through you, you are unconscious, what the hell can I know, not to mention that in that void rift, I am just a remnant soul, what can I know.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch gave Chen Ping a blank look and said!
“If you don’t know, then you don’t know, why are you so angry!”
Chen Ping muttered, it must be because he did not allow the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to control his body, this guy got angry!
His own physical body was not a toy, how could he let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch control it as he pleased!
Chen Ping scanned the cave, at this moment, he had an indescribable feeling inside!
He was looking forward to being teleported back to the Worldly Realm, but he was worried about returning to the Worldly Realm!
After all, he still had a lot of things to do in the Celestial Realm!
There were people waiting for him in the Secular Realm, and there were likewise people waiting for him in the Celestial Realm!
Chen Ping looked around and was surprised to find that the dying Elder Tu was actually in this cave as well, and they had actually teleported to a place!
Only at this time, Elder Tu could not be seen as a Mahayana Realm expert at all, more like a dying old man!
The ghost face on his face was gone, and his breath was very weak, long gone was the strength of the Mahayana realm!
After using a secret technique and having his legs chopped off by the Space-Time Blade, and suffering such a blow, Elder Tu would be lucky to be alive!
Chen Ping went up and mentioned that Elder Tu, and sure enough, he was motionless and should have fainted to death!
Seeing this, Chen Ping slowly crouched down!
“Kid, what are you going to do, wake him up?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch asked when he saw this!
“Save his ancestor, this guy has been trying to kill me and wants to die with me, how could I possibly save him.”
“I just saw that he had a storage bag on him, there should be something good inside, so I brought it to take a look!”
Chen Ping said coldly!
Chen Ping was no saintly mother, anyone who wanted to kill himself, that all deserved to die, how could Chen Ping save him!
But just when Chen Ping reached out to take off the storage bag on Elder Tu, suddenly that Elder Tu gave opened his eyes!
“Go to hell ……”
Only to see Elder Tu instantly probing out his claws and ruthlessly grabbing towards Chen Ping’s neck!
And this claw of Elder Tu, with a stern aura, was extremely fast, if this claw grabbed directly, Chen Ping’s neck was afraid that it would be instantly broken!
Seeing Elder Tu, this fellow pretending to be dizzy and actually sneak attacking himself, Chen Ping however did not move at all!
Elder Tu was ecstatic as he grabbed Chen Ping’s neck!
“Hahaha, brat, you’ll die in my hands after all!”
Saying that, Elder Tu fiercely exerted his force!
However, no matter how hard Elder Tu tried, he could not break Chen Ping’s neck!
In the end, Elder Tu was suffocating his face and neck, but he still couldn’t!
Looking at Chen Ping, he looked at Elder Tu with a face like a fool!
Chen Ping’s physical body had been tempered countless times, if Elder Tu was still a Mahayana Realm expert, he would definitely be able to break Chen Ping’s neck!
But the current Elder Tu, his body was weakened to the extreme, and I’m afraid that his strength would hardly even reach the Harmonisation Realm!
With this kind of strength, still wanting to break Chen Ping’s neck, wasn’t that a joke?
“Don’t you know what kind of virtue you are now? You don’t even talk about breaking my neck, if I give you an ordinary stone, I’m afraid you wouldn’t even be able to pinch it right now.”
Chen Ping grabbed Elder Tu’s wrist and moved it away with a slight force!