When the Flower Staff Weng saw this, he then turned his eyes and rushed forward to say to Chen Ping, “Fellow Daoist Chen, I have a dual-cultivator couple, although older and slightly less powerful than me, but ……”
The Flower Staff Weng saw that Mo Killing Shadow had asked his old man to earn Immortal Spirit Stones, so he also thought of his wife!
“Yes, let her come ……” Without waiting for Flower Staff Weng to finish, Chen Ping agreed!
“Good good good!”The Flower Staff Weng was filled with excitement, then continued, “I also have a sister-in-law, as well ……”
Ink Killing Shadow also hurriedly spoke, “I also have a third aunt, as well ……”
“Alright, as long as they are Mahayana realm 9th grade cultivators, they can all come ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly gestured and said to Mo Killing Shadow and Flower Staff Weng!
These seven great aunts had all come out, Chen Ping did not have time to listen to their introductions one by one!
As long as they were Mahayana Realm 9th Grade cultivators, they were all somewhat helpful to Chen Ping!
Moreover, these people had the greatest need for Immortal Spirit Stones.
Mo Killing Shadow and Flower Staff Weng happily rushed off to contact those seven great aunts and aunts!
Lin Kefan’s face was green with anger at the moment, but he could do nothing about it!
After all, Mo Killing Shadow and Flower Scepter Weng had not betrayed him, they had only allowed their families to follow Chen Ping!
“Fourth uncle, it seems that your days in Sun Moon City, are not easy either ……”
Chen Ping looked at Lin Kefan’s appearance and said with a slight smile!
Lin Kefan’s face was full of embarrassment, “Indeed, our Sun Moon City has been a little short of resources recently ……”
If resources were not in short supply, Lin Ke Dong would not have been able to take the execution order from the Ten Temples and come to kill Chen Ping!
It was also impossible for him, Lin Kefan, to deliberately conceal his identity and deceive Chen Ping for the sake of a little bit of resources!
How could they say that they were all imperial princes, people with status, and it would be a shame to do such a thing!
But Sun Moon City had a lack of resources, so they could only think of ways to gather resources everywhere!
…………
The Ten Temples!
Huo Qing is lying in his room, playing with an object in his hand, and only when he looks closely can he see that the object Huo Qing is playing with is actually a child’s head!
Because of the long period of playing with it, the child’s head was emitting a piercing lustre!
At this moment, the skinny old man pushes the door in, the only person who can enter Huo Qing’s room without knocking is this old man, even this 10th Hall Master needs to knock on the door!
“How’s it going?”Huo Qing raised his eyelids and asked!
“The Immortal Spirit Stones were given to that Lin Ke Dong, and he made a move on that Chen Ping as well, only Lin Ke Dong was beaten and almost died ……”
The old man said!
“How almost died? Why wasn’t he beaten to death? What happened?”
Huo Qing came to be interested and sat up straight and asked!
“Just when that Chen Ping was about to lay his death hand on him, Sun Moon City’s fourth prince, Lin Kefan, arrived and saved Lin Kedong.”
The old man explained!
“This Lin Kefan, what a bad fucking thing!”
Huo Qing spat viciously, this would be hilarious if Chen Ping killed Lin Ke Dong!
When the time came, Sun Moon City would definitely not stop, in that case, they would just watch the joke, Sun Moon City would just get Chen Ping killed!
“After that Lin Ke Dong was rescued, there were a few Mahayana Realm 9th Grade powerhouses that were bribed with Immortal Spirit Stones by that Chen Ping.”
“I reckon that Chen Ping is also expanding his forces, wanting to follow our Divine Hall in the confrontation!”
The old man whispered!
“Hmph, just with him, a small cultivator of the second rank of the Mahayana realm, he dares to follow the Divine Hall in confrontation?”Huo Qing snorted coldly, “Even if he gathered all the cultivators in the Celestial Realm, he wouldn’t have the strength to confront the Divine Hall.”
“If we only deal with the Ten Temples, perhaps these people are still useful, if they want to deal with the entire Divine Hall, they can dream away ……”
The Ten Temples were among the least powerful of the Divine Temples, and even the worst of them could all be ranked in this Heavenly Human Realm!
One could imagine how terrifying the strength of those halls above the Ten Temples would be!
It would be a fool’s errand for a cultivator from the regional Celestial Realm to want to fight against the entire Divine Hall!