What was above Martial Saint, Long Xiao didn’t know, but all he could know was that this soul spirit inside himself must know a lot of secrets of the martial dao world!
“Senior, if I reach the Martial Saint realm, wouldn’t I be an invincible existence? At that time, won’t it be able to reshape your physical body, so that you can be resurrected again and not have to be attached to my body?”
Long Xiao wanted to know when this soul spirit could leave his body!
When he was strong enough, he didn’t want to be under the control of others anymore.
“Hahahaha, what you know is just sitting in a well and watching the sky, Martial Saints are legends in this current era, but a thousand years ago, they were not worth mentioning, because above Martial Saints, there is a higher realm ……”
“It’s useless for me to tell you more now, you just need to digest all this strength you’ve absorbed and reach the peak of Martial Marquis as soon as possible.”
“That previous era will probably never return …………”
The old voice grew fainter and fainter, and its tone grew sadder and sadder.
It seemed to recall things that he did not want to remember.
At this moment, Zhu Zhishan, who had been standing by the shore, had his eyebrows tightly furrowed together!
His eyes had not left the water for a moment, and he had been hoping to see Chen Ping’s corpse!
But it had been so long, if Chen Ping had really died, the corpse would surely have floated up.
“Lord Zhu, are you still worried about that Chen Ping being alive?”
At this moment, Long Xiao walked over and asked Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan nodded, “I always feel uneasy when I can’t see that Chen Ping’s corpse!”
“Don’t worry about it, that Chen Ping definitely won’t survive, maybe his corpse was swallowed by a demonic beast, I think we’d better not waste time here ……”
Long Xiao said to Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan turned his head to look at Long Xiao: “You just sucked up the strength of so many people, so soon you can’t be patient again?”
Long Xiao slightly froze, but then smiled and said, “They are all people from some small sects and clans, no one will pursue them if they die, I have not touched any of the sects and clans within the Martial Alliance ……”
The first thing that I would like to say is that I’m not sure if I’m going to be able to do it.
“You’d better exercise restraint, not everyone is stupid, I’m afraid someone is already eyeing you ……”
Zhu Zhishan warned at Long Xiao.
“Don’t worry, Lord Zhu, I know what to do!”
Long Xiao smiled lightly.
Zhu Zhishan didn’t say anything else, but turned around and left after taking another look at the sea.
Long Xiao, on the other hand, gathered the crowd and prepared to start heading towards the hinterland of Dragon Lock Island, for the real place of trial was in the hinterland of Dragon Lock Island!
On the way, many people who had killed demonic beasts and obtained beast pills were talking excitedly.
Those who hadn’t obtained the beast pills were also longing for what treasures were to be found in the place of trial this time!
Only Dong Jiahao himself, with his eyes slightly fixed and his body carrying a murderous aura, was following behind, he didn’t want to get any treasures, he was staring deadly at Long Xiao’s back!
Although his own strength was inferior to that Long Xiao’s, but he was going to endure the humiliation and look for an opportunity to kill Long Xiao in the trial to avenge Chen Ping.
“You can’t kill that Long Xiao, if you move against him, then the first one to die will be you ……”
Just as Dong Jiahao was staring deadly at Long Xiao’s back, Ge Jiayi suddenly walked up to Dong Jiahao and said.
Dong Jiahao faintly froze, then said, “When the trial comes, I can take advantage of his unpreparedness, Brother Chen Ping cannot die in vain like this ……”
Ge Jiayi smiled faintly, “Even if he falls asleep, you can’t kill him, let alone you, even I can’t kill this Long Xiao right now ……”