Chen Ping rushed forward and looked at Patriarch Chen in that state and asked strangely, “Patriarch Chen, what’s wrong with you, how did you become like this?”
Patriarch Chen could no longer hold on at this moment and fell from mid-air, and his breath was weak to the core!
Seeing that Patriarch Chen’s residual soul was about to dissipate, Chen Ping took out the Soul Fixing Bead from his own storage ring!
This was a gift from the Soul Demon Sect’s Patriarch Jiang, and it was just the right time to put it to use!
After the Soul Fixing Bead was taken out, Patriarch Chen’s residual soul clearly smoothed out and his breath was slowly recovering, it had to be said that this Soul Demon Sect’s Soul Fixing Bead was really something good!
“Patriarch Chen, don’t be in a hurry, slowly tell me what is going on?”
Chen Ping told Patriarch Chen not to be in a hurry and kept pouring his aura into Patriarch Chen’s residual soul!
This would replenish the aura that Patriarch Chen had consumed, so that his residual soul would not dissipate due to the exhaustion of his aura!
“Mr Chen, we were attacked by a sneak attack, Patriarch Luo and the disciples of the five great clans were all trapped, and I ended up destroying my own flesh before escaping with this remnant soul.”
“Hurry up and go save Patriarch Luo and the others, if you go too late, they won’t be alive!”
Patriarch Chen said with an anxious face!
“What kind of people sneak attacked?”Chen Ping was puzzled!
By the way, the five great sects were considered to be loud and clear, who would dare to take the initiative to sneak attack ah!
Not to mention that Patriarch Luo had now been promoted to the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, who would mess with it!
“It’s the Ghost Fiend Sect, I didn’t expect that this gang of demonic cultivators had also come to the Polar Regions ……”
Patriarch Chen said!
“Ghost Fury Sect?”Chen Ping frowned slightly, he did not know about this sect!
“Ghost Fiend Sect? Wasn’t this sect destroyed by the Demon Sealing Alliance a long time ago? It should have been many years ago, so how could it suddenly appear and sneak attack you?”
At this time, Lan Yingying spoke in doubt!
“This Ghost Fiend Sect was annihilated by the Demon Sealing Alliance many years ago, but in fact, it has always still existed, and our five great clans have been tracking the Ghost Fiend Sect for many years now, and we’ve killed quite a few of the Ghost Fiend Sect’s disciples as well.”
“These demonic cultivators cultivate bizarre Ghost Fiend means to absorb Yin Fiend Qi to cultivate, so we’ve always secretly pursued these demonic cultivators.”
“No one expected that these Ghost Fiend Sect people would come to the Polar Regions and set up ambushes and sneak attacks on us.”
“Previously, these people from the Ghost Fiend Sect were only active in twos and threes, but this time, they came with nearly a hundred people, it’s too strange ……”
Patriarch Chen explained!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood that this Ghost Fiend Sect should also be a dog captive of the Demon Sealing Alliance, many of the Demon Cultivation Sects that had been exterminated by the Demon Sealing Alliance, as long as they were willing to obey, they had all become the dogs of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
And those who were not willing to obey the demonic cultivation sects were literally hanged directly!
Chen Ping now sort of understood why the five great sects, the famous sects, were not willing to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance to co-operate and hang the devil cultivators together!
It turned out that the five great sects had also discovered the collusion of the Demon Sealing Alliance a long time ago!
However, this time, the Ghost Fiend Sect had sent out hundreds of people, so it should not be targeting the five major sects alone, but rather, it was running towards itself!
Chen Ping knew that against the five major clans, it was impossible for the Demon Fencing Alliance to make such a big deal out of it, even risking the exposure of the Ghost Fiend Sect!
The Ghost Fiend Sect had been annihilated by the Demon Sealing Alliance, and if it appeared on a large scale now, it would definitely be suspected, and people would doubt whether the Demon Sealing Alliance had annihilated the Ghost Fiend Sect or not!
Now, since the Demon Fencing Alliance had brought out all of the Ghost Fiend Sect’s elite, it was definitely targeting itself!
This Ghost Fiend Sect used Yin Fiend Qi to cultivate, so it was definitely of the Yin Fiend lineage.
At this moment, Bing Lu with her many Saint Maidens had also gathered around!
They wanted to know what had happened!
When they heard that the five great clans were being sneak attacked by demonic cultivators, Bing Lu was willing to go and rescue them!
Now they were only waiting for Chen Ping’s word!
After all, the Luo Patriarchs of the five great clans were kind to Chen Ping, and it was reasonable for Chen Ping to bring them to the rescue!
“Patriarch Chen, the people who sneaked up on you, besides this Ghost Fiend Sect, are there any others?”
“And what are the strengths of this Ghost Fiend Sect?”
Chen Ping asked!