The test of this punch let Chen Ping know that his opponent’s strength was far superior to his own!
“Who the hell are you people? What do you want? I can give you guys ……”
Chen Ping knew that if he started a fight, he and Hu Ma Zi might not be able to stop the two, so he wanted to stall for time!
“We are from the Demon Spirit Sect, and now we want to take the Blood Demon’s flesh away ……”
The man said to Chen Ping.
“Demon Spirit Sect?” Chen Ping was stunned, he had never heard of this clan before, and how did the other party know that the Blood Demon’s flesh was here?
“That Blood Demon’s flesh you’re talking about, we don’t have it here at all, are you guys looking in the wrong place?”
Chen Ping said as if he didn’t know anything about it.
“Kid, you don’t have to pretend, you know in your heart what we are talking about, if you hand over the Blood Demon flesh body now, we can leave immediately and will never make things difficult for you ……”
The woman spoke up!
“I really don’t know ……” One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
Chen Ping shook his head.
“Still pretending, I think you’re not going to see the coffin and not shed a tear ……”
After the woman finished speaking, she raised her foot and kicked towards Chen Ping!
The long, snow-white legs were in front of Chen Ping in an instant!
Chen Ping hurriedly retreated, followed by grabbing the man’s ankle with both hands and pulling it backwards violently!
And the woman leapt up with her strength, and her two legs were like water snakes, coiled around Chen Ping’s body!
Being in such close contact with a woman, Chen Ping instantly became embarra*sed!
“Good for you, demon girl, come at me if you have the guts ……”
The woman’s eyes turned red when Hu Ma Zi saw this, and a talisman was instantly thrown towards the woman!
The talisman exploded in the air in front of the woman, causing the woman to have no choice but to let go of Chen Ping and flip her body backwards!
“Chen Ping, you are strong, deal with that man, let me deal with this woman ……”
Hu Ma Zi’s pair of eyes stared deadly at the woman in front of him.
Only that gaze of his kept sweeping around the woman’s long, snow-white legs ……
The woman felt Hu Pazzi’s gaze and her brow furrowed, her face filled with disgust!
The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are not able to get a good deal on a lot of things.
Pocky Hu’s eyes still only had women in them!
“Master Hu, that woman’s strength is not weak either, you should be careful ……”
Chen Ping barked at Pocky Hu.
“Don’t worry about it, I haven’t learned anything in this period of time, just how to deal with women, see how I can clean her up ……”
Hu Ma Zi said, several talismans were thrown out towards the woman, followed by Hu Ma Zi lunging towards the woman!
Boom boom boom …………
Several talismans exploded in the air, rising up in a ball of flame, directly sealing the woman’s retreat.
And by now Hu Ma Zi had already reached the woman, with a lecherous face, and opened his mouth and arms towards her!
The woman’s face was furious, and she slammed out a fierce fist.
Just as the woman was about to smash her fist into Hu Pazzi’s chest, a charm suddenly burst open on Hu Pazzi’s chest!
The woman was startled and retreated, only to find that her way was blocked behind her!
By this time, Hu Pazi was already in front of the woman and reached out and touched her directly on the face!
Seeing his hand, Hu Pazzi quickly retreated, but he was still a step too slow!
The woman was already furious at being touched by Hu Ma Zi, so she raised her foot and kicked out!
She kicked Hu Pazzi straight away and landed him on the ground heavily!
Hu Pazzi bared his teeth in pain, but his mouth chattered, “It’s so tender, so slippery ……”
Chen Ping looked at Hu Puzi’s appearance, he really didn’t know what to say!
How come this guy was picking up girls without a care in the world?
“You’re looking for death ……”
The man became angry and a terrifying pressure erupted from his body.
Chen Ping instantly felt a mountain of pressure on his body, and his legs were actually trembling slightly!
That Hu Ma Zi, on the other hand, was lying directly on the ground, unable to get up due to the pressure on his body!