Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Xiao Yuanshan brought Xiao Feng, as well as the many elites of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and together they rose up in the air!
In front of them, there was a white-clothed youth, and beside the youth was a woman in a Luo skirt, and behind the two was that Zuo Tianzheng!
Behind Zuo Tianzheng, there stood twelve sword-wielding cultivators, all of them were above the fifth rank of the Mahayana Realm!
Seeing this lineup, Xiao Yuanshan and their faces became grave!
It was definitely not good that Zuo Tianzheng had brought people here!
However, in the face of so many powerful people, Xiao Yuanshan was not afraid, after all, they had a backer behind the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Mr Shi had added thousands of years of good fortune to the Xiao Dynasty!
Although these people in front of him were very strong, they could not move the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Zuo Tianzheng, you still dare to bring people to my Xiao Dynasty, do you want to die once too?”
Xiao Yuanshan asked to Zuo Tianzheng!
Zuo Tianzheng’s face became very ugly, but he didn’t dare to get angry and said, “Emperor Xiao, don’t misunderstand, I am only leading the way for His Highness Yun Li this time, our Highness is looking for that Chen Ping!”
“Your Highness?”Xiao Yuanshan looked at Yun Li, “You are from the Divine Hall?”
Yun Li nodded, “Yes!”
“What are you looking for Chen for? Is it because you want to take revenge?”
Xiao Yuanshan asked!
“I just came here in admiration!”Yun Li said!
“Came here in admiration?”Xiao Yuanshan was a little confused, but he didn’t believe Yun Li’s words, instead, he said in a cold voice, “Mr Chen isn’t in my Xiao Dynasty, he’s been gone for several days!”
“I know, I came here to wait for him!”
Yun Li certainly knew that Chen Ping was not there!
Xiao Yuanshan furrowed his brows as he sized up Yun Li in front of him!
He didn’t understand, what exactly was the meaning of this Divine Hall’s people?
And by the looks of it, it didn’t seem like they were here to fight, after all, they didn’t carry a hostile aura with them.
“Mr Chen won’t necessarily come to our Xiao Dynasty until sometime.”
Xiao Yuanshan said!
“Whenever he comes, I will wait until whenever he comes, I know that you will definitely be able to contact him!”
After Yun Li finished speaking, he unexpectedly slowly dropped his body and directly landed on the ground before sitting cross-legged on top of a huge boulder!
Seeing this scene, although Xiao Yuanshan was full of doubts, he had no other way but to return to the Imperial City with his people, allowing that Yun Li to lead his people to wait outside!
“Your Highness, I …………”
Zuo Tianzheng saw that Xiao Yuanshan had left and wanted to follow Yun Li’s words and leave on his own!
He didn’t want to wait here for Chen Ping to arrive, if he really made a move then, and that Mr Shi came again, he himself would probably be scared to death!
But he didn’t dare to say it explicitly, so he stammered his words!
“You want to leave?”
Yun Li looked towards that Zuo Tianzheng.
Although Yun Li’s eyes did not have the slightest bit of displeasure or anger, this glance scared that Zuo Tianzheng too.
Yun Li did not expect Zuo Tianzheng to do anything, he was only asking Zuo Tianzheng to lead the way!
But this Zuo Tianzheng, as the Lord of the Demon Sealing Alliance, was so timid and even, how could he still work for the Ten Temples?
“No, no, no, no, don’t leave, Your Highness is still here, how can I possibly leave!”
Zuo Tianzheng hurriedly shook his head, pressing the words to leave!
Shi Lan looked at the seated Yun Li and spoke, “Yun Li, do we really have to wait here? There’s no telling how long we’ll have to wait!”
“It won’t be long ……”
Yun Li said with a faint smile!
He knew that Xiao Yuanshan would definitely inform Chen Ping after he returned, and Chen Ping would rush back in no time!
Yun Li guessed correctly, after Xiao Yuanshan went back, he immediately let Xiao Feng contact Chen Ping using the sound transmission jade slip!
At this time, Chen Ping was following Pavilion Master Qian in South End City to say goodbye!
When he received Xiao Feng’s voice transmission, Chen Ping then anxiously rushed to the square to take the airship to rush to the Xiao Dynasty!
Chen Ping did not expect that after Mr Shi had stepped in, that the people from the Divine Hall had not been subdued and still dared to go and find trouble with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!