“My subordinate, Lin Tianhu, Hall Master of the Gathering Hall, pays respects to the Hall Master!”
“Greetings, Hall Master ……”
Hundreds of people from the Gathering of Righteousness Hall shouted in unison!
This took Chen Ping by surprise, he himself didn’t even know what Hall Master he was!
“You …… have the wrong person, haven’t you? I am not some hall master!”
Chen Ping shook his head in a hurry.
“The one who wears the Heavenly Dragon Order is the Heavenly Dragon Hall Master, there is no mistake!”
Lin Tianhu said.
Boom …………
Lin Tianhu’s words caused Chen Ping to instantly remember!
When he was in prison, that old dragon leader had always said that he was the Heavenly Dragon Hall Master, and later had given himself this ring, it looked like it was because of this ring that made this Lin Tianhu identify himself as the Heavenly Dragon Hall Master.
“What do you mean, is it because I’m wearing this ring?”
Chen Ping took the ring off and asked Lin Tianhu.
“Yes, this is none other than the Heavenly Dragon Hall’s Heavenly Dragon Order, the ancestral motto of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, and the wearer is the Heavenly Dragon Hall’s Hall Master!”
Lin Tianhu tilted his head and looked at the ring in Chen Ping’s hand and said.
“You guys get up first!”
Seeing Lin Tianhu and the others all kneeling, Chen Ping was a little uncomfortable, so he waved his hand!
“Thank you, Hall Master!”
Lin Tianhu and a group of people from the Gathering Hall of Justice all stood up.
“I’m telling you, I’m not any Hall Master, this ring was given to me by someone else, you’ve mistaken me for someone else!”
Chen Ping explained!
“We only recognise the Heavenly Dragon Order, not people, since the Heavenly Dragon Order is on you, then you are our Hall Master!”
Lin Tianhu said respectfully.
Chen Ping was speechless, it seemed that the old dragon leader had deliberately pa*sed this temple lord position to him.
“Are you also from the Heavenly Dragon Hall?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Yes, there are thirteen halls in the Heavenly Dragon Hall, and our Gathering Hall is only one of them, but I am not familiar with the brothers from the other halls and rarely interact with them, so unless we receive a summons from the Hall Master, we are not to be exposed easily!”
Lin Tianhu explained.
After hearing this, Chen Ping was staggered, one Gathering Hall could stomp around Hong City and make it tremble three times, if there were thirteen such halls, then the strength of this Heavenly Dragon Hall would be truly terrifying!
“Hall Master, in addition to the thirteen halls in Grand Xia, we have branch offices all over the world, as for the specific information, I can’t understand it because my position is too low!”
As Lin Tianhu’s words fell, Chen Ping was even more shocked, to have branch rudders all over the world, this was too awesome!
He really couldn’t understand that Old Leader, such a scruffy guy, was such an awesome character!
Now Chen Ping was looking forward to the 15th day of the 7th month, maybe he would be able to understand more about the Heavenly Dragon Temple by then!
After a moment of shock, Chen Ping waved his hand and said, “You all go back, if there’s anything, I’ll look for you!”
“As you command!” Lin Tianhu bowed slightly!
Lin Tianhu led his men away, but Chen Ping did not move, his heart still could not calm down for a long time, this sudden extra identity was too much for him to accept for a while!
At this moment, at the Regal Hotel’s top floor office, Su Wenzong and Su Yuqi didn’t leave, instead they went to the top floor manager’s office, this was his Su family’s property, so they could go wherever they wanted!
“Yuqi, what you said to Mr. Chen just now, were you serious?”
Su Wenzong asked as he looked at Su Yuqi.
“What words?”
Su Yuqi played dumb and pretended not to know!
“Less pretending, knowing your daughter is like a father, what’s in your heart, think I don’t know?”
Su Wen Zong smiled faintly.
“Dad, I was just trying to help Mr. Chen out, I’ve only just met him, how could I possibly like him!”
Su Yuqi gave Su Wenzong a blank look, but her cheeks were blushing.
“Mr. Chen is a nice person, he is also quite good looking, and he is highly skilled in medicine, but I just don’t know how he is in other aspects ……”
Su Wenzong had a good feeling about Chen Ping, but to become the son-in-law of their Su family, it was not enough for him to know medical skills alone, after all, Su Wenzong only had one daughter, and the huge family business of the Su family was to be handed over to Su Yuqi, so when the time came, he had to find someone who could help Su Yuqi take care of the company.