Although he was speaking in a questioning tone after Ning Zhi, though Ning Zhi himself knew that it would be completely non-negotiable!
He knew what the price would be after refusing.
It would be a life worse than death …………
Ning Zhi raised his eyes and forgot about the Hell Gate, listening to the miserable sounds coming from within the Hell Gate, he could only grit his teeth and said, “My subordinate is willing to ……”
“Very well, I await your return from the gates of hell ……”
“Go on ……”
The mighty waved his hand gently!
Ning Zhi stood up, his legs trembling slightly, before he finally stepped inside!
As Ning Zhi’s body disappeared into the Gates of Hell, the doors slowly closed and the light disappeared as the seven purple robes collected the black and gold orbs in their hands!
A drop of cold sweat slipped quietly down the devil amba*sador’s forehead as he looked at the vanishing Gate of Hell!
“So has Chen Ping already entered the secret realm?”
The great power asked to the devil amba*sador.
“Yes, that Chen Ping has already entered the secret realm, and the entrance to the secret realm has been closed by my subordinates, without us opening the entrance, that Chen Ping will never be able to walk out.”
The devil amba*sador hurriedly said respectfully.
“Very well, then let him stay well inside, don’t bother with him.”
The great power nodded!
The Devil Envoy then said with a puzzled expression, “Great Power, don’t we send someone to kill that Chen Ping? Isn’t it a bit too wasteful to waste one of our secret realms just to keep that Chen Ping locked up?”
The Devil Envoy couldn’t understand, since that Chen Ping had already entered the secret realm, it was simply too easy for them to kill Chen Ping!
Why was there still the need to trap him in that secret realm?
One must know that every single Secret Realm resource was precious to the Demon Heart Sect!
Now to use an entire secret realm to keep Chen Ping under control was unbelievable!
“This Chen Ping can’t die yet, if we want the aura to recover, he still has a great use behind him ……”
The great power explained!
“Aura recovery? Wasn’t the aura recovery already destroyed by that Chen Ping?”
The devil amba*sador was getting confused now!
“Alright, don’t be asking questions about what you shouldn’t know, I’m giving you a task now, go to the secular world to find people with special physiques and capture them back, remember, you absolutely cannot kill them ……”
The great power spoke slowly!
“Mighty, why do you need to capture these people? What if …………”
“Alright, you’re asking too much, back off ……”
Da Neng didn’t wait for the demon envoy to finish, and gently waved his hand.
Only then did the demon envoy realise that he had unknowingly asked questions he shouldn’t have asked!
Luckily, Da Neng wasn’t angry today!
The devil envoy wiped a handful of cold sweat from his forehead and hurriedly said, “My subordinate excuses himself ……”
When the Devil Envoy had left, the great power looked at the seven purple robes and said, “Everyone, now that the Secret Realm Conference has restarted, the eight secret realms will be in turmoil, and this is our chance.”
“I believe that none of you will be willing to be trapped in the Secret Realm for the rest of your lives either, and as cultivators, we all share a common goal, which is to ascend to the Celestial Human Realm and break away from this cage-like Secret Realm!”
“And now is our chance, although the aura recovery has failed, but we only need to find all eight people with different special systems to truly open the gates of hell, then the aura can be recovered just the same, and we can be free from the boundaries of the secret realm just the same.”
“Remember, the eight of us are gra*shoppers on a string, if one of us reveals our identity, no one will be able to escape, and it will take all eight of us joining forces to open the real Hell’s Gate.”
“It’s been hundreds of years, this might be our last chance to get rid of the secret realm!”
The great power’s voice carried a touch of sadness towards the end!
But none of the seven purple robes spoke, but from the look in their eyes it was clear that each of them also carried an infinite longing!