“It’s out, finally ……”
Zou Qi and the others looked at the familiar hall in front of them and became have excited!
They were the ones who were trapped in various formations after walking into this great hall and almost even lost their lives!
Chen Ping just looked at the great hall in front of him, he could truly feel that from within that great hall, there was a stream of immortal qi coming out, and this stream of immortal qi seemed to be different!
But Chen Ping couldn’t say for a moment, what exactly was the difference.
When Chen Ping first walked into the great hall, he did not detect this Immortal Aura, but now such an Immortal Aura suddenly appeared, making Chen Ping feel very curious!
“You guys wait here again, I will go in and take a look ……”
Chen Ping asked Zou Qi and the others to stand guard outside and then walked towards that great hall!
Zou Qi and the others nodded their heads in succession, their faces full of joy, they didn’t want to be in there, it wouldn’t be worth it if they might lose their lives!
Chen Ping walked into the main hall and found that in the middle of the hall, there was actually a copper tripod, and within the copper tripod, there was some somewhat blackened liquid!
The special immortal qi was emanating from the tripod!
Chen Ping looked around and found that the great hall was empty, there was nothing left, which made Chen Ping very strange!
Obviously when he first entered the great hall, there was no this copper tripod!
Chen Ping came closer and took a closer look, the immortal qi was as vast as the sea, it came straight at Chen Ping, while Chen Ping’s pores were wide open, absorbing the immortal qi crazily!
“Could this be Immortal Liquid?” Chen Ping was somewhat surprised!
When Immortal Qi was thick to a certain point, it would condense into a liquid, and if what was in this copper cauldron was Immortal Liquid, one could imagine how much Immortal Qi was contained in this cauldron of Immortal Liquid!
Chen Ping’s Concentration Skill began to run wildly, and a thin layer of immortal mist surrounded his body!
Looking at the immortal liquid inside the copper tripod, Chen Ping really wanted to drink it down, although the immortal liquid looked black, but it was very helpful for cultivation!
<br> Just when Chen Ping was hesitating to drink it directly!
Suddenly the storage ring shook, and the spirit beast egg actually ran out by itself, followed by a headlong dive into the copper tripod!
The Spirit Beast Egg seemed to have sensed the call of the Immortal Liquid!
The Spirit Beast Egg jumped into the Immortal Liquid and began to roll over and over as if it was taking a bath!
The tidal wave of Immortal Qi around them was like a tsunami, constantly surging along with the tumbling of the Spirit Beast Egg!
A violent wave of immortal qi formed a vortex with the spirit beast egg as its centre!
Chen Ping, who saw this scene, really wanted to curse properly!
It was so hard for him to find the Immortal Liquid, he had to make good use of it and absorb it, perhaps he could raise his realm by two levels!
But now?
This Spirit Beast Egg had actually followed him to snatch these Immortal Liquids!
Chen Ping could only desperately run his Concentration Skill, but the speed of that absorption, compared to that Spirit Beast Egg, was far worse!
Chen Ping watched as the Immortal Liquid in the copper cauldron became less and less, but there was nothing he could do about it!
“You’ve absorbed so much Immortal Qi, why don’t you hatch it out for me? It’s always an egg, what’s the point?”
Chen Ping cursed without a trace of anger!
This Spirit Beast Egg would only snatch the Immortal Qi from himself and was not helpful at all!
If this could hatch out, Chen Ping would have one more Spirit Beast mount, and that would be awesome!
However, just as Chen Ping’s words left his mouth, the Spirit Beast Egg unexpectedly changed!
The egg shell slowly became transparent, and the contents of the egg could be seen in a blur!
Chen Ping’s heart was overjoyed and he hurriedly looked closer to find that the eggshell had become opaque again!
Only, this time, there were tiny cracks on top of the eggshell!
“Could it be hatching?” Chen Ping was ecstatic in his heart!
Along with the Immortal Liquid within the copper cauldron becoming less and less, the cracks on that Spirit Beast’s egg became bigger and bigger!