When attacked, these ghosts and monsters would instantly disappear, hiding into the blood mist, and then attack unexpectedly!
In just a few rounds, several Soul Demon Sect disciples died at the hands of these ghost monsters!
“Close up, don’t be attacking ……”
Patriarch Jiang knew that they couldn’t deal with these ghosts and monsters at all, so he had his many disciples huddle together in one place, following those ghosts and monsters in a stalemate!
As long as they were given some time, he believed that Chen Ping could definitely get them out!
At this moment, Chen Ping was carefully looking at the hall in front of him, the entire hall was quiet, not a sound could be heard, and even when he looked inside, it was empty!
However, Chen Ping knew that there was definitely a formation in the hall, and the reason why he couldn’t hear or see it was entirely because of the formation!
But to find out where the eye of the formation was and slowly break the formation, Chen Ping was afraid that Patriarch Jiang and the others would not be able to hold on!
So right now, we can only forcefully break the formation, Chen Ping exuded his divine sense, constantly probing the category of the formation in the hall in front of him!
Even if they were to forcefully break the formation, they still had to understand the formation before they could do so, otherwise they would not be able to break the formation and would be easily countered instead!
“What a strong Yin Fury Qi, these demonic cultivators make good use of ghost formations, and ghosts are afraid of to fire ……”
Chen Ping pondered, then a blazing flame rose around his body!
The colourful flames caused Chen Ping to turn into a fireman!
Several types of Supreme Flames had merged, and their power was much more powerful than a single Supreme Flame!
Slowly raising his fist, Chen Ping’s fist was also wrapped in flames!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping punched out!
But with this fist, what burst out was not spiritual energy, but endless flames!
The flames engulfed the entire hall, and the entire Blood and Bone Sect was under the scorching flames!
“Ah …………”
At this time, Patriarch Jiang and the others were struggling to hold on, but they found that the flames suddenly erupted, and these dark green ghosts and monsters, who were naturally afraid of flames, each let out a miserable scream as a large amount of smoke and dust came out from their bodies under the scorching heat of these flames!
Immediately after that, these ghosts and monsters were retreating backwards at a rapid pace, and their bodies were slowly melting away!
“It’s Mr Chen, it must be Mr Chen who is stepping in to help us, follow me and kill ……”
Seeing this, Patriarch Jiang immediately shouted in excitement!
This whatsoever Evil Ghost Formation was nothing under Chen Ping’s Supreme Fire!
The crowd of the Soul Demon Sect all grew in confidence and began to charge towards those ghosts and monsters, each and every one of them bravely taking the lead!
“How is this …… this possible?”
When Di Chongjing saw this scene, her entire body was dumbfounded!
One must know that this Evil Ghost Formation was coupled with the Blood Fiend Token, even if one was a Formation Master, it would be impossible to break this formation without three days and five years!
However, Chen Ping had let this Evil Ghost Formation collapse so quickly, and all those evil ghosts were desperately trying to escape!
Originally, Di Chongjing thought that by relying on the evil ghost formation in the hall, he could subdue Chen Ping and the others, and even if he couldn’t, it was always possible to stall them for a period of time!
As long as his elder brother had come out of the gate, then there was nothing to be afraid of, and when the elder brother stepped in, he would definitely be able to kill Chen Ping and these people!
But right now, this Evil Ghost Formation was about to be broken in the blink of an eye!
Boom!
With a roar, along with the Evil Ghost Grand Formation, the entire hall collapsed with a loud bang, and Patriarch Jiang and their figures appeared instantly!
“Kill …………”
Seeing this, the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace then led the many holy daughters of the Guanghan Palace towards the people of the Blood and Bone Sect to kill them!
“Kill ……”
Patriarch Jiang also led the Soul Demon Sect’s disciples to kill the Blood and Bone Sect’s crowd!
“Sect Master, what should we do?”
The numerous disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect were dumbfounded, and each of them looked at Di Chongjing, their faces filled with panic!
They were no match for Patriarch Jiang and the others, even in their own territory, but they didn’t have the slightest advantage!