However, in the face of Watanabe Ichiro’s attack, Chen Ping did not choose to fight back, but instead recited the words under his breath, and the light blue flames suddenly linked together, and a curtain of light instantly formed a formation.
These curtains of light were like mirrors, directly mapping out the figures of Chen Ping and Watanabe Ichiro. Under the constant reflection of the curtains of light, Chen Ping’s figure suddenly increased by dozens.
All around this formation were Chen Ping’s figures, and Watanabe Ichiro was instantly frozen, he could no longer tell which of these figures was the real Chen Ping.
“How about it, this doppelganger of mine is not bad, right?”
Chen Ping was filled with a cold smile, he had thought of this when he was watching Watanabe Ichiro use the Nine Shadows Sword Technique against Andrew.
“Ah ……”
Watanabe Ichiro suddenly roared in anger, followed by the sword in his hand swinging and slashing towards the surrounding formations.
As soon as the sword slashed down, the curtains of light instantly disappeared, but as the sword in Watanabe Ichiro’s hand left, the curtains of light would appear again.
These curtains of light were supported by the pale blue flames, and the only way to destroy them was to extinguish the pale blue flames.
Only Watanabe Ichiro slapped out several powerful qi to hit on top of that blue flame, but the flame would not be extinguished at all, not even wavering a little.
“Now we can have a fair match, it’s no longer useful for you to try to use your blindfold ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked at the grim-faced Watanabe Ichiro.
Watanabe Ichiro looked at Chen Ping grimly, and several doppelgangers instantly disappeared, “Do you think you can restrain my Nine Shadows Sword Technique like that? The Nine Shadow Doppelgangers are only part of the Nine Shadow Sword Technique, the true power of the Nine Shadow Sword Technique is still behind ……”
Watanabe Ichiro said, the cicada-winged sword in his hand was raised high, followed by a long whistle, the green mane in his eyes soared, his battle intent rose, and his body’s aura was laced with blood.
“The first sword of the Nine Shadow Sword Technique, Sword Qi like a rainbow ……”
Watanabe Ichiro’s monstrous powerful qi coalesced on top of the sword, before the sword was thrown up high, flipping in the void, the green light shining brightly, the sword qi instantly enveloped above Chen Ping’s head.
Ichiro Watanabe’s face was as deep as water, his internal energy had been raised to the extreme, and the sword, which was in mid-air, was directly controlled by Ichiro Watanabe’s energy.
Seeing this, Chen Ping made a fist with his right hand, a golden light shining above his fist, and then slammed his fist towards the mid-air.
Boom!
Chen Ping’s fist collided with the sword qi, and the whole ring began to tremble, and a huge shockwave, like a gale, swept out in all directions.
Ichiro Watanabe’s sword swayed in mid-air and then fell downwards.
Seeing this, Ichiro Watanabe opened his hands like bird wings and leapt up in the air, grabbing the sword as it fell downwards.
“The second sword of the Nine Shadow Sword Technique, the sword moves with the heart ……”
With the sword’s green light constantly flickering, Ichiro Watanabe held the long sword in his hand, uniting his human sword in mid-air, turning his entire body into a sharp sword as well, stabbing straight towards Chen Ping’s heart.
The aura around Chen Ping’s body instantly exploded violently, followed by Chen Ping’s backhanded pressure, directly crushing Watanabe Ichiro’s sword with his hand, then a huge spiritual force swarmed out from Chen Ping’s body, following the sword in Watanabe Ichiro’s hand, and struck heavily at Watanabe Ichiro’s chest.
Watanabe Ichiro’s body could not help but land on the ground and take two steps backwards.
This, however, enraged Watanabe Ichiro even more, and was followed by Watanabe Ichiro’s third sword.
Chen Ping put up his palm as a sword, and a golden light in the air seemed to cut through the whole heaven and earth.
This golden light caused Ichiro Watanabe’s face to change dramatically, followed by a loud shout, a bright white light shot out from his eyes, the sword in his hand was raised above his head, and all the energy in his body condensed together.