“These guys, they are so lawless, how dare they just arrest people, I will go report to Mr. Shi right now, so that Mr. Shi can go to the Martial Alliance to ask for the people.”
As soon as Zhao Wuji heard this, he was also furious and wanted to go to Mr. Shi and ask him to ask for the people.
However, Chen Ping stopped Zhao Wuji, “Pavilion Master Zhao, even if Mr. Shi goes, it’s useless, we don’t have any evidence, they are dead set against admitting it, what can we do?”
“Then what do we do?” Zhao Wuji frowned.
“Pavilion Master, Mr. Chen, you guys look quickly ……”
Just then, Xu Shimao hurriedly ran in, with his mobile phone in his hand!
Xu Shimao then opened up the martial arts forum, only to see the first strikingly large red words on it, surprisingly, it was the Dragon Family’s grandson, Long Xiao, who had decided to issue a challenge to Chen Ping in order to avenge his humiliation at the ancient tomb.
And Long Xiao himself had personally aired out Chen Ping on the forum, telling him to answer the challenge and not to act like a coward.
“Mr. Chen, how did this Long Xiao suddenly challenge you?”
Zhao Wuji asked with some surprise.
Logically speaking, no matter in terms of apparent strength or family power, Long Xiao was higher than Chen Ping, this sudden challenge to Chen Ping would not be honorable if he won, and if he lost, it would be a disgrace to the Long family, who would do such a thing!
“No matter why, since they took the initiative to seek death, it’s not my fault ……”
Chen Ping was burning with anger at the moment because of Su Yuqi’s matter, and now that Long Xiao had jumped out, he had just the right time to take it out on Long Xiao.
“Have you contacted all the news media reporters that I asked you to contact?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Zhao Wuji.
“Contacted!” Zhao Wuji nodded his head.
“Good then, I’m going to hold a press conference now, I want to disclose the scandal of the Martial Alliance.”
Chen Ping said with his eyes fixed!
Soon, a ma*sive press conference was held, and Chen Ping was the protagonist of this press conference.
“May I ask Mr. Chen, are you suddenly holding this press conference to respond to the matter of the Dragon Family’s grandson, Long Xiao, issuing a challenge to you?”
A reporter asked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, shook his head, “That challenge issued by Long Xiao is not something that I have put in my eyes, I am ready to accompany him whenever he wants, but there will only be one result, and that is to make him lose in one go.”
“The main reason I held this press conference is to expose the evil nature of the Martial Arts Union, as we all know the Martial Arts Union is an organization in the entire Kyoto martial arts community, has the responsibility and obligation to uphold justice and punish evil and promote good, but these guys are colluding with some evil cultivators behind their backs and practicing evil arts, they are simply a bunch of scum, a bunch of moralistic guys! ”
“I was once threatened by the head of the Martial Law Alliance personally to demand the treasures I obtained during the trials. …”
With Chen Ping’s impa*sioned speech, these words were soon spread to the internet and reprinted on all the major martial arts forums!
Inside the Wudao Alliance!
Zhu Zhishan watched Chen Ping’s speech and was so angry that he dropped the tea bowl in his hand!
“D*mn, this guy is simply crazy, he dares to openly follow our Martial Dao Alliance and call us out, he’s simply tired of living ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s face turned blue with anger.
“Alliance Master, what do we do next? Many people on the forum are now starting to accuse us!”
Guo Wei also said with an ugly look on his face.
“Blame yourself my a*s, you should go and hold a press conference to clarify this, that Chen Ping is just a bunch of nonsense!”
Zhu Zhishan gave Guo Wei a fierce glare!
Guo Wei was so scared that he hurriedly nodded and left.
Zhu Zhishan then took out a gla*s bottle containing bright red blood, it was Su Yuqi’s blood!