After all, no one dared to guarantee that after going to Pill God Island, the people from Pill God Island would not lay their hands on the crowd!
“Everyone, the people from Pill God Island have also said about this matter, and I’m afraid that everyone will be worried, so the people from Pill God Island have guaranteed that by travelling to Pill God Island to hold the Pill Masters’ Conference, Pill God Island will never lay a hand on any Pill Masters.”
“And this time, for the Pill Master Conference, Pill God Island will also take out all sorts of resources and reward the people attending the conference.”
Su Tianshuo said!
“There’s this good thing? Would those people from Pill God Island be so kind? What are their intentions?”
“It’s impossible for them Pill God Island to do something unprofitable, right?”
Someone questioned!
“Yes, what does Pill God Island want? They’re taking resources and organising a Pill Masters’ Conference, are they only doing it to exchange their pill refining techniques with us?”
Chen Wenliang asked in disbelief!
“Of course Pill God Island has some intentions, they’ve said that in order to go to Pill God Island to participate in this Pill Masters’ Conference, one must pass their examination before doing so.”
“It’s only after passing the examination that one is qualified to go to Pill God Island.”
“And Pill God Island will also open up the Pill God’s Fallen Land, which will then be available for everyone to go and explore.”
“That Pill God’s Fallen Land is very mysterious, and the entire Pill Masters of Pill God Island have only comprehended a small portion of it.”
“Pill God Island invited everyone to go this time, but it was also to be able to unlock the secrets of the entire Pill God’s Fallen Land as a whole.”
Su Tianshuo explained after the crowd!
“Of course, these are also the people from Medicine God Island that told me this way, I’m just elaborating with everyone.”
“Believe it or not, it’s up to you all!”
Su Tianshuo was afraid of getting himself involved, so he added two sentences later!
“What? Pill God Island is going to open the immortal land where the Pill God fell?”
“I’ll go, I’ll attend, whether it’s a conspiracy or not.”
“I’ll go too, I want to see the place where the Medicine God fell, what it’s really like!”
Upon hearing this, many people expressed their agreement!
As the saying goes, people die for money and birds die for food, in front of absolute benefits, no one would be able to withstand the temptation!
With this, many people expressed their agreement, and it looked like travelling to Pill God Island to hold the Pill Masters’ Conference was not asked to be hindered!
“Alright, since everyone has agreed, then I will contact the Pill God Island side.”
“This time, the Pill God Island’s examination might be a bit stricter, and many pill masters shouldn’t be qualified to go, so I hope that all of you will do a good job of pacifying the situation!”
Su Tianshuo said!
After all, after coming all the way here, and now this, not being able to participate in the Apothecary Conference, I believe that anyone’s heart would not be happy!
After the meeting ended, the crowd left!
Zhen Yuandao, on the other hand, walked up to Zhong Yi and said with a smile on his face, “Pill Master Zhong, I don’t know if you’ve seen my sister yet?”
Zhong Yi shook his head, “No, Zhen Ni doesn’t see me, I guess he still hasn’t forgiven me ……”
“Don’t be discouraged, Pill Honour Zhong, after we go back, I’ll persuade her properly, I believe my sister will forgive.”
Zhen Yuandao patted Zhong Yi’s shoulder!
“Many thanks, Family Master Zhen ……”
Zhong Sheng nodded!
When Zhen Yuandao left from the Apothecary Society, he then went straight home and headed to Granny Zhen’s residence!
It was also Yan Yuandao’s idea to have Granny Zhen live in this dilapidated compound!
He only used this to hope that Granny Zhen would realise her mistake and accept Zhong Yi!
Back then, when the Zhen Family was able to become one of the four great families of Yongcheng City, it was also because of Zhong Yi!
As a Pill Goddess, Zhong Emotion was in love with Granny Zhen, so the Zhen Family took this opportunity to grow rapidly in the art of alchemy, and soon became one of the Four Great Families of Yongle City!
Unfortunately, Zhong love and other women to have fun, was found by Granny Zhen, under the sadness to follow Zhong love to cut off their relationship!
However, the Yan family did not agree, after all, the Yan family is relying on the Zhong love up, with Zhong love in the back, the strength of the Yan family in Yongle City, no one can shake!