“It should be, and the group is very strong, at least a clan master, the wounds on these guys’ necks are consistent, the depths and lengths are all exactly the same, so we can tell that one person did it, and still killed these guys in a very short period of time!” The butler analyzed.
“The praying mantis is catching the cicada and the yellow bird is behind it, these guys are going to get real with me!”
Song Zu De gritted his teeth, his teeth clacking!
“Master, do you suspect that it was the Feng and Liu families who did this?” The butler asked.
“Hmph, apart from their two families, in the entire Mountain City, who dares to hit on my daughter, you immediately send someone to get news for me, I believe that they have my daughter and will soon make terms with me!”
Song Zu De’s body was suffused with a murderous aura and his eyes were frighteningly cold!
“Master, Master, Eldest Miss has come home, he has come home …………”
At this moment, a subordinate of the Song family hurriedly came running and said!
“What?” Song ZuDe was overjoyed and immediately rushed towards home!
When he arrived home, he indeed saw Song Tie sitting in the living room with quite a few people surrounding him, asking questions!
“Daughter, you …… are you alright?”
Song Zu De asked as he surveyed Song Tie, his face full of incredulity.
“Nothing!” Song Tie shook his head!
“How did you …… you come back? Didn’t someone rob you?”
Song ZuDe was at this moment in a daze and asked at Song Tie.
“It was someone who robbed me, and after killing the bodyguard, they even charmed me, when I woke up, I found myself inside the hotel, and there were two young men next to me!”
Song Tie said truthfully.
“So …… then they didn’t do anything to you, did they?” Hearing this, Song ZuDe’s heart was in his throat!
Song Tie continued to shake his head, “When I woke up, I thought they wanted to do something to me, but those two didn’t do anything and let me go!”
“Master, could it be that these two men were the ones who killed the lady who abducted her, they so seem to have not abducted her, but saved her, otherwise they wouldn’t have let her come back!”
The steward analysed from the sidelines!
“Well, it’s very likely, if it’s really these two people who saved my daughter, I’ll reward them heavily!”
Song Zu De nodded, and then turned to Song Tie, “Do you know where those two people are?”
“I only know that they were at the Kai Yue Hotel, I forgot the exact room number, I was too panicked at the time and didn’t even look!”
Song Tie said.
“Missy, tell me what the two people look like, I’ll take someone to look for them!”
The butler asked to Song Tie.
“How can I remember, I was scared to death at that scene, but I definitely recognize them when I see them, I’ll take you guys to find them!”
Song Tie got up and said.
“How can you do that, you’ve just gotten out of danger, you can’t go!”
Song Zu De immediately stopped Song Tie!
“Dad, the housekeeper is bringing someone with me, what are you afraid of, don’t worry!”
Song Tie didn’t think so!
“Master, don’t worry, I will take care of Miss!”
The butler a*sured!
With the butler’s a*surance, Song Zu De then nodded his head in agreement, and then Song Tie took hundreds of Song family members and went straight to the Kai Yue Hotel!
After searching one floor after another, finally on the fourth floor, Song Tie remembered the room he was staying in!
“This is the one!”
Song Tie said as he pointed at the room.
The butler gave a wink and immediately someone went up and kicked the door open with a bang!
Because it was not yet certain whether these two people were really saving Song Tie or had any intention, so they had to be controlled first!
The door was kicked open and the two men rushed in first, but just as they entered, they all flew backwards and fell heavily to the ground!
Chen Ping had long since sensed the difference and had been hiding behind the door. As soon as these two Song family members rushed in, Chen Ping made his move!