‘Spirit Pool?’
Chen Ping frowned, why did he suddenly have a bad premonition!
‘What’s wrong?’ Elder Yu asked as he saw that Chen Ping’s expression was not right!
‘Oh, nothing!’ Chen Ping hurriedly shook his head!
However, looking at the familiar buildings and the increasingly dense aura, Chen Ping’s heart began to feel a little uneasy!
‘It can’t really be such a coincidence, right?’
Chen Ping inwardly prayed, it can’t be such a coincidence, just as long as this Zhu Ling is the girl that he had looked at naked last night!
Soon, Elder Yu brought Chen Ping and the others to Zhu Ling’s courtyard, looking at the courtyard in front of him, Chen Ping was speechless for a while!
‘Master, is this Senior Sister Zhu Ling’s courtyard?’
Chen Ping asked!
‘Not bad, in the entire Purple Flame Sect, only your Senior Sister Zhu Ling’s courtyard has a spirit pool within it!’
Elder Yu nodded and said!
‘This …………’ Chen Ping froze, not knowing what to do for a moment!
How should he explain once he met Senior Sister Zhu Ling?
He had run into someone’s courtyard in the middle of the night, and had stripped naked to take a bath, and had even looked at them naked!
The main question was why was there no one guarding the room?
And the door to the room was still open!
Just when Chen Ping did not know what to do, the door to the courtyard was opened and two identical looking female cultivators walked out!
‘Both of you, I made an appointment with Missy and came over to see her today.’
Elder Yu was very polite to the guards of Zhu Ling’s courtyard!
‘Elder Yu ah, come in, Senior Sister Zhu Ling has been waiting for a while.’
The two people were very quick to lead Elder Yu and the others inside!
Looking at the furnishings of the courtyard, and the Spirit Pool that was bubbling with Spirit Qi, Chen Ping’s head was wide open!
‘Senior brother, you have to be mentally prepared, Senior Sister Zhu Ling is very beautiful, many male cultivators who saw him for the first time had nosebleeds!’
Wei Qing reminded Chen Ping!
‘Not so much, and nosebleeds!’
Chen Ping felt that it was a bit too exaggerated!
He had seen the naked Zhu Ling last night, and although he himself was in a surging mood and was a bit restless, but it wasn’t so bad that he had a nosebleed!
Last night he saw the naked Zhu Ling, although he was also in a surging mood, some can’t help it, but not to the nosebleed ah!
‘Don’t believe me, you’ll know what it means to be a fairy when you see it later.’
Wei Qing was very excited as he rubbed his fists together!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled faintly, if he told the truth that he had looked at Zhu Ling, he didn’t know what kind of expression this Wei Qing would have!
Lowering his head, he followed Elder Yu at the back!
After entering a room, the two guards very thoughtfully closed the door!
Only to see Zhu Ling sitting on a chair with a white dress, her white and tender skin was as if a boiled egg had just been peeled!
‘Zhu Ling meets Elder Yu ……’
Seeing Elder Yu, Zhu Ling hurriedly got up and saluted!
‘Young miss, you mustn’t do that, you’re discounting Elder Yu.’
Seeing this, Elder Yu said in a panic!
‘Elder Yu, my father has retired and is no longer the Sect Master, so you don’t need to call me Missy, just call me Zhu Ling directly.’
Zhu Ling said!
‘Old me will always be the old sect master’s subordinate, and will always be loyal to the old sect master, regardless of whether the old sect master but does not serve as the Purple Flame Sect Master it’s all the same.’
Elder Yu said with a serious face!
Zhu Ling was very touched, she was able to meet Elder Yu also because of his loyalty!
‘Elder Yu, the two behind are ……’
Zhu Ling looked towards Chen Ping and Wei Qing!
Only Chen Ping had his head lowered and did not see Chen Ping’s face!
‘This is my eldest disciple Wei Qing, who is now a deacon disciple.’
Elder Yu pointed at Wei Qing and said!
‘Wei Qing pays his respects to Senior Sister Zhu Ling!’
Wei Qing hurriedly went forward, looking at Zhu Ling’s overwhelming appearance, Wei Qing looked very flustered, his eyes didn’t know where to look!
While speaking, Wei Qing’s nose suddenly spurted out blood!
‘Cluck cluck cluck …………’
Seeing Wei Qing in that state, Zhu Ling covered her mouth and laughed!