“Ling’er, you shouldn’t be thinking about that guy, he’s not worth your sadness for him at all!”
Su Yuqi knew that Gu Ling’er was remembering again the sad things she used to do when she followed Qin Feng!
Gu Ling’er smiled, “How can I still think about him, I just can’t trust men now!”
Su Yuqi smiled helplessly, not knowing how to persuade Gu Ling’er, after a girl’s heart is broken, it’s hard to recover as before!
Just then, suddenly an angry shout rang out from outside!
“Who are you people? This is a private place, please leave quickly …………”
The man that Red Phoenix had sent to guard outside shouted a loud reprimand!
“Who’s here?” Su Yuqi said with a strange look on her face!
“I don’t know, let’s go out and take a look!” Gu Ling’er pulled Su Yuqi on and headed outside!
And at this moment outside the villa door, six people were quietly watching the guards outside the villa, one of them was none other than Qin Feng, and on one side of Qin Feng stood a guy with long, unkempt hair, like a wild man.
“Uncle Wolf, that kid lives in here!”
Qin Feng said to the wild man like fellow beside him, this man was none other than the wild wolf who had come along with Qin Feng.
“Well, go in and take a look, I so want to smell a woman’s smell ……”
That wild wolf sniffed his nose and suddenly a brilliant light flashed in his eyes and said!
“Uncle Wolf’s nose is really remarkable, there are two beautiful chicks inside this villa, and they are both virgins!”
Qin Feng smiled heatedly towards that wild wolf!
“Hahahaha, you’re not bad, you know that Uncle Wolf is good at this, I’ll catch that kid for you later and let you do with him as you please!”
The wild wolf laughed and walked towards the villa as if he was going back to his own home, he didn’t even put those guards in his eyes!
“Stand still, if you don’t stand still, we’ll make a move ……”
Seeing this, the hurried guards flashed their weapons and their expressions became tense!
“A bunch of things that don’t know how to live and die, still not letting open?”
Qin Feng roared, then waved his hand, and four Qin family experts leapt up behind him!
Before a few guards could react, their throats were directly cut by a sharp instrument, all dying tragically on the spot!
When they heard the commotion, Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix rushed out with their men, and when they saw the corpses on the ground, Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix were all shocked, followed by dozens of men surrounding Qin Feng and the others!
“Who are you people? How dare you kill people here?”
Lin Tianhu frowned and said.
“Is Chen Ping in there, tell him to get out and say that I, Qin Feng, have returned to take revenge!”
Qin Feng coldly swept a glance at Lin Tianhu and said!
“Mr. Chen is not here, you broke into a private house and killed one of our men, don’t think you can leave today!”
Lin Tianhu’s face was full of gloom, and one hand was gripping the knife in his hand with a deadly grip!
And Red Phoenix’s face was ugly at this moment, her eyebrows were tightly knitted together, she could feel that the few people in front of her were very strong, especially the scruffy guy, his strength was unfathomable!
“Go? Did we say go? Whether that Chen Ping is there or not, I’m not leaving!”
Qin Feng said with the corner of his mouth raised!
This time, Lin Tianhu had nothing to say, and with a flick of his sword in his hand, he was about to charge up!
Who knew that Red Phoenix pulled Lin Tianhu and gave him a wink before turning to Qin Feng and saying, “This gentleman, I don’t know how Mr. Chen has offended you, now that Mr. Chen is really not here, why don’t you leave your name and when Mr. Chen returns, I will tell Mr. Chen to make amends with you at his door!”
“Chifeng, how can you ask Mr. Chen to make amends?” When Lin Tianhu heard this, he became a little anxious!
But Chifeng didn’t pay any attention to him, instead she said to Qin Feng with a smile on her face.
“Although you are on the older side, your posture is really good, and your speech is also catchy, if you accompany my Uncle Wolf for a bit, perhaps I can listen to your suggestion!”
Qin Feng looked at Red Phoenix with a lecherous smile on his face.