“In that case, go to hell ……”
Ning Zhi didn’t say anything.
His finger gently clicked on his forehead, and a drop of essence blood dripped down, then onto the copper cymbal.
In an instant, the plain cymbal glowed with light, and a burst of extremely terrifying murderous energy diffused from it.
Feeling the murderous aura that spread out, Chen Ping gritted his teeth and brought the power of the divine Dragon to its fullest extent.
Faced with such a magic treasure, Chen Ping did not dare to be the least bit careless.
Looking at Chen Ping like that, the corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted slightly, “It’s useless, in front of this magic treasure of mine, you’re not even worse than a mole.”
With that said, Ning Zhi threw the copper cymbal in his hand towards Chen Ping.
Soon, the cymbal grew larger in mid-air, and a ray of light emanated from it, shining directly on Chen Ping’s body.
Instantly a murderous light filled the air and everyone looked on in surprise.
Chen Ping clenched his teeth and looked at the cymbal pressing towards him, Chen Ping smashed his fist out.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
A golden light like a shot exploded out from Chen Ping’s fist.
It smashed directly and fiercely on top of that bronze cymbal.
It was only a pity that this fist did not show the slightest change when it struck above that cymbal.
Rumble …………
The bronze cymbal directly crushed Chen Ping inside.
And within the bronze cymbal, a killing force kept pa*sing over Chen Ping’s body.
“The Ning Family’s house-holding treasure is so powerful, that Chen Ping doesn’t even have the room to resist.”
“No, how arrogant that Chen Ping was at the beginning, so many of us weren’t afraid, and now he’s directly crushed inside.”
“Wait and see, in less than a quarter of an hour, that Chen Ping will probably be reduced to mush!”
The crowd was all relieved to see Chen Ping being suppressed, and discussed in whispers.
Ning Zhi looked at the bronze cymbal and was heartbroken, the magic power of this cymbal could only be used once.
So after this one time, the cymbal would become an ordinary thing, no longer a magic treasure.
Only, people from other clans and families did not know about this.
Now that they saw that the Ning Clan still had such a powerful magic treasure, each and every one of them became even more loyal to the Ning Clan.
“Gentlemen, today’s excitement has been stirred by that Chen Ping, let’s move to the other villa halls and the banquet will continue ……”
Although these clans and families had just fought against Chen Ping, all of them had budded their intention to retreat.
However, Ning Zhi could not use this to get angry, after all, these people had also just defected to the Ning family, so Ning Zhi had to pull these people together.
However, just as Ning Zhi was about to lead the men to the other halls and continue the banquet.
There suddenly began to be a ringing within the bra*s cymbals!
dong …… dong …… dong ……
Chen Ping seemed to be within the bronze cymbal and began to struggle desperately.
“What’s that sound, could it be that Chen Ping is still resisting?”
Someone looked towards the bronze cymbal.
“Don’t worry, no matter how much he resists, he won’t be able to break free, after ten minutes, he’ll be mush.”
Ning Zhi said without the slightest worry.
“This Chen Ping is too perverted, it’s even better that he knows the Unbreakable Golden Body, his flesh is also so strong.”
“If it was an ordinary Martial Sect, I’m afraid I wouldn’t be able to stay within this copper cymbal for two minutes.”
“It’s just a pity that this Chen Ping is stubborn, if he could bow down and join the Ning Family, we, the people, would have enough power to follow the Martial Alliance in a fight.”
The crowd discussed and lamented ……
But just as people, were discussing, the sound within the copper cymbal surprisingly became louder and louder.
Not only was there a sound coming from it, but the cymbal actually appeared to be bulging one by one.
It was as if it had been viciously smashed out from the inside.
At this moment, everyone was stunned.
And that Ning Zhi’s face became even more ugly.
At this moment, Ning Zhi could not tell what he felt inside.
If Chen Ping could really break this cymbal, Ning Zhi’s face would have been smashed.
And the others would be even more afraid to confront Chen Ping.