Just as Cheng Jing would be preparing to lead people to the Blood Spirit Valley, a disciple suddenly hurriedly ran to report!
“Patriarch, Luo …… Luo Shouhai is here and has already arrived outside the door ……”
The disciple said in a panic!
Upon hearing that Luo Shouhai had taken the initiative to come, Cheng Jing would instantly become a little flustered, ever since he left the Blood Spirit Valley and created the Blood Spirit Peak, Luo Shouhai had not come to the Blood Spirit Peak once!
And now it took the initiative to come looking for him, this caused Cheng Jinghai to have a bad feeling in his heart, it was very likely that the other party already knew about their massacre of Blood Spirit Valley!
“How many of them have come?”
Cheng Jinghui asked!
“Three people ……,” the disciple replied!
Upon hearing three people, Cheng Jinghui secretly breathed a sigh of relief, then said “Invite them in ……”
“Patriarch, that Luo Shouhai wouldn’t be here to raise an offence, would he?”
The elder asked!
“No, he only came with three people, how can he raise an offence? If he really knows that the Blood Spirit Valley was slaughtered by me, then I’ll make it so that he can never leave this place.”
Cheng Jinghui said with a murderous aura flashing in his eyes!
How to say that the Blood Spirit Valley was also the place where Cheng Jinghui had learnt from his master, but now he had directly destroyed the Blood Spirit Valley, this kind of disgrace would definitely be laughed at by the crowd!
Therefore, Cheng Jinghui must not let this matter get out!
Cheng Jinghui was seated on the main seat, and after seeing Luo Shouhai walk into the hall with the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and Chen Ping, he was stunned!
He had originally thought that Luo Shouhai would bring Luo Xi and Jin Dong!
He didn’t expect it to be someone else!
Especially the Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man, Cheng Jing would involuntarily wince a little at the sight of him!
Cheng Jinghui placed his gaze back on Chen Ping, only briefly sweeping it before moving away, a Harmonisation Realm cultivator could not even enter his eyes!
“Senior brother, I don’t know what’s the matter with you suddenly coming to my place?”
Cheng Jinghui asked to Luo Shouhai!
Luo Shouhai looked at Cheng Jinghui, and didn’t beat around the bush, and asked bluntly, “My Blood Spirit Valley’s disciples were massacred, and not a single survivor was left alive, is this something you did?”
“What?”
Cheng Jing would get up violently, a look of surprise on his face!
But at this moment, inside his heart, he had already panicked, he didn’t expect that Luo Shouhai would be so direct, but it looked like Luo Shouhai was only guessing, that’s why Cheng Jinghui pretended to have a surprised face!
“Senior brother, what did you say? Blood Spirit Valley suffered a massacre, not a single survivor was left behind? Who the hell did this?”
“How could you possibly suspect me? Even though I hate you and I’m very Blood Spirit Valley, it’s impossible for me to do something like this ah.”
“Blood Spirit Valley is my root, if I did something as bad as this kind of pig and dog, wouldn’t I be laughed to death.”
“You tell me, what’s going on? If I find out who dared to make a move against the Blood Spirit Valley, I will break him into pieces!”
Cheng Jinghui’s face was filled with anger as he slapped his palm, smashing the table in front of him!
Looking at Cheng Jinghui’s appearance, Luo Shouhai was momentarily out of ideas!
After all, he didn’t want to believe that this matter was done by Cheng Jinghui!
How could Cheng Jinghui do such a thing?
Chen Ping was looking at Cheng Jinghui’s superb performance, a cold smile appeared on his face, this guy is really good at pretending, it’s really a pity that he didn’t go to the theatre!
Luo Shouhai glanced at Chen Ping, seeing that Chen Ping didn’t say anything, so he asked Cheng Jinghui “This matter really wasn’t done by you?”
“Senior brother, how could I possibly do such a thing that is worse than a pig or dog, if I did it, I am willing to be struck by the five thunders and not be allowed to die a good death ……”
Cheng Jinghui actually started swearing!
Seeing this, Luo Shouhai really believed Cheng Jinghui, as for what Chen Ping had said, maybe it was really a dream!
“Since it’s not you, I’ll leave you alone!”
Luo Shouhai prepared to leave the Blood Spirit Peak!