In fact, these old men had also heard the conversation that had just taken place, and at this moment they were all holding their breath, they had to open the formation for everyone to see!
But at that moment, a light suddenly flashed from the stone gate, followed by a burst of vastness that shot out.
Blood splattered, and several other old men were splattered with blood, each with a face full of horror and frozen at the scene!
“What’s going on here ……?”
Tong Youcai asked with a dumbfounded expression.
“The old man who had just said that he could break the formation and that it would work in a day’s time was now filled with panic and speechless!
“I told you, you can’t break the formation in a month, the way you break the formation is not right, that is to break the formation by force, and there is a killing formation in this formation, to break the formation by force is to die!”
“Now you know how powerful it is, don’t you? Do you dare to continue to break the formation?”
Chen Ping said with a calm face.
The Tian Lei School’s rush masters, one by one, backed away from the stone gate in a panic!
This almost made that Tong Youzui vomit blood!
“Chen Ping, didn’t you say that you could break the formation in a minute? I promise you that you will distribute the treasures behind the stone gate!”
Tong Youzhu nodded at Chen Ping and said!
Since the array is so powerful, if Chen Ping goes to break it, he will probably die here too, that’s why Tong Youzhu has agreed to do it!
“If you had said yes earlier, the stone door would have been opened long ago!”
Chen Ping smiled lightly and walked towards the stone door!
“Mr. Chen, you have to be careful ……”
Liu Rui reminded Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, I’m sure ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and walked to the stone door, then gently placed his hands against the door!
When they saw such a scene, everyone held their breath and stared, wanting to see what Chen Ping’s result would be!
Old Liu and Leng Yun were also watching intently, wanting to know what Chen Ping had done to break the formation within a minute!
As Chen Ping’s hands flashed with golden light, a golden light penetrated the stone door, and the patterns in the formation began to flash with the golden light!
Buzz …………
Suddenly, the golden light burst forth, and a terrifying aura emanated from the stone door, and Chen Ping was instantly engulfed by this aura!
When the others felt this breath, their bodies flew backwards!
“Hahahaha, this is what happens when you pretend to be a coward, you broke the formation in one minute, now the formation is activated, you will die for sure!”
Tong Youcai laughed out loud!
Liu Rui was looking at Chen Ping nervously, her hands clenched into fists!
The terrifying aura just now did not want to emanate from the killing array.
“Creak …………”
Suddenly, a sound of boulders rubbing against each other came out, causing goose bumps all over the body!
The terrifying aura did not cause any damage to Chen Ping!
With the opening of the stone door, a cold and biting wind came out from inside the remains of the Water Fairy Palace!
Everyone shivered involuntarily.
It was as if this place was not like a sect, but more like an underground morgue!
But Chen Ping had pushed the stone door open in such a short time, which surprised everyone!
“Mr. Chen, how on earth did you do that? Breaking the formation in such a short time?”
Old Liu was curious as to how exactly Chen Ping had broken the formation.
Leng Yun was equally curious and walked up to him and said, “Mr. Chen, what method did you use? We didn’t see you break the formation?”
All of them were curious about how Chen Ping broke the formation in such a short time!