“Right, we can’t just stand by with our arms folded and run away alone!”
Bao Longxing also raised his arm!
Many of the pill masters who were kept in the dark also began to respond!
Only Chen Wenliang and also Zhen Yuandao and the others looked at Su Tianshuo without a word!
Ouyang Wufeng was also very moved when he saw that Su Tianshuo was actually going to lead the people to follow Pill God Island in the common resistance!
“President Su, thank you for thinking of our Pill God Island, only my father has said that it is imperative that you all leave Pill God Island safely.”
“The Zhentian Dharma Sect’s techniques are highly powerful, it’s not something that people like us can deal with.”
Ouyang Wufeng said!
“Sir Ouyang, even if we die, we will never let Pill God Island suffer alone.”
Su Tianshuo said with righteousness!
“Zhou Qian, Zhen Yuandao, why aren’t you guys saying anything, do you want to run?”
“Still a famous medicine family, I see it as dog farts ……”
Bao Longxing saw that both the Zhou family and Zhen family’s were not speaking, so he deliberately mocked!
“You …………”
Zhen Yuandao and Zhou Qian were instantly enraged and wanted to open their mouths, but they were stopped by Chen Wenliang!
Chen Wenliang could see that this Su Tianshuo and the others, were obviously deliberately making the crowd go and fight after the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
“Gentlemen, we at Pill God Island appreciate your kindness, but none of you need to go, it’s better to leave quickly.”
“Fellow Daoist Chen has gone forward to help, I have to stop him as quickly as possible, so I can’t take you all away!”
Ouyang Wufeng finished speaking and turned around, ready to leave!
“Mr Ouyang, you said that Chen Ping he went to deal with that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect?”
When Ruyan Liu heard this, she hurriedly asked!
“That’s right, when I rushed over, I ran into fellow Daoist Chen, and after he heard about it, he rushed off to help my father.”
“So I’m going to stop him as soon as possible, so that he doesn’t go to his death for nothing!”
Ouyang Wufeng finished speaking and his body instantly leapt up!
Liu Ruyan looked at Nie Heng, then the two of them also directly chased after him!
Since they knew that Chen Ping had gone, it was impossible for them to escape alone!
Seeing this, Chen Wenliang then followed Zhou Qian and Zhen Yuandao and said, “Since Fellow Daoist Chen has gone, then we can’t just stand by and watch, let’s go ……”
Chen Wenliang and these people had all been saved by Chen Ping, so now that Chen Ping was in danger, they would never ignore it!
Soon, everyone hurriedly rushed to the Pill God Island harbour, boarded the spirit boats and headed straight to the direction of the great battle!
And at this time, Chen Ping had already utilised his Royal Flame Steps and was rapidly approaching the sea where the battle was taking place!
Boom!
Accompanied by a loud bang, Chen Ping realised that the front was filled with smoke!
Hundreds of people wearing black robes that covered their faces were constantly casting spells, while Ouyang Xing led the many sons and daughters of Pill God Island in a desperate attempt to resist!
At Ouyang Xing’s and their feet, several spirit boats had long since been destroyed, sending out rolling smoke!
Countless spells, descending from the sky, continuously bombarded the Pill God Island’s crowd!
Ouyang Xing, on the other hand, was using countless golden armour bugs, constantly impacting the surrounding spells, the bite of these golden armour bugs was huge, tens of thousands of golden armour bugs, forcing a spell to break through!
However, pieces and pieces of Golden Beetles also continued to fall, and the corpses of Golden Beetles floated on the entire surface of the sea!
If it wasn’t for these Golden Beetles, I’m afraid that Ouyang Xing and the others wouldn’t have been able to hold out long ago!
Even so, there were constantly disciples from Medicine God Island who were killed by the art attacks!
“Island Master, we can’t hold out much longer, if we don’t leave, we’ll all die here.”
An elder said loudly to Ouyang Xing!
“We can’t leave, hold on for a bit, I don’t know if those pill masters on the island have left yet.”
Ouyang Xing gritted his teeth, even if they all died, he had to delay some more time before he could do so!
If all the pill masters were blocked on Pill God Island, I’m afraid that there wouldn’t be any more pill masters’ associations in that heavenly human world!
“Old man Ouyang, is there any point in this desperate struggle of yours? It’s nothing more than delaying some time, the result will still be the same.”
A masked fellow mocked at Ouyang Xing.