Snort, snort, snort!
The iron claw cut through the air with a terrifying wind-breaking sound!
As the crowd watched this scene, they had no doubt that if this claw had struck, five bloody holes would definitely appear on the top of Luo Jinzuo’s head!
“Wind Rolling Clouds!”
Luo Jinzuo’s palms were staggered, and a terrifying wind of palm swept towards his opponent!
Hoo hoo hoo!
The wind whistled and a fierce wind suddenly blew up!
It felt as if it could blow away all the clouds in the sky!
It was overwhelming and overwhelming!
Neither of them held back, both of them using their lifelong mastery.
Incredibly terrifying auras surged through the two men’s bodies.
At this time, anyone who was a little careless might lose their lives.
Boo!
A soft sound!
The fierce wind crashed into Ding Bu Er’s hand and claw.
The tremendous force directly sent Ding Bu’er’s body tumbling out.
After Ding Bu’er’s body tumbled out, he made a pirouette in the air, followed by heading towards Luo Jinzuo once again.
“Mountain Breaking Palm!”
With his body in the air, Ding Bu’er shouted, then staggered his palms in front of his body with a swing!
Stab!
Several near-transparent palm winds flew in the air towards Luo Jin Zuo.
The palm winds carried a terrifying sharpness and emitted an ear-piercing whistle as they sliced through the air!
In the blink of an eye, the palm wind spanned a distance of four to five metres and flew in front of Luo Jinzuo’s chest!
“This Ding Bu’er, he’s really getting stronger and stronger!”
“This palm, I’m afraid it could take down a mountain, right?”
“The move is as terrifying as its name, the Mountain Breaking Palm! It’s too powerful!”
Seeing this scene, everyone watching from the hill widened their eyes, their eyes filled with shock.
One must know that the four villains of the Vicious Valley hadn’t struck for a long time!
Now that the crowd had seen Ding Bu’er’s strength, it had also improved quite a lot.
Luo Jinzuo looked at Ding Bu’er and slapped out another palm!
A white wave of Qi, like a wave, crashed towards that palm wind.
Poof, poof, poof!
With a few soft sounds, the wave of Qi and the palm wind clashed together and both of them disappeared!
Ding Bu’er changed his stance extremely quickly.
Just as he landed on the ground, his heel stomped hard on the ground and his body was like a cannonball, rushing towards Luo Jinzuo once again!
Looking at Ding Bu’er’s speed, he didn’t look like an old man who had already pa*sed his prime.
“Soul Breaking Palm!”
Ding Bu’er shouted explosively, and a black smoke seemed to envelop his body!
His hands, too, turned pitch-black in colour, looking as appalling as a stern ghost!
“Hmph, Ding Bu’er, you have always claimed that you have never practiced evil kung fu and are not an evil cultivator, but today you have revealed yourself, haven’t you?”
“What is this if not evil kung fu? All of you in the Vicious Valley are evil cultivators, today I’m exterminating your Vicious Valley, and I’m also eliminating harm for the martial arts world!”
Seeing Ding Bu Er’s Soul-Severing Palm, Luo Jin Zuo shouted out a loud rebuke.
“D*mn you, this is the best technique I have trained for years, how can it be an evil technique, today I will show you if this Soul Breaking Palm of mine is an evil technique!”
Ding Bu Er cursed at Luo Jin Zuo.
The four villains, none of them were easy to mess with, although they were all not young, they liked to open their mouths and curse people.
Moreover, this Soul Breaking Palm was Ding Bu’er’s best move!
The Soul-Severing Palm is extremely difficult to practice, and both hands are soaked in poison!
Not only is it powerful, but it is also extremely poisonous!
The Soul-Severing Palm is a move that breaks the soul, hence its name!
However, this Soul-Severing Palm was not an evil technique, and Ding Bu’er was not an evil cultivator.
If the Evil Valley was full of evil cultivators, how could it be possible that the resources in the valley were depleted and everyone’s cultivation was much slower.
Evil cultivators can suck the essence of ordinary people, or the energy of martial artists, so as long as there are people around, there is no way that cultivation resources would be depleted.
Obviously, the Valley of the Wicked is not an evil cultivator, and no one has ever heard of the Valley of the Wicked brutalising ordinary people over the years.
It is only that the four evil men are eccentric in nature and like to curse people with their mouths, so many people call them evil men and this place is also known as the Valley of Evil Men.