“En, Uncle Long came up with this idea so that we could kill so many people from the Ning family, if we went to the Ning family and fought hard, we would probably be dead by now ……”
Wu Mei’er said.
Chen Ping looked at Gu Ling’er and the three girls, his heart was filled with mixed feelings, knowing that he was dead, yet he defied the danger to avenge himself.
“Let’s go, go see Uncle Long!”
Chen Ping said.
…………
Kyoto, the Ning family!
The two men who had shot to capture Gu Ling’er were currently kneeling in the hall.
On top of them sat Ning Hai, with an unbelievable face.
“Are you sure that the person you saw was Chen Ping?”
Ning Dahai questioned.
“Family head, it is him, there is no mistaking it.”
One of the Ning family members said.
Ning Dahai frowned and was silent, how could he not understand how on earth Chen Ping had survived.
Another thing, it had only been three short days, even if Chen Ping hadn’t died, but how did his body recover from such a heavy injury?
“So Chen Ping didn’t strike at you guys, and you two just ran back like that? Do you have hostages in your hands and are you also afraid of that Chen Ping?”
Ning Zhi asked angrily at the two Ning Family hostages, “You are at least Martial Sects, are you that weak?”
“Eldest Young Master, that Chen Ping didn’t make a move, but the aura that emanated from him was too much for the two of us to bear, let alone make a move.”
A member of Ning’s family explained.
“Nonsense, that Chen Ping is only a half-step Martial Marquis, how could he have such a terrifying aura?”
Ning Zhi didn’t believe it, he had followed Chen Ping in a fight.
It was simply impossible to say that without making a move, the aura emitted alone would overwhelm two Martial Sect experts.
“Eldest Young Master, truly, we are not lying to you, the aura that Chen Ping emitted is no worse than that of the old master, I’m afraid.”
“I think that Chen Ping should have already broken through to Martial Marquis ……”
The two Ning family members hurriedly explained.
“Breakthrough to Martial Marquis?”
Ning Zhi’s eyes were wide with disbelief.
If Chen Ping had broken through to Martial Marquis, wouldn’t his hope of getting revenge be even slimmer?
“Breakthrough to Martial Marquis?”
Ning Hai stood up with a scuffle, his face full of shock.
“Yes, according to the aura emitted by that Chen Ping, he should be right up to Martial Marquis!”
A member of Ning’s family nodded and said.
Ning Hai sat back down again with a poof.
The whole man fell into silence, if he said that Chen Ping hadn’t died, he could accept it.
If it was said that Chen Ping’s body had recovered, he could also accept it.
But if it was said that Chen Ping had broken through to Martial Marquis, then he could not accept it.
What was this? In just a few days, a person who was on the verge of death and had even shattered his dantian had broken through to Martial Marquis.
Tell that to anyone, who could believe it!
“Could it be that I helped him?”
Ning Hai suddenly remembered something.
At that time, he had shattered Chen Ping’s dantian and had intended to make Chen Ping an ordinary person.
To be an invalid forever!
However, he did not expect that this would directly give Chen Ping the opportunity to make a breakthrough.
Ning Hai knew that in order to break through to Martial Marquis, it was not just a matter of cultivation, the opportunity was also very important.
As for what the opportunity is, it all varies from person to person!
Every person who breaks through to Martial Marquis has a different opportunity. Some people may sleep and dream and break through.
Some may have a breakthrough after sleeping and dreaming. Some may have a breakthrough after playing chess.
Others are stuck at half-step Martial Marquis for the rest of their lives, without even looking for the opportunity!
“Could it be that this Chen Ping’s opportunity is to break the Dantian?”
Ning Hai now regretted somewhat, regretting breaking Chen Ping’s dantian at that time.
Regretted not being able to twist Chen Ping’s head off at that time.
But there was no use regretting it now!
“All of you, go down!”
Ning Hai waved his hand, allowing the two Ning family members to all go down.
“Dad, what do we do next? That Chen Ping is coming to the door tomorrow and wants to challenge you ……”
Ning Zhi asked to Ning Dahai.