But at that moment, the two people beside Xu Song had their eyes widening, their eyes filled with incredulity!
Poof! Poof!
Immediately afterwards, two sounds of falling to the ground rang out, and Xu Song looked in horror at his companions, all of whom had now fallen in a pool of blood, and their bodies had turned into two pieces.
The thick smell of blood instantly stimulated Xu Song’s nerves, and Xu Song was as dumb as a fool at this moment.
It wasn’t that Chen Ping’s sword was parried by their defences, but that Chen Ping had deliberately left Xu Song alive!
He wanted Xu Song to die in terror, and as long as they were from the Martial Alliance, Chen Ping would use cruel methods to make them die.
Chen Ping took the Dragon Chopper Sword and walked towards Xu Song step by step.
“Kill me, you kill me, kill me quickly ……”
Xu Song was so stimulated that his entire person fell into a frenzy, looking at Chen Ping who was walking over, he violently rushed towards Chen Ping, then grabbed Chen Ping’s collar in a deadly grip, allowing Chen Ping to kill himself.
A sword results in life, that kind of death is still more painful, but facing death like this, waiting for the death of the general, this is the most torturous time.
“Don’t worry, I will definitely kill you, but I won’t let you die a painful death ……”
Chen Ping put the Dragon Chopping Sword away, his face full of ice and cold, and said.
“What are you …… going to do to me? We were sent by Lord Zhu, and when the time comes, Lord Zhu will avenge us ……”
Xu Song gritted his teeth, the corners of his eyes twitching continuously.
“Revenge?” Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, “Even if Zhu Zhishan doesn’t look for me, I will go and kill him ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he slapped a palm on Xu Song’s head, and immediately afterwards, Xu Song only felt the strength within his body draining away rapidly.
Xu Song’s body began to shrink, and eventually it actually became as if he was a dried up old man.
However, Chen Ping did not let Xu Song die, but left him with a breath in.
“You will stay here and slowly wait for death ……”
Chen Ping finished his sentence and slowly walked towards the outside of Extreme Bliss City.
“Kill me, kill me …………”
Xu Song’s body fell to the ground and hissed desperately, but Chen Ping’s figure had long since disappeared.
…………
Kyoto!
After Long Xiao got that Xiao Ru was in Pill God Valley, he immediately took many experts from the Long Family to Pill God Valley to capture him.
At this moment, Long Xiao’s face was overflowing with complacency, his heart swelling to the extreme!
He even began to think about the future when the Long Family would rule the entire Kyoto martial arts world.
“As long as you capture this little girl, get the armor on her and absorb her strength, I believe that no one will be your opponent in Kyoto anymore.”
In his mind, the soul spirit’s old voice rang out.
The corners of Long Xiao’s mouth lifted as he said with a grim smile, “Could I absorb that little girl’s strength and be able to ascend to the Great Martial Marquis realm?”
“Even if you elevate to the Great Martial Marquis realm, you can’t be invincible in the Kyoto Martial Dao Realm, what really makes you invincible is that armor, that is a holy relic, at that time, that Zhu Zhi Shan kicked on that little girl, yet that little girl was unhurt, just know how powerful this armor is …… ”
The spirit said excitedly.
“What if that little girl is using the Buddha’s Light? Wouldn’t that mean you’d be hiding again and I’d have to face it myself ……”
Long Xiao asked to the soul spirit.
Hearing the tone of voice, Long Xiao was still feeling a bit dissatisfied with Soul Spirit for hiding and leaving him alone.
“With your current strength, even if I don’t show my face, how many people are your opponent, not to mention that you have brought so many people with you, can’t you even catch a little girl?”
The spirit asked with a bit of mockery in his tone.
“Humph, of course I can catch it, a mere pill god valley can’t stop me ……”
Long Xiao coldly grunted and said.
“All of you speed up for me, I can’t wait a bit ……”
Long Xiao ordered loudly, and then accelerated his speed.