“You Pill God Island are all devil cultivators as well, so how is it that being the same devil cultivator, this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect is not spared as well?”Chen Ping asked curiously, his brows furrowed as he tried to sort out the complicated relationship.
When Ouyang Xing heard this, his face instantly became a little ugly as he glared angrily and said loudly, “When you say that we are demonic cultivators, can you detect a trace of demonic aura from us?”
His voice echoed in the air with deep anger and dissatisfaction.
Chen Ping was stunned, and then his Divine Sense radiated out, carefully probing Ouyang Xing and Ouyang Wufeng on the side.
However, to his surprise, there was not a trace of demonic aura on the two people! This made Chen Ping feel very strange, and he could not help but fall into deep thought.
However, Chen Ping had heard that the pill masters on the Pill God Island were all driven to the Pill God Island to be left to fend for themselves because they had cultivated demonic skills and had become demonic cultivators!
However, right now, there was not a trace of demonic aura present on Ouyang Xing’s father and son, so that proved that there was no cultivation of demonic skills at all!
“How come there is no demonic aura on you guys?”Chen Ping asked in surprise, his gaze filled with doubt and incomprehension.
“We are not demonic cultivators at all, so how did we get a demonic aura, the reason why you have heard that the pill masters on the Pill God Island are all demonic cultivators is just a rumour from a long time ago.”
Ouyang Xing’s face was blue, his voice was filled with helplessness and grief, “Many of us were ostracised to Pill God Island, and were not cultivating demonic skills! They ostracised us to the Pill God Island and left us to fend for ourselves, and made up lies to slander us!”
Only then did Chen Ping realise that the rumours about the Pill God Island were all false, and were all slanderous words that had been passed down in the past!
He felt a pang of guilt, blaming himself for his previous misunderstanding.
“Island Master Ouyang, then why didn’t you follow the crowd and make it clear that we could have helped Pill God Island defend against the enemy together.”
“Moreover, your Pill God Island’s strength isn’t bad, I’m afraid it’s not that easy for that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect to occupy Pill God Island.”Chen Ping said.
Hearing Chen Ping say so, Ouyang Xing let out a light sigh and said, “Ai, you simply don’t know, the Pill God Island doesn’t seem to have a bad strength, but in fact, many people come to the Pill God Island to take refuge, or to seek medical treatment.”
“Once Pill God Island encounters danger, these people will leave without hesitation, they won’t put their lives on the line for Pill God Island.”
“The many cultivators in the Celestial Realm are all selfish, and this is also produced by the large background of the entire Celestial Realm, there’s no way around it!”
His gaze revealed deep helplessness and disappointment.
“If the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect really attacked, the only ones who would be able to defend against it would be the many sons of our Ouyang Family, so I didn’t let the Ouyang Family’s sons enter the Pill Cauldron Mountain in order to prepare a good defence to meet the attack of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect at any time!”
“Moreover, that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect are all people who know arts, it’s simply not something that us pill masters can deal with, and we don’t know much about any arts, so we can only passively resist.”
“I also don’t know how long we can resist, so you only have three days, what you can get depends on everyone’s destiny, you hurry up and enter the Pill Cauldron Mountain, time is precious!”Ouyang Xing had a sincere face, at the same time it was also evident that he was very dissatisfied with this ethos of selfishness in the Celestial Realm.
Looking at Ouyang Xing who did not look like he was lying, Chen Ping then spoke, “Ouyang Island Master, I can help you out, I also know some cultivators who practise arts and crafts, I can get them to help!”
Chen Ping’s gaze was firm as he decided to step forward and help Pill God Island through this crisis.
“Really?”Ouyang Xing looked excited when he saw Chen Ping say that there were art cultivators to help, as if he had seen a ray of light in the darkness, “That’s really great, if we have your help, our Pill God Island might still have a chance of survival!