Seeing that someone had paid up, everyone else got lively and started ordering fruit plates and asking for beer.
Zhang Tongjian, on the other hand, was praying that Chen Ping would come, otherwise he would have to bleed out again today, he was running out of credit on his credit card!
Cui Zhiyuan lay on the sofa, let Sun Xiaomeng press his head and drank some water, his drunken state was obviously better not good, but his head was still dizzy.
“I’m telling you guys, if that Chen Ping doesn’t come, if he comes later, you guys give me a hard time to pour him a drink, whoever gets him drunk, this month’s bonus is doubled ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting.
As soon as they heard that the bonus was doubled, everyone got excited at once.
“Don’t worry Manager Cui, I promise to let that Chen Ping go out lying down ……”
“If he dares to come, I’ll drink so much that he can’t find his way out ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the market.
Just as the crowd was drinking and singing, the door of the box was pushed open and Chen Ping arrived with Wang Han Han in tow!
When they saw that Chen Ping had arrived, everyone was slightly stunned, especially when they saw Wang Han Han beside Chen Ping, which made many men’s eyes light up, even Cui Zhiyuan, who was dizzy and had slightly narrowed eyes, had his eyes widened instantly after seeing Wang Han Han!
Although Sun Xiaomeng was also pretty looking, there was an air of youth in Wang Han Han, and although Wang Han Han had been a dancer in a bar, she was still very conservative at heart.
“Chen Ping, I thought you were afraid of spending money and wouldn’t come ……”
Cui Zhiyuan swept a glance at Chen Ping before continuing to place his gaze on Wang Han Han and asked, “Who is this little girl?”
“Hello everyone, my name is Wang Han Han, I’m Brother Chen Ping’s neighbour, I hope I’m not disturbing anyone ……”
Wang Han Han introduced herself politely!
“No, no disturbance ……”
“Sit down, sit down quickly ……”
“Eat fruit, there’s fruit here ……”
A bunch of men were desperately trying to be attentive, no one was bothering about Chen Ping.
That Cui Zhiyuan also coughed slightly and said, “My name is Cui Zhiyuan, I’m Chen Ping’s manager ……”
As soon as Wang Hanhan heard that Cui Zhiyuan was the manager, she immediately extended her hand somewhat nervously and said, “Hello Manager Cui ……”
“Hello, how are you ……”
Cui Zhiyuan’s eyes emitted silver light and tightly grasped Wang Han Han’s hand!
Anyone could see that that Cui Zhiyuan was looking at Wang Han Han with straight eyes, and that P*ssed Sun Xiaomeng off!
“Miss Wang, where are you now?” Cui Zhiyuan did not feel Sun Xiaomeng’s angry eyes at all, still smiling at Wang Hanhan asked.
“I …… don’t have a job ……,” Wang Han Han said with some embarra*sment.
Once Cui Zhiyuan heard this, his face smiled even more and took out a business card from his pocket, “This is my business card, if Miss Wang is interested in our company, she can come to work for us!”
“Really?” Wang Han Han’s eyes widened in surprise as soon as she heard that!
“Of course, I’m a department manager, I still have this right ……”
Cui Zhiyuan said with a proud face.
“Cui Zhiyuan …………” Sun Xiaomeng couldn’t look at it anymore, so she yelled out!
Cui Zhiyuan then remembered Sun Xiaomeng, hurriedly followed Wang Hanhan to pull away: “Sit …… all sit!”
The first thing you need to do is to get to know your colleagues.
Chen Ping was shocked by Wang Han Han’s skillful action, in front of so many people, Wang Han Han’s action was too intimate!
But Wang Han Han was doing this on purpose, in order to make these men here die to themselves, and in addition to keep Sun Xiaomeng from being jealous.