Bai Xiushan looked at Qin Xiaotian, although his eyes were full of anger, but he didn’t say anything because he really couldn’t afford to pay!
In the end, Bai Xiushan had no choice but to sit back and look at that Qin Xiaotian with a smug look on his face!
“Boss Qin, this Eight Trigrams Plate for six billion is yours, but I can say it right, you must pay the money into my account first before you can do so ……”
Zou Zhaolong at this time in his heart has long been happy, six billion to sell out a piece of rotten wood, this is simply like collecting money!
“Boss Zou, don’t worry, I …………”
“I’ll offer seven billion!” Just before Qin Xiaotian had finished speaking, Chen Ping, who had been resting his eyes closed, suddenly opened his eyes and spoke directly.
As soon as Chen Ping opened his mouth, everyone shifted their gazes to him, and even Bai Xiushan, who was at the side, looked at Chen Ping in shock!
Everyone couldn’t understand how Chen Ping had followed him to fight for this Eight Trigrams Plate.
Hadn’t he just said that the Eight Trigrams Plate was just a piece of rotten wood? If it was a piece of rotten wood, why did he offer so much money for it?
“Young man, I don’t just shout out a price here, if you shout out a price and end up not having the money to pay, do you know what the consequences will be?”
When Zou Zhaolong saw that Chen Ping was also shouting out a price, he said with a cold face!
He thought that Chen Ping was just following the trouble, after all, Yuan Baozhong had said that Chen Ping’s magic was also very clever, and since he could see the origin of this Eight Trigrams Plate, why did he still shout for a price?
There was only one explanation, and that was to cause trouble, in order to spoil this auction!
“Don’t worry, since I bid, I certainly have the money to pay!” Chen Ping said, throwing the bank card that he had just used for the bet to Zou Zhaolong: “Here’s two billion, if I don’t have the money to pay after I win, this two billion will be taken as a deposit and can be non-refundable!”
Zou Zhaolong picked up the bank card and looked at Chen Ping with a strange face, wondering what kind of medicine Chen Ping was selling inside his gourd, but still nodded and said, “Okay, I trust you ……”
“Mr. Chen …………” Bai Xiushan looked at Chen Ping with a face full of confusion!
Chen Ping waved his hand, gesturing for Bai Xiushan not to speak!
“Boss Qin, someone has made another bid!” Zou Zhaolong said to Qin Xiaotian.
At this moment, Qin Xiaotian’s face had turned very fierce as he looked angrily at Chen Ping and slammed the table, “Didn’t you say that the Eight Trigrams Plate was just a piece of rotten wood? Why are you still fighting with me for it? You must have said that on purpose to make us give up buying it so that you can bid for it yourself, right?”
When Qin Xiaotian said this, everyone looked at Chen Ping angrily, now there was no other possibility but this explanation, if it was really a piece of rotten wood, who would spend so much money to buy it?
Even Bai Xiushan looked at Chen Ping in admiration, he hadn’t expected Chen Ping to use this method to try and pick up the pieces, although it didn’t work, it was indeed a viable solution!
“This Eight Trigrams Plate is a piece of rotten wood, that’s a fact, there’s no need for me to lie, but I’m happy to pay for this piece of rotten wood, I’ll buy it to make a fire, what do you care? I just don’t want your Qin family to buy it!”
Chen Ping said with a playful expression as the corners of his mouth lifted slightly!
This made Qin Xiaowei so mad that he almost didn’t vomit blood alive with anger!
“Kid, you have guts, I’ll show you the power of my Qin family ……”
Qin Xiaotian slammed the table and roared, “I’ll pay eight billion!”
“Nine billion!” Chen Ping said without hesitation!
“Ten billion, I’ll give ten billion …………”
Qin Xiaotian’s eyes were red and he was yelling like he was crazy!
After Qin Xiaotian shouted ten billion, everyone looked at Chen Ping, expecting him to continue shouting!
But who knew that Chen Ping would stop shouting, with a smile of triumph on his face!