“Are you planning to rob in the open?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
“Not bad, I will rob you, what can you do? Let me tell you, money is something outside the body, be careful of losing your life because of money!”
“If you lose your life, then it’s ……”
Before Shen Ji Zi could finish his words, he realised that Chen Ping had disappeared!
Immediately after a black shadow flashed past in front of him, Shen Ji Zi only felt his breath stagnate and he was a little out of breath!
Only to see that Chen Ping had already arrived in front of him, one hand cupping Shen Ji Zi’s neck!
Shen Ji Zi’s eyes were wide open, his eyes filled with incredulity!
How could he say that he was also a Fifth Grade Cultivator of the Transition Realm, this was not even a time to react yet, before he was controlled by Chen Ping, a Third Grade Cultivator of the Transition Realm!
“No one has ever dared to rob me ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were icy cold, while a stream of breath continued to gush out from his hands!
Shen Ji Zi’s entire body was suppressed by this breath, not being able to move at all, and he felt that the divine soul in his body, unexpectedly don’t peel off a little bit!
Shen Ji Zi panicked, he knew that he had met an expert.
He knew that he had met an expert. How could someone who could take out a dozen or so Purple Gold Spirit Coins be an ordinary cultivator?
Regret!
Shen Ji Zi regretted it to death, cold sweat dripping down his forehead!
“Fellow Daoist, this fellow Daoist is merciful, I’m not lying to you, I really do know the way to the Guanghan Palace, and it’s absolutely safe.”
“I can bring you to the Broad Cold Palace and return all your money to you.”
“I hope that you, Taoist friend, have a high hand and leave me a dog’s life, I have hundreds of years old parents on top, and dozens of years old children underneath, all relying on me to feed alone ah …………”
Shen Ji Zi said, even cried ……
Chen Ping also did not want to kill him, for the sake of a dozen or so purple gold spirit coins, it was not worth it!
“Do you really know the way to Guanghan Palace?”
Chen Ping asked!
Since there was no way to register at the reception, Chen Ping could only travel to the Guanghan Palace himself, and it would be best if someone led the way!
“Truly, if I tell a lie, the heavens will strike me with five thunderbolts, letting the thunderbolt strike me to death, and I will not be able to be reborn for eternity.”
Shen Ji Zi hurriedly swore!
Seeing this, Chen Ping released Shen Ji Zi.
Shen Ji Zi gasped for air and had a feeling of being reborn after the calamity!
“I will return the money to you first, and then I will take you to …….”
With that, Shen Ji Zi went to pull out the money!
“There’s no need, if you take me to the Guanghan Palace, that money will be your fee!”
Chen Ping waved his hand and said generously!
Upon hearing this, Shen Ji Zi’s eyes instantly glowed and he patted his chest and assured, “Don’t worry, Fellow Daoist, I will definitely bring you to the Guang Han Palace, and it will be fast and safe!”
Shen Ji Zi led Chen Ping out of South End City and then to the foot of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, which was all snow-capped, and could not be seen at a glance!
Shen Ji Zi did not take Chen Ping up the mountain, but continued along the foot of the mountain all the way to the south!
Chen Ping was a little surprised that the Guang Han Palace was on the mountain, but this Shen Ji Zi did not take him up the mountain!
Shen Ji Zi also saw Chen Ping’s doubts, so he explained “Fellow Daoist, I have my own secret passageway to be able to get to the Guang Han Palace, but it can only go to the outer gate, if you want to enter the outer gate, you will have to think of a way to do so on your own.”
“I also don’t have the connections to enter the outer gate, let alone meet the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace, that’s all me bragging!”
Shen Ji Zi spoke truthfully, he knew how powerful Chen Ping was, how would he dare to hide from Chen Ping!
“There is no harm, you only bring me to find the Guanghan Palace!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
As long as I found the Guanghan Palace, and found a way to meet the Palace Master and get the Heavenly Demon Stone, I would be fine!
Chen Ping did not want to stay in Guanghan Palace for a long time, nor did he want to find that Mu Kui for trouble, after all, his identity, was not suitable to stay in one place for a long time!
If his identity was exposed, the follow up would be very troublesome!
The Execution Order of the Demon Sealing Alliance did bring a lot of inconvenience to Chen Ping!
“When the day comes, I will definitely destroy the Demon Sealing Alliance!”
Chen Ping thought inwardly!
However, with his current strength, wanting to destroy the Demon Sealing Alliance was simply a pipe dream!