Chen Ping was carrying Lin Keting on his back, a burst of the body’s fragrance was continuously transmitted into Chen Ping’s nose, at the same time, the softness coming from his back made Chen Ping a bit apathetic.
Lin Keting was lying on Chen Ping’s back, the corner of her mouth slightly raised, and her palm gently pressed down on Chen Ping’s neck.
In an instant, a dark red Ting character unexpectedly appeared at Chen Ping’s neck.
“Miss Lin, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping asked with some surprise.
“Oh, nothing. I’m fine now, so let me down!”
Lin Keting sneaked a smile and said.
“You ……”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, but he still put Lin Keting down.
Lin Keting smiled towards Chen Ping and then happily walked forward.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was dumbfounded, not understanding what that Lin Keting was smiling at, and that smile was somewhat odd.
Associated with the fact that just now that Lin Ke Ting had suddenly pressed at his neck, Chen Ping hurriedly touched it with his hand, but did not find anything.
“This fellow, what the hell is going on.”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, but still followed!
The ground was full of skeletons that made creaking sounds when stepped on, but Lin Keting did not seem to be afraid anymore!
Just after the two of them walked for some distance, they realised that there were still no other people, and wondered where exactly the others had landed!
However, directly in front of them, a house appeared, this house was not made of masonry, it was more like it was built in the void.
Because the house was hidden, and along with the twisting of the void, the house also followed the twisting and deformation back and forth.
“Could it be that we’ve been hit by an illusion?”
Seeing the house that suddenly appeared, Lin Keting frowned and said.
“Impossible, if we were hit by an illusion, I would have been able to detect it in the first place.”
Chen Ping shook his head.
Although his strength was suppressed, Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness that was an invincible existence!
In order to be hit by an illusion, one had to control the other party’s Sea of Consciousness without a sound.
Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was guarded by a great devil like the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, not to mention that there was also the Great Luo Golden Canon, so what kind of illusions could control Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness ah.
“What’s going on with that house? It looks so illusory?”
Lin Keting asked in disbelief.
“You still remember that Thunder Beast said that that demonic cultivator left behind a wisp of residual soul, it is estimated that this house is where that demonic cultivator’s residual soul resides.”
“Since what’s left of that demonic cultivator is just a wisp of residual soul, so it’s not impossible to build a house in the void.”
“Let’s go over and take a look ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and curiously walked towards the house.
Lin Keting, on the other hand, followed behind Chen Ping, her body unconsciously moving closer to Chen Ping, so close that she was close to directly hugging him.
Somehow, she felt a sense of security as she leaned behind Chen Ping.
Although she had not known Chen Ping for a long time, the sense of security given by this man was something that other people simply had no way to replace.
When the two arrived in front of the illusory house, the door of the house unexpectedly opened slowly.
At this moment, both Chen Ping and Lin Keting became a little strange!
However, having arrived here, Chen Ping still walked in with a stiff upper lip, followed closely by Lin Keting!
Both of them had their strength suppressed and still dared to walk in, and they did have some guts.
But just as they walked in, the door behind them suddenly closed, followed by a change in the scene in front of the two!
What appeared in front of the two was a large hall, the hall was majestic and incomparable, following the small house they had just seen was obviously different!
On both sides of the hall, more than a dozen strange-looking stone beasts were neatly arranged, each stone beast’s mouth was burning with flames, illuminating the inside of the hall very brightly.
In the middle of the great hall, a cloaked man sat with his back to Chen Ping and the others.