Time flies!
Two days had pa*sed in the blink of an eye, and tomorrow was the time for the Dragon Gate Ceremony to be held!
The whole Long family was in motion!
But because Long Xingxu was running it, Chen Ping didn’t have to worry much about it!
He just took Ge Yuhan to get familiar with the environment and the people around him.
He also let Ge Yuhan get familiar with his body so as not to reveal himself!
“Sister Ling’er, in the past two days Brother Chen Ping has always taken that woman around, should I remind him that you are his girlfriend?”
Xiao Ru saw that Chen Ping was always taking Ge Yu Han around these two days, and said to Gu Ling’er with some snickering.
“He can take whoever he likes, Uncle Long has said that you can’t put too much pressure on Chen Ping, if you really like someone, the tighter you hold him, the more he will want to break free ……”
Gu Ling’er sort of thought about it, then looked at Xiao Ru and asked, “Where is your family Zhao Beng? Didn’t come looking for you today?”
“He is busy, tomorrow Brother Chen Ping’s Dragon Gate ceremony is held, a lot of things to do!”
“Sister Ling’er, if you’re bored, let’s both go for a spin ……”
Xiao Ru was afraid that Gu Ling’er would be bored alone, so she said.
“Sure!” Gu Ling’er nodded her head!
But just as Gu Ling’er and Xiao Ru were about to go for a spin outside, two identical looking girls dressed in alluring outfits walked in!
“Where are you two planning to go for a spin, and take us with you ……”
The two girls laughed.
“Sister Mei’er, Sister Xiaolan …………”
Seeing this, Xiao Ru hurriedly greeted them!
Seeing this, Gu Ling’er also happily went up and followed the two as they climbed in conversation!
Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan, were sent away by Long Wu, he sent the two to cultivate, the two were born with the art of seduction, if they could find someone to take them up properly and cultivate, they would definitely be great in the future!
So the two sisters were sent abroad to specialise in the art of seduction!
It’s been a few months since they left!
“Why have you two suddenly come back?”
Gu Ling’er asked curiously.
“Chen Ping wants to create a sect, how can we two sisters be absent from such a big event ……”
Xiaolan said with a faint smile.
This smile was like a blowing wind brushing her face and a hundred flowers blooming, even a woman’s mind was a little shaken when she saw it!
It can be seen that Xiaolan’s charm technique has refined a lot.
“Just in time, the four of us will go out for a spin together ……”
Xiao Ru said happily.
“What about Chen Ping?” Wu Mei’er asked.
When Wu Mei’er asked, Gu Ling’er slightly embarra*sed did not say a word, but it was Xiao Ru who pouted her mouth and said, “Brother Chen Ping accompanied a woman to go shopping, I don’t know where he brought the woman from, she is inseparable all day.”
When Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan heard this, the two of them were furious!
“Go, take us to him, I promise to make that Chen Ping obedient, he will listen to whatever we say.”
Wu Mei’er said.
The four girls went off to find Chen Ping, walking down the street, the four of them women, attracting quite a few people’s attention!
Especially Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan, with their one smile, many men actually fought because they were looking at the two of them!
Soon, the four of them spotted Chen Ping’s figure, and by Chen Ping’s side was Ge Yuhan!
Only Chen Ping didn’t notice the four of them!
“I really didn’t expect the world to turn into this after thousands of years ……”
Ge Yuhan looked around and acted very new, but then her face showed a puzzled expression, “It’s just that this heaven and earth spiritual energy is too thin, there’s no way to cultivate, let alone cultivate, I’m afraid it’s good if I can use two-thirds of the strength of this physical body.”
“Don’t you have any other way to return to your peak state?”
Chen Ping asked.
In Chen Ping’s opinion, at this moment, Ge Yuhan was a soul spirit that had survived for thousands of years inside her, the Saintess of Guang Han Palace, so was there no way?