Zhen Yuandao and Zhong Yi both shook their heads as well, they weren’t sure why this was the case!
If there was a problem with the various Immortal Herb resources that were fed, but why were the other spirit beasts fine?
“Emperor Xiao, can I go in and take a closer look?”
Chen Ping asked Xiao Yuanshan!
Xiao Yuanshan nodded, “Of course you can, only Mr Chen should be more cautious, many of these sick spirit beasts are not listening anymore, and there is a possibility that they may attack you.”
“I will pay attention ……”
Chen Ping nodded, then asked Xiao Yuanshan to open the formation, then walked in!
While the others watched outside, Xiao Yuanshan was ready to open the formation at any time to let Chen Ping out!
After Chen Ping walked in, these spirit beasts however did not attack Chen Ping, they just looked at Chen Ping and ignored it!
Chen Ping walked towards a spirit beast lying on the ground and gently touched his hand on the head of the spirit beast, but the spirit beast didn’t move a bit, and didn’t even lift its eyelids!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that this spirit beast must be very sick, knowing that spirit beasts are very vigilant, apart from the owner who feeds them, if a stranger approaches, they will definitely go crazy.
The aura on Chen Ping’s body was not something that this spirit beast was familiar with, yet the spirit beast allowed Chen Ping to caress it without moving!
Striking out an aura and running round the body of the spirit beast, Chen Ping did not find anything special!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping walked to the front of a Spotted Spirit Leopard, just as Chen Ping wanted to reach out towards the Spirit Leopard, suddenly there was a whirring sound in the belly of the Spirit Leopard, this was the precursor of the Spirit Leopard wanting to attack people!
Moreover, the spirit leopard opened its eyes with a red light in its eyes, and its huge fangs kept showing towards Chen Ping!
This was a warning to Chen Ping not to come any closer to himself or else he was going to launch an attack!
Chen Ping looked at the Spirit Leopard in front of him, it was at the strength of the Transition Realm, and at a glance, it was one of those ferocious Spirit Beasts, but now that Chen Ping had arrived in front of him, the Spirit Leopard was only threatening to not allow Chen Ping to come closer, and did not launch an attack, proving that this Spirit Leopard was also ill and unclear!
Chen Ping ignored that Spirit Leopard’s threat, then he once again approached towards that Spirit Leopard, this time, that Spirit Leopard got up and made an attacking movement!
“Mr Chen, don’t get close to that Spirit Leopard, this fellow is very ferocious, it doesn’t listen to anyone except my words!”
Seeing this, Xiao Huang hurriedly reminded Chen Ping!
Although the Spirit Leopard was sick and not as violent and ferocious, it did not mean that it could just let strangers touch it!
Moreover, this Spirit Leopard was also at the strength of the Transition Realm, so if it really launched an attack on Chen Ping and attracted other Spirit Beasts to attack Chen Ping as well, then it would be troublesome!
“Don’t worry Emperor Xiao, I just want to probe what the problem is.”
Chen Ping said!
“Then I will use a means to make these spirit beasts fall asleep so that you can probe without worry!”
Xiao Huang said to Chen Ping!
“No need, if the spirit beasts fall asleep, then there will be no way to probe the abnormalities within their bodies, this spirit leopard will not harm me.”
Chen Ping said confidently!
Chen Ping walked towards the Spirit Leopard, which made Zhen Yuandao and the rest of them all tense up as well.
This was a Spirit Beast, although it had been domesticated and was a lot more docile than those savage demonic beasts, it didn’t mean that it could be petted casually!
Moreover, if this spirit leopard went crazy, it would be no different from a demonic beast, plus there were other spirit beasts, Chen Ping was totally risking his life!
“Emperor Xiao, you quickly open the formation and let Mr Chen come out ……”
Seeing this, Granny Yan hurriedly said to Xiao Yuanshan!
Chen Ping is Bai Shao’s man, if Chen Ping has a short or long life, it is estimated that Bai Shao doesn’t want to live, Granny Zhen can’t let anything happen to Bai Shao!