The Heavenly Thunder Sect!
Inside Tong Youcai’s room, his mother was crying in a low voice, looking at her son with a heartfelt expression!
“Youcai, are you feeling better?”
Tong Youcai’s mother asked in a whisper.
“Mom, much better, but I can’t swallow this anger, in front of so many people, I was injured by a nameless person.”
Tong Youcai’s face was full of anger, his heart always held a stifled breath!
“Don’t worry, when you are better, I will make that brat pay.”
Tong Youcai’s mother finished, then glanced at Wang Defa behind her, “I told you to follow Youcai, how on earth did you do that? To still let him get hurt like this, don’t you feel any pain?”
“Sister-in-law, it’s all my fault ……”
Wang Defa bowed his head, his face full of shame!
“Mom, don’t blame Uncle Wang, it’s nothing to do with him.” Tong Youcai interceded for Wang Defa, and then added, “I have to hurry up and transform my genes, when I finish transforming my genes, I will personally kill that guy Chen Ping.”
“Good, you recuperate first, when you are well, I will let your Uncle Wang transform your genes.”
“Looks like your father can’t be counted on, you’ve been so badly injured and he didn’t even come to see you, all he sees is that waste of a brother of yours ……”
Tong Youcai’s mother said indignantly.
Speaking of his father in, Tong Youcai was also full of puzzlement, being the same son, but he found that his father was nowhere near as good to himself as he was to his own brother!
He had modified his brother’s genes and even went so far as to take his brother to and from major conferences!
He, on the other hand, could only cultivate in silence, and now that he was injured, he didn’t even come to see him!
“Mom, don’t worry, when I finish transforming my genes, I will show father who is the real genius, I will trample that trash of a brother under my feet.”
Tong Youcai gritted his teeth and said with a firm look in his eyes!
“Good, mum believes you, you take good care of your injuries, I’ll go next door with your Uncle Wang to talk about something.”
Having said that, Tong Youcai’s mother and Wang Defa went next door!
As soon as they entered next door, Wang Defa fiercely embraced Tong Youcai’s mother and then flung himself onto the bed!
Soon, a hint of gasping, if any, was heard in Tong Youcai’s ears.
With a slight frown, Tong Youcai struggled to make it to his feet, then stepped out of bed and quietly walked towards the next door!
Through the gap, Tong Youcai saw a scene inside the room!
At this moment, Tong Youcai was stunned, his whole body froze on the spot, his eyes wide open, as if he was dumb!
How could he have imagined that his mother would do such a thing?
Just as Tong Youcai was in shock, everything in the room had calmed down!
“What a waste ……”
Tong Youcai’s mother said with dissatisfaction.
“It can’t be helped when you’re old ……”
Wang Defa sighed!
“I can tell you, when your son has recovered from his injuries, you must give him a good genetic modification and pa*s on your strength, using genetic technology, to him.”
“Anyway, he is your son, you two genetically match, otherwise if this goes on, when will you ever get ahead!”
“I’m afraid that Tong Ocean will find out about our relationship, and it will be a problem then.”
Tong Youcai’s mother said in a small voice.
“Don’t worry, as long as I transform the genes, Youcai can at least reach the realm of a fifth grade Martial God or even higher! ”
Wang Defa said as he put his arm around Tong Youcai’s mother.
As Tong Youcai listened to everything that was said inside from outside, his entire being was once again as if he had suffered a heavy blow!
Only now did he realize that he was not Tong Ocean’s son, and was not some young master of the Heavenly Thunder Sect!
Tong Youcai walked back to the bed in a daze, and slowly lay down, his eyes in a daze ……
This sudden change in identity was hard for Tong Youcai to accept for a while. At this time, Tong Youcai could only try not to think about it and try to make himself forget what he had just heard.