He couldn’t put the entire Zhu family town in danger for his own daughter ah!
Hearing her father’s words, Zhu Qingxiu gritted her teeth and said, “Father, I will meet that Zhu Heng, now that I have returned, I don’t need to be afraid of the people of Qi Jia Town.”
“Missy, you must not be impulsive ah, that Qi Heng has now broken through to the Mahayana realm, and still just broke through, Qi family town has someone to cover, but also makes the strength of the people in Qi family town increased greatly.”
“Your body was already injured, you should have rested properly before doing so!”
Seeing this, Liu Bo hurriedly advised Zhu Qingxiu!
“Sis, don’t mind my business, this is my life, but you don’t have to worry, if that Qi family town bullies too much in the end, I won’t compromise.”
“In fact, I ran away from home this time and met the prince of the Xiao Dynasty in the Western Region, and the two of us fell in love!”
“If I’m really in danger, I’m sure Emperor Xiao won’t leave it alone.”
Zhu Qingyue was afraid that Zhu Qingxiu would be in any harm for her own sake, so she hurriedly said!
“What? You know the prince of Xiao Dynasty? And fell in love?”
Zhu Yuanji looked at Zhu Qingyue incredulously!
While Liu Bo on the side said, “Master, although the second young miss followed that Xiao imperial dynasty’s imperial son and fell in love, but the Xiao emperor did not agree, when I first found the second young miss, she was about to be expelled from the Xiao imperial dynasty!”
When Zhu Yuanji heard this, the expression that just got excited instantly fell!
“Uncle Liu, didn’t Mr Chen say that Emperor Xiao has now agreed, and Brother Feng is looking for me everywhere.”
Zhu Qingyue hurriedly said!
“Second Miss, that’s just Mr Chen’s side of the story, who knows if it’s true or not?”
“Let’s just coax that Qi Heng away first before we say anything, this guy will be in trouble if he relies on our Zhu Jia Town.”
“I don’t know how many big girls and little daughters-in-law in Zhu Jia Town will suffer at that time!”
Liu Bo said!
“Right, first trick that Zhu Heng away before ……”
Zhu Yuanji said!
“Sister, you mustn’t go out, I’ll handle this matter myself!”
Zhu Qing Yue admonished Zhu Qing Xiu, then followed Liu Bo and also her own father out!
When he came to the hall, that Qi Heng was sitting in the hall with two eighth grade cultivators of the Transition Realm behind him!
And that Qi Heng himself was constantly emitting a hidden aura, the aura of the Mahayana realm!
This was clearly showing off and to add some oppression to the Zhu Family!
When Qi Heng saw Zhu Qing Yue, his eyes instantly glowed and he immediately got up with a lecherous smile on his face, “Yue Yue, I can finally see you, do you know how much I’ve missed you for such a long time?”
“If I didn’t miss you so much, I’m afraid that my strength is even stronger now, but it’s a pity that I’ve just broken through to the Mahayana realm now ……”
When saying the three words of the Mahayana Realm, Qi Heng deliberately increased his volume!
Zhu Qingyue just coldly blanked that Qi Heng and simply ignored him!
Seeing this, Zhu Yuanji squeezed out a smile and walked over to Qi Heng, “Sir Qi, congratulations on your breakthrough to the Mahayana Realm, you are truly a hero amongst men, we don’t have many Mahayana Realms in the entire Eastern Region.”
Zhu Yuanji is a blow to Qi Heng, first coax this guy to be happy again, otherwise if he really angry, afraid of Zhu family town no one can restrain him!
Sure enough, after listening to Zhu Yuanji’s words, Qi Heng revealed a smile at the corner of his mouth and said, “Uncle Zhu, thank you for the compliment, after I follow Yue Yue to get married, we will be a family now, if anyone dares to bully Zhu Jia Town, I, Qi Heng, will be the first one to say no!”
“Duke Qi, this Xiao Yue has just returned home, I was thinking of letting her calm down for a few days before we talk about your matters.”
Zhu Yuanji wanted to stall for a while!