He was very unhappy that Elder Fei was disturbing himself at this time!
“Your Excellency, now this Chen Ping is just a turtle in a jar, why bother using your Excellency’s hands, I’ll give your Excellency a hand.”
Elder Fei said to Zuo Xuan!
“Scram, I’m going to kill this guy with my own hands, where do I need your help.”
Zuo Xuan was cursing towards Elder Fei!
Elder Fei’s face was full of embarrassment as he lowered his head and retreated backwards!
Zuo Xuan didn’t care about Elder Fei, he once again looked towards Chen Ping and reached out to slap down his hand!
But just as Zuo Xuan had just raised his hand, he only saw a silver light flash, and Zuo Xuan’s arm instantly flew out!
Zuo Xuan was stunned, and soon intense pain hit him!
He watched as his arm broke off and blood flowed out!
“Ah …………”
Zuo Xuan’s face was filled with incredulity as he angrily looked at Elder Fei!
Only to see that Elder Fei was holding a long sword in his hand, he was the one who took advantage of Zuo Xuan’s inattention and cut off his arm!
“You’re f*cking crazy, do you know what you’re doing?”
Zuo Xuan yelled at Elder Fei!
“Of course I know, I don’t want to be a dog of your Demon Sealing Alliance, being yelled at by you, and I can’t let you kill this Chen Ping because I ate Chen Ping’s poison, if he dies, I won’t be able to live either ……”
Elder Fei said with a cold smile!
“You …… you f*cking dare to betray our Demon Sealing Alliance, do you know the consequences?Your entire Soulless Hall will die!”
Zuo Xuan gritted his teeth in hatred!
“The Soulless Hall has already died a long time ago, the current Soulless Hall is nothing more than a puppet of your Demon Sealing Alliance, I don’t care ……”
Elder Fei didn’t care in the slightest!
“I’ll kill you ……”
Zuo Xuan hissed, about to make a move against Elder Fei!
At this moment, Chen Ping saw the right moment, and his Dragon Slashing Sword directly crossed over that Zuo Xuan’s shoulder!
As long as Zuo Xuan moved, his head would move!
Zuo Xuan had a few moments of fear in his eyes as he loudly said to Chen Ping, ”Chen Ping, what do you want to do?If you kill me, none of you people will live ……”
“Are you threatening me?”The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand pierced deep into Zuo Xuan’s flesh!
“Don’t, don’t kill me ……”
Zuo Xuan was instantly afraid!
“Stop …………”
At this time, Elder Chu realised that Zuo Xuan was being controlled by Chen Ping and was instantly shocked!
A palm slapped on Luo Shouhai’s chest, causing a mouthful of blood to spurt out and the entire person flew backwards!
Immediately after that, Elder Chu went straight towards Chen Ping, “Kid, let our family’s son go, otherwise I will make your life worse than death ……”
“Uncle Chu, save me, save me ……”
Seeing Elder Chu, Zuo Xuan hurriedly shouted!
“I hate other people’s threats the most ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly chopped down with a sword in front of Elder Chu!
Zuo Xuan’s head flew up high, followed by rolling down to the ground!
A black mist flew out from within Zuo Xuan’s body, this was Zuo Xuan’s Yuan Shen!
“Hmph, thinking that just because you learnt a few moves after a demonic cultivator, you can bring the dead back to life?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, reached out and grabbed Zuo Xuan’s Yuan Shen, then a spiritual force penetrated Zuo Xuan’s Yuan Shen, accompanied by a scream from Zuo Xuan, the Yuan Shen was pinched and exploded by Chen Ping!
“Ah ………… dare to kill our son, you must die ……”
Elder Chu went mad, and with a palm that covered the sky, he blasted down towards Chen Ping!
Although this Elder Chu was also at the eighth level of the Transitional Abstraction Realm, the power of this palm was obviously much stronger than Luo Shouhai, and his aura locked onto Chen Ping, making it impossible for him to avoid it!
“Mr Chen …………”
“Master …………”
Luo Shouhai, as well as Fire Phoenix and the rest of them all screamed in shock when they saw this!
Just in the nick of time, ten thousand golden lights erupted within the building, followed by a figure flying out abruptly!
“Bold, dare to disrespect Mr Chen, looking for death ……”
Only to see the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder’s eyes shining as if a celestial being had descended to the world, his aura instantly locking onto Elder Chu, causing Elder Chu’s figure to tremble!
At this moment, the Devil Mountain ghost old man was glowing, the cultivation breath on his body was powerful, and it was obvious that he had already made a breakthrough!