Chen Ping could see at a glance that these precious beads were the beast pills in these cultivators’ bodies!
These cultivators were all beast races, and although they were able to take human form, they were still beast races and retained the beast dan in their bodies!
The beast dans of these beast races were similar to the dragon crystals of the dragon race!
These beast dans were suspended in midair, and a black gas flowed between the several beast dans, seemingly brewing something!
“Worthy of being the son of a beast general, he still has some skills!”
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping’s eyes also became grave!
Soon, the heaven and earth became icy cold, and that black gas filled the air, wrapping those several beast dans, and it was no longer possible to see the colour!
“Make your move ……”
Qiu Yu shouted!
A few people shot out at the same time, and then a large amount of spiritual energy was injected into the several beast dans, and then the colourful light broke through that black gas!
The moment they broke through the black gas, these rays of light transformed into a beast!
These beasts were of different shapes, some of which Chen Ping had never seen before!
It appeared that these beasts were the bodies of the cultivators in front of them!
After these beasts appeared, the original black gas turned into a huge net, enveloping Chen Ping in it!
At this moment, Chen Ping not only had to face the attacks of these beasts, but also had no way to escape and dodge, the huge black net around him made Chen Ping’s space to move very limited!
“Kid, we have used all the beast dan, although using it once will cause us to lose a hundred years of cultivation, but today you have pushed me to the brink of extinction, I can only do this!”
Qiu Yu looked viciously at Chen Ping and said in a cold voice!
“By the looks of it, you guys have really put all your skills into play, but you have sacrificed your beast dans, if all these beast dans are taken away by me, won’t you all be without them and become ordinary people who can no longer cultivate?”
Chen Ping looked at Qiu Yu’s fierce look and said with a slight smile!
“You think beautifully, you still want to take away our beast dan, you should exterminate our native spirit beasts first!”
Qiu Yu coldly snorted!
He didn’t believe that Chen Ping still had the ability to take away his beast pills in this situation!
“Bullshit native spirit beasts?”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Crystal on his chest flickered, and along with a surge of divine dragon power erupting, behind Chen Ping, a golden dragon faintly appeared!
As the divine dragon power became thicker and thicker, the golden dragon became clearer and clearer!
“What …… is this?”
When Qiu Yu saw the appearance of the golden dragon, his entire body was dumbfounded!
“A dragon …… golden dragon? Could it be that he’s a dragon?”
Someone said in surprise!
“Impossible, he is clearly a demonic cultivator, how could he be a dragon race, and still a golden dragon, this is absolutely impossible, this is a blindfold, let’s not believe it!”
Qiu Yu simply did not believe that Chen Ping was a dragon race!
One must know that among the beast races, much of the fear and worship of the dragon race was innate!
Now seeing that a golden dragon had unexpectedly appeared behind Chen Ping, and that the power of the divine dragon was filling the air in bursts, caused Qiu Yu and the others to be completely flustered!
Only Qiu Yu didn’t believe it at all, he didn’t believe that Chen Ping was a dragon clan!
Or the most noble golden dragon clan!
He thought that Chen Ping must have just used some kind of blindfold!
However, just as Qiu Yu and the others launched an attack towards Chen Ping by controlling their native spirit beasts, those native spirit beasts unexpectedly all wimped out one by one!
They simply did not listen to the commands and were all trembling!
Along with the golden dragon’s hiss, a dragon’s roar was heard!
Those native spirit beasts all turned their heads and ran away, finally returning to the beast dan and disappearing without a trace!
Even the giant net made of black Qi was instantly shattered and turned into nothingness in this dragon’s roar!
In the end, only a few beast dans were left floating alone in mid-air!
Several people, Qiu Yu, were dumbfounded!
Especially Qiu Yu, he said that Chen Ping was using a blindfold technique, but how could a blindfold technique scare away that native spirit beast?