Ge Fuhai was terrified, what kind of person was Chen Ping now?
Even the clan elder knelt down, Ge Jiayi still dared to talk to Chen Ping in such a tone, wasn’t she looking for death?
Besides, Ge Yuhan was the daughter of the clan elder, and now Ge Jiayi was jealous of Ge Yuhan, so she was also looking for death!
“Dad, what’s wrong with you? He …………”
Ge Jiayi still wanted to say something, but she had already been thrown inside the room by Ge Fuhai!
“Mr. Chen, don’t pay any attention to her, this child is like that ……”
Ge Fuhai hastily apologized to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “I think you should explain to Miss Ge properly, I’m not as promiscuous as she thinks ……”
“Will do, I will explain!”
Ge Fuhai nodded his head repeatedly.
Chen Ping took Ge Yuhan away, while Ge Fuhai found Ge Jiayi and solemnly warned her!
“I’m telling you, when you see Mr. Chen in the future, you must give me respect, no more half-hearted disrespect, and you must not speak like you did just now, understand?”
Ge Fuhai reprimanded Ge Jiayi!
Ge Jiayi was confused, “Dad, what’s wrong with you? After a trip to the clan land, why have you become like this?”
“That Chen Ping is somewhat capable, but you don’t have to be afraid of him to this extent, right? Besides, who is that woman? Did she have an affair with Chen Ping?”
When Ge Fuhai heard this, he immediately reprimanded loudly, “Shut up, from now on you will do whatever Mr. Chen wants you to do, no questioning, and even more so, no talking back.”
“Dad, why, why on earth?” Ge Jiayi asked in disbelief.
“You’ll know later, just listen to me now!” Ge Fuhai didn’t dare to reveal the true identities of Chen Ping and Ge Yuhan!
Ge Fuhai walked back, Ge Jiayi was so angry that she ruthlessly slammed her pillow on the floor, she didn’t understand what had happened in the past few days to make her father turn out like this!
…………
The Dragon Family!
As the head of the Long Family, Long Xing Xu was gathering many experts from the Long Family to gather, Zhao Liguo, the four villains were also gathered at the Long Family!
At this moment, the Dragon Family could be described as a gathering of many experts!
Only everyone’s face didn’t look good, with a gloomy expression!
“Gentlemen, today is the last day for the Martial Alliance to place their post, if we can’t find Brother Chen Ping before we can, then we can only follow the Martial Alliance and fight to the death.”
Long Xingxu said with a frown.
“f*ck it, follow the Martial Dao Alliance and fight to the death, what’s there to be afraid of!”
Ding Bu San yelled!
“Old Third, shut your mouth!” Ding Dada glared at Ding Buzan, then said, “What if so many of us go and follow the Martial Alliance and fight for our lives, and hurt Miss Su over it?”
With a single word from Ding BuDa, everyone stopped speaking out!
“Uncle Long, why don’t you make an idea?”
At this moment, Long Xingxu looked towards Long Wu and asked.
At this moment, only Long Wu had the highest status, and this kind of decision making matter required Long Wu to make the decision!
Long Wu, on the other hand, glanced at Gu Ling’er beside him, “Ling’er, what do you say?”
Gu Ling’er didn’t say anything, but held the Martial Alliance’s war invitation tightly in her hand, her eyes filled with anger!
It turned out that after Chen Ping had left, Ning Zhi of the Martial Dao Alliance had sent a war invitation, asking Chen Ping to go to the Martial Dao Alliance, and if he didn’t see Chen Ping within three days, then he would simply chop off one of Su Yuqi’s arms!
It was now the third day, but Chen Ping still could not be contacted, so everyone gathered together to discuss countermeasures!
But no one dared to follow the Martial Alliance and fight for their lives, if that happened, the Martial Alliance would take on Su Yuqi and no one could afford the responsibility!
But just when the crowd was at a loss for words, Chen Ping came back with Ge Yuhan!
“Mr. Chen is back ……”
Someone shouted from outside!!!