Chen Ping walked towards Fan Jiang step by step, while Fan Jiang was curled up, his eyes full of fear!
It was not easy to cultivate to his level of strength!
But seeing that he was about to have his strength sucked out by someone else.
And his small life would not be saved.
“No …… don’t ……”
“I have several other major evil cultivation sects under me, plus I know several ancient ruins, as long as you don’t kill me, I can tell you all of these.”
Fan Jiang was following Chen Ping and begging for mercy!
So the more powerful a person was, the more he feared death!
Chen Ping did not want to let Fan Jiang go, but when he heard Fan Jiang say that he knew several ancient ruins, his heart was moved!
Seeing the hesitation in Chen Ping’s eyes, Fan Jiang knew that his words had worked, so he continued, “Those are ancient ruins that are thousands of years old, and no one knows the locations except me.”
“As long as you don’t kill me, I’m willing to saddle up and help you find those ancient relics!”
Chen Ping did stop in his tracks, ancient relics from thousands of years ago had indeed raised a great interest in Chen Ping.
One must know that with one City of Ultimate Bliss, Chen Ping had raised two realms!
If he were to find a few ancient relics, wouldn’t his own strength grow even faster!
“If you don’t absorb his strength, you are now a wastrel and can’t cultivate at all, so what’s the use of knowing about those relics?”
At this moment, Mr. Shi spoke faintly and reminded.
Chen Ping woke up with a start, he burned his essence blood, if he didn’t absorb Fan Jiang’s strength, there was no way for him to recover, even if he found those ancient relics, what use would it be?
Thinking of this, Chen Ping slapped his palm on Fan Jiang’s head, followed by the Heart Condensation Skill activating and began to continuously suck Fan Jiang’s strength!
“You can leave him alive by sucking up his strength, won’t you know the address of the ancient ruins just the same?”
Mr. Shi told Chen Ping to only suck Fan Jiang’s strength, don’t take his life!
“This …… drains him of his strength, and he’s going to become a dry corpse and die too ……”
Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi in surprise.
He couldn’t control it at all yet, the huge power of the Heart Condensation Technique, this Fan Jiang couldn’t carry it at all.
After all the strength was sucked out, he would definitely die.
“You don’t need to care, I have my own way ……”
Mr. Shi finished speaking and quietly drove Chen Ping to suck Fan Jiang’s strength.
Fan Jiang only felt his body’s strength spreading outwards, and then entering inside Chen Ping’s body.
Fan Jiang’s face was full of grimace, and it was obvious that it was very painful!
Soon, Fan Jiang’s body became smaller and smaller, and finally shrunk right down to half the size of his previous body!
Chen Ping let out a long breath as a stream of spiritual energy began to swim within his dantian again!
“The peak of Martial Marquis, it is truly extraordinary ……”
Chen Ping clenched his fist, his face filled with excitement!
However, when he looked at Fan Jiang, he found that Fan Jiang had long since ceased to breathe!
“Dead ……”
Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi and asked with a puzzled look on his face.
Mr. Shi said that he had his own solution, but Fan Jiang was still dead.
“He’s not dead ……”
Mr. Shi shook his head, only to see a faint white light waved out from Mr. Shi’s hand, instantly enveloping Fan Jiang’s corpse.
A cloud of black mist quickly emerged from Fan Jiang’s corpse, and eventually the black mist transformed into a human form, taking the form of Fan Jiang.
The white light wrapped around Fan Jiang, causing him to be filled with pain!
“Do you have to kill all of them?”
Fan Jiang hissed, but his eyes were filled with endless terror!
At this moment, Fan Jiang had already become a soul. Fan Jiang knew that he was bound to die, so he had left a trace of his soul and planned to escape while he had the chance!
But unexpectedly, Mr. Shi had seen through it and trapped him directly!
If even this trace of soul spirit was gone, then Fan Jiang would really have disappeared from the world.
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to eradicate this soul of yours, I’m just controlling you ……”
“What follows, you know what to do yourself, as long as you do a good job, afterwards I will find a host for you and bring you back to life.”
Mr. Shi said indifferently.