“To deal with you, I can’t use this precious puppet of mine, this is my little brother, what if I let you hurt it.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he unexpectedly put away the puppet!
The black-robed youth looked a little surprised when he saw that Chen Ping had actually put away the puppet, after all, Chen Ping was only a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, so if he did not have the help of the puppet, how could he possibly be a match for himself!
But now, Chen Ping did put away the puppet to face himself head on!
“You are too arrogant, but I will let you try the price of arrogance!”
As the black-robed youth finished speaking, a black mist filled his body, which covered the sky and seemed to envelop the entire Soul Demon Sect!
A ninth grade great cultivator of the Transition Realm was truly extraordinary!
This caused both Ochre Yan and Jiang Yulian to be very worried!
Chen Ping had a cold smile on his face and seemed to face those black mists without a trace of panic!
Seeing Chen Ping so calm, the black-robed youth was slightly surprised and said, “Chen Ping, you are bold enough, on the basis of this boldness of yours, I will tell you my identity so that you will know who you are dying at the hands of!”
“No need, I don’t like to know the names of the dead, anyway, you will die soon, whether you know the name or not, it doesn’t matter.”
Chen Ping shook his head and said!
Arrogance!
Incredibly arrogant and c*cky!
This was Chen Ping.
With these words, the black-robed youth was infuriated, and the black mist that filled the room became even more dense!
“Hmph!”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as his entire body abruptly erupted in a burst of aura!
The breath that Chen Ping exuded directly shattered that black mist as the blazing sunlight spilled down!
“You are already a dog of the Demon Sealing Alliance, so there is no need to be in a frenzy, even if you are in a frenzy, you are still not received by the Demon Sealing Alliance as a watchdog under their door?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
“Ah …… I’m going to kill you, within three moves, I will let you die without a burial place.”
The black-robed youth wailed in anger!
“Three moves?” Chen Ping smiled disdainfully, “You can’t kill me even if you have three hundred moves.”
“Hmph, let’s give it a try then!”
The black-robed youth snorted coldly and began to launch an attack!
Chen Ping waved his hand, outside of the two of them, it was as if an invisible barrier was formed, isolating everything around them, Chen Ping was afraid that the aftermath would reach Ochre Yan and Jiang Yulian and the others.
As soon as the black-robed youth moved, a dense black mist surged around him, spreading rapidly like a tidal wave.
That black mist covered the sky and enveloped the entire area in a deep darkness that even the sun’s rays could not penetrate.
In this darkness, the black mist transformed into a demonic beast, constantly roaring, the roars rising and falling like the hissing of evil spirits coming from the depths of hell, sending shivers down one’s spine.
Facing the siege of this roiling black mist and countless demonic beasts’ illusions, Chen Ping seemed to stay out of it, and did not see the slightest panic.
Only Chen Ping took a deep breath and closed his eyes tightly, then opened them violently as a hot light flashed in his eyes.
The Supreme Fire within his body instantly ignited, the flame as hot as the sun, reflecting his figure as mighty as the God of War.
The firelight shone in the darkness, as if it had become the only source of light in this chaos.
“Boom ……”
Chen Ping swung his fists, and the to fire blazed, turning into two fire dragons that tumbled through the air.
The fire dragons collided fiercely with the demonic beast phantoms, each impact emitting a deafening roar, as if even the heavens and earth were trembling for it.
The firelight intertwined with the black mist, creating a thrilling picture that dazzled the eyes.
The firelight illuminated the faces of the people around them, their eyes filled with shock and awe.
“This …… isn’t the Devil Clan’s Supreme Fire? How is it so powerful!”
Ochre Yan looked at Chen Ping’s outburst of Supreme Fire, his eyes filled with shock as Chen Ping’s outburst was not just a Demon Race Supreme Fire!