The Long family!
After Long Jingguo returned home, his face had been turning unsightly.
Chen Ping had followed Du Da in a battle, leaving Long Jingguo worried at the moment.
“Dad, what’s wrong with you?”
Long Xiao saw Long Jingguo’s sad face, so he walked over and asked.
Long Jingguo looked up at Long Xiao, whose body had almost recovered by now, and tight muscles had grown out from the body covered under the black robe!
“Xiao’er, this time for the trial, Mr. Shi personally named that Chen Ping to also participate ……”
Long Jingguo said to Long Xiao.
When Long Xiao heard this, his face immediately showed excitement, “That’s great, it’s just right that in the name of the trial, I will directly kill that Chen Ping and absorb his strength.”
“Xiao’er, you shouldn’t underestimate that Chen Ping, now Chen Ping’s strength has surged, even that Zhu Zhi Shan had an arm chopped off by Chen Ping.”
“Today Du Da, who had disappeared for decades, followed Chen Ping in a battle, I watched Chen Ping kill Du Da with my own eyes, his methods were extremely cruel!”
“This trial, if Chen Ping also goes, I am afraid that you are no match for him ……”
Long Jingguo voiced out his fears.
As soon as Long Xiao heard this, his expression also became grave, he did not expect that in this short period of time, Chen Ping’s strength had reached such a terrifying height.
A moment later, Long Xiao said, “Dad, this trial, is held by our Long Family, so we can control what people participate, we can do this …………”
Long Xiao whispered a few words in Long Jingguo’s ear, Long Jingguo’s eyes lit up, then he nodded, “Good, I’ll go and contact them now, although that Chen Ping is highly powerful, he can’t beat four hands with two fists after all!”
After saying that, Long Jingguo got up and quickly left.
On the other hand, that Long Xiao had killing intent flashing in his eyes, “Chen Ping, this time I will make your life worse than death ……”
…………
Kyoto, Martial Arts Union!
Zhu Zhishan fled back in a bit of a mess, panting heavily, his heart already furious to the core!
Now that even Du Da was no match for Chen Ping, who else could he find to kill Chen Ping?
“Lord Zhu, you’ve returned so soon? I wonder how the battle went?”
Ning Zhi asked with a faint smile when he saw Zhu Zhishan, who had returned in a sorry state.
“Is it necessary to ask? If that Chen Ping had died, I would have come back carrying his head!”
Zhu Zhishan counted out without good grace.
He took all his anger out on this Ning Zhi.
Only Ning Zhi was not angry, but continued to laugh, “There is no need to be discouraged, Master Zhu, the four great experts that our Martial Dao Alliance has cultivated can now be deployed, and that Chen Ping will not be able to bounce around for a few days!”
Hearing Ning Zhi talk about those four experts cultivated by the Martial Dao Alliance, Zhu Zhishan’s eyes lit up, “Right, how did I forget about them ……”
“This time, the four of them will go to the trial held by the Dragon Family, and that Chen Ping will also go to participate, when the time comes, in the trial place, life and death will be at the mercy of the heavens ……”
Ning Zhi said with a cold smile.
After Zhu Zhishan heard this, he burst out laughing, and the gloom on his face was swept away, and he looked a lot smoother in looking at Ning Zhi.
“Alliance Master, the Dragon Family’s family head requests to see ……”
At this time, a member of the Martial Alliance walked in and reported.
“What is Long Jingguo doing looking for me at this time?”
Zhu Zhishan frowned slightly.
At this moment, Ning Zhi, however, had a slight twinkle in his eyes, “Alliance Master, if I guessed correctly, that Long Jingguo must be coming at this time to discuss with you about dealing with that Chen Ping.”
“The Long Family also has a deep hatred following Chen Ping, especially Long Xiao, who had been directly beaten into a cripple by Chen Ping, this revenge will definitely be avenged by the Long Family.”
“And today when Chen Ping defeated Du Da, Long Jingguo must have also realised the danger, which is why he came to follow the alliance master to discuss dealing with Chen Ping together.”
It had to be said that this fellow Ning Zhi was extremely meticulous and had a deep heart, very few people could see through him, this fellow was temperamental, he would be a formidable enemy to Chen Ping in the future!