Ji Lianying’s residence in the Ji Family!
At this moment, Ji Lianying’s face was terribly gloomy, originally he planned to wait for his father to die, then he would unite with the Giant Savage Palace to seize the position of the family head!
But now that it looked like the old master wouldn’t be able to die for a short period of time, Ji Lianying’s plans were about to change!
“Dad, we have to think of a way to do this, we definitely can’t let them bring grandpa back to life, if it’s not possible, we’ll move ahead.”
Ji Yue’s eyes flashed with a cold aura and said!
“If we really can’t, it seems that we really have to go to the step of patricide and killing the king, you immediately contact the Giant Savage Palace and ask them to move now to come to the Yellow and Blue City, in order to prevent your eldest uncle from making a move on us first, we have to make precautions before we can do so.”
Ji Lianying knew that after today’s events, it was very likely that his elder brother would make a move against him!
After all, something like patricide was the most shameful and the most unacceptable for Ji Lian Jun!
Don’t look at today’s Ji Lianjun did not say anything, but Ji Lianying knew that his own big brother to do something to himself, but also sooner or later, he must be prepared in advance!
“Alright, I’ll go inform the Giant Savage Palace and have them move!” Ji Yue nodded!
Just as Ji Yue was about to leave, he noticed that his sister, Ji Meizhen, had walked in!
And she was looking downcast, with injuries on her body!
“What’s going on with you?” Ji Yue said with a frown!
“It wasn’t letting that b*tch Ji Meiyan beat me up, I’m going to take revenge sooner or later ……”
Ji Mei Zhen gritted her teeth and said!
“You child, you’re not even a match for that Ji Meiyan, why do you always go and provoke her?”
Looking at the injuries on Ji Meizhen’s body, Ji Lianying said full of heartache!
“Hmph, originally that Ji Meiyan was about to be defeated by me, one of the guys gave her a whip that was particularly powerful, even the Demon Spirit Sword ran away in fear when it saw that whip.”
“If there wasn’t this whip, that Ji Meiyan would have definitely lost in my hands.”
Ji Mei Zhen said very unconvincingly!
“What? You took the Magic Spirit Sword? Now where is that sword?”
Ji Lianying was instantly shocked and said!
Seeing this, Ji Meizhen slightly lowered her head and whispered “That sword was destroyed, and the demonic spirit inside the sword was also decapitated by a guy ……”
“You are too unbridled, who let you take away the Demon Spirit Sword, if this matter is known to your eldest uncle, we will all be finished.”
Ji Lianying roared angrily, his expression very tense!
Ji Meizhen didn’t dare to raise her head as she was scolded!
“Dad, even if your eldest uncle knows, what can we do, the big deal is to just tear our faces apart, sooner or later anyway.”
Ji Yue said with a face full of defiance!
“Right now we are not ready, if we tear our faces apart now, where do we stand a chance of winning.”
Ji Lianying sighed, but suddenly as if he thought of something, he looked at Ji Meizhen and said “You said that after that Ji Meiyan suddenly took a whip, that Demon Spirit Sword got scared and turned around to escape?”
“Yeah, and after that Ji Meiyan took a whip, the Demon Spirit Sword landed on the ground and the Demon Spirit fled.” Ji Mei Zhen nodded and said!
“A whip that can make the Demon Spirit Sword so fearful, could it be …………”
Ji Lianying frowned slightly, seemingly pondering over something, suddenly Ji Lianying’s eyes lit up “Could it be that it was a whip that draws the devil?”
“Dad, what is the whip whip?” Ji Yue asked curiously!
“This whip is a good thing, many demons are afraid of it when they see it, but this whip is in the hands of the Ancient Body Refining Clan in the far north of the Northern Domain, how could it suddenly appear here?”
Ji Lianying had a puzzled look on his face!
“Dad, you’ve forgotten that the two men and one woman that Ji Cheng found can be from the Northern Domain, maybe there are people from the Ancient Body Refining Clan amongst them.”
Ji Yue said!
“Impossible, these three people don’t have the aura of the Ancient Body Refining Clan, the Ancient Body Refining Clan and those from the Giant Savage Palace cultivate in a very similar way, as long as one probes a little bit, one can tell the difference, these three people can never be people from the Ancient Body Refining Clan.” Ji Lianying shook his head!
“Then perhaps this Demon Drawing Whip was stolen by them from the Ancient Body Refining Clan.” Ji Yue analysed again!
“Forget about that for now, you go contact the Giant Savage Palace immediately.”
Ji Lianying waved his hand and told Ji Yue to go inform the Giant Barbarian Palace!