The crowd from Ye City ran away, while Sheng Bushi removed that formation as well!
The Ye Family’s Grand Elder looked at Chen Ping helplessly and finally fell to his knees!
The Ye Family’s crowd also fell to their knees one after another!
Chen Ping looked at the Ye Family’s crowd that had knelt to the ground, and in his heart, he let out a sigh of relief.
That Ye Liancheng was not killed by him at all, he was just bluffing, but he did not expect that these Ye Family people believed it!
If this Ye Family’s Grand Elder with his Ye Family members still fought to the death, and with the addition of those from Ye City, even if Chen Ping had broken through to the second rank of the Transition Realm, it would still be pointless at all.
There were too many people on the other side, and the Ye family was still a rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, if the other local Demon Sealing Alliance reroutes got the news, they would also surely quickly rush to the aid of the Ye family!
At that time, Chen Ping and the others were afraid that none of them would be able to run away, right now, Chen Ping’s identity was unknown to the Ye Family’s Grand Elder, and these Ye Family members did not know either, which was why they were kneeling down and begging for forgiveness!
If they knew that Chen Ping was the one who killed Zuo Xuan and was the number one person being hunted by the Demon Sealing Alliance, it was estimated that the Ye family would have left Chen Ping behind even if they were desperate!
Sheng Bushi and the others watched as the Ye Family’s crowd knelt at Chen Ping’s feet, each of them shocked!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping said to Sheng Bushi and the others!
There was no need to stay in the Ye family now, Ye Liancheng was dead, and it was expected that the Ye family would not be getting the attention of the Demon Sealing Alliance in the future!
Chen Ping returned to the Sheng Family with Sheng Bushi and the others!
This time, the Sheng Family’s children had also suffered considerable losses, and Sheng Tiantai had also been injured, and was now kneeling on the ground with a face full of shame!
Although Sheng Bushi and Sheng Jiayue were saved, the Sheng family also lost a lot of people to this!
“Big brother, everything is my fault, kill or die as you wish, I am ashamed of our Sheng family’s ancestors ……”
Sheng Tian Tai said with his head lowered!
Sheng Bushi looked at Sheng Tiantai and didn’t say a word!
Because he didn’t know what to say, after all, because of Sheng Tiantai, the Sheng family had died many people!
But if he wanted him to execute this younger brother of his now, he couldn’t bear it!
“Dad, although second uncle was at fault, his starting point was also for the good of the Sheng family, he was only blinded by the Ye family.”
“And at the back, second uncle also made a lot of effort and killed quite a few Ye family members, I still hope that you can be lenient.”
Sheng Jiahui opened her mouth to plead for Sheng Tiantai!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was at the side with Bai Shallow and the others, and also did not say anything, after all, this was the Sheng family’s domestic affairs, so there was no need for him to get involved!
However, Chen Ping could see that Sheng Bushi did not want to kill Sheng Tiantai, but it was not good enough to follow the Sheng family crowd!
What he needed now was for someone to come forward and plead for mercy for Sheng Tiantai!
“Family Master, although the second master is at fault, his crime is not to death, I still hope that you will think twice.”
Long Bo also opened his mouth to plead for mercy!
This time, it made Sheng Bushi’s heart bottomed out, so he looked at Sheng Tiantai and said “Sheng Tiantai, no matter what kind of starting point you had, but you indirectly killed so many people in our Sheng family.”
“Although the death penalty can be waived, the living penalty can’t be escaped, you go down first, how to punish you, wait for the discussion before deciding.”
Once Sheng Tian Tai heard this, he kowtowed again and again, at the very least he didn’t have to die!
After Sheng Tiantai was brought down, Sheng Bushi then looked at Chen Ping with great gratitude and said “Mr Chen, thank you so much, if it wasn’t for you, I’m afraid our Sheng family would be finished.”
“I don’t know why Mr Chen suddenly came here?”
Sheng Bushi did not understand how Chen Ping suddenly came to visit the Sheng family in time!
Chen Ping did not hide anything, and told the story of the Blood Spirit Valley!
Hearing that the Blood Spirit Valley had been slaughtered, Sheng Bushi also rushed to be surprised!
“Mr Chen, to be able to massacre the Blood Spirit Valley, it is by no means something that one or two people can do, and according to the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast guidance, the last scent that the Blood Spirit Valley stayed at was in this direction, but our Sheng Family does not have the ability to exterminate the Blood Spirit Valley, and that Ye Family does not have the need to do so ah, and besides, during this period of time, the Ye Family has been scheming for our Sheng Family to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, and they don’t have the energy to do it either. ”
Sheng Bushi was puzzled as to how that Spirit Rhinoceros Beast could have brought Chen Ping in this direction!