Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er looked at each other, and then Gu Ling’er came up to Su Yuqi’s ear and said softly, “Let Chen Ping bully you first in a while, after all, you two were together first, besides, I’m inexperienced, I’m afraid ……”
“You dead spirit, I’m inexperienced too, I’m scared too, I’m a big girl too ……”
Su Yuqi stepped forward and slapped towards Gu Ling’er.
“I don’t mean that, you misunderstood ……”
Gu Ling’er followed Su Yuqi and fought.
Chen Ping saw these two people fighting and said with a dumbfounded look, “What are you two doing? Why don’t you close your eyes quickly, you will definitely like this treasure after you see it later.”
When Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er heard this, their faces turned even redder, Su Yuqi gave Chen Ping a white look and said, “How do you know that the two of us will like that ugly thing.”
“That’s right, we don’t like that ugly thing!”
Gu Ling’er chimed in.
Chen Ping froze, “It’s not ugly at all, you guys will know when you see it, it’s beautiful ……”
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er still wanted to say something, but Chen Ping went straight forward and used the quilt to cover the two of them, and then admonished, “No peeking, you can only look when I say it’s okay!”
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er both blushed with shame and could only nod obediently.
They could only both hear each other’s violent heartbeats, after all, in their minds, they felt very nervous doing something like this for the first time.
Seeing that Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were both blindfolded by this, Chen Ping then took out the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, when Chen Ping opened the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, he found that the scenery on it had changed again, at this time the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map was a snow-capped scene with a few white bears running around.
“Could this be the North Pole?” Chen Ping said in amazement as he looked at the scene on top of the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers map.
Chen Ping gently hung the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers map on the wall before speaking, “You can take a look at this treasure now.”
Chen Ping pulled back the blanket, but Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er actually all had their eyes closed, neither of them opening their eyes first.
“Open your eyes and take a look!” Chen Ping looked at the two people with a surprised look on his face, wondering what was wrong with these two people.
“Yu Qi open your eyes first!” Gu Ling’er said.
“Ling’er, you look first!” Su Yuqi shook her head.
“What’s wrong with you two, open your eyes together ……”
Chen Ping’s tone intensified.
Seeing that Chen Ping was about to get angry, the two people then slowly opened their eyes.
After Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er opened their eyes, they saw Chen Ping standing right in front of them with his clothes intact and nothing had changed.
“Chen Ping, where is the treasure you told us to look at?” Su Yuqi asked strangely.
“Isn’t this hanging on the wall? You guys didn’t find it?”
Chen Ping said as he pointed at the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers map.
Gu Ling’er took a look at the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers picture and asked in a bit of disbelief, “The treasure you’re talking about is this painting?”
“Of course, what else do you think it is?”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“I ……” Gu Ling’er opened her mouth, but she didn’t know how to answer Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, what’s so precious about this painting? The painting on it is of the Arctic ice field, right?”
Su Yuqi spoke up at this time, helping Gu Ling’er out.
“This is not an ordinary painting, you guys will know it when you put emit your divine sense and probe the painting ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi simultaneously emitted their divine sense and probed towards the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Painting.
But when their divine sense just approached the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Diagram, it was directly sucked in.
At this moment, it was as if Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi were in the Arctic ice field, and even a few polar bears in the distance were looking at them both.
This time, the two people were directly frozen.