“So someone has broken through the Great Martial Marquis, even if he breaks through the Great Martial Marquis, what can he do? I just happen to take him to set up the prestige ……”
Long Xiao’s eyes faintly stared, then he went to this Long Jing Guo straight to the Martial Alliance!
Long Xiao is a great martial martial marquis who suffered a lightning tribulation, don’t look like Long Xiao also just recently broke through, but Long Xiao’s strength is enough to rival that third grade great martial marquis strength!
After Long Xiao arrived at the Martial Dao Alliance with Long Jingguo, the faces of those clans and families who had come to attend the meeting changed dramatically, just like an old book seeing a cat!
And when Ning Zhi, who was in the main seat, saw this, he instantly understood that during this time, this Long Xiao seemed to have used thunderbolts to make these clans and families fearful!
“Ning Zhi, is it your intention to bring these to a meeting?”
Long Xiao looked at Ning Zhi, who was seated in the main seat, and asked coldly.
“That’s right, since the Zhu Alliance Master is dead, then I, the Vice Alliance Master, will be promoted directly to the Alliance Master, so what’s wrong with me calling a meeting with these Martial Alliance members?”
“It’s you, on the other hand, killing Alliance Master Zhu and hogging the Martial Dao Alliance, do you really think that no one in the Martial Dao Alliance can rule you?”
Ning Zhi’s eyes gaped slightly as his aura continued to surge!
“Just by you?” Long Xiao sneered, “You’re also worthy of ……”
With that said, Long Xiao actually slapped out his palm, an incomparably terrifyingly strong wind that went straight for Ning Zhi!
A strong aura instantly erupted from Ning Zhi’s body, directly dissolving that strong wind Long Xiao had slapped out!
The two were both Great Martial Marquises, and they had not used their full strength in their first encounter!
“Long Xiao, this is the Martial Alliance, I don’t want to fight you, if you’re not convinced, I’ll see you tomorrow at the martial arts arena ……”
Ning Zhi said with a voice like a thunder bell.
“Good, when that time comes I will show all the people of the martial arts world in Kyoto how you died in my hands.”
Long Xiao’s eyes were full of confidence, he had only broken through the thunder tribulation, how could he be compared to Ning Zhi.
After saying that, Long Xiao swept a glance at all the people present, “Listen to me, now get lost and go back, I will not be blamed, if you stay here, after I kill that Ning Zhi tomorrow, I will kill all those who stay here ……”
The tone of Long Xiao’s voice carried no doubt, and the hearts of the people in the entire hall all trembled!
Everyone looked at each other, not knowing what to do.
This was going to be their battle team, and once they chose wrong, it would be a headache.
“Alright, that’s it for today, you all go back, remember to go to the martial arts arena tomorrow and see how I’ll kill this arrogant man ……”
Ning Zhi waved his hand and told everyone to go back.
The crowd left in a hurry as if they had been pardoned!
But this time, Ning Zhi had taken up a certain position in the hearts of the crowd, and many people were silently praying in their hearts that Ning Zhi could kill Long Xiao and sit on the throne of the alliance!
The current Long Xiao was already reviled by many people, except that the crowd was afraid of his strength!
The news that Ning Zhi and Long Xiao, were going to fight at the martial arts arena, instantly exploded in the martial world!
But many people were cheering Ning Zhi on, hoping that he could win!
“Interesting, I didn’t expect these two to fight, but this Ning Zhi is considered to be quite talented, to have broken through to the Great Martial Marquis realm as well!”
Chen Ping said with some surprise after he got the news.
“That Long Xiao has been on the verge of a rebellion for some time now, in the Kyoto martial arts world, many people are eager for him to die, it seems that that Long Xiao’s life will not be long ……”
Long Wu said indifferently.
“Mr. Chen, who do you think will win this time, the two of them?”
Zhao Liguo asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Both of them were considered talented young men, and both had also recently broken through to the Great Martial Marquis realm.
If this was a fight, life and death would be hard to predict!
“Whoever wins between the two of them will depend on the soul spirit within them, which one is stronger, and not on the ability of their original bodies!”
“Even if they are exceptionally gifted, it would be almost impossible for them to break through to the Great Martial Marquis realm in such a short period of time, they are both just relying on the soul spirits within them ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes flickered with a cold aura, “No matter who wins, I’m going to join in the fun tomorrow ……”