“I’m looking for you to talk about the Immortal Spirit Stones, not for anything else!”
Chen Ping said to the green-robed middle-aged man!
“If you want to sell Immortal Spirit Stones, just go to the front desk and trade, you don’t need to find me!”
After saying that, the green-robed middle-aged man was about to leave!
It could be seen that he wanted to follow Chen Ping to draw a clear line and was not willing to see Chen Ping anymore!
After all, what they had done could be a matter of losing one’s head and having to execute all nine clans!
“I am not selling, I am buying!”
Chen Ping said!
“Buying Immortal Spirit Stones?”The green-robed middle-aged man froze, and then said, “I’m here to purchase Immortal Spirit Stones, but not for sale, if you want to buy Immortal Spirit Stones, go outside of the Beast City, if you purchase Immortal Spirit Stones privately within the Beast City, then you have to be arrested and imprisoned.”
Chen Ping did not speak, but directly pulled out a bag of purple gold spirit coins and threw it in front of the green-robed middle-aged man.
“This is my deposit, I need a large amount of Immortal Spirit Stones.”
Chen Ping said!
The green-robed middle-aged man glanced at the purple-gold spirit coins, and although his eyes were glowing with gold, he still shook his head and said, “I said, we are not for sale, and it’s useless for you to give as much money as you want.”
“It was Uncle Qian who told me to come ……,” Chen Ping told that Uncle Qian!
“Old Money?”
The green-robed middle-aged man frowned, “This fellow, why does he tell everything to the outside? Too much lack of integrity ……”
“I don’t have any Immortal Spirit Stones in my hand to sell to you right now, the batch of Immortal Spirit Stones that I acquired have already been handed over to the City Lord’s Mansion.”
Chen Ping looked at the green-robed middle-aged man, this fellow obviously did not want to follow his business.
“If you don’t sell it, forget it, then I will find someone else to buy it, if I get caught, I will give you all up then!”
Chen Ping picked up his own Purple Gold Spirit Coin and intended to leave!
When the green-robed middle-aged man heard this, he instantly stopped Chen Ping and said with a helpless face, “Fellow Daoist, there are things to discuss, what are you doing!”
“If you give us up, won’t you yourself be killed, why is this necessary!”
“I’m not afraid, the big deal is that I’ll die myself, but you guys are going to execute all nine clans.”Chen Ping threatened at the green-robed middle-aged man!
“Stop it, I was just talking casually, don’t you just want Immortal Spirit Stones, I’ll just give it to you, how much do you want, just tell me the number!”The green-robed middle-aged man wimped out and began to curry favour with Chen Ping!
“The more Immortal Spirit Stones I want, the better, the price can be given to you according to the highest price, I will definitely let you profit from it.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and threw the bag of Violet Gold Spirit Coins into the green-robed middle-aged man’s hand!
“No problem, I’ll help you acquire it, but the time may take a little longer, after all, I have to deliver on the City Lord’s side as well!”
The green-robed middle-aged man said!
“That’s fine, I can wait!”
Chen Ping knew that he would not be leaving Beast City for a while, so waiting for a while was fine!
“Fellow Daoist, since we are working together, we should be honest and open, my name is Liu Zhongnan, I am the shopkeeper of this acquisition shop, which is considered half a public position.”
The green-robed middle-aged man introduced himself after Chen Ping!
“My name is Chen Ping!”Chen Ping stretched out his hand and shook it after that Liu Zhongnan!
“Fellow Daoist Liu, how many of these Immortal Spirit Stone acquisition shops are there in the entire Beast City? Don’t you count as someone from the City Lord’s Mansion?”
Chen Ping asked!
“The entire Beast City’s regular acquisition shops, it is estimated that there are more than a dozen of them, I only count as half of the City Lord’s Mansion’s people, I help the City Lord’s Mansion to collect the Immortal Spirit Stones, and the City Lord’s Mansion doesn’t give me a single bit of resources.”
“I’m now considered to be working for the City Lord’s Mansion for nothing, but there is one advantage, and that’s that I can operate secretly and intercept some Immortal Spirit Stones myself only!”
“Like some cultivators who privately acquire Immortal Spirit Stones, if they are discovered, then they will be arrested and sent to jail.”
Liu Zhongnan said in detail!
Listening to Liu Zhongnan mentioning the dungeon, Chen Ping remembered the heavenly ancient tree in the dungeon, so he asked curiously, “Fellow Daoist Liu, you’ve been in Beast City for so long, do you know why there is a heavenly ancient tree in the middle of that dungeon?”
“And that tree root, intricately growing inside the cell, why doesn’t the big prison change its place?”