If Di Chongjing hadn’t done so, Patriarch Jiang wouldn’t have been able to unite the crowd to hunt him down!
“Shut up, you claim to be acting on behalf of Heaven, do you know what the Way of Heaven is?”
“Don’t pretend to be compassionate to me, haven’t you ever killed anyone or plundered resources?”
“In a place like the Celestial Realm, you talk to me about acting on behalf of Heaven? It’s simply a joke.”
“Does the Celestial Realm have a heavenly way? This place is hell, the hell that makes people like us kill each other!”
“I’ll tell you the truth, I came here today to avenge the revenge from back then, I’m going to use your blood and bones to enhance my strength.”
Di Chongjing also stopped pretending and roared at Patriarch Jiang in annoyance!
“Senior brother, I can offer my blood and bones, as long as you’re willing to bypass the crowd of my Soul Demon Sect!”
Patriarch Jiang knew that if a fight broke out, he was afraid that their Soul Demon Sect would be destroyed!
Now if he sacrificed him alone to save the Soul Demon Sect, he was very willing to do so!
“Father ……”
“Father-in-law ……”
“Patriarch ……”
Jiang Yulian, Ochre Yan and the many Soul Demon Sect disciples all looked at Patriarch Jiang in shock!
This spirit of Patriarch Jiang who sacrificed his life for the sake of others made the crowd very moved!
“Senior brother, seeing as you and I are from the same division, I should have agreed to your request.”
“It’s just a pity that all these people under me also need to cultivate and need resources, and these disciples of your Soul Demon Sect are the best resources.”
“That’s why I can’t promise you that none of you from the Soul Demon Sect can stay, all of you will die ……”
Di Chongjing’s eyes were cold and cruel!
“You …………”
Patriarch Jiang froze, his eyes filled with rage “Di Chongjing, if you push me, our Soul Demon Sect is not something to be messed with if we fight for our lives.”
“Hahaha, I’ll push you, what can you do? I can crush you to death with a single finger!”
Di Chongjing smiled coldly as he simply looked down on Patriarch Jiang!
Patriarch Jiang looked at that Di Chong Jing, knowing that there could be no room for negotiation with this fellow, so he clenched his teeth and said, “Soul Demon Sect’s people listen to the order, fight with these Blood and Bone Sect’s people, even if it means death, we can’t allow them to suck blood and gnaw on bones.”
Patriarch Jiang roared and directly struck out towards Di Chongjing!
When dealing with someone like Di Chongjing, who had a higher strength than oneself, one had to strike first and take them by surprise!
As soon as he struck, Patriarch Jiang used his entire body’s strength, a shocking aura, towards Di Chongjing!
The rest of the Soul Demon Sect also struck at the same time!
Either way, they were going to die, so all of the people from the Soul Demon Sect all erupted with their strongest battle power!
Boom boom boom …………
For a time, there was a constant roar within the Soul Demon Sect, and the heavens and earth trembled!
Spiritual Qi was like a wave, a wave accompanied by a wave spreading in all directions!
However, the disciples of the Soul Demon Sect were, after all, lower in strength, and soon there were Soul Demon Sect disciples who fell to the ground with serious injuries!
The Blood and Bone Sect’s people didn’t lay their hands on them, because if these people died, they wouldn’t be able to be used as cultivation resources!
It was only when they were alive that the blood and bones on their bodies had the most use!
However, it was different for those fallen Immortals, even if those Immortals had died for a longer period of time, those Immortal bones still had an extremely high value!
Patriarch Jiang’s eyes were wide open as he continuously struck out towards Di Chongjing, each strike being incredibly vicious!
Unfortunately, every single one of them was easily dodged by Di Chongjing!
At the moment, Di Chong Jing was only teasing the Jiang Sovereign, he wasn’t trying to kill him, he just kept dodging and dodging, letting the Jiang Sovereign be teased like a monkey, unable to figure out what was going on!
Those Soul Demon Sect disciples, on the other hand, were falling one by one and were seriously injured!
Ochre Yan, on the other hand, was putting his best foot forward, a flame heading towards those Blood and Bone Sect disciples!
It was a pity that Ochre Yan’s strength was too low, even if the flames hit that Blood and Bone Sect’s people, they couldn’t create too much heavy damage!