After waiting for about half an hour, a van drove over, followed by several smaller cars.
After it stopped, a middle-aged man came down from the first cart, wearing a diamond ring on his hand and a thumb-thick gold chain around his neck, with a cigar in his hand.
From the other trolleys came down a dozen bodyguards in suits, each wearing sungla*ses and emitting an appalling aura, and at first glance they were not weak!
“Mr Feng, coming to my place for delivery and bringing so many bodyguards, is this looking down on me or on my Wu family?”
Wu Dong joked as he walked over and shook hands after that General Feng!
“Of course I know the strength of your Wu family in the provincial capital, but this truck is full of top quality Heng Shan stones, which are worth a lot of money, if something goes wrong halfway, I won’t be a beggar!”
Feng smiled, revealing two big gold teeth!
“Mr. Feng is worth more than enough to buy the entire Heng Shan Mountain, not to mention a carload of Heng Shan stones!”
Wu Dong bragged to that Mr. Feng!
“Mr. Wu has over-complimented you …………”
Although Feng said this, his face was smiling!
Chen Ping on the side was impressed with Wu Dong, although he didn’t like martial arts, he was really a good businessman!
After Wu Dong had exchanged a few pleasantries with Feng, Feng went to Pei Lao who was sitting on a chair and said politely to him, “Pei Lao, you’ve come out personally today!”
“This cart of Hengshan stones is worth a lot of money, so Wu Dong didn’t feel at ease and invited me here personally!” Pei Lao remained seated with his eyes slightly closed and said!
“Sir Wu, we’ve been dealing with each other for so many years, you still can’t trust me, Old Feng, to invite Pei Lao here personally!”
Chief Feng looked towards Wu Dong and said half-jokingly.
“Chief Feng, there is nothing wrong with being careful, not to mention that the price of this batch of Hengshan stones is not low!”
Wu Dong also said with a faint smile.
“In that case, let’s examine the goods first, but I still say, this is the original stone, I won’t guarantee that you will produce gems, or what kind of gems, after the examination and transaction, but I will not return or exchange!” Feng said with a serious face.
“I understand, there is no need for Mr. Feng to explain this!” Wu Dong nodded his head!
Soon, a cart of raw stones was dumped at the designated place, the cart of stones were of different sizes and shapes, if an uneducated person looked at them, there was no difference from ordinary stones!
“Pei Lao, thank you ……”
Wu Dong went forward and asked Pei Lao to examine the goods and personally helped him up!
Pei Lao nodded, pulled out a magnifying gla*s, and a very delicate small hammer, then walked over to the randomly selected raw stones!
There were so many stones, it would be impractical to check them one by one, so they had to pick a dozen randomly for Pei Lao to inspect!
As to whether these dozen stones could represent the quality of a truckload of raw stones, no one could say, it all depended on luck, gambling itself is something that depends on luck!
Just as Pei Lao was looking carefully at those raw stones, Chen Ping suddenly frowned slightly, followed by walking to the pile of raw stones, and then bent down and started picking them up!
General Feng took a look at Chen Ping and did not stop him, he still thought that Chen Ping was one of Wu Dong’s men who had brought him there.
Chen Ping kept picking aside the stones in front of him and soon a stone the size of an egg with a smooth surface and an oval shape appeared in front of Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping’s hand touched the stone, a pure spiritual energy went straight towards Chen Ping’s body.
The spiritual energy contained in this egg-sized stone was surprisingly more abundant than the spiritual energy in those jade stones that were tens of times larger.