All of them joined the Martial Arts Alliance, while some lucky ones, seeing that something was wrong, immediately announced their withdrawal from the Martial Arts Alliance!
All of a sudden, everyone in the martial arts world was scared to death of the Alliance, and no one dared to mention it again, let alone join it!
Even many of the staff within the Martial Arts Union had resigned, and even the guards at the entrance had run away!
Originally, the Martial Arts Alliance wanted to use this method to stimulate Chen Ping, so that Chen Ping’s mind would be in turmoil and he would be able to deal with him well.
But to their surprise, in just half a day, the Wudao Alliance had been isolated!
There were only a dozen people left in the entire Martial Dao Alliance, apart from the seven of them in black and silver robes.
At noon, it was time for the tournament!
At the martial arts arena on the outskirts of the city, it was already crowded with people.
Originally, the Martial Alliance wanted to make a high-profile appearance, but now there were only a dozen people left, so how could they still make a high-profile appearance?
The seven black and silver robes had no choice but to go to the martial arts arena alone, leaving the remaining dozen people to watch over the Martial Alliance!
Just as the seven Black Silver Robes left the Martial Alliance, Long Xingxu immediately led his men in!
Kill on sight, every Dragon Sect man had endless anger towards the people of the Martial Dao Alliance!
A dozen of the Martial Alliance’s men were quickly slaughtered, and Long Xing Xu successfully took over the Martial Alliance!
And smashed all the plaques and replaced them with those of the Dragon Sect!
Only the seven black and silver robes did not know it yet and were on their way to the martial arts arena.
Chen Ping was alone, standing quietly on top of the ring, waiting for the people of the Martial Dao Alliance.
Although Chen Ping was the only one on top of the ring, the crowd felt the aura on Chen Ping’s body as if he had a thousand horses!
“I want to change the bet, I want to bet on Chen Ping to win ……”
“This Chen Ping’s aura is indeed different from the other Grand Martial Marquis.”
“This match will definitely be exciting, I want to watch it properly.”
The crowd looked at Chen Ping on top of the ring and chattered!
“The people from the Martial Alliance are here ……”
Just then, seven black and silver robes slowly approached and then got on top of the ring!
Seeing that all seven Grand Martial Marquis of the Martial Dao Alliance had appeared, the crowd then stopped talking and quietly looked above the ring!
At this moment, in a corner under the ring, a man, also wearing a black robe and with his face covered up, was staring deadly at the ring!
This man was none other than Ning Zhi, who at this moment had long since ceased to be entirely himself.
“These fools, trying to anger Chen Ping and make his mind go into turmoil, now it seems to have backfired.”
Ning Zhi spoke slowly.
“You observe well, and when the time comes, you’ll have a fight on your hands when you follow that Chen Ping.”
In Ning Zhi’s mind, the voice of the Demon Envoy appeared.
“Lord Demon Amba*sador, do you think that seven black and silver robes, in addition to two Martial Saint Weapons, still can’t catch this Chen Ping?”
Ning Zhi asked with some surprise.
“Not necessarily, but that Chen Ping dares to challenge the Martial Alliance on his stomach, and still looks as if he is calm and collected, so it seems that he is prepared.”
The devil amba*sador said.
“Then if the seven black and silver robes lose in a moment, should we make a move?”
Ning Zhi asked.
“No, your task now is to increase your strength as soon as possible, it won’t take long and you’ll be of great use.”
The devil amba*sador said hoarsely.
Ning Zhi nodded, although he didn’t know what other great use he could be, but since the Demon Envoy had said so, it seemed that he would have an unlimited future.
Above the ring, Chen Ping was alone, following the seven black and silver robes of the Martial Alliance relative to each other!
The boss slowly took a step forward, before looking at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
Chen Ping likewise looked at the boss in the black and silver robes, his eyes filled with murderous aura!
The two men began to emit their auras, a wave of aura sweeping over each other like a wave of the sea, constantly pounding against each other!
It was obvious that the boss was testing Chen Ping’s strengths!