Chen Ping took a long breath and then told the story of how he had followed the spring to dig the mountain!
When she heard that all these things were made by Chen Ping and that Chen Ping was buried under the mountain, Liu Rui’s eyes were wide open and her face was full of disbelief!
She had no idea that Chen Ping had really made all these things!
After hearing this, Yue Buqun also felt a headache and looked a bit helpless, as Chen Ping was the only one who could remember digging the Kunlun Mountains with his bare hands!
However, the Regeneration Spring was not the sole property of the Pure Yang Sect, it was shared by the three sects and the six schools.
“Patriarch Ngok, was there a sect in the past in that place? Otherwise, why would the Mountain Stone have appeared?”
Chen Ping asked Yue Buqun.
Yue Buqun nodded and said, “It is true that there used to be a Water Fairy Palace in that place, but it disappeared hundreds of years ago.
“There were many people trying to find the remains of the Water Fairy Palace, but they never found it, so people slowly forgot about it!”
“If it wasn’t for the rejuvenation spring, I don’t think anyone would have gone to that place.”
“Water Fairy Palace?” Chen Ping frowned slightly and then said, “Patriarch Yue, do you think the remains of the Water Fairy Palace could be in the mountain range?”
“It’s possible, some people thought so at that time, but who would dare to crack the rocks and go into the mountain range?”
“Let’s not talk about whether this would affect the regeneration spring, but even if we found the remains of the Water Fairy Palace, I don’t think anyone would be able to get in!”
“I heard that the master of the Water Fairy Palace feeds on people and is cruel and unbearable, and that the whole Water Fairy Palace is filled with the aura of evil.
Yue Buqun explained.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he immediately thought of those blood-red rocks, which contained a sinister aura, so it seemed that the remains of the Water Fairy Palace were probably located in the mountains!
How could an ordinary spring have such miraculous effects? It was probably the water flowing through the remains of the Water Fairy Palace that gave the spring its miraculous effects.
“Master, Master …………”
At this moment, Liu Xing ran in with a slight anxiety!
When Yue Buqun saw Liu Xing’s face, he immediately looked pale and said, “What’s wrong?”
“A huge cave has suddenly appeared in the Kunlun Mountains and a large number of martial artists have gone up the mountain.
“There is also a letter from the major sects asking you to go and discuss the matter of the rejuvenation spring!”
Liu Xing said to Yue Buqun.
“I know I can’t hide it. ……”
Yue Buqun sighed softly and said.
“I can go with you, I’ll do what I have to do.”
Chen Ping did not want to make things difficult for Yue Buqun!
“Brother Chen, if you go with me, you won’t have a chance to come back, I have a way to deal with it!”
Yue Buqun said with a faint smile, then looked at Liu Xing and Liu Rui and said, “After I leave, you guys stay at the clan, no one is allowed to go up the mountain, you hear me?”
“The environment on that mountain is complicated and many things are unknown, even if the relics of the Water Fairy Palace come out, it will only get more people killed!”
Yue Buqun knew the dangers of that Water Fairy Palace relic, so he didn’t want his disciples to get killed!
“Understood!” Liu Xing and Liu Rui nodded their heads!
But Chen Ping was a little embarra*sed and said, “Patriarch Yue, I would like to go up to the mountain to have a look, perhaps there is something within the ruins of this Water Fairy Palace that can heal my two friends.”
“Brother Chen, since you want to go to the mountain, let Rui’er go with you, after all she is familiar with the area, but you have to do what you can, the Water Fairy Palace relics are not just for fun.”
Yue Buqun once again admonished Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, Sovereign Yue, I’ll take care of it ……,” Chen Ping a*sured!
But looking at Chen Ping like that, how could Yue Buqun be relieved that he had just let Chen Ping use the Regenerative Spring, and then stirred up such a big mess?
However, Yue Buqun did not say anything, but turned around and left!