“Good …………”
The surrounding crowd couldn’t help but start shouting good for Chen Ping.
On the other hand, that Kawaguchi Kazuo’s face was grim, but he didn’t put his gaze on Chen Ping, instead he was staring at Ge Yuhan with a deadly stare!
Anyone who could know about the Turtle Breath Grand Technique would definitely not be an ordinary person!
With an ugly face, Watanabe Jun rose from the ground, a blood-red katana manifested in his hand, and around that katana, countless resentful spirits surrounded it, so it was clear that this Watanabe Jun did not know how many people he had killed.
The blood-red light shone, and Watanabe Jun’s whole body turned red, as if he had been soaked in blood!
Countless deadly auras emerged from Watanabe Jun’s body, just like the aura of being in a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood!
At this moment, the dragon chopping sword in Chen Ping’s hand was glowing with light, constantly resounding with a buzzing sound, as if a hungry beast had seen its prey!
The grievous spirits around Watanabe Jun’s katana seemed to sense the scent of the Dragon Chopper, each with a hideous face, as if they were deliberately dodging!
Seeing this, Watanabe Jun’s brow furrowed!
Before the battle, the weapon in his own hand had wimped out!
“Burn your essence and renew your bushido spirit ……”
At that moment, Kawaguchi Kazuo slowly spoke, his voice low, as if it was emanating from the ancient underground!
As soon as that Watanabe Jun heard that, he actually bit through the tip of his tongue without hesitation, followed by a mouthful of fresh blood spraying on that katana body.
The blood-red katana, after encountering the blood, seemed to become excited, and the originally dodging resentment spirits became hissing, as if a fierce beast!
“Grievous Spirits strike ……”
Watanabe Jun shouted explosively, followed by a fierce swing of the katana in his hand, a terrifying aura seemed to descend from the sky, then those resentful spirits opened their bloody mouths and headed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at those resentful spirits, the corners of his mouth smiled coldly, “Buddha’s light shines ……”
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand instantly emitted a burst of golden light, and the light shot up into the sky and straight into the clouds!
Immediately afterwards, like the sun, it scattered a ray of light that shone over the entire earth!
Those originally vicious spirits suddenly struggled in pain after being illuminated by the golden light, and finally turned into a wisp of smoke and dissipated into the air!
The spirits disappeared, but the golden light was still there, a blinding golden light that instantly struck Jun Watanabe’s body, who suddenly showed his terror, followed by a painful struggle!
A black mist dispersed from Jun Watanabe’s body, followed by rapid disappearance, while at this moment, Kazuo Kawaguchi’s body, however, trembled slightly!
When Chen Ping saw this scene, the corners of his mouth lifted slightly: “It really seems to be the case ……”
Just now, Chen Ping had felt that Watanabe Jun’s sudden surge in aura must have been a soul possessing his body, only he hadn’t expected that that Kawaguchi Kazuo was still alive, yet he was able to emit a wisp of soul into someone else’s body!
This kind of technique was still unseen by Chen Ping, and he couldn’t help but take a keen interest in Kawaguchi Kazuo!
Watanabe Jun’s whole body was soaked in cold sweat, without Kawaguchi Kazuo’s help, at this moment, Watanabe Jun was already a lamb to be slaughtered.
Chen Ping leapt up, and then slammed his fist down!
The space around Jun’s body was distorted by this punch, and Jun’s body was covered in blood, which was unbearable!
Chen Ping saw that Watanabe Jun was still alive, so he threw a punch again!
With this punch, it was impossible for Jun Watanabe to live any longer.
At that moment, Kawaguchi Kazuo’s palm swung, and a huge force hit him, causing Chen Ping’s body to quickly retreat, and even then, Chen Ping still felt his breath rising up inside him!
“What do you mean by that?”
Chen Ping asked, glaring angrily at Kawaguchi Kazuo.
“The victory has been decided, there is no need to kill anymore ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo slowly spoke.