“Chen Ping, don’t mind it, they are from the Demon Sealing Alliance, if you ……”
Seeing this, the old village chief tried to persuade Chen Ping to stay out of it!
After all, the Demon Sealing Alliance was the biggest force in the Celestial Realm, everyone had to give face when they saw the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Old Village Chief, you don’t have to care, I came here this time specifically to exterminate the Demon Sealing Alliance!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Kid, you fucking ……”
When the long robed cultivator saw that Chen Ping even said that he wanted to exterminate the Demon Sealing Alliance, he was instantly enraged and opened his mouth to curse!
But just as he opened his mouth, he saw that Xuan Bin lightly spat towards the long robed cultivator!
Spit!
With this light spit, a breath instantly shot out from Xuan Bin’s mouth!
The long robed cultivator had not finished speaking, his body instantly exploded, blood and flesh sprayed everywhere!
Chen Ping just gently waved his hand and a barrier appeared, protecting the crowd from being soiled!
The crowd that saw this scene were all shocked, they never thought that the people that Chen Ping had brought with him would have such strong skills!
As for the three people brought by the robed cultivator, when they saw this scene, they instantly became weak in fear and turned their heads to run!
But just after running two steps, all three of them stopped, followed by their eyes rounding out as their bodies suddenly exploded themselves!
In the blink of an eye, the four people from the Demon Sealing Alliance were all dead!
But no one in Boulder Village had seen who had struck!
“Brother Chen Ping, what realm are these people you …… brought with you?”
Pillar asked with great curiosity!
Characters who could make the four people from the Demon Sealing Alliance all explode their bodies without moving, that realm must be very high!
“They are all in the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Ninth rank of the Mahayana realm?”Pillar had a confused look on his face, “What realm is that?”
The other people in Boulder Village also looked at Chen Ping with a confused look on their faces, these people did not know what the Ninth Grade of the Mahayana Realm was, after all, this realm was too far away from them!
Just like a child in a remote mountainous area who didn’t know how much a hundred million was, in their eyes, ten thousand should be astronomical!
“How to explain it to you, let me ask you, do you think this Demon Sealing Alliance is bullish?”
Chen Ping said!
Chen Ping said!
“Of course it’s bullish, the old village chief told us that this Demon Sealing Alliance is very powerful, the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance are spread all over the Celestial Realm.”
Pillar said loudly!
“Such a powerful Demon Sealing Alliance, even if the Demon Sealing Alliance Lord came, any one of them would be able to slap that Lord to death!”
Chen Ping could only explain to the pillar what the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm was like this!
“What?”
The pillar was directly confused, his brain unable to react for a moment!
The old village chief also said with his mouth rounded and open, “The Demon Sealing Alliance Alliance Master are …… not even an opponent?”
Chen Ping smiled and nodded!
Right at this moment, suddenly a dozen or so figures were flying towards Bashi Village!
“It’s the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance, coming to capture Granny ……”
Seeing this, Yun’er hurriedly said loudly!
The news that there was a demonic cultivator in Bashi Village just now had already spread out, so the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance would have rushed to Bashi Village!
“Yun’er don’t worry, no one will be able to capture Grandma!”Chen Ping gently stroked Yun’er’s hair!
Xuan Bin looked at the dozen or so people from the Demon Sealing Alliance who were getting closer and closer, and his palm was about to gently raise!
“Big brother, give me a chance to pretend ……”
Zhou Tang, who was on the side, hurriedly pressed Xuan Bin’s hand, he wanted to make a move to show the people of Boulder Village!
In front of these people from Boulder Village, it was quite refreshing to act like a pussy!
But Zhou Tang had just finished speaking when he saw a figure instantly rush out!
It turned out to be Cang Yue rushing out!
Bang Bang Bang …………
Cang Yue didn’t make a move, but only swayed his body around among those dozen or so Demon Sealer Alliance cultivators, directly causing the dozen or so Demon Sealer Alliance cultivators’ bodies to crumble!
Cang Yue’s physical body was incomparably strong, don’t look at Chen Ping was able to easily break Cang Yue’s physical body, but the other cultivators didn’t have that ability!
In just a breath of time, Cang Yue had already returned to his original position!
A dozen or so Seal Demon Alliance cultivators had already become mush, their blood and flesh scattered all over the place!