Ye Liancheng looked at Sheng Bushi with a cold smile on his face and said slightly playfully, “What do you guess?”
Sheng Bushi had a surprised look on his face, he couldn’t guess if he was asked to guess!
“Do you think I’m a child?Still letting me guess?”
Sheng Bushi said with a cold snort!
“Since you won’t guess, then I’ll tell you, I could find this place, of course it was your brother Sheng Tiantai who said so.”
Ye Liancheng laughed!
“Nonsense, impossible, this is impossible ……”
Sheng Bushi shook his head, “Although Tian Tai has always wanted to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, he would never tell you such a confidential place of our Sheng Family.”
Sheng Bushi didn’t believe it at all, this was the place where the Sheng family kept their lives, how could Sheng Tiantai just tell anyone else!
Although Sheng Tiantai did not share the same political views as himself, but it was impossible for Sheng Tiantai to do something that would harm the entire Sheng Family!
“You don’t believe me?”
Ye Liancheng asked!
“I don’t believe it, of course I don’t believe it, it’s impossible for Tian Tai to do this.”
Sheng Bushi shook his head!
“Since you don’t believe it, let me show you what this brother of yours is.”
Ye Liancheng took out a map with this location clearly marked on it.
Even Ye Liancheng took out the Sheng Family’s art secrets, and they were all laid out in front of Sheng Bushi!
Looking at everything in front of him, Sheng Bushi wanted to disbelieve, but had to believe!
“Animal, this animal …………”
Sheng Boshi cursed, he didn’t expect Sheng Tiantai to do such a thing!
If it was just a fight for the position of the family head, for the sake of the Sheng family’s development, Sheng Boshi could hand over the position of the family head!
But now, Sheng Tiantai had betrayed the entire Sheng family!
It was simply deceiving the master and committing an unforgivable sin!
Pfft ……
A mouthful of blood sprayed out from Sheng Bushi, and he fainted directly in anger!
Ye Liancheng, on the other hand, ordered someone to erect Sheng Bushi, then brought along Sheng Jiayue and directly brought this father and son duo back to the Ye Family!
“Family Master, we still don’t kill this guy, what are we doing by keeping him?”
A Ye family member asked in disbelief!
“He can’t die yet, there’s still a use for keeping him.”
Ye Liancheng said, glancing at the Ye Family’s backyard before asking, “How is the eldest young master doing?”
“Family Master, the Eldest Young Master has rarely been sick lately, only that his meridians are damaged, and if he wants to cultivate in the future, I’m afraid that it will be very difficult.”
That Ye family member replied!
Ye Liancheng nodded with a lost face and said, “I know, you guys have to keep an eye on that Sheng Bushi, absolutely cannot let him escape, and even more so, cannot let him die!”
“As you command!”That Ye family member turned around and left!
After that Ye family man left, Ye Liancheng leapt forward and his body instantly disappeared!
Soon, Ye Liancheng’s figure appeared next to a pool, a huge pool that was all filled with dark green water!
There were several men sitting hundreds of metres away from the pool!
Upon seeing Ye Liancheng’s arrival, the men all got up!
“Ye family master , we have broken some of the formations around this holy pool, I believe that in another year and a half, there will be a whole break possible.”
A man walked over to Ye Liancheng and whispered!
“Starting tomorrow, you guys don’t need to break the formations, I’ve found other people, you guys better rest!”
Ye Liancheng said with an expressionless face!
Ye Liancheng had spent a lot of money to hire these few masters who knew about formations, but it had been months since a few people had broken a little formation, it was simply too stupid!
The reason why Ye Liancheng wanted to break the formation was because this Holy Pool could allow people to reshape their muscles and bones and restore their meridians, and Ye Liancheng wanted his son to use this Holy Pool!
It was only that the holy pool was protected by a formation around it, and the only way to bubble the holy pool was to break the formation open!
Unfortunately, in the Celestial Realm, there are too few people who know about formations, and they are all dissatisfied with a bottle, half a bottle of the Lord, there is no real skill!
These few formation masters that Ye Liancheng had invited were such people, and although Ye Liancheng was dissatisfied, he did not dare to say anything!
This was also the reason why Ye Liancheng had gone through all the trouble of trying to get the Sheng Family to join the Demon Sealing Alliance!
In that case, he could borrow the Sheng Family’s hand, and the Sheng Family was really bullish when it came to spells and talismans!
Now that Sheng Bushi had been captured, Ye Liancheng wouldn’t be able to use these few Formation Masters who didn’t have any real skills!