Feeling the thunderbolt roar down, Chen Ping was instantly deflated, he had bet that the little Heaven Swallowing Beast would be able to help, but he was afraid that he was going to lose his bet!
Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian were even more deathly pale!
Watching the thunderbolt descend from the sky, they could do nothing but watch their master go up in smoke in front of them, not even leaving their corpses behind!
Seeing the thunderbolt arrive above Patriarch Jiang’s head!
Suddenly, a golden light emanated from Chen Ping’s body!
That golden light then went straight towards the thunderbolt, and just in the blink of an eye, the thunderbolt suddenly disappeared into thin air!
Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian were dumbfounded!
They had never seen that a thunderbolt could disappear halfway!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, tilted his head and looked up with a smile on his face!
In the midst of Jiang Yulian’s and Zheng Jian’s astonishment, the golden light shot straight up into the sky, heading towards the thunderbolt cloud!
The sky, which was originally incredibly dim, became clear in an instant after that golden light shot into the Thunder Tribulation Cloud!
And the blackened Thunder Tribulation Cloud disappeared into thin air!
“The thundercloud has disappeared?”
Zheng Jian’s face was full of surprise “This …… is only two thunder tribulations, how did the thunder tribulation cloud disappear?”
“What’s the situation, what was that golden light that just rushed out from Mr Cheng’s body?”
Jiang Yulian was also filled with a confused look!
Chen Ping also revealed an expression of slight surprise, he didn’t expect this little Heaven Swallowing Beast, to have swallowed the Thunder Tribulation Cloud!
Being able to swallow a thunder tribulation was perverse enough, but he didn’t expect that even the thunder tribulation cloud had been swallowed!
This was to even end the lair, directly making the thunder tribulation disappear!
Along with the disappearance of the thunder tribulation cloud, Patriarch Jiang was considered to have survived the thunder tribulation, and his entire body was instantly filled with vitality, without his previous decayed appearance, he was radiant and his cultivation aura was also much stronger!
The white hair had also turned black again, and his face did not have the slightest wrinkles, as if he had returned to middle age!
A breakthrough of a small realm in the Transition Realm, and an increase in lifespan of hundreds of years was a trivial matter!
If one was able to ascend to become an immortal, then longevity could almost be a non-issue, and very few immortals died because their longevity was depleted!
“Master, Master …………”
Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian shouted in excitement!
Patriarch Jiang slowly opened his eyes, he could feel the vitality in his body, as for what method Chen Ping used to help him get through the lightning tribulation, he was not sure, but he knew that it was all due to Chen Ping!
“Many thanks Mr Cheng ……”
Patriarch Jiang said, and knelt down for Chen Ping!
“Patriarch Jiang, I was just raising my hand, this is just Patriarch Jiang’s destiny ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly helped Patriarch Jiang up and said!
“Mr Cheng, I am very curious, what exactly did you use to help me block the thunderbolt?”
Patriarch Jiang asked with great curiosity!
“Master, Mr Cheng didn’t help you block the thunder tribulation, but he directly dispersed the thunder tribulation cloud, making the tribulation disappear.”
Jiang Yulian hurriedly said!
“What? Dispelling the thunder tribulation cloud?”
Patriarch Jiang’s eyes widened “I’ve never heard that a thunder tribulation cloud can still be dispersed ……”
“Master, it’s true, at that time, after the first thunder tribulation, there was the second thunder tribulation, but before that thunder tribulation hit your body, it was directly struck by a golden light from Mr Cheng’s body, the thunder tribulation disappeared, and then that golden light went straight into the thunder tribulation cloud!”
“It was also just the work of a split second, the thunder tribulation cloud disappeared, and you also passed the thunder tribulation ……”
Zheng Jian also hurriedly said!
This caused Patriarch Jiang to be filled with shock, he had never heard of such a situation before!
“Mr Cheng, can you tell us what exactly is the divine ability you used that dispersed the thunder tribulation cloud?”
Patriarch Jiang asked with great curiosity!
Chen Ping could only smile awkwardly and said “Patriarch Jiang, there are some things that I am not in a good position to inform, please don’t take offence, Patriarch Jiang!”
Chen Ping could not tell them that the Thunderbolt Cloud was not dispersed, but was eaten by the Heaven Swallowing Beast, could he?
It was estimated that these people wouldn’t believe it either!