At this moment, Minnie was still shouting at the entrance of the cave, after shouting twice with no movement, Minnie was a bit lost ……
But just as Minnie turned around to leave, she noticed a blue, eerie fire inside the cave, followed by a pitch-black figure!
This scared Minnie and she thought she had encountered a ghost!
“A ghost! …………”
Minnie shrieked in terror and closed her eyes.
“Who are you calling a ghost?”
At this time, Chen Ping had walked up to Xiaomin and said with a slight smile.
When Xiao Min heard that it was Chen Ping’s voice, she hurriedly opened her eyes and found that it was really Chen Ping.
“Big Brother Chen, you really haven’t left the Red Lotus Palace ……”
Seeing Chen Ping, Xiao Min was so happy that she almost didn’t jump up.
“Xiaomin, what do you want to see me for?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised as to how Xiao Min had come here to find himself.
“Brother Chen, our Red Lotus Palace is in trouble, can you help us? My sister said she didn’t want to trouble you ……”
Xiao Min bit her lips, her eyes looking at Chen Ping like she was praying.
“What’s happened?”
Chen Ping asked with a slight daze.
Xiaomin was about to open her mouth, but Chen Ping reached out and interrupted Xiaomin from speaking, instead looking serious and frowning slightly.
At this moment, the sound of the fight, had already reached here.
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping pulled on Xiaomin with one hand, then cast a swift step and quickly rushed to the entrance of the Red Lotus Palace!
“Sister ……”
Xiao Min saw that Ji Ru Xue was following Xiang Chong in a tangle.
The current Ji Ru Xue was covered in sweat, soaking her clothes through, panting and panting, her strength was all a bit strained.
But that Xiang Chong had an obscene face and seemed to be in no hurry, teasing Ji Ruxue.
Ji Ruxue heard Xiaomin shouting for herself and hurriedly looked over and shouted at Xiaomin, “Xiaomin, run, leave this place alone ……”
Ji Ru Xue told Xiaomin to run away quickly.
“Sister, I’ve found Brother Chen ……”
Minnie shouted.
Ji Ru Xue also saw Chen Ping beside Xiaomin at this time, she didn’t expect that Chen Ping had really not left the Red Lotus Palace.
“Big Brother Chen, please save my sister ……”
Xiaomin pulled on Chen Ping’s arm and prayed.
Chen Ping nodded, and then his body flickered away.
Immediately afterwards a majestic force blasted towards that Xiang Chong.
Xiang Chong’s face turned pale, then he hurriedly retreated, dodging the blow!
However, a deep crater was blasted into the ground by Chen Ping!
The loud explosion caused the crowd to all stop, while that Ji Ru Xue looked towards Chen Ping and thanked him repeatedly, “Thank you Mr. Chen for saving me ……”
Chen Ping glanced at Ji Ruxue, followed by a double blush.
Because Ji Ruxue was drenched in sweat at this moment, her clothes were soaked through, so under the sunlight, they were transparent!
This made Chen Ping’s nose almost not bleed when he looked at her.
“Palace Master Ji, I’ll just take care of these guys, you’d better go and change your clothes ……”
Chen Ping didn’t dare to look directly at Ji Ruxue!
At this moment, Ji Ruxue also realized that she had gone a bit naked, so she hurriedly turned around and went to change her clothes.
And that Xiang Chong looked at Chen Ping with a grim face and a somewhat grave expression.
“Are you the Chen Ping who killed Guo Wei, the director of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union?”
Xiang Chong asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
“That’s right, I didn’t expect you to still know me!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Seeing Chen Ping’s admission, Xiang Chong’s face became even more ugly.
Chen Ping was kind of famous at the moment, and people were generally unwilling to mess with him, which actually saved Chen Ping a lot of trouble.
Otherwise, if a random cat or dog came to trouble him, wouldn’t Chen Ping be annoyed to death.
“Chen Ping, you and I have no grievances, today is our feud with the Red Lotus Palace, I hope you won’t interfere.”
“When I settle the Red Lotus Palace, I will invite you to the Sacred Beast Palace to have a good sit ……”
Xiang Chong didn’t want to follow Chen Ping into conflict, but he refused to be able to let the Red Lotus Palace go either.
He simply brought out the Sacred Beast Palace.
He thought that after Chen Ping heard the three words Holy Beast Palace, he would know how to retreat.