Chen Ping looked at the youngest brother, feeling a little strange, when did this guy become so understanding!
He also sent ten Immortal Spirit Stones, it is estimated that he is looking at Xiong Ying, and is just flattering Xiong Cuo and his siblings!
“Take me in to take a look ……”
Chen Ping let Brother Missy lead the way into the depths of the vein!
Inside there were a dozen or so cultivators mining Immortal Spirit Stones, each cultivator was at the Mahayana Realm, with extraordinary strength!
This Qian Yue was able to gather so many Mahayana realm cultivators and then do this kind of disgraceful thing, he did have some skills!
Chen Ping looked at the Immortal Spirit Stones on the wall and then reached out to touch them!
But just after a touch, Chen Ping’s eyes instantly revealed killing intent!
“Uncle Qian, no one has come to trouble you in the past few days, right?”
Chen Ping asked to Qian Yue!
“No, this place is so hidden that no one knows about it at all, how could anyone look for trouble!”
Qian Yue shook his head with a smile and said!
“Since no one is looking for trouble, then who placed the formations within this vein?”
Chen Ping’s face suddenly turned cold and a murderous aura filled his body!
“Formation? What kind of formation? I don’t know ah ……”
Qian Yue still wanted to play dumb and pretend not to know!
But that the youngest sister’s brother at this time, his face became ugly, his eyes flickered not dare to look at Chen Ping!
This guy is obviously a thief!
“No need to pretend, since I have already seen it, there is no point in pretending!”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice!
Seeing that Chen Ping had already found out, Qian Yue simply stopped pretending and said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, I don’t want it to be like this either, but there is simply no way for you and I to guard such an important vein.”
“Even if you break through to the Mahayana Realm, what can you do? This mineral vein will also be discovered sooner or later, rather than having it snatched away by then, it would be better to find a powerful partner in advance!”
Chen Ping listened to Qian Yue’s words, anger burned in his heart, he trusted Qian Yue so much, but he didn’t want this fellow to betray himself just a few days ago!
Then Chen Ping dropped his eyes to the youngest sister’s brother, this guy so it seems, should also follow Qian Yue is a gang!
In that case, wouldn’t Xiong Cuo’s siblings be in danger!
“It looks like you have already found a powerful partner? I just don’t know if this partner you found is really powerful?”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body surged, ready to strike at any moment!
“Of course it has strength, I can make no secret of the fact that I have already told Duke Qiu of the Qiu Mansion about this vein, and these cultivators who are mining it are all from the Qiu Mansion as well.”
“Originally I wanted to share some of it with you, who would have thought that you would have killed Qiu Yu and followed the Qiu Mansion with a blood feud, so it’s not my fault.”
“But Mr. Qiu said, you just have to be good and tie your hands, you’ll be able to keep your body intact!”
Qian Yue said as he looked at Chen Ping without any fear!
Behind the back of the House of Qiu, Qian Yue was not afraid of Chen Ping at all, not to mention that this place had been laid down by that Master Luan, specifically targeting Chen Ping!
Now as long as he starts the formation, Chen Ping will be immediately bound without any threat!
Hearing that Qian Yue had actually defected to Qiu Fu, Chen Ping’s anger increased!
It turned out that when he was looking for that Qian Yue, this guy was already a member of the Qiu Mansion, Chen Ping was a little chagrined at this time, trusting this person too much!
However, this is not within the Beast City, even if that Qian Yue’s back is the Qiu Palace, Chen Ping is not afraid at all, not to mention that now Chen Ping has also broken through to the Mahayana realm, and even more so, he will not put this Qian Yue in his eyes!
Only Chen Ping is now worried about the safety of Xiong Cuo siblings, and where the youngest sister went!
“Where is Xiong Cuo’s brother and sister? And where did your sister go?”
Chen Ping did not pay attention to that Qian Yue, looked to the youngest sister’s brother and asked!
“They don’t know what’s good for them, they are not willing to cooperate, and have been locked up.”
“In fact, I am not willing to do this, just that you have offended the Qiu Palace, you will die, we are following you, but also to lose our lives.”
The youngest sister’s brother followed Chen Ping and explained!