Boom …………
Chen Ping’s kick directly sent the one-eyed dragon flying, this time flying more than ten meters before falling down heavily.
Seeing that Chen Ping really dared to follow the one-eyed dragon, that Gu Feng was so scared that he rolled his eyes and almost didn’t die!
“Kid, you dare to hit Brother Long, now you’re dead …………”
When Ni Wei saw that Chen Ping had actually hit the one-eyed dragon, he said with an excited look on his face.
Chen Ping glanced at that Ni Wei, and with his biting eyes, he immediately scared that Ni Wei didn’t dare to speak anymore!
At this moment, the one-eyed dragon was being helped up, with blood still flowing from the corner of his mouth!
“Clear the room, close the door …………”
One-eyed Dragon stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, before shouting out an order!
Soon, the entire bar was cleared out, and even that Gu Feng was carried and thrown out.
Inside the huge bar, only Chen Ping was left alone, along with dozens of bar guards.
After being thrown out, Gu Feng climbed up on trembling legs and ran away without looking back, he wouldn’t recognize his brother-in-law at this time, it was best if he didn’t get into trouble!
The one-eyed dragon wiped a handful of blood from the corner of his mouth and walked up to Chen Ping with a fierce look on his face: “Kid, you are the first person to make a move against me. If I don’t kill you today, how can my Red Phoenix Hall’s reputation survive?”
Chen Ping sat quietly in his chair, picked up a cup of wine and drank it down without the slightest change of expression on his face!
“If it weren’t for the reputation of the Red Phoenix Hall and your Hall Master being a woman of greatness, do you think you would still have the chance to stand in front of me and speak now?”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful expression.
“Good boy, so arrogant even at the end of your life!” One-eyed Dragon was full of anger, “Kill him for me ……”
With a command from One-Eyed Dragon, dozens of security guards rushed up towards Chen Ping with sticks!
“Tranquil!”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as his body suddenly disappeared into place.
Immediately afterwards, One-Eyed Dragon saw a black shadow weaving through the crowd, followed by the sound of wailing coming from the crowd!
In just a few minutes, none of the dozens of security guards were left standing, each one of them fell to the ground and wailed in pain.
But these guards’ lives were not in danger, Chen Ping had shown mercy!
“Crap …………”
The one-eyed dragon’s mouth was open wide enough to stuff an egg, and his only remaining eye was filled with fear!
Chen Ping slowly walked towards the one-eyed dragon, while the one-eyed dragon kept retreating in fear!
Retreating all the way to the wall, the one-eyed dragon could not retreat any further and turned to Chen Ping full of fear, “You …… what do you want to do, I am a member of the Red Phoenix Hall, if you kill me, our Hall Master will definitely not spare you.”
“No need to be nervous, did I say I would kill you?” Chen Ping looked at One-Eyed Dragon’s nervous look and couldn’t help but smile, “All I need is for you to call your Hall Master here.”
The one-eyed dragon was stunned, “What do you need to call our Hall Master for? Although our Hall Master is a living Bodhisattva, if you mess up the shop like this, the Hall Master will also be angry and may want to kill you!”
“Aren’t you trying to get me killed? Your Hall Master is here, isn’t that just what you want?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised as to how this One-Eyed Dragon could remind himself.
The one-eyed dragon’s face instantly became embarra*sed beyond belief, and his eyes dodged as he said, “I …… am afraid that our Hall Master will not be able to spare me when he comes!”
One-eyed Dragon’s words instantly made Chen Ping understand, the feeling was that this guy was afraid that their Hall Master would come and find him in trouble!
After all, being so arrogant and domineering, beating people up without asking questions, was not like what the legendary Red Phoenix Hall had done!
“Either call your Hall Master here, or die, your choice!”
Chen Ping didn’t want to follow this one-eyed dragon in his nonsense, so he threatened.
“I’ll call, I’ll call now!”
In front of the threat of death, the one-eyed dragon did not hesitate.
One-eyed Dragon took out his mobile phone and could only call the Hall Master, Red Phoenix, over!