When Chen Ping heard that it was the Gao family who wanted to see him, he followed Gao Qilan!
He was also looking forward to following the Gao family head to meet him!
Chen Ping didn’t really know what kind of attitude the Gao family head had at the moment!
If Gao Qiqiang was an evil person, or even someone who colluded with demonic cultivators, then they would be in danger if they lived in the Gao family!
Soon, Gao Qilan brought Chen Ping to the parlour!
Chen Ping saw that on the main seat, a middle-aged man was sitting there, and Chen Ping knew that this should be Gao Qiang, the head of the Gao family, while at the bottom seat, sitting there was Gao Qijie!
When Gao Qijie saw Chen Ping, he politely got up and greeted Chen Ping!
After all, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping, Gao Qijie would have been buried in the devil cultivator’s trap long ago, something Gao Qijie knew best!
Seeing Chen Ping, Gao Qijie also hurriedly got up and greeted him personally!
“Mr. Chen, thank you so much, not only did you save Xiao Lan, you also saved Xiao Jie, it’s hard for us to repay your kindness to our Gao family.”
Gao Qiang didn’t have the slightest bit of the family head’s demeanour, instead he was very amiable!
This first impression made Chen Ping very comfortable!
“Clan Master Gao is serious, it is inevitable that there will be difficulties outside, and it is normal for cultivators to help each other!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Mr. Chen, please take a seat ……”
Gao Qiqiang sat in an invitation gesture before returning to his seat himself!
After sitting down, Gao Qiqiang clapped his hands and someone soon brought up a very delicate copper plate, and on top of the plate, a crystal clear fragment of ice spirit shone with a faint light!
“Mr. Chen, you no longer know that there are many ice spirit fragments in this extreme north, only that it is extremely difficult to find.”
“However, this Ice Soul Fragment is of great help in cultivating and restoring spiritual power, you saved my younger siblings, I, Mister Gao, have nothing to thank you for, so I can only give you an Ice Soul Fragment, I hope you won’t mind ……”
Gao Qiqiang said very sincerely!
The first thing you need to do is to get a new one!
“Master Gao, this is too valuable for me to accept, besides, I am already grateful that Miss Gao saved my two friends and let them stay here in peace.”
Chen Ping was grateful to Gao Qilan for saving Fire Phoenix and Yu Jia Meng and arranging for them to stay in his room!
“Mr. Chen, I heard that those two girls are your confidantes, and this matter was originally the fault of my indisputable second brother, which almost led to a big mistake!”
“But I’ve already taught him a lesson, this ice spirit fragment please Mr. Chen must also accept it ……”
Gao Qiqiang said!
Seeing how persistent Gao Qiqiang was, Chen Ping had no choice but to accept that Ice Soul Fragment!
After seeing Chen Ping accept the ice fragment, Gao Qiang smiled and then waved his hand and said, “Xiao Lan, Xiao Jie, you guys go out, I have something to talk to Mr. Chen about.”
Gao Qilan and Gao Qijie nodded and then walked out!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was puzzled, not understanding what Gao Qiqiang had to say to himself!
Just after Gao Qilan and Gao Qijie left, Gao Qiang suddenly slapped out an aura that instantly enveloped towards Chen Ping!
This breath was incomparably domineering and instantly enveloped Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not expect that Gao Qijiang would suddenly strike at him, his brow furrowed and the power of the three clans on his body instantly exploded!
This was followed by another huge surge of divine sense, desperately drilling towards Chen Ping’s body, as if to probe out all of Chen Ping’s secrets!
Just as this divine sense was about to enter Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping’s vast sea of consciousness also instantly emitted the power of divine sense, trying to devour or crush this force that had invaded his body!