“Not terrible ……” Chen Ping hurriedly shook his head!
“Let’s go!” Gu Ling’er turned around and left, not even glancing at Qin Feng’s corpse, she no longer had this man in her heart!
But Gu Ling’er had just taken two steps when she suddenly stepped on a bed sheet under her feet, followed by a stumble and almost didn’t fall down, fortunately Gu Ling’er was quite agile and stood firm after a flip!
The bright moonlight spilled on her body, making her skin even whiter and crystal clear!
The graceful figure was like a fairy descending from heaven, Chen Ping was frozen after just one look!
Gu Ling’er also sensed the difference and looked towards Chen Ping with a jerk, before blushing: “Close your eyes, you rascal ……”
The first thing you need to do is to wrap the bed sheet around your body, not to mention how embarra*sed you are!
Chen Ping also hurriedly turned around: “I didn’t do it on purpose, it was you who ripped off the bed sheet, it had nothing to do with me ……”
“And you’re still soph*moric!” Gu Ling’er glared at Chen Ping: “I’m telling you, after you go back, don’t say anything to anyone!”
“Don’t say, don’t say …………”
Chen Ping hurriedly shook his head!
After Chen Ping followed Gu Ling’er back, Su Yuqi had been uneasy, walking around inside the room anxiously waiting for news!
Seeing that Gu Ling’er and Chen Ping had returned, and that Gu Ling’er was still wrapped in a bed sheet and had a wretched appearance, after seeing Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er ran straight back to her room to change her clothes!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Su Yuqi asked with concern.
“It’s fine …………,” Chen Ping shook his head.
“What about Ling’er? Is Ling’er alright?”
Su Yuqi continued to ask.
“I don’t know, you can ask yourself!” Chen Ping shrugged his shoulders.
Su Yuqi could only walk into the room and ask Gu Ling’er herself. Just as she walked into the room, she saw that Gu Ling’er had changed her clothes and was standing at the window looking out of the window, and the sound of rushing water was ringing inside the bathroom!
When she heard someone come in, Gu Ling’er didn’t turn around, she knew it was Su Yuqi who came in. At this moment, deep inside Gu Ling’er was a little afraid of seeing Su Yuqi because just now when she was in Chen Ping’s arms, she actually had some feelings for Chen Ping, if Chen Ping had wanted her then, she believed she wouldn’t have refused!
This was her best friend’s husband, how could she have such thoughts?
Su Yuqi looked at Gu Ling’er like that, she was so distressed, she thought that Gu Ling’er had been poisoned by that Qin Feng, so she had become afraid to see herself!
“Ling’er, it’s alright, take a hot bath and sleep in peace, it’s all in the past, there are a few girls who are still intact in this society now, you don’t have to care too much, even if you’re not intact now, with your beauty and strength, you can still find a good man.”
Su Yuqi whispered to comfort Gu Ling’er, “If anything happens, there’s still me, you mustn’t think twice about it, don’t do anything stupid!”
“What are you talking about?” Gu Ling’er couldn’t listen anymore and turned back to Su Yuqi, “That Qin Feng didn’t do anything to me, he just took off my clothes, before he could, Chen Ping arrived …………”
“Oh, that’s good!” Su Yuqi was relieved when she heard that, Gu Ling’er was fine then everything was fine.
“Wait a minute ……” Su Yuqi froze, “You said you were stripped naked, then wouldn’t Chen Ping have seen you naked?”
Gu Ling’er blushed, she didn’t expect that she had spoken out of turn, so she hurriedly explained, “No, I was still wearing my clothes!”
“Oh!” Su Yuqi nodded and smiled heatedly, “If that Chen Ping looked at you naked, I’ll make him responsible for you ……”