“I just didn’t tell you about it ……”
Long Wu looked a little flustered as he was exposed by Wu Mei’er, and hastily pocketed his phone.
He didn’t want Gu Ling’er to know the news that Chen Ping had died, she was afraid that Gu Ling’er wouldn’t be able to bear the blow.
Gu Ling’er looked at Long Wu’s expression that was obviously not right, so she asked, “Uncle Long, is there something you are hiding from us? Why did you put the phone up?”
“No, no ah ……”
Long Wu explained in a panic.
Gu Ling’er, on the other hand, took advantage of a lack of attention from Long Wu and snatched the phone from inside Long Wu’s coat pocket.
When Gu Ling’er opened her phone and saw the news that Chen Ping had been killed by Ning Hai, her whole body was instantly dumbfounded.
She couldn’t believe it was true, but when she saw the few photos attached, she sat down on the ground at once.
The mobile phone in her hand fell to the ground, and Gu Ling’er’s entire body fell into a daze.
She couldn’t believe it was real no matter what.
“No, it’s not real, it’s not real ……”
Gu Ling’er cried out with a wow.
Xiao Lan and Wu Mei’er hurriedly comforted Gu Ling’er, but when the two of them knew that it was Chen Ping who had been killed, they both lost their voices instantly as well.
Chen Ping’s death was too great a blow to all of them.
Long Wu could only shed tears in silence too, he did not know how to persuade Gu Ling’er and the girls.
I don’t know how long he cried, the tears had long since dried up!
Gu Ling’er slowly got up, and there was no longer a single tear in her eyes, but a strong killing intent in its place.
“I will kill everyone in the Ning family to avenge Chen Ping, I can’t let him still not rest in peace under the nine springs ……”
Gu Ling’er gritted her teeth as a terrifying killing aura permeated her body.
“Ling’er, don’t be impulsive, even Chen Ping is not a match for that Ning Hai, if you go to take revenge, it would be seeking death ……”
Long Wu persuaded Gu Ling’er.
“Chen Ping is already dead, there is no more point for me to live, I can’t avenge him, then I will go with him.”
“I don’t want him to be alone down there ……”
Gu Ling’er’s mind was made up and her eyes were frighteningly cold!
At this moment, Gu Ling’er was no longer a girl, but a cold vengeance machine.
“Ling’er, I will accompany you ……”
Xiaolan said to Gu Ling’er.
“And me, I’ll go too ……”
Wu Mei’er also spoke up.
Long Wu looked at the three girls and could only sigh heavily.
“Then I will accompany you all on a trip back to Kyoto, but to avenge Chen Ping, you must not do it brutally ……”
Since all three girls were so determined, then Long Wu decided to take them back to Kyoto.
Think of every possible way to avenge Chen Ping!
…………
The Valley of the Wicked!
Zhao Liguo’s entire body went into a rage when he found out the news after Chen Ping was killed again.
Although he couldn’t believe it was true, those bloody photos of Chen Ping on the martial arts forum had to make him believe it again.
Zhao Liguo’s Shadowless Villa, being a hall of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, now that Chen Ping, the Hall Master, had been killed, he had the responsibility to go and avenge Chen Ping.
“Mr. Chen, don’t worry, I will definitely take revenge for you for this.”
A cold aura flickered in Zhao Liguo’s eyes.
“Dad, let’s take our men to kill the Ning family right now and avenge Brother Chen ……”
Zhao Barging’s eyes were red from crying and he gritted his teeth.
“With our current strength, it would be useless to go to the Ning family.”
“Now when the four villains recover from their wounds and come out, we will kill the Ning family together!”
“As long as I, Zhao Liguo, have a breath, I will fight the Ning Family to the end ……”
Zhao Liguo knew that with this amount of strength they had, it was not enough to avenge Chen Ping.
Right now, the four villains were still healing within the Demon Subduing Tower, and when the four villains came out, they would come together to kill the Ning Family.
Even if they had to sacrifice all of their lives, they would follow the Ning Family and die together to avenge Chen Ping.