“Chen Ping, today is the last day of the competition, are you not going to fight?”
“If you don’t fight, then you won’t win three fights, in that case, most of the resources of the Ge family will go to me.”
Jin Lifu walked up to Chen Ping and said to him!
“Jin Lifu, Mr. Chen has just awakened and is not fit to fight.
Ge Cang Sheng said to Jin Li Fu.
“That’s good, with your words, I’m relieved ……”
Jin Lifu left with a smug look on his face!
“Elder Ge, or else …………”
Chen Ping wanted to try his hand, he couldn’t just watch the resources being given away!
“The only thing that matters is your body, Mr. Chen.
Ge Cang Sheng said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded, now that the demon beasts in the Demon Mountain Range were under Chen Ping’s control, it would be fine to get the Ge family some animal pills!
“Chen Ping, when the Secret Realm Conference is over, I’ll take you to our Thunder Sect Secret Realm for a look around.
Han Qing’er extended an invitation to Chen Ping!
After all, he had approached Han Qing’er so that he could go to the Purple Sky Mansion and investigate his mother!
However, it was not the right time yet, as Chen Ping had to return to the secular world after the Secret World Conference.
He still has a map of the relics in his hand. If he can find the relics successfully, Chen Ping’s strength can be enhanced again.
If he could find the relics successfully, Chen Ping’s strength could be improved again. Only if his strength was stronger, Chen Ping would be able to navigate through the eight mysterious realms, but even if he went to the Purple Sky Mansion and found out his mother’s whereabouts, with his current strength, there was no way he could take her away.
“I have to go back to the secular world after the Secret Realm Conference, I have some unfinished business to attend to. ……”
Chen Ping politely declined Han Qing’er’s invitation!
“Okay, but when you’re done, make sure you come to me, I’ll tell you the entrance address and the secret of the Thunder Gate Secret Realm ……”
Han Qing’er came up to Chen Ping’s ear and then told him the entrance address and the pa*sword of the Thunder Gate Secret Realm!
The address of the entrance to the secret realm and the secret pa*sword are very important for a secret realm, and now Han Qing’er has told Chen Ping, so it can be seen that she is very fond of Chen Ping!
When Lu Fang saw Han Qing’er talking and laughing with Chen Ping, he was so angry that his face turned green!
With Yao Shenghui’s final victory, the Secret Tournament was over, and Yao Shenghui was still the top of the ranking!
But Chen Ping was a dark horse. If Chen Ping had not been injured and had fought against Yao Shenghui, it would have been uncertain who would have died in the end.
Chen Ping’s realm was not high, but the treasures he had on his body were indeed obvious to everyone, especially the dragon bell, which directly trapped the demonised Feng Wuxian inside, unable to move, and was finally shattered into mush!
If Yao Shenghui had been trapped inside the Dragon Tattoo Bell, the result would have been the same.
“Master Yu, the duel is over, I think it’s time to announce the end of our Secret Tournament. ……”
Yao Qisheng said to Yu Qian!
Yu Qian nodded, stood on the high platform, took a glance at the crowd, and then was about to announce the end of the meeting!
But before Yu Qian could even open his mouth, the whole earth suddenly began to tremble, followed by countless amounts of spiritual energy gushing out of the ground, and then forming a huge black vortex in mid-air!
Within the vortex, stars shone and turbulent currents flew, as streams of pure spiritual energy continued to emerge from the vortex.
Everyone was shocked to feel the pure spiritual energy!
“This …… is a new secret realm opening up ……”
Ge Cang Sheng looked at the whirlpool in mid-air and said with a face full of excitement.