“Patriarch Jiang, prepare some Immortal Herbs, I will help these people refine some pills, their bodies will recover very quickly, but it will still take some time to completely eliminate their heart demons!”
Chen Ping said to Patriarch Jiang!
These cultivators didn’t know how long they had been tortured here, they had long since developed heart demons, I’m afraid that they would wake up with fear even in their dreams, so it would take time to eliminate their heart demons!
“Good, I’ll arrange it down here!”
Patriarch Jiang nodded!
Just as the dozen or so cultivators followed Patriarch Jiang and prepared to go to rest, Chen Ping’s gaze suddenly landed on a female cultivator!
This female cultivator looked very young, only that her entire body was also radiant with little essence!
The female cultivator only had the strength of the peak of the Harmonisation Realm, which wasn’t too weak when all was said and done!
After all, there is no clan to rely on, if you only rely on your own cultivation, a female cultivator to be able to cultivate to this kind of realm is also not easy!
The reason why Chen Ping noticed this female cultivator was because she had a scented pouch on her waist with a Zhu character embroidered on it!
This reminded Chen Ping of what Xiao Feng had explained to him, asking him to help find the girl he fell in love with, Ah Zhu!
“Wait a moment ……”
Chen Ping shouted towards the female cultivator!
Hearing Chen Ping call out to himself, the female cultivator’s body trembled slightly, and fear was revealed in her eyes!
While beside that female cultivator, an old man shielded that female cultivator behind him and looked towards Chen Ping and asked, “Fellow Daoist, what is your business?”
“Old man, I would like to ask this fellow Daoist, is she the A Zhu girl from the Western Region?”
Chen Ping asked directly!
“She is not the Ah Zhu girl of the Western Region, you have mistaken …… her.”
The old man shook his head and said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately revealed an apology and said, “I am sorry, it was me who took the liberty ……”
Chen Ping also did not know that what Azhu, just saw that scented capsule, so wanted to ask, since it is not, then forget it!
And that female cultivator behind the old man, opened her mouth, seemed to want to say something, but in the end did not say anything!
These people were taken to rest by Patriarch Jiang!
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master, on the other hand, walked over to Chen Ping and said, “Mr Chen, do you know that girl?”
“No!”Chen Ping shook his head!
“Then why are you suddenly asking about some Western Region Azhu? Mr Chen wouldn’t want to double-cultivate, would he?”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master looked at Chen Ping with a few moments of jealousy on her face!
Although the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master had no way to follow Chen Ping in dual cultivation because of her status, she had long since had her heart set on Chen Ping!
After finding a successor, she would not hesitate to throw herself into Chen Ping’s arms!
“Which is not true, it’s just that the prince of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty in the Western Region has entrusted me to find a girl called Ah Zhu.”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained, then digressed and said, “Have you found the Immortal Bone? That being said, the Blood and Bone Sect isn’t exactly a small sect anymore, there should be secret chambers and the like!”
“The Immortal Bone has not been found yet, but the secret room of this Blood and Bone Sect has been found, it is in the middle of this Bone Mountain, and it should be the place for closed-door cultivation.”
“Inside the secret room there is a huge furnace tripod, and I don’t know what it’s for ……”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said!
“Let’s go, let’s go take a look ……”
Chen Ping followed the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master while leaping up!
The two of them followed a dark passageway of the Bone Mountain and entered inside, there was a large space within this Bone Mountain, and at a glance, it was clear that it was a place for closed-door cultivation!
In the middle of the room, there was a censer with a lot of mottled red on it, covering up the colour of the censer itself!
The reason why this cauldron became red was that it was stained by countless blood, and after many years it became like this!
The furnace cauldron was covered by a huge copper lid, and it was impossible to see what was inside!
“I didn’t dare to open it, I don’t know what evil things could be here ……”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master said!