“Do you sweat black every time the poison kicks in?”
Chen Ping asked!
Sun Xiaoyun nodded “Yes, every time you shed a stream of black sweat you will come to your senses ……”
“The poison in your body now has to be discharged as soon as possible, otherwise the next time you won’t be losing your mind, but could lose your life!”
Chen Ping said with a grave face! . .
The poison in Sun Xiaoyun’s body had become even worse than Chen Ping had imagined!
“What then?” Sun Xiaoyun panicked!
“You don’t need to be nervous, now all listen to me, I’ll administer the needle to you, just use the silver needle to force the poison out of your body.”
Chen Ping said, took out a packet of silver needles from his body, then said “Take off your clothes ……”
“Take off your clothes?” Sun Xiaoyun froze!
“Take off your clothes, how can I administer the needles if I don’t take off my clothes!”
Chen Ping said coldly!
“Do you …… you know how to heal or not? I think you are trying to be a hooligan, right?”
Sun Xiaoyun looked at Chen Ping warily!
“Now I’m the pharmacist and you’re the patient, you’re nothing but a pile of organs in my eyes, hurry up and take it off, if it’s a little later, I’m afraid I won’t have a chance.”
Chen Ping urged at Sun Xiao Yun!
“Bah, you don’t talk to me about this, you are just a big pervert, the moment you come up here, you let me take off my clothes, you don’t need to scare me, I know all about that little bit of your mind.”
“I’ll go to my dad, I must tell him that you are a big colourful wolf ……”
Sun Xiaoyun said, about to walk out of the bedroom!
Seeing this, Chen Ping reached out and stopped Sun Xiaoyun “You can’t go out, take off your clothes right now or it will be too late.”
Chen Ping said with a grave expression!
“I won’t take it off, I won’t take it off even if I die ……” Sun Xiaoyun gripped her clothes tightly with both hands!
“Since you won’t take it off, then don’t blame me.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and reached out to tear Sun Xiaoyun’s clothes!
Sun Xiaoyun desperately resisted, and the two fought again, but Sun Xiaoyun’s stamina was a little weak, and she soon lost the upper hand!
The clothes on her body were also torn to pieces by Chen Ping, and she could not cover her body!
“Big pervert, big bast*rd, I’m going to kill you ……”
Sun Xiaoyun cried, then punched and kicked at Chen Ping!
However, Chen Ping’s face was expressionless, and directly reached out and grabbed the only bit of clothing left on Sun Xiaoyun’s body, and withdrew them all with a stabbing sound!
This time, Sun Xiaoyun froze, the hallowed princess of a city, was now being bullied, being stripped naked, and still in her own home!
Sun Xiao Yun was so aggrieved that she couldn’t stop her tears from flowing out!
Chen Ping still ignored her, took the silver needle and began to stab down on Sun Xiao Yun’s body!
At this time, Sun Xiaoyun was physically exhausted and was not able to resist at all!
She could only let Chen Ping grope around her body, whenever Chen Ping touched a place and stopped, he would stick a silver needle!
In the end, Sun Xiao Yun’s body was almost touched all over by Chen Ping!
After the silver needles were all inserted into her body, Sun Xiaoyun felt that her body was much lighter, and the oppressive feeling in her mind disappeared instantly!
And on each silver needle, black blood began to seep out continuously!
At this time, Sun Xiaoyun knew that Chen Ping was really detoxifying herself, but as a princess, Sun Xiaoyun was still furious inside after being touched by Chen Ping!
She was innocent, and now she was touched by Chen Ping, a big man, and even the most important place was not spared, how could she still live?
She might as well be poisoned to death, but the feeling of being molested by someone else is also very unpleasant!
A lot of toxins were discharged from the body, Sun Xiaoyun’s strength also recovered a lot, she could move, so she looked for a piece of clothing and wanted to drape it over her body, she couldn’t be watched by Chen Ping all the time!
“Don’t move, don’t put on clothes either, just stand quietly like this ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly stopped Sun Xiaoyun!