The powerful light constantly flickered in the dark clouds, as if ten thousand snakes were dancing in a group, and the calm sea seemed to be attracted to it, and a huge wave rolled up at once!
The giant waves rolled over as if it was a tsunami, the impacted spirit boat swayed in all directions, and the crowd was shaking, making it difficult to stand!
Amidst the waves on the sea surface, densely packed demonic beasts appeared, these demonic beasts also seemed to be frightened, leaping out of the water from the bottom of the sea, and then desperately breaking the waves to move forward!
A flying demonic beast also chirped and flew off into the distance, but it was struck by a lightning bolt and instantly landed on top of the sea surface!
The entire surface of the sea wasn’t long before it was covered with the corpses of demonic beasts, the scene was terrifying to the extreme!
When the crowd saw this scene, they were directly stunned!
This streak of thunder was comparable to that of a cultivator’s tribulation, each one of them was terrifying to the extreme, even causing turmoil in the heavens and earth!
“Gu Tianzhao, immediately lead the people to set up a defence spell formation, and fix the spirit formation of the spirit boat immediately as well!”
Chen Ping looked at the terrifying storm and said with a slight frown.
Gu Tianzhao received the order and immediately led the disciples of the Two Yi Sect, each of them chanting in a low voice and spreading out light from their palms.
These rays of light gathered in one place and then formed a shield that wrapped the entire spirit boat!
The spirit boat, which was originally tilting around, instantly calmed down, and the hearts of the crowd also settled down quite a bit!
The spirit boat’s spirit formation was also repaired, and with the urging of the spirit power, the spirit boat travelled once again!
Because of the protection of the formation, the spirit boat ran very smoothly.
The many pharmacists slowly stopped being afraid and all ran to the front of the boat, looking at the terrifying scene outside!
Many demonic beasts fled in panic, only to be killed by the lightning blasts!
“President Su, those guys don’t seem to be afraid of this storm, their spirit boats are protected by formations.”
Bao Longxing hurriedly said when he saw Chen Ping and their spirit boat, surrounded by flickering light, travelling forward without any hindrance!
Su Tianshuo also discovered it, so he frowned and said, “Damn, I forgot that they had people from the Two Yi Sect following them, these guys are all formation experts.”
“This time, it’s going to be troublesome, this little storm is afraid that it won’t be able to stop them at all, let alone strangle them.”
“President Su, Pao family head, you don’t need to be anxious, now is just an appetiser, the real storm hasn’t come yet.”
Feng Xing said confidently!
“There’s a more powerful storm? That’s really great ……”
When Su Tianshuo heard this, he was instantly happy!
Their spirit boat, at the edge of the storm, was not affected at all, and proudly watched Chen Ping and the others struggle in the storm!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, there was a loud sound, and the entire sea seemed to shake!
Above the firmament, a thunderbolt fell like rain, and the waves on the sea formed a huge whirlpool that kept churning.
A tornado swept through the sea, following the dark clouds connected in mid-air!
Within the gale, a wind blade continuously impacted the Spirit Boat’s defence formation!
The void was torn apart by the storm, a crack emanating a cold and eerie aura, countless wind blades, in conjunction with a void crack, devouring everything!
Chen Ping’s spirit boat, their spirit boat, was like a tiny leaf, weaving in and out of the raging wind and waves.
Feeling the violent winds and waves, as well as the countless thunderbolts that struck that defensive formation, all the pill masters became grave, each one of them with a pale face and cold sweat on their foreheads!
Because they felt that this Spirit Boat, at any moment, could be overturned, while they were torn apart by this storm!
Chen Ping’s face was devoid of the slightest expression at this moment, his eyes gazing deathly at one of the largest storms!
The defensive formation that Gu Tianzhao and the others had put together was still able to withstand these small storms, but in the middle of these storms, a storm with a diameter of tens of miles was slowly forming, and this was the most deadly of all.