Ah …………
King Li erupted into a roar, directly lifting up a 10,000 tonne boulder, wanting to rely on it to block that arrow of light!
Boom!
With an explosive sound, the light arrow shot on top of that ten thousand tonne boulder, setting off a shocking explosion!
The 10,000 tonne boulder instantly turned into powder, endless flames fell down like a rain of fire, and the hair on the Knight King’s body began to burn!
And at the feet of the Knight King, countless generals of the Ming Knight King City perished under this rain of fire!
King Li was burnt by the flames and wailed in pain!
The entire person fell to the ground and kept rolling over before barely extinguishing the flames on his body!
The fire on King Li was extinguished, but the generals under him were miserable!
His mountainous body, fell straight to the ground and rolled around, I don’t know how many of his generals were crushed to death!
But where would the current Knight King care about that much, it was important for him to save his life!
Chen Ping being a Golden Dragon True Body had already exceeded his expectations, and now Chen Ping was even able to pull the Divine King’s Bow, it was simply too outrageous, the Knight King did not expect it at all!
Extinguishing the flames on his body, the Knight King struggled to get up and prepared to flee again!
However, the God King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand was once again pulled, and this time, three arrows of light directly appeared on the God King Bow, and endless rays of light flowed on the God King Bow!
It was as if the light of the entire heaven and earth had been absorbed by the Divine King Bow to form these three arrows of light!
Seeing the Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand, three arrows of light appeared all at once, the Knight King became even more flustered and kept taking steps to run forward!
With every step taken, the ground shook and the sky collapsed!
Those Ming Li King City generals who followed the King of Li, this time they were considered to have suffered, and many of those who couldn’t dodge in time were trampled into mush by the King of Li!
Swish Swish Swish …………
Chen Ping’s fingers loosened, and three light arrows instantly shot out, only that not all of the three light arrows ran towards the King of Li!
One light arrow was heading towards King Li, one light arrow was heading straight towards Elder Qi, and the remaining light arrow was pointing towards Li Xing!
As long as these three people died, the Ming Li King City’s army would be leaderless and completely collapsed!
“Dad, save me, save me …………”
Seeing an arrow of light heading straight for him, Li Xing shouted miserably!
Seeing this, Elder Qi also threw Li Xing away, and his entire body leapt up, quickly flashing his body, wanting to dodge the strike!
However, the light arrow was like it had eyes, no matter how that Elder Qi dodged, he simply couldn’t dodge it!
Only to see a ray of light piercing through Elder Qi’s chest, ten thousand golden lights emanated from within Elder Qi’s body!
Boom …………
Elder Qi’s body directly exploded, turning into a shower of blood that fell without even a corpse!
Seeing this scene, Li Xing’s legs went weak with fear and he fell to the ground, constantly calling out for King Li to save himself!
But King Li was unable to protect himself, where was he able to save Li Xing!
In Li Xing’s terrified eyes, he watched as he was penetrated by the light arrow, and was immediately turned into mush by ten thousand golden lights!
Seeing his son die, the King of Li was incomparably furious inside, his roar of rage was constant, but he didn’t have anyone to do anything about it, he could only desperately fend off Chen Ping’s attacks!
“God King’s Bow, worthy of being a divine weapon, no wonder so many people are fighting for their lives for the God King’s Bow, it’s really powerful!”
Yi He looked at the power of the God King’s Bow and couldn’t help but exclaim!
At this moment, the Knight King, who had been pierced through his thigh by an arrow, had dropped to the ground as a whole!
The vision behind him had also disappeared, and his huge body, then retracted at an extremely fast speed!
Soon, the Knight King turned into a normal human size, while Chen Ping was holding the Divine King Bow as he slowly walked in front of the Knight King!
Chen Ping was currently wearing an Unbreakable Golden Body and holding the Divine King Bow!
The entire person was like a golden armoured god of war, majestic and incomparable!
Chen Ping looked down at the King of Li, who was now like a defeated rooster, his hostility long gone!
Without much ado, the Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand flashed with light, and an arrow of light was shot out, heading straight for the Li King’s forehead!
The light arrow passed through King Li’s forehead, killing him instantly!