Lv factory was a little surprised to look at that devil amba*sador, he didn’t understand how this guy in front of him knew that he was the young master of Ruined Moon Fort, and also knew his father!
And at the moment he heard the three words of Ruined Moon Fort, Hong Qianjiu’s expression was just stunned as he hurriedly stepped forward towards Lv Factory and saluted, “Hong Qianjiu of the Hong Family, meet Young Master Lv ……”
Lv factory slightly froze, looked at Hong Qianjiu, frowned slightly and said, “You are?”
“Back to Young Master Lu, our Hong Family is the endorsing family of the Violet Sky Mansion, I heard the lord of the Mansion say that the Violet Sky Mansion and the Ruined Moon Fort are worldly friends, and instructed us that when we see someone from the Ruined Moon Fort, we must treat them with courtesy!”
Hong Qianjiu explained!
When Plant Lu heard this, he realized that this Hong Qianjiu was the spokesperson family of the Violet Sky Mansion.
“In that case, that would be great, you and I joining forces, it’s not like we can’t have a battle ……”
Factory Lu said with a happy face!
If that was the case, they wouldn’t necessarily lose when they added Hong Qianjiu and these people to deal with Ning Zhi and the others!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, who was at the side, his face instantly became ugly when he heard the three words Purple Sky Mansion!
Because he knew that his own mother had been imprisoned in the Purple Sky Mansion, but what Chen Ping didn’t know was that after Long Ruotong had entered the Purple Sky Mansion, she was treated very well every day, and she didn’t know how many times better than when she was in the Dragon Family!
Seeing that look on Chen Ping’s face, Long Xingxu knew the reason for it and gently pulled down Chen Ping’s sleeve!
He was afraid that Chen Ping would be impulsive, in this situation now, no matter which party Chen Ping struck out against, it would be most detrimental.
Hong Qianjiu had no idea of Chen Ping’s grudge following the Purple Sky Mansion, so he turned his head to look at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, now that things have come to this, why don’t we join forces and deal with these guys from the Martial Alliance together, I know you also have an unbreakable grudge with them!”
“It seems that your girlfriend is still in their hands, right? Don’t you want to take revenge for your girlfriend?”
Hong Qianjiu wanted to pull in Chen Ping, as long as he followed Chen Ping in the union, there were so many of them, in addition to the fact that Lv Factory was also a Martial Saint as well, if they really had to fight, it was estimated that Ning Zhi and the others would not have much of an advantage.
“Good, I promise you, we join forces ……”
Although Chen Ping had animosity towards the Violet Sky Mansion, he was still sensible now, only by following Hong Qianjiu’s cooperation would he have a chance of destroying that divine altar!
“Hmph, Chen Ping, don’t think that if you join forces, you’ll have the strength to fight me ……”
Ning Zhi snorted coldly.
“Cut the crap and make your move ……”
Factory Lu knew that he couldn’t delay for too long, after all, all of them were merely united together for their own interests.
If it took too long, there was a good chance they would fall apart!
Now the only way to fight was to fight together, and these people would have no choice but to fight for their lives!
Having said that, Lui Factory went straight for a black and gold robe, being a fellow Martial Saint, Lui Factory did not fear his opponent in the slightest!
Along with Lui Factory making his move, his hasty entourage also struck, while Hong Qianjiu led his men to swarm!
“Grandmaster Hu, Brother Jiang, you should also make your move ……”
Chen Ping nodded towards the two men, who then joined in the fray!
And Chen Ping was staring at the divine altar with a deadly gaze, looking for an opportunity to destroy that divine altar!
Only that demon envoy stood before the divine altar, motionless and indifferent in the face of Ning Zhi and the four black and gold robes being besieged!
He only guarded the divine altar to prevent anyone from approaching!
At that moment, the entire ruins were shaken and rocks were flying, but at this time, none of them dared to explode with their full strength, for if such a loud battle were to collapse the entire ruins, none of them would be able to escape!
But even though they had all restrained themselves, cracks were beginning to appear throughout the ruins, and rocks were falling!
“Ge Clan Master, Long Xingxu, you guys take your people and leave quickly, this place is going to collapse ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly urged them to bring their people out of here!