Looking at the changes in Bai Shallow’s body, Luo Xi also settled down a lot, so he said “Rumour has it that you are a demoness, specialising in sucking the essence of men to cultivate, but also ruthless, see people to kill, but also eat children ……”
Originally a smile on the face of Bai Shallow, in hearing the three words eat children, suddenly face became hideous!
When Luo Xi saw this, his heart tightened and cold sweat instantly broke out on his forehead!
“Damn, these bast*rds, it’s not even a problem if they pass on that I sleep with men, but they even pass on that I eat children?”
“My old lady loves children the most, how could she eat a child, these old guys, their strength was caught up by me, a woman, and they feel that they have no face, so they give me rumours all around.”
“I’m going to find out who rumoured that I eat children, I’ll have to skin him.”
Bai Shao’s eyes widened angrily, and she looked like she wanted to kill someone!
After a while, the anger in Bai Shao’s body disappeared, and once again changed into a smiling face and said “Little witch, then do you see me like the rumours?”
Luo Xi shook her head “Not like ……”
“Hahaha, you girl is still too simple, just because I smile at you, do you think I’m not that kind of person?”
“I really don’t know, you are so simple, how did your father dare to leave you here by yourself, there are no rules to speak of in this God and Demon Battlefield, when you run into a bad guy, with this amount of strength you have, isn’t that a lamb to be slaughtered?”
“What are you doing in this cave by yourself? Why don’t you follow your father?”
Bai Shao asked!
“I …… I …… am waiting for my father and them, they went treasure hunting, my strength is too low, so I am waiting for them here, they should be back soon.”
Luo Xi said while her eyes subconsciously always peeked towards the cave!
Bai Shao could tell at a glance that Luo Xi was lying, so she smiled and asked “What’s inside the cave? Is there a treasure you found?”
“No, there’s nothing ……”
Luo Xi hurriedly shook her head and said!
Bai Shallow didn’t believe it and walked towards the cave, while Luo Xi rushed to stop that Bai Shallow!
Seeing this, Bai Shallow was even more convinced that there was something inside the cave, so she said “Do you think you can stop me?”
After saying that, Bai Shallow waved her hand and a force directly pushed Luo Xi aside!
Bai Shao walked into the cave and saw Chen Ping lying on the ground!
“I didn’t think that you would be meeting handsome men in private at such a young age, no wonder you are so nervous, is this man your boyfriend?”
Bai Shao said, then sized up Chen Ping!
“No, he is not my boyfriend, we are just ordinary friends, Mr Chen was injured, I brought him here.”
Luo Xi hurriedly explained!
“Injured?” Bai Shao said, squatting down to check for Chen Ping!
Bai Shallow reached out towards Chen Ping’s chest, which startled Luo Xi and directly slapped her palm down towards Bai Shallow!
“No one is allowed to touch Mr Chen, as long as I am still alive, I will never let you touch him ……”
Luo Xi roared, Chen Ping had saved her life, of course Luo Xi couldn’t watch Chen Ping being victimised!
“You little witch, what are you nervous about, I’m just helping him check his injuries.”
Bai Shandu didn’t even turn around, gently waving her hand casually, a surge of breath blew Luo Xi to the side!
Luo Xi was trying to move, but realised that he was being deathly suppressed by a force, and couldn’t move at all!
Bai Shao reached out and gently pressed her hand on Chen Ping’s chest!
That snow-white delicate palm followed Chen Ping’s bronze-coloured chest, creating a very exciting visual impact!
However, just as that Bai Shallow put a breath into Chen Ping’s body, suddenly a white light flashed across Chen Ping’s chest, and it was as if Bai Shallow’s body was pushed backwards by a strong force!
Bai Shallow retreated several steps in a row before stopping, and then looked at Chen Ping with a face full of shock!