“If I let you go and lure that Chen Ping here, how much certainty do you have?”
Qiu Tu asked!
Qiu Tintu intended to let the youngest sister’s brother go to find Chen Ping, then lure Chen Ping here to this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, and finally catch Chen Ping in one fell swoop!
The revenge of killing his brother was something that could not go unrewarded!
Although the last time Qiu Tu lost, but this time he is very confident, because Qiu Tu this time to the Luan Master also brought!
This Master Luan was a master of formations, and with the two of them joining forces, it was definitely more than enough to deal with Chen Ping!
“Mr. Qiu, there is no need to lure that Chen Ping, the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein is now in our hands, are we still afraid that Chen Ping won’t come?”
“Our priority is to mine the Immortal Spirit Stones first, then make preparations, as long as that Chen Ping comes, we can just capture him directly!”
At this time, Qian Yue spoke up!
Once Qiu Tu heard this, he nodded his head and said, “You’re right, this guy will definitely come back here to take a look, we just need to be prepared.”
“Master Luan, please also help out and lay down formations around this vein, as long as that Chen Ping comes back, we must trap him before he can do so.”
“Don’t worry, Your Excellency, no one will be able to escape from the spell formation that I have laid down!”Master Luan said confidently!
“Duke Qiu, that Chen Ping is also a formation master and knows the art of formations as well.”
Qian Yue reminded Qiu Tu!
“Hmph, even if he knows the art of formations, could he still be better than me?”
Upon hearing this, Master Luan coldly snorted in displeasure!
Seeing this, Qian Yue was so scared that he didn’t dare to speak anymore, after all, he didn’t know what this Master Luan’s status position was in the Qiu Mansion!
He himself had only just joined the Qiu Mansion, it was better not to offend anyone!
“Master Luan is a senior formation master, in fact others can compare.”
“Just bring someone to mine the Immortal Spirit Stones right away, don’t worry about anything else!”
Qiu Tu said to Qian Yue!
“Understood!”Qian Yue nodded!
Master Luan began to set up the formations, while Qian Yue brought Brother Missy and some of the cultivators from the Qiu Mansion to mine the Immortal Spirit Stones!
As for the youngest sister and Xiong Guo’s siblings, they were all temporarily imprisoned!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was cultivating behind closed doors in the Xing Mansion!
He had a lot of resources on him, especially the hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, as well as the Immortal Spirit Stones in Luo Ta’s storage bag!
This allowed Chen Ping to cultivate with ease, and the Heart Condensation Technique flew by, allowing Chen Ping’s strength to continuously increase!
As long as Chen Ping had enough resources, raising his realm cultivation was still quick!
A few days later on an early morning, the Xing Mansion was quiet, and the sunlight dappled through the clouds and sprinkled in the courtyard.
Chen Ping sat cross-legged in a quiet room, a faint fluctuation of spiritual energy surrounded his body, his breathing was long and deep, as if it resonated with the spiritual energy of the heavens and earth.
As the spiritual energy surged within him, a powerful force converged within him, impacting his existing cultivation barriers.
Chen Ping’s face sometimes showed a look of pain, and sometimes revealed perseverance and indomitability; clearly, he was experiencing the critical moment of breaking through the Mahayana Realm.
Suddenly, the light within the quiet room blossomed as an unprecedented storm of spiritual energy erupted from within Chen Ping’s body, illuminating the entire room.
In an instant, the sky of the entire Beast City was shrouded in black, dark clouds as a thunderbolt began to flicker!
This sudden change left the many cultivators in Beast City dumbfounded, thinking that it was the end of the world!
“Holy shit, what’s going on here? Such a terrifying thunder tribulation, could it be that someone has broken through to the Immortalization Realm?”
“It’s been a long time since I’ve seen such a terrifying thunderbolt, when I first saw this kind of thunderbolt, it was when the City Lord broke through the Immortalization Realm.”
“Could it be that in Beast City, another strong Fulfillment Immortal Realm practitioner has appeared?”
All the cultivators tilted their heads up and looked at the thunder tribulation as thick as a bucket flashing in the dark clouds in the sky!