Ning Zhi looked at the broken dagger and his whole body was in a state of panic.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, reached out and slapped Ning Zhi on the face.
Slap!
There was a crisp sound, and Ning Zhi’s body spun several times in mid-air, before finally landing heavily on the ground.
The force of Chen Ping’s slap was so great that he had let out almost all of his anger.
Half of Ning Zhi’s face was a bloody mess, with white bones exposed, which was very horrible to see.
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping angrily, gritting his teeth to death, his eyes full of anger and killing intent.
Although he knew that his strength was no match for Chen Ping, he would never bow down.
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopping Sword and picked his sword towards Ning Zhi.
Feeling the terrifying sword Qi, Ning Zhi knew that he would not be able to escape today, so he closed his eyes.
Swish!
The sword Qi slashed through, but Ning Zhi did not die, only the intense pain in his leg caused Ning Zhi to wail loudly.
He only saw blood flowing from Ning Zhi’s leg, and his hamstring had been directly picked off.
“Did you think I would let you die so painfully?”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi coldly, his entire person was like a hellish demon.
“Chen Ping, kill me if you have the guts, or I will never spare you ……”
Ning Zhi hissed, he was begging for death now, he didn’t want to be fooled by Chen Ping like this!
Chen Ping slowly squatted down, surprisingly reaching his hand directly to the wound on Ning Zhi’s leg, followed by a fierce force.
A white hamstring with blood on it was pulled out by Chen Ping.
“Ah …………”
Ning Zhi was dying of pain, his face pale and his head covered in a great sweat.
At this moment, Ning Zhi was in so much pain that he almost did not pa*s out.
Only Chen Ping pressed down on Ning Zhi, and a spiritual qi struck into Ning Zhi’s body, making it impossible for him to faint.
Chen Ping took Ning Zhi’s hamstring and followed up with this hamstring, fiercely thrashing it on Ning Zhi’s body.
With each blow, the skin opened up and the flesh split.
Ning Zhi screamed miserably, and there was panic in his eyes as he looked at Chen Ping.
He had not expected that Chen Ping would be so ruthless, simply a devil.
“Chen Ping, you kill me, please kill me ……”
Ning Zhi screamed miserably and began to soften his tone.
All he wanted now was for Chen Ping to kill himself.
“You want to die, it’s not that easy, nearly a hundred people in the Valley of the Wicked, I want to avenge them.”
“The four villains, leaving you hanging like a dead dog, did you think about yourself today then?”
Chen Ping finished and viciously smacked down again.
“Eldest Young Master ……”
One of the Ning Family’s experts saw Ning Zhi in this state and rushed over.
Both palms rolled over, and energy whistled!
“Humph!” Chen Ping snorted coldly.
In his hand, he waved at the Chopping Dragon Sword, and a fire light shot out.
It struck directly at the body of that Ning Family expert.
The flames instantly engulfed that Ning Family expert.
A miserable scream rang out as Ning Zhi watched his own men, burned to ashes.
Chen Ping had tortured Ning Zhi for half an hour, and at this moment, Ning Zhi only had one breath left to breathe.
He couldn’t even look human anymore.
Those experts of the Ning Family were also almost slaughtered, and the battle was nearing its end.
“Go to hell ……”
Looking at Ning Zhi, who was already dying, Chen Ping raised his Dragon Chopper Sword high!
He didn’t have the heart to be playing after Ning Zhi.
But just as Chen Ping’s sword was about to swing down, he saw a human figure flash.
“Stop it all! ……”
A voice containing countless amounts of true qi caused everyone’s eardrums to shake.
All of them involuntarily stopped their hands, and Chen Ping’s raised Zenglong Sword did not fall down.
“Mr. Shi ……”
After seeing the visitor, Dong Liqun hurriedly shouted respectfully.
“Simply unbridled, treating my words like a deaf ear?”
Mr. Shi looked at Chen Ping angrily.
Chen Ping’s heart actually began to tremble slightly when he was looked at by Mr. Shi like this.
Especially the aura on Mr. Shi’s body was gut-wrenching.