When Ge Fuhai heard this, a look of surprise flashed in his eyes, “You’re Long Ruotong’s child?”
Chen Ping looked at Ge Fuhai with that look and nodded, “Yes, I heard Uncle Long say that my mother’s name is Long Ruotong ……”
“No wonder, no wonder ……”
Ge Fuhai had a look of dawning realization, as if he understood something!
“Clan Master Ge, could it be that you know about my mother?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly asked.
“I know some, but I don’t know your father’s identity, back then, many people knew about your mother’s matter, and the Purple Sky House was so enraged by it that it almost extinguished the Long Family ……”
Ge Fuhai said calmly.
Chen Ping saw Ge Fuhai talking about this Purple Sky Mansion again, so he asked, “Master Ge, can you tell me about this Purple Sky Mansion?”
Ge Fuhai gave Chen Ping a look, “It seems that you don’t know anything about the immortal cultivation world?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “Don’t know anything about it at all ……”
Ge Fuhai looked at Chen Ping with some surprise and did not say anything else, but forgot a glance outwards, then raised his hand and waved.
Instantly a secret space appeared, and the two of them, Chen Ping and Ge Fuhai, seemed to be instantly transferred to some other place!
Just like that Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map that Chen Ping had obtained, it was able to instantly transfer to other places.
But with the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, it was only a divine sense transfer, but the real body did not move at all!
And this secret space spell that Ge Fuhai had casually cast allowed Chen Ping to truly feel that he had indeed arrived in another space!
Chen Ping looked at Ge Fuhai in astonishment, he did not expect anyone to be able to control a spatial technique so easily!
If one possessed such a spatial spell, then one could easily escape and never need any spatial magic weapon like the Qiankun Circle again.
Seeing Chen Ping’s shocked look, Ge Fuhai only smiled lightly, “I can now tell you about the secrets of the Immortal Cultivation World ……”
“Actually, our Ge family is the immortal cultivation clan lineage left behind thousands of years ago, because of the depletion of spiritual energy, many immortal cultivation clan lineages have slowly fallen into despair, some have gone to other air realms, while some have stayed in seclusion!”
“These reclusive clans left behind are stronger than you can imagine, these talented sons of the martial world, clan lineages, in the eyes of the immortal cultivation clans, are not even in the cla*s ……”
“Only with the depletion of spiritual qi and the rampant martial dao, the cultivation of immortal clans and families can only choose to recede into obscurity, not to meddle in world affairs, and not to follow the martial dao world into conflict, after all, every consumption, in this era of spiritual qi scarcity, takes a lot of time to make up for.”
“Many of the great immortal cultivators have also slowly fallen away with the changing times, completely disappearing into the long river of time.”
Chen Ping frowned slightly and said, “Then you are an immortal cultivator, Lord Ge, is your Ge family also a hidden clan? And I have also encountered other immortal cultivators, how can this be explained?”
Before Chen Ping met Ge Fuhai, he had met Du Da and Hu Ma Zi, both of whom were veritable immortal cultivators!
Moreover, that Du Da had even reached the YuanYing realm, and his strength was definitely considered to be superior.
“What’s so bad about that explanation!”
Ge Fuhai smiled lightly, “Many clans and families that cultivate immortality are secluded, but they will also have spokespeople left in society, for example, our Ge family, is the spokesperson of the first clan left in society, from my grandfather’s generation, we have integrated into society and developed normally!”
“However, we have an ancestral motto that we must not follow the martial arts community in any involvement or dispute, which is why our Ge family has been uncontested with the world for so many years.”
“There are also some scattered cultivators who do not want to return to seclusion, but will also integrate into society, or find a remote place, a place with abundant spiritual energy, and continue to cultivate!”
“But these scattered cultivators, no matter how they cultivate, cannot ascend into immortality ……”