“I’m not going to hide it from Pavilion Master Zhao, I was planning to make a trip to the southwest to meet that Xuan Yue Valley, and if it weren’t for the delay due to Qin Feng’s matter, I might have arrived in the southwest by now!” Chen Ping said truthfully.
As soon as Zhao Wuji heard this, his heart burst with joy, “That’s just right, when I return, I will immediately arrange for my men to come to Jiangbei to find Mr. Chen, and then go to the southwest together, with Mr. Chen following, I can still feel a bit more at ease!”
“Mm!” Chen Ping nodded, if the people from the Dharma Protection Pavilion didn’t go anyway, he would go himself, so it would be better to do a favor!
After Zhao Wuji and the others left, Lin Tianhu was a little indignant and said, “Mr. Chen, it’s really cheap for that kid, he should be taught a lesson!”
“It’s alright, you guys go practice!” Chen Ping smiled indifferently!
Only after Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix had also left did Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er run down from upstairs!
“Chen Ping, are these people here to arrest you?”
Su Yuqi asked as she looked at Chen Ping with some worry.
Chen Ping shook his head and smiled lightly, “No, don’t worry about it!”
“Chen Ping, that Qin Feng was killed by me, if the people from the Dharma Protection Pavilion want to arrest you, I will explain to them, I will never let you take the blame for me!”
Gu Ling’er said with a determined face!
“Alright, don’t think nonsense, I’ve already said it wasn’t, besides, that Qin Feng deserved to die, so if you killed him, you killed him!”
Chen Ping laughed, and then continued, “What about the things you guys bought while shopping? Let me admire and enjoy ……”
“What are you admiring? The leopard print lingerie that Ling’er bought, do you want to admire it? You’ve seen it all anyway, you don’t care to see it again!”
Su Yuqi said with a playful look at Chen Ping!
“Yu Qi, what are you talking about!” Gu Ling’er’s face turned red!
“Cough cough ……” Chen Ping coughed twice and shook his head repeatedly, “No more watching, I have to go teach Lin Tianhu and the others to practice …… ”
Chen Ping ran out in a panic, a woman’s heart is a needle under the sea, Chen Ping really doesn’t know what this woman has in mind!
Because know the Qin family will not find trouble for the time being, Chen Ping took Su Yuqi and also Gu Ling’er back to Hongcheng together, in order to practice, Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix along with them!
After all, Hongcheng was Chen Ping’s home, he couldn’t always stay in the provincial capital, Su Yuqi also had to keep Su Wenzong company, and Gu Ling’er also happened to be there to keep Gu Mantian company.
After a few days in Hongcheng, the Pill King’s residence kept sending Chen Ping herbs whenever they were available!
Good news also came from Song Zu De, the mine had already dug in a dozen metres, and the stones Chen Ping needed had already been revealed, but the quantity was very small now, when the quantity was bigger, Song Zu De would send a cart to Chen Ping!
Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix, on the other hand, had seen their strength soar under Chen Ping’s guidance, and with the addition of the pills, Red Phoenix was now feared to have no rival in the whole of Jiangbei!
“Mr. Chen, where are you?”
This day, Chen Ping was leisurely listening to music at Pan Long Bay when Bai Zhan Tang’s call came in!
“I’m back in Hongcheng!” Chen Ping said.
“Someone from the Guardian Pavilion in Kyoto has arrived, saying that they are going to the southwest with Mr. Chen.”
Bai Zhantang inquired.
“Right, bring them to Hongcheng, we’ll leave together!” Chen Ping said and hung up the phone!
Soon, Bai Zhantang brought a group of a dozen people to the Pan Long Bay villa area in Hong Cheng and parked the car in front of Chen Ping’s villa!
At this moment, Chen Ping was lying on a recliner, enjoying a rare moment of leisure!
“Mr. Chen, Captain Xu from the Kyoto Protector Pavilion is here, on orders from Pavilion Master Zhao!”
Bai Zhantang walked up to Chen Ping and said with a slight bow!
Ever since Chen Ping had killed that Wild Wolf and Qin Feng, Bai Zhan Tang’s attitude towards Chen Ping had become even more respectful!
Chen Ping nodded and sat up, at that moment a man in his thirties with a cold face and an inch haircut walked over and gave Chen Ping a slight glance before not even looking at him, saying, “I have been ordered by the Pavilion Master to pick you up and take you to the southwest, we are pressed for time and need to leave immediately!”