Because Chen Ping’s flesh is needed, and if Chen Ping dies, it’s a corpse, and the value of the flesh will be greatly diminished!
“I understand ……”
Lao Er nodded, then stepped forward and pointed a long sword in his hand at Chen Ping.
“Kid, that little girlfriend of yours with her fine skin and tender flesh is really resistant to beatings, she didn’t even say a word, I believe you saw that video too, right?”
Lao Er stepped forward and provoked Chen Ping with his words!
Chen Ping’s pupils suddenly shrank, and his whole body was filled with killing intent!
“Today I will let you know what it means to regret ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Chopper Sword slowly appeared in his right hand!
The moment the Zang Long Sword came out, everyone seemed to feel the thick battle intent and bloody killing aura emanating from that Zang Long Sword!
Chen Ping had long been united with the Dragon Cutting Sword, and the sword spirit of the Dragon Cutting Sword could also truly feel the anger in Chen Ping’s heart.
Therefore, at this moment, the Dragon Cutting Sword had long been hungry and thirsty, wanting to drink the blood of the opponent.
Seeing the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, the long sword in Lao Er’s hand actually trembled slightly, as if he was afraid!
“Kid, take it ……”
Seeing this, Lao Er rushed directly towards Chen Ping.
If he didn’t make a move, he was afraid that cowardice would develop in his heart as well.
When fighting against each other, it was most taboo to develop cowardice towards the other party, so that one would become very pa*sive!
Obviously, this black and silver robed old man also understood the reasoning behind this, so he took the lead.
The long sword in his hand stabbed straight at Chen Ping, and his sword qi was like an arrow in mid-air, whistling in the air!
Chen Ping didn’t panic, and with a flick of the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, a surging sword qi was directed towards the old man!
With this swing, Chen Ping’s sword qi was like a wave of the sea lapping at the old man.
But the sword qi emanating from the black and silver robed old man was sharp and cohesive, instantly piercing through the waves of sword qi in front of Chen Ping!
The whistling sound was instantaneous, but Chen Ping’s face did not change, and his imperishable golden body erupted.
A golden glow instantly enveloped Chen Ping’s entire body, making him look like a warrior in golden armour!
The sharp sword energy of Lao Er hit Chen Ping’s body, but a burst of fire erupted instantly, except for a few scales of Chen Ping’s Incorruptible Golden Body, Chen Ping did not suffer any other damage!
Lao Er’s face was shocked and he looked at Chen Ping incredulously, but just as he was shocked, Chen Ping’s sea of sword qi had already reached him!
Lao Er backed up in a panic, and at the same time, his sword waved out a sword flower in his hand, trying to ward off Chen Ping’s sword qi!
But Lao Er’s sword flower was like a lone boat under Chen Ping’s ocean wave-like sword energy, and was instantly smashed to pieces.
Lao Er’s entire body also seemed to feel the stormy ravages as he fell heavily to the ground, and his clothes were even torn and tattered by the sharp sword qi, just like a beggar.
“Is that all you’ve got?”
Chen Ping looked coldly at the fallen Lao Er and said with a grim face.
Everyone watching this scene was all shocked, Chen Ping had actually made the opponent fall to the ground with a single sword!
One must know that just now, several Black Silver Robes from the Martial Alliance had sworn that they would be able to take down Chen Ping by themselves.
The black and silver robed boss in particular was like being slapped in the face right now, and in front of everyone!
“Lao Er, stand down ……”
The boss said to the oldest two.
But at this moment, Lao Er had already fallen into a frenzy, and after climbing up, he looked at Chen Ping angrily, “I will take him down today ……”
Soon, a faint black mist began to emanate from Lao Er’s body, and a black figure seemed to wander around Lao Er, finally slowly following his body as it overlapped.
At this time, Lao Er’s face was full of fierceness, and the aura on his body began to shift, understanding that it had become a little stronger.