The bottom of the Holy Pool!
Chen Ping’s entire body was shrouded in white light, as if it was a holy light!
A large amount of white breath began to surge out from within Chen Ping’s body, and that thunderbolt that had just hit Chen Ping with a loud bang was directly blocked by those white breaths!
This kind of aura was precisely the aura within that Heaven Mending Stone, which had all been absorbed into Chen Ping’s body!
Along with the breath continuously surging out, the water within the Holy Pool was like it was boiling, continuously rolling over and bubbling up!
Afterwards, the water within the Holy Pool directly exploded, turning into a single water arrow that shot out in all directions!
This sudden change caused everyone to retreat!
Immediately followed by an explosive sound!
A figure broke through the water and flew directly out of the sacred pool!
“Greetings to the family head ……”
Seeing this, the Grand Elder hurriedly knelt down.
The rest of the Ye Family also knelt down!
As for Sheng Bushi, they merely stared at the figure that rushed out!
It was only when the figure slowly hovered in mid-air that Sheng Bushi and the others got a good look at the appearance!
“Mr Chen, it’s Mr Chen ……”
Ji Yun roared with glee!
Sheng Bushi and the rest of them also cheered along, especially Bai Shao, who actually had tears in her eyes from excitement!
Bai Shallow already had feelings for Chen Ping at this point, if she could, she would give her life for Chen Ping!
As for Chen Ping, he was suspended in mid-air, with white light emanating around his body, as if he was a god descending into the world!
A thunderbolt bombarded Chen Ping’s body, but Chen Ping’s body did not move at all!
The aura within the Heaven Mending Stone was indeed different from aura!
It allowed Chen Ping to emanate a powerful aura around his body while making a breakthrough!
Chen Ping could easily resist the lightning tribulation without any effort!
Looking at the scene in front of him, the Ye Family’s Grand Elder was dumbfounded!
The rest of the Ye Family was also dumbfounded!
How could a breakthrough from the first rank of the Transition Realm to the second rank possibly attract such a strong thunder tribulation cloud?
Moreover, such a powerful thunderbolt was simply unable to regress Chen Ping, as if it was just scratching an itch!
One must know that the pressure emitted by the thunderbolt cloud just now was too much for many people to bear, not to mention the thunderbolt that struck their bodies!
The Ye Family’s group of people were as dumbfounded as if they were dumbfounded, staring blankly at Chen Ping in mid-air!
They simply did not understand what was going on!
Where was their family head?
Just as the Ye Family’s crowd was dumbfounded, Chen Ping had already been baptised by the thunderbolt!
The aura of Chen Ping, who had risen to the second rank of the Dao Transition Realm, had clearly changed!
Chen Ping looked coldly at the Ye Family crowd below and shouted in a stern and angry voice “Your family head has already been killed by me, do you still want to resist?”
“Anyone who dares to resist in, will be killed without amnesty ……”
Chen Ping’s words were like heavy hammers, pounding heavily on the hearts of the Ye Family’s crowd!
“You killed the family head? Impossible, absolutely impossible ……”
The Ye Family’s Grand Elder’s eyes were filled with disbelief as he desperately shook his head “Our Family Head is a Transition Realm 9th Grade Grand Cultivator, how could you be able to kill a Transition Realm 1st Grade, you’re lying ……”
“Is that so?” Chen Ping smiled coldly and casually grabbed downwards!
A huge suction took place, and even the pool water in the Holy Pool washed up!
The pool water was like a water tornado constantly churning, and soon Ye Liancheng’s two cut corpses were brought out!
When Ye Liancheng’s two cut corpses were placed in front of the Ye family, everyone in the Ye family was dumbfounded!
The last glimmer of hope in their hearts was gone!
Ye Liancheng had indeed been killed by Chen Ping!
It was only the Grand Elder who sat down on the ground in dishevelled state!
The rest of the Ye Family had instantly lost the will to resist!
Seeing that all of them lowered their heads, Chen Ping had a smile on his face, and then his eyes looked outside the Ye Family.
Outside the Ye Family, thousands of cultivators were waiting to rush into the Ye Family and drive Sheng Bushi and the others away!
“You all get back quickly, otherwise don’t blame me for being impolite ……”
Chen Ping’s tone was very sharp, every word was like explosive thunder, making those people in Ye City, all of them were shaken!
Coupled with the fact that Chen Ping had a subtle aura flowing through his body, so those cultivators from Ye City turned their heads and ran away!