And Chen Ping’s body followed with a leap, disappearing in an instant!
When Kawaguchi Kazuo turned around, he found that Chen Ping had actually escaped!
“Kid, you wait for me, I will break you into pieces ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo roared in anger, but consoled himself in his heart that although Chen Ping had escaped, the sword was left behind!
But when Kawaguchi Yixiong turned around to look for the Dragon Cutting Sword, he found that the Dragon Cutting Sword had also long since disappeared!
The sword had long since fused with Chen Ping’s body, so it was impossible for Kawaguchi to obtain it.
Chen Ping did not dare to stop and sped off towards the nearest city!
The beast pellet inside his body was constantly emitting bursts of demonic beast power!
Chen Ping needed to find a place as soon as possible to refine the beast pill!
Otherwise, the power within the beast pellet would always be rampaging through Chen Ping’s body!
At this time, in a small town nearest to Chen Ping, Hu Ma Zi and Ge Yu Han were anxiously waiting for Chen Ping! Remember the website m.lqzw.org
“Master Hu, do you think Mr. Chen will be alright?”
Ge Yuhan had a guilty look on her face, Chen Ping was like this because he saved her.
“Don’t worry, this kid has a big life, I’ve told his fortune, he can’t die ……”
Although Hu Pazzi spoke in a breezy manner, his face was also covered in anxiety!
Soon, Chen Ping’s breath was sensed by the two men, so the two men’s faces were happy and they hurriedly rushed towards where the breath was at ease!
When they saw Chen Ping, they were both a little dumbfounded, only to see that Chen Ping’s whole body was in tatters and his face was flushed red.
The skin on his body had actually started to turn green!
“Chen Ping, what’s wrong with you?”
Pocky Hu asked as he stepped forward.
“Master Hu, I swallowed that spider beast’s beast elixir and it hasn’t been refined yet, I need to find a safe place to refine that beast elixir before I can ……”
Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu and explained.
“Follow me ……”
Pocky Hu led Chen Ping extremely quickly towards a hotel!
After checking in, Chen Ping explained that Hu Puzi wanted to find a way to inform Kyoto that Ge Yuhan had been rescued so as not to all convene!
The other point was to have Hu Puzi and Ge Yuhan here to protect him, refining this kind of high level beast pills, Chen Ping knew that the refining could not be completed at all in a short time.
Soon, Chen Ping entered cultivation inside the room, continuously refining the beast pills inside his body!
Hu Ma Zi followed Ge Yu Han and kept watch outside in turn!
Time pa*sed little by little ……
In the blink of an eye, half a month had pa*sed, and Chen Ping opened his eyes in his room with a jolt!
He exhaled a long breath of turbid air!
“It seems that this spiritual energy is not reviving, and cultivating in this secular world is just too slow ……”
After Chen Ping had refined one beast pill, his realm had surprisingly not yet broken through the Third Grade Grand Martial Marquis!
Although this heaven and earth law did not suppress Chen Ping, Chen Ping’s cultivation speed still felt very slow!
In fact, Chen Ping didn’t know that his current cultivation speed was already considered to be at a perverted level, no one could hit the realm of Grand Martial Marquis in such a short period of time!
Chen Ping opened the door and walked out, finding Ge Yuhan guarding the door!
Seeing that Chen Ping had woken up, Ge Yuhan hurriedly asked, “Mr. Chen, how is it going?”
“The beast elixir was refined, but it wasn’t as good as expected, the realm didn’t improve ……”
Chen Ping was a little frustrated!
“The path of immortal cultivation is supposed to be about gradual progress, you should know that many immortal cultivators ended up abandoning immortality to become demons in order to speed up their cultivation progress, more and more immortal cultivators had demons in their hearts and turned into demons, which eventually evolved into the God-Devil War!”
“It caused the entire heaven and earth to collapse, the gods and demons fell, and the martial dao began to run rampant ……”
Ge Yuhan spoke to Chen Ping in a persuasive manner.
“Where is Master Hu?”
Chen Ping asked to Ge Yuhan.
“He …… he’s in his room I think ……”
Ge Yuhan blushed and said in a small voice.