Not long after Chen Ping and the others had left, Leng Wu Dao and the others arrived with their men, and following Leng Wu Dao along with them was a disciple of the Divination Gang!
This Divination Gang disciple was delivering a message to that Leng Wu Dao and the others, because the Divine Reckoner had actually chosen to follow Chen Ping and follow his orders, which made some Divination Gang disciples puzzled and created a mutiny!
“Gang Master, there is no one left in the cave ……”
A Flying Star Sect disciple who went in to check came out and said!
“D*mn it, did they hear the wind?”
Leng Wu Dao personally went in the cave to check and found that Chen Ping and the others had just left too!
“They’ve just left not long ago, give me chase, this divine calculator, f*cking betray us secretly ……”
Leng Wu Dao waved his hand and the crowd went after them towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping and the others did not know that their whereabouts were already known to Leng Wu Dao and the others, and were still rapidly following the location marked on the treasure map!
“Mr. Chen, where are we going?”
Liu Rui asked with some curiosity.
Chen Ping was just leading them on their way, and didn’t say what they were going to do!
“Rui’er, let’s just listen to what Mr. Chen says, no more questions allowed ……”
Yue Buqun reprimanded Liu Rui!
Liu Rui spat out her tongue and lowered her head!
Chen Ping smiled and said, “It’s okay, I promised someone that I would take him to a place, so we are going there now.”
Chen Ping did not say anything about the treasure map, but the others did not ask questions, after all, they followed Chen Ping, so they trusted him 100%.
Chen Ping and the others had been rushing around for a day, and only after it became dark did Chen Ping follow the others and find a place to rest!
But just as Chen Ping was sitting down to rest, a disciple of the Divination Gang hurriedly came and said to the divine Reckoner, “Master, has Eldest Brother disappeared?”
“Gone? What has he done?”
The Divine Reckoner was stunned.
“Last night, Eldest Brother said he had a stomachache and went to go to the toilet, then he didn’t come back. ……”
Then the divination gang disciple said.
“What?” The diviner was shocked “Why the f*ck are you just now saying that?”
“I thought Eldest Brother was in front, so I didn’t say anything ……”
Then the Divination Gang disciple said with a frightened look on his face.
“Master Divine Reckoning, maybe your eldest disciple has delayed and is following behind, if not, send someone to find out ……”
Yue Buqun said to the Divine Calculus.
For his part, the Divine Calculus did not speak, but casually discarded a copper coin, only to see a bright light flashing in the air instantly.
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.
Seeing that bright light, the divine calculator’s brow furrowed and his face was full of coldness as he said, “D*mn, this beast, how dare he betray me ……”
After saying that, the divine Abbot looked at Chen Ping and said “Mr. Chen, that Leng Wu Dao and the others are going to catch up with me, my big disciple betrayed me and brought Leng Wu Dao and the others over ……”
When Chen Ping heard this, his brow furrowed, he thought he had gotten rid of these people for the time being, but he didn’t want to be followed!
“Then what do we do?”
Yue Buqun looked at Chen Ping!
Although Yue Buqun had now recovered, and the Divine Reckoning had also brought the Divination Clan to their side!
But facing the other sects and the Burning Heaven Sect, it would be hard for Chen Ping to be a match with just this number of people, unless Chen Ping summoned those demonic beasts again and broke out in a beast tide!
Chen Ping pondered for a moment and then said, “Let’s hurry through the night, we’re not far from the place I want to find ……”
“Mr. Chen, you guys go first, I’ll take the back, I want to kill this beast with my own hands ……”
The Divine Calculus said to Chen Ping.
“We’d better go together, it won’t help if you stay behind ……”
Chen Ping said!