Wan Tong Pavilion’s Pavilion Master Qian, also acted as the city lord, after all, Wan Tong Pavilion was the most powerful in South End City!
“Both of you, since you’ve already ascended the stage, it’s a life and death battle, no matter who lives and who dies, you must not retaliate after getting out of the ring!”
When Pavilion Master Qian finished speaking, he then gently waved at a corner of that ring!
Soon a light emerged around the ring, enveloping the entire ring!
Buzz!
Along with the light enveloping the ring, a spatial tremor was emitted, the entire ring was surrounded by formations to block it, this was also to not hurt the innocent!
“Chen Ping, I didn’t expect that in just a month, you would have risen to the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, but even if you rise even faster, you will never be able to defeat me!”
Mu Qing’s face was full of confidence, the breath in his body was slowly condensing, incomparable power blossoming out!
Behind Mu Qing, a blood red colour faintly appeared, and a terrifying pressure instantly came towards Chen Ping!
This pressure was like an invisible battering ram, firmly locking Chen Ping in place, and before he even made a move, Mu Qing gave Chen Ping a downward spiral!
However, Chen Ping stood motionless, and the slightest fear could not be seen on his face!
The corner of Mu Qing’s mouth slightly raised, a touch of mockery appeared on his face and said, “Within ten moves, I will make you splatter your blood on the spot ……”
After saying that, Mu Qing grabbed his big hand, and the blood mist behind him instantly condensed into a long sword!
The long sword was swung out, only to see a sword awn chopping towards Chen Ping, the speed was swift and harsh!
Chen Ping was able to block the sword, not knowing when, the Dragon Sword had already appeared in Chen Ping’s hand!
The Dragon Cutting Sword directly blocked in front of his body, emitting a dragon’s roar, shattering that sword awn!
Everyone looked on in shock, somewhat incredulous!
One should know that that Mu Qing’s sword was a force of ten thousand pounds, but he did not expect it to be blocked so easily by Chen Ping!
Moreover, the crowd did not feel an explosion of breath from Chen Ping!
“Could it be that this fellow, with the strength of his physical body alone, blocked a strike from a First Grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm?”
Chief Liu’s face was filled with astonishment!
Although he knew that Chen Ping’s true strength was very strong and not what the realm showed, and he had already tried his best in overestimating Chen Ping’s strength, but he did not expect it to be so terrifying ah!
Surprisingly, relying solely on the strength of his physical body, he blocked Mu Qing’s strike, and it looked as if it was very easy and comfortable, where was there a bit of a life and death fight!
Chen Ping calmly looked at Mu Qing without the slightest expression as the Dragon Sword continued to emit the sound of a dragon’s roar in his hand!
Mu Qing’s brows were slightly wrinkled, and his heart was also extremely shocked!
He did not expect that this Chen Ping had not exploded any aura and had blocked his own strike by relying on the strength of his physical body alone!
Even Tan Rongkun, who had always looked down on Chen Ping and thought that Chen Ping would definitely lose, at this moment, his eyes were wide open, his face full of incredulity!
At this moment, everyone began to reassess and redefine Chen Ping’s strength!
However, only Chen Ping himself knew that he had not simply relied on the strength of his physical body to block Mu Qing’s strike, his current physical body was not strong enough to that extent!
Chen Ping was utilising the power of his True Fire Dharma Body, and it was important to know that Chen Ping’s current True Fire Dharma Body was not in the void, it was already solidifying!
Because this True Fire Dharma Body was equivalent to Chen Ping’s doppelganger, the power breath of the two bodies was exactly the same, that was why the crowd did not notice it!
They all thought that Chen Ping was simply relying on his physical strength to block that Mu Qing’s strike!
This was still the first time Chen Ping had used the power of his True Fire Dharma Body, and when the True Fire Dharma Body was completely solidified, then Chen Ping’s physical body would be equivalent to being fully twice as strong.
“Kid, after eating my sword ……”
Mu Qing coldly shouted, his entire body suddenly leapt into mid-air, and the long sword in his hand slashed down in a smooth manner.
This time the sword surged wildly, charging straight into the clouds, and the void was about to be torn apart as the sword chopped down!