Chen Ping gritted his teeth, he did not expect that Mu Qing, this fellow, was still considered to have some brains, and actually did not suffer from in’s agitation!
The Divine King Bow was continuously pulled by Chen Ping, and various breaths condensed on the Divine King Bow!
An arrow feather kept shooting out, the golden dragon roared, and at this moment, it was also covered in scars!
Chen Ping kept moving closer towards Mu Qing!
Only after getting close, Chen Ping could execute the Ancient Body Refining Technique and follow that Mu Qing in a tangle!
Seeing Chen Ping continuously approaching towards himself, Mu Qing casually grabbed his hand and a long sword condensed by black mist appeared, followed by a chop towards Chen Ping!
With this sword, a hundred feet of sword awns were chopped out, pushing straight towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, executed the Royal Fire Steps and his body instantly disappeared, then appeared in front of that Mu Qing!
The Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand had already been replaced with the Dragon Slashing Sword, and in a close range battle, it was still the Dragon Slashing Sword that was good to use!
The Dragon Cutting Sword erupted with endless sword awnings, stabbing straight towards Mu Qing!
The long sword in Mu Qing’s hand smoothly blocked!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with a cold smile, and the Dragon Slashing Sword directly came out of his hand!
Chen Ping took the Dragon Cutting Sword out of his hand, causing Mu Qing to be a little confused!
He did not understand what Chen Ping was going to do!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
This time, Chen Ping’s Holy Light Fist did not use the slightest breath within his body, it was just pure fleshly power!
Although it was just pure physical strength, this punch, surprisingly, caused Mu Qing to have a feeling that his heart was jumping!
However, Chen Ping’s punch clearly did not explode any breath!
Mu Qing really could not figure out what Chen Ping’s punch was all about!
However, just as Chen Ping’s Holy Light Fist was about to hit Mu Qing, a shadow unexpectedly appeared behind Mu Qing!
The endless black mist transformed into a huge shadow!
The silhouette held a vajra mortar and pestle, and its eyes were incredibly empty!
Along with the appearance of the shadow, Mu Qing’s body actually became one with the shadow!
Chen Ping’s punch struck above the silhouette and directly penetrated through, not causing any damage to that Mu Qing!
“Chen Ping, even in a physical body competition, you are not my opponent, you are just an ant in my eyes!”
Mu Qing laughed out loud, but his voice emanated from that shadow!
The crowd, at this moment, finally saw the situation at the scene!
Mu Qing fused into a huge shadow, looking down on Chen Ping’s ant-like existence!
With a gentle lift of his foot, a roiling breath came over him!
Chen Ping’s body was like a lone boat, instantly sent flying!
“Prana Dharma Body?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said with some surprise in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Chen Ping flew out dozens of feet backwards and managed to stabilise his body, listening to the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, his face was filled with doubt, “What is this Pura Dharma Body?”
“If I tell you, you won’t understand, fortunately this fellow’s Pura Dharma Body is only de-composed, and what is solidified is just a shadow.”
“If the real body is condensed, just now take a moment, not to mention you, even if it’s everyone here, I’m afraid that they will all die!”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
“Holy sh*t …………”
Chen Ping was shocked, he didn’t expect that how did this Mu Qing know so many demonic techniques!
And one was more powerful than the other, no wonder he spoke so wildly!
“What then? Is there still a way for me to defeat him?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Defeating him is probably impossible, you’d better think about how to stay alive!”
“It seems that the only way to break the Prana Dharma Body is to have the Heaven Swallowing Beast step in and suck out that guy’s demonic energy.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was directly speechless!
This Little Heaven Swallowing Beast was like a grandpa, who knew if it would help!
Chen Ping prayed in his heart that the little Heaven Swallowing Beast would quickly come out to help while thinking of countermeasures!
“Hahaha ………… Chen Ping, don’t you want to fight me in close combat? I’ll give you the chance, come on!”
Mu Qing laughed loudly, looking down at Chen Ping.
“Second Gongzi is too bullish, it seems that the family head is really wise to let the second Gongzi go outside to train for many years.”
Chief Executive Liu looked at that Mu Qing, his eyes filled with admiration!