Under this pressure, all the members of the Long Family felt their shoulders sink and fell to their knees heavily, while some of those with low strength vomited blood and died on the spot!
Even that Long Jingguo carried the pressure to death, and finally fell to his knees helplessly!
Chen Ping looked down at Long Jingguo who was kneeling in front of him, “I tell you, you don’t have any qualifications to talk to me, there is no other way for you to go but to listen to me, and I have ten thousand ways to make your life worse than death ……”
Chen Ping said, a golden light instantly entered Long Jingguo’s body.
Soon, Long Jingguo felt a strange itch all over his body, and there was also a heart-breaking pain.
It was like ten thousand ants devouring his heart, don’t mention how painful it was!
Long Jingguo’s expression was hideous as he rolled on the ground!
An old martial arts marquis, but now he was rolling on the ground like a scoundrel!
Those underlings of the Long Family, looking at Long Jingguo in this state, each had an indescribable expression on their faces.
Only Long Xingxu was kneeling on the ground with a few moments of coldness in his expression!
“Okay, I’ll let go, I promise you, let go of your mother …………”
Long Jingguo panted heavily, the intense torture made him only agree to Chen Ping’s request.
Seeing that Long Jingguo had agreed, Chen Ping beckoned his hand, and that golden light instantly shot out from Long Jingguo’s body!
By now, Long Jingguo, already covered in cold sweat, exhaled heavily before standing up!
“Take me to ……”
Chen Ping said coldly to Long Jingguo.
He knew that only Long Jingguo could open the dungeon.
Long Jingguo nodded, then turned around and walked towards the backyard, while Chen Ping followed behind.
“You can’t go to ……”
Just then, Long Xingxu, who was kneeling on the ground, suddenly stood up and said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at Long Xingxu and asked, “What’s going on?”
And when that Long Jingguo took a look at Long Xingxu suddenly standing up, he immediately gave Long Xingxu a fierce glare!
“Chen Ping, you cannot go to the dungeon, at this moment the dungeon has long been without your mother, it is full of Heavenly Lightning Stones, even if you are a Da Luo Golden Immortal, I am afraid that you will be blown to pieces.”
“Long Jingguo is planning to use the entire Long family to die with you at this time ……”
Long Xingxu said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was startled and turned his head to look at that Long Jingguo!
Long Jingguo was going crazy at this point and yelled, “Long Xingxu, what the f*ck are you babbling about? I’ll kill you ……”
How could Long Jingguo have thought that Long Xingxu, who had always been loyal by his side, would suddenly say such words at this time!
Long Jingguo struck out at Long Xingxu, and the moment he did so, it was a vicious move, after all, Long Jingguo was an old martial arts marquis, although he couldn’t beat Chen Ping, but to deal with Long Xingxu, it wasn’t just a casual slap!
But who knew that Long Jingguo would slap at Long Xingxu, while Long Xingxu’s eyes narrowed and a Martial Marquis’ Qi suddenly erupted from his body.
A palm was launched and followed that Long Jingguo’s palm, colliding fiercely together.
Boom ……
A violent explosion sounded.
Long Jingguo’s body actually stomped backwards a few steps, while that Long Xingxu steadied himself after taking a step backwards!
This sudden change of events caused everyone to freeze in their tracks.
Come Chen Ping also frowned, he did not expect this Long Xing Xu’s strength to be so high anymore.
But Long Xingxu was hiding so Avray that Chen Ping hadn’t even been able to detect it!
“Long Xingxu, you …… you …… when did you become so strong?”
Long Jingguo asked as he looked at Long Xingxu with a shocked face.
“I am a side line of the Long Family, but I am also a member of the Long Family and am loyal to the Long Family ……”
“For so many years, as the head of the Long Family, you only gave the best resources to your own son, we couldn’t get anything!”
“Since you don’t give resources, then I can only use my own methods to obtain them.”
“I have been secretly cultivating for the day when I become the Dragon Family Head and replace you father and son ……”
Long Xingxu said to Long Jingguo with a cold smile on his face.