And there are quite a few more masters within this Chizuru Shrine, as well as some hidden organisations!
The Watanabe family was just a subordinate family of the Thousand Crane Shrine, specialising in providing resources and money.
Listening to that old Fan’s words, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed tightly!
If that was really the case, then Chen Ping was afraid that it would be somewhat difficult for him to exterminate the Watanabe family, even if he wanted to exterminate that line of Watanabe Fumihishi!
There is also the fact that when Kawaguchi Kazuo introduced the Watanabe family to Chen Ping, he didn’t mention the Chizuru Shrine at all!
It seems that Kawaguchi Kazuo did not really submit to Chen Ping!
“In that case, I’m afraid it won’t be that easy to exterminate that Watanabe clan ……”
Hu Ma Zi said with a gloomy expression.
“Things are in the hands of the people ……”
Old Fan said indifferently, then picked up his wine and started drinking again!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that things had come to this, so it was better to follow his plan, so he also stopped thinking nonsense and began to drink with Old Fan!
…………
Inside Watanabe Fumio’s villa!
Listening to the report from his two men, Watanabe Fumio’s face was filled with a look of shock!
“Who the hell is that young man? How dare he be Master Fan’s friend? If it seems, I really need to meet him in person!”
Watanabe Fumio was now filled with curiosity about Chen Ping!
So he said to his men, “Go and invite the young lady here ……”
Soon, Yumiko was brought in and Watanabe Fumio quickly asked, “Yumiko, tell father the truth, what is the name of that friend who saved you and how did you meet?”
“Dad, why are you asking this?”
Yumiko looked warily at Watanabe Fumio.
She knew that her father was a very heavy-minded and suspicious man, and if information about Chen Ping was revealed, Yumiko was afraid that Watanabe Fumio would be unkind to Chen Ping!
“Dad wants to thank people properly, so of course he needs to know the other person’s information, you tell me ……”
Watanabe Fumio asked anxiously.
Seeing this, Yumiko could only tell the truth, and upon hearing that Yumiko had only met Chen Ping on the plane, Watanabe Fumio’s face had a slight change!
He was not sure that Chen Ping’s chance encounter following Yumiko was not deliberately designed!
“Then what is his name, do you know it?”
Watanabe Fumio asked again.
“He said his name was Chen Ping, but it looks like the real thing to me ……”
Yumiko said.
“Chen Ping?” Watanabe Fumio froze slightly and frowned slightly, “Why is that name so familiar, I think I’ve heard it somewhere ……”
At this moment one of his men stepped forward and whispered two words in Watanabe Fumio’s ear, only to see Watanabe Fumio’s eyes instantly widen in surprise!
“It can’t really be him, can it? Would he have the guts to come to the capital island country?”
Watanabe Fumio couldn’t quite believe it!
“Dad, what are you talking about?”
Yumiko asked in confusion as she looked at Fumio Watanabe like that.
“Oh, nothing, you go and rest ……”
Watanabe Fumio dismissed Yumiko and started to become a little agitated inside!
If Chen Ping was really the same Chen Ping that killed Watanabe Ichiro, it would definitely be inappropriate for Watanabe Fumio to go see Chen Ping at this time!
Besides, Chen Ping had obviously come to the island with their Watanabe family in mind!
So it seems that Chen Ping’s chance encounter with Yumiko was also designed to win her trust, as well as his sudden rescue of Yumiko!
Watanabe Fumio had wanted to meet Chen Ping, but he was at a loss as to what to do. After all, Chen Ping didn’t know the real situation of the Watanabe family, so he would definitely put all the debt of hunting him on the Watanabe family!
And as the head of the Watanabe family, Fumio will be the first target of Chen Ping’s revenge!
Watanabe Fumio doesn’t even know that Chen Ping already knows everything about the Watanabe family!