Facing Zhu Yuan Ji’s furious punch, the corner of Qi Heng’s mouth slightly raised, his eyes full of disdain, ever since he broke through the Transitional Realm and reached the Mahayana Realm, he had been looking down on these Transitional Realm cultivators as well!
Just after that Zhu Yuanji was close at hand, Qi Heng swung out a fist, and in this fist, it unexpectedly carried a trace of the aura of the Supreme Fire!
It seemed that this Qi Heng had received some teachings from Ning Zhi, and because of that, he had broken through to the Mahayana realm!
Boom!
The two fists clashed against each other, instantly erupting with a sound that shook the heavens and the earth!
The entire Zhu Clan Town shook for a moment, and then the crowd saw a figure plummet down from mid-air!
It was Zhu Yuanji, only to see that Zhu Yuanji’s chest was severely burnt, and blood was still spewing out of his mouth!
After Zhu Yuanji fell to the ground, the entire ground was unexpectedly smashed out into a deep pit of more than ten metres!
“Father …………”
“Chief of Department ……”
Zhu Qingyue pounced over!
Those people from Zhu Jia Town also surrounded them!
When Zhu Qingyue brought Zhu Yuanji out of the deep pit, Zhu Yuanji only had one breath left!
His face was incredibly pale and he was as if he was swimming in air!
Everyone in Zhu Clan Town looked at Qi Heng angrily!
While Qi Heng looked down at the crowd with a face of indifference, “If any of you are unconvinced, you can absolutely take a shot at me.”
“Kill him ……”
Some people erupted with rage and headed towards Qi Heng!
There were then more people from the Zhu Clan Town that shot out towards Qi Heng!
The two followers behind Qi Heng saw this and immediately blocked in front of Qi Heng!
While Qi Heng waved his hand, “You guys stand back, a bunch of small rubbish only, I can dispatch them with a wave of my hand ……”
Facing the crowd of Zhu Jia Town, Qi Heng’s palm unexpectedly appeared with a throbbing flame, followed by the constant surge of breath within his body!
The flame grew bigger and bigger, and then with a palm strike, a flame was like a viper heading towards those Zhu Family Town crowds!
“Ah …………”
“Burn me to death ……”
“Help …………”
The moment the Zhu Family Town crowd touched the flames, they all screamed desperately!
In just the blink of an eye, dozens of Zhujia Town’s citizens all died tragically!
At this moment, all the people of Zhu Jia Town had a hint of fear, and no one dared to take the initiative to attack!
The difference in strength between them and Qi Heng was simply too great!
It was like an insurmountable gap!
Zhu Yuanji could only watch the tragic deaths of his Zhu Jia Town’s people with his eyes wide open at the moment, but there was not the slightest thing he could do about it!
“Zhu Qingyue, if you take off your clothes now and give me a nap, I might be able to spare this bunch of trash from your Zhu Family Town.”
“If you don’t agree, then I can only step in and wipe out your Zhu Family Town ……”
Qi Heng said as he looked towards Zhu Qing Yue!
Zhu Qing Yue looked at Qi Heng with indignation, but could not say a word!
“Second Miss, don’t agree to him, we ……”
There was a Zhujia Town citizen who wasn’t afraid of death to block the way, but before he could finish his words, he was instantly cut down by that Qi Heng popping out a spirit light!
“Zhu Qing Yue, you have to think about it, now I’ll give you a breath of time to think about it, within this time, I’ll keep killing your Zhu Family Town people until you nod your head!”
Qi Heng finished speaking and slapped out a palm from the sky!
Boom!
Dozens of people from the Zhu Clan Town instantly flew into ashes in the middle of this palm!
Even though they had already reached the Transition Realm, they still did not have the slightest resistance!
“Don’t ……”
Seeing the tragic deaths of many of Zhu Family Town’s people, Zhu Qingyue hissed loudly!
However, as soon as the words fell, Qi Heng slapped out another palm, and dozens of Zhu Clan Town’s people disappeared once again!
“I promise, I promise you, as long as you release the people of our Zhu Clan Town, I can let you play as you please ……”
Zhu Qingyue compromised!
But just as Qi Heng was smug and ready to grab Zhu Qingyue as soon as he could, a voice came leisurely from the distance!
“A mere first grade of the Mahayana Realm, how dare you go so wild?”
Hearing this voice, Zhu Qingyue’s eyes immediately lit up!