“Big brother, these guys are at the end of their tether, why don’t they go after them?”
Ding Bu’er asked, puzzled.
Ding didn’t say anything, but after seeing Luo Jinzuo and the others walking away, he let out a stifled grunt and spat out a mouthful of blood.
“Big brother ……”
Ding Bu Er hurriedly held Ding Da Da, “Big brother, are you alright?”
Ding BuDa waved his hand, “It’s fine, you immediately send people to clean up the battlefield!”
“Also send men to guard the entrance of the valley closely!”
“Big brother, are you afraid that Luo Jinzuo will come back and kill us?” Ding Bu’er asked.
Ding didn’t shake his head, “The Desert North martial arts community won’t come back for now, but there’s no guarantee that other clans and families will fall into the well.”
“I know, I’ll arrange for someone right away!”
Ding Bu’er nodded his head and said.
“Master Ding Gu, the danger is lifted for now, I’ll take my men back first!”
Zhao Liguo dragged his heavily injured body and said to Ding BuDa.
“Master Zhao, great kindness is not appreciated!”
Ding Da Da clasped his fist towards Zhao Liguo.
Zhao Liguo led his men away, originally coming with dozens of people, but now only a few of them had left!
This stop at the Shadowless Villa had hurt his bones.
Zhao Liguo also had to rest and recuperate for a while!
“Master Ding Gu, I need to go back too, the herbs and pills I brought this time are all depleted.”
“I need to go back to prepare for it, when it’s ready, I’ll order someone to send all the herbs and pills over!”
At this time, Xu Changsheng also said after Ding Da.
This time, although the Pill God Valley had not suffered much damage to its personnel, the herbs and pills they had brought with them had been depleted.
It was useless for Xu Changsheng and the others to stay behind.
After all, even a good medicinal master could hardly defeat a meal without rice!
“Elder Xu, take care on your journey ……”
Ding Da Da clasped his fist towards Xu Changsheng.
After everyone had left, Ding Da Da went back inside the Valley of the Wicked!
He needed to heal and cultivate as soon as possible, right now he had a deficit of energy and was physically exhausted.
If anyone else came to offend the Vicious Valley now, I was afraid that no one in the Vicious Valley would be able to stop it anymore.
…………
“D*mn, all of them are trash, seeing that the Vicious Valley won’t be able to hold on, but someone ran away ……”
On the way back, Luo Jinzuo kept cursing.
Many people were not righteous and deserted halfway, which caused the situation today.
Luo Jinzuo was full of confidence, lost so much and followed the Evil Valley in a fight.
Now it has come to this point.
There was no other way out, but to wait for the Luo family head, Luo Jinyou, to come out of the gate first.
“Second Master, we were indeed a bit reckless in following the Vicious Valley in the battle this time!”
“Now that almost everyone of us is wounded, if the clan families in Kyoto were to deal with us at this time, we are afraid that we wouldn’t even have the strength to fight back.”
Beside Luo Jinzuo, the only two remaining Luo Clan subordinates said.
At this stop, the Luo family had also suffered heavy losses, while the other clan families, none of whom were fighting for their lives, all wanted to preserve their strength.
Like Fang Xingyue of the Star-Moon Sect, who ran away with his men halfway through the fight.
There was no fighting spirit at all, no sign of desperation.
On the other hand, on the other hand, all of them had a high fighting spirit and were not afraid of life or death!
These people had one belief, not to let any enemy rush into the Valley of the Wicked.
In this way, the Mo Bei martial arts community, which originally had the advantage in strength, ended up with two defeats.
“It’s not like our Luo family has any beefs following the Kyoto martial arts community, who would target us at this time!”
“Don’t worry, the thin camel is bigger than the horse, even now, not just any clan and family can bully us.”
Luo Jinzuo comforted his men.
But just as he finished speaking, he saw a dozen of people dressed in black tights with their faces masked appear in front of them.
Luo Jinzuo was stunned, not expecting that there would still be roadblockers in a place like Kyoto.
Although Luo Jinzuo was also seriously injured now, it would be a handful to deal with a bunch of ordinary people who were stopping and robbing!