The red-haired elder froze for a moment, then understood and nodded firmly!
Qian Xiaohan kept calling himself a member of the Lian San Sect, not once mentioning the Four Nether Mansions!
Since they’d already submitted, they were part of the Four Nether Mansions, no longer just the Lian San Sect!
This was what irked Ming Shao, so he chose to keep watching the show!
Qian Xiaohan glanced toward the tavern, then steadied himself. They were now part of the Four Nether Mansions, so there was no need to fear Sun Moon City!
“Emperor Lin, this Chen Ping killed our elder, and now he’s taken out the Spirit Sect’s leader and the Tang Sect’s Grand Elder too. We must have our revenge!”
“You’d better stay out of this, or Sun Moon City will face utter destruction…”
Qian Xiaohan threatened Lin Chong!
“Threatening me?”
Lin Chong stepped forward, appearing in front of Qian Xiaohan in an instant!
His overwhelming aura pressed down on Qian Xiaohan like a crushing weight!
Qian Xiaohan flinched, quickly saying, “What are you doing? We’re with the Four Nether Mansions now!”
Slap!
Lin Chong swung his hand, sending Qian Xiaohan flying, crashing hard to the ground!
“I don’t care whose people you are. In front of me, you keep it low-key.”
“You dare threaten me?”
Lin Chong’s face was ice-cold, his presence so intimidating that the Lian San Sect members all backed away!
Qian Xiaohan stood up awkwardly, looking at Lin Chong, “We really are with the Four Nether Mansions now, and you still dare…”
Whoosh!
Slap!
Lin Chong’s figure vanished, and in the next moment, another slap landed on Qian Xiaohan’s face!
Qian Xiaohan stood there, dumbfounded, but didn’t dare open his mouth again!
Lin Chong scanned the surroundings, “I’m protecting Mr. Chen. Anyone who dares touch him, I’ll kill…”
His aura sent a chill through everyone present!
Just as the crowd fell silent, staring in a daze, a voice rang out, “So arrogant, so arrogant…”
“You’ve got to look at the master before beating the dog. He said he’s our Four Nether Mansions’ dog, yet Emperor Lin still strikes. Does this mean you don’t take our Four Nether Mansions seriously?”
Ming Shao’s figure slowly emerged!
Beside him was the red-haired elder, followed by eight black-robed cultivators, each at the Immortal Transformation Realm!
Seeing Ming Shao appear, Qian Xiaohan hurriedly led his people to stand behind him!
With this, the Four Nether Mansions’ strength grew significantly!
Over twenty at the Immortal Transformation Realm!
Lin Chong frowned as he looked at the arriving Ming Shao!
“No matter who it is, if they mean harm to Mr. Chen, I’ll kill them. Your Four Nether Mansions are no exception!”
Though Lin Chong feared the Four Nether Mansions’ power, if they targeted Chen Ping, he’d fight with all of Sun Moon City’s might to keep him safe!
“Good, bold words. Looks like coming to this Lawless Land was worth it.”
“It’s only been a few years since our Four Nether Mansions last showed up, and now anyone can disrespect us.”
Ming Shao’s eyes narrowed, his aura beginning to rise slowly!
“With just your group, if it really comes to a fight, it’s hard to say who’d win or lose!”
Lin Chong’s aura surged upward as well!
Sun Moon City’s forces, combined with Chen Ping and the others, also had plenty of Immortal Transformation Realm fighters!
“Let the Huo family lend Ming Shao a hand…”
Suddenly, the void trembled, and Huo Zhenfeng arrived with the Huo family’s experts!
Originally, Huo Zhenfeng had no intention of getting involved in the clash between the Lian San Sect and Sun Moon City, nor did he want to take on Chen Ping at this moment. He’d planned to sit back and watch the tigers fight!
Reaping the benefits after both sides wore each other out was his goal. But seeing the Lian San Sect join the Four Nether Mansions, Huo Zhenfeng realized that if he didn’t pick a side now, once Chen Ping was dead, the Huo family would gain nothing!
After weighing his options, Huo Zhenfeng decided to bring the Huo family’s experts to support the Four Nether Mansions!