Sure enough, as Chen Ping’s body glowed with golden light, Long Xiao, who had originally disappeared in mid-air, actually appeared above Chen Ping’s head at this moment, and fiercely slapped his palm at Chen Ping’s head!
Chen Ping staggered his fists and fiercely blocked upwards!
Clang!
A heavy hammer-like sound, Chen Ping’s feet instantly sank into the ring, and the hard marble crumbled, sending splashes of stone, scattering out in all directions!
With one blow, Chen Ping had fallen to the ground in the eyes of the crowd!
“It seems that geniuses are geniuses, Long Xiao is worthy of being the most talented young man in Kyoto, he has the aura of a peak Martial Sect as soon as he strikes.”
“This Chen Ping is afraid that he won’t even be able to support ten moves, we’ll have something to earn this time.”
“I originally thought that this bout would be exciting, this time I don’t think there will be anything to see.”
The crowd who saw the scene in front of them chattered!
However, these people did not see that although Chen Ping’s feet were sunk into the ring and he was pinned overhead by Long Xiao, Chen Ping’s face was not the least bit flustered, but instead wore a faint smile!
Looking at the expression on Chen Ping’s face, Long Xiao didn’t know why, his own back was vaguely chilly!
Preventing any deception, Long Xiao violently raised his body upwards, following Chen Ping and pulling away from him, standing firmly on the opposite side of Chen Ping!
“This is the first move ……”
Chen Ping said expressionlessly.
Chen Ping’s words instantly caused everyone to freeze, even Long Xiao was a little confused.
None of them understood what Chen Ping meant by this sudden statement.
“I see, big brother Chen means that he wants this Long Xiao to make three moves ……”
Zhao Barging suddenly brightened up and exclaimed!
Zhao Barging’s words caused everyone to be startled, and then they all looked at Chen Ping in unison!
In a ring match like this, facing the most talented Long Xiao, Chen Ping even had to give up three moves?
No one believed this to be true!
Long Xiao’s eyes narrowed, the muscles at the corners of his eyes were contracting, he felt that this was the greatest insult to him!
“Brother Chen, what do you mean by that? Are you going to let that Long Xiao make three moves?”
At this moment, Dong Jiahao asked towards Chen Ping in the ring.
Chen Ping turned his head and smiled lightly, “You’re only half right, I’m not letting him have three moves, but five ……”
“Five moves?”
Dong Jiahao was also directly stunned.
If you know that when a master fights, sometimes a single oversight can kill you, where else would you let five moves happen?
Everyone else also sucked in a cold breath, inevitably shocked by Chen Ping’s words.
“Chen Ping, all you can f*cking do is talk big, right?” Long Jingguo was so angry with Chen Ping that he stood up and cursed, then said, “Xiao’er, don’t hold back, waste this guy who doesn’t know the sky is high, I’ll make his life worse than death.”
On such an occasion, Chen Ping’s words were undoubtedly the greatest contempt and disdain for the Long Family, so how could Long Jingguo endure it?
Long Xiao had also long been trembling with anger at this moment, and his eyes were filled with crimson!
“Chen Ping, you have a big mouth, today I will skin you and draw your tendons ……”
Long Xiao gritted his teeth as his body’s aura was wildly soaring, then a ball of light blue light gathered on Long Xiao’s fist!
“Holy Light Fist!”
Long Xiao let out a furious shout, followed by an explosive punch that ruthlessly went towards Chen Ping’s chest.
This move, the masterpiece of Long Xiao’s master, Venerable Ding Huan, could easily open mountains and break rocks!
“This …… is Venerable Ding Huan’s mastery, I didn’t expect that this Long Xiao had learnt them all.”
“I’ve seen this Holy Light Fist of Venerable Ding Huan, when a small mountain was collapsed by a single punch.”
“Now Chen Ping is going to be in suspense, how dare he say something like letting five moves, isn’t this seeking death?”
Seeing that Long Xiao had actually used the Holy Light Fist, the crowd was in shock.
Boom!
With a loud sound, this fist ruthlessly smashed into Chen Ping’s chest.