“That’s not true, there’s still one ……”
Elder Zong said!
Upon hearing that there was still a Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, Chen Ping and the rest of them put their hearts at ease, if all of them died, wouldn’t it be a wasted trip!
The main thing was that there was no way to know who did the tragedy in the Blood Spirit Valley!
“Since there’s still one head, then take us to see it ……”
Bai Shao said to Elder Zong!
Elder Zong nodded helplessly, then led Chen Ping as they walked back!
After walking for a while, Elder Zong took Chen Ping and they suddenly made a turn and headed directly towards the stone wall of a mountain peak!
Just as Chen Ping and the others were puzzled, they only saw Elder Zong’s palm lightly tapping on that stone wall, and the stone wall unexpectedly moved!
There was actually a secret door present here!
It was probably because the Spirit Beast Valley had seen these Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts being abnormal and had locked this last Spirit Rhinoceros Beast in a secret room!
After walking into the dark door, the stone wall slowly closed automatically!
Directly after the dark door, there was a very large cave, and at the top of the cave were countless night pearls, illuminating the entire cave as bright as day!
“Elder Zong, why do I feel that there is something wrong with the aura inside?”
After Chen Ping entered, he suddenly frowned and said!
“Mr Chen, this is a pregnant Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, it’s probably in labour at this time ……”
Elder Zong finished speaking and led Chen Ping as they walked towards the depths of the cave!
“Master, what aura do you feel is wrong? How come I didn’t feel it?”
The Fire Phoenix saw that Chen Ping was always frowning and asked!
“Nothing!” Chen Ping shook his head, but his frowning brows never stretched!
Soon Elder Zong led Chen Ping and the others to the depths of the cave, where at the moment there were already quite a few cultivators and several spell formations had been laid down!
Each of these cultivators looked nervous, and when they saw that Elder Zong had arrived, they saluted!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, they saw that a Spiritual Rhinoceros Beast that was several metres tall was emitting a low roar, and the eyes of this Spiritual Rhinoceros Beast were glowing red!
Around this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, there were also several corpses that had obviously just been killed not long ago!
“Elder Zong, just now this rhinoceros beast was about to rush out of the cave, we desperately tried to stop it, and we even killed or injured a few people before finally starting the spell formation to stop this rhinoceros beast.”
A cultivator reported after Elder Zong!
“How could this happen? The Spirit Rhinoceros Beast is very docile ah, why would it be like this?”
Elder Zong’s face was full of questions, but it was clear that he didn’t know what was going on either!
Roar …………
At this moment, the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast suddenly went berserk once again and roared, continuously impacting the spell formation!
It looked like this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast also didn’t intend to live, and didn’t even care about the child in its belly!
“Quick, stop it, stop it, this is the last Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, it can’t die anymore!”
Elder Zong roared loudly!
Seeing this, several cultivators had no choice but to rush through the spell formation, wanting to control the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, they couldn’t let it move violently anymore, otherwise they were afraid that the mother and child wouldn’t be able to be saved!
But a few cultivators just rushed in, but was your spirit rhinoceros beast three times to die!
Looking at those cultivators who died tragically, Elder Zong’s face was full of helplessness as he shouted “What can we do about this, what can we do about this ……”
“Let me try ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked straight towards the inside of the spell formation!
“Master, be careful ……”
“Chen Ping, don’t try to be brave, come out quickly ……”
Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow were both worried about Chen Ping!
Elder Zong was also looking on with a face full of surprise, Chen Ping was only in the first grade of the Transition Realm, one must know that when this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast went crazy, it erupted with a huge amount of power, so Chen Ping wouldn’t necessarily be able to resist it!
However, Chen Ping acted as if he did not hear the words of Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow, and slowly walked in front of that Spirit Rhinoceros Beast!
The Spirit Rhinoceros Beast roared, its eyes scarlet red as it stared at Chen Ping, letting out a roar!