On the plane, Ge Jiayi said to Chen Ping with a slightly playful smile, “Chen Ping, why don’t you stay and become a horse in harness, then the whole castle will be yours.”
Hearing Ge Jiayi’s words, all the other girls also looked at Chen Ping.
“Brother Chen Ping, at that time when that duke kept you, did you really not move?”
Xiao Min also asked.
“I think Brother Chen was just embarra*sed to see us there, if we were all not there, he would have stayed to be the sidekick.”
“After all, she’s a princess.”
Xiao Ru also laughed playfully and made fun of Chen Ping.
“You two kids, what do you know? How could I lose a forest for a tree?”
Chen Ping said as he swept his eyes around the girls.
Seeing Chen Ping say this, several of them all blushed in shame!
On the contrary, Hu Pazzi was on the side and cried out, “You are not losing the forest, but I am losing two big, thick, oceanic trees ……”
At that, Hu Pazi almost cried!
Looking at Hu Pazzi’s look, it made everyone laugh out loud.
Back in Kyoto, the first thing Chen Ping did was to find Long Wu and ask if there had been any action by the Martial Arts Alliance during this time!
But instead of finding Long Wu, Chen Ping saw that Long Xingxu had returned from Penglai Island.
“Xingxu, why have you returned from Penglai Island?”
Chen Ping asked strangely.
According to Chen Ping’s speculation, it was impossible for Long Xingxu and the others to reach the Martial Marquis realm so soon.
“Brother Chen Ping, now that Penglai Island is no longer suitable for cultivation, this period of time has seen a lot of visions, and many people have died on Penglai Island.”
“Although that Du Nan keeps issuing seasonal orders, there are still many people who have left Penglai Island.”
Long Xingxu followed Chen Ping and explained.
“A vision? What kind of vision?”
Chen Ping was astonished.
“Penglai Island sometimes doesn’t see the sun for three days and is in darkness all the time, and sometimes it’s always light and no darkness.”
“And earthquakes and tsunamis are frequent, and within a radius of tens of miles of Penglai Island, all the waves are huge.”
“But beyond that it’s calm, as if something is targeting Penglai Island and deliberately driving the islanders away.”
“By the way, there are also some demonic beasts that have been coming out of the sea and attacking the island’s inhabitants!”
Long Xingxu’s face was changing slightly as he was describing to Chen Ping, so it was clear how terrifying these things they had encountered on Penglai Island at that time were.
“How could this happen?”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed, somewhat confused as to why.
Was it because he had taken the Blood Demon’s flesh away from Penglai Island?
After thinking about it for half a day, Chen Ping could not come up with any clue, so he simply stopped thinking about it.
The matter of Penglai Island would be discussed later, what he had to deal with now was the Martial Alliance.
He wanted to see if the Su Yuqi imprisoned within the Martial Alliance was the original or not!
“Forget about the matter of Penglai Island for now, has the Martial Dao Alliance made any moves during this time?”
Chen Ping asked.
Long Xingxu shook his head, “That’s not true, but during this period of time, there are quite a few Martial Dao families that have rejoined the Martial Dao Alliance.”
“Then don’t bother, these wallflower clans, you just need to take note of them.”
Chen Ping knew that as soon as the Martial Dao Alliance gained strength, there would definitely be Martial Dao families that would go to curry favour with each other.
In any era, there were always such wallflower-like people.
“Brother Chen Ping, what are you going to do on the side of the Martial Dao Alliance? Do you need me to gather my men now?”
Long Xingxu asked to Chen Ping.
“No, since many clans have reverted back to the Martial Dao Alliance, then I will show them that the Martial Dao Alliance is nothing but a paper tiger.”
“You go and give a war letter to the Martial Dao Alliance, say that I am going to challenge the Martial Dao Alliance, so that anyone from the Martial Dao Alliance can go to war.”
“Even if they all come together in the Martial Dao Alliance, I will still proceed.”
“Remember, make a big noise this time, as long as I’m still alive, I’m going to make the Martial Dao Alliance have no good days.”
Chen Ping decided to publicly punch the Martial Dao Alliance in the face.