Dong Jiahao looked at Ge Jiayi, not understanding why she said that, knowing that Ge Jiayi’s current strength was also unfathomable!
Ge Jiayi saw that Dong Jiahao could not understand what she was saying at all, so she stopped speaking and took a few quick steps forward, following Dong Jiahao and pulling away.
“Miss Ge ……”
Dong Jiahao chased after him, no matter what Ge Jiayi meant, but it is always good to remind oneself by speaking out, so Dong Jiahao also wanted to follow Ge Jiayi to get closer, so that during the trial, there would be a lookout!
Besides, Ge Jiayi was still a goddess in Dong Jiahao’s heart, so it was always good to be able to follow his goddess in.
“Do you have something to do?”
Ge Jiayi turned her head to look at Dong Jiahao and asked.
“Miss Ge, thank you for your concern and reminder just now, but as long as I have the chance, I will still kill that Long Xiao ……”
Dong Jiahao said to Ge Jiayi with a thankful face.
“You don’t need to thank me, I’m not concerned about you, I just don’t want that Long Xiao’s strength to grow too fast ……”
“If you insist on killing Long Xiao, I couldn’t care less, I think that Long Xiao will definitely eat the meat that is delivered to his door!”
After Ge Jiayi finished speaking, she didn’t bother with Dong Jiahao!
Dong Jiahao was dumbfounded, he really couldn’t understand, what did it matter if he killed that Long Xiao, following Long Xiao’s strength growth?
In fact, Ge Jiayi had long since discovered the matter of Long Xiao sucking up other people’s strength.
Only she didn’t say anything to the others, because the ones that Long Xiao laid his hands on were just people from some small clans and families, and for them, they were all bottom feeders.
The only reason Long Xiao didn’t kill Dong Jiahao was because he was afraid of the Dong family, after all, the Dong family was considered a powerful family in the martial arts world of Kyoto!
But if Dong Jiahao really wanted to kill Long Xiao, Ge Jiayi knew that Long Xiao would never show mercy.
When the time came that Long Xiao had sucked up Dong Jiahao’s strength, then his own strength would definitely grow rapidly.
These were things that Dong Jiahao did not know.
However, Dong Jiahao’s heart to kill Long Xiao did not change, he must avenge Chen Ping’s death.
The group of them, walked for more than an hour before they reached the foot of a mountain.
The mountain was not high, but it exuded a majestic power!
And the place they were going to try this time was a cave here!
The entrance to the cave wasn’t very big, but the wind blowing out of it carried a bone-chilling chill!
“Long Xiao, what exactly is this place? Has your Dragon Family investigated it? Don’t just be a broken cave and waste our time ……”
Someone took a look at the cave and then questioned Long Xiao.
“The place this cave leads to is an ancient ruin, and there are treasures everywhere in that ancient ruin, but whether or not we can get the treasures depends on our respective destinies.”
Long Xiao said to the crowd.
“Since you know that there are treasures in here, then why didn’t your Dragon Family get the treasures in advance? But to propose this trial and take advantage of us people?”
Another person began to question.
If there were really rare treasures, why didn’t the Dragon Family get their hands on the treasures themselves?
“To be honest, within this cave are intricate and dangerous, and it will be very difficult to find the relic in the end!”
“If anyone doesn’t believe in it, then they can choose to withdraw, I will never stop them.”
“If you believe in my Dragon Family, you can go in with me ……”
Long Xiao finished speaking and took the lead to walk in.
Then Zhu Zhishan led Xu Song and the others to follow him in, followed by Ge Jiayi and Dong Jiahao who also went in.
When everyone saw this, they also began to slowly all follow in.
Everyone raised their spiritual power to the highest level and was very cautious.
Long Xiao was in the front, and even pushed his energy to wrap his body tightly in order to prevent accidents.