Seeing Chen Ping’s bid, that cultivator’s brows obviously furrowed!
The other cultivators also looked at Chen Ping, just now Chen Ping had spent money on that hand bone, and now he had this folding fan, how rich was he?
Old Yang also looked at Chen Ping a few more times, he did not expect Chen Ping to be so rich!
“This fellow Daoist, I really want this folding fan, I hope you can let me have it!”
The slim cultivator even directly asked Chen Ping to want to let it go!
It looked like he didn’t have any more money, otherwise he wouldn’t have taken the initiative and asked Chen Ping to let it go!
Only, Chen Ping did not want to give it away, if he had this folding fan, it could withstand an attack from the peak of the Transition Realm, which could save his life for Chen Ping!
“Sorry, the rule is that the highest bidder gets it, you can bid high!”
Chen Ping shook his head!
Seeing this, the cultivator’s eyes slightly condensed, and then a terrifying aura instantly erupted from his body, directly tearing apart the Dao Formation Patterns that wrapped his body!
With this, the cultivator’s appearance and aura were all exposed, and he was actually an old man with grey hair!
A ninth grade great cultivator of the Transition Realm, no wonder this cultivator dared to expose it!
“Fellow Daoist, I am Mu Yao of the Mu Family, if you can think to let go, my Mu Family will be grateful.”
After saying that, that Mu Yao actually had a flame rise from his palm, indicating that he wasn’t lying!
After all, in the vicinity of this Heavenly Demon Mountain, the Mu Family was the only one cultivating fire techniques!
“So it’s someone from the Mu Family, no wonder he dared to break the barrier on his body and reveal his original face and aura.”
“This time, I’m afraid that Old Yang wouldn’t dare to say anything, after all, the Mu Family is also a prestigious family.”
“This kid is probably going to want to let it go, after all, letting the Mu Family owe a personal favour is better than a broken fan.”
The many cultivators whispered!
Chen Ping stared at that Mu Yao, his eyes were a little wary, he had killed Mu Kui, and now that people from the Mu Family had suddenly appeared here, it was likely that these people were rushing towards him!
Fortunately, this Mu Yao did not know Chen Ping, so he had persuaded Chen Ping!
If he knew Chen Ping’s identity, he would have already made a move on Chen Ping!
Old Yang, on the other hand, looked at Mu Yao, although he was not happy in his heart, he did not say anything, after all, the Mu family was considered a big family in this Heavenly Demon Mountain!
It wouldn’t be worth it to offend the Mu Family for a little money!
Now it was up to Chen Ping to see if he would want to let it go!
Everyone looked at Chen Ping, even that Shen Ji Zi gently tugged on the corner of Chen Ping’s coat, signalling him to let that folding fan go!
“If you have the money, just pull it out and the highest bidder gets it, I have no problem with that.”
“But if you want to use your power to oppress others, I won’t eat you.”
Chen Ping looked at that Mu Yao, then snorted coldly!
The crowd all looked at Chen Ping in surprise!
Mu Yao was also shocked, originally he thought that by revealing his identity, he would be able to make Chen Ping retreat, but he didn’t want Chen Ping to not give any face!
He didn’t know that Chen Ping even dared to kill the Mu Family’s Grand Duke, how could Chen Ping give face to him, a Mu Family’s collateral!
“Are you not giving face to my Mu Family?”
Mu Yao looked at Chen Ping coldly, and the aura of the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm erupted within his body, enveloping towards Chen Ping!
This aura was like a titanic pressure, causing Shen Ji Zi, who was beside Chen Ping, to turn pale and somewhat breathless.
As for Chen Ping, his eyes were also slightly condensed as he stood still.
“If you were at the peak of the Transitional Apparition Realm, I would still fear you a bit, you are only the ninth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm that has just been promoted, and you still really think that you are invincible?”
Chen Ping coldly snorted!
Chen Ping’s words made that Mu Yao directly froze for a moment!
After all, the aura on Chen Ping’s body was now hidden, and he didn’t know exactly what Chen Ping’s strength was!
However, listening to Chen Ping’s tone, his strength should not be low, it was very likely that he was also in the ninth grade of the Transition Realm, otherwise he would not have dared to be so contemptuous!