After only a quarter of an hour, Chen Ping lifted the formation.
“Alright, you can come in now ……”
Chen Ping said after breaking the formation!
Seeing this, Bing Lu and the others carefully walked into the courtyard and found that there was no formation activated!
Only then did they completely put their hearts down!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the others also followed into the compound!
The compound was still intact and had not been ravaged by the battle!
Although the courtyard was not large, the layout was very reasonable, practice room, alchemy room, and even a modest study!
Walking in, there was surprisingly quite a lot of talismanic paper inside, and on the table, there were vermillion pens for inscribing talismans, as well as various pigments!
Chen Ping could not have imagined that all the disciples of this Wuji Holy Sect would also be able to refine pills and draw runes, they were really all-round talents!
Looking at the talisman paper in front of him, Chen Ping reached out to take it!
But just after touching it, the talisman paper instantly turned into ashes!
This time, Chen Ping did not dare to turn it over in a casual manner, but looking at the rune paper on the table, there were already a few runes drawn on it, and it was not drawn at all, so it could be seen that the cultivator had left in a great hurry at that time!
“Ah …………”
Just as Chen Ping was carefully studying the half-drawn runes, someone suddenly screamed miserably!
Chen Ping hurriedly rushed out from the study!
A cultivator was found, his palms seemed to be corroded by something, emitting gusts of white smoke!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was quick on his feet and chopped off the man’s palm with a single stroke of his sword!
Soon, the palm that was chopped off, turned into a white smoke, and turned out to be completely corroded and disappeared!
“What’s going on here?”
Ouyang Zhenhua was also filled with shock as he asked the cultivator!
“I …… just saw a formation disc inside the room and wanted to pick it up to observe it, and it became like this.”
The cultivator who lost his palm said!
Obviously, this cultivator wanted to take some treasures inside this room, but he didn’t expect to be backstabbed!
“Don’t move anything here, it looks very calm here, as if there is no danger at all, but in fact, there are dark currents here, full of all sorts of dangers and uncertainties.”
Chen Ping barked at the crowd!
If anyone tried to steal things again, they were afraid that there would still be all sorts of situations!
After hearing Chen Ping’s words, those cultivators who originally wanted to scavenge for treasures were obviously much more honest!
This Wuji Sacred Sect was full of eccentricities, and they did not dare to act recklessly anymore!
Chen Ping then walked to the array disc that the cultivator had mentioned!
Only to see that the array disc was very beautifully engraved, Chen Ping carefully observed it for half a day, but surprisingly, he was unable to tell what kind of formation it was from this array pattern!
Chen Ping’s palm, gas a flame, and then the flame wrapped the array disc, followed by a burst of smoke!
The surface of the array disc even began to flicker with a fluorescent green light, it was obvious that the array disc had been tampered with, and an unknown medicinal powder had been sprinkled on it!
Anything that touched it would immediately be corroded!
However, under the burning of the Supreme Flame, the fluorescent green glow became increasingly faint.
After the Supreme Flame was extinguished, Chen Ping reached out and picked up the array disc!
Chen Ping’s hand was not corroded.
Chen Ping carefully studied it, and a spiritual energy was injected into the array disc, Chen Ping wanted to activate the array disc to see what kind of formation was engraved in the array disc of this Heavenly Realm Great Sect!
However, no matter how Chen Ping injected his spiritual energy, the array disc did not respond at all.
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only put the array disc away and wait for time to study it properly!
Anyways, this was also a formation disc of a Heavenly Realm Great Sect, it was very meaningful to study!
Seeing Chen Ping put away the formation disc, although many cultivators were envious, no one said anything!
After all, if it wasn’t Chen Ping, they wouldn’t even be able to enter this courtyard!
Chen Ping swept a glance with his Heavenly Underworld Eyes and found that there was no poisonous powder on top of the other items, so he said “This is a great sect in the Heavenly Realm, so there are some things that are worth a lot of money, so you guys find out for yourselves what you need!”
Chen Ping had taken the array disc, so he could not let Ouyang Zhenhua and the others, not get anything!
Chen Ping was not going to be that selfish.