Xin Pengfei’s face was red: “That was all a blind ranking by many netizens, what is this strength of mine in front of Miss Ge, Miss Ge’s talent is what people envy ……”
Ge Jiayi smiled faintly: “I’m not too proud of you, what talent do I have, I’m just working hard, if you want to talk about talent, there’s one person that is gifted ……”
After Ge Jiayi finished speaking, she unexpectedly dropped her gaze onto Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping felt Ge Jiayi’s gaze and was somewhat confused, this Ge Jiayi had just come out of customs, how did she know about herself?
And Dong Jiahao, who was beside Chen Ping, began to become nervous when he saw Ge Jiayi looking their way, and his breathing began to sharpen.
Especially when he saw Ge Jiayi coming this way, Dong Jiahao’s body trembled and he hurriedly used his hands to fix his hair.
Looking at Dong Jiahao’s appearance, Chen Ping wanted to laugh, it seems that this Dong Jiahao is not much different from himself when it comes to the emotional intelligence of women ……
Ge Jiayi stopped when she reached Chen Ping, then extended her fair and delicate hand and said with a slight smile, “Hello Chen Ping, my name is Ge Jiayi ……”
Chen Ping saw this and followed Ge Jiayi to shake her hand, Ge Jiayi’s hand was as soft as a bone, and there was a faint fragrance on her body that made it hard for a man to control himself.
Just as Chen Ping was about to let go of his hand, he suddenly found a surge of power coming from Ge Jiayi’s hand, and Chen Ping’s hand felt like it had been caught in a vise!
This force kept invading Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping’s whole arm started to go numb.
A faint smile appeared at the corner of Ge Jiayi’s mouth, and there was a bit of provocation in her eyes.
With a calm face, Chen Ping looked at Ge Jiayi’s appearance and suddenly grinned, followed by an outburst of the power of the divine dragon within his body, instantly rebounding Ge Jiayi’s power back.
The smile on Ge Jiayi’s face instantly disappeared, and was replaced by a strong look of shock.
“Miss Ge, how are you …………”
Dong Jiahao saw Chen Ping follow Ge Jiayi all the way to shake hands and not let go, his heart had long been envious, so he reached out and said to Ge Jiayi.
The first thing you need to do is to take advantage of the opportunity and let go of Chen Ping’s hand, and only after looking at Chen Ping did you smile faintly and shake hands with Dong Jiahao.
Dong Jiahao shook Ge Chia-Yi’s hand for a moment, but immediately let go, but it was this touch that made Dong Jiahao almost jump up in excitement.
“Mr. Chen’s strength is truly extraordinary, I really hope I can receive two strokes sometime ……”
Ge Jiayi looked towards Chen Ping and said in a seemingly unconvinced manner.
“Anytime ……”
Chen Ping said with a bland face.
At this moment, Chen Ping instantly attracted the gazes of many people, and these gazes all carried indescribable hostility and jealousy.
And among these hostile gazes, there was a boy with a slightly chubby figure and a rose in his hand who had the strongest hostility and murderous aura in his eyes!
“Chen Ping, I want to challenge you ……”
Just then, the slightly chubby boy rushed straight out and shouted towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at this person who rushed out with a surprised face, confused as to what this guy was suddenly mad about.
And that Ge Jiayi’s face instantly turned grim after seeing the boy who rushed out.
“Sun Peng, are you a mad dog? You bite people everywhere you go ……”
Ge Jiayi reprimanded the boy with an angry face.
Hearing such a reprimand, Chen Ping was surprised, confused that a girl like Ge Jiayi was really ruthless in scolding people!
Moreover, in front of so many people, this Sun Peng would definitely be anxious when he was so abused.
But who knows, instead of being anxious, that Sun Peng said to Ge Jiayi in a soft voice, “Jiayi, I must follow this Chen Ping to have a match, so that you can see who has the most talent ……”
“Buddy, I don’t even know you, why should I compete with you, besides this is not the place for a competition, let’s talk about it when we have time ……”
Chen Ping didn’t want to follow this Sun Peng in a match, so after he said that, he turned around and pulled Dong Jiahao away.