Chen Ping instantly felt a huge pressure coming towards him, as if a whole mountain was pressing down on him!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, then the scarlet red in his eyes intensified, and the manic and overbearing power within his body exploded directly!
The tremendous power caused that oppressive pressure to instantly disappear, and the Qiankun Circle, which was suspended above Chen Ping’s head, was directly bounced away and returned to Ning Zhi’s hand!
Feeling the overbearing power of the divine Dragon, Chen Ping was overjoyed!
“What else do you have, feel free to use it!”
Chen Ping looked coldly at Ning Zhi!
“Don’t get C*cky Chen Ping, sooner or later you’ll get your a*s kicked ……”
Ning Zhi finished his sentence and threw it in mid-air, a dark entrance appeared in the Qiankun circle, Ning Zhi grabbed Gu Kaiyuan and instantly jumped into the entrance!
When Chen Ping wanted to chase after him, he found that the entrance had already disappeared!
Chen Ping hurriedly looked around, because Ning Zhi had told him that the distance of the Qiankun circle was only 100 metres, so Chen Ping could see where these two people were fleeing to this year with just a glance.
But after looking for half a day, Chen Ping did not find the figures of Ning Zhi and that Gu Kaiyuan. With Chen Ping’s current eyesight, he could see clearly even if it was a thousand metres, not to mention a hundred metres.
But at this moment, there were no two figures at all, the only explanation was that the distance transmitted by that Qiankun circle was not a hundred meters, but that guy Ning Zhi had tricked Chen Ping!
“What a f*cking villain …………”
At the thought that he had been tricked by Ning Zhi, Chen Ping couldn’t help but curse!
Putting away the Dragon Chopper Sword, Chen Ping hurriedly ran towards the shore, he was worried about Gu Ling’er’s safety, he needed to know if Gu Ling’er had really been poisoned by Gu Kaiyuan!
And at this moment, at the dock where Dragon Lock Island was docked, Gu Mantian and the others were anxiously circling around Gu Ling’er!
No one was sure what had happened to Gu Ling’er, who had just arrived on the island and collapsed on the ground, her body still convulsing in a regular manner!
This scared Gu Mantian and the others, and they hurriedly carried Gu Ling’er back to the pier!
Because they didn’t know what to do, and now Chen Ping wasn’t there, they were all anxious like ants on a hot pot!
“Ling’er, Ling’er, wake up, wake up ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public.
“Ancient, take it easy for now, although Miss Ling’er is unconscious, her breath is still stable, there shouldn’t be any major problems, wait for Chen Ping to come and let Chen Ping take a look!”
Su Wenzong advised to Gu Mantian, then looked to Lin Tianhu and said, “Lin Tianhu, go and look for Chen Ping, get him back as soon as possible!”
“Okay!”
Lin Tianhu nodded and hurriedly went to look for Chen Ping!
And at this moment, Chen Ping was also desperately rushing towards the pier!
Lin Tianhu hadn’t walked out far when he ran into Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Seeing Chen Ping, Lin Tianhu immediately shouted happily.
“Lin Tianhu, what brings you here, where is Ling’er and the others?”
Seeing Lin Tianhu, Chen Ping had a bad feeling in his heart!
“Mr. Chen, I am here to find you, I don’t know why, Miss Ling’er suddenly collapsed in a coma, now the ancient has been in a hurry ……”
Lin Tianhu said to Chen Ping.
When Chen Ping heard this, his brow furrowed tightly and his body flashed towards the pier!
Lin Tianhu followed closely behind!
When the two arrived at the pier, they found Gu Ling’er lying on a piece of gra*s, motionless, with Gu Mantian standing guard with old tears in his eyes!
Seeing Chen Ping coming, Gu Mantian hurriedly got up, grabbed Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, you must save Ling’er, she doesn’t know what happened, she suddenly fainted ……”
“Ancient, don’t worry, I already know what’s going on.”
Chen Ping squatted down and helped Gu Ling’er up.
A ray of spiritual energy was input into Gu Ling’er’s body, but it was useless in the slightest. Immediately after Chen Ping probed Gu Ling’er’s breath, his heart finally sighed with relief!