The Grand Elder was stunned, he did not expect Chen Ping to dare to speak to himself like this.
“At your young age, you still have a big mouth, it seems that you don’t want to stay in Penglai Island ……”
After the Grand Elder finished speaking, he gently waved his hand, and instantly two guards rushed up.
The two guards shouted, and then slashed the steel swords in their hands towards Chen Ping.
Looking at the two guards rushing over, Chen Ping wanted to laugh!
With such strength, it was impossible for Chen Ping to hurt himself even if he stood still and did not even need to activate his Invincible Golden Body.
The strength of Chen Ping’s current physical body was also strong enough to withstand an attack from a Great Martial Sect!
Clang …………
With two crisp sounds, the steel blade landed on Chen Ping’s body, only to crumble directly into two pieces!
The two guards were instantly dumbfounded, and even that Grand Elder had a slight frown on his face!
“Just like you guys, you can’t hurt me at all ……”
Chen Ping had a calm face, followed by a flick of his palm, and a strong qi directly shook the two guards away.
At this moment, Chen Ping was just like a god in the sky facing a group of mortals.
A proper descending blow!
“Surely you have two brilliance!” The Grand Elder grimaced, “Give me all of them together ……”
With a furious shout from the Grand Elder, a dozen guards instantly rushed towards Chen Ping.
The aura on Chen Ping’s body instantly spread, the terrifying pressure caused the think guards to fall to their knees, unable to stand up!
The Grand Elder was dumbfounded, looking at Chen Ping with an incredulous face!
“We are from the palace, if you dare to hurt us, King Du will not spare you ……”
The Grand Elder trembled and threatened at Chen Ping.
However, Chen Ping smiled coldly, “Your Du King is here, I will slap him to death with one hand, do you think I will be afraid of him?”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, his body’s aura all burst out, feeling the terrifying aura on Chen Ping’s body, the Eldest Elder fell to his knees with a poof himself.
“You …… you …… are in the YuanYing realm, you are actually in the YuanYing realm ……… …”
The Grand Elder looked at Chen Ping like he was looking at a monster.
When Chen Ping saw that expression on the Grand Elder’s face, he was also very strange, according to reason, the YuanYing realm was a very small realm in the immortal cultivation realm, not even reaching half-step immortals.
But looking at this Grand Elder’s expression, it was obvious that he had rarely seen an expert of the YuanYing realm, could it be that this place was really the same as what that Pocky Hu had said, that only that Du Da was of the YuanYing realm, and that no one else could possibly reach it in their lifetime?
Thinking of this, Chen Ping intended to ask this Grand Elder properly, after all, he had lived and resided here for such a long time, and was also a member of the palace, so he must know the secrets of this place.
Chen Ping withdrew the power of pressure from his body, and only then did the Grand Elder and those guards let out a long breath.
“Stand down your men, I’ll ask you something.”
Chen Ping said to the Grand Elder.
The Grand Elder did not dare to hesitate in the slightest and hurriedly waved his hand, “All of you retreat ……”
Soon, those guards all left, leaving only Chen Ping to follow that Grand Elder.
“Let me ask you something, you have to answer me honestly ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Sir, don’t worry, I promise to know everything and say everything ……”
The Grand Elder was intimidated by Chen Ping’s realm and said with a terrified expression.
“Let me ask you, are there no YuanYing realm immortal cultivators in your entire Penglai Island?”
Chen Ping asked.
The Grand Elder gulped and said, “Yes, but only our former Du King Du Da in the entire Penglai Island was a YuanYing realm expert, only a few months ago, Du Da was asked to leave and has not returned, I heard that he was killed by a man named Chen Ping ……”
“The current Du King is Du Da’s younger brother Du Ziteng taking over, this Du Ziteng is only at the peak of the Golden Dan.”
Hearing the Grand Elder mention himself, Chen Ping laughed in his heart, fortunately these people in Penglai Island did not know him.