When Gao Qilan heard Chen Ping’s phrase my woman, her heart was immediately warmed, it seemed that Chen Ping had acknowledged her identity, and it was not in vain that she had followed Chen Ping from the land of the extreme north to here!
“So it’s the little brat of the Golden Dragon lineage, no wonder he’s so arrogant, thousands of years ago, I had no problem beheading your old ancestor, and I’m still afraid of you, a little guy whose hair hasn’t grown all the way up.”
“Today I will kill you and eat your bones and blood, your bones and blood can be much stronger than others!”
After Bone Cliff finished speaking, his body gently shook!
Boom!
Suddenly, visions appeared behind Bone Cliff, the void exploded, and a hissing sound shook heaven and earth!
Behind Bone Cliff, eighty-one white as jade Prime Spears appeared, each Prime Spear was forged from the leg bones of an ancient tiger beast!
There were also runes slowly lighting up on the Prime Heavenly Spears, illuminating half of the sky, these Prime Heavenly Spears were behind Bone Cliff, making Bone Cliff just like an immortal descending!
These eighty-one Prime Heavenly Spears emitted the sound of a tiger’s roar, as if an ancient divine beast had been awakened, radiating infinite power!
Feeling this power, everyone’s faces were grave!
Ji Yun, as well as Jin Dong and the others, retreated backwards!
Only Ji Lianzhuang and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder were still standing beside Chen Ping!
The two were also building up their strength, ready to join hands together after Chen Ping!
Buzz …………
Steeply, the void then trembled as a Prime Spear instantly disappeared.
Chen Ping frowned, while the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand ruthlessly chopped towards the void in front of him!
At the same time, his mouth shouted “You two back off, I’ll deal with this guy, but it’s just a remnant soul, there’s nothing to be afraid of!”
Chen Ping’s current strength had already reached the peak of the eighth grade of the Harmonisation realm, and he was curious to know just how strong he was now!
This sword chopped out, the entire void shattered, and the disappearing Prime Spear instantly appeared, directly following Chen Ping’s sword aura as it ruthlessly collided together!
A violent explosion rang out, and the entire island seemed to be trembling along with it!
Chen Ping’s feet were instantly plunged into the ground, and all of his clothes were shattered!
Rumbling …………
A terrifying aura was still coming towards Chen Ping, and it was as if the entire island was about to collapse at any moment!
The muscles on Chen Ping’s body all bulged as the Unbreakable Golden Body activated and golden scales covered Chen Ping’s body!
“Break ……”
Chen Ping shouted explosively, his body rising up violently, the terrifying aura was directly broken through and dissipated the moment Chen Ping rose up!
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, and his golden, unbreakable golden body was as if he was a golden armoured god of war!
Looking at Chen Ping’s appearance at this moment, many people’s hearts were filled with envy, they were able to see that the Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body was definitely a supreme treasure!
“Kid, I didn’t expect your physical body to be so strong, and even have a treasure armour to add to it, but I’m just warming up, how do you feel?”
Bone Cliff looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile and asked!
“Doesn’t feel good, this kind of pedantry, don’t show off in front of me anymore!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, his chest suddenly flickered with light as the power of the divine dragon within the Dragon Crystal began to surge!
Within Chen Ping’s dantian, the power of the three clans also glowed, and an endless aura began to spread!
At the same time, Chen Ping’s Origin Space opened wide, and an Origin Star also flickered with light!
Thunder and Lightning Origin ……
Origin of Fire ……
The Origin of Illusion ……
Although Chen Ping spoke easily, he did not invite to look at this bone cliff and mobilised all the power that he could, all of it!
Every Origin that was opened allowed Chen Ping’s breath to increase by a few points.
Feeling the opening of the Origin Qi on Chen Ping’s body, so everyone froze!
What was this situation?
Chen Ping was only in the Harmonisation Realm, but he even had Origin Space and had sensed Origin1
Even if he had perceived the Origin, he had even perceived several types of it?
This was outrageous, outrageously excessive!
The Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man looked at Chen Ping blankly, his mouth wide open, he had reached the Transition Realm and had not yet opened the Origin Space, but Chen Ping, who was only a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, had even opened the Origin Space?