Seeing this, Long Wu hurriedly ran over and helped Ding Da up, “Big brother, are you alright?”
“Kid, I’ll fight with you ……”
Seeing this, Ding Bu Si suddenly had a sharp blade with a cold flash in his hand, with a notch on it, emitting cold Qi!
Ding Bu Si’s body was extremely fast, like a bolt of lightning, and he instantly arrived in front of Long Xiao.
The sharp blade, emitting a cold aura, stabbed directly towards Long Xiao’s chest!
Clang!
After a loud sound, Ding Bu Si’s sharp blade stabbed directly at Long Xiao’s chest, only that the sharp blade broke, but it did not hurt that Long Xiao even a little bit.
“Hahahaha, a bunch of jumping clowns ……”
Long Xiao laughed out loud, then slapped out a palm, directly sending Ding Bu Si flying out as well.
Ding Da and Ding Bu Si stared at Long Xiao with incredulity in their eyes.
They did not expect that Long Xiao’s strength had grown so quickly, and in a short period of time, the two of them were no match for this Long Xiao.
At this moment, Ding Bu Er and Ding Bu San were following Long Jing Guo in a tangled fight, Long Jing Guo’s strength was now a bit inferior to Long Xiao’s.
Following the two of them, Ding Bu Er and Ding Bu San were tangled up in the fight, but they did not fall into the disadvantage.
“Father, it’s better for me to do it ……”
Seeing this, Long Xiao arrived in front of Long Jingguo in a flash of his body.
Then both palms slapped out, and Ding Bu Er and Ding Bu San were also directly slapped out.
Long Jingguo looked at Long Xiao’s strength at this moment, and was inwardly overjoyed.
“Xiao’er, your strength is getting stronger and stronger, in the future, I count on you to glorify my Long Family ……”
Long Jingguo happily praised.
Long Xiao did not say anything, but looked at the four villains who had fallen to the ground, a cold smile appeared at the corner of his mouth, “Four Martial Marquis, what a gift of resources, after absorbing the strength of the four of you, maybe my strength can even go up a level ……”
The reason why Long Xiao did not strike hard to kill the four villains was to draw on their strength.
“Long Xiao, it is me you want to kill, let them go, I am at your disposal ……”
Long Wu stood in front of the four villains and said to Long Xiao.
“Hahahaha …… Are you teasing me? What qualifications do you have to talk to me?”
“Even if I don’t let them go, will you still be able to live?”
“Don’t worry, all five of you will die, none of you will survive, you’re a wasted man, and you still want to talk to me?”
Long Xiao laughed loudly, his face full of mockery.
Long Wu’s face was ugly to the extreme, Long Xiao was right, what qualifications did he have to talk now?
Just as Long Xiao was walking slowly towards the four villains, there was a sudden sound of footsteps that made him stop.
Then he only saw seven or eight people hurrying towards this place, and each of them was emitting the aura of a martial marquis!
Long Xiao frowned, not understanding how so many Martial Marquis had suddenly appeared here.
Could they be from the Pill God Valley?
Just when Long Xiao was surprised, those people had already arrived in front of him, and only then did Long Xiao see that they were all people from the Long Family.
And when Long Jingguo saw all these Long Family experts running here, he couldn’t help but frown: “What are you doing here? Weren’t you told to keep watch at home?”
“Family master, it’s not good, it’s not good ……”
A Dragon Family expert panted, “That …… black-robed man has killed up to the Dragon Family ……”
“What?” Long Jingguo’s heart was shocked, “Then why did you guys run out? Why didn’t you stop him?”
“Family head, that black robed man is too powerful, he killed Elder Qi with a single sword, we …… are no match for him ……”
Then the Dragon Family expert explained with a trembling body.
“D*mn it, how dare he kill on my Long Family, we must not let him escape easily ……”
Long Jingguo’s eyes were full of anger, the Long Family was considered a prestigious family in Kyoto, if this was killed by the black robed man at will, if word got out, the Long Family would be disgraced.