“It’s really strange, the pharmacists from the Eastern Region and the Southern Region have all come, but why is there still no movement from the pharmacists from the Central Region? How many Chinese Apothecaries have come?”
“The Apothecary Conference is about to begin, but there is still no one from the Central Region Apothecary Association, does it mean that they don’t want to participate this year?”
Elder Song frowned slightly, unable to understand what was going on!
The transmission array of the Northern Region’s Apothecary Society had been broken for many years, so the strength of the Northern Region’s Apothecaries was low, and many of them were no longer qualified to participate in the Apothecary Assembly!
However, the Central Region was different, the strength of the Central Region Apothecary Association was not low, but even now, not many people had come!
“It can’t be that the transmission array of the Central Region Apothecary Association is also broken, right? It’s been so many days!”
A monk said!
Shut your mouth, if no one from the Central Region Apothecary Society comes, then what’s the point of this Apothecary Conference?
Elder Song said with a glare!
But right after he said that, the transmission array even started to tremble slightly and emitted a faint glow!
It’s coming, someone is about to transmit over ……
Seeing this scene, several cultivators were very excited!
In the Central Region Apothecary Society, everyone was staring nervously at the light emanating from the transmission array!
The surrounding spirit stones were frantically absorbed by the transmission array, and the light glowed more and more violently!
Soon, a blinding white light flashed, and everyone closed their eyes!
When everyone opened their eyes impatiently, they realised that the Apothecaries in the transmission array had all disappeared!
“It worked, it worked ……”
Li Qi was the first to shout in excitement!
If the transmission was unsuccessful, Li Qi would have been the first to be held accountable, after all, he is the only array master here!
Now that the transmission array is fixed, Li Qi will not be punished!
A big stone in Li Qi’s heart finally fell to the ground!
Seeing this, the other Apothecaries also cheered happily, if the transmission array had not been repaired, they would not have been able to participate in the Apothecaries’ Meeting!
Chen Wenliang was also impressed with Chen Ping!
At such a young age, Chen Ping not only had great strength and easily knocked him back, but he was also a high-level array master who could even repair the ancient transmission array!
“Fellow Daoist, I have offended you more just now, I hope that you will not be offended.”
I will now order someone to fetch the Heavenly Fate Pill for you, Fellow Daoist!
After Chen Wenliang said that, he immediately went to fetch the Heavenly Fate Pill!
Since he had made a promise in public, it was impossible for him to go back on it!
Fellow Daoist, I wonder who you learnt this art of formation from?
Li Qi was very curious, Chen Ping was so young, yet his array technique was so exquisite!
“I’m really sorry, I can’t say ……”
Chen Ping shook his head apologetically!
Chen Ping where there is a master, can not say self-taught it, so I guess Li Qi even more hit!
No matter, no matter, do not want to disclose the master, is also normal.
Li Qi hurriedly said!
Fellow Daoist, are you also planning to go to Yongle City? To visit friends and relatives, or to go home?
Chen Wenliang asked to Chen Ping!
“I have a friend in Yongle City, so I’m going to attend this Medicine Masters’ Conference on the way, which I’ve never attended before.”
Chen Ping said truthfully!
Fellow Taoist, you don’t know, the Apothecary Assembly is not something that anyone can participate in, only qualified Apothecaries can participate in it.
Formation masters like you and I are not qualified to participate in the Apothecary Conference.
If an array masters’ convention is organised, you and I might still be eligible.
Li Qi said after Chen Ping!
He thought that Chen Ping did not know that that Medicine Masters’ Convention would not allow people other than Medicine Masters to join!
I know, I am also an Apothecary, so I should be qualified to participate in the Apothecary Conference.
Chen Ping said!
What? You are also a pharmacist?
Li Qi was baffled!
Chen Wenliang and everyone else looked at Chen Ping, their faces full of wonder!
Chen Ping’s art of formation was exquisite, and his realm strength was not inferior to Chen Wenliang, but now he was even a pharmacist!
Is there anything Chen Ping doesn’t know?