“Either make amends or die, it’s your choice ……”
Wu Dong looked at Chen Ping with a grim face, no one had dared to say a word of no in front of him yet, Chen Ping was the first!
“Can I choose the third?” Chen Ping smiled faintly.
“The third?” Wu Dong froze!
“That would be for you to die …………”
After Chen Ping’s word death was uttered, the aura on his body instantly exploded!
The terrifying aura instantly caused the few Internal Energy martial artists surrounding him to stagnate in their breath, followed by the feeling of a thousand pounds of boulders pressing down on them.
Pfft, pfft …………
Several internal energy martial artists all knelt down on one knee, their faces in pain, blood flowing out along the corners of their mouths!
Everyone was surprised to see this scene!
Especially the old man with a lean figure, his eyes were immediately rounded and his body was trembling slightly, that terrifying aura just now made him almost fall to his knees, fortunately those auras were not aimed at him, otherwise he wouldn’t have been able to carry it at all!
“What are you?” The withered old man asked with a wary expression on his face as he turned to Chen Ping.
“My name is Chen Ping!” Chen Ping spoke indifferently!
As soon as the withered old man heard this, his entire face suddenly just changed, his eyes filled with panic: “You …… you are Mr. Chen?”
The withered old man was the grand housekeeper of the Martial Family, although he had not participated in the ring tournament, he had still heard of Chen Ping’s great name, moreover, in the past few days, Wu Liuyi had sent him to the Jiang Family Villa many times to invite Chen Ping, only that Chen Ping was in seclusion and he had not seen Chen Ping!
Now, after hearing Chen Ping’s own words, and after thinking about Chen Ping’s terrifying aura just now, he could be sure that this young man in front of him was the one who had killed Jiang Zhengzhong!
“Mr. Chen, it was our eyes that offended Mr. Chen, I hope that Mr. Chen will not take offense!”
The withered old man said, and actually knelt down in front of Chen Ping!
“Uncle Qi, what are you doing?”
Wu Dong’s eyes widened in disbelief at the scene before him.
One must know that in the Martial Family, this Uncle Qi’s status could be considered equal to Wu Liuyi’s, and his strength was on par with each other!
Now he was actually kneeling down for a young man in his twenties, wasn’t this a disgrace to the Martial Family?
“Shut up!” The withered old man glared at Wu Dong, who was so frightened that he dared not say anything!
Chen Ping looked at the withered old man kneeling on the ground and did not say anything, but said to Gu Feng, “Gu Feng, put the things away, let’s go!”
Gu Feng nodded and hurriedly packed up all the stones, then followed Chen Ping away!
It was only when Chen Ping’s figure was gone that the withered old man dared to get up.
“Young Master Wu, those stones of ours ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had taken the stones away, Boss Cui hurriedly said to Wu Dong.
Slap …………
No sooner had the words left his mouth than he saw that withered old man give that Boss Cui a direct blow to the mouth, knocking that Boss Cui so dizzy that his face was swollen!
“Uncle Qi, what the hell is going on here?” Wu Dong said with a face full of confusion!
“Young master, we’ve made a mess, we’ve made a big mess, this matter must be decided by the master!”
The withered old man sighed and took Wu Dong and went back!
…………
The Wu Family, Wu Liuyi’s entire anger stormed out after hearing about it!
“b*****d, rebellious son, I’ll kill you …………”
Wu Liuyi slapped a slap towards Wu Dong’s head!
But he was stopped by that Qi Bo: “Master, even if you kill the youngest master now, it’s useless, what we need to do now is to make Mr. Chen remove the bad impression of my Wu family!”
“Yes, yes, yes, I will personally go and make amends to Mr. Chen!”
Wu Liuyi nodded his head repeatedly and hurriedly ran back to his room, bringing out his treasured herbs that he had kept for hundreds of years!
Wu Dong knelt on the ground, his body trembling, and turned to Uncle Qi with a face full of aggression, “Uncle Qi, who the hell is that guy? Why are you and Dad both afraid of him?”