Even if Chen Ping was more powerful, it was impossible for him to erupt with this kind of aura!
This kind of aura directly caused Mu Qiufeng to feel despair, it was an aura he had never felt before!
“Escape ……”
Mu Qiufeng suddenly shouted, then took the lead and started running!
Since in the end, even that big formation had broken, they didn’t have any chance of winning or relying on it, what were they waiting for if they didn’t run now!
“Hahahaha, no one has run out of the palm of my hand yet, you mole crickets, do you want to run away too?”
Chen Ping laughed out loud, as his palm gently pressed downwards!
The black mist filled the sky as if it was a large hand, instantly enveloping hundreds of miles in a radius!
Even if Mu Qiufeng and the others were fast, it was impossible for them to escape hundreds of miles in an instant!
Mu Qiufeng was shocked, in an instant the sky changed colour, he felt as if he was being toyed with in the palm of Chen Ping’s hand, he could not escape at all!
“Senior, almost enough, this divine ability of yours, my fleshly body can’t carry it!”
Chen Ping hurriedly persuaded the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Just one palm covering hundreds of miles, this kind of divine ability could not be seen in the entire Celestial Realm, and Chen Ping was only a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, his fleshly body, even if it was strong, would not be able to withstand it!
“Sorry, I almost forgot ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch hurriedly smiled and then retracted that palm!
At the same time as it was retracted, Chen Ping’s body instantly moved, and those Zhentian Dharma Sect disciples who had long ago fled a long way away, one by one, let out miserable screams!
The miserable screams reached Mu Qiufeng’s ears, causing him to tremble as he gritted his teeth and fled for his life!
But soon, he realised that no matter how much he ran, he seemed to be in the same place, so he looked around, only to find that he was surrounded by a circle of black mist!
Mu Qiufeng’s movements were restricted by this circle of black mist, and he couldn’t run out at all!
No matter how much Mu Qiufeng attacked and what formations he used, it was all to no avail!
In the end, Mu Qiufeng gasped for air and helplessly tied his hands!
“Who the hell are you? This is definitely not something that a sixth ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm can do, what kind of Immortal are you, possessing this fellow!”
Mu Qiufeng knew that Chen Ping must have had his physical body taken away, otherwise he wouldn’t have suddenly become so powerful!
It was nothing short of a massacre, these people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect were truly no better than ants before Chen Ping!
“Hmph, just by you, you also want to know about the old man ……”
“It’s not important who I am, what’s important is that you’re finished now ……”
Chen Ping resumed his original appearance and looked at Mu Qiufeng with a cold smile!
Just now, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch wanted to brag, but Chen Ping rushed to take his body back!
Since the grand formation was broken, and the people of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect were all dead, and there was only one Mu Qiufeng left, Chen Ping did not need the Red Cloud Demon Monarch anymore!
Mu Qiufeng was slightly stunned as he could clearly detect the change in Chen Ping’s aura!
But even if the demonic soul in Chen Ping’s body now disappeared, Mu Qiufeng had no chance of winning!
With so many pill masters, plus a pervert like Chen Ping, he had no way to escape!
What’s more, this was a vast ocean, far away from the continent, and there was no way to escape!
Nowadays, Mu Qiufeng could only resign himself to his fate!
At this moment, Chen Wenliang and the others had also gathered around, especially Bao Longxing and their kind of pill masters, seeing Mu Qiufeng become a prisoner, each one of them was filled with righteous anger and wanted to beat Mu Qiufeng to death!
Mu Qiufeng had locked them up in the dungeon, and if Chen Ping and the others hadn’t come, then in the future, they, the pill masters, would have to become slaves, enslaved without a day or month.
“Kill him, kill this beast ……”
“How dare you look down on us pill masters, today we will use the strongest poison to make you die in pain!”
“Yes, poison him, use the Heart Devouring Pill and let him die in pain!”
Numerous pill masters shouted!