After all, every prisoner here, that was a resource for the City Lord’s Mansion!
If they died and the resources were wasted, Captain Zhou would be held responsible!
Just now, Chen Ping, alone, easily defeated a dozen or so Mahayana Realm cultivators, and was also seen by that Captain Zhou all in his eyes!
“Damn, I remember, this kid came to the prison, to visit the prisoners.”
Captain Zhou finally remembered Chen Ping and asked to the people around him, “For what reason did this brat come in?”
“He beat up Qiu Yu, the male son of the Qiu family, and was directly arrested.”
A guard beside him said!
“Beat up Qiu Yu? This kid looks like he deliberately provoked it, right?”
Captain Zhou frowned slightly and said!
“That’s unknown, but after this kid was locked in, that Boss Liu who purchased the Immortal Spirit Stones sent five hundred Purple Gold Spirit Coins.”
“It looks like this brat’s identity isn’t simple either, otherwise why would that Boss Liu be willing to spend money, you know that Boss Liu is very stingy!”
The guard beside him said to Captain Zhou!
“When you say it like that, it does make some sense, even that Liu Zhongnan paid out money, I wonder what kind of person this kid is to him? Could it be a relative of his family?”
Captain Zhou carefully sized up Chen Ping, as if he wanted to see through him!
“Captain, then should we stop this kid, if he follows Bai Cheng into a conflict, I am afraid ……”
The guard came forward and whispered!
But before the words were finished, Captain Zhou waved his hand and said, “Don’t worry about it, Bai Cheng this kid pretends to be a pussy every day, and I’ve long since grown tired of seeing it, so it doesn’t really matter if we can really teach him a lesson.”
“As long as no one gets killed, we’ll just pretend we can’t see it, I haven’t watched any action for a long time either.”
“Captain, if that White City brat gets injured, it’s not easy to explain on the City Lord’s side ah.”The guard said!
“Accounting my arse, it wasn’t me who hit him, what am I going to account for, not to mention the fact that the City Lord hasn’t shown up for a long time, who knows what’s going on in the City Lord’s Mansion.”
Captain Zhou coldly snorted and said!
Seeing this, the guards were too scared to speak anymore!
It had been a long time since anyone had seen the City Lord show up in Beast City, and it had always been managed by the three Beast Generals under the City Lord’s seat!
However, the three Beast Generals disagreed a lot of the time, which caused many of the cultivators under the City Lord’s hand to suffer!
This was also why Captain Zhou, as the captain of the dungeon guards, could charge money to privately release prisoners, and could also charge money to allow visits!
There was also that Liu Zhongnan, as the official point of purchase, he was able to enrich himself and secretly sell the Immortal Spirit Stones!
It was because the city lord didn’t show up now that caused the entire Beast City’s management to be very chaotic!
Many people took advantage of the opportunity to make a huge profit!
If the City Lord was in charge, then Qiu Yu wouldn’t be so arrogant and it wouldn’t matter if he beat up someone!
Now that his father was one of the Beast Generals, who was supposed to be the enforcer of the rules, how could he have locked up his own son!
At this moment, Chen Ping, unaware that he was being spied on, was slowly walking towards that Bai Cheng!
Bai Cheng looked at Chen Ping who was walking towards him, his eyes filled with a strong fighting spirit!
It had been a long time since anyone had provoked themselves!
The other cultivators in the surroundings, also looked on in awe as they desperately hoped that Chen Ping could follow that Bai Cheng into a fight!
Regardless of who lost or won, at the very least, they could watch the fun!
If that Bai Cheng lost, then maybe those of them would be able to go and stay under the ancient tree for a while!
However, these people were all in the mindset of watching the action and did not care who lost or won!
Only Brother Youngest Sister, with her fists clenched, constantly prayed that Chen Ping would be able to defeat that White City!
Just as Chen Ping arrived in front of Bai Cheng, the two of them were at cross swords!
Suddenly an ear-piercing bell rang out!
This is the bell sound of the time of release is up, all prisoners must return to their cells after the bell sound to be able to do so!