Sun Simiao was stunned, and when he saw Chen Ping’s eyes looking towards the back of the hall, he looked embarra*sed!
“Brother Chen is indeed a young talent, if he can join the Pill King’s House, he will definitely be like a tiger with wings …………”
Shortly after Chen Ping’s words fell, Bai Zhan Tang stepped out from the back!
Seeing Bai Zhan Tang come out, Sun Simiao hurriedly got up to give Bai Zhan Tang a seat and respectfully shouted, “Second Young Master!”
Bai Zhan Tang sat directly opposite Chen Ping and smiled lightly, “Introduce myself, I am Bai Zhan Tang of the Bai family in Kyoto, and today I have met Brother Chen at first sight!”
Chen Ping sneered, “If you knew each other as soon as you met, you wouldn’t be hiding in the back and wouldn’t dare to show yourself!”
As soon as Chen Ping entered the hall, he sensed that there was someone hiding behind him, and judging by his breath, his strength had reached the level of an Internal Energy Grandmaster!
Bai Zhan Tang smiled awkwardly, “Brother Chen, I don’t show my face, actually …………”
Chen Ping waved his hand and interrupted Bai Zhan Tang: “No need to explain to me, I’m not interested in listening, the reason why I’m here is because the Pill King Mansion has the medicinal materials I want, I won’t join the Pill King Mansion, and I can give you the Xiao Hui Dan Dan formula, but if you get the formula, you can’t refine it, you want the Xiao Hui Dan, then use the medicinal materials in exchange! ”
Bai Zhan Tang saw Chen Ping’s decisive words, his eyebrows could not help but frown slightly, in his opinion he made his identity known, Chen Ping would be ecstatic to join the Pill King Mansion, to know the name of the White Family in Kyoto, that is a prestigious name, the truth that it is good to multiply under a big tree, everyone understands, but Chen Ping actually did not care at all!
“I know you’ve been in trouble lately, you killed Jiang Zhengzhong, he has a brother Jiang Zhengde in Kyoto, although the two brothers don’t get along, but after all they are blood brothers, that Jiang Zhengde will definitely seek revenge on you, and Xuan Yue Valley, I’ve already inquired, the four elders of Xuan Yue Valley have already left, they are also heading to Jiangbei, if you join the Pill King Mansion, with my Bai family shelter, these troubles I can all help you solve ……”
Bai Zhan Tang’s eyes slightly stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare and said.
“I will handle these matters myself, it’s a big deal to come and kill one, come and kill a pair.”
Chen Ping’s tone was low, but in the ears of that Bai Zhantang, it was arrogant to the extreme!
Bai Zhan Tang smiled coldly, “I wonder if Brother Chen has heard of the saying, “There is rain for the madness of the sky, but there is trouble for the madness of man?”
“If you think this is arrogance on my part, then there is no need to talk about it ……”
Chen Ping finished and got up to leave!
“Brother Chen stay, I want the formula for the Small Returning Pill in your hand, make a price ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping refused to join the Pill King’s House, Bai Zhan Tang could only retreat and get the Dan formula in his hands first!
“As I said, it’s useless to give you the Dan formula, you can’t refine it!”
Chen Ping said.
“Little brother, my Pill King Mansion has many dan masters, so there is no dan that cannot be refined, if you say so, could it be that you don’t have a dan recipe at all?”
Sun Simiao’s face was somewhat grim when he saw Chen Ping always belittling the Pill King Mansion.
“Since you must have the dan recipe, I can give it to you by taking half of the medicinal materials of the Pill King Mansion in exchange!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
When Bai Zhantang and Sun Simiao heard this, they were stunned, and then Sun Simiao said angrily, “Do you know how many medicinal materials my Pill King’s Mansion has? Asking for half of it out of the blue is simply a lion’s demand.”
Bai Zhan Tang also frowned, “Although your Little Return Pill is effective and inexpensive, but to ask for half of my Medicine King’s herbs with this is a bit too high, isn’t it?”
“What if we add in the recipe for this elixir?”
Chen Ping said, pulling out a greenish pill from his pocket and throwing it towards Bai Zhan Tang, who reached out to catch it.