And the damage he caused by burning his essence blood was so great that I don’t know if it’s possible to recover it all back to what it was before!
But Chen Ping’s flesh was tough enough, even if he couldn’t beat this demon wolf, it was impossible for the demon wolf to eat Chen Ping, the demon wolf’s teeth couldn’t even break through Chen Ping’s flesh’s defence!
When the demon wolf arrived in front of Chen Ping, Chen Ping gathered his spiritual energy into the long knife in his hand, and then his body turned to the side, and the long knife in his hand swung out fiercely!
Stab …………
The demon wolf’s body crossed over Chen Ping’s head, and a large amount of blood gushed out from the demon wolf’s stomach!
The slash Chen Ping had just made had directly cut through the demon wolf’s stomach, and the intestines inside his body were flowing out.
Although Chen Ping had only partially recovered his strength, it was still easy to take on a demon wolf!
The demon wolf fell headlong to the ground, wailing in pain, its eyes looking at Chen Ping in horror, before desperately climbing up and running!
Whoosh …………
The demon wolf had just gotten up to run when an arrow feather instantly headed towards the demon wolf and shot it directly in the head!
This arrow feather was shot by Pillar, and when he saw how easily Chen Ping had disemboweled the demon wolf, he wasn’t so scared anymore.
The demon wolf that had been shot in the head didn’t even wail, it was directly silent!
“Pillar, good archery skills!”
Chen Ping looked at the pillar and praised it!
“Brother Chen Ping, you’re still great, if it wasn’t for you, I’m afraid I wouldn’t even dare to move my bow!”
Pillar looked at Chen Ping with an adoring expression!
Pillar then walked up to the demon wolf, then pulled out a dagger and skillfully took out the demon wolf beast dan.
Then Pillar also took off the demon wolf’s skin, as for the demon wolf’s meat, there was no way he could ask for it, after all, Chen Ping and the others had to go deeper into the mountain range, so Pillar couldn’t carry this demon wolf on his back!
But the meat was worth some money, and the pillar was a bit reluctant to part with it, but there was nothing he could do about it.
Looking at Pillar’s reluctant look, Chen Ping smiled lightly and said, “Take this demon wolf meat with you!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly threw the demon wolf into the storage ring.
Seeing that the demon wolf was suddenly gone, Pillar was surprised and asked, “Brother Chen Ping, what kind of spell did you use? How come the demon wolf has disappeared?”
“I just put the demon wolf into the storage ring, when we return to Bashi Village, I will take it out again, you can sell it for some money!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“A storage ring? That’s a good thing ……”
Pillar was full of excitement, knowing that this demon wolf could sell for quite a lot of money!
Chen Ping led Pillar onwards and soon found a man lying under a big tree, but this man was still breathing somewhat faintly, his lower body had been eaten clean by the demon wolf and the ground was covered in blood!
When Pillar saw this man, he froze, then cried out “Brother Bolt, Brother Bolt, what’s wrong with you? Where is Brother Ali and the others?”
Pillar went forward and looked at the man in front of him and asked, somewhat overwhelmed!
The bolt opened his eyes and looked at the pillar, opened his mouth and tried to say something, but he couldn’t say a word, he was too badly injured!
Chen Ping saw the situation, knew that this is the people of Bashi village, rushed forward, a spiritual qi into the bolt, bolt then a little gasp of air said “pillar, you go, quickly go to save Ah Li and the others, they went to the depths of the mountain range ……”
“Don’t worry, take your time, what’s going on, weren’t you captured by the people of Da Qing Village?”
Chen Ping wanted to ask to understand what had happened to Yun’er and the others!
Bolt licked his dry lips, Chen Ping hurriedly took out a water bottle and gave him two sips, but it was quickly spat out by Bolt, he was too injured to drink the water.