“Clan Elder Ge, you guys stay here for now, as for the matter of retaking the Fire Sect Secret Realm, let’s wait for a while, I have to go to the Thunder Sect Secret Realm before I can do that.”
Chen Ping decided to go to the Thunder Sect Secret Realm’s Violet Sky Mansion first, to find his mother, only when his mother was safe, could Chen Ping go do other things without worry!
“Mr. Chen, when you go to the Thunder Gate Secret Realm, do you know where the entrance to the Thunder Gate Secret Realm and the Secular Realm’s teleportation array is?”
Ge Cansheng asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head, how could he possibly know.
“In that case, we can only pa*s from the Fire Sect Secret Realm’s teleportation array to the Thunder Sect Secret Realm, let Yu Han go with you, although the Fire Sect Secret Realm is all occupied by that Zhangyue Pavilion, but it is impossible for them to have so many people guarding the various teleportation arrays.”
Ge Cansheng said!
After thinking about it, Chen Ping could only do so, so he nodded and took Ge Yu Han and Ji Ru Xue and the other girls with him, and headed for the Fire Gate Secret Realm!
After pa*sing through the Fire Gate Secret Realm, the group was transported to the snow-capped Thunder Gate Secret Realm!
It was Ji Ruxue’s first time entering the secret realm, so they all acted very excited!
It was also Chen Ping’s first time in the Thunder Gate Secret Realm, and he had no idea where the Purple Sky Mansion was!
All Chen Ping could do was to spread his divine sense out and look for any scent of someone!
As long as he could come across someone, he would be able to inquire about the location of the Purple Heavenly Palace!
But just as Chen Ping was walking with the crowd and exploring, he suddenly froze, and under the coverage of his divine sense, he seemed to appreciate a familiar aura!
Chen Ping quickly ran towards that scent, while the others followed close behind!
Soon, the group arrived at a hot spring, and looking at the hot spring in front of him and feeling the aura around it, Chen Ping was so familiar!
He had spent time in this hot spring in more than one place when he was using the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map to cultivate!
“What the …… hell is going on here? How could this place be in the Thunder Gate Secret Realm?”
Chen Ping personally fell into a daze!
And when Gu Ling’er looked at the hot spring in front of her, she was also full of amazement and said “Chen Ping, this place is so familiar, have we been here before?”
Once Gu Ling’er had followed Su Yuqi to cultivate using the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, she had also come to this place, so she also felt familiar with it!
After being surprised, Chen Ping hurriedly took out the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map from his storage ring!
After opening the map, he saw that the picture on it had not only changed, but there was no longer a picture of a hot spring steaming under the white snow!
“Could it be that because I am in this place, the Nine Miles of Mountains and Rivers Map will no longer be displayed?”
Chen Ping speculated in his heart!
But at this moment, Ge Yuhan, who was looking at the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers map, said in surprise, “Look, isn’t this the place of our Fire Sect’s secret realm?”
At this moment, the image of the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers map showed a desert with the blazing sun like fire!
Ge Yuhan recognized this place at a glance, it was in the Fire Sect’s secret realm!
Chen Ping glanced at Ge Yuhan and asked, “Are you sure?”
“Of course, I’ve been to this place.” Ge Yuhan nodded with certainty!
Seeing this, Chen Ping seemed to have guessed something, so he took Ge Yuhan’s hand and said, “You come with me and see if it is the Fire Gate Secret Realm or not ……”
After saying that, the two people’s divine sense entered the 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers map, and then there was a flash of light before their eyes, and they appeared in the middle of that desert!
Ge Yuhan looked around and said with certainty, “Yes, this is the Fire Gate Secret Realm, from here we should walk a hundred kilometres or so to our Ge family land, why don’t we go take a look?”
Chen Ping shook his head and said “No need to go and see, I know what this 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers map is for.”
“This is the teleportation map of the eight secret realms, with this map, you can teleport to any of the eight secret realms, and you won’t be bound by the rules of the teleportation array.”
Chen Ping finally figured out, no wonder the places within this Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map were full of spiritual energy and very suitable for cultivation, it turned out that this Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map was a teleportation array that directly teleported to any of the secret realms, knowing that the spiritual energy in the secret realms was certainly abundant.