Chen Ping didn’t understand what this guy was talking about with the God-Devil War, but this Holy Light Fist of his had indeed been taught by a senior.
At that time, just a wisp of divine consciousness imparted would Chen Ping this Holy Light Fist, if he could find his true body, there is no telling what kind of terrifying skills that old man would have!
Creak …………
At this moment, the pillars of the mansion began to make a sound and looked like they were about to collapse!
“Get out of here quickly ……”
Chen Ping said, pulling Hu Ma Zi with one hand and Zhao Beng with the other, and instantly rushed out of the mansion!
Now that the kung fu power on the two men had been dispersed, they were just ordinary people, how could they withstand the house smashing down on them!
After escaping, Du Ziteng pulled Du Nan and also ran out, except for Tiger Li Daxian who broke through the roof and hovered in mid-air, staring at Chen Ping!
“You won’t be able to escape today no matter what …………”
Tiger Li Daxian’s words carried a powerful force that instantly shook Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Beng to the point of spitting blood!
They didn’t have the gong power to resist even the slightest bit of power right now!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly waved his big hand, and a golden light enveloped the two men.
“You two go quickly, don’t stay here ……”
Chen Ping said to Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Beng.
“Brother Chen …………”
Zhao Barging was worried about Chen Ping and didn’t want to leave!
Hu Puzi went to pull Zhao Barging and said, “The two of us are now invalids, what’s the use of staying here, it will also distract him ……”
After Hu Ma Zi finished speaking, he took out a talisman from his pocket, and then whispered a few words in Chen Ping’s ear!
Chen Ping took the talisman and looked at Pocky Hu with some surprise.
“Master Hu, thank you ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with gratitude!
“Thank you my a*s, I did it for myself too, when you kill this tiger spirit, if you find the treasure, you have to share half of it with me ……”
Hu Ma Zi said with a smile.
“No problem!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
But just as Pocky Hu was pulling Zhao Barging to leave, who knew that Du Ziteng was directly in the way!
“You have offended Tiger Li Daxian, and you still want to leave?”
Du Ziteng said with a fierce face.
Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Beng had ugly faces, but there was nothing they could do, the two of them were now invalids, how could they deal with that Du Ziteng!
“You’re looking for death ……”
Chen Ping’s cold and chilling voice came out, followed by an unbelievably terrifying force!
It instantly sent Du Ziteng flying, his body hitting the ground heavily, smashing a large crater!
Facing Chen Ping, that Du Ziteng didn’t have the slightest ability to fight back!
“You see a demonic beast as a god, how foolish, if you dare to stop the two of them, I will kill you father and son right now ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were sharp and his killing aura enveloped Du Ziteng and Du Nan’s father and son.
Feeling the killing aura on Chen Ping’s body, Du Ziteng’s face became very ugly, not daring to say a word.
Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Beng took the opportunity to rush out of the forbidden place.
Tiger Li Daxian looked at what was happening in front of him, but did not stop it, in his eyes, all he needed to do was to leave Chen Ping behind, as for the others, it did not matter!
“At the end of your life, you can still think of your friends, this nature of yours is not at all like those dragons ……”
Tiger Li Daxian revealed a cold laugh from above, followed by the scepter in his hand emitting a ray of light.
The light enveloped Chen Ping’s surroundings, just like a cage, trapping Chen Ping in it!
Chen Ping frowned and raised his hand to smash out a fist!
But just as he raised his hand, a light instantly wrapped around his wrist, like chains, binding Chen Ping’s movements, making it impossible for him to use it at all!
Another ray of light wrapped around Chen Ping’s limbs, directly controlling him as if he was tied up!