With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, the Supreme Fire on that Old Man Zang and Brother Deer extinguished, and the two .Breathed heavily!
These three people were all in the Mahayana realm, this green-robed middle-aged man and that Deer Brother were both in the first rank of the Mahayana realm!
And that old man Zang was a bit higher in realm, the third rank of the Mahayana realm!
“What is the strength of the three of you in the Beast City for your realms?”Chen Ping asked!
That Hidden Old Man and Brother Deer did not say a word, while that green-robed middle-aged man said, “Sort of medium, there are plenty of people with higher realms than us in Beast City.”
Chen Ping took a deep breath when he heard this, now he finally knew why the strength of the beast races in the Celestial Realm was on the weak side, it turned out that they were all in hiding!
Like Yi He and those Three Emperors and Four Kings of theirs, they sounded awesome, but in fact, they were all just at the strength of the Transition Realm!
With this kind of strength, they can also be called kings in the beast race!
The real beasts are all hiding!
“Then where is your Beast City?”Chen Ping asked while the iron was hot!
When that green-robed middle-aged man heard this, he hurriedly shook his head and said, “I absolutely cannot say this, even if you kill me, I cannot say it!”
“You kill us!”
That Zang Lao finally caught his breath and said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t pay attention to that Zang Lao, instead, he took out a map and placed it in front of that green-robed middle-aged man and said, “See this red-circled noted place, this should be your Beast City, right?”
The green-robed middle-aged man stared blankly, then looked at Chen Ping in shock: “You …… how do you have a map?”
Seeing the green-robed middle-aged man’s reaction, Chen Ping knew that he had guessed correctly!
And the green-robed middle-aged man also reacted and hurriedly said, “No, that red-circled place is not our Beast City, you don’t need to guess.”
But the green-robed middle-aged man’s reaction at this moment was simply a case of here and now!
“Kid, let me tell you, even if you know where our Beast City is located, it’s useless, you won’t be able to find the Beast City at all.”
Old Man Zang said to Chen Ping!
“Is that so?”Chen Ping smiled faintly, “Then let me guess, why can’t you find it even though you know the place?”
“Could it be that your Beast City is inside another spatial dimension, so you can’t find it even if you know the place?”
Chen Ping finished speaking and looked at the reaction of that green-robed middle-aged man!
As a result, that green-robed middle-aged man did not have any reaction, so Chen Ping knew that he had guessed wrong!
This Beast City should not be in some other spatial dimension.
Since it wasn’t in another spatial dimension, yet it couldn’t be found, there was only one possibility left, the blindfold method!
Using an illusion formation to confuse the people searching for the Beast City, so that even if they found the place, they wouldn’t be able to discover where the Beast City was!
“Since it’s not in another spatial dimension, your Beast City should be blocked by an illusion formation, causing people to get lost in the illusion formation, so they can’t discover where the Beast City is, just like a ghost hitting a wall!”
“Your city lord is an expert in using illusion formations, so it wouldn’t be hard to do this!”
Chen Ping continued!
But as soon as Chen Ping said this, the green-robed middle-aged man’s expression obviously changed!
Chen Ping knew that he had guessed correctly!
“Kid, you don’t have to guess, even if you guessed correctly, there is no way you can get out of the illusion formation.”
“If it wasn’t for the three of us today, you wouldn’t be able to come out of the Illusion Formation .Come out!”
Old Man Zang said angrily!
Chen Ping also admitted that if he hadn’t used his own ploy to trick these three guys into showing up, it wouldn’t have been easy for Chen Ping to break through this illusion formation and come out of it .. came out!
“You are right, but now what I tell you guys to do, you have to do.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he pinched his fingers and a golden light disappeared into the bodies of the three!
A shadow then emerged above the heads of the three, and Chen Ping grasped the shadow in his palm!
The three people’s souls were all pinched inside Chen Ping’s palm!
This time, all three guys were shocked!