“I came here to look for the Divine Muscle Grass, this Divine Muscle Grass can cure the burns on my face.”Zhu Qingxiu’s eyes were no longer as excited as they were at the beginning at this point!
“Oh, then we’ll help you find it.”Fan Xianbo waved his hand, “Hurry up and help senior sister look for that Divine Muscle Grass.”
Several people all helped to look for it, while that Fan Xianbo was beside Zhu Qingxiu, asking intentionally or unintentionally, “Senior Sister, that Jade Brief Book of Secrets is very important to our Ten Thousand Swords Sect, you must keep it well.”
“Is that Jade Brief Book of Secrets on you? If it’s on you, never let others know ……”
What seemed like words of concern were actually testing Zhu Qingxiu!
Fortunately, Zhu Qingxiu began to have doubts and hurriedly said, “Elder brother, that jade brief secret manual is not on me, but has been placed in a safe location by me, you don’t have to worry.”
Upon hearing this, Fan Xianbo’s brows furrowed and a hint of gloom flashed in his eyes as he said, “Eldest Sister, I think we’d better go and take a look at that Jade Brief Book of Secrets first, since Master has given the Jade Brief Book of Secrets to you for safekeeping, you’ll be sorry for Master’s hard work if you make a mistake.”
“Eldest Brother, the place I put it is very safe, there won’t be any mistakes.”Zhu Qingxiu said!
Seeing this, Fan Xianbo’s tone became a bit grim, “Senior sister, now that the Ten Thousand Swords Sect has suffered a calamity, and Master is dead, as the eldest senior brother of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, I have a reason to hold up the Ten Thousand Swords Sect.”
“You now immediately take me to see that jade secret scroll, this is an order ……”
Zhu Qingxiu saw that Fan Xianbo wasn’t pretending anymore, so he also grimaced and said, “Eldest Senior Brother, the Jade Slip Secrets of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect can only be accessed by the Sect Leader, even though the Master is gone, he hasn’t passed on the throne to you, and you aren’t the Sect Leader of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, so you’re not qualified to give orders to me.”
When Fan Xianbo heard this, he was directly enraged, “Senior sister, I’m now asking you to take me to find that jade secret scroll, are you going or not?”
“Not going!”Zhu Qingxiu had a firm face!
“Good, since that’s the case, then don’t blame Eldest Senior Brother, I’m also doing this for the good of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect!”
After Fan Xianbo finished speaking, he winked towards a few other senior brothers, and a few people immediately gathered towards Zhu Qingxiu!
Seeing this, Zhu Qingxiu also took up a stance, his eyes filled with anger and said, “Eldest senior brother, I don’t think you guys escaped from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, right? The Ten Thousand Swords Sect was suddenly attacked by the Demon Sealing Alliance, and many of our senior brothers and sisters were killed before they could react.”
“Our Ten Thousand Swords Sect didn’t even have time to activate the clan protection formation at that time, at that time, when my master escorted me to escape, he said that there might be a traitor within the clan, I see that this traitor is you, isn’t it?”
“You fart, I think you’re the traitor, stealing the sect’s jade secrets.”
“Arrest her for me ……”
Fan Xianbo waved his hand, and several of his senior brothers instantly pounced on him!
Zhu Qingxiu instantly followed the several senior brothers to fight all together!
While that Fan Xianbo was watching from the sidelines, waiting for an opportunity to make a move!
Suddenly, Fan Xianbo’s expression turned cold, and then when Zhu Qingxiu wasn’t paying attention, he instantly arrived behind Zhu Qingxiu and slapped his palm directly towards Zhu Qingxiu’s back!
“Senior sister, why are you doing this?”
Fan Xianbo smiled coldly!
This palm of Fan Xianbo’s contained the power of sealing, as long as it was slapped on Zhu Qingxiu’s body, Zhu Qingxiu would have her spiritual power sealed, and would have no way to resist!
At that time, he could control Zhu Qingxiu to get back the Jade Book of Secrets, with the Jade Book of Secrets, he could become the patriarch of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect.
But as he watched Fan Xianbo’s palm was about to hit Zhu Qingxiu’s back, suddenly a light came and instantly cut through the void!
Swish!
The entire void was stirred up as a cold aura chopped down and sword qi streaked across the sky!
Fan Xianbo was startled and hurriedly quickly withdrew his hand and retreated backwards!
As for the other few people, they were also forced to retreat by the sword aura, dodging the strike!
Chen Ping landed beside Zhu Qingxiu with his Dragon Cutting Sword in hand.