The Dragon Family!
Long Jingguo and Venerable Ding Huan were drinking tea and chatting!
Long Xiao was standing by the side, at this moment, Long Xiao’s body was actually faintly emitting an aura close to the peak of Martial Sect!
“Hahahaha, I’m so grateful to Venerable Ding Huan, I didn’t expect that in just a few days, Xiao’s strength has grown so rapidly, he’s about to reach the peak Martial Sect realm, as long as he defeats that Chen Ping, Xiao will definitely be promoted to the peak Martial Sect before the end of the year, then he’ll be the youngest peak Martial Sect in Kyoto …… ”
Long Jingguo was full of joy and laughed loudly.
“Long family master, this is also Long Xiao’s own natural talent, and also strive, I believe that with his natural talent, in a short time, will be able to reach the half-step Martial Marquis realm, then break through the Dao Martial Marquis, your Long family’s status in Kyoto, afraid to grow another step …… ”
Venerable Ding Huan said with a faint smile.
“Hahahaha, thanks to Venerable Ding Huan’s cultivation ……”
Long Jingguo couldn’t say how happy he was at this moment, if Long Xiao could really break through the Martial Marquis realm, then their Long family would have the youngest Martial Marquis in the martial arts world of Kyoto, and even the entire martial arts world of China!
At Long Xiao’s age, in time, the entire martial arts world would have to look up to their family!
“Now that Long Xiao has become so powerful, it should not be a problem to deal with that Chen Ping, so I should also go back.”
Venerable Ding Huan got up and prepared to leave!
Just then, however, Guo Wei walked in from outside, with a grave face, “You should not underestimate that Chen Ping, Long Xiao’s strength is growing, that Chen Ping is not idle either ……”
Seeing Guo Wei come uninvited, Long Jingguo was puzzled and immediately got up and said, “Director Guo, what does this mean?”
“Hmph, that Chen Ping is not idle, how much more can his strength grow in such a short period of time? You should know that Long Xiao has received my entire inheritance and I also used a secret method to make him break through in such a short time ……”
Venerable Ding Huan said with a cold snort.
“Venerable Ding Huan, I don’t mean to deny you, you must not misunderstand ……” Guo Wei saw that Venerable Ding Huan was angry and hurriedly explained, “We got the news that that Chen Ping might also have some strange encounter these days, but exactly what it is, we don’t have exact information yet, but it’s better to be careful.”
“Now it’s not just Long Xiao following that Chen Ping’s bout, Long Xiao represents our entire Martial Dao Alliance, that Chen Ping dares to openly provoke our Martial Dao Alliance, then he should be made to lose face in front of all his fellow Martial Daoists ……”
“Councilor Guo, don’t worry about that, Xiao’er will win for sure, when the time comes I will have him carry around my Long Family’s ancestral divine weapon, even if that Chen Ping is now at the peak of Martial Sect, he will not be a match for Xiao’er ……”
Long Jingguo had a confident face.
“That’s good, don’t be disgraced then!”
Guo Wei nodded his head.
“Hmph, you guys also underestimate my disciple too much, after this competition, I will bring Long Xiao back to the mountain, after the end of the year, I will let him challenge you, the Alliance Director, and then we will see if you, the Alliance Director, are my disciple’s opponent ……”
Venerable Ding Huan said with a face of anger.
Venerable Ding Huan’s words caused Guo Wei’s face to become unnatural instantly as well.
Although this Venerable Ding Huan was not part of the Martial Dao Alliance, he had given himself some face, but this Venerable Ding Huan didn’t seem to have any regard for Guo Wei!
“Venerable Ding Huan, I admit that your strength is very strong, with Long Xiao’s talent, it is not impossible to reach the peak of Martial Sect before the end of the year, but there is one thing you should know, the same realm of the peak of Martial Sect, but there is a difference between high and low, I have been diving at the peak of this Martial Sect for many years, no matter it is the fighting skills or the ability to adapt, it is not a person who is newly promoted to the peak of Martial Sect can compare. ”
Guo Wei’s face was also cold as he said.
“Then let’s have a match at the end of the year ……”
Venerable Ding Huan flicked his sleeve and left straight away!
Guo Wei also had a displeased face and left without any joy