“Ning Zhi, no matter if it’s a melee sparring match or a long-distance battle of attrition, you’re just a small piece of trash in front of me.”
Chen Ping looked at the injured Ning Zhi and said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised!
“Is that so? Then let’s try it in ……”
Ning Zhi pulled away after Chen Ping!
He had that stove cauldron in his hand and could replenish his breath at any time, he did not believe that he could not still consume Chen Ping!
Only to see Ning Zhi casually grabbing his hand, that roiling black qi instantly condensed into a long spear, which then shot straight towards Chen Ping!
Just as the lance shot towards and towards Chen Ping, it suddenly exploded in mid-air!
Afterwards, countless short and compact arrow feathers, like shooting stars in the sky, came towards Chen Ping!
It turned out that the lance at the beginning was to confuse Chen Ping, letting Chen Ping mistakenly think that it was just a lance, so he didn’t need to dodge at all!
Chen Ping looked at the arrow feathers that were suddenly coming from the sky, and grabbed the Jade Brief Secrets of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect in his hand.
Along with Chen Ping’s a divine sense striking into that Jade Brief Secret Manual, in just an instant, countless sword arts flashed through Chen Ping’s mind!
“Ten Thousand Swords Return to the Sect ……”
One could only see Chen Ping’s eyes like electricity, and sword qi streaked across the Zhan Long Sword.
Chen Ping raised the Dragon Beheading Sword high, and the endless aura around him swarmed around, constantly converging on Chen Ping’s Dragon Beheading Sword!
The Dragon Slashing Sword trembled gently as countless sword auras shot out from the Dragon Slashing Sword!
The Ten Thousand Swords Returned, a single sword aura was like a blistering wind chopping the moon, cutting through the endless void, and then following Ning Zhi’s rambling arrow feathers to collide together!
“Ten Thousand Swords Return to the Sect?”
“Isn’t this the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s best technique? How do you know the sword art of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect?”
Ning Zhi looked at the scene in front of him with a face full of incredulity!
He couldn’t figure out how Chen Ping knew the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s Jutsu. Chen Ping was definitely not a disciple of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect!
However, right now, Chen Ping was the one who knew the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s Jutsu, and although the power of the execution was still lacking, this move, Ten Thousand Swords Returning to the Sect, had caught Ning Zhi a little off guard!
After wiping out Ning Zhi’s countless arrow feathers, the remaining ones of those swords were heading straight towards Ning Zhi!
Ning Zhi was shocked, only feeling that the power of these swordmans was extremely bizarre and incredibly powerful!
Ning Zhi didn’t dare to take it hard, and could only make a move with his hand, as the countless black qi formed a shield that blocked in front of Ning Zhi, while Ning Zhi’s body was constantly retreating!
Clang clang clang …………
The sword awns struck on top of that shield, making a sound like metal clashing!
But soon enough, the shield was shattered, and a sword awn slashed through the perimeter of Ning Zhi’s body!
Although Ning Zhi was dodging as hard as he could, he was still a few moments too slow!
Several wounds were cut into his body by the sharpness of the swordmans, and blood continued to gush out!
Ning Zhi’s breath instantly weakened as countless black qi wrapped around the wounds, stopping the blood instantly!
“Chen Ping, you kid is awesome, but I won’t spare you easily!”
Only to see Ning Zhi spraying out a mouthful of blood, the blood landed in that black aura, instantly causing the aura to flip up, the black aura surprisingly filled with red aura, the two auras entangled together and then transformed into a long sword!
The black hilt of the sword, the blood-red body of the sword, emitted a hot breath!
The cauldron on Ning Zhi’s body also began to emit a flame breath, which was all absorbed by the long sword!
“You want to play with my sword?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, the Dragon Chopper Sword in his hand was a divine weapon, where was it comparable to the long sword that Ning Zhi had conjured up with his demonic Qi!
“Flame Chop ……”
Ning Zhi let out a roar as the longsword in his hand viciously chopped towards Chen Ping!
In an instant, a rising flame shot out from that longsword, and the energy contained an endless flame aura, heading straight towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also raised his Dragon Beheading Sword high.
“Zhentian ……”
Another move of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s sword art, as this sword went down, a blackened spatial crack unexpectedly appeared in the surrounding void!
So many spatial cracks had just appeared, causing both Chen Ping and Ning Zhi to be in a great mess!
This time, Chen Ping’s sword unexpectedly cut out another void crack out!
The void rift appeared and did not immediately close, but from within that void rift, a large amount of aura flowed out, and no one knew exactly where these auras came from!