The golden dragon hovered above Chen Ping’s head, and that majestic and domineering aura suppressed almost everyone.
“Make a move ……”
Long Xiao frowned, followed by a wave of his hands, a black Qi filled the air, then transformed into a black dragon, and after a dragon roar, charged towards Chen Ping, opening its bloody mouth!
The golden dragon above Chen Ping’s head also let out a dragon roar and did not hesitate to meet it.
Just as Chen Ping was following Long Xiao in his tussle, the four Xu Song also moved, only to see the four join forces and together they struck out a stream of powerful qi that directly enveloped Chen Ping’s entire body.
Chen Ping was about to swing out his sword, but just as he was about to swing his sword, a very familiar aura suddenly hit Chen Ping head-on.
This aura was too familiar to him, it was the aura he had been longing for.
Chen Ping faintly froze as the light of the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand dimmed.
“Yu Qi …………”
Chen Ping turned to the scent and actually called out softly!
Boom boom boom boom …………
Just as Chen Ping was slightly dazed, the familiar aura disappeared, followed by a stiff and powerful aura that ruthlessly smashed into Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping’s body was instantly shaken and sent flying, and the Zeng Long Sword in his hand also came out of his hand, instantly disappearing into Chen Ping’s body.
Boom ……
Chen Ping hit the ground hard, and a large pit several metres deep appeared, with Chen Ping lying in the pit covered in wretchedness.
With a dragon roar, the golden dragon lost control of Chen Ping, and after letting out a hiss, it dissipated into a bit of golden light!
“Chen Ping ……”
Dong Jiahao quickly rushed over and pulled Chen Ping out of the deep pit.
“What are you up to? This is a life-and-death battle, how can you wander off?”
Dong Jiahao saw clearly that Chen Ping had actually lost his concentration the moment he struck ……
“Yu Qi, Yu Qi …………”
Chen Ping muttered, that familiar aura just now, directly caused Chen Ping’s mind to be in turmoil, at this moment, Chen Ping was like practicing kung fu and going off the rails!
Not far away, Long Xiao and Xu Song and a few others looked at Chen Ping’s sudden change into this state, and they all looked puzzled as well.
They were afraid that Chen Ping was playing some kind of trick!
“Chen Ping, wake up, wake up, there is no your girlfriend here, no, they are going to kill you ……”
Dong Jiahao desperately shook Chen Ping, hoping that Chen Ping would come to his senses.
But at this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were listless, as if he was demented, which made Dong Jiahao full of incomprehension!
“This is because his mind was suddenly stimulated when he was highly concentrated and turned into this state, taking the Heart Clearing Pill should help ……”
At this time, Ge Jiayi glanced at Chen Ping, then said to Dong Jiahao.
But in this place, where to find any heart clearing pills!
Dong Jiahao could only desperately call out to Chen Ping, trying to get him to wake up.
Long Xiao and the others looked at Chen Ping and didn’t do anything immediately, but looked towards Zhu Zhishan!
Zhu Zhishan walked over quickly, and when he observed for a while, he was convinced that Chen Ping wasn’t faking, but was really mentally damaged!
“Hahahaha …… hahahaha …………”
“This Chen Ping’s mind has been damaged and turned into a demented state, now any one of you can kill him ……”
Zhu Zhishan laughed out loud in excitement.
“Lord Zhu, what the hell is going on here? How did this Chen Ping suddenly become mentally damaged?”
Long Xiao was puzzled, after following Chen Ping for half a day, Chen Ping was fine, but as soon as Xu Song and the others struck, Chen Ping turned into this state.
“I’m not really sure!” Zhu Zhishan shook his head, he only knew that Chen Ping’s appearance was a result of his mind being damaged, but he hadn’t figured out exactly how it was caused yet.
Long Xiao frowned and looked at Chen Ping carefully.