“My God, isn’t this …… a divine tactic? This man is definitely not a martial artist!”
“I don’t feel any jin qi from him, this old man must be a divine immortal coming down to earth!”
“Where did the Jiang family find this kind of immortal help, I’m going to have to go find it!”
The crowd on stage let out a gasp of amazement, such a sight was beyond their imagination!
Listening to the exclamations of the crowd below the stage, that Master Fuzzy’s face was filled with a look of triumph!
“Young man, with this skill, can I be your master?”
Master Bu Dou asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping smiled coldly and shook his head, “What I want is real skill, not juggling, although this illusion of yours is powerful, it cannot hide from me!”
As Chen Ping finished his speech, he waved his palm, only to see a golden light emitting a blinding glow, the crowd blinked and were all dumbfounded when they looked into the ring!
At that moment, the ring had once again returned to the way it had just collapsed, and Chen Ping and that Fuzzy Master were standing on top of the ruins!
The back-and-forth had left everyone dumbfounded, confused as to what was going on!
And at this moment, Master Bu Dou’s face began to turn ugly as his eyes narrowed slightly and he said, “I didn’t expect you to be of the same path, since that’s the case, then I’ll send you on your way!”
After Master Bu Dou finished speaking, he instantly pulled out eight black chess pieces, then casually threw them out, but not towards Chen Ping.
When the eight pieces landed on the ground, eight pillars of light instantly rose up, and these eight pillars of light enveloped Chen Ping and Master Bu Dou!
“Even if you are highly skilled, you will not be able to perform in my Spirit Trapping Formation!”
Master Bu Dou said with a smug expression!
“Is that so?” Chen Ping smiled coldly, but didn’t say anything more, seeing as how this Master Bewildered could also be a resource for his cultivation today!
“Holy sh*t, what is this, is it an immortal spell? This is going to be a duel!”
“It’s too awesome, what is this if not an immortal spell, this old man must be an immortal!”
“This is not an immortal, this old man should be a magician, and these are just magical techniques, I heard that there are many magicians in the southwestern provinces, and some magicians raise some spirits or ghosts!”
The people who knew about it started to explain, otherwise they all looked shocked and had never seen the world!
And at this time in the Spirit Trapping Formation, Master Bu Dou once again said to Chen Ping, “I’m giving you one last chance, you have good natural talent, if you learn from me, you can definitely have a great future!”
“I should be giving you one last chance, what other treasures do you have in your arms, take them out and give them to me, maybe I can spare you from death!”
Chen Ping could feel the presence of dense spiritual energy from the chest of that Master Bu Dou!
Master Bewildered was startled and hurriedly tightened his clothes, looking at Chen Ping warily, “Kid, if you dare to hit on my treasures, beware of dying without a burial place!”
In Master Bu Dou’s arms was the thousand year old ginseng that the Jiang family had given him, it was a treasure, so Master Bu Dou carried it with him!
“Cut the crap and strike!”
Chen Ping looked a little impatient.
“Good!” Master Bu Dou shouted explosively, followed by his body directly disappearing into the Spirit Trapping Formation, and when his figure reappeared, Master Bu Dou had already appeared behind Chen Ping!
A palm slapped towards Chen Ping’s back.
Chen Ping laughed coldly and with his backhand, he clasped Master Bewildered’s wrist.
Master Bewilderment was startled and his body disappeared once again.
“Since you only know how to run, I will break your formation and see how you can still run!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he violently grabbed a pillar of light with one hand, only to see that pillar of light being directly sucked inside Chen Ping’s body.
All eight pillars of light were absorbed by Chen Ping, and even the pieces on the ground were crushed to pieces by Chen Ping!
Master Bu Dou’s form instantly appeared, and then looked at Chen Ping in horror.