Inside this cell, there were tree roots intricately intertwined, and it was dark and damp!
The environment was very harsh, and if one wanted to cultivate here, they could not sense a trace of spiritual qi!
Not only could he not sense the existence of spiritual qi, Chen Ping also detected that there was a suction force inside this prison that was sucking away spiritual energy from his body!
Although this suction force was very weak and almost unsearchable, it was still detected by Chen Ping!
“Brother, I’m sorry, I …… don’t have the money to ransom you out, I’m sorry ……”
Seeing his brother that way, the youngest sister was very distressed!
The youngest sister’s brother heard, instantly silent, after a while, this only calmed down, grinned: “Sister, you do not have to come to see me in the future, I know that you come once, you have to be extorted by the guards once.”
“Live well on your own, brother can’t afford to be taking care of you anymore, you have to take care of yourself!”
“Brother, don’t say that, you will definitely be able to get out, don’t be discouraged!”
The youngest sister encouraged her brother!
“Can’t get out, can’t you see that there are fewer and fewer people in the middle of this cell?”
The youngest sister brother said!
Only then did the youngest sister notice that the surrounding cells seemed to be empty!
“Brother, those prisoners? Are they all released?”
The youngest sister remembered that the last time she came, there were still a lot of prisoners being held inside this cell!
But now these prisoners were surprisingly all gone!
“Dead, they are all dead ……”
The youngest sister’s brother said!
“Dead? Why would they be dead?”
The youngest sister didn’t understand, how could they die when they were locked up in a prison?
Even if you don’t eat or drink, it’s impossible for a cultivator to die ah!
Moreover, after reaching the Transition Realm, a cultivator’s life can reach thousands of years, so how could he die so easily?
“I don’t know, anyway, they all died one by one, I feel like I can’t stay long!”
The youngest sister’s brother shook his head and said!
“Were all of those dead cultivators all dried up in size, as if their cultivation had been drained?”
At this time, Chen Ping spoke!
It was only when Chen Ping spoke that the youngest sister’s brother noticed Chen Ping’s presence.
After taking another look at Chen Ping, the youngest sister’s brother asked the youngest sister, “Sister, who is this person?”
The youngest sister’s brother was very wary, after all, he was definitely worried when his sister had a stranger by her side!
“Brother, his name is Chen Ping, I ran into him on my way to Beast City.”
“If it wasn’t because he lent me money, I wouldn’t have been able to come and see you today!”
Youngest Sister introduced Chen Ping after her own brother!
“Why did he lend you money? I’m afraid he doesn’t have any intentions, right?”
“You shouldn’t trust people so easily, you’re too stupid to be easily deceived.”
“Many people approach you, they must be greedy for your beauty!”
The youngest sister’s brother admonished the youngest sister!
“Brother, Chen Ping is not coveting my beauty, the beautiful women around him are much prettier than me.”
The youngest sister said awkwardly!
The youngest sister’s brother sized up Chen Ping, and then said in a warning tone, “Kid, don’t make any attempts on my sister, if you let me know that you bullied my sister, I’ll get you killed when I get out!”
“Do you think you can still get out?”Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
The youngest sister’s brother froze, then sighed and said, “I don’t know if I can get out, if you genuinely like my sister, I hope that you can take good care of her, don’t fail her, my sister is very poor.”
“Brother, what are you talking about?”The youngest sister looked embarrassed!
“You’d better take care of her yourself, I have an elixir here, you’ll eat it later, it’ll still allow you to hold on for a while.”
“There’s something odd inside this cell, it seems like there’s an inexplicable suction force that’s absorbing the spiritual energy in the body.”