Sun Xiaoyun frowned “touched it, looked at it, silver needles on it, why can’t you wear clothes?”
“That’s how you are, it’s good for detoxification.”
Chen Ping said!
“Nonsense, I think you just want to take advantage, want to continue to see ……” Sun Xiaoyun was angry and red!
If it wasn’t for the fact that Chen Ping had really healed and detoxified himself, Sun Xiaoyun was going to do it again!
“You’re a patient now, so you’re going to listen to me and do whatever I tell you to do.”
“If you don’t listen then I’ll stop you first, you’re no match for me anyway.”
Chen Ping said unhurriedly!
“You …………” Sun Xiaoyun glared at Chen Ping, but did not move!
What Chen Ping said was the truth, she simply could not beat Chen Ping!
Sun Xiaoyun was puzzled, she was clearly in the Ferrying Realm strength, how could she not even beat Chen Ping, who was in the Harmonisation Realm?
Could it be because she was poisoned?
Sun Xiaoyun quietly stood still, while Chen Ping came forward and carefully observed those silver needles!
Chen Ping’s face was about to touch Sun Xiao Yun’s body, and Sun Xiao Yun could only close her eyes, her face blushing!
At this time, Sun Xiaoyun had already made up her mind, as long as Chen Ping took out the silver needles, she must take revenge, even if she didn’t kill Chen Ping, she had to beat Chen Ping violently!
Otherwise she would not have been taken advantage of by Chen Ping for nothing!
Chen Ping did not know what Sun Xiaoyun was thinking internally, at this moment, Chen Ping was frowning slightly as he found that the silver needle was too slow in removing the poison!
This toxin was particularly stubborn, and it was very difficult to expel it in that Sun Xiaoyun’s body!
If the detoxification was not clean, Sun Xiaoyun would still be in danger!
“Miss Sun, this toxin is too stubborn in your body, if the detoxification goes on like this, it’s estimated that it won’t be finished in three days and three nights, and it won’t be clean.”
“The only way now is to let your nerves be stimulated and then promote the circulation of blood to detoxify, so that it can be a little faster and still be a little cleaner.”
Chen Ping said to Sun Xiaoyun!
“What do you mean? What do you mean by nerves being stimulated?”
Sun Xiao Yun had a puzzled look on her face!
“Miss Sun, at the risk of asking you, are you married?” Chen Ping asked!
Upon hearing this, Sun Xiao Yun glared at Chen Ping and said “I don’t even have a boyfriend, what marriage?”
“Then Miss Sun, do you have a ………… yourself?”
Chen Ping gestured twice towards Sun Xiaoyun!
Sun Xiaoyun instantly blushed like an apple and looked angrily at Chen Ping “What are you talking about, I’m not that kind of person ……”
“Since you are not that kind of person, then I can only be that kind of person.”
Chen Ping finished speaking, a breath instantly penetrated into Sun Xiao Yun’s body!
Before Sun Xiaoyun could react, her body seemed to be confined and she could not move at all!
“What do you …… you want to do?” Sun Xiao Yun had a look of panic on her face!
“Of course it’s to cure you.”
After saying that, Chen Ping stretched out his hands!
Sun Xiaoyun instantly felt that her body was hot and dry, her nerves were stimulated, and the black blood dripping from that silver needle was dropping faster!
Chen Ping was now considered an old driver, and it was more than enough to deal with Sun Xiaoyun’s new car!
Soon, Sun Xiaoyun let out a melodious sound!
And outside of Sun Xiaoyun’s room, City Lord Sun had captured that Protector Gong as well as Elder Fei!
These two fellows were like lost dogs!
Elder Fei glared viciously with his eyes at the f**ked up Protector Gong!
Obviously, City Lord Sun was chasing him from behind, but this fellow even ran towards the place where they landed, and in the end, they were caught by City Lord Sun in one fell swoop, capturing all of them, the demonic cultivators!
Gong Protector, on the other hand, had his head hanging down and had lost all of his cultivation!
After capturing the two back, City Lord Sun prepared to go see how Sun Xiaoyun was doing!
But just as he reached the door, he heard indescribable sounds coming from inside!