Chen Ping’s internal organs were tumbling and blood was spilling out of the corners of his mouth!
Gu Ling’er ran over worriedly and gently wiped Chen Ping’s blood!
Chen Ping stared at the iron door in front of him and suddenly seemed to think of something.
“I see, this iron door is recoiling all my power back, the harder I push, the greater that recoil will be, it seems that trying to break the ban by force is unlikely ……”
Chen Ping said with a frown.
“Then what are we going to do? Are we going to be trapped here?”
Gu Ling’er asked with a panicked look on her face.
There was nothing to eat here, and if they didn’t get trapped here, they would definitely be starved to death.
However, Chen Ping had long since reached the Golden Dan realm, so he would have no problem even if he didn’t eat or drink, but not Gu Ling’er, she was an ordinary person without her strength now, and she wouldn’t last more than a few days without food or water.
“Since the exit won’t work, let’s go upwards and take a look ……”
Chen Ping adjusted his breath and took Gu Ling’er with him as he began to walk towards the tower.
But just as they reached the stairs, a curtain of light suddenly blocked the entrance to the stairs, directly blocking Chen Ping’s path upwards.
“Couldn’t they go up there as well?”
Gu Ling’er was a little surprised to see this sudden curtain of light.
“Ling’er, you retreat, I’ll see what’s going on ……”
Chen Ping did not know what the situation was, so he asked Gu Ling’er to step backwards.
Chen Ping slowly put his hand towards that light curtain, and when his palm touched the light curtain, his body felt like it had been electrocuted.
Immediately afterwards, like high technology, several images flashed across the screen!
Although the images flashed very quickly, Chen Ping could still see clearly that it was a man boxing!
Chen Ping instinctively made a few gestures in accordance with the image on it, and the light screen in front of him instantly disappeared!
With a surprised face, Chen Ping walked upwards and found that there was no danger or obstruction of any kind.
“Ling’er, you can come up now ……”
Chen Ping waved towards Gu Ling’er!
Gu Ling’er followed and walked up, before asking curiously, “Chen Ping, what did you see just now? Look at yourself gesticulating.”
“Didn’t you see it? There were pictures on that light screen, just like a television set ……”
Chen Ping looked at Gu Ling’er strangely.
“No ah, I didn’t see anything, I just saw you gesticulating there by yourself ……”
Gu Ling’er shook her head.
This time, Chen Ping was a little confused, could that image only be seen by himself?
But Chen Ping didn’t think much about it, the main thing now was to find a way to leave this Demon Subduing Tower!
When Chen Ping took Gu Ling’er to continue walking upwards, a curtain of light suddenly appeared, also at the staircase.
This time, Chen Ping directly imprinted his hand on it, and there was the same electric sensation!
Immediately afterwards, several images flashed by!
Chen Ping looked at the images and followed what was on them and made a few gestures!
Then the light screen disappeared and Chen Ping led Gu Ling’er upwards!
All the way to the top, every floor would come across this situation!
After reaching the top floor, Chen Ping couldn’t help but remember the set of fists shown on the screen and directly gestured in place.
When Chen Ping finished practising a set of fist techniques, the entire top floor of the Demon Subduing Tower suddenly became distorted, like a spatial distortion!
Then a light shone in, and slowly a human figure appeared!
Chen Ping squinted his eyes and fixed his gaze on it, and found that it was surprisingly an old man wearing a white robe, with a long white beard and kind-looking eyebrows.
At the sudden appearance of an old man here, Chen Ping began to become a little nervous!
The old man slowly walked up to Chen Ping and looked him up and down!
“I never thought that after waiting for hundreds of years, I would have waited for a Dragon’s Son, this might be the will of the heavens ……”
The old man said with a satisfied nod of his head.