“I want to know, how did you find my location?”
Chen Ping was puzzled as to how this Diao Changmin knew his exact location!
After all, the Pill Cauldron Mountain was very huge, a few people within this Pill Cauldron Mountain were simply smaller than ants!
How could Diao Changmin accurately know his location if he did not rely on his breath and divine sense?
“Of course it’s the eyes, the brother and sister following you are our eyes, they will announce your location at any time.”
Diao Changmin said with a cold smile!
Chen Ping did not feel surprised after hearing this, in fact, he had also suspected that Nie Lei and Nie Hong siblings!
From the beginning when those few pharmacists accurately found themselves, Chen Ping had actually been suspicious of the siblings!
Only there wasn’t any concrete evidence, and he didn’t say anything!
Now that Diao Changmin was able to come at himself without any trouble, Chen Ping became even more suspicious!
The reason why he asked Diao Changmin was just to make sure of his suspicions!
Diao Changmin was getting carried away and would definitely say anything!
Now Chen Ping could be sure!
“Thanks for telling me this!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, an appalling aura violently erupted from his body, the Unbreakable Golden Body wrapped around his body, emitting a blinding golden light!
“Hmph, it’s useless, even if you have more means, you are bound to die today!”
Diao Changmin snorted coldly, then let out a roar, “Kill him ……”
A dozen or so pill masters erupted with their full strength and attacked towards Chen Ping!
They each executed their most powerful moves!
For a time, the heavens and earth trembled and space roared!
Chen Ping was instantly wrapped in countless auras, and his entire person disappeared!
When Diao Changmin saw this, he revealed a cold smile, with so many people attacking together and hitting Chen Ping, at this point, Chen Ping would have long since gone up in smoke!
Boom!
A loud bang suddenly rang out, and immediately after, they saw the several pill masters who were closest to Chen Ping, directly let out a miserable scream and flew backwards!
“What?”
Diao Changmin was stunned!
Then he saw the fire light that rose up in the sky, followed by a dragon roar as a golden dragon appeared on Chen Ping’s body!
The golden dragon’s entire body was ablaze with flames, and its terrifying aura caused the crowd to be stunned!
The golden dragon roared as the sky-covering to fire headed towards those pill masters!
Wherever the golden dragon passed, those pill masters were instantly sent flying, and there were several pill masters with low strength that were directly torn to pieces by the golden dragon!
The flames that filled the sky made everyone tremble in fear!
In just an instant, the dozen or so pill masters that Diao Changmin had brought with him all lost their fighting strength!
Even if there were those who did not die, there was only a breath left, lingering on!
“What …… is going on here?”
Diao Changmin’s face was filled with incredulity!
He couldn’t believe that Chen Ping, a mere sixth rank of the Transition Realm, how could he be so capable?
One had to know that the ones he had brought with him were the elite of the Diao Family, all of them were of the eighth and ninth grade of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
Logically speaking, it would be as easy as a slap in the face for these people to kill Chen Ping, but now it had turned into this situation!
Could it be that Chen Ping was hiding his strength, that he was not a Transition Realm Sixth Grade cultivator, but a Mahayana Realm cultivator?
But such a young Mahayana realm, the entire Celestial Realm did not see many of them!
As the roiling fire slowly dissipated, Chen Ping stood in place with his entire body unharmed!
The golden Unbreakable Golden Body was still shining brightly!
The golden dragon hovered above Chen Ping’s head, emitting bursts of hissing from time to time!
Looking at the golden dragon above Chen Ping’s head, Diao Changmin’s entire body’s legs went soft and he almost collapsed on the ground!
“What exactly is your …… strength?”
Diao Changmin asked loudly!
Although Diao Changmin was in the Mahayana realm, but Chen Ping had exterminated all of their Diao family elites with a single strike, and Diao Changmin was also very fearful at the moment!
“Can’t you tell, I’m only at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!