“Then what are you talking all this nonsense for?”
Chen Ping frowned, his face full of displeasure!
“Although I can’t save your girlfriend, I do have the ability to arrange for you to meet, do you want to meet your girlfriend?”
Ning Zhi said with a raised eyebrow.
“At what cost?”
Chen Ping asked directly.
If Ning Zhi helped himself, there would definitely be a price, but just meeting once and taking away the 90,000 Miles Mountain and River Map and the storage ring he was holding, Chen Ping would never agree to it.
“The price is that you have to accompany us on a trip to Dragon Lock Island ……”
As soon as Ning Zhi’s words fell, Chen Ping directly froze!
How could he have not expected that this Ning Zhi’s price would be this?
“A trip to Locked Dragon Island?” Chen Ping said with a surprised expression, “What’s the point of going to Locked Dragon Island now that the time has pa*sed?”
The two dragons, one ice and one fire, on Dragon Lock Island had long pa*sed their days of infestation, and that ice dragon had already been destroyed by Chen Ping, taking out the dragon crystal, so he really couldn’t understand what this Ning Zhi was still going to do on Dragon Lock Island.
“Don’t ask so many questions about this, just say yes or no!”
Ning Zhi asked, staring intently at Chen Ping.
“How can I trust you that you won’t make a move against me when we get to Dragon Lock Island? You know that with your current strength, if you want to make a move on me, I won’t be able to run away at all ……”
One peak Martial Sect, one eighth grade Martial Sect, that Northwest King Gu Kaiyuan was at least a seventh grade Martial Sect, there was no way Chen Ping could be a match for these three people!
“Don’t worry about it, only Mr. Gu and I will go with you, when we really want to turn against you, even if you can’t beat the two of us, if you escape, I’m afraid the two of us won’t be able to stop you, right?”
Ning Zhi said with a faint smile.
Chen Ping pondered for a moment before finally gritting his teeth and saying, “Okay, I promise you, so when will you take me to see my girlfriend?”
“Hahahaha, anytime!”
Ning Zhi laughed out loud.
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi with a face full of disbelief, this Ning family did not belong to a sectarian family within the Martial Dao Alliance, yet they could casually enter and exit the dungeons within the Martial Dao Alliance?
If that was the case, then this Ning family would be too terrifying!
Looking at Chen Ping’s disbelieving face, Ning Zhi patted Chen Ping’s shoulder, “Brother Chen, the water in the Martial Dao world is very deep, it’s not like what you see on the surface, when you want to go and meet your girlfriend, just let me know, but we’re leaving for Dragon Lock Island tomorrow!”
“Then I’ll go and see her now!”
Chen Ping said eagerly.
“Good, you come with me!”
Ning Zhi nodded!
Chen Ping followed Ning Zhi out of the Dharma Guardian Pavilion, and then Ning Zhi let Gu Kaiyuan and the old man leave first, while Ning Zhi led Chen Ping straight to the Martial Alliance.
“Are we just going in like this?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, could Ning Zhi bring him in openly like this?
“You just follow me, don’t worry about the rest!”
Ning Zhi said, leading Chen Ping down the side of the Martial Union’s alleyway!
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi, wondering how on earth he was going to bring himself inside the dungeon of the Wudao Alliance!
He saw Ning Zhi unhurriedly pull out a metal-like bracelet from his pocket, the surface of the bracelet was covered in patina and looked ancient, as if it had just been dug out from some ancient tomb!
Ning Zhi then mumbled something under his breath and threw the bracelet into the air, and the bracelet grew bigger in mid-air, and a dark entrance appeared inside the bracelet!
Chen Ping looked on in shock, full of surprise and said, “What is this thing?”
“It’s called the Qiankun Circle, rumour has it that it was used by the Third Prince Nezha, this Qiankun Circle can pa*s through the void and reach anywhere you want to go, except that because of the damage, it can only teleport a hundred metres now!”
Ning Zhi introduced.
“One hundred metres?”
Chen Ping could not help but sigh for a moment, although this Qiankun Circle was a good thing, it could only teleport a hundred metres, a distance that was too chickensh*t.