With Ning Caixin’s reminder, the crowd hurriedly got ready, and then slowly fell to the ground!
Having fallen all the way to the ground, the originally black misty fissure had a few greenish glows at the moment!
Ning Caichen saw that the two Ning Clan disciples who had been scouting the way had long since fallen to mush at this moment!
If it wasn’t for the two disciples scouting the path, I wonder how many people would have to fall to their deaths!
Feeling the eerie aura around them, and the greenish light, Ning Caichen and those Ning Clan disciples were all terrified, but only Ning Zhi looked very happy!
“Old Ancestor, this …… here is eerie, like hell, it’s too scary, isn’t it?”
“Let’s just get out of here ……”
Ning Caixin said with trepidation!
“Don’t worry, there’s no danger here ……”
Ning Zhi finished speaking, while walking forwards along the huge crack!
Just as the Ning family members were walking at the bottom of the crack, above their heads, Chen Ping and the three of them had also arrived!
“How did a large crack suddenly appear in this place? It’s like it was split open hard!”
Fire Phoenix looked at the bottomless crack and asked with great curiosity!
“There seems to be a sense of crisis within this crack, I think we’d better leave this place.”
Bai Shao said as she looked at the crack!
Chen Ping, however, did not speak, but looked at the crack and suddenly jumped down in one go!
Seeing this, Fire Phoenix hurriedly shouted “Master, wait for me ……”
The fire phoenix also followed and jumped down, when Bai Qian saw this, she could only follow!
Chen Ping opened his divine sense to the full, his brows slightly wrinkled, although he did not perceive any danger, but Chen Ping had a very depressing feeling inside!
The reason why Chen Ping jumped down this crack was because in this crack, there was a lot of Yin Fury Qi, perhaps this thing was not useful for other cultivators, but it was very useful for Chen Ping!
It was because these were dao lineage baleful qi, not just Yin qi, knowing that what Chen Ping needed most to use the Divine King Bow was dao lineage power.
The reason why that Ning Zhi had entered the crack was also because of that Dao Pattern Fatal Qi, and he also recognised this kind of Fatal Qi!
“This kind of Yin Fury Qi is so strange ah, it doesn’t seem to be the same as the other Yin Fury Qi I’ve seen ……”
Bai Shao said with some doubts!
Soon, the three of them also landed on the ground, looking around at the greenish and ghostly light, Chen Ping’s complexion became more and more gloomy!
“Master, look ……”
At this moment, the fire phoenix shrieked!
Chen Ping and Bai Shao hurriedly looked and found that not far away from them, two people had fallen into mush!
“Someone has come?” Bai Shao frowned as she looked at the two cultivators who had already fallen into mush long ago!
“Someone from the Ning Family ……”
Chen Ping saw it at a glance!
Although these two people were already completely disfigured, the clothes on their bodies could still prove their identities!
Through the clothes, Chen Ping knew that these two cultivators were from the Ning Family!
“You recognise?” Bai Shao asked!
Chen Ping nodded “Sort of know them, the Ning Family crowd was able to find this place and enter this crack, it seems like there should be someone who knows what they are doing as well!”
Chen Ping had come down here running towards the dao lineage fury, after all, the dao lineage fury here was of great use to Chen Ping!
If it was an ordinary cultivator, looking at the bottomless fissure and the Yin Fury Qi, he would definitely not enter rashly!
Now that the Ning Family’s crowd had entered rashly, they must have known that there should be treasures within this crack!
“Master, then let’s hurry up and chase after them, if there are treasures, I’m afraid that they’ve also been obtained by your Ning family’s people ……”
Seeing this, the Fire Phoenix hurriedly said!
Chen Ping nodded, then led Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow forward!
At this time, Ning Caichen, with two of his Ning Clan’s children, was scouting ahead, while Ning Zhi, with the others, was following behind!
Soon, Ning Caichen spotted a flash of spiritual light appearing in front of him, and finally it wasn’t that greenish glow anymore!