“Don’t be afraid, I’m here to help you ……”
Chen Ping actually opened his mouth to speak to the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast!
The Spirit Rhinoceros Beast didn’t seem to listen to Chen Ping, and after a roar, a terrifying aura came towards Chen Ping!
“Bad ……”
When Elder Zong saw this, he immediately screamed out in a bad way, as he knew that the aura of the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast was very terrifying with this roar!
But Chen Ping unexpectedly stood motionless, allowing that terrifying aura to come towards him!
The aura shook the several spell formations constantly, but Chen Ping’s body did not move at all!
Although Chen Ping was only at the first grade of the Transition Realm, his strength was not something that this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast could shake!
The Zong Elder who saw this scene was directly somewhat dumbfounded!
“Is this …… this the first grade cultivation of the Transitional Appearance Realm?”
Elder Zong’s face was filled with disbelief!
The Spirit Rhinoceros Beast saw that a roar was of no use to Chen Ping, so it backed up its stance with the intention of crashing towards Chen Ping!
“I will not harm your child ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he gently waved his palm and a soft light sprinkled down on the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, and then around the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast’s body, a halo was formed!
And as Chen Ping’s mouth continued to recite the Heart Cleansing Mantra, the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast slowly quieted down, and the scarlet in its eyes was slowly disappearing!
“What’s going on?”
Seeing this scene, Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix were also a little confused!
The Spirit Rhinoceros Beast completely quieted down, and under the wrapping of that halo of light, it began to continuously exert itself to give birth!
With a hiss from the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, a small Spirit Rhinoceros Beast was then produced!
The Spirit Rhinoceros Beast continuously licked its child, with the appearance of a gentle mother, where was the frenzied appearance it had just had!
Chen Ping looked at the quieted down Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and slowly walked out from within the spell formation!
“What is this …… situation?”
Seeing Chen Ping come out, Elder Zong asked with a puzzled expression!
“I seem to know why these Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts committed suicide ……”
Chen Ping said with a grave expression!
“Why?”
Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow asked in unison!
“Because there is an unsearchable baleful aura, which is almost imperceptible, but this Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts are exceptionally sensitive to scents, that’s why they were disturbed by this baleful aura.”
“Just now when I blocked that baleful aura with my spell, the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast immediately quieted down, so it seems to be the cause of this baleful aura.”
“I felt a strange aura at the beginning, but there was no way to be sure, and it was only when I had just entered the spell formation and that Spirit Rhinoceros Beast let out a roar and emitted a terrifying aura that I was able to capture that baleful aura.”
Chen Ping carefully explained!
“Fatal Qi, why didn’t I feel it?”
Bai Qian froze, with her current realm, it was said that if Chen Ping had detected it, she shouldn’t not be able to detect it ah!
Elder Zong’s face was also full of doubts, “Fatal Qi? It shouldn’t be, although there is baneful aura within the Valley of the Undead, there is a formation blocking the middle, there is no way for baneful aura to enter the Spirit Beast Valley.”
“Let’s go, let’s go take a look, maybe we’ll know ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked towards the outside of the cave!
Fire Phoenix and the others hurriedly followed, then followed Chen Ping towards the Undead Valley!
After leaving the cave, Chen Ping could not detect the baleful aura anymore, but still walked towards the Undead Valley!
Once again arriving at the Valley of the Undead, looking at the skeletons all over the ground, as well as those motionless Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts, Chen Ping slowly walked in!
When Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow wanted to follow along and go in, they were stopped by Chen Ping.
“You guys don’t come in, there must not be any other scents in this place right now.”
Chen Ping was afraid that the aura from Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow would cover up the faintly undetectable baleful aura!
Chen Ping entered the Valley of the Undead, and the thick Yin Fateful Qi around him instantly surrounded him!