But just as the Jiang family members were about to move, they saw Wu Liuyi directly lead his men to surround the Jiang family members!
“Jiang Zhengzhong, none of you will be able to leave!”
Wu Liuyi said as he turned to Jiang Zhengzhong.
“Wu Liuyi, what are you trying to do? My Jiang family and your Wu family have no enmity, what are you stopping me for?”
Jiang Zhengzhong asked furiously at Wu Liuyi.
“Jiang Zhengzhong, you killed Sun Yaobang painfully, now you want to escape, how can it be that easy!”
Wu Liuyi said with a face full of cold intent.
“You …………” Jiang Zhengzhong was pointing at Wu Liuyi, he was about to die of anger, but now that he had no hands, he couldn’t do anything to Wu Liuyi!
“Jiang Zhengzhong, today is the day of your death ……”
Red Phoenix dragged his heavily injured body and led the men of Red Phoenix Hall to surround Jiang Zhengzhong’s group of Jiang family members as well!
“Master, you go, I’ll lead the men to hold them back …………”
Old Liu, the butler, said to Jiang Zhengzhong.
“Old Liu, you have to pay more attention!”
Jiang Zhengzhong barked at the butler Old Liu.
Steward Old Liu nodded before he burst out, “Kill …………”
In an instant, the Jiang family crowd rushed outwards to kill, and two Jiang family experts escorted Jiang Zhengzhong right outwards!
“Red Phoenix Hall people listen to the order, don’t spare a single Jiang family member, kill them all ……”
Red Phoenix was wounded, but his voice was still sharp!
“As ordered ……”
The people of the Red Phoenix Hall roared and copied their weapons to meet the Jiang family members in battle.
“I, the Wu family, have also come to help the scene ……”
When Wu Liuyi finished, he waved his hand and the Wu Clan instantly joined the battle group and attacked the Jiang Clan!
And Wu Liuyi himself stopped Jiang Zhengzhong, following the two Jiang family experts who were covering Jiang Zhengzhong to stand up against each other!
In an instant, the whole venue was awash with swords, wailing and wailing, with limbs and arms everywhere and blood flowing everywhere!
The other clans were so frightened that they all hid far away from each other, as these few clans were fighting, it was better for them to hide as far away as possible, so as not to be affected!
Outside the venue, listening to the deafening shouting and killing sounds in the venue, as well as the wailing sounds, Gu Ling’er couldn’t help but look towards Li Shouyi!
“Pavilion Master Li, we …………”
Li Shouyi didn’t wait for Gu Ling’er to finish before shaking his head, “We are only responsible for the periphery, don’t worry about what happens inside, after today, the whole provincial city is afraid that the sky will change!”
Gu Ling’er didn’t say anything, but she could see that her eyes were full of anxiety, she was afraid that Chen Ping and Su Yuqi might be in danger inside!
The fight went on for ten minutes, and under the joint efforts of the Red Phoenix Hall and the Martial Family, almost all of Jiang’s family members were killed and injured. Looking at the corpses on the ground, Jiang Zhengzhong’s face was full of grief and anger, but there was nothing he could do, his body’s energy had all been sucked away by Chen Ping, and he still had no way to recover.
At that moment, Chen Ping came back, carrying Master Bu Dou in his hand, who had long since lost his immortal appearance and was like a dog in distress, his head bowed in fear!
Looking at the corpses on the ground, Chen Ping had already guessed what was going on, and threw the Master of Confusion towards Jiang Zhengzhong, directly to his feet!
Looking at that appearance of the Bewildered Master, Jiang Zhengzhong knew that he was afraid that he would not escape death today, even his greatest reliance, the Bewildered Master, was like this, then his fate could be imagined!
“Are you still running away?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at the downcast Master Fuzzy.
“No, no more running away, as long as Master Chen lets me go, I am willing to follow Master Chen’s side and offer the thousand-year ginseng to Master Chen!”
Master Bu Dou shook his head hurriedly.
“With this bit of skill, you still want to follow me?” Chen Ping snorted coldly and looked at that Master Bu Dou, “If I kill you, that thousand-year ginseng will still be mine, so why should I let you go? Not to mention that you have killed many people with these demonic techniques!”
As Chen Ping said that, his palm gently lifted up, ready to swing down with a slap!