“Miss Zhu, who are these people?”
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Qingxiu and asked!
“These are people from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, all of them are my mentors and brothers!”
Zhu Qingxiu said!
“Senior brothers? Didn’t you say that the Ten Thousand Swords Sect was destroyed?”Chen Ping was a little surprised!
Why were the senior brothers still fighting?
According to the fact that the Ten Thousand Swords Sect had suffered such a catastrophe, the remaining senior brothers should be more united ah!
“I also thought that our Ten Thousand Swords Sect had been wiped out, but I just met them, and that middle-aged man is our eldest senior brother, Fan Xianbo.”
Zhu Qingxiu kept that Fan Xianbo, then continued, “He wanted me to take out the Jade Secrets, I didn’t take it, so they did it.”
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately understood, these people from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect wanted to get the Jade Slip Secrets from Zhu Qingxiu.
Chen Ping had also read the Jade Briefing Secrets at that time, it was indeed a good thing.
“How did they know that you have the Jade Briefing Secrets on you?”Chen Ping asked!
“I just ran into them and I let my mouth slip when I was happy, now it seems that a few of them are probably traitors of our Ten Thousand Swords Sect!”
Zhu Qingxiu said with an angry face!
“Senior sister, meals can be eaten indiscriminately, but words can’t be spoken indiscriminately, you’re the traitor.”
“And who is this guy? A tiny seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, meddling in our Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s affairs?”
Fan Xianbo said with a grim face!
“It’s none of your business what realm I’m in! The matters of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, I’ll pipe in if I want to, and I don’t care if I don’t want to.”
“What are you shouting about? You look like a traitor.”
“If you were called Fan Xian, you would still appear to have some righteousness, but if you were called Fan Xianbo, that would be a proper traitor’s name!”
Chen Ping was cursing at Fan Xianbo!
Since these guys had made a move on Zhu Qingxiu, even if they were from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, Chen Ping was no longer polite!
Fan Xianbo was also cursed by Chen Ping with a dumbfounded look on his face, he did not expect Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the seventh rank of the Transitional Abstraction Realm, to dare to abuse himself like this?
“Kid, are you out of your fucking mind? You, a seventh grade minor cultivator of the Transition Realm, dare to abuse me like this?”
“Do you know that I am a Mahayana Realm cultivator, the two of us are not on the same level.”
Fan Xianbo looked at Chen Ping with a shameful smile on his face.
“Senior brother, this is just a loose cultivator who wants to flatter our senior sister.”
“Senior sister is really inviting, her face is ruined and there are still men standing up for her.”
“When senior sister wasn’t injured, she was indeed a great beauty too!”
The few senior brothers behind Fan Xianbo also roared with laughter!
A small cultivator of the seventh grade of the Transition Realm could not raise their attention at all!
Moreover, looking at Chen Ping’s appearance, he didn’t want to be some kind of dignified son, he was obviously just a loose cultivator!
Since it was a loose cultivator of a low realm, they had nothing to fear!
But they seemed to have forgotten how that sword awn had just forced them back!
Could a seventh rank of the Transitional Succession Realm be able to erupt a sword awn of that much power?
“You guys are too much, as senior brothers, the Ten Thousand Swords Sect is already like this, and you guys are still snooping on the Jade Secrets.”
“And you even made a move on me, your senior sister, if Master, his old man, was here, he would have definitely put all of you in a water prison.”
Zhu Qingxiu glared angrily at Fan Xianbo and the others.
“Senior sister, master is dead beyond death, I watched him swallow his breath with my own eyes, even his divine soul went up in smoke, it’s impossible for him to come back to life.”
“You’d better obediently take out the jade secret scrolls and give them to me, so that I can revive the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, and I can still anoint you as an elder in the Ten Thousand Swords Sect.”
Fan Xianbo said to Zhu Qingxiu with a cold smile on his face!
“There’s no way I’m giving it to you!”Zhu Qingxiu had a firm face!
“Senior sister, you have to think clearly, this guy should be your man, right? You’re all disfigured and he’s still willing to stand up for you, proving that the two of you have been sleeping together for a long time.”
“If you don’t want your man to die, then be obedient and I can let you two go and double date then!”
Fan Xianbo threatened Zhu Qingxiu with Chen Ping’s life.