The old Sect Master’s analysis was correct, Huo Dong was relying on the Divine Flame Seal to perform this technique, and that Huo Dong was on the verge of a breakthrough at the moment!
Listening to the words of the old Sect Master, Zhu Ling looked at Chen Ping nervously, then shouted, “Junior Brother, be careful, that Huo Dong is likely to break through the Mahayana Realm, you must be careful ah ……”
The light curtain could not isolate the sound, so Zhu Ling’s voice was clearly heard by Chen Ping!
Hearing Zhu Ling reminding himself, Chen Ping then turned his head to look at Zhu Ling with a smile and said, “Thank you senior sister for reminding me, even if he really breaks through to the Mahayana realm, I’m not afraid, I’m going to beat him up until he cries out for his father ……”
“Kid, suffer death ……”
Huo Dong’s face turned red with anger as he listened to Chen Ping’s words!
The black mist continued to diffuse, wrapping Chen Ping in his entire being!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was grasping the Dragon Chopping Sword, looking at the silky black mist that kept gathering around him, Chen Ping chopped out with a sword!
The black mist was actually directly chopped off, which caused Chen Ping to be slightly stunned!
However, very quickly, the black mist slowly gathered again from the place where it was chopped off!
“This is not mist …………”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
He had just swung his sword and knew that the black mist that filled the air in front of him looked like a mist, but it was not a mist at all!
But just as Chen Ping was pondering, suddenly from within the black mist, a huge black claw came towards Chen Ping, accompanied by a creepy ghostly cry!
The slender claw, heading straight for Chen Ping’s heart, looked like it was going to kill Chen Ping with a single blow.
When Chen Ping saw this, the Dragon Sword in his hand was swung down in a smooth manner, and the claw was directly chopped off and then fell to the ground!
But after the claw fell to the ground, it instantly turned into a black mist and disappeared!
But the next moment, more sharp claws came towards Chen Ping, the Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand kept waving, as long as it cut off these sharp claws, these sharp claws would once again turn into black mist!
Seeing this, Chen Ping struck out with two balls of Supreme Fire, he knew that these things were afraid of Supreme Fire, so he could just burn them with fire!
However, after the two balls of fire were struck, they were instantly silent and were all sucked away by Huo Dong’s Divine Flame Seal!
“There really is something about this gong method ……”
Chen Ping was covered by countless black mists, in addition to that mournful ghost cry, he also had to be attacked from all directions from time to time!
No matter how Chen Ping fought back, there was no way to kill the things within the black mist!
As Zhu Ling watched everything, she instantly tensed up, it seemed that it was really like what her father had said, in a moment, Huo Dong’s attack would come as a surprise!
“Dad, give Junior Brother an idea, what can we do?”
Zhu Ling was anxious!
It was so hard to see Chen Ping, she was his little fan, if Chen Ping died like this, she would be sad!
The old Sect Master looked at the battle in front of him, but smiled faintly and said, “Don’t worry, don’t you see that Chen Ping has a good plan, he is just playing along with that Huo Dong right now!”
“No matter what tactics that Huo Dong uses, that Chen Ping doesn’t seem to care very much, he should have already had a plan in mind.”
Chen Ping indeed has a bottom in his heart, he still has a trick that he didn’t use, that is the soul of the Divine Flame Seal, although Huo Dong is holding the Divine Flame Seal and also recognised it as his master, but it’s not useful at all, it’s nothing more than an empty shell!
As long as Chen Ping sacrificed the seal soul of the God Fire Seal, then the God Fire Seal will immediately to his hands, and will also take the initiative to recognise the owner!
After all, Chen Ping had subdued the spirit of the seal, and the spirit of the seal was the foundation of the Divine Flame Seal!
Chen Ping had not yet taken out the spirit of the seal because he wanted to play with Huo Dong!
At the same time, he also wanted to see what was so powerful about this Ghost Face Sect!
Chen Ping’s two clusters of Supreme Flame had just gone silent, so he once again exploded his entire body, emitting a large amount of Supreme Flame flames!
This time, Chen Ping’s entire body was like a fireman!
And after the surrounding black mist encountered the Supreme Fire, it unexpectedly retreated backwards from Chen Ping’s circumference!