When Chen Ping realised that something was not quite right with the Red Cloud Demon Lord, he looked at his own palm and was instantly startled as well!
I don’t know when, but that statue had turned into a living human being at this moment!
This person was holding a jade slip in his hand, wearing a Xiu Jin robe, and looked very young!
Only, this person’s body seemed to be unable to move, and was still being held by Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was startled and directly threw it out, dropping the person to the ground!
“Ignorant youngster, you should drop me? Hurry up and put me on top of that cushion.”
That person roared at Chen Ping with a face full of anger!
Chen Ping sized up the man with a puzzled look on his face and said “Who are you? Who am I to listen to you?”
“Furthermore, judging by your age, you are not much older than me, how dare you address me as a junior?”
“I am the Sect Master of the Wuji Holy Sect, I have lived for tens of thousands of years, so what’s wrong with addressing you as a junior?” The man glared at Chen Ping in exasperation “After becoming an Immortal, one’s appearance can be changed at will, how dare you still rely on appearance to tell your age, you are simply ignorant to the core!”
“Crap …… “Chen Ping was staggered!
The Patriarch of the Wuji Holy Sect who had lived for tens of thousands of years?
This could indeed address Chen Ping as a junior!
Chen Ping hurriedly placed the Patriarch of the Wuji Sacred Sect on top of the cushion!
Just after sitting on it, as if relieved, the Patriarch of the Wuji Sacred Sect began to be able to move his hands slowly, and immediately after that, the Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid that Chen Ping had managed to freeze with great difficulty was actually absorbed by the Patriarch of the Wuji Sacred Sect at the moment!
“What are you doing? This is my ……”
Chen Ping was shocked, what he had managed to get with great difficulty was now going to be sucked away again!
Chen Ping wanted to stop it, but found that he could not move at all!
He watched as the Immortal Qi Ice Cube was absorbed by the Sect Leader of the Peerless Saint Sect!
Chen Ping wanted to cry without tears!
“Hahaha, the old man has finally recovered.”
The Patriarch of the Peerless Saint Sect stood up and laughed crazily!
Chen Ping then saw this and said “You absorbed my Immortal Qi Ice, what are you going to compensate me for?”
“What is yours?” The Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch looked at Chen Ping “That Immortal Pool is all mine, how did it become yours?”
Chen Ping was speechless all of a sudden, it was indeed someone else’s, Chen Ping had no way to refute it!
“Bring the things!”
The Patriarch of the Wuji Sacred Sect said as he beckoned towards Chen Ping!
“Bring what?” Chen Ping stared blankly!
“The scroll!” The Wuji Holy Sect said!
“What scroll? I don’t have it!”
Chen Ping pretended not to know at all!
That scroll was the suppression item of the Wuji Holy Sect, it must be a good thing, Chen Ping could not afford to hand it over!
Only to see the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch wave his hand, the scroll unexpectedly flew out of Chen Ping’s storage ring and landed in the hands of the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch!
“Ignorant, if the devil within this scroll is accidentally released, not to mention you, even the entire Celestial Realm will disappear.”
The Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch snorted coldly!
“All of the Celestial Realm will disappear?” Chen Ping was taken aback before looking at the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch and asking “Then was this Celestial Realm opened up by your Wuji Sacred Sect?”
The Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch nodded and said “Not bad!”
Chen Ping was even more surprised, it seemed that this Wuji Sacred Sect was really something!
“Why did your Wuji Sacred Sect open up the Celestial Realm? And why were you all exterminated?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“Junior, you talk too much, you won’t understand even if I tell you.”
“Remembering that you helped me by mistake, I’ll reward you with something.”
After the Wuji Holy Sect Patriarch finished speaking, he flung the jade slip catch in his hand to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping took the jade slip and found that it had the Wuji Sacred Sect’s inheritance on it, and on the other side of the jade slip, the words Wuji Order were written.
“What is the use of this thing?”
Chen Ping wondered!
“This records the inheritance of my Wuji Sacred Sect on it, and since you are not a disciple of the Wuji Sacred Sect, this inheritance is not all of it.”
“And this is also a Wuji Order, when you ascend to the Heavenly Realm, you can use the Wuji Order to find my Wuji Saint Sect to help you with three things.”
The Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch said!