“Undying Space ……”
Long Xiao immediately shouted, lifting his palm, and a wave of black Qi instantly covered the area above them all, forming a unique space!
After this space was formed, those Dragon Family experts felt a burst of relief and stood up from the ground one after another.
“Let’s power up together ……”
Long Jingguo ordered to those Dragon Family experts.
Soon, a stream of Qi energy, with a faint white aura, emanated from each of them, and a dozen of them converged together, following Long Xiao to resist Chen Ping’s mighty pressure!
“Ants regretting an elephant, how dare a grain of rice compete with the sun and the moon?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, his tone carrying an overbearing and incomparable aura.
He saw that golden palm, with unrivalled capital, instantly smashing the barrier that Long Xiao had gathered, followed by a fierce slap down.
Boom!
The ground shook, the heaven and earth shook, and those dozens of experts from the Long Family were instantly slapped to death on the spot, their deaths were unbearable!
Even Long Jingguo’s face was unsightly at this moment, his Qi and blood surging upwards!
Long Xiao, on the other hand, was grim-faced, not daring to imagine that Chen Ping’s strength had become so terrifying!
Long Wu and the Four Villains also drew a cold breath backwards, not expecting Chen Ping’s strength to be so domineering.
“Chen Ping, you have the ability to fight me and kill some underlings, are you very accomplished?”
Long Xiao said coldly to Chen Ping.
“I gave them the chance, but unfortunately they don’t know how to cherish it, so they will have to die!”
Chen Ping sneered, “I can also give you a chance now, let go of the girl you captured, and I can spare your life too ……”
“Impossible ……”
Long Xiao shouted explosively, his face becoming more and more gloomy, the anger on his body was climbing rapidly, and then the black and gold on his body was swelling.
Long Xiao’s figure was growing larger and larger, and in the endless night sky, it seemed like countless dark substances were continuously converging towards Long Xiao’s body.
“Go to hell ……”
Long Xiao shouted, followed by a fist smashing towards Chen Ping!
Long Xiao’s speed was extremely fast, plus his entire body was wrapped in black mist, his entire body was like being invisible in the darkness.
Chen Ping only felt a strong wind hit him, followed by a black seal that smashed into Chen Ping’s chest fiercely!
Boom!
This punch caused the void to explode and heaven and earth to shake.
Even in a simple punch, it had to have the force of ten thousand catties, capable of bursting a small mountain!
“Chen Ping ……”
“Mr. Chen ……”
When Long Wu and the Four Villains saw Chen Ping being struck by a punch, they could not help but voice out in worry.
But at that moment, a golden light flashed, followed by a palm that glittered with golden light, which viciously smacked Long Xiao’s face!
Slap!
A crisp sound that even traveled more than ten miles!
Long Xiao’s body was directly jerked out of the way and his entire body fell heavily to the ground, while Chen Ping was motionless, his face expressionless.
The corners of Long Xiao’s mouth were covered in blood as he climbed up from the ground, a hint of fear in his eyes in addition to anger!
The burning pain on his face made Long Xiao not dare to take the initiative to attack for a while.
“If you’re afraid, then I’ll make the first move ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
The words had just fallen, only to see Chen Ping’s body disappearing abruptly, only to see a golden stream of light streaking across the night sky, heading straight for Long Xiao.
When Long Xiao saw this, he hurriedly was body was covered by black mist, layers of black mist began to solidify as if it was a piece of armour, wrapping Long Xiao’s body tightly.
“Looks like I have to step in, otherwise it will be hard for you to survive today ……”
The soul inside Long Xiao spoke up.
Chen Ping’s strength was now long above Long Xiao’s, if the fight continued, Long Xiao would die in Chen Ping’s hands sooner or later.
Only to see Long Xiao’s eyes roll up, followed by a steep change in his aura!