“Just leave it to me ……”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently as his entire body’s aura instantly erupted before he clenched his fist!
The golden light above his fist flashed as if it was a piercing sun!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
A fist slammed out, and a huge fist shadow headed towards Wei Tianya!
With this punch, Chen Ping actually directly shattered Wei Tianya’s palm!
Wei Tianya was slightly stunned, and only after the real fight did he realise that Chen Ping, a Fifth Grade Cultivator of the Transition Realm, was not the same following the seeming strength!
“Kid, you killed Elder Tu, and that Huo Dong with your strength of the Transitional Appearance Realm, you really do have some real skills.”
“However, the people you killed are from my Ghost Face Sect, so you must give me an explanation ……”
After Wei Tianya finished speaking, a buzzing sound resounded in the sky, followed by a void vortex appearing, quickly condensing a huge ghost face!
This ghost face was the size of a small mountain and was constantly twisting, moreover, the pair of eyes of the ghost face seemed to possess life as if they were constantly gazing at Chen Ping, as if they wanted to see through him!
The others all lowered their heads under the gaze of these eyes, as if they had already been seen through and had no secrets to speak of!
An invisible pressure continuously emanated from that ghostly face!
Every cultivator felt as if their bodies were being pressed by mountains and rivers, and breathing became incredibly difficult!
Some cultivators with low strength had begun to be unable to withstand it and fell to the ground with a plop!
Even Elder Yu and the rest of them had ugly faces as they struggled to support themselves!
The appearance of this ghostly face caused the entire Purple Flame Sect to be shrouded in might!
That powerful, domineering, terrifying aura caused everyone to not dare to make the slightest movement!
The old Sect Master’s face was also unsightly.
The eyes of the crowd were filled with terror, none of them dared to raise their heads to look directly at the ghostly face!
Only Chen Ping tilted his head, not a trace of panic could be seen in his eyes!
“Good boy, quite the backbone ……”
After Wei Tianya finished speaking, a monstrous pressure came straight towards Chen Ping!
The large swathes of houses and ground around them could not withstand this pressure and sank down one after another!
Chen Ping’s body, on the other hand, stood straight, without a hint of bending, and even his eyes did not dodge a bit!
At the same time, the Divine Flame Seal in Chen Ping’s hand erupted with an aura of flame, resisting this pressure!
Chen Ping had the Divine Flame Seal in his hand, which was why he was so calm!
In fact, Chen Ping had one more thing to rely on, and that was the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
If it really came down to a matter of life and death, then he would go out on a limb and let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch take control of his body again!
Now that Chen Ping had the Divine Flame Seal, the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch could appear in this world under the shelter of the Divine Flame Seal!
There was no need to hide in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, not enough to only appear in the flame breath of the Divine Flame Seal!
Otherwise, if the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s residual soul was exposed in this heaven and earth, he was afraid that it would go up in smoke!
In a confined space, or in the sea of consciousness, the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch could move around!
Seeing that Chen Ping was holding his head up without the slightest bit of fear, Wei Tianya then manipulated the ghostly face to continue applying pressure!
Boom!
Chen Ping only felt that his breathing was also starting to shorten, his entire body was a little stiff, and it felt like the entire sky was pressing down on him!
This indescribable power caused the bones in Chen Ping’s entire body to rattle, but Chen Ping still stood!
One could only see Chen Ping gritting his teeth, his eyes crimson, the tempering of his fleshly body manifested itself at this moment!
The various spiritual forces within his body were continuously operating, and the flame aura in the Divine Flame Seal was also continuously erupting, resisting this pressure for Chen Ping!
“Kid, the flame breath in this Divine Flame Seal can help you cultivate, so don’t waste it here, just let me go out and take care of it for you.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said after Chen Ping!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was now eager to leave Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness and dash between the real heaven and earth!