“You are sure to die if you stay, and there is also the possibility of suffering insults, you absolutely cannot stay.”
“Now you leave immediately or it will be too late ……”
Ikh said with a serious face!
“Yi Hyuk, do you still dream of letting others escape? The entire Demon Emperor City is surrounded by me, who can escape?”
After finishing his speech, the Lich King raised his incomparably large foot and ruthlessly stomped down!
Rumbling …………
As if it was an earthquake, the entire Demon Emperor City shook with it, and the defence formations outside the Demon Emperor City unexpectedly fell apart in an instant under this foot of the Knight King!
Yi He saw this, his face became ugly, but there was nothing he could do, the strength of this Knight King had exceeded his imagination!
The two of them were at the same Transition Realm fourth grade realm, although there was a gap, it wasn’t particularly large.
But now, that Knight King had awakened his beast soul, and this time, the gap in strength between Ich followed the Knight King had widened!
Just when IH was at a loss for words, suddenly a stream of light seemed to fly quickly from the sky!
When the stream of light came closer, they realised that it was actually Chen Ping!
Seeing that Chen Ping was fine, Yihe and the others all cheered up!
And that Knight King stared at Chen Ping and gave a cold snort “Kid, you actually haven’t died yet, then I’ll be sending you on your way ……”
After the Knight King finished speaking, the runes lit up again and a ball of light appeared again!
Seeing this scene, Yi He and the others tensed up again, fearing that Chen Ping would be knocked out again!
Just as the ball of light slowly appeared, Chen Ping took out the God King Bow without any panic!
The Divine King’s Bow was flashing with streaks of golden light!
When King Li saw Chen Ping take out the God King Bow, he then said disdainfully “What’s the point of you taking out the God King Bow, you can’t pull it either ……”
“Who says I can’t pull it?”
Hearing this, Chen Ping grasped the bow with one hand and pulled the bowstring with the other!
Along with the bending of the Divine King Bow, the bowstring was pulled!
Seeing Chen Ping pulling the God King’s Bow, the Knight King was directly dumbfounded, not even caring about the ball of light he had condensed into!
“How is this …… this possible?” The Knight King was filled with disbelief!
He had tried many times, and the God King’s Bow could not be pulled at all, or even moved at all!
But Chen Ping, a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, was able to pull the Divine King Bow, this was too outrageous?
Along with the pulling of the Divine King’s Bow, an arrow of light appeared, and golden light continued to converge towards the arrow of light from the Divine King’s Bow from all around!
Even the ball of light that King Li had condensed into was instantly dispersed, and all the light gathered on top of the arrow of light!
Everyone who saw this scene was dumbfounded, the aura emanating from the light arrow on the Divine King’s bow made everyone tremble with fear!
Feeling the terrifying aura of the Divine King’s bow, panic began to form in the eyes of the Knight King, and his huge figure continuously retreated backwards!
In the end, the Knight King even turned around and began to run, completely disregarding those of his men!
The Li King, whose figure was like a mountain, turned around and ran backwards, making the tens of thousands of generals behind him unable to dodge in time, and were directly trampled to death by the Li King, who did not know how many of them!
“Dad …… dad …… wait for me ……”
Seeing this, Li Xing desperately chased after the Knight King, but he was injured and walked with a limp, where could he catch up!
That Elder Qi could only pull Li Xing and run desperately!
Looking at the fleeing Knight King, Chen Ping’s eyes were flat and uninteresting, and his hand, which was drawn full of the God King’s Bow, suddenly loosened!
Buzz …………
The light arrow instantly cut through the void and headed towards the Knight King.
A blazing flame burned on the light arrow, Chen Ping had actually laid the Origin of Fire on it while shooting the God King Bow!
Sensing the dangerous aura behind him, the Knight King hurriedly looked back!
When he saw the arrow of light dragging a long flame coming, the Knight King panicked a little!
This was an arrow of light shot from the Divine King’s bow, he simply couldn’t withstand it!