Especially the speed of the flow of time, some days people feel that time passes very quickly, and other days it feels like it passes very slowly!
These were all felt time flow rates, but these were only accidental, wanting to be able to feel the time flow rate at all times, that was not generally difficult!
“This time never stops, it feels like it’s all flowing at the same rate, how could it be possible to feel fast or slow?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, his expression very difficult!
But if one could not feel the flow of time, then it would be very difficult to open this time magic weapon, not to mention, to make time go back!
Now, in order to find out what kind of people massacred the Blood Spirit Valley, the only way to find out was to rely on the time magic weapon in Chen Ping’s hand!
Chen Ping felt like his head was going to explode, so he walked to the window and quietly opened it outside!
There was a tree outside the window, and under the moonlight, the shadows of the tree were reflected into Chen Ping’s room!
Chen Ping looked at the shadows of the large tree in the room, every leaf was clear as day!
Chen Ping watched quietly, mesmerised for a moment!
Soon, Chen Ping realised that amongst the shadows of these leaves, there was a leaf that was constantly changing!
The shadow of this leaf was becoming a leaf from a tender shoot!
Chen Ping hurriedly looked at the large tree, only to see that on one of the branches, leaves were constantly starting to grow!
Chen Ping watched in awe as the leaves grew, from a tiny shoot, then into a leaf, and then withered and fell off!
The leaves on this one tree branch cycled in this manner!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, watched the leaves change, and seemed to have an instantly deeper sense of time!
All the way to the cause, the moonlight disappeared and the sun rose high!
The sunlight shone on Chen Ping’s face, causing Chen Ping to brighten up, he seemed to know something!
The clock Chen Ping held in his hand radiated light, and the hands on it began to reverse rapidly!
Chen Ping only felt as if his soul had entered a time vortex that was constantly being drawn in!
Soon, Chen Ping felt that all time around him had stood still, and he slowly opened his eyes!
He found that he was actually floating in the sky above the Blood Spirit Valley!
And at this moment, in the Blood Spirit Valley, a burst of shouting and killing sounds rang out, and a blood aura filled the air!
Chen Ping discovered that the numerous disciples of the Blood Spirit Valley were fighting a group of people to the death!
And amongst this group of people, Chen Ping surprisingly discovered Cheng Jinghui of the Blood Spirit Peak, Luo Shouhai’s senior brother!
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with astonishment, he really did not expect that the person who had slaughtered the Blood Spirit Valley to death would be the work of the Blood Spirit Peak, which followed the same clan and sect as the Blood Spirit Valley!
This was simply unbelievable, if not for Chen Ping’s time regression, no one would believe that all of this was true!
As Chen Ping watched, the people of Blood Spirit Valley were slaughtered!
Cheng Jing would order people to clean up the scene and hide their breath!
Just as this was done, Cheng Jing would suddenly look up at the sky, he always felt that there was a pair of eyes staring at him!
Only for them all to not see it, they could only quickly leave with the people from Blood Spirit Peak.
Not long after the people from the Blood Spirit Peak left, the people from the five great sects arrived!
They also left after only a short stay!
Everything followed what that Patriarch Luo had said!
“Mr Chen, Mr Chen …………”
Chen Ping felt someone shouting at him!
Chen Ping felt his soul pulling back at a rapid pace, instantly returning to his main body!
Suddenly, he opened his eyes and realised that he was still in the room, Luo Shouhai was calling out to him with Luo Xi and Jin Dong!
“Luo Gu Master ……”
Seeing that it was Luo Shouhai, Chen Ping let out a long breath!
If someone had just made a move on him, he was afraid that there would be no way for him to dodge!
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong with you, you’re not even moving?”
Luo Shouhai asked in confusion!
“I …………”
Chen Ping hesitated, he didn’t know if he should tell Luo Shouhai the truth!