Lan Yingying said as she pointed to the thick white mist on the side of the main hall!
A few cultivators looked at the white mist, and each one of them had a difficult look on their faces, it looked like they knew the power of that illusionary formation!
“Since you don’t have the courage, then leave, you can’t go in.”
Lan Yingying said, turning around and entering the large hall!
The few remaining cultivators looked at each other in disbelief!
As for Chen Ping, who was not far away, when he heard Blue Yingying’s voice and looked at the mist on that side, he was instantly ecstatic inside!
He was still worried about how to enter, now there was a way!
Chen Ping walked towards that mist without hesitation!
But who knew that Shen Ji Zi chased after him, pulling Chen Ping down and saying “Fellow Daoist, please don’t, this illusion formation is not an ordinary existence, you can’t go in.”
“As far as I know, there is not able to pass through that illusionary formation to enter the Guanghan Palace it, many people have died in it, there are various combinations of formations in this illusionary formation, some people are trapped in it for the rest of their lives and can’t get out of it, you mustn’t try it!”
“I’m not an alarmist, if I didn’t see that you were generous and gave me so much money, I wouldn’t have told you, didn’t you see those few cultivators, all of them didn’t dare to give it a try?”
Shen Ji Zi persuaded Chen Ping, not allowing Chen Ping to enter the illusion formation!
Chen Ping looked at Shen Ji Zi, but is a slight smile, “I know some formation art, even if I can not pass, want to come out or no problem ……”
“I can remind you, if you are trapped in it at that time, it has nothing to do with me.”
Seeing Chen Ping’s insistence, Shen Ji Zi loosened his grip!
Chen Ping nodded and then walked towards that illusionary formation!
When the few cultivators at the entrance saw Chen Ping walking towards the illusion formation, each of them was filled with shock!
Even the few female cultivators of the Guanghan Palace at the entrance looked at Chen Ping in shock!
“It seems like this guy doesn’t know the power of the Illusion Formation and even dares to try it.”
“It’s been many days since anyone went to the Illusion Formation to give it a try, so we’ll have a good show again today.”
“That illusion formation is the Palace Master’s excuse to make those cultivators who came to Guanghan Palace privately know what to do.”
A few Female Cultivators of the Guanghan Palace discussed!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, did not hesitate to walk into the illusion formation and his figure disappeared in an instant!
“Hey …………”
Seeing Chen Ping’s silhouette disappeared into the illusion formation, Shen Ji Zi sighed “What a good person ah, he must still have a lot of money on his body, it’s really a pity, before entering the illusion formation, the money on his body to give me how good ah!”
Shen Ji Zi turned out to have been thinking about the money on Chen Ping’s body, if the person died in the illusion formation, then the spirit coins on his body would be useless!
Shen Ji Zi turned around and was about to leave!
But at that moment, there was a mist that went straight up to the sky in that illusion formation!
Shen Ji Zi froze, staring blankly at the illusion formation!
Even the few cultivators and female cultivators at the entrance had their mouths wide open and were filled with shock!
“How is it possible that this broke the outer array of the illusion formation?”
Shen Ji Zi said with disbelief!
Chen Ping had just entered the Illusion Formation and had broken the outer formation of the Illusion Formation, directly entering the core area of the Illusion Formation, this speed was also too fast!
There were quite a few that were able to break the outer formations of the Illusion Formation, but there was none that were as fast as Chen Ping!
“How is this …… possible, didn’t that guy just enter?”
“It’s outrageous, it’s only in the blink of an eye that the outer formation was broken, is this guy a formation master?”
“Even if he’s a formation master, it’s useless, he’s there’s no way to break the core of the illusion formation, just wait to be trapped inside.”
“If there’s no way to break the outer array, there’s still a possibility of getting lost, now that he’s entered the core of the illusionary array, he’s just waiting to get trapped inside.”
A few Broad Cold Palace female cultivators chattered!
At this time, Lan Yingying quickly walked over, her eyebrows slightly frowning, “What’s going on? Those guys really entered the illusion formation?”