Pill God Valley!
Chen Ping had been waiting here with Ge Yuhan for many days for Xu Changsheng’s herbs!
Every day was torturous for Chen Ping.
But fortunately, Gu Ling’er had left the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map in the Pill God Valley.
Chen Ping could cultivate with the help of the Nine Miles of Mountains and Rivers Map!
On this day, Chen Ping opened the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map once again and his divine sense instantly entered it!
A biting cold wind howled, but it was nothing compared to the dense spiritual energy!
When he entered, Chen Ping did not immediately enter the cultivation state this time!
Ever since he had obtained the 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers map, Chen Ping had not used it several times before giving it to Gu Ling’er and Xiao Ru!
Chen Ping hadn’t really gotten to know the diagram!
Every time you enter, you will change the scene, this kind of can use the space technique to a chart, how awesome should that be!
Chen Ping stepped on the snow and slowly walked forward for a distance, but there was really nothing here but a snow-covered landscape!
Just as Chen Ping was about to cultivate in place, he noticed that not far away, there was smoke!
“Could there be someone here?” Chen Ping was astonished for a moment, “Is this the real world?”
Chen Ping hurriedly headed towards the smoky place, and when he walked in, he discovered that it was actually a hot spring!
It was so strange that there was a hot spring in the middle of this frozen land!
Chen Ping looked at the steaming hot spring water and finally couldn’t help but take off his clothes and soak in it!
There was no one here anyway, it was just an illusory space, so Chen Ping had nothing to fear!
Sitting in the hot spring, Chen Ping immediately felt a stream of incomparably pure spiritual qi drilling towards his body.
Chen Ping was overjoyed, he did not expect that the spiritual qi in this hot spring was much purer than the spiritual qi of heaven and earth here!
Chen Ping immediately closed his eyes to cultivate, and his Heart Condensation Skill began to run!
Pure spiritual qi spread through Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s entire body was wrapped in spiritual energy, as if he was sitting in a cloud, and then the spiritual energy poured into his dantian!
Endless spiritual qi continued to flow into his body, and Chen Ping’s cultivation level was quietly changing!
I don’t know how long it took, but a violent knock on the door woke Chen Ping up straight away, and when Chen Ping opened his eyes, the body in the hot spring instantly disappeared!
But just after Chen Ping’s body disappeared from the hot spring, the sound of two women fighting got closer and closer!
When the two girls arrived at the hot spring, if Chen Ping was still there, he would have been surprised to.
For these two girls were no other than Han Qing’er and Qiu Ju!
And this place that Chen Ping had been brought to by the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers Map was not some illusory space, but the Zhen Secret Realm of the Eight Great Secret Realms, the place where the Thunder Gate, the Purple Sky Mansion, was located!
This was the place that was snow-capped all year round, and the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, which changed spaces every time it was cultivated, was actually just a changed secret realm.
Because the environment of each secret realm was different, so every time Chen Ping cultivated, it was like a different place.
This 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers map was really a teleportation map for the eight secret realms, only now Chen Ping didn’t know about it!
“Sister Qiu Ju, today you should also soak in this hot spring, it was me who caused you to be seriously injured last time.”
Han Qing’er said to Qiu Ju with an apologetic face.
“Eldest Miss, don’t joke about it, this hot spring is not something that we underlings can soak in.” Qiu Ju waved her hand repeatedly and then said, “Eldest Miss, let me take off your clothes for you ……”
Just as Han Qing’er took off her clothes and entered the hot spring, her entire body suddenly froze and her brows furrowed.
“Eldest Miss, what’s wrong?”
Qiu Ju saw this and asked in a panic.