After Tong Youcai and his mother left, Tong Ocean’s expression turned cold!
“Could it be that breaking the law will really suffer the wrath of heaven?”
Tong Ocean looked dully out of the window, looking at the azure sky!
Even if they don’t ask about worldly affairs and are secluded and purified, it is still as difficult as ascending to heaven if they want to become immortals and Buddhas ……
Even though they have become gods in the eyes of ordinary people, only they know that!
They are still a long, long way from being true gods!
At this moment, Tong Youcai, who had already walked out of the room, happily said to his mother, “Mom, see, this is the opportunity, our chance has come!”
“This time I’ll definitely beat that Tong Youcai to the punch, in the future the Heavenly Thunder Sect will be mine!”
“But you have to hurry up and follow Uncle Wang’s words, so that he can transform my genes before you do!”
Tong Youcai’s mother looked at her son and nodded, “Don’t worry, I’ve already taken care of your Uncle Wang, you can modify your genes anytime you want, and your Uncle Wang has said that he will support you.”
“Hahahaha, great, with Uncle Wang’s support, even if Tong Youcai is more capable, this Heavenly Thunder Sect will be mine sooner or later.”
Tong Youcai laughed out loud with excitement.
“Son, you just boasted in front of your father, how are you going to deal with that person who injured your big brother?”
“If he can injure your big brother, it proves that he is not weak, you are definitely no match.”
The woman asked with some concern.
“Mom, don’t worry, I have inquired all about it long ago, that guy called Chen Ping is not that strong, it’s just that big brother was lightly defeated and got injured!”
“That Chen Ping was already beaten by big brother to the point of no return, if it wasn’t for the appearance of the Pure Yang Sect, that guy would have been brought back long ago!”
“And there’s an even more important thing, that Chen Ping should be an evil cultivator.”
“As long as I capture him, learn his evil cultivation technique, and with the addition of genetic modification, I’m afraid that no one in the entire Hidden Realm will be my opponent.”
“By then, that Tong Youcai will only be a resource for my cultivation ……”
Tong Youcai’s eyes shone with endless greed, it seems his ambition is not only for the Heavenly Thunder Sect!
“But how are you going to get the Pure Yang Sect to hand over the man?” The woman continued to ask.
“I just need to inform the other sects about the Pure Yang Sect harbouring evil cultivators, and when the time comes we will go together to demand the people, I’m sure the Pure Yang Sect will hand them over.” Tong Youcai smiled faintly and said.
“Good then, I will go and tell your Uncle Wang to accompany you, I have secretly accompanied him for so many years, it is time for him to repay us mother and son!”
After saying that, Tong Youcai’s mother left in a hurry!
And Tong Youcai’s eyes were flashing with endless greed …………
…………
Pure Yang Clan!
Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, looking at the clean and tidy room, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed!
Because he couldn’t remember where he was!
He could only remember the moment before he fainted, and then nothing else!
Slowly getting up, Chen Ping moved his body and found that there was no major damage, followed by his spiritual energy swimming around inside his body and found that it was also unobstructed!
“Where the hell is this? Who saved me?”
Chen Ping muttered, trying to open the door and walk out!
But just as he opened the door, he collided with a clingy figure following him!
“Sorry ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly apologized!
And the figure was none other than Liu Rui, who was carrying a bowl of lotus seed soup in her hand and ended up scattering it all over Chen Ping!
“You …… you’re awake, I’m so sorry!”
Liu Rui hurriedly wiped Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping looked at Liu Rui and recognized at a glance that this was the girl of a man and a woman who had been on the sidelines during the battle between him and Tong You Gong!