Not only Sikong Zhen, even Chen Ping became interested when he heard that this Protector Gong knew where the Immortal Qi was!
Originally, he had planned to kill this Gong Guardian, but now it seemed that he could not kill him yet, he had to let him lead himself to the location of the Immortal Qi!
“Alright, I promise you, but if you dare to lie to me, I’ll let my father bring people to destroy you.”
Sikong Zhen finally agreed to Protector Gong!
After all, the lure of Immortal Qi was just too great for him!
“Just with you wanting to kill me, aren’t you a little out of your depth?”
When Chen Ping saw that Sikong Zhen even dared to agree, he could not help but sneer!
“Hmph, whether or not you are unself-important, you will only know if you try!”
Sikong Zhen snorted coldly, and a longsword instantly appeared in his hand!
Only to see Sikong Zhen’s long sword shake, countless sword awns shot out from that long sword!
As Sikong Zhen made his move towards Chen Ping, that Gong Guardian was not idle either, only to see his brows furrowed, and from the centre of his brows, he unexpectedly squeezed out a few drops of essence blood!
A few drops of essence blood floated in mid-air, emitting a strange bloody odour!
Then it was seen that inside Protector Gong’s stomach, it was as if there was movement writhing, and Protector Gong’s expression started to become hideous!
Wow …………
Protector Gong suddenly opened his mouth, and from his mouth unexpectedly crawled out countless poisonous insects, which headed towards those drops of essence blood!
It was as if there were countless poisonous insects in that Protector Gong’s body that had been constantly crawling outwards!
At this moment, Sikong Zhen was already fighting with Chen Ping!
The longsword in his hand was constantly swinging out sword awnings, launching attacks towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, absentmindedly fending it off!
Chen Ping’s gazes all fell on that Protector Gong’s body, even though Chen Ping had seen a lot of things, he still did not know what this Protector Gong was doing and why so many poisonous insects were gushing out from his body!
“Mr Chen, this is the Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison, right now it looks like worms, soon these poisonous worms will disappear, the poisonous worms will dissolve into the entire void and will not be detected at all.”
“This Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison will not only poison people, but also eat away at their souls, even if it is an immortal’s soul, it can’t suffer, and eventually become a walking corpse.”
“I heard a long time ago that this kind of Golden Silkworm Compassion Disappeared, but I didn’t expect that there are still people keeping it, this kind of thing that has to be kept in the host’s body, every month it has to suck the host’s blood, every time it is extremely painful, so very few people are keeping these Golden Silkworm Compassion Disappeared.”
In the sea of consciousness, Ochre Yan followed Chen Ping and introduced!
When Chen Ping heard this, he also could not help but sweat, he did not think that there would be someone who would raise the poisonous insects in his body, it was simply outrageous!
After those Golden Silkworm Compound Poisons had sucked up the essence blood of Gong Gong’s protector, one by one, they began to become transparent, and in the end, they even disappeared!
Chen Ping knew that these poisonous insects had not disappeared into thin air at all, but had died and dissolved into the void!
If it wasn’t for Ochre Yan’s timely reminder, it was possible that Chen Ping would have been caught!
When those Golden Silkworm Compound Poison disappeared, Chen Ping was already prepared, and after forcing Sikong Zhen back with his sword, his figure violently retreated backwards!
Seeing this, Sikong Zhen thought that Chen Ping was afraid of himself, and immediately said with a cold smile on his face “Kid, aren’t you a bully, why did you run away?”
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to Sikong Zhen, but instead stared at that Gong Protector to death!
After releasing those Golden Silkworm Compass Poison, Protector Gong’s eyes were filled with pain and reluctance, but in the end, he turned around and ran away!
When Sikong Zhen saw that Protector Gong even turned and ran, he was a little confused for a moment, he had clearly forced Chen Ping to retreat, how could Protector Gong still run away?
Just as Sikong Zhen was unable to understand, he suddenly felt his body tighten, and immediately after, it was as if something was gnawing away at his divine soul!
Sikong Zhen’s expression became very grim, and the pain was a hundred times more intense than the physical body!