“It should be a misunderstanding, we will investigate this matter once again, I hope you all will calm down.”
Patriarch Luo took the initiative to show weakness and apologise!
As for the Lion King and the others, they were just talking in anger.
They couldn’t really hitch all of the Beast Race and follow the five great clans to fight for their lives just for this matter, could they?
“Since Patriarch Luo has apologised, then this matter is in the past, and I can also guarantee that Mr. Chen definitely didn’t kill the Five Sons of Jie.”
“If Mr Chen really did, my Sheng family is also willing to take the blame, at the disposal of your five great sects.”
Sheng Bushi spoke peacefully from both sides, after all, a fight would not be good for anyone!
“Patriarch Luo, the matter of the Five Sons of Manjie is over, I would like to ask, what is going on with our Blood Spirit Valley?”
Luo Shouhai asked to Patriarch Luo!
Chen Ping and the others had come to ask about the Blood Spirit Valley, but now they were being bitten back by those five great clans.
“Didn’t I already say that, when we went, all of the people from the Blood Spirit Valley were already dead.”
Patriarch Luo said!
“Then who killed them?”Luo Shouhai asked!
“How would I know, I have haven’t seen the murderer.”
Patriarch Luo said!
“Then how can you prove that the people from the Blood Spirit Valley weren’t killed by someone from your five great clans?”
“Just now, you guys have been falsely accusing us of killing your Human Jie Five.”
Bai Shao coldly snorted and said!
“There’s no way to prove it, and if you guys don’t believe me, there’s nothing I can do.”
Patriarch Luo had no way to prove it, and he didn’t need to!
This was in the five great sects, in their own territory, there was no need to prove it to anyone!
Not to mention that they didn’t kill them, even if the Blood Spirit Valley was really destroyed by them, in their own territory, they were not afraid at all!
With the strength of Chen Ping and these people, it was still impossible to shake the five great sects!
Patriarch Luo’s words once again made the atmosphere tense!
“I believe in Patriarch Luo’s words, the Blood Spirit Valley should not be the work of the five great sects.”
Chen Ping suddenly spoke up when the atmosphere was tense!
“If it wasn’t the five great clans that did it, then who could it be?”
Bai Shao asked!
“When we go back, we’ll be re-checking, this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast looking for this place, it should be because the five great sects ended up appearing in the Blood Spirit Valley that the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast picked up the scent.”
“It is true that the five great sects have no reason to slaughter the Blood Spirit Valley.”
Chen Ping said!
“Since it was all a misunderstanding and the misunderstanding has been cleared up, let’s not be hostile.”
Sheng Bushi stepped forward and said!
Patriarch Luo, on the other hand, waved his hand for all the people from the five great clans to walk out of the hall!
Only a few of their sect masters were left behind, and this was also to ease the atmosphere!
“Family Master Sheng, the misunderstanding is cleared up, they can leave at any time, but I do have something I would like to ask Family Master Sheng for.”
Patriarch Luo said to Sheng Bushi.
“If Patriarch Luo has something to say, just say it.”Sheng Bushi said!
“The formations around our five great clans have also gone through so many years, I hope that since Sheng Family Master is here, can you help strengthen them?”
Patriarch Luo was trying to get Sheng Bushi to help strengthen the formations!
“Of course I can, our Sheng family has followed the five great sects for so long, this little matter is no problem.”
Sheng Bushi agreed very quickly!
After all, the five great sects purchased a lot of talismans from the Sheng family every year, which allowed the Sheng family to be able to survive!
How else would the Sheng family have so many resources!
Sheng Bushi agreed to stay behind to strengthen the formation, and Chen Ping and the others followed suit, choosing to stay for the night!
After all, the Sheng family had a lot of conflicts with the Ye family, so if Sheng Bushi stayed alone, he would be in trouble if he encountered any danger when he returned!
The Lion King and the four of them left, after being locked up for several days, they had long been concerned about their territory!
As night fell, Sheng Bushi began to strengthen the formations for the five great clans, while the others rested early!
Intending to leave early tomorrow morning, before setting off together to rush back!