And that Jue Yuan looked at the distant sky, his face changed and changed, and finally he actually opened his mouth wide directly, his body trembling slightly!
“The power of faith, this is the power of faith …………”
Jue Yuan looked incredulously at the overwhelming power of faith.
“What? How is that possible?”
Shi Yan also looked at Chen Ping in shock!
While Chen Ping revealed a cold smile, followed by his body leaping up and instantly suspended in mid-air!
The overwhelming power of faith directly enveloped Chen Ping, and a large amount of faith power entered Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping, whose spiritual energy was nearly depleted, was instantly filled up within his dantian, and the vast amount of faith power was stored within Chen Ping’s body, waiting for him to refine it!
After absorbing all the power of faith, Chen Ping’s body slowly fell to the ground, exuding that transformed aura!
Jue Yuan was dumbfounded, completely dumbfounded!
He had never seen such a huge amount of faith power before!
He didn’t know where Chen Ping had gotten such a large amount of faith power from.
“Who the hell are you ……? How could you have such a huge amount of faith power?”
Jue Yuan asked incredulously at Chen Ping.
“Would you believe me when I say that I am a god of a country?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“You are nonsense, you are but a mere Martial Saint, how can you deserve the word god!”
Jue Yuan simply did not believe what Chen Ping said, how could a fifth grade Martial Saint be a god of a country.
“Even if you don’t believe me, now it’s time for you to taste the power of my faith ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping leapt up with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand.
A brilliant sword mane rose up to the sky, followed by a blast towards that Buddha!
The mountain-like sword mane ruthlessly cut down on that Buddha, who without the slightest resistance, instantly turned into nothingness!
At this moment, a few hundred metres away from the Kuchan Temple, a man and a woman with flying swords were looking down at what was happening in front of them!
“Senior brother, who is this man? It’s obvious that he is only a fifth grade Martial Saint, but the strength he exudes is afraid to exceed that of a Martial God, and that sword just now, I’m afraid it would be hard for you and me to resist, right?”
The girl asked with some incredulity.
“Hmph, those were all just false moves, just that sword just now, I could easily block it, with a fifth grade Martial Saint’s cultivation, even if he was capable, he couldn’t possibly emit strength that exceeded that of a Martial God!”
“But just now, those terrifying faith powers were absorbed by this man, that’s why that sword just now made you mistakenly believe that it possessed the strength to exceed that of a Martial God.”
The man snorted coldly, with a condescending face, clearly despising Chen Ping’s sword!
“Liu Xing, this son was able to absorb so much faith power and still be able to cut a sword maneuver of Martial God strength, that means there must be something superior about him, I wonder when this condescending nature of yours will change?”
At this moment, several figures appeared in front of that man and woman, and the leader of them was a white clad, graceful youth!
“Tong Yougong, why did your Wind and Thunder Sect also come here?”
Liu Xing asked as he looked coldly at the white-clothed youth.
“This isn’t your Pure Yang Sect’s territory, why can’t I come?”
“You are here for that power of faith, of course I am too ……”
Tong You Gong said with a playful smile.
“Senior brother, stop saying that ……” The girl tugged Liu Xing, intending to stay away from this Tong You Gong!
“I haven’t seen you for many days, Miss Liu Rui has become more and more beautiful and attractive.”
“It’s just a pity that when you enter the Pure Yang Sect, you can’t get married and enjoy the pleasure of being a woman!”
Looking at the girl, a few lustful smiles surfaced on Tong You Gong’s face.
“Tong Yougong, you are f*cking looking for death ……”
Liu Xing frowned and was about to make a move!
But he was pulled by Liu Rui, and finally turned away from that Tong You Gong!