“What is the God King’s Bow?”
Ning Zhi asked to Ning Caixin!
Ning Caichen froze, then frowned slightly and said “Old Ancestor, you don’t know about the Divine King’s Bow?”
Ning Zhi hurriedly explained “I’ve been asleep for so many years, I don’t remember many things ……”
Ning Caichen didn’t suspect anything, so he said “This God King’s Bow is an ancient artefact, rumoured to have been used by Hou Yi to shoot the sun, and fell from the heavenly realm to our Celestial Realm, many years before the God-Devil War!”
“There have always been legends of the Divine King’s Bow in the Celestial Realm, but not many people have actually seen the Divine King’s Bow… The person who obtains this bow will surely be able to become the lord of a domain, or even the master of the entire Celestial Realm.”
“………………”
Ning Zhi quietly listened to Ning Caixin’s words, his heart was also very shocked, he didn’t understand how this Chen Ping could come to the Celestial Realm not long ago and obtain this kind of supreme divine weapon!
However, Ning Zhi also felt that this rumour was a bit exaggerated, also used by Houyi to shoot the sun, Houyi shot the sun with the Sun Shooting Bow, the existence of the third ranking of the top ten weapons in the ancient times!
Ning Zhi in the secular world, is also considered to be well read, or understand some!
However, seeing the fear that these people had for that Divine King’s Bow could also prove that this Divine King’s Bow was also a very powerful weapon!
At this moment, power surged within Chen Ping’s body, and with one hand on top of the bowstring, he slowly pulled the God King’s Bow!
“Open …………”
Accompanied by Chen Ping’s explosive cry, the God King Bow unexpectedly don’t Chen Ping directly pulled it full!
A burst of terrifying aura was like a storm that began to sweep towards the demonic cultivator in front of him!
On top of that God King Bow, an arrow of light appeared, not just one, but countless arrows of light, each carrying an unrivalled aura!
Brush …………
Chen Ping’s hand gently loosened, and the countless arrows of light transformed once again in the void, directly becoming overwhelming, turning into a blaze of light that could not even be distinguished from the feathers of the arrows!
This piece of light, shrouded all the demonic cultivators in it, and above each light arrow, it carried a shocking and overpowering fierce aura!
It was as if there were countless fierce ghosts, waving their teeth and claws!
“Where the hell is this Houyi’s bow and arrow that shoots the sun, this is clearly a weapon used by the demon race.”
Ning Zhi said with his eyes slightly glazed over!
Knowing that Ning Zhi was also considered to be half of the Demon Race, right now, on top of this light arrow, it was filled with Fury Qi, and when Chen Ping pulled the God King’s Bow, he was also using the Dao Pattern Fury Qi within his body!
Ning Zhi was very familiar with this kind of aura, but he really couldn’t figure out, what kind of person was this Chen Ping? Why could he have multiple auras within his body?
At this moment, countless arrow feathers were piling up towards Qi Peijia and the others!
At this moment, the faces of all the demonic cultivators changed drastically, and one by one, their legs trembled!
There were even more devil cultivators who directly sat on the ground in fear!
This kind of terrifying feeling was something they had never experienced before!
To know that Chen Ping was only a fellow of the first grade of the Transition Realm, they had casually taken out a person who was higher than Chen Ping’s realm!
But now they were being scared by Chen Ping to the point where they were about to piss their trousers!
“Run ……”
“Help, this guy is not human ……”
“Wait for me ……”
The many devil cultivators no longer dared to follow behind Qi Peijia, even that Liu Xueyi was rolling around trying to escape!
However, Chen Ping was determined to kill at this time, there was no way he would let these people escape, otherwise the news that he possessed the Divine King’s Bow would be leaked out!
Countless arrow feathers carried with them a baleful aura, as if they were sweeping like the waves of the sea!
The entire area within a few miles was filled with white light, like a torrential downpour, falling crazily!
These demonic cultivators simply had no way to escape, and no place to escape to!
The moment Chen Ping struck, he did not want to let them live!
Between the heavens and the earth, only the sound of brushing could be heard, as well as the panicked cries of those demonic cultivators!
Puh-puh-puh-puh …………
The arrows fell without any pause, directly penetrating the bodies of those demonic cultivators!
There was no time to scream, and even less time to dodge!