“Second brother, this is the guy who killed big brother, he is right in front of me, what are you stopping me for?”
Qin Xiaotian didn’t understand why his second brother was stopping him from taking revenge for such a good opportunity.
“Have you forgotten what the Long family just said? If you make a move on this boat, won’t that annoy the Dragon Family, but once you get off the boat, the Dragon Family won’t be able to control it, and then maybe the Dragon Family won’t let him go without us? Coming to this kind of place and even bringing a few pretty little girls with him, he is looking for death himself ……”
Qin Xiaoxian looked at Chen Ping and the corners of his mouth lifted up.
Chen Ping had just gone so far as to not give Long Xingxu the slightest bit of face, with the kind of arrogant nature of the Long family, how could they possibly let Chen Ping off.
Hearing Qin Xiaoxian say so, Qin Xiaotian then subsided his anger, and then looked at Chen Ping with a sneer on his face, “Let you kid live a little longer first, when we get to Dragon Lock Island, I want to see how you kneel down and beg for mercy ……”
“Good dogs don’t stand in the way, if you don’t dare to make a move, then get lost ……”
Chen Ping was not bothered, as he pushed Qin Xiaotian away and took Su Yuqi and the girls back to the room!
Qin Xiaotian looked at Chen Ping’s back and fiercely pooh-poohed, “Pooh, let you run wild now, you’ll get a good look later ……”
After saying that, Qin Xiaotian looked at Qin Xiaoxian and asked, “Second brother, is this Long family very powerful? How come I haven’t heard of it? There’s also that Shadowless Villa, Thunderbolt Sect, I don’t think I’ve ever heard of them …………”
Qin Xiaoxian looked at Qin Xiaotian, his face unhappy said: “You spend all day drinking, can know a fart, if not before big brother in front of the Qin family to take care of the Qin family, now the Qin family has long been finished, after I again Qin family land, rarely can come back, the Qin family is counting on you, you give me with snacks …… ”
Being scolded by Qin Xiaoxian, Qin Xiaotian shrank his neck and did not dare to speak anymore.
A few hours of sailing soon came to an end, and Locked Dragon Island was in sight!
Before even boarding the island, the crowd could feel a gust of cold wind hitting them, causing them all to shiver.
Now it was summer, and normally wearing thin clothes would be fine, but at this time, when we looked at the island, it was white, all snow-capped, and the landscape was very peculiar.
“It seems that the legend of this Locked Dragon Island should be true …………”
After seeing Locked Dragon Island with his own eyes, Chen Ping couldn’t help but sigh with emotion.
Soon, the cruise ship docked, and the voice of that Long Xingxu came from inside the radio speaker.
“Gentlemen, this is the Ice Dragon Mountain on one side of the Locked Dragon Island, those who want to board the island from here can get off the ship directly, after that we will go to the other side to board the island, which side you want to board the island from is up to you to choose ………… ”
The ladder was lowered and those who had boarded could get off the ship.
The reason for this is that no one wants to go down from such a cold place, and as far as the eye can see, it is all white, and there are no exotic plants.
Seeing that no one was getting off the ship, the cruise ship was ready to raise the spiral ladder and continue sailing to the other side of the island, but at that moment, Chen Ping appeared at the bow of the ship with Su Yuqi and then walked down the spiral ladder.
At this moment, all the people on the boat were in an uproar and began to talk.
“This guy is crazy, right? Taking three women to board the island from here? Aren’t you afraid of freezing to death?”
“I don’t think these guys want to hunt for treasure, it’s more like a pleasure trip. Who comes here to hunt for treasure and brings three women with them? ……”
“How can people be cold? When it’s cold, a few people huddled together won’t be cold, and they can do strenuous exercise ……”
“D*mn, this kid is so lucky to bring three women at once!”
After the crowd watched Chen Ping take Su Yuqi and the girls off the boat, they were all envious one by one.