As Elder Tu continued to go deeper and deeper, his divine sense was emanating to the extreme!
Right now, he could only know Chen Ping’s approximate location, and in order to capture Chen Ping’s exact location, he still needed to probe with his divine sense!
Although in this magma river, the distance of divine sense emanation would not be too far, but he already knew Chen Ping’s approximate location, so this distance was sufficient.
Just as Elder Tu radiated his divine sense, it was instantly captured by Chen Ping!
“F*ck, this guy came after him so quickly?”
Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly put away his True Flame Dharma Body, his brows furrowed tightly before he quickly headed deeper!
“This fellow is so damn annoying, you are lending me your body, I will slaughter this fellow!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
“Pull back, this fleshly body of mine can’t withstand your tossing and turning, there’s no telling when I’ll be able to recover completely now.”
Chen Ping blankly glanced at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
It was impossible for him to be handing over control of his body to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was also addicted, always wanting to be in control of Chen Ping’s body!
If Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness did not have the Great Luo Golden Code sitting in it, it was estimated that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would have followed Chen Ping to fight for control of his body!
At this time, Elder Tu also detected Chen Ping’s aura, and immediately laughed and said, “Kid, you are only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, and you are still always thinking of fighting with me, you won’t be able to escape, bind your hands and be captured!”
Chen Ping listened to Elder Tu’s words, while he did not say a word, his face was full of gravity as he swam quickly!
Elder Tu on the other hand was chasing after him, Chen Ping had no way to perform the Royal Fire Steps in this Magma River, so that Elder Tu was rapidly approaching Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had used all his strength at this point, and the pain and discomfort caused by his physical body made Chen Ping frown from time to time!
He would never let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch control his body again, the aftereffects were too great!
Noticing the ever approaching Elder Tu, Chen Ping gritted his teeth, his expression very cold!
In this magma river, Chen Ping did not know how many moves he could tangle with that Elder Tu!
Especially with his own fleshly body being damaged right now!
But just as Chen Ping was anxiously swimming forwards desperately, suddenly his body sank, and his entire body fell straight down like a boulder!
Not knowing when, a cliff-like deep pit had appeared in front of him, Chen Ping was not paying attention, and his body fell rapidly downwards!
Chen Ping was shocked and desperately tried to swim upwards, but it was useless!
Chen Ping could only far turn his body’s various spiritual powers to fend off the surrounding flames!
This was getting deeper and deeper, and the flames were getting fiercer and fiercer, and in the end, Chen Ping realised that the flames had turned black and red!
“Hmph, still wanting to evade pursuit by diving deep, thinking too much!”
Elder Tu thought that Chen Ping was diving towards the depths without a care in the world in order to evade him!
Unbeknownst to him, Chen Ping was also defenseless and his body fell straight downwards!
Elder Tu did not hesitate to dive downwards either, no one knew how deep it was!
Chen Ping was passively falling downwards, while that Elder Tu was actively chasing downwards!
The two people were one in front of the other, constantly falling down!
Along with the colour of the flames becoming heavier and heavier, the flames were also becoming more and more violent, even though Chen Ping had refined the Heart of the Earth’s Flame and had sensed the Origin of Fire, he still felt the scorching heat, as well as a feeling of suffocation!
Chen Ping could only desperately emit the Extreme Cold Ice Flame to resist this unbearable feeling of scorching heat!
As for that Elder Tu, he wasn’t feeling too well at this time either, along with the constant dive, the surrounding ghost faces were rotating faster and faster, and a wave of heat began to constantly assault Elder Tu’s body!
Elder Tu frowned slightly, looking at Chen Ping who was still continuously diving, he couldn’t help but curse, “f*ck, is this guy going to seek his own death?”