The Eight Swords of Demon Mountain had no choice but to retreat again, swinging their blades to unleash a flurry of sword lights to fend off Nan Batian!
Boom!
The sword lights shattered in an instant. Nan Batian’s fist crashed down in front of Fusheng and the others, the sheer force carving a hundred-metre crater into the ground!
Fusheng and the eight sword cultivators were flung back by the shockwave, crashing to the earth in a bedraggled heap!
Ming Shao’s brows furrowed, his expression turning grave!
Fusheng wiped the blood from his face, staring in disbelief. He hadn’t expected Li Chunfeng and Nan Batian to be Heavenly Realm cultivators. Though their strength was suppressed, their combat experience and sheer guts were leagues beyond what the Eight Swords could match!
Not to mention, as guardians of the Heaven-Ascending Ladder, Nan Batian and Li Chunfeng had fought countless foes. Their battle-hardened instincts were anything but ordinary, they’d seen every kind of opponent imaginable!
“You lot call yourselves sword cultivators? Don’t disgrace the name…”
Li Chunfeng sneered coldly at the Eight Swords!
With a flick of his wrist, his longsword slashed out, a sword qi tearing the very void apart!
Fusheng’s eyes widened, “Block it…”
He shouted, and the Eight Swords each drew a second longsword from their waists, slashing frantically at Li Chunfeng!
But the sword qi they unleashed shattered the moment it met Li Chunfeng’s, crumbling like glass!
Li Chunfeng’s overwhelming sword qi carved bloody gashes across Fusheng and the others’ chests!
Now wounded, the eight were no match for Li Chunfeng and Nan Batian!
Qian Xiao Han and Huo Zhenfeng watched in stunned silence!
These Eight Swords were Ascension Realm heavyweights, legends in their own right!
Yet they’d been crushed by two people at Chen Ping’s side, and utterly dominated at that!
Fusheng and his crew had lost all will to fight by now, but without Ming Shao’s say-so, they didn’t dare flee!
Li Chunfeng and Nan Batian ignored the Eight Swords, turning their attention to Ming Shao in the distance!
“That little git’s got some nerve, shall we sort him out?”
Nan Batian growled!
“Alright!” Li Chunfeng nodded!
Li Chunfeng swung his sword, a beam of sword light racing towards Ming Shao. Nan Batian followed with a punch, a terrifying force morphing into a ferocious beast charging at him!
“You lot think you can kill me?”
Ming Shao smirked coldly!
His face began to warp rapidly, as if countless souls churned within him!
A withered hand slowly emerged from his body, then crushed the incoming sword light and fist wind with a single grip!
Li Chunfeng and Nan Batian stared in shock, unable to fathom how this seemingly young cultivator wielded such power!
Ming Shao’s expression twisted, black tendrils of aura spreading around him!
This was the malevolent energy of the Dao runes, and within it, countless shrieking ghosts seemed to wail!
An old man in a blood-red robe, hair wild and dishevelled, emerged slowly from the black Dao rune malevolent energy!
His presence radiated an eerie, malevolent vibe!
“Red-Robed Old Ghost, can you take them both out?”
Ming Shao asked the figure!
“One’s easy enough…” The red-robed old man eyed Li Chunfeng and Nan Batian!
“Useless sod, go on then…”
Ming Shao waved a hand, and the Red-Robed Old Ghost shot towards Li Chunfeng!
Li Chunfeng didn’t hold back, slashing out with his sword!
The two clashed instantly, a series of terrifying explosions rippling through the air!
The entire Wuwang Lands seemed shrouded in black mist, plunging into pitch darkness!
“Such potent Dao rune malevolent energy, looks like this Ming Shao’s tied to the Yin Demon somehow…”
Chen Ping, sensing the thick malevolent energy around him, frowned slightly!
He needed to recover his strength fast, no telling how many more powerhouses lurked behind Ming Shao!