“Wrong, I am now at the Third Grade Realm of the Combined Body Realm.”
Chen Ping corrected with a faint smile!
“Even if you are at the third rank of the Combined Body Realm, you are still the same as a mole in my eyes.”
The cultivator said!
“You should be careful and not take the enemy lightly ……”
Shi Tieqiao warned at the cultivator!
“Elder Shi, you are also a great cultivator of the fifth rank of the Harmony Realm, why are you now fearful of a small cultivator of the third rank of the Harmony Realm?”
The cultivator gave Shi Tieqiao a puzzled look!
“You’ll know later why I’m afraid.”
Shi Tieqiao finished speaking and took a step backwards!
The cultivator, on the other hand, walked directly in front of Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, this is the guy that just hurt the tile jar.”
Liu Ruyan pointed at the cultivator and said!
“Good, he wounded Tile Jar once, then I’ll return his sword ten times.”
Chen Ping said with a cold gaze!
“Kid, you’re too wild, I ……”
But before that cultivator’s words could fall, I only saw Chen Ping’s body sway and he was in front of that cultivator’s eyes!
“You …………”
The cultivator was taken aback, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to be so fast!
Before he could react, he saw that Chen Ping’s sword had already chopped over!
The sword whistled up and carried a hint of blaze!
There was no time to react, and the monk’s arm was instantly slashed with a deep wound!
The monk hurriedly retreated backwards, trying to distance himself from Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping would not let him escape, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand was like a fiery snake, cutting out a sword aura around the cultivator!
Finally, Chen Ping stopped, and the cultivator stopped moving!
The crowd rushed to look and found that the cultivator’s body had long been bruised and blood was gushing out!
Before the crowd could react, the cultivator simply fell to the ground!
Even if Chen Ping was at the second rank of the Harmony Realm, he would not have been able to kill a fifth rank, let alone the fact that Chen Ping was now at the third rank of the Harmony Realm, so even if Ji Yun, a seventh rank of the Harmony Realm cultivator, had stepped in, he would not have been able to escape the fate of being killed!
Watching his men being easily killed by Chen Ping, Ji Yun’s face was finally not so relaxed anymore!
Only Ji Yun’s eyes faintly stared, a cold aura in his eyes!
“Kid, you released our Pterodactyl privately, you even beat me up, and now you’re killing my Flying Sky Clan’s men, you simply deserve to die.”
“Now, my Flying Sky Clan and you, will not rest until death ……”
When Ji Yun finished speaking, he roared in anger and suddenly smashed his fist towards Chen Ping!
Ji Yun’s speed was extremely fast, cutting through the air with a white mark, and this punch, without warning, caught people off guard!
Boom!
This punch struck Chen Ping’s body so fiercely that Chen Ping failed to dodge it!
The strength of a seventh rank in the Combined Body realm was unimaginable, and this punch was too easy to even crack a mountain and split a rock!
“Chen Ping ……”
“Mr. Chen …………”
Liu Ruyan and Tile Tank all cried out in panic when they saw that Chen Ping hadn’t dodged and was hit by that Ji Yun’s punch!
And Chen Ping’s body, just like a kite with a broken string, flew straight into the distance!
This punch actually knocked Chen Ping hundreds of metres away!
It showed how powerful this punch was!
Liu Ruyan and the tile jar wanted to go and see how Chen Ping was doing, but they were stopped by Shi Tieqiao and the old crone!
“Hmph, how awesome will I be in the future, is that all, can’t even dodge one of my punches ……”
Ji Yun hit Chen Ping with a punch and instantly his self-confidence exploded!
Liu Ruyan and Tile Tank looked at Ji Yun angrily, wanting to eat Ji Yun up!
“You two don’t need to look at me like that, once I’ve played with this little b*tch, I’ll send you on your way with me ……”
Ji Yun walked towards Liu Ruyan with a cold smile on his face!
Slap …………
Just as Ji Yun was lecherously walking towards Liu Ruyan, out of nowhere, a huge palm suddenly appeared and then viciously smacked Ji Yun on the face!