This fellow was also a newly promoted Martial Marquis after all, his strength was not very strong.
“I am not in the habit of playing son to someone, not to mention that I can take care of my own affairs, so forget about Palace Master Fei’s kindness!”
Chen Ping did not give Fei Qingping any face at all.
Fei Qingping was stunned, he did not expect Chen Ping to reject him.
He knew that there were many people who wanted to worship him as their righteous father, and Fei Qingping was very harsh in choosing his righteous son.
But Chen Ping had rejected him without hesitation, which made Fei Qingping a little surprised.
“Chen Ping, I have a good intention, won’t you think about it?”
Fei Qingping asked.
“There is no need to consider, because even if I take you as my righteous father, you will not be able to help me much.”
“Does your Sacred Beast Palace dare to follow the Kyoto Martial Alliance against it? Dare you follow the Dragon Family against them?”
“Even if the Ning Family of Kyoto came to arrest me, would your Sacred Beast Palace dare to say a word of no?”
Chen Ping looked at Fei Qingping and fired off a series of questions, directly confusing Fei Qingping.
Fei Qingping’s old face reddened because Chen Ping’s words were heartfelt!
Whether it was the Kyoto Martial Alliance or the Dragon Family, or even the Ning Family, they really didn’t dare to offend the Sacred Beast Palace!
If these people came over to arrest Chen Ping, the Sacred Beast Palace wouldn’t dare to stop them!
Fei Qingping also had his own intentions when he wanted to keep Chen Ping and take him as his righteous son.
Ever since he knew that Chen Ping had killed Xiang Chong, Fei Qingping had checked Chen Ping on the Martial Dao Forum.
He knew that Chen Ping had a lot of treasures on him!
Fei Qingping wanted to take the treasures on Chen Ping’s body and keep them for himself without bloodshed!
If Chen Ping joined the Sacred Beast Palace, those treasures would naturally become his, Fei Qingping’s.
Fei Qingping did not expect that Chen Ping would be so ungrateful.
“Since you despise my Sacred Beast Palace so much, then don’t blame me, you killed my righteous son, you have to give me an explanation today before you can do so ……”
As soon as Fei Qingping’s words fell, those Sacred Beast Palace disciples surrounded Chen Ping.
These were all senior disciples of the Sacred Beast Palace, and each one of them was at the Martial Sect realm.
“Palace Master, didn’t you say you wouldn’t take revenge for that Xiang Chong?”
At this moment, Xiao Da, seeing that Fei Qingping was about to make a move against Chen Ping, hurriedly blocked in front of Chen Ping.
Fei Qingping frowned, “Elder Xiao, what do you mean?”
“Palace Master, when I invited Mr. Chen here, I promised then that I wouldn’t bother him about Xiang Chong, but now I’m going back on my word?”
“Even if Mr. Chen doesn’t agree to stay at the Sacred Beast Palace now, we can give him time to think about it, and I believe he can make the right choice.”
Xiao Da fought for Chen Ping’s chance again.
It wasn’t that Xiao Da followed Chen Ping with any friendship, it was just that Xiao Da thought that he had promised Chen Ping and now Fei Qingping had reneged, which made Xiao Da feel that he had broken his trust with Chen Ping!
“Elder Xiao, get the hell out of my way, have you forgotten your status? You are an elder of the Sacred Beast Palace ……”
Fei Qingping roared with a face of anger.
Chen Ping gave Xiao Da a grateful glance, then said indifferently, “Elder Xiao, you’d better get out of the way, today’s matter is none of your business ……”
Xiao Da glanced at Chen Ping in shame, and finally could only bolt away.
Only Fei Qingping could make decisions in the Sacred Beast Palace, and although he was an elder, he simply did not have the slightest right.
“Chen Ping, I will give you another chance, if you can hand over the treasures you are carrying, I can also not pursue the matter of you killing my righteous son.”
Fei Qingping said to Chen Ping.
When Chen Ping heard this, he suddenly laughed, so this Fei Qingping was not seeking revenge for that Xiang Chong, but for the treasure he was carrying.
“If you have the guts, come and get it yourself ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a golden light flashed on his body, and a piece of scales quickly covered Chen Ping’s entire body.
At this moment, Chen Ping was just like a golden fighter.