“It’s time to force that Chen Ping to show himself, I don’t believe that Chen Ping will die so easily ……”
Inside the hall of the Long Family, Long Xiao said with a cold glint in his eyes.
Now that the Kyoto martial arts world was basically considered to be under the control of the Long Family, Long Xiao was now dreaming of Chen Ping showing himself and then killing Chen Ping.
“How do we force him? Should we push his mother out and force him to show himself?”
Long Jingguo asked in disbelief.
He didn’t know what method to use to force Chen Ping!
But there was one thing, if Long Ruotong was brought out, then the entire martial arts world would know that Long Ruotong was still alive and had been imprisoned for over twenty years.
And the secrets that the Long Family wanted to know might be known to others in advance!
“No, isn’t that Chen Ping the head of the Pill God Valley, then we’ll start with the Pill God Valley ……”
The corner of Long Xiao’s mouth lifted slightly, “I don’t believe that if we threaten Chen Ping with the entire Pill God Valley, he will still be able to hide it ……”
“Xiao’er, this Pill God Valley’s pill refining skills are truly unmatched, if we exterminate the Pill God Valley, who will we find to refine pills in the future?”
Long Jingguo asked with a slight frown.
The Pill God Valley was not strong, but it was by virtue of its invincible pill refining skills that made which clan and family, did not dare to touch the Pill God Valley easily.
“Who said I want to destroy the Pill God Valley, we can capture all the people of the Pill God Valley and make them serve only our Dragon Family, and we can also use this to force Chen Ping to show himself, wouldn’t it be better to have the best of both worlds?”
Long Xiao smiled coldly and said.
“Then I will personally bring someone to ……”
Long Jingguo said.
Long Xiao waved his hand, “Such a trivial matter, where is the need for you to step in!”
After saying that, Long Xiao turned towards the hall, a one-eyed middle-aged man sitting there and said, “One-eyed Dragon, you lead the men and bring back the Pill Master of Pill God Valley, and kill all the others ……”
The one-eyed dragon got up and nodded, “As ordered ……”
The aura on this one-eyed dragon was also very strong, having reached the late Martial Marquis realm!
And in the Long Family, there were quite a few such experts, many of whom had recently defected after hearing that Long Xiao had broken through to Martial Marquis and had suffered a lightning tribulation.
They all hoped to learn something from Long Xiao, knowing that it was very difficult to break through such a large realm!
One-eyed Dragon led dozens of people and headed towards the Pill God Valley in great numbers!
At this moment, Chen Ping was sitting on a hill not far from the Pill God Valley with Long Wu!
During this time, Chen Ping always liked to follow Long Wu and sit here, listening to Long Wu talk about something about his mother.
“Uncle Long, did my mother never mention to you guys, about my father?”
Chen Ping now wanted to know who his father really was!
Many people had called him the son of the dragon more than once, and even that Tiger Li Daxian had even said that he was the true body of a golden dragon!
Could it be that his own father was a dragon clan?
Long Wu shook his head, “Eldest Miss has never mentioned it, perhaps she doesn’t want to mention it ……”
Chen Ping stopped talking and looked into the distance, between the vast expanse of heaven and earth, Chen Ping felt as small as a speck of dust!
Just as Chen Ping was following Long Wu at the top of the mountain, the one-eyed dragon had already led his men to surround the entire Pill God Valley.
With such a big commotion, it instantly drew Elder Xu and the Four Villains and all of them out!
When they saw these dozens of people, their faces looked extremely ugly!
These people were all very strong, and each of them had a terrifying aura emanating from their bodies!
The one-eyed dragon grinned as he looked at these people who had surged out.
“I never thought that there would be so many idle people within the Pill God Valley ……”
“I am taking away all the Pill God Valley Pill Masters today, all of you who are Pill God Valley Pill Masters, all of you stand aside so as not to hurt you.”
“Everyone else had better submit, or else they will be killed ……”
The one-eyed dragon exuded that late Martial Marquis aura from his own body as his eyes swept over the crowd on the scene!