But who knew that Zhou Jie’s words would cause Chen Ping to be instantly stunned!
“This is our Demon Spirit Sect secret realm, the space is just this big, those grey and cloudy places are chaotic space, they are not allowed to enter.”
Zhou Jie said after Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi.
“It’s that big?”
Chen Ping was astonished.
This mysterious realm followed the mysterious realm where the Ge Family’s land was located that Chen Ping had gone to, and it was a world away!
Although Chen Ping did not know how big the secret realm where the Ge family was located was, the places he had seen were many times bigger than this place.
“Such a large mysterious realm was still forcibly opened up by using up all of our Demon Spirit Sect’s resources, during that cataclysmic event back then, there was no telling how many sects and families had completely disappeared into the long history, our Demon Spirit Sect was able to be preserved all thanks to this mysterious realm.”
Zhou Jie followed Chen Ping and explained.
Just as Chen Ping and the others were talking, a man dressed in a white tunic walked over, the man was wearing a precious sword around his waist!
Looking at this man, who was graceful and handsome, there was no way to follow the demon race.
“Miss Zhou, isn’t this Demon Spirit Sect of yours full of demons?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise.
Zhou Jie glanced at Chen Ping, knowing what he was thinking, and gave him a blank look and said, “Demons are also human beings, only that their cultivation methods are different, are they all vicious and evil people?”
“Those cultivators who look like they are moral may have done things that are even more disgraceful than us devils.”
Chen Ping was instantly speechless.
“Zhou Jie, you’re back ……”
The man walked up to Zhou Jie and asked in a soft voice.
“En!” Zhou Jie looked at the man with a strong ambiguity in her gaze!
It could be seen that this Zhou Jie liked the man in front of her very much!
This was a moment that P*ssed off Hu Pazzi on the side, except that looking at the man opposite, Hu Pazzi’s image of a bad old man was really no match!
“Is this the man the Patriarch wants to see?”
The man looked at Chen Ping and asked to Zhou Jie.
“Yes, this is Mr. Chen ……”
Zhou Jie nodded, and then said to Chen Ping, “This is our Demon Spirit Sect’s Vice Patriarch, Song Qingping.”
“Mr. Chen, our Demonic Spirit Sect has offended many times in the past, I hope that we can discard our past grudges and cooperate sincerely in the future ……”
Song Qingping said courteously as he extended his hand with a smile on his face.
“I just want to know how much I can get that I need by following your cooperation.”
Chen Ping also extended his hand to follow the other party and shook hands!
Chen Ping knew that in this society, there were no eternal friends, only eternal benefits!
And for the Demon Spirit Sect, which was his first contact, Chen Ping kept an even more vigilant eye!
“That is of course, we will definitely satisfy Mr. Chen.”
After Song Qingping finished speaking, he turned to Zhou Jie and said, “Zhou Jie, take Mr. Chen and the others to rest, I will send someone to inform you when something happens.”
“Okay!” Zhou Jie nodded her head.
Then with eyes full of little stars, she watched Song Qingping leave.
“Humph, little white face ……”
Hu Ma Zi couldn’t help but snort coldly after that Song Qingping left.
Zhou Jie gave Hu Pazzi a fierce glare, but didn’t say anything and took Chen Ping and the others to rest.
As Zhou Jie left, she once again barked at Chen Ping and Hu Pocky, “Remember, don’t run around, and even more so, don’t go to that Chaos Space, it’s all spacetime chaos, going in is certain death ……”
After Zhou Jie left, Chen Ping instantly became interested in that chaotic space, if Zhou Jie had not reminded him so emphatically, Chen Ping would not have been so interested.
“What? You’re interested in that Chaos Space?”
Pocky Hu saw what Chen Ping meant!
Chen Ping smiled faintly and nodded his head.