Demon Emperor City!
Because the Ikh Demon Emperor had escaped, it made Huben very angry!
“Brother Huben, you don’t need to be anxious, that Ikh Demon Emperor is poisoned, he’s the same as a waste and won’t be a threat anymore.”
“That poison of mine, there is no way for anyone else to cure it except with a special antidote!”
Li Xing persuaded to Huben!
“It’s not that I’m afraid that the Ikh Demon Emperor will come back to take revenge, I’m just afraid that Princess Isha won’t be obedient if she knows that the Ikh Demon Emperor has escaped, and if she were to kill herself, wouldn’t I get nothing!”
Huben turned out to be afraid that Princess Isha would kill herself!
The reason why Princess Isha was now obeying him and didn’t dare to resist in the slightest was because the Ikh Demon Emperor was still in his hands and Isha didn’t dare to disobey!
But if she knew that the Ichthus Demon Emperor had escaped, Princess Isha would have no more scruples!
“Don’t worry about this, as long as we don’t say anything, then there’s no way Isha will know about it.”
Li Xing said!
“That’s right!” Huben nodded, then looked at the guards behind him and said “I’m telling you, no one can leak half a word to me about the escape of the Ichthus Demon Emperor, otherwise don’t blame me for being rude!”
“Yes!” All the guards hurriedly replied!
“Princess Isha, I’m coming ……”
Huben revealed a lecherous smile, then couldn’t wait to run towards his mansion!
Upon entering, Huben saw that Princess Isha was already lying on her bed, lying on her side with her back to herself!
He was overjoyed to see Princess Isha lying on the bed of her own accord!
“Princess, I didn’t expect you to be in bed so early, are you anxious to wait?”
“I’ll be right there, I promise to make you want to die ……”
Huben hurriedly took off his own clothes and pounced on the bed at once, any hugged the princess about to do it!
But when he saw Princess Isha’s face, he froze in his tracks!
“How is it you?”
Huben was full of surprise, he couldn’t understand how Princess Isha had turned into Elder Pei’s daughter?
“Huben, you traitor, I will kill you ……”
Yi Yi suddenly pulled out a dagger from her hand and then stabbed viciously towards Huben!
Huben was not at all prepared, seeing Yi Yi trying to kill himself, he hurriedly rolled towards the bed, but his arm was still cut by the dagger with a bloody wound!
Looking at the wound on his arm, Huben was furious and his eyes were filled with rage!
“b*tch, where is the princess?”
Huben stepped forward and smacked the dagger out of Yi Yi’s hand, then grabbed Yi Yi by the neck!
Yi Yi had no room to resist in front of Huben, the difference in strength between the two was too great!
“The princess has long since escaped from the city, don’t you dare to touch her.”
“You beast, you’ll have a bad death ……”
“I pooh ……”
Yi Yi looked at Huben angrily and spat fiercely!
Huben glared at Yi with anger, his eyes filled with scarlet blood!
His best*al nature was aroused and now he had to let it out to do so!
“Damn girl, you let the princess go, I’ll take the fire out of you ……”
Huben said, and with one hand, he pushed Yi onto the bed!
Yi Yi tried desperately to resist, but it didn’t help at all!
Soon Yi Yi was stripped naked and Huben pounced on her!
An hour later, Yi Yi looked at Huben with murderous intent in her eyes!
And Huben was looking satisfied!
“I’m going to fight you ……”
Yi Yi lunged at Huben, followed by a body that was actually expanding rapidly!
Yi Yi was planning to explode herself and follow Huben to the end!
A girl’s innocence was gone, and Yi Yi had no courage to live!
“Hmph, you still want to explode yourself?”
Huben snorted coldly, then slapped his palm down, Yi Yi’s mouthful of blood spurted out and she instantly died violently!
“Princess Isha, no matter how far you flee to the ends of the earth, I will definitely catch you ……”
A ruthless look erupted from Huben’s eyes, then he led his men to chase out of the city and started searching for Princess Isha!