Martial West was unconvinced, but didn’t say a word, but found a seat before starting to eat!
“Martial Family Master, what was that martial gathering that your son just mentioned?” Chen Ping asked curiously.
“Mr. Chen, the Martial Dao Gathering is a convention held by the martial arts families and various sects throughout Jiangnan and Jiangbei provinces, mainly to bring the younger generation of martial artists together to exchange and spar.”
“However, in order to boost the enthusiasm of the younger generation, some pills and precious herbs are awarded to the winners at each Martial Dao Gathering, which is held once a year and is organized by the Pill King Mansion, and the rewards are also paid by the Pill King Mansion.”
“In fact, there are also many treasures and pills for sale at this martial arts gathering, which is also considered a marketing strategy of the Pill King Mansion, to promote their own pills, but over the years, there are indeed quite a lot of participants, and there are often some rare medicinal materials and treasures that appear!”
Wu Liuyi followed Chen Ping in detail as he explained!
“Oh? There’s still such a gathering?” Chen Ping’s heart instantly became interested, “Then I wonder if I can attend?”
“Of course you can, all martial artists from Jiangnan and Jiangbei provinces can participate, but only the younger generation, their age cannot exceed thirty-five years old, like us old men, we can only look on the sidelines!”
Wu Liuyi continued with a bitter smile, “Only if Mr. Chen goes to participate, I’m afraid that the top prize will be yours, and the others won’t have to compete!”
“Hehe, Family Master Wu is overly praised!” Chen Ping laughed.
Hearing this, Wu Xi, who was eating at the side, couldn’t help but roll his eyes, obviously very unconvinced!
“Then when will this martial arts gathering be held?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Wu Liuyi.
“That …………,” Wu Liuyi pondered for a moment, as if he had forgotten what time it was, and asked to Wu Xi, “Wu Xi, the martial arts gathering is still how many days to hold it?”
“A week!” Wusi said without raising his head.
“This child ……” Wu Liuyi glared at Wu Xi before smiling at Chen Ping with an apologetic face!
After eating, under Wu Liuyi’s generous invitation, he must ask Chen Ping to instruct Wu Xi a little, Chen Ping also had no choice but to follow Wu Liuyi to the martial arts arena of the Wu family!
In fact, Chen Ping had already guessed that Wu Liuyi was so respectful and generous to him, so he must have asked him for something!
When he arrived at the martial arts arena, Wu Liuyi turned to Wu Xi and said, “Wu Xi, throw a set of punches so that Mr. Chen can give him some pointers!”
Wu Xi was very reluctant, but he had no choice but to set up his stance!
Only to see Wu Xi’s feet slightly apart, standing in a horse stance, and then stamping his foot so violently that the crowd only felt a slight tremble in the ground, and when Wu Xi lifted his foot, a deep footprint actually appeared on the hard ground!
“The second young master has really reached the strength of an internal energy master, it’s really not easy!”
Qi Bo said in surprise after seeing it.
Those underlings of the Wu family around him also praised, which filled Wu Xi’s face with smugness!
Wu Xi’s set of Eight Extremes Fist was performed with a tiger’s wind, and the strong wind kept whistling, even from several meters away, one could feel the force of that strong wind, and a deep footprint appeared under Wu Xi’s feet!
“Mr. Chen, I still hope you can guide my dog son a little ……”
After Wu Xi had finished a set of the Eight Extremes, Wu Liuyi respectfully said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded, “This set of Eight Extremes Fist is rigid and powerful, it is indeed good, it is just a pity that this increase in strength is at the expense of speed, this set of fist is too slow, you should know that if you can’t hit someone with your great strength, it is just futile!”
Wu Liu nodded his head after hearing this, Wu Xi’s set of punches were indeed fierce and powerful, he had deliberately increased the strength of each punch and kick, so this caused the speed to become slower!