Inside the Imperial City of the Xiao Dynasty!
The two sides had been facing each other for quite a while, with no one making the first move!
“Those who dare to mess with my Xiao Imperial Dynasty will be killed ……”
Xiao Feng could not sit still and raised his arm!
“Kill ……”
Accompanied by killing sounds that shook the sky, countless terrifying auras erupted from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s side!
Boom!
These auras crushed ten thousand troops and were simply terrifying!
The berserk auras exploded and crushed with a mountainous momentum!
Seeing this, the many cultivators of the Demon Sealing Alliance also erupted their breaths at the same time, and a barrier appeared, blocking the attack of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s guards!
“Kill ……”
The many cultivators of the Demon Sealing Alliance also hissed, their voices sounding like thunder as everyone erupted with their strongest battle power!
The melee began!
Boom boom boom …………
Strong auras raged, and in a melee of this level, every strike could cause the heavens and earth to change colour, taking away the life of a cultivator!
The various buildings in the imperial city were reduced to ashes, and the entire imperial city turned into a wreckage in an instant!
Among the hundreds of thousands of subjects, those cultivators who were able to resist the pressure of the battlefield spontaneously joined the fight!
They knew the truth of lips dying and teeth chilling, if the Xiao Imperial Dynasty fell, then their peaceful and free lives would no longer exist!
Ji Yun was protecting Chen Ping at the moment, and his expression was very tense, as he did not know when this horrifying scene would stop!
He could only spell out his strength and strike a shield to protect Chen Ping’s safety to the death!
Chen Ping was extremely weak right now, and if he were to suffer an attack, he would definitely go up in smoke!
At this time, Xiao Yuanshan, who was sitting in a secret room, seemed to have turned a deaf ear to the battle outside, and he seemed to be unconcerned about those subjects and guards who had died!
Meanwhile, at the headquarters of the Demon Sealing Alliance, Zuo Tianzheng, who was watching the melee at the scene, gradually had a smile on his face, because the Demon Sealing Alliance was gaining the upper hand at the moment!
According to the development of this situation to go first, the Xiao Dynasty will be destroyed, to know that they still have a backhand, that is the second prince of the Xiao Dynasty!
If Xiao Jian arrived with his men at this time, the balance of victory would be tilted even more to their side!
“Tenth Highness, after today, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty will also become the power of our Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Zuo Tian was saying after the Tenth Highness with some dejection!
But who knew that the Tenth Highness smiled coldly, “Do you have any lollipops, go find me a few!”
Zuo Tianzheng was stunned, but he didn’t dare to say anything and could only go and find lollipops1
At this time, the melee in the imperial city was gradually coming to an end, one must know that when masters face off, it’s only between one move and one style!
When the battle completely stopped, both sides have each other dead and wounded, but the Xiao Dynasty side of the thousands of guards, most of the dead and wounded, even the Mahayana realm cultivators, also fell more than thirty!
One must know that the Mahayana Realm experts were the mainstay of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and each one of them was precious and incomparable!
At this moment, Xiao Feng looked at the scene in front of him, and his face was already difficult to see!
Could it be that this battle was going to bury all of Xiao Dynasty’s many years of accumulation?
How could he explain this to his father?
Patriarch Zhou, however, had a smiling face at the moment, and Tian Luo and Tian Shi, who were by his side, were also happy!
Although the Demon Sealing Alliance had also killed and injured many people, nearly a hundred of their Mahayana Realm cultivators, and dozens of them, but they didn’t care at all!
He only cared about his own life, as long as he didn’t die!
Not to mention that they still had a backhand!
Elder Chu ran far away when the melee started because of his low realm!
Returning to the battlefield at this moment, looking at the dead and wounded ones, Elder Chu also did not have the slightest expression!
After all, these people were all demonic cultivators, they were all just dogs raised by the Demon Sealing Alliance!
If they die, they die!
Originally, these devil cultivators were also secretly cultivated in the Demon Sealing Alliance, and had never been placed in the open at all!
“It should be almost here ……,” Elder Chu looked at the sky, he knew that Xiao Jian was about to arrive with his people!