Protector Gong was scared, whether it was in terms of strength or playing with poison, he surprisingly realised that he was inferior to Chen Ping!
At this rate, not to mention killing Chen Ping, even his own life would be difficult to protect!
Protector Gong glanced at Elder Fei and realised that Elder Fei was following Elder Miao in a fierce battle, and the strength of the two was considered to be equal, with the strength of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, so it was estimated that it would be some time before he would be able to tell the winner from the loser!
As for his men, they were also following many cultivators in a bitter battle, he didn’t expect that this time when he came across this group of cultivators, they would be so united!
In the past, he had ambushed quite a few human cultivators, and every time, he was able to win, and many of them ran away after fighting each other!
But this time, it was expected to be planted.
At the moment, not far away, there were also bursts of roars of silver red tigers coming from the area, if those silver red tigers were joining the fight, then none of them would be able to run away! .???.
“Elder, withdraw, quickly withdraw ……”
Protector Gong shouted, then turned around and ran!
They simply had no advantage to speak of right now, and could only retreat for the time being, in search of other opportunities!
Elder Fei was also frowning slightly at the moment, he also didn’t expect that within a small human expedition’s team, there was an expert of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm like Elder Miao!
At this moment, Elder Fei also had the intention of retreating, since he could not kill Chen Ping, he had to save his strength first and look for opportunities!
Once they had the intention to retreat, all of these demonic cultivators began to withdraw while fighting!
The Gong Protector even turned his head and ran towards the depths of the mountain range without a care in the world!
Seeing this, Chen Ping stepped out and chased after him with a flash of his body!
Protector Gong originally thought that he had been in the Red Training Mountain Range for many years and was already familiar with it, so it would be very easy for him to get rid of Chen Ping!
However, he found that no matter how much he ran for his life, Chen Ping was like a ghost, always following him!
“Kid, I have no grudge against you, why are you chasing after me?”
“It’s not me who wants to kill you, and since you and I are both pharmacists, can’t you just let me go? If I’m pushed to the edge, I’m not one to be messed with.”
Protector Gong ran and followed Chen Ping with soft words.
He hoped that Chen Ping would let himself go and not chase after him!
“I have no grievances with you, so you made a move to kill me, and now that you realise that you can’t kill me, you start begging for mercy, aren’t you thinking too much?”
Chen Ping said nonchalantly!
“Kid, don’t think that I am afraid of you, I just don’t want to expose too much, since you are in hot pursuit, then don’t blame me ……”
Seeing this, Protector Gong’s figure came to an abrupt halt!
Chen Ping saw that Gong Guardian stopped and followed suit, looking coldly at that Gong Guardian!
“Come out ……” Gong Protector looked to the side!
At this time, from behind the trees on one side, Sikong Zhen slowly walked out!
The reason why Protector Gong stopped was also because he had discovered Sikong Zhen’s presence!
He himself was no match for that Chen Ping, and with the addition of Sikong Zhen, Chen Ping would definitely be helpless!
“Protector Gong, I really didn’t expect you to be chased around by a brat, it seems that my choice to co-operate with you was really the wrong choice.”
Sikong Zhen said with some dissatisfaction as he looked at Protector Gong’s wretched appearance!
He had taken the risk of luring Cai Hongwei away, but he had never expected to end up in this state!
“Prince Sikong, your co-operation with me will definitely not be a wrong choice, now that the two of us have joined forces and killed this Chen Ping, I can give you anything you need.”
“Don’t you just want to get Immortal Qi, after killing this Chen Ping, I can tell you where Immortal Qi exists, I’ve been in this Chilian Mountain Range for many years, there’s no place I don’t know.”
Protector Gong seduced that Sikong Zhen!
Sure enough, when Sikong Zhen heard the words Immortal Qi, there was a hesitant look in his eyes! Protector Gong was scared, whether it was in terms of strength or playing with poison, he surprisingly realised that he was inferior to Chen Ping!
At this rate, not to mention killing Chen Ping, even his own little life would be hard to protect!