The water in the pool was ink-coloured, as if it had been contaminated by poisoning, and it also emitted a gust of insidiously cold air.
“In such a cold place, how come this pool of water has not frozen?”
Gu Ling’er looked at the pool of water that was like ink and was puzzled.
“Look, there’s someone in the pool water ……”
At this time, Xiao Ru shouted in alarm.
Chen Ping and the others looked at the sound and saw that in the middle of the pool water, there was a large raised rock, just the size of four or five squares, but at that moment, on that large rock, there was a human figure sitting on his knees.
“Isn’t this the evil cultivator, how did this kid find this place too? Could there really be a dragon here?”
Zhao Beng recognized the person on the rock and said with some surprise.
At this moment, the man in the suit was sitting cross-legged on top of the rock in the middle of the pool, while around them, a burst of black mist was constantly rising from the pool water, and all these black mist was actually sucked into the man’s body.
Zhao Beng, who saw this scene, was so frightened that his face changed a little, after all, he had never seen such a scene before, it was like the devil had descended.
It seemed that this evil cultivator also suspected that the ice dragon might be in this deep pool, so he was absorbing the cold aura of the pool water to draw it out.
As the man in the suit on top of the boulder not only absorbed the Yin Qi in the pond water, a ripple appeared in the originally calm pond water, followed by layers of waves lapping against the boulder in the middle, as if to voice his discontent.
But the man in the suit seemed unconcerned, still sitting there with his eyes closed, the black fog on his body gathering thicker and thicker.
At this moment, Qin Xiaoxian was hiding behind a rock with his family. They had long since sensed Chen Ping’s arrival, but did not show themselves.
Although it was the best time to show up and kill Chen Ping, as Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai had not followed them and only the people from Shadowless Villa were with Chen Ping, Qin Xiaoxian was sure of killing Chen Ping, but he did not do so.
The main thing now was to draw out the ice dragon and take out the dragon crystal. If Qin Xiaoxian followed Chen Ping to fight for revenge at this time, he would definitely have to consume a lot of energy, and if the ice dragon really appeared then, would it not be cheaper for someone else.
Suddenly, a dragon roar rang out from the pool water, and this roar caused the whole pool water to boil.
With this dragon’s roar, the man in the suit on the boulder opened his eyes and slowly stood up.
As the man in the suit got up, shocking waves rose in the pool water, and only at this time did the man in the suit’s face show a glint of seriousness.
Clatter ……
A sound of water, only to see the pool of water, suddenly emerged from a dragon head, open a bloody mouth only to see towards the man in the suit.
Seeing this scene, everyone was astonished, even Chen Ping could not help but stare in awe, he had never thought that there was really a dragon.
The man in the suit could not help but frown slightly, the whole man stomped his foot, his body suddenly rose into the air, directly up several feet high, trying to avoid the attack of the ice dragon.
But the ice dragon didn’t seem to let the man in the suit go, his whole body also sprang out of the water, and followed behind the man in the suit with its mouth tightly open.
It was only at this time that the crowd could see the full appearance of the ice dragon. The ice dragon’s whole body was actually transparent, as if it was made up of huge blocks of ice, with a body of about five or six feet, and at the head a shining red light, that should be the dragon crystal.
“This is not the real dragon …………”
After Chen Ping saw the full appearance of the ice cold, he immediately realized that it was not a dragon at all, but was condensed by some kind of formation or some kind of spiritual weapon.
Just like Chen Ping’s Dragon Chopping Sword, he was able to use his spiritual power to manifest various shapes of flames, but those were all illusory and not real.