Chen Ping just smiled coldly and was not speaking, the Origin Star was flashing rapidly, the lightning Origin in Hu Er’s body was flowing away at a rapid pace!
When one third of the Origin power was lost, Hu Er still had a cold smile on his face, pretending to be fine!
Without dodging or flashing, the lightning lance was still continuously erupting a ray of lightning towards Chen Ping.
The lightning around Chen Ping’s body continued to produce arcs of electricity, absorbing Hu Er’s Origin Power!
When Hu Er lost half of his lightning essence, he began to panic!
“How is this possible? Just how big is your Origin Space?”
Hu Er looked at Chen Ping with a face full of incredulity!
Ever since he had perceived the Lightning Origin, he had never encountered someone with such a huge Origin Space!
“Hmph, my origin space, that is the universe and stars, endless, just your little origin power, still want to burst me?”
Chen Ping sneered and said!
“I shucks, just brag about it, I think you’re at the end of your rope as well.”
Hu Er did not believe what Chen Ping said at all!
He had never seen an Origin Space that was a universe of stars and rivers.
It was always thought that Chen Ping was bragging!
Hu Er’s lightning origin went even more crazily towards Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was overjoyed, since this guy didn’t believe in it, it was just the right time to absorb all of his Origin Power and make it his own!
Seeing Hu Er’s lightning origin getting less and less, this time, Hu Er completely panicked!
He looked at Chen Ping incredulously, and the lightning lance gradually disappeared.
“You …… you …………”
Hu Er pointed at Chen Ping, his face full of shock.
“Believe it now?”
Chen Ping coldly smiled, and then his body was like a meteor, heading straight towards that Hu Er from above!
Immediately after that, a fist smashed out!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Thousands of golden fist awns shone over the entire earth!
Countless thunderbolts blasted down like a snake of lightning!
The terrifying thunderbolts had enveloped Hu Er!
Hu Er’s eyes were filled with panic, he wanted to resist, but there was not much lightning origin left in his body!
“Brother …………”
Hu Da reacted and swung his palms as a thick black python headed straight towards Chen Ping!
He wanted to save his brother!
Chen Ping ignored the black python before blasting his fist at that Hu Er’s body!
This punch was like a meteorite smashing into Hu Er’s body!
Boom!
After a loud bang, the earth trembled, countless flying sands and stones flew in all directions, and the ground even appeared as a large pit that was too deep to see the bottom!
“Brother …………”
When Hu Da saw this, he immediately let out a roar, followed by the black mist surrounding his body, even the black clouds in mid-air began to continuously surge, as if it was the end of the world!
The black Qi around Hu Da’s body directly condensed into a hundred metre beast in mid-air!
This 100-metre beast was hideous and incomparable, and as it stomped its feet slightly, the entire earth trembled continuously!
The terrifying aura of the 100-metre beast scared the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast into trembling!
The fire phoenix saw the situation, rushed to the rhinoceros beast to tightly embrace in the embrace comforting “Do not be afraid, do not be afraid ……”.
Hu Da manipulated the hundred metre beast and stomped down towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with a flash of ice coldness, followed by thunder clouds in the sky!
Chen Ping then leapt up and reached out and slapped his palm!
A thunderbolt flashed in Chen Ping’s palm!
“Running Thunder Palm ……”
Chen Ping shouted explosively as a palm print that covered the sky appeared, and within the palm print, countless thunderbolts blasted down!
The huge palm print, directly slapped at the hundred metre beast, and the countless thunderbolts caused the hundred metre beast to scatter with a bang, and revert into a mass of black mist!
However, the Thunder Rushing Palm did not reduce its momentum, and was still heading towards Hu Da!
Hu Da’s eyes were wide open, full of shock, instinctively wanted to dodge, but found that the Running Thunder Palm is boundless, how can not avoid!