The others had their minds under control and were not disturbed by the sound wave.
But Anna’s strength was too low, so she seemed to be controlled by the sound wave, and her eyes became lost in thought!
Seeing this, Chen Ping grabbed Anna’s hand and instantly punched a spiritual energy into Anna’s body, causing her to wake up instantly!
When Anna saw Chen Ping grabbing her hand, she burst into laughter, her eyes teasing Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping tried to let go of her, but Anna held on to Chen Ping’s hand for dear life!
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, he didn’t think this Anna had misunderstood!
“Don’t misunderstand, I’m saving you ……”
Chen Ping explained in a small voice.
“I didn’t misunderstand, we are holding hands like this, isn’t it good? Why do we have to let go?”
“Is my hand not white enough, not tender enough?”
Anna’s voice was full of a teasing tone!
This scene could make Hu Pazzi look envious: “Little girl, this guy Chen Ping doesn’t know how to hold hands, why don’t I hold hands with you.”
Anna gave Hu Pocky a blank look and didn’t move to take him on!
But Hu Pazzi didn’t care, if you want to pick up girls, you need thick skin!
Just as Chen Ping and the others were whispering and no one cared about the gang, the old man ringing the bell spoke up, “Daniel, to our left, is there someone there?”
“High Priest, there are indeed six people, four men and two women, presumably from the tour.”
The man with yellow hair said.
“Tourists? Have any tourist’s ever walked here?”
The high priest seemed a little angry.
“High Priest, the strongest person in this group is only a Great Martial Sect, the rest are all of the Martial Sect generation, not tourists, do they dare to come to the training ruins even with this strength?”
Daniel hurriedly explained.
“So there are still great martial clans around, it seems that I have miscalculated ……”
With that, the High Priest resumed ringing the bell, and this time, a bell with spiritual energy reached Chen Ping’s ears before it began to desperately attack Chen Ping’s divine sense in their minds!
This time, it was clearly much more powerful than the first time, and Chen Ping was about to force the sound wave back, but it stopped instantly!
If they now forced the sound wave back again, without being controlled in the slightest, then their true strength would definitely be suspected by the other side.
So Chen Ping gave a wink, and all of them understood, and immediately pretended to be controlled, their eyes were dumbfounded!
That Anna, on the other hand, was truly mind-controlled, with no lustre in her two eyes!
This time, the corners of that High Priestess’ mouth lifted, and then she spoke, “You all come over here ……”
With a single word, Chen Ping and the others all obediently got up and then walked over to that High Priestess!
“I ask you all, what are you doing here?”
The High Priestess asked.
“Traveling and taking a chance on the legendary relics by the way ……”
Chen Ping replied!
The High Priest laughed coldly, “It seems that you really came over here to travel, and you even had the idea of taking a chance, are these people all crazy now?”
“They really think that if they find that relic, they will get rich, but they don’t know that there are many dangers inside that relic, and with this strength of these people, they will surely die if they go in.”
After saying that, the high priest shook the bell and Chen Ping and the others instantly came to their senses!
“What …… is going on here? What kind of people are you?”
Chen Ping and the others asked in a pretentious and panicked manner.
“You guys don’t need to be afraid either, we are from the Burning Heaven Divine Church, this is our high priest, this place is very dangerous, with this level of strength, you guys better go back so you don’t get killed for nothing.”
That Daniel said.
“The Burning Heaven Divine Church?” Suddenly, Anna squealed excitedly, “Are you the Burning Heaven Divine Church that has very powerful divination skills and can foretell the future and life and death?”
Daniel nodded and said, “Not bad, I didn’t expect this young lady to know about us too.”