“Mr. Shi, what do you mean by that, Chen Ping can just strike out at others, but we can’t kill him?”
At this moment, Xuan Yuan Kai, who had broken his arm, stood up and asked somewhat indignantly.
Xuanyuan Kai’s words instantly caused the crowd to all look at him, each with shock in their eyes.
“Who is this young man? He dares to question Mr. Shi’s words!”
“This is the Xuan Yuan family’s brat, right? It looks like the Xuan Yuan family is going to be finished.”
“What a newborn calf that isn’t afraid of a tiger!”
The crowd whispered.
Xuan Yuan Yan, on the other hand, was so frightened that cold sweat instantly flowed out.
“b*****d, hurry up and sit down for me!” Xuan Yuan Yan slapped Xuan Yuan Kai’s face, and then hurriedly said towards Mr. Shi, “Mr. Shi, I’m really sorry, my son doesn’t know what to do, I hope you won’t be angry.”
“Xuan Yuan family head, it’s alright, let your son finish his words, I see that your son is already a Martial Sect at a young age, his natural talent is not bad!”
Mr. Shi did not get angry, but said with a smile on his face.
Xuan Yuan Yan was about to say something when Xuan Yuan Kai preempted him by saying, “Mr. Shi, this Chen Ping broke my arm, I can’t leave this revenge unfulfilled, how can you convince our martial arts community to be sincere if you are so protective of him now?”
“b*****d!” When Xuan Yuan Yan heard these words from Xuan Yuan Kai, his body trembled with anger and he slapped his palm towards Xuan Yuan Kai.
“Stop!” Mr. Shi’s face was slightly cold, and then with a gentle wave of his palm, Xuan Yuan Yan’s body leaned straight backwards and sat back down in his seat.
He knew that this Xuanyuan Yan was a seventh-grade Martial Sect, and such strength could crack mountains and rocks and walk through the air, yet he was repelled by Mr. Shi like a fly, and with a flick of his hand, he directly made Xuanyuan Yan sit back down.
As Chen Ping watched this scene, he was incomparably shocked. It seemed that the path of cultivation was never ending, and in order to have a voice and be respected, one still had to have strength in oneself.
At this moment, Chen Ping had never been so eager for strength before.
“Doing it casually in front of me, pretending that I don’t exist?”
Mr. Shi’s words caused Xuan Yuan Yan’s cold sweat to instantly flow out, while the entire atmosphere in the hall became instantly tense.
“Mr. Shi, don’t dare, don’t dare ……,” Xuan Yuan Yan said as he wiped his cold sweat.
“Young man, don’t be afraid, what else do you feel dissatisfied with, continue to say ……”
Mr. Shi looked at Xuanyuan Kai and said with a smile.
“I …… have nothing else I’m not satisfied with!”
Xuan Yuan Kai shook his head, just now he was also a momentary brain fever, stood up to question Mr. Shi, now calm down Xuan Yuan Kai, the heart has also long been scared to death.
“Since there is nothing else, then I will explain to you, I will never harbour anyone, what I want is for the martial arts community to follow the rules and compete and develop in a healthy manner, not fight and kill each other for a little resource.”
“If you have conflicts, then follow the rules of the martial arts community, what is the Martial Arts Union for?” Mr. Shi said, turning his head to look at Zhu Zhishan, “Master Zhu, tell us what is the purpose of the establishment of your Martial Dao Alliance?”
Zhu Zhishan hurriedly rose and said, “Mr. Shi, the purpose of our Wudao Alliance is to maintain the order of the Wudao and punish evil cultivators and demons.”
“Well then, the matter that this young man has just raised, can your Martial Law Union handle it?”
Mr. Shi asked.
“Yes, I will definitely deal with it properly, both sides can follow the rules of the martial arts world and set up a competition, life and death are subject to fate, never seek personal revenge outside the ring!”
Zhu Zhishan hurriedly nodded his head and said.
“Well, if all things are done according to the rules, there won’t be so many conflicts. Don’t think that I’m not aware of the little thoughts in the hearts of you people, some times, I’m just too lazy to care about you.”
Mr. Shi’s eyes swept over the people present, and all these big figures from the clan and family, surprisingly, all lowered their heads, and none of them dared to speak.