When the second priest heard this, his spirit instantly burst and he said, “What? Did you get a good look?”
“It’s a bit far away, but it looks a lot like ……”
The man in black wasn’t sure!
“I didn’t expect this Anna to really come ……” The Second Priest had a chill in his eyes, “You lead the men to intercept them, make sure to bring that Princess Anna, no harm to her life, as for the others, kill them all. ”
“Understood ……”
The man in black nodded, then turned around and left!
The second priest had a grim smile on his face, Hal told the second priest to make sure to kill Anna, but this second priest wanted to catch her alive, so it was clear that this second priest, too, might be hiding his own conspiracy.
At this moment, Chen Ping and the others did not know that someone had intercepted and killed them, and were still heading towards the top of the mountain.
The entrance to this relic was most likely at the top of the snowy mountain!
“How much longer do we have to walk?”
Anna asked, panting as she looked at the snowy mountain that could not even see the top.
She was the lowest in strength here, so climbing for such a long time, combined with the harsh environment, was a little too much for Anna.
“Why don’t you rest here, and when we find the relics and search for the Medicine King, we will come over to you ……”
Chen Ping knew that with Anna’s strength like this, it would indeed be difficult to continue on, and if she braced herself to follow them, not only would she not be able to help, but she would also become a burden!
Anna nodded her head, she also knew that with this strength, she was afraid that she was not capable of continuing upwards!
“Chen Ping, I’m counting on you ……”
Anna said.
“Don’t worry, let Andrew take care of you here ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he took out some supplies from his storage ring and after settling Anna down, he continued to start climbing upwards!
“Princess Anna, take a good rest ……”
Andrew found a sheltered place for Anna and said to her.
Anna nodded and lay down inside her sleeping bag, unknowingly falling asleep!
On the other side, the High Priest and the others, chose another direction and also headed towards the top of the snowy mountain!
Daniel’s face was tinged with a bit of disbelief and anger!
Seeming to sense the anger in Daniel, the High Priest said, “Daniel, you seem to be upset with me?”
“High Priest, our Burning Heaven Divine Church has always adhered to the principle of saving the world and helping people, but how could you just use force to force others to die?”
Daniel was very confused, this followed what he had been taught when he first entered the Burning Heaven Divine Church, it was not the same at all!
“Daniel, don’t be childish, now is this society where the weak are strong and the strong are strong, put away your compa*sion.”
“Now that the second priest has entered the royal family, the future Burning Heaven Divine Church is afraid that he will be the only one, and we will all die then!”
“This time, the Pope sent us to search for the relics, if we can find the relics and search for the legendary divine sword, we can eradicate the Second Priest, even if the royal family comes forward, our Burning Heaven Divine Sect can be disrespected.”
“As long as you follow me well, this High Priest position of mine will be yours in the future, and I can give you all of this heritage.”
The High Priestess kept on persuading Daniel!
Daniel stopped talking, but he still couldn’t figure it out!
Soon they came across a mist blocking their way!
It was a strange mist, as if it had been deliberately placed in the way!
“High Priest, there is a sudden fog up ahead ……”
Daniel said as he looked at the mist in front of him.
“I know!” The High Priestess frowned as the bra*s bell in her hand shook gently!
A sound wave traveled into that mist, and surprisingly, it disappeared instantly!
“What an odd mist ……”
The high priest frowned even more!