Seeing that so many people have come, Sun City Lord could not be bothered to follow Chen Ping, so he said “I ordered people to set up a banquet, which is considered to be my compensation for the offence with this pharmacist Chen, it is all my fault for gullibly believing the slanderous words of that demonic cultivator.”
Old Jia also looked at Chen Ping, slightly apologetic “Chen pharmacist, really didn’t expect that you really have excellent medical skills ah, old me admire, admire ah ……”
“Senior Jia, I hope you don’t forget the agreement between the two of us.”
Chen Ping said!
“No, definitely won’t forget.” Old Jia laughed and said!
“Apothecary Chen, let’s please ……”
City Lord Sun invited Chen Ping to the banquet.
“City Lord Sun, I saved your daughter because of my agreement with Senior Jia, so you don’t have to be so polite.”
“I want to meet that demonic cultivator now, and I still have some things I want to ask ……”
Chen Ping said to City Lord Sun.
Chen Ping did not appreciate it, that Sun City Lord had just tried to kill him and now he was hosting a banquet to entertain himself, Chen Ping would not go!
If it wasn’t because of that Immortal Tree of Old Jia, perhaps Chen Ping wouldn’t have come to his rescue!
“Alright, I will take you to ……” Sun City Lord nodded!
Just as Chen Ping passed by the Sun City Lord, the Sun City Lord then whispered “I hope that you will always keep your mouth shut about the process of healing my daughter ……”
Chen Ping just glanced at City Lord Sun and ignored him!
When Chen Ping and others arrived at the main hall, Elder Fei and Protector Gong were all kneeling on the ground, and there were people guarding them on both sides!
Seeing Chen Ping appear, Elder Fei and Protector Gong couldn’t help but tremble!
“City Master Sun, can you leave these two people to me?” Chen Ping asked!
“As you wish!” City Lord Sun waved his hand!
Chen Ping walked up to Elder Fei and Protector Gong. At this time, Protector Gong’s whole body cultivation had been crippled, like a useless person!
“Don’t kill me. I am willing to recognize you as my master. Please don’t kill me…”
Protector Gong looked at Chen Ping and kept begging for mercy!
Elder Fei gritted his teeth and trembled slightly, but he did not beg for mercy!
<br> “Don’t you beg me?” Chen Ping looked at Elder Fei and asked!
Elder Fei did not speak, but gave Chen Ping a cold look!
Chen Ping smiled lightly and waved his palm lightly!
puff……
Protector Gong’s head exploded like a watermelon in an instant, and blood splattered all over Elder Fei’s body!
“I’m not in the mood to carry around this trash whose cultivation has been ruined…”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile on his face!
Looking at the miserably dead Gong Guardian beside him and smelling the scarlet blood, Elder Fei also began to be afraid!
“You …… don’t kill me, I can tell you a secret!”
Elder Fei opened his mouth!
“What secret?” Chen Ping asked!
“I can only tell you if you promise not to kill me.”
Elder Fei was bargaining after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping immediately looked unhappy and reached out his hand to slap towards that Elder Fei “I don’t want to know that secret, you’d better go to hell ……”
“Don’t, the Demon Sealing Alliance Lord’s son, Zuo Xuan, followed the Demon Sealing Alliance Elder Chu and also went to the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
Elder Fei hurriedly said!
“What kind of secret is this? What use is it to me ……”
Chen Ping said without a care in the world!
“You can capture that Zuo Xuan and use it to blackmail the Demon Sealing Alliance, so you won’t have to suffer from the Demon Sealing Alliance’s pursuit in the future.”
Elder Fei hurriedly explained!
“That’s an idea, but it doesn’t seem to have anything to do with you, does it?” Chen Ping said!
“I can help you capture that Zuo Xuan, otherwise, with Elder Chu following you, it would be impossible for you to capture Zuo Xuan.”
“The people of the Demon Sealing Alliance won’t suspect me, I can do you a favour as long as you don’t kill me ……”
Elder Fei tried his best to show his worth, otherwise Chen Ping’s own head would explode with a slap!
Hearing this Chen Ping finally withdrew his hand!
“This is a good method, but how can I trust you?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards Elder Fei!