“Brother Poe, you have so many tickets, please give us both two ……”
The two girls begged to Zhang Jianpo!
Zhang Jianpo said with a bad smile on his face, “Yes, you two have to accompany me tonight to do so!”
This time, the two girls are frozen, they are only high school students, they have never slept with anyone!
If they were asked to give them a kiss, the two of them would not hesitate, but sleeping with them, the two girls were a bit scared ……
“If you don’t agree, forget it, then I’ll tear up the tickets ……”
When Zhang Jianbo saw the two girls hesitate, he picked up the tickets and was ready to tear them up.
“Brother Poe, I agree, I agree ……:”
Finally one girl said with a grit of her teeth.
Seeing this, the other girl also nodded hastily, “I also agree, I also agree ……”
“Haha, if you two dare to lie to me, you won’t be able to afford the consequences!”
Zhang Jianpo laughed and gave the tickets in his hand to the two girls!
The two girls took the tickets and laughed excitedly!
“How can you two promise him even for a ticket, something like that? Hurry up and give it back to him, my brother can really get the tickets!”
Chen Yingxia didn’t want to see her two best friends fall into Zhang Jianbo’s account, so she hurriedly persuaded.
“Chen Yingxia, don’t be pretending, we are not going to trust you anymore.”
One of the girls said to Chen Yingxia with a furious look on her face.
“Chen Yingxia, if you want it, all you need to do is to give me a kiss, think it over yourself ……”
Zhang Jianpo said playfully.
“You die, it’s just a concert, big deal, don’t watch it ……”
Chen Yingxia glared at that Zhang Jianpo!
“Good, since you have a backbone, then we’ll go in ……”
Zhang Jianpo said, stepping forward and putting one arm around a girl, ready to go to the ticket line!
Although the two girls did not look too good, but no one struggled, allowing that Zhang Jianpo embrace, that pair of big hands roaming around the body!
“You guys don’t go with him …………”
Chen Yingxia watched Zhang Jianpo move his hands on his two friends, Chen Yingxia went forward to stop and said.
“Chen Yingxia, we don’t have the backbone as you do, don’t stop us if you don’t go yourself, it’s our own choice ……”
“You stay aside to go, for nothing to make us happy to come over, if not for the appearance of Poe, none of us can get in!”
The two girls didn’t appreciate it at all!
Zhang Jianpo smiled coldly, “Get lost!”
After pushing Chen Yingxia away, Zhang Jianpo took the two girls and went to the queue!
But just then, Chen Ping arrived, followed by Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er. If Su Yuqi hadn’t gone back to Pan Long Bay and picked Chen Ping up, he would probably still be sleeping right now!
“Yingxia, sorry I’m late …………”
Chen Ping said somewhat apologetically.
“Brother …………”
Seeing that Chen Ping had come, Chen Yingxia’s aggression instantly exploded and she cried out at once.
“Yingxia, what’s wrong with you?” Su Yuqi asked strangely.
“Sister-in-law ……”
Chen Yingxia looked at that Zhang Jianpo and bit her lips without speaking!
At this moment, that Zhang Jianpo was looking this way with his arms around two girls, his eyes drifting over Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er!
Although the two were much older than him, the womanly smell on their bodies was not something these 17 or 18 year old girls could compare to.
Su Yuqi instantly understood and looked at Zhang Jianpo and said, “You few get your a*ses over here, are you bullying Yingxia?”
As Chen Yingxia’s sister-in-law, of course Su Yuqi had to stand up for Chen Yingxia, and in Hongcheng, who dared to follow her Su family against her?
“Sister-in-law, forget it ……”
Chen Yingxia hurriedly stopped Su Yuqi, she didn’t want to cause trouble for Su Yuqi for her own sake, after all, that Zhang Jianbo’s family is also rich and powerful!