The others looked at the armour that had suddenly appeared on Xiao Ru’s body and felt the holy light, each with awe in their eyes.
Even Chen Ping, at this time, felt very surprised that this seemingly ordinary armour could have such power!
Long Xiao was so shocked that he hurriedly began to activate the spells on his body, trying to relaunch his attack!
However, no matter what Long Xiao did, no more black mist was seen to fill out, and even the black glow on his body had disappeared.
At this moment, the aura on Long Xiao’s body instantly withered quite a bit.
“Senior, senior …………”
Long Xiao cried out in his heart, wanting to ask what had gone wrong.
Unfortunately, no matter how Long Xiao shouted, he could not hear the response from that soul spirit inside his body anymore.
Long Xiao’s face became worse than eating sh*t, and his body unconsciously trembled slightly.
And the mermaid sculpture on top of the throne, the moment he saw the white armour revealed, surprisingly, surprise and awe also appeared in his eyes.
“Brother Chen Ping, what is this …… going on?”
Xiao Ru asked to Chen Ping with a bewildered look on her face.
Just now Xiao Ru herself was as if she had lost her mind and nothing counted anymore.
“It’s okay, you stay well aside, don’t be afraid ……”
Chen Ping softly said to Xiao Ru comfortingly.
Xiao Ru nodded, while the armor on her body began to slowly fade and finally disappeared. 、
The next day, Zhu Zhishan looked at the armor that disappeared from Xiao Ru’s body, his eyes were full of fire, he now knew why the kick he just made did not cause damage to Xiao Ru.
The company’s main business is to provide a good service to its customers.
Just as the crowd was all still immersed in that holy light, Chen Ping comforted Xiao Ru and began to attack Long Xiao.
Long Xiao’s face turned pale and his body hurriedly retreated backwards.
But Chen Ping was too fast, only to see a golden light streak past, followed by a fist that smashed fiercely into Long Xiao’s body.
Boom!
Long Xiao’s chest was hit solidly, followed by his body flying straight backwards.
It likewise smashed on top of the throne, and was then sent flying by the formation on the throne.
This violent impact caused the formation on the throne to weaken a lot again!
Long Xiao’s face was pale as he climbed up from the ground with difficulty, his eyes full of anger, but there was nothing he could do, without his soul spirit, Long Xiao was now even more outmatched in strength by Chen Ping.
Looking at Long Xiao’s wretched appearance, Chen Ping slowly walked over.
“Do you have any more skills? Didn’t you want me to turn into a dry corpse?”
Chen Ping had a cold smile on his face.
Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping and felt the aura on Chen Ping’s body, his body actually began to twitch, and fear filled his eyes!
Long Xiao instinctively turned his gaze towards Zhu Zhishan, who was the only one who could save him now.
“Today, no one can save you ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and slapped his palm towards Long Xiao.
“Stop it ……”
There was no way Zhu Zhishan could watch Long Xiao being killed by Chen Ping, so he leapt up, followed by a kick towards Chen Ping, causing him to dodge!
“Master Zhu, save me, save me ……”
Long Xiao hid behind Zhu Zhishan and desperately begged for help!
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Zhishan coldly, “Zhu Zhishan, with just you, you cannot save him ……”
“Is that so? Maybe I can’t on my own, but don’t you forget that I’m not alone ……”
When Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, Xu Song had already led his men to surround them.
The four of Xu Song plus Zhu Zhishan would be enough to deal with Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, “With just the five of you, you won’t be able to kill me at all, big deal, we’ll die together ……”
Zhu Zhishan spoke slowly with a gloomy face, “Who said there were only five of us ……”