“Chen Ping …………”
Looking at Chen Ping, who was covered in wounds, Xing Jun went forward and helped him up!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were blank, his whole body was like a demented person!
Slowly, Chen Ping raised his head and looked up into the vast sky!
A hint of ruthlessness flashed across his eyes!
“I don’t believe in fate, my fate is up to me …………”
Chen Ping gave a violent hiss!
The sound contained a roll of spiritual energy that spread throughout Kyoto!
Chen Ping dragged his injured body back to the Dragon Gate!
At this moment everyone was gathered at the Dragon Gate, discussing countermeasures together!
Seeing Chen Ping covered in wounds, everyone was shocked!
To know Chen Ping’s current strength, ordinary people would not be able to make him suffer such heavy injuries.
“Chen Ping, what’s wrong with you?”
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly asked.
Chen Ping shook his head and did not say anything, but looked at Long Xingxu and said, “Xingxu, send someone to carry your sister-in-law and the girls and come with me ……”
“Brother Chen Ping, where are we going?”
Long Xingxu asked.
“To the Martial Alliance ……”
Chen Ping said in a breathless voice.
Looking at Chen Ping that way, Hu Ma Zi knew that Chen Ping must have suffered a heavy blow, and it was not a physical blow, but a blow to the heart, otherwise Chen Ping would not be in the state he was in now!
Even if Chen Ping’s body had suffered a great deal of damage, as long as he still had a breath, Chen Ping would not have had such a dishevelled look on his body!
The crowd followed Chen Ping to the backyard of the Martial Union, and along with Chen Ping chanting an incantation, the entrance to the secret realm slowly opened!
Chen Ping then led Su Yuqi and the girls back into the secret realm!
Originally, Pocky Hu and the others wanted to go in with Chen Ping, but they were stopped by Chen Ping!
Because Chen Ping didn’t know if they would suffer the same symptoms as Su Yuqi when they entered the secret realm!
After entering the secret realm, Su Yuqi and the girls soon woke up, which rea*sured Chen Ping!
“Brother Chen Ping, why are we back in the secret realm again?”
Xiao Ru asked in confusion as she looked at the surroundings.
“You three listen to me ……”
Chen Ping told the three of them the original story.
“Don’t worry guys, I will find a way to get you out and won’t let you be trapped here forever.”
Chen Ping said with a firm face.
“Actually it’s quite good to live here, the environment is not bad either ……”
Su Yuqi knew that Chen Ping must not be feeling well in his heart at this time, so she smiled slightly and said.
“No wonder we went to Mr. Shi and Mr. Shi had to ask if we were willing to die for Brother Chen Ping.”
“He also asked me and Sister Mei’er if we had special physiques, and then gave us both that book.”
“So he knew everything, he must have known that we could run into Brother Chen Ping and give him the book!”
Only then did Xiao Ru think about what Mr Shi had said in the first place!
“Mr. Shi asked if you guys had special physiques?” Chen Ping frowned slightly, as if he had thought of something, and grabbed Su Yuqi’s hand!
As a stream of spiritual energy punched into Su Yuqi’s body, Chen Ping’s face turned ugly!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping grabbed Xiao Ru and Wu Mei’er’s hands and examined them again!
It was only after this inspection that he discovered that all three of them had lost their special physiques!
“You three quickly take a look, have the special physiques in your own bodies disappeared?”
Chen Ping said in surprise.
Soon, the three of them checked and found that all their special physiques had disappeared, and they were now like ordinary people!
“How could this happen?”
Xiao Ru’s face was full of disbelief, she knew that this ice crystal was a congenital one, she had tried everything to cure it, but then she met Chen Ping to save one!
Then she embarked on cultivation, and only then did Xiao Ru slowly get rid of the threat of death caused by this special physique!
But now it had disappeared, and with the disappearance of the special physique, Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru’s strength had also dropped a lot!
“It must be related to that Endless Cave, let’s go check it out ……”
Chen Ping guessed that the disappearance of Su Yuqi and the girls’ special physique must have followed the Endless Cave, so he planned to go and explore some more.