“I’m not sure, General Xing just told us to get ready, I don’t know anything else!”
Bai Cheng shook his head and said!
Chen Ping knew that Bai Cheng was also just an ordinary guest secretary, it was impossible for him to know a lot of insider information, not to mention the fact that Bai Cheng was not the most dignified type amongst the many guest secretaries!
“Where is General Xing? I’m going to find him for something!”
Chen Ping asked!
“In the hall, talking with a few commanders of the house, or else you can go find him later!”
Bai Cheng said after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, intending to wait outside for a while, things like this kind of infighting, Chen Ping did not want to get too involved!
Although he was now considered a guest secretary of the Xing Mansion, he was forced to do so, sooner or later he would have to leave!
“Guest Secretary Chen, General Xing has an invitation ……”
At this moment, the hall door opened and a commander said to Chen Ping!
“Invite me?”
Chen Ping was stunned, he did not expect General Xing to already know that he had returned, so he followed that commander into the hall!
At this moment, in the hall, there were only six armor-clad commanders present, and not a single guest secretary!
It could be seen that for this kind of confidential matter, the guest secretaries were still excluded, after all, the guest secretaries were only considered to be helpers when it came to talking about it, they were considered to be guests, they were not really people of the Xing Mansion!
“Chen Ping, have a seat ……”
Seeing Chen Ping walk in, Ding Daorong slowly said!
Chen Ping found a seat and sat down, then asked, “General Xing, I wonder what the reason is for that Qiu Mansion’s sudden move?”
Criminal Daorong did not answer Chen Ping, but instead asked Chen Ping, “You went out of the city?”
“Not bad ……,” Chen Ping nodded!
“You killed Qiu Wanha’s son, Qiu Yu?”
Ding Daorong continued to ask!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, then still nodded and said, “Not bad, but he was the one who followed me and wanted to kill me first.”
“Could it be that Qiu Fu suddenly wanted to make a move just because I killed his son?”
Chen Ping felt that this was somewhat unlikely, although he was a guest secretary of the Xing Mansion, he was only a guest secretary!
If he killed that Qiu Yu, the Qiu Mansion could have recruited himself for revenge, it was unlikely that he would make a big deal out of this and follow the Xing Mansion’s move!
After all, a guest secretary was just a guest, not considered a person of the Xing Mansion!
“You killing that Qiu Yu is just a trigger, that Qiu Wanha has long since moved against us.”
“During this period of time, it’s better if you don’t walk around Beast City as you please, to avoid the people of the Qiu Mansion from being unfavorable to you.”
“I’ll order someone to prepare some more resources for you, so you can cultivate in the mansion.”
Xing Daorong this was not going to let Chen Ping leave the mansion!
When Chen Ping heard this, he hurriedly said, “General Xing, I would like to ask for an amnesty order before I rescue someone from the prison in!”
“No problem, but right now, there is also a lot of chaos within the dungeon, that Captain Zhou was also killed, and General Yan is very angry!”
“After all, the dungeon is his sphere of influence, and that Captain Zhou is also one of his people, he is investigating now.”
“I’ll let Bai Cheng take you there, save whoever you want, save them all, I guess after a while, the inner dungeon will be rectified.”
Criminal Daorong said!
“That Captain Zhou was killed by the Qiu family s eldest son, and I was at the scene …… at that time.”
Chen Ping spoke in detail about the situation at that time!
When Criminal Daorong heard this, he couldn’t help but frown, then said, “Don’t talk about this matter to the public, you go to the prison to save people!”
Criminal Daorong casually threw Chen Ping an amnesty order!
Although Chen Ping was puzzled, why didn’t Interdiction Daorong let himself talk about this matter to the public, wouldn’t it be better to unite with that Yan House to deal with the Qiu House together? But Chen Ping did not ask more questions, took the amnesty order and left!
Chen Ping followed Bai Cheng to the prison and used the amnesty order to release Xiong Cuo!
When Xiong Gao walked out of the prison, a dignified eight-foot man cried!
“Mr. Chen, thank you so much, I wonder if Mr. Chen has seen my sister, is she alright?”
Xiong Guo asked to Chen Ping!