But when Lili heard that, she immediately quit: “Gu Feng, what the hell, I’m not your girlfriend.
Lili’s words made Gu Feng look embarra*sed, but he didn’t know how to retort!
Chen Ping looked at that Gu Feng and smiled helplessly, finally knowing why his parents didn’t give him any money.
Soon, Chen Ping and the others arrived at a Phoenix Bar, where countless luxury cars were parked in front of the bar, while these several lots of Gu Feng’s BMWs could only be put far away in the corner.
“Brother-in-law, this is the best bar in the provincial city, I’ll take you in to dazzle ……”
After Gu Feng put the car away, he said to Chen Ping with an excited face.
“Don’t call me brother-in-law, I’m not your brother-in-law, just call me Brother Chen!”
Chen Ping saw that this Gu Feng was calling his brother-in-law a mouthful too close, and felt that it was better for him to remind him.
“What kind of society is this now, still so feudal? You are not sooner or later my brother-in-law, I am just getting familiar with it in advance now, don’t be so old feudal, go in quickly ……”
Gu Feng didn’t care, pulling Chen Ping into the bar!
“Gu Feng, did you kid go out and pick up money, to come to this kind of place to play?”
Lili asked after walking into the bar, following Gu Feng with a playful face.
“I didn’t pick up any money, but my brother-in-law did, let me tell you, my brother-in-law’s phone has a balance of more than ten million inside, I’ve seen it all ……”
Gu Feng whispered after Lili to show off, that Lili looked at Chen Ping’s eyes immediately changed.
Although the voice of Gu Feng is very small, but Chen Ping still clearly heard, see this guy everywhere to show off, Chen Ping some speechless, should have known that I should not let him look.
After finding a place to sit down, Gu Feng directly ordered two bottles of Remy Martin, knowing that this wine costs more than 100,000 yuan a bottle, but now with Chen Ping around, Gu Feng is not afraid at all!
The girl, Lili, sat next to Chen Ping and kept rubbing her body against his, and said in a delicate manner, “Mr. Chen, you look like it’s your first time to play here, don’t you? But don’t be nervous, I’m with you, if you don’t know anything, you can ask me ……”
Lili’s hand kept touching around Chen Ping’s body, which made Chen Ping frown and move his body to the side!
“Lili, I’ve said it, that’s my brother-in-law, besides I paid to call you out so that you could accompany me, hurry up and come over!”
Gu Feng saw that look on Lili’s face and instantly said with an angry face.
“Cut, five thousand dollars an hour, you really think I care?
Lili gave Gu Feng a blank look and did not go over to accompany him!
In Lili’s opinion, people like Chen Ping were just rich people from the countryside who suddenly had money, but didn’t know how to spend it, so they didn’t know what to do when they saw a big scene!
This kind of person is the best, as long as he is hooked, he will definitely be able to squeeze everything out of him, and not a single penny will be left, so this Lili would rather push Gu Feng away than sit with Chen Ping!
This P*ssed off Gu Feng so much that when the wine came up, he drank it himself with a gulp!
“Isn’t this Young Master Gu? How come you have money to come to this kind of place? And drinking Remy Martin?”
At this time, a few effete guys walked over, and one of them, a youth dressed in an anima, said with some surprise after seeing Gu Feng.
Gu Feng looked at the youth, so he said with some displeasure, “Ni Wei, there’s nothing for you here, don’t bother me ……”
Gu Feng was already in a bad mood, and when he was told by that youth, of course he was even more unhappy.
But who knew that Ni Wei was stunned, then laughed out loud and said, “Young Master Gu has really grown in ability, he dares to talk to me like this?”