“I don’t know!”Yun Li shook his head!
Chen Ping froze, then continued to ask, “Who is your Divine Hall Hall Master? Aside from your ten temples, the other nine temples, where are they?”
“I don’t know ……”
Yun Li still shook his head!
Chen Ping looked at Yun Li, his eyes filled with doubt!
This fellow, he couldn’t have deliberately learnt from himself and said he didn’t know anything, right?
He himself really didn’t know, didn’t know Mr Shi’s identity!
It is not a lie ……
“Then what is the strength of your hall master, this should always be known, right?”
Chen Ping continued to ask!
Yun Li continued to shake his head, “I don’t know, I don’t think my father would even know, these questions of yours, it’s not that I don’t want to answer them, but there’s no way to answer them!”
“Understood!”Chen Ping looked at Yun Li’s expression and knew that this fellow was not lying!
This divine temple should be highly hierarchical, so for those below to want to understand the above, it was simply impossible and there was no way to do so!
After all, among the divine halls, the tenth hall was the lowest in existence!
“Now that the two of us have understood each other and your purpose has been achieved, can we go?”
Chen Ping asked!
That Yun Li said that he just wanted to come and meet himself, what kind of person was he!
Now that he had also met and understood, it was perfectly fine to leave!
“I suddenly have a bit of an itchy hand, and want to spar with you, the point to point kind!”
Yun Li was eager to try and see if Chen Ping was really capable of decapitating the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm!
But if he did, Yun Li was afraid that if it was true, then wouldn’t he have no life!
That was why he offered to spar with Chen Ping!
A point to point sparring session would be able to test out Chen Ping’s strength without putting himself in danger!
Chen Ping looked at Yun Li and laughed outright, he had long seen through Yun Li’s small mind!
However, Chen Ping was not afraid, so he nodded his head and said, “Good! But I have one condition.”
There was no way Chen Ping would let this Yun Li take advantage of him for nothing, this guy played with his heart and Chen Ping was no fool!
“What condition?”Yun Li asked!
“Let’s bet some resources, if it’s just a simple competition, it’s meaningless!”
Chen Ping said!
“That’s fine, it’s just that I came out in a hurry and didn’t bring many resources with me.”
“Within this storage bag of mine, I only have 10,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, I don’t know if it’s possible?”
Yun Li took out a storage bag and said!
“F*ck!”When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately cursed a dog big house in his heart, then looked at Yun Li and said, “Ten thousand Immortal Spirit Stones is not much though, it’s barely okay!”
Although Chen Ping was shocked at ten thousand immortal spirit stones, he was not able to show it!
“Since it’s okay, let’s begin, but remember, point to point, if you hurt me, not a single Immortal Spirit Stone will be given!”
Yun Li once again admonished!
Chen Ping was in doubt for a while, the other party, a peak of the 9th level of the Mahayana realm, was repeatedly urging himself to point to point and not to injure him!
What is this?
“Don’t worry, absolutely to the point!”
Chen Ping nodded!
As Chen Ping’s words fell, the two of them moved and instantly pulled apart.
The atmosphere suddenly tensed up, the air around them seemed to freeze, even the breeze stopped for it, just waiting for a wonderful and incomparable fight to be staged.
Chen Ping took a deep breath, his eyes became as sharp as an eagle, his body’s spiritual energy surged as if a river had burst its banks, unstoppable.
He slowly raised his right hand, palm facing upwards, and with a soft chant, an ancient and majestic long sword slowly condensed out of the void, precisely Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword.
The body of the sword was flowing with a faint green aura, and the faint sound of a dragon’s roar echoed out, revealing a domineering aura that cut down everything, and could not be overcome.
When Yun Li saw this, his pupils contracted violently, and a look of disbelief appeared on his face.
As the son of the Ten Hall Masters of the Divine Hall, he was well-informed and naturally recognised the extraordinary nature of the Dragon Beheading Sword.
“This …… is your sword?”There was a tremor in Yun Li’s voice, clearly shocked that Chen Ping had taken out the Dragon Beheading Sword.