Chen Ping looked at the to fire in front of him and suddenly had an idea, only to see Chen Ping’s fingertips pulsating with the Earth’s Heart Flame, and then gently waved it towards an area in front of him!
Soon, a wave of heat surged out, heading towards Lu San and the others!
However, it was an instant before several screams and angry curses could be heard not far in front of them!
“Holy sh*t, what the hell is this, it’s too hot, I’m going to be roasted!”
“Quit, I’m quitting, it’s hot ……”
Among the disciples of the New Sect Master’s lineage, so many of them chose to quit because they couldn’t bear it!
Lu San was also sweating profusely and his expression became puzzled.
“What is this situation? Could it be that just now I . Operational error and led the heat wave of the Supreme Fire to my side?”
Lu San suspected that he might have made an operational error just now!
After all, right now in the entire land of assessment, apart from him, there was no one else in able to walk around at will and control the Supreme Fire!
Lu San got up and took the bronze mirror and once again came towards the Supreme Flame!
When Chen Ping saw that Lu San had come, the corner of his mouth lifted, and he immediately struck a piece of illusion!
Lu San walked into the illusion without any defence, the scene in front of him didn’t change, but he couldn’t find the location of the Supreme Flame!
Lu San’s face was full of doubts, he kept searching for the Supreme Flame, and even took out the copper mirror, feeling the heat waves emitted by the Supreme Flame, trying to find the location of the Supreme Flame by this method!
“It’s really strange, how come that Supreme Flame is gone?”
Lu San frowned, how could he know that he had long since fallen into the illusion laid down by Chen Ping, and was circling around in place!
Lu San had walked for half a day and still had not found the Supreme Flame, which made Lu San start to panic!
“What is this …… this, how did I get lost? Can’t go back?”
“Could it be that this test is malfunctioning?”
Lu San realised that not only could he not find the Supreme Fire anymore, he couldn’t even find his way back!
He didn’t suspect that he was caught in an illusion right now, but rather wondered if there was a malfunction in the assessment venue!
Lu San, who had no way out, stopped moving and instead sat down on his knees, and a spiritual force was struck into that copper mirror!
The formation pattern on the copper mirror flickered, followed by a wisp of brown to fire jumping out!
It seems that this guy is trying to use the Supreme Flame within the copper mirror to find the Supreme Flame of this examination place!
There would be a connection between Supreme Flames of the same kind, and this connection could be utilised to find the location of the examination Supreme Flame!
But just as the fire jumped on the mirror, Chen Ping swung out a powerful sword qi, and then saw the fire split in two!
Lu San was stunned, and before he could react, a huge suction force caused the Supreme Flame to be sucked away instantly!
“This …………”
Lu San was confused, he had no idea what was happening!
Chen Ping was able to see Lu San in front of him, but that Lu San could not see Chen Ping at all, he was just like a fool being manipulated by Chen Ping!
The Supreme Flame was drawn into Chen Ping’s body, and in an instant, the brown Supreme Flame was surrounded by the three types of Supreme Flames in Chen Ping’s body!
The fire that had just been inhaled was still trying to struggle, running around inside Chen Ping’s body!
Before it could escape, it was suppressed by Chen Ping’s three types of fire, and was finally refined by Chen Ping!
The Fire Origin Star within Chen Ping’s body became brighter!
“This Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame, it’s really a bit weak, it was refined so easily.”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while!
He had thought that refining the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame would also take some time!
Seeing that he had refined the Supreme Flame, Chen Ping waved his hand and withdrew the illusion!
At this moment, Lu San looked at the copper mirror in his hand, and his entire face turned green!
He had originally wanted to rely on the supreme fire within the copper mirror to find the supreme fire of the examination site!
Now it was fine, the supreme fire within the copper mirror had disappeared!
And the Supreme Flame within the Examination Ground had appeared in front of Lu San’s eyes at this moment!
Just as Lu San was puzzled, the Supreme Flame within the examination ground suddenly burst into flames with a bang!