“I wouldn’t dare, I’ll do whatever Mr. Xing says!”
How dare Cui Zhiyuan disobey Xing Jun, after all, he was the top boss!
When Cui Zhiyuan left, Xing Jun slowly picked up the phone and pressed a number to dial out!
“Mr. Xiao, things are arranged, Tian Mei’s contract, I will shoot Chen Ping to negotiate ……”
“Hahahaha, you’re doing well, work well with me, what the Su family can give you, I’ll give you double ……”
A reckless laugh came from the other side of the phone, and after that he hung up!
Xing Jun’s phone call was dialed to Xiao Lei, Xing Jun knew about Chen Ping’s past problems following Xiao Lei, and also knew about Chen Ping’s girlfriend being dominated by Xiao Lei!
In Hongcheng, the Xiao family and the Su family were equally powerful, and the two families were also rivals. The Xiao family had once poached Xing Jun with a high salary, but Xing Jun liked Su Yuqi and always wanted to get together with Su Yuqi, so he refused the Xiao family!
But after last night, Xing Jun’s hiring of Chen Ping to kill him failed and he got a slap on the wrist himself, which made Xing Jun more and more angry the more he thought about it, so he followed Xiao Lei and got in touch!
This was Xiao Lei’s idea, Xiao Lei wanted to humiliate Chen Ping when the time came, how could Chen Ping, a small salesman, negotiate with a big client like Tianmei?
Inside the hospital ward in Hongcheng, Xiao Lei was still recovering from his injuries!
“Brother Lei, look how happy you are, that guy Chen Ping, where is he worth targeting you like this, he’s just an ant to you, without Su Yuqi sheltering him, he’s nothing!”
Geng Shanshan looked at the happy Xiao Lei sitting on the hospital bed and said happily too!
“After breaking my arm, of course I have to play with him properly, I want to play him to death slowly ……”
The corners of Xiao Lei’s mouth were slightly raised and his eyes were full of chill!
“Brother Lei, that guy Chen Ping knows a couple of tricks, you can’t beat him, and that Lin Tianhu you found is unreliable, to deal with Chen Ping, I think it’s better to find some other experts ……”
Geng Shanshan suggested!
“Don’t worry, I’ve already sent someone to contact the Red Dragon Gang, in the whole of Hong City, it’s not like Lin Tianhu is the only one from the Gathering Hall, the Red Dragon Gang is on par with the Gathering Hall, it’s more than enough to deal with a Chen Ping ……”
Xiao Lei knew he couldn’t beat Chen Ping, and it was useless to look for Lin Tianhu, so he found someone to contact the Red Dragon Gang again.
Although the Xiao family is very powerful in Hongcheng, it is after all a commercial family, so following a gang power like the Red Dragon Gang is not familiar, so he needs to find an intermediary to introduce him!
“Brother Lei, when it’s time to talk about the contract, I want to go too, I want to see that shabby look of Chen Ping, he dared to be so arrogant some time ago because he had Su Yuqi’s backing, now I want to see if he can still be arrogant ……”
Geng Shanshan’s heart was furious when she remembered how she was humiliated by Chen Ping some time ago!
“No problem, you can just watch him being stepped on by me ……”
Xiao Lei smiled smugly!
…………
Sales Department, Cui Zhiyuan was puzzled as to why Xing Jun gave such an important client to Chen Ping, but Xing Jun gave the word, he had to not do as he was told!
“Chen Ping, you kid lucky, owed money suddenly all back, but as a qualified salesman, not only must you be able to collect accounts, but also to negotiate contracts to do so, so you have to learn to negotiate contracts, and according to the rules, you ……… …”
“Cut the crap, say something directly ……”
Chen Ping impatiently said to Cui Zhiyuan!
Dry follow Cui Zhiyuan talk like this, guess only Chen Ping himself!
Hearing Chen Ping on the phone, Cui Zhiyuan’s face was furious and he was so angry that he almost didn’t vomit blood, but he didn’t dare to fire Chen Ping without any reason because he didn’t know what Xing Jun was really thinking!
“The company decided to let you go to follow Tianmei Rihua to talk about cooperation, you should know that Tianmei Rihua is also considered the largest cosmetic industry enterprise in Hongcheng, if you can negotiate down, the commission is naturally a figure you can’t think of, but if you fail to negotiate, then ……… …”