Tiger Li Daxian hesitated for a moment, probably to be able to show sincerity, and said, “There is no harm in telling you, the idol behind this is my master, the Blood Devil, and I am but a pet by his side.”
“Thousands of years ago in the God and Devil War, our Blood Demon clan was defeated and our master sealed himself away and asked me to guard it, waiting for the day when it would reawaken.”
“The master helped me to transform into a human body, only unfortunately it didn’t quite work out and he was instantly petrified ……”
“For all these years, I have been guarding my master, using the power of the faith of the people to revive him.”
“It will take at most another hundred years, another hundred years, and the master will be resurrected ……”
“Dao at that time …………”
Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes shone with a brilliant light, but did not continue down.
“Could it be that the depletion of spiritual energy began at that time?”
Chen Ping continued to ask.
“Not bad, after that divine and demonic battle, the Heavenly Dao broke apart, everything was destroyed, and the entire world was plunged into a cycle of reincarnation!”
“From then on, the spiritual energy began to dry up, the gods and devils fell, and the martial dao ran rampant ……”
“Now that I have told you what you want to know, you can leave now, right?”
Tiger Li Daxian said as he looked at Chen Ping.
“Leave?” Chen Ping sneered, “If I leave, do I want to see you continue to use these people on Penglai Island to resurrect your master?”
“When your master is resurrected, it will be a disaster for the living and the human race!”
“You …………” Tiger Li Daxian saw Chen Ping playing a trick on him and became furious: “Ordinary human beings are nothing more than mole crickets, you are a cultivator of immortality You are an immortal cultivator, how can you have pity on those ants?”
“Grylls?” Chen Ping frowned, “You are just a tiger spirit, and you dare to say such words, shameless ……”
Chen Ping’s body leapt up, and a golden light glowed above his two fists!
Having recovered some of his spiritual power, Chen Ping immediately launched himself at Tiger Li Daxian!
“You seek death ……”
Tiger Li Daxian roared in anger, being teased by Chen Ping, Tiger Li Daxian don was completely enraged.
He saw Tiger Li Daxian’s hands waving continuously, and soon a black ball of light slowly coalesced, but this time this black ball of light was obviously much smaller.
Chen Ping smashed out with a golden light fist, then followed that black ball of light and collided heavily.
Boom …………
With a loud sound, the black ball of light exploded and blew Chen Ping’s body out of the sky itself!
But that Tiger Li Daxian wasn’t suffering well either, his body trembled as if he had been struck by lightning!
This time, the clash was once again half a catty and no contest!
“Are you going to die with me?”
Tiger Li Tai Sin hissed!
He couldn’t understand why this Chen Ping was so stubborn!
“You’re afraid of death?”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Bullsh*t, I have lived for thousands of years, I have never been afraid of death, this is a joke ……”
Tiger Li Daxian shouted angrily!
“Since you are not afraid of death, then stop the nonsense, come on ……”
Chen Ping beckoned towards that Tiger Li Daxian!
But Tiger Li Daxian didn’t move, at this time, whoever made the first move would be at a disadvantage, this he still knew.
Chen Pingping wanted to deliberately provoke Tiger Li Daxian to make the first move, but Tiger Li Daxian did not look stupid either.
For a while, the two were once again in a confrontation!
“Brother Chen ……”
“Chen Ping ……”
Just at this time, Hu Puzi and Zhao Barging and the others had already broken into the forbidden land!
Looking at the forbidden land, which was already in ruins, Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Barging couldn’t help but suck in a cold breath.
How fierce a battle was this to have left the place in such a state.
When Chen Ping saw that Pocky Hu and the others had unexpectedly returned, he frowned and said, “What are you two doing back?”