After all, this Blood and Bone Sect was evil enough, so the stove pot that appeared in this word’s closed door cultivation place would definitely not be anything good either!
“Step back a bit, I’ll open the lid and take a look ……”
Chen Ping told the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master to step back while he approached the furnace cauldron and then swung it with vigour!
The lid on the furnace cauldron was instantly knocked out, followed by a fresh breeze!
In such a place filled with Yin Fiendish Qi, this sudden breeze was like a touch of life in the middle of the desert.A touch of life appeared!
The entire chamber was filled with this breath, and both Chen Ping and the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace felt warmth on their bodies.
“What kind of aura is this, it is so comfortable ……”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master asked in shock!
Chen Ping was also frowning slightly, not knowing at all what kind of aura was emanating from within this cauldron!
“This is vitality, a person who dies will have a deathly aura, and when a person is alive, they also possess the same vitality.”
“I thought that guy cultivated with death qi and wasn’t afraid of death qi against his body, so it turns out that he was using vitality to counteract the damage of death qi.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
“Vitality? Can this thing still be refined?”
Chen Ping was a little puzzled!
Vitality was also known as Yang Yuan, life expectancy, and drawing in vitality could enhance one’s Yang Yuan life expectancy!
However, there were not many that were truly able to absorb the vitality of others, and Chen Ping had never seen them!
However, some demonic cultivators do have feats that are able to absorb the Yang Yuan of others to enhance their Yang Yuan lifespan, and some demonic cultivators who are close to their Yang Yuan but have no way to break through will try to find a way to absorb the Yang Yuan of others!
But to directly refine and store this vitality, this is the first time Chen Ping has heard of it!
In that case, storing the vitality, wouldn’t it be possible to sell it as a resource, something that I believe many people would rush for!
“I’ve only heard that some people are able to refine vitality, only that this method is extremely cruel, and must be done while the person is alive and awake, refining the vitality in the body.”
“And the vitality that is refined will be greatly discounted due to the laws of heaven and earth, ten thousand years of Yang Yuan can only refine a strand of vitality I’m afraid, and with such a huge amount of vitality like the one in this secret room, I don’t know how many cultivator’s lives will be needed.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, his heart became extremely heavy, these vitality didn’t know how many lives of cultivators had been used, if he really went to sell it, wouldn’t he be too much of a brute, this was all a fresh life in exchange!
Just as Chen Ping’s mind came together, those living organisms seemed to have a sense of spirit, all of them surged towards Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping was stunned, before he could react, the vitality in the cauldron all surged into Chen Ping’s body!
“You kid, is this a good deed for a good cause? These vitality is afraid that there are hundreds of thousands of years of Yang Yuan, you are a small cultivator of the Ferry Realm, you have hundreds of thousands of years of Yang Yuan, I’m afraid that those Immortals who have just ascended are not as good as you!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said enviously!
“I don’t know why, all this vitality has entered my body, but I don’t want to live for hundreds of thousands of years, if I don’t have friends and lovers around me and live alone, I might as well die!”
Chen Ping said!
After all, Chen Ping had come a little bit from a mortal to the present, he was more focused on affection and love, as for becoming an immortal and a Buddha and getting eternal life, Chen Ping did not have any obsession!
It would be meaningless to live alone!
“Chen Ping, look quickly, there are immortal bones within this cauldron ……”
Just as Chen Ping was following the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s exchange, the Broad Cold Palace Master suddenly shouted!
Chen Ping hurriedly looked over and saw that at the bottom of that furnace cauldron, there were indeed two Immortal Bones placed there, and by the looks of it, these two Immortal Bones were both rib bones!
The moment he saw the Immortal Bones, Chen Ping knew that they were the Red Cloud Demon Lord’s!
Because of the aura within the Immortal Bones, Chen Ping could clearly sense it, and could also sense the change in the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch when the Immortal Bones appeared!