Listening to Gu Tianzhao’s words, Chen Ping was somewhat impressed!
Not only was this fellow smart, but he was also content and knew what he could get!
The position of the Two Yi Sect’s Sect Master could be fought for, but the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, Gu Tianzhao didn’t want it, nor did he have the strength to ask for it!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping intended to follow Gu Tianzhao to the Two Yi Sect!
But as soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, suddenly a strange aura loomed above his head!
Chen Ping was shocked, he was still confident that this Gu Tianzhao wouldn’t dare to deceive him, but he didn’t expect it to come so soon.
“You dare to deceive me ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes widened roundly, confusing that Gu Tianzhao!
“No I didn’t ah, this is ……”
Gu Tianzhao was also shocked with both eyes, and before he could finish his words, several light flashes quickly hit Gu Tianzhao’s body!
Gu Tianzhao’s white eyes rolled and he directly fainted!
Chen Ping who saw this scene was also dumbfounded, originally he thought that it was a formation laid down by Gu Tianzhao to target himself!
However, this formation was going straight towards that Gu Tianzhao, which made Chen Ping a little puzzled!
“Who is it, come out if you can ……”
Chen Ping was actually panicking inside at the moment, the other party had silently laid down a spell formation above their heads and had left them unaware of it!
What was even more frightening was that Chen Ping could not even see the other party’s figure!
As he spoke, an eye began to appear on Chen Ping’s forehead, and the Heavenly Underworld Eye loomed out in all directions!
Chen Ping wanted to see what method the other party had used to make them invisible!
It should not be a simple invisibility technique, if it was an invisibility technique, there was no way to hide the breath of the body!
It was also able to be detected through the scent, the invisibility art could only deceive the vision, but there was no way to conceal the divine sense perception at all!
Accompanied by the fact that he did not open it, Chen Ping surprisingly found that above his head, a strangely shaped rune was floating, while Chen Ping fought to grab it, and then a to fire rose up and turned that rune into ashes!
However, what made Chen Ping feel strange was that after the rune became ashes, the ashes slowly drifted down and turned back into a rune!
The feeling was that Chen Ping’s Supreme Fire had just been wasted and had not burnt the rune at all!
Chen Ping frowned, his heart becoming more and more uneasy!
At the same time, a Supreme Flame rose from his palm and instantly struck out, and within a few feet in front of him was covered in Supreme Flames.
After the fusion of the Supreme Flame, Chen Ping’s Supreme Flame was a lot more powerful!
However, now that he could not even burn a single rune, this was too strange!
While striking the Supreme Flame, Chen Ping also raised his guard!
“You little doll, do you want to burn the old man to death? ……”
Accompanied by an old voice, the surrounding Supreme Flames all went out!
A somewhat hunchbacked old man appeared, the old man’s entire body was wrapped in an orange-coloured dress, the dress was full of runes of different shapes.
“What are you?”
When Chen Ping saw the old man, he instantly asked in a wary manner!
Chen Ping unknowingly offered the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, his eyes slightly narrowed as if he was facing an enemy!
“Don’t be so nervous, if I wanted to kill you, wouldn’t those divine lights have just hit you.”
“I’m just looking for you to have a chat!”
The old man said with a smile!
Chen Ping still did not dare to relax, seeing Gu Tianzhao who had fainted to death, he then asked, “Do you have a grudge following the Two Yi Sect?”
Chen Ping thought that the old man would be an enemy of the Two Yi Sect, so he had taken action against Gu Tianzhao.
“How could that be, I never make a grudge against anyone.”
The old man said!
Chen Ping on the other hand said as he retreated backwards, this old man in front of him was indeed unfathomable in his strength, he was a little puzzled!
Especially that art of formation, just now that rune, Chen Ping knew that he could not draw it at all!
For now, no matter who this old man was, Chen Ping ran away first!
The old man seemed to have seen Chen Ping’s attempts, and with a casual wave of his hand, the entire mountain was instantly enveloped by a formation, completely sealing Chen Ping’s path to escape!