Chen Ping brought Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng also jumped down from the spirit boat, looking at the dense corpses of demonic beasts on the sea surface, and in the hurricane of the storm around them, the aura was chaotic, and there were quite a lot of starlight flickering!
“Mr Chen, the starlight in that hurricane of yours, what are they all?”
Nie Heng asked!
It was only logical that there shouldn’t be any light in the hurricane!
“It should be the light emanating from some spirit stones or treasures.”
“Anything could exist in this vast ocean.”
“Let’s go over and take a look, there might be something to be gained!”
Chen Ping had a wind-stabilising bead in his hand, so entering that hurricane was not a hindrance!
An entire spirit boat was able to protect it, so it was still easy for the wind-stabilising bead to protect the three of them!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, can you take me along?”
At this time, Chen Wenliang approached over and asked!
He had long seen that Chen Ping wanted to enter that hurricane, there was no way for other cultivators to enter, but Chen Ping had no problem because Chen Ping had the Wind Fixing Bead!
“President Chen, of course you can ……”
Chen Ping agreed painfully.
The group slowly approached towards the hurricane at the edge of that storm, and as they entered the hurricane, they found quite a few spirit stones flying in mid-air!
“What kind of spirit stones are these that emit such a blinding light?”
Nie Heng asked curiously!
“Mending Goldstone, this is Mending Goldstone, this kind of crystal stone is worth a fortune.”
Chen Wenliang looked at those spirit stones and instantly shouted in excitement!
“What is a Mending Gold Stone?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, this Mending Gold Stone is a very rare type of spirit stone, not only can it enhance one’s cultivation, but most of all, it is of great help to cultivators who cultivate the Golden Origin.”
“However, in the five major regions of the Celestial Realm, this kind of spirit stone is extremely rare, but I didn’t expect that there would be so many of them in this sea, so it turns out that this kind of Mending Gold Stone is all inside the sea.”
Chen Wenliang said!
Chen Ping heard that it was surprisingly helpful for the Gold Origin, so with a wave of his palm, a Mending Gold Stone arrived in his hand!
Chen Ping happened to have also perceived the Gold Origin, and with this Mending Gold Stone, he would be able to make his Origin Power grow quite a bit!
“Do it together, but don’t be too far away from me, otherwise the Wind Fixing Bead will have no effect.”
Chen Ping said!
Ruyan Liu and the others nodded and then began to collect the gold mending stones in the hurricane!
Those other pill masters, on the other hand, were excitedly harvesting the beast dans of the demonic beasts, and there were some scattered spirit stones and treasures above the sea!
Outside the storm, Su Tianshuo and the others watched as Chen Ping and their spirit boat was caught up in that huge storm, and they all revealed smiles as well!
“This is great, entering into a storm of that magnitude, one would surely die.”
“When that storm stops, we’ll take that Chen Ping’s corpse and go to the Demon Sealing Alliance to claim our reward.”
Bao Longxing let out a long sigh of relief!
“This storm, it won’t stop without ten days and half a month.”
Feng Xing said!
When Pao Long Xing heard this, he frowned, “What then? Are we going to wait here on top of the spirit boat for half a month, wouldn’t that be annoying.”
Su Tianshuo also frowned, after half a day’s effort, if he couldn’t find Chen Ping’s corpse and couldn’t get the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, wouldn’t it be a wasted game!
If one were to float on top of this vast ocean for half a month, it could really suffocate one to death!
“President Su, Pao family head, through this stormy sea, there is a small island right in front of us, the scenery on the island is good, and there are quite a few spirit stones and immortal herbs, we can rest on the island for the time being, and wait for the storm to stop, and then come to look for that Chen Ping’s corpse.”
Feng Xing said!
“There is still an island here?”
Su Tianshuo was filled with astonishment!
To know that this place was thousands of miles away from the western continent, in the middle of the vast ocean, nothing was seen along the way!
Now that Feng Xing said that there was an island here, Su Tianshuo certainly looked surprised!