Old Five nodded, then picked up the hilt that had long since been severed, a turquoise aura was injected into the hilt, and soon the greatsword slowly shattered, followed by a faint green glow!
This green glow became a large sword, while the hilt was still held tightly in Old Five’s hand.
As the light dissipated, the greatsword in Old Five’s hand became complete, while a terrifying aura emanated from the blade.
And on the back of the blade, three large rings pa*sed through the blade, and the blade moved gently as the rings touched the blade with a crunching sound.
The boss, on the other hand, had a set of tiger fingers suddenly appear on his hand, with a single spike on the tiger finger that shone with a dazzling cold light!
When the tiger fingers appeared, a terrifying aura instantly struck everyone’s heart and shook everyone!
The mere aura emanating from this Martial Saint Weapon made many people feel the pressure, as if a huge mountain was pressing down on them.
This was a Martial Saint Weapon, a seemingly ordinary Martial Saint Weapon that could drive people mad!
One had to know how many Martial Dao families had never had a Martial Saint Artifact in their lifetime.
If a Martial Dao family possessed a Martial Saint Weapon, it would definitely be able to achieve the top position in the Martial Dao world!
This shows the value of these Martial Saint Artifacts!
The appearance of the two Martial Saint Weapons caused the crowd in the stands to hold their breath!
Although Chen Ping was very strong and had just defeated five Great Martial Marquis with a single sword!
But with the appearance of the Martial Saint Artifacts, the scales of victory instantly tilted towards the side of the Martial Alliance.
One must know that by taking out a Martial Saint Artifact, the strength of even one Great Martial Marquis would increase exponentially!
Not to mention that these were two Martial Saint Artifacts, how else could Chen Ping deal with them?
Chen Ping quietly looked at the Martial Saint Artifacts that the Martial Alliance had revealed, his heart filled with searing heat!
The Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand continued to buzz, and the light on the sword grew more and more intense!
In the end, the light from the sword enveloped the entire martial arena, and the pressure the crowd had just felt from the Martial Saint Weapon on them instantly became relaxed under this light!
The aura emanating from the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand instantly crushed those two Martial Saint Artifacts!
“Chen Ping, originally we were going to capture you alive, but you sought your own death, so you can’t blame me.”
The boss finished speaking and smashed his fist into the void!
A huge wave of energy was heading towards Chen Ping, the entire void was trembling, at this moment this energy was like a fierce beast, opening its bloody mouth to devour Chen Ping!
In response to the boss’s strike, Chen Ping raised his Dragon Slashing Sword without panic and slashed down with a fierce slash!
A wave of energy in front of Chen Ping was instantly cut off by this light, and the turbulent void turned into a chaotic flow and began to run around!
And with another swing of the Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, the turbulence disappeared and the entire void became calm!
The boss’s Martial Saint Weapon strike was lightly defused by Chen Ping with the Dragon Chopper Sword.
The black and silver robed Boss frowned slightly and bellowed, “Let’s go together ……”
Faced with the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, although he had the Martial Saint Weapon in his hand, the boss was still a little unsure in his heart.
So let’s just go together and blast Chen Ping straight into slag.
In a flash, the blades rose up above the ring, all heading towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword, he put all his hopes on the Dragon Cutting Sword.
The Dragon Cutting Sword seemed to sense Chen Ping’s wish and let out a buzzing sound!
Then Chen Ping took the Dragon Cutting Sword out of his hand, and along with a sharp whistle, a green light flew out from the Dragon Cutting Sword!
This was the spirit of the sword, only to see the green light circling around the Dragon Cutting Sword a few times, as if the Dragon Cutting Sword was inspired to fight, the buzzing sound was so loud that many people couldn’t help but plug their ears!