“Big brother, these guys are tough-mouthed, I have an idea ……”
Said the man, Kawashima Hiroshi a vertical into the depths of the Pill God Valley!
Immediately after that came a burst of screams and cries, and soon that Kawashima Hiroji returned, surprisingly carrying two children in his hands.
The two children were crying out in Kawashima Hiroshi’s hands.
“Let go of my children, let go of my children …………”
At this moment, a middle-aged woman cloaked in hair ran over, she didn’t care what kind of martial arts clan Kawashima Hiroshi was or wasn’t, this middle-aged woman was just an ordinary person, she couldn’t watch her children being taken away!
The middle-aged woman ran up to Hiroji Kawashima and tried to take the child away from him!
But she was not as strong as Kawashima Hiroji, and the middle-aged woman ended up biting him on the arm.
As the saying goes, a woman is weak, but a mother is strong!
The middle-aged woman refused to be robbed of her own child, so she exploded with the most insane force!
This bite instantly made a bloody mark on Hiroji Kawashima’s arm!
Seeing this, Kawashima Koji became furious and kicked out, sending the middle-aged woman flying straight away.
Seeing this, Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan rushed forward to catch the middle-aged woman, but unfortunately the middle-aged woman was only an ordinary person, so she could not withstand Kawashima’s kick.
The middle-aged woman was bleeding from the mouth and nose, and her eyes were wide open, and she was not breathing.
Seeing this, Xu Changsheng’s eyes instantly flamed with anger, “Let these two children go, they are just ordinary people, not martial artists, what you are doing is too despicable.”
There are many ordinary people living in the Pill God Valley, just now Kawashima Hiroji was breaking into the place where those ordinary people live and then grabbed the two children!
“Mama …… Mama …………”
The two children cried out and kept shouting for their mother!
It was a pity that at this moment they did not know that at this moment their mother would never come back to them.
What Kawashima Hiroji did completely aroused the anger of all the Pill God Valley disciples.
At this moment, there was no more fear in their hearts, there was only endless anger and murderous anger!
All the Pill God Valley disciples took a few steps forward and tightly surrounded the five island warriors in the middle, their endless killing aura enveloping the five island warriors.
“Hand over that Chen Ping and I can let these two children go, otherwise I will crush them into mush ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi was not the least bit afraid, even if it provoked the anger of the crowd, he had nothing to fear, this was a sign of strength.
Xu Changsheng looked at the two wailing children, although angry, but there was nothing he could do, he was in a dilemma left and right!
“I’ll give you three seconds to think about it.”
Kawashima Hiroji said, and began to count.
“Three.”
“Two.”
Xu Changsheng’s forehead was already full of cold sweat, this was the toughest decision he had ever made in one sitting, should he save the two children and hand Chen Ping over, or should he use the lives of the whole valley to keep Chen Ping?
“One.”
After the word one was out, Kawashima Hiroji lifted the two children straight up, now as soon as he let go, the two children were going to be dropped to their deaths.
“Stop it ……”
In the nick of time, Long Wu arrived.
“Mr. Long ……”
Seeing Long Wu, Xu Changsheng hurriedly greeted him.
Kawashima Hiroshi looked at Long Wu: “Who are you?”
Long Wu ignored him, but looked at the child in Kawashima Hiroshi’s hand, so he said to Long Wu, “Go and call Chen Ping here ……”
“Mr. Long? If the Valley Master is here, he can …………”
Xu Changsheng looked at the five island warriors, he was afraid that Chen Ping was no match for the other side at all.
After all, these were five eighth grade Martial Sects, and among them, that Kawashima Hiroshi was already vaguely at the peak of Martial Sect strength.
“Go and call him, otherwise if he finds out, he will have a hard time in life ……”
Long Wu knew Chen Ping, if Chen Ping knew that so many people had been sacrificed to save himself, even the children, Chen Ping would definitely blame himself for the rest of his life.