And at this time, inside the Regal Hotel, the banquet was over and the crowd had long since left, Gu Wentian left Chen Ping behind and said, “Mr. Chen, you entrusted me with the matter of finding the spirit pen and vermilion sand, because that Daoist Master Bu Xu went out to seek medical treatment, it will still take some time before he can return!”
“No matter, I’m sorry for your trouble!” Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
His own mother’s eyes had been there for such a long time, he didn’t care about waiting for a few more days, after all, such matters couldn’t be rushed!
“What are you talking about, Mr. Chen, in the future, whenever Mr. Chen needs to use my old man, just ask!”
Gu Wentian said boldly.
After exchanging a few pleasantries, Chen Ping intended to leave, but was stopped by Tang Long, who then fiercely fell to his knees in front of Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen is talented in both martial arts, I hope Mr. Chen will accept me as his disciple ……”
Tang Long had just seen the strength of Chen Ping and wanted to defeat him as his master!
Chen Ping grabbed Tang Long’s shoulders and lifted him up with a slight force, “How can I be qualified to be someone’s master with this skill of mine, you think too highly of me ……”
Chen Ping practiced Dharma, following Tang Long and the rest of the martial artists was not the same thing, so there was no way to teach him anything, was he going to teach him mind techniques?
“Mr. Chen, you …………”
“Tang Long, well, since Mr. Chen said so, you shouldn’t be forcing yourself!”
Gu Wentian stopped Tang Long, although Gu Wentian himself was not a martial artist, he also understood some of the things here, his own skills, how could he easily teach people!
Seeing this, Tang Long could only retreat to the side and not speak anymore!
“Brother Tang, if you have anything, we can exchange, to be your master, I am never that qualified ……”
Chen Ping said with a slightly apologetic smile.
“Thank you Mr. Chen ……”
Tang Long said with a happy face!
When Chen Ping left the hotel and returned to the Pan Long Bay Villa, he found that his parents were not there, which made Chen Ping a bit puzzled, after all, he had just moved here, his parents were unfamiliar with the place, where could they go?
After learning that Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying had returned to live in their original house, Chen Ping hurried back!
“Dad, Mom, what are you doing back here? Are you not used to living in Pan Long Bay? The air and environment there are better than here, aren’t they?”
Chen Ping asked, full of confusion.
It was Tang Hongying who sighed, “Chen Ping, you just got out of prison, don’t always think about getting rich overnight. Don’t get any delusions of grandeur!”
“Mom, did someone say something to you guys?” Chen Ping frowned slightly!
“Don’t worry about it, I said, you should not be seeing Su Yuqi anymore, in addition that house in Pan Long Bay is returned to others, your father and I will not go to live there either, I don’t ask you to be rich and famous, you just need to find a good job and get a daughter-in-law to pa*s on to the next generation ……”
Tang Hongying’s tone was a bit heavy, it looked like she was angry!
When Chen Ping saw that his mother was angry, he didn’t dare to say anything, and could only nod: “Mom, I’ll listen to you ……”
All these years, his mother had cried her eyes out for himself, and he didn’t know how much he had suffered, Chen Ping didn’t want to make his mother angry again!
The two of you are also considered to have known each other since you were young, and you have been a greenhorn, so if you don’t mind, I will talk to your aunt Wang about it. ……”
Although Tang Hongying can’t see with both eyes, she has always had big and small things on her mind!