On the other hand, Chen Ping, looking at the empty ruins, looked very grave, he always felt that something was wrong somewhere!
Such an empty relic, why did it need to be protected by such a strong formation?
And that Ning Zhi, why did he let everyone enter inside this relic?
Suddenly, Chen Ping’s eyes suddenly lit up and he hurriedly said, “Retreat, get out, let’s get out of here.”
“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong?”
Jiang Wei asked, puzzled.
Chen Ping did not explain, and at this moment Hu Ma Zi also looked startled, “Oh no, a Heavenly Lightning Formation has been laid here, it’s a trap, let’s go.”
But just as Chen Ping and the others were about to turn around and leave through the tunnel, a terrifying strong wind suddenly struck, causing Chen Ping and the others to rush backwards!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, don’t even think about coming out.”
Ning Zhi stood inside the tunnel and burst into laughter, followed by the sight of the tunnel being blocked by a huge boulder!
This sudden movement instantly attracted everyone’s attention, and seeing the canal blocked by a boulder, many people began to panic!
“What’s going on? What’s going on?”
“Why is the entrance blocked? Who did this?”
“How are we going to get out? We’re not going to be buried here, are we?”
Many people were shouting in panic!
And at that moment, a lightning-like current began to appear in the sky above the entire ruins, constantly emitting a blue glow!
Seeing this strange phenomenon, many people tilted their heads to look!
“This couldn’t be a sign of a revival of aura, could it?”
Someone suddenly shouted out, thinking that this vision was about to be a revival of spiritual energy!
But in his heart, Chen Ping knew that this was the Heavenly Thunder Formation laid by that Ning Zhi and the others, presumably to kill everyone here!
Boom …………
Suddenly, a lightning bolt struck down, instantly hitting the ground and directly shattering it!
When the crowd saw this scene, they were all shocked beyond belief, looking at the dense blue light in mid-air, all scared silly!
If all of them were to be struck down, would they still be able to live?
Rumble …………
Several people were killed when they were unable to dodge the lightning.
Everyone was terrified and rushed desperately towards the entrance, but the cave entrance was blocked by huge rocks, so there was no way out!
Some people panicked and slapped their palms towards the boulder, intending to smash it and escape from here!
It should be easy to smash a boulder, knowing that many of the people in here were Great Martial Marquis.
But to my surprise, the man slapped his palm out and the boulder didn’t move at all!
And at that moment the heavenly thunder above the head came down again, instantly killing many more people!
This time, the crowd became even more alarmed, the boulder could not be opened, so they would all die here sooner or later!
“Brother Jiu, what should we do?”
Zhu Hao asked with a panicked look on his face.
“How the hell should I know ……”
At this moment, Hong Qianjiu was also panicking, trapped here, it was obvious that someone had done it on purpose.
“I’ll try …….”
Only to see Qiao Zhiyong, who had never opened his mouth, walk up to the boulder!
Immediately afterwards, Qiao Zhiyong’s body emitted the aura of a peak Grand Martial Marquis, which instantly shocked Hong Qianjiu and that Zhu Hao!
Neither of them had expected that Qiao Zhiyong would be at the peak of the Great Martial Marquis’ strength, it looked like he had been hiding his strength all along!
Qiao Zhiyong’s overwhelming and domineering aura instantly blasted out with a palm strike towards the boulder!
Boom …………
The palm struck the boulder and instantly the entire ruins were dusty, but unfortunately the boulder remained untouched!
“This …………”
Qiao Zhiyong was stunned, looking at the boulder in front of him, his face full of shock!
But under Qiao Zhiyong’s palm, a light suddenly emerged from the boulder, and then a pattern of a Qilin beast appeared on the boulder, as if it was carved on it.
Qiao Zhiyong looked at the Qilin beast and frowned slightly, his anger rising.