“Fellow Daoist, this is Master Ji, it’s a blessing for you that he can get on your dirigible, that yellow and blue city in front of you, the Ji family is the biggest family, if you want to go to the city in front of you to rest, then don’t offend Master Ji.”
That cultivator whispered to Ji Yun!
“Ji Family?” Ji Yun froze, and then had a few moments of surprise on his face, because his father had said that their old family was in the Central Region, so maybe this Second Master Ji, was his own relative!
Thinking of this, Ji Yun was about to rush up and follow the other party to recognise his relatives, only to be pulled back by Chen Ping!
“Let these people go up first before ……”
Chen Ping said to Ji Yun!
Ji Yun didn’t understand what Chen Ping meant, but still followed Chen Ping’s meaning and said towards the surrounding cultivators “Since it’s on the way, then everyone get on the airships ……”
When Ji Yun said this, the many cultivators all thanked him!
Soon, the airship started and flew towards the city in front!
That Second Master Ji sat at the very front, and around him, not a single person dared to sit, the others all squeezed in the back, perhaps for fear of provoking him!
“Mr Chen, why don’t you let me go up and ask ah, maybe this Second Master Ji is my relative.”
Ji Yun said to Chen Ping in disbelief!
“It’s better for you not to reveal that you are a member of the Ji family, wait until we get to that Yellow and Blue City and inquire about the Ji family before we make plans.”
Chen Ping said!
Ji Yun had also never stayed in the Ji family since he was a child, so the people of the Ji family did not know him, and did not even have any feelings for him, and without knowing anything about the Ji family, Chen Ping was afraid that if Ji Yun rashly recognised his family, Chen Ping was afraid that there would be something wrong with him!
“If you guys want to inquire about Yellow and Blue City, just ask me directly, I’ve been in this Yellow and Blue City for more than ten years.”
The cultivator who had started to stop Ji Yun from getting angry came over!
Chen Ping took a glance at this cultivator, not very tall, sharp-tongued, but with a pair of eyes that gleamed!
At a glance, this cultivator was the type of person who was greedy for money and lust!
Chen Ping did not ask anything and directly took out a million spirit coins and threw it to the cultivator!
Taking the money, the cultivator was instantly happy, and hurriedly said “You guys can ask whatever you want, feel free to ask, I’ll know everything and say everything.”
“Let me ask you, within this Yellow Blue City, is the Ji Family the largest family? Could there be a City Lord within Yellow Blue City?”
Chen Ping asked the cultivator!
“Of course it is the Ji family that is the biggest, there is a city lord in this Yellow Blue City, but he is also a puppet, all know that the Ji family has the final say in this Yellow Blue City.”
“Do you guys know why this city is called Yellow Blue City?”
The cultivator asked mysteriously!
Chen Ping shook his head!
“Look, what colour are the clothes of that Second Master Ji?” That cultivator said as he pointed to the Second Master Ji at the very front!
Chen Ping glanced at it and then said “A light blue tunic.”
“That’s right, the Ji family had another boss, the current Ji family head, and what their lineage wore was yellow, so later on, this city was called the Yellow and Blue City.”
That cultivator explained!
“You’re saying that there are two brothers holding this Ji Family?”
“I heard that the Ji Family is made up of three brothers, only that many years ago, the youngest brother of the Ji Family left the Ji Family for a woman, and there was no word from him. Now it’s just these two brothers who hold the Ji Family.”
That cultivator said!
As soon as that cultivator’s words fell, Ji Yun’s face instantly showed excitement, wasn’t this talking about the father who was right there?
Just as Ji Yun was filled with excitement and wanted to reveal his identity, he was given a cold look by Chen Ping, Ji Yun swallowed back the words that had reached his mouth!
However, Ji Yun did not know that not far away from them, a cultivator with a full beard was staring at them closely!