Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly put away his killing intent and said to the little boy, “Little friend, what is your name? Now you can take me there and save Yun’er and the others!”
“My name is Pillar, just the two of us won’t work, I’m going to find the old village chief.”
Pillar said as he ran towards a house!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only follow, now only Pillar knew where Yun’er was and where they were.
Soon, Chen Ping followed Pillar into the house, only to see an old man, as thin as a bone, smoking a dry cigarette, sitting on a chair!
This man was the old village chief of Bashi village, who later pa*sed the position of village chief to the young Ah Li because of his old age!
However, the old village chief was still very prestigious in Bashi Village, and if there was a matter in Bashi Village in the absence of Ah Li, the old village chief would still have to be consulted.
This old village chief gave Chen Ping a look and did not show surprise, it seemed that Chen Ping had been in this Boulder village for a few days and all knew him!
“Pillar, what’s going on, I heard you shouting outside!”
The old village chief asked to the pillar!
“Old Village Chief, Brother Ah Li and Sister Yun’er and the others hunted a demon tiger, but they were robbed by the people of Da Qing Village and injured Brother Ah Li and Sister Yun’er and the others, and now they are all being held!”
Pillar said with an anxious face!
“What?” The old village headman’s eyes burst out with a cold aura, and he threw his dry cigarette on the table, “These beasts from Da Qing Village are fighting us at every turn, and now they are openly robbing and beating people.”
“You immediately gather everyone from Bashi Village and go fight with them ……”
After the old village chief finished speaking, he bent down and pulled out a large knife from under the table that had long been rusted!
“Wait a minute ……”
Chen Ping stopped the pillar and then asked the old village chief, “Old village chief, how does the strength of our Bashi village compare to that Big Green village?”
“What else can we do, that Big Green Village has double our population and is also strong, they often bully our village and we can only put up with it!”
Without waiting for the old village chief to speak, Pillar spoke up!
“Pillar, shut up!” The old village chief yelled at Pillar, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Although our Dashi village is not as strong as Da Qing village, it is not something that can be easily bullied, even if we have to fight for our lives today, we have to save Ah Li and the others from the Da Qing village.”
The old village chief looked really angry, as the saying goes, when a rabbit is anxious, it bites!
“Old Village Chief, since our Bashi Village is not as strong as that Big Green Village, if you rashly bring people there like this, you will definitely suffer great losses, and it is possible that the people of Bashi Village will suffer heavy casualties!”
Chen Ping hurriedly advised the old village chief!
“Then what should we do? Should we just stand by and watch Da Qing Village bully people and watch them capture our people without saving them?”
The old village chief angrily glared at Chen Ping and roared!
“Old Village Chief, I didn’t say I wouldn’t save them, you don’t need to take the whole village with you, let Pillar take me to the place where Yun’er and the others were captured, I’ll be able to save them myself!”
Chen Ping said to the old village chief!
“Just you?” The old village chief looked Chen Ping up and down “I know you used to be very powerful, but how can you save people now that you are as useless?”
When Chen Ping was rescued back to Bashi Village, his tendons and veins were exhausted, his essence and blood were burning empty, and even his breath was weak to the extreme!
Now Chen Ping was lucky to be alive, how could he still want to save others?
It was obvious that the old village chief didn’t believe him at all!
“Old Village Chief, are you willing to watch the men, women and children of your village die horribly? I hope you can trust me, I will definitely get the people out for you!”
Chen Ping a*sured the old village chief!
Although Chen Ping had only recovered a small portion of his strength, it was more than enough to deal with the villagers around here!