Just when Chen Ping was somewhat at a loss for words, the villa door was pushed open and Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng walked in.
Seeing the scene in front of them, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng hurriedly turned their heads aside, “Mr. Chen, sorry, we didn’t know you guys had this hobby in the early morning ……”
With that, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng were about to leave, but they were stopped by Chen Ping: “Stop, I’m just having breakfast, I don’t have any hobbies!”
Chen Ping then took the opportunity to stand up and move away from Xiao Lan.
“How did you two know I was back?”
Chen Ping did not inform the two of them when he returned from the Miao Village, because during this period of time, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng were in the stage of growing their strength by leaps and bounds, and the enemies at hand were getting stronger and stronger, so if Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng only stayed at Zong Shi strength, they were afraid that it would be difficult to cope with what would happen in the future.
Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng also knew that with this strength, they could not help Chen Ping at all and might become a burden to him, so the two of them also tried their best to cultivate, and with the help of Chen Ping’s Great Returning Pill, the two of them grew in strength very quickly.
“It was Ancient that told us!” Lin Tianhu hurriedly said.
“What do you two want from me?”
Chen Ping knew that Gu Wentian would not tell Lin Tianhu and the others about his whereabouts for no reason, so it must be that the two were looking for him for something.
“Mr. Chen, since you defeated Qin Xiaolin, many legends of you in the martial arts community, now the martial arts community in Jiangbei and Jiangnan provinces, have come together to form a martial arts alliance and wish to recommend Mr. Chen as the alliance leader, so we begged the two of us to come and ask Mr. Chen to ……”
Red Phoenix directly stated the intention of coming.
“No, I’m not interested in how to be an alliance leader ……”
Chen Ping refused straight away, he had many things to attend to himself, how could he have the time to manage any martial alliance and be an alliance master.
Seeing Chen Ping’s refusal, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng suddenly had a difficult look on their faces.
Seeing this situation, Chen Ping’s face turned cold and said, “You two are not taking benefits from others, are you?”
Seeing Chen Ping say this, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng were instantly startled.
“Mr. Chen, how dare we, I just think Mr. Chen to be an ally or not, it is necessary to go there, because this time the Ren family in Jiangnan said that they have prepared a generous gift for Mr. Chen, but the Ren family is ancestral heard to be from tomb raiding, I think their family must have rare treasures, may be useful to Mr. Chen …… ”
Lin Tianhu hurriedly explained.
“The Ren family?” Chen Ping frowned slightly, he didn’t seem to have heard of it.
Remembering the Martial Dao Conference held at the Pill King’s Mansion in Tianfeng Town, Chen Ping had not seen the Ren Family come out, nor had he heard of it.
“Mr. Chen, this Ren family is not a martial dao family, but because this Ren family’s ancestors were born from tomb robbing, so there are many strange and exotic treasures in the family, and many people set foot in the Ren family, hoping to buy something they like, so people are very famous in Jiangnan ……”
Seeing this, Chifeng followed Chen Ping and explained.
Chen Ping then nodded, so this Ren family is not a martial arts family, no wonder he had not heard of it.
After thinking about it, there were still a few days before the 15th of July, and without the spirit stones, Chen Ping relied on the heaven and earth spiritual qi to cultivate, the effect would be minimal, so he might as well follow Lin Tianhu and the others on a trip, he might be able to get something useful for himself at the others.
“Alright, I’ll change my clothes and leave right away ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and turned around to go to his room to change his clothes.
Xiaolan, on the other hand, got up and walked over to Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix, asking curiously, “Who are you two to Chen Ping? Why are you so afraid of him?”
Xiao Lan was curious, looking at Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng, they were both somewhat strong and had extraordinary weapons, so they were definitely not ordinary people, how could they be so afraid of Chen Ping.
Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng looked at each other and were all stunned, “Miss Mei’er doesn’t know the two of us?”