Chen Ping was lying quietly in the Spirit Pool, the moonlight spread over his body, Chen Ping’s body had almost become a translucent suit!
Around Chen Ping’s body, countless tiny vortexes were constantly absorbing the Spirit Qi in the Spirit Pool!
That thick spirit mist was decreasing with the naked eye!
If someone saw this absorption speed of Chen Ping, they would probably be shocked!
Just as Chen Ping slightly closed his eyes, his body was floating in the Spirit Pool, absorbing the spiritual qi, soothing and refreshing!
A few bubbles emerged from the bottom of the water, followed by a girl with long hair draped over her shoulders emerging from the water!
The girl’s skin was like sheep’s fat jade, without a single blemish, as if it had been soaked in milk!
‘The aura in this Spirit Pool, how did it dissipate so quickly?’
With a face full of doubts, the girl got out of the water and looked around!
But when she placed her gaze on Chen Ping, her entire body instantly froze, her mouth opened wide, her eyes rounded, and her entire body was dumbfounded!
At this moment, Chen Ping was floating naked on the Spirit Pool, and the sunlight shining on Chen Ping’s body was emitting a faint white light!
Chen Ping’s entire body was exposed to the girl’s eyes!
But Chen Ping did not even know it yet, still enjoying himself with his eyes closed!
‘Ah …………’
Accompanied by a scream from the girl, it directly scared Chen Ping into opening his eyes!
Chen Ping hurriedly looked up and happened to see the naked girl as well!
The two people looked at each other in all directions!
The two men and women who were strangers to each other were actually seeing each other frankly at this moment, an atmosphere that was both awkward and subtle!
Chen Ping looked at the girl’s jewellery-like skin, as well as her exquisite figure, and his heartbeat actually began to accelerate!
It was important to know that Chen Ping was not short of women around him, and there was no shortage of beautiful women either.
The current Chen Ping, facing a woman, was able to do so with his heart as if it was still water!
However, at this moment, Chen Ping’s heart actually started to speed up, and his breathing became heavy!
Because this girl’s skin was just too good, and her whole face looked like it had been carved deliberately!
Chen Ping’s side of the woman, to be able to follow the skin of the girl in front of him compared to, for fear, is only Ji Ruxue!
However, Ji Ruxue was in the secular world, and Chen Ping had not seen her for several months!
‘Rascal, bast*rd …………’
After a short period of staring at each other, the girl violently sank her body into the water and swung her palm towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping leapt and jumped directly onto the shore, grabbing his clothes and dressing as he ran!
At this time, Chen Ping was afraid that he couldn’t explain it in any way!
In the middle of the night, he ran into someone’s courtyard and jumped naked into their spirit pool to bathe!
This how to say is useless ah!
Chen Ping ran away, the girl did not chase after him!
Only after returning to his own courtyard did Chen Ping let out a long breath, fortunately no one saw him, if he was taken as a pervert, it would be a shame!
Not to mention learning any Supreme Fire Fusion Technique, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to stay in the Purple Flame Sect!
However, remembering that girl’s body and skin, Chen Ping’s mouth curled into a smile!
Although he had seen it unintentionally, he had seen it after all!
‘Senior brother, you haven’t rested at this late hour, were you woken up as well?’
At this time, Wei Qing walked over and asked Chen Ping!
Seeing Wei Qing ask this, Chen Ping immediately reacted and nodded, ‘En, I just heard what seemed like a noise, so I came out to take a look!’
‘I don’t know who it is, shouting in the middle of the night, we must find out tomorrow and punish them severely!’
Wei Qing said indignantly!
‘Senior brother, maybe it’s too depressing, what about venting out your emotions at night, I don’t think it needs to be so harsh.’
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
He didn’t want Wei Qing to investigate tomorrow, if this was investigated, how could he stay on!
‘Senior brother, I didn’t expect you to be rich and powerful, and also have a good heart, good men like you really don’t come along very often!’
Wei Qing praised Chen Ping!