Above the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Two domineering auras came rushing in!
“Big brother, there are people coming to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty again, it seems that they are also running towards that Chen Ping, how many people are there?”
The slim man looked into the distance and said with a slight frown!
“The more people the better, so we can also fish in troubled waters!”
The brocade-robed man said with a slight smile!
“Big brother, so many people are running towards Chen Ping, when the time comes, if someone gets it first, then won’t we have travelled for nothing?”
“I think we should still make our move and rush to kill that Chen Ping before these people do.”
The burly man was somewhat resting on his inner anxiety!
“You fool, so many people are waiting, no one has entered the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to kill that Chen Ping, can’t you see the reason?”
“These guys have all lived for thousands of years, each and every one of them is incredibly shrewd, since they don’t make a move, they must have investigated as well, you stay honestly, without me giving the word, never make a move!”
The brocade-robed man glared at the stout man and said!
The burly man lowered his head and stopped talking, but his face clearly carried defiance!
Two auras came quickly, and when they got closer, they realised that it was a male cultivator with a female cultivator in white behind him!
These two people were none other than the two Lin Ke Dong and Lin Ruoya!
Seeing that Lin Ke Dong and Lin Ruoya were not stronger than themselves, the three men then greeted them!
When they arrived in front of Lin Ke Dong, before the three of them could say anything, Lin Ke Dong said with a disdainful look on his face, “Get the hell out of my way, are you guys also here to execute that Chen Ping and ask for that 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones?”
The three froze, they did not expect Lin Ke Dong to be so rampant!
“Damn, what the hell are you, dare to tell us to get lost, I think you are tired of living, believe it or not I will smash you to death with a hammer and then play with the female cultivator behind you?”
The burly man’s face was furious, and the meteor hammer in his hand kept turning!
“You ……”
When Lin Ruoya heard this, she was so angry that she instantly drew her sword!
On the other hand, Lin Ke Dong said with a cold face, “What the hell am I? Let me tell you, I’m Lin Ke Dong of Sun Moon City, don’t even say that you’ll smash me to death with a hammer, if you dare to touch a single finger of mine, Sun Moon City will break you into pieces and you won’t be able to be reborn for eternity!”
“Sun Moon City?”
The three men were all startled and visibly took two steps backward!
Especially that stout man, his face became very ugly!
The three of them were just casual cultivators, where did they have the capital to fight with Sun Moon City, who was considered a bullish existence among the hidden forces of the Celestial Realm!
“Sir Lin, I’m really sorry, my brother was reckless just now, I beg you to be an adult.”
The brocade-robed man apologised with a smile on his face, his expression that was flattering!
Seeing the brocade robed man with such an expression, Lin Ke Dong finally revealed a hint of a smile, being flattered by someone was the most comfortable!
“You three watch honestly, when I kill that Chen Ping and get 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, I will reward you with some at that time.”
Lin Ke Dong said in a very inflated manner!
“Many thanks, Mr Lin ……”
The brocade-robed man hurriedly thanked him!
“Great Prince, this Xiao Dynasty had been renewed by a high person for thousands of years, we can’t rush into the Xiao Dynasty to kill people.”
“There is also that Ten Temples, who will never be any kind of trustworthy person, so even if we kill that Chen Ping, we won’t necessarily be able to get the 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, so I still ask that the Grand Imperial Prince act cautiously!”
Lin Ruoya advised Lin Ke Dong!
“Hahaha, didn’t I tell you, I don’t care if that Ten Temples gives Immortal Spirit Stones to others or not, if I kill that Chen Ping, and they dare not give me Immortal Spirit Stones, I’ll bring the Forbidden Guards to flatten the Ten Temples in one fell swoop.”
Lin Ke Dong laughed out loud with a very arrogant look.
The three brocade-robed men on the side, listening to Lin Ke Dong’s words, none of them dared to question, after all, the strength of Sun Moon City was on the table, it was not inferior to the Ten Temples in the slightest, and was even higher than the Ten Temples’!