“Whose disciple is this? How could he defeat Liu Sh*tong?”
“He’s really hiding something, but this Cheng Ping’s name is very unfamiliar!”
“The most powerful disciple outside the Purple Flame Sect is Lu San, why is there a Cheng Ping?”
Several Elders discussed, while Elder Yu did not say a word!
This time, Chen Ping was considered to be famous, just don’t expose yourself as receiving money when the time comes!
“Elder Yu, do you recognise this Cheng Ping? Whose disciple?”
An elder asked!
Elder Yu hesitated and said in a slightly embarrassed manner, “It’s a disciple I just took in!”
“What? Elder Yu just accepted a disciple?”
This time, the several elders all exploded!
A disciple who had just been accepted had defeated Liu Sh*tong, this was too awesome!
And right at this moment, the referee elder hurriedly delivered the record jade slip!
Accompanied by a spiritual force that was punched into the jade slip, a white mist slowly appeared in the void!
Immediately after, the images of Chen Ping and Liu Sh*tong’s match appeared within the white mist, and even the sound was clear!
This was also for the sake of fairness, if the referee elders were not fair, there was still a record of the jade slip for other elders to judge!
Watching the footage of Chen Ping following Liu Sh*tong in a match, everyone was filled with shock!
Especially when Chen Ping was scorched by the Supreme Flame, the power of this Supreme Flame was such that even they, the Elders, might not be able to carry it off!
However, the images of Liu Sh*tong using the Top Secret Supreme Flame and also casting the Black Demon Lotus were all exposed as well!
Seeing this, Huo Yuan Ting’s face was uglier than eating sh*t!
After all, this top secret fire, even the general elders are not qualified to learn it, but Liu Sh*tong, a deacon disciple, even knows the top secret fire, needless to say, it must be Huo Yuan Ting who secretly taught him!
There is also that black magic lotus, although Liu Sh*tong learnt is not a magic skill, but that black magic lotus is also a magic cultivator thing, a human clan cultivator, but secretly pregnant with the devil’s thing, is also not shameful!
Watching that competition picture, everyone’s expression became complicated!
Until the very end, when the image of Liu Sh*tong being sent flying by a punch and then begging for mercy and shouting for his big brother appeared, Huo Yuan Ting could no longer sit still!
With a wave of his hand, he destroyed the recording jade slip, and the image disappeared instantly.
“Waste, simply waste ……”
Huo Yuan Ting was enraged!
His own favoured disciple had been beaten in public and begged for mercy, and had to call out big brother with a cry!
The other elders were secretly covering their mouths and laughing while they were shocked!
Elder Yu collected his shock, then turned to Huo Yuan Ting and said, “Sect Master Huo, this favoured disciple of yours is really something, even our Violet Flame Sect’s Top Secret Supreme Flame has comprehended it.”
“I remember the rules of the Purple Flame Sect, the Top Secret Supreme Flame cannot be cultivated by disciples below the level of Elder, now your disciple is only a deacon, how did he refine that Top Secret Supreme Flame?”
Elder Yu preemptively attacked, he wanted to make Huo Yuanting tired of explaining and forget to ask something about Chen Ping!
Otherwise, it would be difficult for him to investigate!
“Yes, how did that Liu Sh*tong get top secret to fire?”
“There is also something of the demonic race in his body, that Liu Sh*tong wouldn’t be following a demonic cultivator to make secret deals, right?”
Another elder rose to ask!
Huo Yuan Ting had a cold sweat on his forehead, even though he was the Sect Master, the rules of the Purple Flame Sect couldn’t be broken!
“It could be that when I was practising, it was stolen by that Liu Sh*tong, I will investigate this matter clearly.”
“If everyone doesn’t have anything else to do, let’s all disperse!”
Huo Yuan Ting waved his hand, then got up and left in a hurry!
Seeing Huo Yuan Ting leave, Elder Yu also let out a sigh of relief, it looked like Huo Yuan Ting would not pursue Chen Ping’s matter for the time being!
“Elder Yu, where did you find this bullish disciple?”
“This is too bullish, beating Liu Sh*tong and calling out to his big brother.”
“If there were a few more of these disciples, it would be impossible for the old sect master to be squeezed out by that Huo Yuan Ting!”
Several elders surrounded Elder Yu, chattering and asking!