“Hahahaha, even if they are all there, what can they do? Today I’m going to take this little girl away, who can stop me ……”
Long Xiao said, and actually reached out towards Xiao Ru and grabbed her.
Zhao Barging gritted his teeth, “Long Xiao, I will fight with you ……”
After saying that, Zhao Barging tried his best and smashed his palm towards Long Xiao.
However, Long Xiao did not put Zhao Zhaoge in his eyes, after all, Zhao Zhaoge’s current strength was not comparable to him at all.
Even if Long Xiao stood still and let Zhao Bash hit his body, Long Xiao would not be harmed.
Boom!
Zhao Zhaogao’s fist hit Long Xiao’s body fiercely, but he himself took several steps backwards and fell to the ground at once, and at this moment, Zhao Zhaogao’s wrist was even bursting with pain, his hand bone was fractured!
Can there be anything more humiliating than hitting someone and injuring yourself, while the other party did not suffer any damage?
“Just like you, it’s better to save your strength and learn how to save a hero ……”
Long Xiao sneered as he gave Zhao Beng a glance, then grabbed at Xiao Ru.
Xiao Ru, on the other hand, was full of anger, her hands waved gently, and in an instant a coolness struck, Xiao Ru’s hands had actually condensed frost at this moment!
Both palms then came out in unison, two spiritual energy intermingled with frost, whistling towards Long Xiao.
“Body of Ice Crystal, this little girl is a Body of Ice Crystal ……”
The astonished voice of the soul spirit flashed through Long Xiao’s mind instantly!
Before Long Xiao could react to what was the Body of Ice Crystal, his entire body was struck by those two frost powers, and immediately afterwards his body actually started to freeze up.
Layer after layer of frost began to condense on Long Xiao’s body, and at this moment, Long Xiao had directly turned into an ice man!
“You are the one who caused Brother Chen Ping, I will kill you ……”
Seeing that her hand, had frozen Long Xiao, Xiao Ru hurriedly leapt up and slapped her palm towards Long Xiao’s head.
But just as Xiao Ru reached Long Xiao, the frost on Long Xiao’s body began to shatter, followed by Long Xiao’s fist smashing into Xiao Ru’s body.
Xiao Ru’s body was like a kite with a broken string as it flew straight out and landed heavily on the ground.
“Xiao Ru ……”
When Zhao Beng saw this, his eyes were filled with grief and anger, and then he rushed towards Long Xiao in a desperate manner.
“Humph, don’t measure yourself ……”
Long Xiao flicked his hand, and Zhao Barging’s body instantly flew out backwards.
He fell directly beside Xiao Ru, his entire face was pale and he was spitting out blood, he couldn’t even get up!
“Zhao Barging, Zhao Barging ……”
Xiao Ru got up and nervously called out to Zhao Barging.
Xiao Ru had armor to protect her, so she didn’t suffer much damage, but not Zhao Baptist, at this moment he had broken ribs, and his internal organs had been badly injured!
Blood was pouring out of his mouth and his eyes were staring at Xiao Ru.
Zhao Beng wanted to say something, but when he opened his mouth, there was blood, and not a single word could come out.
“Don’t say anything, if you die, we die together ……”
Xiao Ru grabbed Zhao Bargan’s hand in a deadly grip, Zhao Bargan actually laughed at this time.
Hearing Xiao Ru’s words, even though he was seriously injured and facing death, Zhao Barging still smiled.
“Little girl, be a good girl and come with me, as long as you are obedient, I can spare his life ……”
Long Xiao took a few steps forward and said to Xiao Ru.
Xiao Ru looked at the badly injured Zhao Barging and slowly got up, while Zhao Barging pulled Xiao Ru to death and squeezed out a few words with force, “No, don’t go with him ……”
Zhao Barging didn’t want to let himself become a bargaining chip to threaten Xiao Ru!
“Shut the hell up ……”
Long Xiao’s eyes faintly stared, his palm fiercely sucked in, surprisingly, he directly grabbed Zhao Barging into his hand.
With one hand, Long Xiao had a deadly grip on Zhao Barging’s neck, and then looked at Xiao Ru: “Do you want to?”
Long Xiao threatened Xiao Ru, he wanted Xiao Ru to follow him obediently, if Xiao Ru died, it would not be of the slightest use to him.