On a desolate road in Daxia, a black car was driving at a fast pace!
In the car were Kazuo Kawaguchi and two other emissaries!
Originally, at this time, they had already boarded a plane back to their country.
Watanabe Jun had been killed by Chen Ping, so there was no need for them, the messengers, to stay.
It was just that after buying the tickets, several of them had come up with a golden ticket and did not return to their country.
“Lord Kawaguchi, where are we going?”
An emissary asked at that moment.
“Drive and don’t ask any questions ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said indifferently with his eyes slightly closed.
The emissary did not dare to speak, but kept driving, and waited until he reached a deserted place where there was not even a road, and then the car stopped!
Kazuo Kawaguchi got out of the car and looked at the lofty mountains and the endless primitive jungle, and a faint smile appeared on his face!
“It’s been more than twenty years, I never thought I’d have the chance to come back ……”
After saying that, Kawaguchi Kazuo dove head first inside the primeval forest, while the two messengers followed closely behind him!
After walking for more than half an hour, Kawaguchi Kazuo suddenly stopped in his tracks, followed by a wave of his palm, and two figures appeared directly in front of their originally empty eyes, these two figures quickly threw out the weapons in their hands and headed straight for Kawaguchi Kazuo!
However, the weapon was easily caught by Kazuo Kawaguchi and then thrown to the ground.
The two figures looked at each other and then disappeared into thin air!
But Kazuo Kawaguchi waved his hand once more and the two figures reappeared!
“A bunch of pig-like fools, twenty years and the outpost has not changed ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said with a face of anger.
And as soon as the two figures heard that, their figures became more and more visible, only to see two samurai wearing black samurai uniforms and holding samurai swords, who were looking at Kazuo Kawaguchi and the others in disbelief.
When the two emissaries behind Kawaguchi Kazuo saw this, each one of them all stared in disbelief, they had not expected that there would be samurai from their island country appearing in the land of Daxia!
“Who are you people?”
One of the samurai asked.
“Tell Jiro Ono to come and see me, this fool ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said with a cold face.
The two samurai all looked surprised, then one turned around and quickly ran away!
Soon, that samurai arrived in a hurry with a middle-aged man in tow!
When the middle-aged man saw Kawaguchi Kazuo, he was startled and hurriedly came forward and said, “Greetings to Lord Kawaguchi, I wonder what brings Lord Kawaguchi here all of a sudden?”
“Is there some new instruction from the headquarters?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo looked at looked at Ono Jiro in front of him and stepped forward and slapped him twice!
Ono Jiro didn’t dare say anything but hi-hi-hi-hi!
“You’re such a pig, you’re so stupid, you don’t even try to change your mind, and you’ve got such trash on guard duty.
Kazuo Kawaguchi cursed!
“Lord Kawaguchi, we have never been exposed here in all these years, and no one has ever come here ……”
Jiro Ono explained.
“Stupid, just because you’ve never been exposed, do you think you can let your guard down?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo struck again with a few slaps!
The slap made that Onojiro’s face red and he didn’t dare to speak anymore!
Soon, Kazuo Kawaguchi and the others were led into a cave, which was extremely wide and had all the amenities inside.
They were all samurai from the island, and they all had a very nice air!
It was a sight to behold for those two messengers.
“Stand down, all of you!”
Kazuo Kawaguchi waved his hand and everyone retired, except Jiro Ono who remained in the room!
“Lord Kawaguchi, is there an order from headquarters? We’ve been suffocating for so many years living in seclusion here ……”
Ono Jiro said hurriedly after everyone had gone out.