“Talk about what matters?”
Chen Ping asked.
“I don’t know about that, I’m just in charge of delivering the message.”
The Martial Dao Alliance member shook his head.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, and a divine sense instantly entered the mind of that Martial Dao Alliance member.
After exploring with his divine sense and finding that the man was not lying, Chen Ping then withdrew his divine sense and waved his hand!
Releasing that member of the Martial Alliance!
“Valley Master, this Ning Zhi suddenly invited you, could there be a fraud?”
Xu Changsheng asked.
“There’s definitely a fraud, that kid Ning Zhi, he’s always been very shady, always trying to trap people, his words must not be trusted!”
Zhao Liguo said.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but frowned slightly, as if he was thinking about something!
A moment later, Chen Ping exhaled, “I’ll go to the Martial Alliance and see what kind of tricks this Ning Zhi is trying to pull ……”
Chen Ping decided to go and take a look, after all Su Yuqi was in their hands, and Chen Ping also knew that this guy Ning Zhi was particularly bad, if he didn’t go, it would be troublesome if this Ning Zhi made a move against Su Yuqi.
“Chen Ping, beware of yourself, I have heard about this Ning Zhi, he is a very scheming guy ……”
Long Wu barked at Chen Ping.
“Uncle Long, don’t worry, in front of absolute strength, no scheming will be useful!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then moved off to the Martial Alliance!
And at this moment, Ning Zhi, after receiving the news of Chen Ping’s arrival, had long since prepared!
That vajra was placed right next to his hand, and around the hall, dozens of people were arranged, all Martial Marquis!
The Martial Alliance was able to have this kind of strength, and it was inseparable from following Su Yuqi.
Although he had the vajra pestle in his hand, Ning Zhi still had some uncertainty in his heart, he was so nervous!
“No need to be nervous, you have the Martial Saint Artifact in your possession, that Chen Ping can’t help you.”
“What’s more, his girlfriend is in our hands too, if he dares to lay a deadly hand on you, you can threaten his girlfriend!”
“But this time Da Neng is going to He Talks, you’d better be able to pull that Chen Ping over!”
“Promise him some more resources if you can!”
The spirit said to Ning Zhi.
“I’ll do my best to persuade!”
Ning Zhi nodded.
But Ning Zhi didn’t have much hope for this peace talk, because he knew what kind of character Chen Ping was!
But since the top bra*s wanted him to do so, he could only obey!
He waited until nearly evening before Chen Ping’s figure appeared at the entrance of the Martial Arts Union!
Seeing that it was Chen Ping who had arrived, the guards at the entrance hastily hid far away, none of them dared to stop Chen Ping!
These people of the Martial Alliance were like mice seeing a cat when they saw Chen Ping!
Chen Ping walked straight into the hall, where Ning Zhi was waiting for him at the moment!
As soon as Chen Ping entered, he placed his eyes on the vajra pestle in Ning Zhi’s hand!
A huge aura emanated from that vajra!
This caused Chen Ping’s eyes to gaze slightly!
It seemed that this time around, this Ning Zhi was really going to play tricks!
Ning Zhi also saw Chen Ping noticing his vajra at this moment, the corners of his mouth smiled slightly, then he hurriedly got up and said, “Chen Ping, you’re here, please have a seat ……”
“Watch the tea ……”
Ning Zhi instructed, and someone soon brought Chen Ping tea!
Chen Ping wasn’t polite and sat directly opposite Ning Zhi: “What do you want from me? If you have something to say, just say it, if you have a fart, I’m very busy.”
Chen Ping’s attitude caused a pang of displeasure in that Ning Zhi’s heart, but he did not dare to flare up, so he could only force a smile and said, “I came to you this time because I want to make peace with you.”
“As the saying goes, it is better to settle grievances than to make peace, the unpleasantness you had with our Martial Alliance, let him go, we should put aside our hatred.”
Chen Ping looked at that Ning Zhi and suddenly leaned his body towards Ning Zhi, which startled that Ning Zhi!