Just as everyone was resting, screams came from within the dungeon of the Demon Emperor City!
Only to see that Li Xing was tied up, and Isha was holding a leather whip and beating Li Xing one by one!
Isha had already hated Li Xing to the bone, so she took advantage of this time to take revenge!
Li Xing was beaten and screamed, but here, screaming and screaming.
“Please, don’t hit, don’t hit ……”
Lixing begged Isha bitterly.
However, Isha was simply indifferent, and the whip in her hand still continued to whip down!
In the end, Isha even pulled out a dagger!
When Li Xing saw this scene, he was directly terrified!
“What are you …… you going to do?”
“I’m telling you, if you kill me, your entire Demon Emperor City will be buried with you.”
Li Xing’s face was filled with panic as he loudly threatened Isha!
“Don’t worry, I won’t kill you, killing you is simply too cheap.”
Isha’s face was filled with a sinister smile, looking at that Knight Star’s body was trembling!
Only to see Isha holding the dagger, slowly approaching Li Xing!
Then with a cold aura flashing in her eyes, she stabbed the dagger towards Li Xing’s lower body in one go!
“Ah …………”
Li Xing let out a miserable scream as blood instantly flowed out from inside his trouser leg.
The intense pain caused Li Xing to directly faint.
Seeing that Li Xing fainted to death, Isha was then satisfied and left!
As for Li Xing, he would not be able to be a man for the rest of his life!
………………
Inside the army tent of Ming Li King City!
King Li was still huffing and puffing, but he was woken up by Elder Qi!
“What is it, shouting up in the middle of the night?”
King Li said with a displeased face!
If it was someone else who shouted himself up in the middle of the night, King Knight would have cursed long ago!
But seeing that it was Elder Qi, King Knight was still polite! >
“King Knight, Gongzi he, Gongzi he …………”
Elder Qi had a nervous face, not knowing what to say!
“What happened to Xing’er him? Did he find a few more women to fool around in the tent?”
“I’ve long advised him that it’s a battle between armies now, don’t do that kind of thing in the tent, it’s a bad influence, this guy just doesn’t listen.”
King Li still thought that Li Xing was looking for a woman in the tent!
“King Knight, Gongzi is not looking for a woman, Gongzi he was captured by the Demon Emperor City.”
Elder Qi said with a face of shame!
“What?”
King Li stood up with a rubbing sound, his face full of incredulity, “What did you say?”
“I said that the Duke was captured by the Demon Emperor City’s people.”
Elder Qi lowered his head and whispered!
“How could this be, did the people from Demon Emperor City enter the tent and no one noticed?”
“Are those patrolling dead? Who is on duty tonight? I’m going to chop him up!”
King Li roared angrily!
He had thought that Li Xing had been captured by the people of Demon Emperor City while he was in the tent!
“King Li, it was me who followed my son to the bottom of the Demon Emperor City, ran into the people of the Demon Emperor City, and was captured by the other side ……”
Elder Qi had no choice but to tell the story of what happened, originally following King Li!
After hearing this, King Li’s entire body frowned, with a few doubts in his eyes!
“Demon Emperor City apart from that Yihe, could it be that there is someone else who is your enemy?”
King Li didn’t understand, the experts of the Demon Imperial City were obviously all killed, so how could there still be an expert of the Transition Realm?
And it was even higher than Elder Qi’s strength!
“That guy looks like he’s only at the Harmonisation Realm, but the strength he exploded is comparable to the Transitional Succession Realm, and this person surprisingly also has the Dao Fury Qi that’s exclusive to our Yin Demon lineage, so I got caught up in his path before I let him get his hands on me.”
Elder Qi explained!
He did not say that he was not strong enough to defeat Chen Ping, instead, he said that he was careless and fell into Chen Ping’s path, which was also considered to be a way to save face!