Seeing that this woman was a bit unreasonable, Chen Ping did not intend to talk nonsense with him anymore, and with a long leap, he intended to leave the island!
There was no way he was going to give this woman his Dragon Slashing Sword!
“Don’t leave ……”
The woman followed suit with a long leap, intending to chase towards Chen Ping!
However, the woman had just leapt up, when her face changed slightly, and immediately after, she looked at the void behind her, and a flash of panic flashed in her eyes!
Immediately after the woman landed back on the island, she panicked and pulled out a pill and swallowed it!
Chen Ping was somewhat puzzled, what was wrong with this woman, why did she not chase after herself?
Just as Chen Ping was still wondering, suddenly from the distance, a few auras were flying in!
“Zhu Qingxiu, this time I’ll see where you escape to.”
“You fellow, it turns out that you are hiding on top of this deserted island, no wonder I couldn’t find you for such a long time.”
“Hand over the secret scrolls of your Ten Thousand Swords Sect and we can consider letting you off the hook ……”
Swish swish swish!
In the distant void, several figures rushed over in a hurry!
These people were not weak, there were five people in total, surprisingly, there was a Mahayana realm first grade, and the remaining four were also at the ninth grade of the Ferrying realm!
These five people were shouting and screaming as they rushed towards this side!
The woman’s face was full of panic as she glared viciously at Chen Ping, “It’s all your fault, if I hadn’t fought with you and exposed my scent, how could they have found me ……”
After the woman gave Chen Ping a resentful glance, she flew up, intending to escape!
Chen Ping was also speechless for a while, it was clearly the woman who made the first move, but now it was on his head!
What is this?
Woman, incomprehensible ……
Seeing that the woman was trying to escape, those five people accelerated their speed to catch up and directly swept past Chen Ping, but acted as if they didn’t see anything, directly ignoring Chen Ping!
A small cultivator of the seventh rank of the Transition Realm could indeed be ignored!
Right after those five people swept past Chen Ping, Chen Ping looked at the backs of a few people and frowned slightly!
This was because he clearly felt the aura of a demonic cultivator from these five people!
These five people were able to expose their devil cultivator aura openly and honestly, and it looked like they were not afraid at all!
“Zhu Qingxiu?”
Suddenly, Chen Ping seemed to recall something, he remembered that someone had just shouted that this woman was called Zhu Qingxiu?
Then what was the relationship between the one who had followed him here, Zhu Qing Yue of Zhu Jia Town?
Boom!
Chen Ping suddenly remembered, although only half of this woman’s face was good, but the appearance of that half of her face followed that Zhu Qing Yue was exactly the same!
No wonder he felt a familiarity when he saw this woman at that time, but he just didn’t remember it for a while!
“You devil cultivators, I won’t give you the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manuals, I won’t give you the secret manuals even if I drill into the sea of death and turn into white bones.”
Zhu Qingxiu desperately fled, escaping in the exact direction above the deserted island where Chen Ping had landed in the beginning!
Chen Ping leapt forward and directly followed after her as well!
Not to mention whether or not this woman had any relationship following Zhu Qingyue, even if it was a female cultivator who had no relationship and was being chased by so many demonic cultivators, Chen Ping always had to ask for clarification!
What’s more, this woman was from the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, and the Ten Thousand Swords Sect still had a good friendship with the Alchemy Sect!
In fact, the woman exposed her whereabouts also blamed himself, if he did not collect those flints and then rushed out on the island where the others were hiding, there would not have been the things that followed.
Chen Ping sort of convinced himself from the bottom of his heart, and then accelerated his steps, intending to go and help that Zhu Qingxiu!
If this Zhu Qingxiu was still really a person from Zhu Jia Town, then he would need to help even more!
After all, in the future, Zhu Jia Zhen would be in-laws after Xiao Huang Chao!