He didn’t expect that the Mu family had found this place so quickly.
“They’ve already passed by here, and just now we buried you in the dirt so that they didn’t find you.”
Bing Lu said!
Only then did Chen Ping understand that he was buried in the earth after just refining the Dao to Fire’s effort, and he thought that the deep pit had collapsed.
It turned out that it was Bing Lu and the girls’ messing up!
Chen Ping glanced at the depths of the sect and said to Bing Lu, “The few of you will stay here for the time being, don’t run around, you can go rest in the few courtyards that you just inspected.”
“I will go to the depths of the sect myself, remember to never just walk around or go to places that have not been explored.”
Chen Ping wanted to go to the depths of the sect, if he brought Bing Lu and the others with him, he was afraid that he would be dragging himself back!
Moreover, it was also dangerous to bring them with him, after all, the Mu family had also entered inside, if they came across them, Chen Ping was afraid that he would not have the energy to protect Bing Lu and the others!
Bing Lu also knew that with their current strength, if they followed the Mu family against them, they were afraid that they would only cause trouble for Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, then take care of yourself, we will wait for you here!”
Bing Lu nodded her head and said!
“Good!”Chen Ping finished speaking and also began to head towards the depths of the sect!
And at this moment, Mu Naiyi with her Mu family members had already quickly moved deeper into the depths of the sect!
At this moment, in the depths of the sect, a very well-preserved mansion appeared, which was many times stronger than the compound when they entered!
With a single glance, one would know that this mansion was definitely where the top echelons of the sect resided!
“Eldest Miss, such an intact mansion, there must be quite a few treasures inside.”
Mu Yao said with an excited expression!
Mu Naiyi looked at the mansion in front of him, then pointed and said, “You go in and explore the way ……”
The Mu family members who were pointed to, were scared to death, but they couldn’t not go!
Can only bravely, little by little towards the mansion to go!
But has been into the mansion in the middle, but found that there is nothing, there is no half of the taboo and no organs and traps!
“Miss, it’s very safe ……”
That Mu family member .Shouted out loud!
Hearing this, Mu Nai Yi then led the people inside!
Only, none of them realised that when they walked in, the entire floor of the mansion, as if there was flowing water, flooded with a stirring!
At the same time, the void around the mansion was also undergoing a twisting change!
Mu Naiyi and the others didn’t even notice the changes in the mansion, and still walked towards the mansion!
When several people came to the depths of the mansion, a large hall appeared in front of them!
In the middle of the hall, a statue sat cross-legged!
The man on the statue was like an immortal, a glance at it gave him a sense of immortality, and his eyes were awkward.
In the hands of this statue, also holding a jade slip, seems to be watching carefully!
And there was a faint halo of light around the statue.
“Could this be a statue of body shaping?”
Mu Yao asked curiously!
After all, in the Celestial Realm, there were many clan elders or patriarchs who felt that they were terrific, so they made themselves a body-forming statue so that they could be worshipped!
However, those who were able to make a statue of themselves had status within the sect!
Ordinary disciples didn’t have that kind of treatment!
“The material of this statue is really special?”
Mu Nai Yi looked at the statue in front of her and reached out to touch it!
“Eldest Miss, be careful ……”
Mu Yao hurriedly reminded.
However, Mu Naiyi didn’t care, but her body gently touched on top of the statue!
Buzz!
Suddenly, the statue emitted a burst of golden light, directly sending Mu Naiyi flying!
Mu Naiyi, a great cultivator at the peak of the Ferrying Realm, didn’t expect to be so unbeatable in front of this statue!
“Missy, are you alright?”
Seeing this, Mu Yao rushed forward and helped Mu Naiyi up!