Xiao Lan was also terrified and hid closely behind Chen Ping. Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng had seen these things during their time following Chen Ping, but with so many of them appearing at once, their faces also turned pale.
Just when several people were scared out of their wits, they only saw a flick of Chen Ping’s hand, those black fogs disappeared and the room once again returned to its original appearance.
“Chen …… Mr. Chen, what the hell is this? Could it be a ghost?”
Sun Simiao took a long breath and asked Chen Ping.
At this moment, Ren Xian was so frightened that he shrank and curled up on top of the sofa, constantly trembling, very out of shape!
That Ren Sicong’s face changed and he unconsciously moved closer to that Ning Yu’s side.
“What you see is just one of the three souls and seven spirits of people. After death, the three souls and seven spirits are separated from the body, and the seven spirits are dispersed, after which the heavenly soul ascends to heaven, the earthly soul enters the earth, and the life soul enters reincarnation! Now these black mists are the earth souls, also called Yin souls, which are commonly known as ghosts!”
Chen Ping followed Sun Simiao’s explanation.
Although Sun Simiao was confused, he seemed to understand a little of the meaning, so he continued to ask, “Is the soul-ruling technique that Mr. Chen just mentioned able to manipulate these ghosts?”
“Not bad!” Chen Ping nodded slightly and said, “These spirits are just some energy bodies, originally weak and incomparable, and even more unlikely to harm people, but if someone deliberately controls these spirits and absorbs the Yin Qi, then these weak spirits will turn into powerful ghosts to harm people.”
After hearing Chen Ping’s introduction, Sun Simiao immediately reacted, and he understood why Chen Ping had just struck out at that Ning Yu, it should be because that Ning Yu had used this soul imperial technique to harm Ren Xian’s family.
But it was clear that Ning Yu had come to cure Ren Sicong’s mother, and they had seen with their own eyes a black mist running out from inside Ren Sicong’s mother’s body.
Now Sun Simiao was also getting confused and couldn’t figure out what was going on, after all, he didn’t know anything about Daoism.
“How can I say, you are also a part of the Ren family, yet you are harming your family like this, do you know that there is a heavenly punishment in the underworld?”
Chen Ping looked at that Ren Sicong and said.
“What are you talking about, I don’t understand a thing!”
Ren Sicong’s face changed greatly and he yelled at Chen Ping.
“Mr. Chen, what is this all about?”
Ren Xian had already gotten over his shock and walked up to Chen Ping and asked.
He himself was also confused.
Chen Ping looked at Ren Xian and said with a faint smile, “Your house has been placed in a formation, and the house is haunted by ghosts, your family is afraid that they will not live long!”
Hearing Chen Ping say so, Ren Xian’s face instantly became extremely ugly.
“Please, Mr. Chen, tell us in more detail, what the hell is going on here …………?”
Ren Xian did not understand, who would want to harm his family?
“Family Head Ren, you said that the place where you are building your house now was chosen for you by that Ning Yu, right?” Chen Ping asked.
“Yes, the entire plot of land, including the building layout, was chosen by Ning Yu after all the trouble he took!”
Ren Xian nodded.
“Now this place you have chosen for your housing is the land of the Seven Deadly Furies, and it is also a Yin land, with extremely heavy Yin energy, which is just right for nurturing spirits, and this house of yours is also in the position of a White Tiger raising its head, as the saying goes, it is better for a Green Dragon to be ten thousand feet high than for a White Tiger to raise its head, and a White Tiger raising its head will hurt people! When I say this, I believe that Master Ren should know what is going on, right?”
Chen Ping said to that Ren Xian.
As soon as he entered this courtyard at first, Chen Ping felt that something was wrong, and only after entering the villa did he realize that the house had been enchanted with a formation, but seeing that Ning Yu had used the Royal Soul Technique to invoke many ghosts, Chen Ping then realized that this was still a land of the Seven Deadly Spirits.
He could hear that this place was chosen by Ning Yu, that the house was designed and built by Ning Yu, and that Ning Yu also knew the spirit of imperialism, and that there were so many ghosts in his house, and the most important point was that this Ning Yu was his son’s cla*smate, and when he thought about what Chen Ping had just said, Ren Xian instantly understood.