How could they not like to think that Song Qingping had just taken over the Demon Spirit Sect and was in the mood to play with women!
When Song Qingping saw this, he became furious and shouted, “Get out ……”
A few of his cronies hurriedly ran out, then anxiously exclaimed, “Sovereign, it’s not good, that Deacon Lu has rushed in with Chen Ping and brought quite a few people with him.”
When Song Qingping heard this, he instantly froze, followed by jumping off the bed and questioning loudly, “Who did you say it was?”
“Chen Ping, it’s that Chen Ping!”
A close friend said.
“Impossible, that Chen Ping should have been captured long ago by now, how could he have come to the Demon Spirit Sect?”
Song Qingping knew that Chen Ping had taken the Dispersing Energy Water, and Ning Zhi had gone to capture that Chen Ping, so how could he possibly appear here.
“Sovereign, it was indeed that Chen Ping, and just now he killed one of our men.”
Another close friend also said anxiously.
When Song Qingping heard this, he had to believe it and said with a tight frown, “That’s really strange, could it be that Chen Ping didn’t take the Dissipating Energy Water at all?”
Thinking of this, Song Qingping took a sharp glance at Zhou Jie lying on the bed, followed by anger in his eyes!
Chen Ping’s power had not disappeared, and he was still here, so the only explanation was that Zhou Jie had lied to them and had not given Chen Ping the Dissipating Power Water.
After giving Zhou Jie a fierce glare, Song Qingping led his men quickly towards the main hall!
Song Qingping left, but he forgot to reactivate the spell formation. Seeing this, Zhou Jie hurriedly dressed and got up from the bed with difficulty, and also walked out of the room!
Soon, Song Qingping arrived in the middle of the main hall!
When he saw that it was indeed Chen Ping, Song Qingping’s face turned very ugly!
However, Song Qingping still maintained the same courteous and polite attitude as before and went up to Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, I wonder what you are doing here in my Demon Spirit Sect at such a late hour?”
When Chen Ping saw that this Song Qingping was still pretending even at this hour, he couldn’t help but snort coldly!
“Song Qingping, what exactly is your intention in cooperating with me, Jia Yi, and subsequently tricking me into coming here?”
Chen Ping asked bluntly.
“What kind of words are these, Mr. Chen? I really want to work with Mr. Chen, and everything I told Mr. Chen is the truth.”
“Is it true that I told you about the Ten Thousand Year Herb?”
“Did I tell you about the place where the aura is revived?”
“How can you doubt my sincerity?”
Song Qingping surprisingly even pretended to look aggrieved as he said to Chen Ping.
As Chen Ping looked at Song Qingping’s acting appearance, the corners of his mouth lifted slightly, “Song Qingping, what is this Deacon Lu all about? I heard that your Demon Spirit Sect is going to follow the Demon Heart Sect and merge.”
“You know that the Demon Heart Sect is the sect behind the Martial Dao Alliance in Kyoto, and you know the hatred I have for following the Martial Dao Alliance.”
“My girlfriend is still in the hands of that Demon Heart Sect, you said you would help me get her out.”
Chen Ping questioned at Song Qingping, and that Song Qingping did not seem to be flustered by this, but instead smiled lightly and said, “Mr. Chen, the matter of Deacon Lu, that is an internal matter of our Demonic Heart Sect, although we are in a cooperative relationship, it does not mean that you can interfere in the matters within our sect.”
“I followed the Demonic Heart Sect to cooperate and also to help you get your girlfriend out as soon as possible, isn’t that bad?”
Song Qingping was still cunningly arguing!
Chen Ping didn’t expect that this Song Qingping would be so shameless, still trying to lie to himself at this time!
“Song Qingping, you beast with a human face, you let me poison Mr. Chen, before sending someone to fetch the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, something you did as well, is this also for the good of Mr. Chen?”
At this time, Zhou Jie walked into the main hall, one hand holding the wall, and said to Song Qingping with a face full of anger.