The door to the room opened and Li Weijian was stunned to see that it was Li Lei and Chen Baoqiang’s family sitting inside!
And when Chen Baoqiang and the others saw that Li Weijian and Ling Zhenchuan had come, they were all frozen too!
“What are you guys doing here?”
Li Weijian asked in shock.
“Dad, we’re eating here in the house, what are you guys doing?”
Li Lei asked with a face full of confusion.
“Mayor Ling came over to give Mr. Chen a toast!”
Li Weijian said truthfully.
As soon as Chen Baoqiang heard this, his whole body felt like he was dreaming, he stood up trembling with a face of excitement, “Ling …… Mayor Ling, how can you be bothered to come over to give me a toast, I really can’t afford it!”
Chen Baoqiang held a gla*s of wine towards Ling Zhenchuan, he thought it was because Li Weijian had spoken for him and Ling Zhenchuan felt embarra*sed and came over to toast him!
“Get lost, Mayor Ling is not toasting you, Mayor Ling is toasting Mr. Chen!”
Li Weijian knew that Ling Zhenchuan was definitely not coming over to toast Chen Baoqiang, so he pushed Chen Baoqiang away with one hand.
Chen Baoqiang was dumbfounded, he was the only one here with the surname Chen, and his son Chen Zhi, it was impossible that the mayor had come over to toast Chen Zhi.
As for Chen Ping, who had been sitting still, Chen Baoqiang didn’t even think about it, a reformed prisoner who had just gotten out of jail, the mayor would even less be here to toast him.
“Director Li, here in addition to me, also …… also no Mr. Chen la?”
Chen Baoqiang said cautiously.
Li Weijian swept a glance, indeed all Chen Baoqiang family, as for that Chen Ping, Li Weijian also did not bother to think, a young man in his early twenties, all plain, how can not be Mr. Chen in the mouth of Ling Zhenchuan!
“Mayor Ling, have we come to the wrong room, there is no Mr. Chen here!”
Li Weijian said carefully.
“Get lost ……”
Lin Tianhu pushed Li Weijian aside and walked towards Chen Ping!
And Ling Zhenchuan followed suit and walked up to Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, I heard that you are also drinking here, so I purposely came over to make a toast, I hope I didn’t disturb Mr. Chen!”
Boom ……
All of a sudden, the whole room was dead silent, everyone’s eyes were wide with disbelief!
Chen Baoqiang’s family couldn’t believe it, and the few people who had followed Ling Zhenchuan here couldn’t believe it either!
It was unbelievable that the head of the city was talking so politely to a young man in his early twenties!
Only Lin Tianhu smiled coldly and swept a glance at the crowd!
The few people who had followed Ling Zhenchuan here quickly reacted, since Ling Zhenchuan was so polite to the young man, there must be a reason, perhaps this man was the son of some big shot in the provincial capital or even Kyoto!
Thinking of this, those leaders of the various departments who had followed along came forward together, one by one, toasting Chen Ping politely, with gla*ses of wine!
Chen Baoqiang’s family’s faces were blue and their eyes were filled with fear, how could these big leaders in their eyes be so polite to Chen Ping?
They just couldn’t understand!
Also unable to understand was that Li Weijian, he looked at Chen Baoqiang, hoping that Chen Baoqiang could give him an explanation, since he was following such an important big shot to dinner, why didn’t he tell him?
Chen Baoqiang was now confused, how could he explain to Li Weijian?
Could it be that Chen Ping was a reformed labourer and not a big shot?
“Mr. Chen, is this wine still tasting good? I’m going to get a bottle and pour it for you!”
Lin Tianhu looked at Chen Ping and saw that the wine gla*s in front of him was empty, so he asked Chen Ping.
“What kind of wine?”
Chen Ping gave Lin Tianhu a look!
“It’s the two bottles of Moutai wine that I gave to Mr. Chen, I think these two bottles have already been drunk!”
Lin Tianhu pointed to the empty bottles and said.
“I didn’t drink a sip of it, someone said you gave it to him and didn’t let me drink it!”
Chen Ping looked at Li Lei, who had long been scared silly, and said with a cold smile.