The two men’s fists collided instantly!
The moment the two fists collided, Chen Ping felt a tremendous force strike him, a force that didn’t seem to come from inside a person at all, but more like it was emanating from the ground.
Chen Ping’s body was instantly sent flying and then smashed into the ground, directly causing a deep crater in the ground!
When the crowd saw this, they all drew in a breath of cold air, and Mr. Shi’s face also turned a little ugly!
No one had expected that this Jun Watanabe, who was about to die, would still have this horrible witchcraft!
When Kawaguchi Kazuo saw Mr. Shi’s face, he smiled lightly and said, “Mr. Shi, no one can survive the Divine Devil Devouring Heart, this is the oldest sorcery of the Watanabe family, I just don’t know, why it was learned by this Watanabe Jun.”
“You just said, this is a sparring match and a life and death battle, if that Chen Ping is killed later, you are not allowed to interfere, or you won’t blame me ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes carried a bit of smugness.
“It is not certain who will live and who will die, just wait and see ……”
Mr. Shi said indifferently.
At this time, Chen Ping had slowly gotten up and looked at Jun Watanabe in front of him with a surprising amount of excitement on his face.
“Today, I will use you to quench my flesh body ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he shot directly towards that Watanabe Jun!
Watanabe Jun is also not a coward, directly rushed up, the two people do not have other fancy moves, just hard and hard, fist to flesh!
Chen Ping’s body was knocked away several times, but soon Chen Ping would rush up again!
At this moment, Chen Ping was like an undefeatable little strong man!
After ten minutes, Chen Ping was getting stronger and stronger, while the power in Jun Watanabe’s body was starting to drain away!
He didn’t expect that even after using the oldest sorcery of the Watanabe clan, he was still unable to kill Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s physical body was simply too strong, and Kawaguchi Yixiong himself was beginning to have some doubts as to whether he could kill Chen Ping with a single punch even if he were to strike.
“Alright, no more games with you ……”
Chen Ping sneered, and then his body began to be surrounded by golden light, followed by a golden dragon circling up behind Chen Ping, emitting a burst of dragon roar.
After the augmentation of this golden dragon, the aura on Chen Ping’s body was beginning to climb!
“Look at my Unbreakable Golden Body ……”
A golden light began to glow on Chen Ping’s body, before a piece of shimmering scales covered his entire body!
Soon, Chen Ping was like a dragon riding warrior, standing in front of Jun Watanabe in a mighty manner!
Chen Ping’s strong physical body, coupled with the augmentation of his imperishable golden body, instantly brought Chen Ping to a point of indestructibility!
Kawaguchi Kazuo looked at Chen Ping with a look of intense surprise in his eyes!
But Watanabe Jun, relying on his Divine Devil Plus body, did not fear Chen Ping in the slightest, and smashed his fist towards Chen Ping!
Boom!
Watanabe Jun’s punch landed solidly on Chen Ping’s chest.
But this time, unlike the previous one, Chen Ping’s body didn’t move at all!
It was as if Watanabe Jun’s punch had smashed into a steel plate!
With this, Watanabe Jun’s face changed and his eyes were filled with disbelief!
He had dedicated his life and soul, he didn’t even have the chance to reincarnate, and in the end, he was still no match for Chen Ping.
Just as Watanabe Jun was shocked, Chen Ping slammed his fist towards Watanabe Jun.
Watanabe Jun’s body was thrown up high by the punch and fell to the ground immediately afterwards!
Chen Ping’s body followed suit and leapt up.
He then stomped down on Jun Watanabe’s body, and his body was directly stomped into the ground several metres deep by Chen Ping!
Watanabe Jun no longer had the slightest strength to fight back!
Soon, Watanabe Jun’s body was slowly wrapped in a black gas, and when the black gas dissipated, Watanabe Jun’s body also disappeared, not even a single remnant remained!