Flying in this Heavenly Realm was indeed much more pleasant, and it consumed far less energy!
“The territories of the clans aren’t divided by environment, you’d better be cautious!” Hu Mazi said as he flew up beside Chen Ping.
“Master Hu, you’ve got it wrong, haven’t you? The ones who need to be cautious are you two. Have you forgotten I carry the aura of three clans? No matter what clan’s territory this is, I’m the master!” Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Hu Mazi rolled his eyes upon hearing this, “I’m not scared either, I’ve got my concealment talisman. I can take on the aura of any clan I want.”
At that, Xiu Rui’s face flushed with embarrassment, for he had nothing, no way to conceal his aura!
“Master Hu, if this isn’t the Human Clan’s domain, I hope you’ll spare me a concealment talisman if we run into danger!” Xiu Rui said, his face full of flattery as he spoke to Hu Mazi.
“Of course, but it won’t come free, you’ll need to trade something for it!” Hu Mazi replied.
“What do you want? I’ve been locked up for centuries, I haven’t got anything valuable on me. Just take whatever you fancy!” Xiu Rui said, pulling out his storage pouch.
Hu Mazi didn’t even glance at it, “Who wants your rubbish? If you want a concealment talisman, trade me a woman.”
“A woman?” Xiu Rui froze.
“Yes, a woman!” Hu Mazi nodded.
Xiu Rui’s face twisted into a bitter smile, “Master Hu, don’t jest, where would I find a woman?”
“But if you don’t mind, Master Hu, what about me?” Xiu Rui suddenly fixed Hu Mazi with a heated gaze, even running a hand through his hair for effect.
“Bloody hell, you’re making me sick…” Hu Mazi tossed Xiu Rui a concealment talisman, saying, “Get the hell away from me, my heart can’t take it!”
Hu Mazi sped up, putting distance between himself and Xiu Rui!
Xiu Rui, clutching the talisman, tucked it away with a sly grin.
“Good thing Master Hu didn’t agree, if he had, I’d be the one suffering…” Xiu Rui chuckled.
“Are you that sort of person?” Chen Ping asked, eyeing Xiu Rui with a hint of disgust.
If Xiu Rui really was *that* kind of person, he’d ditch him immediately, no way he’d let this bloke tag along!
Who knows, one night while he’s sleeping, his backside might be in jeopardy!
“Don’t misunderstand, Friend Chen, I was just joking with Master Hu!”
“Look at me, brimming with masculine vigour, how could I be *that* sort of person?”
“I’ve got a wife and kids back in the Wuxu Realm, don’t get the wrong idea!” Xiu Rui hurriedly explained, terrified Chen Ping might abandon him.
In this unknown domain, being left alone would be as good as a death sentence!
“Good to know, your words made my arse clench…” Chen Ping said.
Xiu Rui could only manage an awkward chuckle!
As they spoke, the three had been flying for over an hour, yet they realised they hadn’t seen a single soul in that time, not even an animal!
“Master Hu, we must’ve flown a thousand miles by now, how come we’ve seen nothing?”
“We won’t fly to the edge and find nothing at all, will we?” Chen Ping asked.
“Blimey, we’ve barely gone anywhere! The Heavenly Realm is vast, you think it’s like the mortal world?”
“A hundred mortal world hells wouldn’t even fill a corner of this place,” Hu Mazi explained.
“Bloody hell, it’s massive!” Chen Ping was speechless, “Could we end up flying to the Second Heaven? Where’s that?”
“With your strength, you can’t reach the Second Heaven. The thirty-six heavens of the Heavenly Realm all exist in the same space, just in different dimensions. It’s not like the Heavenly Ladder, one layer after another.”
“To reach the Second Heaven, you’d need to cross dimensional boundaries. You’ve barely got a sense of the First Heaven’s space, how could you get to the Second?” Hu Mazi said with a laugh.