And that Pocky Hu’s eyes were now wide open, the knot in his throat was rolling, and his harrumphs were flowing out!
Chen Ping looked at that look of Hu Puzi and couldn’t help but laugh.
Ge Yuhan, on the other hand, blushed and glared at that Hu Pocky as well.
She had just thought that Hu Pazi was an immortal cultivator and had no desire ……
But she didn’t expect him to be an old pervert ……
Hu Pazzi suddenly looked embarra*sed and hurriedly wiped the saliva from the corner of his mouth, “You two take your time, I have to go ahead ……”
After saying that, Hu Pazzi left without looking back in embarra*sment!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took Ge Yuhan back to the Pill God Valley!
The original intention was to get the Hundred Eyes Gra*s and let Ge Yuhan recover, but now the Hundred Eyes Gra*s is not available and Ge Yuhan is possessed by a spirit, but fortunately the spirit is not an evil person and is a pitiful person, so that’s all for now.
Chen Ping returned to Pill God Valley and lied about recovering Ge Yuhan, so no one suspected him!
“I never thought that after thousands of years, the spiritual energy in this heaven and earth would be so thin!”
“How can this thin spiritual qi still support cultivation?”
Ge Yuhan said with emotion as she felt the spiritual qi of heaven and earth.
“It’s been thousands of years since the divine and demonic wars, when the immortal dao collapsed and the spiritual qi of heaven and earth dried up.”
“In the entire world today, there are very few immortal cultivators, and it is already the world of the martial dao.”
“Immortal cultivators can only live in seclusion in secret realms, slowly waiting for the spiritual energy to recover ……”
Chen Ping followed Ge Yuhan’s explanation!
“The Heavenly Dao is reincarnating, I believe it won’t be too far away from the recovery of spiritual energy, but when the spiritual energy recovers and the Immortal Realm prospers, those guys from the Devil Realm, will also come out of the world ……”
Ge Yuhan had a few worries in his eyes!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, because what Ge Yuhan said followed what Ge Fuhai had told him.
It looked like the aura was really going to recover, and the pattern of the world was going to change!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping decided to go back to Kyoto, he had to set up the clan as soon as possible!
If he really waited until the time when the aura recovered, his own power, relying closely on one person, would simply not be enough.
Chen Ping returned to the Long Family in Kyoto from the Pill God Valley!
Immediately, he brought Long Xingxu to him.
“Brother Chen Ping, you’re looking for me?”
Long Xingxu asked respectfully.
“Xingxu, I plan to establish a sect, the name will be called the Dragon Sect, and it will be based on the Dragon Family.”
“For the recruitment of disciples, you remember to keep a good check, those with evil deeds must not be recruited, do you understand?”
Chen Ping barked at Long Xingxu.
“I understand!” Long Xingxu nodded, then asked Chen Ping, “Brother Chen Ping, now if you establish a sect, you need to go to the official to report it before you can do so.”
“Tomorrow I will go to report, you proceed to prepare for the Dragon Sect’s recruitment of disciples, in addition to spreading the news out.”
“Don’t be afraid of low realms, as long as there are no people with evil deeds!”
Chen Ping once again admonished.
“Alright, I’ll go now!”
Long Xingxu left!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, stood on high ground, gazing at Kyoto, knowing that the road behind him would become increasingly difficult, but he would never back down!
Soon, a message on the martial arts forum that the Dragon Sect was recruiting disciples exploded the entire forum!
“Holy sh*t, Chen Ping has created a sect, the name of which is Dragon Sect, based on the Dragon Family, and is accepting disciples!”
“This Chen Ping is really something, he’s been suppressed by the Martial Arts Alliance, but the more he suppresses, the stronger he gets.”
“I’m going to join this Dragon Sect, Chen Ping is really too awesome!”
Many people all said they wanted to join the Dragon Sect!
Another main reason why many people wanted to join the Dragon Sect was that the worries of the Pill God Valley in the future would be supplied to the Dragon Sect as a priority.
After all, the head of the Pill God Valley was Chen Ping, and now the head of the Dragon Sect was also Chen Ping.