Chen Ping took two direct steps forward, “I beat him!”
The man took a look at Chen Ping, and then looked at Cui Zhiyuan and the others behind Chen Ping, so he coldly shouted, “Kid, if you kneel down in front of my wife and apologize now, I might still be able to leave you alive, otherwise, just these few of you, none of you will be able to run away!”
When Cui Zhiyuan heard that the man actually saw them and Chen Ping as being together, he was so frightened that he hurriedly waved his hands and explained, “Big brother, big brother, you misunderstood, we are not together, although we know each other, but what he did, we don’t even know ……”
The man looked at his wife and the woman nodded, “Just this one kid, not only did he crash my car, he also slapped me ……”
“Kid, we’ll settle the matter of crashing the car alone, you slapped my wife, now if you kneel down, you can still live ……”
The man looked at Chen Ping with a murderous look on his face!
Chen Ping smiled lightly: “Do you guys especially like to make people kneel down? But let me tell you, I don’t kneel to anyone but my parents, and you guys are not worthy of making me kneel either ……”
“Kid, what did you say?” The man faintly froze, followed by a burst of anger!
He couldn’t believe that Chen Ping alone, in the face of so many of his own people, had the guts to say such words!
“Chen Ping, are you crazy? You’re looking for death ……”
Sun Xiaomeng rebuked loudly at Chen Ping!
And that Cui Zhiyuan said with a sneer on his face, “Chen Ping, it’s come to this, don’t be pretending, even if you kneel down, we won’t laugh at you, and even more so, we won’t pa*s it on to the company for you!”
“That’s right, we won’t say anything, just kneel down, or else you’ll still have to kneel down just the same if you get beaten up later!”
Wang Lanlan also said with a heated smile!
“You guys like kneeling so much, you kneel well ……” Chen Ping said as he looked at Cui Zhiyuan and Wang Lanlan!
“Hmph, keep on being crazy if you have the guts, let’s see who will kneel down and beg for mercy later ……”
Cui Zhiyuan snorted coldly!
The man saw that Chen Ping had quite a backbone and did not kneel down at all, he also had a cold face and said, “Kid, you have some backbone, but today when you meet me, even if you are a hard bone, I will make you soft ……”
After saying that, the man waved his hand and said, “Give me a go, waste him ……”
Soon, a dozen of men swarmed towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Cui Zhiyuan and the others were so scared that they hurriedly hid far away, and although Sun Xiaomeng was anxious, there was nothing she could do about it at this time!
“Stop it ……”
An angry shout, followed by the sight of a property manager in a suit rushing over with a few security guards!
“Manager Zhang, what do you mean by that? Are you going to stop me from making a move?”
The man asked with an unhappy face when he saw the property manager.
“Brother Dong, give me face, let’s forget about today’s matter, if there is any damage, I will cover it ……”
The property manager said with a playful smile on his face at the man!
Looks like the two know each other, after all, one is a property owner and the other is a property manager, it’s not surprising even if they do!
“Manager Zhang, have you taken the wrong medicine today or is this kid a relative of your family? Why are you pleading for him?”
The man asked with a puzzled look on his face.
Manager Zhang looked at Chen Pingzhi before slowly coming up to the man’s ear and saying, “Brother Dong, you don’t know, this Mr. Chen is living in the hilltop villa and has been living there for some time ……”
When the man heard this, he froze, “Isn’t that the Su family’s villa?”
“That’s right, since he can live in it, he must have a relationship with the Su family!”
Manager Zhang nodded his head!
The man took a look at Chen Ping and said with disbelief in his eyes, “I don’t believe that this kid has connections with the Su family, just like that, he probably doesn’t even have connections with the Su family, he drives a broken Changan, how can he have connections with the Su family? …”
The man didn’t believe it at all, with Chen Ping’s outfit and the Changan car, how could he be related to the richest Su family!