“Senior, can you do me a favour and defeat this provocative fellow?”
Chen Ping began to seek help from that Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“A mere Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivator, can’t you defeat him?”The Red Cloud Demon Monarch asked in surprise!
Chen Ping voiced out his concerns, and after the Red Cloud Demon Monarch heard this, he then nodded his head and said, “Okay, I will give you a hand, but I am not allowed to possess a body, as I am not a beast race either, and attaching myself to your body would be easily detected.”
“Then how will you help me?”Chen Ping was stunned!
“Don’t you care, if I say I can help you, I can definitely help you, just do it!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping could only nod his head, there was not the slightest pressure on Chen Ping to deal with a Mahayana Realm Fourth Grade cultivator!
At this moment, the Mahayana Realm Fourth Grade Guest Secretary stood out with a face full of provocation, his body aura instantly erupted, and powerful spiritual energy fluctuations rippled through the hall.
He looked at Chen Ping with an angry face and said, “Kid, today I will let you know that the gap between realms is not so easy to cross.”
Chen Ping, however, looked indifferent and narrowed his eyes slightly as he calmly said, “Please enlighten me.”
Without saying a word, the guest minister’s figure flashed and instantly rushed towards Chen Ping, gathering a powerful ball of spiritual energy in his hand and violently smashing it towards Chen Ping.
The crowd all watched this scene nervously, they all thought that Chen Ping would definitely be in trouble under this blow.
However, Chen Ping was unperturbed, and as the Guest Secretary’s attack was about to arrive, he gently sidestepped and skilfully avoided the powerful strike.
The Haksei’s heart was slightly startled when his blow fell short, but he quickly adjusted his state and attacked again.
His hands danced, and a Spiritual Energy Pipeline twined towards Chen Ping like a spirit snake.
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth rose slightly, only to see him gently wave his hand, an invisible force instantly shook those Spiritual Energy Pipes apart.
Seeing this, the guest minister’s face became a little ugly, he did not expect Chen Ping to dissolve his attack so easily.
He gritted his teeth and decided to use his strongest move.
Hakai shouted, his entire body’s spiritual energy surged crazily, and a huge fierce beast silhouette appeared behind him.
That fierce beast silhouette emitted a powerful pressure that made people tremble with fear.
The guest minister pushed his hands forward, and the fierce beast shadow roared as it lunged towards Chen Ping.
When the crowd saw this scene, they could not help but sweat for Chen Ping.
However, Chen Ping remained calm and composed as he slowly raised his right hand, and a golden glow coalesced in the centre of his palm.
As he gently pushed, the golden light instantly transformed into a golden dragon, charging towards the Manticore Shadow.
The golden dragon collided with the fierce beast’s shadow, emitting a loud sound, and the powerful energy fluctuation caused the entire hall to tremble slightly.
The crowd all stared with wide eyes, nervously watching the duel.
Only the golden dragon was raging, instantly dispersing the fierce beast’s shadow.
That Mahayana Realm Fourth Grade Guest Secretary was shaken by the powerful force of the recoil and retreated back and forth, his face pale.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, stood firmly in place as if nothing had happened.
The entire hall was silent as everyone was shocked by Chen Ping’s strength.
General Xing also stared at Chen Ping with wide eyes, full of incredulity.
He originally also had doubts about Chen Ping’s strength, but now that he had witnessed Chen Ping easily defeating a Fourth Grade Hakkai Secretary of the Mahayana Realm, he could not help but be impressed with Chen Ping in his heart.
The other guest ministers were even more shocked beyond words, how could they not expect that a cultivator of the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm would be able to defeat a strong person of the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm so easily.
Chen Ping looked at the shocked expressions of the crowd and said with a faint smile, “I apologise.”
Only then did the crowd come back to their senses, their hearts filled with awe for Chen Ping.
They knew that the strength of this seemingly ordinary Dragon Race brat was definitely not to be underestimated.