“You saw it, and Mr. Shi made a point to dictate this matter, if that Chen Ping was killed at this time, do you think Mr. Shi would suspect you?”
Zhu Zhishan asked.
“Humph, this Chen Ping is too cunning, he even went to Mr. Shi first, I just don’t believe Mr. Shi can protect him for life ……”
Guo Wei gritted his teeth and cackled!
“Alright, there will be plenty of opportunities to deal with that Chen Ping later, you go and rest first!”
Zhu Zhishan sent Guo Wei away.
Guo Wei walked back and Zhu Zhishan walked towards the back yard of the Martial Alliance, the back yard was huge and in the middle of the yard was a several dozen metre high rockery with a waterfall fountain on top!
Zhu Zhishan walked up to the waterfall and tapped three times on a rock, soon the waterfall stopped flowing and immediately afterwards a stone door opened behind the waterfall!
After Zhu Zhishan walked in, the stone door closed and the waterfall began to flow, no one could tell that there was still a mechanism here.
After walking down the dark tunnel for some distance, the front became much wider, and there were many rooms inside, each surrounded by arm-thick steel bars, between which a blue lightning-like glow could be seen constantly, making a sound.
This was the ground room of the Wudao Union, and those who were locked up here were all evil cultivators, and some of the ten evil martial artists, and that constant blue light was a spell formation that trapped all these people here.
“Let me out, let me out …………”
Zhu Zhishan entered the dungeon and immediately someone . shouted, asking Zhu Zhi Shan to let him out.
There were also people kneeling on the ground, constantly kowtowing towards Zhu Zhishan, begging for Zhu Zhishan to let them go.
These people were in rags and had long since been tortured to the point of being inhuman.
But Zhu Zhishan didn’t even look at them, and walked straight towards the depths of the dungeon.
There was another room at the end of the dungeon, which was so dark that only a figure could be seen sitting in it.
“What can I do for you?”
The figure seemed to sense Zhu Zhishan’s arrival and slowly opened his mouth to ask.
“The Ninety Thousand Mile Mountain and River Map has appeared!”
Zhu Zhishan said.
As Zhu Zhishan said the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Diagram, the figure visibly swayed a little.
“Fetch the diagram!”
The figure said in an unquestionable tone.
“Yes!” The titular alliance leader of the Kyoto Martial Alliance said respectfully at this moment.
After saying that, Zhu Zhishan directly left!
…………
Early the next morning!
When Chen Ping and Su Yuqi and the girls woke up, they found that it was already dawn.
A man from the Guardian Pavilion was crossing his steps outside Chen Ping’s room, looking as if he had an urgent matter to find Chen Ping.
Chen Ping hurriedly opened the door and said, “What’s the matter?”
“Instructor Chen, Pavilion Master Zhao wants to see you about something, I saw that you seemed to be still sleeping, so I didn’t dare to disturb you ……”
The member of the Dharma Protection Pavilion said.
“Oh, I’ll be right over!”
Chen Ping said.
At this time, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er walked out from inside the room, the two of them stretching their backs.
Su Yuqi said with a lazy face, “Last night was too comfortable, I have to …… tonight”
“Yeah, it’s been a long time since I’ve been this comfortable ……”
Gu Ling’er nodded and said.
That protector pavilion for looked at Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi, after hearing what the two said, revealed a playful smile and looked at Chen Ping and said, “Instructor Chen, I didn’t expect you to be so brave, fighting two against one, and not even losing ……”
“What one against two?” Chen Ping was dumbfounded.
“Instructor Chen, don’t pretend, you don’t know how many people in the Dharma Protecting Pavilion envy you to death, even Pavilion Master Zhao envies you ……”
After that member of the Dharma Protecting Pavilion finished speaking, he gave Chen Ping another meaningful glance before leaving!