“It’s just a matter of raising my hand.” Chen Ping smiled lightly!
“Mr. Chen, thank you for saving my daughter’s life, as I was a bit busy two days ago, so I am just now coming to thank you.”
Watanabe Fumio stepped forward and said politely after Chen Ping.
“As I said, it’s just a hand up.”
Chen Ping turned to Watanabe Fumio with a calm face!
This made Watanabe Fumio a little puzzled, if Chen Ping had come to take revenge, then why did he still act so calmly when he saw him, not even a trace of concealment could be seen in his eyes!
“Are you guys tired? Say something if you have something to say.”
“Watanabe Fumio, I don’t believe that you found this place just to thank that Chen Ping for ……”
Old Fan asked impatiently.
This time, that Watanabe Fumio was asked, and for a moment he did not know what to say.
After hesitating for a moment, Watanabe Fumio spoke up, “Mr. Chen, I know the purpose of your coming to the island this time, but there is something I wish to explain to you clearly, the people who have been chasing you, although they are from our Watanabe family, but that was all done by my brother Watanabe Fumishi.”
“I didn’t know about this matter at all, including this time when I made a move against the official Daxia, I was also kept in the dark all along, I sent someone to apologize and explain the situation as soon as I found out about it!”
“I have no intention to follow the Daxia official, nor do I want to follow Mr. Chen’s, I hope Mr. Chen can understand ……”
Watanabe Fumio had a sincere face, he was so afraid that Chen Ping wouldn’t believe him!
But just as Watanabe Fumio finished speaking, Chen Ping smiled lightly and said, “Watanabe clan master, I have understood all that you have said, as the saying goes, there is a reason for injustice, I will not count this matter on your head.”
“Mr. Chen actually already knows?” Watanabe Fumio couldn’t help but stare, he couldn’t understand how on earth Chen Ping knew, after all, only senior people within Watanabe knew about these matters.
“That Kawaguchi Kazuo has already told me, and since I was able to get him back from Daxia alive, there must be a reason for that.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
When Watanabe Fumio heard this, he heaved a sigh of relief, since Chen Ping already knew about it, then he didn’t have to be worried anymore.
“And I am also in the knowledge that the Watanabe family election is imminent, and both of your brothers are vying for this family head position, so if I kill that Watanabe Fumio now, for you, is it the biggest beneficiary?”
Since Watanabe Fumio had chosen to tell the truth, Chen Ping wasn’t going to hide it, he wanted to see if he could get some resources from the Watanabe family!
After all, now Watanabe Fumio was also thinking of having Watanabe Fumihishi die, and both of them had the same goal.
But who knows, when Watanabe Fumio heard this, he sighed lamentably, “Actually, this position of family head is no longer important to me, I just want my daughter to live happily ……”
Watanabe Fumio told the story about Yumiko being sent to the shrine, as Yumiko listened in awe!
“Watanabe family head, you mean, you want me to take Yumiko with me?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief.
Watanabe Fumio nodded, “Yes, because only in this way can Yumiko live a stable life, I know Mr. Chen’s influence in Daxia, and as for killing Watanabe Fumikishi, I will help Mr. Chen to do it.”
“Then, in that case, you will not be able to be the Watanabe family head, and I am afraid that even your life will be threatened, right? After all, which of you would dare to disobey the shrine’s orders?”
Chen Ping asked.
“For Yumiko’s sake, that’s all that can be done, as long as Yumiko can live happily.”
Watanabe Fumio’s eyes were full of determination and compa*sion, the kind of compa*sion of a father who would sacrifice everything for his child!
This decision was negotiated with his wife, Yoshie Tanimoto, because it was the only way Yumiko could escape!