“Discuss my a*s, my brother will definitely bring people to kill up the Valley of the Wicked even when he comes out!”
Luo Jinzuo’s face was cold: “Gather your men immediately and follow me to the Valley of the Wicked, and also send someone to keep watch at home, and tell my brother as soon as he comes out of customs.”
The housekeeper still wanted to persuade, but looking at Luo Jinzuo’s appearance, he did not say anything.
Soon, Luo Jinzuo led his men to set off in great numbers towards the Valley of the Wicked.
Ning Zhi watched as Luo Jinzuo led his men to Chen Ping, the corners of his mouth curling into a cold smile.
“Chen Ping, you want to fight me? Simply a little too young!”
Ning Zhi finished speaking and then asked a Ning Family subordinate by his side, “I told to gather all the people above the middle level of the family, have they all been gathered?”
“Young master, most of them have been gathered, but there are still people who don’t have orders from the master and refuse to obey your orders!”
After hearing this, Ning Zhi instantly cursed in anger, “Malgoldian, my father is in seclusion, and as the youngest master of the Ning Family, I still can’t control them.”
However, even though he cursed, there were still only a few people in the middle or even higher levels of the Ning Family that Ning Zhi could order, most of them only obeyed the orders of the Ning Family Head.
“Come as many as you can, rather if the Luo family and the Vicious Valley really fought, both would definitely lose, and then it would be the time for my Ning family to reap the benefits.”
A greedy glint emanated from Ning Zhi’s eyes.
The reason he had gathered these people was because he was waiting to find an opportunity to exterminate Chen Ping.
If the Luo family exterminated Chen Ping, those treasures would not be able to fall into the hands of the Luo family, Ning Zhi had already calculated.
Poor Luo Jinzuo, he still didn’t know that he had already fallen inside Ning Zhi’s trap.
…………
The Valley of the Wicked!
Long Wu had already reached the entrance of the Valley of the Wicked with Chen Ping.
“Who are you people? This is the Valley of the Wicked, if you don’t want to die, leave quickly ……”
Two guards suddenly jumped out from their hiding place and yelled at Chen Ping and the others.
“We are here to find Ding Da, please inform us!”
Long Wu said loudly.
“Is our boss also something you can just see?”
One of the guards snorted coldly, “You leave now or don’t blame us for being rude.”
The two guards took up an attacking stance.
The people of the Valley of the Wicked had always been reluctant to follow the crowds of the martial arts world, what with all the clans and families and not having much intercourse.
The two guards took one look at Long Wu and the others, they should be people from a certain clan and family, so they did not want to let them enter the valley.
“Both of you, we’re just here to find your boss and discuss something, still, please inform us!”
Chen Ping stepped forward and said politely.
“Get lost, I’ve told you, I’m not seeing you!”
One of the guards cursed angrily, and then slashed his palm towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping frowned, he did not expect these people in the Valley of Evil to be so eccentric in nature.
Chen Ping saw the guard’s palm slash, then dodged with a dodge.
Seeing this, the other guard also hurriedly attacked towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping kept dodging and the two guards could not touch Chen Ping at all.
Just as the fight was going on, Ding Bu San walked over.
“Who the hell dares to cause trouble in front of our Wicked Valley?”
Ding Buzan roared angrily.
But when he saw Chen Ping and Long Wu, his eyes just froze!
Immediately afterwards, he rose up in one long stride, and then kicked those two guards away with two kicks.
“D*mn it, you two little brats, you dare to be rude to the guests of the Vicious Valley, I tell you, when Long Wu was in the Vicious Valley, he didn’t have you little brats yet!”
Ding Buzan cursed at the two guards.
When the two guards heard this, they were so frightened that they hurriedly retreated.
“Brother Ding Bu San ……”
When Long Wu saw Ding Buzan, he hurriedly greeted him.
When Ding Buzan saw Long Wu, he happily patted him on the shoulder.
But with this pat, it almost knocked Long Wu to the ground.