Because as soon as they came in, they sensed that there was something different about the aura of these few people.
“Not bad, they are indeed evil cultivators!”
Zhu Zhishan nodded and admitted it!
This scared the hell out of Long Jingguo and the rest of the guys, and each of their faces changed drastically!
None of them had expected that Zhu Zhishan would be so quick to admit that these people were evil cultivators.
And they weren’t even hiding it from them!
“Lord Zhu, what do you mean by that? Don’t you know the consequences of following the evil cultivators and colluding with them?”
“This will be bad luck for us all if the officials find out!”
Long Jingguo said with a gloomy expression.
“Do you think we won’t be unlucky if the officials don’t know about it?”
Zhu Zhishan snorted coldly, “Let me tell you, now the entire martial arts world in Kyoto is about to undergo a major reshuffle, and it won’t take long for many clans and families to disappear!”
“And all those evil cultivators and experts hiding in the shadows will also slowly surface!”
“Don’t be naive enough to think that those evil cultivators have really been wiped out, but in fact, they are all just hiding in the shadows, or even around you and me.”
“A big part of the reason why Mr Shi is now so conniving with that Chen Ping is because he wants Chen Ping to muddy the waters of the martial arts world, and then the officials will use trumped up charges to wipe out all of us!”
“We can only strike first now and let these evil cultivators kill Chen Ping, and then Mr. Shi will not suspect us.”
Zhu Zhishan’s words caused several of the house masters to all fall into deep thought.
“Lord Zhu, was it also you who sent Zang Qing, the leader of the Heavenly Death Sect, to kill Chen Ping?”
Long Jingguo remembered that some time ago, Zang Qing, who was on the high profile road, had come to kill Chen Ping.
These evil cultivators were all hiding in the shadows, following Chen Ping without any enmity, yet they suddenly showed up in a high profile and wanted to kill Chen Ping, someone must have commanded them!
“Not bad, I ordered it!”
Zhu Zhishan nodded, “It’s just that this fellow was so weak that he was killed by that Chen Ping.”
Several family masters looked at Zhu Zhishan in amazement, confused as to what kind of ability Zhu Zhishan had that he was able to order those evil cultivators.
“Lord Zhu, what kind of person are you? Why do those evil cultivators listen to you?”
Long Jingguo voiced out his doubts.
“You don’t need to ask these, you just need to remember that we are now gra*shoppers on a rope, no one can escape, since I choose to tell you all this high, I am not afraid of your nonsense, do you understand?”
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, behind Zhu Zhishan, there was suddenly a terrifying aura that enveloped the entire conference room.
Sensing this aura, whether it was Long Jingguo or the other family masters, all of their eyes were wide open and their faces were terrified!
They had never felt such a powerful aura before!
They had to know that Long Jingguo and the others were each at the Martial Marquis realm, so to be able to cause them to be frightened by that aura, what kind of strength had they reached!
But soon, that aura retracted as if it had never been displayed before!
Several of the family lords looked at Zhu Zhishan with very complicated expressions.
They knew that such a terrifying aura would never be emitted from Zhu Zhishan.
This meant that behind Zhu Zhishan, there was an even more powerful figure present.
“Lord Zhu, don’t worry about it, we know clearly in our hearts what to say and what not to say!”
Long Jingguo said in response at this time.
Zhu Zhishan smiled, “That’s good, I believe that you, the Long Family Master, can understand my painstaking efforts!”
“That’s all for today’s meeting, no more ……”
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, Long Jingguo and the others got up and said their farewells.
After Long Jingguo and the others left, behind Zhu Zhishan, an eerie and terrifying voice came out, “That girl’s blood is really good, I can already feel the changes in my body.”
“I can also feel that my own divine kung fu will also be greatly accomplished, by then the entire Kyoto martial arts world, and even the entire Great Xia martial arts world, will be honoured by us!”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes were filled with greed and desire.