Seeing the scene in front of him, Gu Kaiyuan’s heart was ashen, and his face was as ugly as it could be!
“You unfilial son, you have even used the skeleton of your old ancestor, what else do you have, just come on ……”
Chen Ping looked at Gu Kaiyuan and said coldly.
“Don’t you get C*cky ……”
Gu Kaiyuan’s eyes opened round, and finally burst out, the power that had been rapidly draining away stopped in this instant, and immediately afterwards Gu Kaiyuan’s body was expanding rapidly.
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that this Gu Kaiyuan was about to explode himself.
Such an explosion was even more powerful than an aerial bomb!
There would not be any living creatures in a radius of hundreds of metres.
Chen Ping hurriedly formed a seal and instantly the spirit fire reappeared, directly enveloping towards Gu Kaiyuan.
Gu Kaiyuan did not dodge, his eyes were filled with ruthlessness!
Boom!
The spirit fire surrounded Gu Kaiyuan, and instantly the gas around Gu Kaiyuan was blazing!
This was spirit fire, even water couldn’t douse it.
“Ah …………”
The fierce burning caused Gu Kaiyuan to scream miserably.
But the aura within Gu Kaiyuan’s body did not weaken in the slightest, it was still growing by leaps and bounds, and his body was swelling more and more!
With a wave of Chen Ping’s palms, a surge of divine dragon power came out majestically!
When the spirit fire met the power of the divine dragon, it burned even more fiercely!
Chen Ping must not let Gu Kaiyuan succeed in self-destructing, or else he would be seriously injured even if he did not die!
Zizhi zizhi …………
The fire burned the skin and made a nuisance sound.
The screams of Gu Kaiyuan grew fainter and fainter, and soon Gu Kaiyuan’s breath finally began to weaken.
In the end, Gu Kaiyuan was like a deflated ball, sitting on the ground.
The kind of burning pain from the spirit fire caused Gu Kaiyuan to start rolling around on the ground continuously.
“Kill me, kill me quickly ……”
All Gu Kaiyuan wanted now was to die.
Chen Ping looked at Gu Kaiyuan coldly, his eyes indifferent and cold.
When dealing with enemies, Chen Ping would never be soft-hearted!
Soon, Gu Kaiyuan had no more voice, and the spirit fire that met him went out, leaving only a long burnt corpse on the ground.
Gu Kaiyuan was dead, and the entire Gu Family Manor had turned into ruins, with only the Demon Subduing Tower towering high, with an aura of oppression surrounding it.
Chen Ping stood in front of the Demon Subduing Tower, looking incomparably small.
“This is a really good thing, it would be great if this Demon Subduing Tower could be taken away ……”
Chen Ping felt a pang of regret!
This Demon Subduing Tower was a good thing, if one could cultivate inside the Demon Subduing Tower, then one would get twice the result with half the effort!
As the saying goes, a moment inside the tower is a day outside the tower ……
But the Demon Tower was too big for Chen Ping to take away, nor could it fit into his storage ring, it was simply too bad.
When Chen Ping was trapped inside the Demon Subduing Tower, it was still night, but in just a few hours when they came out, three days had pa*sed and it had become daytime.
In that case, wouldn’t one day of cultivation inside the tower be equivalent to almost a month of light outside the tower!
After looking at the Demon Tower twice again, Chen Ping could only leave first and go to find Gu Ling’er.
When he had the chance, he would return here and find a way to turn this manor into his own!
Dispersing his divine sense, Chen Ping immediately scouted out Gu Ling’er, and then quickly chased after her.
At this moment, Gu Ling’er was anxiously looking for that Uncle Zhong.
When she saw Chen Ping coming, Gu Ling’er hurriedly asked, “Chen Ping, how is that guy?”
“Dead ……”
Chen Ping said.
Hearing that Gu Kaiyuan was dead, Gu Ling’er wasn’t surprised, after all, with Chen Ping’s current strength, that Gu Kaiyuan was in no way a match!
“I’m furious, letting that old guy escape, if he hadn’t relied on his familiarity with the terrain, I would have killed him long ago ……”
Gu Ling’er had an angry face.
“It’s just a subordinate, if he ran away, he ran away ……”
Chen Ping softly comforted, then said, “We should also go back, we’ve been here for several days, our family must be worrying.”