The sky and the earth set off a storm, constantly bombarding the surrounding light curtain shield, if there is no this light curtain shield, I do not know how many Purple Flame Sect disciples’ lives to be endangered!
In the darkness of the fight, a figure slowly appeared from the black mist, and came to the position at the very edge of the light curtain.It appeared and came to the position at the very edge of the light curtain.
When the crowd took a look, it was actually Chen Ping!
Chen Ping came to the edge of the light screen and was even smiling towards Zhu Ling!
At this moment, everyone was dumbfounded, and the old Sect Master also rubbed his eyes, his face full of incredulity!
Six identical Chen Ping’s, holding the Dragon Slashing Sword, followed the black beast that Huo Dong had transformed into in a fierce collision and fight!
But here another Chen Ping appeared, with a relaxed look on his face, even smiling towards Zhu Ling from time to time!
What the hell is going on here?
Zhu Ling was also confused and looked at the old Sect Master, ”Dad, didn’t you say it was an illusion? Didn’t you say that those were all shadows, could it be that the shadows also possessed combat power?”
“This …………” the old Sect Master was dumbfounded by the question.
“Senior Sister Zhu Ling, maybe what we are seeing now are all illusions, how can there be so many Chen Ping’s in the world, even if they are multiples, it’s impossible.”
“Fake, that Chen Ping that you were laughing with, is definitely fake as well, the illusion caused the illusion we are seeing!”
Wei Qing stepped forward and explained, helping the old Sect Master out!
Once Zhu Ling heard this, she felt that it made some sense and nodded!
“Eldest Brother, what are you babbling about? Who is fake? I’m standing here with flesh and blood, for you to say that I’m fake, those eyes of yours I’ll see to buckle and forget about it.”
Chen Ping was somewhat speechless as he said to Wei Qing!
Although there was a light screen shield, but it would not isolate the sound, Wei Qing’s words, Chen Ping heard it clearly, that’s why he opened his mouth!
“F*ck, Junior Brother, is this all true?”
Wei Qing was directly startled!
Zhu Ling was also startled and rushed over, getting close to Chen Ping to look carefully before asking, “Junior Senior Brother, you are here chatting with us, who are the six people who followed that Huo Dong to fight in the black mist?”
“Senior sister, of course it’s me too, those are my doppelgangers!”
Chen Ping said!
“Bilocations?”Zhu Ling froze, feeling a bit incredulous and said, “Junior Sister, then have you ever used your doppelgangers to find me?”
“For example, you were with Senior Sister Qian, and then you used your doppelganger to find me again ……”
“Senior sister, what are you thinking? This doppelganger of mine only uses it when fighting, and it can’t be too far away from the main body.”
“The various spiritual energy that the bilocation is consuming right now is also being provided by my main body, you really think that my bilocation can act independently ah!”
“If it can act independently, then wouldn’t there be several of me, and I can talk to many women at the same time ……”
Chen Ping did not continue, but Zhu Ling understood and gave Chen Ping a blank look, blushing as she ran away!
“Chen Ping, this doppelganger of yours is too powerful, while dealing with that Huo Dong, you even have the leisure to chat!”
The old Sect Master was surprised as he stepped forward and said!
“That Huo Dong is nothing more than an outsider with no real skills, that’s why I’m so relaxed!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
This Huo Dong was far inferior to that Mu Family’s Mu Qing, even compared to that Mu Naiyi!
Chen Ping had killed that Mu Naiyi, this Huo Dong was even more out of the question!
Huo Yuan Ting looked at Chen Ping who was talking and laughing, and then looked at the six identical Chen Ping who were following Huo Dong in the black mist, and at the moment, his heart was greatly shocked and impacted!
He suddenly had a bad feeling that he might not be able to defeat Chen Ping with his own son who was at the peak of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
The fourth rank of the Transition Realm was able to make the Demon Sealing Alliance use a hundred years of feats to kill him, so he must have some real skills, otherwise, where would he be worth a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance!