“Poison tent?” Cai Hongwei instantly froze, then incredibly looked towards that Gong protector, voice a little trembling said “This poison tent is even your artificial refining?”
“Hahaha, you just know ah, this Chilian mountain range in which there is what poison tent, are my refining, in order to let you these cultivators kill each other, I can sit and reap the benefits of fishing.”
Protector Gong laughed out loud!
“Protector Gong, both of them have taken the antidote pills, I’m afraid this poison tent is useless to them.”
After Sikong Zhen finished speaking, he pulled out Chen Ping’s refined antidote pill from his body and handed it to that Gong Protector!
The reason why Sikong Zhen didn’t take Chen Ping’s refined elixir was because he didn’t need to take it at all, he had long ago taken the antidote to poison elixir given by Protector Gong, and wouldn’t be affected by the Poison Tent at all, so there was no need to take the antidote to poison elixir that Chen Ping had refined!
Protector Gong received the antidote to poison, after carefully looking at it twice, his eyes were filled with a bit of surprise, “Who made this pill? I didn’t realise that within the team this time, there was such a high-level pharmacist.”
“It was refined by a guy called Chen Ping, this guy really has a knack for alchemy.”
Sikong Zhen said!
“Chen Ping?” Elder Fei, who was on the side, froze when he heard this name, and then grabbed Sikong Zhen’s collar “That Chen Ping you’re talking about, isn’t he in his mid-twenties?”
Sikong Zhen didn’t know Elder Fei, seeing Elder Fei grabbing his collar with no courtesy at all, he was instantly offended and said “Who are you, spread me out, who am I to tell you?”
“Sikong Zhen, this is our Soulless Hall’s Elder Fei, whatever he asks you, you must answer.”
Protector Gong said!
Once Sikong Zhen heard that it was an Elder, he hurriedly changed his attitude and said “Not bad, that Chen Ping looks to be in his twenties, he is followed by a man and a woman, and that woman is the divine beast Phoenix.”
“That’s him then, now immediately take me to him ……” Elder Fei now had the orders of the Demon Sealing Alliance on him, so he had to get rid of Chen Ping as soon as possible before he could do so!
“It’s possible that they died a long time ago, I guess, when I ran here, those people were being surrounded by that Silver Red Tiger, they must be buried in the tiger’s mouth now.”
Sikong Zhen said!
“I don’t care if he’s dead or not, even if he’s dead, I still want to see the body.”
Elder Fei had to have that Chen Ping’s corpse to resume his order yet!
“Well then, I’ll take you to look for it ……,” Sikong Zhen intended to take Elder Fei back to look for it!
But as soon as his words fell, he noticed a gust of wind coming, the surrounding poisonous tent was instantly blown away, followed by a figure slowly walking!
“There’s no need to look for it, I’ve come by myself ……”
Chen Ping slowly walked to Cai Hongwei’s side!
“You’re not dead?” Sikong Zhen was filled with surprise!
Even Cai Qiannan and Cai Hongwei were surprised!
“Little brother, you’re surprisingly fine, what about Old Miao and the others?”
Cai Hongwei asked with some shame!
After all, they ran away first and left the others behind, which made Cai Hongwei ashamed.
“They are all fine, they are fine, I just came over to look for you guys, I knew that this guy didn’t press his good intentions, I was afraid that you guys would suffer.”
Chen Ping said after Cai Hongwei!
“Hey, it is me who has eyes without pearls ……” Cai Hongwei sighed!
“Kid, you are Chen Ping?” Elder Fei asked!
“Not bad, I am Chen Ping, but I seem to have no grudges with you, why are you trying to kill me?”
“Although you are demonic cultivators, but I so think I don’t have any grievances with you demonic cultivators ah!”
Chen Ping looked towards Elder Fei, he did not understand why this Elder Fei wanted to kill himself!
“There is no need to have a fault, you have offended someone you shouldn’t have offended, so you must die ……”
Elder Fei said with an icy face!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood and said with a faint smile “So you are also the dogs of the Demon Sealing Alliance ah, think about your demon race, but now you are willing to give people as dogs ……”
Chen Ping’s sentence made Cai Hongwei directly confused, he did not understand what these devil cultivators had to do with following the Demon Sealing Alliance.