“Xiao’er has moved to kill ……”
Long Jingguo saw Long Xiao’s punch and sighed softly.
But he didn’t stop it, if Chen Ping didn’t resist this punch and died straight away, then it was fate, and Long Jingguo I didn’t want Long Xiao to keep that Chen Ping alive anymore.
Chen Ping’s humiliation of the Long Family had made even Long Jingguo completely furious!
“It’s over, it should all be over ……”
Guo Wei shook his head slightly when he saw Long Xiao’s overwhelming punch, “Even if that Chen Ping can resist this punch, he will be seriously injured even if he doesn’t die, this is the consequence of arrogance!”
Zhu Zhishan didn’t say anything, instead his eyes were fixed on the scene in the ring with a deadly gaze!
“Chen Ping, I will let you know the consequences of insulting my Long family ……”
Long Xiao shouted angrily as his aura surged once again, while that immense and incomparable fist of light followed suit and surged by several points!
Faced with this mighty fist, Chen Ping’s face was grave as every scale on his body emitted an incomparably dazzling golden light!
The divine Dragon Force within his body instantly transformed into an invisible golden dragon, encircling around Chen Ping.
Boom ……
Long Xiao’s Holy Light Fist ruthlessly blasted at Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping’s body instantly exploded into a glowing light, like a brilliant firework!
The endless wave of Qi swept through the ring, the protective light shield could no longer withstand it and shattered with a bang, and the wave of Qi carried a scorching heat that blew the people around the ring straight into a tumble!
These were all martial artists, but they couldn’t withstand the aftermath, so it was clear how powerful this punch was!
Chen Ping’s body was falling rapidly, as if it were a shooting star.
The blue light trailed behind Chen Ping with a long tail flame.
Boom …………
There was another huge explosion, and the ground was instantly blasted into a crater more than ten metres deep, with smoke and dust billowing up everywhere ……
The scene fell silent as the crowd looked at the deep crater without the slightest movement!
“Humph, how dare a grain of rice compete with the sun and the moon? How dare you compete with the sun and the moon? You don’t even know your own strength ……”
Looking at the deep pit that was unmoving, Long Xiao’s face raised a few moments of smugness.
“If this Chen Ping had not been so arrogant once he got on stage, he might have been able to follow Long Xiao for more than a hundred moves, this is the end ……”
Guo Wei shook his head and said.
Zhu Zhishan, whose face also showed no sadness or happiness, withdrew his gaze from above the ring!
He had always wanted Chen Ping to die, but now that Chen Ping was really dead, he felt a little sorry in his heart!
Such a talent, if he could be used by the Martial Arts Union, he would definitely become a great weapon!
“Dead, dead in the end!” Long Jingguo muttered, “Sister, don’t blame me, blame this son of yours for being as stubborn as you are, he buried himself with his own hands ……”
And at this moment, Bai Xiushan, Zhao Wuji, Zhao Liguo, Yu Dong, including that Dong Jiahao in the stands, all looked at the scene in front of them in disbelief!
Since Chen Ping dared to say that he would let Long Xiao make five moves, then he must have a certain level of certainty!
How could he be killed so easily?
“Big brother Chen won’t die, he definitely won’t die ……”
Zhao Beng shook his head desperately, he wanted to rush up to check, but was pulled by Zhao Liguo to death.
“How could this happen? How could this happen?”
Zhao Wuji couldn’t believe it either, the bout had ended like that, Chen Ping had been killed so easily.
Anger, helplessness and panic began to pervade these people, if Chen Ping was really dead, where would their future go?
“This Chen Ping is seeking his own death, a mere man who wants to challenge the Dragon Family and the Martial Alliance, this is seeking death!”
“We can go get our money, I said long ago to bet on Duke Long to win, absolutely no problem!”
“This guy Chen Ping is considered a man, he didn’t even fight back before he died, he said he would let five moves go ……”
The crowd was chattering, some happy, some sorry, and starting to prepare to leave the field!