After Chen Ping heard this, he fell into a short period of Chen silence, then waved his hand and said, “Let’s go, let’s quickly pass through here, no one is allowed to touch the corpses here!”
Chen Ping’s words caused all of these Holy Maidens to become a little nervous, but all of them listened to Chen Ping!
But just as Chen Ping and the others had just taken a few steps forward, there was a sudden shaking of the ground!
It was seen that from the snowy mountains not far in front of them, a rushing snow mist rose up, and five demonic beasts came running at a very fast speed!
These demonic beasts were so fast that the snow became a trail of snow mist under their feet, indeed, they were like clouds in the air!
“Treading snow cloud beasts, it’s really a Treading snow cloud beast, this is trouble ……”
Seeing this, Bing Lu’s face instantly changed drastically!
The other Saint Maidens were also pale, and their hands instantly condensed their frost swords!
This hadn’t even reached the poles yet, and they had encountered this kind of powerful demonic beast, it was too unlucky!
The five demonic beasts arrived in front of Chen Ping and the others in an instant, these demonic beasts were huge in size, each one was like a small mountain, their bodies were covered with thick snow, hiding from the probing of their divine sense!
No wonder Chen Ping’s Divine Sense did not detect any living creatures just now, nor did it detect these corpses!
These corpses were covered in snow and could not be detected at all!
The five Snow Treading Cloud Beasts were filled with an icy cold aura, and the mist spewing out of their nostrils was rapidly condensing!
Moreover, these demonic beasts had thick fur on their bodies, and on their fur was frost, forming a layer of armour!
One of the leading Snow Treading Cloud Beasts, its eyes were glaringly cold as it swept over the crowd, its mouth emitting a hissing roar as if it was provoking!
“Mr Chen, what do we do?”
Bing Lu was somewhat at a loss for words!
Although there were many of them, the strength of that Treading Snow Cloud Beast was too high!
A Treading Snow Cloud Beast of the eighth grade of the Transitional Realm with four Treading Snow Cloud Beasts of the seventh grade of the Transitional Realm, this lineup was too outrageous!
“That leading Snow Treading Cloud Beast .Hand it over to me, the remaining four, you guys can distribute them as you please, a dozen of you guys, dealing with four Transition Realm seventh grade demonic beasts shouldn’t be too much of a problem, right!”
Chen Ping looked towards Bing Lu and asked!
“En, we’ll do our best ……”
Bing Lu nodded, but did not seem to have much confidence!
After all, this kind of Snow Treading Cloud Beast had been heard to be quite difficult to deal with, and they had not dealt with it at all!
Chen Ping flew up steeply, then blasted towards that leading Snow Treading Cloud Beast!
That Snow Treading Cloud Beast let out a hiss, the earth trembled in distance, a crack appeared, and a deafening sound caused the void to distort!
“Let you call ……”
Chen Ping punched, ruthlessly smashing into the body of that Snow Treading Cloud Beast, and that huge body was instantly blown away!
Against the Treading Snow Cloud Beast of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, Chen Ping was still certain that although he could not kill it instantly, this demonic beast was not expected to last more than a few moves!
The current Chen Ping had already reached the third rank of the Transition Realm, and had also just perceived the Time Origin, so he was still very confident in facing the eighth rank of the Transition Realm!
However, Chen Ping’s only worry was whether these dozen or so Holy Maidens could deal with the remaining four Snow Treading Cloud Beasts!
Seeing that Chen Ping had struck, Bing Lu on the other hand raised the frost sword in her hand and said loudly, “Setting up a formation, we must work together to kill these four demonic beasts, we cannot let Mr Chen underestimate us!”
The dozen or so Holy Maidens raised the frost swords in their hands, and instantly a white aura flowed out at the tips of the swords before forming a cloud of biting sword qi in mid-air.
In an instant, the dozen or so Holy Maidens followed the four Snow Treading Cloud Beasts and collided together!
The dozen or so Saint Maidens co-operated well, the frost swords in their hands constantly changing their stances, and so did the condensed sword qi!
The four demonic beasts were quickly chopped by several swords, only that they didn’t receive fatal injuries because their defences were too strong!
“Sister Bing Lu, if this continues, I’m afraid we’ll be exhausted sooner or later!”
A Holy Maiden said through clenched teeth!