At this moment, the crowd was all stunned, even Hong Qianjiu and the others were frozen on the spot, none of them had expected that with so many people and the Martial Saint Artifacts, they had failed to break through this formation.
After a moment of consternation, Hong Qianjiu’s face was incomparably ugly, his eyes fierce and terrifying!
“Senior, so many people and Martial Saint Artifacts have failed to break the formation, is this formation laid out too strongly, if they really can’t break it, then wouldn’t we have wasted our efforts.”
Ning Zhi was in the corner, seeing that so many of Hong Qianjiu and the others had failed to break the formation even after joining forces, he couldn’t help but worry.
“A bunch of losers, don’t they know that to break a spell formation you need to find where the eyes of the formation are? Of all these people, can’t any of them tell where the eyes of the formation are?”
The demonic amba*sador inside Ning Zhi hadn’t thought that with so many people, no one knew about formations either.
And at this moment, the aura on Hong Qianjiu’s body continued to soar, so many people had failed to break the formation, I was afraid that they would be laughed off the stage.
“Let’s do it again ……”
With that, Hong Qianjiu and the others once again joined forces to strike, this time they almost all put in their best effort!
The tremendous power caused Penglai Island to tremble continuously, and even the ocean in the distance set off huge waves!
But the result was still the same, the formation was not damaged in the slightest!
After these two attacks, Hong Qianjiu and the others had consumed most of their Qi, so everyone looked at each other in disbelief!
If they couldn’t even break the formation, how could they talk about entering the ruins?
But the more this happened, the more the crowd was looking forward to entering the ruins, because they knew that there must be treasures in the ruins, and even the rumour of immortality might be true.
And at this moment, Ning Zhi looked at this scene and was very anxious inside, if they really could not break the formation, then their trap would have been set for nothing.
“Senior, can’t we do it ourselves and break that formation?”
Ning Zhi suggested!
After all, they had set it up, they could probably break it themselves.
But who knew that the spirit spoke, “We can’t break it either, this formation was set up by the great power himself, but I didn’t expect to set up such a strong formation ……”
This time, Ning Zhi also confused, if really can not break , then they can only wait slowly!
“Breaking the formation, not finding out where the eyes of the formation are, but using brute force, I really don’t know how on earth your strength has been cultivated to such an extent.”
Just as Hong Qianjiu looked dejected and at a loss for words, Chen Ping slowly walked out and said with a cold smile.
“Chen Ping, what the f*ck are you talking about? What are you talking about if you have the guts to break open?”
Zhu Hao already had a stomach full of fire, and when he saw Chen Ping saying windy words, he couldn’t help but be furious!
On the other hand, Hong Qianjiu’s eyes were slightly narrowed as he looked at Chen Ping with cold eyes, “Chen Ping, what do you mean? Could it be that you know where that formation eye is?”
“Of course I know ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly.
“Don’t you blow it off, you know, why don’t you take action? Do you want to reap the benefits?”
Zhu Hao questioned.
“Why should I make a move? I can do whatever I like, why should you care?”
Chen Ping directly disliked that Zhu Hao and rendered him speechless.
Hong Qianjiu quietly looked at Chen Ping, then said, “Chen Ping, if you can really break through this spell formation, I can let you enter this relic with us first, how about that?”
Everyone knew that the one who entered the ruins first would definitely have the advantage!
But who knew that Chen Ping shook his head, “I can break the formation, but I won’t enter this relic with you guys, you can go in first ……”
Hearing Chen Ping say this, that Zhu Hao then smiled coldly, “Chen Ping, are you afraid that there are still some kind of hidden weapons inside the relic, so you are afraid?”
Chen Ping only smiled lightly and did not pay him any attention!
This made that Zhu Hao even angrier!