Collecting the materials, Chen Ping did not stay long but followed Elder Sun to leave!
After leaving the Wan Tong Pavilion Branch Pavilion, Chen Ping and Elder Sun reentered the blimp!
“Elder Sun, can you make a separate room for me in the blimp, I can pay some more money.”
Chen Ping asked!
“Of course you can, I can still make the call on this airship, what money or not.”
Elder Sun smiled lightly and then prepared a separate room for Chen Ping!
The reason why Chen Ping wanted a separate room was so that he could try refining a puppet during the time on the road!
Now that the method and materials for refining the puppet were available, Chen Ping could refine it!
The airship slowly took off while Chen Ping began to refine the puppet inside the room!
Following Ouyang Zhenhua’s method, Chen Ping began to fuse the various materials!
A ray of light enveloped the room as these materials began to slowly change shape.
Looking at the puppet that was gradually taking shape, Chen Ping’s heart was somewhat excited!
He had a way to refine puppets, so as long as there were enough materials, he would be able to form an army of puppets and step on the entire Celestial Realm when the time came!
About three hours later, a puppet that was a zhang tall and filled with a sense of oppression took shape!
Chen Ping gently stroked the puppet as if he was stroking his own child!
Chen Ping’s mind moved, wanting to make the puppet move!
However, the puppet was as dead as it was, it simply did not understand, and Chen Ping’s divine sense could not contact the puppet at all!
Chen Ping sent out his divine sense again and put his breath into the puppet!
However, the puppet was still motionless.
This time, Chen Ping’s brows wrinkled up, his face was full of puzzlement, he did not understand, this puppet had obviously been successfully refined, how could it not move?
After drumming for half a day, it caused many cultivators throughout the airship to look at the room where Chen Ping was!
Chen Ping’s breath was running wild in his room, but there was no way to follow the puppet and command it!
Even when he wanted to put the puppet into his storage ring, he couldn’t even do it!
Chen Ping was somewhat enraged!
“Damn it, what the hell is going on? Obviously, the refining was successful according to the method, how come this puppet can’t be used at all?”
Chen Ping was puzzled!
“Hahahaha, you kid has been tricked ……”
At this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Lord burst out laughing!
“How could that be, if that Ouyang Family Master had lied to me, this puppet would not have been refined at all.”
Chen Ping did not believe that Ouyang Zhenhua would lie to him!
“He only told you the refining method, he did not tell you the driver, aren’t you being lied to?”
“Although this puppet was successfully refined, but without a source of energy, it would be strange if he could move.”
“You still think that this is a puppet corpse that can be driven by the power of the corpse itself ah!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he suddenly realised that this kind of refined puppet corpse needed to be driven by spirit stones, beast pills or other energies in order to work!
Chen Ping hurriedly looked for a spirit stone in his own storage ring and then embedded it into that puppet!
This time, the puppet finally moved!
But just after moving around for a bit, the puppet instantly stopped moving again!
Chen Ping was confused again!
“How much energy does that spirit stone of yours contain? Such a huge puppet, you want to use that small piece of spirit stone to drive it, are you kidding?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Seeing this, Chen Ping rummaged through his storage ring again, and then used beast pills and even some immortal herbs, but none of them were able to make the puppet completely mobile!
Chen Ping now finally understood, he wanted to form an army of puppets, it was a dream, this puppet army alone consumed all kinds of find resources, he did not have!
Although 10 million could refine puppets, but in order for the puppets to be able to fight, they needed to have a source of energy to be able to do so!
It was like buying a luxury car, if you don’t refuel it, it’s still scrap metal!
This puppet was a long term consumable, no wonder the Ouyang family didn’t refine large numbers of puppets!