Just as Chen Ping wanted to walk into that illusion formation, a sudden noise behind him interrupted him!
“Get out of the way, get out of the way, one and all are incapable and still like to join in the fun.”
Accompanied by the shouting, a dozen or so pill masters wearing white pill master uniforms rushed up, holding hands to separate a path!
Then they saw a white-haired old man, quite the immortal-like figure, wearing a grey cloth robe, slowly walking into the Pill Master’s residence!
Upon seeing this old man, many pill masters became frantic!
“Pillfather, Pillfather …………”
“Pillfather, I love you, I love you ……”
“Pillfather, please accept me as your disciple.”
“Pillfather, can I be your righteous son?”
Numerous Pill Masters hissed, and many female Pill Masters had glowing eyes, wanting to be a daughter-in-law for this old man!
Even that Ji Cheng’s breathing became a little short when he saw the Pill Elder, his expression was excited as he said “What a surprise, seeing the Pill Elder, it’s really great ……”
That Pill Elder had a proud face and could not see the slightest change in expression, for the shouts of the surrounding Pill Masters, it was as if he did not hear them!
However, when passing by a beautiful female pharmacist, that Pill Exalted would faintly smile and then reach out to touch that female pharmacist’s face!
The female pill masters who were touched were then trembling with excitement, and there were even those who fainted on the spot!
Chen Ping had a sense of déjà vu as he watched this scene.
Wasn’t this the secular world, and wasn’t this how those big stars appeared!
The many fans shouted madly, and the female fans were even madly showing their love ……
Only this Pill Dignitary was a bit too old, Chen Ping didn’t understand what these beautiful female pill masters loved about this old guy!
“What are you doing? Still not quick enough to get out of the way ……”
A pill master scolded Chen Ping when he saw that he was still in the pill reverend’s mansion!
Chen Ping didn’t make a sound and wanted to dodge to the side, but that pill venerable spotted Chen Ping, so he frowned and said “Such a young age, also come to the examination, no wonder this residence of mine is so noisy in front of the door, in the future, pill masters who are too young, can’t be assessed.”
“Take me here as a vegetable market la, just anyone can come in for assessment ……”
After saying that, the Pillfather made a wink towards a white-robed pharmacist beside him, that white-robed pharmacist instantly understood and shouted towards Chen Ping “You leave immediately, you are not qualified to take the test right now!”
“Spell what? Why can’t you be assessed if you are young?” Chen Ping frowned!
“There is no why, say you can’t and you can’t, how dare you contradict me?”
That white-robed Pill Master was instantly furious and said!
“Pillfather, this is the Pill Master that our Ji Family has invited, wanting to buy some Immortal Herbs from Pillfather, so he could only come for the test.”
Seeing this, Ji Cheng hurriedly stepped forward and explained!
Pill Dignitary coldly glanced at Ji Cheng, then waved his hand, letting the white-robed pharmacist retreat!
“For the sake of the Ji Family, let him take the test once, but it will only be in vain, he won’t be able to pass.”
After finishing his speech, the Pillfather took a step and continued to walk forwards!
And behind him, those white-robed Pill Masters followed with the female Pill Masters who had just been touched by Pill Exalted!
Those female pill masters were all extremely excited, they knew that they had been chosen!
Perhaps they would be able to rise to the top!
Looking at those excited female pharmacists, Chen Ping was a little sad in his heart, these female pharmacists are just playthings, play enough will be lost!
Still really think that they can change their destiny and level the playing field, it is simply ridiculous!
At this moment, Chen Ping, for this Pill Zun, incomparable contempt, but he needs the other hand in the hands of the immortal grass, but also can only stay in the assessment!
“Just this virtue, still worthy of becoming a Pill Zun, what a long way to go.”
Chen Ping muttered in a small voice!
But it was this whispered sentence that caused the originally departing Pillfather to suddenly stop in his tracks!