But just as Chen Ping rushed under the divine altar, there was a sudden loud bang and a thunderbolt from the sky struck down!
A huge force instantly lifted Chen Ping off his feet.
This bolt of heavenly lightning seemed to be more powerful than ever before, and many people around him could not withstand the force scattered in all directions and retreated backwards!
When Chen Ping stopped, he was surprised to find that the altar in front of him had started to crumble a little!
The stone crumbled, revealing a dark, shrunken version of the altar!
The crowd looked on in amazement, no one could tell what kind of material this divine altar was made of!
Buzz …………
Suddenly, the altar began to make a buzzing sound!
The crowd only felt dizzy and hurriedly blocked their ears!
And in the midst of this sound, the Heavenly Thunder Formation instantly collapsed and disappeared!
After the sound, a light shot out from the altar, and the light instantly penetrated the entire hill!
Ning Zhi and the others who were on guard outside suddenly saw a beam of light that shot out from within the ruins towards the sky!
In mid-air, the light suddenly spread, and immediately afterwards the entire Penglai Island was enveloped in light!
“What’s going on?”
Ning Zhi was astonished!
“There couldn’t really be treasures within this relic, could there?”
A black and gold robe said.
Just as he spoke, along with the light enveloping the entire Penglai Island, a blanket of fog began to envelop it in the sky as if it were raining fog!
“Aura revival, these are auras …………”
The Demon Envoy within Ning Zhi instantly sensed the ma*sive amount of aura spreading around him!
“This is a revival of aura, there must be treasures within the ruins that we don’t know about, rush in ……”
The Demon Amba*sador yelled.
Ning Zhi also sensed the changes around him and took the four black and gold robes with him, rushing straight in towards the ruins!
Meanwhile within the ruins, Chen Ping and the others also felt the sudden change around them!
“My lord, the aura has revived, the aura has revived, it seems that the divine altar, is the key to initiate the revival of the aura.”
A subordinate by the side of the Lui factory said with a face full of excitement.
“If this thing is obtained by our Lu family, then won’t we be able to create a land where the aura is revived?”
Another subordinate was also excited!
At this moment, the Lui factory was also trembling slightly from excitement.
Aura recovery, that would mean that they could be free from the confines of the secret realm, free from the suppression of the laws of heaven and earth, and free to walk in the secret realm and the secular world.
“Prepare to make your move ……”
Factory Lu said softly.
Several of his men nodded and immediately prepared themselves for battle!
And after looking at that divine altar, Chen Ping understood that the revival of spiritual energy on Penglai Island was because of this divine altar in front of him, and as long as he broke the divine altar, he could also control the revival of spiritual energy.
“Master Hu, Brother Jiang, get ready to make your move ……”
Chen Ping also followed Pocky Hu and the others in a low voice and droned.
Meanwhile, Hong Qianjiu looked at the dark, but not too large, divine altar in front of him and also had a glint in his eyes!
“Brother Jiu ……”
Zhu Hao excitedly shouted out to Hong Qianjiu!
“Tell everyone to prepare to make a move ……”
Hong Qianjiu also ordered down excitedly!
It looked like all the forces in the secret realm were about to touch off!
But at this very moment, Ning Zhi had already killed in with four black and gold robes!
These men were like wolves entering a flock of sheep, no one could stop them at all, and in an instant, they killed a bloody path to the front!
Ning Zhi’s eyes were filled with excitement as he looked at the glowing, all-black divine altar!
Hong Qianjiu’s face turned ugly as he saw Ning Zhi kill his way in with four black and gold robes!
Chen Ping also frowned.
If he had only dealt with Hong Qianjiu and the others, Chen Ping would have been somewhat certain, but now that Ning Zhi had rushed in with four black and gold robes as well, it would be almost impossible for him to destroy the divine altar if he wanted to!