“No need, since they want to compete, then let’s do it!”
Chen Ping waved his hand, then continued, “I’m also going to be in seclusion for the next few days, so if there’s nothing else, don’t look for me!”
“Alright!”
Zhao Wuji nodded his head.
Just then, a member of the Dharma Protection Pavilion hurriedly came to report.
“Pavilion Master, someone has come to beg to see Instructor Chen!”
The Dharma Protecting Pavilion member said.
“What kind of person is it?” Zhao Wuji was stunned!
At this time, Chen Ping was considered a hot potato in the entire Kyoto Martial Dao community, anyone who dared to approach Chen Ping would be following the entire Martial Dao Alliance against him!
Now that someone was suddenly looking for Chen Ping, it took Zhao Wuji by surprise.
“He said that his name is Dong Jiahao ……”
The Guardian Pavilion member said.
“Why is he here?” Chen Ping was a little surprised!
Chen Ping had not seen Dong Jiahao since they separated in the ancient tomb, but he had a good impression of Dong Jiahao.
As he followed that Guardian Pavilion member to the hall, Chen Ping found Dong Jiahao sipping tea!
Seeing that Chen Ping had arrived, Dong Jiahao hurriedly got up and looked at Chen Ping with an admiring expression, “Chen Ping, you are really something, you dare to follow the Martial Law Alliance and openly call the shots, I have long looked at these guys with displeasure, but I just don’t dare to tear my face off, you are really something!”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “I was only forced to do so ……”
“Don’t worry, you can do it, I support you, now that the Martial Arts Union is dominant, someone has to fight back!”
Dong Jiahao patted Chen Ping’s shoulder!
Chen Ping smiled, “Brother Dong sought me out, did you come over just to brag about me?”
“Hahahaha, to praise you, there’s no need to come here to look for you, I’ll just buy you a bunch of water forces on the martial arts forum to praise you, wouldn’t it be better, I’m looking for you this time because of an important matter!”
Dong Jiahao said, his eyes glancing around twice.
“This is the Guardian Pavilion, there won’t be any eyes and ears!”
Chen Ping was wondering what Dong Jiahao was going to say, so secretive.
“Chen Ping, do you still remember that Ning Zhi?”
Dong Jiahao asked.
Chen Ping nodded, “Of course I remember!”
That Ning Zhi had even threatened Chen Ping at that time, so how could Chen Ping forget it!
“You should watch out for this kid, I heard that he has been spying on the treasures you are holding!”
Dong Jiahao whispered.
“Haha, if he’s capable, come and grab it, I’m not even afraid of the Martial Alliance, I’ll still be afraid of him, Ning Zhi?”
Chen Ping didn’t care too much, Zhu Zhishan, as the Martial Dao Alliance’s alliance leader, personally found Chen Ping and asked for that 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers map, Chen Ping even flatly refused, he would still be afraid of that Ning Zhi.
“A gentleman is good to mess with, but a villain is hard to guard against, that Ning Zhi is very insidious, and that Ning family is not much worse than the Martial Dao Alliance, so be careful yourself!”
Dong Jiahao admonished.
“En, thank you brother Dong for reminding me!” Chen Ping said gratefully.
Dong Jiahao stayed for a while and then left, while Chen Ping took out the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map and prepared to begin his closed-door cultivation for a few days!
But just as he was getting ready, Chen Ping was called out again!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, is there anything else?”
Chen Ping walked out of the room and asked Zhao Wuji.
“Mr. Chen, someone is looking for you again!”
Zhao Wuji said.
“Who?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, what was wrong with today, someone was always looking for him, he couldn’t even close down to cultivate if he wanted to.
“Ning Zhi of the Ning Family!”
As soon as Zhao Wuji’s words fell, he saw Ning Zhi surprisingly walk over with someone.
Behind Ning Zhi was still followed by the old man who looked weak, but this time, beside Ning Zhi, there was an additional man who was short and very lean.
“Good day, Brother Chen …………”
Ning Zhi still had a smile on his face, making him appear cordial to the eye.
However, Chen Ping knew that this kind of smiling tiger was the most terrifying of all.