“I wanted to let you live a little longer, but you sought your own death ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and lifted his foot towards Cheng Kun’s head to stomp on it.
Poof …………
Cheng Kun didn’t even have time to scream miserably before his head was stomped on by Chen Ping, his brains splattered, and the bloody smell instantly filled the entire tomb room.
“Eldest Young Master ……”
Seeing this, the two Thunderbolt Sect Martial Sects flew towards Chen Ping and attacked.
The two raging auras directly locked Chen Ping in place.
Chen Ping merely looked sideways at the two Thunderbolt Sect Martial Sects twice, his eyes filled with disdain, followed by a clenching of his fists, and a golden light began to faintly glow above them!
“Go to hell ……”
Chen Ping’s feet gave a lurch and the hard green stone ground instantly cracked, while Chen Ping’s body leapt up and his fists came out in unison, heading towards the two Thunderbolt Sect Martial Sects.
Boom!
Two golden lights flashed as Chen Ping’s fists collided with the two Thunderbolt Sect Martial Sects.
Immediately afterwards, the bodies of the two Thunderbolt Sect Martial Sects instantly burst apart, spilling blood and flesh, making the entire chamber horrifying and bloody.
At this moment, all looked at Chen Ping in shock, no one had expected that this fellow Chen Ping would be able to blow up two Martial Sect experts at the same time.
“You want to seek revenge on me?”
Chen Ping was covered in blood as his eyes stared at Xuan Yuan Kai.
Xuan Yuan Kai looked at the death-like Chen Ping and was so frightened that his body actually trembled slightly, even though there were two Martial Sects behind him to protect him, at this moment Xuan Yuan Kai had already been scared silly.
He really did not expect that Chen Ping’s strength had reached such a terrifying level.
“I …… I ……”
Xuanyuan Kai backed up repeatedly, but he did not know how to answer Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, how dare you, how dare you kill someone during the trial, are you treating me as if I don’t exist?”
A huge and terrifying aura caused Chen Ping’s body to shake and retreat a few steps back, then Guo Wei slowly walked over with anger on his face.
Seeing Guo Wei step forward, Xuanyuan Kai’s mood was then much smoother, at least he would not be in danger of his life anymore.
“You’re the trial leader, but you can’t be fair and just, so what if I don’t listen to you? They came after me first, are you blind and can’t see that?”
Chen Ping did not fear Guo Wei in the slightest, and his eyes stared.
Chen Ping dared to scold Guo Wei, which caused everyone present to be shocked, even that Long Xiao was a little impressed with Chen Ping.
“Seek death …………”
Guo Wei’s majesty was provoked, and he burst into a rage as a dazzling aura began to gas from his body.
Immediately after that dazzling aura ruthlessly pressed towards Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping raised his fist to meet it!
Since he had broken through, he had not yet fought against the peak of the Martial Sect realm, so Chen Ping wanted to see how far his strength had reached after he had broken through the Martial Sect!
Guo Wei’s fist was wrapped in powerful Qi, and the aura of a peak Martial Sect made the entire tomb room become oppressive, and many people felt difficulty breathing.
The Dantian inside Chen Ping’s body was frantically channeling spiritual energy, while the inner dan that had not long condensed inside Chen Ping’s body emitted a colourful light, the light shone on that dragon crystal, which began to emit spiritual energy into the Dantian.
Inside Chen Ping’s body, it was as if a small formation had formed, causing the aura on Chen Ping’s body to climb as well.
Soon, the two auras collided into each other and Chen Ping’s body gave a lurch, followed by a few steps backwards.
Guo Wei frowned and kicked viciously at Chen Ping’s shoulder from mid-air!
Although Guo Wei was angry, he did not dare to take Chen Ping’s life easily, otherwise he would not be able to explain to Mr. Shi.
Chen Ping bellowed, his body emitting a brilliant golden light, his Unbreakable Golden Body was brought into full play by Chen Ping.
Boom!
Guo Wei’s kick ruthlessly hit Chen Ping’s shoulder, Chen Ping only felt as if a big mountain had smashed on him, then his leg bent and he fell to one knee, the ground was sunken several points by this blow.