Black and White Impermanence faintly stared at Liu Rui and said, “I never thought that you, a little girl, would know about my Burning Heaven Sect.”
“Yes, we are the Black and White Impermanents of the Burning Heaven Sect, and we have come here to take your lives.”
The White Impermanent looked at Liu Rui with a greedy lustful glint in his eyes!
“Miss Liu, what is the Burning Heaven Cult?” Chen Ping asked.
He didn’t understand, weren’t there only three sects and six schools in this hidden world?
When did the Burning Heaven Sect appear again, and looking at the strength of these two people, the overall strength of this Burning Heaven Sect must be very good!
“Mr. Chen, this Burning Heaven Cult is an evil cultivation organization. The witching soul that was planted inside my master’s body belonged to Yao Qing, the leader of this Burning Heaven Cult.”
“Back then, he had a fight with my master, but he left a residual soul inside my master’s body, which caused the Pill Refining Sect to extort a lot of resources from our Pure Yang Sect every year.”
Liu Rui followed Chen Ping and explained in detail.
“It was him?” Chen Ping remembered the wisp of a residual soul, which was very powerful back then!
If the body existed, then its strength would be even more unimaginable!
“It seems that there are too many old things with mutated strength in this Hidden Realm ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but sigh with emotion!
“So it’s the young ladies of the Pure Yang Clan, just in time for us to capture you so that that old man Yue Buqun can use the resources to ransom you.”
When Black Impermanence heard that they were from the Pure Yang Clan, he said with great confidence!
The Pure Yang Sect was the worst among the three sects and the six schools, except for the Pill Refining Sect, so there was no need to worry about taking action against the Pure Yang Sect!
“Old Black, you will deal with the boy with the Martial Saint, and this little b*tch will deal with me, I want to have fun ho ho ho.”
“How many years have I not touched a woman, I want to enjoy it today ……”
The two eyes of White Impermanence are fixed on Liu Rui, and they want to swallow Liu Rui in one bite!
Chen Ping is only a Martial Saint, plus Liu Rui is a second-rate Martial God, so Black and White Impermanence can be sure that they will eat Chen Ping and the two of them!
“You …… shameless, beast ……”
Liu Rui saw the white impermanent’s dirty words, her face immediately turned red, very embarra*sed!
“Hahahaha, how come I’m getting more and more excited when I see this little lady getting angry?”
White Impermanence laughed out loud!
Black Impermanence said to Chen Ping, “Kid, just leave your valuable things and get out of here.
“You’re not going to kill me?” Chen Ping said in mock surprise.
“Yes, you are now rolling, I can not kill you, you are being in the way here just, the two of us to be together, hehehe ……”
Black Impermanence said with a lecherous grin on his face!
“Hey, it’s a pity you guys won’t kill me, but I want to kill you guys ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold laugh!
Black Impermanence was stunned, he didn’t think that Chen Ping, a small Martial Saint, would dare to say such a thing!
“Kid, don’t you know who you’re talking to?”
Black Impermanence said with a slight gaze in his eyes.
He knew that when a Martial Saint met a Martial God, he would have to kneel down and beg for mercy, so how dare he speak out of turn?
“I really don’t know who I’m talking to, but you’re so dark, you look like a mongrel.
Chen Ping asked.
Pfft …………
At this tense moment, Chen Ping’s remark instantly made Liu Rui burst out laughing!
But the black impermanent was outraged and drew out a black soul-attracting stick, which was so black that it emitted a sound of ghostly wailing!
“Kid, today I will break your body into pieces and send your soul into the eighteen levels of hell, unable to be reborn forever!”
Black Impermanence shouted angrily and his aura exploded instantly!
The White Impermanent also instantly pulled out a white soul-attracting stick, with a cold aura emanating from it!