Gu Tianzhao led the people from the Two Yi Sect and desperately supported the defensive formation!
However, it was obvious that these guys from the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect were also desperately trying their best, and a spiritual light kept hitting the formation!
Boom!
Finally, after a quarter of an hour, the defensive formation shattered with a loud bang and instantly disappeared!
However, with such a hastily laid defensive formation, being able to withstand it for such a long time was not bad at all!
As the formation shattered, the many disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect began to cast various techniques towards Chen Ping and the others, and a confinement formation that enveloped Chen Wenliang and the others!
This was Mu Qiufeng wanting to capture Chen Wenliang and the rest of them, the pill masters, alive!
“Fellow Daoists, the time to fight for your lives has come ……”
Chen Wenliang shouted and began to return fire!
For a while, thunder rolled above the island, the heavens and earth trembled, and all sorts of techniques clashed continuously!
Mu Qiufeng, on the other hand, was heading straight for Chen Ping, no matter what Chen Ping’s identity was, he would have to kill Chen Ping before he could do so!
Even if Chen Ping was really someone from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, so what, the person was dead, and it was impossible to be talking about it!
Chen Ping watched Mu Qiufeng coming towards him as his body leapt up!
He couldn’t follow Mu Qiufeng and fight on this island, he was afraid that the island wouldn’t be able to withstand it at all!
Chen Ping’s body was suspended in mid-air, and wisps of flame Qi began to appear all around him, like little snakes of aura, travelling around Chen Ping’s body!
The Unbreakable Golden Body was tightly wrapped around Chen Ping’s body, and the Dragon Cutting Sword was held in his hand!
Facing Mu Qiufeng, Chen Ping did not dare to be the slightest bit careless!
Seeing this, Mu Qiufeng then tentatively raised his hand and directly struck out a shocking aura!
This dense aura was like a bolt of lightning that instantly crossed the void and blasted towards Chen Ping!
Rumble …………
Along with an explosive sound, those flame auras around Chen Ping scattered in all directions, roiling the sky and causing the entire sky to fall into a sea of fire!
However, Chen Ping’s palm gently stroked, those flame qi once again gathered towards Chen Ping, like a fire snake, surrounding Chen Ping, constantly circling and flowing!
When Mu Qiufeng saw this, his pupils slightly shrunk!
Only to see that behind Chen Ping, there was a figure that vaguely appeared, this figure followed Chen Ping’s main body exactly, only that there were flames emanating from all around his body!
Chen Ping’s main body followed the figure, emitting a glow of an ancient Immortal!
From the inside to the outside, there was an immortal aura, as if it was an Immortal Elder descending!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body was suspended in mid-air, just like an immortal!
Every bone, every meridian, and even the blood vessels on Chen Ping’s body were vaguely visible!
Chen Ping was nothing more than the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, yet right now, he gave off a feeling as if he was a god, not daring to look directly at him!
“What exactly is this gong method? How could it have such an aura?”
Mu Qiufeng looked at Chen Ping in front of him, and his entire being was stunned!
At this moment, he was even more convinced that Chen Ping was the son of some great family, and even if he wasn’t the imperial son of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, then his status was certainly not low!
The more this was the case, the more Mu Qiufeng could not let Chen Ping leave alive, or else they were afraid that the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect was going to be doomed!
“Kid, I don’t care if you’re the prince of the Xiao Dynasty, you don’t want to leave here today!”
Mu Qiufeng’s eyes were slightly glazed over before he charged towards Chen Ping!
“Just with you, you want to stop me?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with indifference, the True Fire Dharma Body was already in motion, Chen Ping wanted to let this Mu Qiufeng feel the power of the Supreme Fire!
One type of Supreme Fire might not be able to deal with Mu Qiufeng, but Chen Ping possessed more than one type of Supreme Fire!
Moreover, with the True Fire Dharma Body, these Supreme Flames were constantly being refined and fused!
Now, the Supreme Flame that Chen Ping had struck out was not a separate type of Supreme Flame!
Seeing Mu Qiufeng who had already rushed to his eyes, Chen Ping raised his arm and pointed in the air!
Boom!
A flame was like a flood, spreading out towards Mu Qiufeng.