Chen Ping took out the wind-stabilising bead from his storage ring, which was what the subdued old turtle had carried for himself from the Sea of Ink when he was in the Sea of Ink!
Only, Chen Ping was not sure if this Wind Stabilising Bead could resist the tens of miles of storm!
Everyone was dumbfounded as they looked at the huge storm that had formed in front of them!
The aura of death loomed over everyone’s head!
Above the spirit boat, it was even more chaotic, and there were even timid people who began to tremble, tears coming out of their eyes!
“Sect Master, this storm is too massive, I’m afraid our formations won’t be able to withstand it.”
Gu Tianzhao looked at the huge storm that was gradually forming in front of him and also said with worry!
As soon as they heard Gu Tianzhao say this, Chen Wenliang and also Zhong Yi hurriedly came up!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, what …… about this? Are we all going to die here?”
Chen Wenliang asked!
“Don’t worry, we just need to pass through this storm and enter the centre of the storm, we will be safe, this huge storm, the centre area must be quiet.”
Chen Ping looked at the storm that was dozens of miles in diameter, he knew that for a storm of this scale, the centre area was the safest!
It was necessary to find a way to make the spirit boat quickly pass through the edge of the storm, as it was the edge of the storm that had the greatest destructive power!
Listening to Chen Ping’s words, all of them were very worried!
“Sect Master, I’m afraid that we’re going to have to penetrate into the centre area of the storm, this formation won’t be able to carry it.”
Gu Tianzhao reminded once again!
The crowd also felt that this rickety spirit boat would not be able to carry the ravages of such a large storm!
“Don’t worry, if the formation breaks, I still have treasures in my hand that should be able to withstand this storm.”
Chen Ping slowly said!
Seeing Chen Ping say this, Gu Tianzhao did not say anything else!
Everyone else was also silent and prayed silently!
The spirit boat quickly arrived at the edge of the huge storm, and at this time, the wind blades generated by the storm crackled and snapped on top of the spirit boat’s defensive formation!
A crack instantly appeared in the defensive formation and it looked like it was about to shatter.
Gu Tianzhao glanced at Chen Ping, and then led the people to desperately push their spiritual energy to repair the broken formation!
The people from the Two Yi Sect gritted their teeth and forced their spirit boats to enter the storm, but just as they entered the storm, the defence formation shattered with a loud bang!
Everyone was shocked and rushed to mobilise their body’s maximum potential, trying to resist the terrifying storm!
However, after half a day of preparation, the crowd found that although that defensive formation had broken, the wind blades generated by the storm did not come towards the crowd!
The raging storm seemed to be dodging the spirit boat in general!
“What is this …… situation?”
Chen Wenliang’s face was filled with shock, not understanding how this storm was circling the spirit boat!
“Mr Chen, what is that thing in your hand?”
At this time, Nie Heng noticed the wind-stabilising bead that Chen Ping was holding in his hand and asked curiously!
“This is a wind-stabilising bead, it can dodge the threat of storms.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Only a soft glow emanated from the Wind Fixing Bead, and there was a whistling wind sound resounding from within the bead!
“Wind Fixing Bead? Fellow Daoist Chen even has such a treasure, no wonder you are so confident.”
Upon hearing this, Chen Wenliang hurriedly came over and took a good look at the wind-stabilising bead!
Everyone else had also gathered around, this was the first time they had seen such a treasure like Chen Ping’s!
With the wind-stabilising bead, the spirit boat continued to penetrate forward and soon penetrated the edge of the storm!
When it reached the centre of the storm, the heaven and earth visions disappeared, and only the endless storm hissed around it!
As expected, the centre of this huge storm was safe and very calm!
However, on the surface of this sea, densely packed with demonic beast corpses, these demonic beasts should have all been strangled by the storm!
“We are safe for the time being, with so many demonic beast corpses, if there are those who want the beast pills, they can go and get them themselves ……”
Chen Ping said to the crowd!
When the crowd heard this, they jumped into the sea and then dug for the beast dans of those dead demonic beasts!