“Ling Feng, what do you mean? Are there no good people if you’ve been in jail? Don’t you dare bring thorns in your words ……”
As soon as Su Yuqi heard that this Ling Feng was obviously targeting Chen Ping, she was instantly displeased!
Seeing that Su Yuqi was actually protecting Chen Ping, that Ling Feng’s face instantly turned ugly and he yelled at Su Yuqi, “Yuqi, let me ask you, what attracts you to this reformer, why are you always speaking up for him? Can’t you see that I have my heart set on you? As long as the two of us come together, the Su family can flourish forever in Hongcheng, isn’t that good?”
“Ling Feng, although you are the second generation of officials that everyone envies, but I don’t care, do you understand?”
Su Yuqi looked at that Ling Feng in boredom!
“Why, why is that?” Ling Feng grabbed Su Yuqi’s arm, “Am I still inferior to this reformer? Where exactly am I inferior to him?”
Ling Feng’s face was full of fierceness as he growled loudly!
Su Yuqi frowned, her expression slightly pained, “Ling Feng, you’re hurting me!”
But that Ling Feng was like a madman, holding onto Su Yuqi for dear life, not letting go at all!
“Little Feng …………”
Su Wenzong’s face was cold, this was going too far to make a direct move on his own daughter in front of him!
” You seek death ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly, a killing intent burst out from inside his body!
And then directly reached out to live in that Ling Feng’s wrist, Ling Feng only felt as if his wrist was clamped in a vise, a sharp pain came from his heart!
“Ah …………”
With a shriek, that Ling Feng let go of his hand and Su Yuqi took the opportunity to run behind Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping slammed his fist towards Ling Feng!
“Chen Ping, don’t do it …………”
Su Wenzong hurriedly spoke out to stop it!
Ling Feng was the son of one of Hong Cheng’s handlers, how could he be hit casually, this punch would be bad, if Chen Ping didn’t take it lightly and killed Ling Feng with one punch, then things would be big!
Seeing Su Wenzong’s words, Chen Ping stopped his fist in time, but the sharp wind of his fist still caused Ling Feng’s face a hot pain, and his crotch instantly got wet.
In all his life, Ling Feng had never been bullied like this, and just feeling Chen Ping’s fist, this Ling Feng was scared to death.
“If you touch Yu Qi, I’ll kill you!”
With a flick of Chen Ping’s fist, Ling Feng instantly flew out of the gazebo and landed heavily on the ground!
Ling Feng stood up, his eyes full of viciousness, looking at his already P*ss wet trousers, he had no face to stay any longer!
“Kid, you’re just a reformed labourer, dare to follow me against me, I’ll get you killed in a minute, just wait for me!”
Ling Feng put down his fierce words, turned around and left!
After Ling Feng left, Su Wenzong let out a sigh of relief, “Luckily you stopped, if you had hit him, I’m afraid this matter would not be easy to handle, this is the son of the first hand of the city!”
“His wrist has been crushed by me!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
He had already known Ling Feng’s identity, so what could he do even if he was the son of the first hand of the city? Chen Ping wasn’t the least bit afraid!
“What?” Su Wenzong’s heart shook: “You …… have crushed Ling Feng’s wrist? This is bad!”
Su Yuqi was also full of shock, “It’s over, this time I’m afraid that Ling Feng won’t be able to give up!”
Both Su Wenzong and Su Yuqi’s faces were filled with worry!
“It seems like we can only ask Gu Gu about this matter, although he has retired from the provincial government, he should still have some contacts and be able to help strike up a conversation!”
The first thing Su Wenzong thought of was Gu Wentian.
Although the Su family was the richest in Hongcheng, but in the eyes of those politicians, they businessmen were just pawns to earn money, they had no status at all!
“Even though that guy is the son of the city’s hand, there’s no need to be so nervous, right? It’s just a broken wrist, it’s not like it can’t be reattached, besides, his father is the head of a city, he wouldn’t be unreasonable, right?”
Seeing Su Wenzong’s worried look, Chen Ping was full of puzzlement!