Seeing that the people from the Burning Heaven Divine Sect were gone, Chen Ping and the others didn’t need to hide their strength!
“Humph, this Burning Heaven Divine Sect is really rubbish, when I save my father, I will definitely give them this rubbish divine sect, the name of an evil sect.”
Anna roared in anger.
“Alright, don’t get angry, let’s just kill this tiger demon first!”
Chen Ping persuaded Anna!
“Chen Ping, this tiger demon can only be killed by you, others going up there are afraid that they will have to tangle for a while and might even get hurt!”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping in a very sensible manner.
“Okay, I’ll do it!”
Chen Ping nodded, and then took a step forward!
With a wave of Chen Ping’s right hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly appeared in Chen Ping’s hand from his heart!
A brilliant light flashed up on Chen Ping’s body.
Although Chen Ping was certain of killing this Tiger Demon, he would not be careless though!
After all, it was a demonic beast of the Great Martial Marquis realm, and although it was bred and weaker in ferocity than wild demonic beasts, Chen Ping was still on strict alert!
The power of the divine dragon within Chen Ping’s body was continuously injected into the Zenglong Sword, which pointed to the heavens as a green aura appeared!
Behind Chen Ping, a huge sword shadow appeared, just like a mountain!
At this moment, a huge humming sound occurred from the Dragon Cutting Sword, seemingly stirring up the entire snowy mountain.
And within the snowy mountain, there seemed to be a sound emanating from it, responding to the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand!
This response was sensed by Chen Ping, causing an incredible excitement to appear on Chen Ping’s face.
The tiger demon sensed the aura emanating from Chen Ping’s body, and in its originally fierce eyes, it was now showing fear!
The tiger demon’s body was slowly retreating backwards, seemingly unwilling to follow Chen Ping into battle!
“Not bad for being bred, to be so spiritual ……”
Seeing that tiger demon’s constantly retreating body, Chen Ping smiled coldly!
But he would not let this tiger demon go so easily, the beast pellet inside the tiger demon was the best cultivation resource!
But just as Chen Ping was about to strike, the tiger demon turned his head and ran away, as fast as he could!
In a matter of seconds, his figure instantly disappeared into the snowy mountains!
With this, Chen Ping was at a loss as to what to do.
Hu Ma Zi and the others were also confused!
“sh*t, this is a f*cking beast, how can he escape so fast ……”
Hu Pazzi couldn’t help but marvel!
One should know that demonic beasts were all brutal by nature, no matter what kind of enemy they encountered, they would only attack and rarely turn around and run.
But this tiger demon can only turn and run when it senses danger, so it can be seen that it has opened up its spiritual wisdom!
“This is a bred demonic beast, so it has spiritual wisdom, and it is normal for it to run away when it encounters a strong enemy.”
Ge Yuhan explained.
“Bred?” Hu Pocky froze, “If I were to raise such a fierce beast sometime, that would be awesome.”
Pocky Hu had a look of envy on his face, after all, raising a demonic beast of the Great Martial Marquis realm, how imposing would it be, and it could be used as a mount!
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand and said with a helpless face, “Looks like we have to let this Tiger Demon live a little longer, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping led Hu Ma Zi and the others onwards!
And at this moment, in the middle of the ruins, the Second Priest felt the vibration that had just occurred in the ruins, and his face was filled with surprise!
“That vibration just came from the Land of the Sword Mound, could it be that this Land of the Sword Mound is about to be opened?”
The Second Priest looked closely at the crystal altar in front of him, his eyes filled with anticipation!
“Lord Priest, the Tiger Demon has returned ……”
A man in black came to report!
“Eh, this fellow has probably had his fill again this time.” The second priest nodded, “Those who went through the boundary, have they retreated now?”
The man in black shook his head, “Not yet, we found two groups of people hiking in different directions, one of the groups had a girl that looked a lot like Princess Anna ……”