Chen Ping gently patted the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s shoulder as a form of comfort!
For the Devil Race to come to this point today, it was definitely calculated by someone!
There was also the God-Devil War, which was definitely manipulated by someone behind the scenes!
The God-Devil War back then was not just the Celestial Realm as a realm world, many realm worlds were in a state of chaos!
“Ghost Elder, I believe that it won’t be long before the three races will definitely get along well with each other, and the entire Immortal Cultivation Realm will be prosperous.”
“At that time, no matter if it’s the Human Race, the Demon Race or the Beast Race, they will all be treated equally!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Let’s hope, let’s hope that this day will come ……”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder had a few hopes in his eyes!
“Don’t ask for any equal treatment, just hope that there is a real distinction between good and evil in the eyes of all people, although I am a devil cultivator, but I abide by the rules and keep my promises, while some of the human race’s prestigious sects are not even as good as us devil cultivators.”
“That Demon Sealing Alliance has always claimed to be a famous and righteous sect, with the slogan of getting rid of demons and defending the way, but the things they do are all inferior.”
“Now the entire Celestial Realm, where is there a distinction between good and evil, many people in the Celestial Realm are confused ……”
Luo Shouhai said with some righteous indignation!
Chen Ping heard Luo Shouhai’s words and was able to understand his current mood!
Originally, he was peaceful and abided by the rules, but it was because of his identity as a devil cultivator that he was often misunderstood and hunted down!
When they were in Mo Hai, Luo Xi and Jin Dong almost died there because of their devil cultivator status!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, Luo Xi and Jin Dong would have fallen in the Ink Sea!
In fact, what was wrong with Luo Xi and Jin Dong?
What have they done to hurt the world?
Just because of their unchangeable identities, they were subjected to the criticism and pursuit of the masses!
Chen Ping followed Luo Shouhai and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and explained a few things before turning around and leaving!
As for Ji Yun and the Fire Phoenix girls, they would stay in the Blood Spirit Valley for the time being!
It was safer for Chen Ping to be alone now, and with his changed appearance and aura, no one would find him! >
If they were followed by Fire Phoenix and the others by their side, someone would definitely deduce Chen Ping’s identity based on Fire Phoenix and the others!
After Chen Ping left, Luo Shouhai brought the disciples of the Blood Spirit Peak and also began to descend the mountain and burned the Blood Spirit Peak with a fire!
From then on, there was no more Blood Spirit Peak!
………………
Deep within the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Two cultivators were running in a sorry state, one of them was a green-clothed woman, wearing a jade stone on her chest, which was flickering with a faint white light, with a hint of vitality aura flowing through it!
“Senior sister, you take the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng and go first, I’ll stay and stall for you ……”
A man wearing a green-coloured robe with an injured left arm said!
“Senior brother, you’re injured, you’d better take the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng and go, I’ll stall for you!”
The woman in green pulled out a very exquisite wooden box from her bosom and handed it to the man!
But the man didn’t take it, instead he said with a grave face “Senior sister, don’t be arguing with me, you should quickly go back, otherwise it will be too late to save master.”
The man pushed the woman, and then turned around and ran back with his sword!
But the man had just taken two steps when his face instantly turned ugly!
Only to see a man with a scar on his face and only one eye chasing after him, and behind him were four other strong men wielding various treasure weapons!
These five people surrounded the man and the woman as soon as they arrived, and the five people carried a blood-devouring aura on their bodies, and one could tell at a glance that they were demonic cultivators!
“Fellow Daoist, we’re both demonic cultivators, why do we have to be so bitter?”
“If fellow Daoists can let me and my senior sister go, our Soul Demon Sect will definitely be grateful.”
“Fellow Daoists, if you can go to my Soul Demon Sect as guests, we will definitely offer all kinds of resources.”
The man said very politely after the one-eyed man!
“Heh heh heh, are you f*cking stupid? I chased you for half a day for the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng in your hands, who’s going to be a guest of your Soul Demon Sect.”
“It’s possible that your Soul Demon Sect’s bloke, drained the old man’s soul, and still let the old man how to cultivate!”
The one-eyed man laughed out loud!