Ye Fengchun was stunned, to know how many people wanted to enter his discipline, some even spent hundreds of millions of money, they might not even be able to get him to nod his head yes, but this Chen Ping in front of him, he was so dismissive!
“Kid, I gave you a chance and you don’t want it, then you are the one who is looking for death ……”
Ye Fengchun’s face turned grim: “Kill him for me!”
The remaining three disciples instantly stepped forward and surrounded Chen Ping, Lin Tianhu saw this and hurriedly hid far away, it wasn’t that Lin Tianhu was afraid of death, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to help and add to Chen Ping’s burden.
Looking at the three people surrounding him, Chen Ping’s face was expressionless, not putting these people in his eyes in the slightest.
“If you still plan to die a few more disciples, then I will make it happen!”
Chen Ping finished his sentence and suddenly slapped his palm forward, a seemingly light palm, but it contained great power, a stream of spiritual energy gushed out from his dantian!
Boom …………
The air rippled, as if a stone had been suddenly dropped on a calm lake!
Three of Ye Fengchun’s disciples had panic in their eyes, but before they could say a word, they all instantly flew backwards!
This time, the three didn’t even struggle, they didn’t move a muscle after they fell to the ground!
“This …………”
Ye Fengchun’s face changed and he was instantly dumbfounded!
And that Feng Sihai hid by the side, his body trembled, he began to regret, regret that he came to seek revenge on Chen Ping!
“Is this the peak of internal energy you were talking about?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Ye Fengchun playfully.
Ye Fengchun had an embarra*sed face at this point, and his heart had long since begun to tremble!
He could never have imagined that Chen Ping was so young and his strength could reach the level of a Patriarch, he had miscalculated!
“You …… are indeed very strong, count me out today, but I won’t just let the matter of you killing my disciple go!”
After Ye Fengchun finished speaking, he got up and headed out, not even caring about his own disciple’s corpse!
Seeing this, Feng Sihai also hurriedly followed after Ye Fengchun!
“Did I say you could leave?”
Chen Ping’s cold voice came from behind, causing Ye Fengchun and Feng Sihai to stand still for a moment!
“Do you …… you still want to kill me?”
Ye Fengchun asked as he looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
“What? You can’t kill? If I am not as skilled as you today, will you let me go?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly!
“Kid, I am from the Iron Gate Pavilion, and although I have already left the Iron Gate Pavilion to set up my own business, if you kill me, will my master brothers spare you? At that time, you will definitely be hunted down and killed by the Iron Gate Pavilion!”
Ye Fengchun also declared his family name, hoping that this would make Chen Ping let him go!
“I don’t know anything about the Iron Gate Pavilion, don’t you want to save a life by talking so much nonsense? Now kneel down and kowtow to me, I can spare you ……”
Chen Ping had disdain in his eyes.
“Kid, you bully people too much …………”
Ye Fengchun was furious, how could someone of their status kneel down for someone like them.
In a rage, Ye Fengchun struck out at Chen Ping, the moment he struck was a killing move, each punch carried the sound of breaking air!
Boom boom boom …………
Chen Ping stood still and let Ye Fengchun hit him!
After three punches, Ye Fengchun felt his arms go numb and he couldn’t even make a fist with both hands, but then he looked at Chen Ping as if nothing was wrong, looking at him with a sneer on his face.
“You …… you know hard qigong too?”
Ye Fengchun’s eyes were full of surprise.
“Hard qigong is a ball!” Chen Ping let out a cold laugh before smashing out a fist!
Seeing this, Ye Fengchun hurriedly planted himself in a horse stance and shouted explosively, “Thousand jin drop, Iron Cloth Shirt …………”
Ye Fengchun’s face turned red as he brought his kung fu to its fullest!
Boom …………
After a thunderous sound, Ye Fengchun’s body didn’t move at all!
Seeing this, Feng Sihai’s eyes were instantly happy, as long as Ye Fengchun was alright, then he could follow him and leave safely!