“Grandpa …………”
Watanabe Fumikishi looked at Watanabe Kazuo!
“If you don’t die, do you still want us to be buried with you?”
“If you die, your family won’t have to worry.”
Watanabe Kazuo glared angrily at Watanabe Fumiishi!
Watanabe Fumikishi had no choice but to take a step forward, and then fell on his knees in front of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked coldly at that Watanabe Fumikishi, without saying a word, he just kicked over a katana!
Watanabe Fumishi looked at the katana in front of him, he understood Chen Ping’s meaning!
Slowly picking up the katana, Watanabe Fumikishi looked up at Chen Ping: “I can die, but I hope you can spare the others ……”
But Chen Ping didn’t even look at that Watanabe Fumikishi, nor did he pay any attention to him!
Seeing this, Watanabe Fumikishi sighed helplessly, gently wiped the blood on his katana, and violently stabbed towards his abdomen!
But just as Watanabe Fumikishi stabbed himself in the stomach, there was a cold flash in his eyes, followed by a flick of his wrist and the katana turned!
He stabbed Chen Ping hard in front of him.
At that moment, Chen Ping was very close to Watanabe Fumikishi and was defenseless!
Poof …………
This stab, directly by Watanabe Fumikishi, viciously stabbed Chen Ping in the abdomen!
But just as Watanabe Fumikishi was pleased, he suddenly found that the katana, after stabbing some distance in, seemed to be stuck.
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t get it in again!
Watanabe Fugishi was shocked and looked up suddenly to find Chen Ping looking at him with a cold smile on his face!
Immediately afterwards, Watanabe Fumishi only felt a flash of white light before his eyes.
Watanabe Fugan’s head was chopped off by Chen Ping’s sword, and the katana fell out of Watanabe Fugan’s hand!
It was then that those guys from the Watanabe clan saw clearly that the katana had not managed to pierce into Chen Ping’s abdomen.
It didn’t even leave a little wound!
The strength of Chen Ping’s fleshly body, who had been promoted to Martial Saint, was not something that could be broken by anyone.
Poof …………
At this instant, everyone in the Watanabe clan knelt down to the ground, even that unbeatable Watanabe Yifu trembled to the ground!
They were all begging for Chen Ping’s forgiveness, praying that Chen Ping could spare them!
Looking at the Watanabe family members who were kneeling to the ground, there was not a single ounce of pity in Chen Ping’s eyes!
“Watanabe Fumio ……”
Chen Ping shouted!
Watanabe Fumio slowly got up and walked over towards Chen Ping!
“Watanabe family’s matter, you solve it yourself ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping put away his Dragon Chopping Sword and took a few steps backwards!
Seeing this, Watanabe Fumio directly picked up a katana from the ground and slowly walked towards those Watanabe Clan clansmen who were kneeling on the ground!
Watanabe Fumio’s eyes were filled with a complicated look!
“Fumio, what are you going to do? I am your grandfather ……”
Watanabe Kazuo trembled as he shouted at Watanabe Fumio.
Everyone else in the Watanabe clan started to follow Watanabe Fumio and play the emotion card, hoping that Watanabe Fumio would leave them alone!
Watanabe Fumio was holding his katana, his heart was very torn and in pain!
If Chen Ping had killed these people with his own hands, Watanabe Fumio would not have felt too much.
But if he had to do it himself, Fumio Watanabe was torn!
Watanabe Fumio slowly turned his head to look at Chen Ping.
He hoped that he could get an answer from Chen Ping.
At this point, whether Chen Ping told him to do it or to let them go, Watanabe Fumio would not hesitate to listen!
But who knew that Chen Ping did not give Watanabe Fumio any instructions!
Instead, he turned around and walked towards the way he came!
Whether Watanabe Fumio would make a move or not, Chen Ping would not care!
But if Watanabe Fumio had let these people go with a soft hand, then Chen Ping would not hesitate to kill him.
Because Chen Ping had told that Chishima Chuan that these people from the Watanabe family must die.
At this moment, Chen Ping was merely giving Watanabe Fumio a test.
“Ah …………”
Not long after Chen Ping had turned around, a loud scream came from behind him!
Watanabe Fumio’s eyes were red, as if he had fallen into a frenzy, and he kept hacking away at his own clan members!