Therefore, many devil cultivators had run to the Heavenly Demon Mountain to survive, which in an invisible way, began to squeeze the survival space of the Heavenly Demon Sect!
Especially in the recent centuries, the outer area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain was occupied by the major demonic clans and human families, and formed a certain alliance, which made the resources of the Heavenly Demon Sect begin to be even more scarce, coupled with the fact that the clan techniques were intensively thrown into the mountain caves where they could not be retrieved, which caused the Heavenly Demon Sect to fall into a huge crisis!
In the long run, the Heavenly Demon Sect would slowly disappear, and in the future, the entire Celestial Realm was afraid that there wouldn’t be a Heavenly Demon Sect in the entire Celestial Realm!
“Ai, could it be that this is the will of the heavens, the heavens want to destroy my Heavenly Demon Sect?”
At the entrance of the cave, the Heavenly Demon Sect’s master Zeng Nian’an looked up to the sky and roared!
In front of Zeng Nian’an, there were more than ten people lying around, all of these were Heavenly Demon Sect disciples, who had entered the mountain cave to take the gong method intensively!
But how many of them went in and ended up being knocked out, one by one seriously injured!
Zeng Nian An didn’t know how many disciples he had sent to try, but the results were all the same!
The experts that used to come from all over the world also ended up being knocked straight out.
“Sect master, give up, our disciples within the sect are all injured now, we can’t try anymore ……”
An elder walked over and advised Zeng Nian’an!
Zeng Nian An’s eyes were filled with melancholy, and two lines of clear tears slowly flowed out!
“I’m sorry for Lie Zu Lie Zong, I’m sorry for my Heavenly Demon Sect’s ancestors ah, our Heavenly Demon Sect has lasted for thousands of years, I didn’t expect it to be destroyed in my hands.”
“You said why was I stupid at that time, I had to make a move on that high person? If I had given him a Heavenly Demon Stone at that time, it wouldn’t have been like this.”
“Today I’m going to personally retrieve the gongfu intensive, and if I can’t succeed, then let me thank you with my death ……”
After Zeng Nian An finished speaking, he was about to rush into that mountain cave!
“Sect master, don’t do anything stupid, if you have an accident, our Heavenly Demon Sect will really be finished ……”
The Elder held Zeng Nian’an in his death grip and persuaded him loudly!
The other Heavenly Demon Sect disciples also ran over, then pulled Zeng Nian An back into the sect hall!
“Sect Master, there are two people coming outside, saying that they are here to help us get back our gongfu densities.”
At this time, a Heavenly Demon Sect disciple came forward and reported!
Zeng Nian An didn’t say anything, closing his eyes slightly, because for these half a year now, from time to time, people would come to the Heavenly Demon Sect to challenge to get back the Merit Law Intensive, but all of them ended in failure!
So the current Zeng Nian An had long since failed to report any hope!
“This kind of small matter, still report what ah, directly take them to the cave, tell them life and death by fate, and our Heavenly Demon Sect has nothing to do with it!”
The elder said with a wave of his hand!
Now that Zeng Nian An was in a bad mood, there was no need to bother with this kind of small matter!
“As you wish!” That Heavenly Demon Sect disciple turned around and left!
And at this moment, outside the Heavenly Demon Sect’s main gate, Qi Peijia followed by Ning Zhi was waiting for the report!
Soon, that Heavenly Demon Sect disciple returned and said to the two of them “You guys come with me ……”
Qi Peijia and Ning Zhi followed the Heavenly Demon Sect disciple towards the mountain cave!
“Our Heavenly Demon Sect’s technique intensive is in this mountain cave, you guys can go in and try it out, but any problems that occur have nothing to do with our Heavenly Demon Sect!”
That Heavenly Demon Sect disciple said!
Qi Peijia and Ning Zhi looked at the black cave in front of them, then carefully surveyed it!
Ning Zhi even exuded his divine sense, wanting to explore the situation within the mountain cave, only that just as the divine sense reached the entrance of the cave, it seemed to be blocked by a force!
“Looks like there’s some stuff in this cave, I’ll go in and take a look, you wait outside ……”
Ning Zhi spoke to Qi Peijia, and then entered the mountain cave!
With a flash of light, Ning Zhi’s figure disappeared into the mountain cave, and even a trace of his voice could no longer be heard!