“Uh …………”
Seeing Chen Ping shake his head no so quickly, Su Wenzong froze for a moment, but quickly smiled slightly and said, “That’s fine, this girl Yu Qi may not be a girl, but she is still very good at running a company and doing business, so it’s fine with her!”
After Su Wenzong said that, he left!
Chen Ping looked at Su Wenzong’s back and smiled helplessly, he could understand what Su Wenzong was thinking!
After all, he only had one daughter, Su Yuqi, and in the future, the family business would be handed over to Su Yuqi, if he followed Su Yuqi, there would always be someone to support the family business, but Chen Ping really didn’t like business!
Soon, everyone was ready to leave and say goodbye to each other!
But at that moment, the door of the banquet was suddenly pushed open, and dozens of people burst in, all armed with weapons, the leader of which had a fierce face and a vague aura, a master at first glance!
Seeing these people suddenly barge in, everyone present was shocked, and that Gu Mantian’s face was cold, and his bodyguard Tang Long directly drew a half-foot long machete from his waist to protect Gu Mantian’s body!
“Security, where’s the security?”
Su Wenzong saw someone rushing in and shouted loudly, but not a single security guard came in!
“Mr Su, no need to shout, none of your security guards can get in!”
The visitor said coldly.
“Feng Sihai, what are you trying to do by suddenly barging in with people, you know this is a banquet prepared by ancient times!”
Su Wenzong questioned loudly.
It turned out that these people were all members of the Red Dragon Gang, and this leader was the gang leader Feng Sihai!
Feng Sihai quickly walked up to Gu Wentian and bowed, “Ancient, I have no intention to disturb, I just came to find Lin Tianhu!”
At this moment, Lin Tianhu had already clenched his fists, from the moment Feng Sihai entered the door, he knew he was here to find him!
The Juyi Hall and the Red Dragon Gang were sworn enemies, and the two were also deadly rivals, only that neither could do anything to the other for the time being.
Usually when Lin Tianhu attended a party, he would bring many of his men with him, but this time with the Gu Wentian situation, Lin Tianhu was a bit careless and didn’t bring his men, and another reason was that there was Chen Ping around, so Lin Tianhu was at ease!
This Feng Sihai must have gotten the news and this is why he brought his men over, as long as he killed Lin Tianhu, the Gathering Hall would have no head and would soon be swallowed up by the Red Dragon Gang.
“I don’t care who you are looking for, but is my banquet also something you can just barge into?”
Gu asked with a face full of cold intent.
“Ancient, as I said, I was only looking for Lin Tianhu to settle a score, and I had no choice but to barge in!
Feng Sihai said in a respectful tone.
“b*****d!” Gu Wentian slammed the table, “Are you trying to go against me now?”
“Ancient, I don’t want to go against you, but I don’t want to let Lin Tianhu go either, this kind of opportunity is once in a lifetime, besides Ancient, for such an important banquet, only Lin Tianhu was invited, but not me, Feng Sihai, this is obviously not looking down on my Red Dragon Gang?”
Feng Sihai said without being condescending, obviously upset that Gu Wentian had not invited him!
The reason why Gu Mantian didn’t invite Feng Sihai at that time was because the feud between him and Lin Tianhu was too deep and it was not convenient for him to come!
“Feng Sihai, are you …………”
When Gu Wentian saw that this Feng Sihai was not giving face, he was furious and his face turned red.
But before he could finish his sentence, that Lin Tianhu stood out, “A great man is a man of honor, since you are coming at me, then let’s compete!”
After Lin Tianhu finished speaking, he directly set up his stance, ready to deal with Feng Sihai’s attack!
“You have guts, then today I will get you killed, before taking your Gathering Hall into my pocket!”
Feng Sihai said, charging towards Lin Tianhu with big steps.