In about a quarter of an hour, Chen Wenliang returned with his men, and although he did bring back some immortal herbs, they were not enough to heal the dozen or so pharmacists!
“If we can save a few, let’s count them as a few, the others can only listen to God’s will!”
Chen Wenliang said helplessly!
“These immortal herbs are enough!”Chen Ping said after taking a look!
“These are enough?”Chen Wenliang said with some surprise!
“I’m afraid that it would be difficult to refine a dozen or so pills with these immortal herbs, right? Unless every single one of them is a perfect elixir and there can’t be the slightest failure.”
A pill master said!
After all, pill masters refining pills had a certain chance of failure, and the pills that were refined weren’t very perfect, with different grades!
So often, to refine a single elixir, one needed to prepare several elixirs of immortal herbs, and then rely on the number of immortal herbs to make up for the low grade of the elixir!
For the same kind of elixir, a low grade would need to take five to recover, while for a high grade, or even a perfect grade elixir, one would do!
Only this kind of perfect grade pills could not be made by anyone.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but directly took out the Shen Nong Ding!
At this time now, Chen Ping did not need to guard against anyone!
Moreover, after this incident, he also believed that these people would not hit on his Divine Nong Ding!
When they saw Chen Ping’s Divine Farmer’s Tripod, everyone gasped!
One by one, they froze on the spot, their faces full of incredulity!
They were all medicine masters and were more than familiar with this kind of medicine cauldron!
The Shennong Ding that Chen Ping had taken out, they could clearly sense that it was an ancient medicine cauldron!
Although they did not know that the medicine cauldron was the Shennong Cauldron, it was definitely not a mortal object!
Chen Ping threw the immortal herbs that Chen Wenliang and the others had picked into the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron!
Along with an ethereal flame burning inside the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron, a strong aroma came to the nose!
In about an incense stick of time, the flames within the divine Agricultural Tripod extinguished!
Chen Ping took out a dozen pills from within the Divine Nong Ding!
Each one was very full and had a dazzling lustre!
“A perfect grade elixir, it’s really a perfect grade ……”
When the crowd saw the pills that Chen Ping had refined, they were all excited!
“President Chen, give these pills to those injured pharmacists!”
Chen Ping gave the pills to Chen Wenliang and then put away the Shennong Tripod!
“Good!”Chen Wenliang nodded!
After giving the pills to those injured pill masters, it was obvious that these people all looked much better!
Only, it was impossible for these people to be following along on the mountain!
If they were to encounter any danger, they simply wouldn’t be able to hold on!
Therefore, these people could only stay where they were, or wait until they had fully recovered and go down the mountain in pairs!
After explaining everything, Chen Ping followed Chen Wenliang as they continued towards the top of the mountain!
However, after the crowd had travelled some distance, they unexpectedly discovered that the Pill Cauldron Mountain in front of them had turned translucent!
A stone step appeared in front of everyone’s eyes, it looked like in order to climb to the top of the mountain, one could only take this stone step, the rest of the place was all translucent, no one dared to take a step forward!
“It seems like this should be the final test, if we can climb up this stone step, we will be able to discover the Medicine God’s inheritance.”
Chen Wenliang said as he looked at the stone step!
“Not bad, but this is also surely the hardest, we should still try it first, if the pill masters with lower strength, it is better not to go up this stone step.”
Chen Ping said as he carefully looked at that stone step!
“Let’s go, the two of us will go up and try first, if there is no danger, then let the others go up!”
Chen Wenliang took the initiative to call Chen Ping to walk up the stone steps together!
Right now it was Chen Wenliang who had the highest strength, and although Chen Ping’s realm was not the highest, his strength was also unrivalled!
“Good!”Chen Ping nodded!