The crowd looked at the barrier in front of them, all of them were silent, the barrier didn’t move at all when Old Sun of the eighth grade of the Combined Body realm punched down, this was too outrageous!
“You guys get out of the way, I’ll do it ……”
Ning Cai Chen spoke up.
After all, he was the strongest here, a ninth ranked cultivator of the Combined Body realm, and in the event that he couldn’t open the barrier, then there was nothing anyone could do!
Only to see Ning Cai Chen draw out a long sword, his entire body rising up as he slashed out a sword mane in an instant!
The sword mane was as powerful as a rainbow, tearing through the void and fiercely shooting towards that barrier!
But just as the sword mane struck the barrier, it suddenly disappeared!
“Huh?”
Ning Cai Chen froze, staring blankly, not understanding how the sword mane that he had just struck with such vigour had disappeared.
But the next moment, the barrier began to shake and shimmer!
“Quickly dodge, all of you dodge ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping shouted out a warning!
Soon, a ray of light shot out from within that barrier, fortunately the crowd had been warned by Chen Ping and dodged quickly, and were not injured by this ray of light!
“What kind of formation is this, that it is so powerful?”
Ning Cai Chen was filled with incomprehension as he fought to strike to no avail!
They were trapped here, with the formation in front of them and the old demon approaching behind them!
“Damn it, since we can’t escape, let’s fight, we’re all going to die anyway, why hold back so much.”
Old Kong shouted in anger!
He didn’t want to just die a little in despair, that kind of death was too unbearable!
“Yes, let’s fight, maybe we have a chance to live if we fight for our lives.”
“It’s all or nothing, why cower in fear!”
Many people were going crazy, shouting for their lives!
Gao Qisheng was also infected by the crowd and said with righteous indignation “Let’s fight, who will go with my Gao family to kill this old devil?”
“Now he’s just a wisp of a soul, as long as we work together, we won’t necessarily be unable to defeat him.”
Gao Qisheng raised his arms and many people responded!
“Well, in this area, each of us is no match for that old devil, and besides, there are still a few of those Five Elements Heavenly Furies.”
“It’s not time for certain death yet, don’t panic everyone ……”
Chen Ping advised to the crowd!
“Mr. Chen, do you have a way to unlock this formation?”
Ji Yun asked happily!
“I’m not sure, but I can try, only I need time!”
Chen Ping spoke!
“We’ll protect you and give you time ……”
Ning Cai Chen understood Chen Ping’s meaning and hurriedly spoke!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
Then the whole person slowly walked to the barrier, one hand gently touched that barrier, slightly closed his eyes and began to look for the eyes of its formation to come!
The old man’s face showed a touch of mockery when he saw Chen Ping actually looking towards breaking his own formation!
“This formation of mine has been set up for a thousand years without anyone ever breaking it, and you, a little cultivator, still want to break it, what a joke!”
The old man laughed coldly, then looked at the Five Elemental Heavenly Furies “You few have had your chance to perform, now kill them all for me, and you few will live ……”
The Five Elemental Heavenly Furies nodded when they heard this!
Ning Cai Chen, with all the cultivators, was definitely no match for the Five Elemental Heavenly Furies when they faced each other!
If they added Chen Ping, they might not know who would lose and who would win!
But now that Chen Ping had broken the formation, there was no way he could help, so they could only hold back the Five Elemental Heavenly Demons!
“Master Ning, I’m really sorry, none of you will be able to get out alive, otherwise wouldn’t the secret of our Demon Sealing Alliance have to get out.”
The Golden Furies said with a cold smile!
“Hmph, you guys are aiding and abetting the enemy, sooner or later you will be put to death by the people ……”
Ning Cai Chen snorted coldly!