Qin Xiaotian old tears, although Qin Gang did not learn, Qin Xiaotian also angry half dead, but that is after all his own son, now dead, how can he not sad.
“You go and dig Chen Ping out for me and twist his head off ……”
Qin Xiaotian ordered to Da Gangong.
Da Kong walked towards the crumbling mountain rocks, ready to dig Chen Ping out from inside the pile of rubble.
But just before he reached the pile of rubble, Da Gangang froze, only to see the pile of rubble start to move, followed by Chen Ping rushing up from that rubble, and in Chen Ping’s hand he was also holding a large stone that was hundreds of pounds.
“I’ll f*cking smash you to death …………”
Chen Ping was in mid-air, and after a furious shout, the hundreds of pounds of boulder fell from the sky and smashed itself towards the head of that great vajra.
This sudden turn of events caused everyone to be startled, all looking at Chen Ping incredulously.
Rumble …………
With a loud, earth-shattering sound, the hundreds of pounds of boulder smashed into the head of the great vajra, and the boulder became shattered, but that great vajra was still standing, just shaking the broken stones from his body, not injured at all.
“Hahahaha, you are too naive, a broken stone, do you want to hurt my Four Great Vajra too?” Qin Xiaotian laughed out loud, “You brat has a hard life, it’s just as well you’re not dead, I’ll make you suffer before you die ……”
“If one stone doesn’t work, then let’s replace it with another one ……”
Chen Ping casually had grabbed a huge stone, only this one was much smaller.
With his Heart Condensation Skill running, Chen Ping injected his spiritual energy into the stone, making it as hard as steel as well.
“I’ll kill you ……”
The great vajra roared in anger and slammed directly towards Chen Ping as if he was a frenzied brute.
Without weapons, he was using his body as a weapon, without any moves, just using his destructive strength and that hundred-refined vajra body, he rammed hard towards Chen Ping.
Looking at the charging Vajra, the stone in Chen Ping’s hand was swiftly thrown out and smashed hard on top of that Vajra’s chest.
“Boom …………”
There was another loud sound, and the stone turned into powder again, only this time, the body of the Vajra gave a lurch, and its forward charge came to a hard halt.
Looking at the front of the vajra’s chest, there was already a sunken piece, obviously the ribs had been broken, but at this moment the vajra could not feel the pain.
When he saw that Chen Ping had injured the Vajra, Qin Xiaotian’s expression became incomparably surprised. Although it was not fatal, being able to break the Vajra’s body, Chen Ping’s strength was indeed not bad.
“All four of you together ……”
Seeing this, Qin Xiaotian hastily ordered loudly.
The four men, pushing straight at Chen Ping, surrounded him in the middle of the room, one glaring angrily at Chen Ping.
Facing the four men, Chen Ping felt the pressure, not to mention the high strength of these four men, but they were also all puppets in general, not knowing fear or pain at all, which gave Chen Ping a bit of a headache.
Apart from killing the Four Vajra, otherwise without Qin Xiaotian’s order, these four guys would not stop until they were dead, knowing that the Four Vajra were Grand Masters in strength and had developed a bronze sinew and iron bone, which was even more difficult to deal with.
After surrounding Chen Ping, the Four Great Vajra threw punches at Chen Ping at the same time, their huge fists, like cannonballs, carried endless power.
Even though Chen Ping was running his Heart Condensation Technique to the limit, and the spiritual energy inside his body was swarming out, one against four was still a great struggle for him.
Boom!
Suddenly, Chen Ping received a punch to his back, and although his body was not injured, the huge impact still caused Chen Ping to stagger and almost fall to the ground.