Although there was no way for Chen Ping to fight back after encountering someone intercepting him, he still had no problem walking!
“Your brat has indeed grown, being able to decimate so many people despite being poisoned on your body.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord complimented Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did wipe the blood from the corners of his mouth and let out a miserable smile, “All of these people were poisoned as well, and although they were taking antidote pills, there were still toxins that got on their bodies!”
“These toxins are causing the strength of these people to weaken, they just don’t notice it.”
“Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to behead these people so easily!”
Chen Ping had that pill at that time, sheltering his body from being poisoned at all, and at that time, Diao Changmin and the others began to have their bodies invaded by the toxins!
In addition to Chen Ping’s special body, even if he was poisoned, the toxins spread very slowly!
This made Diao Changmin and the others take antidote pills, but the toxin still spread, and their strength continued to decline!
In that case, Chen Ping was considered to have taken advantage of the situation, and was able to get under the opponent’s complacency and then quickly decapitate these people!
“Alright, you’d better leave this mist quickly, I don’t want to see you poisoned to death here!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping laughed, then using the Dragon Slashing Sword as a crutch, he began to walk forward step by step!
“Chen Ping …………”
Just after Chen Ping had taken two steps, Ruyan Liu suddenly shouted!
At this moment, Ruyan Liu and the others darted towards Chen Ping!
Seeing Chen Ping’s haggard appearance, Ruyan Liu knew that Chen Ping must have been lightly poisoned!
So she hurriedly gave Chen Ping the elixir in her hand!
While holding the elixir in his hand, the toxins in Chen Ping’s body were being rapidly absorbed by the elixir!
Chen Ping’s face and strength were also recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye!
As for the siblings Nie Lei and Nie Hong, who were following behind Liu Ruyan, when they saw the corpses around them, as well as the head of Diao Changmin, which had already been chopped off, the whole of them were dumbfounded!
The two people froze on the spot and did not speak for half a day!
They did not expect that Chen Ping had killed everyone in the Diao family by himself, and even Diao Changmin had been beheaded!
One must know that Diao Changmin was a Mahayana realm expert!
How could this happen?
And that Nie Heng looked at the charred corpses all over the ground and asked Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, who are these people? Did they come against you?”
“These are all people from the Diao Family of Yongle City, they want my Shennong Tripod, and they also want to trade me for a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“It’s a pity that their strength was not up to par, all of them were killed by me!”
Chen Ping said lightly!
“It’s really strange, why is there always someone who can accurately find us?”
Ruyan Liu frowned slightly, she also felt that something was wrong!
This Pill Cauldron Mountain was immense, even if one wanted to deliberately look for someone, it would be very difficult, yet they had been found three times over!
Hearing Ruyan Liu’s words, siblings Nie Lei and Nie Hong looked at each other with fear in their eyes!
Chen Ping didn’t even put Mahayana realm cultivators in his eyes, and with this strength, the two of them were not even ants in front of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping glanced at the two siblings, who hurriedly lowered their heads, not daring to look at Chen Ping at all, and even more so, not daring to follow Chen Ping’s gaze!
“Why are we always found, that’s something we have to ask these siblings!”
Chen Ping walked towards Nie Lei and Nie Hong!
“The two of them?”
Ruyan Liu’s face was filled with confusion!
While Nie Heng frowned and said, “Mr Chen, could it be that these two siblings secretly leaked our whereabouts?”
As soon as Nie Lei and Nie Hong heard this, they immediately panicked.
“Fellow Daoist Chen, don’t joke, how could we possibly leak our whereabouts, besides we’ve always been together.”
Nie Lei hurriedly squeezed out a smile and said!
“Right, we would never do such a thing, if you think we’re cumbersome, just say so directly, why wrong us!”
As soon as Nie Hong opened his mouth, another moral hat was snapped on!