“This, what is this thing?”
The hunchbacked old man looked at the Demon Drawing Whip in Chen Ping’s hand with extreme fear within his heart!
This whip hadn’t even hit his body yet, that sound alone made his mind dizzy, if this hit his body, it could still be good!
“This is called the Demon Whip, specialising in hitting demonic cultivators, you’ll know what it’s like when you try it, it’s very refreshing!”
Chen Ping said, a whip on that hunchbacked old man, whip that hunchbacked old man wailed!
All the time, the hunchbacked old man was beaten to the point where his skin was cracked and he kept begging for mercy!
“Please, don’t fight, I was wrong, I was wrong!”
“Spare me, I’ll never be a dog for the Demon Sealing Alliance again, and I’ll never be after you!”
The hunchbacked old man couldn’t withstand the pain in his soul from the Demon Drawing Whip!
If it was just the pain in his physical body, he could endure it!
However, the Demon Drawing Whip specifically dealt with the demonic cultivator’s divine sense, and this kind of pain was not something that could be carried off by relying on one’s will!
Seeing the hunchbacked old man in that state, Chen Ping directly reached out and picked him up, and then chased after him in the direction that Patriarch Chen and the others had just gone!
Chen Ping didn’t kill the hunchbacked old man because he felt that this guy was still useful, perhaps he could exchange him for Patriarch Luo!
Chen Ping’s speed was very fast, and that hunchbacked old man’s eyes were shocked out of their sockets as he felt Chen Ping’s speed!
He now finally understood why the Demon Sealing Alliance had used a hundred years of offerings to chase Chen Ping!
This wasn’t a third grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, this was damn near more bullish than a ninth grade great cultivator of the Transition Realm!
Moreover, there was a divine weapon like the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand that restrained demonic cultivators.
The hunchbacked old man now regretted to death why he had taken this errand!
“Where are the rest of your Ghost Fiend Sect, can you sense them?”
Chen Ping asked the hunchbacked old man!
Although Chen Ping knew the general direction that Patriarch Luo had fled, but whether or not he would change direction in the middle, Chen Ping could not say!
That was why he wanted the hunchbacked old man to sense the location of his sect’s disciples!
As long as he found these people from the Ghost Fiend Sect, he would definitely find Patriarch Luo as well!
“I …… can’t sense it!”
The hunchbacked old man shook his head!
“You fart, then how will you contact and gather?”
Chen Ping slapped the hunchbacked old man on the head!
“I …… I really can’t sense it, we ……”
The hunchbacked old man still wanted to hide!
Chen Ping, however, was not listening anymore and directly drew the Demon Whip snapping a few lashes on that hunchbacked old man’s body!
The hunchbacked old man wailed and his entire person became hideous!
“If you don’t say it, I’ll whip until you say it!”
Chen Ping’s hand did not stop, snapping was the whip!
The hunchbacked old man was about to cry, grinning “I say, I say ……”
Seeing that the hunchbacked old man had gone soft, Chen Ping only stopped!
“I will now ask where my big brother is.”
The hunchbacked old man pulled out the voice transmission jade slip from his pocket and carefully punched in a spiritual energy!
It was evident that the hunchbacked old man saw this voice transmission jade slip as very important!
Right after the sound transmission jade slip was put into the spiritual power, a low voice came from the opposite side, “Lao Er, you’re f*cking crazy, why did you suddenly use the sound transmission jade slip, did you encounter any emergency?”
You should know that although the sound transmission jade slip is ordinary, it is also a valuable thing, without urgent matters, it will not be used casually!
The hunchbacked old man looked at Chen Ping, before he spoke “Big brother, I have destroyed all the people from the five big clans, now where are you, I will go to find you, has that surnamed Luo been captured yet?”
“No, this kid even ran to the crack here, in desperately running towards the border of the chaos land, presumably want to enter the chaos land, also not let us catch!”
The black-robed man cursed and said!
“I understand, I’ll be right there!”
The hunchbacked old man put away the voice transmission jade slip!
Glancing at Chen Ping, he said “You know the location, can you release me?”
“Release you? You think so beautifully!”
Chen Ping snorted coldly and carried the hunchbacked old man towards the crack!