But after waiting for a while, the sword puppet did not appear, so Chen Ping reached out and tried to pull out the long sword!
But just as Chen Ping got close to the sword, a light flashed, followed by the appearance of another old man.
And after this old man appeared, he reached out and pulled out the long sword from the boulder!
Terrifying sword qi instantly erupted, like a storm, and ruthlessly impacted Chen Ping.
So fast ……
Chen Ping couldn’t react in time, his eyes narrowed slightly, and he was instantly smashed heavily by that burst of sword qi!
A wound appeared on his body and blood flowed out!
The Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was greedily absorbing the sword qi, but Chen Ping found that no matter how much his Dragon Slashing Sword absorbed the sword qi, the sword qi emanating from the longsword did not decrease in the slightest!
“Demon God Chopper ……”
The old man suddenly swung his sword out towards Chen Ping!
Boulders, branches and leaves flew across the sky like the end of the world!
“Could this be the Demon Sword?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised.
He wondered who the old man using this magic sword really was?
As the old man swung his sword, a sudden roar came out, only to see a black mist filling out from within that long sword and transforming into a human form!
The man was seen wearing a black cloak and emitting a gory and terrifying aura.
And the old man wielding the sword spurted out a mouthful of blood, and his whole body instantly aged, leaning on a rock!
“What are you?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards the man in the black cloak.
Only to see the man slowly remove his cloak, revealing a pale old face!
When he saw this person’s face, Chen Ping gave a shock.
Because this man, following the old man who had just wielded the sword, looked exactly the same, not even close!
“It’s been a long time since I’ve tasted human blood ……”
With that, the man lunged directly towards Chen Ping!
“Nine Shadows Divine Sword ……”
Chen Ping bellowed, followed by a leap, the Zenglong Sword in his hand instantly emitting a green aura!
A large amount of divine dragon power gathered on the Zenglong Sword, before exploding out!
A stream of green mangles intertwined, then headed towards the guy in the cloak!
Rumble …………
The sound of explosions was incessant!
The entire land of the sword mound continuously began to tremble and trees flew across the ground!
But when the sword mane disappeared, Chen Ping found that the guy in the cloak had disappeared!
But just as Chen Ping was feeling puzzled, a black shadow suddenly descended from mid-air!
Chen Ping was shocked and was about to swing his sword to block it, but the opponent was too fast and was directly struck by his fist, followed by his whole body flying backwards.
“What great strength ……”
Chen Ping got up, wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and his Unbreakable Golden Body began to work again.
Only to see Chen Ping’s entire body covered by a golden scale, followed by a golden light rising up to the sky!
A golden dragon began to hover above Chen Ping’s head!
Seeing this demonic ape of Chen Ping, the old man with the sword actually had a little surprise in his eyes!
But the guy in the black cloak frowned slightly, and then roared out and attacked towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping also followed with a furious shout, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly came out, and the golden dragon also surrounded the Dragon Cutting Sword, attacking the guy in the cloak together!
Swish ……
There was a flash of golden light, and the guy in the cloak had his arm severed by the sword!
Only the wound on the severed arm was smooth and no blood came out!
The guy in the cloak didn’t seem to care, he just took a look at his severed arm, then revealed a cold smile, followed by his entire body turning into a black mist, instantly entering into that long sword!
Soon, the longsword broke free directly from the old man’s hand and was suspended in mid-air, the killing aura on the sword ……