“Wind Realm Smoke, your disciple seems to have learned nothing but to pick up girls, how can you be a master?”
“I can’t believe you slapped a man from the secular world, it’s not him, but your Wind Moon Valley’s face!”
Han Fusheng said with a playful face!
Just now, Feng Wu Heng had molested Han Qing’er, which had long made Han Fusheng unhappy, and this was really the time to take out his anger!
Han Fusheng’s words made Wind Realm Smoke look bad, but he didn’t say anything.
“That Feng Wu Heng can’t be the only one capable of doing this, it should be even more exciting later ……”
Yu Qian said indifferently!
The crowd actually knew that Feng Wuhen still had real tricks he hadn’t brought out, the reason he had been slapped by Chen Ping was because he had been lightly defeated!
Chen Ping was from a secular realm, and Feng Wu Heng simply despised him, plus the fact that Chen Ping’s breath was only at the Third Realm of the Sub-Divine, which made Feng Wu Heng even more careless!
If it wasn’t for the fact that Chen Ping had struck the Dragon Tattoo Bell and had struck nine golden dragons with one hammer, I guess Feng Wu Heng wouldn’t even have followed Chen Ping to the bout, after all, following a person from the secular realm would be a loss of status!
“Just you guys wait and see ……”
Wind Realm Smoke’s eyes were slightly frozen with a gloomy face!
He also believed that his disciple would never be defeated by a fellow from the secular world!
At this moment, above the ring, Feng Wuxing was filled with rage as he looked at Chen Ping, just now Chen Ping’s slap had sort of knocked all his pride and face away!
He also didn’t expect that Chen Ping had some tricks up his sleeve to get in the middle!
“Kid, you’ve completely angered me, I want your life ……”
At this moment, Feng Wu Heng didn’t care about the rules or not, he hissed loudly and blatantly screamed to kill Chen Ping!
“You can kill me, depending on whether you have that ability, since I said I would beat the sh*t out of you, I will definitely do it, so you need to get ready to change your clothes.”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly with an expression of disdain, which made Feng Wu Heng even more furious!
“Don’t think that you can beat me by relying on fancy tricks, today I will show you how powerful I am ……”
As Feng Wu Heng finished speaking, the aura on his body began to violently pack the room, a wave of Qi rolled out and instantly swept towards the surroundings!
Chen Ping saw this, while a slight point, the body quickly retreated, to avoid its edge!
Feng Wuchen looked towards his father, and Feng Realm Smoke nodded towards Feng Wuchen, as if the two were communicating something!
Seeing his father nod, Feng Wuzhen seemed to have no more scruples!
He saw the longsword in his hand thrust into the centre of the ring, and the large mountain character in the centre of the ring began to shine with light!
The whole ring began to tremble violently, and suddenly the longsword seemed to be sent flying by something in an instant!
Immediately afterwards, a stream of black gas emerged from the place where the sword had penetrated, and this black gas began to envelop the ring, slowly coalescing!
At the sight of these black vapours, everyone was stunned, and many people’s eyes looked towards Feng Qi Yan, with a look of incomprehension and confusion in their eyes!
Only at this moment, Feng Qingshan did not look away, seemingly unable to see the gazes of the crowd, but instead, his eyes were fixed on the top of the ring!
A terrifying aura began to condense and climb, while those black gases gradually coalesced into human forms.
The six human forms condensed from the black mist were all holding long swords that had condensed in their hands, suspended in mid-air!
Seeing this scene, everyone drew in a cold breath!
“Remnant souls? A remnant soul of the Distraction Realm?”
Ge Cansheng looked at the human form that had coalesced above the ring, and his brows furrowed tightly!
“How could Wind Moon Valley have a remnant soul? How dare they seal the remnant soul in the ring, no wonder no one has been able to breach the ring in this Mountain Sect Secret Realm.”
Someone shouted with great dissatisfaction!