“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded, “I can suck the grievance Qi out of the dragon chair and just destroy these grievance dragons!”
When Gu Wentian heard this, he was overjoyed, “Then please do it, Mr. Chen!”
“Why should I help you? In your opinion, aren’t I just a liar?”
Chen Ping sneered!
When Gu Wentian heard this, he was filled with shame and said, “Mr. Chen, it is because I am a fool and did not know what was good or bad to offend Mr. Chen, I hope that Mr. Chen will not take it personally and will be able to save my life!”
Gu Wentian’s attitude was sincere, his face full of sincerity as he begged Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Lin Tianhu also turned to Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, Ancient has also offended without meaning to, I hope Mr. Chen will help Ancient, we will still need Ancient in the future!”
Lin Tianhu’s meaning was obvious, that is, the Gathering of Righteousness Hall was developing in Hongcheng, and there were still places where they could use Ancient Man Tian, Chen Ping was helping Ancient Man Tian now, and he was also helping Tian Long Hall itself!
“In the future, as long as Mr. Chen can be of use to me, I am obliged to ……”
Gu Wentian hurriedly stated his position!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then nodded his head and said, “I will help you destroy these grievous dragons!”
Saying that, Chen Ping walked to that dragon chair, one hand suddenly pressed on top of a dragon head, then a strange scene happened, only to see that the carved giant dragon, at this time, actually began to glow with a faint golden light, followed by a sound of dragon roar, listen to the sound is very miserable!
Lin Tianhu and Gu Wentian were both shocked to see that under the golden light, all nine dragons moved and rose up in the air, all nine dragons were emitting a black aura and were glaring at Chen Ping with a furious expression, as if Chen Ping had ruined their good deeds!
In an instant, the whole hall was enveloped in black Qi, and Lin Tianhu and Gu Wentian found it difficult to breathe.
The several hundred-year-old trees in the courtyard also seemed to sense something and began to move without wind, their leaves clattering into a ma*s!
Lin Tianhu and Gu Wentian stared in awe at the giant dragon for days!
Especially Gu Mantian, his whole body was already soaked through, this was the dragon chair he sat on every day, to think that there was such an evil thing inside, I felt scared just thinking about it!
“A few ragged dragons conjured up by grievances, how dare they spill the beans!”
Chen Ping looked indifferent as he saw his hands snap his fingers, and a golden light instantly entered the bodies of those huge dragons!
Another dragon roar rang out immediately afterwards, and the dragons disappeared, turning into a cloud of black gas that came towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping opened his mouth and sucked all the black Qi into his stomach!
In an instant, calm was restored inside the hall!
“The Heart Condensation Technique taught by the old leader is really good, it can even refine grievance Qi!”
Chen Ping’s heart was overjoyed!
Apart from refining spiritual qi, this Heart Condensation Skill could also refine grievance qi and anger qi and turn them into his own strength!
Just now, when these grievances went down, Chen Ping could feel that his strength had increased quite a lot!
After a while, Gu Man-gen came out of his shock and hurriedly bowed towards Chen Ping, “Thank you, Mr. Chen, for saving my life, I won’t forget it!”
“No need to be polite, you and I are just asking for what we need!”
Chen Ping waved his hand!
If this grievance was absorbed and refined, it would be more useful than if Chen Ping had cultivated for ten days and half a month!
Gu Wentian was slightly stunned, not understanding what Chen Ping meant, but he did not dare to ask, after all, for an immortal like Chen Ping, there were many things that ordinary people could not understand.
“Mr. Chen, then this dragon chair …………”
Gu Asked Tian looked towards the dragon chair and asked carefully.
“Now this dragon chair has become just an ordinary chair, except for satisfying your psyche, there is no other use, but instead, the few ancient trees inside the courtyard, you need to take good care of them, they are the root of your longevity and health!”
Chen Ping said as he looked at the few ancient trees outside.
It was a pity that such ancient trees could not be transplanted, otherwise Chen Ping would really want to get a few of them and go to the top of Pan Long Wan Mountain, the spiritual energy emitted from these ancient trees would be able to help him cultivate!