Just as Bone Cliff was complacent, waiting for the remnants of his soul to perish, a sudden cough pulled him back!
“Cough cough ……”
“Not too powerful, just too buried, I’m blackened.”
Only to see Chen Ping drilling out from a piece of scorched earth!
Chen Ping’s entire body was scorched black, as if it was burnt, but the Unbreakable Golden Body on his body was still intact, which meant that the strike just now did not even destroy Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body!
This was also due to the fact that when Chen Ping absorbed that Dragon Qi, the Unbreakable Golden Body was also strengthening!
Chen Ping stood up, swept the dirt from his body and stroked his hair.
“Damn, the hairstyle is all messed up for me ……”
Chen Ping provocatively tilted his head to look at Bone Cliff!
Bone Cliff looked at Chen Ping, unexpectedly unharmed, the whole person was going crazy, this was his desperate move, it was his intention to die together.
Now Chen Ping was unharmed, while he himself was going to perish ……
What is this called?
“Ah …… ah …………”
Bone Cliff shouted as if he had gone mad.
An ancient cultivator, driven mad by Chen Ping ……
“Chen is fine, he’s fine ……”
Ji Yun looked far away and realised that Chen Ping was not alright, he could not help but shout in excitement!
“Mr Chen’s achievements will certainly be unlimited in the future ……”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder said slowly!
So everyone looked at Chen Ping in shock, having survived under that terrifying attack!
And at this time, Chen Ping, looking at the bone cliff that had gone mad, smiled coldly and said “Come but don’t go is not a gift, since you burn me with fire, then I will also burn you ……”
Chen Ping said it, a ball of flame rose in his palm, followed by a wave, directly wrapping up Bone Cliff!
“Ah …………”
Bone Cliff roared miserably!
Even if it was a remnant soul, being scorched by this Supreme Fire was very painful!
Amidst the miserable roar, Bone Cliff’s remnant soul completely flew away in ashes, leaving no more traces in this world!r>
When Chen Ping killed Bone Cliff, the small island under his feet trembled, and then began to collapse into a sea of ink.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, leapt up and let out a long whistle from his mouth!
The subdued Sacred Turtle appeared instantly, allowing Chen Ping to land steadily on top of the turtle’s back!
Soon, the island sank, and not far away many heads slowly emerged!
These people were none other than Ye Fengqing and Zhou Tai who were comfortably absorbing spiritual energy down below!
Just now that blow, also let these people wake up, along with the island sinking, these people all swam up!
When they saw that the island had disappeared, they all panicked!
Moreover, the spirit ship had also gone out more than ten miles away, so they could only soak in the water!
Although these people are all cultivators, they can fly in the air, but unfortunately, the island has disappeared, this ink sea can not fly, they can only soak in the water, or swim to the spirit ship!
Only this time period if there was a fierce beast attack, then they would be lambs to the slaughter!
Chen Ping sat on top of the Sacred Turtle and smiled faintly when he saw these cultivators that had popped up!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, please help us out, can we sit on top of your sacred turtle?”
A cultivator asked loudly to Chen Ping!
“No problem, come up ……”
Chen Ping nodded.
Chen Ping’s Sacred Turtle was large enough that it was still no problem to sit on a person of eight!
One by one, those cultivators climbed towards the back of the Sacred Turtle!
That Ye Fengqing and Zhou Tai looked at each other and also stiffly climbed towards Chen Ping’s Sacred Turtle!
“Get off, who told you two to come up here?”
Chen Ping said to the two!
Ye Fengqing and Zhou Tai were stunned, then that Zhou Tai spoke “Chen Ping, don’t go too far, don’t forget, the tickets for you guys to get on the boat are still what I got for you.”
“That’s you fool, soaking yourself in the water, not allowed to climb up!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
This made that Zhou Tai so angry that he couldn’t wait to eat Chen Ping alive!