With just that one sentence, everyone was instantly scared into a cold sweat!
These people could indeed represent the entire island martial arts community, they were all leading martial artists, no matter in terms of power or strength, they were already unmatched in the island!
But now they were all going to be scared to death by a single word from Kuroki Kawasaki!
“Senior, we cannot escape the blame for the fall of the island martial arts world, but please do something to kill that Daxia boy and stabilize the hearts of the people of my island, and we will thank you in front of senior ……”
One of the guys at the head of the group hurriedly kowtowed and said.
They all knew that the island nation’s martial arts world had come to this point, making Kuroki Kawasaki very angry.
Someone had to be responsible for this before anything else!
“We are willing to give thanks, and we ask senior to do something to raise the prestige of our island ……”
The men shouted together!
Looking at the dozen people in front of him, Kuroki Kawasaki sighed.
“It’s just that, it’s just that ……”
“I’m just going to strike once, so don’t disturb my clearing in the future.”
Having said that, Kuroki Kawasaki’s body actually slowly floated up!
Immediately after that, in the place where he was sitting, it slowly opened up, a heat wave came, and the crowd saw that where Kuroki Kawasaki was sitting, below it was actually rolling lava!
At the sight of this, each one of them almost stomped their eyes out!
And in the middle of this lava, a katana was stuck in it!
Kuroki Kawasaki reached out and pulled out the katana!
The moment the katana was pulled out, everyone felt a chill go straight to their hearts!
Knowing that their minimum strength was now at the level of Great Martial Marquis, an aura that could instantly shake their hearts would be incomparably powerful.
And this was just emanating from a seemingly ordinary katana!
“You can go now, ask that Daxia man to come and meet me here in three days, as for the method to be used, that is your business, I am not going to walk out of here.”
Kuroki Kawasaki said.
“Understood ……”
The leader of the group rushed to nod his head!
It was good enough that Kuroki Kawasaki agreed to make a move, so they didn’t dare to ask for more!
The group walked out of the hut, but when they looked at the crater, they were in a bit of a quandary!
When they had come, it was steep, but there was still a certain slope and a place to land!
But now they wanted to go up, but there was no place to land, this was a crater over 100 metres deep!
With their strength, there was no way they could reach hundreds of metres in one leap!
At that moment, Kuroki Kawasaki slowly walked out of the hut and looked at the men with a slightly exasperated look!
He then pulled out his katana with a clang!
With a swipe of his hand, a blade of several feet long was instantly cut out!
With this casual slash, the pressure emanated from it made the dozen men feel like they were having trouble breathing!
The blade headed for the crater wall and instantly struck it!
Rumble …………
There was a loud sound, followed by a splash of rocks!
Soon a diagonal pa*sage appeared, leading straight to the top of the crater!
At this, everyone looked on in awe, each one breathing heavily!
This was a wall of rock hundreds of metres high, and the crater walls had been washed by lava and were incredibly hard!
But Kuroki Kawasaki’s sword had cut a pa*sage through it ……
At this moment, everyone was excited, as long as a strong man like Kuroki Kawasaki existed in the island, no one would be able to shake the island’s martial arts community.
After kneeling and worshipping Kuroki Kawasaki, the group of people left down the pa*sage!
And the news that Kuroki Kawasaki was going to strike spread instantly throughout the entire island nation!
The whole island’s martial arts community cheered, knowing that Kuroki Kawasaki was a legendary figure in the island’s martial arts community!
The top bra*s of the island also felt relieved after hearing that Kuroki Kawasaki was going to strike, because they knew that as long as Kuroki Kawasaki struck, Chen Ping would definitely not survive.