Xing Jun took the letter, his face full of confusion, but he nodded and said, “As ordered ……”
Mr Shi waved his hand, and Xing Jun turned and left!
And Mr Shi looked up at the starry sky and muttered, “The real battle has probably just begun …………”
At the same time, in the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect, the great power was also standing outside his house, looking at the stars that were roaming the sky!
And beside the great power, eight miniature versions of the statues were right next to each other, four of which were emitting a faint glow!
If Chen Ping were here he could surely see that these statues actually followed the exact same ones inside the Endless Cave!
“No one can stand in my way, no one …………”
The great power glanced at the glowing few statues and slowly spoke!
Just then, the Demon Envoy ran in in a panic!
“Great Power, it’s not good, that Chen Ping has escaped from the secret realm with three women and is now celebrating in a big way!”
The devil envoy reported anxiously!
But the great power’s unreadable face didn’t even have the slightest expression on it!
“They won’t be able to escape, even if they do, they will still come back, your task now is to go and look for people with special physiques!”
“Remember, you only have three months, if you can’t find another person with a special physique within three months, don’t come back!”
The great power said coldly.
“My subordinate understands!” The devil amba*sador nodded
…………
Dragon Gate!
The banquet was over and everyone left satisfied!
And the crowd all negotiated to generally leave room for Chen Ping and Su Yuqi as a duo!
Sitting on the roof of the building, Su Yuqi was nestled on Chen Ping’s shoulder!
The two of them were looking at the starry sky with happiness on their faces!
“Those girls were nice to you today, you’re really good with women ……”
Su Yuqi slowly spoke up and asked.
“All of them are just confidantes, the heaviest place in my heart is only you ……”
Chen Ping gently put his arm around Su Yuqi’s shoulders!
“Learned greasy mouth, so many beautiful women around, especially that Ji Ruxue, even women can’t hold back when they look at her.”
“Couldn’t you just hold back? You haven’t done anything together?”
Su Yuqi asked as she looked into Chen Ping’s eyes.
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with calmness as he shook his head slightly, “I haven’t done anything with them ……”
Looking at that look in Chen Ping’s eyes, Su Yuqi smiled slightly, she knew that what Chen Ping said was true!
“Actually, as long as you have me in your heart, I don’t care about what you guys have done ……”
Su Yuqi relied on Chen Ping’s shoulder.
“I said that I would not get married until I save my mother, and until I get married, I will not do anything of a man or woman.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Have you heard from your aunt?” Su Yuqi asked.
“En, it’s just that all this time I’ve been trying to find a way to save you, and now that I’ve saved you, I’m going to save my mother next!”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with determination, he was sure he would be able to save his mother!
“It’s all because I’ve dragged you down ……”
Su Yuqi felt a pang of guilt, if it wasn’t for her, Chen Ping’s mother might have been saved a long time ago!
“Fool, it has nothing to do with you!”
Chen Ping gently patted Su Yuqi’s head, then followed Su Yuqi as she recounted her energy during this time!
Su Yuqi leaned on Chen Ping’s shoulder, listening as her eyes slowly closed!
Chen Ping saw Su Yuqi closing her eyes, so he hugged her tighter, he was afraid Su Yuqi would be cold!
Unknowingly …………
A ray of sunlight from the sky illuminated the earth!
Chen Ping looked at the rising sun with a happy face, and then glanced at Su Yuqi who was asleep on his shoulder!
But when Chen Ping took this glance, he was instantly shocked!
He saw that Su Yuqi’s face was so pale that there was no trace of blood left!