Zhu Ling grabbed Chen Ping’s hand and walked very carefully, along with the opening of the array disc, the superimposed formation in front of Chen Ping and them was also slowly being opened up a gap!
Zhu Ling was extremely cautious at this moment, breaking the formation pattern little by little, heading towards the depths of the formation!
At this moment, Zhu Ling’s forehead was already covered in sweat, and her clothes were also soaked in sweat!
But even so, Zhu Ling still pulled Chen Ping, she was afraid that Chen Ping would accidentally touch the formation and something would happen!
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Ling in front of him, beads of sweat were dripping from her white cheeks, and her delicate curves were hidden because of the soaked clothes!
Just as Chen Ping was inadvertently admiring Zhu Ling’s body, Zhu Ling suddenly stopped!
And Chen Ping also detected an aura of danger at this moment!
Chen Ping withdrew his mind and looked towards the front, and found that the two killing formations were in front of him!
These two killing formations were obviously not laid by Elder Cui, so Elder Cui’s formation discs had no way of breaking these two killing formations!
Now they could only rely on Zhu Ling herself to break the formations!
“Senior brother, you mustn’t move, I’m going to break those two killing formations, if I ever have an accident, you run back immediately, don’t mind me!”
After Zhu Ling finished speaking, she even handed over the array disc in her hand to Chen Ping, it seemed that she was quite trusting of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping held the formation disc and was somewhat moved, “Senior sister, I believe in you, you can definitely do it!”
Zhu Ling nodded, in fact, she herself did not have much certainty, although she temporarily possessed the strength of an old Sect Master, but for this aspect of breaking formations, Zhu Ling had no experience at all!
Looking at Zhu Ling’s nervous appearance, Chen Ping then went forward and hugged Zhu Ling tightly!
“Senior sister, don’t be nervous, you have to believe in yourself!”
Chen Ping was not intentionally taking advantage of Zhu Ling, but the moment he hugged Zhu Ling, Chen Ping flexed his fingers and flicked!
A white light instantly disappeared into the killing formation!
Although this killing formation was very dangerous, but for Chen Ping, it was only at the level of a child playing house!
Chen Ping did not choose to directly break the killing formation, instead, he weakened the power of the killing formation and then allowed Zhu Ling to break the formation!
This way, Zhu Ling would not suspect anything, but would think that she was awesome and could break the killing formation!
Zhu Ling was hugged by Chen Ping, although she did not like men hugging her, but when Chen Ping hugged her, she surprisingly did not have a trace of aversion, on the contrary inwardly hoped that she could be hugged for a while longer!
“Elder sister, you go and break the formation, no matter if it is successful or not, I won’t run away, I want to merge and share with you!”
Chen Ping said with a firm face!
This touched Zhu Ling to the core, in the entire Purple Flame Sect, other than her father, no one had ever treated her like this!
Zhu Ling nodded, then took a deep breath and went to break that killing formation!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, leisurely and comfortably watched from the back, especially when he saw Zhu Ling’s nervous to the point of shivering, Chen Ping wanted to laugh!
“You kid, you don’t forget to pick up girls even when you’re studying your techniques.”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with a snicker!
“I didn’t, I was just trying to gain trust so that I could learn about the Supreme Fire Fusion!”
Chen Ping hurriedly denied!
“I shucks, your kid just hugged someone and reacted, and you still dare to say you didn’t?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said contemptuously!
Chen Ping was stunned, then smiled awkwardly!
After all, this Zhu Ling was indeed too beautiful, and her body and skin were even more top notch!
Especially when he saw this tender and smooth skin of Zhu Ling, Chen Ping could not help but think of Ji Ruxue!
They had been separated for several months, and they did not know how Ji Ruxue and the others were doing.
Just as Chen Ping was thinking wildly, Zhu Ling suddenly let out a shriek, pulling Chen Ping back to reality!
“Senior sister, what’s wrong with you?”
Chen Ping rushed over and nervously pulled Zhu Ling and asked!