“Doesn’t that Chen Ping have Mr. Shi backing him up behind him? How dare the Kyoto Martial Arts Union be so blatant this time?”
“Who knows? Maybe Mr. Shi doesn’t care about him anymore, so it’s hard for Chen Ping to escape.”
“Wait and see, the Kyoto Martial Alliance has released the news, I don’t think any clan or family will dare to take in Chen Ping!”
…………
The forum was constantly discussing Chen Ping, while at this time, Chen Ping had no idea at all.
After he escaped from Kyoto, he went all the way south, heading straight for the Red Lotus Palace.
But what Chen Ping didn’t know was that there was someone who was incredibly fast, running in the same direction as the Red Lotus Palace, and looked like he was arriving earlier than Chen Ping.
On his way, Chen Ping kept worrying about Su Yuqi. In this world where strength is paramount, Chen Ping always felt that his strength was growing too slowly.
Although in the eyes of others, Chen Ping’s growth rate was already unbelievable, Chen Ping himself was not satisfied.
Moreover, this time also made Chen Ping realize clearly that the martial arts world was unfathomable!
Whether it was a clan or a martial arts alliance, it seemed that behind these people or these families, there was an invisible hand that was controlling everything.
Chen Ping found a big tree to rest under, and looking at the vast sky in the sky, Chen Ping personally fell into an infinite reverie.
“If I really become an immortal, will I be able to go straight to the Heavenly Palace?”
But just as Chen Ping was thinking wildly, suddenly several powerful auras kept approaching towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping sensed them instantly and his face changed slightly.
The strength of these several auras were all above that of Martial Marquis, which made Chen Ping feel the pressure.
“These Martial Alliance guys, how did they find me so quickly?”
Chen Ping was filled with confusion, clearly he had fled so far away, how could the people from the Martial Dao Alliance still find him.
Without time to think about it, Chen Ping immediately got up and left quickly.
Not long after Chen Ping left, Zhu Zhishan led his men to chase after him right away.
Zhu Zhishan stood at the place where Chen Ping was resting, and his eyes looked towards the large tree that Chen Ping had just leaned on.
“Humph, this guy ran quite fast, today I will play a game of cat and mouse to catch him properly ……”
Zhu Zhishan coldly snorted, and then led his men to continue chasing in the direction Chen Ping had fled.
Chen Ping fought his way forward to escape, his mind constantly thinking about how these guys from the Martial Dao Alliance had found him.
If they had chased him by his scent, it was obviously impossible; Chen Ping had already fled so far away, how could his scent still be detected?
Just then, Chen Ping once again sensed those few strong breaths.
“So fast?”
Chen Ping frowned as his feet quickened their pace.
If the Qiankun Circle did not have restrictions on its use and could not be used frequently, Chen Ping would have used it to vanish again.
Zhu Zhishan and the others were chasing closely behind, not daring to let up in the slightest. Zhu Zhishan knew that this time it would be his death if Chen Ping did not die!
“D*mn, these people are too perverted, they have chased out so far, so still chasing it ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t figure out how this Martial Alliance seemed to not give up until they caught up with him this time.
Chen Ping concealed his aura so as not to be detected, and then spread his divine sense out in all directions, probing the surroundings for any danger.
Finding that there was no one in front of him, Chen Ping quickly changed direction, this time without his scent and with a change of rea*surance, Chen Ping did not believe that these people could still catch up with him.
Zhu Zhishan chased Chen Ping to the place where he had changed direction and suddenly stopped, followed by a slight frown, as if sensing something, but after a moment, Zhu Zhishan’s brow locked!
“D*mn it, this kid has hidden his breath ……”
Zhu Zhishan cursed, and could only pull out the tracking talisman again.