Seeing that Protector Gong had arrived, Elder Fei instantly had the courage to do the same!
“Give me on, make sure to kill that Chen Ping ……”
Elder Fei finished speaking, then leapt up and went straight towards Chen Ping, Elder Miao directly flipped his hand and appeared with a long sword, directly meeting the battle!
The others also swarmed up and mixed up the battle!
That Gong Guardian then looked towards Chen Ping and violently threw a handful of powder towards Chen Ping!
He knew that as long as he killed Chen Ping, it would be a great honour!
When Chen Ping saw this, he had a disdainful look on his face, and with a wave of the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand, the sword swept through, and the powder was instantly shaken away!
“Kid, I really didn’t expect you to have such a skill in refining medicines at such a young age, the antidote pills you made are indeed very good.”
“But if you have offended our Soulless Hall, then there is only one way to die!”
As Protector Gong said that, the long blade in his hand trembled slightly, and immediately after that, from within that long blade, wisps of black mist unexpectedly emerged!
These black mists drifted into mid-air, and finally coalesced into a poisonous snake, spitting out scarlet letters and coming towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at that Gong Guardian, and his face was filled with a look of disdain!
This guy was a pharmacist, and although his strength was not weak, he was still not able to enter Chen Ping’s eyes at all!
Chen Ping looked at the viper, his sword instantly chopped out, this sword chopped out hundreds and thousands of sword awns, the sword awns cut through the body of the viper, directly causing the viper to turn back into a cloud of black mist!
However, when Protector Gong saw this scene, he was not the slightest bit worried, instead, a cold smile appeared on his face!
Only to see that mass of black mist enveloping down from mid-air, directly surrounding Chen Ping!
“Hahaha, this Chilian Mountain Range cannot fly, but there is no way to restrict the poisonous mist, so this poisonous mist can take shape in mid-air, and can also launch attacks from mid-air.”
Protector Gong laughed out loud!
He had been in this Chilian Mountain Range for many years, so he was incomparably familiar with the Chilian Mountain Range and had also grasped some of the laws!
Chen Ping was wrapped in that poisonous mist, which seemed to be living creatures as it penetrated towards every inch of Chen Ping’s skin!
“This poisonous mist of yours is really good ……”
Chen Ping slowly spoke!
“Now you know the power of this poisonous mist of mine, but unfortunately it’s already too late, in less than three breaths you will definitely die.”
Protector Gong said confidently!
Chen Ping did not say anything, instead he operated the Heart Condensation Skill and his body began to refine those poisonous mists!
The Heart Condensing Skill could refine everything, what was this poisonous mist!
Protector Gong looked at the cloud of poisonous mist in front of him, his face was filled with joy, he was just waiting for Chen Ping to die, then he could deliver!
However, after a while, Protector Gong did not hear Chen Ping’s voice, but the thick poisonous fog, at this moment, even began to become thinner and thinner, and in the end, he could even see Chen Ping’s silhouette!
Chen Ping’s figure stood quietly, as if there was nothing poisoned!
Protector Gong curiously moved closer, wanting to see if Chen Ping had really been poisoned!
But just as he approached, he only saw a sword awn shoot out from the poisonous mist!
This time, Protector Gong was a bit caught off guard, the sword awn instantly cut across Protector Gong’s shoulder, only to see an arm chopped off in unison!
“What? You’re not even poisoned?”
Protector Gong was shocked as his body retreated backwards rapidly!
He did not expect Chen Ping to not be affected at all in this poisonous mist.
Protector Gong covered his wound with a shocked look in his eyes!
“With this crap poison of yours, it’s of no use to me whatsoever!”
Chen Ping opened his mouth violently in front of Protector Gong and unexpectedly inhaled all of the remaining poisonous mist into his body!
“You ………………”
Protector Gong froze, he did not understand that Chen Ping was just a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, even if he was a pharmacist, he could not be invulnerable to all poisons!
This poisonous mist that he had refined was extremely poisonous, and Chen Ping had dared to inhale it directly into his body!
This is simply too outrageous ……