“Chen Ping, you have to be careful, this guy isn’t just transiting the tribulation, he is trying to use the tribulation thunder to blast you to death ……”
The old Sect Master seemed to have seen Huo Dong’s attempt!
“Junior Brother, don’t hang around, this is not a joke, the Thunder Tribulation Cloud will attack you, hurry up and make a move to stop that Huo Dong.”
Zhu Ling also nervously reminded!
“Elder sister, don’t worry, he can attract the thunderbolt to enhance his cultivation, why can’t I?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Don’t be silly, even if you were to attract a thunderbolt to raise your cultivation right now, you would only be raising from the fourth rank of the Transitional Realm to the fifth rank of the Transitional Realm.”
“This kind of small realm elevation, whether or not you can attract a thunderbolt is not to be said, just how can a thunderbolt cloud at your cultivation level be compared to that Huo Dong.”
“He’s elevated to the Mahayana realm, it’s a large realm elevation, the lightning tribulation cloud must be very powerful.”
Zhu Ling said anxiously!
The higher the cultivation level, the more powerful the thunder tribulation would be when raising the cultivation level, this kind of common sense was known to a cultivator!
Chen Ping was only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, so how could the lightning tribulation cloud he had attracted possibly compare to that Huo Dong!
What’s more, Chen Ping also didn’t even look like he was about to undergo a tribulation at all, and there was no hint of an aura that he was about to ascend on his body at all!
“His elevation of one major realm might not be as good as my elevation of one minor realm ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Seeing that Chen Ping was still able to talk and laugh without any fear at all, Huo Dong’s face became incredibly ugly!
“Kid, you will know the power of the thunder tribulation when you wait a little while, now let you fool around first ……”
Huo Dong said coldly.
At this time, the thunder tribulation clouds had already covered the entire sky, surrounded by formations and light curtains blocking them, it was also simply impossible for Chen Ping to escape!
“I don’t know if the thunder tribulation is powerful or not, but I know that your thunder tribulation is definitely not powerful, after all, this strength of yours isn’t very good ……”
Chen Ping mocked Huo Dong.
Huo Dong, on the other hand, was red in the face as he accelerated the speed of the thunder tribulation!
The old Sect Master looked at the thickening thunder tribulation cloud, his brows knitted tightly together!
Although Chen Ping was acting very relaxed, he knew, however, that this Mahayana Realm’s Thunder Tribulation Cloud, that was not normally powerful!
The old Sect Master had personally experienced the Thunder Tribulation Cloud of the Mahayana Realm!
Moreover, in the Celestial Realm, half of the cultivators would die under this Thunder Tribulation Cloud of the Mahayana Realm, there was no way to carry it off!
So nowadays, many cultivators, when they reach the peak of the Transition Realm, would choose to use various magic treasures and artefacts as an opportunity to break through to the Mahayana Realm!
In that case, at the very least, there would be something that could help block the lightning tribulation for a bit, and if one were to directly raise their cultivation hard and break through to the Mahayana Realm, it would be very difficult to carry through even this lightning tribulation!
“Elder Cui, close the formation and let Chen Ping out, don’t follow that Huo Dongbi.”
The old Sect Master said to Elder Cui with a very ugly face!
The old Sect Master knew that Chen Ping would not be able to resist the Mahayana Realm’s lightning tribulation no matter what, and would definitely die under it!
That was why he had asked Elder Cui to shut down the formation so that Chen Ping would not compete!
As long as Chen Ping escaped from the range of the thunder tribulation cloud, he would not be attacked by the thunder tribulation!
After all, the main target of this Thunder Tribulation was that Huo Dong.
However, someone who appeared within the range of the Thunder Tribulation Cloud would also be attacked by the Thunder Tribulation!
Elder Cui nodded and was about to close the formation, allowing Chen Ping to come out!
However, Huo Yuan Ting saw this and instantly stepped in to stop Elder Cui, his expression cold as he said, “No one is allowed to move right now, if we let Chen Ping escape, then everyone will die.”
“You guys have to think about it, is it letting that Chen Ping die, or is it everyone following along.”
Huo Yuan Ting’s eyes were filled with a murderous aura, after all, the strength of the old Sect Master’s side was not enough to fight against his side right now, that was why he dared to be so reckless!
Seeing this, Elder Cui looked at the old Sect Master!