“If you were just pirates and hadn’t hurt anyone’s life, I would want to spare you, but you are evil cultivators who have brutally killed an unknown number of people, how do you think I can let you off?”
Chen Ping coldly looked at Batu and asked.
“Mr. Chen is wronged, we are not evil cultivators, we are just being chased by our enemies and have no choice but to come to this deserted island ……”
“I have never killed an ordinary person, please Mr. Chen let me go ……”
Batu began to cry out injustice.
“You say I have wronged you?” Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, and then said, “You come with me, I see that you are not going to shed a tear until you see the coffin ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly walked towards the southwest direction.
Batu followed behind with his men, and seeing the direction Chen Ping went, made his heart start to panic.
Because in that direction, many corpses and skulls, all buried there.
Only Batu did not understand how Chen Ping could possibly know.
With a feeling of apprehension, Batu followed Chen Ping to the place where the corpses and bones were buried.
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, two pirates were instantly sucked to his body by a strong force.
“This is the place, you two dig it for me ……”
Chen Ping said to the two pirates.
The two pirates turned their heads to look at Batou, they had to listen to Batou’s orders before they could do so.
Just as the two pirates hesitated, Chen Ping waved his palm!
The two pirates had no time to react and their heads were directly blown off.
This bloody tactic of Chen Ping made all the pirates gasp!
“You two come over here and dig …… for me.”
Chen Ping smoothly pointed at two more pirates.
This time, the two pirates did not dare to hesitate and began to dig up desperately.
In a short while, a corpse and many skulls were dug out.
The insidious aura that washed over the sky instantly made the surrounding temperature much colder.
Looking at the eerie white bones that had been dug out, Batu’s cold sweat began to drip down continuously.
“What else do you have to say?”
Chen Ping looked coldly at Batu, his obsidian-like eyes emitting an icy and harsh light, giving off an endless sense of oppression.
“I …… I ……”
Batu stammered, and didn’t know what to say.
“You evil cultivators just deserve to die, how many people have died at your hands? Look at these white bones, there are children among them ……”
Killing intent erupted from Chen Ping’s body as he slowly walked towards Batu.
Batu kept backing up, and finally a cold aura flashed in his eyes, followed by grabbing the bloody hand by his side and throwing it towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping casually waved his hand.
Boom!
The Blood Hand’s body exploded instantly in mid-air, turning into a cloud of blood mist.
Using this opportunity, Batu leapt up and then dove head first into the sea.
Having been on this island for many years, Batu had already practised his water skills very well.
Seeing Batu jumping into the sea, Chen Ping did not go after him.
In this vast sea, he knew that even if Batu jumped into the sea, he would not be able to escape.
Without a boat, it was simply impossible to return to land.
Chen Ping turned his head and looked towards the remaining pirates.
When they saw Chen Ping looking at them, the pirates were all terrified and then tried to escape one after another.
But this island was only so big, where could they escape to?
Chen Ping’s palms flashed with golden light, and then the golden light soared, and an endless pressure enveloped the island.
Without any movement, the pirates who had fled began to bleed out of their bodies one by one.
They simply could not withstand the mighty pressure emanating from Chen Ping.
All those pirates on the island died at Chen Ping’s hands.
But when Chen Ping was looking at the sea, he found that that Batou was no longer in sight!
“Could this fellow have drowned?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly.
It was said that with the strength of a Grand Master, it was impossible for him to drown in the sea so easily.
Just as Chen Ping was wondering, the sea suddenly exploded with several feet of waves, and the entire island was shaken by the huge wave.