“Oh? Tell me?”
Su Tianshuo froze!
He had not crossed paths with Chen Ping and did not know what Chen Ping had to tell himself!
“President Su, are you guys going to join forces and make a move against the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family during this Pharmacist Conference?”
“Actually, the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family have also learnt of your attempts, so they have requested me and want to unite with the Central Region Apothecary Guild yet.”
“At that time, if you really fight, I’m afraid that both of you will lose.”
“And there’s one more thing that you guys probably don’t know, there will be a calamity coming to Pill God Island in three days!”
“The Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect will attack the Pill God Island three days later, and if you guys are fighting, it is expected that no one will be able to leave the Pill God Island.”
Chen Ping truthfully said after Su Tianshuo!
When Su Tianshuo heard this, he was filled with shock, even that Bao Longxing and Diao Changmin were filled with incredulity!
After all, this matter was only known to a few of them, the other pharmacists did not know at all!
If they knew, it was expected that many of them would have fled Pill God Island!
After all, even the best treasures were not as important as lives!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, are you telling the truth?”
Su Tianshuo asked!
“Of course, it was told to me by Island Master Ouyang himself, there is absolutely no falsehood.”
“I only hope that you guys must not be fighting during the Apothecary Conference, after all, it’s better for grievances to be resolved than tied up.”
“What’s more, the Apothecaries of the Celestial Realm are already few and are still vulnerable, if there is infighting, the Apothecaries of the entire Celestial Realm will be even more vulnerable.”
Chen Ping persuaded Su Tianshuo!
Su Tianshuo frowned and did not reply to Chen Ping’s words, instead, he turned back to look at Bao Longxing and Diao Changmin!
Su Tianshuo did not expect that Ouyang Xing would take the initiative to reveal the news that the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect had attacked Pill God Island!
In fact, Su Tianshuo and the rest of them also thought that Ouyang Xing had forcibly moved the Apothecary Conference to Pill God Island to organise it, but also to tie up with the many apothecaries and then fight against the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
Therefore, Ouyang Xing would never reveal this matter, if he did reveal it and caused a panic amongst the pharmacists, I believe that many people would choose to flee the Pill God Island, and who would still follow Ouyang Xing to resist the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect at that time?
But now, Ouyang Xing had told Chen Ping the news, and this also made it necessary for Su Tianshuo and the others to make changes to their plans!
They were meant to join forces with the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect and then kill most of the pill masters so that they could control the pill masters in the entire Celestial Realm!
But now that Chen Ping knew the secret, it was believed that it wouldn’t be long before the other pill masters would know it one after the other!
If the pill masters all ran away, Su Tianshuo’s plan for them would be over!
Therefore, they must not allow Chen Ping to divulge the news!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I still need to follow the Bao Family Master and the Diao Family Master to discuss this matter, after all, they are the main protagonists in this matter!”
Su Tianshuo said politely after Chen Ping!
He wanted to stabilise Chen Ping first, now Chen Ping did not know about their plans!
They were in the dark and Chen Ping was in the light, so they had the opportunity to make a move on Chen Ping at any time!
“Good!”Chen Ping nodded!
Su Tianshuo called Pao Longxing and Diao Changmin aside!
“How did this happen, in this case, without waiting for that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect to arrive at Pill God Island, it is estimated that most of them have fled.”
Bao Longxing said with some anxiety!
“This Ouyang Xing, what exactly is he doing? Isn’t he afraid that all these pill masters will run away?”
Diao Changmin also said anxiously!
“It seems like I have to notify the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect that I have to make an early move before I can do so, but in these few days, I must not allow that Chen Ping to be spreading the news out!”
Su Tianshuo knew that once the news of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect’s attack on Pill God Island spread, all the pill masters would flee!
At that time, his plan would be a complete failure!