“You put these things away, these are ancient ruins, there are a large amount of resources inside, when the time comes, the Long Family can also engage in trials as a way to consolidate the status of the Long Family ……”
Chen Ping handed those things to Long Xingxu.
Long Xingxu was dumbfounded, holding those maps, his face full of shock, he couldn’t figure out how Chen Ping knew so many ancient ruins addresses!
“I’m going to stay here for a few days, do whatever you do, no need to deliberately entertain me ……”
Chen Ping waved his hand and said.
“Got it ……”
Long Xingxu nodded, then turned around and walked outside.
“By the way, can the Long Family’s dungeon be opened yet?”
Chen Ping asked.
Long Xingxu stopped himself, “It can be opened, after that Long Jingguo died, the dungeon’s spell formation disappeared, do you want to go to the dungeon to take a look, Brother Chen Ping?”
Long Xingxu thought Chen Ping was going to check out the place where his mother was being held!
Chen Ping, however, shook his head, “No, since the dungeon can be opened, store those Heavenly Thunder Stones, it’s not possible to use them one day!”
“I’ve already sent someone to keep them!”
Long Xingxu said.
“Alright, it’s alright ……”
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, Long Xingxu left!
The reason why Chen Ping had thought of those Heavenly Lightning Stones was that he could use them to directly blow up the Martial Alliance’s dungeon in case there was no other way.
However, in order to blow up the dungeon without hurting Su Yuqi, one would need to know the detailed structure of the dungeon to do so.
Although Chen Ping had gone in twice, it was only for a very short period of time, and he hadn’t looked closely!
Now it would be difficult for him to get in, even if he had a spatial magic weapon like the Qiankun Circle, there was no way to get in, the Martial Alliance had long ago re-bound the dungeon in space!
“It looks like I’ll have to find a chance to go inside the dungeon and observe it properly!”
Chen Ping got up and walked out of the room, intending to take a walk down the street and see if Ge Fuhai had returned by the way!
If he wanted to know the secrets of the Purple Sky Mansion, it seemed that he could only ask Ge Fuhai!
If he really wanted to go to the Heavenly Rune Sect, he would get twice the result with half the effort if he had Hu Pazi with him.
As it was getting late, Chen Ping found a small but unique restaurant, ordered some food and ate alone.
Although the restaurant was not big, it was full and there were many people eating.
At this moment, two women not far from Chen Ping caught his attention!
The main point was that the aura emitted from these two women was very strong, and the main point was that the aura emitted from these two women had the fluctuation of spiritual power!
One should know that only immortal cultivators would produce spiritual energy in their bodies, if they were martial artists, they would only produce powerful qi!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but place his gaze on the two women, and was even a little lost in thought.
If he wasn’t afraid that the other party would find out, Chen Ping would want to use his divine sense to probe and see if these two women were cultivators or not!
“Sister Qiu Ju, look at this guy, looking straight at us, it’s simply disgusting, a look is a big pervert ……”
Han Qing’er had long since noticed Chen Ping looking straight at them, and said with a face full of disgust.
“Miss, we’d better hurry up and eat, so that we can go back after we finish eating, this guy carries spiritual energy, he should also be a cultivator, I guess he has also found out our identity ……”
Qiu Ju whispered to Han Qing’er.
“No, I have to teach this guy a lesson, I don’t know what kind of tactics this guy uses to be able to fool so many girls and go crazy for him ……”
Han Qing’er said as a divine sense headed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and his eyes held a burst of surprise!
Han Qing’er’s divine sense emanated, and only then did Chen Ping realize that this Han Qing’er was actually at the realm of Great Martial Marquis!
If one knew that in the entire Kyoto martial world, there were only a handful of such young Grand Martial Marquis, and one had never heard of a girl reaching the rank of Grand Marquis.