“What’s it going to take? You quickly say, as long as you can enter the secret realm and save Yu Qi, pay whatever price you can ……”
Chen Ping asked hurriedly.
“I know that there is a Hundred Refinements Pavilion in Bu Yun Mountain, and within this Hundred Refinements Pavilion there is a Heavenly Opportunity Order, and I heard that this Heavenly Opportunity Order can open the entrance to any secret realm!”
“But this Heavenly Opportunity Decree is the treasure of this Hundred Refinement Pavilion, so it will not be lent out easily, but this Hundred Refinement Pavilion Master likes to collect all kinds of magic weapons, so if there is a magic weapon that he can like, he can lend out that Heavenly Opportunity Decree!”
Zhou Jie said to Chen Ping.
“Hundred Refinement Pavilion, the Heavenly Opportunity Order?” Chen Ping frowned slightly, “How come I’ve never heard of it?”
Although Chen Ping had not set foot in the Martial Dao Realm for long, but as his strength and fame had increased, he had become well known in the Martial Dao Realm, and had a general understanding of many sects in the Martial Dao Realm!
Even the clans of those secret realm spokesmen, Chen Ping could now understand a thing or two, but he had never heard of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion sect!
“Mr. Chen has no idea, although this Hundred Refinement Pavilion is in the secular realm, it rarely follows the martial families in the secular realm though, the ones that the Hundred Refinement Pavilion has contacted are the families in the major mysterious realms!”
“Because the Hundred Refinement Pavilion can refine magic weapons, and because there is the Heaven’s Chance Order in hand, many Secret Realm families have dealt with the Hundred Refinement Pavilion.”
Zhou Jie followed Chen Ping and explained.
Only then did Chen Ping suddenly understand, so he asked, “Then where is the Hundred Refinement Pavilion in Bu Yun Mountain? I’ll go find it now ……”
“I’m not sure about the exact place, I just heard others mention it when I was in the Demon Spirit Sect.”
Zhou Jie said as she shook her head.
Chen Ping knew about Bu Yun Mountain, but Bu Yun Mountain stretched for hundreds of miles, where was he going to find that Hundred Refinement Pavilion?
Moreover, the Hundred Refinement Pavilion was rarely connected with martial families, so even if Chen Ping asked around other families, he might not know the news!
Now if he rushed to the Demon Spirit Sect to ask others, it would be too far away and too much of a waste of time!
Just when Chen Ping was at a loss for what to do, his mind suddenly recalled Mr. Shi!
Since Mr. Shi even knew about the Celestial Realm, he might also know about this Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping turned around and headed out, he was going to go and ask Mr. Shi about it!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly asked.
But Chen Ping had already gone far away, there was no way of knowing what he was going to do!
“You guys put away the entrance to this secret realm, I’ll go after him ……”
Pocky Hu knew that Chen Ping was now in the throes of anger, he was afraid that Chen Ping would do something irrational, so he chased after him!
When Hu Puzi chased Chen Ping to the Guardian Pavilion, Hu Puzi directly froze!
He didn’t understand what Chen Ping was doing here!
“Chen Ping, what are you doing here? Do you still want the officials to help you find that Hundred Refinements Pavilion?”
Pocky Hu asked as he stepped forward and pulled Chen Ping along.
“Yes, I’m going to ask Mr. Shi …….”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said!
When Hu Pocky heard this, he was startled, “Chen Ping, you don’t want your life, you know that to see Mr. Shi, you have to be summoned, who dares to disturb Mr. Shi without being summoned.”
“I advise you not to mess with Mr. Shi, although Mr. Shi treats you well, but you have to behave yourself!”
Hearing that Chen Ping was going to go to Mr Shi, Hu Pazzi’s face turned very ugly!
“Don’t worry, it will be fine, Mr. Shi will never make things difficult for me ……”
Chen Ping said.
But Pocky Hu was pulling Chen Ping to death and wouldn’t let him go in.
Just then, Xing Jun came out from inside, and after seeing Chen Ping and Hu Puzi, he faintly stared!
“Chen Ping, you really are at the door, just now Mr. Shi even said for me to come out and invite you in ……”
Xing Jun’s words also made Chen Ping stare, it was obvious that Mr. Shi knew that he had come!