Su Yuqi froze, looking at Wei Tao’s expression, a hint of bad premonition flashed inside her and said, “Wei Tao, what do you mean?”
“What do you mean by me?” Wei Tao’s face became somewhat fierce, “I’ve been pursuing you for so many years, but you didn’t give me a single chance, and now you prefer a reformed prisoner, where exactly am I inferior to that Chen Ping?”
Wei Tao roared, grabbing Su Yuqi’s arm with a deadly grip!
“Wei Tao, who said all this to you?”
Su Yuqi finally understood that Wei Tao was far away from the provincial capital, but he actually knew about the recent happenings in Hongcheng, so someone must have told him.
“You don’t have to care about that, tell me, where exactly am I inferior to that Chen Ping?”
The force on Wei Tao’s hand increased by a few more points, which made Su Yuqi feel the pain and her brow furrowed!
“Let go of me, you’re hurting me, you’re inferior to him everywhere!”
Su Yuqi looked at Wei Tao in disgust!
“b*tch!” Wei Tao said and slapped Su Yuqi’s face, Su Yuqi’s face instantly turned red.
“I’m telling you, today I’m going to make you watch your that Chen Ping die in my hands, my Wei Tao’s woman, no one can snatch her away!”
Wei Tao glared with his eyes and gritted his teeth!
“Wei Tao, if you dare to touch Chen Ping, I won’t spare you!”
Su Yuqi shouted with a face of fury!
“The more you do this, the more I’m going to torment this guy’s!”
Wei Tao finished, and walked straight out of the room, slamming the door heavily shut!
“Wei Tao, let me out, let me out, if you dare to touch Chen Ping, I will never spare you!”
Su Yuqi desperately smashed the door of the room, but to no avail.
Finally Su Yuqi got tired of smashing and leaned on the wall, silently praying for Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, you must not come!”
…………
On the other hand, Xiao Yan, as the head of the Xiao family, was at home at this moment giving a meeting to the people, giving Chen Ping two real estate companies, although it saved the Xiao family, but also made the Xiao family hurt!
The two real estate companies, which were nearly half of the Xiao family’s properties, were given away like this.
“From now on, whenever my Xiao family is outside, they should keep a low profile, our Xiao family is no longer the same as it was in the past.
Xiao Yan said as he sat on the main seat, following the Xiao family with a gloomy face.
“Master, it’s not good, it’s not good, someone has surrounded the Xiao Clan!”
At this moment, a subordinate hurriedly ran in and reported anxiously!
“What people?” Xiao Yan was instantly enraged, “Although my Xiao Family is different from the past, it is not at the mercy of anyone, all follow me out to take a look!”
With Xiao Yan’s words, all the people of the Xiao Clan all got up and headed out.
But just as they stepped out of the doorway, Xiao Yan froze for a moment before a smile instantly appeared on his angry face, “So it is Mr. Chen and Master Tiger who have arrived, hurry up and come inside!”
After Xiao Yan finished, he glared fiercely at the subordinate, he didn’t know how to give details, if he knew that it was Chen Ping and Lin Tianhu who had arrived, he wouldn’t dare to come out with his men in a rage even if he was given a few guts!
The subordinate also looked innocent, and before he could finish his sentence, Xiao Yan was furiously rushing out with his men!
Chen Ping had an indifferent look on his face, and his face was unpleasant, while Lin Tianhu had killing intent flashing in his eyes as he turned to Xiao Yan and said, “Where is your son Xiao Lei? Tell him to get out!”
Xiao Yan’s heart thudded when he heard this, he knew that it must be that son of his who had caused trouble again!
“Master Tiger, my son is not at home, and I have just had someone contact him, but I cannot reach him at all.”
Xiao Yan trembled all over and said!
He did contact Xiao Lei just now, after all, there was a family meeting and it was not like Xiao Lei to not be present, but he could not be contacted at all, so Xiao Yan did not wait for him!
“Who the hell are you bluffing?”
Lin Tianhu picked up Xiao Yan as he stepped forward.