…………
Kyoto, on a not-so-busy street!
Because it was already late and the weather was a bit cool, there were not many people on the street.
Inside a small alleyway by the side of the street, the three of them, Gu Ling’er, were hiding inside.
They were waiting, waiting for the Ning family members who pa*sed by.
Because they saw two Ning family members go to a restaurant on the street, they believed that they would come out soon.
Soon, from one end of the street, two middle-aged, drunken men came walking with each other.
These two men were the Ning family, the ones Gu Ling’er and the girls were waiting for.
“Here they come, here they come, both already drunk, just in time to get down ……”
Wu Mei’er saw the two Ning family members walking towards this side and immediately whispered.
“Go ……”
Xiao Lan pulled on Wu Meier and prepared to go out from inside the alley.
“You two be careful, these two are the strength of Martial Sects.”
Gu Ling’er warned at the two.
At the beginning, they were able to get their hands on the two Martial Zongs of the Ning family, entirely because the other party had no mental defenses at all.
At the back, when the Ning family were all on guard, it would not be easy for them to make a move against those Martial Sect level ones.
“Don’t worry, these two guys are drunk like this, they will definitely be fine.”
Xiao Lan said with confidence.
Soon, two members of Ning’s family came over eastward, and Xiao Lan and Wu Mei’er greeted them.
“Two big brothers, where are you going?”
Xiao Lan asked as she revealed her charming attitude and gently raised her eyes.
The two Ning family members’ eyes lit up after seeing Xiao Lan and Wu Mei’er.
“Hahahaha, I didn’t expect to come across two beautiful women on a big night!”
“It just so happens that big brother I’m a bit bored, keep big brother entertained ah ……”
A member of the Ning family had a lecherous smile on his face and grabbed towards Xiao Lan.
Xiao Lan gently dodged: “Big brother, what’s the hurry, let’s find a place, we can’t be on the street!”
Xiao Lan threw a wink, while Wu Mei’er also threw a wink at the other Ning family member at the same time.
The two Ning family members saw a flash of light in their eyes, and then their eyes became a little dull.
Seeing that she had won, the corners of Lan’s mouth curled up into a smile, and then she pulled out her dagger.
At the same time, Gu Ling’er also rushed out from the alleyway and followed Xiao Lan to make her move.
But the moment the two made their move, the two members of Ning’s family, who were originally dull-eyed, had a brilliant flash of light, and with a single strike, they controlled Xiao Lan and Gu Ling’er.
This sudden change of events startled Xiao Lan and Gu Ling’er, and Wu Mei’er, who was on the side, was also stunned.
“Big brother, what are you doing?”
Wu Mei’er whispered softly towards a member of the Ning family.
And the charmed art kept emanating from her eyes.
“Hmph, this bit of your charm technique is useless to us!”
A member of the Ning family reached out and held Wu Mei’er in place.
This time, all three girls panicked, and it turned out that these two Ning family members had not fallen for their charm technique.
“So we, the Ning family, were all killed by you three using this method, now I will take you to see the family head ……”
The two Ning family members took control of Gu Ling’er and the three of them and walked towards the end of the street.
The three of them struggled desperately, but it was of no use, the other party was a Martial Arts Sect, they did not have the slightest strength to fight back.
But just as they reached the end of the street, they suddenly found a man standing in the middle of the street with his back to them!
Seeing this, the two Ning family members instantly radiated their aura and prepared themselves for battle.
“This brother, who are you? We’re from the Ning family!”
At this moment, a member of the Ning family stepped forward and asked the man whose back was turned to them.
“Release the three of them ……”
As he spoke, the man slowly turned around.
When Gu Ling’er and the girls saw the man’s appearance, they were all frozen, their eyes widening in excitement.