‘This fellow actually knows the Fusion to Fire technique as well?’
Chen Ping was surprised when he saw this!
He had thought that only the old Sect Master had a way to fuse the Supreme Flame, but he had never thought that this Liu Sh*tong could also fuse the Supreme Flame!
One must know that the Supreme Flame was not something that everyone could refine, and it was even less easy to fuse the Supreme Flame!
After the fusion of the two supreme flames, the power was obviously much greater!
The flames on Liu Sh*tong’s body unexpectedly turned dark brown, and his entire body had a hideous expression, looking like a demon!
And in Liu Sh*tong’s chest, an odd pattern appeared and there was a black lotus blooming!
From the looks of it, the Liu Sh*tong at this moment was very bizarre!
‘Why does this guy suddenly have a demonic aura on him?’
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with surprise!
In the beginning, this Liu Sh*tong did not have any devilish aura at all, and it was impossible to see that he was a devil cultivator, but now, this guy even had a devilish aura on his body, and even though the devilish aura was not heavy, and there was only a trace of it, but it was still detected by Chen Ping!
‘What is this situation? What Liu Sh*tong cultivates is not our Purple Flame Sect’s technique?’
The Referee Elder’s brow furrowed as he also seemed to have detected something strange about Liu Sh*tong!
Everyone else was also talking, they hadn’t seen this kind of gong method before, except that many people didn’t notice that Liu Sh*tong was starting to have a demonic aura on his body!
‘Black Demon Lotus, this guy is actually using this method to fuse to fire!’
At this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
‘Black Demon Lotus?’
Chen Ping stared blankly!
‘The black lotus flower on this fellow’s chest is the Black Demon Lotus, this kind of Black Demon Lotus needs to be nurtured within the body, once the Black Demon Lotus appears, it can fuse everything.’
‘Just now, this fellow is the one who used the Black Demon Lotus to fuse the Supreme Flame, not that he himself possesses the technique to fuse the Supreme Flame.’
‘However, after this Black Demon Lotus is cast, the cultivator will be heavily injured, and will need to cultivate his body to be able to do so, or perhaps he will even be devoured by the Black Demon Lotus.’
‘I didn’t expect this guy to nurture the Black Demon Lotus within his body and still cast it at this time, he obviously wants to cure you to death!’
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said with some surprise!
After all, it’s just a competition, it’s not like there’s any deep hatred, this Liu Sh*tong cast out the Black Demon Lotus, it’s probably a fight to the death!
In that case, this Liu Sh*tong was really a ruthless character!
‘In that case, this Liu Sh*tong is not a devil cultivator? He also doesn’t know the Fusion to Fire technique?’
Chen Ping asked!
‘Yes, he is able to do so solely because of this Black Devil Lotus, I just don’t know where this kid got the Black Devil Lotus from.’
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping was relieved when he heard this, if this fellow really knew the Fusion to Fire technique, Chen Ping was really a bit bad to deal with!
Now that he was only relying on that Black Demon Lotus to fuse the Supreme Fire, Chen Ping was not afraid!
As long as the Black Demon Lotus was destroyed, the two types of Supreme Flames would naturally separate!
Chen Ping could look for a moment to refine and absorb the lavender colour of the Supreme Flame as well!
At this moment, Wei Qing and the others, watching Liu Sh*tong’s sudden change, all pinched a cold sweat for Chen Ping!
However, Chen Ping himself had a relaxed look on his face, Liu Sh*tong was still an ant in front of himself even if he was exerting himself in any way now!
‘Go to hell ……’
A terrifying aura rushed around Liu Sh*tong’s body, looking at the Black Demon Lotus in front of his chest, Liu Sh*tong regained his confidence!
He believed that with the Black Devil Lotus, he would definitely be able to defeat Chen Ping!
He couldn’t be defeated by a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, otherwise he would no longer have a place to live in this Purple Flame Sect to, wouldn’t he be sprayed to death with spittle!
Liu Sh*tong waved his arm, and from the Black Demon Lotus in front of that chest, a flame shot out!