Chen Ping looked at the four men, dressed in identical clothes, yet also looking very similar, he didn’t need to think about it to know that these four men were quadruplets!
However, these four people were all Martial Marquis realms, which made Chen Ping’s face turn grave.
“Who are you people? Where is Zhu Zhi Shan?”
Chen Ping asked to the four hostages.
“You don’t need to care who we are, just remember that it was us four brothers who sent you on your way!”
One man said indifferently.
When Chen Ping heard this, he was enraged, “Zhu Zhishan, you f*cking old liar, come out if you have the guts ……”
“You don’t need to shout, if you have the ability to kill the four of us, then naturally, Lord Zhu will come out as well ……”
After saying that, the four people burst out their breath at the same time, and each one of them began to flicker with light.
But with four people, the flickering light was surprisingly different, proving that these four people were not practicing the same kind of kung fu.
“Are you going to kill yourself, or do you want us four brothers to do it? If you kill yourself, you can still die comfortably, but if you fall into the hands of us four brothers, it will be …………”
The eldest of the four men said with a heated smile.
“Big brother, why bother with him, so playful and tender, even if we want to kill him, we need the four of us to have fun before ……”
The oldest of the four revealed an obscene gaze!
When Chen Ping heard this, he couldn’t help but shiver, and then looked at the four people in front of him, “How f*cking disgusting, just the four of you just promoted Martial Marquis, and you dare to say such big words.”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he took a step forward, and the golden light on his body instantly exploded out.
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a god of war as he looked at the four people in front of him with contempt.
“Humph, really don’t know how to die, then I will send you on your way ……”
Old Fourth snorted coldly as his body instantly headed towards Chen Ping, a stream of powerful qi pouncing towards Chen Ping.
“Old Fourth, this kid is full of treasures, watch out ……”
Old Third roared loudly.
“Don’t worry Third Brother ……”
With that said, that Old Fourth had already reached Chen Ping and swung a fist towards Chen Ping’s shoulder blade.
It looked like he didn’t want to kill Chen Ping in one go, he just wanted to make Chen Ping lose his ability to resist.
“Tenacious ……”
Chen Ping’s anger rose in his heart when he saw these guys treating him with such contempt.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious shout, bright golden light shone on Chen Ping’s fist as the power of the divine dragon coalesced, which was then swung out by Chen Ping with a single punch.
Boom!
A burst of golden light rose up, and a terrifying killing intent permeated the scene.
Immediately afterwards, a crisp bone cracking sound and a miserable scream could be heard!
“This Old Fourth, striking so hard, how can we still play later ……”
Lao San was complaining when he saw a figure flying straight towards them.
It then fell heavily in front of them.
At this moment, that old fourth, his arm had long been twisted, white bones were exposed outside, his body was drenched in blood, his appearance was miserable!
At this moment, several people all had huge pale faces, full of incredulity!
And after Chen Ping had punched the old man away, his aura still surged up, his killing intent awe-inspiring!
The three remaining guys looked at each other and hurriedly helped the oldest one up.
The boss then took out a black pill, which stank incredibly badly, and stuffed it into the old man’s mouth.
After he swallowed the pill, the boss chanted a magic trick and a cloud of black mist began to surround the old man’s wound.
Only to see that Old Fourth’s strangely bent arm was slowly beginning to recover, and the exposed bones, too, began to grow!
Chen Ping frowned: “So you are evil cultivators, it seems that this Martial Alliance is not clean either ……”
Chen Ping looked angrily at the four people in front of him as his aura continued to erupt.
Looking at Chen Ping in front of them, the four men’s faces began to turn grave, no longer having the contempt they had at the beginning.