Hu Da also entered Chen Ping’s Origin Space.
When looking at everything in front of him, Hu Da was dumbfounded, he really didn’t expect that Chen Ping’s Origin Space was a cosmic river of stars!
He had once entered Hu Er’s Origin Space, which was an ocean of lakes that could not be seen at a glance.
He thought that this kind of Origin Space was big enough!
However, when compared to Chen Ping, Hu Er’s Origin Space was simply nothing!
“This kid’s Origin Space is so big, it’s unbelievable ……”
Hu Da said in shock!
“Big brother, give me this body, such a large origin space, I can make use of it, you haven’t sensed the origin yet, so it won’t be of much use for you to take over!”
Hu Er took the opportunity to follow Hu Da to demand Chen Ping’s physical body!
Hu Da was silent, he actually liked Chen Ping’s body too, it was too strong!
However, it was true that he hadn’t perceived the Origin, so this Origin Space was useless to him!
Just when Hu Da did not know how to reply, Chen Ping’s voice unexpectedly sounded from all directions!
“This body of mine is not something that you mole crickets can take over just because you want to, do you really want mole crickets to shake the tree?”
Chen Ping’s voice carried a thick sneer!
“Damn, this kid even still has remnants of his divine sense, he hasn’t been completely taken over, the two of us will destroy his sea of consciousness first.”
Saying that, Hu Da left the Origin Space with Hu Er and entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Just as the Hu brothers were about to make a move on Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness unexpectedly flashed with golden light!
The Great Luo Golden Canon emitted a golden light which shone on the Hu Family brothers, causing the two of them to feel uncomfortable, as if they were going to be illuminated by the golden light!
“Just you two guys who don’t know how to die, you still want to take over Mr Chen’s physical body, you really don’t know what you are doing ……”
Ochre Amazing came from Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness .Appeared!
“There is actually someone else in this kid’s sea of consciousness, and what in the world is this golden light, it shines so hard on me ah.”
Hu Er said with a grimace!
“Brother, quickly go, leave this kid’s sea of consciousness, quickly ……”
Hu Da urged at Hu Er!
“What’s wrong big brother?”
Hu Er asked in confusion!
“This kid’s sea of consciousness is too huge, and his divine sense is even more boundless, it’s impossible for us to take over.”
“The two of us fell for it, this kid must have deliberately let us enter his body!”
Hu Da pulled Hu Er and was about to run!
But before they could move, in Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, divine sense tumbled and directly surrounded the Hu brothers!
Then under the golden light of that Great Luo Golden Code, the souls of the Hu family brothers were quickly eaten away!
To the death, this Hu family brothers did not think that it was them who entered Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness and wanted to take over Chen Ping’s physical body that they had become like this!
Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness was also not what they had imagined!
The illusion formation that Chen Ping had laid slowly disappeared and Chen Ping’s figure was revealed!
However, the blood-coloured monster was gone, and the blood in the entire sacrificial blood formation was slowly draining away!
With the death of the Hu brothers, the formation slowly stopped functioning, and then re-turned into a formation disc that fell to the ground!
Seeing the great formation disappear, everyone rushed up!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
“Mr Chen, are you hurt?”
“Master, I was scared to death just now ……”
Bai Shao as well as Fire Phoenix and all of them were very worried!
After all, Chen Ping had just been promoted to the second rank of the Transition Realm, how could he be a match against that blood-coloured monster?
“I’m fine!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then handed that array disc to Luo Shouhai and said, “Master Luo, your Blood Spirit Valley has been hit by such a catastrophe, and your strength in this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain has been severely damaged, so this array disc will be given to you, with this array disc, you will still be able to recruit some of your subordinates, and revive the Blood Spirit Valley.”
Luo Shouhai received the array disc with trembling hands, tears continued to flow out of his eyes, choking, he didn’t even know what to say!