The flames in Chen Ping’s palm grew fiercer, and with a downward press of his hand, the fire engulfed the body of the Tang Sect’s Grand Elder!
“Reviving the dead with flames? I’ve never heard of that.”
“There’s plenty you haven’t heard of. Would a method to bring back the dead be something I’d let you know?”
“The body’s almost burned away. Can it still be revived?”
Everyone watched this scene, whispering among themselves!
Qian Xiaohan was also stunned, watching as the Tang Sect Grand Elder’s body dwindled until it was reduced to ashes by the flames!
“Where’s the person? Weren’t you going to revive him?”
Qian Xiaohan asked!
“Sorry, my mistake. I apologize…”
Chen Ping grinned!
“Ah…”
“Shameless scum…” Qian Xiaohan was furious!
The surrounding crowd let out a collective hiss, their gazes toward Chen Ping filled with disdain!
But Chen Ping didn’t care at all!
Ming Shao muttered under his breath, “Damn, he even fooled me!”
With that, Ming Shao’s body vanished in an instant, reappearing back inside the tavern!
The Tang Sect members were going mad. Killing their Grand Elder was bad enough, but now even his body had been incinerated, leaving no remains!
A group of Tang Sect followers shouted and charged at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s expression turned cold as he looked at them, “Do you want to end up like your Grand Elder?”
That single sentence stopped the Tang Sect members in their tracks, and they slowly backed away!
“Chen Ping, you’re a Transcendence Realm cultivator! How can you be so shameless?”
Qian Xiaohan’s body trembled with rage as he spoke!
“Me, shameless?”
Chen Ping sneered, “You Lian San Sect sent dozens of people after me, and that’s honorable? The Tang Sect Grand Elder was stronger than me, knew I’d already fought a brutal battle, and still came at me with a war of attrition. That’s honorable?”
“Not letting me use weapons, piling on all sorts of restrictions, that’s honorable?”
“I think the most shameless ones here are you Lian San Sect…”
Chen Ping’s tirade left Qian Xiaohan dumbfounded!
“No matter what, you must die today, or the Lian San Sect will lose all face!”
Qian Xiaohan roared and prepared to lead his men against Chen Ping!
“The Lian San Sect is nothing. You still have face to lose?”
At that moment, a furious shout rang out, followed by the sky trembling as figures appeared on the horizon!
Lin Chong arrived with Wuji Daoist and the experts from Sun Moon City!
Seeing Lin Chong, Qian Xiaohan’s face turned utterly grim!
Lin Keting and Lin Kefan leapt forward, reaching Lin Chong’s side.
“Father, the Lian San Sect is shameless, ganging up on Chen Ping and using a war of attrition. You have to teach them a lesson!”
Lin Keting said to Lin Chong!
She’d already been unable to stand it earlier, but her strength wasn’t enough to help Chen Ping!
Now that her father was here, there was no need to hold back!
“Disciple, you don’t need to say it. Your father will act. How could he let his future son-in-law be bullied?”
Wuji Daoist stroked his beard and said!
“Master!” Lin Keting blushed!
Chen Ping looked at the arriving Lin Chong and smiled slightly, feeling more confident. If Qian Xiaohan attacked again, Chen Ping wouldn’t have been able to hold out!
The consecutive battles had drained too much of his strength, and he needed to recover!
Inside the tavern, Ming Shao glanced at Lin Chong and said slowly, “Sun Moon City’s people are here. The Lian San Sect is finished!”
“Ming Shao, should we step in?”
The red-haired elder asked!
The Lian San Sect had joined the Four Nether Mansions, making them part of their group. If they were in danger, they couldn’t just stand by!
“Keep watching for now. No need to interfere yet. These people haven’t fully submitted.”
Ming Shao said calmly.