At this moment, the one-eyed man seemed to react, and his entire person became hideous, looking at the Soul Fixing Bead in his hand, he opened his mouth and swallowed it!
Seeing the one-eyed man swallow the Soul Fixing Pearl, the green-clothed woman’s face became ugly!
A unique aura continuously impacted the one-eyed man, trying to force the one-eyed man’s soul out!
The one-eyed man’s eyes were like vipers as he looked at the woman in green, he didn’t expect that he had fallen for this woman’s trick!
“You dare to lie to Lao Zi, go to hell ……”
The one-eyed man waved a long knife in his hand, a black spirit light filled the long knife, followed by a sharp aura that was incomparably powerful as it headed towards the woman in green!
In the blink of an eye, the long knife cut through the void and whistled, aiming to chop the woman into two!
The woman in green faced the one-eyed man’s blade, her eyes were filled with panic, she wanted to hide, but she simply could not hide!
The woman in green closed her eyes and could only resign herself to her fate!
“Senior sister, senior sister ……”
Seeing this, the man in green desperately tried to go and protect the woman in green, but injured as he was, he couldn’t climb up at all!
He could only watch his sister die a tragic death under the knife!
Seeing that the woman in blue was about to die, but saw a black shadow arrived in an instant!
The black shadow blocked in front of the woman in green, and then reached out and grabbed the long knife directly!
The one-eyed man froze, and the woman in green also froze!
Neither of them had realised how there was suddenly an extra person directly in front of them!
“Who are you? Don’t mind your own business ……”
The one-eyed man chided Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was the image of a middle-aged man at this time, and his aura looked like it was only at the Harmonisation Realm!
However, he was able to directly block a sword from the Ferrying Realm, this is not reasonable ……
“If you see an injustice and pull out a sword to help, you can call me Lei Feng ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
The one eyed man was instantly furious, roaring loudly “I Lei your mother, small Harmonisation realm, also dare to intervene.”
After saying that, the one-eyed man drew back his long sword and swept towards Chen Ping in a smooth manner!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, sidestepped and dodged the knife before kicking the one-eyed man in the abdomen!
Wow …………
That one eyed man suffered pain and violently opened his mouth, and the Soul Determining Bead that he had just swallowed was actually spat out!
Seeing this, the woman in green clothes, the jade in front of her chest flashed, followed by a strange breath wrapped around that one-eyed man!
The one-eyed man froze, then his eyes were lax, and his soul slowly floated out from his body!
After detaching from his own body, the one-eyed man was immediately startled and turned to run!
The flesh was gone, it could be taken over, it could be remodelled!
But if the divine soul was destroyed, it would really be a complete disaster!
Seeing the one-eyed man’s soul trying to run, the green-clothed woman’s eyes flashed with anger, and she violently flung out her hand, hitting a steel nail-like concealed weapon, and then surprisingly fixed that one-eyed man’s soul in the void!
The one-eyed man was shocked and struggled desperately, but he could not break free at all!
Chen Ping looked at the scene in front of him with surprise, feeling very unbelievable!
After all, this soul is a spirit, there is no entity at all, there is no way for a weapon to touch it, let alone give control to the soul!
However, the woman had just thrown out a steel nail like concealed weapon, but it had actually fixed the one-eyed man’s soul, it could be clearly seen that the concealed weapon was fixed on top of the one-eyed man’s soul!
“Mr Chen, this is the Soul Capturing Long Nail, a weapon unique to the Soul Demon Sect, a soul that is struck by this kind of long nail is as if it has been immobilised, it cannot move at all.”
Seeing Chen Ping’s doubts, Ochre Yan hurriedly explained to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping could not help but feel that this Soul Demon Sect was really peculiar, even the weapons were targeted at the soul.
The woman in green slowly walked towards the one-eyed man and asked with cold eyes “Who gave you the Soul Determining Bead? Who is the traitor of our Soul Demon Sect?”