“Sir, sit here for a moment, I’ll go ask the manager right away ……”
Seeing the card in Chen Ping’s hand, the staff’s attitude suddenly changed 180 degrees.
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded and sat aside to rest while the staff member hurriedly went to ask for the manager!
This made Li Dongmei a little baffled, not understanding why this bank staff member was suddenly so polite to Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, do you really have ten million dollars?”
Seeing that staff member’s sudden change in attitude, Li Dongmei asked Chen Ping with some confusion.
“What business is it of yours?” Chen Ping smiled coldly!
“Chen Ping, let me tell you, it is illegal to forge financial instruments, you are a reformed prisoner, how can you have 10 million, don’t think I don’t know, your family is still living inside the old neighborhood, your father is now sweeping the streets for people, how can you have 10 million …… ”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of how much money you have.
The fact that Chen Ping had just gotten out of jail, there was no way he could have earned $10 million in a few days!
She felt that Chen Ping must have said that because he was pretending in front of her on purpose, for her own sake!
The other customers inside the bank, hearing Li Dongmei’s words, also looked at Chen Ping with curiosity, these days it was all about withdrawing money with the card, one would know if there was any money in the card, no one would really be stupid enough to forge a bank card!
Not long after, the bank staff who had just left came over with a middle-aged man wearing gla*ses and in a bit of a hurry!
“Hello sir, I am the manager of this bank, how can I help you?”
The middle-aged man walked up to Chen Ping and asked politely.
“I want to withdraw one million three hundred thousand dollars, but I don’t have an appointment, can I take it out?”
Chen Ping said and handed the card to that bank manager!
The bank manager’s face also changed slightly after seeing the bank card, “Yes, sir, you don’t need to make an appointment, only that we don’t have that much cash right now, I’ll send someone to send the cash over from somewhere else right away, sir, let’s take a break in my office first!”
Chen Ping nodded and got up, ready to go to his office and wait!
Seeing this, Li Dongmei was directly dumbfounded and went forward to stop that bank manager and said, “What’s wrong with this bank of yours? Why can you withdraw money without an appointment? He’s just a reformed prisoner, so you didn’t even check if he had any money on his card before you agreed? If so, I want to withdraw a million now too ……”
Li Dongmei roared furiously, and then turned to her boyfriend, “Honey, we want to withdraw a million too ……”
Li Dongmei’s boyfriend came over, swept a glance at Chen Ping, and then also took out a bank card and handed it to the bank manager: “I also have 10 million in this card, I want to withdraw a million now too ……”
The bank manager didn’t even look at it and said indifferently, “You can’t withdraw it without an appointment ……”
This one sentence, can make Li Dongmei angry, this is simply a double standard scene, Chen Ping’s card has ten million dollars, can withdraw the money directly without making an appointment, their card also has ten million dollars, but they need to make an appointment!
“What kind of crappy bank are you guys? I want to complain to you, why does he get to withdraw without an appointment and we have to make one? We have $10 million on our card too, can’t you hear?”
Li Dongmei growled at the bank manager!
“This gentleman is our bank’s supreme VIP, so he doesn’t need to make an appointment, while you are just ordinary customers, there is no comparison ……”
The bank manager said nonchalantly!
Li Dongmei’s lungs were about to explode and her eyes glared: “He is your Supreme VIP? Are you mistaken, he is just a reformed prisoner, just released ……”