Outside the Ye family!
Sheng Jiahui had already lurked quietly with the Sheng family’s!
Bai Shao, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the rest of them were also there!
Now they were waiting for Chen Ping to send out a message and launch an attack!
As long as the Ye family was in chaos, Chen Ping would have a chance to save Sheng Bushi from the Ye family!
However, after waiting for a full day, they did not see Chen Ping and Sheng Tiantai send out a message, with not seeing the two of them come out!
“Uncle Long, do you think Second Uncle will betray Mr Chen?”
Sheng Jiahui was very worried about Chen Ping!
After all, Sheng Tiantai was bent on joining the Demon Sealing Alliance, if this guy really betrayed Chen Ping, then Chen Ping would be in danger!
“I don’t think so, he was held by Mr Chen, does he not want to die too?”
Long Bo actually didn’t have a plan in his heart, he couldn’t see through this Sheng Tiantai either!
As for Ji Yun on the side, as well as Bai Qian, they were also a little anxious at the moment!
It’s been a day and there’s no movement, this is a bit abnormal ah!
“Mr Chen is fine, although there has been no movement for a day, but there is no scent of a fight within the Ye family, even if the Ye family recognises Mr Chen’s identity, it is unlikely that Mr Chen will be caught with his hands tied.”
Seeing that Ji Yun and the others were all very worried, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder persuaded!
“Then we’ll wait for a while, if there’s no news by early tomorrow morning, then we’ll have to rush in.”
Bai Shallow said full of worry!
At this moment, Bai Shallow had long since stopped treating Chen Ping as a trading object!
Every bond that followed Chen Ping, Bai Shallow was invested emotionally and physically and mentally, it was no longer like in the beginning when it was only for the purpose of fusing bloodlines!
It was only that Chen Ping himself did not know that Bai Shallow was already emotionally attached to him!
Time passed minute by minute!
The formation that Chen Ping and the others were cracking was also slowly disappearing!
In fact, it was only Chen Ping himself who was cracking the formation, Sheng Bushi and Sheng Tiantai were just spectators!
After a day and a night, the formation was finally broken!
The moment the formation was broken, the entire Ye family was directly wrapped in a subtle aura!
Immediately after that, the water within the Holy Pool also began to boil, bubbling up one by one!
The colour also changed from dark green to clear, except that the clear holy pool could not see anything underwater either, as if there was something blocking the line of sight!
The Ye family members also sensed the difference and rushed out from their rooms!
Ye Liancheng looked in the direction of the holy pool, and even more so, his face was overflowing with excitement!
“Hahahaha, broken, the formation is broken ……”
Ye Liancheng laughed out loud as his body leapt up and instantly disappeared!
When Ye Liancheng appeared in the Holy Pool and looked at the changes in the Holy Pool, the whole person almost jumped up in excitement!
“Ye family master, the formation has been broken ……”
Sheng Tiantai stepped forward and said to Ye Liancheng!
“Good, good, good, worthy of being the Sheng family, worthy of being the most proficient family in the entire Southern Region in terms of arts and techniques ah.”
“Breaking the formation in such a short time is so unexpected!”
Ye Liancheng complimented Sheng Tiantai!
“Ye family master, the formation has been broken, do you think it’s possible to release my elder brother and nephew back to the Sheng family?”
Sheng Tiantai asked with some impatience!
As long as Sheng Bushi and Sheng Jiayue returned to the Sheng family, he himself would only be considered safe, otherwise, with the toxin on his body all the time, he might not be able to get a seizure at any time, and Sheng Tiantai was always panicking!
“Second Master Sheng don’t be anxious, I have said, as long as the formation is broken, not only will they be released to go back, they will also prepare a generous gift for your Sheng family.”
Ye Liancheng persuaded Sheng Tiantai not to be anxious, then turned to the Ye family’s Grand Elder and said “Grand Elder, go and invite the young master here, hurry up ……”
The Grand Elder nodded and turned to leave!
Not too long after, the Grand Elder brought a person, except that the person was wrapped in a black cloth bag, so he couldn’t see his face at all!
“Feng’er, the Holy Pool’s formation has been broken, you can dip inside the Holy Pool as much as you want, when that time comes, the bloodline in your body will be remodelled, and you won’t have to live in the darkness.”
Ye Liancheng said with great excitement!