“Great General, the Demon Emperor is looking for you ……”
The guard said to Huben!
When Huben heard this, his face changed slightly, he seemed to have guessed why the Ikh Demon Emperor was looking for him!
When Princess Isha had left, she had said that she would report this matter to the Ichthus Demon Emperor!
Huben followed the guards towards the palace!
When he arrived at the palace, he found that the Ikh Demon Emperor was full of anger and Princess Isha was standing by the Ikh Demon Emperor’s side!
“Demon Emperor, you are looking for me ……”
Huben lowered his head and asked in a soft voice!
“Huben, let me ask you, did you just make a move on Mr. Chen?”
The Ikh Demon Emperor questioned!
“Yes!” Huben didn’t dare to lie!
After all, with so many people watching, there was no way to lie, and if no one was watching, Princess Isha wouldn’t have come to the door so quickly!
“How dare you, don’t you know the rules of my Imperial City? You are the great general of the guards, and you are blatantly disobeying them!”
The Ikh Demon Emperor viciously slapped the table and roared!
Huben trembled with fear, then hurriedly fell to his knees!
“Demon Emperor, that Chen Ping is bullying and oppressing the people of my imperial city, and as the great general of the guards, that’s why I took action.”
Huben had actually followed what Knight Star had told him and had come to lie to Demon Emperor Yih!
When the Ikh Demon Emperor heard this, he was furious!
He had to know that Chen Ping was the Lord of the Heavenly Dragon Hall and that the entire Demon Emperor City belonged to Chen Ping, so how could Chen Ping bully his own people!
“Huben, how dare you, how dare you lie to me.”
“I’m telling you, from now on, you must honestly obey Mr. Chen, and you must listen to whatever he says!”
“This time, remembering that you are a first offender, you will be punished to guard the city gate for ten days, if you dare to disrespect Mr. Chen again, I will kill you ……”
Ikh Demon Emperor said angrily looking at Huben!
He, the demon emperor, had to do whatever Chen Ping said, but Huben, a great general of the guards, still made a move against Chen Ping, he was simply looking for death!
At this moment, Huben was not convinced, but he did not dare to show it in front of Emperor Yih’s face, so he could only nod his head and say, “As ordered!”
“All right, go down ……”
The demon emperor waved his hand!
After walking out of the palace, Huben slowly raised his head, his eyes filled with a ruthless look!
Huben walked down the street with a cold face, extremely angry inside!
He didn’t understand why the Ichthus Demon Emperor would treat Chen Ping so well, so respectful of a human of mediocre strength!
One must know that he was a great general of guards, guarding the Demon Emperor City for many years, and if it wasn’t for him, the Demon Emperor City wouldn’t know how many attacks it had been under!
But now, he was even worse than a tiny human!
The more he thought about it, the angrier Huben became, and in the end, he actually walked towards Li Xing’s residence!
Li Xing was drinking tea and when he saw Huben coming, he got up to welcome him!
“Brother Huben, please come in ……”
“This is the good tea I made, try it ……”
Li Xing lowered his posture and poured a cup of tea for Huben!
The first time I saw you, I was able to get to the bottom of it, and then I looked at Li Xing and said, “Prince Li Xing, when you said that you were going to pay homage to me, did you really mean it?”
“Brother Huben, of course I am sincere, don’t you believe me?”
Li Xing asked in return!
“Of course I believe it, since Prince Knight Star looks up to me, then I will follow Prince Knight Star and I am willing to listen to Prince Knight Star’s arrangements when the time comes!”
Huben gritted his teeth and seemed to make up his mind!
“Brother Huben, that’s really great, let’s make obeisance right away ……”
Li Xing ordered someone to prepare a joss stick, and then followed Huben and started to make the knot!
After the ceremony, Huben looked at Li Xing and said “Prince Li Xing …………”
“Brother Huben, you and I have already tied the knot, and you still call me that, isn’t it too much to ask, just call me brother.”
The first thing you need to do is to call me a brother!
“Brother, since you and I have already tied the knot, in the future, if you have any matters in Demon Emperor City, just look for me.”
Huben said as he looked at Knight Star with gratitude!
“Brother Huben, as a matter of urgency, the two of us need to find a way to get rid of that Chen Ping, since it’s not good to do it inside the Imperial City, then we’ll lure him out.”
Li Xing’s eyes twinkled, then he followed Huben and conspired!