When Chen Ping heard this, he was immediately interested, he did not know that there was such a map in the world?
Could it be that that map was just like a radar that could scan the surrounding environment?
“Vice-Patriarch Song, can you take me to see that map?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Good!” Song Qingping nodded, this time without hesitation!
Since he had chosen to tell Chen Ping, he was prepared to give Chen Ping the whole story.
Song Qingping led Chen Ping towards the back of the main hall, but that Demon Spirit Sect Patriarch had not moved a muscle and was not speaking either.
This made Chen Ping feel a little surprised, for such an important matter, Song Qingping, a vice-patriarch, was making the decision, but the patriarch did not have any opinion?
As he pa*sed by the Demon Spirit Patriarch, Chen Ping couldn’t help but look at him a few more times, but other than the fact that he couldn’t feel any aura on this Patriarch, he didn’t see anything wrong!
Chen Ping followed Song Qingping to a secret room, only to see that the size of the room was huge, more than a hundred square feet.
On one of the walls of the chamber, a very fine map was drawn, and even the flowers and plants on the map were vivid!
If you didn’t look carefully, you would have thought it was a big screen playing a picture!
Chen Ping looked at it and found that although the map was large, the area drawn on it was not very large, only a few hundred miles around South Lake City was drawn on it.
“You guys are relying on this map to obtain resources?”
Chen Ping was amazed, and couldn’t see anything special about this map!
“Not bad, as long as there are precious medicinal herbs over a thousand years old appearing around here, the location will be displayed here immediately.”
Song Qingping nodded and said.
“That’s really strange!” Chen Ping looked carefully again and even touched it with his hand, but he didn’t find anything special.
“Then won’t you guys clash with that Zheng family when you go to seize the resources? After all, this is the Deng family’s territory?”
Chen Ping was puzzled, as the Demon Spirit Sect was such a big sect, it must have acquired a lot of resources, did no one from the Deng Family stop it?
One should know that these resources were extremely valuable to anyone.
“There were very few conflicts, because we were able to obtain the location of the resources first and then send someone to fetch them, the South Lake Zheng Clan didn’t even know about it.”
“Even if they got the news, by the time they were there, we would have already fetched the resources.”
Song Qingping explained.
When Chen Ping heard that, he also thought it was reasonable, after all, if the Demon Spirit Sect had such a map, it was like having a radar, how could others follow the Demon Spirit Sect to compare ah!
“No matter how you got the resources, I can’t just rely on you guys to open your mouths and give you the Blood Demon’s flesh.”
“I always have to get some benefits to do so, right?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Song Qingping.
“No problem, according to past patterns, there will definitely be a big resource appearing during this recent period of time, no matter how precious the herb is that appears this time, we will give it to Mr. Chen, what do you think?”
Song Qingping asked.
“Good, if I feel it is appropriate, I will give you the Blood Demon Flesh!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Anyway, this Blood Demon Flesh Body had no other use on him than as a shield.
The main thing was that Chen Ping also wanted to use the Demon Spirit Sect to get Su Yuqi out!
After Su Yuqi had been imprisoned for so long, Chen Ping had long been anxious.
It was just that he had tried many times without success.
Leaving from the secret room, Song Qingping called Zhou Jie over and asked her to accompany Chen Ping during this time.
After Zhou Jia followed Chen Ping, Song Qingping, who originally had a smile on his face, instantly turned his face cold!
“Do you think that he will really believe you and give you the Blood Demon’s flesh?”
At that moment, from the back of the great hall, a man covered in black robes walked out and asked Song Qingping!