“The Devil …… Lord Demon Amba*sador?”
Ning Zhi was only black and bronze robed at the time, and a man of his level would not have been qualified to meet a great figure like the Demon Amba*sador.
Now, he didn’t expect the Demon Envoy’s soul to have entered his body!
This meant that he instantly had the status of a devil amba*sador, and all the black-robed people would have to listen to him.
“Kid, be good and obedient in the future, and I will make you stronger ……”
The spirit said indifferently.
“Yes!”
A brilliant light emerged in Ning Zhi’s eyes, and the corners of his mouth raised a cold smile, “Chen Ping, you wait for me ……”
…………
Dragon Gate!
Chen Ping was summoning the crowd to a meeting, this was the first time Chen Ping had ever met since the Dragon Sect was established!
As the temporary grand steward of the Dragon Sect, Long Wu had managed everything for the Dragon Sect after Long Xingxu had gone to Penglai Island.
“Uncle Long, you said that the Martial Alliance had restored all the buildings again in three days?”
Chen Ping asked to Long Wu.
“Yes, three days, those buildings of the Martial Dao Alliance, it was as if they had appeared out of thin air, and they were even more magnificent than before!”
“And this time there are seven people of late Martial Marquis strength sitting within the Martial Dao Alliance.”
“Some Martial Marquises and even more Martial Sects are countless ……”
“According to reason, you destroyed the Martial Dao Alliance last time and killed so many experts of the Martial Dao Alliance, how could so many appear again at once?”
“Could it really be that these people are all in some secret realm as that Fan Jiang said?
Long Wu was amazed, as he never knew anything about secret realms.
Chen Ping pondered slightly, it looked like the Martial Alliance was really much more powerful than he had imagined, and he wondered just how many more experts were in this Martial Alliance secret realm?
The ones that appeared now were only Great Martial Marquis, and as for the Martial Saint level, it was estimated that the hunchbacked old man could be, only Chen Ping was not sure!
After all, at that time, the Blood Demon was around and had knocked that hunchbacked old man away with two slaps, so Chen Ping was not too sure about the hunchbacked old man’s true strength!
Now that the Martial Saint Artifact was gone and the time to control the Blood Demon was up, in the face of seven late stage Grand Martial Marquis experts, Chen Ping didn’t know if he was sure!
Originally, Chen Ping thought that with the destruction of the Martial Alliance, all he had to do was enter the dungeon, find a way to open the door of the cell, and rescue Su Yuqi!
However, he did not expect the Martial Alliance to recover within three days and once again send so many experts.
This had caused Chen Ping to be very pa*sive, and he was at a loss for words!
Although the current Dragon Sect seemed powerful, it had just been established after all, and there weren’t many truly powerful experts!
In a battle between the Great Martial Marquis, it was estimated that only Ge Yuhan, Hu Ma Zi could help a little.
The others weren’t strong enough to follow a late stage Grand Martial Marquis in a fight!
“Mr. Chen, even if you face seven late Great Martial Marquis experts, you don’t necessarily have no chance of winning, have you forgotten that you still have one more thing?”
At this moment, Fan Jiang walked in and said.
“What is it?” Chen Ping said in a daze.
“That Blood Demon!” Fan Jiang said.
“But that Blood Demon is no longer under my control, what else can I do?”
Chen Ping said with some discouragement when he heard that.
“Mr. Chen, although that Blood Demon is no longer under your control, using his flesh body as a shield is still very good. You should know that that Blood Demon’s flesh body is so strong that even a Martial Saint weapon has no way to break through it, so what are a few Great Martial Marquis ……”
Fan Jiang explained.
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly lit up, “Right, why did I forget this usage ……”
Using the Blood Devil’s flesh as a shield, if the Blood Devil were alive, he would probably be furious!
This time, Chen Ping had some bottom in his heart, when the time came, after calling on Ge Yuhan and Hu Ma Zi to help, it was not impossible to deal with seven Great Martial Marquis!