Chen Ping, this second rank of the Harmony Realm, was completely pretending to be a pig eating a tiger when he went up there, even if he was a fifth rank of the Harmony Realm cultivator, Chen Ping didn’t even put it in his eyes, let alone this third rank of the Harmony Realm cultivator!
“Let me teach you a few moves ……”
After Chen Ping got on the stage, he arched his hand towards that Gao Qijie and said!
Gao Qijie looked at Chen Ping and then said with some disdain “Buddy, was it you who just secretly struck that tile jar?”
“What do you think?”
Chen Ping didn’t admit or deny it, so he let Gao Qijie guess!
“I guess it wasn’t you either, a mere second grade realm of the Combined Body Realm, there is no way you could have saved that tile jar, but with this strength, you also dare to challenge on stage, not afraid of death?”
Gao Qijie was a bit confused, how could a man of Chen Ping’s strength dare to go up to the stage, just now he had shown his strength, even Wajang, a third rank of the Harmony Realm, did not have the strength to fight back, how did Chen Ping, a second rank of the Harmony Realm, dare to come up?
“I’m afraid of death, I’m just too poor and want to earn some money ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Hehe, what a laugh, coming up to this ring to earn some money, do you think that with your strength, you can beat me and take that bet away?”
Gao Qijie was amused by Chen Ping!
“I don’t know, but that bet was so tempting that I just couldn’t resist.”
“Or else this way, you admit defeat yourself and step down, I’ll take those money and resources away, and the two of us won’t fight anymore.”
“I’m afraid of striking lightly and hurting you ……”
Chen Ping asked with a deliberate look on his face!
Chen Ping’s words caused Gao Qijie to freeze for a while before he responded, “Kid, what the f*ck are you talking about? Hurt me?”
“Even with my hands behind my back, I can still kick you to death, do you believe me?”
“Don’t believe it!” Chen Ping shook his head!
“Since you don’t believe me, I’ll let you see it ……”
Gao Qijie said and was about to make a move, but was stopped by Chen Ping.
“Wait, let’s make a deal, you put your hands behind your back, if you can’t beat me, you’ll be considered a loser.”
Chen Ping said to Gao Qijie!
“No problem, if I use only my two feet and fail to knock you down, it’s counted as my loss.”
Gao Qijie had a confident face.
As a direct descendant of the Gao family and a third ranked cultivator of the Harmony realm, if he couldn’t even clean up a second ranked cultivator of the Harmony realm, then when he returned to the Gao family, he would definitely be scolded.
“Alright then, you do it!” Chen Ping beckoned!
Gao Qijie put his hands behind his back and kicked towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping saw Gao Qijie’s kick coming and hurriedly dodged backwards!
Gao Qijie’s kick was close to Chen Ping’s chest and if Chen Ping had been a minute slower, he would have been hit!
At this point Chen Ping was acting a little panicked, as if he had dodged the kick by luck!
Gao Qijie saw that the kick had missed, so he kicked out again!
Chen Ping dodges again.
Gao Qijie froze, then his feet were like wheels of wind and fire as he replaced them with kicks towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked very distressed and dodged desperately, falling on the stage in the process, causing the crowd to burst into laughter!
Gao Qijie was getting a bit anxious at the moment, he had kicked so many times, but he hadn’t landed a single kick!
Every time, Chen Ping managed to dodge it in a shocking manner!
“Damn it, I don’t believe it ……”
Gao Qijie fiercely stomped his foot, an icy cold aura instantly spread across the ring, he was planning to use this method to slow down Chen Ping’s dodging speed!
Chen Ping looked at the frost that kept spreading, the corners of his mouth couldn’t help but raise, disdain showing in his eyes!
Chen Ping condensed the fire in his body onto his feet, and then quietly waited for the frost to arrive!
Soon, the frost spread down the ring to Chen Ping’s feet, but Chen Ping didn’t move a muscle!
When Gao Qijie saw this, the corners of his mouth lifted up in a smile, as long as Chen Ping’s feet were frozen by the frost, he would not be able to move, and then he could kick him to death!