“The strength of a Grand Master and you dare to come to the tournament, I don’t know whether to admire your courage or to remind you ……”
Anna looked at Chen Ping and shook her head slightly, then turned her head to the strong man behind her and said, “Andrew, if you come across this Chen Ping in the ring later, let him have a few moves, point by point, I don’t want to have an accident that hurts someone, you know our Brother Xiong and the Great Xia country are friendly neighbours …… ”
“Princess Anna don’t worry, if I run into this Daxia’s skinny monkey, I won’t make a move is all ……”
Andrew said with contempt on his face.
“Watch your words!” Princess Anna yelled softly at that Andrew.
Andrew stopped talking, but his eyes still held contempt, because he simply despised this Chen Ping who was a head shorter than him.
Chen Ping didn’t care either, if he had the strength, he would know in the ring, there was no point in fighting.
At this moment, Chen Ping felt a divine sense suddenly enveloping his body, and Chen Ping instantly followed that divine sense to see.
Not far away, a man dressed in a kimono and holding a long sword in his arms was looking at himself with dead eyes.
“Mr. Chen, that is Ichiro Watanabe who is known as the Island Sword Saint ……”
Zhao Wuji followed Chen Ping and introduced him.
That Watanabe Ichiro, after probing Chen Ping with his divine sense for a while, directly withdrew it, his eyes indifferent in not looking at this side, probably he felt that Chen Ping’s strength was only that of a Grand Master and instantly lost his interest.
“Andrew, if you were to face this Watanabe Ichiro, would you have the certainty of winning?”
Anna asked as she turned to Andrew.
“Princess Anna, this Watanabe Ichiro relies on his stance and swordplay, my current body is almost invulnerable to swords and spears, that Watanabe Ichiro will definitely lose if he meets me ……”
Andrew said very proudly.
“That’s good!” Princess Anna nodded her head.
Soon, a host dressed in a practice uniform and holding a microphone stepped into the ring.
“Gentlemen, today is the triennial international tournament, the purpose of our tournament is to allow countries to exchange their martial arts experience, point by point, it is best not to hurt anyone, in addition this year, at the suggestion of the island delegation, an extra team competition has been added to the tournament this time!”
“The rules of the team competition are very simple, that is we will put each team on a small island, we put a night pearl on the island, that team is the first to get the night pearl and return safely, that is the winner. ”
“Other teams can grab the Night Pearl, there are no other binding rules, no matter how they got it, as long as they can get it back they are considered winners.”
“However, we are still talking about friendship first and competition second, it is best to avoid casualty situations and intentional killings, which are condemned.”
As soon as the moderator’s words fell, everyone in the field again felt surprised and shocked.
The sudden addition of a team competition and such a competition rule, although it was said that intentional killing was not allowed, but such a team competition process was clearly designed to allow teams to kill each other.
And this was proposed by the island nation, obviously the island nation guys had planned this, and they have Ichiro Watanabe leading the team this time, it looks like they want to kill all the other teams!
“The representatives of each country will now be invited to the stage to draw lots, and then the matches will be decided according to the draw!”
After the host finished speaking, the representatives of each country walked up to the stage.
Chen Ping followed Andrew onto the stage, and the difference in stature between the two men instantly caused many of the surrounding audience to laugh.
“So this is that Chen Ping, he looks so ordinary?”
“Such an ordinary guy, how could he ask the Martial Arts Union and the Dragon Family to protect him?”
“This guy looks like he’s only a Grand Master, how dare he go on stage?”
Many people, talking about Chen Ping, were all full of interest in him.