When Ning Zhi saw this, he instantly understood that this Lion and Tiger Beast seemed to have a geographical restriction, and couldn’t get out of this area, otherwise it wouldn’t have stopped every time it chased after this place!
Thinking of this, Ning Zhi’s heart relaxed, while that Ning Caixin had long since turned pale and scared out of his wits at this moment.
After roaring twice, the Lion-Tiger Beast directly retreated back!
Ning Zhi’s heart was unwilling, he had not been able to kill Chen Ping on the spot, but now that Chen Ping was frozen, that Lion and Tiger Beast went back, and Chen Ping would definitely not be able to live!
Although he could not kill Chen Ping handily, it was still revenge!
Thinking of this, Ning Zhi was inwardly excited!
“Bring that kung fu and take a look ……”
Ning Zhi said!
Ning Caichen nodded and handed Ning Zhi the jade slip of that Dao’s Kung Fu!
Ning Zhi took the kungfu jade slip, then a breath was struck into it!
However, the jade slip was unresponsive, and Ning Zhi couldn’t even see the contents of the jade slip!
Ning Zhi frowned and once again injected a spiritual energy, but there was still no response from the merit jade slip!
“Could it be a wasted technique?”
Ning Zhi said with a face full of doubt!
“Old Ancestor, what’s the situation?” Ning Caichen asked!
“There’s no way to open this gongfu jade slip, I can’t see what’s inside ……”
Ning Zhi said!
“Old Ancestor, let me try!” Ning Caichen finished speaking and also punched in a spiritual force, but the merit jade slip also did not respond!
Ning Caichen froze and said casually, “Could it be that this jade slip needs to be opened by a demon? After all, here are all the evil spirits, perhaps this is the devil’s merit jade slip, our human cultivator’s spiritual power can not be opened.”
Ning Caichen’s words instantly made Ning Zhi’s eyes light up!
This crack was filled with Dao Fury, which meant that this gongfu was most likely a demonic gongfu, and since it was a demonic gongfu, it would need to be opened with the demonic Fury!
But in front of Ning Caichen, Ning Zhi couldn’t directly cast the baneful qi, then his identity would be completely exposed!
Although Chen Ping was dead, Ning Zhi couldn’t expose himself yet, after all, this was the Celestial Realm, he wasn’t fully recovered right now, and being an old ancestor in the Ning Family was quite good!
Food and clothing were not a worry, and there were people to collect all sorts of resources for, just like the emperor, Ning Zhi didn’t want to be recognised for who he was so quickly!
“You stand guard here, wait and see if that lion and tiger beast will make any other movements, I’ll think of a way to open the gongfu, if the gongfu can’t be opened, those sons and daughters of our Ning family died in vain.”
Ning Zhi said to Ning Caichen!
Ning Caichen nodded, for the words of his own ancestor, Ning Caichen wouldn’t dare to have any rebuttal!
Only to see Ning Zhi leaping up with the jade slip of the gongfu, his entire body suspended in mid-air, in the midst of that thick Dao Fury Qi!
At this moment, Ning Zhi, directly let go of himself, with a hideous smile on his face, then greedily absorbed the surrounding Fatal Qi!
Afterwards, a bolt of baleful qi was struck into the merit jade slip, and that merit jade slip indeed began to slowly emit a glow!
However, Ning Zhi didn’t have much Fury Qi in his body, so even though the jade slip was reacting, he couldn’t see the content inside, so Ning Zhi could only put away the jade slip and desperately absorb the surrounding Fury Qi!
On the other hand, the Lion-Tiger Beast roared angrily, the guard’s gongfu was taken away, the Lion-Tiger Beast was furious, roaring as it used its claws to smash one of the frozen up people!
Just as that Lion and Tiger Beast came in front of Chen Ping, a claw ready to slap down, a golden light suddenly erupted from within Chen Ping’s body!
The golden light shot out in all directions, instantly fusing the cold ice that Chen Ping had frozen, while that Lion and Tiger Beast, sensing this golden light, showed panic in its eyes and kept retreating backwards!
Only to see that in front of Chen Ping, that Spirit Beast Egg came out from Chen Ping’s storage ring by itself and emitted a golden light!
Chen Ping also slowly opened his eyes and looked at the Spirit Beast Egg in front of him that was emitting golden light, his eyes were filled with surprise!