After all, there was no way for Qi Jia Town’s strength to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance, and if the Demon Sealing Alliance found that relic, there would definitely be nothing left for him, Qi Jia Town!
However, if he did not seek the help of the Demon Sealing Alliance, with the strength of the Qi Family Town, it would be impossible for him to find Chen Ping to take revenge!
Qi Yuankun was caught in a dilemma for a while!
After pondering for a long time, Qi Yuankun then spoke, “Go find the Demon Sealing Alliance, let’s not look for the entrance to that relic for the time being!”
“Master, if the visions from a while ago were really that relic or an extra-terrestrial master showing up, then we won’t be able to keep the secrets of Qi Jia Town.”
The butler still wanted to persuade Qi Yuankun!
“If I tell you to go, you go, where so much nonsense, let the Demon Sealing Alliance send some experts over, our Qi Jia Town is also considered a member of the Demon Sealing Alliance, the Demon Sealing Alliance can’t just see death and save it!”
Qi Yuankun got a little angry and yelled at the housekeeper!
Seeing this, the butler could only helplessly turn around and leave!
Qi Yuankun, on the other hand, had anger rising in his eyes, there was no way he wouldn’t take revenge for killing his son!
…………
Zhu Jia Town!
Chen Ping had healed Zhu Yuanji after getting all the resources of Zhu Family Town!
During this time, Zhu Qingxiu also slowly recovered on her own!
And he had also inquired about the whereabouts of the Divine Muscle Grass!
“Mr Chen, thank you so much, if it wasn’t for you, this old life of mine would probably be over!”
After Zhu Yuanji recovered, he was grateful to Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, we can’t repay your great kindness, all the resources of Zhu Jia Town are here, we can’t pay you anything in return.”
“But don’t worry, if I return to Xiao Dynasty and really get together with Ah Feng, I will absolutely repay you!”
Zhu Qingyue said as she looked at Chen Ping gratefully!
Right now, there was nothing left in the Zhu Family Town that could thank Chen Ping for, Zhu Qing Yue could only wait until she answered Xiao Imperial Dynasty and really became the Imperial Consort of Xiao Imperial Dynasty, then she would be able to repay Chen Ping!
“You guys don’t have to be so polite, I’m just lifting my hand, and I’ve utilised a lot of these resources in Zhu Jia Town myself, even if it’s a reward!”
Chen Ping said with some embarrassment!
In fact, Chen Ping had also used quite a few of these resources of the Zhu Family Town to recover his body, otherwise he would not have been able to heal Zhu Yuanji!
He had followed Ning Zhi in the great battle, he had indeed consumed a great deal and had to recover before he could do so!
“Mr Chen, I have inquired about the whereabouts of the Divine Muscle Grass, someone said that there is this Divine Muscle Grass in that Germanium Lu Mountain!”
Zhu Qingxiu said after Chen Ping!
“Germanium Lu Mountain?”Chen Ping was slightly stunned, then said, “Then we can go to the Germanium Lu Mountain to pick some of this immortal grass, as long as there is this immortal grass, I can heal you one hundred per cent.”
“Great, I’ll accompany Mr Chen to Germanium Locust Mountain to pick the Divine Muscle Grass right now!”
Zhu Qingxiu said with a face full of excitement!
“No, you can’t go ……”
At this moment, Zhu Yuanji hurriedly stopped it!
“Father, what’s wrong?”Zhu Qingxiu looked at Zhu Yuanji in confusion and asked!
“Germanium Lu Mountain has not been peaceful lately, some time ago there was a vision in Germanium Lu Mountain, a spiritual light flickered and there were even people who heard a strange noise, I’m afraid that the legend is true.”
Zhu Yuanji said!
“Legend? What legend?”
Zhu Qingxiu’s face was filled with doubt!
Chen Ping was also instantly interested, perking up his ears and listening carefully, wanting to hear what the legend was!
“Legend has it that there is another world in the area of Germanium Lushan Mountain, which is inhabited by a lot of extra-territorial high achievers with great strength.”
“The reason why we have so few experts in the Eastern Domain is because they were all taken into that world.”
“But these are all just legends and have not been confirmed ……”
“But a period of worlds ago, when a vision appeared in the Germanium Locust Mountain, the people thought of this legend, so it’s better for you guys not to go to the Germanium Locust Mountain, so that you don’t really encounter any danger!”
Zhu Yuanji advised!