Two Martial Marquises, battling each other in such a confined space, emitted an aftershock that was not something these people could withstand.
Chen Ping’s body took several steps backwards, while Zhu Zhishan’s face turned ugly even though he did not move at all.
Although Zhu Zhishan had stepped into the Martial Marquis realm long ago, and his strength was even greater than Chen Ping’s, that punch just now made him feel a little more comfortable in his heart.
It was because he had truly felt the threat of death from the power of that punch just now.
He could tell that this fellow Chen Ping had come to fight for his life.
As the saying goes, a soft man fears a hard man, and a hard man fears a desperate man.
If Chen Ping’s tendons gave out and he blew himself up, he would not be able to survive even if he had three heads and six arms.
“Chen Ping, don’t dare to do whatever you want in our Martial Union just because you have Mr. Shi’s backing, if you really force me, I will dare to kill you just the same!”
Zhu Zhishan threatened at Chen Ping.
“Cut the f*cking crap, either let my girlfriend go or die ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were scarlet, and his killing intent kept surging.
If he really killed Chen Ping, there was no way to explain to Mr. Shi.
But if Chen Ping was left to fend for himself, he was afraid that Chen Ping would explode and die.
After a moment of contemplation, Zhu Zhishan said, “Alright, you wait, I’ll go and bring your girlfriend ……”
Chen Ping frowned at Zhu Zhishan, he also did not expect that this Zhu Zhishan would agree so quickly.
It looked like there must be a fraud in it, but even if he knew there was a fraud, Chen Ping could only agree!
“Five minutes, and I won’t see my girlfriend, I’ll kill everyone from the Martial Alliance ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Don’t worry, it won’t take five minutes ……”
The corners of Zhu Zhishan’s mouth lifted slightly, then he turned around and walked towards the depths of the Martial Dao Alliance.
After pa*sing through a door, the corner of Zhu Zhishan’s mouth showed a smile, then opened a secret door and four people wearing white power suits and looking exactly the same appeared.
“You four, go and kill that guy in the hall, move fast ……”
Zhu Zhishan said to the four men.
“Don’t worry, Master Zhu!”
The four nodded their heads at the same time.
Seeing the four people heading towards the hall, Zhu Zhishan’s body flashed and directly jumped out of the Martial Alliance, then disappeared into the distance.
He was trying to kill someone with a sword, allowing these four men to kill Chen Ping while he was no longer within the Martial Dao Alliance.
This way, even if Mr. Shi pursued him, he would have an excuse to stall.
Let’s say that Chen Ping had trespa*sed into the Martial Alliance to kill someone and was killed by the Martial Alliance’s people joining forces, while he was not within the Martial Alliance, so it had nothing to do with him in the slightest.
Zhu Zhishan’s idea was a good one, and he was confident that those four men would definitely be able to kill Chen Ping.
These four men had been found by Zhu Zhishan, using tokens, from the deep mountains. All four were at the Martial Marquis realm and could only hide because they were evil cultivators.
Chen Ping waited for Zhu Zhishan in the hall, he did not know yet that Zhu Zhishan had already run away.
A few minutes later, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and his eyes instantly looked deep into the Martial Alliance!
Only to see several terrifying auras coming directly towards him, several auras that finally merged together like a rapid-fire cannonball!
Seeing this, Chen Ping swung out with a fierce punch.
The terrifying power of the divine Dragon also rushed out and followed that power as it ruthlessly clashed into each other.
Boom!
A huge boom exploded, and the terrifying force scattered in all directions. If not for the protection of the spell formation, the building of this Martial Alliance would have collapsed several times.
Chen Ping’s body was shaken back, and then his face was grim as he looked deep into the Martial Dao Alliance!
“At such a young age, you have already reached the Martial Marquis realm, you are truly gifted, but a mere Martial Marquis, you dare to barge into the Martial Dao Alliance alone?”
As a voice came out, immediately afterwards four people dressed in white strong suits appeared in front of Chen Ping.