After breaking open Zhao Liguo’s mouth, Chen Ping stuffed the Heavenly Returning Pill into it, followed by a slight press on Zhao Liguo’s stomach, and that Heavenly Returning Pill went directly into Zhao Liguo’s body.
Soon, Zhao Liguo’s ghastly white face had a hint of redness, and the beating of his heart could be seen, but Zhao Liguo did not wake up, but his eyes were tightly closed.
Zhao broke in and saw the change in his father’s condition, he jumped on him with excitement, feeling his father’s breath, Zhao broke in with excitement: “Dad, Dad, wake up, wake up and look at me. ……”
However, no matter how much Zhao Beng shouted, Zhao Liguo did not respond at all, only the beating of his heart, indicating that Zhao Liguo was still alive.
“Brother Chen, my father is ……”
Zhao Barging looked at Chen Ping in disbelief.
“After taking the Heaven Returning Pill, it will take seventy-seven to forty-nine hours to wake up, during this time you must guard your father ……”
Chen Ping explained.
“Thank you big brother Chen ……”
Zhao Beng nodded, his face full of gratitude.
If Zhao Liguo had died, then this Shadowless Villa would have fallen into ruin, and with this skill of Zhao Barging, he would not be able to afford to run such a large Villa.
Chen Ping gave Zhao Beng a few more words of advice before taking Xiaolan back to the Kyoto Protector’s Pavilion!
When Zhao Wuji saw that Chen Ping had returned, he felt a little surprised, not expecting Chen Ping to be so quick.
Zhao Wuji didn’t know that Chen Ping was so quick because of Zhao Liguo, if it wasn’t for Zhao Liguo, Chen Ping would have refined the Black Jade Severing Ointment first and come back after helping Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix heal.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, inform all the team members to gather ……”
Chen Ping said to Zhao Wuji.
Zhao Wuji nodded and immediately ordered Xu Shimao to gather all the team members in the martial arts arena!
In front of the crowd, Chen Ping took out dozens of body training pills, the crowd only felt a pungent aroma hit them, and they all perked up and looked straight at them.
“Mr. Chen, this is …………”
Zhao Wuji looked at the Body Training Pills and asked in a small voice.
“These are body training pills, I specially instructed the Pill God Valley elders to refine them overnight, after eating the body training pills, everyone’s body will be a few points stronger, after practicing the techniques I have taught, I believe we will soon see the results ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“A body training pellet personally refined by the Pill God Valley Elder?” Zhao Wuji’s eyes widened in shock as he looked at Chen Ping.
To know that the Pill God Valley’s pills were particularly expensive, especially those personally refined by the elders, were even more priceless, now Chen Ping actually brought dozens of pills at once, just these pills, when taken to the market, were afraid that they would cost billions.
Everyone’s for was also excited, each stretched out their necks to look, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping, these people would never want to eat these pills from Pill God Valley in their lifetime.
“Mr. Chen, you …… are really the Pill God Valley Master?”
Xu Shimao couldn’t help but ask.
When Chen Ping first said he was the Pill God Valley Master, many people actually held a skeptical attitude in their hearts, after all, Chen Ping was too young, and although the Pill God Valley was mainly focused on refining pills, those elders, however, were all at the Martial Sect realm, how could they easily make such a young lad the Valley Master.
In order to become the Pill God Valley’s valley master, unless one has particularly exquisite medical and alchemy skills, it would be difficult to become the Pill God Valley’s valley master if one’s strength alone is high.
“You little brat, Mr. Chen has brought the pills and you still doubt what Mr. Chen said, do you not want this Body Training Pill?”
Zhao Wuji said as he viciously kicked Xu Shimao in the buttocks.
Xu Shimao jumped and hurriedly apologized after Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, I didn’t mean that, how dare I doubt you, I just …… I just ……… …”