………………
Kyoto!
Chen Ping had waited for three days in a row at the Dragon Family, but didn’t see the four Dragon Family experts return, so he simply stopped waiting!
And Long Xingxu also stabilised the entire Dragon Family during these three days, and then made a statement on the Martial Arts Forum!
Declaring that the Dragon Family had seceded from the Martial Dao Alliance and would henceforth follow Chen Ping’s footsteps!
This statement instantly stirred up a thousand waves throughout the martial dao community!
“Holy sh*t, this Dragon Family seems to have been defeated by Chen Ping.”
“Can’t you see, the head of the Dragon Family has changed, this should be a puppet that Chen Ping helped up, he has never even heard of his name.”
“Just wait, the Martial Alliance is going to be unlucky.”
“I think it’s not just the Martial Dao Alliance that will be unlucky, there should also be those families that have joined the Martial Dao Alliance ……”
Within the forum, many people started to talk about it!
There were many clans that were afraid of Chen Ping’s retaliation and announced their withdrawal from the Martial Dao Alliance!
There were also many clans that had expressed their willingness to follow in Chen Ping’s footsteps and listen to Chen Ping’s commands!
Only Chen Ping didn’t care, he knew that these wallflower clans were only choosing to follow him because they saw his current strength.
If one day, his own strength failed, these clans would definitely fall back!
So Chen Ping simply ignored those clans that asked to follow him!
Chen Ping ignored them, but the Martial Dao Alliance was somewhat seated.
Inside the Kyoto Martial Alliance!
Ning Zhi’s face was very ugly, he had been crushed by Long Xiao, and now, Long Xiao had been killed by Chen Ping.
Then the difference in strength between him and Chen Ping was naturally self-evident!
Now that many clans had chosen to withdraw from the Martial Alliance, and many of his best friends had chosen to follow Chen Ping, it was embarra*sing for Ning Zhi!
Now that Zhu Zhishan had died, the mess that was the Martial Dao Alliance had fallen on his shoulders.
“This Chen Ping, how could he be so powerful?”
Ning Zhi couldn’t understand what kind of martial art Chen Ping had cultivated, how his strength had progressed so rapidly, and how he could easily handle fighting across levels!
“You’ve just stepped into the Great Martial Marquis, you still need to dive into cultivation, don’t be thinking about other things.”
At this moment, a voice rang out in Ning Zhi’s mind.
Ning Zhi didn’t want to think about it either, but the truth was in front of him, if Chen Ping were to find trouble with the Martial Dao Alliance, how was Ning Zhi going to deal with it?
If the top bra*s pursued him, who would be responsible for the mess the Martial Alliance was in?
“This Chen Ping will not let go of the Wudao Alliance, his next target will definitely be the Wudao Alliance, and his girlfriend is still being held here ……”
Ning Zhi said with a frown.
The spirit was not speaking anymore, this was indeed a difficult dead end.
Because the Martial Dao Alliance was using Su Yuqi’s blood again to train a constant stream of experts!
Including Ning Zhi, it was only after taking Su Yuqi’s blood that he had allowed his strength to rise so quickly.
“Vice Alliance Master Ning, that Chen Ping …………”
A member of the Martial Alliance walked in, about to follow Ning Zhi and report back!
But before he could finish his words, he saw Ning Zhi reach out and a surge of powerful Qi instantly blew that Martial Dao Alliance member’s head off!
The smell of blood filled the air, making the other members tremble in fear!
“Zhu Zhishan is dead, I am the Alliance Master, remember this for me ……”
Ning Zhi said as he swept a glance at the other members of the Martial Dao Alliance.
All of these people lowered their heads and didn’t dare to speak!
“It seems that we can only alert the higher-ups, otherwise it will be difficult for these people of the Martial Dao Alliance to stop that Chen Ping ……”
Ning Zhi frowned, he knew that with the current power of the Martial Dao Alliance, it would not be able to stop that Chen Ping!
But just as Ning Zhi finished speaking, he only saw a spatial fluctuation within the hall of the Martial Dao Alliance, followed by the appearance of a man covered in black robes.
The markings on the black robed man’s chest were silver, clearly superior to that black and copper robe of Ning Zhi’s!
“You all go down ……”
Ning Zhi waved his hand, letting those members of the Martial Alliance all go out.