Dong Jiahao’s words caused the people from the various clans and families led by Guo Wei to look over, all with anger in their eyes.
Originally, they had experienced many organs and hidden weapons when they walked here, their hearts had already been very depressed, and now they were still being shamed by Dong Jiahao, so they were even more angry.
“Councilor Guo ……”
When Long Xiao saw Guo Wei appear, his face was instantly happy, with Guo Wei around, he didn’t have to be afraid of Chen Ping and Dong Jiahao.
“Duke Long, I didn’t expect you guys to find this place too, could you find any treasures along the way?”
Guo Wei asked as he turned to Long Xiao.
Guo Wei was depressed that they had not found any treasure resources along the way, out of the organs and concealed weapons.
When Long Xiao heard Councilor Guo ask this, he immediately told Councilor Guo what had happened after him.
When Councilor Guo heard that Chen Ping had obtained a painting of a nine-million mile mountain and river map, and that the contents of the painting would change randomly, a greedy look instantly flashed in his eyes.
“Chen Ping, give me a look at the painting you are holding ……”
Guo Wei walked towards Chen Ping before saying to him in a commanding tone.
“I got this, why should I show it to you?”
Chen Ping rejected Guo Wei outright.
Guo Wei was stunned, he did not expect this Chen Ping dared to directly contradict himself in public, immediately an angry said: “You dare to disobey my orders, this trial I have the say, you think you get your hands on it is yours, others can also completely snatch the thing from your hands, you have the ability to protect it …… ”
Guo Wei’s words fell to the ground, many people from the clan and family all looked at Chen Ping with a gaze, ready to strike at any time.
So many people are looking at Chen Ping intently, even if Chen Ping’s skills are high, it is difficult to resist the attack of so many people.
“As a director of the Martial Alliance, you interfere with the trials at will and deliberately make comments about robbery, just like you you are also paired with me to give orders, who the hell do you think you are ……”
Chen Ping had long since seen that this Guo Wei was wearing the same trousers as Long Xiao and was targeting himself at every turn!
Guo Wei was even scolded, everyone looked at Chen Ping in shock, only Dong Jiahao laughed loudly, “Chen Ping, enough guts, these moralistic guys, no need to listen to them.”
Guo Wei’s face turned extremely ugly, his fists clenched with a cackle, before his eyes faintly stared and said, “Duke Long, snatch the painting over, it’s your Long family’s.”
When Long Xiao heard this, he felt slightly embarra*sed, “Director Guo, then Dong Jiahao he …………”
“Don’t worry, if anyone dares to help this Chen Ping today, I will tell him to break his bones in pieces ……”
After Guo Wei finished speaking, a terrifying aura instantly erupted from his body, enveloping everyone in it.
Dong Jiahao’s face changed slightly, this Guo Wei’s outburst of aura really made him not dare to help Chen Ping, with his current strength, even if he added the two Martial Arts experts he brought with him, he was not a match for that Guo Wei at all.
Seeing Guo Wei say so, Long Xiao’s heart was pleased: “Director Guo, then I will leave you to teach this fellow Chen Ping a good lesson ……”
When Long Xiao finished speaking, the aura on his body instantly exploded, the humiliation he had just suffered in the tomb room, this moment he wanted to return it.
Long Xiao raised his palm and slapped towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, put the painting in his hand behind his back, and met Long Xiao with a palm.
Boom …………
After a loud sound, Long Xiao’s body took several steps backwards, while Chen Ping’s body also took a few steps backwards before he could stabilise himself.
With this slap, the two men were considered to have fought to a draw.
“You really have some skills, it looks like I’ll have to use my full strength ……”
Long Xiao raised his hand, and behind him, Long Xingxu threw out a precious sword directly.
The sword was sheathed, and the eerie cold aura came straight towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping also did not dare to be arrogant, as soon as he reached out his hand the Dragon Chopper Sword appeared in his hand, the Dragon Chopper Sword burned with flames and ruthlessly cut down with one blow.