During this month’s time, Chen Ping’s body was slowly undergoing changes.
Unlike those martial artists, at this moment, Chen Ping’s flesh was getting stronger as he cultivated, and with every point of strengthening his flesh, he would recede a layer of skin like a snake ant, and the new skin would take on a metallic sheen.
Slowly opening his eyes, which had not been opened for a month, Chen Ping’s body emitted a golden glow, which was as dazzling as the sun and moon, and his bones were even more indestructible!
“What’s going on in the Valley Master’s room?”
Xu Changsheng was a little surprised to see the golden light bursting out of Chen Ping’s room.
The other elders all shook their heads, they weren’t sure what was going on either, they only knew that Chen Ping had never stepped out of his room in the past month.
“Let’s go, let’s go and take a look ……”
Xu Changsheng said and led several of the looking up towards Chen Ping’s room.
At this moment, Chen Ping slowly got up, his body was surging with spiritual energy, surging in a way that he had never felt before, looking at his fists that were emitting golden light, Chen Ping was tempted to punch out and see his current strength.
But in the end, he controlled himself, if he punched out now, this whole house might collapse down!
“I never thought that in a month’s time, I would be able to raise to the peak of the incipient realm, in time, if I break through the incipient realm and step into the Jiedan realm, I might be able to follow the Long family in a battle ………… ”
Chen Ping did not expect that the dragon crystal would benefit him so greatly.
But soon, Chen Ping also discovered one thing, that is, the dragon crystal inside his body had a much dimmer luster, and the spiritual qi emitted from within the dragon crystal was not as abundant as it was at the beginning!
Could it be that this dragon crystal had a lifespan?
Chen Ping did not understand this Dragon Crystal, and Long Wu did not explain it clearly to him at that time, which made Chen Ping a bit confused!
“Valley Master, are you alright?”
Just at that moment, Xu Changsheng’s voice came.
They were afraid that something had happened to Chen Ping, so they rushed over!
Hearing Xu Changsheng’s voice, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body dispersed and he opened the door to the room!
When Xu Changsheng and the others saw Chen Ping for the first time, several of them all revealed a trace of surprise.
Because just a month ago, they could all feel the change in Chen Ping’s aura!
At this moment, they could clearly feel that Chen Ping had reached the peak of Grand Master and was about to break through to the realm of Martial Sect.
How long have I been cultivating?
How could the realm rise so quickly?
“Valley Master, are you alright?”
After snapping out of his shock, Xu Changsheng continued to ask.
“It’s fine!” Chen Ping shook his head, before turning to Xu Changsheng and asking, “How is Little Orchid?”
When Chen Ping returned to Pill God Valley, Xiao Lan had not yet come to his senses and he could not wait to go into seclusion, and now he himself did not even know how long had pa*sed.
“Don’t worry, Valley Master, Miss Xiaolan’s health is in good condition, this whole time she has been trying to go out to find the Valley Master, but we have stopped her ……”
Xiao Lan did not know about Chen Ping’s seclusion, Xu Changsheng and the others did not dare to say anything, so when Xiao Lan woke up, she yelled to find Chen Ping.
“Elder Xu, how long have I been in seclusion?”
It was only then that Chen Ping remembered to ask how long he had been in seclusion.
“Valley Master, you have been in seclusion for a month, the day after tomorrow is Mid-Autumn Festival, I have instructed the people in the Valley to set up the venue, we will have a Mid-Autumn Festival celebration together then ……”
Xu Changsheng thought that Chen Ping had just become the valley master after all, many people still didn’t know each other, so it was just the right time to use this opportunity to let everyone get to know Chen Ping as well.
“A month?”
Chen Ping was shocked, in his opinion, his cultivation was only a matter of moments, but he didn’t expect it to be a month already, and it would soon be the Mid-Autumn Festival.
When he heard the Mid-Autumn Festival, Chen Ping’s mind instantly saw the figures of his parents, although he knew that he was picked up, he still loved his parents Avray.
And Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er, I don’t know how they are doing now …………