Kyoto, Protector’s Pavilion!
Chen Ping had followed Gu Ling’er back to Kyoto.
The first time Zhao Wuji knew that Chen Ping had returned to Kyoto, he called Chen Ping to the Protector’s Pavilion!
“Mr. Chen, you should be careful, the a*sa*sins from the Watanabe family of the island have entered the country, exactly how many of them and what strength they have, we don’t even have a grasp of them right now, their eyes are running towards you.”
Zhao Wuji said with a gloomy face.
“The a*sa*sins have entered the country? Wasn’t it Mr. Shi who personally handled this matter and kept all those killers out of the border?”
Chen Ping was astonished.
At that time, Zhao Wuji had even said that there was no need to let himself worry, Mr. Shi had personally taken care of it, those killers definitely could not enter the country.
“Ai …………”
Zhao Wuji sighed, “Don’t mention it, that Watanabe family is incredibly cunning, they sent out more than one wave of killers, the reason they spread the news about killing you was to draw our attention to them.”
“The news I know now is that the killers have already entered the country, now we don’t know where these killers are hiding, but this time when the killers entered the country, it can be seen that there is someone inside to meet them, otherwise these killers would not have entered the territory that easily.”
“Who is so bold? Dare to do something treasonous?”
Chen Ping was shocked, no matter how strong one was, to do such a treasonous thing, the downfall could be imagined.
Zhao Wuji glanced at Chen Ping and shook, “I don’t know, but the person who is meeting you must have a grudge against you, after all, these a*sa*sins are here to a*sa*sinate you, and their target is clear, so the person who is meeting you must also want you dead ……”
“Could it be the Dragon Family? Or the Martial Arts Alliance? Or maybe another family?”
Chen Ping couldn’t figure it out, after all, he had offended quite a few people, and there were even more people who wanted him dead.
Especially since Chen Ping had exposed the power of the divine dragon in this tournament, those clans and families must have wanted to obtain the dragon crystal after knowing that it was actually so powerful.
It was only that now Mr. Shi was obviously protecting Chen Ping, and in addition to the sudden appearance of the Four Villains during the tournament, they helped Chen Ping, which made many martial arts families unable to guess Chen Ping’s true strength and identity, so they were all just a bit wary.
“Mr. Chen, for now, regardless of who is the receiver, it is imperative that you find a place to hide for the time being, Mr. Shi has issued an order to strictly investigate these inbound a*sa*sins.”
Zhao Wuji advised Chen Ping.
“Good, it’s time for me to find a place to close up ……”
Chen Ping needed to close up and improve his strength, whether it was his mother or Su Yuqi who was suffering, he needed to improve his strength as soon as possible to get them out.
“Mr. Chen, why don’t you stay at the Protector Pavilion, I think those killers wouldn’t dare to enter the Protector Pavilion and kill people even if they were bold!”
Zhao Wuji said.
“No, Uncle Long and the others must be worried about me too, I’ll go to the Pill God Valley, those killers won’t be able to find it if I’m there ……”
Chen Ping intended to go to the Pill God Valley, one, because the Pill God Valley was hidden, and two, in order to meet Long Wu and follow him to report a safe journey.
Besides, Xiao Lan and Wu Mei’er were also in Pill God Valley, and Gu Ling’er would still have some company!
After following Zhao Wuji to say goodbye, Chen Ping took Gu Ling’er on a trip to the Shadowless Villa.
If Chen Ping was going to be in seclusion, there were some things that he had to instruct Zhao Liguo about.
The power of the Shadowless Villa was now quite large, but Chen Ping was not yet satisfied.
In today’s society where force was king, Chen Ping had to develop his own power.
When Chen Ping rushed to the Shadowless Villa, the shocked expression on Zhao Liguo’s face could have swallowed an egg when he learnt from Chen Ping that the Valley of the Wicked was actually also a hall of the Heavenly Dragon Temple.
After giving Zhao Liguo an account, Chen Ping took Gu Ling’er and went straight to the Pill God Valley to begin his retreat.