Soon, Zang Qing’s entire body became shrivelled up, as if he had instantly aged by dozens of years!
Looking at the scene in front of him, Xing Jun’s expression became extremely complicated.
In his opinion, only evil cultivators would know this kind of gongfu technique that sucked others’ power, could it be that this Chen Ping was also an evil cultivator?
But Chen Ping was obviously not an evil cultivator, but how could Chen Ping know such a gong technique?
Xing Jun was in a daze ……
Zang Qing’s entire body fell to his knees, curled up, with only a breath of air to hold him up.
Chen Ping looked at the beads taken out of Zang Qing’s body, like a kind of spirit bead or something, and not a beast elixir.
“This was given to ……”
Chen Ping threw the spirit pearl in his hand directly to Xing Jun, then continued, “This fellow still has a breath of air, you can take it back with you to deliver.”
Xing Jun took the spirit pearl, his eyes filled with complexity and shock.
This kind of spirit pearl was worth a fortune at first glance, and yet Chen Ping had easily given it to himself.
Xing Jun was about to follow Chen Ping to say thank you, but he saw that Chen Ping had already walked away towards the distance.
Xing Jun put away the spirit pearl and grabbed it towards the Tibetan Green.
But who knew that before he could touch the Tibetan Green, the body of the Tibetan Green fell to the ground with a poof.
There was no sound in an instant.
With Zang Qing dead, Xing Jun sighed and did not even look at him, while the rest of the law enforcement team, the moment Zang Qing was defeated, grabbed the other disciples of the Heaven’s Destruction Sect that Zang Qing had brought with him.
Looking at these disciples of the Heaven-Shattering Sect, Xing Jun knew that he was going to have his hands full behind him, he had to eradicate this Heaven-Shattering Sect before he could do so.
In order to eradicate these evil cultivators, only their law enforcement team could do it, Zhao Wuji and the Protector Court could only maintain law and order.
They did not have the ability to deal with evil cultivators yet.
…………
The Heavenly Fiend Sect’s Sect Master, Zang Qing, lost his life at the hands of Chen Ping!
This piece of news spread instantly.
This instantly pushed Chen Ping even further into the limelight.
Many clans and families that had originally been fighting for Chen Ping’s attention were instantly silenced and no more news was heard!
Even the Heavenly Fiend Sect’s Zang Qing was no match for Chen Ping, so if ordinary sects and families wanted to find trouble with Chen Ping, wouldn’t they be hitting a rock with an egg?
“I think this Chen Ping, only the Martial Marquis will be able to cure him if he strikes.”
“In the entire Kyoto martial arts world, I’m afraid that Chen Ping is the leader of the younger generation.”
“Not to mention Kyoto, even in the entire Daxia martial arts world, Chen Ping’s strength and age is considered one of the best.”
“I think the free list will be re-ranked, and this Chen Ping will probably reach number one.”
Throughout the forum, all of them were praising Chen Ping, this time it was different from the decapitation of Guo Wei.
This Zang Qing was, after all, an evil cultivator and was still so high profile in the martial arts forum that many people were looking at him unfavourably.
This time when he was beheaded by Chen Ping, many people had a breath of relief in their hearts and naturally praised Chen Ping.
“The ranking of the Free Ranking is not a vain name, if this Chen Ping can rush to number one, where do I go? Are you guys looking down on me, Xin Pengfei?”
Just as everyone was talking, a top comment suddenly popped up.
With this, instantly the forum scrolled with much fewer comments.
Obviously, this comment was posted by Xin Pengfei, who was the number one in the Prosperity List auction.
Xin Pengfei had already reached the strength of a half-step Martial Marquis a year ago, only this year, there was very little news of him.
No one knew what his true strength was now.
However, the Free Ranking was not an official list after all, and not many people paid attention to it, most of them were youngsters.
Now that Xin Pengfei had suddenly revealed himself, after a brief moment of shock, many people began to boil over.
“Boss Xin has revealed himself, you’ll always be our boss!”
“Number one on the Free Ranking, Brother Fei who has dominated the ranking for years has finally shown himself.”
“Who just said that Chen Ping could reach number one in the Prosperity Ranking, are you coming out to say something?”
Xin Pengfei’s fanatical fans on top of the martial arts forum were much more than Chen Ping’s.