…………
In front of the Ning family!
Chen Ping sat quietly as time pa*sed, and at Chen Ping’s feet there were already the corpses of four members of the Ning family.
It was almost time for another hour.
At this point, all of the Ning family members were drenched in sweat and trembling.
Because they didn’t know who Chen Ping would strike at one of them when the time was up.
This unknown death was the most terrifying.
And in front of the Ning family’s gates, the number of people watching the fun grew.
“This Ning Hai seems to have really wimped out, even though so many of their Ning family members have died, they don’t dare to show themselves!”
“And an old martial marquis, what a sh*t!”
“This time, Chen Ping’s reputation is about to be made, the younger generation, in the unbeaten!”
The crowd chattered.
Chen Ping’s face was calm, his eyes closed as he rested his eyes, and it was as if Chen Ping had not heard the chatter of the people around him.
Suddenly, Chen Ping opened his eyes.
With this, those members of the Ning family retreated in fear!
Because they knew that it was time, Chen Ping was going to kill someone!
Chen Ping slowly got up and looked at those Ning family members, “Your master doesn’t want you anymore, so you are useless to live ……”
Seeing this, those Ning family members fell to their knees, begging Chen Ping to spare their lives!
In front of life and death, dignity was nothing!
But there was no hint of pity in Chen Ping’s eyes, he would not pity anyone who went against him.
Every time he showed mercy, he was being cruel to himself.
If he were to fall into the hands of these people, he believed that none of them would pity him.
Just as Chen Ping was about to strike, a car suddenly came rushing by.
Ning Hai rushed down from the car and shouted towards Chen Ping, “Stop, Chen Ping stop it ……”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Hai and the corners of his mouth lifted, “You’ve finally shown yourself ……”
But who knows, Ning Hai did not pay attention to Chen Ping, but hastily turned around and opened the car door, inviting Mr. Shi down.
Seeing that Mr. Shi had actually come, Chen Ping frowned slightly.
And those onlookers were also surprised.
There was a lot of chatter.
“Holy sh*t, this Ning Hai wouldn’t be so abashed as to go and get help, would he? Is this a way to get Mr. Shi to step in?”
“Mr. Shi is the backer behind that Chen Ping, what is this Ning Hai inviting Mr. Shi for? To make peace with Chen Ping?”
“The Ning family head, an old martial lord, is being forced into such a position by a hairy boy ……”
The voices of the discussion were so loud that Ning Hai heard them clearly, all of them mocking him.
But Ning Dahai didn’t care about that at the moment, what he needed was to preserve his strength!
“Mr. Shi, what brings you here?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Mr Shi.
“Ning Hai invited me here because he wants me to persuade you to give up challenging him, he wants to make peace with you!”
“Whatever you want, the Ning family can promise you, as long as you don’t look for trouble with the Ning family again!”
Mr Shi said.
“Make peace with me?”
Chen Ping sneered, “When you shattered my dantian and broke my tendons, why didn’t you say anything about making peace?”
“Why didn’t you say you wanted to make peace when you killed dozens of my mouths in the Vicious Valley?”
“Now you want to make peace with me? It’s already too late ……”
“Chen Ping, what was done in the past, my Ning family did have wrongdoings, especially my son’s targeting of you, I will keep him under strict control, as long as you promise not to trouble my Ning family again, I can give you whatever resources you need!”
Ning Hai lowered his posture and said to Chen Ping in front of many people.
“I don’t need anything, I want your life and I want your Ning Family to disappear from Kyoto ……”
A strong killing intent emanated from Chen Ping’s body.
Ning Hai frowned and gritted his teeth, “Chen Ping, are you really going to fight me to the death? It’s that if the two of us really fight, it’s not certain who will live and who will die, but the ones who will benefit will definitely be the other lineages!”