Huo Yuan Ting’s face was pale and he looked at Chen Ping helplessly, the power of this Divine Flame Seal was too great for Huo Yuan Ting to withstand!
However, it was good that he still retained his cultivation, it was just a matter of leaving the Violet Flame Sect!
“Elder Tian, could you and others be willing to leave the Purple Flame Sect with me? I won’t treat you all badly.”
“You guys have followed me all these years and offended that Elder Yu and the others, if I leave, will you still have good fruit to eat?”
Huo Yuan Ting wanted to take this group of people under him away!
This time, Elder Tian and the others were a bit scared, although they didn’t want to leave the Violet Flame Sect, after all, after leaving the Violet Flame Sect, they would be living in no place, and they wouldn’t even be able to get resources well!
However, if they didn’t leave, when Elder Yu and the others were retaliating, it would be troublesome!
Just as Elder Tian and the others were hesitating, the old Sect Master then spoke, “The past is not to be blamed, but if anyone wants to leave, I won’t stop them!”
“Don’t listen, if you stay now, you will definitely be retaliated against in the future!”
Huo Yuan Ting said loudly!
“If you guys trust me, you can stay, if you don’t, then leave!”
The old Sect Master waved his hand, causing Elder Yu and the others to all make way!
Seeing this situation, Elder Tian and the others looked at each other before falling to their knees, “We trust the old Sect Master and are willing to lay down our lives for the Purple Flame Sect ……”
Huo Yuan Ting saw this scene and knew that his power was gone, no one was willing to follow him anymore!
As the saying goes, the tree topples and the monkeys scatter, now that he is nothing, where would anyone else follow him!
“Good, good, good……”
Huo Yuan Ting said three good words in a row and finally leapt away from the Purple Flame Sect!
He was afraid that if he stayed on, the old Sect Master would change his mind and clean him up, then he would be in trouble!
After Huo Yuan Ting left, Chen Ping looked at the old Sect Master and said, “Old Sect Master, this Divine Flame Seal is the most precious treasure of your Purple Flame Sect, I will use this Divine Flame Seal to refine the Supreme Flame Fusion Technique and return it to you!”
This Divine Flame Seal was originally something that belonged to the Violet Flame Sect, and if Chen Ping took it away, then the Violet Flame Sect’s future development would be stymied!
Chen Ping was only here to learn the Supreme Fire Fusion, and although this Divine Flame Seal was a very powerful supreme treasure, Chen Ping could not be greedy!
He had already learnt the two Supreme Fires of the Violet Flame Sect, he had also learnt the True Flame Dharma Body, and more importantly, he had inherited all of Violet Flame Sect’s first Sect Master, Hong San’s techniques as well!
It would be a little too embarrassing if he were to take away the Divine Flame Seal!
In that case, how would the Violet Flame Sect develop in the future?
“Since this Divine Flame Seal has already recognised its owner, then you are the Sect Master of our Purple Flame Sect, would a Sect Master ever hand over the Divine Flame Seal.”
The old Sect Master said with a faint smile!
“No, no, no, I can’t be the Violet Flame Sect’s Sectmaster, not to mention that I’m still being hunted by the Demon Sealing Alliance, which would bring trouble to the Violet Flame Sect.”
“Moreover, I have no fixed residence, I won’t stay in one place for a long time, it’s not suitable at all!”
Chen Ping shook his head repeatedly!
But the old Sect Master smiled faintly, then directly saluted towards Chen Ping, “Greetings to the new Sect Master ……”
Seeing this, Elder Yu and the others also knelt on the ground, “Greetings to the new Sect Master ……”
Wei Qing, Qian Xiu and the others all looked at Chen Ping with excitement!
Their Junior Brother, now a new Sect Master, they were all happy for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at the Violet Flame Sect disciples who were kneeling down and gave a helpless bitter smile!
He seemed to know what the old Sect Master was trying to do, so he said, “Alright, since you all elected me, then I’ll be reluctant to do so, so all get up!”
“Sect Master, what about this guy?”Wei Qing asked as he pointed at Gu Tianzhao who was already too scared to walk!
Chen Ping glanced at Gu Tianzhao, directly causing that Gu Tianzhao to kowtow in fear!
“Lock him up first, this guy is good in the art of formation, keep him for now!”
Chen Ping wanted to explore the bottom of the Two Yi Sect through Gu Tianzhao, but not now, right now Chen Ping wanted to seize the time to practise the Art of Supreme Fire Fusion!
After briefly following the old Sect Master to explain a few sentences, Chen Ping then said, “I am now going to the Divine Volcano to practice the Art of Supreme Fire Fusion, everything within the Sect is still in the hands of the old Sect Master!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he leapt straight towards the Divine Volcano!