‘Mr Chen, I wonder what you want those for? Could it be that you also know how to refine puppets?’
Elder Sun asked curiously!
‘I know a little bit, I haven’t tried it yet!’ Chen Ping said modestly!
Elder Sun looked at Chen Ping with some disbelief, he really couldn’t think of anything that Chen Ping, a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, wouldn’t know!
Elder Sun led Chen Ping into a formation, and then the formation lit up with a light!
Chen Ping knew with a glance that this kind of was a small teleportation formation that could only teleport a very short distance!
However, for a Wan Tong Pavilion sub-pavilion, it was surprising that it still needed a small teleportation array, so it could be seen how tight this sense of defence was!
‘Mr Chen, this South End City has complex personnel and various forces intertwined, we have quite a few secrets and resources within the Wantong Pavilion, so in order to prevent someone from sneaking in, we must be careful.’
Elder Sun said!
Chen Ping nodded in understanding, after all, there was almost no order to speak of in this Celestial Realm, one could fight for resources at any time!
The area around the Heavenly Demon Mountain in this Southern Region was still considered good, with its own order, not too chaotic, and also able to have a place for demonic cultivators!
Chen Ping couldn’t understand, the five domains of this celestial realm, there are still domain lords sitting in the town, all messed up into this sh*t, domain lords are doing what?
Hundreds of years are for the world, it is estimated that the domain lord either ascended into immortality, or has already hung up!
‘Kid, you help ask, let this Wan Tong Pavilion to help me look for the skeleton, the heavenly devil mountain area is vast, rely on your kid alone to look for my skeleton, that is not until the monkey years and months.’
Red Cloud Demon Monarch said after Chen Ping!
After gathering all the skeletons, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would be able to slowly restore his physical body and then return to the Heavenly Realm!
The Wantong Pavilion’s business was almost all over the Southern Region, and there were also many disciples under its doors with more information, so the search was definitely much faster than Chen Ping!
‘Elder Sun, I don’t know if your Wantong Pavilion does business to help find things besides selling intelligence resources?’
Chen Ping asked to Elder Sun!
‘Of course we do, our Wantong Pavilion does all kinds of business, as long as the money is in place, except for not doing the business of assassins and helping people to kill.’
Elder Sun said!
‘That’s great, I hope Elder Sun can help me find the remains of the next corpse, the remains should be spread out in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, I don’t know the exact location either.’
Chen Ping said.
When Elder Sun heard this, his brows furrowed slightly, ‘Searching for the remains? The remains of this Heavenly Demon Mountain are all over the place, I don’t know how many people have died, this is too difficult to find without a specific location and markings, right?’
‘I found this remains differently.’
Chen Ping said, taking out the skull of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, the hand bones, and letting Elder Sun look at it!
Elder Sun’s eyes became slightly shocked after just one look.
‘Mr Chen, I’m afraid that these remains are not from this Celestial Realm, they should be the remains of a Celestial Immortal, right? And there’s still a trace of breath retained within these remains.’
Elder Sun asked!
Chen Ping nodded, ‘Not bad, this is indeed the remains of a Heavenly Realm Immortal.’
Seeing that Chen Ping was so trusting and admitted it directly, Elder Sun said, ‘Good, I’ll record the form of this relic bone as well as the breath and place it inside our Wantong Pavilion’s task library.’
‘Thank you Elder Sun.’ Chen Ping put away the relic bone and then thanked him!
‘Mr Chen is polite, as I said, we are just doing business.’
After Elder Sun finished speaking, he gently waved his palm!
The formation was activated and Chen Ping only felt a flash of white light in front of him, followed by his appearance in a room!
The room was arranged in a very minimalist manner, and inside the room there were surprisingly a lot of formations engraved, if someone made a move to find trouble here, these formations would be instantly activated.
It must be said that this Wan Tong Pavilion was really careful and prudent, and it was also rich and generous, in a place like the Celestial Realm, ordinary sound transmission jade slips were all expensive, not to mention these formations that were laid inside and outside this Wan Tong Pavilion.