Captain Zhou only felt a blur before his eyes, Chen Ping had already arrived in front of him, and before he had time to react, the Dragon Beheading Sword in Chen Ping’s hand had already stabbed at his chest.
Captain Zhou hurriedly swung his sword to resist, but Chen Ping’s speed was too fast and his strength was too great, his sword was unable to block the Dragon Chopping Sword.
Plop!
The Dragon Beheading Sword directly pierced through Captain Zhou’s chest, blood spurted out, and Captain Zhou’s eyes widened in disbelief.
Chen Ping drew out the Dragon Beheading Sword and looked at Captain Zhou coldly, “As I said, don’t incur the trouble of killing yourself.”
Qiu Yu, who was lying on the ground, had been watching the scene in front of him!
When he saw Captain Zhou being pierced through by Chen Ping’s sword, his heart died!
Originally, he had thought that he didn’t have to die and was saved, but now there was no hope at all.
Even if this Captain Zhou was able to follow Chen Ping for a few moves and stall for time, it would be fine, so that his family could come and save him!
But now, he was killed by others in two moves, just like slaughtering a chicken!
Especially the formation laid by Captain Zhou with a dozen or so guards, that also spent a lot of money to buy, and then cultivated night and day!
It was also unexpected that it could not withstand Chen Ping’s sword!
“I was wrong, don’t kill me, please ……”
Blood was flowing from the corner of Captain Zhou’s mouth, and his eyes were filled with regret and despair!
Although he had seen Chen Ping’s fight following Bai Cheng and knew that Chen Ping was not weak, he did not expect that he could be so ridiculously strong!
Even the formation that the guards of their dungeon had painstakingly cultivated had been broken so easily!
If he had known, he would never have come after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s escape from the prison was nothing more than the punishment he received, and compared to losing his life, the punishment was nothing!
Chen Ping looked at Captain Zhou who admitted his mistake and suddenly remembered something, a cruel smile appeared on his face.
“I can not kill you, but you must do one thing for me.”
Chen Ping said!
“What is it?”Captain Zhou asked!
“If you kill him, I will release you ……”
Chen Ping drew out his Dragon Beheading Sword and used it to point at Qiu Yu, who was lying on the ground!
“This …………”
Captain Zhou froze, looking very hesitant!
“You only have three seconds to think about it, whether you die or he dies ……”
Chen Ping coldly said!
Captain Zhou felt the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, and could only carry his sword and walk towards Qiu Yu step by step!
“Sir Qiu, I’m sorry, you won’t survive anyway, I hope you can fulfil me, I have an old mother and children!”
Captain Zhou looked at Qiu Yu and said helplessly!
“Surname Zhou, if you kill me, do you know what the consequences are? My father will kill your entire family and execute your nine clans!”
Qiu Yu did not expect Chen Ping to let Captain Zhou kill himself, this was too sinister!
“Execute the nine clans, that’s also something for later, I’d better save my life now!”
“I’m sorry ……”
After Captain Zhou finished speaking, he directly raised the long knife in his hand and slashed down towards that Qiu Yu!
Clang!
Suddenly there was a crunching sound, the knife in that Captain Zhou’s hand was directly hit by a white light, and the long knife instantly snapped into two halves!
And Captain Zhou staggered back several steps!
A man who looked a little bit similar to Qiu Yu was rapidly coming, so fast that he arrived in front of him in the blink of an eye!
“Big brother …………”
When Qiu Yu saw the visitor, he directly cried out.
The person coming was none other than Qiu Yu’s big brother, Qiu Tu.
Qiu Tint a head of long hair flowing, the whole body aura condensed as fog, behind the back of a long sword, quite a swordsman’s style!
Judging from the aura on this Qiu Tui’s body, the fifth grade of the Mahayana realm!
Qiu Tu glanced at Qiu Yu’s miserable state, his brows slightly frowning as he coldly looked towards Captain Zhou!
Feeling Qiu Tui’s gaze, Captain Zhou was shaken and hurriedly explained, “Grand Prince Qiu, just now I ……”
Swish!
Before Captain Zhou could finish his words, he only saw a white light flash by!
Qiu Tu struck, directly chopping out with a sword!
Captain Zhou was instantly split in two and died!
And that sword on Qiu Tu’s back, it was as if it hadn’t moved, because the speed was too fast, many people simply couldn’t see it!