Hearing Ning Zhi say this, Zhu Zhishan nodded in satisfaction, after all, the more martial arts families the Martial Dao Alliance joined, the more powerful their Martial Dao Alliance would be.
However, Long Jingguo was a little hesitant, after all, these beast pills were now the resources of the Long Family, and for him to take them out and recruit members for the Martial Dao Alliance, Long Jingguo was a little reluctant to do so.
“Vice Alliance Master Ning, what if with so many benefits, there are still sects and families that don’t join?”
Long Jingguo asked.
The corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted, revealing a cold smile as he said, “Since we don’t eat the wine, we’ll eat the punishment, anyone who doesn’t join the Martial Alliance will simply …………”
Ning Zhi made a neck-wiping gesture, startling both Zhu Zhishan and Long Jingguo.
If you don’t join the Martial Dao Alliance, you’ll just kill them, isn’t this forcing people to join?
“Ning Zhi, what you want is very good, but have you forgotten that there is still a Mr Shi in Kyoto?”
Zhu Zhishan reminded Ning Zhi at him.
“Allied Master, we recruit members normally, and Mr Shi can’t stop it, can he?”
“Those obstinate clans and families, leave it to me, I’ll handle it in secret, and Mr Shi won’t know about it.”
“Without evidence, can Mr Shi still disband our Martial Alliance?”
Ning Zhi said with a sneer.
After listening, Zhu Zhishan pondered for a moment, then nodded and said, “Then this matter, let you take care of it, when our Martial Alliance grows, you will get the most credit.”
Zhu Zhishan got up and patted Ning Zhi’s shoulder and said.
Ning Zhi nodded, and then looked at Long Jingguo, “Master Long, I’ll trouble you to send someone over for the resources.”
Seeing this, Long Jingguo could only agree, “Alright, I will send someone to deliver them.”
Long Jingguo got up and left, while Zhu Zhishan looked at Ning Zhi: “Ning Zhi, you must be careful of your manners, don’t cause a big disaster ……”
Zhu Zhishan was still in the position of the alliance master, and it was hard to sit still, he didn’t want to make a mess or but responsibility.
“Allied Lord don’t worry!”
Ning Zhi said with full confidence.
Only then did Zhu Zhishan nod and get up to go to the back to rest, while Ning Zhi looked at Zhu Zhishan’s back with a grim smile on his face.
………………
Inside the Kyoto Protector’s Pavilion!
The atmosphere was very depressing, everyone was silent, while Mr. Shi was sitting on the main seat with a cigarette in his hand, taking a puff every now and then, his brow furrowed!
He had been with Mr. Shi for more than ten years, but this was the first time he had seen such an expression on his face.
Although he had been with Mr. Shi for some time, every time he faced Mr. Shi, Zhao Wuji became nervous.
After smoking a cigarette, Mr. Shi slowly looked at Zhao Wuji: “Is the information you heard accurate?”
“Mr. Shi, it’s absolutely true, and I’ve got the Dong family kid, Dong Jiahao, here too, he’s right outside the Protector’s Pavilion.”
“There’s also a girl called Xiao Ru, they both escaped from Locked Dragon Island.”
Zhao Wuji hurriedly said to Mr. Shi.
As soon as Mr. Shi heard Xiao Ru, he hurriedly said, “Quickly bring them both in ……”
Zhao Wuji didn’t dare to be slow and hurriedly went to bring Dong Jiahao in after Xiao Ru!
After seeing Xiao Ru, Mr. Shi’s eyes looked up and down, making Xiao Ru look a little scared!
Dong Jiahao, on the other hand, was extremely nervous when facing Mr. Shi, and hurriedly bowed to him, “Dong Jiahao, pay my respects to Mr. Shi.”
“Dong Jiahao, tell me exactly what you saw and what you know!”
Realized asked to Dong Jiahao.
Dong Jiahao hurriedly told me everything that had happened since he had encountered Chen Pingzhi, without a single hint of concealment.