When Chen Ping had just reached the entrance, a bridal procession directly blocked the way!
A young man in a suit and holding a bouquet of flowers stepped down from the float, and this man was none other than Xiao Lei!
Xiao Lei faintly stared when he saw Chen Ping, but then laughed out loud.
“I had forgotten that you were released from prison today, what a coincidence, would you like to join me and Shanshan in our wedding?”
Xiao Lei looked at Chen Ping playfully, his eyes full of mockery!
Chen Ping just gave Xiao Lei a cold look, turned sideways and tried to leave, he didn’t want to follow such people’s nonsense!
“Don’t go!” But Xiao Lei stopped Chen Ping again: “Don’t you have money to pay for your share? It doesn’t matter, you don’t need to take money, you can eat the leftovers as you like, we are holding the wedding at the Regal Hotel, if you don’t go, you may not have the chance to eat there in your lifetime!”
Xiao Lei laughed shamefully at Chen Ping and actually reached out to slap Chen Ping’s face.
Chen Ping smacked Xiao Lei’s hand away with force!
“Fool, marrying a second hand, what’s there to fool around with, it’s all left over from Laozi’s play.”
Chen Ping laughed coldly.
In fact, Chen Ping hadn’t touched Geng Shanshan at all, he hadn’t even pulled her hand, he said this to disgust Xiao Lei and fix that Geng Shanshan by the way.
Xiao Lei was stunned to hear this and hurriedly looked at Geng Shanshan!
Geng Shanshan had told him that she had never even held hands with Chen Ping, so what was the situation now?
When Geng Shanshan saw Xiao Lei looking over, she immediately became anxious and yelled at Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, what are you talking about? Who is left to be played with by you? Just your virtue, I haven’t even let you touch my hand!”
Jia Meiyi also panicked and cursed at Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, don’t say grapes are sour when you can’t eat them, how could my daughter let you touch her if you are that virtuous!”
“Xiao Lei, don’t believe his nonsense, he is obviously trying to disgust you.”
Jia Mei followed Xiao Lei’s explanation, it was so easy to find a golden turtle son-in-law, he couldn’t be spoiled by Chen Ping’s words.
“Auntie, don’t worry, I won’t believe it.”
Xiao Lei wasn’t stupid, and he certainly wouldn’t believe Chen Ping’s words!
“It’s up to you whether you believe it or not!”
Chen Ping didn’t bother to pay any attention to that Xiao Lei, he simply bypa*sed him and walked outside!
“Wait a minute!”
Xiao Lei shouted at Chen Ping: “You’d better keep your mouth shut and don’t go around bad-mouthing my wife, or I’ll make you look good!”
Xiao Lei was afraid that Chen Ping would talk nonsense everywhere and ruin the reputation of their Xiao family!
“Oh …… mouth grows on me, I can say whatever I like, what do you care about me?”
Chen Ping looked at Xiao Lei coldly, “Instead, you should pay attention, don’t lose your life one day and still not know what happened!”
Looking at Chen Ping’s ice-cold eyes, Xiao Lei actually had a momentary trance and a hint of fear in his heart.
But only for a moment, Xiao Lei felt himself being humiliated, his eyes glared and rebuked, “If you kid are not afraid of death, you can try, just don’t kneel down and beg me when the time comes!”
Xiao Lei was full of anger, if he wasn’t getting married today, he would have given Chen Ping a good show!
“We don’t know who kneels down and begs who yet, do we? We’ll see!”
Chen Ping stared at Xiao Lei.
“Xiao Lei, the time has come, let’s not bother with this poor b*****d, silly X!”
Jia Meiyi gave Chen Ping a fierce look of contempt!
Xiao Lei held the flowers and the group walked towards the house!
Chen Ping looked at Xiao Lei’s back and suddenly flicked his finger, a silver light suddenly entered Xiao Lei’s body.
Xiao Lei visibly shook for a moment, but didn’t care, and continued walking towards the house.
“I would like to see if you will kneel down and beg me!”
A cold smile appeared at the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth as he turned to leave and headed towards the Fortune Hotel.
………………
The entrance of the Fortune Hotel!
Su Wenzong was personally waiting for Chen Ping at the entrance, and Su Wenzong’s appearance caused all those who entered the Fortune Hotel to murmur.
“Isn’t this the Chief Su, surprisingly standing at the entrance of the hotel as if he was waiting for someone, I wonder what the other party could be from that could make the Chief Su wait!”
“I heard that the eldest son of the Xiao family is getting married and the wedding is being held here, it couldn’t be waiting for someone from the Xiao family, could it?”
“It’s possible, after all, the Xiao family is also a powerful family, it’s only right to give some face.”
The crowd chattered as they walked into the Regal Hotel, while Su Wenzong was still hovering at the entrance, glancing at his watch every now and then, with a bit of impatience on his face.
“Dad, I think that kid is just talking nonsense, he said you hurt your left lung and it’s still a hidden disease with life threatening, it’s just nonsense, you just have a cold and an inflamed lung, you shouldn’t wait, or let me accompany you to the hospital!”
Su Yuqi advised Su Wenzong.
Su Wenzong had been waiting here for half an hour, but Chen Ping had not yet arrived, so Su Yuqi felt that Chen Ping was just talking nonsense, besides Su Wenzong had never told them that he had hurt his left lung, and this had not happened before.
“Yuqi, there are some things you don’t understand, this injury of mine, even when I go to the hospital, I can’t see it at all, this is a hidden disease of mine, it’s been over twenty years, the reason I haven’t told you guys about it is because I’m afraid you’ll be worried ……”
Su Wenzong sighed and said with a gloomy expression.
When Su Yuqi heard this, her whole body was a bit dumbfounded, nervously pulling Su Wenzong’s hand: “Dad, what the …… hell is going on here? Don’t scare me, don’t scare me …… I’ve already called Dr. Sun, he’ll be over soon.”
Su Yuqi panicked, since she could remember, she had never seen her mother, it was always Su Wenzong who brought her up single-handedly, the two were dependent on each other, if Su Wenzong had a long or short life, Su Yuqi did not know how she would live on.
“This matter is a long story, when there is time, dad is slowly telling you ……”
Su Wenzong finished, looked at his watch again, then looked anxiously into the distance!