As for the several cultivators wearing swords, Lin Keting didn’t even look at them, she knew that these people would be even less likely to speak out of turn, these were all dead guards, if Lin Keting told them to die, they would not hesitate!
So this kind of thing, there was no need to bark at all!
Lin Keting led the Right Blind Elder into the Divine Demon Battlefield, while the Left Blind Elder could only lead his men to guard the entrance of the cave!
Although he was very unhappy in his heart, there was nothing he could do!
Although he was a demonic cultivator, he still knew how to repay kindness!
…………
Qi Jia Town!
The hunchbacked old man with the Heavenly Fury was meeting with Qi Yuankun, the Qi Jia Town Town Founder!
Facing the people sent by the Demon Sealing Alliance, Qi Yuankun was particularly respectful, after all, in order to avenge his son, he had to have the help of these people from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Chief Qi, since your Qi family town has joined the Demon Sealing Alliance, so we’re family, there’s no need to beat around the bush.”
“You directly take us to that Zhu Family Town and destroy it, and by the way, capture that Chen Ping to avenge your son’s death.”
“But we came in a hurry and consumed a lot of spiritual energy along the way, we need to replenish our strength temporarily before we can do so.”
The hunchbacked old man said directly to Qi Yuankun!
The meaning was obvious, this was to make Qi Yuankun take out resources, after all, to replenish physical strength, it was not something that could be done just by talking about it, one had to have the resources to do so!
Qi Yuankun was slightly stunned, but then reacted, “That’s of course, all of you have come to give me a hand, I can’t let you all go hungry.”
“I’ll order it down and collect the resources of Qi’s town for all of you to use, but the Eastern Region is in a barren place and there aren’t a lot of resources, so please don’t mind if you all do!”
“Of course not, if Director Qi has the heart, how could we possibly dislike it!”The hunchbacked old man was also very happy to see that Qi Yuankun was so on board!
But just at this moment, along with a strong wind coming, followed by a black shadow appearing in the middle of the hall!
Qi Yuankun instantly became nervous, he didn’t expect that someone would easily break into the hall of his room!
“There’s no need to be nervous, Director Qi, this is just one of my disciples ……”
Seeing this, the hunchbacked old man hurriedly explained!
When Qi Yuankun heard this, he was relieved, if this was an enemy, entering and exiting his room so easily, would he still have safety to speak of!
“Tian Luo, didn’t I ask you to go and explore the place of the heavenly and earthly visions, why did you come back so soon?”
The hunchbacked old man asked!
“Patriarch, I ran into that Chen Ping halfway and had a few moves with him, but I didn’t want that kid to have some skills, and since there were so many of them, I ran back to avoid being at a disadvantage!”
Tian Luo said truthfully!
“Chen Ping?”As soon as Qi Yuankun heard the word Chen Ping, he was instantly on fire, then he violently knelt down towards the hunchbacked old man, “I also request that Patriarch Tian quickly go and kill that Chen Ping, to avenge my son’s death, and as for the matter of the resources, I am willing to offer all of the resources of our Qi Clan Town.”
The hunchbacked old man’s palm gently rested, directly lifting Qi Yuankun up, then said, “There is no need to be in a hurry, Chief Qi, wait for me to ask clearly, now that you and I are a family, and there is naturally no need for you to say anything more about the matter of executing that Chen Ping!”
After saying that, the hunchbacked old man looked towards Tian Luo and asked, “Tian Luo, tell me in detail what happened?”
Tian Luo told the hunchbacked old man what happened in detail after him!
The hunchbacked old man frowned slightly and said, “It seems that this Chen Ping is also heading towards the land of heavenly visions, I reckon that there must be something peculiar about that place!”
And when Qi Yuankun, who was on the side, heard this, his face became a little unnatural!
There was a relic on that Germanium Lu Mountain, their Qi family town had searched for the entrance for a hundred years and had not found out, now they finally had a little bit of an eye, but they didn’t want the heaven and earth visions to attract so many people to go!
This time, even if the entrance was found, that relic was afraid that it would have nothing to do with their Qi Family Town!