“Dad, I came over to straighten up the order, but some people are causing trouble, I’ve added a million dollars to the price now, they’re all honest.”
The youth hurriedly walked towards the old man!
The old man just glared at the youth, then said slightly apologetically to the middle-aged man beside him “Mr Ji is joking, this son of mine is too stubborn to do anything.”
“Palace Master Qin is serious, Prince Qin is so young that he broke through to the Transition Realm by relying on the Divine Mysteries, he’s definitely a genius among geniuses.”
That middle-aged man praised Qin Jingyun, which made Qin Jingyun very happy!
“Mister Ji, don’t praise him anymore, or he’ll float away.” Palace Master Qin smiled faintly, then continued “Three days later, I’ll be on time with my people, I still hope that Mr Ji will be prepared.”
“Definitely, I hope we have a good co-operation this time.”
The middle-aged man followed the Qin Palace Master and shook his hand.
Soon the middle-aged man walked into the teleportation array, and the people from the Giant Savage Palace began to prepare to activate the teleportation array!
It was obvious that the crowd had waited for so many days, but the transmission array hadn’t been activated, and it was obvious that they were waiting for this middle-aged man!
“Let’s go ……,” the Qin Palace Master saw the middle-aged man enter the teleportation array, so he called for Qin Jingyun to leave!
Qin Jingyun, on the other hand, coldly glanced at Chen Ping and the others, and then instructed the two Giant Barbarian Palace disciples guarding the passageway to “let them make up the money, and if they don’t, they’re not allowed to go in ……”
After saying that, Qin Jingyun proudly followed his father and left!
Seeing the teleportation array start, those cultivators who had made up the money began to enter the teleportation array one after another, there were also some cultivators who really couldn’t get the money, pacing back and forth anxiously!
“Mr Chen, I’ll go make up the money ……”
Ji Yun said, and went to make up the money, a few million was really nothing to Ji Yun!
Only after replenishing the money did Chen Ping and the three of them walk into the teleportation array!
Right after Chen Ping and the three of them walked into the teleportation array, Chen Ping always felt that there was a pair of eyes looking towards him!
When Chen Ping turned his head to look, he found that the gaze that was staring at him had disappeared again!
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?”
Ji Yun asked!
“Nothing, I always feel like someone is staring at us!” Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
“Someone is staring at us, I don’t feel it?”
Upon hearing this, Fire Phoenix immediately looked around and did not find anything strange!
Soon, the teleportation array was filled with people, and the passageway into the teleportation array was slowly closed!
“Everyone, all ready, the teleportation array will start right away, when the teleportation array is starting, do not emit your divine sense, or else you will be responsible for all the consequences.”
A disciple of the Giant Savage Palace finished speaking loudly, and the crowd felt the teleportation array under their feet begin to slowly rotate!
A ray of light emanated from within the teleportation array, wrapping all of them in it!
The speed of the rotation of the transmission array grew faster and faster, and the crowd only felt a flash of white light in front of their eyes!
In that instant, everyone’s consciousness seemed to freeze, and they were all as if they were dead!
Chen Ping, however, after that flash of white light, a divine sense emanated out.
Chen Ping was eager to figure out how this huge teleportation array was actually laid out!
Although Chen Ping’s current arts had not reached the peak of excellence, and there was no way to set up such a huge teleportation array, but if he understood how teleportation arrays were set up, Chen Ping would be able to completely set up a small teleportation array on his own!
In that case, it would be much easier for Chen Ping to go somewhere when he wanted to!
However, just as Chen Ping’s strand of divine sense was detached from his body, Chen Ping felt as if he was plunged into a huge whirlpool!
He felt that his body’s soul was being drawn away from his body by a huge suction force!
Chen Ping panicked a little at this point, desperately trying to calm his sea of consciousness!
“Mr Chen, help, help ah ……”
Ochre Yan desperately called out for help in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!