“Pfft …………”
Chen Ping, who had left not long ago, spat out a mouthful of blood with a puff!
The entire person had been deflated to the extreme, and his head was dazed, almost ready to pass out!
Ochre Yan in the Sea of Consciousness, on the other hand, was constantly calling out to Chen Ping to keep him awake!
Just now, Chen Ping was only holding on in front of the Ning Family’s crowd, if he showed such a weak side, Chen Ping knew that the Ning Family would definitely not be able to withstand the temptation of the Divine King’s Bow and would go after himself!
Especially that Ning Family’s old ancestor, Chen Ping always felt familiar, but he could not see through the other party!
After stumbling around like this for who knows how long, Chen Ping could no longer hold on and fell to the ground with a plop!
Just as Chen Ping collapsed, a figure appeared in a hurry, this person was none other than the fleeing Luo Xi, looking at the fainted Chen Ping, he directly picked up Chen Ping on his back and left!
And at this moment, at the place where Chen Ping followed Qi Peijia in the battle, five people hurriedly arrived!
These five people, at a glance, all exuded the aura of the seventh rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, five seventh ranks of the Transitional Apparition Realm, this was considered to be an expert!
One of them, a fellow with a lion’s head and body, was gazing around with a sharp look in his eyes!
“Lion King, this is the Divine Demon Battlefield, how could there be the aura of the Divine King’s Bow, I think you’re mistaken, right?”
“I found that Divine King’s Bow, after it was taken away from the Valley of the Undead, you’ve become a nervous wreck.”
“This is an open Divine Demon Battlefield, another space, how could that Divine King’s Bow appear here?”
A bloke with a waxy, spotted face said!
“Leopard Emperor, what the hell do you know, couldn’t it be that the guy who took the Divine King’s Bow also entered the Divine Demon Battlefield?”
“If that’s the case, it’s normal for there to be the aura of the Divine King’s Bow within the Divine Demon Battlefield.”
Another sharp-tongued, monkey-cheeked old man sneered!
“Monkey King, aren’t you afraid in your heart when you say that? If the guy who took away the Divine King’s Bow really entered the Divine Demon Battlefield, I think it’s better for the few of us to quickly leave this Divine Demon Battlefield.”
“Otherwise, if people draw their bows and shoot arrows, none of the few of us will be able to run away ……”
The Leopard Emperor said to the sharp-tongued old man!
“My feeling won’t be wrong, the God King’s Bow has definitely appeared, now we just need to find who has taken the God King’s Bow, and we’ll be able to take it back.”
The Lion King trusted his senses!
“Lion King, not that I’m spoiling the fun, even if you recapture the God King’s Bow, do you have the ability to pull it?”
“That God King’s Bow has been embedded in the Undead Valley for so many years, you can’t even take it down, and you still want to take back that God King’s Bow… I don’t think it’s a waste of effort, let’s just look for some treasures that we can use in this Divine Demon Battlefield.”
The Leopard Emperor said with a sense of playfulness!
The Lion King coldly glanced at that Leopard Emperor, but didn’t say anything!
“Alright, it’s better for the few of us to act quickly, it’s not easy to have a chance to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, don’t waste it.”
“Nowadays, the Devil Race is getting stronger and stronger, and the hatred and pursuit of the Devil Race by the Human Race cultivators has faded, and there are even those who have reached a co-operation.”
“Right now, only we, the Beast Race, are the weakest, we have to unite in the future, or else we’ll have a hard time in the future.”
A middle-aged man with starry eyebrows and a red face said!
“The Thousand-faced Demon King is right, our Beast Race must unite now, I heard that that Ming Li King City followed Yi He’s Demon Emperor City and fought again.”
“This time it’s making a lot of noise, I guess it’s going to be a lose-lose situation, these two guys, who are the weakest in strength, are fighting the most happily, and they are hooking up with each other all day long, and their energy isn’t even put into cultivation.”
A woman who was dressed very demonically opened her mouth and said!
This was the only female among the five!