“Thank you very much sir ……”
Ge Yuhan said, and knelt down for Chen Ping!
“But I want you to just live as my friend and not let the outside world know about this.”
Chen Ping was afraid that if word got out about Ge Yuhan being possessed by a spirit, it would bring the Ge family into disrepute!
After all, this kind of thing was something that was taboo for these immortal cultivation families!
“I understand!” Ge Yuhan nodded, “Then let’s go up now!”
“Not yet, I’m here to find the Hundred Eye Gra*s, I can’t go up until I find it ……”
Chen Ping said.
“Hundred-eye gra*s?” Ge Yuhan frowned slightly, then suddenly remembered something and said, “Are you talking about something that has only three leaves with patterns on them like eyes?”
“Yes, yes, yes, you know where it is?”
Chen Ping asked with a surprised look on his face.
Ge Yuhan showed an embarra*sed face, “Sorry, that thing that had been growing on top of my coffin was absorbed by me ……”
It was because of the absorption of the energy of the Hundred Eyes Gra*s that the Holy Maiden’s soul had lasted until now and had not gone up in smoke!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was a bit lost, but things had come to this, there was nothing he could do!
He could only follow Ge Yuhan up!
At this moment, Ge Yuhan had swallowed the fire pearl, so Chen Ping and Ge Yuhan could not feel the heat wave together.
But while the two of them were swimming upstream, Hu Pazi, who was waiting up there, was already anxious.
Hu Ma Zi looked at the bottom of the pit, Chen Ping and Ge Yu Han’s figures had not appeared, it had been a long time, obviously they had met with misfortune, Hu Ma Zi’s whole person was grief-stricken!
“Chen Ping brother ah, did not expect you to die like this …………”
Hu Pazzi took out a handful of yellow paper, then threw it towards the sky: “But it’s good, there is a beautiful woman to accompany you on the road to yellow spring, when you get to hell, you won’t be too lonely ……”
Hu Pazzi turned around and prepared to leave, he didn’t think this trip would become Chen Ping’s last stop!
“Master Hu, you called me here, but you yourself left in secret and didn’t wait for me, that’s your fault ……”
Just as Pocky Hu turned to leave, Chen Ping’s voice rang out from behind!
Hu Ma Zi was full of surprise and hurriedly turned around to look, and found that it was really Chen Ping, only at this moment, Chen Ping was only wearing his underwear and looked very comical!
“Chen Ping, so you’re not dead, I thought you were dead ……”
Hu Ma Zi pounced over and hugged Chen Ping fiercely.
“Cough cough cough, Master Hu, if I’m not burnt to death, I’m going to be strangled to death by you ……”
Chen Ping’s face was red and he coughed loudly a few times!
Upon hearing this, Pocky Hu hurriedly let go of Chen Ping apologetically, and then asked, “How is it, did you get the Hundred Eye Gra*s?”
Chen Ping nodded, “Got it, and now Yu Han has recovered ……”
Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu and lied!
Hu Ma Zi looked at Ge Yu Han and found that Ge Yu Han really did have a look in her eyes and a smile on her face, she wasn’t as dull as that anymore!
“Surely you have recovered.” Pocky Hu surveyed Ge Yuhan, then laughed, “After this recovery, there is also an aura in her body, and she is even more beautiful than when she was dull like that, Chen Ping you kid is really ravishingly blessed ……”
“Ahem, Master Hu what are you babbling about ……”
Chen Ping glared at Hu Puzi.
Pockmarked Hu laughed heatedly, then extended his hand towards Ge Yuhan and said, “Little girl, since you have recovered, let’s get reacquainted, my name is Pockmarked Hu, you can just call me Master Hu!”
Ge Yuhan smiled and also extended her hand and shook it after Hu Pazi: “My name is Ge Yuhan, I also hope that Master Hu …………”
But before Ge Yuhan could finish his words, he saw Hu Pazzi’s face change, followed by several charms rising from his body, instantly surrounding Ge Yuhan.