Seeing that this Qin Jingyun’s strength was actually close to reaching the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling both tensed up!
They did not expect that this Qin Jingyun had even hidden part of his strength!
When the surrounding crowd saw this, they also looked at Chen Ping, mentioning that Chen Ping was worried!
After all, the difference in strength between Chen Ping and Qin Jingyun was too great!
“This time, I guess this little Taoist friend is going to be in trouble.”
“There’s no chance of winning when the Harmonisation Realm follows the Transition Realm.”
“This Taoist friend is a pill master, right, yesterday, he even compared the Pill Zun, it’s a pity that he has a skill in refining pills.”
Some people recognised Chen Ping’s identity and could not help but feel some pity!
After all, a high-level pill refiner was rare, but everyone knew that the strength of pill refiners was not too high, after all, the main focus of these pill refiners was put on alchemy and medicine!
“Kid, are you scared now? If you’re afraid, you can kneel on the ground and kowtow to me three times, and I’ll spare you this punch!”
Qin Jingyun looked towards Chen Ping and said with a smug expression!
“The third rank of the Transition Realm, that’s not bad at all, I didn’t think that your stupid big man from the Giant Savage Palace would be able to practise to this level!”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently, not putting Qin Jingyun in his eyes in the slightest!
Even if Qin Jingyun was now showing strength up to the third rank of the Transition Realm, Chen Ping was still unafraid!
Only to see the golden light flashing on Chen Ping’s body, the power of the Divine Dragon erupted out!
Boom …………
The two fists clashed against each other, emitting a deafening sound that was like a thunderbolt from a clear sky!
Click …………
Only a crisp bone cracking sound could be heard, Qin Jingyun’s face changed drastically, the blood-coloured mist around his body instantly dissipated, and his entire body instantly flew backwards!
Boom …………
Qin Jingyun’s huge body directly collapsed the houses received on both sides, and kept flying out for hundreds of metres before stopping, and for this distance of hundreds of metres, all the houses collapsed and were in a mess!
Seeing this scene, everyone’s eyes were wide open and silent!
None of them had expected that Chen Ping, a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, had sent Qin Jingyun, a third ranked Transition Realm powerhouse, flying out with a single punch!
It was outrageous, simply outrageous!
“Gongzi ……”
Several disciples from the Giant Savage Palace rushed over to check on Qin Jingyun’s condition!
One could only see Qin Jingyun’s arm hanging helplessly, obviously broken!
His body was also covered in blood, enough to see how powerful Chen Ping’s punch had just been!
Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling grew their mouths, looking at Chen Ping incredulously!
Especially Ji Meiyan’s eyes were glowing!
Originally, she already had a love for Chen Ping, and now after seeing such a valiant side of Chen Ping, Ji Meiyan could not hold back her inner budding even more!
Ji Meiyan did not realise that the eyes of Ji Meiling, who was by her side at the moment, had also changed when she looked at Chen Ping!
In the Celestial Realm, the strong were honoured!
Chen Ping was now at the realm of the Harmonisation Realm and had directly punched Qin Jingyun, a cultivator of the Transition Realm, full of wounds, so how could this kind of man not make a woman fall in love with him!
Moreover, Chen Ping also knew the art of medicine and was a high-level pill refiner, which was more powerful than even a Pill Zun!
Most of all, Chen Ping also knew arts and techniques, and could even crack illusion formations with ease!
This kind of perfect man made both sisters, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling, move their hearts!
In the Celestial Realm, the treatment of male and female feelings did not have the kind of constraints and ties that the mundane world had, if Chen Ping nodded his head right now, the two sisters, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling, would dedicate themselves without hesitation!
To be able to be visited by a strong person like Chen Ping, the sisters would feel honoured!
Chen Ping did not know what these two sisters were thinking, but instead coldly looked at Qin Jingyun who was being assisted over!
Qin Jingyun’s face was incomparably ugly, the young master of the Giant Savage Palace, a third grade cultivator of the Transitional Apparition realm, was sent flying by Chen Ping with a single punch!
It was also in front of so many people, disgraceful, just too disgraceful!