Chen Ping thought of that Liu Jiannan, after all, Liu Jiannan was acquiring Immortal Spirit Stones in Beast City and knew a lot about this aspect!
However, on second thought, this Liu Zhongnan was too afraid of death, and was also considered a member of the Beast City’s City Lord’s Mansion, if he really told Liu Zhongnan about this mineral vein, it was expected that this fellow would take it for himself!
This guy was too greedy and deathly afraid of life, coupled with his status as a member of the City Lord’s Mansion, Chen Ping then censored Liu Jiannan!
Chen Ping thought of Bai Cheng, but he also felt that it was not right, that Bai Cheng was General Xing’s guest secretary, if Bai Cheng knew about it, he was afraid that that General Xing would have to know about it as well!
Chen Ping didn’t want General Xing to know about it. Now that his strength was below others, if the other party forcefully seized this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, Chen Ping had no way to stop it!
Suddenly, Chen Ping suddenly thought of someone, that was the Uncle Qian that Missy had brought him to see when he had just entered Beast City!
Uncle Qian was not someone from the City Lord’s Mansion yet, and that Uncle Qian was still a human, so surely he could not have followed the people of Beast City clanging about!
Plus, Uncle Qian’s strength had already reached the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, which was also enough to kill the four directions!
At that time, that Uncle Qian behaved cordially enough after knowing that he was also a human cultivator.
“It’s just him ……”
Chen Ping secretly settled in his heart that he would follow that Uncle Qian to co-operate in mining this vein of Immortal Spirit Stones!
Chen Ping knew that he could not stay in Beast City for long, so he had to find someone to co-operate and mine the Immortal Spirit Stones for a short period of time!
After thinking well, Chen Ping looked at a few people, “You few wait for me here, I’m going to do something, when I’m not around, don’t mine the Immortal Spirit Stones on your own, and preserve your spiritual energy to prevent accidents!”
“Big brother Chen …… you …… are you going to save my brother out?”
Xiong Ying had already told Chen Ping where the Immortal Spirit Stone vein was, so by all accounts Chen Ping should have gone to save his brother out!
“Not bad, this is me going to save your brother out!”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said!
“Thank you!”Xiong Ying smiled towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body shivered slightly, this Xiong Ying’s smile was so beautiful!
Chen Ping had not felt this way for a while, but Chen Ping, who had already read countless people, was not in much of a hurry for the matter of dual cultivation!
After all, he now had Zhong Li by his side, and he had never been short of women around him, all of them were beautiful women!
Chen Ping walked out of the cave and headed straight to Beast City!
And at this time, in one of the general’s mansions in Beast City, there was a corpse inside the courtyard!
This corpse was that of Qiu Yu, and Qiu Tu looked at his brother’s corpse with mixed feelings inside!
A man wearing a general’s uniform with a heavy face was Qiu Tintu’s father, Qiu Wanha.
Qiu Wanha didn’t have much sadness, his eyes were full of gravity.
“Tu’er, you said that your brother was killed by a cultivator of the ninth rank of the Transitional Succession realm, and that you were no match for him?”
Qiu Wanha asked to Qiu Tu!
“Father, it’s like this, and I’ve investigated, this guy is called Chen Ping, and has become that Criminal Dao Rong’s guest secretary.”
Qiu Tu nodded and said!
The Criminal Dao Rong in Qiu Tu’s mouth was none other than General Xing, one of the Three Great Beast Generals!
“Criminal Dao Rong’s guest secretary, dares to kill my son, it seems that the grudge between me and him is going to explode early!”
After Qiu Wanha finished speaking, he slowly raised his head to look to the south, because the south of his place was precisely that Criminal Daorong’s general’s residence!
“General, the guy who disturbed the Immortal Spirit Stone market and privately acquired Immortal Spirit Stones has been found!”
At this moment, the Qiu family’s butler walked into the compound and said to Qiu Wanha!
“Tu’er, take the people to take a look, if they can be subdued, then try to subdue them, don’t fight and kill them.”
“We must prepare the Immortal Spirit Stones as soon as possible before we can do so, the appointed time is almost here!”
Qiu Wanha said after Qiu Tu!
“Father, that brother’s body ……”
“Burned ……”
Qiu Wanha said casually, as if that Qiu Yu was just an ordinary person, not his own son!