“This statue even has a taboo above it, it seems that there must be a secret within the statue, or perhaps the jade brief in the statue’s hand is some supreme secret.”
Although Mu Naiyi was sent flying, he was not the least bit displeased, but instead said happily!
“You go take a look and see if there are any records on that jade sketch.”
Mu Yao said to that Mu family member who had scouted his way in!
This time, that Mu family member almost didn’t cry!
Even Mu Naiyi had been sent flying by the taboo, wouldn’t he, with his strength, be sent flying into the sky by the taboo!
But he couldn’t not listen, at this moment, this Mu family member had long cursed in his heart!
Why did he choose himself every time!
This Mu family member cautiously stepped forward, then approached the statue and forcefully moved forward, wanting to see what was on the jade brief!
But because he was too nervous, the Mu family member suddenly threw himself on top of the statue!
“Ah …………”
This time, it startled that Mu family member!
However, the statue’s taboo didn’t seem to have opened, and that Mu family member was fine!
“I …… I’m fine?”
That Mu family member was confused!
Mu Yao and also Mu Naiyi were also in a state of confusion!
Mu Yao personally went forward and touched the statue, but surprisingly, it was also unresponsive.
“Eldest Miss, it’s alright ah……”
Mu Yao said as he looked towards Mu Nai Yi!
Mu Naiyi also frowned slightly, and then went forward to touch it again!
Buzz!
Golden light appeared, Mu Naiyi was once again sent flying out, and this time, it seemed to have been injured, with blood flowing from the corner of her mouth!
“This …………”
Mu Yao was confused!
He was obviously fine touching the statue, but that Mu Naiyi went up and touched it, how come he was sent flying all of a sudden?
Mu Naiyi was also confused, not understanding what was going on!
“Missy, could it be that this statue is divided into male and female, and because you’re a female, that’s why it triggered the taboo?”
Mu Yao analysed!
“It’s possible!”Mu Naiyi nodded, but then mused, “It’s also possible that the statue’s taboo isn’t differentiated according to male and female, but according to merit.”
“I cultivate an ice system technique, so I might trigger the statue’s taboo, while you guys cultivate a fire system technique, so you shouldn’t trigger it.”
“Try typing a spiritual qi into this statue and see what changes there are!”
Taboos that were differentiated according to male and female were really uncommon, but it was normal that many taboos would be differentiated according to their gong methods!
Mu Yao nodded, then gently pressed his hand on top of the statue and began to emit aura!
A channel of aura entered the statue’s body, and the statue did transform!
The halo around the statue became brighter, and even the jade slip in the statue’s hand began to emit light!
“Missy, merit inheritance, merit inheritance ……”
Mu Yao shouted out in excitement!
“Speak slowly, what’s going on?”
Mu Nai Yi asked!
“Eldest Miss, after I typed in my aura, I followed the statue and created communication, I was actually able to see the gongfu inheritance on top of that jade slip.”
“This is an Immortal Technique, if our Mu Family has this inheritance, in the future in the Celestial Realm, who would dare to mess with us!”
Mu Yao was so excited that he was about to jump up!
When the others heard this, they were all excited as well, this was an Immortal Law Inheritance, if they all learnt it, it would be great!
This Immortal Law Inheritance was much more bullish than the Extreme Stone!
Once Mu Naiyi heard it, he was also breathing heavily, his heart was in ecstasy!
“Mu Yao, you immediately learn that Immortal Law Inheritance, make sure you learn it as is.”
“When we return, I will recommend you to become the Mu Family’s Grand Elder, giving you supreme power.”
Mu Naiyi knew that there was no way for her to obtain that Immortal Law Inheritance, it could only be done by Mu Yao!
“Don’t worry, Eldest Miss, I will do my best!”
Mu Yao really wanted to wail a few times at this moment, this was simply a blessing from heaven!
“The rest of you protect the law, you must ensure Mu Yao’s safety.”
Mu Naiyi ordered to the rest of the Mu Family.
“Yes, sir!”The Mu family members all said excitedly!