Chen Ping frowned, this mole monster was definitely a beast race, and in the vicinity of Bashi Village, he only knew of one beast race territory, Ich’s Demon Emperor City, if it was a mole monster under Ich’s Demon Emperor that stole the God King Bow, Chen Ping wasn’t afraid, he’d run if it was another beast race that stole it!
“Nie Heng, in the vicinity of this Bashi Village, apart from Ihe’s Demon Emperor’s Demon Emperor City, are there any other beast clans entrenched nearby?”
Chen Ping asked to Nie Heng!
After all, as a great disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect, Nie Heng was definitely clear about the nearby forces!
“There is, there’s also a Ming Li King City, the leader of which is called King Li, and it’s just over three hundred kilometres from Bashi Village.”
“This Ming Li King City and the Demon Emperor City are exactly one south and one north of Dashi Village, and this human habitat of ours is in the middle of these two beast royal cities.”
Nie Heng said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was silent, he couldn’t decide right now which side of the Mole Monster had stolen his God King’s Bow!
But it would be too much of a waste of time for him to make a trip to Demon Emperor City right now.
Just when Chen Ping was in a dilemma, Lang Feng unexpectedly escorted Ally back!
After a few days of recuperation, Ah Li had recovered almost completely, but for the sake of Ah Li’s safety, Lang Feng still escorted him himself!
When Ali looked at the ruins of the village and the newly built graves, his eyes were amazed and sad!
“Brother Ah Li …………”
Yun’er and Pillar all ran over excitedly when they saw Ah Li!
The old village headman was also full of joy when he saw Ah Li had returned and greeted him!
“Old Village Chief, what’s going on with this ……? How did it turn out like this?”
Ah Li asked with a face full of amazement!
The old village chief sighed and told Ali what had happened after him!
But the old village chief only told about the attack on them by the Big Green Village, he didn’t tell about the Jade Tripod Sect!
After all, now that Chen Ping had released Nie Heng and forgiven him for his sins, the old village elder didn’t want to stir up any more hatred for the Jade Tripod Sect in Ah Li!
If Ah Li got angry and wanted to fight with Nie Heng, it would make things very difficult for Chen Ping!
“These guys from Da Qing Village, I’m going to break them into pieces.”
Ah Li gritted his teeth, his fists clenched tightly together!
“All the main forces of Big Green Village have now been wiped out by Chen Ping, only a few old and sick people are left, in a few days you can just bring your men to move all the resources of Big Green Village back!”
The old village chief said to Ah Li!
A Li nodded, then walked towards Chen Ping and said “Chen Ping, thank you ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly and said, “This incident started because of me, so I should be the one to say thank you. If you hadn’t saved me, I would have become food for the demon beasts.”
“Mr. Chen, I have escorted the people back, I also need to go back to my orders.”
“I have a personal letter from Princess Isha here, asking me to give it to you.”
Lang Feng respectfully pulled out a letter and handed it to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping took the letter and did not read it, but put it directly into his arms, then said, “Wait a moment, I want to write a letter to the Ichthus Demon Emperor, you help me bring it back to the Demon Emperor City!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he went into his room and wrote a letter, and used a simple spell to seal the letter so that no one else could see it!
After sending Lang Feng away, Chen Ping followed the people of Bashi Village to say goodbye, and also followed Nie Heng on his way to the 10 million Jade Tripod Sect!
On the way, Chen Ping read Princess Isha’s letter, which didn’t say anything about anything, but was just pouring out how much he missed Chen Ping!
It could be seen that this Princess Isha was a person who dared to love and hate, she had only just met Chen Ping for a short while and she had even started writing love letters, and whether the contents in them were powerful or not, it made Chen Ping blush a little!
Putting the letter away, Chen Ping asked Nie Heng about some matters of the Jade Tripod Sect!