Seeing that these four people were entrusted by someone, Chen Ping fell into deep thought, who would entrust them to come here?
“Pavilion Master Zhao, who are these four old men?”
Chen Ping asked to Zhao Wuji.
“Mr. Chen, these four are the four villains of the Valley of Evil, the one who just spoke to you is Ding Bu Da, the one next to him with long hair is Ding Bu Er, the fatter one is Ding Bu San, and the thinnest one is Ding Bu Si ……”
Zhao Wuji followed Chen Ping’s introduction in a small voice.
“The four villains, the four villains?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he seemed to have heard of these people, and suddenly, Chen Ping remembered that he had heard the names of the Four Villains from Long Wu’s mouth.
Wu Mei’er was picked up by the Four Evil Men at that time, and later had Ding Bu San give her to Long Wu to raise!
In that case, it seemed likely that these Four Evil Men were entrusted to Long Wu, but Chen Ping just couldn’t understand how Long Wu knew these people.
“Ding isn’t big, isn’t it a bit too much for you to casually meddle in the affairs of our Kyoto Martial Alliance?”
Zhu Zhishan walked onto the stage and asked with an icy expression.
“Excessive you paralyze …… a bunch of you guys bullying a kid, isn’t that excessive? Don’t f*cking yell at me, we’re here to take him today, if you don’t like it, let’s have a match ……”
Ding Dada’s scolding made that Zhu Zhishan’s face red!
He didn’t expect these four villains to be so blunt in their speech at their age, cursing people with their mouths open!
But Chen Ping liked this kind of temperament!
It seemed that it was not without reason that these four people were called the Four Villains.
“You …… you ……” Zhu Zhishan’s face was red with anger as he pointed at Ding Da: “Does your Vicious Valley want to challenge the entire martial arts world? ”
“I pooh ……” Ding Dada pooh-poohed, and then said coldly: “You want to shame, your Kyoto Martial Alliance, can’t even represent these martial arts families in the whole of Kyoto, you still want to represent the whole martial arts world, you don’t even take a P*ss Look at yourself.”
“Big brother, this guy probably can’t even pee, you forgot that he practiced evil kung fu and nullified his ability to be a man.”
Ding Bu Er was on the sidelines, jokingly saying.
“Second Brother, that’s the Sunflower Canon you’re talking about, right? You look at Zhu Zhishan with a beard on his mouth, so he must not be practising the Sunflower Canon.”
Ding Buzan surveyed Zhu Zhishan and suddenly smiled sorrowfully, “He must be practicing …………”
“Shut up, shut up to me ……”
Zhu Zhishan was anxious, no one knew about his practice of evil kung fu, and the four villains definitely did not know about it, but knowing that the other party was just talking nonsense, but this also Avray stung Zhu Zhishan’s nerves.
“Hahahaha ……” Hearing the words of several people, Chen Ping just couldn’t help but laugh out loud!
Looking at that Zhu Zhishan’s face was cold to the core, gritting his teeth to death!
“Zhu Zhishan, you can’t kill me today, but sooner or later I will kill you, and all of you ……”
Chen Ping looked coldly at Zhu Zhishan, then shifted his gaze towards the four Law Enforcement Elders.
The four law enforcement elders did not care in the slightest about Chen Ping’s threat, although Chen Ping had shown strength and was already very strong at this age, the stronger he was, the more difficult it was to break through.
I’m afraid that in ten or eight years, Chen Ping might not be a match for the four of them, and besides, it was an unknown whether Chen Ping would live that long!
“I’ll wait for you, but I just don’t know if your beloved one, can wait until the day you kill me ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes faintly stared as he faintly threatened.
“If you dare to hurt Yu Qi, I will definitely exterminate your whole family ……”
A bloodthirsty killing intent erupted from Chen Ping’s body!
“Young man, before you have the strength, it is better not to talk big, we four brothers can come to save you today, it does not mean that we will save you forever, put yourself wise.”
After finishing his sentence, Ding Da turned around and walked towards the outside of the venue.