But Chen Ping couldn’t care less at that moment, his body leapt up and then, with a slight click on the surface of the water, his body took to the air again!
But just as Chen Ping’s foot was on the surface of the water again, ready to walk on the water, his face suddenly changed!
Chen Ping could only feel the air around him instantly tumbling with a powerful pressure, making Chen Ping feel like a thousand pounds falling on his body, and he could not leap up.
The rich and pure aura around him also disappeared instantly, replaced by a terrifying suppressive force, as if the entire tomb had been imposed as a taboo.
Chen Ping’s body could not leap up, nor could he step on the surface of the water, his feet began to sink into the water, and bubbles continued to rise from the water, as if it was boiling.
Chen Ping was terrified and mobilised all his spiritual energy to lift his body upwards, but no matter how hard he tried, his feet seemed to be stuck in the water.
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi on the shore hastily pulled out two charms and recited the words under his breath, followed by the two charms being thrown out quickly!
“Chen Ping, step on it ……”
Hu Ma Zi yelled, and the two talismans, like wooden boats, floated above the water and arrived in front of Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly put his feet on top of the talismans, and with the power of these talismans, he quickly rushed towards the island.
With a place to lend a hand, Chen Ping lifted a mouthful of spiritual energy and kept rushing forward.
At this moment, in the boiling water, a black fish suddenly leapt out of the air, like a flying fish, and then spat out an arrow of water from its mouth.
Chen Ping’s face became incomparably grave and his body flashed with golden light, his Unbreakable Golden Body activated, he intended to ignore these flying fish and dash directly onto the island.
Dozens of water arrows struck Chen Ping’s body, but with the protection of his Unbreakable Golden Body, Chen Ping didn’t care at all, and the force of these water arrows was negligible!
Chen Ping was a bit puzzled, this kind of attack, not to mention dealing with some experts, even if it hit an ordinary person, it should not be injured, right?
But just as this thought surfaced, Chen Ping immediately felt an indescribable tightness all over his body.
Immediately afterwards, he heard a sizzling sensation of sizzling on an iron plate, accompanied by a nuisance sound.
When Chen Ping looked down, he found that somehow, the imperishable golden body on his body was now rapidly melting away, with a piece of scales falling off and disappearing.
The next thing that happened was that Chen Ping’s skin was splattered with blood, which gave Chen Ping a fright.
“Be careful, those water arrows are super corrosive, stronger than concentrated sulfuric acid, don’t get touched ……”
Hu Ma Zi shouted from the shore.
Chen Ping now burst into speechlessness, early f*cking did not say, now his whole body is corroded, this just say out.
But at this time Chen Ping has no way back, can only let out a low cry, the whole body’s spiritual power erupted, and the power of the divine dragon condensed into a golden dragon, followed by a dragon whistle!
Chen Ping’s eyes were icy cold, no matter how powerful these flying fish were, they could not block his way to the island!
“Go to hell ……”
Chen Ping pushed his palms together and light blue flames whistled out.
This was spirit fire, the spirit fire that Chen Ping used to refine pills, and at this moment he was going to burn all these flying fish to death.
And the golden dragon that had condensed into the sky also rose up, spewing out flames from its mouth and began to attack those flying fish!
Under the double attack of Chen Ping and the golden dragon, the flying fish’s bodies burst into flames and finally fell back into the water!
With this, Chen Ping leapt directly onto the island.
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a beggar, his clothes were corroded and torn, and there was still blood flowing from many places.
Fortunately, they were all superficial wounds, not serious injuries!