To be able to get General Xing’s token, that must be a senior guest of the General’s residence, not something that ordinary guards like them could afford to offend!
Seeing that the three guards suddenly stepped aside and respectfully apologised to Chen Ping, Qiu Yu was a little confused!
“What are you guys doing? Why don’t you arrest him for me?”
Qiu Yu yelled.
His voice echoed in the silent streets, making it particularly harsh.
“Prince Qiu, I’m really sorry, he has General Xing’s token and is General Xing’s guest minister, so he hasn’t violated the curfew, we don’t have the right to arrest him.”
A guard said after Qiu Yu!
When Qiu Yu heard this, he froze and looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, walked past Qiu Yu with the token in his hand, with a few provocations in his eyes.
“Damn, no wonder this kid was able to come out from within the prison, it must be the ghost of surname Xing, this is blatantly following our Qiu family against us.”
“I’m going to tell father about this, it mustn’t be left like this!”
Qiu Yu left in a huff!
…………
In the inn!
The youngest sister follows her brother who has been released, and the two are arguing!
The youngest sister’s face was red with anger, and she was about to cry with anger!
“Brother, you have been released, what are you waiting for that Chen Ping for? We should have left this place a long time ago.”
“Now that it’s dark, we can’t leave the city either, if you get caught up again, I’ll never care about you again!”
The youngest sister yelled with a face full of anger!
Originally the youngest sister brother don’t put out after, came to the inn to find the youngest sister, see their own brother, the youngest sister is very happy, would like to take her brother out of the beast city to go home!
However, the youngest sister’s brother insisted on waiting for Chen Ping, and simply did not intend to leave!
“Sister, this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, don’t be foolish.”
“If we follow that Chen Ping and climb up the ladder, we won’t have to worry for the rest of our lives.”
“I don’t care if you’re in a relationship with him or not, you have to find a way to take him down.”
“When the two of you sleep together, then you’ll have raw rice and never have to worry again!”
Brother Missy persuaded Missy!
His eyes were filled with anticipation and excitement, obviously full of confidence in Chen Ping.
During this period of time, Brother Youngest Sister had learnt about some of Chen Ping’s things, and also the matter of the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, so he had made up his mind to follow Chen Ping!
If that vein was true, then wouldn’t they not worry about resources for the rest of their lives if they followed Chen Ping.
However, he also knew that relying on the strength of the two siblings, they were not qualified to follow Chen Ping, and people could not look at them, after all, they were just a burden to follow Chen Ping, and could not help much!
So the youngest brother desperately let his sister to go to sleep with Chen Ping, as long as followed Chen Ping slept, that is Chen Ping’s woman!
Regardless of their strength, Chen Ping can’t get rid of them anyway!
Then Chen Ping, the brother-in-law, would be sitting pretty!
“Brother, what are you talking about? Are you planning to sell me out? What kind of drug did that Chen Ping give you that you are now desperately pushing me into his arms?”
“I remember in the beginning, when you met that Chen Ping, you also said that you told him not to hit on me and told me to guard against him.”
The youngest sister did not understand what her brother had been going through these past few days, how could he suddenly change his attitude!
“Aiya, don’t you care, anyway, just listen to me.”
The youngest sister’s brother was not in a good position to explain!
After all, the less people knew about that Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, the better, if it got out, it might be life threatening!
“I don’t listen, anyway, tomorrow at dawn I’ll leave, you love to go or not, if you’re caught up in, I don’t care about you anymore!”
The youngest sister huffed and puffed and directly lay down on the bed, not paying attention to her brother!