Yu Wenqiang froze, then whispered, “Emperor Xiao, this Feng family is a member of the Seal Demon Alliance, they ……”
“I don’t care what alliance he is in, this is an order, tell General Qian, if I don’t hear the news of the Feng Family’s destruction after five days, have him personally come to the Imperial City to thank me for his sins!”
Xiao Yuanshan’s face was ice-cold, and his voice carried an undeniable tone.
Yu Wenqiang’s body trembled slightly, then he hurriedly nodded his head and said, “I understand, I will immediately go and order!”
While Yu Wenqiang left, Xiao Yuanshan looked towards Chen Ping and said, “Mr Chen, feel free to stay here for a while without any worries, there is no need to be in a hurry, the district is just a Feng family, you don’t need to take it to heart!”
Chen Ping and Zhen Yuandao were all a little shocked as they watched Xiao Yuanshan let a family be annihilated with a single word!
But this was strength, as long as there was enough strength after that, any difficulty would not be called difficulty!
“Emperor Xiao, thank you very much!”Chen Ping arched his hand towards Xiao Yuanshan!
Chen Ping was still planning to unite with the people from Chen Wenliang’s Central Region Apothecary Guild and go with him to snatch back the Hu Huang City and destroy the Feng Family!
Now, it seemed that it would not be useful.
Xiao Yuanshan personally put Chen Ping and the others in order, and then personally brought the immortal bone!
It was a section of leg bone, and it was obvious that the bone had been there for a very long time, and it had all been jadeised!
The crystal clear leg bone was like white jade!
Chen Ping knew the moment he received the Immortal Bone that it was the skeleton of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was also excited at this moment, as long as his skeleton could be put together, then he could be reborn and no longer have to be suffocated in Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness!
Right now, if the Red Cloud Demon Monarch wanted to move around, he still needed to use Chen Ping’s body, but Chen Ping’s body wasn’t able to let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch go through the motions, and he could only control the execution of two moves!
If he was able to resurrect himself, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would definitely look for someone.A great battle!
“Emperor Xiao, can I take the liberty of asking from where this …… this Immortal Bone was obtained?”
Chen Ping was curious to know from where Xiao Yuan Shan got his Immortal Bone, if he knew the address, he could have taken his chances in going there!
“This is something that the Blood and Bone Sect begged me to do and then gave it to me, as for where they got it from, I don’t know.”
Xiao Yuanshan said truthfully!
“Blood and Bone Sect?”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, he did not seem to have heard of this sect!
“That being said, the Blood and Bone Sect is a group of demonic cultivators that use human bones and human blood to cultivate, and have been operating in the Southern Region around the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
“And the people of the Blood and Bone Sect would also collect the many immortal bones left behind at the time of the God-Devil War to use as resources for cultivation.”
“Later on, when they were hunted down, the Blood and Bone Sect could only run to the territory of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty to seek refuge, and specially sent this Immortal Bone.”
Xiao Yuanshan explained after Chen Ping!
“Then is this Blood and Bone Sect still in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
Chen Ping looked a little agitated upon hearing this!
In the hands of this Blood and Bone Sect, it was estimated that there was still the bones of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, if one could get the bones of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch together in the hands of the Blood and Bone Sect, after the rebirth of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, wouldn’t he or she become the overlord of the Celestial Realm?
What Demon Sealing Alliance, what Mu family, what Inferno Demon …………
Let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch bare them all to death with a splash of urine!
“Not anymore, they left the Xiao Dynasty a long time ago, and only sheltered in my Xiao Dynasty for a few decades.”
“I guess they went back to the Heavenly Demon Mountain again, after all, more Immortals have fallen there.”
Xiao Yuan Shan said!
“Oh!”Chen Ping looked downcast!
“Mr Chen, if you’re looking for the Blood and Bone Sect, do you still want the Immortal Bone? Although this thing is good, but if you want to rely on the Immortal Bone to cultivate, I’m afraid it won’t be that easy, you can only use it as a weapon!”
Seeing that expression on Chen Ping’s face, Xiao Yuanshan hurriedly said!
“I was just casually asking.”Chen Ping hurriedly said with a smile!
After chatting for a while, Xiao Yuanshan left and sent someone to send Chen Ping a large amount of cultivation resources!