After all, the Divine King’s Bow was a famous divine weapon in the Celestial Realm, how many people had lost their lives for the Divine King’s Bow, if that Zeng Nian’an saw that the Divine King’s Bow had moved to greed, Chen Ping would really be in trouble!
One Qi Peijia was so difficult to deal with, if the Heavenly Demon Sect was added, Chen Ping had no hope of survival!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Slashing Sword and quickly tapped a few times in the void, a formation pattern visible to the naked eye appeared, and all the power within Chen Ping’s body began to revolve!
Immediately following Chen Ping’s brow, a flame appeared, and along with the flame hitting on top of that formation pattern, a wall of fire appeared!
The dark golden flame caused the entire void to become scorching hot, and even the surrounding mountains and rocks began to melt.
That black mist then collided together following the fire wall that Chen Ping had just offered!
Boom!
With a deafening roar, the wall of fire unexpectedly went out quickly under that black mist, however, the speed and power of that black mist also began to decrease!
Chen Ping knew that his wall of fire would not be able to block that black mist at all, so immediately after the wall of fire was extinguished, he immediately swung his Dragon Slashing Sword in a smooth chop!
And as he swung out the sword, his body kept retreating backwards!
A curtain of light blocked in front of the black mist, but it was only a short breath before that black mist came through the curtain of light!
Chen Ping frowned, he found that this Qipaijia was but too difficult to deal with, if he did not use the Divine King Bow, there was really no way to deal with it!
The black mist had decreased quite a bit under the two blocks, both in terms of speed and power, Chen Ping knew that there was no way he could retreat anymore, so he spat out a mouthful of essence blood, the blood mist attached itself to Chen Ping’s Undying Golden Body, and was instantly absorbed by the Undying Golden Body!
After the essence blood was absorbed, the Unbreakable Golden Body exuded countless golden rays, and a halo visible to the naked eye appeared around Chen Ping’s body!
“Ah…………”
Chen Ping let out an explosive cry, asking him to use his Unbreakable Golden Body and his own strong physical body to resist Qi Peijia’s strike!
Within Chen Ping’s body, all of his aura was exploded out, and the Origin Stars within the Origin Space shone with a dazzling light!
Boom!
That black mist crashed into Chen Ping’s body!
A huge sound instantly resounded throughout the entire Heavenly Demon Sect, and the violent shockwaves spread out in all directions!
Patriarch Jiang and Ochre Yan all of them had their fists clenched, their hearts in their throats!
Chen Ping’s body trembled violently, and immediately after, he flew backwards, while that black mist also dissipated instantly!
Chen Ping fell heavily onto the ground, directly smashing out a pit that was more than ten metres deep!
The surrounding area was even more mountainous and rocky, just like the end of the world!
“Mr Chen …………”
Seeing this scene, Patriarch Jiang and the others became anxious and ran over with a loud roar!
Qi Peijia, on the other hand, raised the corner of his mouth, and the beast condensed by the black mist slowly dissipated!
“Fighting with me, you’re not even close ……”
Qi Peijia laughed coldly, with this strike he knew that Chen Ping would definitely not be able to climb up even if he did not die!
Zeng Nianan also shook his head slightly and sighed slightly “Not bad for a talent, it’s a pity …… pity ……”
“Even if it’s me, just now that strike, also afraid to catch not ……”
Zeng Nian’an is the same Transition Realm eighth grade cultivation, but just now Qi Peijia’s strike, is indeed too powerful, although he is also the Transition Realm eighth grade, but that strike he did not have the confidence that he could carry down!
At this time, Patriarch Jiang and the others had already run to the edge of the large pit that had been smashed out by Chen Ping, looking at the large pit that was more than a dozen metres deep, Patriarch Jiang as well as Ochre Yan and the others called out!
“Mr Chen ……”
“Mr Chen ……”
However, after shouting several times in a row, they did not see Chen Ping responding, and Chen Ping’s figure could not be seen, buried by the rocks!
At this moment, Patriarch Jiang and the others panicked, they were all afraid that something had happened to Chen Ping, after all, that strike just now was just too terrifying!