“Hmph, don’t measure up to yourself ……”
Fei Qingping snorted coldly, “Make a move ……”
Those disciples of the Sacred Beast Palace all charged up towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s body shook slightly as a terrifying aura erupted, directly sending those Sacred Beast Palace disciples flying.
Some of those with low strength were directly shaken to the point that their internal organs were shattered and they instantly lost their voices.
Chen Ping was now a half-step Martial Marquis, and he had no fear even when facing newly promoted Martial Marquises, these Martial Sects were as good as ants to him!
Fei Qingping frowned, “It seems that I have underestimated you ……”
After saying that, the Martial Marquis power on Fei Qingping’s body exploded out, followed by his double fists smashing directly at Chen Ping.
These two fists of Fei Qingping were like giant hammers that directly tore through space-time.
Seeing this, Chen Ping dodged Fei Qingping’s attack with a flash of his body, but with this punch, Fei Qingping directly collapsed half of the villa.
“Chen Ping, I know you have an Unbreakable Golden Body, but under this iron fist of mine, your Unbreakable Golden Body is completely useless ……”
Fei Qingping finished speaking and smashed his fist down once again.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, it seemed that being too famous was not a good thing.
Many of the details of his base had been exposed on the martial arts forum, and with a little bit of checking by the other party, he would be able to know the details of his base.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
A golden light wrapped around Chen Ping’s fist, and then he met it with a punch.
Chen Ping also wanted to try out just how far he had reached in this half-step Martial Marquis peak state.
Perhaps following Fei Qingping in this great battle would enable him to have an opportunity to break through!
Boom!
The two fists clashed, and after a loud sound, the entire villa collapsed with a bang.
Chen Ping and Fei Qingping both flew into the sky from the ruins!
They then landed on the mountain side not far away, and at this moment, a large number of Sacred Beast Palace disciples saw this and all gathered around them.
“Don’t come any closer, getting closer is death ……”
Xiao Da shouted at those Sacred Beast Palace disciples.
The Martial Marquis strength sparring match was not something that those ordinary disciples could interfere to get close to, the after-effects of the sparring match alone could crush these disciples into mush.
Hearing Xiao Da’s words, those Sacred Beast Palace disciples all dared not approach and retreated backwards.
Fei Qingping’s eyes narrowed slightly as he looked at Chen Ping, his arm was numb from the shock at the moment.
“How can you, a half-step Martial Marquis, have such terrifying power?”
Fei Qingping looked at Chen Ping in amazement.
Although there was only a hair’s breadth difference between the Martial Marquis and the half-step Martial Marquis realm, there was a gulf in power and aura.
But now, Fei Qingping, a Martial Marquis, did not have the slightest advantage against Chen Ping, a half-step Martial Marquis.
“It’s not that my power is terrifying, it’s that you, a Martial Marquis, are too poor, you wouldn’t have taken a pill and pushed yourself up to the Martial Marquis realm, would you?”
Chen Ping sneered at Fei Qingping.
“b*****d, you dare to treat me so lightly, this Martial Marquis realm of mine took me decades of cultivation to reach, how can I let you treat me lightly!”
After Fei Qingping finished speaking, his terrifying energy erupted and he once again charged towards Chen Ping.
In a flash, the two figures were weaving across the mountain, and there were rumbling explosions everywhere.
From the mountainside to the top of the mountain, the whole mountain was pinned down a lot.
After fighting for hundreds of strokes, Fei Qingping felt his strength was a little stretched, but watching Chen Ping, he was getting braver and braver!
Chen Ping was excited at the moment, he was not in a hurry to defeat Fei Qingping, but was using him to refine himself.
The threshold of entering Martial Marquis might be broken on Fei Qingping.
Fei Qingping gasped for air and looked at Chen Ping somewhat incredulously.
“No wonder those in the Kyoto Martial Dao community all want to kill you, you half-step Martial Marquis, you can’t even help me, a Martial Marquis?”
At this moment, Fei Qingping only felt that his whole body was powerless, and his energy had been depleted to the point where there was very little left!
“You’re worthy of being called a Martial Marquis? Just like you, any half-step Martial Marquis can beat you ……”
Chen Ping said with a mocking expression.