Especially cultivators who relied on their own cultivation, their own enlightenment, and then had an epiphany to break through to Mahayana were simply few and far between!
Nowadays, many people are relying on some kind of magic weapon, treasures as an opportunity to trigger the thunderbolt, breaking through that last point of the orangutan!
However, the Mahayana realm cultivators who relied on magical artefacts and treasures as external factors to break through were slightly inferior to those who relied on their own epiphanies to break through, regardless of whether it was in terms of gongfu enlightenment or cultivation!
Seeing that Huo Dong had broken through to the Mahayana Realm, the faces of all the people from the Old Sect Master’s lineage were hard to see!
Now that Huo Dong had broken through, the difference in strength between the two sides had become even more disparate!
Chen Ping was still being bombarded by thunderbolts, and he didn’t know how many thunderbolts he had suffered, Chen Ping didn’t move at all, and his body even smelled like paste and charcoal!
Huo Dong looked down at Chen Ping, his mouth hummed disdainfully, “I was going to kill you myself, but it looks like I won’t be able to use it ……”
Huo Yuan Ting also looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile, not to mention how pleased he was!
His own son had broken through to the Mahayana realm, he himself had become the Purple Flame Sect Master, and the Divine Flame Seal was still in his hands!
The main thing was that Chen Ping was also dead, and the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offering was about to be in hand!
Everyone was looking at Chen Ping as a joke, but no one thought that Chen Ping had only broken through to the fifth rank of the Transition Realm, but this Thunder Tribulation was much stronger than Huo Dong’s Mahayana Realm Thunder Tribulation!
Huo Dong’s thunder tribulation had ended long ago, but Chen Ping’s thunder tribulation was still blasting away, so it didn’t need to be thought about to know what this represented!
“Seventy-eight……”
“Seventy-nine ……”
The old Sect Master hadn’t said a word the entire time, counting silently in his heart!
“Father, what are you counting?”Zhu Ling asked!
“Thunder tribulation, that Chen Ping has suffered eighty-one thunder tribulations, this is even more numerous and violent than that Mahayana realm’s thunder tribulation!”
The old Sect Master said indifferently!
After the eighty-one thunder tribulations, the thunder tribulation cloud above Chen Ping’s head followed and dissipated!
A golden light appeared in the sky, directly covering a distance of a hundred feet in a circle!
“This …………”
Feeling the golden light, Huo Dong was instantly somewhat baffled!
One must know that this golden light was much more violent than the divine light when he had just broken through!
The others were also shocked as they felt the piercing golden light!
Chen Ping, who had originally been sitting cross-legged, had now risen, his body suspended in mid-air, bathed in golden light!
The skin that had just been a little scorched black was now radiating golden light!
It was only the broken clothes that made Chen Ping look, well, still a bit wretched!
Especially in front of Zhu Ling and Qian Xiu, after all, the two were girls, and seeing Chen Ping in that state, more or less blushed!
“Senior brother, could you lend me a piece of clothing to cover up?”
Chen Ping looked towards Wei Qing and asked!
“Of course you can, it’s just that this formation is blocking it, how can I give it to you?”
Wei Qing took off his own long shirt and asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at the blood-coloured chain that went straight to the clouds, his eyes were full of disdain as he reached out and grabbed it, directly grabbing the blood-coloured chain, and with a slight force, the entire Blood Refining Cage Formation began to shake!
In just an instant, the formation was broken, and those blood-coloured chains shattered and disappeared!
It was important to know that Chen Ping did not break the formation through the eye of the formation, but rather, he broke it with brute force in a hard way!
This way of breaking the formation was many times more difficult!
But in Chen Ping’s eyes, it was so easy!
Everyone could not understand how Chen Ping looked like he had increased his strength so much when he had only raised a small realm!
Especially with that aura on his body, it was straight up mind-numbing, even more bullish than that Huo Dong Rong Rong’s ascension to the Mahayana Realm!
Gu Tianzhao looked at the formation that he had gone through so much trouble to break under Chen Ping’s casual shaking, and for a moment, he was so scared that his legs went weak and his trousers became wet!
“Junior Brother Bullish, here are your clothes ……”
Wei Qing shouted excitedly and threw the clothes to Chen Ping!