However, this area was all under the shroud of thunder, so there was no room to dodge!
Boom!
Another thunderbolt came down, and a pill master was hit again, instantly falling to the ground!
This time, the crowd panicked and scrambled to escape!
“Everyone, don’t be chaotic, running around at this time will only lead to death!”
Chen Ping rushed out to stop them!
“Listen to Fellow Daoist Chen, no one is allowed to mess, no one moves!”
Chen Wenliang also stopped everyone from running about!
Running around at this time was the most unwise choice!
Rumbling …………
Thunder was still bombarding down, but it didn’t bombard people every time!
When it bombarded the ground, it would form a huge deep pit!
After a few thunderbolts had bombarded down, Chen Ping’s eyes suddenly lit up!
He noticed that the thunder did not seem to be attacking indiscriminately, but was selectively landing on certain areas.
This made him realise that it might be possible to predict or circumvent the bombardment of thunder in some way.
“Everyone, pay attention, the thunder seems to follow a particular trajectory.”Chen Ping quickly analysed, “We need to find this pattern and then use it to avoid the thunder.”
Chen Wenliang heard this and immediately organised the apothecaries to assist Chen Ping in his observation and analysis.
After some intense discussions, they found that the thunder always prioritised attacking those with lower cultivation or weaker physiques.
Perhaps this was a deliberate arrangement by the Pill God so that those with low strength would be eliminated!
This was also the reason why Ouyang Xing did not allow people with low cultivation levels, to enter the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
These people entered the Pill Cauldron Mountain, fearing that they would fly away in ashes before they could see the Pill God’s inheritance!
“Pill masters below the fifth rank of the Transitional Realm, all gather together, and those with higher cultivation levels surround the area, we will form a shield to protect these pill masters.”
Chen Ping proposed, having the higher cultivation pharmacists form a circle to protect those with lower cultivation levels.
“Is everyone ready? We’re going to start moving!”Chen Ping shouted.
Under Chen Ping’s command, the pill masters acted swiftly, arranging their formations according to the plan.
With a roar, another thunderbolt fell, but this time, it was blocked by the Pill Masters with higher cultivation levels joining forces without causing any damage.
Seeing this, the crowd’s confidence increased greatly as they followed Chen Ping’s instructions and advanced towards the top of the mountain step by step.
Although there were still thunderbolts constantly falling on the way, under Chen Ping’s leadership, the Apothecaries used their wisdom and courage to turn dangers into opportunities time and time again.
However, just after they had travelled some distance, the thunder in the sky suddenly became denser and fiercer, as if it was going to swallow the entire Pill Pot Mountain.
“Everyone be careful, this is the most critical moment!”Chen Ping reminded loudly.
This thunder followed the same pattern as the poisonous mist, the deeper they went, the more powerful it became, now was the critical moment, as long as they rushed through here, they would have withstood this thunder test!
Along with a few thick thunderbolts blasting down, the surrounding highly powerful pill masters desperately burst out their spiritual energy to form a shield to protect those pill masters in the centre who were less powerful!
However, after these few thunderbolts, the shield shattered, and several pharmacists were directly sent flying, each one falling to the ground with serious injuries!
Seeing this scene, Chen Wenliang was shocked!
Seeing that the thunder in the sky was forming once again and was about to strike down again, the crowd was all filled with fear!
“President Chen, you guys go, don’t mind us ……”
A pill master with a lower strength said!
“Yes, President Chen, run if you can, or we’ll all die here!”
“The treasures of the Pill Cauldron Mountain are really not that easy to take, resign yourself to your fate!”
Many pill masters waited for death to come!
They knew that with this strength, it was impossible for them to pass through this thunder!