“Hahaha, still you female doll know what you’re talking about, now hand over the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng and I can let you guys go!”
The one-eyed man laughed and stretched out his hand towards the woman!
“Senior sister, never give it to them ……”
Seeing this, the man in green rushed to loudly stop them!
“Less f*cking bullsh*t ……”
The one-eyed man waved his big hand, and the green-clothed man directly flew backwards!
Obviously in terms of strength, this man in green was much weaker!
Chen Ping also saw that this Soul Demon Sect’s demonic cultivators had their own unique skills for soul control, but in a real fight, they still lacked a lot!
It was like an array master, a pharmacist, specialising in one area, the other areas would if a lot!
After all, people’s energy is limited, not many people will follow Chen Ping, is a perverted genius ……
“Senior brother ……”
Seeing this, the green-clothed woman rushed forward to help her senior brother up!
“Hurry up and bring the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, old man’s patience is limited.”
One-eye was a little impatient!
“Good ……”
The woman in green nodded, then got up and slowly walked towards the one-eyed man!
“Senior sister, you must not ……” The man in green spat blood from his mouth and desperately tried to stop him!
However, that green-clothed woman acted as if she didn’t hear it!
“You guys must not kill me, I can give you the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!”
The woman in green had a face of fear and looked pathetic!
“Don’t worry, as long as you are obedient, there is no way I can kill you.”
The one-eyed man grinned!
The one-eyed man’s eyes were filled with greed, he was greedy for the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng in the green-clothed woman’s hand, and equally greedy for the young woman’s body!
As long as the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was in his hands, he would not hesitate to make a move on the woman in green!
As for the promises promised!
They definitely wouldn’t keep them, after all, after hiding in the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain and living there, who cared about promises and rules!
“This girl is so stupid, these guys are living in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, how could they possibly keep their promises, not a single word of these guys’ words can be trusted.”
Ochre Yan saw that the girl actually believed the words of that one-eyed man and said anxiously!
“What? You want to go save the girl?”
Chen Ping was able to hear from Ochre Yan’s anxious tone that he would definitely have come to the rescue had he not only had a wisp of residual soul left!
“I ……” Ochre Yan didn’t know how to answer!
“Are you in love with this girl?”
Chen Ping could sense what Ochre Yan was thinking, Ochre Yan was living in his sea of consciousness!
“A little!” Ochre Amazing said unapologetically!
After all, if he wanted to hide it from Chen Ping, he wouldn’t be able to hide it at all, so he might as well just admit it!
“This is sort of love at first sight for you, isn’t it?” Chen Ping laughed!
Ochre Yan was not speaking anymore, but Chen Ping could feel the anxiety within him!
“Don’t worry, that girl isn’t stupid, on the contrary she’s very smart, maybe these guys will fall for her!”
Chen Ping laughed!
Just as Chen Ping’s words fell, he only saw the piece of jade in front of the girl’s chest flickering intensely!
However, this did not attract the attention of the one-eyed guys, who had put all their attention on the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng and the girl’s flesh.
Along with the constant flickering of the jade, the girl’s body gave off a peculiar aura, which was much stronger than that of the man in green just now!
Unconsciously, only those four men beside the one-eyed man’s side, their eyes began to turn into a trance, and four black shadows slowly floated out from the tops of these four men’s heads!
These were the souls of the four men, and it was only after the souls left their bodies that these four guys reacted!
Only to see those four black shadows struggling desperately, wanting to rush back into their bodies!
However, the jade in front of the girl’s chest erupted with golden light, and under the golden light, those four black shadows were instantly crushed!
And the four guys’ physical bodies all lay straight down!