“Grand Master …………”
Bai Zhan Tang looked at Wild Wolf in shock, he didn’t expect Qin Feng to bring a Grand Master, had he known this, Bai Zhan Tang should have brought an expert from his clan too!
“Little doll, it’s better to behave and go back to your Bai family, don’t get involved in things here!”
After Wild Wolf finished speaking, his eyes lewdly looked towards Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, “Two little girl dolls, your Uncle Wolf is here, don’t worry, I’ll be gentle!”
Looking at Wild Wolf’s appearance, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er all turned pale with fear, and the two of them snuggled together!
“Miss Su, Miss Gu, run quickly …………”
Seeing this, Chifeng fiercely swung her palm towards that wild wolf and told Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er to hurry and flee, she knew she was no match for that wild wolf and couldn’t stop him!
“Hmph, you’re too old for old me!” Facing the red phoenix that came with a slap, the wild wolf snorted coldly and sent the red phoenix flying with a casual wave of his hand!
Before Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er could escape, that Wild Wolf blocked in front of them in a flash of his body!
“You old rascal …………”
Gu Ling’er was furious, gritting her teeth and hitting towards the wild wolf with all her strength!
Boom …………
Gu Ling’er was also practiced, but hitting that wild wolf was like hitting an iron plate, shaking her arm to the point of numbness, while the wild wolf didn’t feel a thing!
“Hahahaha, following the tickling, you’re too weak!”
The wild wolf said, with a reach, he grabbed Gu Ling’er’s wrist, and then with a gentle pull, he directly pulled Gu Ling’er into his arms!
“b*****d, let go of me …………”
Gu Ling’er struggled desperately!
“Uncle Wolf, can you leave this woman to me, he is that previous fiancee of mine, Gu Ling’er!”
Qin Feng saw that Wild Wolf was about to make a move on Gu Ling’er and said loudly in a hurry.
He himself wanted to play with Gu Ling’er first.
Upon hearing this, Wild Wolf hesitated for a moment, but finally tossed Gu Ling’er to Qin Feng: “Alright, this one is for you, I want the rest of this one!”
After Wild Wolf finished speaking, he looked towards Su Yuqi, who was pale and trembling, and grabbed it with his body!
“Ah …………”
Su Yuqi shrieked in fright and directly covered her eyes!
But just as that wild wolf’s hand was about to grab Su Yuqi, suddenly the jade pendant on Su Yuqi’s body emitted a burst of red light, and the overwhelming aura surged towards the wild wolf, the wild wolf’s eyes burst with shock, and instinctively retreated backwards, but it was still too late, and was directly knocked out by that red light, and fell heavily to the ground!
“Uncle Wolf …………”
Seeing this, Qin Feng hurriedly handed Gu Ling’er over to his men to watch over her and ran over to help the wild wolf up!
“What terrifying strength ……”
Wild Wolf said in shock!
“Uncle Wolf, what this woman is carrying is that spiritual weapon of the Yin family, at that time I was also injured by this spiritual weapon!”
Qin Feng followed Wild Wolf and explained!
“It really is something good, it seems that to get this thing, we have to think of another countermeasure!”
Wild Wolf nodded and then continued, “Let’s go, it seems that that Chen Ping is really not here, when he comes back, I will take revenge for you and then find a way to get that spirit weapon!”
Qin Feng could only nod, Chen Ping wasn’t there, and now they had no way to get the spirit artifact, so they could only leave first!
But this time was not in vain, having captured Gu Ling’er, Qin Feng imagined that he could have a good time when he got back later!
“You guys let go of Ling’er …………”
Su Yuqi saw that Qin Feng was going to take Gu Ling’er away and hastily yelled out!
Qin Feng sneered, “If you want me to let her go, let that Chen Ping personally come over and kowtow to me and apologize, maybe I’ll be merciful, remember, we’ll wait for him at the Wang Family Hotel!”
After saying that, Qin Feng took Gu Ling’er and left.