This aura instantly transformed into a sharp blade, heading directly towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not dare to wait, raising his Zeng Long Sword high, he fiercely slashed down with his sword!
The sound of breaking wind suddenly resounded as the sword Qi streaked across the room.
Chen Ping’s sword was immensely powerful, and without the slightest reservation, he wanted to kill that Long Xiao in one stroke!
In this way, they would have one less helper when dealing with Zhu Zhi Shan.
The fierce sword Qi instantly collided with Long Xiao’s black breath.
But without the slightest sound, the black aura emitted by Long Xiao instantly transformed into a soft form and wrapped around Chen Ping’s fierce sword qi, absorbing its power in an instant!
Chen Ping frowned, this sword of his could cut through everything, even a huge breath could be instantly cut to pieces, but against this breath of Long Xiao, this strenuous cut was useless!
Boom!
Just as Chen Ping was frowning, the black breath instantly solidified, followed by a fierce smash into Chen Ping’s chest!
Chen Ping’s body flew straight backwards.
“Haha, Chen Ping, this is what I call overcoming strength with softness, even if you are fierce in strength, you will not be able to exert it when you meet me.”
Long Xiao laughed in triumph.
Along with Long Xiao’s smug laughter, behind Long Xiao, slowly a black mist rose up and actually transformed into a human figure!
Long Xiao’s body took a step backwards, instantly enveloping his entire body in that black shadow.
When the black mist dispersed, at this moment, Long Xiao’s entire body had been enveloped in black robes, and the aura on his body had become terrifying!
“Jie Jie Jie ……”
“Chen Ping, I will cramp your tendons and drink your blood, I will take all your strength for myself ……”
Long Xiao’s laughter became eerie and terrifying to the ears!
Everyone looked at Long Xiao in shock, one didn’t know what they were thinking, but at this time, no one dared to step in to help Chen Ping.
“One power breaks all laws, do you really think that this feminine technique of yours can restrain me ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly as the power of the divine Dragon followed all of Chen Ping’s meridians to the body of the Zenglong Sword.
The light on the body of the Dragon Cutting Sword continued to flicker as a dragon roar rang out, resounding throughout the entire Dragon Locking Island!
The entire Dragon Locking Island seemed to hear the call of the dragon’s roar and actually began to tremble.
One had to know that Chen Ping’s divine dragon power came from this Dragon Locking Island, so when the divine dragon power erupted, the Dragon Locking Island followed suit and reacted!
Long Xiao’s eyebrows locked, and then with a lift of his hands, that black aura once again solidified and swept towards Chen Ping.
This time, Chen Ping had just raised his Dragon Slashing Sword when countless points of light suddenly converged towards the Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand from all sides of the Dragon Locking Island!
By now the sky had completely darkened and the countless points of light converged on the tip of the Dragon Chopper Sword, followed by a dazzling white glow that lit up the entire dark night like daylight!
“Chop ……”
Chen Ping swung the Dragon Chopping Sword fiercely, and a white light instantly launched out from the Dragon Chopping Sword.
It was like a laser, heading straight for Long Xiao.
The black aura that was emitted by Long Xiao instantly wrapped the white light after it touched this beam of white light, trying to absorb it.
At this moment, the eyes of the crowd could see a large black ball with white light flickering inside, and the large black ball kept changing its shape, trying to make the white light disappear.
Boom!
Suddenly there was a violent fluctuation in the air, only to see white light emanating from the black sphere.
Each white light shot straight up into the night sky, illuminating a single star!
Like bright fireworks blossoming in the night sky, many people could not help but look up.
In the end, the black breath disappeared, while the white light condensed together and chopped directly above Long Xiao’s chest.