“Third brother, you won’t blame big brother for doing this, right?”The brocade-robed man asked!
“Big brother, I’ve long wanted to kill this stupid bastard, all brute strength and no brains, if it wasn’t for the two of us helping out left and right, he wouldn’t know how many times he would have died.”
“Today, he even said something about killing the Sun Moon City Duke, this kind of pig brain will definitely cause trouble for us.”
The slim man said!
“Now that it’s just you and me, we must trust each other, 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones are important, but the most important thing is life.”
“What’s the use of a million Immortal Spirit Stones if the life is gone!”
The brocade-robed man said.
“Big brother, I understand, don’t worry, I will never be blinded by profit!”
The slim man nodded and said!
“It’s good that you understand, we’re just scattered cultivators, although we’ve worked hard to cultivate to the ninth level of the Mahayana realm, but compared to those great clan forces, we’re not even as good as ants.”
“Now that so many forces have come to Xiao Dynasty, even if we make a move to kill that Chen Ping and get the 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones, do you think that we will be able to live peacefully?”
“Not to mention the fact that the Ten Temples are unlikely to give us 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones ……”
The brocade-robed man said with a helpless face!
Although their current strength allowed them to walk horizontally in the Celestial Realm, they were still like ants when faced with those hidden forces in the Celestial Realm!
The reason why this was the case was because they didn’t have a backer, they didn’t have their own forces, it was really too difficult for a casual cultivator to survive in the Celestial Realm!
“Big brother, what do we do next?”
The slim man asked!
“Wait, wait for an opportunity ……”
The brocade-robed man said!
“What chance?”The slim man asked!
But the brocade-robed man wasn’t speaking, but instead looked blankly at Xiao Huangzhao in the distance!
…………
Xiao Imperial Dynasty.
“Father, there are already a dozen or so terrifying auras around the Xiao Imperial Dynasty now.”
Xiao Feng said to Xiao Yuan Shan with a worried expression!
Xiao Yuanshan’s face was grave and he did not say a word, just staring blankly at the direction of the thunderbolt!
The only thing he was looking forward to now was for Chen Ping to finish tempering his flesh earlier, after all, these people were all running towards Chen Ping!
Right at this moment, a thunderstorm suddenly rang out!
Immediately after that, a streak of golden light shot up into the sky, the power of these golden lights was extremely powerful, which meant that someone had begun to successfully transmigrate!
Along with the increasing number of cultivators who succeeded in crossing the tribulation, the thunder tribulation clouds in the sky slowly became thinner, and the thunder tribulation also became much weaker!
When the last thunder tribulation bombarded Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping violently opened his eyes!
Rumbling ……
A golden light erupted from Chen Ping’s body and then shot straight up into the clouds, the golden light exploded in mid-air and then a terrifying aura suddenly filled the air above the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, causing the crowd to feel very oppressed!
Under the gaze of the crowd, Chen Ping slowly walked out from the golden light!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body was golden in colour, even his hair was golden, and his body exuded a terrifying power pressure!
This was pure physical strength, without the slightest hint of spiritual power!
Yun Li walked out from the room, looking at Chen Ping from afar with envy and admiration in his eyes!
“Mr Chen, congratulations, ah, your physical body has become so powerful!”
Xiao Yuanshan was the first to welcome him and said happily!
Chen Ping smiled faintly while looking around at the hundreds of cultivators!
Although these cultivators had succeeded in their transitions, the road ahead would become more and more difficult, after all, all of their transitions this time had been carried by Chen Ping alone!
Although this kind of tribulation was successful, the cultivation in the future would be very difficult, and even cause the realm to stagnate, which was also the reason why none of the tribulations preferred to seek external help!
“Emperor Xiao, I hope you will take care of these cultivators ……”
Chen Ping said to Xiao Yuanshan!
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, they have to pay for Mr Chen’s tempering of his flesh, our Xiao Dynasty will remember, I will have Xiao Feng record it and distribute more resources to these cultivators.”
Xiao Yuan Shan said!