The crowd was all dumbfounded as they looked at the bronze bell that had broken to the ground.
Was this still a divine weapon?
A divine weapon that had been destroyed so easily?
The killing aura disappeared, the dragon crystal instantly returned to Chen Ping’s body, and the light dissipated without a trace!
There was silence all around.
Everyone looked at what was happening in front of them in disbelief.
There were constantly people swallowing their saliva and breathing heavily.
At this moment, all eyes fell on Chen Ping.
“The treasures on this Chen Ping’s body are far more than what we know ah ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes were fiery, looking at Chen Ping as if he was seeing a beautiful woman.
Above the surrounding stands, many others began to look at Chen Ping with greedy eyes.
At this moment, however, Chen Ping did not pay attention to these greedy gazes, but looked at Long Xiao with cold eyes.
“This time, I’ll see what other cards you have ……”
Chen Ping said, as the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand erupted with killing intent, followed by a sword chop!
When Long Xiao saw this, he turned his head in fear and ran, at this moment, he could no longer care about any face, or whether he was ashamed or not.
The strength Chen Ping had displayed had completely shattered what was left of his fighting spirit!
Swish ……
A sword cut out, a deep bloodstain instantly appeared on Long Xiao’s back, and after a stumble, Long Xiao fell headlong to the ground!
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Chopping Sword and directly picked up Long Xiao.
“This is the young master of the Long Family, but that’s all ……”
Said Chen Ping, as he slapped over, and Long Xiao’s face instantly swelled up!
“Admit defeat and then learn how to bark like a dog for me ……”
Chen Ping said slowly after slapping Long Xiao.
Chen Ping’s words caused the crowd to be shocked, they did not expect Chen Ping to defeat Long Xiao and still not stop, there was such a humiliation.
Was this to follow the Long Family in a deadly feud?
“Chen Ping, don’t be complacent, I am ……”
Snap!
Not waiting for Long Xiao to finish, Chen Ping slapped up.
“Chen Ping, I’m ……”
Slap!
Another slap, and Long Xiao’s face was deformed.
“Stop it, stop it for me ……”
Long Jingguo stood up with a scuffle, his killing aura rising up from his body.
“Long Family Master, this is a tournament, do you want to break the rules?”
Seeing this, Zhao Wuji directly asked loudly at Long Jingguo.
This was because he was afraid that Long Jingguo would suddenly make a move against Chen Ping!
“Screw the rules ……”
Long Jingguo watched his son being beaten like a dead dog, so why would he care about that.
But just as Long Jingguo tried to move, suddenly two auras of peak Martial Sects pressed towards him!
Dong Jiahao had a cold smile on his face, “The head of the titled Long Family, you wouldn’t be so shameless as to want a father and son to join forces to fight one person, would you?”
“Dong Jiahao, this is none of your business here, our two families don’t cross river water, so get the hell out of my way!”
Long Jingguo’s eyes faintly stared, full of murderous aura as he said.
“D*mn, old man, you are older, I respectfully call you the Dragon Family Master, you dare to scold me, believe it or not, I will trample down your Dragon Family?”
Dong Jiahao wasn’t afraid of Long Jingguo, although he wasn’t strong himself, but he had the Dong family behind him, with his old man backing him up!
“You seek death ……”
Long Jingguo was about to die of anger, in front of so many people, Dong Jiahao, a curmudgeon, dared to call himself an old man.
Seeing that Long Jingguo was about to make a move, the two strong people at the peak of Martial Sect that Dong Jiahao had brought with him, immediately shielded Dong Jiahao behind them.
The atmosphere at the scene was instantly tense, and a great battle was about to break out!
“Stop it all ……”
Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan could only speak up.
If these two sides really fought, then the commotion would be too big, and by then it would turn the world upside down, there was no way for him, as the Martial Arts Alliance Alliance leader, to follow Mr. Shi to give an account.
If the officials stepped in and then outlawed their Martial Arts Alliance, it would be more than worth the loss.
“All of you go back and sit down, are you treating me like I don’t exist?”
Zhu Zhishan’s face turned cold and his aura radiated out, several people at the scene turned ugly and then obediently sat back down.