Demon Sealing Alliance Headquarters!
Zuo Tianzheng was respectfully serving that Luo Ta, no matter what Luo Ta needed, Zuo Tianzheng would find a way to satisfy it!
Who let this Luo Ta be a person from the Divine Hall, and also a senior worshiper within the Ten Halls!
Otherwise, the Ten Temples Lord wouldn’t have asked Luo Ta to deal with that Wuji Daoist!
When Luo Ta arrived at the Demon Sealing Alliance’s headquarters, he didn’t go to Xiao Dynasty at the first opportunity, but enjoyed a few days!
Letting Zuo Tianzheng find a dozen female cultivators for him to double cultivate day and night!
In the Ten Temples, Luo Ta was nothing more than a senior offering, and there was the Ten Temples Lord above him.
He didn’t dare to be reckless at all, and even more so, he didn’t dare to find female cultivators!
You have to know that the female cultivators of the Divine Race are equally arrogant, without some real skills, the female cultivators will not agree to dual cultivation!
But when it came to the Demon Sealing Alliance, it was different, no matter if those female cultivators agreed or not, they would be forced to serve Luo Ta due to the obscene authority of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Alliance Master, it’s been a few days, this person has consumed a lot of resources not to mention that he wants female cultivators to serve him.”
“A lot of people down there have opinions, many clans are already unwilling to be providing female cultivators.”
An elder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, whispered to Zuo Tianzheng and reminded him!
Zuo Tianzheng was actually in a difficult situation, this Luo Ta didn’t mention anything about dealing with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty even after he arrived, he didn’t dare to mention it either!
What’s more, Zuo Tianzheng didn’t know how strong this Luo Ta was!
Can he defeat that Wuji Daoist?
If he couldn’t win, wouldn’t that put all of them from the Demon Sealing Alliance in danger.
Last time, Daoist Wuji didn’t put up a fight, and the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were injured and didn’t chase after them, which allowed Zuo Tianzheng to escape back with his people!
If they went again this time and this Luo Ta was beheaded by Daoist Wuji, would they still be able to escape back?
Just when Zuo Tianzheng didn’t know what to do, Luo Ta was contentedly walking into the great hall!
His eyes were filled with a condescending look, even after serving him like this, this Luo Ta hadn’t even looked squarely at Zuo Tianzheng and the others!
In this Luo Ta’s eyes, Zuo Tianzheng and these people from the Demon Sealing Alliance were nothing more than humble subordinates!
How could these people possibly compare to them, the honourable Divine Race!
If the Divine Race hadn’t suffered an extinction, I’m afraid that the Divine Hall wouldn’t have been able to follow Zuo Tianzheng and the rest of them, ordinary cultivators, to co-operate!
“Offering Luo, these female cultivators that were found, are they still satisfactory?”
Zuo Tianzheng rushed forward and asked with a nod of his head!
“Not bad, quite satisfied, although you ordinary cultivators don’t have much ability, but these women are really fun!”
Luo Ta licked his lips and said!
Zuo Tianzheng listened to Luo Ta’s words, a wave of nausea ran through his heart, but his face still wore a smile as he said, “As long as Confessor Luo is happy, I wonder when we can go to Xiao Dynasty?”
“Right now, after enjoying these few days, I also need to move my muscles!”
Luo Ta said indifferently!
“Offering Luo, that Wuji Daoist is very strong, the 10th Highnesses all lost to him, so ……”
Zuo Tian was trying to remind Luo Ta not to be gullible!
But the words did not finish, Luo Ta’s a look seems, Zuo Tianzheng body slightly trembled, did not dare to speak in.
“Allied Lord ……”
At this time, that Patriarch Zhou came with his disciples Tian Luo and Tian Shi!
“Patriarch Zhou, what is your business?”
When Zuo Tianzheng saw this Patriarch Zhou, his face had an ugly expression!
This fellow, every time he was sent out, everyone else died and this fellow always came running back!
This made Zuo Tianzheng very unhappy, thinking that this Patriarch Zhou was greedy and afraid of death, and did not contribute at all!
“Alliance Master, to deal with Xiao Dynasty, I’m afraid that defeating that Wuji Old Taoist alone won’t work!”
Patriarch Zhou said!
“Why not? Where there are still experts in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, even Xiao Yuanshan is no match.”
Zuo Tianzheng looked at that Patriarch Zhou suspiciously and said with dissatisfaction!