“Kid, you can’t escape, there’s a road in heaven that you don’t take, and there’s no door in hell that you barge in.”
“Today seems to be a good day for our Mu Family, killing you will be able to get a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, and our Mu Family has also received the Immortal Law Inheritance.”
Mu Naiyi was overjoyed inside at the moment!
Chen Ping, who was running away, however, suddenly stopped and then looked at that Mu Naiyi with a sneer on his face!
Mu Naiyi was stunned and also stopped, looking at Chen Ping with a puzzled look, “Kid, what are you laughing at?”
“I’m laughing at you for being a big idiot, you guys still want to get the Immortal Law Inheritance, take a sh*t.”
Chen Ping smiled even more broadly, followed by his figure gradually disappearing right in front of Mu Naiyi!
Mu Naiyi was shocked when he saw this!
“Wylie, fell for it ……”
Mu Naiyi reacted and panicked as she rushed back towards!
Mu Yao was currently leading his men, desperately chasing after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s appearance had ruined everything for him!
If he had obtained the Immortal Law Inheritance, then his position in the Mu Family would have skyrocketed!
Now Chen Ping had actually snatched away the statue!
“Mu Yao, what’s going on?”
Mu Naiyi, who had rushed back, saw that Mu Yao had actually run out of the mansion and had a bad feeling inside!
“Eldest Miss, that Chen Ping snatched the statue and I was forced to interrupt my studies.”
After Mu Yao finished speaking, a mouthful of blood sprayed out once again, and his eyes were also filled with anger!
“What?”
Mu Naiyi clenched her teeth, then looked at the few Mu family members and said “Are you all f*cking rice buckets?”
“Eldest Miss, we spotted that Chen Ping and were already blocking him, who knew that it was just a diversion.”
Several Mu family members explained in a panic.
“Quickly give chase, no matter what, we must recapture the sculpture, that’s our Mu Family’s Immortal Law inheritance.”
Mu Naiyi yelled and led the people to start chasing after Chen Ping!
This Mu Naiyi directly took the Immortal Law Inheritance of the Wuji Sacred Sect and said that it was the inheritance of their Mu Family, it was also shameless enough!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was holding the statue in his hands and using the Royal Fire Steps to rush!
“Senior, help me see, why can’t this statue be put into my storage ring?”
Chen Ping asked with some anxiety!
He was holding the statue like this, it was too much of an impact on his speed, and there was no way for him to make a move if he fought in a while!
“This storage ring of yours, what can’t be put into it?”
Red Cloud Demon Lord asked!
“People, living people cannot be put into it.”
Chen Ping said!
“Isn’t that right then, this statue should be made of flesh, inside the statue is a person.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“It is a person, if it becomes a corpse, it can also be put into a storage ring.”
When that Blood Demon’s corpse was first placed, it was not placed into a storage ring!
Chen Ping was still holding the Blood Demon’s corpse as a weapon!
“Then what if it didn’t die?” The Red Cloud Demon Lord smiled!
“What?” Chen Ping was startled!
He did not expect that the statue he was holding up was a person inside, and a living person at that.
“What do you mean, this person is still alive? Wouldn’t that be living for thousands of years?”
Chen Ping gave the statue an incredulous look!
At this moment, Chen Ping was really afraid that the statue would suddenly burst open and an immortal with a manic personality would appear and beat himself up!
After all, Chen Ping’s little bit of skill was as weak as an ant in front of the disciples of a great heavenly realm sect like the Wuji Holy Sect!
Moreover, for this statue to appear in a mansion deep within the sect, it must be a high ranking member of the sect as well!
It might even be the Sect Master!
The more Chen Ping thought about it, the more scared he became!
“What are you afraid of, even though he’s alive, it’s the same as being dead, if the statue bursts open, the person inside will truly be a soul.”
“I think this person made himself into a physical statue just to retain the last trace of his divine sense, presumably because he wants to find the person who will inherit the Holy Sect after a number of years.”
“After all, this kind of huge sect would want to leave behind seeds for themselves, not wanting to be drowned by the river of history and completely disappear.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch explained!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he was slightly relieved!