Blood splattered, Xuan Yuan Kai’s left arm was directly cut off by Chen Ping’s sword, the severed arm still had a death grip on Gu Ling’er, but Gu Ling’er rolled on the ground and got rid of the restraint as well ……
“Ahh …………”
The intense pain caused Xuan Yuan Kai to scream miserably and kicked the snow wolf hard in the chest, sending it flying.
The snow wolf rolled over and regained its footing as if it wasn’t injured.
Xuan Yuan Kai was only at the peak of Grand Master strength, but this snow wolf was comparable to a Martial Sect in terms of strength, so Xuan Yuan Kai’s hasty kick could not hurt it at all.
Xuan Yuan Kai’s scream drew the attention of his men. Seeing their master injured, the Xuan Yuan family’s underlings hurriedly broke away from the fight with the Thunderbolt Sect and went to Xuan Yuan Kai’s side.
Xuan Yuan Kai looked at his broken arm, his eyes scarlet.
“Kill him, kill them for me …………”
Xuan Yuan Kai hissed, ordering his men to kill Chen Ping.
But just as those men from the Xuan Yuan family were about to make a move on Chen Ping, a sudden gust of wind hit them, followed by a terrifying pressure that hit them, and everyone’s face turned pale.
Because this aura was so terrifying that it surpa*sed everyone present, feeling the pressure of this aura, no matter if they were Grand Masters or Martial Sects, they all unexpectedly did not move a muscle.
Chen Ping frowned and turned his head to look aside!
“Eldest nephew, why are you so furious? Who are you trying to kill here?”
Only a middle-aged man slowly appeared, wearing a white practice uniform, stepping on a pair of cloth shoes, with a Chinese face and not a trace of expression on his face.
And behind the middle-aged man, followed by three people, and these three people are surprisingly all martial arts sect experts, looking at the aura should have reached above the fourth grade martial arts sect.
“Uncle Zhao …………”
Immediately after Xuan Yuan Kai saw the visitor, his face slightly changed and he respectfully shouted.
“Uncle Zhao ……”
Seeing this, Cheng Kun also hurriedly walked over and shouted at the middle-aged man.
The middle-aged man swept a glance at the crowd before turning to Xuan Yuan Kai and asking, “Where is my family’s intruder? Have you seen him?”
“Zhao Barging is over there ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai said as he pointed a short distance away.
It turned out that the person who came was Zhao Barging’s father, Zhao Liguo, the master of the Shadowless Villa, who was an old martial arts expert.
The first thing you need to do is to look in the direction Xuan Yuan Kai is pointing, and you will find Zhao Beng with a group of men, looking for dry wood to make a fire!
Zhao Liguo’s face turned cold and his anger instantly rose up, and everyone who felt Zhao Liguo’s anger could not help but shiver!
Zhao Liguo walked towards Zhao Barging, but the others did not dare to make a move, but watched in awe.
Chen Ping’s expression was incomparable, this Zhao Liguo strength seems to be the same as Long Wu, such strength, Chen Ping simply can not be an opponent, not to mention that this Zhao Liguo is followed by several Martial Arts experts ……
The sudden appearance of Zhao Liguo caused Xuan Yuan Kai, Cheng Kun and Qin Xiao Xian to be incomparably lost!
Just now, they were fighting over the dragon crystal, but now, Zhao Liguo suddenly appeared with his men, so how could the dragon crystal still be their business?
At this moment, Zhao Liguo furiously walked up to Zhao Chuan and slapped him down fiercely.
Slap ……
“b*****d, who told you to come to Locked Dragon Island secretly?”
Zhao Liguo asked in an angry voice.
When Zhao Bargan saw his father coming and was slapped, instead of being upset, he got excited and said, “Dad, you came just in time, save Xiao Ru, save her quickly, she’s frozen ……”
Zhao Barging hurriedly pulled Zhao Liguo, begging Zhao Liguo to save Xiao Ru who was frozen!
Zhao Liguo took a look at Xiao Ru, who had turned into an ice sculpture, and frowned slightly, but quickly looked at Zhao Barging angrily and said, “You have nothing to do all day, you only know how to find women, come back with me ……”