The lava beneath his feet kept gathering heat into Kuroki Kawasaki’s body!
The strength that had just been consumed would be instantly replenished!
That means Kuroki Kawasaki’s strength can always be maintained at its peak!
This is what Kuroki Kawasaki relies on, and it is because of this reliance that Kuroki Kawasaki is so confident!
“I’d like to see how long you can keep your doppelganger ……”
Kuroki Kawasaki said, wielding his sword and charging towards Chen Ping again!
And Chen Ping recalled all his doppelgangers, after all, a large number of doppelgangers would accelerate the depletion of spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body!
Kuroki Kawasaki could extract the power from the lava, but Chen Ping couldn’t, he couldn’t convert the heat into spiritual power yet!
Kuroki Kawasaki’s katana kept waving in mid-air, changing dozens of moves in a flash, dazzling the eyes!
Chen Ping also swung his sword and slashed ……
Clang ……
A burst of fire and light, the sound spread rapidly in all directions!
The two men had also exchanged countless blows just moments before their weapons clashed with each other!
The lava inside the crater began to be blown everywhere by the strong winds that were scattered in all directions!
Clang …………
After another crisp, loud sound, the two figures instantly separated!
Kuroki Kawasaki looked at Chen Ping, a hint of shock flashed across his eyes!
He didn’t expect that after fighting for so half a day, Chen Ping didn’t show the slightest sign of exhaustion, he was still full of strength and powerful aura!
The stronger the opponent, the more excited Chen Ping was!
Because a strong opponent is what allows Chen Ping to draw more strength!
“It hurts, keep coming ……”
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopping Sword and smiled coldly as the battle intent in his body continued to rise up without the slightest sign of weakening!
The Dragon Chopping Sword was raised high in the air, followed by a swing of the sword!
This sword surprisingly carried a burst of dragon roar, and the sword qi instantly transformed into a golden dragon that rose up into the air and swam in the air.
Seeing this, Kigasaki’s face showed unprecedented seriousness as his katana swiftly slashed out in his hand, and a blade maneuver kept slashing at that golden dragon’s body!
Clang …………
The sword qi and sword maneuvers clashed viciously together again!
Kuroki Kawasaki felt the tremendous recoil and his body involuntarily fell backwards several steps!
The katana in his hand began to tremble, as if he was afraid of the golden dragon in front of him!
Chen Ping did not stop, now that Kuroki Kawasaki was down, this was Chen Ping’s chance!
He saw the cold aura in Chen Ping’s eyes soar as his battle intent tumbled.
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique, First Sword ……”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword continued to flicker with light, and then a greenish light shot out from within the Dragon Cutting Sword!
This light actually transformed into a human figure, although it was impossible to see its appearance or distinguish between a man and a woman, but it was truly evident that it was definitely a person!
“Sword Spirit …………”
When Chen Ping saw this, there were a few moments of surprise in his eyes.
He had not expected that the sword spirit within the Dragon Chopper Sword had already taken shape, although it had not yet grown to maturity, but now it could come out of the sword!
If the sword spirit finally took shape, then Chen Ping would have an extra powerful helper by his side!
The Sword Spirit was standing on top of the Golden Dragon, looking proudly at the crowd!
Seeing this, Kuroki Kawasaki’s face was terribly gloomy.
He didn’t expect that the sword spirit in Chen Ping’s hand had already been created, and even before the sword spirit had taken shape, it could already come out of the sword, and the aura it emitted was incomparably strong!
Kuroki Kawasaki began to raise all the power in his body, and the katana in his hand was trembling, but Kuroki Kawasaki was struggling to control it!
The lava beneath his feet, from the amount of heat Kuroki Kawasaki had absorbed, had actually begun to slowly solidify and turn black!
The sword spirit rode the golden dragon and rushed towards Kuroki Kawasaki with a roar.
Kuroki Kawasaki gritted his teeth and strove upwards.
Boom!
Light shot out in all directions, Kuroki Kawasaki’s body took several steps back again, and a small nick appeared on the katana in his hand!