Chen Ping’s whip cracked down, and a muffled grunt rang out!
A deep pit appeared on the ground, and a demonic cultivator leapt up from the ground with Immortal Grass in his arms!
Obviously, the Immortal Grass just now had not run away by drilling into the ground on its own, but had been snatched from the ground by this demonic cultivator!
“Give me back the immortal grass ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes condensed as he coldly looked at the demonic cultivator and counted!
“Hmph, you are a newly promoted Ferrying Realm cultivator, you are also worthy of asking for this Immortal Grass, I am mercifully sparing your life, you now hurry up and get lost, otherwise don’t blame me for being impolite!”
That devil cultivator snorted coldly, not putting Chen Ping in his eyes at all!
Chen Ping frowned and did not say anything more, instead, he put the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand and viciously lashed it towards that demonic cultivator!
Boom!
As Chen Ping’s whip went down, that demonic cultivator unexpectedly collapsed directly, instantly turning into a white smoke!
This demonic cultivator was surprisingly just a doppelganger.
Chen Ping had actually discovered that this devil cultivator was relying on his doppelganger to stall for time, and his main body had long since fled!
The Demon Whip in Chen Ping’s hand began to burn with flames, accompanied by Chen Ping’s constant swings!
A flame unexpectedly went straight into the ground, and then bursts of smoke emerged from the ground!
“Flame Cage ……”
Buzz ……
Endless flames emerged from the ground, then quickly linked together to form a large net, covering miles in every direction!
Boom ……
A muffled grunt came from the distance, and Chen Ping leapt forward, the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand swinging towards the place where the sound had come from!
“Tiny devil cultivator, how dare you grab something from me ……”
Boom!
Chen Ping lashed down with a whip, accompanied by endless flames, a silhouette violently rushed out from the ground, and it was the demonic cultivator who had vanished!
That demonic cultivator sacrificed a sharp sword and directly blocked Chen Ping’s whip of demonic extraction! <br>
Pfft …………
Although it blocked the Demon Drawing Whip, however, the Supreme Fire on the Demon Drawing Whip transformed into a ball of fire and hit that demonic cultivator’s body!
A mouthful of blood spurted out from the demonic cultivator and he instantly flew backwards!
The devil cultivator was horrified in his heart, he didn’t expect that he, a fourth grade cultivator of the Transitional Succession Realm, couldn’t even defeat a newly promoted Transitional Succession Realm cultivator, and he couldn’t even block a single blow!
Especially Chen Ping’s Flame Cage, which had actually come to envelop the underground, making his Escape Technique useless, and he could only be forced out of the underground by the flames!
He had to know that this Evasion Technique was his best skill, but now it was useless to Chen Ping!
“I will give you the Immortal Herb, I hope you can let me live ……”
That demonic cultivator knew that he had underestimated Chen Ping’s strength, so he intended to give up the Immortal Grass and let Chen Ping let himself live!
Chen Ping looked at the injured demonic cultivator and nodded “Good, as long as you hand over the Immortal Grass, I can spare you from death ……”
That demonic cultivator did not hesitate and directly threw the one-person-high immortal grass to Chen Ping, who then loaded the immortal grass into his storage ring, and with a wave of his palm, the surrounding flame cage instantly disappeared!
But just as that devil cultivator turned around and wanted to leave, he found that four figures had appeared not far away, and one of them turned out to be Liu Xueyi from the Blood Spirit Peak!
These four people were all demonic cultivators and leaned in sharply!
When the leaning Liu Xueyi and the others, Chen Ping’s brows slightly frowned, turned around and was about to leave, after all, Chen Ping himself, facing Liu Xueyi and several of their demonic cultivators, didn’t necessarily have a ten percent certainty that he would be able to defeat them!
The other thing was that Chen Ping didn’t want to waste his time, he entered the Divine and Demonic Battlefield in order to find treasures, not to fight!
Only Chen Ping wanted to leave, but simply could not, only to see Liu Xueyi bring people to surround Chen Ping!
Liu Xueyi looked at the demonic cultivator who was injured by Chen Ping and smiled faintly, “Fellow Daoist, this boy is arrogant to the extreme, a small human cultivator, yet he follows our demonic race to grab things in this Divine Demon Battlefield of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, he simply deserves to die.”