As Chen Ping’s divine sense slowly penetrated into the second Heaven and Earth Grand Formation Jade Slip, an ancient and vicissitudes aura came over him, as if he had travelled through time and space, bringing him into a mysterious and unfathomable realm.
Inside the jade slip, light flowed and runes intertwined, forming a complex and magnificent formation diagram, which slowly rotated, releasing palpitating energy fluctuations.
Chen Ping immersed himself in this world constructed by formations, his mind moving along with those streams of light and shadows, trying to capture each and every subtle change, understanding the meaning behind each and every rune.
Time seemed to lose its meaning here, Chen Ping only felt as if he was resonating with this heaven and earth, every breath he took creating a subtle connection with the formation diagrams around him.
Gradually, he began to comprehend the essence of the Heaven and Earth Formation – it was not just a formation for sealing, but also a deep understanding and application of the natural laws of heaven and earth.
Each rune was a precise simulation of the rules of heaven and earth, while the entire formation was a collection of these simulations, capable of mobilising the power of heaven and earth to achieve almost miraculous results.
In this comprehension, Chen Ping found that in order to truly master and crack the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, strength or skill alone was far from enough, the key lay in the perception and compliance of the invisible force between heaven and earth.
What he needed to do was not only to learn how to set up or inspire such a formation, but more importantly, to learn how to co-exist harmoniously with nature and draw strength from it to fight against those existences that went against the laws of nature.
Just as Chen Ping was immersed in this profound comprehension, time passed quietly in the outside world.
Suddenly, a strong vibration interrupted his contemplation, and Chen Ping withdrew his mind, realising that not only had he successfully opened the second Formation Jade Slip, but also that his state of mind and understanding of formations had taken a qualitative leap.
Chen Ping did not know that just as he opened the second Formation Jade Slip, a vision descended from the sky above the Celestial Realm, a multicoloured haze appeared, and within the haze there appeared to be silhouettes of people, as if it was another world!
However, this vision only lasted for a moment before disappearing, and not many people saw it!
However, this was enough to cause a shock to the many cultivators in the Celestial Realm, like a huge stone that had been thrown into a calm lake!
The many hidden forces of the Celestial Realm had also revealed their forms at this moment!
However, Chen Ping was unaware of all of this and walked out of the room after moving his muscles!
After walking out of the room, Chen Ping saw that Ji Yun and Missy were standing on the deck of the airship, looking at the distant skyline, and Ji Yun seemed to be telling Missy something.
Chen Ping just smiled, and did not disturb the two, Ji Yun has been following himself, this time with the company of the youngest sister, perhaps it will not be too lonely!
And the youngest sister is no longer alone, but also has a home!
The airship came over the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and slowly landed towards the Imperial City!
Xiao Yuanshan with Xiao Feng, and Xiao Dynasty’s ministers, all have already lined up to meet!
For the Xiao Dynasty, Chen Ping was a valuable person, if not for Chen Ping, how could the Xiao Dynasty get the luck of Mr Shi for thousands of years!
At this time, outside the imperial city, Yun Li slowly opened his eyes and said with a slight smile, “It’s coming ……”
“How do you know?”
Shi Lan asked in disbelief!
“Feelings!”Yun Li slowly got up from the boulder and his body instantly disappeared!
Shi Lan also led the people to follow closely behind and entered that imperial city!
And as Chen Ping walked off the airship with Ji Yun and Missy, Xiao Yuanshan immediately greeted him with the crowd!
The battlefield, subdued the youngest sister!
She did not expect that Chen Ping was still so respected in this Celestial Realm!
“Mr Chen, that Ten Temples ……”
Xiao Yuanshan quickly stepped up and was about to follow Chen Ping about the situation of the people coming from the Ten Temples!