Chen Ping, on the other hand, utilised the Royal Fire Steps and constantly began to dodge, his entire person suddenly disappearing in appearance!
All of Mu Nai Yi’s attacks were dodged by Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had used the Royal Fire Steps to the extreme, and in the mid-air, many figures of Chen Ping appeared, all of which were shadows left behind due to Chen Ping’s speed!
Mu Naiyi was frowning slightly, she understood that Chen Ping was not fighting back, he was just desperately dodging in order to consume himself!
In this way, Mu Naiyi would definitely lose once the time for her breath to burst out arrived!
‘You want to consume me, think too beautifully ……’
Mu Naiyi saw through Chen Ping and then pinched her fingers as the colourful cold aura began to spread!
At the same time at Mu Naiyi’s brow, a light began to flicker, then this light flew up and directly into that cold air!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could not help but frown, he could feel that this Mu Naiyi seemed to be giving life to the large area of cold air in front of him.
In that case, that Mu Naiyi suffered a backlash could be more than simply becoming an invalid, it was very likely that he would die directly!
‘This fellow, is he going to die with me?’
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as his body’s Unbreakable Golden Body activated!
The Divine Dragon Power in his chest operated, and all of his strength gathered at this moment!
Facing Mu Naiyi, who was at the strength of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping did not dare to be the slightest bit careless!
‘Resurrect ……’
Mu Naiyi roared out, and that light and the colourful cold Qi merged into one!
Immediately after that, a chilly aura exploded, and then the chilly aura of each colour solidified once again!
Only, this time, the cold Qi solidified but formed a fierce beast!
Each one of them had a different shape, as if the Celestial Realm did not have these demonic beasts!
Along with the solidification of the demonic beasts, the crowd was all shocked!
After all, it was this kind of demonic beast that had never been seen before that gave the greatest impact!
Chen Ping was also confused, he had never seen these strange shaped demonic beasts either!
There were a total of five demonic beasts that exuded a berserk aura!
‘The Five Elements Beasts of the Heavenly Realm, I didn’t realise that this Mu Family’s ancestor was actually from the Heavenly Realm!’
At this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke!
As a Demon Monarch of the Heavenly Realm, he still recognised these five demonic beasts!
‘Five Demonic Beasts?’ Chen Ping looked confused!
Moreover, if this Mu Family’s ancestor was from the Heavenly Realm, how did he come to flourish in the Celestial Realm?
And this Mu Family looked like the techniques used were not Immortal Techniques, and they did not even recognise Immortal Qi, nor could they absorb it!
In that case, how could the ancestors of the Mu Family be from the Celestial Realm!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch could see Chen Ping’s confusion, so he explained, ‘This is very well explained, in the God-Devil War back then, not everyone died out.’
‘There were definitely Immortals and Devil Cultivators who came from the Celestial Realm that survived as well, these people should have been injured and it was difficult to return to the Celestial Realm so they stayed behind.’
‘However, this Celestial Realm only has spiritual qi and no immortal qi, in order to prosper, one must change the gong method so that the offspring can cultivate with spiritual qi.’
‘After thousands of years like this, it’s normal for future generations to only know spiritual qi and not immortal qi.’
‘And with this person’s sudden surge in strength, the breath that erupted at that time contained where the Immortal Qi was, and now that he has manifested the Five Elemental Beasts, it can be ascertained that this Mu Clan’s ancestor was definitely from the Heavenly Realm.’
After listening to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s explanation, Chen Ping also understood some of it!
But how could this Five Elemental Beast be dealt with?
‘Senior, how can this Five Elemental Beast be dealt with?’
Chen Ping asked!
‘This Five Elemental Beasts can be divided and combined, each one possesses its own Five Elemental Power, and when they are combined, that is the most terrifying.’
‘You have to be mutually exclusive and break them down one by one.’
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
‘Break them down one by one?’ Chen Ping’s head was spinning!
How could he break them one by one?
‘Senior, I wonder who is better when this Heaven Swallowing Beast is compared to the Five Elements Beast?’
Chen Ping remembered the Heaven Swallowing Beast!
If the Heaven Swallowing Beast came out and directly swallowed this Five Elemental Beast, then it would save him a lot of trouble!