“You can’t kill me, I’m from the Xuan Yue Valley in the southwest, if you kill me, our Valley Master will definitely not spare you!”
Master Bu Dou said as he looked at Chen Ping in horror.
“Threatening me?” Chen Ping frowned, “I hate threats from others the most!”
That Master Bewildered wanted to say something else, but Chen Ping no longer gave him the chance, a slap came down and that Master Bewildered died directly under Jiang Zhengzhong’s feet!
Chen Ping bent down and took out the thousand year old ginseng from Master Bewildered’s chest, with a slight smile on his face!
Chen Ping put away the thousand year old ginseng and placed his gaze on Jiang Zhengzhong’s body!
Jiang Zhengzhong felt Chen Ping’s gaze and fell to his knees with a poof!
The head of the Jiang family in the provincial city, one of the four council members of the Martial Alliance, was at this moment kneeling in front of a young man in his early twenties, with a groveling look.
Everyone looked at Jiang Zhengzhong with strange eyes. People in the martial arts would rather die than give in, but at this moment, Jiang Zhengzhong was actually kneeling down in order to live.
But Jiang Zhengzhong didn’t care at all about other people’s gazes, he only had one thing on his mind now, and that was to live!
As long as he lived, everything would be fine, but if he was dead, there was no point in having any moral integrity!
“I beg Mr. Chen to spare my life, I am willing to offer all the medicinal herbs of the Jiang family to Mr. Chen, many of them are over a hundred years old!”
Jiang Zhengzhong pleaded to Chen Ping for mercy.
“I am the enemy who killed your daughter and son, if I spare you, won’t you find an opportunity to take revenge on me in?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“No, absolutely not, my son and daughter offended Mr. Chen, they deserve to die, if I dare to retaliate against Mr. Chen, then let me die a good death ……”
Jiang Zhengzhong started to launch a poisonous oath, he would do anything to be able to live!
Chen Ping coldly snorted, this kind of person can even ignore his own son and daughter, how can he have credibility, it’s possible that if he lets him go today, he will seek revenge on himself tomorrow!
“Mr. Chen, you can’t spare him, this Jiang Zhengzhong is ruthless and ruthless, if you bypa*s him, he will definitely take revenge ……”
Red Phoenix hurriedly persuaded Chen Ping.
“I have a measure!” Chen Ping smiled faintly before looking at Jiang Zhengzhong, “If I were to lose at your hands, would you spare my life?”
Jiang Zhengzhong froze and looked at Chen Ping in horror, and was just about to say something when he saw that Chen Ping’s big hand was about to fall with a wave!
“Wait a minute ……”
Just as Chen Ping was about to make his move, suddenly Li Shouyi rushed in and stopped Chen Ping!
Gu Ling’er followed closely behind, and after seeing that Su Yuqi and Chen Ping were fine, and that the ground was all covered with the bodies of the Jiang family members, Gu Ling’er’s heart settled down quite a bit.
“Pavilion Master Li, why did you stop me?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Li Shouyi in confusion.
“Chen Ping, if you kill this Jiang Zhengzhong, his brother will probably not let you off, and then maybe the entire Martial Alliance of the provincial city will suffer!”
Li Shouyi said with a gloomy face.
“His brother?” Chen Ping frowned, not understanding who Jiang Zhengzhong’s younger brother was!
As for that Wu Liu, upon hearing this, he was shocked and said, “Didn’t that Jiang Zhengde die a long time ago? How could he still be alive?”
“Jiang Zhengde didn’t die, now he has become a sect leader in Kyoto and is very strong!”
Li Shouyi shook his head and said.
At this, everyone froze and seemed to understand who this Jiang Zhengde was that Li Shouyi was talking about, only Chen Ping and the few of them were dumbfounded!
“Hahahahaha, you can’t kill me, if you kill me, my brother will definitely take revenge for me, he will kill your whole family ……”
Jiang Zhengzhong, who was kneeling on the ground, suddenly jumped up and laughed madly!
“Jiang Zhengzhong, don’t be complacent, back then it was you who forced your brother away and sent someone to kill him in order to become the Jiang family head, now even if he didn’t die, it’s impossible for him to avenge you, I guess he wants to kill you now!”
Wu Liu Yi snorted coldly at Jiang Zhengzhong.