“If you can’t beat me, even if you bring out your Mu Clan Ancestor, what’s the point, I’ll beat it up just the same!”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
Mu Kunrong ignored Chen Ping, and soon from within his body, a terrifying might burst out!
Boom!
In an instant, the formations around the ring unexpectedly collapsed in an instant!
Chen Ping only felt a wave of breath coming at him, and his entire body instantly flew backwards!
The surrounding cultivators who were watching, also did not expect it to turn out like this, and were sent flying out by the aura!
Chen Ping hovered in mid-air, looking down at that Mu Kunrong, his brows slightly furrowed!
At this moment, an extremely strong aura appeared around that Mu Kunrong’s body!
This aura was expanding and then enveloped his entire body!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, thunder unexpectedly resounded in the air!
The crowd looked up and realised that at an unknown time, a large dark cloud had appeared, covering the entire sky of South End City!
A streak of thunder flashed up in the dark cloud!
“Could it be that the Mu Family Head is crossing the threshold at this time?”
“It can’t be, it’s just come out of the gate, could it be that the Mu Family Lord is relying on a secret method to forcefully transmigrate to raise his realm?”
“It’s very possible, if he’s raising it, then it’s the sixth rank of the Mahayana realm, I’m afraid that this Chen Ping won’t be a match!”
The crowd looked at the streaks of thunder and lightning and thought that it was a thunder tribulation, so they talked about it!
And Chen Ping could see at a glance that it was not a thunderbolt cloud, and Mu Kunrong was not in the middle of a tribulation!
Along with the thunder and lightning roaring, the aura of Mu Kunrong’s body grew stronger and stronger, and this aura directly enveloped the heavens and earth!
And Mu Kunrong’s body, in the midst of this aura, actually began to deflate!
“What is this situation?”
Mu Kunrong looked like he was about to disappear!
“Kid, you’re just waiting to die!”
Mu Kunrong’s eyes were scarlet, and in the last moments of his disappearance, he stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare and roared!
Boom!
The thunder and lightning in the air resounded even more loudly in the sky, and a thunderbolt flashed frequently!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and there was no fear in his eyes!
No matter what tricks this Mu Kunrong played, he would just catch it!
Mu Kunrong’s body glowed with a dazzling light, and the crowd could no longer see his body!
The breath in the surroundings had formed a tornado that raged above the ring!
Mu Kunrong’s body only had an outline left, and it was impossible to see his facial features!
In the end, Mu Kunrong’s body even disappeared from the outline, turning into a beam of light!
Boom!
The light soared into the sky, and then a majestic aura pressed down from above!
This aura was overbearing and incomparable!
Many of the surrounding cultivators, retreated backwards, they didn’t want to watch a spectacle and put their lives on the line!
Chen Ping’s eyes were cold to the core as he felt that overbearing and incomparable aura!
That aura instantly bombarded Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body, like a meteor, fell from mid-air and smashed heavily on top of the ring!
The hard ring platform was instantly smashed by Chen Ping’s body and exploded at this moment!
The ring disappeared, and the terrifying aura was still thinking about the surrounding area!
Luckily, many cultivators had dodged early, or else they would have been swept away by the aura!
Chen Ping’s body disappeared from the crowd’s view and smashed deeply into the ground!
And the dark, dark clouds in the air slowly condensed into a human form!
A humanoid that was a hundred feet tall and looked to follow that Mu Kunrong but bore a slight resemblance!
“Could this be the Mu Clan’s ancestor?”
“The ancestor looks a bit strange!”
“That Mu Kunrong sacrificing himself and invoking the Mu Family’s old ancestor is also ruthless enough.”
“He must have known that he was no match for that Chen Ping, and that it would be a death sentence to fight on, so that’s why he was like this.”
The crowd looked at the humanoid that had coalesced from that black cloud and couldn’t help but discuss!
That humanoid slowly lowered his head and looked towards Chen Ping who had been knocked into the ground!