Roar!
The golden dragon hissed, the earth and sky trembled, and the sea instantly sent up huge waves, and the crowd hurriedly put up their shields to protect the safety of the spirit boat!
Wang Qingshi looked at the golden dragon behind Chen Ping, and his original arrogance was instantly extinguished!
“What the hell are you …… you? Why were you able to make the golden dragon appear?”
“Is that some kind of psychedelic spell you’re using?”
Wang Qing Shi asked!
“What’s the point of asking so many f*cking questions, if you want to fight, then fight, there’s so much f*cking bullsh*t!”
Flames rose from Chen Ping’s body, and even the Golden Dragon’s body rose with flames!
It directly turned into a fire dragon and opened its bloody mouth!
“You seek death ……”
Wang Qingshi roared, the huge sword in his hand chopped down fiercely towards Chen Ping!
The golden dragon hissed and charged straight up, facing that huge sword directly!
Boom!
The giant sword was blocked by the golden dragon, and then the golden dragon spewed out a mouthful of dragon flame, and the thick flames instantly surrounded the giant!
The sky was filled with flames, reflecting the entire sky red, even the sea above was burning with flames!
Chen Wenliang and the others had to sail the spirit boat towards the distance!
“Hahaha, you want to burn me to death with flames, it’s a joke, this giant of mine isn’t afraid of water and fire.”
“And without life, it doesn’t fear death, you want to defeat me, dream on!”
Wrapped in flames, Wang Qingshi wasn’t afraid, but laughed out loud!
This giant of his was made with the secret technique of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, it was not flesh and blood, so it was not afraid of flames at all!
It was similar to a puppet that had no life and did not know life or death!
Now that Wang Qingshi followed the giant and fused it, everything was controlled by Wang Qingshi, the giant was without a mind of its own!
The giant stood in the midst of the flames, its body emitting golden light, the flames really had no way to bring any harm to the giant!
“Since you can’t be burned, then I will hack you to death ……”
Chen Ping leapt forward, his entire body standing on top of the dragon head!
The Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand erupted with a hundred feet of sword awnings, and then he swung it with vigour!
The sword aura rolled on, carrying a piercing white light.
Rumbling …………
The various breaths within Chen Ping’s body were flowing continuously as he chopped at the giant sword by sword!
Chen Ping’s sword speed was very fast, and every sword chop on that giant erupted into a sky of sparks!
“Hahahaha, I told you it’s useless, even though this sword of yours is good, it won’t be able to break through this giant defence of mine at all!”
Wang Qing Shi laughed out loud!
Chen Ping, however, didn’t pay any attention to him at all, instead, he kept striking out, and with each sword, it was like a mountain slamming down, causing the heavens and earth to tremble, the void to distort, and the ages to roar!
The surface of the sea was even induced by this sword sword to roll over in huge waves, the water column that rushed into the sky went straight to the clouds, as if it was the end of the world!
Wang Qing Shi, who originally did not care about it, suddenly many tiny cracks appeared on the giant’s body!
And the various lines on the giant talisman paper he took out unexpectedly trembled!
Speaking of which, this giant of Wang Qingshi’s wasn’t really a puppet, but rather, it was made using a secret technique and using runic culture!
The power that it actually possessed, and this defence, was not made of its own material, but all relied on the densely-packed runes on the runic paper to support it!
If the runes were destroyed, then the giant’s strength weakened!
“Damn, I thought you kid was wasting your efforts, I didn’t realise that you already had plans!”
Wang Qing Shi frowned slightly and didn’t dare to be careless anymore!
He only saw that he forced out his essence blood from his brow and directly applied that essence blood on top of the talisman paper!
The golden giant turned red in an instant, and the densely packed runes all turned blood red as well!
The blood-coloured runes covered the giant’s entire body, emitting and terrifying aura!
“It’s my turn ……”
Wang Qingshi shouted, the longsword in his hand flowed with light, and the void was all instantly chopped open!
Chen Ping stood on top of the dragon’s head, feeling the power of the sword, but he did not dodge at all, but leapt forward!