The black light slowly converged and took shape above Ning Zhi’s head, and soon a black circle of light appeared, within which was pitch black and nothing could be seen.
And the space within the circle of light seemed to be rippling, like a calm lake being blown by a mighty wind!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping frowned slightly.
“Could it be that this fellow is summoning some foreign beast again?”
On Dragon Lock Island, Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan, had summoned foreign beasts before, and Chen Ping had thought that Ning Zhi was up to his old tricks this time.
However, after waiting for a while, nothing appeared from within the dark circle of light.
Instead, a buzzing sound rang out, followed by a pressure that pervaded from within the circle of light, which was like sound waves, rushing towards Chen Ping’s body one after another.
“Chen Ping, I tell you, this is the Immortal Punishment Formation, this technique was learned from an ancient book hundreds of years old, not to mention you are a mere mortal, even if you are an immortal, you will never be able to escape ……”
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping angrily, but at this time Ning Zhi’s whole face also began to twist and distort.
Performing such a spell was also extremely challenging and wearing for Ning Zhi.
However, in order to be able to kill Chen Ping, Ning Zhi could only put up a fight.
A black light coalesced, and a stream of mighty pressure continuously emanated out, and all objects touched by this mighty pressure were all turned into powder.
The entire manor, even the ruined walls, were now turned into powder, and there was nothing left in a circle of hundreds of metres.
Not far away, the Devil Suppressing Tower was currently emitting a roar, seemingly resisting the pressure.
In an area of thousands of square metres, apart from the two of them, Chen Ping and Ning Zhi, only the Demon Subduing Tower could still tower over them.
Chen Ping felt this extremely strong pressure, and the bones in his body continued to cackle.
This pressure, wave after wave, did not give Chen Ping a chance to catch his breath!
Just as Chen Ping was being controlled by this pressure, and the scales on his body continued to crumble, the earth suddenly trembled!
A chain as black as ink grew out like a tentacle.
One, two …………
A total of eighteen blackened chains, emitting a burst of cold aura, formed a cage, trapping Chen Ping within.
These chains were like they came from the eighteen levels of hell, and even above those chains, the cries of ghosts from hell could be heard.
A cry so regal that it directly caused one’s scalp to tingle and one’s body to tremble!
“A good Immortal Punishing Formation, I just don’t know if it can trap me, a True Immortal ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the dragon crystal on his chest began to flicker as a divine dragon power erupted, forming a huge dragon that wrapped around Chen Ping’s body.
Just as Chen Ping’s divine dragon power erupted, the Devil Suppressing Tower suddenly trembled, followed by many dense points of light flying out from within the Devil Suppressing Tower.
These dots of light were clearly visible even in the middle of the sky, as billions of dots of light kept coming closer and closer, finally converging together to enter Chen Ping’s body.
Ning Zhi’s pupils shrank, his eyes filled with disbelief!
He had no idea what these points of light that suddenly flew out from within the Demon Subduing Tower were.
The power within Chen Ping’s body continued to grow, and a giant dragon let out a dragon roar as it rose from Chen Ping’s body into the sky.
Eighteen huge dragons, directly wrapped around those eighteen black iron chains, the golden light radiating from the dragons, followed by the cold iron chains formed a stark contrast.
Ning Zhi’s mouth involuntarily opened as he stared at the scene before him.
“Dragon crystal? The power of the divine dragon?”
Greed and anger filled Ning Zhi’s eyes!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, this Dragon Crystal would have been his own, and this terrifying divine Dragon Force would have been his own as well.
Now these had instead become Chen Ping’s capital!
Chen Ping’s body continued to emit light, and a bead that shone with a multicoloured light flew straight out of Chen Ping’s body.