Chen Ping, on the other hand, brought Gu Tianzhao and the others from the Two Yi Sect to start laying down the defence spell formation!
The entire island was also more than ten miles in size, and it was difficult to lay down such a large formation in a short period of time!
Therefore, Chen Ping and the others were also desperately rushing their work, Chen Ping first laid down the formation eyes on the island, and then Gu Tianzhao led the people from the Two Yi Sect to draw formation patterns around the island!
Chen Wenliang, on the other hand, was leading all the pharmacists, searching every inch of the land for secret chambers or secret passages!
Everyone was fighting for their lives, none of them were idle, they all knew that it was a race against time!
“President Chen, a secret chamber has been discovered ……”
At this moment, a pharmacist shouted out!
Chen Wenliang immediately rushed over with his men and then followed a dark tunnel in!
It was dark and damp down there, with only a faint firelight and rows and rows of cells, it was obvious that this was a dungeon!
“President Chen, President Chen …………”
Seeing that it was Chen Wenliang and the others who had come in, the Apothecary who was imprisoned within the dungeon was very excited and began to shout!
This startled Chen Wenliang and when approached, he realised that it was actually Bao Longxing and the others!
Seeing this scene, Chen Wenliang was slightly stunned and then laughed out loud!
“Pao Longxing, aren’t you guys following the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect is together, how come you’re locked up in the dungeon at this time?”
Chen Wenliang laughed out loud!
Pao Long Xing was filled with shame and hurriedly said, “President Chen, I was deceived by that Su Tian Shuo, all of us were hoodwinked into listening to the words of that Su Tian Shuo, now that Su Tian Shuo has been subdued by us, so you quickly open the cell door and let us out!”
After Bao Longxing finished speaking, he let the people dodge away, directly exposing the dying Su Tianshuo!
Looking at Su Tianshuo in that state, Chen Wenliang was just in a mood, it was all because of this guy that they became what they are now!
“You guys are simply self-inflicted, it’s not good to co-operate with anyone, but to follow the people of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, these people are incredibly cunning, otherwise you wouldn’t have been driven to this kind of sh*thole!”
Chen Wenliang coldly snorted!
“Right, right, President Chen is right in teaching us a lesson, we do deserve it, we know we are wrong, please President Chen let us out.”
“Let’s join forces to exterminate those brutes from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect.”
Bao Longxing begged!
“President Chen, let us out, we really know we’re wrong.”
“Together, we’ll kill the people of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect and destroy this place.”
“President Chen, you and I have also worked together for many years, please ……”
Numerous pill masters began to pray to Chen Wenliang one after another!
Seeing this, Chen Wenliang, on the other hand, was unable to bear it, so he loudly opened the cell door!
However, when he had just reached out, a white light flashed and directly knocked Chen Wenliang back!
“President Chen, there’s a formation here, we have to break it.”
Bao Longxing reminded!
Seeing this, Chen Wenliang then ordered Chen Ping to go and find him immediately, he couldn’t do the thing of breaking the formation, he could only let Chen Ping come!
Chen Ping had already made the formation eye, and was only waiting for Gu Tianzhao to bring the people from the Two Yi Sect to perfect the formation!
Upon knowing that Chen Wenliang was looking for him, Chen Ping immediately rushed over.
“Fellow Daoist Chen, this dungeon is protected by a formation, so we must break the formation open.”
Chen Wenliang said!
Chen Ping glanced at the dungeon and then at the many pill masters within the dungeon!
When these people saw Chen Ping, they all lowered their heads, not daring to look directly into Chen Ping’s eyes!
Although Chen Ping was only at the sixth level of the Transition Realm, and many of the pill masters in here were at a higher level than Chen Ping, at this moment, they did not dare to look at Chen Ping squarely in the eyes!
That majesty on Chen Ping’s body just pressed these people to raise their heads!
Although they knew that the Demon Sealing Alliance was chasing Chen Ping with another hundred years of offerings, none of them dared to make a move at this moment!
Chen Ping’s strength was evident to them all, from capturing Wang Qingshi, as well as charging into the storm only to come out unharmed!