However, as Chen Ping travelled forward, he found that there was no path, and before him was actually a rock wall!
The place where Chen Ping had fallen was an abyss, and at this moment, Chen Ping had actually walked to the end of the abyss!
This time, Chen Ping had no choice but to swim upwards!
As Chen Ping swam upwards, he saw that the rock wall had been burnt into very special crystals by the flames!
All of them were glittering with red light and looked crystal clear and very attractive!
Chen Ping reached out and touched the rock wall, and a thick stream of Flame Qi surged into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, he did not expect that there was pure Flame Qi stored in here!
If he used these crystals to quench his True Flame Dharma Body and enhance his Supreme Flame, it would definitely be twice the result with half the effort!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping hurriedly sacrificed his Dragon Cutting Sword and chopped at the rock wall, trying to cut down the crystals on it!
However, Chen Ping’s rock wall didn’t even move after several swords in a row!
These crystals were simply too strong!
Being able to be here, being burnt by the flames for who knows how long, so the crystals must be incredibly strong!
Seeing that there was no way to take the crystals away, Chen Ping could only quietly press his hands on top of the rock wall, absorbing the fiery flame Qi within the crystals!
“This place is really somewhat magical, I so want to have seen it somewhere ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
“You’ve seen it? Where have you seen it before?”
Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
“Can’t think of it, you also know that I have lost my memory and can’t think of it, but if you let me control your body, maybe I can think of something.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s mind, that was not hidden at all!
“Impossible, you’d better put away that little mind of yours!”
Chen Ping glared at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Kid, if you let me through now, when the time comes for me to recover my physical body and rejoin the Heavenly Realm, I will definitely help you as well.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch turned to Chen Ping in an almost pleading manner!
“Fart, whether you can recover your physical body or not is still not dependent on whether I can find those remains that you left behind, so don’t hit on the idea of my physical body ……”
Chen Ping shook his head, dead or alive, he would not be agreeing to this, this one time it almost made Chen Ping’s flesh body hang!
Chen Ping was not paying attention to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, but was quietly absorbing the fiery flame Qi within the crystal!
At the same time that True Flame Dharma Body was also strengthening.
With the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit in his hand, even if it was the most powerful Supreme Fire Blaze, Chen Ping did not have to be afraid of it!
Only wasting away that puppet made Chen Ping still feel a little pity!
And at this moment, Elder Tu had already rushed into the magma river and kept groping in the fiery abyss, he had to find Chen Ping’s location before he could do so!
At this moment, he had long since become unafraid of the fiery flames, the ghostly faces all over his body had already helped him to counteract all of the fiery aura!
Along with Elder Tu’s continuous groping, he soon reached the end of the abyss, and the red crystals on the rock wall attracted Elder Tu!
Just as Elder Tu was about to take a look at those red crystals, he suddenly realised that above his head, it was Chen Ping who was absorbing the Flame Qi within the crystals!
At this time, the flame vortex around Chen Ping had slowly disappeared, and Chen Ping had yet to discover Elder Tu’s presence!
How could Chen Ping not have thought that Elder Tu would be at his feet?
After all, that Elder Tu did not have the Supreme Flame Essence Spirit, it was impossible for him to stay at the deepest length of time!
Having discovered Chen Ping, that Elder Tu’s breathing had begun to become a bit rapid!
Only to see that on Elder Tu’s palm, a strand of black flame continued to hover and coalesce into a long, powerful black arrow.
Whoosh!
The long arrow came out, instantly piercing through the magma and through the layers of flames, like a meteor, heading towards Chen Ping!
There was a loud explosion, and the entire magma river began to boil!
When the explosion dissipated, Elder Tu was surprised to find that Chen Ping was still above his head, seemingly not having suffered any attack at all!