“Elder Xu, this valley master of yours, does he also live in the valley all the time?”
Chen Ping asked to Xu Changsheng in a slightly thoughtful manner.
“Of course, for the past thirty years, the valley master has been living within the valley, but sometimes he would also make a trip out of the valley ……”
Xu Changsheng returned.
“Thirty years?” Chen Ping was stunned, “Did your Valley Master not grow up in this valley?”
Xu Changsheng shook his head, “Our valley master came to Pill God Valley thirty years ago, when our old valley master happened to disappear and there was no leader in the group. The valley master would occasionally give us one to eat, so that’s why we recommended him to be the valley master ……”
When he heard Xu Changsheng’s explanation, Chen Ping instantly realized that this valley master was a halfway house, no wonder just now Chen Ping felt a different aura from the others in that Pill God Valley master.
But at this moment, Chen Ping still couldn’t figure out the strong blood aura on the Pill God Valley Master’s body, could it be that the Pill God Valley Master had gone to kill someone?
And with such a strong blood aura, it could never be a person that was killed. Chen Ping could not figure out why the Pill God Valley Master, who was uncontested in the world, would go and kill someone.
Chen Ping couldn’t figure it out, so he simply didn’t think about it, but just now after he pulled out the Shennong Cauldron, the reaction of the Pill God Valley Master, obviously knew that what he was holding was the Shennong Cauldron, and the searing heat in his eyes, obviously with desire.
Chen Ping always felt that there was something wrong with this Pill God Valley Master, and that the meal at noon was likely to be a Hongmen Banquet.
As the saying goes, wealth does not reveal itself, one had revealed the divine Nong Cauldron, and it would be hard for someone who knew the value of the divine Nong Cauldron not to reveal their desire.
But Xiao Lan was still lying in the Pill God Hall, Chen Ping himself could not just walk away, so he planned to see what happened.
It was noon ……
Inside a huge restaurant in the Pill God Valley, the several elders and the Pill God Valley Master were all present, and only Chen Ping was an outsider.
In front of each of them, there was a small porcelain plate on which a bright red elixir was placed.
“Brother Chen, this is the Life Enhancement Pill I was telling you about, our valley master is really good to you, he actually treated you to a Life Enhancement Pill, usually it’s hard for a few of us to eat ……”
Xu Changsheng sat next to Chen Ping and whispered to Chen Ping.
The other few elders looked at the life increasing pills in front of them, their eyes glowing, all wanting to swallow them in a single bite with impatience.
After all, the desire for life was something that everyone had, and who didn’t want to live longer?
Even if they have now reached the realm of Martial Sect, even if they are able to refine worries and heal the sick and save others, no one can stop the pace of time, they will still grow old and die of old age …………
Now a life increasing pill can increase the life expectancy by three to five years, if this were to be taken to the outside world, I’m afraid that the top tycoons would buy it even if they poured their families into it.
“Alright, everyone, let’s eat ……”
The Pill God Valley Master gave the word, several elders couldn’t wait to take the life increasing pill, Xu Changsheng also dropped a mouthful into his mouth and swallowed it.
While Chen Ping picked up the Life Enhancement Pill in front of him, he did not eat it, a wisp of spiritual energy was injected into the Life Enhancement Pill, and immediately afterwards a thick blood smell instantly emerged.
Chen Ping’s face changed and his eyebrows furrowed, because at this moment the materials for the refining of this Life Enhancement Pill instantly appeared in Chen Ping’s mind.
This Life Enhancement Pill was not refined from precious herbs, but from human hearts, from the still beating hearts of living people, and these people also had to be infants under six months old.
Use a baby’s heart to refine the elixir and give yourself an increased life span