“Patriarch Jiang, none of the Soul Demon Sect disciples are in any serious trouble anymore, they just need to recuperate!”
Chen Ping said to Patriarch Jiang!
“Mr Chen, thank you so much, if it wasn’t for you, I’m afraid that this Soul Demon Sect of mine would have been wiped out.”
Patriarch Jiang said with great gratitude.
“Patriarch Jiang, it was just a show of hands, it’s just that I wasn’t able to kill that Di Chong Jing, I’m afraid that he will come back to trouble you in the future.”
Chen Ping said!
After hearing this, Patriarch Jiang looked a little forlorn and sighed softly, “I really didn’t expect that Eldest Brother and Second Brother would follow Di Chong Jing into the same crowd, they have broken their vows to Master.”
“I’m also sorry Master, after all, I wasn’t able to resist the desire for the realm ……”
“Patriarch Jiang, what is going on here? And how did you master and brothers fall to the point of turning against each other?”Chen Ping asked curiously .
“Mr Chen, it’s a long story, we used to all worship under a single master, and our master was considered a renowned devil in the Celestial Realm.”
“It’s a pity that when he finally promoted to the realm of Transformation Immortal, he was injured by a thunderbolt and failed to cross the threshold, and in the end, he had no choice but to die ……”
“But before he died, the master urged us, must not use the study of the evil cultivation, although the blood sucking and gnawing bone cultivation can quickly enhance the cultivation, but this cultivation method, making the foundation unstable, the more to the back, the greater the chance of failure to cross the tribulation.”
“We all promised our master that we would never use evil techniques to cultivate, but then Di Chongjing went against his master and founded the Blood and Bone Sect, constantly sucking human blood and gnawing on human bones to cultivate, causing many cultivators in the Heavenly Demon Mountain to complain.”
“I had to join forces with other cultivators to hunt down Di Chongjing, but unfortunately, he fled to the Xiao Dynasty in the Western Region and hid.”
“This time he came back to take revenge, only I never thought that my eldest and second elder brothers would also break their vows to their master and follow Di Chongjing to become the same.”
Patriarch Jiang’s expression was very downcast, it was obvious that he was very shocked and saddened by what his Eldest Brother and Second Brother had done!
“Patriarch Jiang, people have their own aspirations, and it’s not up to us to influence what method others want to use to cultivate.”
“But do you know where this Eldest Brother and Second Brother of yours are?”
Chen Ping asked!
“I am not very clear, but they should still be in the place where we used to cultivate together, after all, they are most familiar with it.”
As Patriarch Jiang finished speaking, he looked at Chen Ping and asked, “Mr Chen, could it be that you are going to look for them?”
“Not right now, I have to go to South End City, the time I agreed to follow Mu Qing will be here soon, when I have dealt with Mu Qing, I will come and find Patriarch Jiang, take me to find those two senior brothers of yours.”
Chen Ping did not have time to go now, he still had to follow Mu Qing in the competition!
“No problem, Mr Chen should be running towards that Immortal Bone, right?”
Patriarch Jiang could see that Chen Ping was definitely running towards the Immortal Bone, at that time when he captured Di Chong Jing, Chen Ping had been pursuing the matter of the Immortal Bone!
Chen Ping just nodded and did not say anything!
After following Ochre Yan and explaining a few things, Chen Ping followed Ji Yun to leave the Soul Demon Sect in a zeppelin to South End City!
…………
In a dense forest in the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
There was a large area of white land, but when one approached, one realised that the white was not the land, but rather the white bones!
This area was surrounded by dense jungle and was tens of miles in size!
The sinister aura filled this area, and within a hundred miles around this area, there were no demonic beasts!
Looking down from a high altitude, a large hall was surprisingly piled high with senile white bones, it was very creepy and made one’s hairs explode with sweat and chills!