“Do it, the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu is going to disappear ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his entire body burst towards the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
But just as Chen Ping was rushing towards the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, several people from Zhu Hao’s side also instantly rushed out to intercept Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s face changed slightly as his body once again quickened its pace!
Boom ……
At that moment, a terrifying aura suddenly attacked towards Chen Ping, followed by the sight of a black shadow slapping at Chen Ping!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping shouted, and smashed his fist over!
At this time, Chen Ping didn’t dare to hold back in the slightest, and he struck with all his might!
The black shadow was instantly knocked back by Chen Ping!
At the same time, the old man at the peak of the Great Martial Marquis beside Zhu Hao also struck out.
His target went straight for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, there was no way for him to get the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu if the fight continued like this.
Just then, Zheng Anguo wielded his Xuanhua Axe and slashed out towards the old man, a radiant light containing the might of a Martial Saint, directly forcing the old man back!
“Mr. Chen, you go and fetch the He Shou Wu, we’ll leave this place to us ……”
Zheng An Guo took the Xuan Hua Axe and said loudly to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded and headed straight for that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu.
Meanwhile, Hu Ma Zi and also Zhou Jie both made their moves, directly following the people Zhu Hao brought into the melee!
Zhu Hao was holding a folding fan, and when he saw Chen Ping heading towards the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, he hurriedly waved the fan in his hand, and a ray of light shot out towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping saw this and instantly the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in his hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword shone with a faint green light, the terrifying sword aura instantly erupted, even the aura of the Martial Saint Artifact Folding Fan in Zhu Hao’s hand was compared to that!
Clang clang clang …………
With a few crisp sounds, Chen Ping directly blocked those few rays of light.
But just as Chen Ping was about to reach out to take that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
Within the rolling black clouds, a blue bolt of lightning instantly struck down!
The bolt of lightning struck Chen Ping directly, and Chen Ping’s body burst into a blue glow, followed by being thrown heavily and falling to the ground!
Seeing this, Zhu Hao knew that his time had almost come, so he leapt up and went straight for the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
This Zhu Hao actually ignored the danger of Chen Ping just being struck by that lightning bolt!
But just as Zhu Hao got close to the Ten Thousand Year Elder Crow, the same bolt of lightning struck down!
Seeing this, Zhu Hao threw the folding fan in his hand upwards and shouted, “Body Protection Technique ……”
The blue thunderbolt instantly struck the fan, but Zhu Hao was not harmed!
Zhu Hao was overjoyed and reached out to grab the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu.
Seeing this, Chen Ping leapt up, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly cut out a sharp sword qi, which was like a dragon, and a deep ravine appeared on the ground, heading straight for Zhu Hao!
Feeling the dangerous aura, Zhu Hao could only give up on grabbing the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu and dodged the sword qi with a flash of his body!
But at that moment, Chen Ping’s figure had also arrived in front of him, and Zhu Hao lost the chance to get the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
After reaching Zhu Hao, Chen Ping chopped out another sword and a golden dragon appeared, roaring and rushing towards Zhu Hao!
Seeing this, Zhu Hao could only wave his hand and took the folding fan back into his hand, followed by a vigorous swing of the fan, a gust of wind swept through, surprisingly blowing the golden dragon away!
But Chen Ping didn’t care, his goal now was to get the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
Just as Zhu Hao had made his move, Chen Ping had already made his move towards the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
As Chen Ping was about to get his hands on the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, blue lightning struck down from the black clouds!