At this moment, Chen Ping was holding a sword in his right hand and the flesh of the Blood Devil as a shield in his left hand, and was provocatively slapping his sword on the flesh of the Blood Devil a few times, making a few crisp sounds.
Looking at Chen Ping like that, several black and silver robes were a bit weepy and laughable.
“Go to hell ……”
This time, Chen Ping had seized the Martial Saint Blade, and with the Blood Demon’s flesh as a shield, he could completely ignore these Black Silver Robes.
With a wave of the Martial Saint Blade in Chen Ping’s hand, light instantly blossomed out, instantly heading towards several of the black and silver robes.
The turquoise light was several times more dazzling than that Old Five had used, and the Martial Saint weapon possessed the aura of a Martial Saint powerhouse.
With the addition of the power of the divine dragon within Chen Ping, with this swing of Chen Ping, instantly dozens of rays of light shot out from the Martial Saint Sword!
Seeing that the Martial Saint Blade was able to exert such great power in Chen Ping’s hands, Old Fifth’s face was ugly!
It was the same weapon, but in different hands, it exerted different power!
This was enough to surface that Old Fifth’s strength was incomparable to Chen Ping’s.
“Humph …………”
Seeing this, the boss coldly snorted, followed by the tiger finger in his hand emitting a brilliant and dazzling light!
Then both fists kept waving out, and a light directly met them.
Dozens of turquoise rays of light were directly smashed down, and it was evident that the Martial Saint weapon in this boss’s hand was obviously more powerful.
“Not bad, it seems that the Martial Saint Artifact in your hand, will be given to me as well ……”
Chen Ping said, the Martial Saint’s Blade in his hand was once again raised, followed by a loud roar, the golden light around Chen Ping’s body continued to surge, and the power of the divine Dragon even swarmed into that Martial Saint’s Blade!
It was only the first time Chen Ping had used the Martial Saint’s Blade, and there was not the slightest tacit understanding to speak of.
Now Chen Ping also seemed to understand the Martial Saint Blade.
“Chop ……”
A several feet high sharpness instantly erupted from above the Martial Saint Blade, a dazzling light dazzling the eyes!
Along with Chen Ping’s swing of the blade, the huge blade instantly transformed into hundreds and thousands of dense streaks, enveloping towards the several black and silver robes!
This time, the blades were like a gale sweeping down, covering the sky.
Seeing this, the three black and silver robes could only resist to their death!
The oldest one kept waving his fists out, and a ray of light shot out, desperately stopping the locust-like blades.
Without the Martial Saint’s Blade, the oldest five could only exude his energy to protect his body, and also desperately waved out a stream of energy with his fists to block them!
And that Old Seven threw the ring-shaped sharp blade in his hand high, spinning it so fast that it instantly rushed within that dense blade, desperately blocking it!
Boom boom boom …………
The blades kept smashing down and hitting the three men’s bodies, and the three men’s figures began to retreat backwards incessantly.
The oldest and the seventh were fine, the two of them still had weapons in their hands to block.
But that old fifth could only rely on his two fists to resist, and the strength of his own body!
But along with one blade hitting his body, a wound had started to appear on Old Five’s body, and eventually his body was covered with wounds and blood, and it was unbearable.
“I’ll see how long you can hold out ……”
Chen Ping’s voice was ice-cold as the Martial Saint Blade in his hand swung out once again!
The blade that was about to disappear was now once again falling as densely as if it was raining!
This time, several of the black and silver robes were going to collapse.
Poof …………
The old fifth couldn’t take it any longer, a mouthful of blood spurted out and his body fell backwards heavily!
Only to see Old Five’s body covered in wounds as several blades pierced through Old Five’s body!
“Old Five ……”
The boss’s face changed drastically and he shouted explosively, the tiger finger in his hand continued to emit a brilliant light as he kept moving in Old Five’s direction.
He wanted to ward off these locust-like blades for Old Five.
At this moment, the ring-shaped sharp blade in that Old Seven’s hand finally could not resist under the fierce wind and rain-like attack, and instantly turned into powder.