“Ah ………… I’m going to kill you, this is what I’ve cultivated for years!”
Seeing his beloved poison are dead, Qian Feng completely lost his mind, a fist towards Chen Ping viciously smashed over!
Chen Ping snorted coldly, his body all but let see disappear, and then before that Qian Feng could react, a fist smashed into that Qin Feng’s chest!
Qian Feng had no time to react, his whole body was just thrown up like a kite with a broken string, Chen Ping leapt towards Qian Feng in mid-air, followed by another punch!
With each punch, Qian Feng’s body would rise up a distance, until it was more than 20 metres above the ground, when Chen Ping’s body fell down!
And Qian Feng’s body smashed down with the speed of free fall, directly smashing the ground into a big crater, and the mask on his face turned into two halves and fell down!
Underneath the mask was a hideous, terrifying face, like that of a severe ghost, scaring Shen Mengchen into shrieking!
Qian Feng was spouting blood, trying to get up, but he couldn’t get up at all, his eyes were terrified as he looked at Chen Ping, his eyes were full of disbelief, he found that Chen Ping’s strength had suddenly increased so much that he didn’t even have the strength to fight back!
“Is this the best strength you have?” Chen Ping looked down at Qian Feng and said!
“Chen Ping, you …… can’t kill me, or else my righteous father won’t be able to let you go, if you let me go, I can hand over Xuan Yue Valley, or I can give you all the things of Xuan Yue Valley …… ”
Qian Feng said through clenched teeth!
“You are really shameless, this Xuan Yue Valley is not yours in the first place, so what can you do if you hand it over? Besides, if I kill you, isn’t Xuan Yue Valley still mine?”
Chen Ping sneered!
Qian Feng froze, and his horrible face became even more hideous: “If you kill me, you are making an enemy of the entire Miao Village ……”
“What can you do if you make an enemy of the Miao Village? I would like them to come to me for revenge, then I would have a reason to get my hands on all the poisonous items of the Miao Village …………”
Thinking about how those poisons could also increase his cultivation, Chen Ping was eager for the people from that Miao Village to come sooner!
“You …………” Qian Feng was so angry that he vomited blood repeatedly and couldn’t say a word!
Chen Ping then stomped down and directly blew Qian Feng’s head off!
Seeing Chen Ping kill Qian Feng so easily, Bai Zhan Tang and the others were all shocked!
“You few can’t die, right?”
Chen Ping asked as he swept a glance at Bai Zhan Tang and the others.
Several people all shook their heads, although they were all wounded, they were not fatal!
“That’s good, follow me in and see what’s good ……”
Chen Ping leapt on top of a small boat, while several others a*sisted in getting up and getting on board as well!
Looking at the densely packed corpses of poisonous creatures on the water, several people’s scalps tingled!
Soon the boat arrived at the other side of the river, the other people of Xuan Yue Valley had already fallen to their knees and were waiting to be sentenced, they had watched Chen Ping kill Qian Feng with their own eyes, who would dare to resist, and the reason why they obeyed Qian Feng’s words was that they were controlled by the parasites and had no choice!
“Mr. Chen, I still hope you can bypa*s them, these are also the old men of Lord Shen Gu, they were just controlled by that Qian Feng with the compulsion, and had no choice!”
The Eldest Elder pleaded with Chen Ping!
Chen Ping swept a glance at those people from Xuan Yue Valley and suddenly reached out with a wave of his hand, a faint red light instantly enveloped these people.
Soon, all of these people’s expressions became painful, followed by each one grasping their throats in a hideous manner!
“Mr. Chen …………”
The Grand Elder thought that Chen Ping was about to kill them!
But before he could finish his words, he saw these people dry heave, followed by one by one, all of the parasites were vomited out, and then scattered in all directions!