“Master Tang, I have a question for you, I wonder if Master Tang knows?”
Chen Ping said.
“Just ask, in the whole Ice Bear Island, there is nothing I don’t know ……”
Tang Dali said with an air of confidence.
“I wonder if Gang Master Tang knows about this Ice Bear Island relic?”
Chen Ping asked.
“The relics?” Tang Dali faintly stared, then looked at Chen Ping, “Could it be that you’re here for the relics?”
“Not bad!” Chen Ping nodded!
“Young man, I advise you to give up your heart, that relic is not something you can get your hands on with your strength, you should know that many people have wanted to find that relic to enter inside, but after so many years, apart from some people dying every year, no one can find the location of that relic!”
Tang Dali said to Chen Ping.
“Can’t find the location? Why is that?”
Chen Ping was astonished, according to him, this Ice Bear Island was not a large area, so how could he not be able to find the location?
“That relic has long been hidden under the vast snow, how can it be that easy to find, and there are many people who come to find the relic every year, all of them are experts above Martial Marquis, just this kind of experts, every year there are many deaths and injuries.”
“There are people from many countries all over the world, but in the end, they all come up empty-handed. With your current skills, you also want to come and look for the relics, isn’t that just looking for death?”
“For the sake of us all being Daxia people, I advise you to have a good time here for a few days and then go back, it’s not worth putting your life on the line here.”
Tang Dali said kindly to Chen Ping, persuading him.
Seeing Tang Dali say this, Chen Ping’s heart became even more longing for that relic, so he asked again, “Then does Master Tang know about the Asking Sword Sect?”
“Ask the Sword Sect?” Tang Dali pondered for a moment before shaking his head, “I don’t know what this Ask the Sword Sect is, I’ve never heard of it either!”
When Chen Ping saw that Tang Dali did not know, he did not ask anything, after all, the Sword Asking Sect had disappeared for too long!
After chatting with Tang Dali for a few more minutes, Chen Ping and Fan Jiang were ready to leave, but just as they got up, they heard a loud noise outside and soon the little driver came running in!
“Little Bit, what’s going on?”
Tang Dali asked.
“Gang master, the biker gang is looking for us, saying that our men beat up one of theirs and they want compensation!”
The little man said.
“D*mn, I haven’t even settled the score with them for what happened at the airport, but they’re here first, come out with me and take a look!”
Tang Dali was furious and headed out!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also got up and followed him out, and just as he went out, he saw a gang of big men with tiger backs and waists, each with angry eyes and faces full of murderous aura!
They were followed by men from the Daxia Gang, but in terms of size, they were obviously thinner and weaker!
“Tang Dali, at the airport my men were beaten up by your men, how do you think this matter should be handled?”
A big man with earrings and a face full of tattoos walked up and said to Tang Dali in broken Daxia dialect.
“Ivan, it was clearly your men who picked a fight first, and now that they’ve been beaten up, they’re coming after me?”
“Besides, the people who beat up your men were not from our Daxia gang, it was just the pa*sengers who couldn’t stand to watch!”
Tang Dali said to Ivan.
“It’s him, they are clearly a gang ……”
At this time, the bearded man who had been beaten saw Chen Ping at the back and immediately stood out and pointed at Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Ivan sneered, “Tang Dali, what else do you have to say, the man is right here with you, now you hand him over to me, after compensating me a medical fee, and I will not pursue this matter!”
“Joke, when have you ever seen our Daxia Gang hand over someone? If you’re not convinced, then let’s have a match ……”
Tang Dali didn’t look like he had these bikers in his sights!
Being at the realm of Martial Sect, it would be a handful to deal with these biker gang!