The waiting time was long, Cui Zhiyuan and his group were kneeling on the ground, their knees were in pain, but no one dared to get up, they just waited!
It had been twenty minutes when the door to the office was suddenly pushed open violently, and Lin Tianhu rushed in in a hurry!
“Master Tiger ……”
Hou Chunlei hurriedly greeted him!
When Cui Zhiyuan and the others heard that Lin Tianhu had arrived, they all looked up, and when their eyes fell on Lin Tianhu, they were all so scared that they almost fainted!
Not many of them had ever seen Lin Tianhu before, and when they saw him now, the bloodthirsty aura on his body instantly made them tremble with fear!
Lin Tianhu didn’t pay any attention to Hou Chunlei, instead his gaze fell directly on Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping gave a wink towards Lin Tianhu, who didn’t come forward to acknowledge him!
Wang Han Han and Sun Xiaomeng were both here, and if they knew that Chen Ping followed Lin Tianhu’s acquaintance, then Chen Ping’s parents would definitely know too.
Lin Tianhu looked at Cui Zhiyuan who was kneeling on the ground, and then turned back with a cold face and gave Hou Chunlei a fierce slap, “What did I tell you, didn’t I tell you to wait honestly?”
Hou Chunlei was slapped and was instantly bewildered, while Lin Tianhu squatted down and helped Cui Zhiyuan up.
“It’s my poor discipline, please bear with me ……” Lin Tianhu finished and looked at Hou Chunlei, “What happened to today’s arrival?”
Hou Chunlei didn’t dare to hide, he could only tell the whole story!
When he heard that it was that Boss Qian who caused it, Lin Tianhu’s face turned cold as he glanced at Boss Qian who was still hunched over on the ground!
“Master Tiger, I …………”
When Boss Qian felt Lin Tianhu’s biting look, he gritted his teeth and stood up, trying to explain!
“Break all his limbs and drag him out, and never allow him to set foot in Dynasty KTV again ……”
Lin Tianhu didn’t listen to Boss Qian’s explanation, but directly ordered someone to break his limbs and throw him out!
Hearing Boss Qian’s screams, Cui Zhiyuan and the others once again P*ssed their trousers in fear, the viciousness and brutality Lin Tianhu showed made them scared!
“Gentlemen, it is my men’s lax discipline today, all your spending, all of it is free of charge, you all go back and continue to play, I am sending someone to send a few bottles of good wine ……”
Lin Tianhu said with a smile on his face.
This sudden change of expression of Lin Tianhu made Cui Zhiyuan and the others all confused, not knowing what medicine Lin Tianhu was selling inside his gourd!
They all stood dumbfounded, not daring to move!
“Then we will thank Master Tiger for his kindness ……”
Seeing that no one spoke and no one moved, Chen Ping could only speak up and say.
“I should, I should, it’s my poor discipline for this matter today ……”
Lin Tianhu said in a very humble manner!
Chen Ping pulled Wang Han Han and Sun Xiaomeng, who were still in shock, out of the office and retraced their steps back to the private room!
Seeing this, Cui Zhiyuan and the others all walked back as if they were walking corpses!
“Master Tiger, these people are …………”
“Snap ……”
Not waiting for Hou Chunlei to finish, Lin Tianhu once again slapped that Hou Chunlei on the face!
“Do you know who that Chen Ping is?” Lin Tianhu asked coldly to Hou Chunlei after he finished hitting him.
Hou Chunlei shook his head, “I don’t know!”
“He is our temple master, our top boss ……”
Lin Tianhu’s words instantly made that Hou Chunlei’s face change!
As Lin Tianhu’s right hand man, the Gathering of Righteousness Hall was a hall under the Heavenly Dragon Hall, Hou Chunlei knew that, and Lin Tianhu had also told him that the Heavenly Dragon Hall’s Hall Master had shown up.
But he never expected that the Hall Master was this Chen Ping today, a character who looked unimpressive!
“Then …… that Feng Sihai was defeated by him?” Hou Chunlei asked with a shocked expression.