Then they fell into different time and space, and some of them were chopped in half by the space-time sharp blades!
Chen Ping held his breath as an eye instantly appeared at his brow, before Chen Ping’s eyes, the endless blackness turned into a greyish haze, and those space-time sharp blades were able to be seen clearly by Chen Ping!
The Heavenly Underworld Eye was opened, allowing Chen Ping to easily snatch over those Space-Time Sharp Edges!
Seeing the eyes that suddenly appeared on Chen Ping’s forehead, Elder Tu, on the other hand, was filled with shock!
Immediately followed by a miserable scream, Elder Tu’s legs were instantly chopped off by the space-time sharp blades.
At this time, Elder Tu’s legs had been separated from his body and had fallen into a different space-time.
Now although Chen Ping was able to spot those space-time sharp blades, which space was the way to life?
Not every place that a void rift transported to was another world!
The place that a bit of Void Rift transported to was a dead land!
The entire world was a dead land without a single life!
If one arrived at such a place, there was no other way but to die, and it would be that lonely and solitary death!
Chen Ping did not want to go to that kind of place!
“Senior, help me see, which one of these void cracks is the way to life?”
Chen Ping had no choice but to ask the Red Cloud Demon Lord for advice!
“You are so terribly stupid, I really don’t know how on earth you survived until now when you are so stupid.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch blankly glanced at Chen Ping, then said, “Within each small void rift, there are different scents that exist, if you don’t want to leave this place, look for the one with the most similar scent to this place, and you will definitely not go wrong.”
“Different spaces, different worlds, the scent can’t be the same unless it’s in the same world!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s words immediately enlightened Chen Ping!
If the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had not said this, Chen Ping would not have thought of this!
“Senior, thank you, I am truly enlightened ……”
Chen Ping thanked the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“What’s there to be thankful for, when you reach my realm, controlling thousands of world breaths, you can tear through the void at any time and reach that world you want to go to.”
“But the prerequisite is that you have to control that world’s breath before you can do so, only then can you utilise that world’s breath and tear through the void to reach the place you thought of.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping was shocked, he thought that people like the Red Cloud Demon Monarch wanted to go wherever they wanted to go, but he didn’t realise that there was also a restriction, you had to be in control of the breath of the world before you could use the void rift to teleport there!
“Senior, if I want to go to a world, and I don’t know the breath of that world, is there no way to go there?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“Stupid, just because you don’t know, doesn’t mean that others don’t know ah, isn’t it just a matter of having someone help you tear the void and create a void rift.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said breathlessly!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was immediately embarrassed, how simple it was, but he hadn’t even thought of it!
It was as if one did not recognise a place and did not know the way, one could find a driver who knew the way to take them there!
Such a simple truth, Chen Ping even had to ask!
Embarrassed, Chen Ping stopped talking and hurriedly probed the aura emanating from each void rift!
Soon, Chen Ping noticed a small void rift as it had a hint of a familiar aura in it.
The only auras Chen Ping was familiar with right now were the Worldly Realm and the Celestial Realm!
If this void rift was not leading to the Celestial Realm, then it was the Secular Realm!
If he really arrived at the Secular Realm, Chen Ping would be able to go home and have a good look around!
Seriously, he was homesick!
Regardless of whether it was to the Secular Realm or the Celestial Realm, Chen Ping could accept it, so without hesitation, he rushed into that void rift!
Along with a huge burst of power, Chen Ping tumbled up as a whole, followed by his mind going blank and instantly losing consciousness!