Brush ……
Only to see the sword flash past, the weapons in the hands of several of Xu Song’s men were instantly chopped into two!
Moreover, each of them had a tens of centimeters of blood marks left on their chests, and their bodies even retreated one after another!
The four men looked at the weapons in their hands in shock, knowing that these weapons of theirs, which were also made of tungsten steel at the expense of the Martial Arts Union, were incredibly hard, yet they were easily chopped off by Chen Ping.
“Brothers, it looks like this time it’s going to be a fight to the death ……”
Xu Song said, his body aura becoming even more rampant.
“Hmph, together, a few of you are just a mantis ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, followed by another swing of his sword!
Boom ……
Sword Qi roared, and the entire Extreme Bliss City actually began to tremble under this sword!
Xu Song roared, and then his hands coalesced to form a glowing light and blasted to meet it.
Seeing this, the others also hurriedly activated their spells to meet this sword of Chen Ping’s!
Piercing ……
The sword qi cut Xu Song’s ray of light directly to pieces with a devastating gesture, and continued towards the four without the slightest hint of stopping.
Xu Song was shocked and instinctively retreated backwards, while the other three sent countless radiant rays of light towards Chen Ping.
One by one, the light struck Chen Ping’s body, but Chen Ping didn’t move at all, as if he was unconscious!
Swish ……
The sword qi instantly pa*sed through the four people, everyone looked at Chen Ping in shock, and the movements in their hands stopped completely!
Poof …………
Suddenly, one person lay down without warning, and immediately afterwards blood began to gush out from the waist up, with his internal organs flowing out.
This sword had directly cut the man in half!
Xu Song looked at his tragically dead companion and couldn’t help but suck in a cold breath.
One must know that the four of them were all Martial Marquis realm powerhouses trained by the Martial Dao Alliance!
Now that the four of them had joined forces, they were unable to help Chen Ping, and had been killed by Chen Ping with a single backhanded sword, Chen Ping’s strength had left them completely dumbfounded.
“This Dragon Slashing Sword of mine has not seen blood for a long time, today it is just the right time to let your blood feed my Dragon Slashing Sword ……”
Chen Ping said as he shook the Zenglong Sword in his hand.
Chen Ping could feel the bloodthirsty impulse of the Dragon Cutting Sword, and then another sword came out!
The first sword of the Nine Shadows divine Sword, in an instant, a sword mane several feet long descended as if from the sky, followed by a fierce sword cut down.
The sword mane emitted a piercing light, causing the entire Extreme Bliss City to shine brightly!
The tremendous sense of oppression caused all three of Xu Song’s bodies to tremble.
Let alone whether or not they could defeat Chen Ping, just the power of Chen Ping’s sword had already made their hearts shudder and left them with no fighting spirit.
“Quickly, merge ……”
Seeing this, Xu Song hurriedly yelled out.
Immediately afterwards, the three men fiercely stood back to back together, followed by a loud shout, and a light waved out from their hands, turning into a barrier blocking their bodies.
That strong aura caused Chen Ping to instantly feel a hint of familiarity, and his mind was actually in a trance for a moment.
It was only a matter of a split second, and immediately afterwards the invincible sword mane had already arrived in front of several people of Xu Song.
Piercing …………
The sword mane easily cut through the barrier in front of the three, just like cutting through a scrap of paper!
The sword mane sliced through the three men instantly and ended up forming a deep gully behind them!
All the defences on the three men were broken, and the sword mane left deep sword marks on the three men’s bodies as if they had been destroyed!
The three men’s eyes were filled with horror!
They all looked down at their own bodies, wondering if this sword would cut them off as well!
Xu Song saw that there was only blood coming out of his chest, and when he touched it with his hand, the wound was deep enough to reach the bone, but it had not cut his body in two!
Xu Song let out a long breath, it seemed that their defence had worked just now.