“Master, then why don’t you follow the Formation Demon and co-operate, perhaps if the two of you co-operate, you’ll be able to break through the Heaven and Earth Formation and return to the Heavenly Realm.”
White Chicory asked!
“Hmph, how could I possibly co-operate with that old piker, he’s not worthy ……”
The Divine Ripple Old Ancestor snorted coldly!
However, when he finished speaking, his eyes flashed with confusion and remorse!
If the two of them had worked together in the beginning, they might really have been able to break open the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation!
It was just that back then, neither one of them obeyed the other, and it was impossible for them to work together!
But after such a long time, their strength had declined severely, and even if they worked together, it would be impossible to break open the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation!
“Alright, stop talking, I’m going to rest, as long as that Formation Demon doesn’t appear, don’t call me!”
The Divine Ripple Ancestor finished speaking and his body instantly disappeared!
White Chicory, on the other hand, looked at the thatched cottage not far away with envy in his eyes.
This thing called talent, there was really no way to change it!
However, he was also content, from being a little white mouse, he had now become what he was now, and had become the envy of many demonic beasts!
“Senior brother, cheer up ……”
White Chicory said silently!
And at this time, in the thatched hut, Chen Ping was still diligently continuing to carve divine patterns!
He had completely disregarded those crimson eyes outside!
No matter how it was a demonic beast, or what demonic cultivator it was, with the protection of the formation and not being able to harm himself, Chen Ping would not care!
He didn’t know how long it would take, but when Chen Ping opened his eyes, he found that White Chicory had already arrived!
“Senior brother, you are really hardworking, this is what the master asked me to bring you ……”
Saying that, Bai Chicory took out some more Immortal Herbs and such and placed them on the table!
“Senior Brother Bai, let me ask you something.”Chen Ping said!
“Ask, is there something else you don’t understand about Divine Patterns?”
White Chicory asked!
“That’s not true, I’ve memorised and understood all of these divine patterns, I’m just about to condense my own divine pattern and become one with it.”
“I just want to ask Senior Brother, is Senior Master a person from the Heavenly Realm?”
Chen Ping wanted to know if the Divine Pattern Elder was a person of the Heavenly Realm or not!
White Chicory froze, then laughed, “Senior brother, you are really asking too much, there is a Heaven Realm Demon Soul living within your sea of consciousness, wouldn’t he tell you?”
“Regardless of whether or not the master is a person from the Heavenly Realm, you only need to remember that the master has no intention of harming you, you cultivate well.”
“When the time comes, don’t listen to other people’s flowery words and fail your Master’s expectations of you!”
“Don’t worry, Senior Brother Bai, I am a person who knows how to repay favours.”Chen Ping patted his chest and said!
“That’s good!”Bai Chicory nodded, then glanced at the yellow cloth and asked, “Since Senior Brother has memorised the Divine Patterns in his heart, then this piece of yellow cloth that inscribed the array patterns won’t be used, right?”
“Yes, Senior Brother Bai can take it away.”
Chen Ping nodded!
Bai Chicory nodded and waved his hand, while the yellow cloth directly flew up, only that the yellow cloth did not fall into Bai Chicory’s hands, but rather, like a cloak, it draped onto Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping was a little surprised as to why White Chicory did this when he suddenly felt an inexplicable power travelling through his body!
The divine patterns on the yellow cloth began to flicker with white light!
Chen Ping hurriedly closed his eyes as his entire body was wrapped in the divine pattern!
White Chicory glanced at it and slowly exited the room!
Just as he exited the room, a ray of light shot up into the sky, the dazzling light shot up into the clouds, and the aura in all directions gathered madly towards the thatched cottage!
A ray of divine light, like the rising sun, irradiated the surrounding sky!
This kind of vision could be clearly seen even thousands of miles apart!
“Talent, it really is talent ……”
White Chicory felt the wave of unusual heaven and earth fluctuations and kept chanting the word talent in his mouth!
Chen Ping had condensed his innate divine lines, and that too within a few short days!
Although in the last hand, it was White Chicory who had helped Chen Ping, but it was also Chen Ping himself who was gifted!
White Chicory had long since seen that Chen Ping had reached a critical moment, even if White Chicory did not help Chen Ping in the end, it would not take Chen Ping long and he would probably be able to condense the Intrinsic Divine Lines as well!