“Brother Chen, how come the air here is different, it feels very comfortable to breathe?”
After boarding the island, Zhao Barging asked Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but opened the pores on his body and felt the dense spiritual energy on Penglai Island.
To think that Penglai Island had such a dense spiritual qi, no other place would have it at all!
“It’s really strange, why is this island the only place that has such a dense spiritual qi, but not anywhere else? Moreover, this spiritual qi only seems to envelop Penglai Island, it doesn’t spread at all!”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
One should know that spiritual qi was just like air, it would drift away, but the spiritual qi was dense on Penglai Island, and as soon as it left the island, it immediately thinned out.
“Such a dense spiritual qi, what exactly is it coming from? Is there a relic under this Penglai Island as well?”
Chen Ping thought of the Locked Dragon Island and guessed if there could be relics under this Penglai Island as well!
“Brother Chen, this place is really like a paradise, I should have known to bring Xiao Ru and Sister Ling’er with me ……”
Zhao Barging had just arrived here, and he started thinking about Xiao Ru!
After all, young people, in the heat of love, it’s understandable.
“Let’s go around first, if it’s really quite good, it’s not too late to let them come over ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he took Zhao Barging and began to turn around Penglai Island.
Penglai Island wasn’t very big, with a population of only tens of thousands of people, but yet everyone cultivated immortality!
This surprised Chen Ping, to find so many immortal cultivators was simply not easy!
According to Ge Fuhai, most of the immortal cultivation clans had retired, yet there were still so many immortal cultivators active on this Penglai Island.
And it didn’t seem like this place was particularly well attended either!
By all rights, the spiritual energy here is so dense that it should be a dream place for many people, and many clans and families would surely compete for it!
But right now, looking at the calm Penglai Island, it didn’t look like it was war-torn.
After going around, Chen Ping and Zhao Beng rented a compound to live in, so that they could practise without being disturbed!
Such a dense spiritual energy was the perfect place for cultivation, Chen Ping didn’t care why first, he had to get his strength up as soon as possible!
“Zhao Barging, I brought you out so that you can cultivate properly and improve your strength, you can’t be lazy, the environment here is most suitable for cultivation ……”
Chen Ping admonished Zhao Barging.
“Brother Chen, don’t worry, for Xiao Ru’s sake, I will also cultivate hard, I believe I will soon reach Martial Marquis.”
Zhao Barging had a confident face!
Looking at Zhao Barging’s confident look, Chen Ping nodded his head in satisfaction.
Chen Ping began to set up a spirit gathering formation at the place they had rented. With such a dense spirit energy, and with the addition of the spirit gathering formation, the degree of spiritual energy dense here could be imagined.
It took a full day for Chen Ping to set up the Spirit Gathering Formation, and then he pa*sed on a set of heart techniques to Zhao Beng, and the two of them began to cultivate!
Rolling spiritual qi coalesced like a thick fog towards the courtyard Chen Ping had rented!
Soon, the whole compound was enveloped in spiritual fog, and the small compound was like a dangerous place.
The pores of Chen Ping’s whole body opened up and greedily absorbed the dense spiritual energy.
Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique was different from other immortal cultivation techniques and required a huge amount of spiritual energy.
The dense spiritual qi on Penglai Island at the moment made up for it!
After only ten days of seclusion, Chen Ping had already touched the ceiling of the fourth realm of YuanYing, and with a few more days of cultivation, he would definitely break through!
This perverse cultivation speed made even Chen Ping feel staggered!
He had to know that when he was in Extreme Bliss City, with tens of thousands of beast pills and that shark pearl, Chen Ping had only been able to ascend to the Third Realm of the First Infant!