“That Zhu Zhishan has set up a formation in the martial arts arena, obviously to deal with you, it looks like the Martial Alliance has to kill you, even in front of so many people, they will do it to you.”
Ge Fuhai said.
Hearing Ge Fuhai say so, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed.
“Mr. Chen, you’d better not go, as long as we bring Long Jingguo, even if you don’t show up, that Long Xiao will not be able to not exchange, we will definitely bring Miss Xiao Ru back safely ……”
Ding Dada advised to Chen Ping.
Now that he knew that the Martial Dao Alliance had laid a formation in the martial arts arena, he couldn’t be letting Chen Ping show his face!
“I still want to go!” Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, “If we really have to do it later, you guys take Xiao Ru and quickly withdraw back to Pill God Valley, never mind me, even if I can’t fight, I’m still free to escape ……”
Ding didn’t want to say anything else, but he was stopped by Chen Ping with a stretch of his hand!
There was no choice, the crowd went along with Chen Ping towards the martial arts arena!
And in the martial arts arena, Long Xiao saw that Chen Ping was still not coming, so he got a little anxious!
“This Chen Ping, he’s not afraid, is he? Or found out that we’re going to deal with him and doesn’t dare to come?”
Long Xiao said with a frown.
“Impossible, with that Chen Ping’s nature, even if he knows there is an ambush, he will still come, we are waiting ……”
Zhu Zhishan was in no hurry and said indifferently.
After waiting for another ten minutes, the crowd saw that Chen Ping had indeed come!
“Look, Chen Ping ……”
Immediately after Chen Ping appeared, someone . shouted out loud.
Many people looked towards Chen Ping, and behind Chen Ping was Long Jingguo, who was being escorted by the Four Villains!
At this moment, Long Jingguo’s face was in a mess, he had obviously been beaten up, where was the slightest hint of the Long Family’s family head’s demeanour!
The moment Long Xiao saw Chen Ping appear, killing intent instantly erupted in his eyes!
Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, had his eyes glued shut, “You’ve finally come ……”
Chen Ping led Long Jingguo onto the martial field before his eyes looked coldly at Long Xiao: “Long Xiao, I have brought your father here, now release Xiao Ru and I will also release your father to go home ……”
“Chen Ping, you villain, you even made a move against my father, remember this, our Long family will never spare you ……”
With Long Jingguo being beaten up like this, of course Long Xiao had to put out harsh words to give the Long Family some face back!
After saying that, Long Xiao waved his hand and told someone to release Xiao Ru.
Xiao Ru flew to Chen Ping’s side, her eyes full of excitement, “Big brother Chen, I didn’t expect you to be alive, it’s wonderful ……”
The tears in Xiao Ru’s eyes kept falling low, she was too happy to see Chen Ping still alive.
“Xiao Ru, now is not the time to say goodbye, you should follow the Four Evil Men and leave immediately ……”
Chen Ping whispered to Xiao Ru.
Although Xiao Ru did not know what was happening, she obediently went to the Four Villains’ side, and amidst Chen Ping’s stern eyes, the Four Villains could only take Xiao Ru and leave!
“Chen Ping, I let your people go, why don’t you let my father go?”
Long Xiao shouted coldly at Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, I will definitely release your father, but not now, your Dragon Family and the Martial Alliance are despicable and shameless, setting up a formation in this martial arts arena to try to capture me, I won’t give you the chance.”
“First, let your father escort me out of Kyoto, and I will naturally release him ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly and said as he carried Long Jingguo in one hand.
“Chen Ping, you are too despicable, you shameless villain ……”
Long Xiao was furious and broke into an instant curse!
“Yes, I am a villain, if anyone messes with me, I will kill his whole family ……”
Chen Ping didn’t care about Long Xiao’s insults and carried Long Jingguo and prepared to leave!
Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan hurriedly turned to the four black bronze robes and said, “Do it ……”
In an instant, the four black bronze robes leapt up and instantly surrounded Chen Ping in the middle!