It is that Mu Naiyi heard out, the corner of the mouth, eyes disdainful said “boy, you are sure, it will be my death?”
It turns out that Chen Ping’s words were not wrong, but he was certain that Mu Naiyi would die today!
“I am not only sure that you will die, but also die a miserable death.”
Chen Ping said with a face full of confidence!
“Arrogant ……” Mu Naiyi finished, the body immediately erupted into a mass of white mist!
The surrounding air instantly dropped to the freezing point, the surrounding space seems to freeze, there is no way to breathe!
Seeing this, the crowd hurriedly stepped back once again one after another, making a large enough distance!
After all, this was a duel at the peak of the Transition Realm, and one who was not able to get caught in the ripple effect would also be fatal.
Mu Yao, on the other hand, led the Mu family and pressed Bing Lu and the others to retreat backwards as well!
“Come on ……”
Chen Ping hooked his hand towards Mu Naiyi!
Mu Naiyi was already pissed off enough at this moment!
In front of so many people, she, a peak Transition Realm cultivator, was so provoked by a Transition Realm 4th rank cultivator!
“Kid, you’re really looking for death!”
“I’ll let you know that in front of absolute strength, all your tricks are useless.”
Mu Naiyi said as her entire body’s aura continued to rise!
Bing Lu and the others watched nervously, they were afraid that Chen Ping was no match for this Mu Nai Yi!
Even Mu Yao was inwardly anxious at this moment, he didn’t know why, but he was always worried in his heart!
According to Mu Naiyi’s strength at the peak of the Transition Realm, it was impossible to lose to Chen Ping in any way!
But he was just worried!
Whoosh!
Suddenly, Mu Naiyi moved, she who had already settled down, immediately exploded an aura, and then leapt, waving her hand was a cold tide surging!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body was surrounded by flames that burned, and a to fire blaze swept continuously!
Chen Ping did not use the Extreme Cold Ice Flame because it was his killer weapon that he wanted to use at the end when he was surprised!
Chen Ping used flames against Mu Nai Yi’s cold aura!
However, in an instant, the two of them had actually exchanged blows more than ten times!
If this was in the Guanghan Palace, that Mu Naiyi was able to freeze Chen Ping with a single palm, and now that they had exchanged hands more than ten times, Chen Ping was not affected by the Cold Tide!
“Everything is frozen ……”
Mu Naiyi was a little anxious at the moment, as a peak Transition Realm cultivator herself, she had exchanged blows more than ten times and had not gained an advantage, this was unacceptable to her!
A cold mist condensed into a large white bear, which spat out cold mist, freezing everything around it.
“Running Thunder Palm ……”
Chen Ping slapped his palm out, and lightning thundered instantly in the sky, and a thunderbolt struck down, comparable to a thunderbolt!
And this lightning was actually mixed with flames!
This palm slapped on that white bear’s body, instantly causing that white bear to disappear!
Mu Naiyi clenched his teeth and ten thousand feet of white aura suddenly surged behind him!
Accompanied by Mu Naiyi’s loud shout, the white cold mist, spreading out into a sea of mist, instantly drowned Chen Ping in it!
This wave of coldness spread out in all directions, causing all the surrounding people to feel the icy coldness, and they had no choice but to all explode their spiritual power to block it!
“What a terrifying power, it seems that this Mu Family is really powerful.”
“The Mu Family’s flames for the men, and the frost for the women, both seem to be of extraordinary strength.”
“No wonder the Mu Family is growing so fast in this area!”
Ouyang Zhenhua felt the power of Mu Naiyi’s cold tide and could not help but sigh with emotion!
Like the Mu Family, there really weren’t many dual-cultivation families, and many families only cultivated one type of technique!
Ouyang Zhenhua knew that under this cold wave, he could not resist it at all, he just did not know if Chen Ping could resist it!
After all, Chen Ping had only just been promoted to the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, could he really resist a terrifying attack from the peak of the Transition Realm?
At this moment, Mu Naiyi, expressionless, hovered above that large area of cold tide, looking coldly at his feet!