Hu Ma Zi followed Fan Jiang and waited outside.
But after waiting for a long time, no one saw Chen Ping come out!
“Master Hu, is Mr. Chen going to be alright? Why hasn’t he come out for so long?”
Fan Jiang asked.
“It should be fine, let’s wait ……”
Pocky Hu said.
The two continued to wait until the Blood Devil’s flesh body fell to the ground with a pang, and only then did the two realize that they had been waiting here for days.
This time, Hu Pazzi was also a little anxious.
“This guy, the time for the Blood Demon’s flesh body to be controlled has come and gone, why is there still no sign of it? It’s such a waste ……”
Looking at the fallen Blood Demon, Hu Pazzi let out a sigh!
“Why don’t we go in and look for it?”
Fan Jiang said.
“Who knows if there are any mechanisms or hidden weapons inside, with the two of us, we will definitely die after going in ……”
Hu Ma Zi knew that the organs and concealed weapons inside the Heavenly Talisman Sect would be even more powerful and the two of them wouldn’t be able to resist!
Just like that, the two waited for another day, when suddenly a golden light exploded inside the dark clan gate, illuminating the entire ruins!
Only then could they see that Chen Ping was sitting on his knees only a dozen metres away from them!
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body kept flashing like the sun, illuminating the entire ruins!
Chen Ping’s eyes snapped open and a golden light shot out from his eyes as well!
The aura of his body followed and exploded!
Chen Ping clenched his fist and felt a great relief throughout his body.
“Is this …… me breaking through to a fifth grade Grand Martial Marquis?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with surprise, he didn’t expect that digesting the Runic Spell Technique would allow his strength to directly cross over from a third grade Grand Martial Marquis to a fifth grade!
One had to know that such a large realm crossing required too many resources and energy.
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body slowly disappeared, and the entire remains of the Heavenly Rune Sect returned to dimness!
And at that moment, Chen Ping mouthed the words and drew them in the air with his hand!
A flame blazed up in mid-air, and the flame burned brightly, illuminating the relics of the Heavenly Talisman Sect again!
Chen Ping looked around and saw that there was rubble everywhere, and among the rubble, there were many white bones scattered about!
These white bones should all be the disciples of the Heavenly Rune Sect!
Looking at the tragic situation in front of him, Chen Ping recalled the peaceful scene he had just seen, which was like the difference between heaven and earth!
It seems that the battle between the gods and demons thousands of years ago was really tragic ……
“Chen Ping, the Heavenly Rune Sect’s Runic Art, it was pa*sed on to you?”
Hu Ma Zi hurriedly stepped forward and asked Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Hu Pocky was overjoyed at this, “Remember, pa*s it on to me sometime ……”
“Mr. Chen, since you have obtained the inheritance, let’s go ……”
Fan Jiang said.
“Good!” Chen Ping finished speaking, but found that the Blood Demon was nowhere to be seen, so he was surprised and said, “Where is the Blood Demon?”
Chen Ping let out his divine sense and found that his divine sense following the Blood Demon could not be connected.
“The puppet corpse control time is up ……”
Fan Jiang said as he pointed to the Blood Demon’s corpse lying on the ground.
When Chen Ping saw this, a wave of chagrin washed over his face, he didn’t think he would stay for days.
Although his strength had increased quite a bit, he was completely unable to manipulate the Blood Demon!
Chen Ping had no choice but to put the Blood Demon’s corpse into his storage ring, before glancing at the remains of the Heavenly Talisman Sect and a pale blue flame emerged from his palm!
With a wave of his palm, flames rained down on the ground, and the scattered white bones all burst into flames in the fire!
Looking at the ruins of the Heavenly Rune Sect, which had turned into ashes, Chen Ping led Hu Ma Zi and the others out!
The first thing Chen Ping did was to go to the dungeon to find a way to save Su Yuqi.
He had to verify whether what that Zhou Jie had said was true or not.
This time, Pocky Hu did not choose to stay in White Sea City, after all, there was no reason for Pocky Hu to stay when the Heavenly Rune Sect relics were gone.
Another thing was that Hu Pazzi was going to follow Chen Ping and let Chen Ping teach him the Rune Art.
The three of them went back to Kyoto together ……