“What are those guys?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion!
“It’s a gang of devil cultivators, these guys have been in this Chilian Mountain Range for many years, but have never made a move against us, so I just ignored them.”
“After all, this Chilian Mountain Range is vast and sprawling, it wouldn’t hurt to have more of those devil cultivators of theirs, but I didn’t want these guys to refine poisonous tents to confuse our minds.”
The Tiger King said angrily!
“There are even devil cultivators in this mountain range, it seems that these devil cultivators are really pervasive.” Chen Ping was a little emotional, as long as a place was slightly more remote, there would be demonic cultivators!
“Little brother, thank you for helping us, otherwise we would have followed the human cultivators and formed a deep hatred, I’m going to go and settle the score with those guys.”
After the Tiger King finished speaking, he wanted to leave with his tiger group!
“Wait!” Chen Ping called out to the Tiger King and then said, “You have lived in the Chilian Mountain Range for a long time, I don’t know if you have ever seen any spirit stones or immortal grasses or trees that possess immortal qi.”
Hearing Chen Ping mention Immortal Qi, the Tiger King was obviously cautious, then shook his head and said “I have not seen it, I also advise you not to listen to the rumours, there is no Immortal Qi in this Chilian Mountain Range.”
After the Tiger King finished speaking, he directly left with his men!
Watching the Tiger King leave, Chen Ping always felt that this Tiger King should be deliberately hiding from himself, it definitely knew the existence of Immortal Qi, it just didn’t want to tell itself!
After the Silver Red Tiger left, Chen Ping felt like chasing towards the direction that Elder Miao and the others had fled!
If there were demonic cultivators in this mountain range, it would be dangerous, after all, demonic beasts were easy to deal with, but those demonic cultivators were not easy to deal with!
When Chen Ping caught up with Elder Miao and the others, the crowd looked very surprised!
“Little brother, are you alright?”
Elder Miao saw Chen Ping and asked with concern!
“It’s fine.” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“Where are those Silver Red Tigers?” Apothecary Chen came over and glanced back worriedly, realising that there were no Silver Red Tigers following behind Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry everyone, that Silver Red Tiger has already left, they were also affected by the Poison Tent before they attacked us, it’s fine now.”
Chen Ping said!
When the crowd heard this, they were relieved to go, this if the Silver Red Tigers were chasing after them, they were afraid that they wouldn’t be able to escape from this Chilian Mountain Range!
“It’s really thanks to little brother today, otherwise all of us would have to be accounted for here.”
Elder Miao said gratefully!
The other cultivators also came forward, grateful to Chen Ping, at this moment no one was daring to underestimate Chen Ping!
“Elder Miao, since we are grouped together, we should help each other.” Chen Ping smiled faintly, then looked around and found that there was no Cai Hongwei father and daughter, so he asked “Elder Miao, where is Boss Cai’s father and daughter?”
“I don’t know, they left first, we didn’t catch up behind them, maybe they fled in different directions.”
Old Miao said!
When Chen Ping heard this, his eyebrows couldn’t help but frown, associating the existence of demonic cultivators in this mountain range, and then thinking that that Sikong Zhen didn’t eat his own pills, yet he wasn’t affected by the poisonous tent, Chen Ping’s heart had a bad premonition now!
“It’s bad ……,” Chen Ping said with a frown!
“What’s wrong?” Elder Miao asked in disbelief!
“There are demonic cultivators within this Chilian Mountain Range, that poisonous tent just now was not naturally formed, but was refined by someone, and those people also know our location, which is why the poisonous tent diffused over silently.”
Chen Ping said!
“What? Those poisonous tents were deliberately refined by someone? The path we took was chosen by Boss Cai for so many years, it is not only hidden but also safe, how could it suddenly be known?”
Elder Miao was a bit incredulous, the reason why they followed Cai Hongwei to the Southern Region was because Cai Hongwei was incredibly familiar with this road, and it had always been safe and sound, so how could something suddenly go wrong all of a sudden?
“I don’t dare to jump to conclusions right now, I think there must be someone inside our team who secretly exposed our position, now you guys rest here, I will go and look for Boss Cai’s father and daughter.”
Chen Ping let Elder Miao lead the crowd to rest while he went to look for Cai Hongwei’s father and daughter!