Seeing this, Chen Ping grabbed the sword with his hand and the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared, followed by the lightning-like movement of his body.
All they could hear was a few screams, and the fleeing disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect had all died under Chen Ping’s sword!
When Chen Ping came back, blood was still dripping from the Dragon Cutting Sword!
The many martial artists looked at Chen Ping with awe in their eyes, not daring to take a breath in front of Chen Ping’s face!
Liu Rui frowned slightly, “Mr. Chen, you shouldn’t have been impulsive and killed all these people from the Heavenly Thunder Sect.”
“They deserve to die. If we don’t kill them, do they all deserve to die?”
Chen Ping said coldly.
Liu Rui did not speak anymore, but in the eyes of them, the Hidden Realm martial artists, those martial artists outside the realm were indeed like ants, worthless!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Cutting Sword and then continued to head towards the mountain, there was no one to stop them!
The reason why Chen Ping killed all these people was to prevent these people of the Tian Lei Sect from taking revenge on the many martial artists!
It was impossible for Chen Ping to take these martial artists with him all the time, nor could he take them all into the relics, which were very dangerous!
If the disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect were to swoop in while they were separated, the martial artists would be lambs to the slaughter.
Soon, Chen Ping found the sudden cave, which was so huge that they could not see anything inside.
But from inside the cave, a cold air kept coming out, accompanied by a lot of spiritual energy!
“Brother Ginger, you should not go down into the cave, there is no telling what is inside.
“If there really are relics, you can look around here and perhaps find other resources!”
Chen Ping said to Jiang Wei and the others.
After all, Ginger Wei and the others were so weak that if they really went down into the cave, they would probably be dropped to their death, and there was no telling how deep the cave was from above!
“Yes, Mr. Chen, you be careful too!”
Ginger Wei nodded, they knew themselves and knew that there was no way they could go down the cave with their strength!
Chen Ping took Liu Rui with him and jumped down without hesitation.
No matter how deep the cave was, it didn’t matter to Chen Ping and his team’s strength, they could already fly with their air, so it was impossible for them to fall to their deaths!
With the sound of the wind whistling in their ears, Chen Ping and Liu Rui were descending rapidly!
It was pitch black in front of them, and when they regained their sight, they found that they had reached an open space.
Chen Ping looked up and found that the entrance to the cave was nowhere to be seen, it was as if they had come to another world!
“Is this a secret place?”
Chen Ping was astonished, as many secret realms were created by tearing up space.
But this secret realm was in the mountain range, but Chen Ping did not dare to believe it, so he could only explore it slowly!
Chen Ping could only pick a direction at random and took Liu Rui with him as they slowly walked forward!
Soon a large forest appeared in front of the two of them, and the trees were so thick that they could not be seen at all!
“Mr. Chen, is this …… the interior of the Kunlun Mountains? Is there a world inside the Kunlun Mountains?”
Looking at the vast forest, Liu Rui asked in amazement.
“I’m not sure, but even if there is another world inside the mountain range, it’s not that unusual!”
Whatever happens now is not unusual for Chen Ping.
Chen Ping led Liu Rui into the forest, and soon Chen Ping’s brow furrowed.
And Liu Rui’s face began to turn red and her expression was not natural!
“There is a poisonous fog here, be careful ……”
Chen Ping took out an antidote pill from his body and told Liu Rui to take it!
Chen Ping himself is invulnerable to all kinds of poisons, so this poisonous fog has no effect on him at all!