Chen Ping went up to the island and looked excitedly at the green leaf chi!
Chen Ping walked over carefully, fearing that there might be some kind of hidden weapon or something.
As he got closer and closer to the green leaf ganoderma, the pure spiritual energy became more and more dense, and Chen Ping felt as if he was in a hot spring, not to mention how comfortable he was.
Just as Chen Ping reached out to pick the green leaf mushroom, he heard Hu Ma Zi yell, “Don’t move ……”
Chen Ping was stunned and looked at Hu Pazzi in confusion.
While Hu Ma Zi’s body leapt up, his toes stepped on the surface of the water one after another, and immediately after that, he also arrived on top of the island.
“You can’t move, this Green Leaf Chi will wither right away if it leaves the spiritual soil.”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping.
“What then?”
Chen Ping asked with a surprised look on his face.
If we couldn’t take it away, then what was the use?
“We can cultivate again and suck the aura of this Green Leaf Chi and Spiritual Soil until we have sucked it clean ……”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping.
“What? We are cultivating here on site?”
Chen Ping frowned.
“Yes, that’s the only way, this Green Leaf Chi can never leave here.”
Hu Ma Zi nodded.
“Then how long will it take?” Chen Ping frowned, he still had a lot of things left to deal with, if he stayed here for a long time to cultivate, what about Su Yuqi? What about his own mother?
“I don’t know either, but I see the size of this Green Leaf Chi, if we both cultivate at the same time, it will be a month soon, half a year slow, we will definitely be able to absorb the spirit energy cleanly.”
Hu Ma Zi said.
Chen Ping hesitated for a moment and finally nodded, “Alright, we’ll cultivate here!”
Chen Ping had originally come to the Red Lotus Palace to cultivate, but there was no way he could stay for too long.
He would stay for a month at most, and regardless of whether or not he could finish absorbing the spiritual energy within this Green Leaf Chi, he would have to leave.
Soon, Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu and sat down on his knees, turned far away from his gongfu and began to cultivate.
…………
Kyoto Martial Arts Union!
Zhu Zhishan was so angry at the moment that his nose was crooked.
He was already furious to the point where the news that Chen Ping was still alive had reached Kyoto.
All of a sudden, Zhu Zhishan had become the laughing stock of the martial arts world!
First it was Ning Hai who had falsely reported that he had killed Chen Ping, and now it was Zhu Zhi Shan!
And Zhu Zhishan was the alliance leader of the Martial Dao Alliance, but he had even done such a false report.
“Impossible, never, I killed that Chen Ping with my own hands, he’s dead, how can he still be alive ……”
Zhu Zhishan roared, slamming the table in anger.
“Alliance Master, right now on top of the Martial Dao Forum, it is indeed all rumoured that Chen Ping is not dead, and this news was also put out by someone from the Zhou Family in Southwest Wancheng.”
An elder said to Zhu Zhishan.
“Southwest Wancheng? Then what is Chen Ping doing there?”
Zhu Zhishan said with a slight frown.
The elder didn’t say anything, he just shook his head, how would he know what Chen Ping was doing where he went.
After a moment of contemplation, Zhu Zhishan waved his hand and said, “Immediately contact the people of the Zhou family in Wancheng, I want to ask them personally, is that Chen Ping a god, able to come back from the dead?”
The elder hastily contacted the Zhou family in Wancheng, and Zhu Zhishan personally spoke to Zhou Tianyin!
After receiving Zhou Tianyin’s confirmation, Zhu Zhishan had to admit that he had fallen into Chen Ping’s hands this time.
As the head of the Kyoto Martial Alliance, he had done such a thing that the entire martial arts world was now laughing at.
“Then how come Chen Ping is not dead? I had clearly killed him!”
Zhu Zhishan couldn’t understand for a moment, he had clearly killed Chen Ping, and Chen Ping’s entire chest had been punched straight through.
If he still didn’t die like that, unless that Chen Ping was not a human being, but a god ……