Chen Ping frowned, he knew that his sword aura had been transported to another dimension, not disappeared!
“Spatial slew ……”
Only one black copper robe shouted!
The four men then simultaneously grabbed towards the spatial magic weapon in mid-air.
The Spatial Phantasm seemed to be under some kind of gravitational force and spun violently, then reversed its direction!
Only to see the space fluctuate, and immediately after a distortion, Chen Ping found that the crowd, which was originally invisible, had returned.
While those people around them at this moment, they suddenly could not see Chen Ping and the few of them on the martial arts field.
It was as if the entire space had reversed direction!
Along with a shaking of the spatial artifact, a terrifying aura shot out from within that spatial artifact!
Brush brush brush …………
A sharp sword ray shot out from that spatial artifact, heading straight for Chen Ping.
“Holy sh*t ……”
Chen Ping’s face changed and he couldn’t help but burst out a foul mouth, hastily waving in front of his body to form a barrier, and the Incorruptible Golden Body was also brought into play to its extreme, emitting a brilliant golden light!
A sword aura that was all too familiar instantly arrived in front of Chen Ping.
These sword maces had all disappeared after Chen Ping had swung them out, but unexpectedly they had all returned and were coming towards him!
Clang clang clang …………
One by one, the sword mangles struck the barrier in front of Chen Ping, instantly smashing it and then striking Chen Ping’s body!
The terrifying might caused large scales on Chen Ping’s body to fall off and disappear, and his Unbreakable Golden Body was actually destroyed straight away.
And Chen Ping’s body also flew backwards, smashing directly into the ground!
Although he was not injured, Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body was broken, which caused Chen Ping to directly lose his advantage.
“This magic weapon is too terrifying ……”
Chen Ping looked at the magic weapon in mid-air and his face turned very ugly!
“Hahahaha, would it feel good to beat yourself with your own moves?”
One of the black copper robes laughed uncontrollably.
Chen Ping did not speak, his brow furrowed as he thought of a way to break it!
If this went on, the four men would not need to make a move, and he was afraid that he would die in his own hands.
And at this time, Dong Liqun outside became a little anxious because he suddenly couldn’t see Chen Ping’s situation.
“Dad, do you think Chen Ping will be alright?”
Ge Jiayi asked to Ge Fuhai.
Ge Fuhai’s face was also not looking too good at the moment, looking at the empty martial arts arena with a grave expression!
“I can’t say, this time it depends on Chen Ping’s fate, that spatial magic weapon of the other side is too strong ……”
Ge Fuhai said.
“Then find a way to save him, these guys from the Martial Alliance are no good ……”
Ge Jiayi listened and prayed to Ge Fuhai.
Ge Fuhai gave Ge Jiayi a fierce glare, “Have you forgotten what I told you, our Ge family will never be allowed to get involved in any fights and will never join any organization, just do your own thing ……”
Seeing that her father was angry, Ge Jiayi was too scared to speak again!
And at this time, Chen Ping, still cautiously looking at the four black bronze robes, he did not dare to make a move in easily, every time he made a move, the last one to be attacked was himself.
“What, you don’t dare to make a move? If you don’t dare to do it anymore, then we can do it ……”
Saying this, the four black bronze robes rushed towards Chen Ping together.
Seeing this, Chen Ping had no choice but to raise his sword, and with a fierce sword maneuver, he chopped at the four men!
But the four men didn’t seem to be really attacking Chen Ping, and dodged instantly after Chen Ping’s sword chopped out.
And above that spatial magic weapon, a light instantly engulfed Chen Ping’s terrifying sword maneuver!
“Spatial Slew ……”
The four then reprised their old technique, and with a spatial fluctuation, the terrifying sword mane went towards Chen Ping at once.
Chen Ping fought to block it, and the Unbreakable Golden Body on his body completely shattered and disappeared without a trace!
He himself was shaken to the point where his mouth and nose bled, and his face looked very ugly!