Snow-white shoulders, long, slender thighs, and eyes that were lustful!
Chen Ping froze, but he saw that Yumiko had already knelt down in front of him!
“Master, I will be the one to serve you to sleep at night ……”
Yumiko’s face was red, her eyes were hot as she looked at Chen Ping, and one hand kept touching Chen Ping!
And Yumiko’s breathing was hot and rapid, as if she had the feeling that she wanted to eat Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw this, he frowned slightly and lightly touched his finger to Yumiko’s brow, and a spiritual energy instantly entered Yumiko’s body!
Yumiko’s fiery eyes instantly disappeared, followed by some panic and shyness!
Chen Ping casually pulled over the sheet and wrapped it directly around Yumiko’s body!
At this moment, Yumiko, looking at herself, two lines of tears flowed out!
“Go and tell your father that since I promised to stay, I will completely rid the Watanabe family of the shrine, so that he doesn’t have to.
Having said that, Chen Ping slowly closed his eyes and began his cultivation!
The path of cultivation was incomparably long, and Chen Ping knew he could not stop because there were many people and many things waiting for him ……
Yumiko looked at Chen Ping’s uneventful appearance, and for a moment, she was actually a little lost in thought.
A fluttering in her heart!
Originally, when Watanabe Fumio asked Yumiko to come to accompany Chen Ping, Yumiko was reluctant, but for the sake of the family, for the sake of her parents, Yumiko could only take some medicine herself, and only then did she have the guts to come to Chen Ping’s room!
But she didn’t expect that Chen Ping would be so determined and not have a single stray thought about her!
Yumiko slowly got up and looked at Chen Ping with fascination, and only after ten minutes did Yumiko leave!
Only when he saw Yumiko leave did Chen Ping open his eyes and let out a heavy breath!
Chen Ping was a man too, how could he not react to such a beautiful woman in front of him!
However, Chen Ping knew that he could not cross that step, the current Su Yuqi was still suffering, he must not do anything wrong to Su Yuqi.
…………
The news of the murder of Watanabe Fumikishi and also Watanabe Kazuo soon spread across the island!
And Chishikawa, who was beside Kazuo Watanabe, had his head chopped off!
All the time, all kinds of speculation ensued!
Since there were no survivors, all the people could only guess who had done it.
Many guessed that it was Watanabe Fumio, but with Watanabe Fumio’s strength, it was impossible to kill Watanabe Kazuo, who was protected by Chishimagawa.
Others say it was an expert from Daxia who followed the Watanabe family and had a grudge against them, so he struck at the Watanabe family!
But why is it that Watanabe Fumio, as the head of the Watanabe family, is not involved at all?
That doesn’t make sense either ……
Plus, Watanabe Fumio deliberately had people create public opinion, so what exactly killed Watanabe Kazuo and killed Chishikawa became a mystery for a while!
But at this moment there was one person who sensed the smell of danger!
This man was Kawaguchi Kazuo, although Kawaguchi Kazuo had not seen with his own eyes, Chen Ping killed Chishima Chuan and those from the Watanabe family.
But he could conclude that those people were killed by Chen Ping, because there would not be another person who would do so!
And as for why Watanabe Fumio was okay, the only explanation was that Watanabe Fumio had followed Chen Ping and colluded with him!
That way, Chen Ping could take revenge, and that Watanabe Fumio could eradicate his dissenters and continue to be the head of the Watanabe family.
Both had something to gain, so it was only natural for them to collude together!
“Someone, prepare a car ……”
Thinking of this, Kawaguchi Kazuo shouted in a hurry.
And at that moment, inside Chizuru Shrine, four people dressed in traditional island costumes were sitting opposite each other!
One of them was an old man who kept his eyes slightly closed and did not speak.
And among the four there was a woman with a pretty face but with a slight chill in her eyes!
At the head of the table was a middle-aged man, the president of Chizuru Shrine, Koichi Ono.