Before the two men could react, they were instantly sent flying by the sword maneuver, while several disciples of the Heavenly Thunder and Flying Star Sects were pierced by the sword maneuver and were silenced instantly!
This time, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun’s faces were extremely pale, as several of them had attacked together, but not only had they failed to kill Chen Ping, they had even been killed by their opponent!
“I gave you a chance to live, but you didn’t cherish it, so you can’t blame me.
Chen Ping looked at them with a murderous aura!
At this moment, the corners of Leng Yun and Tong Youcai’s eyes kept twitching, they never thought that the result would be like this!
If they were allowed to leave now, they would definitely be unwilling to do so, as the Tong Ling Fruit was right in front of them, but if they did not leave, they would not be able to defeat Chen Ping.
For a while, Leng Yun and Tong Youcai were at a loss as to what to do!
“Hahahaha, the grandson of the Flying Star School and the grandson of the Heavenly Thunder School were scared by a kid from outside the realm, if word got out, they would be laughed at!”
Just when Leng Yun and Tong Youzao were at a loss for words, suddenly a loud laugh came from behind them!
The crowd hurriedly looked and found several people dressed in the same costume coming out, and they were all very powerful, at least at the rank of Third Grade Martial God!
“The Burning Heaven Sect?”
Leng Yun and Tong Youcai were both stunned when they saw who was coming!
Old Liu’s face changed and he hurriedly stepped forward and respectfully said to the old man in the lead, “Grand Protector ……”
When the Grand Protector saw Old Liu, he frowned slightly and looked a little surprised, “Old Liu, you’re not dead? You’re still here?”
Old Liu lowered his head and said with a nervous expression, “I am not good enough, I was captured alive ……”
At this time, Old Liu did not dare to say that he had surrendered to Chen Ping and survived to come here!
Although he had eaten Chen Ping’s poison pills, but now in this situation, he did not dare to speak to Chen Ping!
“Rubbish thing, get out the back ……”
The Great Protector glared at Old Liu, then looked at Leng Yun and Tong Youcai with a smile on his face and said, “Two gentlemen, how are you?”
The first thing you need to do is to get to know each other.
Leng Yun and Tong Youcai looked very ugly and did not say a word.
Finally, it was Leng Yun who said, “Hasn’t your Burning Heaven Sect disappeared for many years? Why did you suddenly appear here?”
“Disappeared?” The Great Protector smiled, “Our Burning Heaven Sect has never disappeared, it has always been here in the Kunlun Mountains.”
“You came here for the remains of the Water Fairy Palace?”
Tong Youcai asked at this point.
“Nonsense, if not for the relics, why would I come here?”
“But I can work with the two of you to kill this kid, and then we can share the fruit of the spirit with the three of us!”
The Great Protector offered to work with Leng Yun and Tong Youcai!
After all, the Burning Heaven Sect was an evil sect, and if Leng Yun and Tong Youcai joined forces with Chen Ping, the Grand Protector knew they would be in danger.
So he decided to take advantage of the conflict between Leng Yun and Chen Ping to make the first move and join forces with Leng Yun and the others!
After all, they were not allowed to work with evil cultivators!
“Leng Yun, Tong Youcai, as members of the Hidden Realm Clan, you are not allowed to cooperate with the evil cultivators, otherwise you will be attacked by all the clans.”
Seeing this, Liu Rui hurriedly spoke to Leng Yun and Tong Youcai!
If they really joined forces, then she and Chen Ping would be in danger!
“Hahahaha, you little girl from the Pure Yang Clan should stop shouting, there are already clans in the Hidden Realm that have been cooperating with us now.”
“The Pill Refining Clan has been cooperating with us, a large portion of the resources that your Pure Yang Clan sends out have come into our hands.”
The Grand Protector laughed loudly and said.