Only to see Chen Ping’s palm gently pressing, a gaping hole opened up and a huge suction force wanted to suck Chen Ping in!
However, Chen Ping resisted, not allowing himself to be sucked in!
Chen Ping’s palm flickered with light, and then that light spread towards the surroundings through the eyes of the formation!
It only took the blink of an eye for the entire formation to be detected in its entirety, and the golden light flashed more than once!
That gap slowly disappeared, and then the formation, like a large piece of glass, directly shattered and disappeared!
This time, those few injured Heavenly Underworld Gang members were even more shocked, it was obvious that this formation only needed to find where the eye of the formation was located to pass through, it did not need to destroy the formation!
However, Chen Ping had actually broken the formation directly, and when the formation was broken, the magnificent and incomparable hall that had just been there had disappeared without a trace at this moment!
A few of the injured Heavenly Underworld Gang members looked around and realised that they were at the top of a mountain, surrounded by mist, and even the shadow of that grand hall had disappeared!
Just as the few people were confused, Chen Ping walked towards the few people!
“How many of you are from the Heavenly Underworld Gang?”
Chen Ping asked!
One of the Heavenly Underworld Gang members nodded, then asked somewhat timidly “Fellow Daoist, we are from the Heavenly Underworld Gang, I wonder what kind of people you are?”
Chen Ping did not answer, but continued to ask “Where are the rest of your Heavenly Underworld Gang? Where is your gang leader?”
Chen Ping did not know what the gap that had just created a huge suction force was doing, he was afraid that he was in danger of being sucked in, so he resisted and destroyed the entire formation!
Now that the formation was destroyed, the gap had disappeared, even the great hall had disappeared, but Chen Ping did not see Qi Peijia and the others, this made him very strange, so he asked!
“I don’t know, just now they were in that formation and were attracted away by the gap that suddenly appeared.”
“If you had come a step earlier, perhaps if you hadn’t destroyed this formation and entered the gap that appeared, you would have been able to see them!”
The member of the Heavenly Underworld Gang said as he shook his head!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was a little chagrined, it seemed that the formation just now was just the beginning, there would definitely be another formation behind it, only that the formation was not in a spatial dimension!
The person who was able to design such a chain of formations and dimensions was definitely an Immortal right!
“Fellow Daoist, I wonder who you are?”
The Heavenly Underworld Gang member asked Chen Ping tentatively!
If Chen Ping was an enemy, they were all heavily injured at the moment, and it would be certain death!
“I am the one who killed you all ……”
Chen Ping suddenly grinned!
Chen Ping’s smile was very terrifying, and all those members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang were all startled!
“Fellow Daoist, what grievances do we of the Heavenly Underworld Gang have with you that you want to kill us?”
The Heavenly Underworld Gang members were terrified!
“You guys have no enmity with me, but I have an enmity with that Qi Peijia, and you guys are now following that Qi Peijia together, so you guys are my enemies as well ……”
Chen Ping explained with a cold smile!
When the several members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang heard this, they were all dumbfounded, but before they could defend themselves, Chen Ping suddenly waved his hand, and with a flash of light, the several severely injured members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang were all killed!
After killing these several members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang, Chen Ping began to study how to enter the next spatial formation!
At this moment, Qi Peijia and the others, after being sucked in, immediately arrived at another space, only to see that they were on top of a vast grassland.
The surrounding area was flat and endless, while in the distance, dust was flying and the earth was trembling, as if there were a thousand armies!
“Gang master, what …… is that?”
Zou Qi looked at the dust stirred up in the distance and said with some trembling!
Qi Peijia was also frowning tightly, staring at the distance with a deadly stare!
Soon, a head of demonic beasts came from all directions, there were hundreds of them, and these demonic beasts were huge, each of them bared their teeth and were extremely manic!