“Hmph, the Demon Sealing Alliance beheads us demonic cultivators in the open, but behind our backs, they’ve talked about co-operation many times.”
“The Feng Family in the Central Region is a vassal family of the Demon Sealing Alliance, and has long been negotiating with us about executing you.”
“I didn’t expect that you kid hid your identity and hid in the Purple Flame Sect, and if I ran into you today, then it’s our Ghost Face Sect’s good fortune.”
Elder Tu snorted coldly, clearly not caring about Chen Ping’s deliberate provocation!
When Chen Ping heard Elder Tu say this, he could not help but frown slightly!
He didn’t expect that this Demon Sealing Alliance would start following the devil cultivators to start talking in order to execute themselves!
One must know that the previous Demon Sealing Alliance was arrogant and domineering, and would destroy any demonic cultivator who didn’t listen, forcing the demonic cultivator to give in!
And now, surprisingly, he began to follow the demonic cultivator to negotiate!
“With this amount of skill, you can’t kill me at all ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
“Is that so?”After Elder Tu finished speaking, his entire body instantly leapt up, and the heavens and earth instantly became dark!
Immediately after that, countless black aura chains, with flames burning on them, surged towards Chen Ping!
These aura chains, like tentacles, seemed to possess life!
It was but a split second before it reached above Chen Ping’s head!
The aura chains that covered the sky and sky, sealed all of Chen Ping’s escape paths.Locked up!
Even from miles away!
Because Elder Tu could see that each of Chen Ping’s spatial jumps was only a few miles away, so this time he had covered all the miles in a radius, so Chen Ping could not escape at all!
The speed of this Aura Chain was extremely fast, and it also covered the sky, not giving Chen Ping any time to react!
Seeing Chen Ping’s inescapable appearance, the corner of Elder Tu’s mouth lifted up!
In his opinion, Chen Ping was bound to die!
How to say that he is also a Mahayana realm expert, still can not deal with a small cultivator of the fourth grade of the Ferrying realm, that will not be laughed at!
Chen Ping looked at those aura chains without a trace of panic in his expression.
Countless aura chains, burning with supreme fire came towards Chen Ping, but just as they reached Chen Ping’s eyes, they only saw Chen Ping’s body slightly tremble!
A white light visible to the naked eye flickered out, and immediately after that, those aura chains suddenly stood still, and even the Supreme Fire on them stopped pulsing!
It was as if the entire space and time had stood still.
“What?You actually know how to stand still in time, could it be that you have comprehended the Time Origin?”
Elder Tu was shocked!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled coldly as his body instantly disappeared before appearing several miles away!
Chen Ping had comprehended the Origin of Time, but he was not able to make the entirety of time stand still right now!
What he used just now was only the Extreme Cold Ice Flame!
That aura chain and the Supreme Fire were all just frozen, it looked like time and space had just stood still!
This would make that Elder Tu doubtful and not dare to act in a rash manner!
To be able to make time stand still, that was the means of an Immortal, it was not something that they, the Celestial Realm cultivators, could perform!
Now Chen Ping had actually cast it!
Just as Elder Tu was a little stunned, the man who had originally followed Chen Ping in the battle suddenly shouted, “Elder Tu, this isn’t some kind of time standing still, but rather, the aura chains have been frozen.”
A sentence that reminded that Elder Tu, and sure enough, he felt a strong chill from above that aura chain!
“This kid, still trying to bluff me ……”
Elder Tu’s eyes narrowed as killing intent erupted from his body!
One could only see that Elder Tu’s eyes unexpectedly turned into an ethereal black colour, while black flames filled the air around him, and within these black flames, several figures slowly appeared!
“Hmph, no matter how fast you are, can you still be faster than a Demonic Soul?”
Elder Tu let out a cold snort!
It was important to know that Demon Souls would not be constrained by the Laws and could be very fast, after all, they didn’t have a physical body, they were just spirit bodies!