Seeing Chen Ping raise his palm, that Yan House subordinate was terrified, after all, he had just witnessed Chen Ping, a Mahayana Realm Second Grade, directly decapitate the peak of Mahayana Realm Ninth Grade and Qiu Wanha, that Mahayana Realm Eighth Grade!
“I said, I said ……”
“It was General Yan who sent me, asking me to look at the movements of the Xing and Qiu Mansions and then go back to report.”
That Yan Mansion subordinate hurriedly said!
“Then what is Yan Shuangying trying to do? Is it trying to snipe and fish? Let me follow Qiu Wanha and fight to the death while he sits back and enjoys the spoils?”
Ding Daorong asked.
“General Xing, then I don’t know, I’m just an underling, just following orders, it’s impossible for General Yan to tell me what he’s up to.”
That Yan Mansion subordinate hurriedly explained!
Seeing this, Chen Ping waved his hand and said, “You go back, tell that General Yan truthfully what you have seen, if he is also interested in the Immortal Spirit Stone vein, he can come over to grab it!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, Xing Daorong released that Yan House subordinate back!
Right now, Xing Daorong had completely obeyed Chen Ping’s arrangements!
At the same time in the Ten Temples!
The Lord of the Ten Temples was frowning, worrying about resources, along with the cultivators within the Ten Temples becoming stronger and stronger, the amount of resources that needed to be consumed was also massive!
Relying solely on the resources that the Demon Sealing Alliance had raided in the Celestial Realm, it was no longer able to support the consumption of the entire Ten Temples!
This was also the reason why the Ten Temples Lord had asked Luo Ta to follow Beast City to do business.
In order to ascend to Immortality, one had to have enough resources to do so, and without them, everything was all for naught!
“Hall Master, Hall Master, it’s bad, Provider Luo’s Life Soul Lamp went out ……”
At this moment, a member of the Ten Temples ran over in a hurry!
“What?”The Lord of the Ten Temples froze, then quickly ran out!
When he arrived in the Ten Temples’ secret room, he found that Na Luo Ta’s Life Soul Lamp had indeed gone out!
There were hundreds of lamps burning here, all of which were the Fate Soul Lamps of the members of the Ten Temples, and even the Ten Temples Lord’s own Fate Soul Lamp was here!
As long as someone fell, the Life Soul Lamps here would go out!
If one’s physical body was destroyed and still retained a remnant soul, the brightness of the Fate Soul Lamp would fade, but as long as one remodelled their physical body, they could still recover!
“What the hell is going on here? How did Luo Ta die?”
The Tenth Hall Master questioned, filled with incredulity!
“Hall Master, that Luo Ta has been following Beast City’s dealings for many years, and nothing like this has ever happened, so how did he suddenly die?”
“Moreover, I heard that Luo Ta say that Beast City’s overall strength wasn’t very strong, and it was estimated that no one was his opponent, but now this situation, it’s really bizarre.”
That member of the Ten Temples whispered!
“Very bizarre indeed.”The Ten Halls Lord nodded, “Don’t mention this matter to anyone else beforehand, I’ll go find Old Man Qian to find out what’s going on!”
After the Ten Halls Lord finished speaking, he left the secret room and then walked towards the back of the Ten Halls’ great hall!
Passing through the great hall, behind it was a mountain forest, and amidst the birds and flowers, there were a few thatched cottages!
This thatched cottage was simply out of place compared to the majestic and incomparable hall in front of it!
In front of the thatched hut sits a person, that is an old man sitting on an old rattan chair, full of silver hair combed meticulously, root bright as silver silk, in the daylight flooded with cold luster.
His face was thin, and the wrinkles carved out by the years were like the winding lines on an ancient map, hiding endless stories.
His eyes were deep-set, but they were like a deep pool, deep and quiet, and the occasional flash of his gaze was as sharp as an eagle’s, which seemed to be able to see through all appearances.
Dressed in a long shirt washed somewhat white but neat, the corners of the shirt gently swinging with the breeze, waist casually tied a dark cloth belt, on which hangs a warm and ancient jade pendant, along with his movements, vaguely clear and crisp impact sound.
He was holding a bamboo folding fan, the fan surface was painted with ink landscapes, the brush strokes were simple but far-reaching, occasionally gently waving it, bringing out the slightest breeze, adding a bit more mysterious temperament.
The main thing is that in front of this old man, a table prepared with rattan, placed a bamboo tube, bamboo tube below a few already rusty copper coins arranged in the form of seven star formation!