“Compare just compare, who is afraid of who ah ……” Ji Meiyan said with glaring eyes!
“All give me shut up, quarrel inside the old master’s room, do you guys not want to live?”
“Whoever dares to say one more word, immediately give me to be shut to the ancestral land, face the wall to go ……”
Ji Lian Jun coldly shouted, instantly scaring anyone who dared not make a sound anymore!
Even that Ji Lianying could only look unconvinced, but also did not dare to speak in, after all, Ji Lian Jun was now the head of the family, he also had to listen!
Seeing that Ji Lianjun had taken control of the situation, Chen Ping went up to check on the condition of the old master of the Ji family!
After a careful diagnosis, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed!
“Mr Chen, how is it?” Ji Yun asked in a low voice!
Chen Ping did not speak, but instead looked at Ji Lianjun and said “Ji family head, in recent times, who is treating the old master?”
“The three of them ……” Ji Lianjun pointed to the three pharmacists and then asked “What? Is there a problem?”
“Is the medicine given to the old master still there? I’ll take a look ……”
Chen Ping said!
Jilian Jun nodded, then from his position at the head of the bed, he took out a porcelain bottle, which contained the medicine that the old master took every day!
Chen Ping took the porcelain bottle over, then opened it and sniffed it!
Seeing this, the three pharmacists obviously had a somewhat unnatural expression, and also secretly looked towards Ji Lianying!
After smelling it, Chen Ping seemed to understand something in his heart, and then a spiritual force was struck into the body of the old master of the Ji family, followed by using his finger as a needle, pointing a few times on the old master of the Ji family’s body!
After doing all of this, Chen Ping slowly got up and said “Ji family master, your family’s old master does have a persistent disease, but it is not enough to be fatal so quickly, the reason why he has become so weak is entirely due to the fact that someone has drugged him.”
“I have now temporarily sealed his lifeline, so he will be fine for the next few days, I will write a prescription, you guys just grab the medicine according to the prescription.”
“What? Someone drugged him?” Ji Lian Jun was shocked, then asked “What kind of person gave the medicine?”
Chen Ping held up the porcelain vase in his hand “The medicine that the old master takes every day contains the Frost Honey Flower, although this flower is also an immortal medicine, it cannot be taken for a long period of time, if it is taken for a long period of time, the old master’s body will get weaker and weaker.”
“Damn, I said how grandpa’s illness is getting worse and worse, so it’s because of this reason.”
After hearing this, Ji Cheng burst into foul language!
To be able to make Ji Cheng explode in foul language, it was evident that he was truly furious!
After hearing this, Ji Lian Jun’s brows furrowed as he coldly looked at the three pharmacists.
Feeling Ji Lian Jun’s icy cold eyes, the three pharmacists trembled in fear!
“Ji family master, don’t listen to the kid’s nonsense, how old is he, what does he know, the medicine we gave to the old master is absolutely fine.”
A pharmacist swore towards Ji Lian Jun and assured him!
“Whether there is a problem or not, I can not count when I say it, you guys can not count when you say it, I think there must be a pharmacist association within this Yellow and Blue City, as long as we go to the pharmacist association and ask, then we will know whether I am talking nonsense or not.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
When Ji Lian Jun heard this, he immediately said to Ji Cheng “Cheng’er, immediately go and ask ……”
But just as Ji Cheng was about to leave, the pharmacist immediately said “We gave the old master a medical treatment and refined this elixir, also for the good of the old master, only that we didn’t know that this Frost Honey Flower couldn’t be taken for a long time.”
Listening to that pharmacist’s explanation, Ji Lian Jun almost didn’t die of anger!
“Didn’t know?” The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted up “This is common knowledge, even a freshly initiated Apothecary is aware of this, seeing as you three are not too young, could it be that all three of you don’t know?”
Chen Ping’s words left the three pill masters speechless!