“That’s really strange, could it be that you passed through the Illusion Formation of the Broad Cold Palace?”
Shen Ji Zi asked!
“Of course, I have also passed the test of the Guanghan Palace, and I will be going to the Polar Regions the day after tomorrow, so I purposely came here to pick up some items from the Wantong Pavilion.”
Chen Ping said without hiding anything!
“You buy things, how expensive in the Wantong Pavilion, why don’t you go to the underground trading market?”
Shen Ji Zi said with regret!
“Underground trading market?”
Chen Ping froze, it was not like he knew that South End City even had an underground trading market!
“Yes, the things in this underground trading market, although they are uneven, but you can also find good things, the main thing is that they are cheap and can beat the price.”
“This Wan Tong Pavilion is only as reliable as the information it sells, nothing else works!”
Shen Ji Zi didn’t look like he particularly liked the Wantong Pavilion!
“Where is that underground trading market?”
Chen Ping, who was originally about to leave, suddenly became interested!
It would still be good if he could find some good stuff!
Shen Ji Zi glanced at Chen Ping and stroked his beard, while his meaning was very obvious!
Chen Ping didn’t make a fuss and directly pulled out a Purple Gold Spirit Coin and threw it to Shen Ji Zi!
Shen Ji Zi’s eyes immediately glowed, hurriedly collected the purple gold spirit coin and said “We are old friends, why so polite, I will take you on the line, I am most familiar there, and there are also acquaintances, without acquaintances, it is not possible to enter.”
After Shen Ji Zi finished speaking, he led Chen Ping towards the side of South End City!
Soon, Chen Ping was brought to a very small compound by that Divine Mechanism Son!
However, in such a small compound, there were actually three Fifth Grade cultivators of the Transition Realm inside, and by the looks of it, these three cultivators were only guards!
“Shen Ji Zi, you old boy is here to woo and deceive again?”
One of the guards said jokingly after seeing Shen Ji Zi!
> Shen Ji Zi wasn’t angry either, but he heatedly smiled and said “I’m here with a guest today, a big customer, all of you keep your eyes open, offending a big customer won’t be easy for you.”
The three guards took a look at Chen Ping, he had a cultivation of the third grade of the Ferrying Realm, and he looked ordinary, and he didn’t look like the son of a wealthy family, so they were all a bit unconvinced!
However, just as those three guards were massing Chen Ping, Chen Ping directly threw out three Purple Gold Spirit Coins!
“This is a reward for you all ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
The three guards looked at the Purple Gold Spirit Coins in their hands and were dumbfounded!
Knowing that this one Purple Gold Spirit Coin could be a million ordinary Spirit Coins, the three guards were dumbfounded!
Who’s rewarding this much?
This must be a big customer!
“Sir, please come inside, please come inside, we have no eyes!”
The three guards were instantly polite to Chen Ping!
Shen Ji Zi, on the other hand, was condescending and said “I’ve told you that this is a big client, and you still don’t believe me.”
Shen Ji Zi pushed open the door of the room and walked in!
Chen Ping also followed him in and found that it was just a plain room with a small area, where there was some kind of underground trading market.
Seeing Chen Ping’s doubt, Shen Ji Zi then gently stomped on the ground three times, and soon a light wrapped Chen Ping and Shen Ji Zi!
Immediately followed by a flash of light, Chen Ping and the others had unexpectedly arrived in another space!
There were quite a few cultivators travelling here, bustling with activity!
And it was like a bazaar with various stalls on both sides!
“This Wantong Pavilion’s control is strict, not allowed to have a private market, so this underground trading market, can only be in this open space, but also always beware of that Wantong Pavilion!”
Shen Ji Zi said somewhat helplessly!
Chen Ping looked at the bustling underground trading market, could not help but admire the people behind this market, even hard to open up a space out to engage in the market ……