The other devil cultivators couldn’t help but laugh when they saw how stupid Chen Ping was, this time they would never let Chen Ping escape!
A hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, if they captured Chen Ping, these resources would be enough to increase their strength greatly!
However, Ning Zhi kept looking at the surface of the sea, his brows slightly furrowed, and there wasn’t that kind of relief in his expression!
Seeing this, the green-clothed cultivator then said to Ning Zhi, “Sir Ning, this time we can’t let Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu escape, I hope that you can help us enter the Dead Sea again.”
The green-clothed cultivator volunteered to help, he was just afraid that Ning Zhi would make a move to destroy Chen Ping!
If Chen Ping directly flew into ashes, what would they do to follow the alliance master in exchange for a hundred years of offerings ah!
Therefore, this green-clothed cultivator planned to take the initiative with his men and capture Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu first!
Ning Zhi nodded and did not stop him he also wanted to see what tricks Chen Ping was playing!
These Devil Fairy Fairy could well help him test what Chen Ping was really up to!
Just seeing Ning Zhi gently waving his palm, the flame breath instantly rose from these devil cultivators, wrapping up a dozen of them!
Seeing this, the green-clothed cultivator immediately waved his hand and said, “Brothers, charge down with me, we must capture that Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu.”
The green-clothed cultivator was the first to charge towards the bottom of the Dead Sea, one of his arms had been chopped off, this was a vendetta he wanted to personally avenge!
Seeing this, the other demonic cultivators followed along and rushed towards the Dead Sea!
Chen Ping at the bottom of the sea saw more than a dozen devil cultivators rushing into the Dead Sea, but that Ning Zhi was still suspended in mid-air on the surface of the sea and did not enter the Dead Sea, and knew that this guy must have let these devil cultivators explore the way!
Ning Zhi was simply too cautious, Chen Ping could only pretend to be surprised after being discovered, and then fled to the side!
Seeing Chen Ping fleeing, the dozen or so demonic cultivators became even more excited, especially the green-clothed cultivator with a broken arm, holding a large sword and wailing as he chased towards Chen Ping!
Seeing Chen Ping so panicked, these devil cultivators concluded that Chen Ping must not have expected that he would be discovered!
At this time, Ning Zhi was gazing at the sea surface, accompanied by a crimson light emanating from his eyes, the light shone into the sea, the situation at the bottom of the sea was surprisingly in his eyes at this moment, even Chen Ping’s panicked appearance, he saw it clearly!
Seeing Chen Ping’s panicked look, the corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth raised slightly, not knowing whether it was complacency or mockery!
“Chen Ping, you’re still playing with me with this little trick, are you treating me like a three year old child?”
Ning Zhi muttered!
And at this moment those demonic cultivators were desperately chasing after Chen Ping, they did not notice that the peaks around the bottom of the sea had light flickering at this moment!
Just as a few devil cultivators were chasing after Chen Ping and were about to catch up with him, a sudden burst of light shot up into the sky!
Boom!
Suddenly, a heavenly breath impacted, instantly tearing apart the surrounding seawater at the bottom of the sea, forming a large vacuum!
And when those dozen or so demonic cultivators saw this, they stopped with their hands in a frenzy, and then one by one, they cast their shields to resist the aura.
These dozen or so devil cultivators all stopped and looked around in surprise!
“Damn, this Chen Ping really did lay a trap at the bottom of the sea, fortunately we were prepared.”
The green-clothed cultivator cursed and said!
However, after the aura exploded, Chen Ping’s trail had long since disappeared, and the seabed was surrounded by dimness!
The dozen or so demonic cultivators felt the flame aura on their bodies weakening, and did not dare to stay at the bottom of the sea for long, so they could only be forced to rush towards the surface!
If the flame aura disappeared, then they were going to turn into white bones in the middle of the Dead Sea!
“Prince Ning, that Chen Ping really did have a trap at the bottom of the sea, but it didn’t do us any harm, it just allowed this guy to escape.”
After the green-clothed cultivator rushed out of the sea, he said to Ning Zhi!