“What’s going on? Where am I?”
“Anna? Hal, why are you all here?”
Duke Ross asked, suddenly awake and looking at the people inside the room with a surprised look on his face.
“Father …………”
Anna jumped headlong into Duke Ross’s arms and began to cry bitterly.
Duke Ross, in turn, comforted Anna, “Anna, what is it, what’s wrong?”
“Father, you have been in a coma for many days, and my brother he even got a wizard to control you ……”
Anna told after Duke Ross!
And Hal, upon seeing his father awake, looked very frightened!
“Hal, what’s going on?”
Duke Ross asked, looking angrily at Hal.
“Father, don’t listen to your sister, you’re sick, I’m just looking for someone to come and see you!”
Hal explained desperately!
“Well, don’t say any more, now that I’m awake, I will investigate this matter.”
Duke Ross said with a cold face and a wave of his hand.
He then looked at Anna with a doting face and gently stroked Anna’s hair!
Seeing his father doting on his sister, Hal’s face turned very ugly and fierce!
A murderous intent flashed in Hal’s eyes, he knew that if he really investigated, what he had done would definitely be exposed!
With that thought in mind, Hal’s eyes faintly gaped and he gave a wink towards the wizard, who knowingly blocked the exit of the room directly!
“I’ve been in a coma for so many days, the government affairs must have been delayed a lot, I’m going to check it out ……”
Duke Ross had just come to his senses and was worried about the political affairs.
But just as he reached the door, he found that the sorcerer was blocking the doorway.
Duke Rose’s face went cold as he said, “What is this man? What is it that is blocking the doorway?”
“My father is going out, what are you doing here in the way?”
Anna questioned at the sorcerer.
But the sorcerer did not move a muscle.
Duke Rose was furious and turned to Hal, “Hal, what’s going on?”
Hal walked towards Duke Ross with a grim smile on his face.
“Father, you are recovering from a serious illness and you are old, so I think you should not bother with the affairs of government, but leave them to me.”
“I promise to keep this ducal palace in order.”
Hal said coldly.
When Duke Ross heard this, his brows furrowed and his eyes were filled with anger, “Hal, what do you mean by that? Do you want to be in my position?”
“Good, I want to be a duke now too ……”
Hal admitted it straight away.
“Brother, how can you say that, how can you want to inherit your father’s dukedom when he is still alive?”
Anna asked with a surprised look on her face.
A murderous aura rose up from Hal: “Soon, father will not be alive ……”
Hal’s words almost killed Duke Rose!
“Beast, you treacherous creature, I’ll kill you ……”
Duke Ross roared and slapped a palm at Hal!
It was a pity that Duke Ross had just come to his senses and his body was still weak, so the slap was easily dodged by Hal.
“Father, I am your own son, are you willing to kill me too?”
“Since that’s the case, then I don’t need to have any worries ……”
Hal finished and said towards the sorcerer, “Master, do it, these three people in the room, none of them will live ……”
Only to see that sorcerer nodded, then chanting the words under his breath, a burst of black mist began to rise up from his body!
Immediately after that, the whole room was wrapped inside with black mist, and nothing could be seen as far as the eye could see.
Anna screamed in terror at the sight of this scene!
Duke Rose was also in a state of panic!
But at that moment, someone suddenly grabbed Anna’s hand and pulled her around!
“Ah …………”
Anna shouted desperately, trying to break free.
“It’s me, hide behind me.”
Chen Ping whispered after Anna!