Later on, hundreds of cultivators fought hard against that big devil and finally killed that big devil.
Time flew by and the crowd had long forgotten about that great devil!
But now, this Mu Qing had actually performed that great devil’s technique!
“This brat’s demonic technique has the flavour of an ancient inheritance ah.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
“Ancient inheritance?” Chen Ping was a little confused!
He did not expect that this Mu Qing would be so powerful!
“You don’t have to be too scared, this guy’s demonic power hasn’t reached the point where his mind and techniques are perfectly matched, it just has a bit of the flavour of an ancient inheritance, perhaps I guessed wrong.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was perhaps afraid that Chen Ping was timid, so he said!
“Understood!”
Chen Ping nodded, looking at the giant python that roamed the sky, zooming in front of his eyes!
Chen Ping raised his hand and grabbed towards the void!
In the void, a fire cloud unexpectedly appeared, and within the fire cloud, three types of Supreme Flames were constantly burning!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh!
Immediately after, the Supreme Flames within the fire cloud fell as if they were meteorites!
A ball of fire continuously smashed into those giant pythons!
Seeing Chen Ping’s means, the crowd also exclaimed!
A fourth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, the means that he had executed shocked even those of them who were seventh or eighth ranked cultivators of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
That Butler Liu frowned slightly after seeing the means that Chen Ping had executed!
Although he knew that Mu Kui and Mu Naiyi were both killed by Chen Ping, he had never seen the actual means that Chen Ping had executed!
Now that he had seen Chen Ping, the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, casually grabbing the means, this caused the originally confident Butler Liu to have a few concerns!
At this moment, in the sky, two colours appeared, the black python followed by the crimson flames!
A blazing flame smashed into that giant python’s body, emitting a rumbling sound!
A giant python was smashed and then turned into a piece of black mist!
The Supreme Flame followed that giant python and fought in midair!
Both were consuming each other’s energy!
Then, amidst a deafening sound, the black mist slowly dispersed, and the fire cloud also receded!
In the sky, calm was restored!
At this moment, only Chen Ping followed that Mu Qing suspended in mid-air, gazing at each other!
In this move, neither side had the slightest advantage!
However, Mu Qing wasn’t too surprised, but only felt a little regret, “You really do have some strength, I’m really afraid of killing you with one move, that wouldn’t be fun!”
In Mu Qing’s eyes, he did not see Chen Ping as an opponent, but rather prey!
He just wanted to play along with Chen Ping now!
In that move just now, Mu Qing did not exert his full strength either!
“If this is all you are capable of, I advise you to apologise and get the hell back to the Mu Family.”
“With this skill of yours, let alone your aunt, you’re not even as good as your big brother.”
“At the very least, when I killed them, I still used a few moves.”
“Especially your aunt, who was so clothed by me that she fought me naked.”
“Hey ………… a word!”
Chen Ping had a few cold smiles on his face, deliberately angering Mu Qing!
It was because only by provoking Mu Qing would he inadvertently reveal his full strength, then Chen Ping could take early precautions!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, there was a bit of anger in Mu Qing’s eyes!
However, that anger only flickered.
“You don’t need to deliberately provoke me, in our Mu Family, women are the ones who cooperate with men in dual cultivation, so what’s the big deal even if they strip naked.”
Mu Qing suppressed the anger in his heart!
He knew that Chen Ping had deliberately said so in order to provoke him and make him reveal his true strength!
“If your Mu Family is like this, what’s the difference between you and an animal.”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
Mu Qing’s face was cold, with murderous intent in his eyes, as he violently raised his hand!
Only to see above Mu Qing’s head, a black mist shot up into the sky, followed by the black mist diffusing into a huge black net!