“Immeasurable Master …………”
Feeling the terrifying sword aura, Xiao Jian shouted once again!
Master Limitless was about to cry!
However, he still put his hands together and after an Amitabha Buddha, in an instant, his body was filled with Buddhist light, only to see the body of Master Limitless, expanding like a balloon, and in the end, he blocked everyone behind him!
Boom!
The sword energy blasted down, and Grandmaster Limitless’ body directly flew backwards for tens of miles, blood spraying from his mouth in mid-air!
“You guys, you’re really rubbish, shout out the ones from your Xiao Dynasty that can fight!”
The Tenth Highness said as he looked at the crowd with contempt in his eyes!
Everyone was silent, who in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty could fight?
It was only Xiao Yuan Shan who could fight the most, but no one knew where Xiao Yuan Shan was at this moment!
“Lao Di is the most capable fighter in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
Master Limitless’s voice came out and then landed in front of the crowd!
Even after being beaten like this, Master Limitless surprisingly did not even flee alone!
The Tenth Highness looked at Master Limitless and couldn’t help but spit towards the ground, “You old bald donkey is the most trashy ……”
“A scholar can be killed but not humiliated, the old lineage will fight with you!”
After saying that, Master Limitless’ qi and blood surged up, and he even directly began to burn his essence blood!
Everyone looked at Master Limitless in shock, it seemed that Master Limitless had really put up a fight!
Accompanied by the burning of essence blood, the aura within Master Limitless’ body was surging crazily, at the same time, a golden light was used from his body, like the waves of the sea, surging continuously!
Only to see the immeasurable master from his own chest, plucked a string of Buddha beads, violently towards the sky a throw: “Drawing the ground for the prison ……”
Rumble …………
That Buddha bead skyrocketed, forming a circle of light, then set down towards the Tenth Highness, seemingly to confine the Tenth Highness within it!
The Tenth Highness’ expression was calm as he gently waved his palm!
Boom!
That circle of light was instantly shattered, and countless fragments of Buddha beads fell like rain!
Those shattered Buddha beads transformed into a stream of golden rays, all of which fell into Master Limitless’ body!
Along with these golden rays falling into Master Limitless’ body, the skin on Master Limitless’ body even gradually turned golden!
The entire person was like a golden man cast in gold!
“Second Prince, who is this Master Limitless?”
Yu Wenqiang was shocked when he saw this appearance of Master Limitless and asked!
There was such an awesome figure in their Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and he, as the Prime Minister, didn’t even know about it!
“Master Limitless said that he is a monk from the Thunder Sound Temple, and I don’t know where that Thunder Sound Temple is!”
Xiao Jian said!
“Thunder Sound Temple?”Yu Wenqiang froze!
It seemed that he had also not heard of the Thunder Sound Temple as a temple in the boundaries of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Perhaps it was a temple in other territories of the Celestial Realm!
However, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness spoke after hearing about the Thunder Sound Temple, “This old bald donkey’s realm doesn’t look very high, but his means of eruption are good, so he is a monk of the Thunder Sound Temple.”
“Could it be that during the God-Devil War back then, in this part of the Celestial Realm, the monks of the Thunder Sound Temple also participated?”
“Senior, you know about the Thunder Sound Temple?”Chen Ping hurriedly asked!
“Of course, this Thunder Sound Temple is the most famous temple in the Four Heavens of the Heavenly Realm, a lot of people like to go and pay their respects.”
“Old me also went there once back in the day, but I only went there for fun, I didn’t worship those old vultures.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord explained!
“Then, this Master Limitless is also from the Heavenly Realm? It looks like he is trapped in the Celestial Realm.”
Chen Ping could not help but lament, back then, during the God-Devil War, it was unknown how many Celestial Realm Immortals and Devils had been trapped in the Celestial Realm by the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation!
These people were trapped in the Celestial Realm and had no way to cultivate, and after thousands of years of baptism, many of them had their realm strength lowered a lot!
Only Chen Ping was a little confused, since this Master Limitless was a person from the Heavenly Realm, why was he so desperate to help this Xiao Jian?