However, it was very difficult to replenish this Dao Pattern Fatal Qi, and the only way to replenish it was to kill Yin Fatal Objects, or some rotting corpses, and that was also very slow!
However, in this crack, there was so much Dao Fury Qi, allowing Chen Ping to absorb it painfully!
Chen Ping wondered if this crack could have been split by a Yin Demon’s sword.
And could that gong method be Yin Demon’s?
Was that a Lion and Tiger Beast the mount of a Yin Demon?
All of this Chen Ping does not know, and is only a guess, to figure it out, but also to run into the Yin Demon to be able to do so!
But how easy is it to run into the Yin Devil, these old guys don’t know where they are hiding to secretly investigate!
After all, their identity, if they are blown out, then there will be hilarious!
Chen Ping slowly fell down from mid-air, and Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix rushed up!
“How is it, do you know what’s inside that gongfu?”
Bai Shao hurriedly asked!
Fire Phoenix also curiously pricked her ears and listened!
But Chen Ping shook his head “I haven’t read it yet ……”
Upon hearing that Chen Ping hadn’t opened it yet, Bai Shao said with some anxiety “You are quick to open it and look at it ah ……”
Chen Ping nodded, and then a channel of baneful energy continuously hit into the jade slip within the press of the gong method!
Along with the jade slowly flickered white light, to the end of the white light into a golden light, a resting shadow projected into mid-air!
Chen Ping hurriedly dispersed his divine sense and quickly consulted the merit law on the jade slip!
After only a few moments, this gongfu jade slip had all entered Chen Ping’s divine sense!
Soon the light disappeared and nothing could be seen!
And that merit jade slip had also turned into ashes in Chen Ping’s hands!
“What the f*ck is this, I don’t understand a bit of it ……”
“Fire Phoenix, did you read it?”
Bai Shao couldn’t help but curse!
“I didn’t read it either ……” Fire Phoenix also shook her head!
“Chen Ping, hurry up and study what kind of technique this is.”
Bai Shao urged Chen Ping!
Chen Ping hurriedly sank into the sea of consciousness and carefully looked at the gongfa he had just obtained, only that it was indeed a bit obscure and difficult to understand, and Chen Ping was also a bit confused!
After all, Chen Ping was not a true demonic cultivator, so there were many contents in this merit law that Chen Ping simply could not understand!
“Mr Chen, this …… is the Breath Mimicking Grand Technique, it is considered a good technique ……”
At this time, Ochre Yan spoke excitedly!
When Chen Ping heard Ochre Yan’s voice, he immediately remembered that there was a demonic cultivator in his sea of consciousness.
During this period of time, Ochre Amazing had been raising the Golden Silkworm Compass Poison, so he had not followed Chen Ping to communicate with him, causing Chen Ping to forget about him!
“What kind of technique is the Breath Mimicking Technique?”
Chen Ping asked to Ochre Yan!
“This Breath Mimicry Grand Technique is a deception technique that can make a person change their physical appearance, even the breath on their body can be changed, directly turning you into another person!”
Ochre Yan explained!
“Turn into another person?” Chen Ping was shocked “This means, after refining this Breath Mimicry Technique, I can change into seventy-two changes?”
Ochre Yan was speechless after hearing this and could only say “Mr Chen, this Breath Mimicry technique can only change the physical appearance and breath, allowing you to turn into another person, not the other way round.”
“Turning into another person, no one will recognise it, right?” Chen Ping continued to ask!
“It depends on the extent of this Breath Mimicry Technique that you have practised, but if you want to turn into someone much stronger than yourself, there will definitely be a breakthrough as well, after all, you, a cultivator, want to turn into an Immortal, and the breath on your body can’t be changed in any way to achieve that.”
“As long as the difference in strength isn’t very big, this Breath Mimicry Technique will be able to deceive the past, even the acquaintances around you will find it hard to tell.”
Ochre Yan explained!
Chen Ping nodded, sort of understanding what this Breath Mimicking Grand Technique was for!
Not only could this Breath Mimicry Grand Technique take people by surprise, but it could also be used to escape in times of danger, it was simply fantastic!
“Chen Ping, what is this technique, do you know?”
Seeing Chen Ping come out of his sea of consciousness, Bai Shao hurriedly asked!