Chen Ping looked at the Taotie with a wave of nausea, the creature was too hideous, far uglier than his Fire Qilin, not even as good-looking as the Sky-Devouring Beast!
“Roar!”
The Taotie’s shadow suddenly swooped, hundreds of eyeballs shooting out dark green beams straight at the Fire Qilin.
The Fire Qilin leaped into the air, flames forming a shield, but the moment the beams pierced the flames, its front hooves were corroded, leaving charred wounds.
“Chen Ping, that wretched thing can devour spirits!”
Hu Mazi shouted from behind the secret vault’s stone door, clutching a newly snatched treasure, “The Fire Qilin is too small now, it might not stand a chance!”
Chen Ping’s heart sank as he swung his sword at the Taotie’s shadow, but the golden sword aura vanished the instant it touched the black mist.
Ghost Face’s laughter echoed from the fog, “Useless! The Taotie devours all, you and your beast are done for!”
The Fire Qilin let out a pained roar, its flames visibly dimming, the wounds hit by the Taotie’s beams withering at a visible rate.
Seeing this, Chen Ping fiercely bit his tongue, dripping blood onto the Dragon-Slaying Sword, “Slash!”
The Dragon-Slaying Sword and the Fire Qilin erupted in brilliant light, a golden dragon shadow intertwining with the Qilin’s divine form, creating a golden pillar of fire that pierced the heavens.
The Taotie’s devouring force was briefly suppressed, its hundreds of eyeballs bursting one after another.
“Seeking death!”
A ruthless glint flashed in Ghost Face’s eyes as he formed seals, injecting them into the Taotie, “Swallow them!”
The Taotie’s shadow suddenly expanded, its giant maw opening like a black hole, engulfing both the Fire Qilin and Chen Ping.
The Fire Qilin’s flames were frantically devoured, its scales peeling off as it let out a dying wail.
Chen Ping felt his strength being pulled by an invisible force, the Dragon-Slaying Sword nearly slipping from his grasp.
“No…” He glanced at the secret vault, where the last group of disciples rushed out. Chen Ping hurriedly said to the Scarlet Cloud Demon Lord, “Senior, possess me quick, lend me your power!”
Chen Ping knew that if he didn’t use the Scarlet Cloud Demon Lord’s possession, he and the Fire Qilin would likely perish!
He had provoked something he shouldn’t have, a temple was already giving him a headache, and now a mysterious organisation had emerged.
“Kid, your strength is getting more pathetic, why do you need my possession again?”
The Scarlet Cloud Demon Lord teased!
Those words left Chen Ping speechless!
It wasn’t his strength that was lacking, it was just that the enemies he faced were increasingly perverse. He used to be invincible in the Third Heaven, who knew he’d provoke such a mysterious organisation.
“Cut the nonsense, just say if you’ll help or not. If I die, don’t forget, your wisp of soul will be finished too.”
Chen Ping said, somewhat displeased!
“Help, how could I not help!” The Scarlet Cloud Demon Lord replied, preparing to possess Chen Ping!
But at that moment, a terrifying pressure emanated from within Chen Ping.
The dim sky suddenly split open, revealing a massive eye.
“What’s that?”
The voice from the fog trembled, its icy blue finger wind freezing instantly.
Below the giant eye, a pitch-black crack slowly widened, and a furry ferocious beast appeared.
“Sky… Sky-Devouring Beast?”
Ghost Face’s voice broke entirely, the black flames extinguishing abruptly, “The legendary beast that devours the Heavenly Dao! Why is it here?”
Seeing the Sky-Devouring Beast, Chen Ping breathed a sigh of relief and said to the Scarlet Cloud Demon Lord, “Alright, I don’t need your help anymore!”
With the Sky-Devouring Beast, these foes were no match, after all, this beast could truly devour all things!
But Chen Ping couldn’t control the Sky-Devouring Beast, nor did he know when it would awaken, so it was useless in times of danger!
The Sky-Devouring Beast shook its head, its golden vertical pupils scanning the battlefield before locking onto the Taotie’s shadow, letting out a satisfied purr.
“Not good!”
The grey-robed elder tried to recall the Nether Lamp, but found the twelve green lanterns already drawn by an invisible force, flying toward the Sky-Devouring Beast.