“Shut the hell up ……”
The Grand Protector slapped Liu Rui on the back, Liu Rui instantly spurted out a mouthful of blood and turned pale as a sheet!
“Stop it ……”
Chen Ping frowned, his eyes filled with murderous intent!
“Kid, behave and this little girl will live, otherwise she will die ……”
The Great Protector continued to threaten Chen Ping!
At this time, although Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were also a bit disgusted by the Great Protector’s approach, there was really no better way to control Chen Ping than this method!
“Fine, I’ll give up, but you have to let her go!”
Chen Ping nodded, and the golden dragon under his seat instantly disappeared, while Chen Ping himself landed on the ground!
Just as Chen Ping landed on the ground, Tong Youcai’s breath suddenly exploded and his body disappeared in an instant, and when Chen Ping was unprepared, he slapped him with a fierce palm!
The slap was so powerful that it struck Chen Ping directly on the back with a loud bang!
Chen Ping was hit by the slap and his body flew out instantly, followed by a mouthful of blood!
Chen Ping fell to the ground and stared angrily at Tong Youcai, but Tong Youcai said proudly to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, get up and continue to fight with me? If you dare to fight, Liu Rui will be a dead man right away!”
Chen Ping looked at Tong Youcai angrily, but did not move, knowing that if he did, the Great Protector would definitely kill Liu Rui!
Seeing that Chen Ping was really afraid to move, Tong Youcai laughed loudly and then leapt up and kicked out at Chen Ping again!
Boom …………
This kick caused Chen Ping’s internal organs to roll over and blood was spurting out of his mouth, he was obviously seriously injured!
“Mr. Chen, Mr. Chen …………”
Liu Rui saw that Chen Ping, for his own sake, could not fight back and was seriously injured, she immediately blamed herself and cried out in pain!
“Mr. Chen, you don’t care about me, don’t care about me ……”
Liu Rui told Chen Ping to leave her alone, but Chen Ping didn’t listen, after all, Chen Ping’s life was saved by Liu Rui, he couldn’t watch Liu Rui die!
When Tong Youcai saw that Chen Ping did not dare to fight back, he relaxed completely and went straight up to Chen Ping and punched and kicked him!
He was venting his anger, and only when he was tired of beating did he stop, and Chen Ping was so badly injured that it was difficult for him to stand up!
“Well, it’s time for us to get the spirit fruit, this guy will deal with him later!”
The Great Protector threw Liu Rui away and then said to Tong Youcai.
Now that Chen Ping was seriously injured, any martial artist could easily kill him, so the Grand Protector was no longer worried!
“Good, it won’t be too late to kill this kid after we finish sharing the Tong Ling fruit ……”
Tong Youcai also nodded his head!
In fact, he did not know that the reason why the Grand Protector did not allow Tong Youcai to kill Chen Ping was because the Grand Protector had taken a fancy to Chen Ping’s physical body, as well as Chen Ping’s strength.
If he could just absorb Chen Ping’s strength and seize his body, the Great Protector’s strength would definitely increase!
But now he could not say it explicitly to prevent Tong Youcai and Leng Yun from being on guard against him!
“Mr. Chen, Mr. Chen ………… blame me, blame me, if I hadn’t been caught, you wouldn’t be like this.”
Liu Rui stepped forward and served Chen Ping up, and then slowly wiped the blood from Chen Ping’s body!
Liu Rui wept bitterly, she now hated herself, hated herself for being so weak and for causing so much trouble for Chen Ping.
“Miss Liu, you don’t have to blame yourself, I’m fine, I can’t die!”
Chen Ping tried hard to squeeze out a smile and said!
“Keep an eye on the two of them, let them escape.”
Tong Youcai ordered his men to keep an eye on Liu Rui and Chen Ping, and then followed the Great Protector to the bottom of the Tong Ling tree, calculating how to get the Tong Ling fruit off!