Now he hated, hated how he had gotten carried away and betrayed Ji Ru Xue.
If he could still follow the Red Lotus Palace at this time and ally with Chen Ping’s current ability, why would he worry that the Sacred Beast Palace could not develop?
But now it was too late to say anything!
Chen Ping slowly walked up to Xiao Da and coldly looked down at him.
Xiao Da felt the cold intent in Chen Ping’s gaze and his entire body shook even more!
He began to kowtow to Chen Ping over and over again.
“Mr. Chen, I was wrong, I was really wrong, I was possessed, and I was forced to do so by Zhou Tiancheng.”
“Please Mr. Chen don’t kill me, I am willing to be a cow and a horse for Mr. Chen, let me do anything ……”
Xiao Da desperately kowtowed and begged for mercy.
At this moment Ji Ru Xue, who was in Chen Ping’s arms, raised her head and let Chen Ping put him down.
And then waited viciously for Xiao Da: “Xiao Da, a villain like you who climbs up the ladder of power is most detestable, originally I always thought you were a decent man ……”
Ji Ruxue’s ruthlessness towards Xiao Da was even deeper than that Zhou Tiancheng, if Xiao Da hadn’t taken advantage of his trust and tricked himself over, how would that Zhou Tiancheng have gotten away with it.
“Palace Master Ji, I was wrong, I was really wrong, I will never dare to do it again, please let me go ……”
Xiao Da cried out in pain.
And Chen Ping looked at Xiao Da coldly, his eyes grew more and more disgusted.
At the beginning, Xiao Da was not used to the actions of the Sacred Beast Palace’s Palace Master, Fei Qingping, and even killed Fei Qingping, Chen Ping thought that this Xiao Da was not bad.
But unexpectedly, after he became the Sacred Beast Palace Master, he was the same kind of goods!
Or maybe the position hadn’t reached that height and his nature hadn’t shown itself.
“Rubbish ……”
Chen Ping snorted lightly, followed by a toe flick!
A sharp tile on the ground directly penetrated Xiao Da’s neck.
With his hands covering his neck, Xiao Da tried to say something but couldn’t, and a moment later he collapsed to the ground, not breathing!
Seeing that Xiao Da was dead, the anger in Ji Ru Xue’s heart was then calmed down.
“Chen …… Chen Ping, let’s go ……”
Ji Ru Xue directly shouted out Chen Ping’s name, not calling him Mr. Chen anymore.
Perhaps this would better show the increased affection of the two people at this time!
However, Chen Ping did not hear anything, but said to Ji Ruxue, “I said that that Zhou Tiancheng touched you, to make everyone in the Zhou family pay for their lives.”
Ji Ru Xue blushed, “What are you talking nonsense about, that Zhou Tian Cheng didn’t touch me at all, I’m fine now.”
Chen Ping froze: “Then Zhou Tiancheng said …… that you have become his woman.”
“Fool, you believe everything he says, do you not believe what I say?”
Ji Ru Xue gave Chen Ping a white look, “Hurry up and go, or else Xiao Min will be anxious at home.”
After Ji Ru Xue finished speaking, she took two steps forward, only that her body had not yet fully recovered and she almost fell over.
Chen Ping was quick with his hands and hastily embraced Ji Ru Xue.
“It’s better for me to carry you back ……”
Chen Ping hugged Ji Ru Xue and quickly headed towards the Red Lotus Palace.
At this time, at the entrance of the Red Lotus Palace, Xiao Min was waiting anxiously.
Now it was almost dawn, but there was no news of her sister, so Minnie was very anxious.
Just as Xiao Min was getting anxious, a figure suddenly appeared, followed by the sight of Chen Ping walking back with Ji Ru Xue in his arms.
Xiao Min, who saw this scene, instantly froze.
Because at this moment, Ji Ru Xue had her arms around Chen Ping’s neck and the two were very close.
Seeing that she had reached the Red Lotus Palace, Ji Ru Xue hurriedly whispered to Chen Ping, “Quickly put me down ……”
After all, Ji Ruxue was the Palace Master of the Red Lotus Palace, following a man so intimately would not be a good influence!
Chen Ping put Ji Ru Xue down, and then Ji Ru Xue straightened her clothes before walking towards the interior of the Red Lotus Palace.