When the Third Elder looked at the Second Elder’s appearance, he didn’t know for a moment if what the Second Elder said was true or not, but it had come to this, so the Third Elder could only choose to believe the Second Elder’s words!
Now, apart from joining forces with the Second Elder, the Third Elder could not think of any other good solution!
“Second Elder, I believe you, so let’s wait for the sect meeting and let First Miss directly break down Hu Yixiao’s face and take back the Jade Tripod Sect!”
Third Elder said.
“Good, I’ll go back and make arrangements, as long as the two of us join forces and help Eldest Miss take back the Jade Tripod Sect, there will definitely be no problem.”
The second elder nodded, then looked at Liu Ruyan and said “Eldest Miss, I’ll take my leave ……”
“Second Elder has worked hard ……”
Liu Ruyan said politely!
As the Second Elder walked back, Liu Ruyan looked at the Third Elder and said “Third Elder, do you think the Second Elder is reliable?”
The Third Elder didn’t say anything and said in silence for a moment, “I don’t know, but we can only choose to trust him now.”
“I hope that Second Elder can see the face of the Old Patriarch and is sincere about helping us!”
Liu Ruyan also stopped speaking, now it seemed that their success or failure rested on the Second Elder!
And at this moment, the Second Elder had a smug smile on his face after leaving the Third Elder’s quarters!
Back at the Jade Tripod Sect, the Second Elder did not return to his own residence, but went straight to Hu Yixiao!
“Second senior brother, what are you doing here with me at this late hour?”
Hu Yixiao asked after seeing the Second Elder.
“Senior brother, I have something I want to report to you ……”
Second Elder said.
“Just say what’s up.”
Hu Yixiao’s eyes were slightly closed and he was lying on a chair with a lazy look.
The Second Elder looked at the disciples on either side of him, then waved his hand and said “You all go out, I have something to report to the Sovereign.”
Several Jade Tripod Sect disciples froze, and then looked at Hu Yixiao.
After all, they only listened to Hu Yixiao’s words, the Second Elder could not order them.
“You guys go out.” Hu Yixiao waved his hand.
After a few Jade Tripod Sect disciples went out, the Second Elder hurriedly walked over to Hu Yixiao’s side, then whispered lowly in Hu Yixiao’s ear.
When he heard the Second Elder’s words, Hu Yixiao’s originally slightly closed eyes instantly opened roundly, and his entire body jumped straight up from his chair.
“Second senior brother, is this true what you said?”
Hu Yixiao asked in shock.
“Senior brother, of course it’s true, absolutely no lie, I’ve just returned from Third Senior Brother’s quarters.”
Second Elder said with a serious face.
Hu Yixiao’s eyebrows tightened, his eyes were slightly glued, and there was a strong murderous aura in his eyes.
“I didn’t expect the First Miss to still be alive, no wonder I see that the new disciple Third Senior Brother recruited also looks somewhat familiar.”
“After so many years, the third senior brother is hiding deep enough ……”
After Hu Yixiao finished, he looked up at the second elder and said with slight confusion “Second senior brother, why did you suddenly tell me about this?”
“To know that the old patriarch treats you well, ah?”
Hu Yixiao did not understand why the Second Elder had to come over and tell him about this matter.
If the Second Elder and the Third Elder joined forces, in addition to Liu Ruyan’s appearance, it would still be easy to take back the Jade Tripod Sect from him.
But now the Second Elder had chosen to betray the Third Elder and Liu Ruyan, which made Hu Yixiao somewhat puzzled.
“Senior brother, you’ve treated me well all these years, you’ve given me the management of all the big and small matters of the sect, and you’ve even given me something as important as the warehouse.”
“I know, only by following senior brother can I have a good life, if the Jade Tripod Sect is really seized by that Liu Ruyan, it will be third senior brother who will be relied upon in the future, I am only afraid that I will have no place to live in the Jade Tripod Sect.”
The Second Elder explained.