“What realm are you in now?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“I don’t know!” The old man shook his head!
“Then you should know what your name is, right?” Chen Ping continued to ask!
“Don’t know ……” The old man still shook his head!
“Then what else do you know about yourself?”
“I don’t remember anything, I only know that I have to get out of here!”
The old man said!
“Since you don’t know anything, there is nothing I can do to help you, why are you trapping me in this spell formation?”
Chen Ping did not understand why this old man wanted to trap himself in the spell formation!
The hidden spell formation in that gong method could only be seen by Chen Ping, which meant that this old man did it on purpose!
“Of course it’s because of this body of yours, this body of yours interests me, perhaps if I attach myself to your body, I will be able to leave this place!”
The old man finished and looked at Chen Ping greedily!
“If you say you’ll attach your body, I won’t agree to it, what benefits will I get if I help you leave this place?”
Chen Ping knew that although the identity of this old man was unknown, he was definitely a great devil who had been suppressed here from the Heavenly Realm!
It might be possible to get some benefits from this fellow!
“Benefits?”
The old man froze and said with a slight anger “Are you bargaining with me? I’m not begging you, don’t look at me as only a wisp of residual soul left, still bound by the shackles, but to enter your body to control you, it’s still as easy as a slap in the face ……”
“Is that so?” Chen Ping snorted coldly, not believing it at all!
Whoosh!
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, the old man unexpectedly turned into a black mist in an instant, then quickly entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Chen Ping’s divine sense had not been released, and yet this old man had easily entered inside Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, so it was evident that his strength was indeed strong!
“Hahaha, you ignorant little doll, being able to have your body borrowed by this father is a supreme honour for you ……”
After the old man entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, he actually laughed out loud!
“You really do have two skills, I promise to take you out, but after you go out, you have to come out of my body immediately!”
Chen Ping said to the old man!
“Don’t dream, the old man only waited thousands of years for such a strong body like yours, able to withstand the remnants of the old man’s soul, how can I be willing to leave, I will use your body, to recultivate, and retrieve my lost memories!”
The old man revealed a hideous demeanour at this moment!
Chen Ping heard the old man’s words, but was not surprised at all, after all, this old man was only a wisp of residual soul, and was still bound by the shackles, if he walked out of this cave, even in the Celestial Realm, it would be very difficult for this wisp of his residual soul to survive!
“With this wisp of your remnant soul, you also want to seize my physical body, isn’t it too beautiful to think!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a golden light instantly burst forth in his sea of consciousness!
When the old man saw this, he couldn’t help but let out a cold laugh, and his body emitted a light blue aura, which wrapped around the old man’s body, blocking out the golden light!
Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, instantly became a battlefield, the two forces were constantly colliding, causing Chen Ping to frown with a feeling of pain!
Luckily, Ochre Amazing had remodelled his physical body and left from Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, otherwise this horrifying collision of auras would have surely torn Ochre Amazing’s remnant soul apart!
“Kid, the stronger your divine sense is, the more the old man likes it, it seems that my thousands of years of waiting has really not been in vain!”
The old man laughed instead in the face of the attack of Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness that was covered in golden light!
Chen Ping put his best foot forward, the sea of consciousness of Hanhai kept on churning, but it could not cause the slightest damage to that old man!
To know that this old man was only a wisp of a remnant soul, or a remnant soul bound by shackles, but he still possessed such a huge power of divine sense that Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness attack was not able to do the slightest thing!
The old man laughed out loud as the light blue aura on his body began to expand, gradually drowning out the golden light in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!