Although Red Phoenix was older, she was still a virgin and had never been touched by a man, so she was well maintained and looked like a young girl in her twenties!
Red Phoenix’s face was slightly cold, but she quickly recovered and said with a smile on her face, “This gentleman is joking, I’m half an old woman, who can look at me?
Red Phoenix held back the anger in her heart and could only try her best to please Qin Feng, because Red Phoenix knew that the strength of these people was no match for the few people in front of her, not because Red Phoenix was afraid of death, but because Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were still inside, if there was a conflict, they were not afraid of dying in battle, but there would be no one to protect Su Yuqi!
“D*mn it, I’ll cut you down …………”
The woman is his woman, and he can’t stand it if he sees his woman being molested by another man!
Lin Tianhu’s strength had improved by leaps and bounds since he had eaten the Great Returning Pill given by Chen Ping, and his machete was as fast as a tiger could be!
Seeing Lin Tianhu attacking towards himself, the corner of Qin Feng’s mouth lifted, “You haven’t even reached the realm of Patriarch, and you still dare to fight me, you don’t measure yourself ……”
With that, Qin Feng flew up and kicked Lin Tianhu straight out!
Lin Tianhu’s body hit the door hard, directly knocking it down, while a trace of blood flowed from the corner of Lin Tianhu’s mouth!
If he hadn’t taken the Great Returning Pill, Lin Tianhu’s physical quality had grown a lot, I’m afraid that Qin Feng’s kick would have killed Lin Tianhu!
The loud collapse of the gate directly startled Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, the two of them originally wanted to come out and take a look, but they saw the gate suddenly collapse!
“Qin Feng?” Gu Ling’er couldn’t help but exclaim after seeing Qin Feng who had a cold smile on his face!
Su Yuqi also saw that Qin Feng at this moment, and her expression couldn’t help but tighten!
“Gu Ling’er, I didn’t expect you to be here too, no wonder Uncle Wolf felt the aura of two women inside, I didn’t expect you to have degenerated into that Chen Ping’s plaything!”
Qin Feng said as he looked at Gu Ling’er with a look of contempt.
When Gu Ling’er heard that, her face immediately flushed red, and then she said angrily, “Qin Feng, you b*****d, what are you babbling about? If I had known this, I should have let Chen Ping stomp you to death in the first place!”
Gu Ling’er’s words immediately caused Qin Feng to burst into a rage, as the youngest master of the Qin family, this was the shame of his life, and now Gu Ling’er had uncovered his scars directly in front of everyone!
“Humph, tell that Chen Ping to get out, today I’m here to break him into pieces!”
Qin Feng roared!
“Qin Feng, with those two skills of yours, you still want to kill Chen Ping? Have you forgotten how you were on the ground begging for mercy some time ago?”
Gu Ling’er was still stimulating Qin Feng with her words, just now, Qin Feng’s words about being a plaything had made Gu Ling’er completely furious!
“Ah …… I’m going to capture you two and give you a good taste of lust and death, then I’ll show you if I can kill that Chen Ping!”
Qin Feng hissed and said to his men, “Grab those two women here, don’t get them killed!”
The four Qin Clan experts nodded once, before leaping towards Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er!
“Stop them, we must not let them hurt Miss Su!”
Seeing this, Red Phoenix roared out in anger and headed directly towards those four Qin Family experts!
Dozens of guards, too, flashed their weapons and directly protected Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er as many of them began to attack towards those four Qin Clan experts!
Lin Tianhu also rose to his feet at this moment, gritting his teeth and charging up with his sword!