Chen Ping smiled faintly and did not blame these holy maidens, he knew that after this time, these holy maidens would not be questioning him!
“All go and have a good rest, we will be leaving tomorrow, all I can do is to try my best to protect you, but the polar regions are treacherous, no one knows what will happen, so everything will still depend on you, and in the future, the development of the Guanghan Palace will need you as well.”
Chen Ping said to the many Saint Maidens!
“I am honoured to follow Mr Chen’s teachings!”
Bing Lu brought the holy maidens all to rest!
“Look at you just dawdling, what are you thinking about?”
The Palace Master asked after the Sacred Maidens had all left!
When Chen Ping saw the Palace Master ask this, his face suddenly turned red, he had peeked at the Palace Master at the beginning.
“I was …… I was looking at the moon and dawdling, people are born, grow old, get sick and die because of the passage of time, but it’s hard for us to see the passage of time, after all, it takes decades to change from birth to old age and death.”
“Cultivators like us, then we can’t even see the time change, it’s easy to live for hundreds of years, even after a hundred years, the appearance doesn’t necessarily change.”
“But I just looked at that moonlight, but I can clearly feel the time change, because every minute and every second, the position of the moonlight is changing, and this moonlight change is the time is changing.”
“Although I understand the reasoning behind it, it is difficult to sense the Dao of Time Origin ……”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
“You’re only in the Transition Realm, wanting to perceive the Time Origin, you’re really going crazy, but the fact that you can say these words proves that you have indeed begun to have a preliminary understanding of the Time Origin.”
The Palace Master felt a little surprised when he heard Chen Ping’s words, Chen Ping was only in the Transition Realm, yet he had already begun to think about the issue of Time Origin!
“Palace Master, do you …… you sense the time origin?”
Seeing the Palace Lord say this, Chen Ping asked!
If the Palace Master had perceived the Time Origin, then Chen Ping could ask for some guidance, it was much better than thinking blindly like this himself!
The Palace Master laughed and shook his head in a hurry “I have only perceived the Origin of Ice, the other Origins have yet to be perceived, where to perceive the Origin of Time, the perception of the Origin of Time, unlike other Origins, this is something that requires one to personally experience life and death, and experience the Dao Rhyme of Life and Death, that way one can perceive the Origin of Time more quickly.”
“Life and Death?The Dao Rhythm of Life and Death?”
Chen Ping fell into deep thought, the Palace Master’s words were somewhat profound, Chen Ping was still somewhat unable to understand them for a while!
“Alright, don’t think about this, when you have more experience and your realm is a little higher, perhaps you will understand.”
“We will be departing tomorrow, you should also rest well, you have to be wary of that Mu Family making a move on you.”
The Palace Master reminded Chen Ping!
“Good, I will pay attention!”
Chen Ping nodded his head!
The Palace Master turned around and left, while Chen Ping was still pondering over the Palace Master’s words!
“Kid, seeing that you have good qualifications, you are actually stupid enough, you must truly understand life and death in order to truly perceive the origin of time, the change of life and death is actually the flow of time, life and death is the result, time is the rule!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke at this time!
“Results, rules?”
A light burst out blankly from Chen Ping’s eyes, as if a beam of sunlight shone in amidst a thick fog!
Chen Ping seemed enlightened!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was worthy of being from the Nine Heavens, and in a single sentence, he had nailed Chen Ping through!
The change in the position of the moonlight was the result, and time was the rule!
The transformation of the seasons of the year was the result, and time was the rule!
Human life and death is the result, and time is the rule!
Time manifested itself on top of every item and the results obtained were different, but they were all abiding by the rules of time!
“Senior, thank you ……”
Chen Ping suddenly laughed!