After hearing this, Mr. Shi couldn’t help but sigh, “A ten thousand year old He Shou Wu only allowed you to be promoted to the eighth grade Grand Martial Marquis, I really don’t know how you should cultivate in the future, I’m afraid that even if all the resources are given to you, it will be hard to break through to Martial Saint!”
“It seems like it’s time for you to go for a walk in the secret realm, that way you can improve your strength.”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, “Mr. Shi also knows about the secret realm?”
Seeing that expression on Chen Ping’s face, Mr. Shi suddenly smiled, “What I know is far more than what you can see ……”
“Then does Mr. Shi know where all the secret realms around Kyoto are?”
Chen Ping hurriedly asked, because Su Yuqi was imprisoned in a secret realm, so Chen Ping had to find the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect and save Su Yuqi!
“There are as many secret realms as there are oxen, just around Kyoto alone there are hundreds of them, how could I possibly know where they all are.”
Mr. Shi replied.
When Chen Ping heard this, he rushed to be surprised: “Mr. Shi, aren’t there eight great mysterious realms, and some smaller ones? There would be so many secret realms around Kyoto alone?”
Chen Ping had never dared to think how so many secret realms could suddenly appear!
“What you know are only some of the larger secret realms that still have people living in them, and some of them are already masterless secret realms, where the people in the secret realms have died, and they become masterless secret realms!”
“But although the people are dead, the resources in the mysterious realms exist though, so many masterless mysterious realms have also become a place of contention for some of the big clans, only that these mysterious realms are hard to find.”
Mr Shi explained.
“Masterless secret realms? Does that mean that whoever finds it will own it?”
Chen Ping asked with fiery eyes.
If that was the case, then if Chen Ping found a masterless secret realm, he could move the Dragon Gate, or even the Red Lotus Palace, into it, and it would be his own side of the world!
And Chen Ping would then become the true master of this world!
But Chen Ping was enjoying himself when Mr. Shi threw a pot of cold water on him!
“Theoretically, whoever finds it will be the one to blame, but it is very difficult to find the Masterless Secret Realm, after all, no one has entered or left it for years, so there is not a single trace of it.
“And even if you find the Masterless Secret Realm and become its owner, can you keep it? If the other great clans find out about it, they will drive you away.”
“When you don’t have the ability, even if you are given a secret realm, you won’t be able to keep it!”
Mr Shi said.
After hearing this, Chen Ping fell into deep thought, no wonder the Demon Spirit Sect rarely let people in and out of the sect’s secret realm, and would only send people out of the secret realm if they really had to!
This was to protect themselves from being discovered where the secret realm was accessed.
If the clans of the eight secret realms knew where the Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm was, they would probably have fought on their doorstep!
The secret realm is the land, and which of those clans would not want more land!
But Chen Ping’s desire for the secret realm was already extremely strong at this time, if he was in the secret realm, he would be able to cultivate normally!
If he was in the Secret Realm, he would be able to cultivate normally, and he wouldn’t have to worry about the people around him being in danger.
At this moment, Chen Ping still didn’t know that he could travel to the eight mysterious realms at will with a single 90,000-mile mountain and river map, so he didn’t need to find a mysterious realm!
“Mr. Shi, let’s talk about the secret realms later, this time Captain Xing was injured by those guys from the island, what are you going to do?”
Chen Ping asked.
“What else can I do? Kill …… of course.”
“Only to let that Kawaguchi Kazuo get away, but he will definitely come looking for you, so let me remind you to be careful, and this kid is already at the peak of Great Martial Marquis strength and will soon break through to Martial Saint.”
Mr. Shi barked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded, “Alright, I will pay attention, besides I will inform Elder Xu of the Pill God Valley to personally come and heal Captain Xing, I will not let Captain Xing lose his strength and become crippled.”
“Good, this is also the second thing I came to you to say, you go and do it right away!”
Shi said with a wave of his hand!