The Martial Alliance Hall!
Many of the people in charge of the clans and families had already arrived and were then talking to each other, some sipping tea with expressionless faces!
Everyone didn’t seem to have much expectation for this alliance meeting, and was even a little bored!
During this period of time, the alliance meetings had been held far too often, and every time they talked about something irrelevant.
These people are getting bored!
“Alliance Master Zhu has arrived ……”
With a loud shout, Zhu Zhishan slowly walked into the hall!
And all the people shut their mouths and sat down in their respective seats!
Zhu Zhishan sat down on the main seat, and then swept a glance to the sides, but did not find anyone from the Long family, which made Zhu Zhishan just stare!
Since Long Xiao hadn’t arrived, Zhu Zhishan didn’t dare to call the meeting to order!
So the crowd just sat there, quietly waiting!
Soon, half an hour pa*sed and there was still no sign of the Long family, and many people began to get a little impatient.
“Master Zhu, what are we waiting for? I see that everyone has already arrived, so what’s the matter, just hurry up and say it?”
Someone said discontentedly to Zhu Zhishan.
“Master Liu, let’s wait a little longer, wait a little longer ……”
Zhu Zhishan said to the person who had risen in dissatisfaction.
“Humph ……”
That Liu Family Master snorted coldly and could only sit back down again.
This Liu family master had a strong aura, he had obviously reached the late Martial Marquis realm, otherwise he wouldn’t dare to speak to Zhu Zhishan like that!
Another ten minutes pa*sed, and Long Xiao still hadn’t appeared!
“Lord Zhu, what exactly are we waiting for? If we continue to wait like this, I, someone Liu, will not have the time to accompany us ……”
Clan Master Liu was a little angry.
“Right, I don’t have time to spend here either.”
“If you have something to say, just hurry up and say it, what kind of big shot has to wait so long.”
The crowd was also becoming discontented.
Zhu Zhishan frowned tightly as cold sweat broke out on his forehead!
“Master of the Liu family, I’m waiting for the Long family to arrive, but the Long family is late ……”
Zhu Zhishan said to the Liu Family Master.
“The Dragon Family’s people?” The Liu family head was stunned, “These few meetings, no one from the Long family has been invited, besides is that Long Jingguo still worthy of attending the meeting now?”
The Liu family head was very dissatisfied and yelled loudly.
“If I’m not worthy, are you?”
Just then, Long Jingguo slowly walked in, and behind Long Jingguo, followed by Long Xiao who was dressed in black robes!
Seeing that Long Xiao had arrived, Zhu Zhishan then let out a sigh of relief!
When that Liu family master saw Long Jingguo walk in and was covered in anger, he immediately sneered, “Long Jingguo, I didn’t expect you to still be so arrogant, now your Long family is long gone from back then.”
“Here, there is no longer any place for you to speak, if you are sensible, then get out quickly ……”
Long Jingguo’s face turned red with anger as he stared deadly at that Liu family head!
“Say your words again?”
At this moment, Long Xiao slowly stepped forward with a murderous aura, and a cold aura flashed in his eyes!
“Long Xiao, when our elders speak, there is no place for you juniors to interrupt, uneducated thing ……”
The Liu family head scolded angrily at Long Xiao.
“Hmph, don’t know how to live and die ……”
Long Xiao’s face was cold, followed by a light snort!
Long Xiao’s figure then instantly disappeared from the spot, followed by a clear and crisp sound.
Only to see that Liu Family Master’s body rise up in mid-air, a deep five-finger mark on his face!
The Liu Family Master covered his face, his eyes filled with incredulity!
“Good boy, you dare to sneak attack me ……”
The Liu Family Master was furious, his deep breath exploding instantly!
The Liu Family Master leapt up and went straight for Long Xiao.
In front of so many people, being slapped by a junior like Long Xiao, this Liu Family Master was not going to be able to hold his face!
“Gryphons ……”
Facing the Liu Family Master, Long Xiao let out a cold snort, followed by a flick of his palm, that Liu Family Master’s body gave a lurch, followed by a heavy blow, his body fell heavily to the ground!