“Something that doesn’t know how to die ……”
Elder Mu looked at Chen Ping, who had become an ice sculpture, and said with a cold snort!
The others looked at Chen Ping with a sigh!
“I didn’t realise that a third rank in the Transitional Apparition realm could explode with such power, it’s just a pity that he didn’t have the self-knowledge to end up in this state.”
“That Elder Mu is a peak powerhouse of the Transitional Apparition Realm, how did he, a Transitional Apparition Realm Third Grade, dare to follow Elder Mu and make a move?”
“He really is a newborn calf who is not afraid of tigers, he thought that he was invincible, but he didn’t realise that there are mountains beyond mountains and people beyond people.”
The many cultivators appreciated Chen Ping’s courage, but laughed at him for killing!
Using the third rank of the Transition Realm strength to fight against a peak Transition Realm powerhouse, what was this doing if not looking for death?
Even Lan Yingying was looking at Chen Ping, who had turned into an ice sculpture, with a face full of incredulity!
She also did not understand what this Chen Ping was thinking, was he really not afraid of death?
Just as these people were pointing at Chen Ping, no one had noticed that a trace of flame had flickered up in front of Chen Ping’s chest!
This was the fire origin within Chen Ping’s body working desperately!
The Origin Star flickered with light, radiating almost all of its Origin power!
The flames grew bigger and bigger, and those cold ice that Chen Ping was wrapped in, began to slowly melt away!
The Supreme Flame scorched the cold ice, emitting gusts of steam that instantly filled the heavens and earth!
Chen Ping’s figure also became hidden under the steam!
The crowd that saw this scene were all stunned, they did not expect Chen Ping to be still alive under Elder Mu’s ice seal and still be able to melt the cold ice with the Supreme Fire!
Elder Mu was also stunned, then frowned slightly and said “Surprisingly, he knows fire techniques, no wonder he is so arrogant.”
“Don’t think that a mere to fire can melt my cold ice, I’ll let you see what I’m truly capable of!”
Elder Mu was not in a hurry, his palm gently grasped, and the cold air in the sky directly condensed towards Elder Mu!
When Chen Ping saw this scene, his heart was instantly ashen inside!
He had spelled out all of his Fire Origin Power in order to slowly melt the cold ice around his body!
But now that Elder Mu was actually going to strike again, and it looked like this time the strike was even more tyrannical!
Chen Ping was afraid, he knew that it was impossible for him to resist this strike!
Everyone knew that even if Chen Ping hadn’t died just now, but with this strike, he would definitely die!
“Kid, you’re afraid that you won’t be able to resist this strike, I didn’t expect that a mere peak of the Transition Realm would put old me in a desperate situation.”
“If I had known that you were also such a waste, I wouldn’t have hosted in your sea of consciousness.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said with some regret!
At this time now, it was useless to speak words of regret!
“Senior, I’m so sorry to have put you in harm’s way as well!”
Chen Ping said guiltily!
“Do you need to use the old me, to use the body of the remnant soul to block it for you? That way you should be fine, but it’s hard to say whether or not I’ll still be able to stay in this world!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch intended to sacrifice himself in exchange for Chen Ping’s safety!
After all, he was only a wisp of a divine soul, and after leaving his host, his own strength had greatly decreased, and if he was attacked, he would surely go up in smoke!
“Senior, I appreciate your good intentions, but we can’t give up until the end, there might be a turnaround!”
Chen Ping persuaded the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, but he himself was prepared to die!
“Stop ……”
Seeing that Elder Mu was about to slap his palm towards Chen Ping, a delicate cry rang out!
Elder Mu stopped his hand and looked, the whole person was in stagnation, only to see that the entire inside and outside of the Guanghan Palace had become incredibly cold!
And within ten miles or so, snowflakes drifted down, and the sound of the whistling wind was like the cries of ghosts and wolves!
All the cultivators only felt terribly cold all over their bodies and couldn’t help but retreat towards the distance.