Zhong Sense was also a loose cultivator and had been in Yongle City, so he still knew something about this sea!
Everyone was silent when they heard what Zhong Mei said!
Chen Wenliang, on the other hand, was frowning, ”Then what should we do? Are we just going to watch Su Tianshuo and the others escape and we’re not going to chase after them?”
“I don’t think we can just go back first, these guys will return to the Western Continent sooner or later.”
Zhen Yuandao had the intention to retreat.
“I think it’s fine, quite a few of our Zhou Family’s children have been injured, we really don’t have the energy to chase after them.”
Zhou Qian also beat a retreat!
His own son was injured, and quite a few people from the Zhou Family were also seriously injured, so they had to go back and recuperate before they could do so!
At this time, if they went to catch up and encountered a storm, others had the ability to escape the storm, but their Zhou family had injuries, so they couldn’t escape!
“How can we let it go, Su Tianshuo these guys almost got us all killed, we must not let them go, otherwise we are letting the tiger return to the mountain, we must kill them.”
Some pill masters did not agree to go back, they must be pursued!
“Who knows what dangers are in that stormy sea, to go after them blindly like that would be reckless.”
There were pill masters who opposed the pursuit!
For a while, numerous pill masters were arguing, some wanted to chase, some didn’t!
The entire spirit boat was in chaos!
“Alright, everyone stop bickering and listen to Fellow Daoist Chen’s opinion!”
At this moment, Chen Wenliang roared out!
Everyone shut their mouths and looked at Chen Ping!
All of them knew Chen Ping’s strength along the way, and many of them had been saved by Chen Ping, so if Chen Ping said something, the crowd would definitely listen!
“These spirit boats of ours can act separately, if there are those who want to go back to the Western Region, they can go back.”
“Those who wish to pursue, can also do so, everyone chooses voluntarily, no one will be forced to do so.”
“Even those who go back have their own hardships, no one will look down on them, and everyone doesn’t need to have scruples!”
Chen Ping knew that going to that so-called stormy sea had a lot of unknown risks, and having a lot of people was not necessarily a good thing!
It was also possible to let some people go back, like those people from the Zhou Family, who did not have the slightest fighting ability at all, but also had to be taken care of, which would invariably lower the overall strength!
The crowd listened to Chen Ping’s words, and then silently began to stand in line, quickly splitting into two teams!
Zhou Qian and Zhen Yuandao returned to the Western Continent Continent with a portion of their people!
On the other hand, Chen Ping and Chen Wenliang continued to pursue with the remaining people, with the people from the Two Yi Sect, even if half of them were to leave, Chen Ping and the others would be more than enough to deal with those from Su Tianshuo!
Zhong Qi and Granny Zhen chose to stay behind, after all, Zhong Qi knew a little more about this sea than the others!
Chen Ping and the others continued to move forward and began to chase after Su Tianshuo and the others!
The spirit boat flew forward, stirring up waves!
After chasing them for an hour, they were getting closer and closer to Su Tianshuo’s spirit boat!
And the entire sky was clear, the sea rippled, where there was a hint of a storm!
“Pill Master Zhong, that stormy sea you spoke of, it should be this one, right, it looks like the winds and waves are calm, where is there a shadow of a storm?”
Chen Wenliang asked with great doubt!
“I’ve only heard about it, I haven’t seen a storm, but we can’t take it lightly, I’ve heard that storm is extremely violent.”
“There was once a spirit boat, carrying hundreds of Ferrying Realm cultivators, that was instantly torn apart by the storm, all the cultivators survived without a single life, not even their corpses could be seen.”
“Since there are such rumours, on top of the fact that Su Tianshuo and the others keep coming in this direction, this stormy sea area definitely exists.”
Zhong Mei wasn’t as relaxed as the others, but said with a grave expression on his face!
When the crowd heard Zhong Yi say this, they all tightened their expressions as well!