The others looked on with confused faces, unable to understand what the relationship between these families was, how could you help him and he help you, all looking confused.
Also confused were Ning Zhi and Song Qingping, who were hiding in the shadows!
“Lord Demon Amba*sador, what is the relationship between this Chen Ping and the Jiang family? And this Zheng Anguo, why is he risking so much to help that Chen Ping too?”
“And that Zhu family and Hong family, it doesn’t seem like they’re running after the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu.”
Song Qingping asked in a small voice to Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi frowned slightly, and his eyes were also filled with doubts.
He didn’t know the identity of Chen Ping’s Heavenly Dragon Hall Master, much less that the Ge family of the Secret Realm was a hall of the Heavenly Dragon Hall!
The Jiang family, on the other hand, was the spokesperson of the Tian Luo House in the secular realm, and the Tian Luo House followed the Ge family in a very close relationship.
That was why Jiang Wu Ya, the head of the Heavenly Law Tower, had ordered the Jiang Family to help out if Chen Ping was in trouble!
It was impossible for Ning Zhi to know about such a complicated relationship.
There was one thing, however, that Ning Zhi had guessed, and that was the place that these few families would end up going to!
“Have all the arrangements been made for Penglai Island?”
Ning Zhi asked as he turned to Song Qingping.
“It’s been arranged, as long as that Chen Ping gets on the island, he’ll fall into our trap.”
Song Qingping nodded his head and said.
“Don’t be careless, these guys are probably all going to Penglai Island, and they must also know that the place of spiritual recovery is on Penglai Island!”
“That’s why they brought so many experts to Penglai Island, they also want to lay down ground on Penglai Island before the aura revives, so that they can have a place to stay in order to give their masters in the secret realm behind them!”
Ning Zhi said with a worried look on his face as his eyes gaped slightly.
“If that’s the case, then there will definitely be a bloodbath on Penglai Island, so will that fake relic we built be able to fool them and trap these people?”
Song Qingping asked worriedly.
“Let’s take a step and see, but this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu must be in Chen Ping’s hands, otherwise we won’t have a chance to get it.”
Ning Zhi said to Song Qingping.
If it was Zhu Hao who got his hands on the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, the Demon Spirit Sect wouldn’t stand a chance, they wouldn’t necessarily be able to snatch it if they openly took on the Zhu family, and the Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm would be exposed!
But if Chen Ping got his hands on it, with Zhou Jie by his side, as long as he fed Chen Ping the Dispersing Energy Water, then the 10,000-year He Shou Wu could be easily obtained.
“Good I’ll go back to the Demon Spirit Sect and call out for someone, if Chen Ping is undefeated, I’ll step in to help him, so he’ll be able to trust me even more.”
After Song Qingping finished speaking, he hurriedly left to shout for someone!
And at this moment, Chen Ping followed that Zhu Hao, still at sword point!
Meanwhile Jiang Wei looked angrily at Hong Qianjiu, and couldn’t make up his mind for a moment!
“Brother Jiang, thank you for your kindness, just watch from the side, I will handle this matter myself!”
Chen Ping said to Jiang Wei.
Jiang Wei could only nod helplessly and retreated to the side.
If he stepped in to help Chen Ping, then Hong Qianjiu would help Zhu Hao, and then it would be even more of a loss than a gain!
For a while, the two sides were in a stalemate, while that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu was still emitting a lustre, the sky was filled with dark clouds, and blue lightning was constantly streaking across the night sky!
But as time pa*sed, the light emitted by the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu began to fade, and the whole thing began to become more and more blurred, as if it was about to disappear!
“Bad, this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu is going to disappear ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly recalled what he had seen in that resource land of the Demon Spirit Sect!
At that time, the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu also looked like this, and then it slowly became transparent and finally disappeared completely!
Now look at this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, this is the appearance, it is estimated that in a short time, will disappear, as for where this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu goes back to after it disappears, Chen Ping can not know!