But before the smile on Feng Sihai’s face disappeared, he saw a trace of blood flowing from the corner of Ye Fengchun’s mouth, followed by a poof as he fell to the ground, motionless and without a sound!
Feng Sihai killed, and the smile on his face gradually froze, the whole person’s eyes were filled with horror!
“Mr. Chen spare my life …… Mr. Chen spare my life ……” Feng Sihai kneeled down with a poof: “Please Mr. Chen spare my life, I am willing to give all my name I will give everything I own to Mr. Chen, and leave Hongcheng and never appear again!”
Feng Sihai was trembling and scared to death, he felt like an ant that could be crushed to death at any time!
And that Liao Fei Xiong was even sitting on the ground at this moment, his whole body was dumbfounded, he endured his anger, he had always thought that by helping his master Feng Sihai to get helpers, he would not have to fear Chen Ping, but he did not expect this kind of result!
Originally, Chen Ping had wanted to get rid of Feng Sihai together, but after hearing Feng Sihai say so, Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, he was exactly in need of money, and this Feng Sihai must have quite a lot of property under his name!
“In that case, I will spare your life and get out of Hong Cheng!”
Chen Ping waved his hand!
Feng Sihai was like an amnesty, hurriedly kowtowing his head and ran out.
“Lin Tianhu, besides Feng Sihai, you can take over his property and that gang in the future!”
Chen Ping said to Lin Tianhu.
“Oh!” Lin Tianhu replied with a breathless voice!
It was obvious that Lin Tianhu had been hit hard, he had thought that he could be invincible with a single power pellet, but he had never thought that he would be cleaned up by a youngster.
Looking at Lin Tianhu’s appearance, Chen Ping patted him on the shoulder and laughed, “Don’t care, earn money well, and when I refine an even more powerful pill for you in the future, you are guaranteed to be invincible in battle!”
“Really?” Lin Tianhu was overjoyed!
“Of course it’s true, how could I lie to you, follow me well, our first priority is to make a large amount of money as soon as possible and then go to Yuncheng to purchase a batch of valuable medicinal materials!”
Chen Ping nodded and said.
“That’s not easy to say, we can just sell the Small Returning Pill, if we order out twenty pills at once today, that’s forty million to the account!”
Lin Tianhu said with an excited look on his face.
Chen Ping had actually seen it from behind, but his face wasn’t as excited as Lin Tianhu’s!
The price of two million for a Small Returning Pill, although it did not look low, was still far from enough, the money Chen Ping needed was billions, or even tens of billions, and it would be difficult to accumulate this wealth by selling Small Returning Pills.
Besides, Hongcheng is just a small city, rich people are ultimately in the minority, in the end the Little Returning Pill will definitely have a stagnant sale, to make big money, or to continue to promote the Little Returning Pill outwards!
“Hall Master, are you …… you not satisfied?”
Lin Tianhu saw that Chen Ping was not very happy, so he asked strangely.
“Hongcheng is ultimately a small city, to make big money, we still have to push the Little Returning Pill out!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
When Lin Tianhu heard this, he was a little embarra*sed, “Hall Master, I …… am not very good at business either, this promoting the Little Returning Dan outwardly will require professional operation to do so.”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you want to do.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he also knew that it was very difficult to launch the Xiao Yang Dan, to promote it on a large scale, it would be useless in trying to use methods like today!
“Right, the Su family is the richest in Hongcheng, and Mr. Su is a professional in business, why don’t you go and talk to Mr. Su?”
Lin Tianhu said with a sudden flash of light before his eyes!
Hearing Lin Tianhu mention Su Wenzong, Chen Ping also suddenly realized that he had really forgotten about his future old husband!
“You should still continue to be in charge of Hong Cheng’s Little Returning Pill, in addition the herbs should be prepared urgently, I’ll go to Su’s house to take a look!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and headed straight for the Su family!
In the Su family villa, Su Wenzong was playing Taijiquan inside the courtyard, business had reached his level, many things had professional people to do, Su Wenzong didn’t need to personally ask!