Ding Buzan was stunned, “Dragon Five, what’s wrong with you? Why have you lost all your kung fu?”
Long Wu smiled faintly, “Brother Ding San, I’m just an ordinary person now, this is why I came over, to bring Chen Ping here, so that you few can take care of him.”
“Long Wu, big brother told me, that’s why I came here to see, our brotherly affection, this is still a matter!”
Ding Bu San said and brought Long Wu and the others into the Valley of the Wicked.
When Ding BuDa saw that Long Wu and Chen Ping had arrived, he immediately ordered . A big feast was arranged.
“Long Wu, we, brothers, haven’t gotten together for twenty years ……”
Ding Dada said to Long Wu.
“Big brother, you guys are living more and more dashingly now, I’m just an ordinary guy now.”
Long Wu smiled somewhat despondently, then continued, “This time I came, I hope big brother can take good care of Chen Ping, this friendship, Long Wu I will never forget.”
“Long Wu, what are you talking about, Chen Ping is staying here with me, anyone who dares to come here and cause trouble will have to ask if I, Ding Bu Da, will do it.”
Ding Budai patted his chest and a*sured.
Long Wu’s eyes suddenly moistened, he did not expect that after so many years, the Valley of the Wicked would still treat him as a brother, and still help him so much and give him face.
But Long Wu did not know that Ding did not give such an a*surance because the Vicious Valley was originally a hall of the Heavenly Dragon Temple and was under Chen Ping’s command.
After eating at the Valley of the Wicked, Long Wu did not stay long and went back.
When Long Wu walked back, Ding Da Da told all the people to leave, then he himself took Ding Bu Er, Ding Bu San, Ding Bu San, and the four of them knelt in front of Chen Ping.
“The Valley of the Wicked, the Four Great Wicked Men, welcome the Lord of the Temple ……”
The four great villains knelt in unison to Chen Ping.
Such a scene, if other people were to see it, they would be shocked to death.
Chen Ping waved his hand, allowing the four great villains to all rise.
“Ding is not big, how strong is our Wicked Valley, now? Compared to the Kyoto Martial Alliance, do we have a fighting chance?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Ding Da Da.
Chen Ping wanted to see the strength of the Vicious Valley, and if he could use the strength of the Vicious Valley to save Su Yuqi, that would be fine.
After hearing this, Ding Da Da’s face changed slightly, “Hall Master, although our Vicious Valley is not bad in strength, it is still some distance behind the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance if we really want to follow it.”
“After all, besides the Martial Dao Alliance’s own strength, there are also numerous clans and families, if these clans and families were to join together, our Vicious Valley would have no power to fight back.”
If we only followed the Martial Alliance, the Vicious Valley would not be much worse off.
But when it came to a life-and-death situation, the Martial Alliance would unite with those sects and families, and then the Vicious Valley would not have the slightest chance of winning.
After hearing this, Chen Ping fell into silence. He also knew that if he followed the Martial Alliance to confront them, he would be confronting more than half of the clans and families in the entire Kyoto martial arts world.
Even if Chen Ping combined all the Heavenly Dragon Temple halls he had found, he would still not be a match for the Martial Alliance.
Chen Ping let out a long breath, he could still find a way to improve his strength as soon as possible, and then find a few more Heavenly Dragon Hall mouths before he could do so.
However, Chen Ping knew nothing about where the other Heavenly Dragon Hall mouths were, and all he could do now was to cultivate.
“Ding DaDa, find me a secluded and spacious place, I need to cultivate for a while, don’t let anyone disturb me during this time ……”
Chen Ping said to Ding Da Da.
“Hall Master, we have a place in Evil Valley, just …… just …………”
Ding Da Da wanted to say something but couldn’t.
“Just say what you have!” Chen Ping said.
“It’s just that our Wicked Valley barely deals with those clans and families, and after so many years, the resources within the valley are almost depleted, so I’m afraid that we can’t get much resources for the Hall Master to cultivate!”
Ding Da said with a shameful face.
When Chen Ping heard this, he burst out laughing.