Just after Gu Wentian arrived, Su Wenzong also arrived in a hurry with Su Yuqi behind him.
As soon as Su Yuqi arrived, she nervously checked Chen Ping’s body up and down, afraid that Chen Ping might be injured somewhere!
Seeing that all the dignified people in Hongcheng had come, Liao Fei Xiong didn’t even dare to breathe at this moment, his heart had long hated Xiao Lei!
Xiao Lei was completely dumbfounded, to say a Liao Fei Xiong and a Lin Tian Hu to Chen Ping respectful it is fine, after all, these people are gang forces, more martial, see Chen Ping high strength, show respect can also be justified!
But this Gu Wentian is a retired official, so it can be said that following Lin Tianhu and Liao Fei Xiong is not the same way, although Gu Wentian has retired, but the weight in Hongcheng is still very heavy, otherwise Gu Wentian held a banquet, almost all the rich merchants and magnates in Hongcheng went there!
Now this Gu Wentian is so respectful to Chen Ping, this is a bit unjustifiable, more so that Xiao Lei feels a face of confusion!
“What’s going on with this ……? Wasn’t it Chen Ping who had already been dumped by Su Yuqi? Hasn’t he already moved out of the Pan Long Bay villa? All of them have already worked as a salesman, how come this Su Yuqi is still so nervous about that Chen Ping?”
Geng Shanshan was hiding behind Xiao Lei, looking at what was happening in front of her, and her whole face was also dumbfounded!
When Su Yuqi heard Geng Shanshan’s words, she walked over with a face full of atmosphere and went up and gave Geng Shanshan a slap, Geng Shanshan didn’t dare to fight back even after being slapped, and that Xiao Lei even didn’t move, all at this point, where did Xiao Lei dare to move!
“b*tch, it’s good that you left Chen Ping, otherwise with your appearance, you would only be a disgrace to Chen Ping, it seems that God is fair to let you b*tchy men and b*tchy women make a pair ……”
Su Yuqi said to Geng Shanshan with a face full of contempt!
Geng Shanshan and also that Xiao Lei were said to be red in the face, but no one dared to say anything back!
“Mr. Chen, what about these two people?”
Lin Tianhu pointed at Xiao Lei and Geng Shanshan and asked Chen Ping.
Seeing Lin Tianhu ask this, Xiao Lei’s and Geng Shanshan’s legs went limp with fear and they almost didn’t fall to their knees, in this situation now, one word from Chen Ping and their lives would be lost!
“I beg Mr. Chen to be merciful and give my son a break this time ……”
Before Chen Ping could say anything, Xiao Yan unexpectedly rushed over, disregarding his status, and fell down on his knees directly in front of Chen Ping!
The Xiao family has strength is good, but at this time facing are all the dignified people of Hong City, no matter which one stands out, can make their Xiao family lose their family, all to this time, Xiao Yan had to kneel!
Or else Xiao Lei’s life might not be saved, and the Xiao family’s foundation might have to be buried here!
“Dad …… you …… you ………… this is ……”
Xiao Lei was surprised to see his dad kneeling down directly to Chen Ping in front of everyone!
The Xiao family was a powerful family anyways, and Xiao Yan, as the head of the Xiao family, had actually knelt down for such a young man like Chen Ping!
“b*****d, why don’t you come over and kneel down for me ……”
Xiao Yan said as he pulled Xiao Lei hard before giving him a fierce slap!
The Xiao family father and son knelt in front of Chen Ping, while at this time behind them, Geng Shanshan’s entire body stared dumbfounded at what was happening in front of her, she couldn’t believe what she was seeing could be true, she didn’t dare and couldn’t believe it ……
“b*tch, it’s all because of you that you have caused my son, you still don’t give over to kneel down ……”
Xiao Yan got up and viciously kicked that Geng Shanshan, directly kicking that Geng Shanshan to the ground, making Geng Shanshan kneel down as well!
Looking at Xiao Yan’s lowly, sold-out appearance of begging for mercy, the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping took a step and left, Lin Tianhu and Gu Wentian and the others also led their people away!
Liao Feixiong also didn’t dare to stay any longer, and took all his injured members away as well, leaving Xiao’s father and son and Geng Shanshan on their knees at last!