“Cough cough cough …………”
Qin Xiaotian coughed violently, followed by another mouthful of blood spurting out.
Qin Xiaoxian hurriedly punched a strong qi into Qin Xiaotian’s body, which helped him to control his injury.
“D*mn, just now I saw you as a little girl and didn’t use my full strength, you even put a black hand on me, I’ll kill you …………”
Qin Xiaotian was anxious, he was a middle-aged uncle, but he was injured by a small child like Xiao Ru, this was too humiliating.
Just when Qin Xiaotian was about to find Xiao Ru to strike again, that Zhao Beng hurriedly blocked Xiao Ru’s body.
“Put your foul mouth on me, a big old man, injured by someone else’s little girl, you still have the face to shout, believe it or not I’ll tear your mouth apart ……”
Zhao Beng had a gloomy face as he cursed angrily at Qin Xiaotian.
Qin Xiaotian was also in the midst of his anger, and when he saw Zhao Barging verbally abusing him like that, he became furious: “What the f*ck are you, just a small sect master, I can crush you to death with one finger, what the f*ck Shadowless Villa, I’ve never heard of it ……”
Qin Xiaoxian on the side saw Qin Xiaotian cursing up after Zhao Barging, and his eyebrows suddenly frowned.
When Zhao Barging saw that this Qin Xiaotian dared to scold himself, his eyes were full of murderous aura, and with a wave of his hand, several of his men immediately surrounded him.
At this moment, the two groups of people went toe to toe and a great battle was about to break out, the atmosphere at the scene was very depressing.
“Sir Zhao, my brother was also in a moment of impatience and his mouth was incoherent, I will apologize to Sir Zhao on his behalf, but I also hope that Sir Zhao will not stop us from taking revenge ……”
Qin Xiaoxian saw that both sides were about to fight, so he followed Zhao Beng to apologize.
“Bullsh*t, an apology and that’s it? Tell him to kneel down for me ……”
Zhao Barging did not accept Qin Xiaoxian’s apology at all.
Zhao Barging’s words instantly made Qin Xiaoxian’s face turn ugly.
“Sir Zhao, if you leave a thread, you will meet each other in the future, your Shadowless Villa is powerful, but our Qin family is not a vegetarian either ……”
A cold aura flashed in Qin Xiaoxian’s eyes.
Only, Qin Xiaoxian’s threat, instead of making Zhao Barging afraid, made him instantly jump like a thunderstorm!
“Your Qin family is not a bird, is it a vegetarian, let’s see the real thing with our fists and feet ……” Zhao Barging finished, waved his hand at his men and said, “You guys go on, let this bunch of guys who don’t know what’s good and bad, taste our Shadowless Villa’s greatness ……”
Zhao Zhaogao finished speaking, but he himself quickly retreated backwards, just his little sect master’s strength, afraid that before he could make a move, he would be crushed to the ground by the other party’s breath.
When Qin Xiaoxian saw that a strike was already inevitable, he ordered, “Protect the old third ……”
Immediately afterwards, Qin Xiaoxian’s aura surged, a terrifying pressure instantly enveloped a hundred meters around, as if he had reached the realm of Martial Sect ……
Sensing the aura on Qin Xiaoxian’s body, Zhao Beng’s face became unsightly.
He had come out secretly this time and hadn’t brought many experts with him, but now this Qin Xiaoxian was actually at the realm of Martial Sect.
If they really fought, they might not be their opponents, and it would be a big shame, especially in front of Xiao Ru.
This guy, Zhao Chuang, had just seen Xiao Ru fight, that valiant look, and really had some feelings, otherwise he would not be so protective of Xiao Ru.
At this moment, Zhao Barging looked at Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai with a look of help, after all, the men that these two men had brought with them were all Martial Arts experts.
As they watched, the men Zhao Barging had brought with him were struggling to hold on under Qin Xiaoxian’s pressure, and each of their faces turned pale.
Xuan Yuan Kai looked at Zhao Barging’s gaze that was asking for help, and finally gave a wink towards an old man beside himself.
He saw that old man nod, and then the clothes on his body were windless, followed by an aura rising up.