Su Yuqi originally thought that Chen Ping had escaped and was relieved to see that Chen Ping had unexpectedly turned back, and immediately said anxiously, “Chen Ping, you go quickly, leave me alone, they don’t dare to kill me ……”
Su Yuqi urged at Chen Ping, but there Chen Ping would not listen!
“Yuqi, I have to get you out today!”
Chen Ping said, he went straight forward, grabbed the iron cage with both hands and violently tried to break it off with force!
But just as Chen Ping was about to break the cage, a light suddenly shot out from the ground!
This light directly enveloped Chen Ping and Su Yuqi!
Immediately afterwards, dense runes appeared on the ground, these runes shone with light, then these runes floated up and surrounded Chen Ping and Su Yuqi!
“What is this thing?”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed.
He didn’t know what these were, and by the looks of it, they should be a kind of formation!
Just as Chen Ping and Su Yuqi wondered what this rune that had suddenly appeared was, the two discovered that a black hole had appeared beneath their feet!
It was as if the black hole had a suction force that was slowly dragging their bodies downwards!
Chen Ping was startled and fought to break free, but found that they couldn’t, it was like their feet were stuck in a mud puddle!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, you stupid b*****d, did you really think I was going to chase you?”
“I was deliberately dodging to give you the chance to save your girlfriend.”
“Now you’ve fallen for it, haven’t you? Just wait until you’re inside the dungeon with your girlfriend!”
“You’re still too young to fight me ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes were full of smugness and rage!
Chen Ping stared deadly at Ning Zhi, his eyes full of anger, but no matter how hard he tried, there was no way to get out of the black hole beneath his feet!
Chen Ping and Su Yuqi slowly sank downwards like this.
“Why, why are you so stupid, now that you’ve been caught too, is it worth it?”
Su Yuqi reached out through the iron cage and gently stroked Chen Ping’s face!
“It’s worth it, even if it means dying, as long as I can die by your side, it’s worth it ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with tenderness as he gripped Su Yuqi’s hand tightly!
Two people, who hadn’t touched each other for a long time!
The two people, who had not touched each other for a long time, felt each other’s temperature, and Chen Ping’s heart was not even a trace of fear!
Looking at Chen Ping and Su Yuqi, Ning Zhi’s eyes were fierce: “Chen Ping, I will separate you from your girlfriend, even in hell, you will never see each other again!”
Chen Ping ignored Ning Zhi, he held onto Su Yuqi’s hand and enjoyed this last beautiful moment!
Soon, Chen Ping and Su Yuqi sank down to their chests, and it wouldn’t take long for the two to fall into the dungeon!
Ning Zhi watched from a short distance away, his eyes filled with satisfaction!
He had finally been able to avenge his family!
Chen Ping, had always been a nightmare in his heart, but after today, he would never have a nightmare again.
But just as Ning Zhi was about to watch Chen Ping fall into the dungeon, a figure suddenly flashed past him!
When Ning Zhi was fixing his eyes, he found that at some point, Ge Yuhan, who had been standing dumbfounded, was already standing on Chen Ping’s side.
Ge Yuhan’s body was also in the middle of the formation, but her body did not sink!
Ge Yuhan stretched out her hand and pulled Chen Ping with a gentle toss, throwing him out!
Chen Ping was overjoyed and shouted in a panic, “Yu Han, quick, pull my girlfriend on, hurry up and pull her on ……”
But no matter how Chen Ping shouted, Ge Yu Han did not move, Chen Ping could only end up watching as Su Yu Qi ended up falling into the dungeon!
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping roared out in anger and resignation, this was the closest he could get to Su Yuqi and had the best chance of saving her, but still failed!