Under Dong Liqun’s astonished gaze, the first steward stepped out of the car.
“What’s going on? Didn’t I tell you to leave?”
Dong Liqun shouted angrily at the butler.
However, that Dong Family’s grand butler did not pay attention to Dong Liqun, but walked up to Ning Zhi and said respectfully, “Young Master Ning, the Dong Family’s mother and son are in the car!”
Seeing that the great butler was actually treating Ning Zhi with respect, Dong Liqun instantly realised what was going on.
“You dare to betray me?”
Anger rose from Dong Liqun’s body, and immediately afterwards, he slapped a palm towards the grand butler.
“Uncle Dong, don’t get angry, have you forgotten that your wife and children are still in the car?”
“If there’s a real fight, I wouldn’t dare guarantee their safety.”
The corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted as he threatened Dong Liqun.
Dong Liqun raised his hand and gave it back.
His eyes were filled with anger as he glared at the Dong family’s great butler.
“Why, why did you betray me?”
Dong Liqun did not understand why the grand housekeeper, who had been with him for more than ten years, would betray himself.
“Master, the strength of the Ning Family now is long past the Dong Family’s ability to match, if you are following the Ning Family against them, you will only die.”
“Why don’t you follow the Ning family and cooperate, even if you become a va*sal of the Ning family, that is still better than losing your life!”
The first steward said shamelessly.
Dong Liqun’s face turned red with anger, but he did not say anything.
His wife and children were in Ning Zhi’s hands, so he didn’t dare to make any rash moves.
“Uncle Dong, all you have to do now is nod your head and promise to belong to my Ning family, and I will guarantee the safety of your wife and child.”
Ning Zhi looked at Dong Liqun smugly, he had already eaten up Dong Liqun.
He knew that Dong Liqun would definitely agree.
Dong Liqun looked at his wife and children in the car and finally sighed, nodding helplessly.
“You are indeed very tactful and better than your father, I am willing to listen to the Ning family, but you must ensure that my wife and child are safe.”
Dong Liqun said to Ning Zhi.
“Uncle Dong, don’t worry about that, I will definitely guarantee it, we are a family now in the future, how could I harm them!”
“But you know Dong Jiahao’s nature, in order to avoid conflicts and accidents when he wakes up, I’d better lock him up for a while first!”
“To show my sincerity, I’ll keep Auntie back!”
Ning Zhi finished, and then with a wave of his hand, someone pulled Dong Liqun’s wife out of the car.
“Let go of me, you guys let go of me ……”
Dong Liqun’s wife shouted.
“Let go!” Ning Zhi said.
Dong Liqun’s wife was put back and ran directly behind Dong Liqun to hide.
“Uncle Dong, I hope to see an announcement of your Dong family’s submission posted on the Martial Dao Forum tomorrow!”
Ning Zhi was full of triumph, and after he finished speaking, he led his men away.
“Son, let my son go ……”
Seeing her son being taken away, Dong Liqun’s wife desperately chased after him.
However, she was pulled back by Dong Liqun.
At this moment, Dong Liqun suddenly felt very helpless inside ……
Early the next morning!
On top of the martial arts forum, Dong Liqun posted an announcement!
It stated simply and clearly that the Dong Family became an affiliated family of the Ning Family, and that all things would be at the disposal of the Ning Family.
With this, the forum instantly exploded.
“The Ning Family, the Ning Family again, this Ning Family has been very high profile in recent days!”
“What’s going on? Hasn’t the Dong family followed the Ning family and been at odds?”
“Overnight, the Kyoto martial arts world is about to change, the major powers are about to reshuffle.”
“Let’s see, I guess the Martial Arts Union is going to sit down.”
There was a lot of chatter among the crowd.
However, the Martial Dao Alliance was surprisingly quiet, no one made a sound, and no one stepped forward to go after the Ning Family!
The Ning Family’s strength was allowed to continue to grow in this way.
Time flew by, and half a month had pa*sed in the blink of an eye!