At this moment, Chen Ping had also arrived outside this magnificent and intact mansion!
Only with a single glance, Chen Ping saw that the breaths within the mansion were like flowing water!
These breaths clung to the ground, and even if there was a breeze, these breaths would ripple!
However, these breaths were only within the mansion, and there seemed to be no way for them to spill out!
Chen Ping collected his breath and slowly walked in with his breath held!
Just as he stepped in, the aura within the mansion automatically separated to the two sides.
“Immortal Qi?”
Chen Ping was stunned when he entered the mansion!
The aura that flowed within this mansion was actually Immortal Aura, although there was only a thin layer of Immortal Aura on the ground, but this Immortal Aura was many times stronger than Spiritual Aura!
The reason why Mu Naiyi and the others entered the mansion and didn’t even notice the existence of Immortal Qi was that they simply couldn’t detect it, and there was no way to absorb and refine it!
Only when they ascended to become Immortals, the cultivation techniques within their bodies would transform and enhance by absorbing Immortal Qi!
Right now, the gong methods they cultivated could not absorb Immortal Qi at all!
Chen Ping was different, Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique was able to absorb everything!
“Kid, have you noticed that these Immortal Qi is flowing, that proves that there is a place where the Immortal Qi is flowing, that’s why it makes the Immortal Qi within this mansion exist all the time.”
“Otherwise after so many years have passed, just this thin layer of Immortal Qi would have been slowly consumed.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping.
“Not bad, I have also discovered that.”
Chen Ping nodded.
He had also discovered that the Immortal Qi within this mansion seemed to flow from somewhere, but exactly where, Chen Ping did not know right now.
Although Chen Ping very much wanted to absorb this Immortal Qi to cultivate at this moment, but that Mu Family’s crowd might be here as well, and Chen Ping did not want to be killed in an unknown manner while he was cultivating!
Forcibly resisting the urge to absorb it, Chen Ping carefully walked towards the mansion hall!
Chen Ping was very careful and had restrained his body’s aura to the extreme!
If one did not deliberately probe, one would not be able to detect where Chen Ping was at all!
However, just as Chen Ping approached the main hall, Mu Naiyi, who had been slightly closing her eyes and waiting for Mu Yao to learn the Immortal Law Inheritance, suddenly opened her eyes!
Mu Naiyi’s brows furrowed as she turned her head towards the outside of the great hall and found nothing!
But she clearly had a feeling that there seemed to be someone coming from outside!
“You two, go out and scout around, then stand guard outside, and once someone approaches, notify me immediately.”
Mu Nai Yi pointed at two Mu family members and said!
“Yes, Eldest Miss!” The two Mu family members walked out!
Mu Naiyi would never allow anyone to disturb at this time!
But just as the two Mu family members walked out, Chen Ping’s mind was also tightened, he knew that someone had come out!
But in the middle of this mansion compound, there was no hiding place at all!
Just when Chen Ping was about to be discovered, Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, and then he turned around and turned into that Mu Naiyi’s appearance!
Chen Ping tried his best to conceal his aura as much as possible, and it would be very difficult to detect it by just looking at his appearance!
And those two Mu family members walked out of the main hall and explored the mansion compound!
Chen Ping then went round behind the two men and coughed softly!
The two Mu family members were startled and hurriedly turned around, when they realised that it was Mu Naiyi, they hurriedly saluted and said “Eldest Miss, why have you come out, there is no one inside this courtyard, it has all been checked.”
“Very well, you guys pay more attention!”
Chen Ping nodded, pretending to be calm and said!
“Don’t worry Miss, we will definitely not allow anyone to come close, let Uncle Mu study that Immortal Law Inheritance properly, when our Mu Family practices Immortal Law, it will be something that no other family can compare to.”
A Mu family member said excitedly!