The Valley of the Wicked!
After killing those puppet corpses, Chen Ping rushed to Kyoto without stopping.
Whether he could succeed today or not, Chen Ping was going to give it a try, although Chen Ping himself did not hold much hope, but he had to do something, he could not watch Su Yuqi suffer inside!
At this time, inside the Martial Alliance, Zhu Zhishan’s eyes were slightly closed and his face was very ugly.
Seven puppet corpses, including four Martial Marquis strength, had failed to even kill Chen Ping.
“D*mn, dead people are dead people, no brains, wouldn’t they have f*cking done it when Chen Ping was alone?”
“To run to the Valley of Evil to do it, how f*cking stupid ……”
Zhu Zhishan cursed, but there was no way around it, the puppet corpses had no minds, how could they possibly think about that.
Beside Zhu Zhishan, several elders stood respectfully, not daring to say a word.
“You three should stop standing here and get lost, all of you are trash ……”
Zhu Zhishan was annoyed when he looked at these elders!
Now that Chen Ping had stepped into Martial Marquis, these few elders were no longer Chen Ping’s rivals, so Zhu Zhishan was annoyed just by looking at them!
The three elders didn’t dare to speak, so they bowed their heads and walked away in silence.
After walking out of the Martial Arts Union’s gate, the Grand Elder snorted coldly in anger.
“This is too much, at least the three of us are elders of the Martial Dao Alliance, treating us like this ……”
The Eldest Elder said atmospherically, clearly unhappy with Zhu Zhi Shan’s attitude.
“Big brother, forget it, who let us be less skilled than others, now that we have joined forces, we are no match for that Chen Ping.”
The second elder sighed.
“That Chen Ping is too terrifying, a few days ago that Chen Ping even asked me to bring a message to the Alliance Master that he was going to break into our Martial Dao Alliance alone!”
The Third Elder’s voice trembled, remembering that day when he faced Chen Ping alone, the Third Elder was scared.
“Hmph, that Chen Ping is simply out of his depth, thinking that if he kills Ning Hai, he will be invincible ……”
The second elder snorted coldly.
But just as the words were finished, the three elders instantly froze.
This was because they saw that Chen Ping was actually walking straight over right in front of their eyes.
Seeing Chen Ping walking over, the three Elders’ breathing became rapid, and the Second Elder, who had just been disdainful, was now trembling slightly in his body.
Chen Ping also spotted the three elders, but did not pay any attention to them.
Instead, he walked straight past them and headed straight for the Martial Alliance.
At this moment, in Chen Ping’s eyes, these three elders were already not enough to worry about!
Looking at Chen Ping, the three elders looked at each other, looking a bit at a loss for words!
The Second Elder suddenly wanted to speak up and call out to Chen Ping, but was pulled back by the Eldest Elder.
“Big brother, this Chen Ping is going to the Martial Alliance ……”
The Second Elder said.
“I’m not blind, I see it!”
The Eldest Elder glared at the Second Elder, “Let’s go, just pretend that you didn’t see him, do you want to go and be cannon fodder?”
Upon hearing this, the Second Elder shook his head in fear, and then the three elders pretended not to see Chen Ping and quickly left.
…………
The entrance to the Martial Alliance!
Two guards stood straight on either side, and these two guards alone were both at the Martial Sect realm!
You know a Martial Sect expert, in a small city, would be treated like an emperor from on high!
But here, he could only watch the gate!
And yet, these two Martial Patriarchs did whatever they could, because the cultivation resources they received from being able to enter the Martial Alliance were incomparable to those outside.
As their realms rose, they became more and more dependent on the cultivation resources, so they could only watch the gates at the Martial Dao Alliance!
“Just now all three elders were scolded, it seems that the Alliance Master is not happy this time, we must not mess with him ……”
One guard said to another guard.