Looking at Sikong Zhen’s appearance, Chen Ping knew that these were the ghosts of that Golden Silkworm Compass Poison!
Chen Ping did not expect that that Protector Gong had not even spared Sikong Zhen!
In the beginning, he had snubbed Sikong Zhen, just so that Sikong Zhen would stall Chen Ping so that he could use his means to release these Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison!
“Ah …………”
Sikong Zhen hissed, that expression looked very painful!
Soon, Sikong Zhen’s expression became more and more wooden, and in the end, his eyes became hollow and lifeless, and his entire person stood as if he was a walking corpse!
This was the symptom of Sikong Zhen’s divine soul being eaten away, the current Sikong Zhen was already a shell, and it wouldn’t be long before he became a meal in the mouth of the demonic beast!
Sikong Zhen had gone to great lengths to end up in such a situation! What’s this?
This can also be considered retribution!
Sikong Zhen’s mouth opened, and those poisonous insects crawled out from Sikong Zhen’s mouth, and the poisonous insects that had just come out were still able to see their shapes!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly shot out a ball of Supreme Flame, intending to use the Supreme Flame to burn these poisonous insects to death!
The Supreme Flame burned along with that Sikong Zhen’s body!
Soon, Sikong Zhen’s body was burnt to ashes, but those poisonous insects surprisingly did not suffer the slightest damage!
“Damn, there are still poisonous insects that aren’t afraid of the Supreme Flame, these Golden Silkworm Compass Poisons are too powerful.”
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only turn his head and run!
“Mr Chen, these Golden Silkworm Compound Poisons are ancient poisonous insects, nowadays there are very few people who are able to raise this kind of poisonous insects, if it wasn’t for that guy who was trying to save his life, he probably wouldn’t have released these Golden Silkworm Compound Poisons so quickly.”
Ochre Yan said!
Ochre Yan was right, at this moment the escaped Gong Guanfa, had long been in pain, these Golden Silkworm Compound Poison was his biggest dependence, and also his bottom card!
These undercards, even the people of the Soulless Hall didn’t know, in order to raise these Golden Silkworm Compass Poison, Protector Gong took a large amount of resources, not for his own strength enhancement, but for the purpose of raising these poisonous insects.
And the kind of pain that he experienced each time was not something that an ordinary person would be able to withstand!
The poisonous insects that Protector Gong had gone to great lengths to raise were all used on Chen Ping’s body, which caused Protector Gong to deplore, but there was nothing he could do about it!
The Golden Silkworm Compass Poison was once again dissolving in the void at this moment, and even if Chen Ping used his divine sense, he could not detect it at all!
Now if someone came here, 100% of them would be injured by the poisonous insects, and they would still be attacked by the poisonous insects without being aware of it!
The speed of the poisonous insects was very fast, Chen Ping could only desperately run away, and did not have the ability to chase after that Gong Guardian anymore!
“Ochre Amazing, is there no time for these Golden Silkworm Compass Poison to stop? They will keep attacking?”
Chen Ping did not understand, no matter how powerful these poisonous insects were, there was always a time when they would stop, right?
“As long as this Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison is released, then it must eat away at the Divine Soul until it is full, and then it will slowly stop, and then turn into a chrysalis, waiting to be reared by the next host.”
“If there is no one to feed them, these golden silkworm chrysalises will slowly disappear ……”
Ochre Yan explained after Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was instantly confused, letting these Golden Silkworm Compasses feed on them, what a joke!
Just as Chen Ping was desperately running away, Elder Miao came head on with his men!
They were afraid that Chen Ping was in some kind of danger, so they chased after him!
Seeing that Miao Lao and the others were actually coming towards his side, Chen Ping was shocked and hurriedly yelled “Don’t come over, run, run ……”
Miao Lao and the others froze and looked at Chen Ping at a loss!
They realised that there was nothing behind Chen Ping, yet Chen Ping was acting in a panic!
“Quickly run, quickly run ……”
Chen Ping saw that Miao Lao and the others were actually standing still, and once again, he shouted anxiously!
But it was already too late, Chen Ping was about to follow Miao Lao and the others to make peace!
If Chen Ping ran over, those Golden Silkworm Compound Poison would definitely follow along with him, and at that time, Miao Lao and the others would probably not be able to run away!