“I can, even if I spell out my life, I’ll protect Sixth Brother safely ……”
Ji Meiling said with a puff of air!
“Alright, all stop arguing, we’re all family, why be like this.”
“Second sister is on her own, it’s rather lonely, I’d better stay with her ……”
Ji Yun chose to follow Ji Meiling!
However, Ji Yun didn’t put words in his mouth, after all, the two of them, he and Ji Meiling, were not as strong as Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen, not to mention that they had a Qin Jingyu!
So by saying this, Ji Yun also temporarily made Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen have no animosity towards themselves, otherwise they would have been in trouble if they had gone bad within the ancestral land and laid their hands on him and Ji Meiling!
Ji Meizhen still wanted to say something, but was stopped by Ji Yue, and then said with a smile “Sixth brother, whoever you want to follow can do it, but when you encounter danger, you must call out to us in time ……”
“Many thanks second brother ……” Ji Yun nodded!
Ji Yue and the others left, everyone else also scattered and left, each looking for opportunities, there were only three days, no one dared to delay!
“Sixth brother, let’s go as well, there are many other resources in this Ancestral Ground besides the Unhelpful Origin, if we’re lucky, it would be good to find the Divine Weapons left behind by our ancestors.”
Ji Meiling said to Ji Yun!
Ji Yun nodded, and then followed Ji Meiling into the ancestral land as well!
…………
In the depths of the mountain pass, Chen Ping was still desperately fighting after those Origin Illusion Beasts.
Along with continuously killing those Origin Illusionary Beasts, Chen Ping also gradually gained a hint of enlightenment!
Chen Ping knew that he was not far from realising the Golden Origin!
However, Chen Ping’s body, at this moment, was also bruised and battered!
The difficulty of killing these Origin Illusionary Beasts with his physical body and fists alone was imaginable!
After killing another Origin Illusionary Beast, Chen Ping collapsed on the ground panting heavily, and the clothes on his body were tattered and torn!
There were even some clothes that did not cover the body, Ji Meiyan walked over to Chen Ping and looked at him with admiration in her eyes!
“If you are tired, rest for a while more, the ancestral land will be opened for several days, there is no need to be in a hurry ……”
Ji Meiyan advised Chen Ping!
“No, I need to sense the Golden Origin as soon as possible before I can do so!”
Chen Ping shook his head and struggled to stand up!
Only after comprehending the Golden Origin could Chen Ping begin to absorb the masterless Origin Breath, and the Illusion Origin, Thunder Origin, and Fire Origin in that body of his needed to be replenished with Origin Breath!
Chen Ping had to make the most of his time here, never wasting a single moment!
A good place like this was not something that could be encountered at any time!
Seeing that Chen Ping was so persistent, Ji Meiyan could not be in a position to stop him and could only follow behind!
At the same time, at the entrance of this mountain pass, Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen and that Qin Jingyu also walked in!
This mountain pass has the most Origin Mirage Beasts inside, so many Ji Family children will not come in, after all, they have not opened the Origin Space, and it is useless to come in!
However, this Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen had accompanied Qin Jingyu!
“Prince Qin, most of the Origin Phantasmal Beasts here are predominantly Gold Origin, so your chances of sensing the Gold Origin will be high.”
Ji Yue said to Qin Jingyu!
“Prince Qin, but this Origin Illusion Beast, you need to use the power of your physical body to kill it, you can’t use arts and techniques as well as divine weapons, so that you can perceive the Gold Origin the fastest.”
“Only, it will be a bit dangerous if you do that, and you have to have a strong physical body in order to resist the attacks of those Origin Illusion Beasts.”
Ji Meizhen said to Qin Jingyu!
“Hahaha, my Giant Barbarian Palace clan, perhaps our arts are no match for others, but in terms of physical body, who can compare to our barbarian clan?”
“We’ve been tempering our physical bodies since we were young, even if I don’t move a muscle right now, ordinary weapons won’t be able to hurt me.”
Qin Jingyu laughed out loud, this was simply child’s play for him!