But they can only go with their heads in the face of danger, they can only follow orders now, to the Martial Alliance, they are just puppets trained by the Martial Alliance!
There will be a steady stream of people to replace them later, they are pawns and can be discarded at any time.
………………
On the vast sea!
A speedboat was floating on it, and on top of the speedboat sat four people, none other than the four Xu Song!
Looking at the bottomless sea, the four men’s faces were incomparably grave, they knew better than anyone that this was a mission of nine deaths.
Otherwise, other clans and families would have secretly sent people to collect the beast pellets, after all, the resources of these beast pellets were very tempting.
It was only because it was too treacherous that no one had come to take the risk.
“Alright, it’s time for us to go down, if we can come back alive this time, I believe that the Alliance Master will not treat us badly ……”
Xu Song finished and swallowed a mouthful of the water avoidance pearl, with the water avoidance pearl, they would be able to stay at the bottom of the sea for some more time!
Pfft, pfft …………
The four of them quickly piled into the water and swam towards the bottom of the sea!
And at this time, within the City of Ultimate Bliss, a golden light appeared on Chen Ping’s body, and endless auras were tumbling throughout the entire City of Ultimate Bliss.
A breakthrough, Chen Ping had broken through once more, the strength of the Third Realm of the Firstborn, making Chen Ping personally look, even more, a touch more immortal!
“Phew, finally a breakthrough, and I wonder what time it is ……”
Chen Ping exhaled a long breath.
He had long since lost the concept of time here, and had no idea how long had pa*sed.
“It’s time to leave, but how do I get out of here?”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed.
This place was in the ocean, and if there was no boat, Chen Ping’s current strength would make it difficult for him to return to land, as the distance was simply too far.
Plus, there would definitely be demonic beasts attacking along the way, and without a boat, it would be as difficult as climbing back to land ……
Just when Chen Ping was having a hard time, suddenly several auras were sensed by Chen Ping.
“Someone?”
Chen Ping was astonished, not understanding how anyone could be here at this time.
Still, Chen Ping hid, wanting to see who it was.
Soon, the four figures of Xu Song appeared, and looking at the intact Extreme Bliss City, the four men fell into shock.
“This City of Ultimate Bliss actually still exists, it has not collapsed ……”
Someone said loudly in excitement.
If the Extreme Bliss City hadn’t collapsed, then it would be much easier for them to take the beast pills, and there wouldn’t be too much danger.
“It’s really strange, the Locked Dragon Island has sunk, but I didn’t expect this Extreme Bliss City to have not collapsed yet, I just don’t know if that Chen Ping has died.”
When Xu Song saw that the Extreme Bliss City had not collapsed, the first thing that came to mind was Chen Ping.
“It’s been almost two months, that Chen Ping must have died long ago, it’s so far from land, if there were no boats, that Chen Ping wouldn’t have survived at all ……”
Someone said.
“Go in later, we’ll all be careful, I always have a bad feeling, after we take the beast pills, we’ll leave quickly ……”
Xu Song finished speaking and led the men into the City of Ultimate Bliss!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, who was hiding, listened to the conversation of several people, and only then did he realize that he had stayed for more than a month, and in this way, the Spring Festival had long since pa*sed.
And it looked like the outside world had long since thought that he was dead, so this would be good for Chen Ping, by then he would be in the dark, and the Martial Alliance would be in the light, and he could do as he pleased much of the time!
Soon, the four of them entered the City of Ultimate Bliss, but looking at the empty City of Ultimate Bliss, the four of them were dumbfounded.
Where was there any beast pellet left, apart from some ruined walls, not even a single beast pellet could be found.
“What’s this …… going on?”
Someone asked with a surprised face.