Second Master, it’s not good, it’s not good, the Second Elder brought someone to control those outsiders, and they were captured, and all four formation masters were killed.”
Sheng Tiantai was preparing to sleep inside his room when he suddenly heard a report!
Hearing this, Sheng Tiantai frowned and hurriedly got up!
“What’s going on? Isn’t there a spell formation around that Sheng Jiahui’s room? And how did those people get out?”
Sheng Tiantai asked with great surprise!
“That one called Chen Ping is surprisingly also a formation expert, the formation we didn’t want was easily broken by him.”
“There’s also that Fox Emperor’s daughter, with a seventh grade cultivation in the Transition Realm, the Second Elder plus the four formation masters are no match for her.”
“Right now, Sheng Jiahui has brought a few people and is coming towards your side, what do we do?”
The visitor asked in some panic!
“Don’t panic, the momentum is now set, even a few of them can’t change anything.”
“I’ll give you the Sheng Family token now, so head to Ye City right away and give the item to Ye Liancheng, and say that my Sheng Family has agreed to join the Demon Sealing Alliance as a rudder.”
“Also have him bring someone to personally make a trip to the Sheng Family and say that our Sheng Family’s resources are willing to follow the Ye Family and share them!”
Sheng Tiantai took out a storage bag and handed it over to his men and instructed them!
The henchman glanced at it, then nodded and quickly left!
After the henchman left, Sheng Tiantai didn’t stay idle, but took out a small porcelain bottle from the bed and poured out some red powder!
Then using this red powder, he spent a talisman directly on the yellow paper!
After drawing it, Sheng Tian Tai put the talisman into his pocket, then walked out of the room and said to a Sheng family member “Go and gather all Sheng family members to the hall to deliberate ……”
“Second Master, is something big happening? Gathering all the people at this late hour?”
That Sheng family member asked with some confusion!
“What’s the point of all that nonsense, just go if you’re told to go ……”
Sheng Tian Tai frowned and growled with a glare! <br>
That Sheng family member nodded his head in fear and didn’t dare to have the slightest delay, gathering all the Sheng family members to the hall!
Sheng Tian Tai, on the other hand, sat on the main seat and waited quietly without saying a word!
He was waiting for Sheng Jiahui to bring Chen Ping and the others to find them!
“What’s going on today? Gathering up in the middle of the night.”
“The second master seems to be mysterious in the past few days since the family head is in seclusion.”
“There must be something big going on, or else he wouldn’t have gathered us all together in the middle of the night.”
Those Sheng family members below all whispered, not knowing what was going to happen!
For the Sheng family changes, many people do not know, only some people at the top know, Sheng Bushi and Sheng Jiahui and Sheng Jiayue were imprisoned, these Sheng family members thought they were in seclusion!
After all, this kind of thing, Sheng Tiantai can’t let all Sheng family members know, mess up will make Sheng family chaos!
The imprisonment of Sheng Bushi and the others was also done in secret, and externally it was declared to be a retreat!
On the other hand, Sheng Jiahui brought Chen Ping and the others to Sheng Tiantai’s residence, but found that Sheng Tiantai was not there, and it was only when they asked that they realised that Sheng Tiantai had summoned the Sheng family members to the hall!
Sheng Jiahui felt that this was a good opportunity to expose Sheng Tiantai’s ugly face in front of the many Sheng family members, so she brought Chen Ping and they rushed to the hall!
Seeing that Sheng Jiahui had brought Chen Ping, Sheng Tiantai acted very calmly!
“Jiahui, this is our Sheng Family’s internal deliberations, why did you bring outsiders right here?”
Sheng Tiantai took the lead and asked Sheng Jiahui!
When the rest of the Sheng Family saw that Sheng Jiahui had even brought an outsider into the Sheng Family’s deliberative hall, they also pointed accusing fingers!
“Eldest Miss, this is our Sheng family’s council hall, outsiders are not allowed to enter, how can you do this?”
“That’s right, if this is known to the family head, he will have to punish you.”
“Hurry up and let them leave, this is not a place where outsiders can stay.”
The Sheng family members were trying to get Chen Ping and the rest of them, the outsiders, to leave!