But soon, the pa*sage in front of Chen Ping’s face forked and three identical canals appeared, leaving Chen Ping in a bit of a quandary!
Obviously, of these three identical pa*sageways, one of them must be safe.
Obviously, one of the three canals must be safe, while the other two are extremely dangerous, but Chen Ping doesn’t know which one is safe!
Chen Ping looked carefully at the three pa*sageways, but the smooth stone walls had nothing on them, and the shapes were identical, so it was hard to choose!
Just as Chen Ping and the others were hesitating, Leng Yun and Tong Youcai were coming after them!
When they saw the three pa*sages appearing in front of their faces, they too were at a loss as to which one to take!
“What should we do?”
Tong Youcai said with a frown!
But no one paid any attention to him, Chen Ping closed his eyes and three channels of divine consciousness came out of his body instantly, heading for the three channels!
However, the three pa*sages were very long, even though Chen Ping’s consciousness had already reached several miles away, he still did not notice the difference between the three pa*sages.
At this moment, Leng Yun took out the compa*s, bit his finger and put a drop of blood on it!
The compa*s soon flashed red and the needle on the top trembled violently!
Soon, the needle slowly stopped and pointed to the leftmost pa*sage!
Seeing this, Leng Yun put away the compa*s and smiled at Chen Ping and said, “Handsome Chen, this pa*sage on the left is the right one, do you want to come with me?”
Chen Ping did not move, but Leng Yun, seeing this, led his men into the pa*sage on the far left!
Seeing this, Tong Youcai also hurriedly led his men to follow him!
“Tong Youcai, what are you doing?” When Leng Yun saw that Tong Youcai had followed him, he said with a cold look on his face.
“Brother Leng, you and I are going all the way, if we encounter anything, we can still take care of each other, don’t worry, if we find a treasure, I will let you pick it first!”
Tong Youcai lowered his stature and said curtly to Leng Yun.
Tong Youcai knew that in this place, it was useless even if his strength was high, and if he didn’t know the magic, he was afraid that he would be trapped here!
The masters he had brought with him were simply useless, so he had to follow Leng Yun in such a lowly manner!
When Leng Yun saw what Tong Youzui said, he didn’t bother and led Tong Youzui and the others to continue walking forward!
“Mr. Chen, what should we do?”
When Liu Rui saw that both Tong Youcai and Leng Yun had left, but Chen Ping was still motionless, she asked anxiously.
“There is no hurry, wait a little longer ……”
Chen Ping stood quietly, although his divine sense had been withdrawn, but Chen Ping did not have a hasty choice!
No one knew what Chen Ping was thinking about!
After a while, Chen Ping walked straight towards the middle pa*sage, Liu Rui and Lao Liu saw this and could only follow!
I don’t know how long they walked, or how far they walked!
Finally, just as they were about to collapse, there was a light in front of them and an exit!
They were so happy to see this that they rushed out!
With the light in front of them, they looked in amazement at what they saw!
It was like a different world, with streams running, birds singing and flowers smelling.
Except for the fact that there were no human beings living here, the rest of the scenery was very similar to the village of the immortals that Old Willow had created!
“It’s so beautiful here too ……”
Liu Rui looked at the scene in front of her and exclaimed!
But Chen Ping did not appreciate the beauty, but walked straight to the stream and then gently touched the water with his hand!
In an instant, a look of excitement appeared on Chen Ping’s face!
The water in the stream was exactly the same as the water in the rejuvenating spring!
Maybe the water in the rejuvenating spring was flowing out of this stream!
Chen Ping decided to find the source of the water and find out what had given the water its special effect!
But just as Chen Ping was about to follow the stream upstream, he saw Leng Yun and Tong Youzui walking up to him!
But looking at their faces and the wounds on their bodies, it was obvious that they had been through a big battle before coming out!