“Alright, since you said so, then I will listen to you.”Huo Qing nodded, then looked at the old man and said, “I now order you to go kill that Chen Ping and bring the head.”
“I go?”The old man froze!
“Not bad, I am sending you, that Chen Ping is only at the ninth rank of the Transitional Abstraction Realm, wouldn’t it be as easy as a slap in the face for you to kill that Chen Ping?”
“You go and kill that Chen Ping, then bring Chen Ping’s head over here and I can reward you thought Immortal Spirit Stones.”
Huo Qing said to the old man!
The old man then waved his hands repeatedly and said, “Young master, I …… can’t, I definitely can’t!”
“You can’t, what the fuck are you bothering to say?”
Huo Qing was cursing at the old man!
“Young master, so we’re not going to find that Chen Ping? This is disobeying orders, and with the rules of the Divine Temple, disobeying orders is severely punished.”
The old man said!
“Who said we won’t look for it, of course we will, that Chen Ping killed our Ten Temples, if we don’t look for him to take revenge, won’t we let people underestimate the Ten Temples.”
“But it’s not for me to look for him, it’s for others to help look for that Chen Ping, now that the Heaven Ascension Ladder is about to appear, all the hidden forces from all walks of life are starting to get restless.”
“It’s just as well that we take advantage of this opportunity, I’ll issue a kill order in the name of the Ten Temples, as long as we can kill that Chen Ping, we’ll be rewarded with 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones!”
Huo Qing said with a cold smile!
“One hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones?”The old man’s body stumbled and almost didn’t fall, looking at Huo Qing incredulously, “Young Master, where do you have that many Immortal Spirit Stones?”
“Of course I don’t have it, but the Ten Temples have it, I’ll send it out in the name of the Ten Temples, and at that time, no matter who kills that Chen Ping, they’ll also follow the Ten Temples to get this Immortal Spirit Stones, it has nothing to do with me.”
“At that time, whether the Ten Temples Lord gives it or not, I don’t care, I believe that 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones will definitely make these guys in hiding go crazy, knowing that what they lack the most in their cultivation is resources like Immortal Spirit Stones.”
Huo Qing said!
The old man looked at Huo Qing for a while speechlessly and didn’t know what to say!
“Don’t just stand there, hurry up and go issue the extermination order, remember to cast a wide net ……”
Huo Qing urged!
“Young master, that Demon Sealing Alliance also once used a hundred years of offerings to issue a kill order against Chen Ping, but that Chen Ping has always been alive and well, I’m afraid that this kill order ……”
The old man was a little hesitant, after all, issuing an execution order in the name of the Ten Temples and also rewarding 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones was no small matter!
“Seal Demon Alliance’s hundred years of offerings counts for nothing ah, are some small cultivators will only be able to use it, the real to the peak of the ninth grade of the Mahayana realm, or the Immortalisation realm of the cultivators, is not at all look at the Seal Demon Alliance’s that point of resources.”
“Only this Immortal Spirit Stone can hold temptation for these expert cultivators, just do as I tell you!”
Huo Qing said sternly!
“As you command!”Seeing this, the old man could only nod, then turned around and left!
After drawing up the execution order, the old man then laughed, “Chen Ping ah Chen Ping, this time you are dead, it’s not good to mess with anyone, but to mess with our Ten Temples.”
The old man knew how tempting this Immortal Spirit Stone was for Immortalisation Realm cultivators, plus at this stage when the Stairway to Heaven was about to open, there would definitely be a lot of closeted cultivators coming out in droves!
In that case, after receiving the kill order, these cultivators would definitely go crazy!
Immortal Spirit Stones, although they belonged to the rubbish stones in the Heavenly Realm, in this Celestial Realm, they were an essential resource for ascension to the Heavenly Realm!
Ordinary spirit stones were no longer very useful to Immortalisation realm cultivators, but this Immortal Spirit Stone was the most useful to Immortalisation realm cultivators!
Especially for cultivators at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, if they wanted to impact into the Immortalisation realm, they had to have Immortal Spirit Stones!
Now a hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones at once, that would definitely make the hidden forces boil!