As the Wuji Shengzong collapses, the entire mountain begins to fall!
Soon, large pieces of rocks appeared!
The whole mountain is made of stones!
But the stones were covered, so no one could find them.
“So this is the so-called Pole Rock Mine, it’s too much.
Bing Lu and the others said in shock!
Chen Ping is also full of shock, he also did not expect, this mountain peak is actually the extreme stone mine!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, this is goodbye, your life-saving grace, we will remember.
Ouyang Zhenhua looked at the piles of stone, it is not useful to them, so they intend to leave!
He’s also afraid that the head of the Mu Family will come with his men!
At that time, they are also implicated in that would be troublesome!
Small families like theirs are no match for the Mu family!
“Ouyang family master, take care.
Chen Ping arched his hand
Ouyang Zhenhua followed many cultivators left, they are not in vain, although in the Wuji Holy Sect and did not get what the treasure, but there are gains!
Especially Ouyang Zhenhua, got the Lu Ban Pavilion things, go back to study!
Jie Ping and the others were frantically loading up the stone mines!
All the storage bags were full!
However, Chen Ping’s storage ring did not dare to load, loaded into it was also eaten by the Heaven Swallowing Beast!
Although this trip to the polar regions, Guanghan Palace also lost a lot, the outer disciples casualties are exhausted, only blue Yingying is still alive!
+Only Blue Yingying is still alive, and only five saints are left, this casualty is very large for the Guanghan Palace!
However, with the stone, with the stone mine, Guanghan Palace will soon be able to recover and grow stronger!
Chen Ping returned to Guang Han Palace!
The Palace Master of the Guang Han Palace seemed to have expected it, and brought people to greet Chen Ping at the Palace Gate of the Guang Han Palace!
Seeing the Palace Master, and the many disciples, Binglu and Blue Yingying could no longer hold back, jumping over and hugging and crying!
Out of so many sisters, now only a few of them came back!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?
The Palace Master of Guang Han Palace did not care about how many of his disciples died, but asked Chen Ping with concern!
”I’m fine, just too much consumption, rest for a day and I’ll be fine.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Good, I will arrange it right away…
The Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace nodded!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace arranged for Chen Ping and Binglu to go and rest!
While Chen Ping was resting, the Broad Cold Palace Master walked into the room!
“Mr Chen, this time thanks to you, these things under your hand, our Guang Han Palace has so many extreme stone, the future development for hundreds of years will not be a problem.”
Broad Cold Palace Palace Master handed Chen Ping a storage bag!
Opened the bag, found that inside is a lot of immortal grass, which also has a heavenly devil stone!
Chen Ping had come to Guang Han Palace for the Heavenly Devil Stone!
Palace Master, I only need the Heavenly Devil Stone, these herbs you are to stay, after all, Guang Han Palace is just starting out.
Chen Ping does not want too many things, after all, Guang Han Palace is also difficult!
“Mr Chen, you help us to find so much stone, we Guang Han Palace will not be in the future due to difficulties.
“You’d better take it, in addition to the Mu family head in seclusion, so Mr Chen still take this opportunity to leave, if you wait for the Mu family head out of seclusion, Mr Chen is afraid of
Will be dangerous.”
The Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace seemed to know what was happening in the polar regions!
”Palace Master, that Mu Family won’t come after you Guanghan Palace, right?”
Chen Ping asked worriedly!
No, although the Mu family is powerful, but I’m not a vegetarian, really want to fish death net break, Mu family’s foundation is also destroyed.
“Mr Chen don’t worry about it, if there is a chance, still hope you come to Guang Han Palace.”
Guanghan Palace Palace master said!
“Definitely!”Chen Ping nodded!
‘I will personally send Mr Chen down the mountain…”Although the Broad Cold Palace Master did not want to let Chen Ping go, for the sake of his safety, it was better to leave as soon as possible!
Wait, I have something here for the Palace Master as well! “Chen Ping suddenly remembered something!
“What is it? “The Palace Master was full of curiosity!