“Madam, what is it, so urgent?”
Han Fusheng hurriedly went forward and asked after seeing the middle-aged woman.
It turned out that this middle-aged woman was Han Fusheng’s wife, An Lingsheng.
“Qing’er she …………”
An Ling Rong had just opened her mouth, but stopped halfway through her sentence, then frowned slightly and looked around!
Han Fusheng saw this, his face changed and he looked very nervous!
“Madam, what’s wrong with Qing’er?”
Han Fusheng asked.
But An Lingsheng waved her hand and told Han Fusheng to shut his mouth, then closed his eyes slightly, as if he was feeling something!
Seeing this, cold sweat ran down Han Fusheng’s forehead.
His right hand quietly struck a spell, and a glowing light, sprinkled throughout the hall, seemed to be hiding some kind of aura!
Soon, An Ling Rong opened her eyes and frowned, “Why do I feel that there is the smell of a woman in this great hall?”
“Where is it? Why can’t I smell it?”
Han Fusheng pretended to smell it!
“Don’t pretend with me, has a woman been here in this hall?”
An Ling Rong questioned Han Fusheng.
“Oh, I remember, just now Mulan came by, I ordered something for her ……”
Han Fusheng scrambled to explain!
“Why do I feel this smell, it doesn’t feel like Mulan’s?”
An Ling Rong frowned with a puzzled look!
“Why isn’t it, you’re just being too paranoid, we’re in a secret realm, where can a woman come here ……”
Han Fusheng said as he stepped forward and put his arm around An Ling Rong’s shoulders in a loving manner.
“Humph, you guy, all day long lecherous, I tell you, no other women, you are not allowed to hit those maids either, I have long seen you look at them a few wrong ……”
An Ling Rong coldly snorted.
“Madam, where are you thinking of, at least I am also the house master, how can I fool around with those maids ……”
Han Fusheng said pretending to be angry, and after he finished, he hurriedly asked, “By the way, what did you just say about Qing’er?”
“Oh, Qing’er she ran away ……”
An Lingrong said with an anxious look on her face.
“Ran away? Did she run away to the Sunset Cave again?”
Han Fusheng said with a frown.
“No, no, this time she ran away to the mundane world, I couldn’t keep an eye on her!”
An Lingrong hurriedly waved her hands and said.
Boom …………
As soon as Han Fusheng heard this, a cold sweat broke out in shock and anger rose up in his body, “Are those guards all dead men? They can’t even keep an eye on the lady, D*mn it ……”
“I’ll send someone to look for them right away, we must get Qing’er back ……”
Seeing Han Fusheng’s anger rising, An Ling Rong hurriedly persuaded, “You don’t need to be anxious, Qiu Ju followed Qing’er out with her, there shouldn’t be any danger.”
Only when Han Fusheng heard that someone was following did he breathe a slight sigh of relief!
“If someone is following, we should also hurry and send someone to retrieve them ……”
Han Fusheng only has such a precious daughter, he doesn’t want anything to happen to his daughter!
“I’ve already sent someone to inform Fort Remnant Moon to send Factory Lu to look for Qing’er, it’s also just the right time to create room for the two children to come into contact ……”
An Ling Rong said.
As soon as Han Fusheng heard this, he smiled, “It’s still madam who is smart, as long as after our Purple Sky Mansion and Remnant Moon Fort join forces, the resources in the entire mysterious realm will also belong to our two families ……”
The secret realm where Han Fusheng and the others were located was vast, and there were quite a few clans in it, and in order to compete for resources, the clans in these secret realms, would also fight!
Amongst this secret realm, the resources within the Sunset Cave and the Cave of the Broken Moon were the most abundant.
And while the Sunset Cave was on the territory of the Purple Sky Mansion, that Cave of the Broken Moon was on the territory of the Broken Moon Fort.
If the two families were to share resources after their marriage, then there would be nothing for other clans and families to do.
When the time came, the two families would be able to annex the other clans when they joined forces.