Seeing that Cai Hongwei had run away, everyone else also turned to run!
“Elder Miao, I’ll stay and stall for time, you’d better leave quickly ……”
Chen Ping said to Elder Miao!
“You?” Miao Lao looked at Chen Ping “With your strength, I’m afraid you’ll be eaten by that Silver Red Tiger in one bite, don’t stay and die for nothing.”
“Don’t worry, Elder Miao, since I dared to stay, I definitely have a way ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he casually waved his hand and a dragon breath shot out from his body before exploding in mid-air!
This dragon breath directly formed a barrier, blocking that Silver Red Tiger away!
Feeling the dragon’s breath, even the Silver Red Tiger, who had lost its mind, was so scared that it took a few steps backwards!
When the crowd saw this scene, they all looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
“Little brother, this breath of yours is very special ah, it was able to scare back that Silver Red Tiger that had lost its mind.”
Elder Miao said with a face full of incredulity!
“Elder Miao, this is just a small trick, I added the flavour of demonic beast fear within this breath, that’s why I was able to scare these Silver Red Tigers back.”
“But it won’t last long, you guys better escape quickly first, when you run out of the range of this poison tent.”
Chen Ping said to Miao Lao!
Seeing this, Miao Lao nodded and then said “Gentlemen, let’s go first and leave this poison tent before we talk!”
With Miao Lao taking the lead, the others followed him to escape!
“You two also follow, I will catch up with you afterwards.”
Chen Ping asked Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix to also follow Miao Lao and the others to flee for their lives!
Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix wanted to say something, but seeing Chen Ping’s look, they could only nod and follow Old Miao and the others!
At this moment, only Chen Ping was left to face dozens of Silver Red Tigers alone!
The reason why Chen Ping had told the others to run for their lives was because he did not want to expose himself in front of the crowd!
The dragon’s breath just now, Chen Ping had deliberately altered it, which was why he had not been recognised!
However, the dragon was the lord of all beasts, and this Silver Red Tiger, even if it had been hit by the poison tent and lost its mind, would still be able to feel the oppression of the dragon’s breath, and that was why it had backed away!
There was another reason, and that was that this Poison Tent Chen Ping felt that there was a problem, this Poison Tent was not naturally formed, but someone had refined it!
And all of a sudden the poison tent appeared here, it should have been done deliberately by someone, but what exactly was it, Chen Ping was not clear at the moment!
At this moment, that dragon’s breath was slowly weakening, and those Silver Red Tigers began to attack frantically, bombarding that barrier with constant trembling!
Seeing that the barrier was about to be blasted away, but Chen Ping was not the slightest bit nervous!
Only to see Chen Ping’s mouth reciting words, the Clear Heart Mantra rang out melodiously, and then drilled into the bodies of those Silver Red Tigers through their ears!
Within a few moments, the originally manic Silver Red Tigers slowly quieted down, and their scarlet eyes began to fade away!
Chen Ping continued to recite the Clear Heart Mantra, and in the end, the eyes of those silver red tigers were all flooded with a clear light!
“What …… is going on here?”
The Tiger King looked around and then spoke with a surprised look on his face!
The other Silver Red Tigers were also in a state of confusion, they all had no idea how they had appeared here at this moment!
“You have been hit by the poison tent, causing you to become delirious and attacked our group.”
Chen Ping slowly spoke!
“Attacked you guys?” The Tiger King was a little incredulous “We have always lived deep in the mountains and forests, never following human cultivators to fight, how could we attack you?”
“Didn’t I just say that you guys were hit by the poisonous tents, resulting in delirium.”
“Only, where these poison tents came from, I am not sure.”
Chen Ping said truthfully!
“It must have been those greedy guys who messed up, since their arrival, we have already given up a lot of space, I never thought that these guys would use the poison tents to confuse our minds and make us attack the human cultivators.”
The Tiger King seemed to remember something and said angrily!