“Brother, don’t be obsessed, do you really want to kill the three of us?”
“You’d better escape with us ……”
The youngest sister looked at her brother with tears in her eyes and persuaded him.
“Don’t say it, it’s hard for me to have this kind of almost, how can I give up.”
“The two of us, brother and sister, have always been the object of being bullied and humiliated, this time I was able to join the Qiu family, I will be able to walk horizontally in Beast City, I’ll see who dares to mess with me.”
“Sister don’t worry, in a moment I’ll do it quickly, so that you don’t have pain.”
The youngest sister’s brother looked at the youngest sister, his eyes were filled with coldness and ruthlessness!
“Are you still a fucking human being? You even want to kill your own sister?”
Xiong Guo looked at Youngest Sister’s brother in that manner, and instantly became furious and red in the face!
Also having a sister, Xiong Guo would rather die himself than kill his own sister!
Boom!
The youngest sister’s brother directly gave Xiong Guo a punch, and then coldly said, “Shut up, the reason I brought you here is because your sister is too beautiful, it’s too much of a pity to kill her like this, I want to finish playing before I kill her!”
Brother Youngest Sister’s eyes flashed with greed and ruthlessness, as he pushed Xiong Gao aside and stepped closer to Xiong Ying.
Xiong Ying stepped back in terror, her eyes filled with despair, she tightly pulled on the hand of Youngest Sister, while Youngest Sister pleaded with a trembling voice, “Brother, please, let them go! They are all innocent!”
“You with move my sister, I absolutely can not spare you, I swear ……”
Xiong Gao saw that the youngest brother was going to lay hands on his sister, he was trembling with anger and hissed loudly!
But there was no way for him to stop it, the spiritual power in the three of them had long been sealed, and at the moment they were just ordinary people!
“Youngest sister, you get the hell out of my way, if it wasn’t for the fact that you’re my own sister, I’d even play with you.”
“Giving you to that Chen Ping, really a big loss, also thought that kid has a deep background, can eat and drink with him, but did not think he is nothing.”
The youngest sister’s brother pushed away the youngest sister, so that the youngest sister fell hard to the ground!
Looking at his brother, the youngest sister tears like rain, at this moment her heart like a knife!
She in order to save their own brother, went through a lot of trouble, but did not expect their own brother is this kind of person!
Surprisingly, even their own bodies are thinking about, pigs and dogs are worse than!
The youngest sister’s brother looked at Xiong Ying, the corner of his mouth hooked into a cold smile, reaching out and grabbing towards Xiong Ying, “You beast! We won’t let you go!”
“Hahaha, I am a beast, so what? A big beauty like you, I haven’t played it yet, play you once, even if I die, it’s worth it ……”
After saying that, the youngest sister brother a hand toward Xiong Ying pounced, Xiong Ying avoided unavoidable by the youngest sister brother pressed under the body!
The youngest brother’s eyes scarlet, constantly tearing Xiong Ying’s clothes!
Xiong Ying struggled desperately, shouting for help, but in the wilderness, who could save her?
Xiong Gao looked at his sister’s humiliation, a hint of determination flashed in his eyes, he knew that in his current state he could not fight against the youngest sister’s brother, but the idea of protecting his sister made him burst out with unprecedented courage.
He violently broke free from the sense of bondage brought about by the sealed spiritual power, and even though it was weak, it was enough for him to make a move.
“Swear by my bloodline to guard to the death!”
Xiong Gao let out a low roar, and it seemed that some kind of ancient power was awakened within his body, his eyes instantly became crimson, and there was a vague flickering of fire around his body.
This was a force of guardianship that originated from his ancestors, awakening at a critical moment.
When Brother Youngest Sister saw this, a trace of shock flashed across his face, but it was then replaced by a cold smile, “With this minuscule amount of power you have, you still want to stop me?”
He disdainfully swung out a palm, directly knocking Xiong Gao back.
Xiong Cuo, who had just broken free from his bonds, had not yet fully recovered!