“See, such a good mountain ginseng, even in Yuncheng is not often seen!”
The middle-aged man looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile, “Now that you’ve lost, where’s the ten million? I don’t think you look like someone who can take out ten million at all!”
Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to the middle-aged man, but directly reached out and grabbed towards the mountain ginseng!
“Hey, what are you doing …………”
The middle-aged man’s face changed and he reached out to stop it, but it was already too late, the mountain ginseng had already reached Chen Ping’s hand.
Chen Ping picked up the mountain ginseng and with both hands he was about to break it off!
“Brother Chen Ping, what are you doing?”
He Zhigang’s face changed dramatically, knowing that mountain ginseng was only worth money when it was intact, even if a ginseng beard was broken, the price would be greatly reduced, if the ginseng was broken off directly, it would be worthless!
Click …………
But as soon as He Zhigang’s words left his mouth, the mountain ginseng in Chen Ping’s hand had already broken into two pieces!
He Zhigang’s eyes were closed and anger rose up on his face, this was 20 million dollars and it was gone in one go!
Su Yuqi and Gu Yufei also looked at Chen Ping in shock, not understanding what Chen Ping was up to!
It was the middle-aged man who saw Chen Ping break off the mountain ginseng, his face instantly turned pale and he turned around and ran away, surprisingly not even wanting the money.
“Want to run? Can you run away?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly!
Just as the middle-aged man was running outwards, Lin Tianhu, who had been sitting and drinking tea, moved and kicked the middle-aged man back!
“What the …… hell is going on here?”
Once the middle-aged man ran away, He Zhigang was a bit confused, unable to understand what was going on!
“Brother He, you’re looking at this mountain ginseng to see if it’s real!”
Chen Ping handed the broken mountain ginseng to He Zhigang!
He Zhigang took the mountain ginseng, and when he saw the broken mountain ginseng, his whole body froze, followed by anger: “D*mn, you dare to cheat to my Renhe Hall, you’re looking for death!”
He Zhigang stepped forward and gave the middle-aged man a fierce kick in the abdomen, before roaring angrily, “Someone, take him down to me and teach him a good lesson!”
Soon, that middle-aged man was taken away, followed by a burst of miserable screams!
“Brother Chen Ping, thanks to you today, otherwise we would have lost a lot of money, we can earn it again, that’s fine, but how can I still have the face to be in Yuncheng in the future, it’s simply too humiliating!”
He Zhigang said with a shameful face after Chen Ping.
“Anyone can be careless at times, it’s normal!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Brother Chen Ping, I want to know how you know that this mountain ginseng is fake? You haven’t even looked at it!”
He Zhigang was puzzled as to how on earth Chen Ping knew that.
“It’s very simple, I’m a person with a good nose by nature, so I can tell as soon as I smell it!”
Chen Ping lied, of course he couldn’t tell He Zhigang that he had sensed it by aura fluctuations, if it was really a hundred year old mountain ginseng, Chen Ping would be able to capture the aura in the mountain ginseng easily.
And this time Chen Ping did not feel any spiritual energy fluctuations in the wooden box, so he concluded that what was inside was not a mountain ginseng, or not a hundred year old mountain ginseng, it must be a fake!
He Zhigang looked at Chen Ping with a shocked face and said incredulously, “I’ve never seen anyone who can tell the authenticity of herbs by smelling them with his nose, I’ve seen it all ……”
“Sister Yuqi, your boyfriend still has this skill? He’s even better than a dog’s nose!”
Gu Yufei also said in surprise.
But after she finished, she instantly felt a little offended and spat her tongue out towards Chen Ping and smiled apologetically!
Chen Ping didn’t care either, he knew Gu Yufei didn’t mean it and smiled faintly as well!
“Brother Chen Ping, you’ve done me a great favour today, I’ll take you around the market, I’ll help you negotiate for any herbs you like, in the whole of Yuncheng, no matter which medicine company, they all give me He Zhigang a few points of respect!”
He Zhigang patted Chen Ping’s shoulder and said!