The fact is, with Hu Pazi’s strength, if he follows Chen Ping around, Chen Ping will have an additional powerful helper!
Hu Ma Zi is the strongest person in the art of magic that Chen Ping has ever seen, there is no one ……
When Chen Ping saw Hu Pazi, he only saw that Hu Pazi was wearing a tiger skin jacket and holding a whip made of tiger tendons in his hand, wielding it continuously!
A snapping sound kept resounding in mid-air, while a huge rock not far away, unexpectedly all burst!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but laugh as he watched that look on Pocky Hu’s face, he didn’t expect that this Pocky Hu would make use of all the tiger skin and tiger tendons.
“Master Hu, I’m planning to leave Penglai Island, do you want to join me?”
Chen Ping asked to Hu Puzi.
“Where to? Is it back to Kyoto?”
Pocky Hu said.
Chen Ping nodded, of course he was going back to Kyoto, all his relatives, were almost in Kyoto, how could he leave them behind.
“I’m not going, Kyoto I don’t want to go back in my life ……”
“I’m still looking for an ancient ruin to get more treasures, I’ve been here for so long and haven’t gotten anything good ……”
Hu Ma Zi said with a helpless face.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled lightly, “Wait for the next time we cooperate, and then have something good, let you take it first ……”
“That’s what you said, just wait for my call ……”
Hu Pazzi knew that even if he found the ancient ruins, it would be difficult for him to explore them alone with this ability, and he would have to find Chen Ping to do so.
“Good, contact then!”
Chen Ping nodded, and then glanced at the place where the palace was forbidden!
The large amount of spiritual energy stored within that stone statue was still on Chen Ping’s mind, right now he was still not strong enough, when he was strong enough one day, he would definitely be coming back.
After leaving Penglai Island, Chen Ping followed Zhao Zhuan and went straight to the Pill God Valley!
In these few months after Chen Ping’s sudden disappearance, the entire martial world was quietly changing, and the pattern was also changing, but no one was targeting the Pill God Valley!
After all, when it came to pill refining, no clan could rival the one that wanted the Pill God Valley.
Many clans and families had to ask for pills from the Pill God Valley, and if they were injured, they also asked for help from the Pill God Valley!
So during this period of time, no one came to disturb the Pill God Valley!
After Chen Ping brought Zhao Barging back to Pill God Valley, it was as lively as the New Year!
The first time Zhao Barging found Xiao Ru, the two young people didn’t know where they had gone.
“Ding Da Dada, during the time I was away, did the Kyoto Martial Alliance make any moves?”
Chen Ping asked to Ding Da Da.
“Mr. Chen, during the time you have been away, the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance has also undergone considerable changes, the once mighty Dragon Family has now become a fallen family, and the Martial Dao Alliance meetings, are no longer inviting Long Jingguo to attend.”
“There are also some families that have risen, but the whole is still under the control of the Martial Dao Alliance, and there are not too many special changes!”
Ding did not follow Chen Ping and said.
“The Long Family has actually fallen to such a state ……”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, seemingly contemplating something, and then slowly spoke, “Since the Dragon Family has fallen, let’s start with the Dragon Family first ……”
Chen Ping’s current strength at the peak of Martial Marquis was sufficient to deal with the Long Family and save his mother.
However, Chen Ping did not seek to go to the Dragon Family first, but stayed in the Pill God Valley at ease!
Chen Ping then gathered Xu Changsheng and the others and prepared to refine himself with the Divine Nong Cauldron.
Now that Chen Ping had reached his bottleneck, the Great Martial Marquis realm had never been able to break through!
Chen Ping intended to try using the Divine Peasant Cauldron, perhaps his body could break through in the midst of the refinement.
As long as he broke through to Grand Martial Sect, Chen Ping would have the confidence to walk across the Kyoto Martial Dao Realm.