This scene shocked everyone, and the scene was so silent that a pin could be heard!
The many cultivators who were eating downstairs, each and every one of them looked at the scene in front of them with wide eyes!
To know that the Beast City does not allow hands to be used, now there was even someone fighting, and it was the son of the Qiu family.
Who is so bold? Dare to be so arrogant!
“You …… you ……”
Liu Zhongnan’s eyes were wide open, his mouth was round and open, he couldn’t even speak!
He never thought that Chen Ping would be so impulsive!
He had struck out at the drop of a hat without the slightest hesitation, leaving that Qiu Yu without even the time to react!
This was Beast City, not the outside world, what kind of joke was this?
Liu Zhongnan couldn’t believe that this was true, but this scene in front of him had to make him believe it!
Could it be that this is a newborn calf that is not afraid of tigers?
“Kid, you dare to hit me, you are looking for death!”
Qiu Yu climbed up, his body wasn’t injured, it was just that his face couldn’t hang on!
In front of so many people, he was thrown off the building, it was too humiliating!
Qiu Yu’s face was red, covered in oil and dirt, like a beggar, glaring at Chen Ping and roaring angrily!
In Beast City, he was the only one who beat up people, when was he ever beaten up ah!
The few friends that Qiu Yu had brought with him, all of them had also come downstairs at this moment, assisting Qiu Yu!
“Run, run, when the law enforcement team comes, you’ll be finished.”
Liu Zhongnan finally reacted and reminded Chen Ping in a low voice!
But before Chen Ping could make a move, a sound of footsteps could be heard from outside the restaurant!
“Daring to make a move within the Beast City, too unbridled!”
Along with the door of the tavern being pushed open, a cultivator dressed in white, his entire body radiating spiritual energy and holding a sword rushed in.
Behind him, a dozen or so guards with long spears followed!
Seeing this scene, everyone flashed away!
After all, within Beast City, only these guards of the City Lord’s Mansion were qualified to emit aura.
Anyone else who casually emitted aura and probed with their divine sense would be arrested!
Seeing the guards coming, Qiu Yu pointed at Chen Ping and said, “It’s him, he’s the one who hit me with his hands ……”
Qiu Yu still wanted to do it himself and beat Chen Ping up, but now that the guards had come, there was no need to do it himself!
“Prince Qiu ……”
When the white-clothed cultivator saw Qiu Yu, he was slightly stunned, he couldn’t believe that someone in Beast City would dare to beat up someone from the Qiu family!
If it was two small cultivators who had acted out of rage over something, it would be justifiable!
But to take action against the Qiu family in Beast City, was this a case of living too long?
This was also too lawless!
“Kid, you dare to make a move in the Beast City, just tie your hands!”
The white-clothed cultivator pointed his sword at Chen Ping and said!
“I will go with you!”
Chen Ping did not open his mouth and said!
Liu Zhongnan, who was on the side, saw that Chen Ping agreed to follow so easily, if he was put in the prison, he would be dead!
“Wait a minute, although he struck out, but he didn’t explode his spiritual aura, he just relied on his physical strength.”
“And Prince Qiu wasn’t injured, he just fell, we’re willing to pay, can we not arrest him?”
Liu Zhongnan said to the white-clothed cultivator!
The white-clothed cultivator glanced at Qiu Yu, this was to solicit that Qiu Yu’s opinion!
If the other party really offered a high price and Qiu Yu forgave, there was no need to arrest him in the prison!
“Old me doesn’t lack money, he must be arrested inside the prison to suffer.”
Qiu Yu said with an angry face!
“Duke Qiu ……”
Liu Zhongnan still wanted to say something, but was waved his hand by that Qiu Yu and said, “You’re fucking bullshitting, arrest you too!”
Seeing this, Liu Zhongnan did not dare to speak for Chen Ping anymore!
“Come with us!”
The white-clothed cultivator finished speaking and left with Chen Ping!
That Qiu Yu, on the other hand, gave a smug sneer and also left the restaurant with a few of his followers!