Regeneration Spring!
Chen Ping had been soaking in the spring for three days, but during these three days, he was constantly feeling the changes in the spring!
His consciousness was flowing with the spring, trying to enter the sealed forbidden area to see where the spring was flowing to!
During these three days, Chen Ping felt that the spring water was not flowing endlessly, but more like a circular flow!
With the full moon overhead, Chen Ping slowly got up from the spring.
Unconsciously, he followed the spring towards the forbidden place!
But after walking a short distance, Chen Ping felt a terrifying pressure, followed by an intense pain that filled his mind!
“What a powerful taboo, it seems that the taboo formations laid down by the great hidden sects are really powerful ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but sigh!
The idea of forcing his way through the forbidden land was dashed, after all, he was not strong enough to resist the forbidden formations set up by the several hidden sects!
Chen Ping had no choice but to return to the Regeneration Spring, and looked at the spring that kept flowing from under the mountain range.
How could this ordinary spring have such an effect?
Looking at the spring water that kept gushing out of the eye, Chen Ping suddenly came up with a bold idea!
Since there was no way to find out the direction of the spring’s flow, could we find out where it came from?
With this in mind, Chen Ping slapped his palm against the boulder at the spring, which instantly broke apart.
As Chen Ping continued to dig, the rocks inside became harder and harder, and the colour turned blood red!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, because as he dug in, the blood-red rocks in front of him were emitting a strong aura of evil.
If it was just an ordinary mountain rock, it would not have contained such an aura!
“Is there something strange underneath this mountain range?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, but he didn’t stop, he kept going!
But this time, after digging a few metres, he was blocked by a huge boulder.
Chen Ping was surprised by this, for he knew that with his current strength, he could easily break a rock, or even a lump of iron!
Chen Ping stepped forward and gently stroked the boulder, when suddenly there was a flash of light in his mind and the Wordless Book of Heaven flashed into life!
“Zhenshan Stone!”
Soon, three big words appeared in Chen Ping’s mind, followed by the introduction of the Zhenshan Stone!
The Zhenshan Stone, as the name implies, is the stone that holds down the mountain range.
Many sects chose their addresses directly in the deep forests, and some even built their sects in gorges, in order to prevent the mountains from collapsing and causing unnecessary losses, so they would lay down the Mountain Calming Stone to make the mountains strong!
“Since there is a rock here, it proves that there was a sect in the past, but why is there no longer one?”
“Does this regenerating spring have something to do with the existence of a sect here in the past?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly as he looked at the Zhenshan Stone in front of him!
Now that the stone was in the way, it would be difficult for Chen Ping to continue digging forward!
“I don’t believe it, how hard can a stone be ……”
Chen Ping condensed the power of the divine dragon onto his fist, and a dragon roar sounded as his fist glittered with golden light!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
This time, Chen Ping threw his fist with all his might!
Boom …………
The tremendous force struck the mountain rock, but the rock was not damaged in the slightest, but the whole mountain shook violently for a few times!
As Chen Ping looked at the unscathed Stone, a nameless fire rose up and he was about to slam his fist down again!
But at that moment, the tunnel Chen Ping was digging into began to tumble down with boulders and was about to collapse!
Seeing this, Chen Ping turned around and ran outside!