Now that the Long family has selflessly given out to benefit the crowd, the crowd can’t do something like cursing their mother after eating their milk.
Ge Jiayi turned her head and glanced at the crowd, then said: “That Long Xiao cultivates evil kung fu, you have all seen him strike, can his words be trusted? Now you guys don’t want to be treated like lambs to the slaughter, you have to unite ……”
Ge Jiayi wanted to persuade these people to unite against Long Xiao and the others, but the crowd was at a loss, and no one believed Ge Jiayi’s words.
“Miss Ge, if you are demonizing the people, don’t blame us for being ungracious.”
Zhu Zhishan’s face was cold as he stared at Ge Jiayi with a deadly stare, “You should be your Missy, your talent is so good, your future is unlimited, when the trials are over, you will naturally have your benefits!”
“If you persist in your obsession, even if the children of the great clan families die in the trial land, I believe no one will suspect anything!”
Zhu Zhishan threatened Ge Jiayi in public, because Zhu Zhishan knew that no one from these trials would be the one to take the lead, and even more so, no one would follow the Martial Dao Alliance and the Dragon Family against them!
Because the beast pills all over the place were capital, each of these people was loaded with hundreds of beast pills, which was a great resource, and no one would give up these resources.
Seeing this, Ge Jiayi also stopped speaking, because she knew that there was nothing she could do now, these people were already mad.
She believed in Zhu Zhishan’s words, and if she cared any more, both Zhu Zhishan and Long Xiao would definitely kill themselves!
Dong Jiahao gave a grateful glance at Ge Jiayi: “Miss Ge, thank you, my life or death has long since become unimportant.”
Dong Jiahao was already grateful that Ge Jiayi was able to help him block a bit.
“Long Xiao, you take Dong Jiahao out and settle it ……”
Zhu Zhishan said to Long Xiao,
Long Xiao nodded, then went forward and picked up Dong Jiahao with one hand, Zhu Zhishan’s meaning was obvious, taking Dong Jiahao out to settle it was for Long Xiao to draw out Dong Jiahao’s strength.
At this moment, behind the throne, Chen Ping, seeing that Dong Jiahao was in danger, knew that he couldn’t be hiding!
“Xiao Ru, you hide well, don’t go out.”
After giving his instructions to Xiao Ru, Chen Ping violently leapt up from behind the throne.
“Stop!”
A furious shout startled everyone, no one had expected that there would be someone else within this palace.
When everyone saw that it was Chen Ping who jumped out, they were all shocked.
Zhu Zhishan and Long Xiao in particular, their faces turned green.
“Brother Chen Ping, you’re not dead, you’re really not dead, hahaha ……”
Dong Jiahao burst out laughing with excitement upon seeing Chen Ping.
On the other hand, Chen Ping instantly reached Long Xiao in front of him and smashed out with a Holy Light Fist in the gap when everyone was dazed.
Long Xiao was unable to dodge and was directly smashed out by Chen Ping’s fist, while Chen Ping tugged at several chains of light on Dong Jiahao’s body and with a slight force of his hands, the chains of light instantly turned into dots of light and disappeared.
“Brother Dong, are you alright?”
Chen Ping asked to Dong Jiahao.
“It’s fine, can’t die ……”
Dong Jiahao smiled faintly.
Chen Ping then channeled some spiritual energy into Dong Jiahao’s body, making Dong Jiahao’s face look much better.
“Chen Ping, it’s amazing that you’re still alive like this, you’re really lucky ……”
Long Xiao rubbed his chest and looked at Chen Ping with one pair of eyes coldly.
“If you are still alive, how can I die?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“Chen Ping, since you have a big life, then this time, I want to see how much more your life can be, this time I want to watch your corpse being chopped into mush with my own eyes ……”
Zhu Zhishan narrowed his eyes, and the killing aura on his body instantly filled out!
Xu Song a few people very tacitly blocked the exit of the palace to prevent Chen Ping in escaping!