Heavenly Fury saw the situation, also directly held the sword and up, the two people straight to the Left Blind Elder and go. Left Blind Elder’s eyebrows slightly wrinkled, if the fight continues, he will definitely lose.
But now turn to escape, face and some can not hang.
Just when Left Blind Elder didn’t know whether to fight or flee, a figure suddenly appeared.
“Who are you? How dare you make a move against the Left Blind Elder?”
The Right Blind Elder asked as he waved his hand, pushing back the two Heavenly Law Heavenly Fury.
Seeing that the Left Blind Elder had come to help, Tian Luo Tian Zha hurriedly retreated and looked at the Right Blind Elder.
When Elder Left Blind saw Elder Right Blind coming, the idea of running away was swept away, and he immediately pointed at Tian Luo with a condescending voice and said: “Grandson, don’t you want to tear my mouth open?”
“Grandpa here standing still, you have the ability to come over ah, come to come …….”
Left blind elders to the sky Luo hook finger, provocative meaning is very thick.
“Left Blind, you don’t always invite cats and dogs to make trouble, Miss instructed me, told you not to make trouble.”
Right Blind Elder saw Left Blind Elder like that, is also not angry, this guy is too capable of causing trouble.
“Right Blind Elder, I didn’t cause any trouble, these two grandsons are from the Demon Sealing League, and they even hurt Missy’s guards, can you spare them?”
The Left Blind Elder said.
“What? The Demon Sealing Alliance people?”
“F*ck him ……”
The right blind elder jumped up, grabbed a spirit sword out of the air, and attacked Heavenly Fury and Tian Luo.
The left blind elder smiled hehehe, and also rushed straight up.
Heavenly Fury and Tian Luo confused, he did not understand how these two guys hate the Demon Sealing Alliance so much?
Originally, they wanted to use the Demon Sealing Alliance to scare the other side, but now it’s good, directly to the other side of the rage!
Seeing this, Sky Fury hastily pulled out the sound transmission jade slips and started to move the rescuers.
He knew that the two of them were no match for each other.
Heavenly Fury retreated as he fought, not wanting to fight anymore.
However, the left blind elder and the right blind elder were like dog-skin plasters, harassing the two of them.
The battle continued.
On the battlefield of gods and demons!
**Following Lin Keting, she led the crowd on to the Divine Demon Battlefield!
After passing through the valley, the people’s eyes turned white and an endless snowy plain appeared in front of them.
An endless snowy plain appeared.
Seeing this scene, everyone frowned!
This has just come in, not long ago, but even experienced a number of regional landscape.
“Could this be an illusion? We are now sealed in power, even a small illusion, we are afraid that we will not be able to break free, trapped inside”.
“How is it possible for several regional landscapes to appear in one small relic?”
The old man in the crowd said with some confusion.
“This is no illusion!” he shook his head.
“How do you know it’s not an illusion?”
The old man looked at ** in surprise.
“Because I am a formation master, even without my spiritual power, ordinary formations cannot escape my eyes.”
** said truthfully.
“Formation Master?”
Hearing that ** was a Formation Master, everyone was very surprised.
After all, even in the heavenly world, Formation Masters were very rare.
“Look, there are footprints on the snow, did someone come here a long time ago?”
Someone shouted at this time.
People rushed to the past, and actually found that there are a number of footprints on the snow, but the footprints are very shallow, probably a very long time ago, was buried by the snow part.
“These footprints are not clear, looks like someone has been here a long time ago, now I’m afraid that it’s difficult for us to find the treasure”.
The old man sighed, full of loss!
If someone has gone in before, there are treasures that will be taken by the other side.
If other people hear this, they will also be incomparably lost.
“That’s not necessarily true, we only got three pieces of divine weapons from that stone statue… even if someone comes in, it’s impossible to find all the treasures.”
Lin Keting said hastily.