“It seems that this Yu family head’s strength is hidden very Avray ……”
Yao Qisheng said with a light sigh!
On top of the high platform, everyone was looking intently at the golden dragon soaring in mid-air, all Avray shocked!
Only Chen Ping was frowning, his expression seemed a bit painful!
Because at this moment, Chen Ping felt the power of the divine dragon inside him being attracted again, especially when he saw those golden dragons in the mid-air, which made Chen Ping want to rush forward regardless of everything!
He wanted to explode all the power of the divine dragons within him, he wanted to soar as a golden dragon himself!
But he couldn’t, he couldn’t do that in full view of everyone, if his secret was exposed more and more, he was bound to be watched by many people.
With his current strength, he wasn’t strong enough to follow any of the eight secret realms against each other!
He was desperately trying to suppress that restlessness within him!
“Look, look, the Yu Clan Master has lifted the bell hammer again ……”
Someone, at this moment, shouted out loud!
Everyone looked on in shock, only to see Yu Qian’s aura rising up, and the expression on his face began to gaze as the bell hammer in his hand was once again raised high!
He was about to strike the fifth blow on the dragon bell, but it was obvious that this fifth blow was not very easy for Yu Qian, as the hammer was raised high and did not fall immediately!
If he failed to strike the bell, he would probably be injured by the recoil of the bell!
After a while, Yu Qian gritted his teeth and swung the hammer down, hitting the Dragon Pattern Bell with a fierce blow!
Buzz …………
The Dragon Tattooed Bell rang out, once again emitting a melodious bell sound!
Hearing the sound of the bell, Yu Qian’s heart settled down and he dropped the bell hammer in his hand to the ground!
And at this moment, five golden dragons were hovering in mid-air, and the whole square above was illuminated with golden light!
Everyone looked at this truly shocking moment and opened their mouths wide, not making a single sound!
With a smile on his face, Yu Qian leapt up from atop the bell tower and landed directly on top of the high platform.
“Master Yu Clan, you are really deep in hiding!”
“Family Master Yu, with this strength, you rang the Dragon Bell five times so easily, even if it’s the sixth time, I’m afraid it can still be very easy.”
“Master Yu, in today’s competition, you should tell your men to give way to us!”
Many people at the helm of clans and families on the high platform came forward to praise Yu Qian!
Yu Qian waved his hand, then swept a glance at Yao Shenghui, who was bowing his head in silence, his face burning hot!
“Master Yu, you are really something, to be able to ring the dragon bell five times at once, this is something that us old men cannot match.”
“It’s getting late, I think the a*sembly should start?”
Yao Qisheng knew that if they waited any longer, they would only be further humiliated, so he hurriedly urged the a*sembly to begin!
If they could still maintain their results in the a*sembly competition, then they could still earn back some face!
“Since Patriarch Yao is so eager, then we will officially begin the a*sembly and have the disciples of the major secret realms prepare to get into the ring!”
Yu Qian nodded and said.
“Hold on ……”
At this moment, Chen Ping spoke up!
Everyone’s eyes were placed on Chen Ping, not understanding what Chen Ping was going to do!
“Young man, do you have anything else?”
Yu Qian asked with a somewhat unpleasant look on his face!
“Master Yu Clan, didn’t we just say that anyone can go and try this Dragon Tattoo Bell.”
“So I want to go and try to ring that Dragon Tattooed Bell will it work?”
Chen Ping said!
“You want to try?” Yu Qian was a little surprised!
And everyone else had disdain on their faces, and the crowd on the stage even yelled out!
“Chen Ping, you’re only at the Third Realm of the Sub-Divine, and you still want to go and ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell, dream on.”
Jin Yuan was on the stage, loudly mocking at Chen Ping!
“Whether this Dragon Tattoo Bell can be rung or not is not to mention first, even the pa*sage that leads to the bell tower, you may not even be able to break through, so why waste time?”
Yu Qian said!
“If you don’t try, how do you know that I can’t get through and I can’t ring it? Anyone can try, that’s what you said yourself.”
Chen Ping said without being condescending.