It wasn’t until Chen Ping clashed with the Spirit Sect Master using raw physical strength that he finally showed a flicker of interest!
“This guy’s only at third-rank Transcendence Realm. Even if he can fight above his level, how’s his body this tough?” the red-haired old man said, frowning slightly!
“Interesting, this Chen Ping’s starting to pique my curiosity more and more!”
A faint smile curled on Young Master Ming’s lips!
“It’s not just his body that’s strong, that sword of his is a divine weapon, and he’s even got a divine qilin beast with him. Could there really be some massive power backing this guy?” the red-haired old man said, almost in disbelief!
After all, these things shouldn’t be in the hands of a lone cultivator. Whether it’s the Dragon-Slaying Sword or the fire qilin, they’re top-tier treasures. Without a huge, wealthy clan behind him, how could he have them?
Even if Chen Ping had Sun-Moon City backing him, they wouldn’t have the strength to possess such things!
“No matter what power’s behind him, he’s got my attention now, and there’s only one outcome for anyone who catches my eye!” Young Master Ming chuckled.
“Death!” the red-haired old man said slowly!
“Exactly!” Young Master Ming nodded, “That Spirit Sect Master won’t last three more rounds. The rest of the three sects will step in, but they’re too pathetic, they can’t handle Chen Ping at all!”
“With so many people, the three sects still can’t take him down?”
The red-haired old man looked surprised!
“The three sects have numbers, but Chen Ping’s got people too. If I’m not wrong, the Tenth Hall Master’s one of his as well,” Young Master Ming said with a smirk, swirling his wine glass!
“What?” The red-haired old man froze, “How could the Tenth Hall Master of the Divine Hall be Chen Ping’s man? That’s impossible!”
“The Tenth Hall Master’s been sneaking peeks for a while now, waiting for the right moment to strike. The second Chen Ping shows weakness, he’ll jump in!” Young Master Ming explained!
“Why? Why would he? How could the Tenth Hall Master lower himself to serve a third-rank Transcendence Realm nobody?”
The red-haired old man couldn’t wrap his head around it.
“Because whatever’s backing Chen Ping fills the Tenth Hall Master with despair and fear, simple as that…”
Young Master Ming’s face oozed confidence, certain his guess was spot-on!
The red-haired old man fell silent. What kind of power could make the Tenth Hall Master feel despair and fear?
Boom!
Just then, a deafening crash rang out. The Spirit Sect Master’s body shattered completely, his soul dissipating in the massive collision!
The three sects were down to two!
“Kid, we really underestimated you…” Qian Xiaohan said coldly, glaring at Chen Ping!
“Let the Tang Sect’s cultivators have a go at you…”
The Tang Sect’s Grand Elder rose slowly into the air, followed by a dozen Tang Sect disciples behind him!
“Shameless bastards, ganging up and using a war of attrition, think we’ve got no one?”
Lin Kefan spat a curse and shot into the air!
At the same time, Hua Yueying, Xuan Bin, Cang Yue, Zhou Tang, and Yun Li all took flight.
The Tenth Hall Master, meanwhile, lurked among the onlookers, primed to step in!
In this lawless land, there was no way to replenish resources on the fly, so a drawn-out fight like this would drain Chen Ping heavily!
“No need for you lot to get involved, I’m enough to handle these clowns…”
Chen Ping eyed the Tang Sect crew, his gaze dripping with disdain!
The Dragon-Slaying Sword pulsed with sword intent, trembling the surrounding void, the air thick with its terrifying presence!
The Tang Sect Grand Elder gripped a butterfly dagger, the sect’s signature hidden weapon, its blade glinting with a dark sheen, clearly laced with deadly poison.
The Tang Sect disciples behind him radiated power too, each armed with an array of hidden weapons, impossible to guard against!
The Grand Elder locked eyes on Chen Ping’s Dragon-Slaying Sword, narrowing his gaze, “Chen Ping, I know you can fight above your level because of that precious sword. Without it, you’d struggle to beat even a fresh Immortal Transformation Realm cultivator.”
“Do you dare put away your Dragon-Slaying Sword and face me one-on-one? Got the guts for that?”
The Grand Elder, wary of the sword, threw out this challenge!
“Pah, have you no shame? Asking someone to ditch their weapon now? Tang Sect’s got some thick skin!”
Lin Kefan spat hard!