“Young Master, then what do we do?”The old man asked!
“Then hasn’t Sun Moon City sought revenge on Chen Ping?”Huo Qing asked!
“Retaliation was taken, Lin Ke Fan personally brought someone here, only …… only ……”
The old man was a little hesitant, not knowing how to say it!
“Only what? If you have something to say, say it directly!”Huo Qing frowned and said!
“It’s just that that Lin Kefan didn’t capture that Chen Ping, it seems like he invited them to Sun Moon City.”
“When they left the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, they were talking and laughing, and that Lin Kefan was even fawning, I don’t know what for!”
The old man said!
“Oh, there’s such a thing?”Huo Qing was puzzled, “That Lin Kefan is at the Immortalisation Realm, and is considered to be a gifted and proud fellow, how could he have a fawning face towards that Chen Ping?”
“Could it be that Lin Kefan knows that there is someone behind Chen Ping, that’s why he is behaving this way?”The old man analysed!
“It’s possible, but even if there is someone behind that Chen Ping, is he stronger than Sun Moon City?”
Huo Qing was puzzled!
The strength of Sun Moon City was considered one of the top two existences in the Celestial Realm, would Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the Mahayana Realm, have a backer behind him that was stronger than the strength of Sun Moon City?
Huo Qing was a little less convinced, right now he knew nothing about the power behind Chen Ping!
“Young Master, if that Chen Ping follows Sun Moon City in an alliance, I’m afraid that this Ten Temples will be in danger, we’d better plan ahead!”
The old man reminded in a low voice!
“It is indeed time to make plans.”Huo Qing nodded, then said, “You go and issue an emergency edict for my father to send some experts over.”
“Young Master, you want to help the Ten Temples?”The old man was shocked!
“Hmph, I’m not going to help, the destruction of the Ten Temples has nothing to do with me either, maybe the destruction of the Ten Temples will allow me to re-form the Ten Temples.”
“I am afraid that Chen Ping will be unfavourable to me, right now it’s just you and me, if that Chen Ping is really unfavourable to me, I’m afraid I won’t even have a chance to escape!”
Huo Qing knew very well that if Chen Ping followed Sun Moon City to join forces, it would be very difficult for the Ten Temples to resist!
The Ten Temples could be destroyed, but he couldn’t die, he had only come to the Ten Temples to gild the lily, he might be transferred to another temple one day!
“I understand!”
After the old man finished speaking, he unexpectedly pulled out a token and then crushed it!
Along with the token shattering, the void trembled and a voice slowly came out!
“What’s wrong?”
The old voice seemed to penetrate through the cosmic stars and rivers and travelled here!
“Father, my son is in danger ……”
Huo Qing hurriedly said!
“Hmm!”The old voice merely hmmmed, and then never moved again!
Huo Qing’s eyes narrowed slightly, his expression somewhat awkward!
“Young Master, don’t worry, the Master will definitely send someone.”
The old man comforted Huo Qing!
Huo Qing nodded and reclined on the bed, playing with the child’s head!
…………
Chen Ping followed Lin Kefan’s trio back to Sun Moon City!
But not long after they had just left the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, suddenly several terrifying auras came straight for them in the distance!
Lin Kefan frowned slightly, “Who is so bold as to dare to run towards us?”
The Flower Staff Weng and Ink Slayer Shadow looked at each other and were also a little shocked, as these several auras were very powerful!
However, in the blink of an eye, these several auras arrived in front of Chen Ping and the others!
The leading two were surprisingly Xuan Bin and Zhou Tang!
The two had taken Chen Ping’s Immortal Spirit Stones and had gone to help Chen Ping recruit helpers, and now the two had brought several cultivators with them!
Without exception, all of these cultivators were at the peak of the ninth level of the Mahayana realm, and they had the strongest desire for Immortal Spirit Stones!
“Release Mr Chen and spare your lives ……”
Xuan Bin looked towards the Lin Ke Fan trio and said in an ice-cold voice!
While speaking, several others had also prepared for battle, one by one, their breath filled the air, ready to strike at any time!