“Chen Ping, that’s Chen Ping …………”
Liu Ruyan shouted excitedly as she saw the figure in mid-air!
“It’s Mr. Chen, Master, it’s really Mr. Chen ……”
Fang Shu saw that it was Chen Ping and shouted excitedly too!
The Third Elder, on the other hand, had wet eyes and old tears!
Chen Ping was not dead, not only was he not dead, but he had broken through to the Realm of Transformation!
In this way, they, the people, would be saved!
And after the Second Elder and Ochre Yan saw that it was Chen Ping who had made the breakthrough, each of their faces turned ugly to the extreme!
“Do it quickly, while that Chen Ping hasn’t finished his breakthrough yet ……”
The Second Elder hurriedly shouted out!
Seeing this, Ochre Yan immediately waved his hand, and several demonic cultivators ran straight towards Chen Ping, with various weapons in their hands, wielding them out together towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, the Third Elder and Liu Ruyan and the others leapt up as well!
“Protect Mr. Chen ……”
The Third Elder shouted!
He knew that at this time, it was imperative to ensure Chen Ping’s safety, as long as Chen Ping completed his breakthrough, they, the people, would be saved!
In a flash, the crowd was in mid-air, mixing and fighting together!
And at this moment, Chen Ping opened his eyes with a fierce force, and a majestic aura instantly enveloped the entire Jade Tripod Sect!
Several demonic cultivators were instantly shaken out by this aura, one by one, spitting out blood and losing their combat power!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping waved his palm and thousands of spiritual energy, condensed into a flying sword, instantly shot out!
Whoosh whoosh ……
The flying swords streaked across the room, and one by one, the demon cultivators were unable to dodge and were instantly struck by the flying swords, one by one, they fell to the ground screaming in misery!
In a flash, the disciples of the Second Elder’s lineage and the demonic cultivators brought by Ochre Yan were killed and injured by this wave of Chen Ping’s hand!
The crowd looked at Chen Ping in shock, their faces filled with expressions of disbelief!
So many of them had risen up to resist, but in the end, they were almost all wiped out!
But once Chen Ping had struck, with a mere wave of his hand, he had directly killed and injured most of those demon cultivators!
Chen Ping had only just broken through the Transformation Realm and reached the Harmony Realm!
The worst of these demon cultivators were all at the eighth rank of the Harmonisation Realm, and there were many Harmonisation Realm experts among them, but they couldn’t last a single move in Chen Ping’s hands!
“Mr. Chen, you …… are actually still alive, great, really great ……”
The Third Elder looked at Chen Ping and suddenly burst into old tears!
“Mr. Chen ……” Nie Heng hurriedly stepped forward and respectfully gave Chen Ping a salute!
Chen Ping nodded slightly, then asked “What the hell is going on here? How come there are so many demonic cultivators in the Jade Tripod Sect?”
Chen Ping did not know that the Second Elder was also scheming to take over the Jade Tripod Sect’s head!
“Mr. Chen, the thing is like this ……”
The Third Elder followed Chen Ping in detail and told him what had happened!
After listening, Chen Ping couldn’t help but look at that Second Elder with a bit of admiration in his eyes!
He didn’t expect that this Second Elder was so meticulous, he had pitted the Third Elder and Hu Yixiao against each other!
“Your calculation is very good, it’s just a pity that you left me out ……”
Chen Ping looked at the Second Elder and said with a cold smile!
The Second Elder’s face was gloomy as he stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to be alive and to have made a breakthrough!
But the commotion of this breakthrough to the Realm of Transformation was just a little too big!
“Chen Ping, don’t think that just because you suddenly struck out and killed some of my men, you feel remarkable.”
“No matter who comes today, they won’t be able to stop me from sitting on the patriarch’s throne.”
The Second Elder gritted his teeth, then looked at Ochre Yan and said “This Chen Ping is in your hands, as long as you kill him, you can use the resources of the Jade Tripod Sect as you wish!”
Upon hearing this, Ochre Yan nodded and then looked coldly at Chen Ping and said “Kid, I couldn’t kill you last time, I won’t let you get away this time ……”
When Ochre Yan finished speaking, his body rose up in a blazing flame, and with a violent push of his palms, the sky was swept towards Chen Ping like a sea wave of flames!
Ochre Yan knew that Chen Ping’s strength had increased, so he pulled out a masterstroke as soon as he struck!