Kyoto Martial Arts Union.
At this moment, Ning Zhi’s face looked worse than if he had eaten sh*t!
With the help of his soul, he had only managed to reach the rank of Grand Martial Marquis, and originally thought that there was no one else in the younger generation who could stand up to him but Chen Ping!
As long as Chen Ping died, the entire younger generation of the martial arts world would be his to reckon with!
But now, out of nowhere, many more clans had suddenly appeared, and the youngsters in these clans were all at the level of Great Martial Marquis!
This kind of blow was too much for Ning Zhi to bear!
“Why, why …… did these people just pop up from nowhere?”
Ning Zhi hissed desperately, smashing things over and over again to vent the anger in his heart!
“What’s supposed to come, always comes, and you still want to be a human being? It’s a joke!”
At this moment, in Ning Zhi’s mind, that soul’s hoarse voice came out!
“Senior, what do you mean? Could it be that if the two of us work together, we still can’t dominate this Martial Dao world?”
Ning Zhi said with a slight frown.
He had to know that the soul spirit within him was an old monster that had existed for thousands of years, so with such a person aiding him, how could he not dominate the Martial Dao Realm?
“Hahahaha, joke, what a joke, if I had that kind of strength, how would I reside inside this body of yours.”
“I’m just an insignificant minion, you still want to dominate.”
“The prophecy will be fulfilled soon, and when that time comes, you and I will be nothing more than ants!”
The spirit laughed loudly, but the sound of his laughter was somewhat desolate!
“Senior, what prophecy? What the hell is going on here?”
Ning Zhi’s face was full of confusion as he wondered what the hell this spirit was talking about.
It was just a pity that no matter how much Ning Zhi asked, the spirit would no longer speak!
…………
The Kyoto Protector’s Pavilion!
The disturbances in the martial arts world had likewise attracted the attention of the officials!
“Mr. Shi, many clans have recently sprung up in the martial world, making high-profile appearances, and the martial alliances in various places, as well as the martial world rankings, are all being rapidly refreshed!”
“Among them is a fellow called Jiang Wei who, in just three days, has fought seventy-six martial arts masters in a row without a single defeat!”
“If this continues, I’m afraid that the Martial Dao Realm will be in chaos ……”
Xing Jun cautiously said to Mr. Shi.
“Let them be, it’s not just the martial arts world that’s going to be in chaos anymore, the real chaos is coming soon!”
“All we can do is watch, the catastrophe that happened thousands of years ago, I wonder if it will be repeated!”
Mr. Shi’s eyes were slightly closed and his face looked very haggard!
Looking at Mr. Shi’s appearance, Xing Jun was also heartbroken, he opened his mouth, but finally closed it again, not saying a word!
“What else do you want to say, just say it ……”
Mr. Shi still had his eyes closed and said indifferently.
“Mr. Shi, the Watanabe family of the island nation, has never given up on infiltrating our country, but every time we have blocked it.”
“But this time, the island nation has sent a direct note to come to our country in the name of a mission, so it is not good for us to be intercepting it!”
Xing Jun reported.
Mr Shi frowned slightly, all this time, he had been holding back the Watanabe family, otherwise the Watanabe family didn’t know how many a*sa*sins they would have sent against Chen Ping!
But now, the other side had directly changed their approach, which made Mr. Shi a little unprepared!
“Since the other side has gone through the formal procedure and issued a note, it’s time to let them in, so let them in, but keep an eye on the people for me.”
“And the mission personnel, check each and every one of them carefully for me!”
Mr Shi ordered.
“Understood!” Xing Jun nodded!
As Xing Jun walked back, Mr. Shi opened his eyes, and there was exhaustion in his eyes.
“Chen Ping, there may not be much more I can do to help you, you’ll have to walk the road behind you ……”
Shi muttered!