Although Luo Jinzuo’s face showed disdain, his body nevertheless erupted with a terrifying aura.
He could sense that Ding Bu’er’s palm was definitely not less powerful.
Luo Jinzuo struck first with an explosive shout, and then blasted out with an incomparably powerful palm!
Clap!
In the ears of the crowd, it was as if the sound of waves recalled, like waves of shock and majesty!
Bang!
The two men’s palms, once again, clashed together.
“How dare you fight hard against my Soul Breaking Palm, you’re looking for death!” Ding Bu’er shouted angrily.
When Ding Bu’er saw that this Luo Jinzuo had actually followed him in a hard fight, a hint of smugness flashed across his face.
His Soul-Severing Palm was highly poisonous, and the wind of his palm was full of poisonous gas.
If this Luo Jinzuo followed his palm, he would be seeking his own death.
But soon, Ding Bu’er was surprised to find that Luo Jinzuo’s palm had a triple force!
One was even stronger than the other!
The first one instantly cancelled out the strength of his palm!
The second one forced the poisonous energy backwards!
The third, it invaded the tendons in his arm and exploded!
Boom!
There was an explosion!
Ding Bu’er’s arm instantly turned black!
The powerful force even sent his entire body flying!
Poof!
While he was still in the air, Ding Bu’er spurted out a mouthful of blood, suffering from internal injuries!
Ding Bu Er was still not as strong as that Luo Jin Zuo.
“Second Brother ……”
Ding Bu Si was fighting with the others, when he saw that Ding Bu Er was injured, he immediately rushed over and helped Ding Bu Er up.
“Lao Si, I’m fine, I can’t die!”
Ding Bu Er wiped a handful of blood from the corner of his mouth.
The blackened arm, quickly recovered, after years and years of cultivation, Ding Bu’er had long been immune to the poison of the Soul Breaking Palm.
“Second brother, let’s go together and scrap this kid first ……”
Ding Bu Si intended to follow Ding Bu Er and join forces to nullify Luo Jin Zuo first.
After all, it was Luo Jinzuo who was the protagonist who led the attack on the Valley of Evil this time.
If Luo Jinzuo was nullified, this battle might stop.
Ding Bu Er nodded, and in an instant the two men headed towards Luo Jin Zuo.
But Luo Jinzuo was also surrounded by several Luo family experts, and in an instant they were tangled up.
On the other side, Ding did not dare to take on five half-step Martial Marquis by himself.
His hands were casting out daoist spells, and a cloud of purple flames surrounded him.
The five Half-step Martial Marquises were also fighting with all their might.
Each of them cast out their bottom cards, and countless rays of light covered the sky as a terrifying aura enveloped Ding Da’s head.
Rumble …………
The entire front of the Vicious Valley had become a purgatory field, with mutilated limbs and broken arms, and rivers of blood flowing …………
Whether it was the Valley of the Wicked, or the Shadowless Villa and the Pill God Valley, all fought to their death to protect the entrance of the valley.
They did not allow anyone to rush into the Valley of the Wicked and disturb Chen Ping.
The battle raged from dawn to dark ……
At this time, Ding Buzan, with a few experts from the Vicious Man Valley, was guarding the surroundings of the Devil Zhen Tower. Listening to the fighting outside, Ding Buzan had long been anxious.
“Third leader, I don’t know how the boss and the others are doing, or should we go out and take a look?”
An expert from the Vicious Valley asked.
“No, big brother said that no matter what happens, we can’t leave, we have to make sure that Mr. Chen is safe ……”
Ding Buzan shook his head and said.
In fact, at this moment, Ding Buzan convened more than anyone else, the experts of the Vicious Valley were almost all left to him.
Now outside the killing from dawn until dark, still no intention to stop.
What was going on outside, Ding Buzan also wanted to know.
But he could not leave, he knew that all the fighting outside was for Chen Ping who was cultivating at the moment.
If he left and someone broke in, then all the fighting outside would be in vain.
“Mr. Chen, I hope you can cultivate faster ah ……”
Ding Buzan looked in the direction of the Demon Subduing Tower and muttered to himself.