But even so, it was still unbearable, so it seemed that the four Black Gold Robes were all Martial Saints, there was no doubt about it!
The people of Hong Qianjiu who had fallen to the ground looked at the four Black Gold Robes in front of them in horror.
Four Martial Saints, this kind of strength was no longer something they could handle!
And when the people from the other clans saw this scene, they all stood to Ning Zhi’s side and unconsciously began to battle team.
But they didn’t even know that Ning Zhi was not fighting for them and trying to help them, but he wanted them dead!
“Can we all go in now?”
Ning Zhi looked at Hong Qianjiu and asked with a cold smile.
Hong Qianjiu didn’t say anything, he just lowered his head, facing absolute strength, he could only bow his head!
“Alright, everyone can enter in an orderly manner ……”
Seeing this, Ning Zhi shouted directly!
As soon as the crowd heard this, they all swarmed towards the ruins and pushed their way in, you scrambled and even trampled!
Looking at the scene before him, the corners of Ning Zhi’s mouth curled up into a smile.
“These people aren’t from ordinary martial arts families, they’re demonic cultivators ……”
Zhou Jie looked at the four black and gold robes and said with a very ugly face.
Although the four black and gold robes had all changed their costumes, Zhou Jie had felt it when they had just struck!
After all, the Demon Spirit Sect and the Demon Heart Sect belonged to the same lineage, and Zhou Jie could sense the aura of the four black golden robes!
Seeing Zhou Jie say this, Hu Puzi and Ge Fuhai all looked surprised!
Chen Ping, however, said indifferently, “I know, they are the black and gold robes of the Martial Dao Alliance in Kyoto, and the one covered in black and gold is Ning Zhi.”
“People from the Martial Arts Alliance?”
Pocky Hu and Ge Fuhai and the others were all startled!
They hadn’t expected that people from the Martial Dao Alliance had come, and four Martial Saints had come as well.
“Why are the people from the Martial Dao Alliance helping these people from the World Families? Could it be that they don’t want to monopolise the relics and occupy this Penglai Island?”
Pocky Hu was astonished, he couldn’t figure out why this Ning Zhi was doing this!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he also couldn’t understand what medicine Ning Zhi was selling inside his gourd.
“We all need to be careful, it seems that this sudden appearance of the relic is more like a conspiracy.”
Chen Ping warned to the crowd!
And at this moment, Lu Factory’s expression was very grave, the appearance of the demonic cultivators was beyond his expectations.
“My lord, what should we do? Should we still go in?”
One of his men asked to Lu Factory.
“Go in, since we’re here, we’ll go in and take a look, but none of you should reveal your strength easily, just watch from behind.”
After saying this, Lv Factory led his men towards the ruins as well!
As he pa*sed by Chen Ping, he couldn’t help but glance at Chen Ping, and similarly Chen Ping also looked at that Lv Factory, the two met at eye level, but quickly both averted their gazes.
After everyone had gone in, Chen Ping led the others to follow him in. Nearly a thousand people entered the ruins, but the ruins did not seem crowded at all, so it was clear how large the ruins were!
Inside the empty ruins, apart from a stone altar in the middle, there was nothing at all!
Faced with this scene, everyone was dumbfounded!
How was it possible that a ruin protected by such a powerful formation was empty?
Many people didn’t believe it and knocked on the stone walls everywhere, but there was no mechanism at all, while others kept looking around on top of the divine altar and found that it was just some stones!
“Brother Jiu, what is going on here?”
Zhu Hao asked to Hong Qianjiu.
After all their efforts and so many deaths, they had entered the relic and it was empty.
Hong Qianjiu was frowning at this moment, and couldn’t understand it at all.
“Have someone look carefully, I don’t believe this place can be empty, there must be a mechanism.”
Hong Qianjiu said.
Soon, Zhu Hao led the men to look for it bit by bit.