After Huo Yuan Ting finished speaking, the Divine Flame Seal in his hand emitted a gust of flaming aura, and a terrifying heat wave swept towards the crowd!
Feeling the heat wave emanating from the Divine Flame Seal, everyone in the Old Sect Master’s lineage had a look of concentration on their faces!
The old Sect Master was also frowning slightly as the aura on his body slowly radiated out!
Originally, this Divine Flame Seal was in his hands to recognise the Lord, and it was because he found out that Huo Yuan Ting had the intention to rebel that the old Sect Master placed the Divine Flame Seal in the Divine Volcano!
The reason for this was that even if Huo Yuanting became the master of the door, it would only be temporary, after all, without the Divine Flame Seal, it would be impossible to become the true master of the door!
But now, he found that the Divine Flame Seal no longer had the slightest connection with him, and it looked like that Huo Yuanting had really let the Divine Flame Seal recognise his master!
And Huo Yuanting laughed as he felt the old Sect Master’s aura!
“Hahaha, Old Sect Master although you’re not in madness right now, it’s obvious that your divine sense is severely damaged and you haven’t fully recovered yet.”
“Do you think that this strength of your own right now is suitable to be a Sect Master?”
Huo Yuan Ting held the Divine Flame Seal and questioned the old Sect Master!
The old Sect Master was silent, and withdrew all of his breath as well!
It was true that he hadn’t fully recovered now, and if he really clashed with Huo Yuanting, they wouldn’t be able to take advantage at all.
“Huo Yuanting, since you’ve already claimed the Divine Flame Seal as your master, then you’ll be the Sect Master of the Violet Flame Sect!”
The old Sect Master compromised!
Hearing the old Sect Master say this, Huo Yuanting wore a cold smile on his face as he swept a glance at Elder Yu and the others, “Did you hear that? Now I’m the real Sect Master, why don’t you kneel down ……”
Elder Yu and the others had no choice but to all kneel down!
The old Sect Master had admitted it, what else could they do!
Seeing Elder Yu and the others all kneeling down in front of him, Huo Yuan Ting burst out laughing!
“Today I officially became the Sect Master of the Purple Flame Sect, so I’m going to re-establish the rules and fix the Purple Flame Sect’s style!”
“Elder Yu and the others, colluded with the Ghostface Sect with the intention of subverting our Purple Flame Sect, and they also accepted other people’s possessions to seek positions for outsiders in the Purple Flame Sect.”
“I now announce that Elder Yu and the others are all expelled from the Purple Flame Sect, abolishing all identities, and will never be disciples of the Purple Flame Sect again.”
“Zhu Ling, because she has been hoodwinked, all of them are confined for ten years as a punishment!”
The moment Huo Yuan Ting’s words left his mouth, the scene was in an uproar!
Even the old Sect Master didn’t expect that Huo Yuan Ting had just assumed his position, and this was turning on someone from his own lineage!
This is too fast, is it that urgent?
It was already obvious that this was targeting him!
In particular, Elder Yu and the others had gone so far as to directly pin a charge on him for colluding with the Ghostface Sect, which was clearly Huo Yuan Ting colluding with the Ghostface Sect!
To say that he had accepted property and brought people into the Purple Flame Sect, Elder Yu could admit it and accept the punishment!
But to say that he colluded with a demonic cultivator, he could not admit it to death!
“Huo Yuan Ting, you’re spitting blood, it’s clearly you who colluded with the Ghostface Sect, how dare you falsely accuse us!”
Elder Yu retorted angrily!
“Elder Yu, is this how you speak after the Sect Master? No big deal, the offence is aggravated!”
That Elder Tian immediately reprimanded Elder Yu!
Elder Yu gritted his teeth, his face reddening!
It would be fine if he was falsely accused of one person and he alone was expelled from the Violet Flame Sect, but now he was going to expel all the disciples of the old Sect Master’s lineage from the Violet Flame Sect!
Aside from the old sect master and Zhu Ling, the rest of the others were going to be kicked out!
Although after Huo Yuan Ting became the Acting Sect Master, the resources of the disciples in their old Sect Master’s lineage were distributed a lot less, but after all, they relied on the Purple Flame Sect, and there were still resources to be distributed!
Whether it was pills, immortal herbs, or even a divine volcano to aid in their cultivation, these were all helpful to them!
But if they were kicked out of the Violet Flame Sect, where could so many people go?