When Elder Chu turned back and looked at Zuo Xuan, Zuo Xuan’s face actually still had an unfulfilled look on it!
He was very strange and didn’t understand what exactly Zuo Xuan had seen that he would look like this.
If he were to know that Zuo Xuan made him stick around just to look at women, he would probably be furious!
“My lord, that Chen Ping is following the team, and there are quite a few powerful cultivators amongst them, so when it comes to catching that Chen Ping, it’s better to hand it over to the rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, so you shouldn’t get involved at this point.”
Elder Chu persuaded Zuo Xuan!
“Uncle Chu, the more it is like this, the more we have to go out personally, with the strength of the rudder, I’m afraid that we won’t be able to take that Chen Ping at all.”
Zuo Xuan insisted on going out personally!
However, at this moment, Zuo Xuan was not only out to catch Chen Ping, but also for the three girls in the team!
In this inhospitable Heavenly Demon Mountain, with three girls accompanying him, Zuo Xuan would not feel lonely!
When he was at the headquarters of the Demon Sealing Alliance, in order to quickly improve his strength, Zuo Tian Zheng did not allow Zuo Xuan to play with women!
Now that he is out and no one can care, Zuo Xuan certainly wants to enjoy himself!
Elder Chu looked at Zuo Xuan with a face full of helplessness!
“You guys immediately go and summon all the Demon Sealing Alliance disciples you can to come.”
Elder Chu said to the two helmsmen!
“Yes, sir!” The two helmsmen went to gather men!
“And that, go and get all the people from the Soulless Hall you can find as well, this Heavenly Demon Mountain is infested with demonic cultivators, there must be people from your Soulless Hall.”
Elder Chu ordered to that Elder Fei of the Soulless Hall!
Now that Zuo Xuan was playful and always looking for something to do, Elder Chu had to order additional manpower!
Zuo Tianzheng only has such a precious son, if something really happens, none of them will want to live!
After Elder Fei heard this, he could only nod and went to look for those people from the Soulless Hall alone!
“My lord, I need to recover, so let’s stay here for now and not move until they find the people.”
Elder Chu said to Zuo Xuan!
“Good, just listen to Uncle Chu.” Zuo Xuan nodded!
On the other side, Chen Ping and the others continued to move towards the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, because they knew that there were people spying on them, so everyone was extra cautious!
“Why do I feel eerie here?”
As they travelled, Cai Qiannan tightened her collar and said!
“This Heavenly Demon Mountain is very heavy with demonic energy, your cultivation is low and you have been enveloped by the demonic energy for a long time, that’s why you feel eerie, I have an elixir here, you should feel much better if you eat it.”
Chen Ping took out an elixir and handed it to Cai Qiannan and said!
Cai Qiannan glanced at Chen Ping, then turned out the elixir and swallowed it without hesitation, soon the body was warm and that eerie feeling that made one’s heart skip a beat was gone!
“No wonder this Heavenly Demon Mountain is a holy land for demonic cultivators, this place has a particularly thick Yin Qi and Fury, very suitable for demonic cultivation.”
Elder Miao opened his mouth and said!
“Everyone use your aura to protect your heart chakra, if you are enveloped in all this Yin and Fatal Qi for a long time, it will cause your body to have problems.”
Chen Ping reminded everyone!
Everyone protected their heart chakra and then continued on their way, this way they came across quite a few corpses of demonic beasts and some cultivators who had died tragically!
It was obvious that these cultivators had first entered the Heavenly Demon Mountain and then encountered demonic beasts, which was why they were exposed to the wilderness!
Here, no one would waste time because of a corpse!
This was the cruelty of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, everyone was struggling on the brink of death, not knowing when they would be in danger, so no one would care about each other, but danger also came with opportunity!
Just as the crowd was travelling, Chen Ping suddenly stopped and immediately shouted, “There are demonic cultivators …………”
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, everyone instantly took up an attack stance!