Chen Ping left the teleportation array and soon saw Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan!
Seeing that Chen Ping had also teleported over, Ruyan Liu excitedly went over and hugged Chen Ping!
She was afraid that Chen Ping would be in the Central Region Apothecary Society and be in some sort of trouble!
“Mr Chen, where are we going next? Should we report to the Western Region Apothecary Association and then prepare for the Apothecary Conference?”
Nie Heng asked to Chen Ping!
“No need, the Apothecary Assembly isn’t being held in this Yongle City anymore.”
Chen Ping said!
“What?”
“Why?”
Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan were all stunned and asked incredulously!
“The specific reason, I wouldn’t understand even if I told you guys, this time, the Apothecary Conference is expected to be interesting, and it’s going to be held in some other place.”
“You guys just follow me, as long as I can go, I will definitely take you two with me.”
Chen Ping did not follow the two in detail, after all, there were many things that Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng did not necessarily know!
“Alright!”Ruyan Liu nodded!
“By the way, President Chen inquired about me, wanting you guys to join the Central Region Apothecary Guild as well, and then participate in the Apothecary Conference in the name of the Central Region Apothecary Guild.”
“Are you two willing?”
Chen Ping remembered Chen Wenliang’s words and asked!
“Of course I’m willing, if we can join the Central Region Apothecary Association, our Jade Tripod Sect will be considered as someone who has a backer.”
“The Northern Region Apothecary Society exists in name only, it can’t be relied upon at all.”
Upon hearing this, Liu Ruyan immediately nodded happily and said!
For a small pill refining sect like the Jade Tripod Sect, it would definitely be beneficial if they could join the Pill Master Association!
Not only would they be able to obtain a lot of resources, they would also be able to ask each other for advice and raise the standard of medicine in the sect.
“Alright, after meeting President Chen, I’ll tell him.”
“Now you guys come with me, I’ll take you to meet a few people!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he used a sound transmission jade slip to contact Ji Yun!
Then after Ji Yun told gave Chen Ping the exact location, Chen Ping led Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan to the Zhen family!
When Bai Shallow and Fire Phoenix saw Chen Ping, they were all very excited!
After such a long time, they had never known what was going on with Chen Ping, and they were very worried inwardly!
Although in the middle, Chen Ping had followed Ji Yun’s voice transmission jade slips to contact him once, but without seeing his face, he would be worried all the time!
Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix hugged Chen Ping together, very excited!
Seeing this scene, Ruyan Liu’s heart had long been relieved.
She knew that Chen Ping had many women, Fire Phoenix she also knew, it was just that Bai Shallow Ruyan Liu didn’t know her, it should be a new girl that Chen Ping knew!
“Sister Ruyan, why are you here as well?”
After hugging after Chen Ping, when Fire Phoenix saw Ruyan Liu, she immediately let go of Chen Ping and ran to Ruyan Liu and asked!
“I came here to attend the Apothecary Conference, I didn’t expect to bump into Chen Ping, so I came together.”
Liu Ruyan said with a smile!
“Sister Ruyan, I’ll introduce you to a sister, this is the Fox Imperial Daughter Bai Shallow, also the master’s dao partner.”
“Bai Shallow, this is the Jade Tripod Sect’s Liu Ruyan ……”
The fire phoenix threaded a bridge in the middle, introducing the two to each other, which would have been more or less awkward if Chen Ping had introduced himself!
Fire Phoenix in this way, but with Chen Ping helped a lot!
Liu Ruyan looked at Bai Shao, her heart was calm, very generously extended her hand and said, “Hello ……”
“Hello, your time with Chen Ping is earlier than mine, I should call you a sister, right?”
Bai Shao was also generous!
After all, in the Celestial Realm, it was normal for a man to have more than one woman!
As long as a man was capable and strong, he could just find one!
“Bai Qian, the matter of Hu Huang City, I will find a way to take it back for you from that Feng family.”
“But it will have to wait until after the Pill God Conference is over, if you dare to touch my woman, I will make the people of the Feng Family pay the price.”
Chen Ping was afraid that Bai Shao had been uncomfortable in her heart because of the occupation of Hu Huang City, so he said!