Blood Spirit Peak these wide eyed, who not only in easy to move!
Cheng Jing would wait viciously for Luo Shouhai, how could he not expect that Luo Shouhai’s strength had grown so fast, making him so wretched!
Just when Cheng Jinghui didn’t know how to deal with Luo Shouhai, Luo Shouhai’s punch arrived again!
He wouldn’t give Cheng Jinghui the slightest chance to catch his breath, much less the slightest bit of mercy!
He was going to kill Cheng Jinghui alive!
Boom!
Luo Shouhai’s angry fist smashed out, and the void trembled continuously!
Cheng Jing would resist again, but a mouthful of blood spurted out, and his entire body was sent flying against the ground!
Rumble …………
Cheng Jinghui’s body, like a cannonball, collapsed one house after another, and the ground was even cut a deep gully directly!
In the end, Cheng Jinghui directly crashed into the mountain gate of the Blood Spirit Peak, and only stopped his body after collapsing the mountain gate!
Those Blood Spirit Peak disciples, looking at their own patriarch in this state and their own clan in a mess, all of them had very ugly faces!
Although Cheng Jinghui had been beaten into this state, Luo Shouhai didn’t stop in the slightest, but instead, with a single step of his feet, his entire body instantly arrived in front of Cheng Jinghui again!
He then raised his fist and threw another punch at Cheng Jinghui, who was full of woes!
“Senior brother, don’t kill me, I was wrong ……”
Cheng Jinghui looked at Luo Shouhai and began to beg for mercy!
Only, Luo Shouhai’s eyes were filled with killing intent and anger, and would not listen to that Cheng Jinghui’s pleas for mercy at all!
If he was spared with a single plea for mercy, then the lives of dozens of disciples from Blood Spirit Peak would be too cheap!
“You go to hell and follow your master to admit your mistakes ……”
Luo Shouhai slammed his fist down!
But just as Luo Shouhai smashed down, that Cheng Jinghui suddenly disappeared!
It was as if the entire person had suddenly disappeared!
Luo Shouhai’s fist slammed down hard on the ground, smashing out a deep pit!
Seeing Cheng Jinghui suddenly disappear, Chen Ping and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder were also stunned!
“Where is the person? How did he suddenly disappear?”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder asked in disbelief!
Luo Shouhai also looked around and did not find where that Cheng Jing would be!
“People don’t disappear out of thin air, he must be nearby, feel his scent.”
Chen Ping said to Luo Shouhai!
Luo Shouhai nodded, then dispersed his divine sense to feel that Cheng Jinghui’s aura!
But just as Luo Shouhai had just dispersed his divine sense, he suddenly felt the earth tremble, while the earth under his feet began to crack, spreading in all directions like a spider’s web!
At the same time, a ray of light shot out from underground and surrounded Luo Shouhai!
“Luo Gu Master be careful, this is a spell formation ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly warned loudly!
Before Luo Shouhai could react, he only saw that Cheng Jinghui had unexpectedly rushed straight out from underground!
A ray of light from all around shone on Cheng Jinghui’s body, and a divine pattern appeared on his body as his body followed suit and radiated light!
Rumble!
Cheng Jinghui’s power was climbing rapidly, and within his body, a manic aura was rising!
Cheng Jinghui’s face was full of grimace, his entire body seemed to have become maniacal, the current Cheng Jinghui looked like a fierce beast that had gone mad!
“This is what you forced me to do, you forced me to do this, I will sacrifice my life to open this Heaven Passing Formation!”
Cheng Jinghui hissed!
Luo Shouhai couldn’t help but frown as he looked at Cheng Jinghui!
He could feel the increase in power within Cheng Jinghui’s body, it seemed that this formation followed that sacrificial blood formation in a similar way!
“Go to hell ……”
Cheng Jinghui let out an explosive cry and the entire earth collapsed, then he blasted his fist towards Luo Shouhai.
Seeing this scene, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder frowned and was about to step forward to help!
However, he was stopped by Chen Ping!