Soul Demon Sect.
Patriarch Jiang was in seclusion, and the large and small matters within the sect were all held by Jiang Yulian!
In addition, with Ochre Yan assisting her, Jiang Yulian still managed the sect in an orderly manner!
Moreover, Ochre Yan and Jiang Yulian have formed a dual-cultivation partnership!
They kissed each other every day!
Although the overall strength of the Soul Demon Sect wasn’t very strong, due to the fact that the Soul Demon Sect had researched the divine soul quite Avray and was able to attack the divine soul, there weren’t many people to mess with!
Coupled with the fact that the Soul Demon Sect could help reshape the physical body, no matter if it was a demonic cultivator or a human race, they all used the Soul Demon Sect, so the Soul Demon Sect was quite peaceful!
“Vice Sovereign, there are a few people coming outside ……”
A Soul Demon Sect disciple reported!
“Here to reshape their flesh again?” Jiang Yulian asked!
“Not sure!” The Soul Demon Sect disciple shook his head!
“Yulian, let’s go out and take a look, maybe it’s Mr Chen guiding us here again.”
Ochre Yan said!
A few days ago, the people from the five major clans that the Soul Demon Sect received were the ones that Chen Ping had guided here, so maybe this time too!
Jiang Yulian nodded, then followed Ochre Yan out!
When he arrived at the entrance of the sect, he saw a black-robed youth, with a few of his men, was standing quietly at the entrance!
With a glance, one could tell the identity of the other party’s demonic cultivator!
However, Jiang Yulian didn’t care, no matter if it was a human or a demonic cultivator, they gave to reshape their flesh, provided that they gave enough resources of all kinds to do so!
“Fellow Daoists, I don’t know what you’re doing here in my Soul Demon Sect?”
Jiang Yulian stepped forward and said politely!
“Where is your Sect Master?”
The black-robed youth asked!
“Our Patriarch is in seclusion, it’s fine if you have something to find me, I’m already the Vice Patriarch of our Soul Demon Sect.”
Jiang Yulian said!
The black-robed youth sized up Jiang Yulian, then coldly said, “Do you know Chen Ping?”
As soon as they heard the words Chen Ping, Jiang Yulian and Ochre Yan instantly became alert!
Jiang Yulian shook her head, “I don’t know, I don’t know what a few of you are doing? If you’re not here to remould your flesh, then I won’t accompany you.”
After saying that, Jiang Yulian and Ochre Yan were about to leave!
However, they were stopped by a few people behind that black-robed youth!
Seeing this scene, many disciples of the Soul Demon Sect ran out!
They knew that these few guys had come to cause trouble!
The black-robed youth faced dozens of Soul Demon Sect disciples, but he didn’t show the slightest bit of timidity or panic!
“I’d advise you Soul Demon Sect to put on some smarts, we’re from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“Someone saw your Soul Demon Sect following that Chen Ping together, now where did that Chen Ping go, as long as you tell me, I can leave you alone.”
“After all, our Demon Sealing Alliance doesn’t care to deal with you tiny clans.”
The black-robed youth said!
Upon hearing that it was someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance, Jiang Yulian’s heart was filled with panic!
After all, what kind of organisation was the Demon Sealing Alliance, she knew it very well, and the Soul Demon Sect simply didn’t have the strength to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance and fight against it!
Ochre Yan, on the other hand, had his eyes slightly glazed over and said, “Good one, the Demon Sealing Alliance, are they all not pretending now?”
“As devil cultivators, you were ridden over and suppressed by the Demon Sealing Alliance, but now you’re loyal to the Demon Sealing Alliance, you’re really shameless.”
The black-robed youth, on the other hand, smiled coldly in disbelief, “We are co-operating, we can’t talk about allegiance or not, you guys only need to tell us the whereabouts of that Chen Ping.”
“Otherwise today is the Soul Demon Sect’s death anniversary ……”
As soon as the black-robed youth’s words fell, the ninth rank of the Transition Realm’s strength instantly erupted!
At this instant, the Soul Demon Sect’s crowd was suppressed to death, without the slightest resistance at all!
The ninth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm, for the Soul Demon Sect, was already untouchable and unresistable!
It had to be said that the strength of this Demon Sealing Alliance was indeed terrifying, casually sending out a demonic cultivator was actually the ninth rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm!
Thinking about Chen Ping’s path in the future, Ochre Yan became worried for Chen Ping.