Early the next morning!
Ning Zhi, with Gu Kaiyuan, came early to pick up Chen Ping from the Protector’s Pavilion.
Chen Ping got into Ning Zhi’s car, and the car then went onto the highway and headed straight for South China City.
Just as Chen Ping was getting into Ning Zhi’s car and rushing to South China City, Gu Ling’er had also bought her ticket to South China City!
Chen Ping and the others rushed for a whole day before they arrived in South China City. After arriving in South China City, Chen Ping found that it had surprisingly changed a lot and there were more people travelling.
Moreover, at the pier, there were cruise ships everywhere, and there were also quite a few travel agencies, all of which had posters of day trips to Locked Dragon Island on their doorsteps.
Chen Ping who saw this scene was a bit confused, when did Locked Dragon Island become a tourist destination for ordinary people?
Wasn’t Locked Dragon Island guarded by people from the Dragon Family?
The environment was not suitable for ordinary people to go up there to play.
Looking at Chen Ping’s dumbfounded look, Ning Zhi explained with a faint smile, “Ever since you obtained the Ice Dragon Dragon Crystal, the environment on Locked Dragon Island has changed drastically, and now the environment on the Dao is like spring in all seasons, and there are no more of those fierce beasts.”
“There is also no trace of the legendary Inferno Dragon at all, so the Dragon Family has also let go of Locked Dragon Island, making it a holy place for sightseeing and tourism, while the Dragon Family reaps a great deal of benefits from it!”
After listening to Ning Zhi’s explanation, Chen Ping then understood that the fact that Locked Dragon Island had become this way was all because of himself.
“Now that this Locked Dragon Island has become a tourist destination that everyone can visit, why are you still taking me there?”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
“As I said, keep it a secret for now!” Ning Zhi smiled, “You’re not going to cheat halfway through what you promised me, are you? I’ve taken you to meet your girlfriend.”
“Don’t worry, since I promised you, I’ll go with you!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Ning Zhi smiled and didn’t say anything more, but found a hotel to stay in, they were to leave early tomorrow morning!
Just after Chen Ping and the others had stayed, Gu Ling’er’s figure also appeared in South China City, but she was staying in a different hotel!
“Ling’er …………”
Just as Gu Ling’er was checking in, someone suddenly called out to her.
Gu Ling’er looked for the voice and found that it was surprisingly Gu Wentian.
“Grandpa ……”
Gu Ling’er’s face was full of excitement as she hurried over and hugged Gu Wentian, “Grandpa, why are you here?”
“I heard that a new tourist to place has opened in South China City, called something like Locked Dragon Island, the four seasons are like spring on it, the scenery is very good, so I asked your Uncle Su to go up there together for a stroll, always staying in Hongcheng, it’s boring to death!”
Gu Wentian said with a smile.
“Ling’er ……” At this time, Su Wenzong also shouted out.
“Uncle Su!” Gu Ling’er greeted towards Su Wenzong!
Behind Su Wenzong, there was that Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix, two people who looked like their injuries had already healed.
“Hello Miss Ling’er ……”
Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix, together, greeted after Gu Ling’er.
Gu Ling’er nodded in response!
“Ling’er, how come you’re here? Where is Chen Ping and the others?”
At this moment, Gu Wentian asked Gu Ling’er.
“I also heard that there was a Locked Dragon Island with great scenery, so I came over to have some fun, Chen Ping and Yu Qi weren’t with me!”
Gu Ling’er didn’t know what to say after Gu Wentian.
After all, Su Wenzong was also present, could she say that Su Yuqi had been arrested and that she had secretly followed Chen Ping here?
When Gu Wentian heard this, his face instantly turned cold and he hurriedly pulled Gu Ling’er aside, “Ling’er, what’s going on? Did you have a fight with Chen Ping? Or maybe Chen Ping doesn’t want you anymore?”
“Grandpa, what are you thinking? Chen Ping and I are fine, don’t think about it, I just want to go out by myself!”
Gu Ling’er said with a frown.
“It’s good that there’s no quarrel!” Gu Mantian secretly let out a sigh of relief.
Gu Ling’er had originally wanted to go out and find out Chen Ping’s whereabouts after the check-in procedures were completed, but now there was no chance of that.