At this moment, at the entrance of the Martial Dao Alliance, two guards stopped Long Xingxu.
“This is the important place of the Martial Dao Alliance, no one is allowed to enter without an appointment ……”
One guard roared at Long Xing Xu in an aggressive manner.
Long Xing Xu looked at the guard and smiled coldly, “The Martial Dao Alliance is about to be destroyed, and you are still here as dogs?”
“How much benefit did the Martial Dao Alliance give you guys? Come to our Dragon Sect and watch the gate, I’ll pay double.”
“How dare you, how dare you speak out of turn, believe it or not we will take you down now and beat you into the dungeon.”
The guard who was watching the gate said in anger.
“Just by you guys? I’ll beat you all down with one hand, the Martial Arts Union is really no good, they don’t even look for some powerful ones to watch the gate.”
Long Xingxu’s eyes were filled with disdain.
“You are really looking for death.”
The guard couldn’t help himself and slammed his fist towards Long Xingxu.
This guard’s strength was actually not low, the strength of a Martial Sect watching the gate was already quite okay.
This fist also carried a terrifying fist wind, smashing towards Long Xing Xu’s head, if it hit, he was afraid that his brain would burst on the spot!
Long Xingxu’s eyes faintly stared, he didn’t expect that with a few words, the other party would really come down with a killer!
He also swung out a punch!
Boom ……
The two fists collided, only to see the guard instantly fly backwards, while Long Xing Xu didn’t move a muscle!
When the other guard saw this, he was so scared that he trembled.
Long Xing Xu snorted coldly and swaggered in, while the guard didn’t dare to stop him!
Long Xing Xu walked up to the guard who had been knocked down, saw that the guard was about to get up, and then stomped on it with one foot.
There was a poof!
The guard slumped back down to the ground!
“Are you still mad?”
Long Xingxu coldly looked at the guard and asked.
“No…… not mad anymore, I’m wrong……”
The guard started in begging for mercy.
“If I hadn’t come to deliver the war invitation today, your little name would have been lost long ago!”
Long Xing Xu snorted coldly, then lifted his feet and walked towards the inside of the Martial Alliance.
But just as Long Xingxu walked into the Martial Dao Alliance, a terrifying force suddenly struck and blasted directly at Long Xingxu.
Long Xingxu’s heart trembled, and his entire body quickly retreated backwards, directly exiting the Martial Dao Alliance!
“Great Martial Marquis?”
Long Xingxu could sense that the terrifying aura just now was emitted by a Grand Martial Marquis.
“Kid, who are you? You dare to come to my Martial Dao Alliance to spread wildness, I think you are tired of living.”
Old Fifth said angrily as he looked at Long Xing Xu and dared to make a move against their guards.
Long Xing Xu took a glance at Old Five and noticed that the other party was wearing black robes and immediately understood that the other party’s identity was not simple in the Martial Dao Alliance.
“I am Long Xing Xu, the Vice Sect Master of the Dragon Sect, and I have come here today to give you a war invitation.”
As Long Xingxu spoke, a gilt battle invitation came out of his hand in an instant!
The war invitation was like a sharp blade, heading straight for Old Fifth!
Old Fifth just gently clamped his fingers and caught the war invitation!
“A war invitation? Whose war invitation?”
Old Five asked.
“Our Sect Master is asking for a battle tomorrow at noon against those from your Martial Alliance, your Martial Alliance can come out and fight as many people as they want.”
“We are going to beat your Martial Dao Alliance up in front of many Martial Dao families and call your father ……”
Long Xingxu said with a cold smile.
At this moment, Long Xingxu was blindly worshipping Chen Ping, he felt that as long as Chen Ping opened his mouth and wanted to do it, there was nothing that he could not do.
“b*****d ……”
Old Fifth was instantly furious and slapped out with a palm!
Seeing this, Long Xingxu’s body leapt up abruptly, but he was still struck by the palm wind, and his body fell backwards several steps, his Qi blood tumbling for a while!
“Old thing, if you have the guts to fight our sect master, you bully me, a messenger, what kind of skill is that?”
Long Xingxu knew he was no match for his opponent, but he didn’t show any weakness at all!
Old Five opened the battle invitation and read it, and sneered, “Tomorrow, our Martial Alliance will definitely attend the appointment, let your Sect Master wait for his death.”
Old Fifth took the war invitation and walked back to the Martial Dao Alliance, while Long Xingxu also left!
“Big brother, big brother, what a great thing ……”
As soon as he entered the door, Old Fifth started yelling.