“Only other people are allowed to kill me, so I can’t kill anyone?”
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao coldly, “I’ve already killed this person, what do you want?”
Long Xiao did not expect Chen Ping to speak so forcefully as if he had taken gunpowder!
Anger surfaced on Long Xiao’s face and a terrifying aura began to rise up from his body.
At this moment, however, Long Jingguo walked over and tapped Long Xiao’s shoulder, instantly suppressing the aura from Long Xiao’s body.
Long Jingguo knew that this was not the time to make a move on Chen Ping, nor was it a good time to do so!
Long Jingguo merely glanced at Chen Ping, and would then slowly walk to the top of the high platform!
“Everyone, this year is the day that our Long Family is holding the trial, this is the first time that our Long Family is holding the trial, and all of you are also dragons among men, in order to show our Long Family’s sincerity to all of you participants, I have specially prepared Qi gathering pills …… for you.”
“This is individually refined by our Long Family at a high price, by a foreign pill refiner, and it has great benefits for the body.”
As soon as Long Jingguo finished speaking, a member of the Long family walked out with a tray of Qi gathering pills, and then began to distribute them to the crowd!
The crowd all showed excitement as they picked up the Qi gathering pills and swallowed them without hesitation.
Many people were grateful to the Long family ……
When it was Chen Ping’s and Dong Jiahao’s turn, Dong Jiahao picked up the Qi Gathering Pill and tried to swallow it, but was stopped by Chen Ping.
Only to see Chen Ping pick up the Qi Gathering Pill and gently sniff it, then gently crush it and lick it with the tip of his tongue.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and his face turned a little ugly!
Seeing this, Dong Jiahao hurriedly whispered, “Brother Chen Ping, is there something wrong with this Qi Gathering Pill?”
“This Qi Gathering Pill has musk in it, I know the process of refining Qi Gathering Pills, and this musk is not a medicine for refining Qi Gathering Pills at all!”
“Although I don’t know exactly what harm this Qi Gathering Pill does to people yet, but there is definitely something wrong, we should be careful!”
Chen Ping cautiously said to Dong Jiahao.
“sh*t, this f*cking Dragon Family has too much guts, so many gentry from clans and families are here, he dares to give out questionable pills, this is to follow the entire Kyoto martial arts community as an enemy ah ……”
Dong Jiahao cursed angrily, and then threw the Qi gathering pill in his hand to the ground.
The reason why many people did not suspect that the Long Family, would do something to the Qi gathering pills was because with so many people, covering almost the entire Kyoto martial arts world’s clans and families, the Long Family was afraid that they would not have that much guts.
If anything really happened, I’m afraid that the Long Family would directly be exterminated.
Not far away at the side, Ge Jiayi saw that Chen Ping and Dong Jiahao had not taken the Qi gathering pills, so she also secretly threw the pills on the ground.
A faint smile appeared on Long Jingguo’s face as he saw the crowd take the Qi Gathering Pills without hesitation.
Just after the Qi gathering pills were handed out, four young men with straight figures and wearing uniform navy blue clothing were seen walking over.
With expressionless faces, the four men walked to the square and then directly found a corner to stand in, waiting for the trial ceremony to end!
Seeing the sudden appearance of the four men, everyone cast a puzzled glance, as these four men were very unfamiliar.
It was as if they were not from one of Kyoto’s martial arts clans, but since the Long Family did not stop them from coming to the trial, no one else could ask about it.
At this moment, however, Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly narrowed, staring deadly at the four people who had just arrived.
“Brother Chen Ping, do you know these four people?”
Dong Jiahao quizzed Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head and said with a slight frown, “I don’t know them, but the aura emanating from these four people makes me feel a sense of familiarity ……”
Chen Ping struggled to think, although this sense of familiarity was faint, Chen Ping could still feel it.