Xing Daorong only felt an irresistible huge force coming from him, and his entire body flew out tens of metres uncontrollably like a kite with broken strings, dragging out a long trail on the ground, and finally crashed heavily into a huge stone.
“Pfft!”
Xing Daorong opened his mouth and sprayed out a large mouthful of blood, staining the ground in front of him.
“General!”
Seeing this, the men of Xing Daorong cried out in panic, wanting to rush over to rescue him, but they were deathly suppressed by the powerful aura emanating from Luo Ta’s body, unable to move.
With great difficulty, Ding Daorong climbed up from the ground, wiping away the blood at the corner of his mouth with a trembling hand, his eyes filled with shock and unwillingness.
He had never thought that there was such a powerful existence in Beast City besides the City Lord, and that he was so unbeatable in front of the other party.
Seeing that Criminal Daorong was injured by Luo Ta with a single punch, Qiu Wanha couldn’t mention how happy he was!
He teasingly looked at Interdao Rong and said, “Interdao Rong, you’d better obediently give up the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, and then after handing over the guy who killed my son, I can spare your life for the sake of us being colleagues.”
“If you’re still stubborn, I don’t care, Brother Luo is a man with a violent temper, this punch will be able to send you up in smoke.”
Qiu Wanha didn’t want Luo Ta to kill that Criminal Dao Rong at the moment, after all, Luo Ta was someone outside of Beast City, if he let Luo Ta kill Criminal Dao Rong, if the City Lord appeared, it would be a trouble to pursue the matter!
He only needed to grab the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein and then kill Chen Ping!
Only the life of Xing Daorong, Qiu Wanha would have to take care of it himself, and if the City Lord did show up to pursue the matter, it would still be a case of internal strife, and the offence would not be punishable by death!
“Qiu Wanha, don’t you fucking pretend to be a good person with me, you actually wanted to kill me a long time ago, don’t think I don’t know.”
“I won’t hand over the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein to you, and I’m even more unlikely to hand it over to you, do it if you’re capable!”
Criminal Dao Rong was also considered a man, and said with a cold snort!
“Hmph, unselfconscious thing!”
When Luo Ta saw this, he was full of disdain, and approached towards Interdiction Daorong step by step, each step caused the ground to tremble slightly, “Today is the day you die!”
After saying that, Luo Ta condensed a black spiritual energy in his hand, that spiritual energy was like a black sun that was about to explode, emitting a chilling aura.
Criminal Dao Rong looked at the black spiritual energy that was gradually approaching, a deep despair welled up in his heart, but as a great general, the pride in his bones made him never be willing to resign himself to his fate.
“Wanting to kill me, it’s not that easy!”
Criminal Dao Rong gritted his teeth and exerted his last ounce of strength to mobilise his spiritual energy once again, preparing to make a final fight to the death.
However, he had very little spiritual energy left at this moment, and the attack he condensed seemed so weak.
Just when Luo Ta was ready to strike and end the life of Xing Daorong at the critical moment, suddenly, the wind and clouds in the sky suddenly changed.
The originally blue sky was instantly shrouded by dark clouds, the thick dark clouds rolled and surged like ink, and a thick lightning bolt travelled through the clouds, emitting a deafening thunderous sound.
Everyone was stunned by this sudden change and looked up into the sky.
Rota also stopped his hand movements, a trace of doubt and uneasiness flashing in his eyes.
“This …… this is someone invoking a thunder tribulation?”Qiu Wanha asked in alarm, a hint of trembling in his voice.
Because of this sight, he had already seen it a few days ago, it should be someone breaking through the realm and triggering a thunder tribulation!
But what kind of strength was required to trigger a thunder tribulation with such a big commotion?
At this moment, in the depths of the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, Chen Ping was immersed in the critical moment of his breakthrough.
During these few days of frantic cultivation, Chen Ping had continuously absorbed the rich spiritual qi in the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, and the spiritual energy in his body was like a raging tide, constantly impacting the barrier of the second rank of the Mahayana Realm.