“En.” Yue Buqun nodded his head!
“Master, how can this work, this is a life-saving elixir for you, it cannot be broken.”
“I will immediately go to the treasury to prepare resources and send them to the Pill Refining Sect, so that they can refine some Yuan Enrichment Pills for Master in the meantime.”
Liu Xing said, about to leave, but was grabbed by Yue Buqun!
“Xing’er, don’t go anymore, for so many years, our Pure Yang Sect has spent a lot of resources to renew my life!”
“Resulting in our Pure Yang Sect’s disciples having much less cultivation resources than other sects, also making our Pure Yang Sect less powerful than other sects!”
“I know that when you go out, you are looked down upon and bullied by others, this is all because of my incompetence!”
“I deserve this, don’t waste any more resources, the Pure Yang Sect will rely on you guys in the future!”
Yue Buqun pulled Liu Xing and said in a serious tone.
“Master, for your sake, it doesn’t matter how many resources are wasted, I can follow senior brother and the others to find resources every day!”
“There are still a lot of resources that have not been exploited in the territory of our Pure Yang Sect, we are just working a little harder every day!”
“But the Pure Yang Clan can’t live without you ……”
Liu Rui cried, crying as she said.
Liu Xing’s eyes were also red, but Yue Buqun still shook his head!
“Patriarch Yue, may I ask, what kind of incurable disease do you have here?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping opened his mouth and asked.
“I was just injured in my dantian by an evil cultivator many years ago, causing an evil spirit to remain in my body, causing me pain!”
“Over the years, I could only rely on the Pill Refining Sect’s Yuan Enrichment Pills to suppress this evil spirit, but the Pill Refining Sect has been lionizing and increasing the resources needed year after year, and to this day, it is difficult for our Pure Yang Sect to afford it anymore!”
“It was because I had this evil spirit in my body that I was able to find out in the first place that you were not an evil cultivator, because the aura in your body is not the same as that evil cultivator!”
Yue Buqun explained.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he realised that no wonder that Liu Xing and Liu Rui hated evil cultivators to the core, and seeing that they had absorbed Jue Yuan’s strength, they mistook him for an evil cultivator and were full of murderous aura towards him!
“Patriarch Yue, because the technique I cultivate is somewhat peculiar, I can absorb other people’s strength and refine it, can you let me check it out for you and see if I can suck that evil spirit out of your body!”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Yue Buqun.
“What do you want to do? Do you want to suck out Master’s strength?”
Liu Xing asked as he looked at Chen Ping warily.
“Don’t misunderstand, I am only sucking the evil spirit Qi from Sovereign Yue’s body, I will not suck his strength.”
Chen Ping hurriedly shook his head and explained!
“Even though you say this, how can we trust you? If you have evil intentions, wouldn’t that put my master in danger?”
Liu Xing still did not believe Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also said helplessly, “Patriarch Yue is my saviour, how could I possibly harm him.”
“Not anyway, who knows what kind of person you are.”
Liu Xing simply did not agree!
Even Liu Rui did not dare to let Yue Buqun take the risk, while Yue Buqun himself, was silent.
Whether or not Chen Ping had the ability to suck out the evil spirit inside him, Yue Buqun did not know, but Yue Buqun was also a little worried.
Seeing Yue Buqun’s silence, Chen Ping knew that Yue Buqun was also a bit worried, after all, the two of them had met in person, and Yue Buqun didn’t know if he really had that strength!
After thinking for a moment, Chen Ping suddenly thought of a solution and said, “I can force the evil spirit out of Sovereign Yue’s body, so that will always work, right?”
“How do you force the evil spirit out of Sovereign Yue?” Liu Rui asked.
“You can let Patriarch Yue take a Qi Expulsion Pill, so that you can force that Evil Sovereign Qi out of Patriarch Yue’s body.”
“At that time, I will just absorb and refine that Evil Sovereign Qi, so you should always feel relieved that I am not touching Patriarch Yue, right?”
Chen Ping said.