Long Jingguo didn’t look at those documents, his face slightly displeased, “Lord Zhu, in this matter, I will persuade my family’s Xiao’er, but my family’s Xiao’er is not the only one who does this with such frequent black robed people out.”
“If you want to pursue it, then go to Ning Zhi and go to those black bronze robes ……”
After Long Jingguo finished speaking, he turned around and walked away, not giving Zhu Zhishan any face at all.
Zhu Zhishan stood dumbfounded on the spot, looking at Long Jingguo’s back, for a long time before he could catch his breath.
“Unrestrained, too unrestrained, what kind of attitude is this to talk to me ……”
Zhu Zhishan was so angry that he slapped the table straight.
However, Zhu Zhishan himself knew that his current alliance was nothing more than a false name, and had long since lost its real power.
As for going after Ning Zhi and those black bronze robes, Zhu Zhishan doesn’t have the guts to do that either!
…………
The Long Family, a very secretive secret room!
Long Xiao’s body emitted a burst of cold aura, while all around Long Xiao, there were dried corpses all over the ground, all of which had died after having their strength sucked away.
Long Jing Guo had sent people everywhere according to capture people for Long Xiao to cultivate!
In the past, Long Jingguo did not care to do so, but now, he was very supportive of Long Xiao doing so!
In three months’ time, Long Xiao had worked very hard, and by now he had already hit the peak of Martial Marquis!
With such a speed of promotion, one could not find many in the entire Martial Dao world, I’m afraid.
But this was also thanks to the soul spirit inside him, otherwise Long Xiao would not have been able to impact so fast even if he was talented.
“It’s time to look for the chance to break through to the Great Martial Marquis ……”
“Once I reach Grand Martial Marquis, who can be my enemy in the entire Martial Dao Realm ……”
Long Xiao had a cold smile on his face.
The breakthrough of a Grand Martial Marquis is not just a matter of cultivation, think of that Fan Jiang who has been stuck at the peak of Martial Marquis for more than a dozen years and has never been able to break through to Grand Marquis!
A breakthrough of such a great realm requires chance and process, and a qualitative leap!
As for the circumstances under which one can break through to Grand Martial Marquis, no one can predict.
Some people, perhaps in their sleep, break through to Grand Martial Marquis, their entire body as if reshaped, entering a higher realm!
Whether it’s divine sense or control of all things, it’s a new level!
So the higher the realm, the harder it would be to break through!
And if you force a breakthrough, there will be times when you fail, and if you fail, then you will lose all your power and be reduced to an ordinary person ……
In the past, there were martial artists who failed to break through and could not bear the pain of being an ordinary person and committed suicide!
“I wonder where that Chen Ping is now, perhaps he is my chance ……”
Long Xiao’s eyes were slightly glued as killing intent ran through his body!
He had always wanted to kill Chen Ping with his own hands, and this repeated blow by Chen Ping had made Long Xiao hate Chen Ping so much!
At this moment, Long Jingguo walked in, feeling the killing intent on Long Xiao’s body, Long Jingguo couldn’t help but shiver coldly!
Ever since Long Xiao had been possessed by a spirit, Long Jingguo always felt that Long Xiao did not feel like his own son anymore.
“Xiao’er, that Zhu Zhishan is looking for me to go today, trying to get us to stop ……”
Long Jingguo said to Long Xiao.
“Stop?” Long Xiao burst into a cold laugh, “I am about to break through the Great Martial Marquis and in the future, I will also break through the Martial Saint, our Long Family will be the number one family in the Martial Dao world in the future, how can I possibly stop ……”
When Long Jingguo saw Long Xiao’s appearance, his heart was also infected with a surge of blood!
“That’s right, in the future, our Long Family will regain its glory and become the number one family in the martial dao world ……”
Long Jingguo was full of excitement and longing!
“I’m going to find that Chen Ping, if he doesn’t die, there will always be a knot in my heart ……”
Long Xiao finished speaking and walked out of the secret room!
He was going to find Chen Ping and kill him with his own hands, so that he could untie his knot in his heart and make a breakthrough without any distractions.
Long Jingguo did not stop, but went straight to the dungeon, Long Ruotong was afraid that he would not be able to escape another severe beating!