Slap!
Cui Zhiyuan had just opened his mouth when he was given another slap by Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping ……”
Slap!
“I …………”
Slap!
In the end, whenever Cui Zhiyuan opened his mouth, Chen Ping gave him a slap, turning his whole face into a pig’s head!
Cui Zhiyuan was scared and looked at Chen Ping in horror, but didn’t dare to open his mouth anymore!
The crowd also looked at Chen Ping in horror, no one dared to say anything, and Wang Lanlan even sat down with her whole body trembling, her lips trembling, not daring to say another word, she was afraid that Chen Ping would hit him too!
But everyone put their eyes on Xing Jun, as the general manager of the company, now the staff beat up the department manager in public, such a thing must be very bad, everyone wanted to see how Xing Jun would handle it!
But to everyone’s surprise, Xing Jun’s face was gloomy, but he didn’t say a word, and the atmosphere in the whole private room became very depressing and silent!
“Serve the food, all say less ……”
After a few minutes of silence, Xing Jun finally spoke up!
The sudden opening of Xing Jun’s mouth made everyone feel strange, they didn’t understand why Xing Jun still kept Chen Ping for dinner when things were like this, he should have fired him on the spot and told him to get lost!
Could it be that this Chen Ping had a real relationship with Xing Jun?
No way!
The way Chen Ping talked to Xing Jun just now, it was obvious that the two of them did not look like friends!
Everyone was confused, they couldn’t figure out where Chen Ping got the guts to hit Cui Zhiyuan and Xing Jun didn’t care!
Sun Xiaomeng, on the other hand, kept rubbing Cui Zhiyuan’s swollen cheek, and her eyes were full of anger as she glared at Chen Ping!
Soon, several waiters walked in, carrying an exquisite dish!
Each dish was worth a lot of money and was appetizing to look at!
After seeing this table of dishes, the crowd’s eyes finally shifted from Chen Ping and their mouths were watering!
Chen Ping picked up his chopsticks and took the first bite.
With Chen Ping’s action, although the crowd wanted to say something, no one dared to speak up at this moment, after all, Xing Jun didn’t even say anything, so what could they say!
“Let’s all eat together, no one should be restrained ……”
After Xing Jun spoke, a group of people could not help but start to gobble up, they were just a bunch of part-timers, where had they ever eaten such good food!
Wang Han Han looked at the delicious food in front of her, also eyes sizzling, but still able to control, and did not like the others, crazy grab up!
But that would have been a disadvantage, the dish that he wanted to eat would have been snatched away in the blink of an eye!
Chen Ping could see that Wang Han Han was a bit embarra*sed, so he made a move to give Wang Han Han some food: “Han Han, you eat a little more, it doesn’t cost anything anyway, it’s not worth eating ……”
Soon, Wang Han Han’s bowl was filled to the brim with Chen Ping’s food!
Looking at Chen Ping that way, Xing Jun revealed a few moments of disdain, he wondered, just like Chen Ping, why would Su Yuqi like him?
During the meal, Xing Jun wasn’t moving his chopsticks, but kept looking at his watch as if he was waiting for something!
“Brother Chen Ping, I’m going to the washroom ……”
Wang Han Han got up and walked out of the private room!
After going out for a few minutes, Wang Han Han ran back in a bit of a panic, her face a bit pale as she sat down next to Chen Ping!
“Han Han, what’s wrong?” Chen Ping asked.
“Nothing …… nothing ……” Wang Han Han hurriedly shook her head!
But just as Wang Han Han finished speaking, the door of the private room was suddenly kicked open, followed by four big burly men walking in!
“Little girl, you bumped into me and ran away, don’t you want to apologise to your brother?”
One of the big men said towards Wang Han Han.
“I …… didn’t mean to do it, I’m sorry ……”
Wang Han Han was so frightened that she hurriedly got up and followed a few of the big men to apologize!
And when the others saw that someone had suddenly barged in, they were all terrified, only that Xing Jun showed an imperceptible smile!