After a full hour or so, thousands of skeletons had been killed by Chen Ping!
By now, the white bones on the ground were gone, all turned into powder and blown away by the insidious wind!
Chen Ping gathered up the six doppelgangers and let out a long breath!
Yue Buqun and the Divine Calculus looked at Chen Ping, their eyes full of surprise!
They were not expecting Chen Ping’s phantom doppelganger to possess strength!
You know that usually people’s phantom doppelgangers are only used to confuse their enemies and do not possess strength at all, but Chen Ping’s doppelganger possessed strength and could also fight ……
Chen Ping himself felt something different at the moment, if he normally used the Nine Shadow Sword Technique, there was no way for the spiritual energy in his body to support these doppelgangers for such a long time!
But now it had been an hour, and the doppelgangers still hadn’t dissipated, and the power in his body seemed to be inexhaustible!
At this moment, Chen Ping felt as if there was an additional power in his body, a power different from the spiritual power and the power of the divine dragon!
Qi sank into his dantian, and Chen Ping’s divine sense began to wander around his body, and it was then that he noticed that above his dantian, there was a greyish aura.
Chen Ping tried to refine this breath, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t refine it into spiritual energy by sinking it into his dantian!
“Could it be that this ma*s of breath needed to be fused with the power of the divine Dragon?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping emitted a divine dragon’s power and encircled around that ma*s of breath, trying to make this ma*s of breath follow the divine dragon’s power and fuse!
However, the two seemed to be somewhat repulsive, and the divine Dragon Force was unable to fuse with the grey and hazy breath!
“What a strange breath? What the hell is this?”
Chen Ping had a stony face, he didn’t know if this kind of breath would cause harm to his body!
“Mr. Chen …… are you alright?”
Seeing that Chen Ping was motionless, Yue Buqun shouted, afraid if Chen Ping was injured!
“Oh, I’m fine, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping reacted and said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping didn’t have any reaction or discomfort for the moment, so he just ignored the ma*s of breath for now!
So he led Yue Buqun and the others on towards the depths of the valley!
But after two steps, a sudden gust of wind blew furiously, followed by a blurred figure slowly approaching Chen Ping and the others!
At this point everyone got nervous, because everyone could really feel the danger from this figure!
“Ah …………”
When the figure slowly approached and was able to see its appearance, Liu Rui was so frightened that she immediately shrieked!
Only to see that the figure was not a human being, but a rotting corpse, with its face revealing the white bones, a very terrifying appearance!
Even Yue Buqun and the others were frightened by the sudden sight of such a rotting corpse.
“Who are you? This is a place for suppressing Yin devils, you are guilty of death if you enter without permission ……”
The rotting corpse slowly opened its mouth and rebuked loudly at Chen Ping and the others!
This time, everyone was confused, shouldn’t this be a secret realm with all kinds of treasures?
How come it had suddenly become a place to suppress the Yin Devil?
And what was that Yin Devil?
Chen Ping was even more puzzled, frowning slightly as he said, “Shouldn’t this be a relic? There are a lot of treasures? We’re just here to search for treasure.”
“Humph, there is no treasure here, if you don’t leave, then you will never leave!”
The rotting corpse said full of anger!
Now Chen Ping was in a bit of a dilemma, it was clear that the old man had said that this was a treasure and that it would allow him to summon a spirit and return to the Celestial Realm!
How come everything had changed now?
If there was no treasure, Chen Ping would not have gone to all the trouble of bringing that skull here!
Just when Chen Ping was at a loss for words, suddenly the void trembled, followed by the appearance of another figure!
Only to see that this figure was an old man with white hair, wearing a black cloak full of skull patterns!