Seeing such a scenario, the crowd even began to have worries, if this Mu Qing lowered his realm and still managed to follow Chen Ping, then wouldn’t Chen Ping definitely lose!
Right now, the crowd only hoped that Chen Ping would not fail, especially Fire Phoenix, Bai Shao and Sheng Jiahui, these women, their hearts were all in their throats!
If something happened to Chen Ping, they were afraid that they wouldn’t even have the courage to live!
“This Mu Qing is really bullish, he deliberately suppressed his realm, but he was still able to be neck and neck with Mr Chen!”
“A son of the Mu Family, but he’s even learning demonic techniques, it seems that the Mu Family’s own techniques aren’t very good either!”
The crowd whispered!
Chen Ping’s performance was tough, but that Mu Qing’s performance was not bad either!
Compared to his big brother Mu Kui, it was simply much stronger!
Moreover, Mu Qing also knows the Ancient Demon Technique, if he doesn’t suppress his realm in a while, how can Chen Ping cope with it?
Mu Qing then looked at Chen Ping, faintly spoke: “You can have such strength, indeed have the capital of pride, but unfortunately your origin is not good, obviously just a casual cultivator!”
Mu Qing appreciated Chen Ping’s strength, but Chen Ping was just a casual cultivator in his eyes, there was no way to compare with him!
This guy didn’t know that Chen Ping’s origin was a thousand times, ten thousand times, or even hundreds of thousands of times more honourable than his!
To say strength, the strength of the first rank of the Mahayana realm was indeed a bit difficult for Chen Ping to deal with!
But when it came to birth, he was afraid that there were not many who could compare to Chen Ping!
It was only that Chen Ping did not want to compare with him!
“Regardless of strength, or origin, you are not worthy of comparing with me, who are you.”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, and the various breaths within his body worked madly!
The sky instantly changed colour as it rolled, emitting a sound like a dragon’s roar!
The crowd looked at Chen Ping’s appearance and knew that Chen Ping was about to explode as well!
Today, this battle was feared to be a life and death battle!
“Hmph, arrogant fellow!”
Mu Qing snorted coldly, and his body instantly roared!
Immediately after that, he raised his arms, and his realm instantly rose from the seventh rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm to the eighth rank!
It could be seen that this Mu Qing also knew that suppressing his cultivation at the seventh rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm could not help Chen Ping at all!
Not even if he had the Ancient Demon Technique!
That was why he had raised his realm, wanting to defeat Chen Ping instantly!
The seventh level of the Transition realm was able to make Chen Ping tired, in his opinion, the eighth level of the Transition realm was enough to make Chen Ping lose!
Looking at Mu Qing who had elevated his realm, Chen Ping’s eyes slightly stared!
He knew that this fellow’s cultivation was definitely higher than that, it was definitely higher!
However, Chen Ping was not in a hurry, he would force out Mu Qing’s full strength little by little!
That Mu Qing suppressed his realm and did not use his full strength, who could tell, if Chen Ping had used his full strength?
Right now, no matter if it was Chen Ping or Mu Qing, they were both trying to find out the true strength of the other party!
“Eighth rank of the Transition Realm, it’s nothing more than that in my eyes!”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, and his entire body’s aura seemed to have reached its peak!
Golden light flashed throughout his body, and the Dragon Crystal in front of his chest also began to shine with an intense light!
And within Chen Ping’s body, Immortal Qi flowed!
In the Origin Space, the Origin Stars were all flickering with light, and all sorts of Origin Forces were constantly converging!
Chen Ping violently raised his hand, and an ineffable sense of rhythmic law slowly lifted with Chen Ping’s arm!
The flow of time between heaven and earth seemed to have become much slower!
Countless auras converged towards Chen Ping, and at this moment, Chen Ping himself was like a huge whirlpool!
All sorts of forces were absorbed by the huge vortex that was Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s arm was surrounded with aura, and then he slammed his fist out towards that Mu Qing!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping executed the Holy Light Fist!
No matter what kind of strength this Mu Qing had, Chen Ping knew that he could not lose!
If he lost, the consequences would not just be his own death, but would cause the entire Guanghan Palace to be in danger!