Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
In the middle of the palace hall, Patriarch Zhou had already arrived with Tian Luo and Tian Sha!
However, it was Xiao Feng who received them, and Xiao Yuanshan did not show up!
Xiao Feng sat on top of the dragon chair and looked straight down at Patriarch Zhou and the others!
Xiao Feng, who was the Crown Prince, also had an additional pressure on his body!
Although Xiao Feng already knew the identity of Patriarch Zhou and the others of the Demon Sealing Alliance, he still asked in a cold voice, ”Who are you people? What is the reason for coming to my Xiao Dynasty?”
Patriarch Zhou was stunned, but he still obediently replied, “Prince Xiao, we are from the Demon Sealing Alliance, and we came to the Xiao Dynasty because we heard that that Chen Ping was here, so we wanted to take him away.”
“I’m sure that Emperor Xiao should know that our Demon Sealing Alliance is chasing that Chen Ping with a hundred years of offerings, so I hope that Emperor Xiao will be able to hand Chen Ping over!”
“Good!”Xiao Feng nodded and then gave a wink to the people around him!
When Patriarch Zhou saw Xiao Feng agree so painfully, he surprisingly did not react for a moment.
Not too long after, Chen Ping was called in!
One could only see Chen Ping striding towards the grand hall, and after following that Patriarch Zhou’s gaze, Chen Ping did not have half a bit of fear!
“Kid, you are really here, this time I will see who can still help you!”
Tian Luo coldly snorted in excitement upon seeing Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to Tian Luo, but walked to a chair and sat down graciously!
“Mr Chen is here, you guys can try to take him away!”
Xiao Feng said to that Patriarch Zhou!
Patriarch Zhou was slightly stunned, he seemed to have heard something wrong from that Xiao Feng’s tone, so he asked, “Emperor Xiao, if we take away this Chen Ping, your Xiao Dynasty will not stop us, right?”
“Of course we won’t ……”
“That’s good!”Patriarch Zhou sighed in relief.
“But will kill you all ……” Xiao Feng said with a cold smile!
Patriarch Zhou and the Tian Luo Heavenly Fury all had cold faces, and those who originally wanted to make a move on Chen Ping had stopped at this moment!
“You guys can try to move Mr Chen and see if you can get out of the middle of this hall!”
Xiao Feng said!
“Prince Xiao, this Chen Ping is an enemy of my Demon Sealing Alliance, and for your Xiao Imperial Dynasty to harbour him in such a way is going to cause trouble.”
“In addition your current status, I’m afraid you can’t make the decision, it’s better to let Emperor Xiao come out!”
As Patriarch Zhou finished speaking, his body’s aura exploded out!
The aura that erupted from a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, that was terrifying!
Along with the entire hall shaking the ground, a terrifying demonic aura was spreading all around!
The entire Imperial City was shocked!
Xiao Feng’s face changed, his current strength was definitely not a match for this Patriarch Zhou, the other party was a Mahayana Realm Fourth Grade cultivator anyways!
This Patriarch Zhou’s sudden outburst had indeed caught Xiao Feng a little off guard.
He did not expect this Patriarch Zhou to be so strong.
However, just when that Demonic Qi was about to wrap the entire Imperial City, a white light suddenly exploded from the centre, instantly dispersing all that Demonic Qi!
Patriarch Zhou as well as that Heavenly Luminous Fiend all frowned, and especially Patriarch Zhou’s face became grave!
This was because he knew that the person who had just struck was very terrifying in strength!
“You are nothing more than a pawn of the Demon Sealing Alliance, you also dare to spread your wildness in my Xiao Imperial Dynasty, it’s really anti ……”
Along with the voice, Xiao Yuanshan walked in slowly!
Upon seeing Xiao Yuanshan, Patriarch Zhou’s face became even more ugly, but he still managed to squeeze out a small smile and said, “Emperor Xiao, I have also come here on the orders of my alliance master.”
“Is it to declare war with my Xiao Imperial Dynasty? I can tell you that Mr Chen is an honoured guest of our Xiao Dynasty, so I will not let anyone harm him, so if your Demon Sealing Alliance has the ability, just come.”
“However, you’re spreading wildness on my Imperial City’s great hall, you must give me an account on this matter.”
Xiao Yuanshan said coldly!
Seeing this, Patriarch Zhou hurriedly said, “Emperor Xiao, I’m only here to convey the Alliance Master’s instructions, as the saying goes, when two countries are at war, they still don’t cut off the envoys.”
“Emperor Xiao won’t want to make a move against us on the grounds that we are on our own territory, right?”