“I spit blood?” Hai Dafu was full of anger, he directly took out the storage bag of the Five Sons of Human Jie and threw it in front of the Lion King “This is the storage bag of our Five Sons of Human Jie, it fell out from that Chen Ping, what is the realm of that Chen Ping, it is impossible for him to have killed our Five Sons of Human Jie.”
“If it wasn’t a few of you fellows amongst the Three Emperors and Four Kings who helped that Chen Ping kill our Human Jie’s Five Sons, then who could it be?”
“And since the Fox Imperial Daughter amongst you has been following that Chen Ping, how dare you say that it wasn’t you guys who helped do it?”
Looking at the storage bag on the ground, the Lion King was somewhat at a loss for words as he looked at the Thousand Faced Demon Emperor!
The strength of the Five Sons of Renjie, the Lion King was clear about it, although those five could not compare to them, they were still definitely the best in the younger generation!
It was absolutely impossible for Chen Ping to kill the Five Sons of Human Jie by himself!
However, it was also true that they did not help Chen Ping kill anyone!
Seeing that expression on the Lion King’s face, Hai Dafu was even more convinced that it was the Lion King’s few who had done it!
“Hmph, dare to do it, are all of you beast races shrunken heads, not daring to admit it?”
Hai Da Fu said with a cold snort!
“Patriarch Hai, it is true that we did not help that Chen Ping to kill Jie Wu Zi, you guys only saw this storage bag fall out from Chen Ping’s body, can you see that we helped him to kill ah?”
“All of you are just speculations, there is no evidence at all!”
The Thousand Faced Demon Emperor argued with reason!
Hai Dafu still wanted to speak, but Patriarch Luo preempted him and said, “Fine, since you want evidence, then we will capture that Chen Ping and make him admit it on the spot, but during this period of time, you must be condescended to, and not be allowed to leave this place!”
“On what grounds are we not allowed to leave?”
The Lion King roared!
“Just by my fists, if you can defeat me, I can let you go ……”
Patriarch Luo clenched his fists and said!
Seeing this, the Lion King could only hold back his anger and didn’t dare to say anything else!
Seeing that the Lion King didn’t speak anymore, Patriarch Luo waved his hand and said “Lock up a few of them ……”
r> ………………
“Ahead is the Spirit Beast Valley, we’re almost there ……”
Bai Shao said as she glanced at the surrounding terrain!
Chen Ping had used up a lot of spiritual energy as they had been continuously rushing, Chen Ping somewhat regretted that he might as well have come in Ji Yun’s flying boat!
Right now, Chen Ping only hoped to get the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast without any problems!
Soon, Chen Ping they arrived at the Spirit Beast Valley, when Chen Ping looked at the mountain peak not far from the Spirit Beast Valley, the whole person froze a little!
Chen Ping felt that this mountain peak was very familiar, as if he had seen it somewhere!
“It’s here, so it’s here ……”
Chen Ping suddenly exclaimed in shock!
This was the same mountain peak where he had obtained the Divine King’s Bow, and at that time, Chen Ping did not know that this was the Celestial Realm!
He did not expect that this place belonged to the Heavenly Demon Mountain territory!
At that time, the appearance of the Yin Demon had caused Chen Ping to return to the Worldly Realm!
It seemed that this Yin Demon was in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, perhaps the Wind Demon and the Blood Demon might be in this Heavenly Demon Mountain!
After all, this Heavenly Demon Mountain was considered a heaven for the demon race in the Celestial Realm!
One would not be hunted down here!
“Chen Ping, you’ve been to this Spirit Beast Valley?”
Bai Shao heard Chen Ping’s shriek, so she asked curiously!
Chen Ping did not say anything, he did not know what to explain after Bai Shao!
However, Bai Shao quickly reacted and said “Oh, I remembered, you must have come, because not far away, that mountain peak, is the place where the Divine King’s Bow is stored, you got the Divine King’s Bow, you will surely come to that mountain peak, I almost forgot ……”
“Below that mountain peak is the Undead Valley, and in front of the Undead Valley is this Spirit Beast Valley!”
“As you look at the environment of the Spirit Beast Valley, it can follow the Undead Spirit Valley differently ……”
Chen Ping saw that a huge valley, surrounded by green trees and flowers, with a small stream meandering!
Moreover, in the middle of the valley, a large bird flew in groups, and there were all sorts of wild beasts running around!