After a day and a night’s flight, the airship slowly landed in a small city with a teleportation array!
Putting away the airship, Chen Ping’s few people headed towards the place where the transmission array was located.
It was only after each of them paid millions of spirit coins that the three of them got the qualification to enter the transmission array!
After passing through another layer of inspection, only then did Chen Ping’s three people see that a formation graphic that was hundreds of metres in size was in front of them, and this was the Teleportation Array!
This array pattern was extremely complex, and inside was also a flow of light, transmitting an ancient aura!
These were all teleportation formations left over from the ancient times, with the current level of cultivators in the Celestial Realm, there was no one who was able to lay down such a huge formation!
In the past, there were many such teleportation arrays in the Celestial Realm, after all, the Celestial Realm was vast and sprawling, and the area was hundreds or thousands of times larger than the secular realm!
With a teleportation array it was possible to greatly shorten the time it took to pass between two places!
However, such a huge formation required extremely costly resources to maintain and open!
So many teleportation arrays have fallen into disrepair or have been destroyed, and there aren’t many surviving teleportation arrays left!
Probably because the matter of the Heavenly Demon Mountain had spread, there were hundreds of cultivators around the teleportation array at the moment!
But at the entrance to the teleportation array, a noisy voice came out “Is the teleportation array activated or not? We have been waiting for three days, and now there are hundreds of people, how come it is still not activated?”
“That’s right, it’s too much, we’ve all paid a million spirit coins, and we have to wait endlessly.”
“You people from the Giant Barbarian Palace are simply insatiable ah ……”
A group of cultivators yelled loudly, while in front of them were two men who were over two metres tall, with an incredibly large body, and were wearing beast bone accessories on their bodies!
These two people faced the accusations of the many cultivators and didn’t even look at them, as if they hadn’t heard them!
Behind them was the passageway into the teleportation array, which was currently closed! <br>
“There are hundreds of people here, why isn’t the teleportation array activated yet? If too many people are teleported at once, the load of the teleportation array is too great, it will be damaged, it’s dangerous.”
Fire Phoenix glanced at those cultivators in the blackness around him and couldn’t help but say!
“This Giant Savage Palace’s people are especially greedy, more so than my dad, this time it’s not easy for so many people to come and sit in the teleportation array, they’ll definitely make a killing.”
“Wait and see, maybe it’s going to be a temporary price increase ……”
Ji Yun said slightly helplessly!
“What kind of gang is this Giant Savage Palace? How come the teleportation array is under their control?”
Chen Ping was a little puzzled!
Moreover, when he looked at the two men guarding the transmission array, although they were large and not small in strength, the aura emanating from them was not very strong!
“Mr Chen, all the people of this Giant Barbarian Palace are all descendants of the barbarian race from the past, these people revere strength, and following the Ancient Body Refining Clan is considered to have some origins, the difference is that these people of the Giant Barbarian Palace are very wild, as if they have not evolved completely.”
“They don’t rely on heaven and earth spiritual qi to cultivate, but rely on preying on some demonic beasts, eating beast meat in raw form and drinking beast blood in raw form, and they believe that only in this way can they maximise their body’s potential.”
Ji Yun followed Chen Ping’s introduction!
After Chen Ping heard this, he couldn’t help but laugh and said “Aren’t you talking about the savages?”
“Sort of, they are all descended from savages, because this teleportation array is on their Giant Savage Palace’s territory, so it is managed by them, these guys are also greedy by nature.”
“Now that several hundred cultivators are besieging this place, seeing this situation, they will definitely sit on the ground.”
Ji Yun had just finished speaking when a quarrel once again came from the entrance of the teleportation array!
“Are you barbarians being reasonable? Although this teleportation array is on your Giant Barbarian Palace’s territory, it is not owned by your Giant Barbarian Palace, you only have the right to manage it, and for barbarians like you, even in the Ancient Era, you would not have had the ability to lay down this teleportation array at all.”