After killing Batu, Chen Ping stayed at Skull Island.
It was off the beaten track, a good place to cultivate.
And at the same time, a dozen staff members in a cruise ship had docked!
Looking at the cruise ship that had returned, Jin Fusheng was puzzled.
Because before he left, Chen Ping had said that he would let the cruise ship drift overseas for a while and that he needed to cultivate.
But now it had come back so quickly, which seemed very abnormal.
It was only when Jin Fusheng gathered all the crew members that he understood what had happened.
However, Jin Fusheng knew Chen Ping’s strength and all was not worried.
Instead, he gave a large sum of money to none of those crew members, and then said with an icy expression, “Now you take the money and go out for a trip!”
“No matter who asks you guys about it, you guys just pretend you don’t know anything, and even more so, you are not allowed to reveal where Mr. Chen is.”
“Otherwise you guys should never stay in South China City.”
“Don’t worry, Boss Jin, we won’t say anything.”
With the money in hand, the staff all left.
Time pa*sed day by day, and half a month had pa*sed in the blink of an eye.
During this half month, it was obvious that the discussion about Chen Ping on the martial arts forum was not as intense as before.
However, there were still several forces that were investigating Chen Ping’s whereabouts, both explicitly and implicitly.
During this half month, Chen Ping’s strength had improved greatly.
Now, Chen Ping had reached the strength of an eighth grade Martial Sect.
If he was given some time, it would not be a problem for him to break through the peak of Martial Sect and step into the half-step Martial Marquis.
It was even possible for him to step into the realm of a true Martial Patriarch before the year was out!
It was also the YuanYing stage of the Immortal Cultivation Realm.
When he really reached this realm, then Chen Ping would become immortal.
As long as he did not injure the YuanYing in his body, even if his physical body suffered great damage, he would be able to recover slowly.
Right now, apart from Jin Fusheng and those cruise ship staff, no one knew of Chen Ping’s whereabouts.
And Jin Fusheng kept his mouth shut and never mentioned anything about Chen Ping to anyone else.
But on this very day!
Jin Fusheng was sunbathing in the courtyard of his house.
Suddenly several men in straitjackets barged in, and several of the Jin family’s underlings died tragically under these men.
Jin Fusheng was startled and hurriedly got up to look at the few men in front of him.
“Who are you people?”
Terror was revealed in Jin Fusheng’s eyes.
This was because he could feel that the strength of the few people in front of him were far stronger than him.
“Where is Chen Ping?”
A man took a step forward and asked at Jin Fusheng.
“What are you talking about? What Chen Ping, I don’t know him!”
Jin Fusheng shook his head.
“Humph!” The man snorted coldly, then with a wave of his hand, Jin Fusheng’s body actually involuntarily went in front of the man.
“I’ll tell you who I am, I’m Zang Qing of the Heaven’s Destruction Sect!”
“Can you tell me now where Chen Ping is?”
Zang Qing carried Jin Fusheng in one hand, his eyes cold.
As soon as he heard the three words of the Heaven-Shattering Sect, Jin Fusheng’s legs instantly went limp.
The Heavenly Slaughter Sect was an evil cultivation sect, and although it had been hunted down and hidden for the past two years, the reputation of the Heavenly Slaughter Sect was so well known that almost no one in the martial arts world knew about it.
Who did not know that evil cultivators were cruel and bloodthirsty, and were not controlled by any martial dao rules at all.
“I …… I really don’t know!”
Jin Fusheng trembled, but still did not reveal Chen Ping’s whereabouts.
Hidden Qing smiled coldly, “Don’t be so anxious to reject me first, I’ll give you three days back.”
“If I haven’t seen that Chen Ping in three days’ time, I will make your Jin family’s chickens and dogs disappear!”
After finishing his sentence, Zao Qing let go of Jin Fusheng, then turned around and left.
He didn’t kill Jin Fusheng, because if he did, no one would know Chen Ping’s whereabouts.
Looking at Zang Qing who left, Jin Fusheng instantly sat down on the ground, caught in a dilemma!