Southwest Tian Luo Pavilion!
After leaving Jiangnan, Xiahou Dun went straight to the Tian Luo Pavilion. Since Chen Ping was protected by the Pill God Valley, it would be difficult for him to follow the strength of the Heavenly Martial Sect alone to fight against the Pill God Valley, so he would have no way to kill Chen Ping and avenge his son, so this is why he went to the Tian Luo Pavilion, wanting to follow the Heavenly Luo Pavilion and join forces to kill Chen Ping.
As he heard the news that his most prized disciple had been killed by Chen Ping, the anger rose up in his body.
But now that Ning Yu has been killed, all of Ni Sidao’s hard work will be in vain, and this makes Ni Sidao’s heart tremble.
The Tian Luo Pavilion was considered famous in the southwest, and no one did not know the reputation of the Tian Luo Pavilion, but now that Ni Sidao’s most prized disciple had been killed, it was like a bomb exploding throughout the southwest, and all eyes were placed on Ni Sidao, and they all wanted to see what Ni Sidao would do.
“Chen Ping, even if you escape to the ends of the earth, I will definitely break your body into pieces ……”
Ni Sidao’s body erupted with anger as he smashed the table in front of him with a slap.
The surrounding Tian Luo Pavilion disciples were also filled with righteous indignation. In the entire southwest, the Tian Luo Pavilion was used to being arrogant and had never been humiliated like this before.
The first time I saw him, I was able to kill him, but I was able to kill him, not to mention the fact that I was able to kill him. ……”
“So what if he hides in Pill God Valley, killing to pay for his life and paying for his debt, even if he hides in Pill God Valley, I will definitely kill him ……”
Ni Sidao’s eyes were full of anger, at this moment he didn’t care about what Pill God Valley or not Pill God Valley.
“Pavilion Master Ni, that Chen Ping killed my son, and now he has killed your most prized disciple, my Heavenly Martial Sect is willing to join you, Tian Luo Pavilion, to kill the Pill God Valley and take the life of that Chen Ping ……”
Xiahou Dun said with an excited look on his face.
Now that the two families have joined forces, they will be able to follow that Pill God Valley in a fight. He did not believe that Pill God Valley would raise the entire valley to follow them in a confrontation for the sake of a single Chen Ping.
“Good, we should not delay, you go and prepare right away, I will gather some people from other sects and together we will find the Pill God Valley to ask for someone!”
Ni Sidao nodded his head.
Ni Sidao knew that Pill God Valley was no soft touch either, so he had to arrange for more people in order to put pressure on Pill God Valley.
Xiahou Dun nodded and hurriedly left Tian Luo Pavilion to prepare his men.
At this moment, Chen Ping and the others had arrived at the foot of a large mountain. To get to the Pill God Valley, they could only take this rugged mountain road, and all around this road, there were some mountain forests with many fierce beasts and poisonous insects, and from time to time, poisonous miasma would appear, so ordinary people rarely came here.
After getting out of the car, Yu Dong parked the car to the side, and then took out a black headgear.
“Mr. Chen, it is the rule of our Pill God Valley that outsiders must be blindfolded before entering the Pill God Valley ……”
Yu Dong politely followed Chen Ping and said.
Chen Ping hugged Xiao Lan and nodded slightly, since people had this rule, Chen Ping could not always disobey it.
In fact, this head covering, for Chen Ping is not at all useful, now Chen Ping only need to exude a little bit of divine sense, can probe the surrounding tens of meters distance, simply can not use the eyes to see the.