Chen Ping nodded, then followed Chen Wenliang and the others towards the top of the mountain!
It was believed that when they reached the top of the mountain, most of the pharmacists would definitely be there!
However, not long after Chen Ping and the others advanced, there were suddenly several loud bangs!
Rumbling ……
Ka!
A streak of thunder, violently falling from the top of the mountain, struck a place not far from Chen Ping and the rest of them!
At this moment, the mountain was instantly cleaved with several deep pits by the thunder, and the shooting debris came towards the crowd!
Seeing this scene, many pill masters were stunned!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, casually waved his hand and a barrier appeared, blocking the debris, or else the debris would have definitely injured people!
“What is this situation? It’s not like anyone has broken through, how did the thunderbolt come?”
Chen Wenliang asked with great doubt!
“This is not a thunderbolt ……”
Chen Ping looked up into the sky, there were no thunder tribulation clouds above the sky, so this thunder was not a thunder tribulation!
“It’s not a thunder tribulation? Then what is it?”
Chen Wenliang asked!
“This should be a test, a test from the Medicine God?”Chen Ping said!
“A test? What do you mean, how come there’s still talk of the Medicine God’s test?”
Chen Wenliang was puzzled, they had been here all this time, and they hadn’t seen any Medicine God test ah!
“President Chen, could it be that you guys didn’t encounter any dangers along the way?”
Chen Ping asked strangely!
“No, I have encountered some demonic beasts, but they were all killed, there is no other danger!”
Chen Wenliang shook his head!
“It seems that when you go up the mountain from different directions, the tests you encounter are different.”
Chen Ping told Chen Wenliang what he had experienced after him!
Especially running into that curtain of light and the poisonous mist, these were also considered tests!
Once Chen Wenliang heard this, his expression became grave, he had never heard that there was a test to go up this Pill Cauldron Mountain, now it seemed that wanting to go up to the top of the mountain and obtain the Pill God’s inheritance was not that easy!
“Mr Chen, look ……”
Nie Heng said as he pointed to the sky!
Only to see that from the top of Pill Cauldron Mountain, wisps of blue light emerged, and these rays of light converged in the sky, followed by countless lightning bolts weaving and brewing amidst the blue light, resounding with crackling sounds!
It was as if these thunderbolts would soon strike down, with so many thunderbolts, the crowd was afraid that there would be no place to hide even if they wanted to!
“These are troublesome, we really can’t avoid them? I don’t know how powerful this thunder is, can we rely on our own cultivation to carry it off!”
Chen Wenliang said with a frown!
Boom!
Just as Chen Wenliang’s words fell, a thunderbolt came crashing down and directly struck a Pill Master’s body!
That Pill Master spat blood out of his mouth as if he was, and his entire body fell to the ground with serious injuries!
Although he wasn’t dead, he had suffered serious injuries, and if he were to be hit again, he would definitely die!
The crowd that saw this scene were all terrified!
Chen Wenliang, on the other hand, commanded the crowd to start rescuing the pharmacist who had been severely injured by the strike!
However, at this time, the thunderbolts were getting denser and denser, and could all come down at any time!
This time, everyone was out of ideas, and each of them looked at Chen Wenliang with unsightly faces!
Chen Wenliang as the president, they could only count on Chen Wenliang to give them an idea!
However, Chen Wenliang was also clueless at this time, his face full of anxiety!
In the face of this sudden thunderous test, Chen Wenliang appeared helpless, while the crowd of pharmacists were even more terrified and at a loss for words.
At this time, Chen Ping’s eyes were exceptionally firm, he knew deep down that at such a time of crisis, someone had to come forward to lead everyone through the difficult times.
“Everyone, don’t panic!”Chen Ping’s voice pierced through the thunder, appearing unusually calm, “We must unite and work together to deal with this ordeal. I believe that as long as we work together, we will be able to find a way to crack it.”
With that said, Chen Ping began to look around, trying to find patterns or safe zones to avoid the thunder.