Unfortunately, all three of Zhou Tiancheng’s attacks were blocked by the barrier in front of Chen Ping, and apart from a loud rumbling sound, they did not cause any damage to Chen Ping and Ji Ru Xue at all!
This time, the three men . . stared wide-eyed, somewhat at a loss for words.
“Since you guys are so fond of jutsu, wouldn’t I be bullying you if I were to use weapons, I will also use jutsu to meet you ……”
Chen Ping said, and jerked towards the middle of the air, chanting the words under his breath, a white light spread out from Chen Ping’s hand in all directions!
Soon, where the white light shone through, those rubble on the ground began to tumble violently, then slowly converged.
In the end, these bricks and stones and rubble turned into a huge earthy yellow sword in front of Chen Ping’s body!
The stones were condensed into a sword, and the sword qi was like a rainbow as it enveloped the entire Zhou family around it!
“Give me a chop ……”
Chen Ping’s mind moved, and immediately afterwards, the giant sword, which was more than ten meters in front of him, let out a sword cry, as if it came to life, and whistled towards the three Zhou Tiancheng.
The monstrous sword qi swept out, carrying an unmatched momentum.
Seeing this, Zhou Tiancheng’s three men hurriedly activated their spells, and an earth wall rose up in front of them, trying to block Chen Ping’s attack.
Boom, boom, boom ……
With a loud bang, the earthen wall created by the three of them could not stop Chen Ping’s sword attack and instantly collapsed under Chen Ping’s sword energy!
The sword blade continued to gain momentum, as if it was going to cut the heaven and earth apart!
The faces of Zhou Tiancheng’s three men had turned extremely ugly, cold sweat pouring from their foreheads as spells continued to come out of their mouths.
But no matter what method they used, they could not stop Chen Ping’s giant sword!
“Retreat, retreat quickly ……”
Seeing this, Zhou Tiancheng hurriedly greeted the other two and hurriedly retreated.
They had not expected Chen Ping’s spell to be so powerful as well, and the giant sword that he had condensed would possess such a powerful energy.
Boom!
The giant sword cut a deep furrow in the ground, and although Zhou Tiancheng and the others hurriedly retreated, the tremendous impact still caused the three men to fall out heavily, in a terrible mess!
Dust and dirt filled the surroundings, and all the bricks and stones and rubble that had coalesced into something scattered back again at this moment.
As the smoke and dust slowly cleared, Chen Ping hugged Ji Ruxue and looked coldly at Zhou Tiancheng’s three men.
At this moment, the three were covered in dust and dirt, with blood spilling out of the corners of their mouths, raising looking as wretched as they could be.
Even Xiao Da, who was not far away, was also affected by the ripples and his body became dirty.
“I’m not interested in playing with you guys anymore, go to hell ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he reached out and grabbed his hand, and the Dragon Chopper Sword instantly appeared in his hand.
The Chopping Dragon Sword appeared, and the sizzling wave of Qi instantly made the crowd unable to catch their breath.
Without the slightest hesitation, Chen Ping held Ji Ruxue in one hand and the Chopping Dragon Sword in the other, then stepped out with a single step towards Zhou Tiancheng, who was closest to him, and chopped his sword.
The moment the Dragon Chopping Sword appeared, Zhou Tiancheng began to regret, regretting that he had provoked Chen Ping.
But when the matter had come to this point, it was useless to regret, so he could only quickly condense his whole body’s energy and quickly retreat backwards.
Zhou Tiancheng was very fast, but he found that no matter how fast he was, he still could not dodge the sharp sword qi that Chen Ping’s sword cut out.
Zhou Tiancheng’s eyes were wide with fear.
“No, don’t kill me ……”
Zhou Tiancheng was so scared that his legs started to tremble!
But Chen Ping didn’t care about that, from the moment Zhou Tiancheng said that Ji Ru Xue had become his woman, he was already destined for such an end.
Poof!
As the sword Qi sliced through, Zhou Tiancheng’s entire body was cut off by the sword Qi.
A smear of bright red blood spilled into the sky, and the entire human air was filled with the smell of blood.