“Patriarch Jiang, the reason why I entered the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain is that apart from exploring the Demon Swallowing Cave, I have a more important thing to do, and that’s to search for the Heavenly Demon Stone.”
Chen Ping stated his purpose!
“Heavenly Demon Stone?” Patriarch Jiang was stunned “Mr Chen, the Heavenly Demon Stone is used to reshape the physical body, I wonder what you are looking for the Heavenly Demon Stone for?”
“Your friend, didn’t I already help him reshape his physical body? Besides, your friend’s realm is too low to use the Heavenly Demon Stone.”
“Only cultivators above the Ferrying Realm need Heavenly Demon Stones to reshape their fleshly bodies, so that they can maintain their fleshly bodies to the greatest extent possible, and so that their fleshly bodies aren’t too weak and don’t match the strength of their realm, resulting in a drop in strength, or damage to their fleshly bodies.”
Patriarch Jiang followed Chen Ping as he explained the usefulness of the Heavenly Demon Stone, he thought that Chen Ping did not know about it!
“Patriarch Jiang, I know, I’m looking for the Heavenly Demon Stone for another friend, he has now seized a body but it limits his strength, so if he wants to remake his physical body, he must look for the Heavenly Demon Stone.”
“This friend of mine is definitely above the Transition Realm, as for exactly what realm he can reach, I’m not too sure ……”
Chen Ping said after Patriarch Jiang!
When Patriarch Jiang heard this, he couldn’t help but laugh bitterly “Mr Chen, how many friends do you have that only have soul bodies left? And one is higher than the other realm ……”
Chen Ping is also helpless, like that wind demon, Yin Demon are remnants of the soul, only that blood demon is the body, only Chen Ping does not know where the blood demon ran away!
“Patriarch Jiang, being entrusted with the task of loyalty, since my friend asked me to find the Heavenly Demon Stone, then I have to go and find it, so I can only take my leave!”
Chen Ping said as he arched his hand towards Patriarch Jiang!
“Mr Chen, the Heavenly Demon Stone is an extremely precious thing, and in the entire Celestial Realm, only the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain will have the Heavenly Demon Stone, it is very difficult to find.” Patriarch Jiang said!
“I know, but even if it’s difficult, you have to look for it, I believe that if you are willing to put in the effort, you will be able to find it eventually.”
Chen Ping said confidently!
Seeing Chen Ping’s insistence on finding the Heavenly Demon Stone, Patriarch Jiang was silent for a moment and said “Mr Chen, I know where there is a Heavenly Demon Stone ……”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping was immediately excited and said “Patriarch Jiang, where are the Heavenly Demon Stones?”
“According to this, a thousand miles away in the southwest, there is a Heavenly Demon Sect, this Heavenly Demon Sect is rumoured to have been surviving on the Heavenly Demon Mountain since the time it existed, so there will definitely be Heavenly Demon Stones within this Heavenly Demon Sect.”
“I have some friendship following the Heavenly Demon Sect, once the people from the Heavenly Demon Sect, allowed our Soul Demon Sect to remould a few disciples, so there has always been a connection.”
“I can head over to try and see if I can ask for a Heavenly Demon Stone for Mr Chen.”
“However, this Heavenly Demon Stone is incredibly precious, so I’m not sure that the Heavenly Demon Sect will definitely give it, so I can only go and try my luck.”
Patriarch Jiang said!
“Patriarch Jiang, thank you so much, I can follow along to the Heavenly Demon Sect, and when the time comes, I can exchange it with spirit coins, resources or other treasures.”
Chen Ping was very happy, as long as he knew where to find the Heavenly Demon Stones, that would be fine!
This way, Chen Ping wouldn’t have to search aimlessly, no matter how much it cost, Chen Ping would get his hands on that Heavenly Demon Stone!
“Mr Chen, your current status is not suitable to show your face, I think you should wait in my Soul Demon Sect!”
Chen Ping was now a walking pool of resources, those who had obtained the Seal Demon Alliance’s Execution Order, there were not many who would not be moved by the sight of Chen Ping, I’m afraid!
“Patriarch Jiang, there is no need to worry about that, I have the Breath Mimicry Technique, just change my appearance!”
Chen Ping said, his figure was changing rapidly, quickly turning into a bearded middle-aged man!
Seeing this, Patriarch Jiang could only nod his head and agree to Chen Ping!