“I’ll kill you all, kill you all …………”
The man rushed in front of Chen Ping and the others without a word, then swung his sword and slashed!
With a cold look in his eyes, Fan Jiang instantly met him and sent the man flying with a single punch!
This punch sent the man spitting blood and he couldn’t get up from the ground!
Fan Jiang stepped up and was about to finish the man off, but he was stopped by Chen Ping.
“Don’t kill him yet, let’s see what it is.”
Suddenly a man rushed out of the mist and Chen Ping was curious as to what kind of person was here in ambush!
As Chen Ping got closer and saw the man clearly, they realised that this man was actually a member of the Burning Heaven God Sect!
They could only see that the sect member’s eyes were wide open and his eyes were filled with terror, although he was severely injured, his mouth kept chattering, “Kill you, kill you ……”
“This person is mentally damaged ……”
Ge Yuhan said as he looked at the Burning Heaven Divine Sect member.
Chen Ping could also see that this person’s mind was damaged, which was why it caused the insane appearance.
“Let’s all be careful, it seems that this mist is not simple ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, several people continued on their way and did not care about the Burning Heaven Divine Sect’s followers!
Chen Ping followed the Burning Heaven Divine Church as a non-relative, there was no need to save their people!
Besides, that high priest had just forced them to deal with the tiger demon, so it was obvious that this Burning Heaven Divine Church was no good either.
But Chen Ping and the others walked on for some distance and found that the fog in front of them had changed to pink, a very beautiful pink fog!
But after looking at this pink mist, Hu Ma Zi’s face changed dramatically!
“Be careful, this fog can damage the mind and make people become brutal ……”
Pocky Hu warned loudly.
Soon, several people were holding their breath and protecting their minds tightly so as not to be damaged!
Just after stepping into that pink mist, Chen Ping felt a dizzying sensation.
But along with the flash of golden light in Chen Ping’s mind, he instantly came to his senses!
Hu Pazi and Fan Jiang were stone-faced, their eyes staring dead ahead, not daring to be distracted in the slightest!
Ge Yuhan was much more relaxed, the spirit inside her was the Saintess of Guang Han Palace, a figure who had been around for thousands of years!
Her mind was already indestructible!
As Chen Ping went deeper, Hu Ma Zi and Fan Jiang’s foreheads were covered in cold sweat, and although they didn’t dare to be distracted in the slightest, their eyes began to change, slowly turning red!
A rampant aura was also slowly rising from their bodies, only the two of them hadn’t noticed it yet!
Sensing the change in Hu Ma Zi and Fan Jiang’s aura, Chen Ping knew that these two men would not last much longer, for he did not know how long it would take them to get out of here!
Suddenly, Chen Ping remembered his Clear Heart Mantra, wasn’t it the very thing that restrained this mist?
“Master Hu, Fan Jiang, I will pa*s on a set of incantations to you, so that you can resist the erosion of this mist.”
With that, Chen Ping pa*sed on the Clear Heart Incantation to the duo without reservation!
As the two recited the Clear Heart Incantation, a cool and penetrating feeling instantly struck their entire bodies, and the two men’s scarlet eyes slowly recovered!
Just when Chen Ping felt that he could easily pa*s through the mist, there was a sudden sound of a fight in front of him!
The fight was very fierce, and was accompanied by screams.
Chen Ping looked at each other and instantly headed in the direction of the fight!
When Chen Ping arrived, they found that a dozen people were killing each other, and all of them were from the Burning Heaven God Sect.
Everyone’s eyes were scarlet, and they had made each other their mortal enemies!
At this moment, several corpses were already lying on the ground.
Daniel had also gone berserk and was waving his weapon in his hand!