After all, they were high and mighty, even those clans and royals of the Celestial Realm might not have entered their eyes!
A poor and remote place like this, they were even more invisible!
It was like a billionaire going inside that ravine!
“All the people here, it seems like they don’t know how to fly in the air, their strength looks too weak, why don’t they all cultivate?”
Zhou Tang also asked in a very strange manner!
Chen Ping could only roll his eyes in speechlessness, this was really why not meat, it was hard for these villagers to stay alive, where would they have the effort to close down and cultivate every day!
And where do the resources for cultivation come from? They can’t just fall out of thin air, right?
Just as Chen Ping and the others were resting, four uninvited guests came outside the Boulder Village!
“Boulder Village Stewards get out here, who told you to hunt?”
A cultivator wearing a grey cloth robe and holding a sword in his hand shouted!
Behind this cultivator, there were three other people, each with a ferocious appearance!
“Who are you people? What’s wrong with us hunting?”
Ah Li walked over with great dissatisfaction!
Boom!
Just as Ah Li’s words fell, the robed cultivator kicked Ah Li away!
“Little brat, when talking to our Demon Sealing Alliance, you have to lower your stance ……”
The robed cultivator said in a cold voice!
Upon hearing that it was someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance, the old village chief walked over quickly, his face became very ugly and his expression tensed up!
And at this time, a large number of villagers all gathered around, seeing Ah Li being beaten, one was furious!
“Several people, the child is still young and doesn’t know any better, I hope you can forgive.”
“We just hunted a bit at the foot of the mountain, we didn’t go up the mountain, we know that the mountain is all sealed off!”
The old village chief hurriedly said something nice!
“Not even at the foot of the mountain, in the future, all prey cannot be hunted, and everything on the mountain belongs to our Demon Sealing Alliance, no one is allowed to be moving it!”
The robed cultivator said arrogantly!
When the crowd heard this, they were in an uproar, if this doesn’t allow them to do anything, are they just going to wait for death?
“Too overbearing, not letting us hunt and pick herbs, letting us wait for death?”
Yun’er said with great dissatisfaction!
Yun’er’s voice immediately caught the attention of that long robed cultivator, who then looked over towards Yun’er!
After just a glance, that long robed cultivator was attracted by the old woman beside Yun’er!
“Devil cultivator? You even have devil cultivators here?”
The long robed cultivator was overjoyed and hurriedly shouted to the three people behind him, “Brothers, we’ve come across a devil cultivator, we’re rich, quickly send a message to the boss!”
The robed cultivator shouted as he headed towards the old woman!
Soon, the old woman was surrounded by the four people, and each of the four people were all excited!
They had joined the Demon Sealing Alliance not long ago, and apart from collecting some resources and making offerings to the Demon Sealing Alliance, they didn’t have much to show for it!
Now that they had come across a demonic cultivator, if this was captured and sent to the Demon Sealing Alliance’s headquarters, they would definitely be rewarded and reused!
“What are you guys doing? Granny is not a devil cultivator!”
Yun’er blocked in front of the old woman and said with a nervous expression!
The old village chief also led the crowd to block directly in front of the old woman.
“Old thing, get to the side if you don’t want to die, or I’ll kill you all!”
The robed cultivator threatened the old village chief!
The old village chief and the many villagers all remained motionless, not much fear on their faces!
Since they weren’t given a chance to live, they had no choice but to fight!
“Who’s so bullish that they want to kill everyone here?”
A teasing voice came out, and immediately after, Chen Ping was seen walking over with Xuan Bin and the others!
When the robed cultivator saw Chen Ping and the few of them, he was slightly stunned, but did not care too much!
After all, there was no aura fluctuation on Chen Ping and the others, and it was impossible to tell the strength level!
“Kid, seeing that you are not dressed as people from Boulder Village, it’s better not to mind your own business and get out of the way.”
“We are from the Demon Sealing Alliance, specialising in catching demonic cultivators, if you dare to obstruct, take all of you away.”
The long robed cultivator said with a bullish face!