“Ah …………”
Hai Dafu roared as a terrifying aura erupted from his body, directly shattering that frost!
“Patriarch Luo, we’re fighting bitterly here and you’re bringing people to watch the joke?”
Hai Dafu stared angrily at Patriarch Luo, who was not far away, and asked angrily!
All five of their clans, all of them were fighting bitterly, although Patriarch Chen of the Celestial Star Sect didn’t put up a fight that day, but Hai Dafu knew why!
Patriarch Chen’s body was poisoned, and now there was no way to use spiritual energy, otherwise the toxin would spread rapidly and he would die soon!
In this place, and unable to find a pharmacist, it was certain death!
But Patriarch Luo followed Chen Ping to watch the battle from the sidelines, and surprisingly, he didn’t have the slightest intention to make a move, as well as the Holy Maiden that Chen Ping had brought with him, all of them were hiding far away as well!
This was obviously pitting them, could Hai Dafu not be anxious1
“Patriarch Hai, that Ice Bear Monster is just too powerful, it’s not good for me to make a move ah, in addition if I make a move, I’m afraid that you’ll shoot me in the back.”
Patriarch Luo said indifferently!
Hai Dafu froze, he understood what Patriarch Luo meant when he said!
“Patriarch Luo, our five great clans are originally from the same clan, are you just going to stand by and watch us fight bitterly?”
“As the head of the five great sects, you shouldn’t be so narrow-minded.”
“How could we possibly make a move against you, at most we just have thoughts about that Chen Ping!
“After all, this fellow is worth a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance!”
Hai Dafu unexpectedly followed Patriarch Luo and played the emotion card!
He knew that if Patriarch Luo didn’t bring anyone with him, the few of them would lose sooner or later against so many poisonous insects and ice bear monsters!
It was as if these demonic beasts had taken a pill, each one of them was excited beyond belief and attacked desperately!
“Hmph, don’t think you’ve planned it seamlessly, Patriarch Chen told me a long time ago that you guys want to kill me here, at the pole.”
“Let me tell you, I chose to follow Chen Ping and collaborate just to guard against the three of you.”
“We are from the same clan, yet you all have murderous intentions towards me, how can I possibly help you!”
Patriarch Luo simply picked it out directly!
Hai Dafu and the others were being pestered by the Ice Bear Monster, and there was no way for them to escape in a short period of time!
Even if they managed to escape, they would have been exhausted long ago, and they could have beheaded them at will!
Hearing this, Hai Dafu gritted his teeth in anger and stared viciously at that Patriarch Chen!
“Surname Chen, you forgot about the poison on your body, you even snitched, then don’t blame me for being ruthless.”
“Your poison, if you don’t have my antidote, you would have died in three days.”
Hai Da Fu, at this point in time, even dared to angrily threaten Patriarch Chen!
“You don’t need to threaten him, his poison, I can cure it!”
Chen Ping stepped forward and said!
When Hai Da Fu saw Chen Ping step forward, he became even more furious!
But it was useless even if he was angry now, a few Ice Bear Monsters made the three of them burnt out, and there were poisonous insects constantly harassing them!
“Kid, you don’t have to be wild, thinking that a few demonic beasts can trap us, when we kill these demonic beasts, we will definitely take your life!”
Hai Dafu roared, venting the anger in his heart!
“Hmph, you don’t have a chance!”
Chen Ping said, his figure was like a meteor, instantly heading towards that Hai Dafu!
Chen Ping’s speed was extremely fast, as if he had disappeared in an instant!
Seeing this scene, Hai Dafu was startled!
Chen Ping stepped on the Royal Fire Steps and slapped his fist towards that Hai Dafu!
With this punch, the fist was heavy with shadows and golden light, as if a blazing sun was in the sky!
“You dare ……,” Hai Dafu gritted his teeth!
Boom!
The words had just fallen when this fist blasted in front of Hai Dafu’s body!
Hai Dafu wanted to dodge, but found that he was unexpectedly wrapped in this terrifying fist shadow, and there was nowhere to hide!
A feeling of danger arose!
“Patriarch Yue, Patriarch Yang, save me ……”
There was panic in Hai Da Fu’s eyes as he cried out for help.
But those two were entangled by the Ice Bear Monster, where was the chance to come to the rescue!