When Hu Da and Hu Er saw this, they instinctively retreated backwards, wanting to pull away from following Chen Ping!
The Demon Whip in Chen Ping’s hand instantly produced a loud sound!
This loud sound directly caused the two to have a mental lurch, and their movements slowed down by a few points!
Chen Ping saw the right moment, and the Demon Whip viciously struck the two men!
The two men fell heavily to the ground, their faces full of grimaces and pain.
The Supreme Fire on the Demon Drawing Whip even left a scar on the two people’s bodies, looking very horrible!
At this moment, those demonic cultivators who had originally breathed a sigh of relief, tensed up again!
Hu Er and Hu Da got up, looking at their wretched appearance, and then looked at the Demon Drawing Whip in Chen Ping’s hand, there were a few scruples in their eyes!
After all, that Demon Drawing Whip was just pain when it hit other people, but when it hit them, the demon cultivators, it was the kind of Divine Awareness Attack that was so painful that the whole person was in a bit of a state of disarray!
“Big brother, for the sake of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, put up a fight ……”
Hu Er looked towards Hu Da and said through clenched teeth!
The two of them seemed to have means that they hadn’t used yet!
“This is the last resort of our brothers, it seems that we must use it today ……”
After Hu Da finished speaking, he reached into his pocket, and immediately a formation disc with a dark body and constantly flashing formation patterns on it appeared!
Immediately after that, Hu Da forced out a drop of blood and dropped it on top of the array disc!
The array disc emitted a burst of buzzing, followed by a rapid increase in size, and a blood-coloured pattern began to appear around the earth!
“Quickly retreat, quickly retreat, this is a sacrificial blood formation ……”
Seeing this, Sheng Bushi was filled with fear and panic and hurriedly greeted the others as they retreated backwards!
If they were circled into this formation, none of them would be able to escape!
Several people desperately retreated into the distance!
Meanwhile Sheng Bushi was shouting at Chen Ping “Mr Chen, hurry up and leave, this is the Sacrificial Blood Formation, a formation disc left behind during the God-Devil War.”
“This kind of formation is very overbearing, hurry up and escape ah ……”
Sheng Bushi yelled for Chen Ping to escape as well!
However, not even waiting for Chen Ping to react, that blood coloured grand formation directly surrounded Chen Ping, the surrounding blood coloured formation patterns flickered, arcane and incomparable.
And this formation is very complex, it is difficult to find out where the eye of the formation in a short period of time, the surroundings began to diffuse the bloody gas, followed by a burst of mournful wailing sound!
That wailing sound, is not like a hallucination, sounds very real, Chen Ping can not help but follow the sound to look, surprised to find that Hu Da and Hu Er brought those demonic cultivators, at this moment was actually a bloody mist shrouded, each person’s body blood, are constantly gushing out to the surroundings!
The blood of these devil cultivators made the Sacrificial Blood Formation become even more dazzling and incomparable, and at the same time, in the middle of the formation, a mass of blood mist was like a sharp blade, drifting around in an irregular manner!
When the blood of those demonic cultivators floated into the air, it would be quickly absorbed by that blood mist!
Chen Ping was surprised, he did not expect that this Hu Da and Hu Er, in order to kill themselves and wait for the hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, would even spare their own people!
Soon, those demonic cultivators were all sucked into human dryness by this sacrificial blood formation, not a single drop of blood left on their bodies!
After Hu Da and Hu Er looked at each other, they actually took the initiative to fly into the big formation, allowing that surrounding blood mist to absorb the blood in their bodies!
The skin on the two people’s bodies continued to ooze bright red blood, and the blood mist became even denser!
Chen Ping froze, he didn’t understand what was going on with this Hu Da Hu Er, was he also going to sacrifice his life?
If both of them were also drained of their blood and died by this sacrificial blood formation, what was the point of them killing Chen Ping!
Don’t say that the Demon Sealing Alliance has been offering for a hundred years, even if it’s a thousand years, ten thousand years what’s the point!
People are dead, they are not useful at all!
However, Chen Ping knew that these two guys could not be so stupid as to sacrifice their lives to the formation!