Early the next morning!
The Palace Master had gathered more than a dozen Saint Maidens to wait for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping slowly walked out of his room with a few tired colours on his face!
“Mr Chen, you didn’t rest well?”
Seeing this, the Palace Master then asked!
“It’s alright!”Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Last night, he had thought about his women all night, which one was his true love!
“Now you can set off, there shouldn’t be any dangers along the way, those outer disciples of Lan Yingying and the girls and the cultivators who have gone through the examination yesterday have already set off.”
“I had them leave signs along the way, you guys just need to follow the signs, so there won’t be much danger!”
The Palace Master said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, he knew that all those outer disciples were just cannon fodder, the vanguard to open the way!
However, this could not be helped, the development of a sect always required sacrifices.
After saying goodbye to the Palace Master after following him, Chen Ping’s set off with Bing Lu and the girls!
This place had already reached the southernmost part of the Southern Domain!
But the direction that Chen Ping and the others had set off in, surprisingly, continued to the south!
The borders of that chaos in the Celestial Realm could be seen, could it be that the pole was in the middle of that chaos?
“Mr Chen, our Guanghan Palace is not yet the southernmost, from here to that chaos border, there are still thousands of miles to go.”
Bing Lu followed Chen Ping and said!
As the saying goes, that’s how it is when you look at a mountain and run away from it!
It looked very close, but in fact there was still a long way to go!
Because someone had already opened the way in front of them, Chen Ping walked very quickly and relaxed!
At this time, on a small hill not far from the Guanghan Palace, the Mu family had gathered here!
“Eldest Miss, the people from the Broad Cold Palace have already moved ……”
Mu Yao reported towards Mu Kui’s aunt!
“En, you guys also set off, don’t make a move on the road, just make use of these people from the Guanghan Palace to fight the front, and make a move at the poles when you arrive.”
“Things are done sharply, don’t drag the mud, a living mouth is not allowed to stay, otherwise it will be Guanghan Palace to seize the handle.”
Aunt Mu Kui said coldly!
“Understood, Eldest Miss ……”
Mu Yao nodded, then with a wave of his hand, he led the Mu Family crowd away!
While the Mu Family’s crowd was travelling to the Polar Regions, hundreds of miles away, there were also several teams of people heading towards the Polar Regions!
After all, there was temptation, and many people wanted to have strange encounters in the Polar Regions!
Among these people, one of them was wearing a peculiar black robe embroidered with demonic beasts with teeth and claws!
This person was Qi Peijia who had been injured by Chen Ping!
After this fellow escaped from the Heavenly Demon Sect after being injured by Chen Ping, he recovered from his injuries, and after hearing that the Polar Regions was the place where Immortals had fallen, he also hurriedly rushed here!
This time, I’m afraid that the Polar Regions are going to be lively!
Inside the Guanghan Palace, the Palace Master was sitting in the middle of the main hall!
“Palace Master, the Mu family has already set off, and there are several other families’ teams that are also heading towards the Polar Regions.”
“There are also many loose cultivators, the numbers add up to no less than a hundred.”
A Guanghan Palace disciple reported!
“Got it!”The Palace Master waved his hand and let the disciple go down!
“Palace Master, the news that resources were found in the Polar Regions and that it was a place where Immortals fell, why did you spread it?”
“If we openly announce it in South End City, although it will attract a large number of cultivators to sign up, there will also be just as many millions of people who will fight for resources in the Polar Regions!”
A disciple beside the Palace Master asked in great confusion!
The Palace Master, however, smiled faintly, “I’m asking you, our Guanghan Palace’s strength is compared to the Mu Family, who is more powerful?”
That Guanghan Palace disciple froze, then shook his head, “I don’t know ……”
The Palace Master knew that this disciple didn’t dare to say just that, so he said, “Our Broad Cold Palace has just started, and the strength of the disciples within the gate is still too low, there’s no way to follow the Mu Family to fight against them.”
“The reason why I spread out the news is to make the Polar Regions in chaos, only then will we have a chance to take advantage of the chaos and catch fish.”
After the Palace Master finished speaking, the corners of his mouth lifted slightly as he smiled.