Xuan Yuan Kai covered his face with a look of aggravation, “Then I’ve broken this arm for nothing?”
“Don’t worry, since we can’t kill that Chen Ping openly, we’ll do it secretly ……”
A strong killing intent flashed in Xuanyuan Yan’s eyes.
And at that moment, at the entrance of the Protector’s Pavilion, Zhu Zhishan and Long Jingguo walked out together, after seeing Chen Ping, both of them all paused slightly, obviously having something to say to Chen Ping, but neither of them opened their mouths.
“Kid, you stole the credit from the old man, you have to give me a statement today …………”
Just then, Hu Baqi roared at Chen Ping in anger.
Originally, he had discovered this ancient tomb first, but now Chen Ping had snatched it out first and stole the credit, how could Hu Baqi not be angry.
“Hu Baji, tell us the truth ……”
Seeing Hu Baqi rushing over, Zhu Zhishan asked.
Although at the celebration, Hu Bazhi had roughly said it, it was obvious that Mr. Shi did not believe it, or else he would not have said to credit Chen Ping with the credit.
“League Master, I discovered this ancient tomb first, I was exploring the tomb and was crashed through ………… by this kid,” Hu Baqi told what happened that day, in detail, and then said angrily. “Today he told the location of this ancient tomb first, isn’t this clearly stealing my credit? I hope the alliance master can make the decision ……”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping: “Chen Ping, is what he said the truth? If so, I feel the need to explain this matter to Mr. Shi again.”
“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded without hesitation, but then continued, “Only this ancient tomb was not really scouted out by him at that time, it was my own scouting, if he really scouted it out, after I left, why didn’t he follow you in time to report it to the alliance master? Could it be that they, the Hu family, want to take this ancient tomb for themselves?”
“You are talking nonsense, I …… I …………”
Hu Baji also did not know how to explain, after all, this has been several days, why Hu Baji did not follow the Martial Alliance to report in the first place, he himself knows best in his heart.
“You simply can’t be sure if there is really an ancient tomb there, after I left, you must have gone to explore it again, only you still didn’t explore it, because that ancient tomb has been hidden by me using a magic formation, you can’t explore it ……”
Chen Ping looked at Hu Baqi like that and directly demolished him.
“I …… you …………” Hu Baqi was dumbfounded by what he said, and finally pointed at Chen Ping with one clenched tooth and said. “Kid, you wait for me, sooner or later I will show you!”
Hu Baqi left in a huff, while Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping and said in an elderly posture, “Your sharpness is too exposed, this is not a good thing, even if someone behind you protects you, but it is impossible to protect you for life, take care of yourself ……”
After Zhu Zhishan finished speaking, he also left, while that Long Jingguo did not speak after Chen Ping from the beginning to the end, but only looked at Chen Ping twice with a smiling expression.
Everyone left, and the Guardian Pavilion regained its calm!
“Mr. Chen, although Mr. Shi has given the word, but you’d better be more careful, I find that you’ve really offended quite a few people …………”
Zhao Wuji helplessly glanced at Chen Ping and said.
“The path of cultivation is long, there will always be stumbling blocks, if it is smooth sailing, I am afraid that I will never be able to grow ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Zhao Wuji did not understand Chen Ping, the reason why Chen Ping did this was simply because he wanted to get more resources, he could not get around these if he wanted to grow in strength.
And Chen Ping had no way to go long to slowly cultivate, because his mother was still suffering, although Chen Ping had never met his mother, but he knew that his mother must love him, as a son of man, he had the responsibility to save his mother.