“Sister Binglu, look who that is!”
At this moment, a Holy Maiden spotted Chen Ping sitting on the roof in contemplation, so she hurriedly said!
When Bing Lu saw Chen Ping, her eyes suddenly turned and she muttered in a low voice to the other Holy Maidens!
After hearing this, the other Saint Maidens all waved their hands in succession!
“Sister Bing Lu, stop it, if this is known to the Palace Master, we will definitely be chastised.”
A holy woman said in fear!
“What are you afraid of, we’re leaving tomorrow, we don’t know if we’ll live or die yet, the Palace Master won’t chastise us.”
“We are also just testing this guy, just don’t hurt him, didn’t the Palace Master say that we are not even a match for this guy when we join forces, I would like to try!”
Bing Lu said with disdain flashing in her eyes!
“Alright then, all be careful, don’t lay your hands on him!”
The Holy Maidens nodded!
A dozen or so Saint Maidens quietly leaned towards Chen Ping!
These people all collected their breath and held their breath, not wanting to let Chen Ping gap the road!
As soon as they returned, they were actually detected by Chen Ping!
However, Chen Ping did not expect that these Holy Maidens would want to make a move against themselves!
Soon, a dozen or so figures headed towards Chen Ping like lightning!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, and just as Bing Lu and the girls reached behind Chen Ping, Chen Ping’s figure suddenly disappeared!
These Saint Maidens were all stunned, somewhat incredulous!
Obviously, Chen Ping was right in front of them, but when they made their move, Chen Ping’s figure was gone!
“Are you all unconvinced?”
At this moment, Chen Ping’s voice came from a short distance away!
Just now, Chen Ping had utilised his Royal Fire Steps and instantly appeared not far away!
“Yes, we are unconvinced, I don’t believe that you can beat us, the Holy Maidens, by yourself.”
Bing Lu looked towards Chen Ping and said in a cold voice!
“It’s not about beating you guys, it’s about the fact that even if you team up, you won’t be able to hurt me at all, understand!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“Arrogant ……”
Bing Lu smoothly grabbed her hand, and the cold air between heaven and earth directly condensed a frost sword in that Bing Lu’s hand!
Seeing this, the other Saint Maidens also made a smooth grab, and they condensed the cold Qi between heaven and earth into a frost sword!
A dozen of frost swords, together, headed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping knew that these Saint Maidens would not feel at ease to follow the arrangement without showing some real skills!
Only to see Chen Ping’s body flashing with golden light, the Unbreakable Golden Body instantly covered Chen Ping’s entire body!
Facing a dozen of frost swords, Chen Ping however did not dodge, intending to use this Undying Golden Body to resist it!
Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body, coupled with his strong body, it was still easy to block the attacks of these dozen or so Holy Maidens!
After all, these Saint Maidens were only at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm!
Boom boom boom …………
A dozen or so frost swords chopped at Chen Ping’s body in unison, sending out huge explosions!
Waves of air tumbled and the void distorted!
The dozen or so frost swords, after touching Chen Ping, unexpectedly all shattered instantly!
However, Chen Ping was standing intact with a faint smile on his face!
Looking at the shattered frost swords, all of the Holy Maidens were dumbfounded!
They looked at Chen Ping with disbelief!
“How …… how did this happen?”
Bing Lu’s face was full of disbelief, she couldn’t believe that a dozen or so of them who were at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm couldn’t even hurt Chen Ping who was at the third rank of the Transition Realm!
People were not moving at all, letting them fight, but they couldn’t even hurt him?
This huge discrepancy made it a little difficult for all the Saint Maidens to accept!
“I’ve said that even if you all join forces, you are no match for Mr Chen, you all had to make fools of yourselves, now do you know?”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace came!
Seeing the Palace Master coming, all of these Saint Maidens became apprehensive!
“Why don’t you hurry up and apologise to Mr Chen, he was only standing and letting you all strike, if he had fought back, you all would fear that you wouldn’t have been able to stand here a long time ago.”
The Palace Master said sternly!
Bing Lu and those Holy Maidens, at this moment, also truly knew how powerful Chen Ping was!
“Mr Chen, I’m sorry, it’s because we were blind and didn’t see that Mr Chen was actually a high ranking person!”
Bing Lu hurriedly followed Chen Ping and apologised, and it was a sincere apology!