Chen Ping followed Shen Ji Zi as he strolled around the market, there were quite a few things on the stalls, but there really wasn’t anything too good!
But just as they had just taken a few steps, they found that in front of a stall in front of them, it was surrounded by people!
“Let’s go, there’s definitely a treasure out in front, go take a look ……”
Shen Ji Zi could tell at a glance that the stall in front had produced treasures, otherwise there wouldn’t be so many people gathered around!
Chen Ping and the others had just approached when they heard the crowd murmuring!
“This Xuan Turtle Armour is a fake, right? This guy is joking when he says that it can withstand strong attacks!”
“It should be true, but getting a dozen Xuan Tortoise Armours at once is going to make us rich too.”
“Although this Xuan Turtle Armour is real, but this thing must be used in conjunction with a talisman, for us ordinary cultivators, it’s not much use, who of you can draw a talisman?”
“Half a million spirit coins a piece, it’s not too expensive, only if you want to find a senior talisman master to draw on the talisman, I’m afraid it will be difficult, a few million spirit coins will be enough.”
Chen Ping listened to the discussion of these cultivators and was instantly interested, rushing to squeeze in!
Chen Ping found that the stall owner was a somewhat old looking old man, in front of him lay a dozen or so Xuan Tortoise Armours, which were surprisingly the same size, and within the tortoise armour one could still feel the slightest hint of spiritual qi!
Chen Ping squatted down and picked up a Xuan Tortoise Armour and observed it carefully, these Xuan Tortoise Armours had clear lines, and there was also spiritual qi bubbling up inside, so it shouldn’t be a fake!
“Although this Xuan Tortoise Armour is incredibly hard, it can only be used in conjunction with a talisman, if you don’t inscribe a talisman on the Xuan Tortoise Armour, this thing isn’t as good as an ordinary Golden Silk Armour.”
“However, if one is able to inscribe a talisman, in conjunction with the Xuan Tortoise Armour, it’s not much of a problem to withstand an attack from an expert, and as for how much strength one can withstand, it depends on the level of the talisman master who inscribed the talisman.”
“Let’s just go and take a look elsewhere, this thing is too chickenish!”
Shen Ji Zi said as he pulled Chen Ping!
Half a million spirit coins a piece was not a small amount in the eyes of these commoner cultivators, and it was useless to hold this thing in one’s hand!
If one was looking for a high level talisman master to engrave it, then one would not know how much it would cost!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was inwardly happy when he heard Shen Ji Zi’s words, but he did not show it on his face, he was afraid that this stall owner would take the opportunity to raise the price!
“If I take all of it, can this Xuan Turtle Armour still be cheaper?”
Chen Ping asked to the stall owner!
“You want it all?” The stall owner looked at Chen Ping with some surprise in his eyes!
“Yes, I’ll take all of it, but your price has to be right.”
Chen Ping casually fiddled with the Xuan Turtle Armours, not showing much interest!
The stall owner watched Chen Ping and then looked at his Xuan Tortoise Armour, so he said “This is thirteen Xuan Tortoise Armours, you can give me five million Spirit Coins and forget about it.”
“Good ……”
Chen Ping did not hesitate and directly took out five purple gold spirit coins and threw them to the stall owner, then threw the thirteen Xuan Tortoise Armours into the storage ring!
With the transaction completed, Chen Ping did not stop for a moment and got up to leave!
Seeing that Chen Ping was so quick, the stall owner’s eyes showed a few moments of regret, had he known that he would have put the price at a higher level.
The other cultivators were also shocked when they saw Chen Ping buy the Xuan Turtle Armour away so painfully!
Especially Shen Ji Zi, rushed to catch up with Chen Ping and said “Fellow Daoist, it’s not that I’m talking about you, even if you have money, you can’t spend it like this, you’re a loser!”
Shen Ji Zi had a heartbroken look on his face, as if it was his own money that he was spending!
Looking at Shen Ji Zi’s face, Chen Ping smiled and did not say anything!
This guy, is really a miser!
Probably valued money more than his life!
“Is there any high-class stalls in this market, it’s too slow to stroll from house to house!”
Chen Ping wanted to directly look for the kind of stalls that sold high-level items to have a look, this kind of ordinary stalls wanted to find good things, it was simply like finding a needle in a haystack!