“Hide far away, didn’t you hear Mr Chen?”
Bai Cheng said in a cold voice to the youngest sister’s brother!
The youngest brother was very speechless, but he could only find a place to stay by himself!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, walked under the ancient tree and looked at the towering ancient tree, very shocked!
Because Chen Ping was too small underneath this ancient tree!
Chen Ping gently stroked the trunk of the tree and did not rush to probe, because Chen Ping was not sure if there were formations within this ancient tree or not!
If he hastily probed with his divine sense and really alerted the people from the City Lord’s Mansion, then he would be in trouble!
It was estimated that not many people knew the secret of this ancient tree!
If Chen Ping knew it now, those people would definitely not let him leave the dungeon!
After taking a closer look at the ancient tree, Chen Ping beckoned towards that Bai Cheng!
Seeing this, Bai Cheng hurriedly walked over!
“For what reason were you caught in here?”
Chen Ping asked.
“I …… wasn’t captured in!”
Bai Cheng said!
“Not captured in?”Chen Ping froze, “Then why did you come in?”
“I am here specifically to guard this ancient tree, to prevent anyone from approaching it recklessly!”
Bai Cheng said truthfully!
“Aren’t there guards in this large prison? Could it be that those guards cannot guard the ancient tree, and they have to specially send you to guard it?”
Chen Ping was very puzzled, he did not understand that there were clearly guards in the large prison, so why did he still want Bai Cheng to bring someone to guard the ancient tree!
Listening to Chen Ping’s question, Bai Cheng looked around and then whispered beside Chen Ping, “Mr Chen is unaware that this dungeon guard is under the jurisdiction of General Yan, and the ancient tree within this dungeon is the centre of gravity of the entire City Lord’s Mansion, so General Interpretation has sent me to bring someone to guard the ancient tree.”
“In that case, we follow the dungeon guards to supervise each other, and no one can do anything unfavourable to the ancient tree!”
“General Yan? General Xing? What is all this? Could it be that these generals are not in harmony?”
Chen Ping somewhat did not understand Bai Cheng’s words!
Bai Cheng looked at Chen Ping’s expression and knew that Chen Ping really did not understand, so he asked, “This is the first time Mr Chen has come to Beast City, right?”
“Not bad, I used to cultivate hard in the mountains and forests around Beast City, this is the first time I have entered the middle of Beast City!”
Chen Ping nodded and said!
“That’s no wonder, Mr Chen doesn’t know that the Beast City nowadays is governed by three Beast Generals, and the City Lord hasn’t shown his face for quite some time now.”
“These three Beast Generals are General Yan, General Xing and General Qiu, the three have a division of labour but they constrain each other, no one trusts anyone!”
“I am General Xing’s guest secretary, and it is also General Xing’s order to guard the ancient tree in this large prison.”
“The guards in this large prison are not at odds with us, on the contrary that Captain Zhou, has always looked at me in a bad light, wanting to compete with me.”
Bai Cheng followed Chen Ping as he spoke in detail about the situation in Beast City at this time!
After Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood that the reason why the big prison changed its rules yesterday and purposely added ten minutes of release time!
Moreover, when he followed Bai Cheng to fight, the guards did not appear to anyone, it looked like it was not that Captain Zhou who was jealous of himself, it should have been deliberately so, so that he could follow Bai Cheng to fight!
“Where did the city lord of this Beast City go?”Chen Ping asked!
“I’m not sure, all I know is that the Beast City Lord hasn’t been seen for a long time.”
Bai Cheng shook his head and said!
After all, Bai Cheng was only the guest secretary of one of the Beast Generals, so it was expected that many of the secrets within the City Lord’s Mansion were not known!
“Then what is the secret of this ancient tree, and why is it still guarded by someone alone, do you know?”
Chen Ping continued to ask at Bai Cheng!
Since Bai Cheng was guarding the ancient tree, he should probably know some secrets as well!
Bai Cheng was slightly stunned, then his expression became a little odd, as if he had a few moments of struggle!