The next day!
The martial arts arena was already crowded early on, with many people looking forward to the fight between Ning Zhi and Long Xiao!
Almost all of the people from the Kyoto martial arts community were present.
A large portion of these people were hoping that Ning Zhi would win, after all, the Martial Arts Union was still very restrained compared to Long Xiao’s brutality.
Ning Zhi, with his five black bronze robes, also arrived at the martial arts arena. Ning Zhi took this stop very seriously, as it would establish his status in the martial arts world of Kyoto.
This was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and Ning Zhi was going to give it his all!
And Long Xiao also brought several experts from the Long Family to the martial arts arena, and Long Xiao’s appearance instantly silenced the originally lively martial arts arena!
After many people saw Long Xiao, a strong fear arose deep within their hearts!
Looking at the crowd’s attitude towards himself, the corners of Long Xiao’s mouth lifted slightly, what he liked most was watching the crowd’s look of fear towards him!
“Long Xiao is a big bad guy, we must kill Long Xiao today ……”
At that moment, in the middle of the crowd, a shrill voice rang out!
The crowd instantly looked towards that voice, and the person who had just shouted out those words originally wanted to run after shouting.
Unfortunately, he didn’t make it, and was betrayed by the crowd’s gaze!
It was a child who was only in his teens, with the boyishness on his face still intact.
“Seeking death ……”
Long Xiao’s eyes narrowed, and a cold killing intent instantly rose up.
In front of so many people, this guy dared to provoke his majesty, how could Long Xiao endure it!
With that, Long Xiao raised his hand and a powerful aura instantly filled the air, crushing towards that teenage kid.
The crowd felt the aura and began to dodge, while the child’s face was covered with panic!
But just after that powerful Qi reached that child, it was blocked by an aura.
“Long Xiao, he’s just a child, what kind of man are you to make a move on a child?”
At this moment, Ge Chia-Yi slowly stepped forward!
Ge Fuhai had originally not allowed Ge Jiayi to just walk out of the Ge family, but today when Ning Zhi followed Long Xiao in the battle, Ge Jiayi just couldn’t control her curiosity, so she ran out!
She wanted to see what kind of fight broke out between the two Great Martial Marquis!
Ge Jiayi was highly gifted, and she had always longed to break through the Great Martial Marquis herself.
Seeing Ge Jiayi stand out, Long Xiao’s originally grim face had a slight smile on it.
“So it’s Miss Ge, I haven’t seen you for many days, you’ve become more and more beautiful ……”
There was an evil smile in Long Xiao’s eyes!
Long Xiao used to be fond of Ge Jiayi, it was just a pity that at that time, although Long Xiao was gifted, he was not as accomplished as he is now!
His strength wasn’t as high as Ge Jiayi’s, so he didn’t dare to confess his love either!
But now it was different, the entire martial arts world in Kyoto was only dominated by Long Xiao, and Long Xiao had swelled to the extreme!
When Ge Jiayi looked at Long Xiao, her eyes were filled with disgust!
But Long Xiao didn’t know it, he went straight forward and followed Ge Jiayi a few steps closer!
“The number one talented girl in the martial arts world of Kyoto, looking at the entire martial arts world, I’m afraid that only Miss Ge can match me.”
“Do you know why I haven’t made a move against your Ge family during this period of time? It’s because of you ……”
“Miss Ge’s beauty has always made me obsessed ……”
Long Xiao said, and actually went up to pull Ge Jiayi’s hand in front of the crowd!
Ge Jiayi’s face changed and she hurriedly took two steps backwards!
“Long Xiao, look at yourself now, you’re not a human being, are you still worthy of liking me?”
“I’m disgusted at the sight of you, don’t you come near me anymore ……”
Ge Chia-Yi taunted at Long Xiao without any hesitation!
Ge Chia-Yi’s words caused the smile on Long Xiao’s face to disappear instantly!
“You’re looking for death ……”
Long Xiao’s face, changed as soon as he said it, just now he was saying that he liked Ge Jiayi, but at this moment, his eyes were filled with killing intent, he wanted to slap Ge Jiayi to death!