Chen Ping saw that on the ground in front of him, there were countless giant dragon corpses with endless dragon qi entwined, a dragon qi that only Chen Ping could feel!
It was also because of this aura that it summoned Chen Ping!
These dragon qi surrounded this area and did not spread out in all directions, and in the depths of Chen Ping’s soul, it was as if he heard the roar of a giant dragon resounding from within this mass of dragon qi in front of him, and it was as if the sound was coming from the distant past!
It seemed to bring Chen Ping to that ancient battle, allowing Chen Ping to personally visit the battlefield at that time!
Chen Ping took a deep breath and forced down his inner shock as he stepped into the mass of dragon qi, standing in front of the many giant dragon corpses, Chen Ping’s heart was shaken beyond measure!
He did not understand what had happened in the God-Devil War back then, and even more so, he did not understand what the Dragon Race had suffered, so much so that so many giant dragons had fallen in this one ancient battlefield!
When Chen Ping stood in that mass of dragon qi, his body began to unconsciously absorb that dragon qi, and the dragon crystals within Chen Ping’s body flickered madly!
And just as Chen Ping was immersed in it, suddenly a faint white light, flashed from that mass of dragon qi, and immediately after that this white light turned into the shape of a person!
This human figure was becoming clearer and clearer, and in the end, Chen Ping could see that the human figure in front of him was a middle-aged man in his fifties, all dressed in a white robe, only that the white robe was stained with a lot of blood!
What made Chen Ping very impressed was that this middle-aged man had two dragon horns on his head!
“What are you …… you?”
Chen Ping was now surprised to see the person in front of him!
“What am I, do you still need to ask? Could it be that you can’t see or sense my aura?”
The middle-aged man said with a slight smile!
Chen Ping fell silent and then spoke “You are a Dragon Race?” >
“Hahaha, simply nonsense, if you are not a Dragon Race, how could you have entered here, how could you have possibly discovered this area.”
The middle-aged man laughed out loud!
“Senior, since you are of the Dragon Race, do you know my identity? I also have the bloodline of the Dragon Race in me.”
“Do you know, who my father is?”
Chen Ping excitedly asked the middle-aged man in front of him!
The middle-aged man sized up Chen Ping, then shook his head and said “I don’t know who your father is, but I do know that you have the purest and most noble Golden Dragon bloodline in you.”
“For you to be able to get here, this may be the will of heaven ……”
“Pure? Noble?” Chen Ping was a little confused “Senior, could it be that the dragons are still not of the same bloodline?”
“How can it be, you have to know that dragons have nine different sons, after tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years of development, the entire Dragon Race has thousands of major clans, and below that there are tens of thousands of branch clans, how can it be one bloodline.”
“And our dragon race for the bloodline is the most important, only the most pure, noble bloodline will be respected.”
“And some dragon branches, in order to strengthen their own bloodline, they don’t hesitate to follow other clans to marry, making many dragon bloodlines more and more mixed.”
“Our truly powerful dragon bloodline doesn’t need to follow any ethnic group for marriage, and even more so doesn’t need to then be sheltered by an ethnic group.”
“And those dragon branches that are not strong enough on their own know that their bloodline is not pure and their cultivation is restricted, so they will follow other groups to marry in order to seek a breakthrough in their bloodline.”
“Among the bloodlines of our dragon clan, the Golden Dragon clan has the purest bloodline, even if they already have a dragon bloodline, the Golden Dragon clan are all transformed from snakes into pythons, from pythons into augers, and from augers into dragons, experiencing thousands of dangers and countless trials and tribulations, and then metamorphosing step-by-step, not by relying on their own dragon bloodline, and relying on their own dragon bloodline, and enjoying the benefits of their own bloodline!”