“This matter must be kept secret and not spread out, otherwise it will easily cause panic.”
A moment later, Chen Wenliang said!
If it was known that the Spirit Boat was about to collapse, it would inevitably cause the many Pill Masters to panic!
In the middle of this vast ocean, there was no place to land!
There might even be a sneak attack by the demonic beasts in the sea!
“Good, I won’t say anything.”
Gu Tianzhao nodded.
“We can’t hide it, if we hide it, it will cause more panic, and it’s impossible to hide it from the crowd.”
“It has to be all of us working together to figure it out, right now we have to be in the same boat.”
Chen Ping did not agree to hide it from everyone, it had to be told to the crowd!
When Chen Wenliang saw Chen Ping say this, he did not say anything else!
After all, they all had to rely on Chen Ping to break out of this huge storm!
Chen Ping returned to the deck above them!
Then he said to the crowd, “Gentlemen, our spirit boat is damaged and we don’t think it will last too long, so all of us need to be mentally prepared.”
“What? The spirit boat is damaged? If the spirit boat sinks, then what about us people? It’s impossible to keep flying in the air ah.”
“This place is thousands of miles away from the nearest continent, we simply can’t fly.”
“There are quite a few demonic beasts in this sea, are we all going to be buried here?”
“Ai, we just got so many beast pills and treasures, but we’re going to die here again!”
For a while, pessimism spread amongst the crowd!
After all, without a spirit boat, there was no way for most pill masters to return to the Western Continent!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, isn’t there an island nearby, if we find that island before the spirit boat sinks, we’ll be fine.”
Zhong Yi said!
“Not bad, that’s what I was thinking too, except that what bearing that island is in and how far away it is, no one knows, so it’s not an easy thing to find.”
Chen Ping also knew that they had to find the island first, but they only knew that there should be an island in this vicinity, but they did not know the exact location!
In this vast ocean, finding a small island that they did not know the location of was undoubtedly like looking for a needle in a haystack!
“Let’s first break out of this storm and discuss about finding the island, if the spirit boat sinks, how are so many of us going to break out of this storm?”
Zhong Qi suggested!
Although Chen Ping had a wind-stabilising bead, but without the spirit boat, with so many pill masters, and people from the Two Yi Sect, all flying in the air, it was impossible for the wind-stabilising bead to protect such a large area!
It was necessary to rush out of the edge of the storm before the spirit boat sank!
“That’s exactly what I intend to do, everyone must be in readiness, in case the spirit boat collapses while we are rushing out of the storm area, we must rush out with the fastest speed possible!”
Chen Ping barked at the crowd!
This was also the reason why Chen Ping had to tell the crowd about this matter, it was so that the crowd would be prepared in advance!
If the crowd was not told, and no one was prepared, and the spirit boat suddenly collapsed while rushing out of the storm, it would definitely cause panic, and a lot of people were expected to die at that time!
As the crowd listened to Chen Ping’s words, they all raised their spirits, while Chen Ping had Gu Tianzhao lead the people from the Two Yi Sect to use the formations to consolidate the spirit boat and start rushing towards the outside of the storm!
As for Su Tianshuo and the others, they quickly arrived at a small island under the leadership of Feng Xing!
The scenery on top of the small island was pleasant, and the environment was simply too beautiful!
Numerous Pill Masters had gone up to the island, all with excited faces!
“This kind of off-the-beaten-path island must have quite a few treasures.”
Bao Longxing said excitedly!
Su Tianshuo’s face was also full of smiles as he looked around at his surroundings!
Suddenly, Su Tianshuo’s face that was full of smiles froze on his face, and a trace of gravity flared up in his eyes!
“President Su, what’s wrong?”
Bao Longxing asked!