The next morning!
The formation inside the cell automatically closed, the youngest sister brother is out of the cell, towards Chen Ping said, “to the time of the release of the wind, a day only this half an hour, do not delay.”
Chen Ping got up and followed the youngest sister brother out of the cell, and yesterday was Chen Ping beat that strong man, and did not move, shrinking in the corner asleep!
After getting out of the cell, the sunlight shone on his body, very comfortable!
The only thing is that there is a white mist wrapped around the prison, the people outside can’t see here, and the people inside the prison can’t see the things outside as well!
One after another, quite a number of cultivators came out from other cells, and all of these cultivators were all waxy and thin, as if they had been drained of their bodies!
Chen Ping looked carefully and realised that there were thousands of prisoners in this prison, only that all of them could not see their cultivation, after all, they had all become like this, and their internal breath was being exposed, so they could not detect what realm they were in!
The spiritual energy of thousands of cultivators was absorbed and stored, Chen Ping did not dare to imagine how huge the spiritual energy stored in this ancient tree would be!
Chen Ping had been following Missy’s brother towards an area since he was not familiar with the dungeon!
“What are we doing to go?”
Chen Ping asked to the youngest sister’s brother!
“Going to restore our spiritual energy, when we release the wind, in this big prison, there is only one place that possesses aura, we can absorb the aura to restore the spiritual energy in our body.”
“That’s why every day during the release time, everyone will gather to that place.”
Brother Missy said!
Chen Ping contemplated Brother Missy’s words, it wasn’t that he couldn’t have aura within this large prison, but it was controlled by a large formation!
Nowadays, the spiritual qi was only open in one place and was only allowed to cultivate for half an hour, it looked like this was to better absorb the spiritual energy within these cultivators!
The reason why they did not open up all the spiritual energy and allowed these cultivators to cultivate while having their spiritual energy sucked away should be because they were afraid that some cultivators would notice the secret of the dungeon after using the heaven and earth spiritual energy to cultivate!
Chen Ping followed the youngest sister’s brother to a place the size of dozens of football fields, which had long since been filled with cultivators, each greedily absorbing the spiritual energy of heaven and earth!
The youngest sister’s brother also found a place to sit down on his knees and began to transport station techniques, absorbing the spiritual qi of heaven and earth!
However, this Heaven and Earth Spiritual Qi was absorbed by thousands of people at the same time, and instantly became much thinner!
Chen Ping also sat on the ground, but he did not absorb the heaven and earth spiritual qi to cultivate, instead, he placed his gaze above the heavenly ancient tree!
The ancient tree towered straight up into the sky, its branches and leaves were so lush that it seemed to be covering up the entire prison!
“Stop practising, come with me to see that ancient tree!”
Chen Ping said as he pulled his youngest brother!
Half an hour, absorbing the heaven and earth aura couldn’t absorb much, and so many cultivators were absorbing it like crazy, making the heaven and earth aura very thin as well!
“I still want to ……”
“Give you an elixir ……” Chen Ping directly threw out an elixir to Brother Missy!
This elixir could recover much faster than Brother Missy absorbing heaven and earth aura!
“Good!”The youngest sister’s brother hurriedly put away the elixir!
“But I can tell you, that the ancient tree below, there is a group of do not know what class of beasts live, we can only hide far away to watch!”
Brother Missy said to Chen Ping!
“Don’t know the category? Could it be that they are still outside demonic beasts?”
Chen Ping said in a slight daze!
“I don’t know, I haven’t seen it in Beast City anyway, I don’t know if it’s an outside demonic beast.”
Brother Missy shook his head and said!
The two people approached the ancient tree, hundreds of metres apart, Chen Ping found that the trunk of that ancient tree was a hundred metres thick!
It was no wonder that the roots of that tree could intricately cover the entire cell of the dungeon!
After continuing forward for a hundred metres, the youngest sister brother stopped and did not dare to go forward!
Chen Ping saw, in the ancient tree below a dozen cultivators sitting on the ground, but these cultivators look different, followed yesterday into the cell in the same strong man, as if not fully evolved in general, the face still retains the characteristics of the beast race!