One by one, the spells struck Chen Ping’s body with a crisp sound.
Chen Ping relied on his imperishable golden body to carry the attacks of these people hard.
The whole man’s eyes were red and he roared, “I will kill you all today ……”
With a roar, followed by a tremor under his feet, a force spread out from the ground, followed by a constant stream of people being shaken out by this force.
There were even weaker ones who were directly shaken to the point of bleeding to death from their seven orifices!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping swung his fist out, instantly smashing through the chest of a half-step Martial Marquis powerhouse who rushed over!
Seeing that Chen Ping was so fierce and simply desperate, some hearts began to grow timid!
“Demon Capture Hand ……”
Someone suddenly struck out, and countless claw shadows appeared in a flash, before clasping Chen Ping’s limbs in a deadly grip.
Immediately afterwards, another thread of silk came from all directions, wrapping Chen Ping up like a dumpling!
Several people kept pushing their internal energy, while the silk threads became tighter and tighter, and glowed with light!
Chen Ping was restrained and in an instant countless weapons were thrusting towards Chen Ping’s body!
When Dong Liqun and Zhao Wuji saw this scene, they were all in a state of anxiety!
On the other hand, that Zhu Zhishan had a smile raised on his face, Chen Ping was bound to die today.
Clang clang clang ……
A burst of metal clashing sounds rang out, all those weapons instantly broke, and the silk on Chen Ping’s body also broke apart.
Only to see Chen Ping’s whole body flashing with golden light, the scales on his body fell to the ground like rain and instantly disappeared!
The attack of those people just now had not hurt Chen Ping, but it had broken Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body.
And at this moment, the muscles on Chen Ping’s body were tense and his hardened flesh glowed with light!
“Go to hell ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry, followed by a smashing fist.
A dragon whistle rang out, only to see Chen Ping’s fist swinging out, the power of his fist turning into a golden dragon, instantly engulfing the guy who had just performed the Demon Capture Hand.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping swung out another fist, taking away the life of another person!
Dozens of people surrounded Chen Ping, but surprisingly, Chen Ping killed several people one after another.
Zhu Zhishan’s face turned cold, and after a furious shout, he leapt up and slapped his palm down towards Chen Ping.
It looked like he was going to take action himself today, otherwise even if he killed Chen Ping, the Wudao Alliance would still suffer heavy losses.
Seeing that Zhu Zhishan had made his move, the crowd also retreated, as they only needed Zhu Zhishan alone to completely deal with Chen Ping.
Chen Ping met it with a palm, the terrifying energy scattered in all directions, and Chen Ping’s body took several steps backwards one after another.
Seeing Chen Ping being shaken back by his own palm, Zhu Zhishan’s confidence increased and he immediately recruited a magic weapon and shot towards Chen Ping.
An aura of danger instantly enveloped Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not expect that this Zhu Zhishan had a magic weapon with the power of a Great Martial Marquis in his hand, so it seemed that this Martial Alliance really had a lot of resources!
Boom …………
A terrifying force blasted at Chen Ping, while Chen Ping gritted his teeth and smashed out with a fierce punch.
After a loud sound, a deep crater exploded on the spot!
Chen Ping personally flew backwards and landed heavily on the ground, but got up instantly.
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping incredulously, his eyes filled with disbelief.
Now that Chen Ping no longer had the protection of his Unbreakable Golden Body, could he resist the power of a Grand Martial Marquis with his physical body alone?
The reason why Zhu Zhishan had invoked the magic weapon was to kill Chen Ping with a single blow.
You should know that this kind of magic weapon is very precious, and every time it is used, it will cause irreversible damage, and when the damage reaches a certain point, the magic weapon will be completely ruined.
Chen Ping’s internal organs were also reeling at this moment. Although Chen Ping was not injured on the surface, Chen Ping’s breath was already disordered at this moment.
Chen Ping forced himself to endure it, and did not let others see it, and said with a cold smile, “Even if you take out the magic weapon, what can you do to me?”