“Child, is that you? Is that you?”
Long Ruotong called out in a soft voice.
Although this dungeon was sealed by a formation and it was impossible for the voice inside the dungeon to come out, Chen Ping, who was outside, suddenly froze on the spot as if he had felt how!
He seemed to have heard his mother’s call in general.
“Mother …… Mother …………”
Chen Ping roared twice, followed by a golden light at the center of his eyebrows, his divine sense was all emitted by Chen Ping, since he could not break the stone door, Chen Ping wanted to let his divine sense in to have a look at his mother.
It was a pity that his divine sense could not penetrate the stone door at all, Chen Ping could not see anything except a faint aura.
But this faint breath, he could be sure that it was his own mother’s breath.
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping suddenly roared out like a madman.
Immediately afterwards, the spiritual energy within his body was boiling, and the Dragon Chopper Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was buzzing!
“Mother, mother …………”
The Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand slashed fiercely towards the stone door!
A stream of sword arrows kept emitting from within the Dragon Chopping Sword, the rampaging aura causing Long Xingxu to flee long ago, if he had stayed there, his body would have been torn apart.
Chen Ping didn’t know how many swords he had slashed until he was drenched in sweat and his aura was deficient, then Chen Ping sat down on his butt!
At this moment, the surrounding houses had long since been shaken and collapsed, and Chen Ping sat paralyzed on the ground, looking at the stone door in front of him, breaking down and shouting.
“Mother, mother …………”
Chen Ping’s roar was tinged with resignation.
This was the closest he had ever been to his own mother, his own mother was right in front of him, yet there was nothing he could do about it.
This frustration made Chen Ping very uncomfortable!
If he gave himself time, it would not be impossible for Chen Ping to break this formation by searching for the eyes of the formation bit by bit, but unfortunately right now, Chen Ping did not have time to waste here.
He had to save Xiao Ru, and he also had to save Long Wu. If Long Wu died for this, Chen Ping was afraid that his heart would be troubled for the rest of his life!
“Mother, my son swears that I will get you out ……”
Chen Ping turned towards the stone door and heavily kowtowed three times!
Long Ruotong inside the dungeon also sensed something, and immediately burst into tears, her mouth constantly crying out, “Son, my son, mother believes in you ……”
Chen Ping slowly got up and could only turn his head helplessly, he had to go and save Xiao Ru.
Chen Ping was full of reluctance, but there was nothing he could do, he could only take three steps and look back at the stone door in front of him, and finally turned his head and walked away with a grit of his teeth!
By this time, Long Xingxu had already hidden far away. Chen Ping’s mad outburst of strength was like a mountain torrent that was about to crush everything!
“Where is Xiao Ru being held?”
Chen Ping asked to Long Xingxu.
“Xiao Ru?” Long Xingxu’s face was bewildered, he didn’t simply didn’t know.
Long Xiao had captured Xiao Ru and subsequently locked her up, Long Xing Xu did not know about this at all.
That was why, at the very beginning, he had taken Chen Ping to find Long Ruotong instead of going to find Xiao Ru.
He thought that Chen Ping had broken into the Long family just to save his mother.
Seeing that Long Xingxu really didn’t know, Chen Ping radiated his divine sense, trying to catch the aura on Xiao Ru.
It was a pity that Chen Ping’s divine sense covered the entire Long family, but there was not the slightest trace of Xiao Ru!
“Could it be that Long Xiao did not keep Xiao Ru in the Long Family?”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed in disbelief.
There was no trace of Xiao Ru’s scent in the Long Family at all, so it seemed likely that that Long Xiao had locked Xiao Ru up somewhere else.
Now Chen Ping could only rush back to the Pill God Valley and stop Long Wu before making any plans!
This trip to the Dragon Family had failed to save Xiao Ru, and his own mother had not been saved either, which made Chen Ping feel a little frustrated!
However, he still rushed towards the Pill God Valley as fast as he could, hoping to intercept Long Wu.