“Mr. Chen, I used the best medicine from the Medicine King’s House, the two of them will be able to hold their lives, but they will be confined to wheelchairs from now on ……”
Sun Simiao stepped forward and whispered.
Chen Ping did not say anything, instead his mind flew through the Supreme Dan Record, looking to see if there was a way to heal Lin Tianhu and the others.
“Black Jade Severing Cream?”
Soon, a prescription popped up in Chen Ping’s mind, and after looking at it, Chen Ping found that the herbs he needed were not rare, and he could find them if he put in some effort, but to refine this medicine, Chen Ping’s current strength was not enough, and he needed the help of the Divine Peasant Cauldron to do so!
But right now, the Divine Peasant Cauldron was not with him, so he could only refine it after Chen Ping returned to the Pill God Valley.
“Master Sun, I can cure them, I’ll give you a prescription now, get the herbs you need ready for me as soon as possible!”
Chen Ping said, and had someone bring over a pen and paper and began to write down the needed herbs on the fly!
After writing it down, Sun Simiao took the prescription and did not stop, going straight to prepare it.
Chen Ping looked to Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng and said, “You two lie well, I will cure you, besides you two take revenge, I will definitely take revenge ……”
Chen Ping said, turned around and left, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng desperately gestured with their eyes, trying to stop Chen Ping, but unfortunately the two could not speak, Chen Ping still walked out of the ward!
“Mr. Chen, where are you going?”
Bai Zhantang chased after him.
“Where are those two people?” Chen Ping asked icily.
“At …… in the ancient home!”
Bai Zhantang said.
After hearing this, Chen Ping leapt and jumped straight down from the fourth floor, before his body flashed and he quickly headed towards the ancient home.
Bai Zhantang and Xiaolan also leapt down behind them, and Zhao Wuji followed after a moment of hesitation.
…………
On the outskirts of Hongcheng, Gu Mantian’s mansion!
Ni Sidao and Xiahou Dun were comfortably sipping on Gu Wentian’s treasured black tea!
At the side, Gu Wentian and Bai Xiushan were standing respectfully, two people who were a handful of years old, but at this moment, they had to serve these two masters like subordinates.
At the realm of Martial Sect, in this small place of Hongcheng, that was a master, even if Bai Xiushan was the head of the Bai family in Kyoto, he wouldn’t dare to show any disrespect to the two men!
“Pavilion Master Ni, will this Chen Ping come back or not? We’ve been waiting for ten days ……”
Xiahou Dun asked as he turned to Ni Sidao.
“Don’t worry, I have inquired, this guy is a filial son, now the world is looking for him, he must be hiding, but now for the Mid-Autumn Festival, he will definitely come back to reunite with his family, since he has made it impossible for us to reunite in, then we can’t let him have a good time either …… ”
Ni Xidao said with cold eyes.
Chen Ping had killed his most prized disciple, he was treating Ning Yu like his own son.
“Yes, he killed my son and made it impossible for me to have a mid-autumn reunion, this time I will make his life worse than death!”
Xiahou Dun also gritted his teeth and said.
On the side, Gu Wentian and Bai Xiushan listened to the two men’s conversation, all with a slight tremor in their hearts, they hoped that Chen Ping had already escaped at this moment.
But at that moment, there was a sound of footsteps outside the courtyard, followed by Chen Ping’s figure appearing within the hall.
“Mr. Chen ……”
When Gu Wentian and Bai Xiushan saw Chen Ping, they were all filled with surprise!
When Ni Xidao and Xiahou Dun saw Chen Ping coming, they also hurriedly stood up, looking a little surprised!
They did not expect that this Chen Ping would dare to find his way here directly.
“Chen Ping, you always dare to show your head ……”
Seeing Chen Ping, Xiahou Dun gritted his teeth and said.
Now Chen Ping did not have the Pill God Valley elders behind him, so Xiahou Dun was not afraid of him anymore, not to mention that Ni Xidao was also here, there was no way Chen Ping could run away.
Then Xiao Lan, Bai Zhan Tang followed, followed by Zhao Wuji!