Right at this moment, the surrounding void trembled as several Mahayana Realm experts surrounded them!
Each of these people was at the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm, and their aura was very strong!
Seeing this scene, Xiao Yuanshan’s brows just frowned as he immediately led his men to stop in front of Chen Ping!
Xuan Bin and Zhou Tang had also flashed their weapons!
Although the two of them were definitely no match for the several Ninth Grade cultivators of the Mahayana Realm across the way, they had just followed Chen Ping and had to do something for him!
Whether they could fight or not was not to be said first, their attitudes had to be shown first!
“I am Xuan Bin from South China Peak, I have now followed Mr Chen, if you dare to make a move against Mr Chen, the two of my brothers will fight to the death!”
Xuan Bin shouted at the few cultivators that came forward!
But who knows, the several cultivators did not even look at that Xuan Bin, but walked straight towards Chen Ping.
Just as Xuan Bin and Zhou Tang were about to make a move, those few cultivators suddenly knelt down for Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen is above, please accept us ……”
Several cultivators of the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm just knelt down to Chen Ping in unison!
This shocking scene directly left Xuan Bin and Xiao Yuan Shan and the others dumbfounded!
Chen Ping was also filled with incredulity!
What’s going on today?
Why did so many cultivators of the 9th level of the Mahayana Realm come to be their junior brothers?
“What do you guys mean?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!
One of the bearded men looked up at Chen Ping and said, “Mr Chen, we are also casual cultivators and hope that we can follow Mr Chen around ……”
“I hope that we can follow Mr Chen around!”Several other cultivators followed in unison!
“This ……”
Chen Ping was somewhat at a loss for words!
“Mr Chen, we can also go through fire and water without hesitation.”
“It’s fine to be a dog for you, we’ll bite whoever we’re told to bite ……”
The bearded man said with a sincere face!
Zhou Tang froze, wasn’t this his own word?
How come this guy learnt it so quickly?
“Mr Chen, so many Mahayana Realm 9th Grade cultivators are going to follow you, this is simply congratulatory.”
“Mr Chen, so many Mahayana Realm 9th Grade cultivators are going to follow you, this is simply congratulatory.”
“You can completely walk sideways in the Celestial Realm after taking in these people, even if you run into someone from the Ten Temples, you can still arm wrestle with them!”
Xiao Yuanshan whispered to Chen Ping!
His meaning was obvious, and that was for Chen Ping to accept these people!
These could all be Ninth Grade cultivators of the Mahayana Realm!
Taking out any one of them, they were all higher in strength than him, Xiao Yuanshan!
Chen Ping nodded his head, since there were people at his door, there was no reason not to take them!
These Ninth Grade Mahayana Realm cultivators were also really able to help themselves a lot!
One Mahayana Realm Ninth Grade cultivator might not be anything, but with so many Mahayana Realm Ninth Grade cultivators, even if they encountered a First Ascension Immortalisation Realm cultivator, they would not be afraid at all!
“Alright, I’ll take you all in, and you’ll follow me from now on!”
Chen Ping said with a gentle wave of his palm!
“Many thanks Mr Chen ……”
After the bearded man thanked him, he led the people to get up!
After these few cultivators got up, they looked straight at Chen Ping, making Chen Ping look a little hairy!
“Mr Chen, it seems that you still have charisma, so many experts are following you.”
“Now that we have so many Mahayana Realm 9th Grade experts, we are afraid of the Ten Temples!”
“The Ten Temples come to kill one, come two to kill a pair ……”
Xuan Bin said with an excited face!
Now that so many people were following Chen Ping, this was a considerable force!
Chen Ping smiled faintly, and inwardly, he was also happy!
It seemed that he was still very charismatic!
“The world is all about profit, the world is all about profit …………”
Suddenly, the Red Cloud Demon Lord popped out this sentence!
“Senior, what do you mean by that?”Chen Ping asked in confusion!
“Don’t ask, you’ll know in a moment!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with a lofty expression!
Chen Ping looked at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s pretentious appearance and could not help but skim his mouth!