But Liu Rui took the antidote to the poison pills, the poisonous fog had no effect on her, so this way, Liu Rui did not have too much attention!
Chen Ping closed his eyes and then sucked in the poisonous fog with a jerk!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed.
“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong? What’s different about this poisonous mist?”
Liu Rui saw this and asked urgently.
“The fog at the beginning was naturally formed, but this fog is artificially created.”
“It seems that we have walked into the formation of the Weird Man, no wonder we can’t get out!”
It was only at this moment that Chen Ping realised that they had mistakenly entered the formation!
The reason why Chen Ping didn’t realise it at first was because he was careless, he wouldn’t have thought that someone had set up such a formation!
He would not have thought that anyone would have set up such a formation! Moreover, this formation could not be set up by an ordinary sect, it had to be a master of martial arts.
“Mr. Chen, someone has set up a spell here, could it be Tong Youcai?”
“After all, they came in before us, they should be right in front of us!”
Liu Rui asked.
Chen Ping shook his head again, “This should not be set up by Tong Youcai, he is not capable of doing that, there must be someone else here apart from the Tian Lei Sect, we have to be careful now!”
Chen Ping reminded Liu Rui that it was very dangerous for a group of unknown people to suddenly appear here.
We don’t know if they are friends or foes, and they are still in the dark, they are in the light!
“So what do we do? Can you break this formation?”
Although Liu Rui was a Martial God, she knew nothing about this kind of magic array!
“To me, I can break such a small array with just a wave of my hand!”
Chen Ping said confidently.
If he hadn’t been careless in the beginning, he wouldn’t have been trapped in this magic array!
At the same time, those from the Burning Heaven Sect who had already left suddenly stopped in their tracks!
“Grand Protector, what’s wrong?”
Someone asked the Grand Protector.
“Someone has broken into our formation, Black and White, you two go and check it out.
“If they resist, kill them, no matter what they are, understand?”
The Great Protector said to the two white and black coloured men.
“Don’t worry, we will complete our mission. ……”
The black and white changeless figures instantly disappeared into the fog!
The two of them are in the middle of the day, and the two of them are in the middle of the day.
And with a golden light, a watery ripple appeared in the surrounding space!
But at this moment, Chen Ping frowned and shouted, “Who’s sneaking around, get out of here ……”
With Chen Ping’s angry shout, the sound of his voice carried with the rolling spiritual energy directly out to a great distance!
“I didn’t think there would be anyone in the Hidden World who could break our formation so quickly ……”
With a loud voice, the figures of the Black and White Irregulars appeared!
Both were dressed in strange costumes and both had a large flame design on their chests!
But the two figures were of a very peculiar complexion!
One was as pale as if he had vitiligo.
The other was so dark that the uninitiated would have thought his mother had borrowed the seeds from abroad!
This contrast made the two standing together very funny, but both of them exuded the aura of a Fourth Grade Martial God, and with such strength, no one would dare to laugh at them!
“The Burning Heaven Sect? You are actually from the Burning Heaven Sect?”
Liu Rui’s face clearly showed a hint of shock when she saw these two people appear!