When Chen Ping came down from the altar, Hu Pazzi went up and patted Chen Ping’s shoulder and said, “You kid, you’ve taken advantage of a big deal again ……”
Chen Ping smiled slightly, then glanced around and said, “I have heard the roar of that tiger demon, where is the beast dan?”
Fan Jiang and Ge Yuhan all looked towards Pocky Hu!
And Pocky Hu covered his coat pocket and said, “Chen Ping, I’ve come all the way here with you to ask for a beast elixir, you wouldn’t want to take it away, would you?”
“Of course not, thanks to Master Hu this time, not to mention one beast pellet, even if it was ten, Master Hu wouldn’t even take it away ……”
Chen Ping laughed.
“You kid still has a conscience ……”
When Pocky Hu heard this, he was instantly comfortable in his heart!
“Mr. Chen, you’d better go and see that Princess Anna, she hasn’t eaten or drunk these few days, and her whole body is sullen ……”
At this time, Fan Jiang whispered to Chen Ping.
Only then did Chen Ping see that Anna’s entire person was curled up in a corner, her entire person was much haggard in a few days’ time.
Chen Ping knew that Anna had endured such a blow and must be very sad, so he walked over.
“Princess Anna, people’s hearts are evil, you don’t need to be so sad for someone who betrayed you ……”
Chen Ping said persuasively to Anna.
But Anna shook her head, “I am not sad for Andrew’s betrayal, it is just that without the Medicine King here, my father is afraid that he is hopeless ……”
Anna had been worried about her father’s safety after she knew about the Pill King, that Andrew had deliberately lied to her!
Once Chen Ping heard that Anna was sad over this matter, he said with a confident face, “Princess Anna, when I’m done with the relics, I’ll accompany you back for a trip, I’m confident that I can cure your father, don’t worry.”
“Really?” Anna’s eyes lit up as she looked closely at Chen Ping.
“Of course, how dare I follow the princess of the titled Bear Kingdom in jest ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Anna’s face instantly came to life and a smile came to her face!
“Chen Ping, should we leave, or should we go explore the land of the sword mound?”
Pocky Hu asked as he walked over.
“Master Hu, I’ve been cultivating for the past few days, have you guys found the entrance to that Land of the Sword Mound? You can’t just jump into that abyss, can you?”
Chen Ping knew that Hu Puzi had definitely not been idle these few days.
“Found it yes, but unfortunately we can’t enter ……”
Hu Puzi said with some embarra*sment.
“Why? Is there a spell formation blocking it?”
Chen Ping asked.
“It’s not a magic formation, but a sword formation, as you know, none of the few of us know sword techniques, we can’t break that sword formation at all ……”
Hu Pazi and the others did not know any sword techniques, and even if they did, they were only skin deep, so it was impossible to break the sword formation.
Upon hearing that it was a sword formation, Chen Ping was instantly interested and said, “Take me to see ……”
Hu Pazi nodded and then led Chen Ping to a cave inside the ruins that was only a meter or so high.
The cave was so dark that there was no way of knowing where it led to!
“Through this cave, you will be able to reach that place of the sword mound, but you have to be careful, there is a very strong sword Qi inside, and that sword formation is also full of killing Qi, it is possible that there is no return.”
“If we can’t, we’d better go back, don’t lose your life here!”
Hu Ma Zi advised Chen Ping.
“I’ve come here, I always have to try ……”
Chen Ping said, and without hesitation, he dove in!
Inside this narrow cave, if there was any accident, I was afraid that there would not even be a place to hide!
However, Chen Ping believed in Hu Ma Zi, since Hu Ma Zi had gone in, there would definitely be no danger inside this cave.
After burrowing inside the cave for ten minutes, all was clear in front of Chen Ping!
A large primeval forest appeared in front of Chen Ping, and the temperature here was very high, not like the snow-capped outside!
Moreover, there was a large amount of spiritual qi here, and the ground was constantly draped with a faint mist, just like a fairyland!