“I know ……,” Chen Ping nodded!
“Is it worth it to be outright desperate for a few women?”
Mr. Shi asked.
“It’s worth it ……” Chen Ping still nodded his head.
But who knows, Mr. Shi’s body suddenly burst out with anger, slamming the table and said, “Worth it, my a*s, is your life just for a few women?”
“I tell you, women can only be a burden to your side, immortal cultivators talk about leaving behind their seven emotions and six desires in order to truly attain immortality.”
“Look at you now, seeking death for a few women ……”
Chen Ping was surprisingly calm in front of the furious Mr. Shi.
“If becoming an immortal requires leaving behind the seven emotions and six desires, then I would rather not become an immortal, I don’t want to become an immortal, I am just forced to do so ……”
“I am willing to die to save them, and I know they would be equally willing to die to save me ……”
Chen Ping said word for word!
Listening to Chen Ping’s words, the anger on Mr. Shi slowly disappeared!
“Ai, since ancient times, there is no hatred for many loves …………”
“I know you are here for those three girls, if you want to save them, send them back to the secret realm again ……”
“Only in that secret realm will they be able to recover again, if you insist on not sending them back, they won’t even last a day.”
Mr. Shi sat back down again and said in a flat tone.
“Why, why the hell is that?”
“What is that Wordless Heavenly Book? And what is that Endless Cave? And that secret realm of the Daoist Sect, what exactly is the secret?”
“Why did they turn out to be like this now? Why on earth?”
Chen Ping got a little agitated and asked loudly to Mr. Shi.
“There are some things that you should know, you will definitely know, and what you shouldn’t know, you shouldn’t ask, it won’t do you any good if you know too much!”
Shi said.
Chen Ping stared at Mr. Shi with a deadly gaze, he wanted to see through what Mr. Shi was thinking, only that he couldn’t!
“If you know everything, then why did you still let Xiao Ru and Mei Er give me that wordless heavenly book?”
“You knew that they would become like this when they entered the secret realm, didn’t you?”
“Why did you still let them do that?”
Chen Ping questioned once again.
“If they hadn’t gone through with it, would you be standing here talking to me now?”
“And they would all have been willing to die for you.”
“You have to learn to look past everything, old age, sickness and death, the cycle of heaven, this is destiny, you can’t change it!”
“The women around you will eventually die for you, this is their destiny and yours too!”
“The hardships you will experience in the future will be ten thousand times harder than now, I’m afraid ……”
Mr. Shi’s voice, like a heavy hammer, struck Chen Ping’s heart heavily!
Chen Ping froze on the spot, unable to react for a long time!
“No, I don’t believe in destiny, I don’t believe in fate either, why do I have to go through hardships? Why should it be me?”
“I just want to follow the girl I like and be with her, I just want to see my parents and let them enjoy the joy of heaven!”
“I just want to be an ordinary person, I just want to be an ordinary person …………”
Chen Ping was trembling slightly as he hissed loudly ……
“I told you, it’s fate, this is your fate, there’s nothing you can do to change it ……”
“Maybe the moment you become a master, you can change your destiny!”
“Now since you can’t change your destiny, go with it, otherwise you will suffer even more!”
“Go ahead …………”
Mr. Shi waved his hand gently!
A force instantly sent Chen Ping flying out of the room, followed by the door closing tightly!