When Chen Ping appeared in the secret realm of the Qidao Sect, his entire body froze.
He saw that the entire secret realm of the Daoist Sect had changed greatly, the original cave was gone, and in the middle of the secret realm towered eight stone statues, which were tens of metres high, and within each of them, a strange aura was emanating outwards!
“Chen Ping ……”
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
After seeing Chen Ping, Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru hurriedly ran over!
Several people seemed to have lived well in the secret realm, all of them had gained a lot of weight!
“What’s going on in this secret realm?”
Chen Ping asked, pointing at the statues that were tens of metres tall!
“These statues all popped up some time ago, and we don’t know what’s going on.”
Su Yuqi said!
Chen Ping looked at those statues, they were obviously the same ones that were inside the cave, but they had just gotten bigger!
Chen Ping looked towards a statue, and within this statue, Chen Ping could clearly feel a familiar aura!
“Why is there my aura within this statue?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly as he slowly walked to the foot of that statue.
When Chen Ping touched the statue with his hand, the familiar aura became even more apparent, and within the statue, there seemed to be a terrifying suction force that was sucking Chen Ping towards the statue!
Chen Ping’s whole hand had sunk into the statue, which scared Chen Ping to death!
Just as Chen Ping was about to fight to break the statue, he saw Su Yuqi leap and stand on the head of the statue, gently tapping it, the inexplicable suction instantly disappeared, and Chen Ping’s hand was taken out of the statue!
“What’s going on here?” Chen Ping asked to Su Yuqi with a face full of shock.
“Each statue here corresponds to one of us here, as long as you find the statue that corresponds to you, you can get inside the statue and control it.”
Su Yuqi finished speaking and touched towards a statue.
Su Yuqi’s body, which instantly disappeared, was directly sucked into the statue’s interior!
“Yu Qi …………”
Chen Ping was shocked at the sight of this!
“Brother Chen Ping, don’t be nervous, it’s okay ……”
Xiao Ru hurriedly stopped Chen Ping!
Only to see that the statue Su Yuqi had entered, after flashing through a golden light, had actually come to life!
The tens of metres tall body kept striding, each step like an earthquake!
Immediately afterwards, there was a flash of light and Su Yuqi’s figure appeared, while the statue didn’t move at all!
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi in amazement “How do you know you can manipulate this statue?”
“We also knew about it by chance, we just don’t know what these statues are for.”
Su Yuqi said!
Chen Ping looked at those towering statues, he understood that they must be following the Great Aura Recovery Formation!
But when the Aura Recovery Formation would be activated and how the statues would be used, Chen Ping still didn’t know anything!
“Brother Chen Ping, why did you remember to come and see us?”
Xiao Ru asked to Chen Ping.
“I missed you guys and came over to see you, plus I have something happy to tell you ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and told Su Yuqi after he had rescued his mother!
“You really rescued auntie? That’s really great ……”
Su Yuqi was also very happy after hearing this!
“Brother Chen Ping, now that Auntie has been rescued, you and Sister Yuqi will be able to get married and have children, right?”
“Sister Yuqi has been with you for so long, but you haven’t touched her yet. Sister Yuqi has always fantasised about giving you a big fat kid.”
Xiao Ru said jokingly!
“Xiao Ru, what are you talking nonsense about, who fantasised, no nonsense.”
Su Yuqi glared at Xiao Ru!
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi and said with some guilt in his heart “When I get you guys out, we’ll get married ……”
Su Yuqi heard, full of blush, she waited for this day for a long time, while the side of Wu Mei’er is silent!
Su Yuqi is Chen Ping’s real girlfriend, and what does she count?