Boom!
The beast transformed by that black mist and the golden dragon instantly collided, and a terrifying aura shook the void!
The terrifying aura caused the far away Patriarch Jiang and the others to have their faces sunken!
And that golden dragon only lasted for a few breaths after the moment of collision before it shattered with a loud bang!
Chen Ping’s strength was ultimately unable to defeat that Qi Peijia, after all, the other party’s Transition Realm Eighth Grade Realm was considered to be an expert within the Transition Realm, and Chen Ping was still a little out of his depth!
That black mist beast only stagnated slightly after crashing through the golden dragon, its breath cutting down by just a few points, and then it continued to fiercely charge towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this scene, Patriarch Jiang as well as Ochre Yan and the others all sucked in a breath of cold air and could not help but pinch a cold sweat for Chen Ping!
They did not expect Chen Ping’s Golden Dragon to be so unbeatable in front of Qi Peijia.
Even that Zeng Nian’an was slightly stunned that Chen Ping, a Transition Realm Second Grade cultivator, dared to fight after a Transition Realm Eighth Grade cultivator!
And just now, that golden dragon that Chen Ping had erupted out, although it collapsed in a single blow, but after all, being able to withstand it for a bit, it was also very impressive!
In Zeng Nian An’s eyes, this was not Chen Ping’s strength at the second rank of the Ferrying Realm!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, frowned slightly, and then his figure quickly deflated, and then instantly retreated as a residual shadow, directly leaving the standing position!
Beneath Chen Ping’s feet, two flames burned up, Chen Ping used the Royal Fire Steps, and only then did he manage to dodge Qi Peijia’s strike!
Boom!
The earth was instantly blasted out of a large pit, and smoke and dust rolled out!
The black mist transformed into a beast that missed a strike, while looking at Chen Ping with a tiger’s eye!
Qi Peijia also looked at Chen Ping’s figure indifferently, a cold smile appeared at the corner of his mouth, Chen Ping was not his opponent even if he had elevated to the second rank of the Transition Realm!
The current Qi Peijia looked at Chen Ping like a cat looking at a mouse, although Chen Ping had dodged this strike, the end result was still death, this was not going to become!
With this strike, Qi Peijia just crushed Chen Ping in a crushing manner, leaving him in a very sorry state!
As for Patriarch Jiang, they couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief when they saw that Chen Ping had dodged the strike!
Zeng Nian An, on the other hand, exclaimed in astonishment “Good stance, the second rank of the Transitional Apparitional Realm actually dodged a strike from the eighth rank of the Transitional Apparitional Realm, no wonder the Demon Sealing Alliance took out a hundred year’s worth of offerings to place an order of extermination!”
“The speed of that dodge just now, surprisingly even I didn’t see it ……”
Zeng Nian An couldn’t help but applaud Chen Ping, although Chen Ping’s strike was very wretched, but after all, the difference in strength between him and Qi Peijia was here, being able to dodge was already very good!
Qi Peijia coldly glanced at that Zeng Nian’an, although his heart was not happy with Zeng Nian’an giving Chen Ping a good shout, but he did not dare to make enemies now, he could only kill Chen Ping first!
“Are you just going to hide like this, thinking that you can escape the fate of death? Your outcome will not change!”
Qi Peijia laughed coldly, then closed his palms together, followed by his eyes becoming sinister as he recited words under his breath!
Roar!
The beast let out a roar, followed by a jet of black mist as black as ink from inside that huge mouth!
This stream of poisonous mist, like a sharp sword, headed straight towards Chen Ping!
The speed was so fast that it was like a shooting star!
Wherever that black mist passed, the ground instantly rose with a burst of unpleasant smell!
Chen Ping’s colour was grave, and then he ran the Royal Fire Steps to the extreme, his body was constantly retreating backwards, however, the speed of this black mist was too fast, making it impossible for Chen Ping to avoid it at all!
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly condensed, he didn’t dare to take out the Divine King Bow now, after all, he didn’t know much about the Heavenly Demon Sect, nor did he know about that Zeng Nian An, although the Heavenly Demon Sect looked at the face of Patriarch Jiang, and didn’t have any interest in the 100 years of offerings for the Demon Sealing Alliance, but when he saw the Divine King Bow, Chen Ping didn’t know anything about it!