Ye Cheng’s Ran was continuously impacting the formation, and Sheng Jia Yue and Sheng Jia Hui led a part of the Sheng family, gritting their teeth and holding on!
A talisman was constantly thrown out by the Sheng family!
But even so, they couldn’t withstand the bombardment from the crowd!
Cracks began to appear in the shield around the formation, and it was estimated that it wouldn’t take long for the formation to completely collapse!
“Dad, it won’t last much longer ……”
Sheng Jiayue shouted loudly to Sheng Bushi!
“I have to hold on even if I die ……”
Sheng Boshi couldn’t get away at all and roared at Sheng Jiaoyue!
But more and more people from the Sheng Family died!
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the others were also being entangled by the Ye Family’s Grand Elder and his men!
When the formation was about to collapse and the Sheng Family and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man were about to die, suddenly countless black clouds drifted in the sky and converged here!
Within the black clouds, there were also streaks of lightning constantly passing through!
The entire Ye City was shrouded in darkness!
This sudden change caused everyone to stop and stare blankly at the sky!
“What is this situation?”
Someone asked without understanding!
“Thunder Tribulation Cloud, is someone about to break through?”
Sheng Bushi glanced at the black clouds in mid-air and said with a face full of doubt!
How could someone break through at this time?
People who broke through their realms in the middle of a battle were few and far between.
Moreover, all of them were here, and they didn’t see anyone showing signs of breakthrough!
No one knew what was going on, quietly looking at the thunder tribulation cloud in the sky, the oppressive aura within the thunder tribulation cloud made everyone not dare to act rashly!
“This thunderbolt cloud is so powerful, could it be that the head of the family is going to break through the Transition Realm and honour the Mahayana Realm cultivator?”
The Grand Elder sensed that the aura of this thunderjack cloud was very powerful, it should be a thunderjack cloud induced by a high realm cultivator breaking through!
This thunderjack cloud would vary in power depending on the size of the realm breakthrough!
And there are still many cultivators that don’t have the ability to induce a thunder tribulation at all when they break through yet!
Rumble …………
Accompanied by a loud sound, a thunder tribulation came down and ruthlessly struck that holy pool!
The water in the sacred pool all of a sudden seemed to have been ruthlessly cleaved through a gap!
Seeing that the thunder tribulation had actually split down towards the holy pool, the Grand Elder instantly became excited!
“Hahahaha, it’s the family master who made a breakthrough, it’s the family master who made a breakthrough, it’s no wonder that for such a long time, the family master didn’t come out of the holy pool.”
“Having broken through to the Mahayana realm, I’ll see who in the entire Southern Domain still dares to be an enemy of our Ye family ……”
The Grand Elder laughed out loud in excitement!
The rest of the Ye Family also raised their arms and shouted!
Sheng Bushi and the rest of them, on the other hand, frowned, their faces filled with intense worry!
If it was really that Ye Liancheng who had broken through to the Mahayana Realm, then all of them in the Sheng Family, including the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the others, none of them would want to live!
One must know that the realm after the tribulation is more and more difficult to cross, but every time one crosses a large realm, one’s strength will also increase geometrically!
When they truly ascended into Immortals, these ordinary cultivators would be like ants!
This was why, numerous cultivators spent their entire lives cultivating to become Immortals!
“What do we do?” Luo Shouhai frowned and looked towards the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and Bai Shallow!
Right now, when they joined forces, it was still possible for them to rush out while Ye Liancheng was still making his breakthrough!
But after Ye Liancheng made his breakthrough, it would be almost impossible for them to escape!
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder and Bai Shallow were also frowning, now that Chen Ping had not been found yet, if that Ye Liancheng was also within the Sacred Pool, it was feared that Chen Ping was going to be in danger!
“This thunderbolt cloud is Chen’s, it must be Chen breaking through.”
Ji Yun tilted his head and looked at the thunder tribulation cloud in the sky and slowly said!
“How do you know?” Luo Shouhai froze!
“Intuition, I’ve followed Mr Chen for such a long time, I have a feeling that this thunderbolt cloud was attracted by Mr Chen.”
Ji Yun was considered to be the most familiar of them all, following Chen Ping!
Hearing Ji Yun say that it was intuition, everyone stopped talking, after all, intuition was something that was unconvincing!