“I don’t know how many years it’s been since I’ve had a living person here!”
A woman’s voice rang out, and the scent intensified!
A woman then appeared, visually the woman was one metre seven tall, the slim red dress revealed that natural figure, the exquisite body was graceful, the skin was smooth and warm, snow white and crystal, without a single blemish!
Towering forehead, a pair of beautiful legs long and slender, red lips exuded a mature charm!
The woman’s features were very delicate, her eyes were like silk, her lips were like fire, and every look and movement tugged at the heartstrings!
Even Zhu Qingxiu and Lin Keting were somewhat ashamed of themselves when they saw this woman!
Lei Beast and Ji Yun, after seeing the woman that appeared, were directly dumbfounded, their harangues flowing all over the place!
It was for a split second, it was as if the two people’s divine sense had been controlled by the woman!
Only Chen Ping struggled to stay awake, and although his eyes were dead set on the woman, there was however not a hint of emotion or lust in his eyes!
The woman could not help but look at Chen Ping twice more, a look of shock in her eyes!
“Who are you?”
“Did you kill all those people down there?”
Chen Ping asked to the woman!
“Brother, do I look like I’m capable of killing? I didn’t kill those people.”
The woman said towards Chen Ping with a bit of aggression on her face!
That voice, that expression, it really took a man’s heart!
“She didn’t kill them, how could a female Bodhisattva like this kill someone!”
Ji Yun started to speak on behalf of that woman.
It was important to know that before Chen Ping, Ji Yun had never dared to be like this, but now Ji Yun even took the initiative to speak for the woman!
“Yes, it definitely wasn’t this little beauty who killed her, I’ll testify!”
The Thunder Beast bounced on one leg and said with a stream of harangues!
Chen Ping wasn’t listening to the words of the two fellows, it was obvious that the two had their divine sense controlled the moment the woman appeared!
Zhu Qingxiu and Lin Keting were fine, the two of them were women so they weren’t controlled by the woman’s beauty, but they were both shocked and didn’t say a word!
The appearance of such a beautiful woman had caused an impact and blow to the two people’s hearts!
“If you didn’t kill them, then who would have killed them? What kind of person are you in the end? Why are you in this tower?”
Chen Ping struggled to adjust his breathing as he asked the woman!
After all, facing the woman in front of him, Chen Ping was also in great pain!
He was also a man, and it was hard for him to restrain himself in the face of a near-perfect woman!
However, that last trace of reason in his sea of consciousness was still reminding him!
This woman in front of him was definitely not simple!
“I was trapped here because I was framed by someone, I hope brother can save me out.”
“If brother saves me out, I am willing to give my body to serve brother every day!”
The woman approached towards Chen Ping step by step!
With each step, she carried a pungent fragrance that made Chen Ping’s heart go wild!
Chen Ping was very impulsive at this time, and could not wait to rush up and hold that woman to death, and then ……
But this impulse was still controlled by that trace of reason!
But along with the woman’s constant approach, Chen Ping’s trace of reasoning was getting less and less!
When the woman arrived in front of Chen Ping, Chen Ping’s last trace of reason was finally gone!
It was all drowned out by impulse!
“Kid, don’t be impulsive, wake up ……”
In the sea of consciousness, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch desperately reminded Chen Ping, but it did not help at all!
Chen Ping pounced on the woman and hugged her to death, his body as hot as if it was burning!
His eyes became scarlet, just like a hungry wolf!
Seeing Chen Ping like this, instead of being afraid, the woman laughed!
She then kissed Chen Ping with those red lips!
Ji Yun and Thunder Beast looked on with envy!
When Zhu Qingxiu and Lin Keting saw this scene, their expressions suddenly moved, their brows slightly furrowed, and there were a few moments of jealousy in their eyes.