The Right Protector froze and looked at Chen Ping with some surprise, “Kid, you actually have a mind now?”
“Why not?” Chen Ping questioned.
“sh*t, what’s going on? You didn’t lose your Spirit Devouring Technique, did you?”
Protector Zuo cursed!
“Impossible, it must be because I used too little of my power!” After the Right Protector finished speaking, his palm waved violently, and this time a large cloud of black fog directly wrapped around Chen Ping!
Soon, that ma*s of black mist entered Chen Ping’s body, while Chen Ping’s eyes lost their luster and his whole body became mute.
“Hahahaha, see, it worked this time, this kid has good strength and has aura to protect his mind, so it didn’t work just now!”
Seeing that appearance of Chen Ping, the Right Protector burst into laughter!
And at that moment, inside Chen Ping’s body, that black mist desperately tried to rush to Chen Ping’s head, but unfortunately it was wrapped in Chen Ping’s Dantian in a deadly way, and the Heart Condensation Skill was running fast!
“Does the spirit work? You try it!”
Protector Zuo said.
“Kid, come over here and press my shoulders!”
The Right Protector waved his hand towards Chen Ping and said.
Chen Ping, with his eyes listless, slowly walked towards that Right Protector, then stood behind the sofa and pressed his shoulders for that Right Protector!
“See, my Spirit Devouring Technique is invincible!”
The Right Protector said with a smug look on his face.
“Press it for me later too ……”
The left protector also sat down and leaned his head gently on the sofa!
Chen Ping pressed his hands on that Right Protector’s shoulders, his Heart Condensing Technique running, Chen Ping’s hands were like a huge whirlpool that began to suck the spiritual energy from the Right Protector’s body!
But soon he felt that something was wrong, the spiritual energy inside his body seemed to be rushing outwards uncontrollably, at first it was slowly flowing like a stream, but soon it was like a rushing river, the spiritual energy began to drain away rapidly!
He tried to get up, but he couldn’t move his body at all. When he looked up, he saw that Chen Ping was looking at him with a playful expression, his eyes were clear, he didn’t look like he was being controlled!
The Right Protector opened his mouth to scream, but no sound could come out, while the Left Protector on the other side had his eyes slightly closed, ready to enjoy a good ma*sage!
Soon, the spiritual energy of the Right Protector was sucked out of his body by Chen Ping, turning him into a dried corpse, his eyes wide open to his death, his eyes full of disbelief!
Looking at the left Protector who had his eyes slightly closed and was thinking of getting a good ma*sage, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted and he put a hand directly on the left Protector’s shoulder!
The left protector’s body shook slightly and his eyes snapped open because he had not heard the right protector’s instructions, so how did Chen Ping come to give himself a ma*sage?
As soon as the Left Protector’s eyes opened, he saw the dry body next to his own, and his whole head exploded as he jumped up from the sofa at once!
In the blink of an eye, his partner had become a dry corpse and had not uttered a single cry for help until his death!
Protector Zuo’s scalp tingled and his eyes were filled with horror as he looked at Chen Ping before turning around and running out the door!
Chen Ping’s figure flashed and directly blocked Protector Zuo’s path, “Since you’re here, don’t leave, I happen to use your resources tonight to cultivate properly!”
Protector Zuo frowned, the black robe on his body waved violently, the black robe actually covered the light, while Protector Zuo’s figure instantly disappeared in the darkness!
“Is this all your Xuan Yue Valley can do to deceive people with these illusionary techniques?”
With a disdainful face, Chen Ping grabbed towards the darkness, and after a miserable scream , Protector Zuo appeared, while the black robe became shattered straight away!
The left protector’s face was terrified, his mouth was round and open, trying to speak, but he could no longer say a word!