“We don’t just know each other, we are old acquaintances.”
“To me, that Chen Ping is much more important than a hundred years of offerings.”
“Then where are Chen Ping and the others now?”
Ning Zhi asked!
The green-clothed cultivator pointed to the island in the distance and said, “Right near that island ……”
Just as the green-clothed cultivator finished speaking, Ning Zhi’s entire body instantly transformed into a stream of light and headed towards the island!
Seeing this, the others chased after him closely!
But when Ning Zhi arrived at that small island, he did not find any traces of Chen Ping, so he pinched his hands together, and countless spiritual lights around him converged madly towards his position!
Only to see that Ning Zhi hands on the blood qi surrounded, constantly rotating, and finally that blood qi followed the surrounding aura constantly fusion, and finally became a huge human face!
This human face was extremely strange, the mouth took up half of the position, but there was only one eye on the forehead, which looked very scary!
The eye on the forehead of the human face blinked continuously, followed by a ray of light projected into the void!
In that light, the figures of Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu unexpectedly slowly appeared!
Upon seeing Chen Ping’s figure, a look of excitement appeared in Ning Zhi’s eyes!
“Chen Ping, finally let me run into you ……”
A sinister smile appeared on Ning Zhi’s face!
As for Chen Ping, who was running away with Zhu Qingxiu, the body he felt suddenly tightened, as if something was gazing at him!
Even his movements seemed to be affected, slowing down!
“What’s going on? Why do I feel like someone is spying on us!”
Chen Ping frowned and said!
“I have this feeling too, I’m always uncomfortable!”
Zhu Qingxiu said!
“This is the Ghost Face Scouting the Heavens, this is someone spying on your bearings, and it is expected that they will find you soon!”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke!
Just as the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s words had just fallen, in the void above Chen Ping’s and their heads, a huge monstrous face suddenly appeared, which was as tall as a man, with one eye blinking continuously on its forehead!
“Chen Ping, I have finally found you, the grudge between the two of us should be settled!”
At this moment, the large mouth on that ghost’s face opened and closed, unexpectedly emitting Ning Zhi’s voice!
“Ning Zhi?”
Chen Ping was stunned, how could he not expect that fellow Ning Zhi to have come to the Eastern Domain, and by the looks of it, he had recovered!
“What is this?”
Zhu Qingxiu was in a state of panic, cold sweat broke out on her forehead, she didn’t know what this ghostly face that suddenly appeared was!
And from behind her, it could be clearly felt that a dozen auras were approaching at a rapid pace!
“Never mind, we have to speed up before we can do anything else, otherwise we’ll be in trouble!”
Chen Ping did not know, what realm this fellow Ning Zhi had reached, but it certainly would not be too low!
This fellow’s natural talent was also very good, and he was still an undefeatable little powerhouse!
However, Chen Ping and the two of them, under the surveillance of that strange face, they simply had nothing to hide, and they couldn’t get up to speed, the strange face seemed to have a gravitational force that was pulling Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu in a deadly manner!
“I have a shifting bead here that can instantly take us away from this area, only where we are taken to is random, I have no way to control it!”
At this moment, Zhu Qingxiu took out a treasure bead that had a faint blue mist inside!
“Good, as long as we leave this surveillance area, we will have a way to escape, use it quickly!”
Chen Ping said!
Zhu Qingxiu held the shifting bead, her face was full of entanglement, after all, this shifting bead was worth a lot of money, and she only had one!
If she used it, it would be completely gone!
However, thinking that if they didn’t use it, they would probably all be caught and would probably die here, Zhu Qingxiu clenched her teeth and crushed the Shifting Bead!