There was no need for Qin Feng to say, Wild Wolf wouldn’t hold back his hand, only to see Wild Wolf burst out, his huge fist was wrapped in a faint mist, this was the outward leakage of powerful qi, it seemed that this Wild Wolf had really used all his strength!
“Go to hell …………”
The wild wolf’s fist brought a sound of breaking air as it viciously smashed into Chen Ping!
Boom …………
After a loud sound, dust flew in the sky, Chen Ping’s body swayed slightly and he couldn’t help but take a step backwards!
And that wild wolf only felt a huge recoil hit him, followed by his whole arm going numb, and his whole body also took a dozen steps backwards before he could stabilise himself!
“How is that possible? This can’t be …………”
The wild wolf was full of shock, unable to believe what was happening in front of him, and that Qin Feng was also dumbfounded, he didn’t believe that the wild wolf didn’t use his full strength this time either!
Chen Ping felt the vague bouts of pain in his abdomen and shook his head slightly, not seeming very satisfied with his body!
“Now it’s my turn to throw a punch!”
Chen Ping looked towards the wild wolf and slowly spoke!
The wild wolf’s eyes were shocked, and his body slowly took two steps backwards, having already felt like retreating, he had used almost all of his strength in that punch just now, but it hadn’t done any damage to Chen Ping, which made the wild wolf immediately beat a retreat!
Qin Feng also saw what Wild Wolf was trying to do and immediately said, “Uncle Wolf, you can’t leave me behind!”
Qin Feng was now injured, he couldn’t run away, and if Wild Wolf didn’t dare him, then he would be dead!
Wild Wolf glared fiercely at Qin Feng, he originally wanted to run away secretly, but now he was directly punctured by this Qin Feng’s words!
“Qin Feng, don’t blame Uncle Wolf, this kid is too strong, if he dares to kill you, I will definitely bring the Qin family back to take revenge!”
Wild Wolf said to Qin Feng.
“No, Uncle Wolf don’t leave me behind …………”
Qin Feng hurriedly ran towards Wild Wolf!
Wild Wolf didn’t care, he turned around and leapt up, fleeing towards the distance!
“Hmph, did I let you run away?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted and his entire body instantly disappeared, only to see a human figure chasing after him!
“Ah …………”
Not long after, a miserable scream came out, followed by a black shadow falling from the sky, before smashing heavily into the ground!
Qin Feng looked and found that the one who smashed into the ground was none other than the wild wolf, who was now bleeding from seven orifices and was already dead!
Qin Feng was so scared that he directly P*ssed his trousers, the blood mixed with urine made Qin Feng’s wound even more painful, but he didn’t dare to have the slightest shout!
“Mr. Chen …… Chen!” Qin Feng knelt down in front of Chen Ping, begging for mercy in a cold sweat, “Please let me go, please, I’m willing to work for you as a cow and a horse ……”
How could Qin Feng not have expected that Chen Ping, a young man in his early twenties, would have such profound strength!
“Work for me as a cow and a horse?” Chen Ping looked at Qin Feng with an austere face, “Are you even worthy of that?”
Qin Feng looked embarra*sed, but quickly turned his gaze towards Gu Ling’er, “Ling’er, save me, please save me, for the sake of our former love for each other!”
“Shut up ……”
Gu Ling’er angrily stepped forward, and then fiercely slapped that Qin Feng’s face!
“Ling’er, I’m wrong, I’m really wrong, please save me, I’m not human, I’m not human …………”
Qin Feng was desperately slapping himself!
Gu Ling’er looked at Qin Feng with a gaze full of anger, and her body was trembling slightly!
“How about you do it yourself?” Chen Ping said as he looked towards Gu Ling’er.
“Fine!”
Gu Ling’er slapped her palm right towards Qin Feng’s head!
“Ling’er, don’t ……”
Qin Feng still wanted to say something, but it was already too late, Gu Ling’er slapped his head, directly bursting Qin Feng’s head, how can I say that Gu Ling’er is also a martial artist, this power is still there!
The blood splattered all over Gu Ling’er, looking at Gu Ling’er’s god-like appearance, Chen Ping couldn’t help but tremble, he didn’t expect a woman to be ruthless, it was still very scary!
“Am I scary?” Gu Ling’er asked somewhat strangely as she looked at the way Chen Ping looked at herself.