Click …… click ……
The stones on Tibetan Qing’s body began to crumble and eventually turned into a cloud of powder.
And with an ugly face, Zang Qing fell to the ground, his body seemingly suffering from heavy injuries!
Standing up with difficulty, Zang Qing looked at Chen Ping with some panic in his eyes.
“What else are you capable of?”
Chen Ping looked at Zang Qing, his eyes indifferent as he asked.
“I …………”
Zang Qing opened his mouth, but found himself facing Chen Ping, there was really nothing he could do!
He did not understand, Chen Ping’s strength was clearly not even at the peak of Martial Sect, yet his power was so terrifying.
And his body just wanted to have a constant flow of power channeled into it.
“Since you have no other skills, I will send you on your way ……”
Chen Ping slammed his palm towards Zang Qing.
“Stop!” At this moment, Xing Jun stepped forward to stop Chen Ping.
“You can’t kill him, I want to take him back and return to Mr. Shi for orders ……”
Xing Jun had to go back and repeat his orders, if Chen Ping killed Zang Qing now, how was he going to explain to Mr. Shi.
“I must kill him today, whoever stops me will die ……”
Chen Ping looked at Xing Jun with a determined look in his eyes, without a hint of negotiation.
“You ……”
Xing Jun’s face was red with anger, but there was nothing he could do.
If he really followed Chen Ping and made a move, now even he himself did not know if he was Chen Ping’s opponent.
“Chen Ping, if you bypa*s my life, my Heaven’s Destruction Sect is willing to follow you!”
Zang Qing started to beg for mercy towards Chen Ping.
“Honour me? I don’t look up to you evil cultivators, you evil cultivators who harm people, D*mn you ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes burst out with killing intent as he remembered the fate of dozens of members of the Jin family.
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he grabbed a claw towards Zang Qing, who fought to block it, but unfortunately, Chen Ping’s claw changed direction and viciously stabbed into Zang Qing’s chest!
Chen Ping’s hand penetrated directly into his chest, and a huge force shattered Tibetan Qing’s dantian!
But Zang Qing, whose dantian was shattered, suddenly reached out and held Chen Ping down with a deadly grip, followed by a huge suction force that began to absorb the spiritual energy from Chen Ping’s body!
“Hahahaha, did you think that by shattering my dantian, I would become a ruined man?”
Zang Qing suddenly burst into laughter, having long since lost his earlier panic.
Chen Ping frowned, somewhat incredulous, this Zang Qing’s dantian had been shattered, how could he still be able to absorb his own spiritual energy?
Even if it was absorbed into his body, the spiritual energy would be useless without a dantian to store it!
Soon, Chen Ping found that after his spiritual energy had entered Tibetan Qing’s body, there was a piece of light in the upper part of Tibetan Qing’s abdomen.
This light penetrated Tibetan Qing’s skin and was very dazzling!
“So you still have a golden elixir inside you?”
Chen Ping instantly understood that this Zang Qing had stored all the absorbed spiritual energy in the Golden Elixir.
“Golden elixir? What is the Golden Elixir?”
He was not an immortal cultivator, so how could he have a golden elixir?
Looking at Zang Qing’s appearance, Chen Ping knew that it was impossible for this Zang Qing’s body to be a golden elixir, because only a cultivator of immortality could practice a golden elixir.
Since it was not a golden elixir, it must be a kind of treasure pearl, beast elixir or something like that.
Something like the dragon crystal inside Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping’s palm fiercely reached upwards and directly grabbed the bead inside Zang Qing’s body.
Tibetan Qing’s face instantly became unsightly, his eyes filled with fear!
“You …… how can you still move?”
Tibetan Qing said in shock.
Chen Ping did not pay attention to him, but directly ripped the bead out of Zang Qing’s body.
And with the Heart Condensation Skill running, the spiritual energy that had originally entered Zang Qing’s body was rushing back to Chen Ping’s body at a rapid rate, even Zang Qing’s own powerful energy was also being lost rapidly.
“This …… this …………”
Tibetan Qing’s eyes widened, don’t incredibly look at Chen Ping, the breath in his body was rapidly disappearing.