“How dare you ……”
On the side, Lin Tianhu rushed out with one healthy step, ready to make a move against that Daoist Wu Wei!
Chen Ping was the Heavenly Dragon Hall Master, and as a subordinate, how could Lin Tianhu watch others casually make a move against Chen Ping?
Chen Ping pulled Lin Tianhu back, “You are no match for him!”
This Daoist Wu Wei’s duster, with a casual wave of his duster, was a whistling wind, and Chen Ping knew that Lin Tian Hu was no match for this old Daoist.
“Brother, don’t get angry yet, there are still many people waiting to see you outside, if you hit someone and word gets out, won’t your reputation be all ruined!”
Daoist Master Bu Xu grabbed the duster and spoke to Daoist Wu Wei persuasively!
Hearing Daoist Bu Xu say so, that Daoist Wu Wei only retrieved his whisk and coldly snorted, “Get rid of them quickly, save me the annoyance of looking at them!”
“Ancient, you should go out, about the spirit brush and vermilion, I will send someone to deliver it when my daughter is done with her medical treatment!”
Daoist Master Bu Xu said somewhat awkwardly to Gu Wentian.
Gu Wentian looked at Chen Ping and inquired, “Mr. Chen, why don’t we just go?”
Since Daoist Master Bu Xu had promised to give the spirit pen and vermilion sand, there was no point in them staying!
Chen Ping, however, shook his head, “Since I’m here, I can’t watch a fresh life disappear from in front of me!”
Chen Ping intended to save the life of Daoist Master Bu Xu’s daughter!
This was also considered the creation of Daoist Master Bu Xu, after all, Daoist Master Bu Xu was able to say that he would give away the spirit pen and vermilion, proving that the man was not bad!
“Kid, you’re not finished are you?”
Daoist Wu Wei frowned and looked at Chen Ping viciously!
Daoist Master Bu Xu was in a dilemma at this point, not knowing what to do anymore!
“Don’t rely on your old age either, you will know the truth of what I say once you try it!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“How can I try?” Daoist Master Wu Wei was stunned!
“You just need to use your Jade Ruyi to absorb the cold Yin Qi a few times, if it breaks, then it proves that I am right, if it doesn’t break, I will get out of here immediately!”
Chen Ping pointed at the jade Ruyi and said.
“Good, I will make you convinced!”
Daoist Wu Wei said, picking up the jade Ruyi and reciting the words under his breath as he gently touched it on Daoist Master Bu Xu’s daughter’s forehead!
With each touch, a stream of cold Yin Qi could be seen being sucked into the Jade Ruyi!
A flash of disdain and contempt pa*sed through Daoist Wu Wei’s eyes as he looked coldly at Chen Ping: “Kid, it’s time to get lost now, right? My Jade Ruyi is simply fine!”
As Daoist Wu Wei was speaking, when the Jade Ruyi touched Daoist Master Bu Xu’s daughter’s forehead again, a clear, crisp sound suddenly sounded, as if something had broken!
At this, so everyone’s eyes widened and they held their breath!
Daoist Wu Wei’s heart trembled and he hurriedly took the Jade Ruyi and looked at it carefully.
“My Jade Ruyi …………”
The Daoist Wu Wei gently caressed the Jade Ruyi like a child, but just as he touched it, it shattered into several pieces and fell to the ground with a crash.
“It’s broken, it’s really broken …………”
Su Yuqi excitedly grabbed Chen Ping’s arm and jumped up!
The fact that the Jade Ruyi had shattered proved that Chen Ping was right, and was considered a fierce blow to that Daoist Wu Wei’s face.
Daoist Wu Wei glared fiercely at Su Yuqi, his beloved treasure was broken, he was sad and upset, but Su Yuqi was still shouting with joy, how could Daoist Wu Wei not be angry!
Seeing the look in Daoist Wu Wei’s eyes, Su Yuqi shut her mouth, but her face still couldn’t hide her excitement!
“Now you should believe it, right? Your Jade Ruyi, couldn’t withstand this Yin Cold Qi, if it wasn’t for Daoist Master Wu Wei’s daughter being a body of ice crystals, her terror wouldn’t have survived at all.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.