“In the future, meetings of the Martial Alliance must only be held with the nod of our Dragon Family ……”
Long Xiao said with a cold face.
“On what basis?”
Zhu Zhishan asked.
“On the strength of this Great Martial Marquis of mine ……”
When Long Xiao finished speaking, an appalling aura instantly erupted from his body, Zhu Zhishan felt a tightness in his chest, followed by a mouthful of fresh blood spitting out!
“Great …… Grand Martial Marquis? You have actually broken through to a Grand Martial Marquis ……”
Zhu Zhishan sucked in a cold breath backwards, his eyes filled with shock!
He did not expect Long Xiao to be able to step into the realm of Grand Martial Marquis in such a short period of time.
However, in front of the Grand Martial Marquis, Zhu Zhishan did not have the slightest ability to resist.
“Tell me, what do you want?”
Zhu Zhishan asked warily.
“I don’t want anything, I just want our Dragon Family to participate in tomorrow’s Alliance meeting, the other thing is, I want our Dragon Family to have the say in matters within the Martial Alliance in the future ……”
Long Xiao said with a cold smile.
“Impossible ……”
Zhu Zhishan immediately refused, “Long Xiao, do you think that just because you have become a Grand Martial Marquis, you can be invincible? The strength of the Martial Alliance is not like what you see in your eyes.”
“You still want to manipulate the entire Martial Dao Alliance, you are simply delusional ……”
“Is that so? Whether it’s delusional or not, just try it and you’ll know ……”
Saying that, Long Xiao fiercely shot out his hand and directly grabbed Zhu Zhishan’s neck, “You have no other choice now, only obediently listen to my words to save your life ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s breathing became difficult as he was grabbed by the neck.
“Long Xiao, do you …… you want to rebel? I am the alliance leader of the Martial Alliance ……”
“If you kill me, the Martial Dao Alliance will not spare you, and your Long family will never stay in Kyoto ……”
Zhu Zhishan threatened at Long Xiao.
“You still dare to threaten me?”
Long Xiao’s eyes stared and a bitter killing intent came over his body, causing Zhu Zhishan’s body to tremble continuously.
“You …… you really dare to kill me ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes were wide open as the feeling of suffocation continued to spread throughout his body!
“What do you think ……”
The force in Long Xiao’s hand began to increase!
Zhu Zhishan could hear the sound of his throat bones clicking.
“Stop …… stop, I …… I’ll do as you say ……”
Zhu Zhishan was afraid and could only say in a compromising manner.
Seeing this, Long Xiao let go of his hand and Zhu Zhishan gasped desperately for air!
“Remember what you promised me today, if you dare to play tricks tomorrow, I will have your life ……”
Long Xiao said, turned around and left, his figure instantly disappeared into the dark night!
Zhu Zhishan looked at Long Xiao’s back, his face was hard to see!
…………
At this moment, Chen Ping was still cultivating on Penglai Island, having swallowed Tiger Li Daxian’s beast pellet, allowing Chen Ping’s strength to directly rush to the peak of Martial Marquis.
But impacting the Great Martial Marquis had failed time and time again!
“It seems that to impact such a great realm, one needs an opportunity to do so ……”
Chen Ping sighed helplessly!
Since he couldn’t break through, Chen Ping decided to leave Penglai Island and go in search of his own opportunity!
“Big brother Chen, you haven’t broken through the Great Martial Marquis yet?”
Zhao Barging asked with some surprise.
He had to know that the Tiger Power Daxian Beast Pill that Chen Ping had swallowed was a true Great Martial Marquis strength Beast Pill, but he hadn’t broken through!
At this moment, Zhao Barging had also discovered that the resources and difficulties required for Chen Ping to cultivate were more than several times higher than others!
“It seems that to break through the Great Martial Marquis, one still needs an opportunity to do so, I’ve decided to leave this place, maybe I’ll be able to come across an opportunity to break through!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Chen Ping knew that every time he broke through a great realm, it was accompanied by a test of life and death!
This time, it might not be an exception!
“Alright, I’ll pack my things right away!”
Zhao Barging had missed Xiao Ru for a long time too, and he couldn’t wait to fly back and see her right away!
After being gone for several months, Zhao Chuang didn’t know how Xiao Ru was doing.
Zhao Barging went to pack his things, while Chen Ping found Hu Ma Zi.