“Asshole, quickly release my sister ……”
Ji Meiyan rushed to the front with a face full of anger, seeing Ji Meiling being grabbed by that youth, she roared loudly!
The youth saw Ji Meiyan, and then had a look at Ji Meiling, and immediately had a brilliant light in his eyes!
“So it’s twins, it’s really great, looks like I just arrived in this Yellow Blue City, I can enjoy a double flight, and it’s still twin sisters.”
“Just thinking about it is exciting, I’m going to enjoy myself in a while.”
The youth’s mouth was uncontrollable, and he gave the two sisters, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling, a humiliating beating!
Ji Meiyan’s face was red with shame, but she didn’t dare to act rashly since Ji Meiling was in that youth’s hands!
“Let go of the person ……” Chen Ping at this time also walked forward and looked at the youth in front of him and said in a stern voice!
The youth looked at Chen Ping, immediately frowned and said “So it’s you?”
This youth was not someone else, it was the Great Duke of the Giant Barbarian Palace, Qin Jingyun, who had almost clashed with Chen Ping at the time of the Giant Barbarian Palace’s teleportation array!
Qin Jingyun and the others had also been invited by Jilian Ying, which was why they had rushed to Yellow Blue City!
Unexpectedly, just after arriving at Yellow Blue City, Qin Jingyun found the beautiful Ji Meiling!
The very lustful Qin Jingyun of course wouldn’t let go of this great opportunity, and intentionally collided after Ji Meiling for a moment before grabbing her!
“Mr Chen, you know this person?” Ji Meiling asked as she looked towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded “This is the male son of the Giant Barbarian Palace, his name is Qin Jingyun, when he first came to Yellow Blue City, he almost clashed with this guy when he took the teleportation array!”
“Someone from the Northern Region’s Giant Barbarian Palace?” Ji Meiyan frowned, then said in doubt “What are these people from them doing in our Yellow Blue City?”
Chen Ping shook his head “I don’t know either!”
Chen Ping also did not know that these people from the Giant Savage Palace were invited by Ji Lianying!
“Kid, mind your own f*cking business and get off to the side, I won’t bother you with the previous matters.”
“If you dare to mind your own business, I’ll let you have it.”
Qin Jingyun threatened at Chen Ping!
“I can see that it’s you who doesn’t come teasing away, right? Do you know who the person you arrested is? That’s the Missy of the Ji family, do you think you’ll be able to walk out of here if you touch the Missy of the Ji family?”
Chen Ping had moved the Ji family, after all, the Ji family had absolute authority in Yellow Blue City!
When Qin Jingyun heard that he was holding the Ji Family’s First Miss, he was also slightly stunned.
Immediately after, a Giant Savage Palace disciple came over and whispered “My lord, I’ve asked, this is indeed the Ji family’s eldest miss.”
Seeing this, Qin Jingyun could only release Ji Meiling!
Only when he let go of Ji Meiling, Qin Jingyun slapped Ji Meiling’s buttocks!
This colourful and daring guy, even if he knew that Ji Meiling was the eldest Miss of the Ji family, he still had to take advantage of her!
Ji Meiling’s face was full of blush, instantly pulling out a long sword from her waist, she said “You rascal, I’ll kill you ……”
“Little sister ……” Seeing this, Ji Meiyan hurriedly stopped Ji Meiling!
Right now they were not even a match for these people from Qin Jingyun, if they made a move now, they would definitely suffer!
As long as these people didn’t leave Yellow Blue City, when they went back and told Ji Lian Jun, Ji Lian Jun would definitely seek justice for his daughter!
“Sister, don’t stop me, I’m going to kill this stinking rascal ……”
Ji Meiling roared with rage in her eyes!
In public, as the eldest miss of the Ji family, being touched on the bum, how could Ji Meiling not be angry!
“Little sister, you’re no match for him, wait for us to go back and tell father, let father make a decision for you.”
Ji Meiyan pulled Ji Meiling and said!
“Miss Ji, these Giant Savage Palace guys are not very strong, you’d better calm down!”
Chen Ping also said to Ji Meiling!