“Unbridled!”
Gu Wentian slapped the table fiercely, his entire person was furious!
Everyone present was frightened by Gu Mantian’s anger, and when Tang Long, who was beside Gu Mantian, saw Gu Mantian’s anger, his entire person leapt up and landed steadily in front of Lin Tianhu!
“Feng Sihai, not even giving face to ancient times, you’re looking for death!”
Tang Long’s body erupted with a thick battle intent, the bones in his body crackling!
Feng Sihai stopped his attack and looked at Tang Long with a frown, “Tang Long, if we fight to the death today, you may not be able to win against me, not to mention that I still have dozens of my men around!”
“Hmph, we won’t know if we can win until we try!”
Tang Long snorted coldly and took up his stance straight away!
“Ancient, I don’t want to be your enemy, but you have pushed me repeatedly, my Red Dragon Gang is not easy to mess with either, it’s a big deal to fight to the death, no one here will be able to walk out alive then!”
Feng Sihai’s eyes flashed with a cold aura, looking like he was ready to fight for his life!
Gu Wentian’s face was red and his body was trembling slightly with anger at Feng Sihai, no one in Hongcheng had ever disrespected him, but today Feng Sihai had made him lose face!
However, looking at the dozens of murderous men behind Feng Sihai, Gu Mantian was in a bit of a dilemma, Feng Sihai had come prepared, so if things really got ugly, things wouldn’t be too good!
“Ancient, let Feng Sihai and I finish the job today, you all should leave it alone!”
Lin Tianhu could see that Gu Mantian was in a difficult position, and after he finished speaking, he took the initiative to attack towards Feng Sihai!
Lin Tianhu smashed out his fist with a whistling sound, his speed was extremely fast and his power exploded to the extreme!
He knew that when he fought with Feng Sihai, he could not hold back even the slightest bit.
When Feng Sihai saw that Lin Tianhu had taken the initiative to strike, a cold smile appeared on his face as he faced Lin Tianhu’s punch without dodging!
Boom …………
Lin Tianhu’s fist hit Feng Sihai’s chest with a fierce blow, causing Lin Tianhu to stomp back three steps, while Feng Sihai didn’t even move and didn’t even suffer any injury!
Lin Tianhu’s face turned pale and his eyes looked at Feng Sihai in horror, the strength of Feng Sihai had increased a lot!
“Hahahaha, Lin Tianhu, this punch of yours is just like scratching an itch, don’t stop, keep punching?”
Feng Sihai threw back his head and laughed, not putting Lin Tianhu in his eyes in the slightest!
Lin Tianhu was also considered a lord, how could he stand Feng Sihai’s public humiliation and provocation?
After shouting angrily, he went towards Feng Sihai again, only this time Lin Tianhu grabbed a solid wooden stool by the hand!
With a crash …………
The stool ruthlessly smashed into Feng Sihai’s body, instantly becoming shattered, while Feng Sihai was still standing gently, not moving a muscle!
“Lin Tianhu, my hard qi kung fu has been greatly accomplished, you can’t hurt me, now it’s my turn!”
Feng Sihai finished his sentence and kicked towards Lin Tianhu!
Lin Tianhu was unable to dodge and was directly kicked out by Feng Sihai, a mouthful of blood gushed out and he fell to the ground, the intense pain made Lin Tianhu’s face hideous!
Looking at Lin Tianhu’s appearance, Chen Ping frowned and was about to get up, but was stopped by Su Yuqi: “Don’t try to be a hero, this guy looks like he can fight, you may not be a match!”
Su Yuqi was afraid that Chen Ping wouldn’t be able to beat Feng Sihai, after getting injured!
She still didn’t know the relationship between Chen Ping and Lin Tianhu, no matter how good Feng Sihai was, Chen Ping wouldn’t just sit back and watch!
Before Chen Ping could make a move, Gu Wentian spoke first, “Tang Long, teach him a lesson!”
Tang Long nodded, clenched his fist, and charged directly at Feng Sihai!
Facing Tang Long’s attack, that Feng Sihai wasn’t as relaxed and didn’t dare to stand and let others hit on him anymore!
One had to know that Tang Long’s punch, whether it was force or speed, that was stronger than Lin Tianhu’s and had reached the ultimate!