“Old cla*s leader, I’m not going to lie to you, my company is in a bit of trouble right now, if we don’t get through, I’m afraid we’ll all go bankrupt, recruiting Chen Ping in is also delaying him.”
Sun Fuhai said with a sigh!
When Chen Baoguo heard this, he was embarra*sed and said, “Fuhai, I’ve really caused you trouble, don’t worry about Chen Ping’s work, what has happened to your company?”
“What’s the matter, can you solve it?” Li Fengxia sneered.
“I ……” Chen Baoguo’s face turned red with embarra*sment!
“You shut up!” Sun Fuhai glared fiercely at Li Fengxia, and then said with a slight apology, “Old cla*s leader, ignore these women, my company has some business dealings with Fuyao Decoration, and as a result, the payment was withheld by them, and now the capital chain is broken, so I’m afraid I won’t be able to survive much longer!”
“But about Chen Ping’s job, I’ll ask Xiaomeng to go to their company and ask them about it, their company is a group of companies and the benefits are good, so Chen Ping can go in first and start from the bottom!”
“Dad, I’m just a salesman, I don’t have any skills, don’t give me any more trouble ……”
As soon as Sun Fuhai’s words fell, Sun Xiaomeng immediately said unhappily!
“You are not capable, isn’t that Cui Zhiyuan is a sales manager? He a manager still can’t recruit an employee?”
Sun Fuhai questioned.
“He ……”
“Alright, it’s settled, if that Cui Zhiyuan doesn’t even have this ability, I don’t think you two are suitable ……”
Without waiting for Sun Xiaomeng to be speaking, Sun Fuhai directly threatened Sun Xiaomeng!
As soon as Sun Xiaomeng heard this, she stopped talking and could only be angry and beep!
“Old Sun, Xiaomeng has made a lot of effort to enter that company, aren’t you just adding trouble to the child? Besides, they are a big group of companies, can reformed prisoners enter?” Li Fengxia swept Chen Ping a glance, and then said to Sun Fuhai in a very dissatisfied manner.
Chen Ping was very uncomfortable when he heard Li Fengxia talk about reformers, but Sun Fuhai was a good person, so Chen Ping couldn’t be angry!
“Dad, but I put the ugly words in front of me, I am only responsible for bringing in, whether or not I can get an interview, that depends on my own ability ……”
Sun Xiaomeng rolled her eyes and got up to leave and went back to her bedroom!
“Old cla*s leader, this girl has this kind of nature, don’t take offense ……”
Sun Fuhai explained to Chen Baoguo with some embarra*sment!
Chen Baoguo laughed bitterly, he had reached such a point, what else could he be blamed for?
“Fuhai, I’ll trouble you, I still have some things to do, so I won’t bother you ……”
Chen Baoguo knew that there was no point in staying on, he couldn’t mess with people’s families to create conflicts!
“Old cla*s leader, I’ve booked a hotel, let’s have a meal together ……”
Sun Fuhai hurriedly said!
“No, there is time!” Chen Baoguo waved his hand!
Chen Ping also helped Tang Hongying to stand up!
Sun Fuhai also knew that his wife and daughter’s attitude was indeed uncomfortable, but he had no choice but to smile apologetically, “When there’s time, I’ll follow the old cla*s leader for a drink alone!”
Sun Fuhai sent Chen Baoguo’s family out, that Li Fengxia had been sitting on the sofa, not even moving a bit!
“Uncle Sun, what was the name of the company you said owed you money?”
After walking out of the doorway, Chen Ping asked Sun Fuhai.
“It’s called Fuyao Decoration, does the eldest nephew know anyone in there?”
Sun Fuhai asked in confusion.
Chen Ping shook his head, “No, but I’ll try and help Uncle Sun ask for the bill ……”
“Eldest nephew, your feelings Uncle Sun appreciate, you are so hard to get out from inside, breaking the law we can’t do it again, be filial to your parents, you don’t have to think about my affairs ……”
Sun Fuhai thought that Chen Ping was going to violently demand for money, after all, Chen Ping had just gotten out of jail, so maybe he knew some gangsters or something.