For a time, in the huge curtain of light, the sky began to rotate, tens of thousands of troops in that formation, as if they had lost the concept of time and space, one by one, they swayed and constantly began to fall!
Ah …………
Miserable screams as well as collision sounds, one after another, kept coming out!
The collision and trampling of tens of thousands of people caused many people to be trampled to death before they could react!
Seeing this, King Li roared loudly, but it was useless.
Some of the generals also tried to control the situation, but in the midst of that heavenly spinning formation, no one was following orders, and they simply couldn’t stop!
“King Knight, what is this? Looking at the formation is so strong ah, it doesn’t look like a defence formation at all.”
Elder Qi looked at the generals who were in the formation, each as if they were drunk, and couldn’t help but lament!
“Damn, what kind of formation is this, it’s able to trap so many people, it’s impossible for the Demon Emperor City to have this kind of character, could it be that Yi He has invited a high-level formation master?”
King Li frowned!
He knew that it was impossible for Demon Imperial City to have someone who could lay down such a formation, unless Yihe had invited a formation master!
But Demon Emperor City had always been under siege, and it was impossible for Yihe to have invited a formation master ah!
Now, not only was King Li and the others puzzled, even Isha was staring blankly at everything in front of her!
Those Demon Emperor City’s generals even grew their mouths, their faces full of incredulity!
“What …… is this?”
Isha asked to Chen Ping incredulously!
“I told you guys a long time ago to just prepare to kill the enemy.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Isha looked at Chen Ping, her heart filled with shock, a formation that could trap tens of thousands of troops, how big of a deal did this need to be?
As for Yi He who was on the Demon Emperor City, looking at the scene below the city, he was also a bit shocked, although he knew Chen Ping’s strength, but this kind of formation that trapped an army of ten thousand people was the first time he had seen it!
It was important to know that arranging this kind of formation was extremely complex and difficult, and even a high-level formation master would not necessarily be able to do it!
Chen Ping, at this moment, quietly watched the scene in front of him, the tens of thousands of enemy troops were constantly rolling, struggling, trampling and cursing each other!
But no matter how hard they tried, they could not leave the formation.
In the eyes of outsiders, the tens of thousands of troops from Ming Li Royal City were as drunk as if they were drunk, unable to stand up at all!
Seeing that the time was ripe, Chen Ping slowly said “Princess Isha, the opportunity to kill the enemy has arrived, in the face of these weaklings, do you still have any concerns?”
Isha gratefully glanced at Chen Ping, then raised the weapon in her hand and yelled “Generals, follow me to charge ……”.
As Isha raised her arm, the generals of Demon Emperor City all shouted and rushed up!
Although there are only a thousand people, but the fighting spirit is high, but the other side at this time has been the sky rotating, can not distinguish between the southeast and the north and the west, how to resist!
One-sided massacre began, King Li watched his soldiers were slaughtered, angry eyes are red!
After ten minutes, the massacre slowly came to an end!
The tens of thousands of generals in Ming Li King City had all become corpses at this moment!
The corpses of tens of thousands of people were piled up into a small hill!
The earth beneath their feet was even dyed red with blood, while Chen Ping stood on the blood-stained earth, looking at the King of Li with a face of contempt!
Faced with Chen Ping’s contemptuous expression, King Li became even more irritated!
“King Knight, I think we should retreat back first and then discuss our strategy ……”
Elder Qi whispered to King Li!
“Discuss a fart, today I’m going to decapitate this kid, before breaking this Demon Emperor City ……”
After finishing his speech, the Knight King suddenly let out a roar, took one step, directly spanning a distance of hundreds of metres, and slammed his fist towards Chen Ping’s head!