“Bragging ……” Zhu Zhishan gave a disdainful grunt, “If the Long Family had that many divine weapons, then Long Jingguo would have been so polite to you and me long ago when he was sightless?”
“That’s true!” Guo Wei nodded.
With a nature like Long Jingguo’s, if the Long Family really had that many divine weapons, Long Jingguo would have been pointing his finger at the Kyoto martial arts community a long time ago.
Rumble …………
The bronze bell suppressed towards Chen Ping’s body, the killing qi was like countless sharp blades, constantly bursting out in flames on Chen Ping’s body, some leaving a deep wound!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, the spiritual energy within his body erupted, and he ruthlessly slashed his sword towards the copper bell!
The overwhelming sword energy seemed to cut a gaping hole in the entire space, but when this sword energy touched the bronze bell, it was directly reduced to nothing!
This sword could not stop the suppressing power of the bronze bell at all!
“Chen Ping, it’s useless, this is the Dragon Family’s divine weapon, there’s no way you can resist it.”
Long Xiao’s eyes were fierce as he looked at Chen Ping!
Originally, he thought that he could easily win a battle following Chen Ping, but he did not expect Chen Ping’s strength to exceed his imagination, directly giving himself five moves, and finally forcing himself to sacrifice the divine weapon.
“Just this is worthy of being called a divine weapon?”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as the power of the divine dragon within his body erupted, followed by a dragon roar resounding through the sky as Chen Ping once again slashed out with his sword!
A golden dragon was seen emitting a regal dragon roar as it headed towards the bronze bell.
Boom …………
Golden light shot out in all directions and the golden dragon disappeared, while the bronze bell did not suffer any damage, not even stopping for a moment.
“Hahahaha …… I told you, you don’t need to waste your energy, or suffer death obediently, if you kneel and kowtow to me now, I might be able to spare you from death with great kindness.”
Long Xiao had a cold smile on his face and looked at Chen Ping playfully.
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to him as the divine dragon power within his body once again rushed up!
Only, this time, the divine Dragon Force within his body was not under Chen Ping’s control, but instead, it drilled directly into the Dragon Crystal within Chen Ping’s body!
Soon, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body turned half fire-red and half ice-blue, and Chen Ping’s body slowly became transparent, so transparent that even the bones within his body could be seen clearly!
“What’s that?”
Someone noticed that within Chen Ping’s body, an orb-like object was giving off light, the orb-like object was half fire-red and half ice-blue eye colour, so it mapped Chen Ping’s entire body into this!
“A dragon crystal, that’s the dragon crystal Chen Ping swallowed, right?”
“That’s not right, how can a dragon crystal look like this? How could it have two colours?”
“Look, that bronze bell has actually been immobilized.”
Someone noticed that the bronze bell that was originally coming towards Chen Ping’s suppression had now stopped moving under the light of this two-coloured light.
Long Xiao also seemed to have noticed that something was wrong, and with panic on his face, the long sword in his hand pointed at the bronze bell, and a blue light shot out!
“Suppression ……”
The bronze bell made a rumbling sound and began to spin rapidly.
But no matter how much the bell spun, it did not come a single bit closer to Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body became transparent and illusory, as if he had suddenly become invisible, and then the two-coloured dragon crystal slowly flew out from Chen Ping’s body!
In a flash, the two-coloured dragon crystal emitted a light that even the sun was compared to.
The crowd could only feel a vast and sharp aura like an ocean emanating from the dragon crystal!
A dragon roar rang out and the crowd couldn’t help but cover their ears!
Immediately afterwards a multicoloured light struck the spinning bronze bell!
Wow! …………
With this, the bronze bell was like fragile gla*s, shattering at the slightest touch.