Guanghan Palace!
The Palace Master had almost always stayed up all night after Chen Ping left!
The Mu Family’s retaliation didn’t know when it would come, and the Palace Master had been worried the entire time!
Although she had said that she was not afraid of the Mu Family’s retaliation, she was still worried inwardly!
The Palace Master, who is already in the Mahayana realm, is not afraid of the Mu Family, the big deal is to walk away, it is still easy to save her life.
But their own hard work to hold up the Guanghan Palace, I’m afraid it will be a disaster!
The strength of these disciples of Guanghan Palace is not high, and the polar trip also lost so many holy girls and outer disciples!
Now, in addition to the Palace Master himself, the strength of the Guanghan Palace is afraid that it can’t even be considered a second-rate clan.
If that Mu Family came to retaliate, what would they use to resist?
There is also that extreme stone mine, it was hard to find, is it going to give up to the Mu family?
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace looked out of the window, his eyes filled with worry!
“Does the heavens have to die for my Guanghan Palace, can’t they let our Guanghan Palace rise in splendour?”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace muttered!
“Palace Master, you haven’t rested yet?”
At this time, Bing Lu walked in and said!
“Is it all set up?” The Palace Master asked!
“Arranged, set up a few more spell formations at the front gate, now our Guanghan Palace can be considered an iron bucket, no one can think of coming in.”
Bing Lu said with great confidence!
While the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master smiled and shook her head, because only she herself knew that these formations were afraid to be unbearable in front of the Mu Family!
“You go and rest, tell all the disciples to seize the time to cultivate, perhaps it won’t be long before there will be a vicious battle!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said!
“Good!” Ice Dew nodded!
Although Ice Dew didn’t know, what this vicious battle would be, she felt that oppressive feeling of approaching danger from the Palace Master!
At the same time!
In the Mu Family, the lights were also on!
The Mu Family’s Family Head had yet to come out of the gate, and everything was being run by the Mu Family’s Grand Steward who was running everything!
Mu Kui is dead!
Mu Naiyi is dead!
Everyone in the Mu Family is dressed in white.
Hundreds of people stood in the Mu Family’s square, these people were the entire Mu Family!
All the sons and daughters have been summoned back!
“Chief Liu, everyone in the Mu Family has been summoned back, just waiting for Chief Liu’s order.”
A Mu Family disciple came forward and said!
“All wait in place, the family head will most likely be able to leave the gate in the next day or two.”
That steward waved his hand, and everyone in the Mu Family waited in the square!
These people didn’t move at all, and it could be seen that the Mu Family’s hierarchy was very strict.
As for this Butler Liu, who was of a foreign surname, but was able to be in charge of everything in the Mu Family, it could also be seen that the Mu Family Head trusted him.
…………
Early the next morning!
Chen Ping personally went and got the people from the five great sects, the Sheng Family and the Soul Demon Sect.
All of a sudden, there were thousands of people in the blackness of a certain mansion in South End City!
And in the hall of the mansion, Luo Shouhai, Song Tianhai, Sheng Bushi, Jiang Yulian, Patriarch Luo, Patriarch Chen, the Lion King, and other leaders of some of the major lineage sects were sitting around!
Chen Ping looked at these people in front of him, and inwardly, he was also very grateful!
Although all of these people had received favours from Chen Ping, in this Celestial Realm, many people were selfish and profit-driven!
Even if Chen Ping had helped them, there were many who had betrayed their trust!
Chen Ping let the great clans and families get to know each other, so that they would not really get into a melee and not know each other, resulting in a mishap!
At this moment, in this mansion, it was the first time that the three races of humans, devils and beasts had cooperated!
And all of this was because of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping briefly told everyone what happened once again!
Another chance was given to the crowd, after all, following a vicious battle in the Mu Clan, many people would surely die!
If anyone quit at this time, Chen Ping would not be resentful!
However, these people were surprisingly unanimous, all following Chen Ping’s lead!