Boom …………
A muffled sound, Xia Chao’s palm hit Chen Ping’s chest fiercely, but to Xia Chao’s surprise, this palm did not hurt Chen Ping even a bit, Chen Ping’s body did not even move a bit.
Xia Chao’s face was shocked and his body hurriedly retreated backwards, looking at Chen Ping in horror, “Who the hell are you? How come you have such a strong body?”
“I’ve said it all, you don’t deserve to know!”
Chen Ping was full of disdain.
Xia Chao’s face became increasingly ugly, the corners of his eyes twitching continuously.
“Are you eating me up? Don’t forget that this is the Heavenly Martial Sect ……”
Xia Chao’s voice was incomparably cold.
Chen Ping had repeatedly humiliated him, and Xia Chao was beginning to move with anger.
“Just a guy like you who practices by sucking women’s Yin Qi, I am disgusted at the sight of you, I am really afraid of dirtying my hands if I kill you ……”
Chen Ping said with a pretence of dry heaving.
“How did you know that?” Xia Chao was startled.
After all, his kind of cultivation was very disgraceful to the martial arts world, if word got out, how could Xia Chao still be in the martial arts world? How could the Heavenly Martial Sect still mix in the martial dao world?
“I know more than that, you use the spring to attract large numbers of girls to bathe and take advantage of the opportunity to suck their Yin Qi to cultivate, I know all of this ……”
Chen Ping said as his eyes narrowed.
When Xia Chao heard this, a burst of killing intent instantly rose up from his body.
“All the disciples of the Heavenly Martial Sect listen to the order, guard the mountain gate, never let a single person go ……”
Xia Chao was moved to kill, he wanted to kill everyone who was not from the Heavenly Martial Sect, his secret must not be leaked out.
“Don’t bother, just they can’t stop me at all, you’d better take out your killer technique, I’ll see how the evil art you cultivated at the cost of losing your manhood is!”
Chen Ping smiled lightly.
“Good, then I’ll show you …………”
After Xia Chao finished speaking, his body’s aura changed abruptly, followed by his entire body looking eerie and terrifying, and his body was also expanding at a speed visible to the naked eye.
As his body swelled, Xia Chao’s powerful aura also increased with it, and the terrifying pressure spread in all directions.
“Retreat …………”
Seeing this, a Grand Patriarch of the Heavenly Martial Sect hurriedly shouted and led the other disciples of the Heavenly Martial Sect to retreat in the distance.
He knew that the evil art that Xia Chao practiced was very terrifying and bloody, so this was why he greeted the Tianwu Sect’s crowd to retreat.
The terrifying pressure caused many people in the Miao Village to feel difficulty in breathing, even the Five Great Rulers, who were also Grand Masters, frowned after feeling the pressure emanating from Xia Chao’s body, as if a mountain was pressing down on their shoulders.
“Kid, you know too much, so you must die ……”
After Xia Chao finished speaking, his huge body crushed directly towards Chen Ping, rampaging like a mad bull.
Along with Xia Chao’s body, a stream of Yin Qi rose up to the sky, instantly transforming into a ghostly monster with teeth and claws, while tearing towards Chen Ping.
Seeing this scene, Xiaolan, who was beside Chen Ping, was so frightened that her face instantly turned pale beyond recognition, while many of the other people from the Miao Village were so frightened that they closed their eyes.
Although they had been dealing with poisonous creatures all day, they had never seen such a terrifying scene.
Those ghosts and monsters with their teeth and claws rushed directly towards Chen Ping, and then burrowed into his body.
At the same time, Xia Chao’s body also arrived in front of Chen Ping and slapped his palm at his face.
“Having been hit by my Hundred Ghosts Devouring Heart, let’s see how you can still live ……”
Xia Chao’s eyes were filled with a smug look, and the palm that he slapped at Chen Ping became casual.
In his eyes, Chen Ping was bound to die, no one could escape his Hundred Ghost Devouring Heart.
“Hmph, with this, how dare you call it a hundred ghosts?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly and lifted his foot towards that Xia Chao and kicked him.