When Ning Zhi heard this, he instantly understood, but a divine sense was able to have an autonomous consciousness, so he could see how terrifying that original body’s strength, was going to be.
“As long as you can help me kill that Chen Ping, I promise you ……”
Ruthlessness flashed in Ning Zhi’s eyes, as long as he could kill Chen Ping, he would do anything.
“Hahahaha, don’t worry about it ……”
The figure laughed out loud, followed by a flash of white light.
Ning Zhi felt something burrow into his brain.
At that moment, the old voice rang out in his mind, “The bottom is good, and with my guidance, you’ll be able to kill that Chen Ping in no time.”
“I will heal your body first now ……”
Soon, a faint white mist began to emerge from Ning Zhi’s body, and the mist wrapped around Ning Zhi.
An hour later, the white mist disappeared.
And the injuries on Ning Zhi’s body disappeared, and his whole body looked as if he had never been injured at all.
Ning Zhi was filled with excitement and hurriedly got up to check.
Only just as he stood up, his body slumped and he almost fell over.
Ning Zhi looked at his leg and found that one leg was a little bent and he was limping when he walked.
“Your hamstring is gone, so I can only help you stand up, as for trying to walk normally, it’s impossible.”
The old voice said.
“Am I going to become a cripple from now on?”
Ning Zhi asked with a frown.
“Not bad, that’s already a good result.”
The voice in his head said.
Ning Zhi gritted his teeth to death and clenched his fists, “Chen Ping, I will make your life worse than death ……”
…………
After Chen Ping left, he went straight to the Pill God Valley, since Mr. Shi had given the word to stay away from Kyoto, Chen Ping didn’t dare disobey!
He had to go to the Pill God Valley to give an account of the matter, and to see Long Wu and Gu Ling’er and the others by the way.
Now that the Wicked Valley was being rebuilt, it needed a lot of herbs and pills from the Pill God Valley.
Chen Ping had to give an account to Xu Changsheng before he could do so.
Leaving the Pill God Valley, Chen Ping went to the Valley of the Wicked, where the four wicked men were still healing inside the Devil Suppressing Tower!
Chen Ping explained a few words to Zhao Liguo and told him that he would be away for a while.
Although Zhao Liguo did not know why Chen Ping had suddenly left, he did not ask more questions.
Chen Ping left the Valley of the Wicked and headed southwest, not by car or plane, but on foot!
Chen Ping did not drive or take a plane, but walked on foot! With his spiritual energy condensed on his feet, he was not slow in speed when he performed the Quick Step!
However, this time, Chen Ping did not bring the Demon Tower out with him, so he needed to rely on the spiritual energy of heaven and earth or find a place with abundant spiritual energy for his training.
The reason why Chen Ping didn’t take the Demon Subduing Tower with him was for the sake of the Four Villains to heal their wounds properly, and for the sake of refining his mind!
During this period of time, Chen Ping found that he had relied on the Demon Subduing Tower and the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map to speed up his cultivation.
But in doing so, he always felt that his strength was not very condensed, and that it would be difficult to break through to the realm of the Firstborn, fearing that he would have to rely on magic weapons.
What Chen Ping needed to break through now was an opportunity, so he planned to refine himself and perhaps find the opportunity to break through.
Chen Ping walked along, feeling the mountains and rivers along the way!
As he pa*sed through Hongcheng, Chen Ping rested for a day and met his parents, as well as Su Wenzong and Gu Wentian, Lin Tianhu and the others.
Then he continued on his way, all the way to the southwest.
Soon, Chen Ping arrived at a place called Wancheng.
It was almost at the southwestern border!
It was filled with green and ethereal jungles, mountains and rivers, and picturesque scenery!
It had long been cold and windy in the north at this time, but here it was springtime in all seasons!
Chen Ping did not choose to go to the busy cities, but instead found some dense mountains and forests to walk in.
Perhaps in such a place, there would be some chance again, or he might come across some sects!
Speckles of sunlight spilled down on Chen Ping’s body through the gaps in the branches and leaves.