“It’s a pity that no matter how strong you are, you’re only at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, so I guess it would be good to have a thousand years of Yang Yuan, so you can’t carry these death qi.”
“If you’re like me and have ten thousand years or even higher Yang Yuan, these death qi won’t be enough to worry about, after all, this bit of death qi can’t consume much vitality or Yang Yuan.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was speechless, this Red Cloud Demon Monarch possessed ten thousand years of Yang Yuan, it was only a pity that he had been decapitated, fortunately leaving behind a wisp of residual soul!
If the residual soul was not even left behind, even if it had billions of years of Yang Yuan, it would still be dead all the same.
“If I absorb all this dead qi, what will happen? That guy was able to use the dead qi to cultivate, why can’t I?”
Chen Ping asked!
Chen Ping thought that his Concentrated Heart Skill could be able to refine everything, even that Yin Fiend Qi Chen Ping was able to absorb it!
This Deadly Qi followed the Yin Fiendish Qi as well!
“That guy must have a technique that utilises dead qi to cultivate, if you don’t have a technique and absorb dead qi, won’t you be letting yourself die even faster!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Who says I don’t have it!”After Chen Ping finished speaking, he immediately operated the Condensing Heart Technique, and a large amount of dead qi around him began to swarm towards Chen Ping’s body!
“What is Chen doing, this is dead qi, how can he absorb dead qi?”
When Patriarch Jiang saw this, he was immediately startled!
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master was also frowning slightly, her face full of worry!
As for that Eldest Senior Brother, when he saw this, he couldn’t help but be slightly stunned, and then he coldly laughed and said, “To dare to absorb my death qi, I see that you are too tired of dying too slowly ……”
Along with the constant absorption of death qi within Chen Ping’s body, his body was aging with the naked eye, giving the impression that he could die at any time!
But just as Patriarch Jiang and the others were worried, and Di Chongjing and the others were happy, the pervasive dead qi was unexpectedly all absorbed into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping did not die, other than his body looking very aged, there were no other symptoms!
However, along with the continuous operation of the Heart Concentration Technique, Chen Ping’s chest flashed with a streak of golden light!
His body once again began to recover at a speed visible to the naked eye!
In a matter of a few tight breaths, Chen Ping recovered his original appearance, and the aura on his body was surprisingly much stronger!
“This dead qi is really good, it’s a perfect resource to use for cultivation, do you have any more?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards that dumbfounded Eldest Senior Brother!
As for that Eldest Senior Brother, at this time, his smile was frozen on his face, and his entire body was dumbfounded!
“How are you …… you able to refine dead qi? Why?”
That Eldest Senior Brother was dumbstruck, his face full of incredulity!
He knew the power of this dead qi, even if he had the technique to refine dead qi, because of cultivating this dead qi, his own body had turned into this ghostly appearance.
But Chen Ping looked like he had absorbed so much dead qi and yet nothing happened to him at all, this was simply too unbelievable!
“I forgot to tell you, my gongfu is able to refine everything, what’s so difficult about a mere dead qi, whatever else you have, feel free to use it!”
Chen Ping smiled smugly and said!
“I don’t believe it, I don’t believe it, it must be that the dead qi is too little, I don’t believe that you are able to refine dead qi ……”
That Eldest Senior Brother hissed, his entire body falling into a frenzy, his body desperately absorbing the dead Qi from the dead cultivator’s body!
But after all, there are not many just dead cultivators, this kind of dead qi is only found within just dead bodies, like these skeletons have long since lost their dead qi, what they have is only Yin Fury qi!
Seeing that the dead cultivators had all been absorbed into the dead qi, that Eldest Senior Brother turned his gaze towards Di Chong Jing!
“Eldest senior brother, what …… are you doing?”
Di Chongjing asked with a face full of horror!
“In order to exterminate these people, I can only condemn you ……”
That Eldest Senior Brother finished speaking and suddenly struck out towards Di Chongjing!