At this time, two figures came out from the woods, when it got closer, Chen Ping realised that the person who came was actually that Ming Li Royal City’s male son, Li Xing!
When Li Xing saw Chen Ping’s face, he couldn’t help but laugh coldly, “So it’s you, I thought that you had left this place a long time ago and wouldn’t come back.”
Elder Qi, who was beside Li Xing, swept his eyes over Chen Ping and Ji Yun’s bodies, then a look of relief appeared on his face!
The strength of the two Harmonisation Realms, Elder Qi did not place it in his eyes in the slightest!
When Li Xing saw that it was Chen Ping, his heart also relaxed quite a bit!
He was aware of Chen Ping’s strength, even if Chen Ping’s strength had increased during this period of time, how much more could it increase, it was still just a Harmonisation Realm cultivator!
The Elder Qi beside him was a great cultivator of the third rank of the Ferrying Realm, and to deal with a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, it was simply a casual matter!
“You came here at night, aren’t you afraid of being caught?”
Chen Ping saw that this Li Xing was so bold that he dared to come to the bottom of the Demon Emperor City with just one person, he was simply being unselfish!
“Caught?” Li Xing coldly smiled “Caught by who? Is there any expert in the entire Demon Emperor City right now other than that Ikh Demon Emperor?”
“The one I brought with me is an elder of our Ming Li Royal City, a great cultivator of the third rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, with Elder Qi here, who in the entire Demon Imperial City can catch me?”
“Third grade of the Transitional Appearance Realm, it’s really a good bull’s strength, it’s too scary ……”
Ji Yun was on the side, looking at Li Xing’s dejected appearance, he couldn’t help but laugh!
Chen Ping’s current strength, to beat a cultivator of the third rank of the Transition Realm, that was not simple!
This Li Xing even dared to come over and act like a bully!
“Who are you?” Li Xing looked at Ji Yun and asked!
“My name is Ji Yun, the Soaring Sky Sect is our family.” Ji Yun said in a cold voice!
“So you’re the young master of the Flying Sky Sect, no wonder there’s a blimp flying here.”
“But what is your Fei Tian Sect doing in Demon Emperor City when you’re not doing business? Could it be that you also want to get involved in what’s going on between us?”
“Let me tell you, the matter between us and Demon Emperor City is not something you, a Fei Tian Sect, can meddle in.”
“I advise you to obediently roll back in your dirigible, or else even your Fei Tian Sect will be destroyed together.”
Li Xing threatened nonchalantly!
A small Fei Tian Sect, Li Xing didn’t put it in his eyes at all, just send a random general with troops over there and they could raze the Fei Tian Sect to the ground!
How could a tiny sect follow their royal city!
“You’re on the verge of death, and you’re still threatening me? It’s simply ridiculous ……”
Ji Yun burst into a cold laugh as he laughed at the fact that Li Xing still didn’t know that he was on the verge of death!
“I’m at the end of my life? Hahaha, don’t you think it’s ridiculous? I think the ones who are on the verge of death are you!”
After finishing his speech, Li Xing’s figure retreated backwards and said “Elder Qi, arrest that Chen Ping and stick him on the flagpole tomorrow, directly sacrificing the flag.”
Elder Qi nodded and then looked towards Chen Ping “Kid, what are you two doing sneaking around here? If you tell me, I won’t torture you.”
“If you don’t speak, then don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
After Elder Qi finished speaking, his body’s aura shook violently, and a terrifying aura instantly swept towards Ji Yun!
Ji Yun’s body was instantly sent flying out, and then fell heavily to the ground!
However, Ji Yun’s life was not in danger and slowly climbed up!
Elder Qi was doing this towards Ji Yun in order to deter Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping turned to Ji Yun and asked “Ji Yun, are you alright?”
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, I can’t die ……”
Ji Yun shook his head!
“It’s not polite to come and go, looks like I should treat them like this ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Suddenly, his body’s aura also erupted in an instant, and a terrifying aura rose up to the sky!
Before that Elder Qi could react, that terrifying aura went towards Li Xing!
It directly sent Li Xing flying out and also fell heavily to the ground!