Since Su Yuqi had followed himself, a thousand-year-old lady, instead of enjoying the blessings, she had followed him everywhere and was in fear.
Su Wenzong, in particular, was alone, and now that he couldn’t see his daughter for months, he would definitely miss it.
“Oh!” Su Wenzong gave a slightly disappointed oh and retraced his steps.
Chen Ping accompanied Su Wenzong to have a cup of tea and also left, he had to go back to the Chen family village to see his parents, he hadn’t seen his parents for a few months.
“Brother, are you in Hongcheng?”
Chen Ping had just left the Su family villa when Chen Yingxia called Chen Ping.
“Yes, are you on holiday?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Today is a holiday, if you go home, drive me back with you ……”
Su Yingxia called Chen Ping, it turned out that she wanted Chen Ping to take her home with her.
“Wait for me in front of the school, I’ll take you back later ……”
Chen Ping hung up the phone after he said that.
Chen Ping went to pick up Xiaolan first, then went but to pick up Chen Yingxia, and the three of them rushed back to the Chen family village together!
“Brother, it’s here, it’s here ……”
Chen Yingxia, standing in front of the school, desperately followed Chen Ping and waved.
Chen Ping was driving Bai Xiushan’s car, the Rolls Royce, usually he drove Su Yuqi and Lin Tianhu’s car, but Lin Tianhu was now lying in the hospital and Su Yuqi had not returned, so Chen Ping used Bai Xiushan’s Rolls Royce to drive for him first.
However, Chen Ping did not care much about the car, as long as it could move!
But as soon as the Rolls-Royce stopped in front of the school, it soon attracted the attention of many people.
You know that in a city like Hongcheng, not many people could afford a Rolls-Royce, and this Rolls-Royce still had a Beijing license plate.
“Yingxia, this …… this Rolls Royce driving is your brother ah?”
Chen Yingxia side cla*smate, very enviously asked.
“Yes ……,” Chen Yingxia nodded her head.
“This is still a number plate from Kyoto, your brother is not working as a driver for someone, right?”
At this point a male student said half-jokingly.
“Your brother is the one who is a driver, my brother is great, my sister-in-law is the Miss Su’s Group ……”
Chen Yingxia said with a proud face.
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public.
As expected, when Chen Yingxia said so, the male student was so scared that he didn’t dare to speak instantly.
Chen Ping drove the car to Chen Yingxia, opened the door and said, “Get in quickly, or it will be too late to get back home ……”
“Bye bye ……”
Chen Yingxia waved her hand after her cla*smate and got on top of the Rolls Royce.
Chen Yingxia had just sat on it when she noticed that there was also a woman sitting in the car that she didn’t recognize.
“Hello, my name is Xiaolan ……”
Xiaolan saw Su Yingxia who got into the car and politely extended her hand.
“Hello, my name is Chen Yingxia ……” Su Yuqi shook hands after Xiaolan with some formality.
“Yingxia sister is so pretty, no wonder your brother always praises you ……”
Xiaolan looked at Chen Yingxia is a compliment.
Chen Ping was driving in front of him and rolled his eyes for a moment, he had never mentioned Chen Yingxia in front of Xiaolan.
He had never mentioned Chen Yingxia in front of Xiao Lan, but Xiao Lan was just trying to follow Chen Yingxia to make distance.
“Sister Xiaolan is really pretty, and you have a light fragrance on you, I wonder what brand of perfume you are using?”
Su Yingxia asked as she smelled the faint fragrance on Xiaolan’s body.
“The perfume on me is one I refined myself, if sister Yingxia likes it, I will refine some for you ……”
The fragrance on Xiaolan’s body was naturally emitted from her body, she was born with a charming body and emitted this fragrance to tempt men.
“Yes, thank you sister Xiaolan!” Chen Yingxia said happily.
“What perfume do children wear, learn your knowledge properly ……”
Chen Ping drove in front and reprimanded Chen Yingxia.