Chen Ping was surprisingly speechless for a moment as he listened to the words of the Divine Ripple Old Ancestor, he did not expect that the Divine Ripple Old Ancestor’s evaluation and expectations of him would be so high!
Chen Ping himself did not have such great confidence, but Chen Ping could still ascend to the Heavenly Realm even if he did not break the Heaven and Earth Formation, as long as he cultivated himself to the Immortalisation Realm!
It was just that these people who were trapped in the Celestial Realm, they had no way to return to the Celestial Realm, and no way to use their cultivation to raise their realm and then ascend!
So Chen Ping did not have to break open the Heaven and Earth Formation!
It was only that he had accepted the divine pattern of the Divine Pattern Ancestor, as well as that Formation Demon’s Demonic Pattern himself had condensed it, and now if he said that he couldn’t do it and couldn’t break open the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, Chen Ping felt a little bit overjoyed!
‘In the future, if I have the ability, I will break open this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation and allow the two seniors to re-enter the Heavenly Realm.’
Chen Ping had no choice but to promise for the time being!
‘You can, you ken wait can.’
‘However, this matter of breaking open the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation also requires you to volunteer, we will not force you, after all, this involves the entire Celestial Realm.’
‘And there is also the possibility that it will affect your cultivation and ascension, but there is one thing, if you do break open the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, after you ascend to the Celestial Realm, I think there will be a lot of people who will be grateful to you.’
The Divine Ripple Ancestor said!
‘Elder, don’t worry about it, I did it voluntarily, when my strength improves a bit more, I will come to find Formation Demon Elder to learn about the Demonic Patterns, and at that time, I will think of a way to break the Heaven and Earth Formation, and return you all to freedom.’
Chen Ping said with a solemn face!
‘Hahaha, good, the old man is waiting for you ……’
The Formation Devil laughed out loud!
‘Senior, I still have things to take care of, so I can’t be here with you guys, nor can I learn all the divine patterns before leaving.’
‘I also hope that senior can be magnanimous and let me leave!’
Chen Ping prayed to the Divine Pattern Elder!
If he really finished practising all the divine patterns, he wouldn’t even know how long it would take!
‘Of course you can, I’ll have Bai Chicory take you out, and also the things you promised Gu Tianzhao, let Bai Chicory do it for you as well.’
‘Only that Gu Tianzhao’s character is not good, not suitable to be the Two Yi Sect Sect Leader, let him be a Deputy Sect Leader, this Sect Leader is still you.’
‘When you are not around, Gu Tianzhao will manage the Two Yi Sect, so that there is still some restraint on him.’
The Divine Grain Old Ancestor said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping saw that the Divine Ripple Old Ancestor knew all about it, so he couldn’t say anything else, if he was asked to be this Sect Master, he would be, and he didn’t really have to stay here to sit and manage anyway!
The management was still handed over to Gu Tianzhao, and Gu Tianzhao, the Deputy Sect Master, would not be much different following the Sect Master!
‘I will listen to everything senior, but senior brother Bai, he hasn’t left this place either, can he take me out?’
Chen Ping was puzzled, knowing that that White Chicory had said that he had never left this place either!
‘He just doesn’t want to go out and has been hiding within this small world to cultivate, it’s not like I have any control over him.’
‘Whenever he wants to go out, he can go out at any time, and he has also been to the Two Yi Sect many times, the people from the Two Yi Sect who wanted to see me were all brought in by him as well.’
The Divine Stripe Old Ancestor said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was speechless!
Feeling that this white chicory had said half a day, it was that he did not want to leave this place at all, at that time, Chen Ping kinda pitied this guy, but now that he thought about it, he was really worrying blindly!
‘Many thanks senior ……’
Chen Ping got up and prepared to leave this place!
But just as Chen Ping turned around, the Divine Ripple Old Ancestor spoke again, ‘You don’t want to take all of that Blood Jade, there are two left for us old brothers to recover.’
‘In the future, we won’t be competing anymore, so we’ll just quietly wait for you to break through the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation and return to the Heavenly Realm.’
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately blushed, he had agreed to Gu Tianzhao just for the Two Yi Sect’s Blood Jade!
Now that it was directly stated by the Divine Ripple Ancestor, it was more or less embarrassing!