Chen Ping knew that if it was two against one, he and Ge Yuhan could still hold off the man, but now that it was two against two, they had no chance of winning, and they were afraid that they would not be able to hold out even one move.
Just as Chen Ping was about to fight for his life, suddenly the ground shook like an earthquake!
Immediately afterwards, a white light shot up from the forbidden land, followed by a violent explosion!
The man and the woman stopped at the same time, their faces solemn as they looked in the direction of the forbidden land!
The light slowly disappeared, followed by an extremely terrifying aura that came out from the forbidden land!
“This is?”
The man and woman simultaneously widened their eyes, their faces turning very ugly!
Out of the darkness, two figures walked out of the forbidden land!
The one walking in front was Fan Jiang, but at this moment, Fan Jiang’s aura was very depressed and his face looked very ugly, so it could be seen that he had used up a lot of energy in performing this technique!
Behind Fan Jiang was the flesh of the Blood Demon, now a puppet corpse!
The Blood Demon’s eyes were godless, standing like a robot. One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
“Mr. Chen, it worked ……”
Fan Jiang said breathlessly.
“Good, take a rest first ……”
Chen Ping let Fan Jiang sit down and rest, while he himself entered that blood devil’s body with a divine sense, instantly following the bloodline divine sense that he had left inside the blood devil himself!
Chen Ping was overjoyed, and even though he was in such a mess, he couldn’t help but laugh out loud!
But at this moment, the faces of the man and the woman looked surprisingly ugly!
“Quick, kill that boy, that boy’s divine sense has followed the Blood Demon’s flesh to make a connection ……”
The woman seemed to see what was going on and said hurriedly.
The man leapt up, the flames on his body burning even brighter and his aura exerted to the utmost!
A terrifying aura enveloped towards Chen Ping, he wanted to kill Chen Ping with a single blow, he couldn’t let Chen Ping live!
Chen Ping felt the terrifying aura and immediately activated his divine sense, while the Blood Demon’s physical body leapt up and stopped directly in front of the man!
The man didn’t pull back in the slightest, but smashed his fist into the Blood Demon’s body, and after a loud bang, there wasn’t even the slightest mark on the Blood Demon!
On the contrary, the man only felt a huge recoil hit him and his arm bent down strangely.
Looking at his broken arm, a great shock occurred within the man’s heart!
“How can this …… be so powerful?”
The man couldn’t believe it a bit, the blood demon clearly didn’t strike, his punch hit the blood demon and didn’t cause any damage to that blood demon, instead, his own arm was shattered.
“Let’s go, we can’t stay here ……”
The man said to the woman.
The woman could see it too, so she nodded and the two leapt up in a single bound!
“Kill them ……”
Chen Ping ordered to the blood demon.
After beating himself up so badly, how could Chen Ping let them go.
The Blood Demon received the order and his body appeared to not move, but he went directly behind the man.
The man’s heart was startled and he instinctively turned back and slammed out a fist!
But the blood demon directly raised his hand, grabbed the man’s fist, and crushed it with a single force!
“Ahh …………”
A miserable scream of pain came out of the man’s mouth!
When the woman heard the man’s miserable scream, she didn’t dare to stop for a moment, didn’t even dare to look at him, and quickly ran away towards the distance!
Immediately afterwards the blood demon slapped the man, a slap that blew his head right off!
Poof!
The man’s head was instantly splattered with blood, and he died directly, even his soul dissipated!
The woman, who seemed to have sensed the disappearance of the man’s breath, looked back and fled!
The Blood Demon was about to go after the woman, but was stopped by Chen Ping shouting.
“Come back, don’t chase after her ……”
Hearing Chen Ping’s order, the Blood Demon’s figure was like a momentary shuttle, and he was in front of Chen Ping in an instant!