– “Roar!”
At that moment, a loud hissing sound came from the beast, followed by a scream!
Hearing this, Chen Ping and Liu Rui rushed towards the place where the sound was coming from!
But when they arrived, they found several dead martial artists lying on the ground!
These martial artists were not from the Heavenly Thunder Sect, they were probably from one of the clans, and had probably sneaked in when the sect was sealing off the mountains!
But these people are too weak to go down into the cave without permission, and they are just asking for death!
Looking at the beasts, Chen Ping drew his Dragon Cutting Sword and followed Liu Rui to strike!
These beasts were also resources, and soon several dazzling pills were in Chen Ping’s pocket!
But there were still beasts in the Kunlun Mountains, which Chen Ping had not expected!
There was no telling what they would find next!
At this moment, deep in the forest, in a clearing!
Several people dressed in strange costumes are gathered together, and beside them are the bodies of several fierce beasts.
These men were dressed in flames and had a strange aura about them!
It was obvious from a glance that these people were evil cultivators!
“If we can take this relic of the Water Fairy Palace for ourselves, then the Burning Heaven Sect will no longer be afraid of the three sects and six sects!
An old man said with a gloomy expression.
“Grand Protector, can you really be sure that this is the relic of the Water Fairy Palace?”
“There is no way that the other sects would not send people here for such a big disturbance.”
Another man asked.
“Don’t worry, we are the closest to this place. By the time people from other sects arrive, we will have already found the relics of the Water Fairy Palace and taken them for ourselves!”
“The sect master was not able to obtain resources from the Pill Refining Sect this time, so we of the Burning Heaven Sect will have to rely on ourselves.”
The Grand Protector said.
“But when the Patriarch left, he told us to be careful and to wait for his return.”
Another man opened his mouth and said.
“If we had waited for His Holiness to return, perhaps the ruins of the Water Fairy Palace would have been looted by the people!
“We have set up formations all over the place, so if anyone comes in, we can trap them for a while. When we find the relics of the Water Fairy Palace, I am sure that the Godfather will reward us heavily.”
“By then, we will no longer have to live in hiding on this mountain!”
The Great Protector’s eyes shone brightly and his face was full of confidence!
“We’ll do whatever the Grand Protector says!”
Several people nodded their heads.
“Good, then we will now continue our journey.”
The Grand Protector waved his hand and the few of them instantly disappeared into the depths of the forest!
Right after the Burning Heaven Clan left, a green fog began to spread into the forest where they had been resting!
There were many places in the forest where this kind of green fog was coming out!
At this moment, Chen Ping followed Liu Rui and kept moving deeper and deeper into the forest!
Chen Ping’s divine sense was diffused, and in this kind of place, Chen Ping could only rely on his divine sense to distinguish the direction!
But Chen Ping and Liu Rui felt like they had been walking for a long time, but it was as if they hadn’t moved anywhere!
Because all the places they had walked were trees, and now there were still trees on both sides, and nothing had changed!
“Mr. Chen, do you think we’re going to stay where we are? Why do I feel like I’m still in the same place after walking for half a day?”
“And now we can’t even hear a sound, and there are no beasts.”
Liu Rui asked Chen Ping with some fear.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, then shook his head: “No way, although the trees on both sides feel the same, but haven’t you noticed that the poisonous fog around you is getting thicker and thicker? And it’s starting to change from black to green ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.