“Blood Refining Cage …………”
Elder Cui’s face was full of shock and he didn’t dare to move at all, then he shook his head towards the old Sect Master and said, “I can’t stop this …… formation at all!”
When the old Sect Master heard this, he was anxious!
Zhu Ling and the others were also very anxious, but it was useless to be anxious, they couldn’t help much at all!
Soon, both Chen Ping and Huo Dong were in that cage, a blood-coloured chain that directly connected heaven and earth!
Now, Chen Ping could not escape even if he wanted to!
When Huo Dong saw this, he laughed crazily!
“Hahahaha, let me see where else you can escape to, just wait for the judgement of my Thunder Tribulation!”
Huo Dong looked at Chen Ping with smugness in his eyes!
As for Chen Ping, he just looked at that Gu Tianzhao’s formation and said with disdain, “A child’s playful formation, trying to trap me, is simply a joke!”
“If I really want to leave, no one will be able to stop me ……”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, he then sat down on his knees, with no intention of trying to escape!
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually sat down, the crowd all looked confused!
“What is Junior Brother doing? Why are you sitting down?”
Zhu Ling asked in confusion!
“This is too indifferent right, this is two people against him ……”
Wei Qing was also uncertain, not knowing what Chen Ping was trying to do!
As for the old Sect Master, his brows were slightly furrowed as he stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
At this moment, the thunder tribulation cloud between heaven and earth had already taken shape, and the thunder tribulation could come crashing down at any time!
However, Chen Ping sat cross-legged on the ground and had no intention of resisting the thunder tribulation that would come crashing down!
Huo Dong, on the other hand, had already prepared for the arrival of the thunder tribulation!
However, around Chen Ping’s body, an aura was climbing!
“Could it be that he is also about to break through?”
Seeing Chen Ping’s rising aura, Elder Yu said!
The old Sect Master also thought of Chen Ping’s words just now, that he was also going to allow himself to form a Thunder Tribulation!
However, that Huo Dong was at the peak of the Transitional Apparition Realm, this was a Thunder Tribulation of the Mahayana Realm, as long as he passed through this Thunder Tribulation, Huo Dong would be honoured at the Mahayana Realm!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, and even if he did attract a lightning tribulation, he would only be at the fifth rank of the Transition Realm!
The difference between these two lightning robberies was still very obvious, if Chen Ping wanted to rely on a breakthrough to resolve the danger at this time, it was simply too childish!
Huo Dong could not help but laugh when he saw that Chen Ping was actually trying to break through as well!
Chen Ping wanted to resist his own lightning tribulation, but he still had great difficulty, if he chose to break through at this time and endure two types of lightning tribulation, wouldn’t that be certain death!
Could it be that Chen Ping wanted to die with himself?
However, it seemed that the lightning tribulation of the fifth grade of the Transitional Tribulation Realm could not do any harm to Huo Dong at all!
It was simply too crazy for Chen Ping to do so at this time, in fact, Chen Ping could have completely escaped the range of the lightning tribulation!
Right now, Huo Dong was in the middle of a lightning tribulation, and it would be impossible for him to run around randomly and go chasing after it!
Chen Ping had time to escape!
However, Chen Ping did not flee, and even wanted to break through at this time!
“Disappearing doesn’t he know that at the time of a breakthrough, it is the most vulnerable time?”
“He’s trying to endure two types of lightning tribulation, don’t want to die ……”
Zhu Ling was very worried!
“Daughter, don’t worry too much, since it’s Chen Ping’s own choice, it proves that he knows what’s in his heart.”
“Maybe he still has hidden strengths that we haven’t even seen yet, don’t worry ……”
The old Sect Master exhorted Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling nodded, now she could only wait!
Gu Tianzhao directly sealed Chen Ping in the big formation, no one could enter, and Chen Ping couldn’t get out!
Soon, the sky that was originally filled with Huo Dong’s Thunder Tribulation Clouds had unexpectedly started to slowly contract at this moment!
Another thunder tribulation cloud had been suspended in mid-air at an unknown time!
A streak of golden lightning constantly flickered in the thunderjack cloud!
Although Chen Ping was only breaking through at the fourth level of the Transition Realm, the thunderbolt cloud that he had attracted was surprisingly not even the slightest bit weaker than that of Huo Dong!