Each strike of the bronze warriors carried the might of ancient prohibitions, numbing the Grand Elder’s arms as the blood-red energy in his blade momentum was relentlessly shattered by the axe blades.
Seizing an opening, Chen Ping’s Dragon-Slaying Sword flashed like a bolt of silk, slicing through the Grand Elder’s sleeve with a “pfft,” leaving a deep, bone-revealing gash on his shoulder armour.
With three against one, Chen Ping found it much easier, otherwise, facing this Grand Elder would have been quite taxing, unless he let the Red Cloud Demon Lord possess him!
But Chen Ping didn’t want too many people to know of the Red Cloud Demon Lord’s existence, after all, it was his trump card!
Saved for the final act of showing off!
On the other side of the battlefield, the Shura Guards’ slaughter had reached a fever pitch.
These dead warriors, awakened by blood essence, felt no pain, each slash carrying a ruthless intent to perish together.
A Tianyuan Pavilion elder tried to conjure a protective dharma form, but was struck by three Shura Guards simultaneously. His immortal light shield shattered like glass, and before his scream could escape, he was cleaved into pieces by the black blades.
Blood sprayed across the sky above Liuli City, and the Tianyuan Pavilion elders shifted from arrogance to terror.
In mere moments, over half of the twelve accompanying elders were dead or wounded, the few remaining fighting desperately, surrounded by layers of Shura Guard shadows.
“Retreat!”
Sensing disaster, the Tianyuan Pavilion Master slapped his jade fan against his palm, unleashing several moon-white wind blades that forced back the Shura Guards before him.
He glanced at the blood-soaked Grand Elder, a flicker of venom in his eyes, “Grand Elder, we’ve failed today, but one day, we’ll make the Shura Hall pay in blood!”
With that, he abandoned the fight, his sleeves sweeping as wind currents enveloped the remaining Tianyuan Pavilion members, transforming into streaks of light to flee.
Seeing the Tianyuan Pavilion Master escape, the Grand Elder was furious enough to curse!
“Trying to leave?”
Sang Tianyang let out a cold snort, the Shura jade pendant at his chest erupting in golden light once more, dozens of Shura phantoms flying out, instantly weaving a vast net in the void.
Sang Tianyang let out a cold snort, the Shura jade pendant at his chest erupting in golden light once more, dozens of Shura phantoms flying out, instantly weaving a vast net in the void.
The Tianyuan Pavilion Master crashed into the net, as if hitting a solid rock wall, grunting as he spat out a mouthful of blood.
But as the Pavilion Master, he forcibly burned his immortal power to tear a hole in the net’s corner, escaping with his battered remnants, leaving behind a vicious threat, “Sang Tianyang, Chen Ping! Tianyuan Pavilion will remember today’s score!”
With the Tianyuan Pavilion members gone, the battlefield was left with only Chen Ping, Sang Tianyang and his daughter, and the Grand Elder, cornered by the two warrior statues.
The Grand Elder’s blade was broken in two, a half-broken sword lodged in his chest, blood soaking his robe, yet he held his head high, his eyes showing no trace of fear.
“Kill me!”
He glared at Chen Ping, “I may have lost today, but I have no regrets! For Sang Qi’s vengeance, if there’s an afterlife, I’ll make you pay a thousandfold!”
Chen Ping sheathed his Dragon-Slaying Sword and walked up to him, his expression complex.
He could understand the Grand Elder’s grief over his son’s loss, but he couldn’t forgive his frenzied killing.
“Your fate isn’t mine to decide.” He turned to Sang Tianyang, “Hall Master, this man is a traitor to the Shura Hall, you should deal with him…”
Sang Tianyang looked at the haggard Grand Elder, silent for a long time.
Once brothers, now bitter enemies, today’s bloody battle had added streaks of white to his temples.
He waved off the Shura Guards, their black shadows dissolving into light specks that sank into the ground, though the stench of blood lingered in the air.
“Grand Elder,” Sang Tianyang’s voice carried exhaustion, “we were once of the same sect, I won’t kill you, but from today, you are no longer part of the Shura Hall, and you will never be welcomed back.”
The Grand Elder froze, then let out a bitter laugh, “Expelled? Haha… fine, expelled! I’ve lost my son, lost everything, what does the Shura Hall’s name mean to me!”
He yanked the blade from his chest, blood gushing freely, yet he stood tall, walking out of Liuli City step by step, his silhouette starkly lonely against the setting sun.