However, during these three days, that old man who had spoken to Chen Ping had been nonchalant and seemed to be a little defensive towards Chen Ping!
Especially when the girl with the scented pouch got close to Chen Ping, that old man would appear to stop it.
Although Chen Ping did not know what it meant, he did not care too much!
After all, he didn’t have anything in mind for that girl, it was just a misunderstanding!
Chen Ping planned to get through today and then follow Ji Yun to leave, and then pick up Fire Phoenix through the Central Region before heading to the Green Ox Peak’s Weapon Refining Sect to have a look around!
By then, after restoring the Dragon Chopping Sword and letting the sword spirit Zhong Li free, he could go back to the Jade Cauldron Sect to see Gao Qilan, Yu Jia Meng and the rest of them, as well as meet Yi He.
After all, after leaving for such a long time, when he was in the Western Region, he had met Liu Ruyan, but none of the other girls had been seen yet!
Especially Gao Qilan, who hadn’t been with Chen Ping for a long time before she parted ways, and she hadn’t seen them again until now!
Chen Ping planned to follow a few of the girls to meet them after returning to the Northern Region this time, and by the way, Gao Qilan would also go back to the Gao Family to meet her relatives!
Chen Ping could also inquire about Su Yuqi’s news in the meantime, Su Yuqi had disappeared in the Far North Land and had never heard from her, Chen Ping was always worried!
However, the northern region is the headquarters of the Demon Sealing Alliance, Chen Ping wants to move in the northern region, must be very careful to hide his movements!
Just as Chen Ping was thinking about what he was going to do subsequently, suddenly the door of the room was pushed open.
Who would come here this late at night?
Chen Ping got up and grabbed towards the visitor as soon as he could!
“Mr Chen, it’s me ……”
Just when Chen Ping was about to grab the other person, the other person spoke!
When Chen Ping heard it, it was none other than the girl with the balm!
“What are you doing in my room in the middle of the night? Aren’t you afraid of making people misunderstand?”
Chen Ping asked with some surprise!
“Mr Chen, can I ask you why you are looking for Miss Ah Zhu from the Western Region?”
The girl asked!
Chen Ping was stunned, then he sized up the girl, “Could it be that you are the Ah Zhu girl from the Western Region?”
The girl nodded, “Not bad, I am that Ah Zhu girl, my name is Zhu Qing Yue, in the western region they all call me Ah Zhu.”
“I wonder why Mr Chen is looking for me?”
Once Chen Ping heard this, then he said truthfully, “It was Xiao Feng, the imperial son of Xiao Dynasty, who asked me to look for you, he couldn’t find you in the Western Region, so he asked me.”
“Ah Feng?”When Zhu Qingyue heard this, her eyes were filled with surprise: “How is he? I heard that he’s sick, very sick ……”
“Miss Zhu don’t worry, Emperor Xiao is already fine, he was just sick from lovesickness, he’s fine now.”
“And Emperor Xiao has also agreed to your affair, promising to stop caring and allow you to be together ……”
Chen Ping said!
“Really?”Zhu Qingyue’s face was full of excitement, excitedly stepping forward and grabbing Chen Ping’s arm, “Then Mr Chen, can you take me to the Western Region? Take me to Xiao Dynasty to find Ah Feng ……”
“Of course I can, since I promised Emperor Xiao, I will definitely bring you there.”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said!
“No way!”Just as Chen Ping had just agreed, suddenly a person barged in outside the door, the very same old man who had been protecting Zhu Qing Yue.
“Miss, we were ordered to bring you back, so many people died along the way, you and I almost became the souls of the Blood and Bone Sect’s knives, could you be so heartless as to return to the Western Region again?”
The old man’s face was sad and angry, with tears in his eyes!
“Uncle Liu, I …………”
Zhu Qing Yue looked at the old man with that look and was also instantly sad!
“Missy, if you have to return to the Western Region, then kill the old man, as long as I don’t die, I will never let you in return to the Western Region.”
“I promised the old master that I will find you and bring you back no matter what ……”
The old man’s eyes were firm, carrying an undeniable look!