Mo Qingyun’s gaze was icy as she stepped protectively in front of Chen Ping, only to be gently pushed aside by him.
The Seventh Hall Master’s eyes landed on Chen Ping, a flicker of surprise crossing his face, he hadn’t expected Chen Ping to be so young!
“You’re Chen Ping?” the Seventh Hall Master asked.
“Indeed,” Chen Ping nodded, “And who might you be?”
“Divine Hall, Seventh Hall Master, I’ve come to meet you today,” the Seventh Hall Master replied.
Chen Ping looked up at him, showing no trace of fear, instead a faint, almost mocking smile curved his lips, “I’m truly honoured that the Seventh Hall Master would come to meet me.”
His tone was light, even carrying a hint of jest, causing the Seventh Hall Master’s pupils to narrow slightly.
Despite Chen Ping’s unsteady aura, there was a seasoned weight to him, forged through life-and-death trials, his composed demeanour far from that of an ordinary cultivator.
“Are you injured?” the Seventh Hall Master asked.
Chen Ping nodded without concealment, “Just killed a few cultivators from the Third Heaven, a few fools who crossed me.”
The Seventh Hall Master froze, then sneered, “Are you just boasting? Third Heaven cultivators, all above the seventh rank of the Loose Immortal Realm, and you think you could kill them?”
To the Seventh Hall Master, Chen Ping, a mere fourth-rank Loose Immortal, couldn’t possibly have slain several Third Heaven cultivators!
It was clearly just bravado to make him wary!
“Boasting?”
Chen Ping chuckled softly, taking two steps forward, his remaining spiritual energy erupting suddenly, though not at its peak, it carried a sharp killing intent, “All I know is, those who block my path deserve to die.”
“Seventh Hall Master, are you here today to test my blade, or to hear me reason?”
His words were as sharp as a blade, and for a moment, the Seventh Hall Master was shaken by his presence, secretly wondering, This Chen Ping’s aura is weakened, yet his gaze is so ferocious, does he have some hidden trump card?
“I was sent by the Fourth Hall Master to see what kind of person could make the Eighth Hall betray the Divine Hall,” the Seventh Hall Master said.
“Now that you’ve seen me, can you leave?” Chen Ping asked.
“Leave?” The Seventh Hall Master’s lips curled, “If I don’t, what can you do, kill me?”
His eyes were filled with mockery and disdain!
Even if Chen Ping had some hidden card, a mere fourth-rank Loose Immortal was no threat!
“Is killing you that difficult?”
Chen Ping gave a cold smile, suddenly raising his hand, three blood-drenched heads flew from his storage ring, rolling to a stop at the Seventh Hall Master’s feet.
The heads’ eyes were wide open, frozen in expressions of terror, they were unmistakably three renowned ninth-rank Loose Immortal experts from the Third Heaven!
The Seventh Hall Master looked down, his pupils contracting sharply, his body trembling as his voice quavered, “This… This is the ‘Mystic Sage’ of the Tianyan Sect! And the ‘Mountain-Cleaving’ Barbarian King of the Ancient Wild Clan! And… the ‘Enchanting Heart’ Lady of the Blood Shadow Palace!”
“How… How could they have died by your hand?”
These three were infamous in the Third Heaven, ninth-rank Loose Immortals, together they’d be more than a match for him, yet Chen Ping had beheaded them!
Chen Ping wiped the blood from his lips, his tone calm but carrying immense weight, “They tried to kill me, so I killed them, Seventh Hall Master, how do you compare to them?”
The Seventh Hall Master felt a chill run from his feet to his head as he met Chen Ping’s unmasked killing intent and recalled the fate of those three.
Though he was at the peak of the Loose Immortal Realm, facing Chen Ping, who had slain three ninth-rank Loose Immortals, he had no confidence left.
“You…”
He stumbled back a step, forcing composure, “Fine, what a Chen Ping! I’ll report this to the Divine Hall exactly as it happened!”
With that, he dared not linger, transforming into a streak of light and fleeing the Eighth Hall in a panic.
Seeing the Seventh Hall Master bluffed into leaving, Chen Ping let out a sigh of relief, only to suddenly cough up a mouthful of blood!