“I accompanied my friend over to do some business ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Chen Ping, this is your friend?” Hu Pazi, who was at the side, asked.
“Right!” Chen Ping nodded, then followed Bai Zhantang and Shen Mengchen and introduced, “This is Grandmaster Hu!”
“Hello Master Hu ……”
“Hello Master Hu ……”
Bai Zhantang and Shen Mengchen both greeted towards Pocky Hu!
Pocky Hu nodded slightly, and then his eyes looked straight at Shen Mengchen’s stomach!
This kind of look, the Shen Mengchen look a little shy, and that Bai Zhantang is a slight change of face, frowned.
If not Chen Ping in, it is estimated that Bai Zhan Tang to Hu Ma Zi hands.
This straight look at someone’s daughter-in-law, not to do it is strange!
“Master Hu, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping pushed Pocky Hu!
Hu Pocky then said with a grave face: “This lady, can you know that you are pregnant with twins?”
Shen Mengchen nodded: “Yes, I know, I’ve already had a checkup!”
“This twin of yours, one of them is affected by the evil spirit, it is estimated that it is difficult to keep.”
Hu Pazi frowned, a gloomy face said.
“What?” Shen Mengchen was shocked!
And Bai Zhantang on the side said with a cold face, “Master Hu, what do you mean by that?”
As soon as he opened his mouth, he said that he couldn’t keep his child, Bai Zhantang was instantly a little anxious!
Chen Ping waved his hand towards Bai Zhan Tang, indicating that Bai Zhan Tang should stop talking, and then said to Pocky Hu: “Master Hu, is there a way to crack it?”
Chen Ping knows this Hu Pazi’s skills, although the strength is not high, but in exploring the tomb to find the cave, drawing talismans to ward off evil, I’m afraid that few people can match!
“I can only draw a talisman now, let this lady wear it every day, in addition to more nutrition, it is expected to be fine!”
Hu Pazi said, took out the yellow paper with him, and quickly drew a talisman.
Then folded the incantation, put it into a delicate incense bag and handed it to Shen Mengchen!
Shen Mengchen stunned, do not know what to do, and do not know whether they should accept this incense bag, so looked at Bai Zhan Tang!
“Listen to Master Hu, Master Hu will not talk nonsense!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Seeing Chen Ping say this, Bai Zhan Tang then hurriedly took the incense bag and thanked Pocky Hu repeatedly!
After several hours of flight, the plane landed smoothly in White Sea City!
After getting off the plane, Shen Mengchen and Bai Zhantang invited Chen Ping to go to Shen’s house and witness their wedding by the way.
Chen Ping also did not refuse, the search for the ancient relics of the Heavenly Rune Sect, also not overnight, there is no telling how much time it will take, so staying at Shen’s house, is not impossible!
A few people at the exit waiting for the Shen family to send a car to pick up, but for a full half an hour, but no car came!
“What is cousin uncle doing here? It was clearly agreed what time to arrive.”
Shen Mengchen frowned slightly, her face was full of displeasure!
Letting Chen Ping and the others follow and wait here, Shen Mengchen was very embarra*sed.
“Why don’t we take a taxi back, don’t wait ……”
Bai Zhantang a*sisted Shen Mengchen, so stopped a car!
Then several people took a car to the Shen family!
At this time, the Shen family’s mansion, obviously much larger than a year ago, but also a lot of grandeur.
After the death of Shen Dianshan, Shen Mengchen a girl began to manage the entire Shen family!
In addition to the Xuan Yue Valley has also become the Shen family’s industry, so this year, the Shen family’s status in the White Sea City continues to climb!
Especially the Xuan Yue Valley’s resort, which also brought a lot of revenue to the Shen family!
“Mengchen, you guys are back, just now I said I’d let the driver pick it up ……”
At this moment, a middle-aged man with a slim figure and some sharp lips walked over and said to Shen Mengchen.
“Cousin uncle, I did not give you a good time in advance? How come there’s still a delay?”
Shen Mengchen frowned, obviously a little unhappy.