Chen Ping led the three of them slowly into the Devil Swallowing Cave, a dozen metres into the Devil Swallowing Cave, and sure enough, the stone walls were engraved with a series of formations!
This should be where the formation that created the huge suction force was located!
A few people all converged their breath and carefully passed through the formation, and now the cave was pitch black!
Chen Ping stretched out his hand and a spirit fire burned up, illuminating the cave!
Looking around the cave, apart from the engraved formation at the entrance, the stone walls elsewhere were all covered in moss and had a damp smell!
At a glance, it was just an ordinary cave, there was nothing special about it!
However, Chen Ping did not take it lightly, but carefully walked forward!
Jiang Yulian and the others followed behind!
This was the Devil Swallowing Cave, and no one knew what would appear inside, so everyone was nervous!
After walking for some distance, Chen Ping saw man-made engraved formations on the stone walls!
He knew that this was another formation that had appeared!
Chen Ping hurriedly extinguished the spirit fire in his hand and told the crowd to collect their breath once again, holding their breaths as they walked through!
In this manner, they kept going through three formations, which led them to the depths of the cave!
Right now in the depths of the cave, the stone walls were all densely packed with strange marks!
There were more than a dozen corpses lying on the ground, and on the other side of the cave, there were a large number of white bones piled up, not only human white bones, but many were animal bones as well!
Chen Ping struck a to fire, illuminating the entire cave!
“Senior brother …………”
Seeing those corpses on the ground, Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian instantly shrieked!
It turned out that those corpses were those disciples of the Soul Demon Sect who had been sucked in!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was attracted by those marks on the stone wall!
He looked carefully and realised that these marks, which had a regular pattern, were actually a gongfu, and it was also a devil cultivation gongfu!
Chen Ping’s body also possessed a demonic aura, so he was also able to read these techniques!
Just as Chen Ping was surprised at what kind of person had left so many Devil Feats deep within this cave, he suddenly heard Ochre Yan calling out to him loudly!
“Mr Chen, come and see, come and see ……”
Ochre Yan’s loud shout directly drew Chen Ping over!
“What’s wrong?” Chen Ping asked!
“Mr Chen, look at this corpse, is it that Ning Family’s family head, Ning Cai Shen?”
Ochre Yan asked as he pointed at a corpse!
Chen Ping took a look and realised that it was indeed Ning Caichen’s corpse!
Chen Ping reached out and probed, and found that Ning Caichen had long since died, the aura within his body had disappeared, and even the death aura that had gathered after his death had been swept away!
“How did he appear here? What person killed him?”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Caichen’s corpse, and his entire body fell into silence!
Although Ning Caichen did not have much of a friendship with Chen Ping, and for the matter of that Breath Mimicking Grand Technique, Chen Ping also had a beef with the Ning Family!
However, seeing Ning Caichen suddenly die a tragic death in this Devil Swallowing Cave, Chen Ping still had some bad feelings!
He couldn’t understand why Ning Caichen had appeared here.
Where was that old ancestor of the Ning Family?
All sorts of questions plagued Chen Ping, he really could not figure out why Ning Caichen appeared here!
Could it be that Ning Caichen did not return to the Northern Region after coming out of the Divine Demon Battlefield, and came to the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, near the Demon Swallowing Cave to do something?
Chen Ping could not have imagined that Qi Peijia would follow the Ning family to collaborate!
“Mr Chen, don’t you have a time magic weapon that can go back in time, wouldn’t you know with that time magic weapon to take a look and see, what exactly happened here!”
Ochre Yan reminded Chen Ping!
After Chen Ping heard this, he nodded and then took out that clock!
Accompanied by a spiritual force that was struck into the clock, light emanated from the clock, and immediately after that, the hands actually began to move!
It was as if Chen Ping’s divine sense had entered the river of time before being carried away by a whirlpool!
But just as Chen Ping felt his divine sense moving backwards in the long river of time, a golden light suddenly flashed up!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping opened his eyes and realised that he was still in the middle of the cave, and the clock in his hand was still the same as it had just been!