It’s possible that the two were first loves who separated due to various circumstances!
Hua Yueying’s mother could never forget him, which led to inner demons and ultimately her death during cultivation due to backlash!
Chen Ping had seen too many of these clichéd plots back in the secular world!
It’s even possible that Hua Yueying is the North Domain Lord’s daughter!
As Chen Ping’s thoughts ran wild, the North Domain Lord indeed extracted a drop of his essence blood and gently applied it to Hua Yueying’s forehead.
A red light flashed, and the essence blood was absorbed by Hua Yueying!
“My daughter… you are my daughter…”
The North Domain Lord hugged Hua Yueying tightly, tears streaming down his face.
Hua Yueying was completely stunned. She had never met her father and had no idea who he was.
But now that the essence blood had been absorbed, she knew that the North Domain Lord was her father.
“What’s going on? What’s happening?”
Hua Yueying asked, utterly confused.
“It’s a long story. I’ll explain it to you later.”
“Now, tell me, who bullied you?”
The North Domain Lord asked Hua Yueying.
“It’s him…” Hua Yueying pointed at the Tenth Hall Master.
The Tenth Hall Master swallowed hard, wanting to curse. It was clearly them who had come to his doorstep to bully him, and now they were making it seem like he was the aggressor!
The North Domain Lord coldly stared at the Tenth Hall Master, frowning slightly. “A member of the Divine Clan?”
“That’s right. We are from the Divine Hall,” the Tenth Hall Master nodded.
The North Domain Lord turned to Hua Yueying. “Child, how did you end up provoking the Divine Hall of the Divine Clan?”
“They wanted to kill Mr. Chen, so I stepped in to help!”
Hua Yueying pointed at Chen Ping.
“That kid who was holding you?”
The North Domain Lord looked at Chen Ping, scrutinizing him carefully.
After a moment, the North Domain Lord suddenly smiled. “My daughter has good taste. Although this kid’s cultivation level isn’t impressive, he has strength and connections. If I’m not mistaken, the person who scared off the West Domain Lord is your backer, right?”
Chen Ping was startled, then awkwardly replied, “How does the senior know about that?”
Back then, Mr. Shi had scared off the West Domain Lord with just a glance, but not many people knew about it, and the North Domain Lord wasn’t present.
“Of course I know. The West Domain Lord was so scared he wet himself all the way back. I saw his sorry state,” the North Domain Lord chuckled. “But if you have such a powerful backer, why are you still being chased?”
“Having a backer doesn’t mean I can always rely on him. Mr. Shi wants me to gain more experience on my own, or else I won’t grow.”
Chen Ping explained.
“Good, you have ambition. My daughter didn’t choose the wrong person!” The North Domain Lord nodded, clearly satisfied.
Then he turned to the Tenth Hall Master. “Will you kill yourself, or shall I do it?”
“I’m from the Divine Hall. You’re just a Domain Lord. Aren’t you afraid of the Divine Hall?”
The Tenth Hall Master frowned as he asked.
“I am afraid!” the North Domain Lord said.
“If you’re afraid, how dare you attack me?” The Tenth Hall Master was puzzled.
“I’m afraid of the Divine Hall, but not you. You’re just the lowest-ranking Tenth Hall Master. Don’t think too highly of yourself!”
“If I kill you, the Divine Hall might not even come after me. They’ll probably just appoint a new Tenth Hall Master.”
“Besides, with the Heavenly Barrier covering the Celestial Realm, can the powerful figures from the Divine Hall even come here?”
The North Domain Lord snorted coldly.
As soon as he finished speaking, he raised his right hand, and a terrifying pressure surged toward the Tenth Hall Master.
*Boom!*
The Tenth Hall Master’s eyes widened in shock. He tried to raise his hand to counterattack, but he found that the space around him had frozen, trapping him in place.
At this moment, panic flashed across the Tenth Hall Master’s face.
Seeing this, Chen Ping didn’t hesitate. He swung the Dragon-Slaying Sword and charged forward!
He wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to cripple the Tenth Hall Master. Although he had promised Yun Li not to kill the Tenth Hall Master, he hadn’t said anything about not crippling him!
As long as the Tenth Hall Master was crippled, he would no longer pose any threat.
Seeing Chen Ping charging at him, the Tenth Hall Master’s pupils contracted. With a furious roar, a terrifying surge of energy erupted from his body, shattering the frozen space around him!