Seeing Chen Ping easily break the formation, Sheng Jiahui’s heart also relaxed quite a bit!
“Bai Shallow, I’ll leave these guys to you, but this old thing stays alive and is still useful!”
Chen Ping glanced at Bai Shao and said!
“Don’t worry, promise to complete the task ……”
The corner of Bai Shao’s mouth lifted!
The seventh rank of the Transition Realm was still very easy for her to exterminate these Sheng family members!
All of them were only at the fifth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm, so what could they do even if they joined forces!
The Second Elder’s eyes narrowed slightly when he saw Bai Shallow leap forward!
“If we join hands, what can we do even if it’s the seventh rank of the Transitional Apparition realm ……”
The second elder shouted!
Bai Shao looked at the several people in front of her and coldly snorted “I’m the most ruthless in my life you people who are eating out of their pockets, letting you die under the divine whip of your aunt today is also considered to be your destiny ……”
Bai Shao suddenly lashed down with a whip, and a flash of light instantly flashed up!
Brush!
This whip was as fast as lightning, emitting a crisp sound!
The Second Elder and the others only felt a flash before their eyes, they didn’t react at all, Bai Shallow’s whip had already arrived!
As this whip went down, all four of those cultivators screamed miserably as the skin on their bodies instantly split open!
Everyone was a blur of blood!
It was clear that Bai Shallow had only lashed one whip, but these people were like they had been tortured and beaten with countless lashes!
The intense pain caused the four men to continuously roll on the ground!
That miserable look made the Second Elder shiver!
Bai Shao, on the other hand, smiled coldly as the whip in her hand was once again drawn out!
Splat!
There was another crunching sound!
The four screaming cultivators, all of them stopped screaming in an instant, and one by one, their eyes were wide open, already dead!
Sheng Jiahui, who saw this scene, seemed to be somewhat unable to bear it.
“Miss Sheng, these people who have already betrayed, don’t be pitiful, they will only bring your Sheng Family to ruin!”
Chen Ping persuaded Sheng Jiahui!
Sheng Jiahui nodded, she herself knew that in this situation now, the only way to deter the rest of the Sheng family from following Sheng Tiantai and messing things up was to use a thunderbolt, then Sheng Tiantai alone wouldn’t be able to turn any waves!
“Do you still want to try your hand?”
Bai Shao asked as she glanced at that Second Elder!
The second elder was dumbfounded, this wasn’t what he expected, originally he wanted to fool these four people into dragging Bai Shao down, then he could escape to call for help!
But he didn’t expect that the moment Bai Shallow struck, the four people didn’t even have the ability to fight back!
The Second Elder stopped speaking and slowly lowered his head!
Seeing this, Sheng Jiahui then took two steps forward and said “Second Elder, where are my father and brother being held, you take me to release them.”
“You’ve also been with my father for so many years, why are you helping my second uncle with this kind of thing?”
“Do you know how much damage our Sheng family has suffered from your plotting?”
“It’s not too late for you to turn back now, I will persuade father and spare your life.”
Sheng Jiahui persuaded the Second Elder!
Sheng Jiahui didn’t want to continue killing each other like this, or else the strength of the Sheng family would be greatly reduced!
The second elder slowly raised his head after hearing Sheng Jiahui’s words, but there was no remorse in his eyes, instead there was a bit of ice coldness, “If we let your father continue as the head of the family, do you think that there is still a future for our Sheng family?”
“I’m telling you, the second master took over the position of the family head, has followed the sealing devil alliance contact, Sheng family will soon become the rudder of the sealing devil alliance.”
“Becoming a rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, the Sheng family will have inexhaustible resources, as well as status and position, even if they walk in the entire Celestial Realm, who would dare not give face to the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“But your father has repeatedly refused the co-operation of the Demon Sealing Alliance, if we want the Sheng Family to develop and grow, we can only do this!”
The second elder didn’t have the slightest bit of remorse, he felt that he was doing the right thing for the development of the Sheng family!