At this moment, on top of the bell tower, Yao Sheng Hui waved his hand towards the crowd, then looked towards the golden bell hammer placed on the side, then he sank his Qi into his dantian and let out a loud shout, the spiritual energy on his body instantly exploded out!
Only to see Yao Sheng Hui struggling to pick up the bell hammer, seeing Yao Sheng Hui picking up the bell hammer with such effort, Chen Ping was puzzled!
“Could it be that there is also a formation on top of this bell hammer?”
Chen Ping asked Hou Zhen.
However, Hou Zhen did not say anything, but it was Lv Factory who said, “There is no formation on this bell hammer, but don’t look at this bell hammer, I heard that it is made of heavenly flying stones and weighs tens of thousands of jin, so I reckon that you don’t even have the qualifications to pick it up.”
When Chen Ping heard this, he couldn’t help but be surprised, such a small copper hammer, even weighed tens of thousands of jin, if this was used as a weapon, it would definitely be a superior weapon!
Chen Ping did not say anything, but concentrated on Yao Sheng Hui above the bell tower.
Only to see Yao Shenghui’s whole body’s breath rising, riveting his strength, followed by striking the bell hammer in his hand fiercely on the dragon pattern bell!
Buzz …………
The sound of the bell lightly trembled, and immediately after that, a bell sound that swept the heart and mind came out, enveloping the entire square!
Everyone seemed to be intoxicated as they listened to the melodious bell sound!
And along with the sound of the bell, a dragon pattern on the dragon pattern bell instantly flashed with golden light.
A dragon’s roar rang out, and immediately after that, a golden dragon unexpectedly rose directly from the dragon pattern bell into the air, and immediately after that, it continuously soared around the bell tower!
The crowd looked at the golden dragon soaring in mid-air, and each of them showed great excitement!
“It’s been years since I’ve seen a golden dragon take off ……”
“That’s not true, ever since this Secret Realm Conference closed, no one has been ringing the Dragon Tattoo Bell.”
“This Yao Shenghui is still as strong as ever ah ……”
The crowd murmured.
And right in the middle of the crowd’s murmurs, they saw Yao Sheng Hui once again struggling to raise the bell hammer, such a move instantly caused everyone to close their mouths and look at Yao Sheng Hui in surprise!
Right in the middle of the crowd’s astonished eyes, Yao ShengHui once again swung out the bell hammer and struck the dragon pattern bell!
Along with a melodious bell sound, another golden dragon rose up into the air!
The two golden dragons kept soaring around the bell tower, the scene was very spectacular!
At this point, Yao Shenghui could no longer hold on and put back the bell hammer in his hand, but being able to ring the dragon tattoo bell twice, this was considered the highest strength among the younger generation of cultivators in the eight secret realms!
“Heavens, I really didn’t expect Yao Shenghui’s strength to be able to ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell twice now, it’s too awesome ……”
Someone exclaimed!
The two golden dragons circled in mid-air for a few moments before finally turning into a golden light and returning back to the Dragon Tattoo Bell.
At this moment, Yao Shenghui, with the joy of a victor on his face, leapt down from the top of that bell tower!
Just as soon as Yao Sheng Hui landed on the ground, quite a few people directly rushed up, following Yao Sheng Hui with greetings, wanting to fawn over this proud son of heaven from the Eight Great Mysterious Realms!
“It’s not just knocking twice, why are these people following the world, it seems that there’s no difference between the eight secret realms and the secular world!”
Looking at the crowd’s bashful look towards Yao Shenghui, Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
Only, these words were heard by Yao Shenghui who happened to pass by!
Yao Shenghui froze, then stopped and turned his gaze towards Chen Ping!
“What kind of person are you? Which secret realm?”
Yao Shenghui asked to Chen Ping.
“Sir Yao, this is from our Fire Gate Secret Realm, the Ge Family!”
Ge Yu Han did not wait for Chen Ping to speak and hurriedly introduced him!
“The Ge Family of the Fire Gate Mysterious Realm?”Yao Shenghui frowned slightly, “I haven’t heard that the Ge Family has produced any geniuses, why are they talking so loudly?”
“Just now I also heard what secular world, when did the secular world deserve to follow our secret realm for comparison?”