Chen Ping followed Daoist Wuji together, then it proved that Chen Ping followed Daoist Wuji with a relationship, Song Tian Hai had seen Daoist Wuji’s ability, if Daoist Wuji helped, exterminating the Demon Sealing Alliance was very possible!
“Hahaha, if Chen Ping wanted to exterminate the Demon Sealing Alliance, where would he need my help, I would have to avoid him when I see him now!”
Daoist Wuji laughed out loud!
Song Tian Hai’s mouth opened wide in obvious shock as he listened to Daoist Master Wuji’s words, not knowing what to say!
“You stay here properly for a few days first, when the Demon Sealing Alliance is destroyed, all of you here can return to the Celestial Realm!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“En!”Song Tianhai nodded heavily!
Daoist Wuji let Chen Ping and Lin Keting continue to go around the city, so he would not be the light bulb!
The city was in good order, and even though these people were all demonic cultivators, nothing chaotic had happened!
Just as Chen Ping was walking through the streets of the city, a slightly familiar back figure caught Chen Ping’s attention!
“This is???”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, and then quickly chased towards that back figure!
“Chen Ping, what are you doing?”Seeing this, Lin Keting also chased after him!
Chen Ping quickly caught up with the figure, and when he stopped the person, his expression instantly became excited!
“A …… granny?”
Chen Ping looked in front of him, at the old woman whose body was somewhat hunched over, and shouted with a trembling voice!
“Chen Ping?”The old woman was equally excited and surprised to see Chen Ping!
“Granny, I didn’t think that you were still alive, I didn’t think that you were still alive, if Yun’er knew that you were still alive, she would definitely be very happy.”
Chen Ping hugged the old woman!
This old woman was the one Chen Ping had met within the Boulder Village when he first arrived in the Celestial Realm!
Yun’er, who had saved Chen Ping’s life, was the girl that the old woman had adopted!
Although his time in Boulder Village was short, Chen Ping had never dared to forget that his life was given by Boulder Village!
He still remembered the simple villagers of Bashi Village!
Yun’er, Ah Li, Pillar …………
“Chen Ping, how …… did you come here? How is Bashi Village? How is Yun’er?”
The old woman asked excitedly to Chen Ping!
“I …………”
Chen Ping had never gone back after he left Boulder Village, so he didn’t know what was going on in Boulder Village now!
Seeing Chen Ping that way, the old woman hurriedly said, “There is an old village chief in Bashi Village, so it should be fine, it’s just that Yun’er child, without me to take care of her, I don’t know how ……”
The old woman’s eyes were filled with longing, it could be seen that she had been missing Yun’er!
“Granny, since you miss Yun’er, I will take you to her now, and in the future, you will follow Yun’er in Bashi Village and live a good life!”
Chen Ping said to the old woman!
When the old woman heard this, she then shook her head and said, “No, I can’t, my identity as a devil cultivator has been exposed, if I go to Bashi Village again, it will bring about the destruction of Bashi Village, the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance are murderers without blinking an eye!”
“Grandma, don’t worry about it, as long as I’m around, the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance won’t dare to do anything, in the future, no one in the Celestial Realm will ever bully a devil cultivator again.”
“The Demon Sealing Alliance will also cease to exist, no matter if it is the Demon Race, the Human Race or the Beast Race, they will all coexist peacefully ……”
Chen Ping followed the old woman’s assurances!
The old woman heard this, but sighed and said, “Although your idea is very good, it is simply impossible to realise, for thousands of years, people’s stigma towards demonic cultivators has been deeply rooted, is it so easy to remove.”
“There is also that Demon Sealing Alliance, simply won’t allow demon cultivators to exist, you alone, there is how can you possibly fight against that huge Demon Sealing Alliance ……”
“Granny, don’t mind, I’m sure I’ll do what I say!”Chen Ping excitedly took the old woman’s hand, then looked at Lin Keting who was at the side, “Send me out of here immediately, you tell the Taoist Master that I’m going back to the Celestial Realm to do an important thing!”
Lin Keting nodded, although she was curious to know what Chen Ping was going to do, she nevertheless did not ask!