“Gentlemen, we are also just passing by and have no intention of making a move!”
Heavenly Fury knew that he couldn’t easily provoke other forces, after all, the Patriarch had explained it!
If Heaven’s Fury didn’t make a move, the few sword-wielding cultivators didn’t make a move either!
However, Elder Left Blind followed Tian Luo but they had already fought!
Both of them were violent tempered and instantly collided together!
Rumble …………
Accompanied by deafening sounds, countless sword lights collided together, while Tian Luo was knocked back and forth!
After being forced back, Tian Luo looked at Elder Left Blind in shock, his brows slightly furrowed as he said, “You old thing, you really do have some skills ……”
Obviously, Tian Luo was not a match for that Left Blind Elder!
However, this Tian Luo is not a wimp, because he knows that there is still Heavenly Fury in, the two of them join hands, this left blind elder is definitely not an opponent, Heavenly Fury could not possibly watch himself lose!
As for that want to hold the sword cultivator, Tian Luo did not put in the eyes at all, after all, these cultivators are just the transition realm!
However, Tian Luo’s idea was a big mistake, these sword-wielding cultivators were the most terrifying!
Because they simply did not fear life and death, they had no emotions, the only thing they had was loyalty!
“You dog of the Demon Sealing Alliance, I’ll break your dog’s legs today!”
Saying that, Elder Left Blind attacked towards Tian Luo once again!
While Tian Luo parried, he shouted at Tian Sha, “Tian Sha, if you don’t make a move yet, do you want to watch me get killed?”
Sky Fury frowned slightly, glanced at the sword-wielding cultivators around him, and finally clenched his teeth as his entire body leapt up!
If he didn’t help Tian Luo, Tian Luo would definitely be defeated!
But just as Tian Luo leapt, several sword-wielding cultivators all followed along!
“All of you stay out of this, I’m going to fight these two Demon Sealing Alliance dogs alone today!”
Elder Left Blind surprisingly blocked the help of those sword-wielding cultivators!
With Elder Left Blind’s order, those sword-wielding cultivators instantly stopped their forms and watched quietly from the sidelines!
Heavenly Fury and Heavenly Luo, on the other hand, started attacking towards Elder Left Blind with one on the left and one on the right!
Two against one, Elder Left Blind was clearly a bit outmatched, and was shaken by a sword light that caused him to retreat back and forth!
“Two little calves, they still have some skills, but I’m not afraid of your blind grandpa!”
Although the left blind elder was at a disadvantage, he was not a wimp at all, he only saw the long sword in his hand emitting white light, and chopped towards Tian Luo and Tian Shi!
When Tian Luo and Tian Shi saw that this Left Blind Elder was clearly undefeated and even dared to take the initiative to attack, both of them furrowed their brows!
They had come here to capture that Chen Ping, and in the meantime to explore the matter of the relics, but who knew that they would encounter an old lunatic who had to be pestered to death!
Heavenly Luo and Heavenly Fury both came to be angry as well, and then the three of them mixed and fought together!
The void trembled, sword light flew, and the entire sky above Germanium Lu Mountain was shrouded in sword light!
Although that Left Blind Elder’s strength was very strong, but after all, one against two, it wouldn’t last long!
“The two of you bullying an old man like me, so damn shameless ……”
Although the left blind elder had fallen into a disadvantage, his mouth was unforgiving!
“You old man, weren’t you so mad that you were going to beat the two of us all by yourself? Now how come you’re talking about bullying?”
Tian Luo mocked Elder Left Blind with a sneer on his face!
“I don’t want to fight with you guys like this now!”After Elder Left Blind finished speaking, he ordered the several sword-wielding cultivators, “Don’t you guys watch either, give me a shot and make sure to kill these two little brats!”
The several sword-wielding cultivators who received the order instantly leapt up and surrounded Tian Luo and Tian Shi!
“Old thing, a few small cultivators of the Ferrying Realm are just a few, did you send them here to die?”
Tian Luo was not afraid of those sword-wielding cultivators in the slightest!
The corner of Elder Left Blind’s mouth lifted, “Ignorant little child, you will know the power of these Transitional Succession Realm cultivators later.”
After saying that, he directly swung his sword and the several sword-wielding cultivators also rushed up!
At this moment, that day Luo’s face instantly changed, because he realised that the attacks launched by these several sword-wielding cultivators had an incomparable tacit understanding, and the power that erupted was not inferior to that of the Mahayana realm in the slightest!
The melee began once again ……