Broken Bone Cliff!
The crowd stood on the edge of the cliff, looking at the bottomless cliff, their hearts were all in the right place to die!
Wasn’t it said that this was a broken cliff squeezed out where the two continents were spliced together?
How could there be such a big difference?
As far as the naked eye could see, it was pitch black, and nothing could be seen!
The entire continent seemed to have been cut off straight here!
The darkness ahead was as if it was the end!
“How can …… this go down? It’s also too deep ……”
Someone complained helplessly.
Now everyone has been suppressed strength, just an ordinary person, who dares to jump down directly ah, not to be broken into pieces ah!
Not to mention what’s down there, no one knows, it’s an unknown area!
“I can bring you guys down!”
At this time, that thunder beast spoke.
Everyone here had their strength suppressed, only the Thunder Beast was not suppressed!
“That’s great, then please take us down ……”
That old man among the cultivators said!
“But bringing so many people down will be a great drain on myself, so ……”
The Thunder Beast frowned slightly.
“Don’t worry, we definitely won’t treat you badly, when we find the treasures, we’ll share some of them with you.”
That old man understood what the Thunder Beast meant and hurriedly said!
The other cultivators also nodded in agreement!
If they didn’t let the Thunder Beast send them down, they would only be blocked here!
“Treasures are of no use to me, but if you guys have spirit stones, you can give me some to replenish my strength.”
The thunder beast said directly!
Obviously, this Thunder Beast was asking for spirit stones before sending the crowd down.
Upon hearing that it wanted spirit stones, the crowd of cultivators all froze for a moment, then looked at each other!
After all, dividing the treasures, those are all big cakes, unknown promises are the least valuable!
But to ask for spirit stones, that’s the real thing to pay out.
Seeing that everyone was hesitating, the thunder beast then said, “I’m not forcing it, you guys don’t want to go down, just pretend I didn’t say anything.”
“Okay, I’ll shell out ……”
Some cultivators decided to take spirit stones in exchange for their chance to go down!
In the end, some were willing to shell out spirit stones, some were not, and only half of them shelled out spirit stones intending to go down to find out what was going on!
Chen Ping and Lin Keting were also prepared to take spirit stones, but the thunder beast refused.
“The two Fellow Daoists don’t need to take them, we’ll go down here!”
After the Thunder Beast finished speaking, its twin hammers gently touched!
Boom!
The heavens and earth trembled for a while, then a thunderbolt came blasting in, this thunderbolt transformed into a ball of light in mid-air before enveloping Chen Ping and the others!
The thunder beast controlled the ball of light and then slowly descended towards the bottom of the cliff, its speed controlled very slowly!
After all, Chen Ping and the others were all ordinary people at the moment, if there were some discrepancies, they would definitely not survive.
Slowly, the crowd was engulfed in darkness, because there was no more divine sense, so the situation around them could not be seen with just the naked eye!
In this darkness, many people began to look alarmed and their breathing became rapid!
Even Lin Ke Ting was gripping the life preserving jade pendant in her hand for dear life, her expression tense!
“Miss Lin, there is no need to be nervous, it will be fine.”
Chen Pingxin comforted!
While comforting Lin Keting, Chen Ping himself had a grave expression on his face as he always felt some uneasiness!
This uneasiness was the kind of feeling that danger was coming!
Chen Ping could only clench his fists tightly, his entire body’s strength concentrated on them!
While everyone else was also looking grave, there were others who were secretly praying!
In the darkness, they were like lambs to the slaughter!
Rumble ……
Suddenly a thunderbolt flashed, and there was a glimmer of light in the darkness!
The crowd also took advantage of this light and finally saw the situation below the Broken Bone Cliff, a snowy white piece, it wasn’t snow, but rather, it was sen sen white bones!
A thick Yin Fiendish Qi was constantly surging from below!