Huo Yuan Ting was silent as he didn’t know how to follow Gu Tian Chao’s words!
After all, Gu Tianzhao was not a disciple of the Violet Flame Sect, and as these were the secrets of the Violet Flame Sect, Huo Yuan Ting didn’t want outsiders to learn about them!
If someone took advantage of the infighting in the Violet Flame Sect and suddenly snapped, then the Violet Flame Sect would be in danger!
Huo Yuan Ting didn’t want to see the Purple Flame Sect fall!
Seeing that Huo Yuan Ting didn’t say anything, Gu Tian Chao then smiled and said, “Sect Master Huo, no matter what the reason is, I don’t want to know about it, except that I’m helping you to open the Divine Volcano, and this fee can’t be less!”
“Don’t worry Elder Gu, no matter if it’s spirit coins or resources, Elder Gu feel free to mention it, I will definitely fulfil it.”
Huo Yuanting assured!
“Alright then, show me ……”
Gu Tianzhao nodded!
Huo Yuanting then led Gu Tianzhao towards the depths of the sect!
It was only when he arrived at the deepest part of the sect, at a huge disc, that Huo Yuanting stopped!
There were various formation patterns flickering on top of the disc, and there were also five statues of demonic beasts that stood around this disc!
“Elder Gu, this is the array disc that opens the Divine Volcano, but only our Elder Cui, is able to open the array disc and open the Divine Volcano.”
“Now I’ll also ask Elder Gu to see if he can help open it?”
Huo Yuanting respectfully asked Gu Tianzhao!
Gu Tianzhao swept a glance at the huge array disc, then with a wave of his palm, the runes on the array disc were all mapped into mid-air!
Looking at the disorganised and unstructured array patterns, Huo Yuan Ting and the rest of them, who didn’t know anything about formations, looked confused!
“It’s not difficult to open the array disc, it only takes two or three days.”
Gu Tianzhao said with confidence after looking at it carefully!
“Good, if Elder Gu needs anything, just mention it to me!”
Upon hearing that Gu Tianzhao could open it, Huo Yuanting was instantly excited!
“During the few days I’m cracking it, no one is allowed to disturb it, or else the previous effort will be lost not to mention that I’ll suffer a backlash as well.”
Gu Tianzhao admonished!
“Don’t worry Elder Gu, no one will ever disturb!” Huo Yuanting assured!
He then looked at Huo Dong who was on the side and said, “Son, you lead the men to personally guard this place, if anyone dares to come close, kill them without amnesty ……”
“Understood!” Huo Dong nodded!
Gu Tianzhao began to crack the array disc while Huo Dong guarded the outside with a few elders!
At the same time, at Elder Yu’s residence, Wei Qing hurriedly came!
“Master, that Huo family’s father and son actually invited formation experts from the Two Yi Sect, wanting to forcefully break the formation disc and open the Divine Volcano ah.”
Wei Qing said with an anxious face.
“What? That Huo Yuan Ting actually dared to go against the rules of the sect and open the Divine Volcano privately? Is the news exact?”
Upon hearing this, Elder Yu was instantly shocked and said!
“Exact, I saw it with my own eyes, Huo Yuanting led the people from the Two Yi Sect to the array disc, only that Huo Yuanting left, and that Huo Dong personally led the guard.”
Wei Qing said!
“Bad, this Huo Yuan Ting seems to have to get the divine fire seal, we must not let him open the divine volcano, otherwise if he gets the divine fire seal, even if the old sect master recovers and goes out to the mountain, it will be useless by then.”
Elder Yu frowned slightly, then continued, “You immediately go and contact the other elders and disciples, and call out everyone from our lineage.”
“Master, then does Senior Sister Zhu Ling call out to her?” Wei Qing asked!
“Call out to her, this matter has to be known to Missy, if that Huo Yuan Ting gets the Divine Flame Seal, it’s expected that Missy and everyone in our vein won’t have a good ending.”
Elder Yu made a decision, even if he had to fight to the death, he couldn’t let Huo Yuanting open the Divine Flame Mountain and get the Divine Flame Seal!
After Wei Qing had left, Elder Yu then looked in the direction of the Siyou Cliff!
“This Cheng Ping doesn’t know what’s going on ……”
Elder Yu was very hopeful at the moment that Chen Ping would be able to think past the end and come out to help himself.
In that case, they would have one more helper, although Chen Ping was only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, the strength he displayed was not much worse than him!