However, Chen Ping could not turn around and run away, not to mention that the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man was still in the final stage of his breakthrough!
Seeing Zuo Xuan attacking, Chen Ping held the Dragon Slashing Sword and violently swung it towards Zuo Xuan, instantly the Dragon Slashing Sword swung out hundreds of sword qi, cutting through the void and condensing into a storm of sword qi, heading straight towards Zuo Xuan!
Zuo Xuan coldly grunted, his body instantly erupted a breath, this breath was like waves in the sea, one wave after another!
A sword aura was directly shaken away, and Chen Ping’s sword was instantly dissolved!
Chen Ping personally followed the sword aura, and his Holy Light Fist directly erupted out!
Right now, the various spiritual powers, dragon qi and even the origin power in Chen Ping’s body were almost depleted, and the only thing that could be used was the power of his own flesh!
And only the Holy Light Fist was suitable for this most pure insta-flesh power!
Chen Ping’s fist erupted with golden light, and countless fist shadows smashed into Zuo Xuan as if they were cannonballs!
Zuo Xuan felt Chen Ping’s Holy Light Fist and directly laughed!
“Hahahaha, is it that the spiritual energy in your body is depleted and you are starting to use the power of your own physical body?You wouldn’t want to use this kind of low level power to defeat me, would you?”
Zuo Xuan laughed out loud, then his two fingers condensed their spiritual energy before snapping his fingers, countless spiritual lights flashed, directly blocking Chen Ping’s Holy Light Fist!
It had to be said that this Zuo Xuan fellow was not a flamboyant person, he did have some strength!
Seeing Zuo Xuan’s wild look, Chen Ping was furious!
Only to see Chen Ping fiercely biting his tongue, a mouthful of essence blood was sprayed out, the Dragon Cutting Sword trembled violently, followed by the sword qi, a sword aura appeared behind Chen Ping!
If Chen Ping hadn’t exhausted his strength, it wouldn’t have been his turn to burn his essence blood!
If the Sword Spirit Zhong Li had not been injured, he himself would not have been in such a sorry state!
Although Chen Ping had the Divine King Bow, he was afraid that he would not be able to pull it at all now, and even if he could pull the Divine King Bow, Chen Ping would not use it as a last resort!
There is also a life preserving artifact that is the Dragon Tattoo Bell, which is also something Chen Ping will not take out unless he has to!
As the saying goes, if Chen Ping shows too many divine weapons, he is afraid that he will attract a lot of trouble!
Ten thousand sword awns manifested behind Chen Ping, and immediately went straight towards that Zuo Xuan!
“Hmph, with this skill of yours, what can you do if you burn your essence blood ……”
Zuo Xuan snorted coldly, the black mist on his body rose up, and then also formed a huge skeleton behind him, exuding an eerie fury!
Ten thousand sword manes Luo Xi, then followed that huge skeleton to collide!
Chen Ping’s figure retreated back and forth, and his face became increasingly ugly!
Even if he burned his essence blood, Chen Ping had no way to defeat this Zuo Xuan!
The ten thousand sword awnings slowly disappeared, and the huge skeleton condensed from the black mist also disappeared!
Chen Ping propped himself up on the ground with his Dragon Slashing Sword, his forehead covered in cold sweat!
“Chen Ping…………”
Bai Shao was very anxious when she saw that Chen Ping was not even lowering that left spin!
However, it was useless to be anxious, she was entangled by a few people from the Demon Sealing Alliance and could not get away at all!
The people from the Demon Sealing Alliance were numerous and strong, and now Bai Shao and the girls themselves were in danger!
Especially Luo Shouhai, under that Elder Chu’s attack, there was only a fight to be had!
“Kid, go to hell ……”
Zuo Xuan coldly smiled as his palm directly slapped towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned, looking at Zuo Xuan’s palm slapping, fiercely gritted his teeth, the Unbreakable Golden Body flowed, a golden scale covered Chen Ping’s whole body!
It looked like Chen Ping was going to resist this Zuo Xuan palm!
“Duke …………”
Just as Zuo Xuan was about to slap down his palm, someone suddenly called out to Zuo Xuan!
Zuo Xuan turned his head to look and found that it was that Elder Fei.
“What’s the matter with you?”
Zuo Xuan frowned, very unhappy!