When they entered the palace hall, Lin Ke Dong was already standing beside their father, Lin Chong!
And on Lin Chong’s side, there was an old man sitting in a Taoist robe with a duster in his hand, and it was none other than that Wuji Taoist Master!
“Master ……”
Seeing Daoist Master Wuji, Lin Keting immediately wanted Daoist Master Wuji to explain.
But just as she opened her mouth, she felt her father’s majestic pressure coming and instantly shut her mouth.
“Ting’er, you travelled to the Celestial Realm in private, and you’ve been secretly communicating with a small cultivator from the Celestial Realm, are you trying to make my father angry?”
Lin Chong’s face was filled with anger as he questioned Lin Keting.
“Father, my little sister is playful by nature, so it’s only natural for her to go to the Celestial Realm to have fun, and she has people with her, so there won’t be any danger, so please don’t chastise my little sister, Father.”
Lin Kefan hurriedly pleaded for Lin Keting!
“You shut up.”Lin Chong frowned slightly, scaring Lin Kefan so much that he didn’t dare to speak!
“Fourth brother, don’t plead for me, I just went out to play, that is, I followed the small cultivator of the Transitional Realm from the Celestial Realm in secret, and the two of us even slept several times.”
Lin Keting said without fear!
“You ……,” Lin Chong heard and almost didn’t die of anger!
“Father, these are all things that Master told me to do, going to the Divine and Demonic Battlefield in the Celestial Realm was also something that Master told me to do.”
“And following that Ferry Realm junior cultivator into a dual cultivation mate, it was also Master who made me do that.”
“If you want to chastise, you should chastise my master!”
Lin Keting said as she pointed a finger at Daoist Wuji!
“Disciple, don’t talk nonsense, where did Master let you go to the Celestial Realm? And how could Master find you a Ferrying Realm cultivator as a dual cultivation partner.”
“You have to be more honest, don’t put all the blame on Master ah ……”
Daoist Master Wuji immediately denied it!
Lin Keting was instantly dumbfounded, looking at Daoist Master Wuji in disbelief!
It was clear that everything was done by Daoist Master Wuji, and now he was actually denying it!
“Master, why are you denying it? It doesn’t take you to do this, aren’t you punking me?”
Lin Keting could never have imagined to death that her master had tricked her!
“Shut up, Taoist Master Wuji is highly respected, how could he do such a thing, don’t put all the blame on Taoist Master Wuji.”
“You have to take the blame yourself for what you did, and the fact that you followed the Demon Sealing Alliance in the Celestial Realm and started a conflict, causing the deaths of several guards, this was not at the behest of your Master, was it?”
Li Chong questioned Lin Keting!
Lin Keting shook her head, “No, but those people from the Demon Sealing Alliance just deserve to be killed, Master said that there is not a single good thing in the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“You’re pushing on your master again, it seems like you can’t recognise any mistakes yourself ah, since that’s the case, you shouldn’t blame my father for being harsh.”
“You immediately go to the imperial tomb to contemplate for ten years, before the time, absolutely can not come out ……”
Lin Chong was very angry and roared at Lin Keting.
Lin Ke Ting was furious at this time, gritting her teeth, “Just go, think about it for a hundred years I’m not afraid ……”
Lin Keting finished, turned around and left!
“Little sister ……”
Seeing this, Lin Kefan hurriedly chased out!
Lin Ke Dong, who saw this scene, grinned!
“What are you grinning at? Get the hell out of here ……”
Lin Chong said as he glared at Lin Ke Dong!
Lin Ke Dong immediately stifled his laughter and quickly left!
When Lin Ke Dong left, after Daoist Wuji and Lin Chong looked at each other, they unexpectedly all burst out laughing!
“Daoist Master Wuji, this time I’m afraid that Ting’er is going to hate you.”
Lin Chong laughed!
“Hate it as much as you want, the Celestial Realm will soon be unpeaceful, and the Demon Sealing Alliance has already investigated my head, in the future, I’m afraid that there won’t be many free days for the two of us.”
Daoist Wuji said with a helpless smile!
“Yes, Sun Moon City will also be exposed to the public in the future, I can no longer be this clean emperor.”
“But Daoist Master that boy named Chen Ping that you found for Ting’er, how is it really?”
Lin Chong asked curiously!
“Emperor Lin, you don’t have to rush, you’ll know when you see it, if he’s not a dragon amongst men, how could I possibly push him to Ting’er.”
“Ting’er is your precious daughter, but she is also the poor Taoist’s precious disciple ah.”
Daoist Wuji sold the story and didn’t say!
“Well, I believe in the Taoist Master’s vision, I hope that Ting’er has been thinking for ten years, and will be able to avoid this catastrophe!”
After Lin Chong sighed softly, both of them fell into silence!