There were also a few that had reached the ninth rank of the Transition Realm!
There was even a Mahayana realm expert, and this Mahayana realm expert was Diao Changmin!
The head of the Diao Family of Yongle City!
“Diao Family Head?”Seeing Diao Changmin, Chen Ping looked a little puzzled, “Didn’t you follow President Su and the others?”
“I started to follow them, only now I’m separated, I just want to take a look at Fellow Daoist Chen’s ancient pill cauldron.”
“I don’t think that Fellow Daoist Chen would be so disrespectful as to not show it to me, right?”
Diao Changmin asked!
It turned out that this fellow had been thinking about Chen Ping’s that Divine Nong Tripod, and had secretly followed Su Tianshuo and the others to separate behind him, bringing the Diao Family crowd to find Chen Ping!
He wanted to get his hands on that Shennong tripod, if he did it with Su Tianshuo and the others, it would not be certain who’s hands the Shennong tripod would fall into by then!
“Oh, so you just want to take a look at that medicine cauldron, isn’t that simple!”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping acted unconcerned and was about to take out the medicine cauldron!
Diao Changmin, on the other hand, saw this and his eyes were glowing with greed!
As long as Chen Ping took out the Divine Nong Ding, he would not hesitate to make a move against Chen Ping, after killing Chen Ping, the Divine Nong Ding would be his own, and the 100 years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance would also be his own!
After all, a small cultivator of the sixth level of the Transition Realm, he had brought the elite of the Diao Family, surely he would be able to kill him easily!
Moreover, he himself was still an expert of the Mahayana Realm, so there was no way he would be afraid of Chen Ping!
Only to see Chen Ping casually flipping his hand, what he took out was not some kind of medicine cauldron, but the Dragon Cutting Sword!
The cold sword aura shot out in a flash!
Seeing this, Diao Changmin’s body retreated violently and managed to dodge Chen Ping’s sword!
However, the two people behind Diao Changmin were not so lucky, and were directly struck by the sword awns, and their bodies were directly chopped into two!
“You …………”
When Diao Changmin saw that his own people were killed, he immediately looked at Chen Ping in anger.
“Hmph, want to spy on my medicine cauldron, dream on, just with you people, you still want to cheat me!”
Chen Ping laughed coldly, his body steeply leapt up and ran towards the side in a hurry!
“Damn, you want to run, I have to kill you today!”
Seeing that he was being teased by Chen Ping, Diao Changmin was instantly enraged, with a murderous aura in his eyes, he led his men towards Chen Ping in pursuit!
Chen Ping was in front of Diao Changmin with his men at the back, constantly weaving in and out of the mist!
Although Chen Ping’s body did not suffer much from the toxin infestation, but constantly weaving in and out of the mist still made Chen Ping feel that the aura in his body was running a little rough!
Chen Ping actually did not put these people in his eyes, the reason why he did not fight with them was because of this surrounding mist!
If they really fought, the speed of the poisonous Qi infesting their bodies would have been accelerated!
Even if Chen Ping had exterminated Diao Changmin and these people, he himself would definitely be poisoned, and if he was in a situation, it would be troublesome!
Diao Changmin and the others were in hot pursuit behind them and were constantly throwing pills in their mouths!
This was an antidote pill, although there was no way to completely remove the toxins from this mist, but it could also temporarily slow down the speed of the poisonous gas invading the body!
Soon after entering the mist, they noticed something odd in the mist and started taking the antidote pills!
As a medicine family, something like an antidote to poison pills, that was something that needed to be necessary for a long time!
“Family Head, we don’t have many antidote pills left, if we keep on consuming them like this, it will be troublesome!”
At this moment, a middle-aged pharmacist beside Diao Changmin reminded!
Diao Changmin frowned slightly as he looked at Chen Ping not far in front of him, and said in a somewhat puzzled manner, “Damn, how come this brat hasn’t been poisoned yet? I so thought that I didn’t see him take the antidote pills along the way!”
“Family Master, this guy can’t be impervious to all poisons, right?”That middle-aged pharmacist said!
“Bullsh*t, the toxins in this mist are not ordinary toxins, even if he is invulnerable to all poisons, he can’t resist the toxins in this mist at all!”
“Our Antidote Pill, that can also cure a hundred poisons, but in the face of this kind of toxin, it can only delay it, there’s no way to stop the toxin from entering the body!”
Diao Changmin cursed!