Zhu Zhishan knew that he was no match for Chen Ping, so he had to meet and study the matter, and he needed to ask the top bra*s to help.
However, the senior officials did not look up to him at all, and Zhu Zhishan himself knew the status of his position as the Alliance Master in the Martial Alliance.
Ning Zhi is the deputy alliance leader, but he was appointed by a great power, and Ning Zhi is also a black bronze robe, Zhu Zhishan has now figured out that he is a puppet, and Ning Zhi’s talent is really above Zhu Zhishan.
When Ning Zhi said that the black-robed man was Chen Ping, Zhu Zhishan did not believe him at all, but now that the facts are in front of him, Zhu Zhishan can only admire that Ning Zhi.
Now Ning Zhi, the Vice Alliance Master, was the one who was really in charge, and if he wanted to invite the top bra*s, he would have to ask Ning Zhi to come forward.
Soon, in the conference room of the Martial Alliance, there were several people dressed in black robes, but the pattern on the front of each person was bronze, these were black bronze robes!
Don’t look at the fact that these black bronze robes were the lowest in the hierarchy, but each and every one of them was not someone that Zhu Zhi Shan could afford to mess with.
The strength of each and every one of these people was not as low as Zhu Zhishan’s!
In a society where strength is paramount, strength means status and everything ……
Zhu Zhishan briefly described the situation, and then said, “Vice Alliance Master Ning, now that Chen Ping has become the biggest threat to our Martial Alliance, so we must get rid of him.”
“What’s more, Vice Alliance Master Ning has an unbreakable grudge against that Chen Ping, with you leading a few black bronze robed experts to kill Chen Ping, that Chen Ping will definitely not be able to escape ……”
Zhu Zhishan wanted Ning Zhi to lead his men to kill Chen Ping, and now Zhu Zhishan’s heart was a little scared when he faced Chen Ping!
“Master Zhu, it’s better for you to do it, four black bronze robes follow you, are you still afraid of that Chen Ping?” Ning Zhi asked indifferently.
“How could I be afraid of that Chen Ping, I just want to give Vice-Allied Lord Ning a chance to take revenge!”
Zhu Zhishan simply did not admit that he was afraid of Chen Ping!
“Whether or not I killed that Chen Ping, as long as Chen Ping is dead, my revenge is just as good as being avenged, what I need now is to close down and improve my strength ……”
Ning Zhi at this moment, what he wanted was not only to kill Chen Ping to take revenge anymore, he also had more ambitious ideals.
Ever since he had seen those people at the top of the Martial Dao Alliance, especially the profoundly unpredictable great powers, Ning Zhi was determined to be the one to overlook the entire Martial Dao world.
And as for killing Chen Ping for revenge, it had become less important.
“Then we also need to plan properly where it is appropriate to intercept and kill that Chen Ping ……”
Zhu Zhishan said, taking out a map with the various roads to the Performing Arts Arena marked on it!
“There’s no need to plan, the martial arts arena is the perfect place ……”
Ning Zhi waved his hand and said.
“If we make a move against that Chen Ping at the martial arts arena and bully the young with the many, won’t that break the rules?”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Ning Zhi with a face full of incomprehension.
“Rules?” Ning Zhi smiled coldly, “Rules are made by people, as long as one has strength, every word is a rule, who dares to disobey?”
Ning Zhi’s words directly choked Zhu Zhishan speechless.
I don’t know when, but Zhu Zhishan had noticed that the hostile aura on Ning Zhi’s body was getting heavier and heavier, and even he was a little frightened when he saw Ning Zhi!
“Alright, I’ll take them to the martial arts arena tomorrow to set up in case that Chen Ping escapes ……”
A moment later, Zhu Zhishan nodded his head and said.
There was no one else who had done what he was doing now, but there was nothing that could be done, Zhu Zhishan only hoped that after killing Chen Ping, he could retire in peace and forget about it.
The next day!
The area around the martial arts arena is silent, as few people come here without a bout!
In order to avoid hurting innocent people, the arena was built in a very remote area, surrounded by mountains, to prevent the after-effects of the fight from spreading.