“Could it all be an illusion?”
Chen Ping frowned, then his divine sense instantly sank into the sea of consciousness!
When he saw the old man, he realised that it was not an illusion at all just now.
“Mr Chen, what are you saying is an illusion? I have just cultivated the techniques on this stone wall, and I feel that they are all very special, some parts of them don’t seem to make sense at all, I wonder if Mr Chen can explain them to me ah?”
Ochre Yan turned to Chen Ping and asked for advice!
“Firstly, let’s topographise these feats, I’ll explain them to you afterwards!”
Chen Ping had Ochre Yan topographise the feats on the stone wall!
Then there looked at Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian who were piling up the graves for their masters and brothers, and said to the two of them “People can’t come back from the dead, since they are already dead, even piling up the graves won’t be of any use, so it would be better to burn them in a fire to prevent the flesh from becoming food for wild beasts!”
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Zheng Jian and Jiang Yulian all stopped!
A dozen or so Soul Demon Sect disciples, if they all piled up the grave with stones, it would take a long time!
While the two did not speak, Chen Ping struck out a Supreme Flame and set the corpses of those disciples of the Soul Demon Sect ablaze!
Even Ning Caichen’s corpse, Chen Ping also gave it a burn, rather than rotting a little bit, it would be better to have a fire!
After doing all this, Ochre Yan also topologised the gongfa around the stone wall!
Chen Ping led them out of the Devil Swallowing Cave!
However, just as Chen Ping and the others had stepped out of the Devil Swallowing Cave, the entire Devil Swallowing Cave unexpectedly collapsed!
In an instant, the Devil Swallowing Cave was submerged and disappeared without a trace!
Looking at the collapsed Devil Swallowing Cave, Jiang Yulian and the rest of them were all confused!
“Mr Chen, did you find anything inside the Devil Swallowing Cave? Apart from the feats on the stone walls, there doesn’t seem to be any treasures.”
Ochre Yan asked Chen Ping!
“It’s not a vain journey ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, the fact that he had obtained the remnant soul of that old man was stronger than any treasure!
It would be even better if he could make that old man regain his memories!
Chen Ping brought Ochre Yan and they rushed back to the Soul Demon Sect, on this journey Jiang Yulian followed Ochre Yan to kiss and kiss, making Zheng Jian look anxious and angry!
After returning to the Soul Demon Sect, Chen Ping found Patriarch Jiang at the first opportunity, he hoped that Patriarch Jiang would be able to help that old man regain his memory!
The other thing was to see if Patriarch Jiang could remove the shackles on that old man’s residual soul!
After all, Patriarch Jiang’s research on souls was much higher than Chen Ping’s!
“Mr Chen, I heard that your trip to the Devil Swallowing Cave was quite rewarding?”
Patriarch Jiang looked at Chen Ping and asked!
“The harvest is not much of a harvest, there are only a few techniques on the stone wall, which are meaningless to me!”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently, his own Heart Condensing Skill was stronger than any gongfu, so for the gongfu of the Devil Swallowing Cave, Chen Ping did not look at it in the slightest!
However, Chen Ping’s words turned, “Although I didn’t get any treasures, but it was not worth the trip ……”.
Looking at Chen Ping’s smiling face, Patriarch Jiang also smiled slightly and said “Mr Chen, are you talking about the residual soul that suddenly appeared in your sea of consciousness?”
Chen Ping froze and looked at Patriarch Jiang with some surprise!
He had not followed Patriarch Jiang about the residual soul, but he did not expect to be directly seen through!
Sure enough, this Patriarch Jiang’s research on souls had reached the extreme!
Chen Ping smiled awkwardly and said “Patriarch Jiang, I’m not going to lie, I did rescue a remnant soul in that Devil Swallowing Cave, and it is now in my sea of consciousness.”
“Mr Chen, that Devil Swallowing Cave is so powerful, I’m sure the residual soul inside is by no means idle, I wonder which Devil Sovereign’s residual soul is it?”
Seeing Chen Ping’s admission, Patriarch Jiang asked curiously!
“I don’t know either, this residual soul has lost its memory, it doesn’t even know who it is anymore, so I would like to ask Patriarch Jiang to make a move, to see if I can help this residual soul recover its memory.”
“As long as we recover our memories, perhaps we can learn a lot of things that we have never heard before from the mouth of this residual soul.”
Chen Ping wanted Patriarch Jiang to restore the memory of the old man’s remnant soul.