Fang Shu saw this scene inwardly anxious, this if really start to fight, afterwards they are afraid that their days will be even more difficult, and Chen Ping alone, also can not be the opponent of these people!
Just when Fang Shu was in a state of great anxiety, a loud voice suddenly came out!
“Stop it all ……”
With a furious shout, Nie Heng ran over in a fiery hurry!
Seeing Chen Ping surrounded by these disciples, he immediately scolded angrily, “You guys want to f*cking rebel? How dare you start an internal fight within the sect?”
“Senior Brother, this kid started the fight, look what he did to me.”
The young man who had been beaten up came forward and showed Nie Heng his swollen face!
“You were the one who deliberately made things difficult and didn’t give us supplies, that’s why Mr. Chen beat you up ……”
Fang Shu hurriedly explained!
The young man was about to open his mouth to retort, but he was stopped by Nie Heng, “Go, bring the supplies from Third Master Uncle’s lineage, nothing less ……”
Nie Heng’s words caused the Jade Tripod Sect disciples who were handing out the supplies to stare in disbelief as they looked at Nie Heng!
You know that in the past, Nie Heng didn’t like the Third Elder’s lineage either, and even more so, he wouldn’t take the initiative to care for them!
Today, he was actually asking them to bring out all the supplies for the Third Elder’s Lineage, which left many of the Jade Tripod Sect disciples a little baffled!
“Go get them when I f*cking tell you to, do you want a taste of the sect rules?”
When Nie Heng saw that no one was moving, he became furious!
Seeing that Nie Heng was furious, those disciples who were handing out supplies could only carry out all of the supplies from the Third Elder’s lineage in a huff!
“Senior Brother Fang, in the future, when you’re collecting supplies, tell me in advance, and these brats won’t dare to make things difficult.”
Nie Heng said to Fang Shu!
Fang Shu looked at Nie Heng and didn’t know what to say for a moment, he felt that this Nie Heng had changed and was a bit strange.
If he knew that Nie Heng wouldn’t have been so polite to them before!
But Fang Shu didn’t know that the reason why Nie Heng was like this was because of Chen Ping!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping saw that the supplies were taken out and was ready to carry them on and follow Fang Shu back!
But just as Chen Ping was about to move the supplies, a man suddenly appeared and stepped on top of those supplies!
“These things, no one can move them without my asking ……”
A middle-aged man with a face full of cross flesh and sharp eyes said!
When Nie Heng looked at the person, he frowned and said “Kuang Biao, what do you mean by that? It’s not your turn to make decisions on matters within the sect, is it?”
“Nie Heng, you’re a bit too broad, this matter of distributing supplies has always been under the jurisdiction of our clan, why are you sticking your hand in here too?”
Kuang Biao coldly looked at Nie Heng and asked!
“My master is not here, I am in charge of all the big and small matters within this sect, why shouldn’t I be in charge of this distribution of supplies?”
Nie Heng also asked without showing any weakness1
“Hmph, the sect master is not here, but my master is still here, he is the second elder of the sect, when did it become your turn to yell at me like a disciple of the sect.”
“Besides, this matter of distributing supplies has nothing to do with you at all, do you still want to seize power?”
When Kuang Biao finished speaking, he waved his hand and said, “Carry all these supplies back to me.”
The Jade Tripod Sect disciples who were handing out the supplies were about to make a move when Nie Heng bellowed, “I’ll see who dares to do so, the sect master is not here, so I, the eldest disciple, have the right to discipline.
At this moment, the Jade Tripod Sect disciples who were distributing the supplies all dared not move!
“What are you afraid of? I’m the true great disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect, when I worshipped the Jade Tripod Sect, he didn’t know where he was pissing.”
“Just move it for me, I’ll be responsible if anything happens, although we belong to the Second Elder’s lineage, we won’t be bullied for nothing.”
Kuang Biao said with a big wave of his hand!