Soon, Xiao Lan opened the red wine and after pouring two gla*ses, she brought it to Xia Chao’s face.
“Be good and obedient, I will satisfy you ……”
Xiao Lan threw an eyebrow towards that Xia Chao and directly charmed that Xia Chao into a frenzy.
“Be obedient, I will be obedient ……”
Xia Chao nodded his head desperately.
“Drink with me properly, and don’t move your hands on me, understand?”
Xiao Lan saw Xia Chao’s appearance like that, her face raised in triumph and said.
“Know, know ……”
Xia Chao still nodded his head.
Xiaolan handed the red wine to Xia Chao, while Xia Chao drank it all.
Seeing this, Xiaolan also drank the red wine in her hand, and then Xiaolan once again poured the gla*s full.
She intended to get this Xia Chao drunk, so that she could escape.
But when Xiaolan was about to make Xia Chao drink again, suddenly Xiaolan felt dizzy, her limbs were weak, and the wine gla*s in her hand fell to the ground.
“There’s something wrong with this wine ……?”
Xiaolan was in shock, she knew that she was like this because there was something wrong with the wine.
“Hahaha, I have moved in the wine long ago, I didn’t expect you to ask for the wine yourself ……”
Xia Chao also stopped pretending at this point and just laughed out loud.
“You …… haven’t you been hit by my charm spell?”
Xiao Lan was surprised, how could Xia Chao not react to his charm spell?
“To tell you the truth, your charm technique only works on men, but the current me is not a real man anymore ……”
When Xia Chao said this again, he was surprisingly not the least bit ashamed, but rather complacent ……
“Then …… then why do you still want to marry me?” Xiao Lan looked at Xia Chao in shock, not understanding why this Xia Chao still wanted to marry himself since he was no longer a man.
“Of course it’s for the Yin Qi in your body, you are a natural charming body, think of the Yin Qi in a girl like you, it’s the best cultivation resource for me ……”
The corner of Xia Chao’s mouth raised, “After I suck the Yin Qi from your body, I will be able to break through the Martial Sect realm and become the youngest Martial Sect in the entire Martial Dao world!”
Xiao Lan listened to Xia Chao’s words with fear in her eyes, she wanted to escape but her body couldn’t move at all, she wanted to bite her tongue to kill herself, but unfortunately she didn’t even have the strength to kill herself at this moment.
“Don’t think about struggling, be a good girl and resign yourself to your fate ……”
After Xia Chao finished speaking, he suddenly pinched his finger, and immediately afterwards, a vortex appeared in mid-air, which hovered above Xiao Lan’s head.
…………
In the middle of the spring!
Chen Ping had been following the humanoid monster that had coalesced from the spring for many hours at this moment, tangling with it.
It’s just that every time Chen Ping shattered the humanoid monster, the humanoid monster would immediately condense again. No matter what Chen Ping did, there was no way to truly destroy the humanoid monster.
The spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s dantian was rapidly decreasing, and the Heart Condensation Skill was running at a rapid pace, but it still could not supply Chen Ping’s ma*sive consumption.
Chen Ping knew that if he continued like this, he would be slowly consumed to death even if he wasn’t killed, and Chen Ping couldn’t keep consuming like this because he didn’t know what was going on with Xiao Lan up there.
“Kid, I’m just a wisp of divine sense, invisible and indestructible, you can’t fight me, don’t be prying into my precious sword ……”
The humanoid monster spoke.
Chen Ping’s forehead was covered with sweat, his face was very grave, this humanoid monster in front of him was immortal and could always come back to life, what exactly was the solution to use?
Just as Chen Ping was pondering, the humanoid monster slashed over, while Chen Ping dodged, followed by a punch that directly shattered the humanoid monster.
But soon, the spring coalesced again and became the same again, and every time Chen Ping punched, the spiritual energy in his dantian decreased by a few points, so sooner or later his dantian would be depleted and his spiritual energy drained.