“Even if I can save my life once, it’s worth it!”
Chen Ping to did not care how long that folding fan could still be used!
Chen Ping followed Shen Ji Zi and left, accompanied by a shaking under his feet, the scenery around him changed instantly!
They had come out from within that spatial market!
Originally, Shen Ji Zi was afraid that that Mu Yao would be waiting outside for Chen Ping, but when they came out, they did not see that Mu Yao’s figure!
“Luckily this guy is just talking!”
Shen Ji Zi secretly breathed a sigh of relief!
“Let’s go, come with me to Snow Creek Valley, but I’ve paid you for everything.”
Chen Ping asked to that Shen Ji Zi!
“No problem, after leaving this South End City, go all the way east, that Snow Creek Valley is at the foot of the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
Shen Ji Zi nodded and said!
Chen Ping and Shen Ji Zi flew up and headed towards the Snow Stream Valley!
But just as they flew out of South End City, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed!
“What’s wrong?” Shen Ji Zi asked!
“We’re being followed!”
Chen Ping said!
“What? What kind of people are following us? Is it someone from that Mu Family?”
Shen Ji Zi was a little panicked!
“I don’t know yet, just move forward, don’t worry about it!”
Chen Ping only detected a feeling of being spied on, not knowing the identity of the other party at all!
“We’d better go back, if we’re in South End City, I guess that Mu Family’s people wouldn’t dare to make a move.”
Shen Ji Zi was scared and wanted to go back!
“Go back and do chicken hair ah ……”
Chen Ping grabbed Shen Ji Zi’s shoulder, then performed the Royal Fire Steps, and the two people’s silhouettes instantly disappeared, then appeared in the distance!
The speed of the two of them increased by quite a bit at once, as if they were space jumping!
As for Mu Yao, who was following behind them, seeing the speed of Chen Ping and Shen Ji Zi, he was directly somewhat dumbfounded!
“Damn, it’s only the third rank of the Transition Realm, how can they run so fast?”
Mu Yao held his breath and desperately began to catch up!
At this time, Shen Ji Zi’s face was pale, he hadn’t known that Chen Ping’s speed would be so fast, and in the blink of an eye, he was several miles away!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others arrived at the foot of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, where it was all snow-capped and the wind was howling!
After landing on the ground, Chen Ping pulled Shen Ji Zi to conceal his figure!
At the same time, Chen Ping’s Divine Sense spread out steeply, and several miles in a radius were within the scope of Chen Ping’s Divine Sense!
Unfortunately, Chen Ping’s divine sense did not detect anything!
“Is it not following?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
In fact, it was not that Mu Yao was not following, but rather Chen Ping was too fast to follow!
Mu Yao was panting at the moment, chasing after him!
While chasing, he cursed, “Damn, are they using some kind of flying machine, their speed is too fast!”
Just as Mu Yao was cursing, a figure suddenly swooped in!
It turned out to be Chen Ping, who spotted Mu Yao and wanted to strike first!
Mu Yao, on the other hand, was distracted by the chase, so he didn’t discover the hidden Chen Ping and the others at first!
Seeing Chen Ping, a third grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, take the initiative to attack a ninth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, Shen Ji Zi was confused!
Chen Ping slapped his palm down, causing that Mu Yao to react instantly as a flame instantly erupted from his body!
Chen Ping’s palm was not the least bit afraid of that flame, and he slapped his palm right on top of that Mu Yao’s shoulder!
Mu Yao’s body fell to the ground with incredulity in his eyes!
“You’re not afraid of my flames?”
How could Mu Yao not believe it, how could a cultivator of the third rank of the Transition Realm only not be afraid of his own flames?
Chen Ping had actually penetrated his own flames and was unharmed!
“With that small flame of yours, I’m afraid you can’t even burn a chicken!”
Chen Ping said with a sneer!
“Kid, you seek death!”
Mu Yao’s body leapt, followed by a wave of both palms, instantly hundreds of flames, densely packed, came towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body rapidly retreated, while these hundreds of flames instantly formed an encircling circle, as if they were cannonballs, blasting towards Chen Ping!