The middle-aged man glanced icily at Jin Dong, then let out a cold snort as an unsearchable aura crept in, causing Jin Dong to fall to his knees with a plop!
“Ignorant child, you dare to talk to me like this, if it were before, you would have turned into a puddle of blood by now.”
The middle-aged man coldly snorted!
Seeing this, Luo Shouhai’s face instantly became unsightly, his body shook slightly, and an aura followed suit, directly following that middle-aged man to fight against him!
“This is the Blood Spirit Valley, it’s not a place for you to spread your wildness, if you’re looking for someone, talk properly, if you want to make a move, I can accompany you!”
Luo Shouhai said with a cold face and eyes full of murderous aura!
The middle-aged man saw Luo Shouhai’s murderous look, but he was not afraid at all, on the contrary, the corner of his mouth was slightly raised “There is really no tiger in the mountain, and the monkey calls himself the king. ……”
After saying that, the middle-aged man’s body’s aura instantly skyrocketed, and Luo Shouhai’s entire body directly flew backwards!
“Bold ……”
Seeing this, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder on the side slapped his palm towards the middle-aged man!
He felt that this fellow was really too crazy and must be taught a good lesson!
Seeing the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder slapping his palm, the middle-aged man casually slammed out his fist!
A white light flashed, and the huge breath was like a cannonball, ruthlessly following the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man’s palm and colliding together!
The Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man unexpectedly also flew out backwards, retreating dozens of steps one after another before stabilising himself!
“Not bad, just having crossed the seventh level of the Tribulation Realm, you actually encountered the Demonic Tribulation Cloud and carried it through.”
The middle-aged man said as he looked towards the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder with a slight appreciation!
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder’s face was full of shock, and his mouth opened roundly as he said “What exactly are you? Why do you know the Holy Light Fist?”
In the devil mountain ghost old them, this kind of person body is full of beast race breath, obviously is the beast race, how will the wind and the devil lineage of the holy light fist it?
This is simply impossible, to know that the devil mountain ghost old man himself does not know the Holy Light Fist, the Holy Light Fist is the Wind Demon’s mastery, how can it be taught to others at will!
The only time the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man had ever seen the Holy Light Fist was when Chen Ping used it, could it be that this Beast Race was also taught by the Wind Demon himself?
“You don’t need to care why I know the Holy Light Fist, you only need to shout out that Chen Ping.”
The middle-aged man said indifferently!
“Mr Chen is indeed not here, if you are looking for him in an emergency, you can wait in the Blood Spirit Valley for the time being, he should be back soon.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder stepped forward, his attitude becoming much more respectful!
Not to mention how this middle-aged man had learnt the Holy Light Fist, since he knew the Holy Light Fist, it proved that there was a connection following their Wind Demon lineage!
Since there is a connection, then the devil mountain ghost old man should be polite and respectful, can know the Holy Light Boxing people, in their Wind Demon lineage is what position, the devil mountain ghost old man is very clear!
Seeing the devil mountain ghost old man attitude become respectful, and Chen Ping is indeed not in the blood spirit valley, the middle-aged man nodded his head and said, “Well, I will temporarily wait for him to come back in the blood spirit valley …….”
After saying that, the middle-aged man walked straight into the Blood Spirit Valley, and when the middle-aged man passed by Jin Dong, Jin Dong took a careful look at him, and then his eyes widened roundly and said “Oh, I remember, I know who you are……”
When Jin Dong said so, the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man and Luo Shouhai all looked towards Jin Dong!
“He is the big man who set up a stall at the Xuan Yin Sect, Mr Chen even bought him an item, it seems to be a clock carved out of jade.”
Jin Dong said with a sudden realisation!
When Devil Mountain Ghost Elder and Luo Shouhai heard this, they were speechless, what kind of knowledge is this, they knew that they had set up a stall, but so what?
People’s strength was just strong, if they really wanted to enter the Blood Spirit Valley, none of them could stop them!
“You’re looking for Mr Chen, are you backing out and wanting to get your stuff back?”
Jin Dong asked at the middle-aged man!
The middle-aged man, however, raised the corners of his mouth, said nothing and directly walked into the Blood Spirit Valley!