“Yes, if that Chen Ping hadn’t been backed up by Mr. Shi, how could he have developed to this day, he would have been dead long ago ……”
Long Xiao was also furious.
“It’s better if Mr. Shi doesn’t care, since Mr. Shi doesn’t care, then we, the Martial Arts Alliance, can remove the harm for the people, when we kill that Chen Ping in public, the officials can’t find us in trouble ……”
Ning Zhi said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised.
He guessed that Mr. Shi would not bother with Chen Ping, much less punish him, so they could just use that as an excuse.
“Then who’s going to talk to Mr. Shi?”
Zhu Zhishan asked.
He didn’t dare anyway, seeing Mr. Shi made Zhu Zhishan tremble, and when the time came, he was afraid he wouldn’t be able to say a word!
“As the alliance leader, of course it’s you, but you can contact some other clans and families to go along and put pressure on Mr Shi ……”
Ning Zhi said as he looked to Zhu Zhishan.
“Me?” Zhu Zhishan froze!
“You don’t dare?” A few moments of mockery flashed across Ning Zhi’s eyes!
Hesitating for a moment, Zhu Zhishan gritted his teeth, “Dare, how could I not dare!
………………
The Dharma Protector’s Pavilion!
Outside the door Zhu Zhishan blocked the area with a dozen other clan and family speakers, they were looking for Mr. Shi for an explanation.
Xing Jun reported to Mr. Shi, “Mr. Shi, that Chen Ping really isn’t dead, the person who destroyed more than ten clan families was him, and now that Zhu Zhishan is leading more than ten clan families to demand that the official step in and punish Chen Ping!”
“Let them all come in ……”
Mr. Shi said with a calm face.
Xing Jun nodded, and soon Zhu Zhishan was worn in after those people from the clan families.
When these people saw Mr. Shi, they all shook slightly, and cool air began to rise from the bottom of their hearts.
“Take a seat ……”
Mr. Shi said indifferently.
But Zhu Zhishan and the rest of them, no one dared to do it, facing Mr. Shi, that sense of oppression made it difficult for them to breathe!
Seeing that these people did not do it, Mr. Shi slowly spoke again, “You came to see me, what is the matter?”
At Mr. Shi’s words, many people all lowered their heads, not daring to look directly at Mr. Shi!
Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, was looking left and right, no one dared to speak, and finally he was the only one who could speak.
“Mr. Shi, that Chen Ping has destroyed more than ten clans and families of the Martial Alliance, and now he is openly provoking them, we hope that the officials will step in and punish Chen Ping, and give an explanation to those clans and families that were destroyed ……”
Zhu Zhishan mustered up all his energy, his heart in his throat!
“En, I know about this matter!” Mr. Shi nodded, “And then what?”
Zhu Zhishan froze, then shook his head, “No …… there is no then ah, we just ask for Chen Ping to be punished, just kill Chen Ping.”
“Did you bring so many people here to talk to me about this?”
Mr. Shi asked in a calm tone.
“Yes, they all hope that Mr. Shi can administer justice.”
Zhu Zhishan’s face was red at the moment and his heart was about to pop out.
“Is that what you all mean?”
Mr Shi asked as he swept the crowd.
But no one spoke, each one lowering their heads, not even daring to breathe!
“Zhu Zhishan, they don’t seem to mean this ah ……”
Seeing that the crowd was silent, Mr. Shi asked to Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan immediately panicked and hurriedly said to the crowd, “Speak up, Mr. Shi has asked you, didn’t we all agree when we came?”
Zhu Zhishan shouted loudly and angrily at the crowd, but still no one spoke, all heads bowed!
No matter what Zhu Zhishan said, no one spoke, and cold sweat instantly ran down Zhu Zhishan’s forehead.
“Zhu Zhishan ……” shouted Shi!
“Shi …… Mr. Shi ……”
Zhu Zhishan trembled his body, he knew Mr. Shi was angry.
“You led people to besiege the Dharma Guardian Pavilion and put pressure on me, you are simply lawless ……”
Mr. Shi’s tone was cold, followed by a flick of his raised hand!
A huge force hit him, and before Zhu Zhishan could react, his entire body flew out and fell heavily to the ground.