“A mere formation, how can it be difficult for me ……”
General Qi sneered!
Just see this General Qi along with the constant recitation of the mantra in his mouth, a rune actually rose up from his body, and then floated in mid-air, emitting a ray of light, constantly shining on the mountain protection formation!
Rumble …………
With a burst of sound, the mountain protection formation began to shake continuously, and the whole Jade Tripod Sect sect also shook along with it, it looked like this mountain protection formation could not last long!
At this moment, inside the Jade Tripod Sect’s main hall, the dreary atmosphere was depressing to the extreme!
Liu Ruyan was sitting in the seat of the Patriarch, her brow furrowed in concentration!
“Patriarch, I’m afraid that our mountain protection formation won’t last much longer, so you’d better escape through the secret passage, I’ll stay behind to fend off that Hu Yixiao.”
The Third Elder persuaded to Liu Ruyan!
They all knew that Hu Yixiao had brought someone from Ming Li King City with him this time, and had brought an expert of the fifth rank of the Combined Body Realm with him, so they were definitely no match for these people!
If the Mountain Protection Formation was broken, then they would be facing a massacre, and Liu Ruyan, as the Patriarch, could not be killed!
As long as Liu Ruyan was still alive, the Jade Tripod Sect would still be alive!
“Third Elder, I’ve contacted Chen Ping, I guess he’s on his way here now ……”
“As the clan master, how can I escape from the battlefield, even if I have to die, I will die within the Jade Tripod Sect!”
Liu Ruyan said with a determined face!
“Sovereign, even if Mr. Chen is on his way, I’m afraid it will take some time to reach the Jade Tripod Sect, but I’m afraid our mountain protection formation won’t last much longer.”
“You might as well listen to the Third Elder, as long as you are still around, our Jade Tripod Sect will still be around!”
“Don’t worry, we will never succumb to that Hu Yixiao, even if he used to be my benefactor, I will never betray the sect master!”
Nie Heng also spoke persuasively to Liu Ruyan!
They both hoped that Liu Ruyan would be able to escape from the secret passage!
“Alright, you guys don’t need to persuade me anymore, I’m not going to leave, it’s just a matter of dying!”
“The most urgent thing is to find a way to stall for a while first.”
Liu Ruyan waved her hand, signalling that she should not be persuaded to leave!
“Sovereign, even if Mr. Chen came, with his strength, I’m afraid it would be somewhat difficult for him to deal with a fifth-ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm, after all, he has only just been promoted to the Harmony Realm!”
“Although he is able to deal with a third ranked cultivator of the Combination Realm, it should be the limit, no one is able to fight so much beyond the level, right?”
“So Sovereign should leave quickly and not pin all his hopes on Chen!”
The Third Elder didn’t think Chen Ping would be able to deal with a strong fifth rank of the Combined Body realm if he came!
After all, Chen Ping had just been promoted to the Harmony Realm, and although Chen Ping had defeated Ochre Yan and easily took down the Second Elder, they were after all only at the third rank of Harmony Realm strength.
And this time Hu Yixiao had brought in a fifth-ranked Ensemble Realm defender of Ming Li King City, could Chen Ping still deal with that?
“Third Elder, I believe in Chen Ping, if even Chen Ping can’t save us, then it’s my life.”
Liu Ruyan’s eyes flashed with a brilliant aura, she had blind confidence in Chen Ping!
In her mind, Chen Ping was the all-powerful warrior!
“Patriarch, if we really can’t, shall we go and ask the Supreme Elder?”
Nie Heng said!
“The Supreme Elder doesn’t come out of seclusion, no one can invite him, unless the Jade Tripod Sect is facing annihilation and he will come out himself, otherwise he won’t move even if the sky falls.”
Liu Ruyan shook her head and said!
“Patriarch, isn’t this crisis that the Jade Tripod Sect is facing extinction?”
Nie Heng said in disbelief!
“Nie Heng, that Hu Yixiao is also an Elder of the Jade Tripod Sect, he is only taking power by leading an attack on the Jade Tripod Sect, he is not trying to wipe out the Jade Tripod Sect.”
“Speaking of which, this is an internal fight, the Supreme Elder won’t care, if the Supreme Elder wanted to care, the last time the Second Elder showed up with a demonic cultivator like Ochre Yan, the Supreme Elder should have stepped in to stop it.”
The Third Elder followed Nie Heng and explained!