Everyone was quietly watching Chen Ping, even that Ouyang Wu Feng, was also quietly watching, all waiting for what Chen Ping had in store next!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, a rumble suddenly resounded from the sky, and everyone’s eyes moved away from Chen Ping!
One could only see a golden light approaching from afar from the sky, followed by a tremor in the void!
A middle-aged figure wearing a purple-golden robe slowly appeared!
This person had a broad face and bright eyes, with the majesty of a superior!
Seeing the middle-aged man who suddenly appeared, many people immediately let out an exclamation of surprise, and even their breath became shortened!
“Who is the one who unveiled the list and is able to heal my son?”
The middle-aged man asked with a sweeping glance!
Although this middle-aged man was only a projected shadow, under this sweeping gaze, many people still constantly physically trembled, not even daring to follow the middle-aged man and look directly at him!
The gazes of all the people were placed on Chen Ping, and now Chen Ping became the centre of attention!
When the middle-aged man saw Chen Ping, he frowned slightly!
Because in his opinion, Chen Ping was too young, how could he possibly have high medical skills!
However, since the other party had already unveiled the list, he should have some strength!
“Little Apothecary, since you have unveiled the list, could you have a cure for my son?”
The middle-aged man asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked straight at the middle-aged man in front of him, because it was a projected shadow, Chen Ping was not able to tell the strength of the man, but from that talk alone, he could tell that this middle-aged man was definitely a party hegemon!
“I already have a way, but I need to see the patient before I can be sure, the other thing is that Immortal Bone, I don’t know if I will really give it to me if I heal your son?”
Chen Ping asked the middle-aged man!
The middle-aged man was slightly stunned, then he laughed out loud, “Hahaha, my Xiao Yuan Shan’s words are of course a promise, if you don’t believe me, you can ask the people present.”
“After you heal my son, I will immediately present the Immortal Bone with both hands.”
“Good, bring your son here!”
Chen Ping said!
Xiao Yuanshan looked at Chen Ping and his shaky figure slowly disappeared!
After Xiao Yuanshan left, the scene was in an uproar!
“Holy sh*t, I really didn’t think that the person with the first disease would be the imperial son of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, it’s too unbelievable.”
“Emperor Xiao’s son is exceptionally gifted, I heard that he had already reached the Mahayana realm years ago, only that he has gone quiet in recent years, I didn’t think that he was sick.”
“Could it be that Imperial Prince Xiao has cultivated an evil power? Caused to go off the rails and become manic and bloodthirsty isn’t it?”
“Don’t talk nonsense, be careful of your little life, there are many reasons that cause mania and bloodlust, it’s not necessarily going off the rails.”
The crowd was talking, while Chen Ping was listening in a daze!
He didn’t know any Xiao Dynasty, much less any Emperor!
“Ai, I really didn’t expect that the person with the first illness would be the imperial son of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, no wonder he was able to come up with a reward like the Immortal Bone!”
Chen Wenliang said with a light sigh!
“President Chen, what is this Xiao Imperial Dynasty? And who is this Xiao Yuanshan?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion!
Chen Wenliang glanced at Chen Ping, he really couldn’t believe whether Chen Ping was from the Celestial Realm or not!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, this Xiao Imperial Dynasty is a kingdom that covers a third of the entire Western Region.”
“Other clans and families, being able to control a clan and a city is already considered good.”
“While the Xiao Imperial Dynasty has as many as hundreds of cities under its jurisdiction, this is the largest force in the Celestial Realm.”
Chen Wenliang explained to Chen Ping!
“Holy sh*t, so bullish?”Chen Ping was also a bit baffled upon hearing this, so he hurriedly continued to ask, “Then what is this Xiao Yuanshan just now?”
“This person is the Xiao Emperor of the Xiao Dynasty, and the person who got sick should be his son, Xiao Feng.”
Chen Wenliang said!
“What realm is this person in? Surprisingly, he is able to control such a large area in the Celestial Realm?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!