It instantly slapped on top of Chen Ping’s sword qi.
But a wave of Qi struck Chen Ping’s sword Qi and was instantly chopped to pieces by the sword Qi.
There was still a gap between Ning Zhi’s strength and Chen Ping’s.
But Ning Zhi didn’t panic, he took the vajra in his hand and slapped it hard!
The pestle emitted a humming sound, the sound spreading out in all directions like a wave!
The sword qi that Chen Ping wielded was all shattered and disappeared when it hit this sound wave!
Chen Ping was also knocked back by this sound wave, and his face became a little ugly!
“Haha, Chen Ping, have you forgotten that I have a Martial Saint Weapon in my hand?”
“With this level of strength, you won’t be able to carry the fatal blow of a Martial Saint Artifact at all.”
Ning Zhi laughed arrogantly.
“f*ck you, I will take your dog’s life today ……”
Chen Ping’s heart was filled with rage, and his entire body was trembling slightly from the extreme anger!
Watching Su Yuqi being locked up in the iron cage was hard for Chen Ping, his entire heart felt like it was being pierced by ten thousand arrows!
Chen Ping’s body was trembling, and the Dragon Chopper Sword in his hand was making a humming sound!
A golden glow was flickering as the Incorruptible Golden Body activated, a sheet of scales glowing with golden light, covering Chen Ping’s entire body!
“Chen Ping, leave me alone, you go, go quickly, this is a trap ……”
Su Yuqi was in the cage, shouting at Chen Ping!
“Talkative!”
Ning Zhi snorted coldly, followed by a wave of his palm, a strong qi transformed into a whip and ruthlessly smacked on top of the iron cage!
The iron cage suddenly shook, but a red mark was added to Su Yuqi’s body.
But Su Yuqi didn’t say a word ……
“My God. Your ancestor …………”
Chen Ping was furious, and along with a roar, he once again headed towards Ning Zhi!
But this time when Chen Ping moved, the dozen or so black bronze robes around him moved at the same time!
One of the Black Bronze Robes slapped his palm at the back of Chen Ping’s head with a sharp wind!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s heart was overwhelmed with grief and anger as he faced the black bronze robe’s attack and slashed down with his sword!
Brush ……
A golden light flashed, followed by a miserable scream!
The black bronze robe who had slapped at the back of Chen Ping’s head was now drenched in blood as his arm was severed with a single sword strike.
When the other Black Bronze Robes saw this, they all couldn’t help but suck in a cold breath.
“Everyone here today, will die ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open, his eyes were red, and the killing intent on his body kept rising up.
“Chen Ping, you are really good at bragging, if you were really capable, you would have saved your girlfriend a long time ago.”
“Bragging all day long outside, you can’t even save your own girlfriend, what kind of a person are you?”
Ning Zhi was pleasantly surprised to see Chen Ping furious, and used his voice even more to irritate him!
Sure enough, when Chen Ping heard Ning Zhi’s words, he became even more furious, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand pointed straight at Ning Zhi: “Ning Zhi, today I will gut you ……”
Chen Ping’s aura skyrocketed as he held the sword in one hand, and the light from the Zeng Long Sword shot out!
A golden dragon manifested and rose up around the Dragon Cutting Sword!
Chen Ping then swung violently, and the first sword of the Nine Shadows divine Sword came out in a smooth motion!
The terrifying sword aura carried the hiss of the golden dragon and headed straight for Ning Zhi!
Ning Zhi had the Martial Saint Weapon in his hand, so he was naturally not afraid of Chen Ping!
Ning Zhi raised his vajra, and then the vajra was also overflowing with light, followed by a light that instantly met him!
Boom!
There was a loud bang, and the aftermath spread out in all directions.
The black bronze robes all resisted the aftershocks, while Su Yuqi, who was locked in the iron cage, was affected by the waves, and the whole cage shook, while Su Yuqi’s body was scarred and looked in a terrible state!
“Yuqi …………”
Chen Ping saw the situation, his eyes were filled with incomparable concern!
“Chen Ping, continue ah, you can use your full strength, as long as you are not afraid that your girlfriend died under your sword!”
“I am indifferent, with the Martial Saint Weapon in my hand, you can’t hurt me ……”
Ning Zhi stood in front of the iron cage and provoked Chen Ping!