“A magic weapon can still have this kind of ability, it’s really powerful ah ……”
Ji Yun’s eyes were filled with envy!
Chen Ping was not surprised, it was normal for some ancient magic weapons, spirit weapons or divine weapons, to have all kinds of functions!
Only how this family got such ancient magic weapons made Chen Ping wonder!
Ji Meiyan could see the puzzled look on Chen Ping’s face, so she continued “The owner of this house is called Cai Hongwei, and he is proficient in the art of geomancy, so over the years, he has been organising people to travel to the Southern Region for Taobao, and he is more than familiar with the roads leading to the Southern Region.”
“Like this kind of Taobao people, are the life on the belt, I heard that every time you go out to Taobao, come back will die a lot of people.”
“But Cai Hongwei is proficient in the art of geocaching, so every time he can find some treasures, and those who go with him, the danger will be much smaller, which causes every time before moving, there will be a lot of people come to choose to travel with them.”
“But Cai Hongwei isn’t just taking anyone with him, he needs to go through an examination before he can do so, and he must also be introduced by an acquaintance, or else he won’t even be able to meet, let alone meet, he won’t even be able to find this one out of the courtyard.”
“But don’t worry, I followed his daughter Cai Qiannan who has known her since she was a child, so even if the position is full, the three of you will have no problem.”
“Then the magic weapon that opened up this side of space, could it be that Cai Hongwei plucked it?” Chen Ping asked!
“It should be, it has not been seen before, this side of space was only opened a few years ago, so I guess it was plucked from outside.”
Ji Meiyan nodded and said!
Chen Ping this is on that Cai Hongwei began to be interested in, to know that this celestial realm is different from the secular world, the celestial realm has a lot of gods and demons battlefield, also do not know how many ancient great powers buried, if this Cai Hongwei really have the art of geocaching and training acupuncture points, then it can be a real talent!
Speaking of which, this Cai Hongwei is similar to those grave robbers in the secular world, in order to get treasures, one must first find a good place to do so!
“Great niece, why do you have time to come to my place today? I’ve heard that quite a few things have happened in your Ji family in the last few days, is your father alright?”
Accompanied by a cheerful voice, Cai Hongwei walked in with large strides!
Through the tone of voice that followed Ji Meiyan’s conversation, it was clear that Cai Hongwei had a good relationship with Ji Lianjun!
“Uncle Cai, my father is quite well, there’s nothing more going on in the Ji family, I came today to bring a few friends who want to follow Uncle Cai to the Southern Region.”
Ji Meiyan said bluntly!
Cai Hongwei turned his head to look at Chen Ping and the three of them, then his face revealed a touch of difficulty!
After all, Chen Ping and the others looked very young and their strength was not high, they were only in the Harmonisation Realm!
“Eldest niece, as you know, I’m going to the Southern Domain, this journey is full of dangers and the casualties are very huge, if these few friends of yours follow me, I’m afraid I’m not capable of protecting them ah.”
Cai Hongwei politely rejected Ji Meiyan!
If Chen Ping and the others followed, it would be the same as finding a few burdens for himself, Cai Hongwei would not agree to it!
“What danger can there be in taking a teleportation array to the Southern Domain?” Ji Yun said in confusion!
They just don’t know the way, if they know Zhu Huangcheng, they can go to the southern region by themselves, and they can’t use this Cai Hongwei!
Cai Hongwei glanced at Ji Yun and then said “I’ve never taken a transmission array to the Southern Region.”
“Not in a teleportation array?” Ji Yun froze!
“Sitting in a teleportation array, you have to travel from here to Vermilion Emperor City, and then wait for a teleportation to the Southern Domain, it’s too time consuming, I’ve always travelled directly to the Southern Domain from here, the road is much closer, it’s just that it’s very treacherous.”
“So like you guys who are not very strong, it’s not very suitable to follow me, you guys just go directly to Zhu Huang City to take the teleportation array.”
Cai Hongwei said!