Xiao Yuanshan took a step forward and followed suit with a punch!
Boom!
This punch directly blew that Tenth Highness back a hundred miles away!
Xiao Yuanshan did not stop, but rather, his figure flickered and arrived in front of the Tenth Highness with another punch!
Boom!
The Tenth Highness once again retreated a hundred miles!
This time, everyone was so excited that they couldn’t wait to jump to their feet!
Although all of the spirit beasts in the Imperial City had lost their lives, they had died a good death!
The entire Imperial City constantly had breath pouring into Xiao Yuanshan!
At this moment, Xiao Yuanshan was not fighting alone!
Xiao Yuanshan sent a torrential rain of attacks at the Tenth Highness, he wanted to avenge the dead subjects of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and to give the Xiao Imperial Dynasty a proper name!
The Xiao Imperial Dynasty was not made of clay!
Xiao Yuanshan’s attacks were sharp, and although that Tenth Highness was retreating, he did not panic in the slightest, instead, he calmly dodged Xiao Yuanshan’s attacks!
When Chen Ping saw this scene, his brows frowned slightly and there was some concern on his face!
Although it appeared that Xiao Yuanshan had the upper hand and the Tenth Highness was being beaten back, that Tenth Highness did not look flustered!
Moreover, that 10th Highness was not taking out any weapons, Chen Ping did not believe that that 10th Highness only had that long sword in his hand!
Boom!
Accompanied by a loud bang, countless fist winds forced that 10th Highness back hundreds of miles!
Although Xiao Yuanshan’s every attack was terrifying, that Tenth Highness did not suffer much damage!
“Looks like I should have some fun with you!”
As the Tenth Highness finished speaking, a long blade suddenly appeared in his hand!
This long blade, surprisingly, followed the one that shattered exactly!
“Chop ……”
The Tenth Highness chopped down!
The terrifying blade awn went straight towards Xiao Yuanshan!
Xiao Yuanshan did not dare to be careless, he could only clench his hands, countless breaths were added to his body, and he fiercely blasted out a fist to ward off that blade awn!
This time, Xiao Yuanshan put in all his strength!
The opponent had even used a weapon, so that proved that he was also using all his strength!
Boom!
Boom!
The moment the blade aura and the fist wind met, Xiao Yuanshan’s face changed drastically!
Xiao Yuanshan’s fist wind was instantly chopped and collapsed, and his entire body was also blasted on top of his body by that blade aura!
Xiao Yuanshan’s body flew backwards and the aura within his body instantly collapsed!
The auras of all those spirit beasts within the Imperial City also disappeared!
The Tenth Highness did not stop, instead, the long blade in his hand was waved once again!
Boom!
Another blow was struck, and this blade once again slashed at Xiao Yuanshan’s body!
Those spirit beast auras that had gathered within Xiao Yuanshan’s body completely disappeared!
When the crowd saw this scene, they were all instantly confused as well!
The contrast was simply too great!
Just now, Xiao Yuanshan had used the aura of the Spirit Beasts within the Imperial City to beat that Tenth Highness backwards!
How could it be that in the blink of an eye, the other party had become so powerful?
This balance of victory and defeat had tilted too quickly!
Xiao Yuanshan’s body fell heavily in front of everyone’s eyes, the wounds on his body began to bleed, and his face was unsightly!
Everyone looked at Xiao Yuanshan, not knowing how to speak or how to comfort!
“Emperor Xiao, you are actually not an opponent either?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Xiao Yuanshan!
Xiao Yuanshan shook his head, “Not an opponent, this child in front of me, his strength is too terrifying, to have this kind of strength at such an age, I’m afraid that he is not a cultivator from the Celestial Realm.”
After all, there were thousands of worlds in the universe, the Celestial Realm was just one of the insignificant cultivation worlds!
“Your Majesty, if not, you can utilise your ancestor’s secret method to absorb the power of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s Qi, and perhaps there is still a chance!”
Yu Wenqiang said to Xiao Yuanshan!
“No, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s Qi Luck is not my own, how could I just absorb it.”
“Without the Qi Luck, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty is afraid that there is no way for it to last for a long time.”
Xiao Yuanshan shook his head!
Xiao Yuanshan’s words had just finished when the sound of the ground shaking came from all sides of the Imperial City!
Immediately after that, more than a hundred thousand troops swarmed over the city, every soldier of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was in silver helmets and golden armour, and countless auras filled the air above the Imperial City!