Chen Ping frowned and hurriedly mobilized his spiritual energy, but he found that his dantian was not moving, he could not mobilize any spiritual energy at all!
At this moment, Chen Ping was a bit panicked!
If he couldn’t mobilise his spiritual energy, it meant that Chen Ping was undoubtedly following an ordinary person.
“Hahahaha, don’t bother, this is my Gu family’s Demon Suppression Tower, everyone who enters here will have their strength suppressed, except for us Gu family members of course ……”
Gu Kaiyuan looked at Chen Ping’s somewhat panicked look and laughed loudly.
“Where is my girlfriend?”
Chen Ping looked at Gu Kaiyuan coldly.
“Don’t rush, just give me a walk ……”
Gu Kaiyuan led the way, and the two of them stepped on the gilded staircase, walking upwards step by step.
Along the way, Chen Ping desperately unleashed his Heart Condensation Technique, trying to get the spiritual energy in his dantian to break through the restraints, but it was no use at all!
Just as Chen Ping was about to give up, the dragon crystal within his dantian suddenly flickered, followed by the power of the divine dragon within Chen Ping’s body breaking through the fetters.
After the fetters were broken, the spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s dantian began to tumble wildly, and Chen Ping’s strength was instantly restored, except that at this moment, the excited Gu Kaiyuan was still unaware of it.
It was only after he had gone all the way up to the third floor that Chen Ping saw Gu Ling’er, who had been brought here, in an empty hall.
When Gu Ling’er saw Chen Ping coming, she immediately looked a little excited: “Chen Ping, where is this? Where are we?”
Gu Ling’er’s mind was still stuck in Locked Dragon Island, where she had fallen unconscious.
Chen Ping had brought Gu Ling’er to the northwest, and Gu Ling’er had no idea at all.
“Ling’er, we are now in the Northwest, you don’t need to be afraid, it’s alright ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly tried to go over to calm Gu Ling’er, but was stopped by Gu Kaiyuan with a hand.
“What? My kung fu is all restricted now, I’m just an ordinary person, are you still afraid of me when I become an ordinary person?”
Chen Ping saw that Gu Kaiyuan was stopping him, so he said with an indifferent face.
“Bullsh*t, who the hell is afraid of you, within this Demon Subduing Tower, you Chen Ping can never be my opponent ……”
Gu Kaiyuan let go of Chen Ping, allowing Chen Ping to run over and hug over Ling’er tightly.
“Chen Ping, what the hell is going on here? How did we get here? I can’t feel any aura on me at all ……”
Hugging Chen Ping, Gu Ling’er asked in a panic.
“Ling’er, I’ll explain it to you when I have time, I’ll destroy this group of guys in front of me first!”
Chen Ping comforted Gu Ling’er and said.
“Chen Ping, now that you’ve seen your girlfriend and she’s woken up, it’s time to hand over the stuff to me!”
Gu Kaiyuan said smugly.
“Hand it over to you?” Chen Ping let out a cold laugh, “You are also worthy, since my girlfriend has woken up, it is useless to keep you, you should die ……”
Seeing Chen Ping talking after himself like this, Gu Kaiyuan just froze, then stormed out, “Good boy, since you seek your own death, I will kill you and take the dragon crystal directly from your body ……”
“You two, kill him ……”
Gu Kaiyuan ordered to his two men.
Chen Ping was now an ordinary person, so dealing with him would not require Gu Kaiyuan to do anything at all.
“Yes!”
The two men finished speaking and rushed towards Chen Ping with quick steps.
“Ling’er, dodge out of the way!” Chen Ping told Gu Ling’er to dodge, and then looked at the two men rushing over, the corners of his mouth lifted, “It’s just time to take you two to open up the meat ……”
These two people were all fifth grade Martial Sects, and were considered experts in the martial arts world.
But just as the two men rushed in front of Chen Ping, they only saw an appalling aura instantly erupt from Chen Ping’s body, instantly subduing the two men.
Both of them were stunned, they also thought that the strength on Chen Ping had long been suppressed and turned into an ordinary person, but now they felt this aura, which was obviously higher than them.