Although Chen Ping was not strong enough to defeat these people, let alone several of them on the other side!
But Chen Ping knew that he still had killing moves!
The Heaven Swallowing Beast, the Little Fire Qilin, the Divine King’s Bow, the Dragon Tattoo Bell ……
And that Red Cloud Demon Monarch in his sea of consciousness, these were Chen Ping’s killing moves!
Rumbling …………
All the power within Chen Ping’s body began to sweep from the inside out.
In this instant, Chen Ping’s aura began to insanely skyrocket!
Facing a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping did not dare to take it lightly, let alone the fact that there was more than one other person on the other side!
When the aura within Chen Ping’s body skyrocketed to a terrifying level, even the surrounding void unexpectedly began to distort!
That old Sun looked at Chen Ping and frowned slightly, “This cannot be the aura that the seventh rank of the Transition Realm is capable of erupting, this brat really does have something.”
After saying that, Old Sun took a step forward, followed by raising his hand and pressing!
With a gap of nearly a large realm, even if Chen Ping acted terrifyingly, Old Sun would not be afraid!
Boom!
Suddenly, the void above Chen Ping’s head cracked open and a huge palm slapped down towards him!
This palm caused the distorted void to nearly collapse!
Facing the terrifying palm, a stern look flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes as the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand was swung out, countless sword intent cutting through a sword awn that shot up into the sky!
The sword awns followed the terrifying palm as it collided, instantly tearing the palm apart!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, he did not expect that a strike from a Mahayana Realm 4th Grade would be broken so easily, this should not be the case!
However, just as Chen Ping froze, a sudden dangerous sensation struck him, followed by Chen Ping’s pupils shrinking as a silhouette instantly arrived in front of him!
Then a fist came towards Chen Ping’s face, this fist did not have any words in the moves, there is only simple and simple power of the Great Dao!
Chen Ping’s eyes condensed, and did not retreat, because he knew that at this time even if he retreated, he simply could not hide, and could only be tough!
Narrow road meets the brave to win ……
The Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand stabbed out!
Boom!
Chen Ping only felt his body lighten and was directly sent flying out by a huge force.
However, while his body flew out backwards, the Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand swung out countless sword blossoms, sealing off all paths!
Old Sun ignored the sword blossoms that Chen Ping swung out and charged towards Chen Ping once again!
Boom Boom Boom …………
A single sword flower hit that Old Sun’s body, but surprisingly, it did not cause any damage to him, nor could it block that Old Sun’s figure at all!
Seeing that the old grandson had reached his eyes, the sword intent within Chen Ping surged, and the Dragon Cutting Sword let out a dragon’s roar as it stabbed straight towards the old grandson’s chest!
However, the old grandson did not dodge and allowed the Dragon Sword to stab at his body!
Clang!
The old grandson’s body slightly trembled, followed by a terrifying aura that shook out, while the Dragon Slashing Sword was inches away from the old grandson’s chest, but it was no longer able to advance the slightest bit!
Chen Ping frowned, the power in his body erupted once again, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand continued to exert force, but he could make no way to pierce into that old grandson’s body, which made Chen Ping’s face become very ugly!
“You can’t hurt me ……”
Old Sun sneered, then blasted a fist to smash the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand!
When Chen Ping saw this, he hastily withdrew his sword and retreated backwards!
The Zhan Long Sword still had a flaw, the Sword Spirit Zhong Li had not been restored, if the Zhan Long Sword was destroyed by this Old Sun, then the Sword Spirit Zhong Li would be gone forever!
Chen Ping could not let the Dragon Sword be damaged, so he could only withdraw with his sword and follow the old Sun to distance himself!
Chen Ping looked at the old Sun in front of him, he could not help but frown deeply, this fellow was constantly high in strength, and his flesh was also very strong, it looked like this fellow’s flesh had also been tempered many times!
“I want to see, is your fleshly body strong, or is my fleshly body strong ……”
Chen Ping surprisingly put away his Dragon Cutting Sword, and his Unbreakable Golden Body activated!
A golden scale began to cover Chen Ping’s entire body as if it was a golden armour!