“Master Hu, wait, I’ll go down ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly stopped Pocky Hu.
Pocky Hu stopped himself and said, “I can tell you, if you get killed by the fire, don’t blame me ……”
“Don’t worry, I don’t blame you!”
Chen Ping’s eyes were steely!
Soon, a golden light emanated from Chen Ping’s body, the Incorruptible Golden Body activated, a golden scale covered Chen Ping’s whole body!
Chen Ping once again looked at the deep pit and with a final grit of his teeth, he plunged in!
Rolling waves of heat instantly enveloped Chen Ping, and then Chen Ping’s whole body burst into flames!
Fortunately, with his imperishable golden body in place, he was able to block the flames, and Chen Ping’s clothes did not get burnt!
But the heat wave, constantly drilling into Chen Ping’s body, the feeling of being roasted, made Chen Ping grit his teeth, his eyes covered with blood!
At this moment, Chen Ping was like being in a closed cauldron, then being roasted by a huge fire!
Although the direct contact of the flames with the clothes could be eliminated, there was no way to isolate that kind of heat!
Zi Zi Zi …………
Chen Ping could hear the direct sizzling of his skin, making a zipping sound!
He even felt like he was going to be cooked, and at this time a kind of roasted meat smell was coming out!
“Holy sh*t, it’s not really roasted, is it?”
Hu Ma Zi was up there, and after smelling a burst of roasted meat, his face couldn’t help but look ugly!
But at this moment, Chen Ping’s body was still falling, Chen Ping was suffering the most excruciating pain in the world!
The spiritual energy around him and the power of the divine Dragon had been exerted to the utmost, but they still couldn’t stop the rolling heat!
Poof …………
Chen Ping’s body landed directly into the lava, and then his body began to fall rapidly!
Chen Ping was shocked and instinctively tried to pull his legs out, but the lava was like a huge suction force, constantly pulling Chen Ping downwards!
Soon, the lava reached Chen Ping’s chest and his eyes were filled with despair!
“It’s over, it’s completely over …………”
In Chen Ping’s mind, images of the past began to flash continuously, his parents, Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er …………
Chen Ping had never thought that he would die like this!
In the end, he was afraid that even his bones would not be left behind, and that even his soul would vanish into thin air!
But just as Chen Ping was about to be engulfed by the lava, a figure suddenly jumped down from above!
This figure was instantly swallowed up by the flames too!
Chen Ping tilted his head and looked on, his heart filled with emotion.
“Master Hu, I didn’t expect you to sacrifice your life and death in a life and death situation ……”
Chen Ping thought the one who jumped down was Hu Ma Zi!
But it wasn’t until the figure fell in front of him that Chen Ping realized that the one who jumped down was actually Ge Yuhan!
At this moment, Ge Yuhan was naked and her clothes had long been burnt to ashes by the fire!
Only Ge Yuhan’s crystal clear skin had not been half harmed!
Ge Yuhan landed on top of the lava, and then looked at Chen Ping in a daze.
“Yu Han, pull me, pull me quickly ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly called out to Ge Yuhan for help!
As if she understood, Ge Yuhan directly stretched out her hand and pulled Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s sinking body was stopped, but Ge Yuhan’s body was starting to sink!
Soon, Ge Yuhan’s calves were engulfed by the lava!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly let go of Ge Yuhan and then shouted, “Go, leave me alone, you go up quickly ……”
But no matter how much Chen Ping shouted, Ge Yuhan’s eyes were dull, as if she hadn’t heard him!
Gradually, Ge Yuhan’s body was about to be engulfed by the lava, Chen Ping was very anxious inside, but there was nothing he could do!
In the end, both Chen Ping and Ge Yuhan’s bodies were swallowed up and no longer visible!