“Fellow Daoist Chen, there won’t be any traps in these things, right?”
Ouyang Zhenhua asked worriedly!
“Don’t worry senior, I have already observed it, it will be fine.”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, the crowd began to swarm and scramble for the things inside the room!
They were eager to move the entire compound.
Chen Ping then walked out of the compound and found another well-preserved compound to observe!
Under observation, Chen Ping then understood that the formations of the various compounds were not connected, and should have been laid by the cultivators of each compound, themselves!
After all, everyone’s cultivation level, as well as the perception of formations were different, so it was normal for the formations to be laid differently!
But there was one thing, and that was that these courtyards were all multiple formation fusions with breath instilled within!
That is to say, other cultivators who came to the compound would not suffer from the attacks of the compound’s formations!
Chen Ping broke the formations with ease, and then walked into the compound as if he had walked into his own home!
Bing Lu and the others had also seen Chen Ping’s skills and followed behind, not scared at all!
Walking into the compound, it was pretty much the same layout and furnishings inside!
Only that there was no room for drawing charms in this courtyard, it should be that this one cultivator did not know the charm art!
Turning round, there was nothing good, Chen Ping was slightly disappointed!
If there was nothing inside these intact courtyards, then the other collapsed and dilapidated places should be even more devoid of anything!
“Mr Chen, look what’s this,”
Bing Lu suddenly took out a scroll from the corner of the room that had long since been covered in dust!
“Be careful ……”
Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly snatched the scroll over!
If there were any trap mechanisms or traps on it, Bing Lu would be in danger!
But fortunately, there was no trap mechanism, and Binglu was fine!
Chen Ping took the scroll and realised that it was just an ordinary object, and he could not feel any aura emanating from it!
The more so, Chen Ping was a bit strange!
According to the things here, there should not be no aura at all!
After all, it is through the hands of the immortals, even if it is a random thing, in this heavenly realm should also be a treasure!
How could there be no aura fluctuation at all, so ordinary?
To put it bluntly, even if it is an immortal’s urine, if it reaches the Celestial Realm, it should be holy water, filled with spiritual qi or immortal qi!
Chen Ping tried again and found that this scroll still did not have the slightest fluctuation of spiritual qi!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then found a table and opened the scroll little by little!
Chen Ping was very careful, because he did not know what would be inside the scroll!
When half of the scroll was opened, Chen Ping found that there were even paintings of courtyards and pavilions on it, and the paintings were very beautiful, and they were very similar to each other!
When the scroll was completely opened, a majestic painting of the sect appeared in front of Chen Ping and them!
“This is …… what the Wuji Holy Sect looked like before it was destroyed?”
Chen Ping’s heart was filled with shock as he looked at the scroll in front of him!
Because looking at that scroll, the Wuji Sacred Sect was indeed grand and magnificent, a thousand times stronger than the current dilapidated image!
Even if it was in such a state of disrepair, Chen Ping felt that it was incomparably grand!
Then, one could imagine how shocking the scene was before it fell into disrepair!
Chen Ping’s breathing became a little short, even Bing Lu and the others were shocked beyond measure!
The grandiose Wuji Holy Sect was filled with people!
And each and every person on it was also exquisitely beautiful, as if they were coming to life!
“It turns out that the previous Wuji Holy Sect was so glorious, what a pity ……”
Chen Ping could not help but sigh!
Such a brilliant sect was also submerged in the river of history, if it wasn’t for the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Chen Ping wouldn’t have been able to find this place, then the Wuji Sacred Sect wouldn’t have known how long it would be buried, and perhaps future generations wouldn’t have known that there was such a sect as the Wuji Sacred Sect.