Cheng Jinghui also knew that he was at a disadvantage, his face was gloomy as he said, “This guy killed my disciple, how can I let him go ……”
“Patriarch Cheng, what happened in the middle of the Divine Demon Battlefield can’t be brought to the Heavenly Demon Mountain, since we jointly set the rules, we can’t do it in my Xuan Yin Sect.”
“Outside of my Xuan Yin Sect, you guys can fight however you like, I don’t care ……”
“But not here, if Patriarch Cheng insists on making a move, then don’t blame us for being impolite.”
Patriarch Kong of the Xuan Yin Sect said with great displeasure!
“Cheng Jinghui, it is indeed out of character for you to strike out at a junior here ……”
“You were present when the rules were customised, how can you break them yourself!”
“That’s right, you’ve gone a bit overboard, if you make a move, we won’t be polite.”
A few people behind Patriarch Kong also accused Cheng Jinghui!
Cheng Jinghui’s face was unsightly as he snorted coldly, “Hmph, each of you are now pretending to be sages, when your disciples are also killed, I’ll see if you can still be so sages.”
After Cheng Jinghui finished speaking, he looked towards Chen Ping and said, “Kid, you wait for me ……”
After saying that, Cheng Jinghui turned around and left!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, glanced at the few people behind Patriarch Kong and asked Luo Shouhai, “Valley Master Luo, who are those few who just opened their mouths?”
“Oh, they are all people from the five major clans near the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the five major clans also have disciples entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, so they are waiting.”
“I reckon that the five major clans must have gained a lot this time, they sent out the Five Sons of the Human Jie, which are the most gifted among the five major clans.”
Luo Shouhai said with slight envy!
When Chen Ping heard this, he couldn’t help but laugh, that Human Jie Five Sons had already been killed by Qi Peijia, so where was there any harvest left!
“Dad, let’s go, Mr Chen must be tired from being in the Divine Demon Battlefield these past few days, let him go and take a rest!”
Luo Xi said to Luo Shouhai!
“Alright, let’s go ……”
Luo Shouhai nodded and led Chen Ping and the others towards the Blood Spirit Valley!
Not long after Chen Ping and the others left the Xuan Yin Sect, suddenly a figure quickly came towards Chen Ping!
Luo Shouhai was startled, he thought it was that Cheng Jing who would not die and was waiting outside the Xuan Yin Sect!
On the other hand, Bai Shallow, who was beside Chen Ping, leapt up and slapped her palm at the figure!
“Mr Chen, it’s me ……”
The figure shouted, while Chen Ping hurriedly told Bai Shallow to stop!
It turned out to be that Elder Fei who had hurriedly come!
“Mr Chen, you can finally come out, I …… My poison is about to strike, right?I beg Mr Chen to give me the antidote!”
Elder Fei begged!
It turned out that this Elder Fei had been waiting for Chen Ping to appear, Chen Ping had given him the poison, and without an antidote, he was going to die from the poison!
“You haven’t helped me with anything yet, who am I to give you the antidote?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Mr Chen, that Zuo Xuan and Elder Chu didn’t leave the Heavenly Demon Mountain, they are still waiting to kill you!”
Elder Fei said to Chen Ping!
“Kill me?”Chen Ping sneered, “Then let them come, I am not afraid of them now.”
Chen Ping now had Bai Shallow by his side, which was a seventh grade great cultivator of the Transition Realm, how could Chen Ping be afraid of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Mr Chen, the strength of the Demon Sealing Alliance is far more terrifying than you can imagine, otherwise how could there be Demon Sealing Alliance sub-runs throughout the entire Celestial Realm.”
“Please also give me the antidote, I am willing to continue to work undercover for Mr Chen, as long as Mr Chen grasps the movements of that Demon Sealing Alliance, there is no need to be afraid.”
Elder Fei tried his best to show his value and make Chen Ping feel useful!
After Chen Ping heard this, he felt that this Elder Fei was right, so he pulled out a pill from his body and said, “If you eat this, you won’t be poisoned within half a month, if you dare to play tricks, I will let you die a painful death.”
“No, I will definitely not play tricks.”
Elder Fei took Chen Ping’s elixir and swallowed it in one gulp before turning around and leaving!
He couldn’t leave for too long for fear of being suspected by that Zuo Xuan!