“What are you?”
Chen Ping looked at the golden figure in front of him and asked carefully!
“Isn’t it a little strange for you to come to me and ask who I am?”
The figure slowly spoke, slowly turning his body around!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood and hurriedly arched his hand and said, “Junior pays his respects to the Pill God Senior ……”
Chen Ping knew that the person in front of him should be the wisp of residual soul left behind when the Pill God fell.
“You are the only one who has seen me in all these years, so my legacy will also be passed on to yours.”
“However, in order to receive my inheritance, you must worship under my door.”
The figure slowly said!
“One must also worship under me?”Chen Ping frowned slightly!
He wanted to obtain the inheritance, but he also did not want to worship his master ah, although the strength of this Pill God was not bad, but to be his own master, Chen Ping always felt that it was still almost meaningless!
“What? You are not willing?”The figure was slightly stunned!
If this was someone else, and the Pill God had opened his mouth to pay homage to his master and accept the inheritance, he would have happily fallen to his knees!
After all, in the eyes of these cultivators, the Pill God was an Immortal anyways, an Immortal from the Heavenly Realm!
To be able to worship an Immortal as a teacher, I’m afraid it was the dream of all cultivators!
But Chen Ping was different!
Chen Ping had seen more and more people from the Heavenly Realm, and each of them had extraordinary strength!
Just that Divine Ripple Ancestor and also the Formation Demon, I am afraid that their strength and status in the Heavenly Realm is higher than this Pill God!
Not to mention the Red Cloud Demon Lord in his sea of consciousness!
There was also that Wuji Sacred Sect, that was also a Heaven Realm Sect, the entire Celestial Realm was opened up by the Wuji Sacred Sect!
All of these were Heavenly Realm Immortals that Chen Ping had not worshipped, and now that he was being asked to worship a tiny Pill God, Chen Ping would definitely hesitate!
“Senior, I haven’t thought about it for a while with this sudden offer to worship a master from you!”
Chen Ping said politely!
After hearing this, the Pill God was instantly a little upset, “Kid, I am a straight person, so I like to be straightforward, if I didn’t see that you passed the test and have extraordinary qualifications, I wouldn’t take you as my disciple even if you were to beg me on your knees.”
“And if you worship me as your master, I can give you a great gift, and my inheritance, when the time comes, your medical skills will be beyond everyone’s reach.”
“I can allow you to improve your medical skills as well as your alchemy for a short period of time, and even allow you to improve your realm and impact a higher realm!”
“Don’t think that pill masters are only capable of refining pills and their realm advancement is slow, that’s all because the current pill masters are just ignorant and incompetent!”
After the Pill God finished speaking, he raised his hand and swept it gently, the darkness around him instantly disappeared, and a ray of light descended from the sky, illuminating the place with a great deal of light!
It was only then that Chen Ping realised that the place where he was at the moment was actually the interior of the Pill Cauldron Mountain, the entire Pill Cauldron Mountain was hollow, and after climbing to the top of the mountain, one could see a deep abyss that could not be seen from the bottom!
At this moment, Chen Ping was in the middle of this abyss, and light shone down from the top of the mountain.
Just as the entire bottom was illuminated, Chen Ping realised that the entire Pill Cauldron Mountain had become transparent!
He could even see Chen Wenliang and Liu Ruyan and the others through the mountain!
There was also Su Tianshuo who kept climbing the mountain, and even the Zhou Family and Zhen Family crowd appeared before Chen Ping’s eyes!
All the pill masters who were at the Pill Cauldron Mountain were all presented in front of Chen Ping!
Their every move was clearly seen by Chen Ping!
Only, none of them could have possibly thought that Chen Ping was actually inside the Pill Cauldron Mountain at the moment, observing them!
“See these pill masters? All of them are wastes, none of them are gifted and intelligent, they won’t be able to achieve anything great even if they cultivate for the rest of their lives.”
The Pill God swept a glance at the crowd on Pill Cauldron Mountain, his face filled with disappointment!
“Senior, of course everyone’s natural talent is different, but natural talent doesn’t mean everything, even for those with foolish natural talent, if they are willing to work hard, they will still succeed.”
Chen Ping was clearly not too agreeable to the Pill God’s words!