Upon hearing this, Anna nodded and hurriedly pulled Duke Rose and hid behind Chen Ping.
Only a faint light flickered around Chen Ping, directly isolating those black fogs to the outside.
“Master, is this enough to kill them all?”
At that moment, came that Hal’s voice.
“Prince Hal, don’t worry, this is a poisonous fog of mine, once you suck it in, you will definitely die, they won’t survive.”
The sorcerer said with confidence.
After ten minutes, the black fog slowly cleared and the room began to see things!
Soon, Hal and the sorcerer saw that Chen Ping and the three of them were standing on one side of the room, and the three of them were not in the least bit unharmed.
At this, both the sorcerer and Hal were a little dumbfounded.
“Master, what …… is going on here? Didn’t you say it was certain death?”
Hal asked in disbelief.
That sorcerer was also full of confusion: “It can’t be, they must be dying if they inhaled my poisonous mist, how can they be fine?”
“This sorcery of yours is too rubbish, only such foolish people would believe in a rubbish sorcerer like you.”
Chen Ping said to the sorcerer with a disdainful face.
“Kid, how dare you talk about me like that, today I will let you see my power!”
With that said, the clothes on that sorcerer’s body unexpectedly moved without wind!
A wind began to blow inside the room, and a cloud of black mist suddenly appeared, transforming into a stern ghost, rushing towards Chen Ping and the others with open teeth and claws!
Anna and Duke Rose had never seen such a scene before, they were all terrified!
But Chen Ping indeed had a cold smile on his face, then he opened his mouth and sucked in the black mist with a huge suction force.
Although this sorcerer was not very strong, and there was not much of this Yin Qi, but a gra*shopper’s leg was still meat, and Chen Ping did not dislike it.
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually sucked that ma*s of black mist into his body, the sorcerer was instantly dumbfounded.
Immediately afterwards, his face turned pale and cold sweat broke out on his forehead!
He knew that he had met a master today!
“What else can you do, just show it all together, you won’t have a chance later ……”
Chen Ping said to the sorcerer.
The sorcerer did not say anything, but looked outside, and then leapt up and rushed out towards the outside!
Originally, this sorcerer was guarding the position of the entrance, so he quickly rushed outside!
But the sorcerer had just rushed outside, when he saw a silhouette flash by, and Chen Ping unexpectedly blocked in front of him.
The sorcerer was so shocked that he threw a punch at Chen Ping, but Chen Ping grabbed him by the collar and returned to the room in a flash!
Chen Ping threw the sorcerer to the ground as if he were carrying a small chicken!
“Spare my life, master spare my life ……”
The sorcerer was now mentally broken, in front of Chen Ping, he was like an ant!
He could only kneel on the ground and beg for mercy loudly!
Duke Ross looked at Chen Ping with some surprise, he did not expect Chen Ping to be so powerful at such a young age.
Ta-da-da …………
There was a chaotic sound of horses’ hooves, followed by hundreds of guards rushing in and surrounding the entire room.
Several tiger-backed captains of the guards entered the room and saluted Duke Ross!
“You take Hal, the rebellious son, into custody ……”
Duke Ross ordered loudly.
But the few guard captains did not move, but looked at Hal in surprise.
Hal, on the other hand, smiled coldly, “Father, now that they all obey my orders, why don’t you just behave and give up?”
“Let me tell you, not only do the guards of the Duke’s House now obey me, including the priests of the royal family, they all obey me as well.
“We have a secret base on Ice Bear Island, and in time the entire Bear Kingdom will be in my hands ……”
Hal’s heart was swollen to the core at the moment.
“You mean the relic? Don’t be dreaming your big dreams, that altar is already destroyed, as well as that priest of yours, who is long dead at this point.”
Chen Ping said with a cold laugh.