“Hello everyone ……”
Wang Han Han also smiled and greeted after everyone, but when she saw Leng Bing, her eyes dodged and didn’t dare to look directly at Leng Bing!
Wang Han Han is afraid that she can’t hold back for a moment and start a rage against Leng Bing, after all, this Leng Bing has caused her a lot of misery, but this is a cla*smate party, Wang Han Han doesn’t want to mess it up!
Seeing Wang Han Han’s eyes dodging when she saw Leng Bing, this made the crowd believe Leng Bing’s words, Wang Han Han must have done something wrong to Leng Bing, that’s why she behaved like this!
Wu Yi Fan followed Wang Han Han to greet her, and found that all the people were looking at Wang Han Han with strange eyes, which made both of them a bit baffled!
“Wang Han Han, I didn’t expect you to be this kind of person, how dare you still come to the reunion, I really misjudged you ……”
At this time, Wang Yutian was a little angry and said to Wang Han Han!
This time, put Wang Han Han directly blinded, she did not understand what this Wang Yutian actually said!
“Wang Yutian, where did Han Han P*ss you off, old cla*smates haven’t seen each other for years, why do you say such things when you see each other?”
Wu Yi Fan stepped forward and questioned Wang Yutian!
But when Wang Yutian was about to open her mouth, Leng Bing stood up: “Well, let’s not mention the past, today we are here to drink and talk about our feelings, no one should make it unpleasant ……”
Leng Bing spoke up, that Wang Yutian only then did not speak!
“Inexplicably ……”
Wu Yi Fan pulled Wang Han Han and found a seat, while Chen Ping also sat beside Wang Han Han without any problem!
Seeing Chen Ping, the crowd all looked up and down, with playfulness and contempt in their eyes!
“Han Han, who is this man? This is our cla*smates’ party, it’s not good to bring outsiders here, is it?”
Zhang Miao was the first to speak up and asked Wang Han Han.
She was asking this on purpose, she wanted to see how Wang Han Han would answer.
Wang Han Han looked at Chen Ping and opened her mouth but didn’t know how to introduce Chen Ping!
If she said that Chen Ping was her boyfriend, the two of them hadn’t established a relationship at all!
But if one were to say one’s friend, it would be inappropriate to bring a friend to an occasion like a cla*s reunion!
“Hello everyone, my name is Chen Ping, I’m Han Han’s boyfriend …………”
Chen Ping graciously got up and introduced himself with a slight smile!
Seeing Chen Ping explain in this way, Wang Han Han’s face instantly showed delight as she nodded towards Zhang Miao and said, “This is my boyfriend ……”
Zhang Miao took a look at Chen Ping and asked with a bit of contempt in his eyes, “What does your boyfriend do?”
“We work as salesmen in a company ……”
Wang Hanhan said truthfully.
“As a salesman? That should be a lot of commission, right? Nowadays, I hear that salesmen are making quite a lot of money ……”
Zhang Miao continued to ask, looking like he wanted to get to the bottom of Chen Ping’s story!
“I …… I’m not sure, we’ve only just started work a few days ago!”
Wang Han Han said with an expression on her face, she didn’t want to pay attention to this Zhang Miao!
But the more Wang Han Han didn’t want to pay attention to Zhang Miao, Zhang Miao became more and more complacent, still unrelentingly asked Wang Han Han: “Then what did your boyfriend do before he became a salesman?”
Zhang Miao wanted to force Wang Han Han to tell him about Chen Ping’s imprisonment so that he could embarra*s Wang Han Han!
Wang Han Han didn’t say anything this time because she didn’t know how to answer, after all, Chen Ping had just been released from jail, she couldn’t just say it, that would definitely be laughed at by everyone, and Chen Ping was also very humiliated!
“If your boyfriend is not happy with his job, we can all help introduce him to another one! But before introducing him, you have to get to know him first!”
Although Zhang Miao said it in a nice way, she obviously didn’t want to introduce Chen Ping to a good job, she just wanted to make a fool of Wang Han Han!