“Help, help …………”
Already some members of Shen’s family could not bear it and shouted desperately.
“If you don’t want to die, then all of you stand behind me and come ……”
At this time Chen Ping’s voice rang out, and immediately afterwards the black fog inside the room disappeared at a speed that could be seen with the naked eye.
When the black fog completely disappeared, the crowd realized that it was Chen Ping who had opened his mouth and sucked all the black fog into his stomach.
All of them were dumbfounded and looked at Chen Ping in shock, they saw him as a monster too.
“Don’t come over yet, do you all want to die?”
Chen Ping saw that the Shen family was dumbfounded and not moving, so he said coldly.
With this reminder from Chen Ping, the Shen family members finally reacted and hastily hid behind Chen Ping.
“Chen …… Mr. Chen, which god is this?”
Hiding behind Chen Ping, Shen Wanfu stuttered and asked.
“Humph, it’s just a wisp of unformed soul, it’s not a god ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold snort.
But who knew that Chen Ping’s words would directly anger Shen Wansan.
“Kid, you dare to mock me, you’re looking for death!”
Said Shen Wansan, as he spoke, his hands waved violently, and a gust of Yin wind attacked him, which were like sharp blades.
“Pensive ……”
Chen Ping pinched his fingers, only to see blue flames dancing above all ten fingertips.
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, the flames instantly headed towards Shen Wansan, directly defeating the gusts of nether wind, before burning above Shen Wansan’s body.
“Dad …………”
Seeing this scene, Shen Lang wanted to rush up.
Only to be stopped by Shen Wanfu: “Lang’er, that’s no longer your father, don’t go over there ……”
Looking at Shen Wansan with blue flames burning on his body and a miserable scream coming out of his mouth, all the people of the Shen family all looked sideways, not daring to look any further.
“Mr. Chen, the Shen family head he ……”
Although Zhou Zhiqian also knows that Shen Wansan in this matter has long been possessed by a ghost and is not himself, but he cannot watch Shen Wansan being burned to death!
“Don’t worry, this flame can’t hurt the body ……”
Chen Ping explained.
Hearing Chen Ping say this, all the Shen family members were relieved.
The flames burned for ten minutes, and Shen Wansan screamed miserably for ten minutes.
“You still don’t come out? Do you want me to use real fire and burn your godly form to death ……”
Chen Ping saw that the ghost was hesitant to come out from inside Shen Wansan’s body, his face was cold as he said.
“Kid, you have guts, wait for me ……”
As the words fell, only a stream of black gas emerged from the top of Shen Wansan’s head, followed by the black gas coalescing into the form of a man.
The man’s clothes were somewhat tattered, but his entire face was full of hideousness, with two fangs showing on the outside.
This appearance directly frightened several members of the Shen family out of their wits.
That Shen Wanfu was also so frightened that he sat down on the ground, unable to utter a word.
When Chen Ping saw that the ghost had already come out of Shen Wansan’s body, a flame appeared directly in his palm, and this time the flame was indeed red.
When he saw the red flame, the ghost’s face showed its terror and it turned into a gust of wind, blowing open the window and disappearing without a trace.
Chen Ping did not chase after it, but withdrew his spiritual power and looked at Shen Wansan, who had fallen to the ground, and gently nodded at his forehead.
Shen Wansan’s body moved a little, but it soon stopped moving, as if he was asleep.
Calm was restored inside the hall, except that many people had P*ssed themselves in fear, and looking at their ugly faces, they all went to change their clothes.
“Mr. Chen, how is my father, is he still saved?”
Shen Lang hurriedly asked to Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, your father is fine, he will wake up soon ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.