Tian Luo and Tian Shi were directly confused, they didn’t understand, what kind of people were these, why weren’t they afraid of the Demon Sealing Alliance?
Moreover, at the mention of the Demon Sealing Alliance, these people became anxious!
Why on earth?
At this moment, the two people spotted Chen Ping’s people following Lin Keting and instantly realised that these people were following Chen Ping!
No wonder they were anxious when they heard about the Demon Sealing Alliance, after all, the Demon Sealing Alliance had used a hundred years of offerings to hunt down Chen Ping!
These people were with Chen Ping, so of course they hated the Demon Sealing Alliance as well!
Thinking about this point, Tian Luo and Tian Shi then set up their stance, this place was not far from Qi Jia Town, their Patriarch should have arrived with his people right away!
As soon as Elder Left Blind heard that Lin Ke Ting had given the order, he immediately leapt up and pointed at Tian Luo, “Cao Nima, today, I have to get you killed, you little than a brat ……”
Elder Left Blind roared angrily and rushed towards Tian Luo!
Tian Luo was also cursed with a grimace, and followed suit by blasting his fist at the Left Blind Elder!
The Right Blind Elder and Heaven’s Fury also made their moves at the same time, and the several people once again mingled together!
Lin Keting, on the other hand, was quietly watching, as if she had no intention of making a move!
“Miss Lin, these Demon Sealing Alliance fellows are expected to have helpers, do we want to help and make a quick battle of it?”
Chen Ping asked Lin Keting!
“It’s best to have helpers, it’s just as well to kill them all in one go, these Demon Sealing Alliance guys, they all deserve to die!”
Lin Keting said with cold eyes!
Seeing this, Chen Ping stopped talking, he did not know why this Lin Keting hated the Demon Sealing Alliance so much.
But just as the few people were fighting soundly, suddenly a terrifying aura came from far and near!
Feeling this aura, both Chen Ping and Lin Keting’s faces changed slightly!
At the same time, the Left Blind Elder and the Right Blind Elder retreated back and forth, retreating hundreds of metres before stopping!
“Patriarch ……”
Seeing this, Tian Luo and Tian Sha hurriedly shouted!
Lin Keting and Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked towards the direction of that terrifying aura, only to see a hunchbacked old man slowly appear!
Seeing this suddenly appearing hunchbacked old man, Chen Ping and Lin Keting’s faces became very heavy!
Seeing this suddenly appearing hunchbacked old man, Chen Ping and Lin Keting’s faces became very heavy!
Lin Keting said with some incredulity, “Fourth rank of the Mahayana realm? There is still someone with such a high level of strength in this Eastern Region?”
Chen Ping’s face was also gloomy, he did not expect the Demon Sealing Alliance to send out such an expert!
An expert of the fourth rank of the Mahayana realm, this was a sure way to drive themselves to extinction!
The Left Blind Elder and the Right Blind Elder also had slightly cold faces when they saw the hunchbacked old man in front of them!
“You are Chen Ping?”
The hunchbacked old man didn’t even look at the others, but walked up to Chen Ping and asked!
“Not bad!”Chen Ping nodded without fear!
“You really do have some backbone, how dare you admit your identity, then do you know that I am here to arrest you?”
The hunchbacked old man’s eyes narrowed slightly as he said with a faint smile!
“I know!”Chen Ping still nodded!
“Since you know, then why don’t you run or hide your identity?”
The hunchbacked old man asked with some doubt!
Since Chen Ping knew that he was from the Demon Sealing Alliance and was here to capture him, but surprisingly, he was not afraid at all and did not run!
“Because I didn’t put you in my eyes at all!”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful face!
“Unbridled ……”
The hunchbacked old man was enraged, his feet gently stomped, and in an instant, a terrifying aura directly spread out from underneath his feet!
Chen Ping’s eyes stared, the various forces within his body instantly erupted, and the Unbreakable Golden Body was also activated at the first moment, golden scales covering Chen Ping’s entire body!
Seeing this, Lin Keting also spread her palm, a golden rune appeared, followed by a golden barrier that protected everyone inside!
Boom!
The breath blasted on top of that golden barrier, instantly shattering it!
The hunchbacked old man looked towards Lin Keting, “Who is Old Taoist Wuji to you?”