“I’m not running away and I don’t need to be rescued, I’ll just watch you talk big and have no shame.”
“How many times have I escaped from you? Don’t you have a number in your own heart?”
Chen Ping said with a face full of care as he propped himself up with the Dragon Chopper Sword!
This made Leng Wu Dao furious, he didn’t think Chen Ping would dare to talk to him like this even though he was already on the verge of ruin!
“Kid, you’re so f*cking tough, if I don’t torture you to death today, I swear I won’t be a man.”
Leng Wu Dao was furious, and his rampaging aura was directed towards Chen Ping!
At this moment, the Dao power within Chen Ping’s body was flickering with light, only Chen Ping did not explode out!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and desperately resisted the tyrannical aura emanating from Leng Wu Dao’s body, his eyes filled with disdain as he said “I’ve heard that someone was directly scared by the Realm of Transformation and peed his trousers, isn’t that you?”
“You P*ss your trousers when you encounter a Realm of Transformation, and then you get all high and mighty when you encounter someone who is not as strong as you, you are really no different from that pug!”
Chen Ping kept on stimulating Leng Wu Dao, because when people are furious, their thinking is confused and they also lose their powers of observation!
And what Chen Ping wanted was to make Leng Wu Dao lose his keen powers of observation, or else the power of the Dao pattern within Chen Ping’s body would probably be detected by Leng Wu Dao!
“Kid, go to hell ……”
When Leng Wu Dao heard the three words P*ssing his trousers, he instantly brought his anger to the point where he immediately followed up with a fierce punch to Chen Ping’s abdomen!
Chen Ping’s body, just like a leaf, was instantly blasted out!
He flew hundreds of metres before his body landed heavily, smashing the ground into a deep crater!
Chen Ping, who had already escaped to the mouth of the valley, was now knocked back again.
Wow …………
Chen Ping braced his hands on the ground and a fierce mouthful of blood spurted out!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s forehead was covered in cold sweat, and the pain in his internal organs was unbearable!
Although Chen Ping’s physical body was already very strong, he was still injured under Leng Wu Dao’s furious punch!
If Leng Wu Dao hadn’t exploded some of his Dao power at the moment he struck, I’m afraid this punch would have killed Chen Ping!
At this moment, when Leng Wu Dao and the others saw that Chen Ping had not died and had even used the Zeng Long Sword to support his body to stand up, they were all astonished and somewhat speechless!
“This fellow, his body is too perverted, isn’t it?”
“What exactly is this guy’s status? Is it just impossible to fight?”
“Strange, it’s too strange ……”
Everyone looked at Chen Ping who had gotten up and were talking!
And at this moment, Leng Wu Dao’s face was gloomy to the extreme, Chen Ping was on the verge of becoming a wreck, and his punch had failed to kill him!
And in front of so many people in the Hidden World, Leng Wu Dao felt like he was losing face!
He had already been humiliated by P*ssing his trousers, but this time he was humiliated again!
“Is that all the strength you have? Scratching my itch is more like it ……”
Chen Ping wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and then mocked at Leng Wu Dao!
Leng Wu Dao was going mad as he listened to Chen Ping’s taunts, his hair stood up at the roots and his clothes were even windless!
“I’ll kill you, I’ll kill you, I’ll break you into pieces …………”
Leng Wu Dao hissed as his body flashed and he reached Chen Ping’s front.
Immediately afterwards, a burst of golden light erupted from Leng Wu Dao’s fist, as dazzling as the sun!
This golden light then ruthlessly blasted at Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping didn’t have much, just his eyes glanced around!
As this fierce punch struck Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping’s body once again flew backwards!
This time, he flew even further away, only while Chen Ping’s body was still in mid-air, Chen Ping exploded all of his Daoist power!
Chen Ping’s body shone with the light of a star, and his powerful aura wrapped around him before he flew off into the distance!