When Chen Ping returned to his place, Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix greeted him!
“Mr Chen, what did Uncle say to you ah, it looks mysterious ……”
Ji Yun asked curiously!
“Master, I heard that you took in another woman, Ji Yun’s eldest sister, why not take in the twin sisters together, is it not good to have a double flight of sisters?”
The fire phoenix said jokingly following Chen Ping!
Chen Ping glared at the fire phoenix, then sighed helplessly “You guys pack up, we’re leaving here tonight.”
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?”
Ji Yun froze, he thought that Ji Lian Jun had done something to Chen Ping!
“Master, why are you in such a hurry to leave at night?”
Fire Phoenix also asked curiously!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only repeat Ji Lian Jun’s words after the two of them, and after Ji Yun and the Fire Phoenix heard it, they burst into laughter!
“Master, this kind of good thing, why are you still sighing, when the time comes, the women of the entire Ji family will be at your disposal.”
“Only, this Ji family master is going to treat you as a stallion and improve their Ji family’s bloodline ah.”
Fire Phoenix laughed out loud!
Ji Yun, on the other hand, was a little embarrassed “How could eldest uncle have such thoughts, it’s too embarrassing ……”
“In the Celestial Realm, strength is honoured, many people will do anything in order to improve their strength, accompanying a sleep is nothing ah.” Fire Phoenix said without thinking!
If sleeping with a companion could raise the bloodline, it was estimated that many women in the Celestial Realm would go crazy and pounce on Chen Ping!
“Alright, you two get ready, we’ll sneak away at night.”
“Ji Yun if you want to stay in the Ji family, you don’t have to come with me to the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
Chen Ping knew that it was not easy for Ji Yun to find the Ji Family, and leaving after just a few days of being here was a bit unfair to Ji Yun!
“Mr Chen, I’ll go with you, I said I would follow you, I’ll go wherever you go.”
Ji Yun said very firmly!
“Alright then, you guys go and pack up, leave quietly at night, don’t alert anyone.”
Chen Ping let Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix go and pack up!
As the sky gradually darkened, Chen Ping lay on his bed and waited until the night was deep and quiet, then he planned to leave!
Just as Chen Ping was lying in bed, bored, the door to his room was suddenly pushed open gently!
Chen Ping thought that it was Fire Phoenix, so he did not care!
However, soon after, two silhouettes arrived in front of Chen Ping’s bed!
Even if it was a dark night, Chen Ping could clearly see that these two people were none other than Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling!
Both of them were all naked, and there were still a few moments of shyness on Ji Meiling’s face!
They both thought that Chen Ping was asleep, but they did not know that Chen Ping was staring at them tightly at the moment!
“Sis, I’m scared ……”
Ji Meiling whispered!
“What are you afraid of, you don’t know how many women want to follow Chen Ping to sleep, I heard that tomorrow the women of the entire Ji family will be available for him to choose from.”
“By then so many women, where else would it be your turn, it’s just as well that you enjoy yourself tonight, you won’t have a chance tomorrow.”
Ji Meiyan egged Ji Meiling on!
Ji Meiling nodded her head and finally summoned up the courage to tiptoe up Chen Ping’s bed with clenched teeth!
Ji Meiling’s body was trembling slightly, after all, this was the first time she had been in such close contact with a man, but still naked!
But just as Ji Meiling was about to pounce on Chen Ping, Chen Ping suddenly got up, startling Ji Meiling!
“I hope you guys respect me, what do you take me for?”
Chen Ping said in a somewhat stern tone!
Ji Meiling was stunned, she did not expect that Chen Ping would reject the woman sent to her side!
Ji Meiling, on the other hand, was blushing and hurriedly hid behind Ji Meiyan!
“Sister, let’s go ……” Ji Meiling wanted to pull Ji Meiyan away!