You have to know that the way of immortal cultivation is not just sitting inside a room and absorbing resources to cultivate, especially when the cultivation meets a bottleneck, you have to practice before you can break through the bottleneck, perhaps in the midst of the practice!
This time, the God Demon Battlefield is the best training, I believe that within the God Demon Battlefield, there will definitely be many cultivators to break through the bottleneck!
“This daughter of mine has always wanted to enter, but I’m even more interested in letting Jin Dong go, after all, Jin Dong is strong and has enough experience, with more experience, her cultivation will increase quite a bit.”
Luo Shouhai said!
“Master, it would be quite good for Senior Sister to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, she has been suffering from a serious illness, which has affected her cultivation, and this is why her cultivation realm is not very high, so taking advantage of this time to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, Senior Sister can have more experience and increase her cultivation.”
Jin Dong said to Luo Shouhai!
“That being said, but that Divine Demon Battlefield is full of dangers, it’s too dangerous for Luo Xi to go in alone.”
Luo Shouhai sighed and said!
“Master, there’s no need to worry about that, Mr Chen is also entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, when the time comes, please just ask Mr Chen to take care of your senior sister, with Mr Chen’s skills, surely nothing will happen.”
Jin Dong said!
Seeing this, Chen Ping immediately knew that these two masters and disciples were singing a double act just so that he could take care of Luo Xi!
They should be too embarrassed to say it outright, so they sang in unison to make such a mess!
“Don’t worry, Master Luo Gu, after entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, I will help take care of Miss Luo.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Good, good, with Mr Chen’s words, I am relieved, in the future, if there is anything that Mr Chen needs from my Blood Spirit Valley, I, Blood Spirit Valley, will certainly be obliged to do so.”
Luo Shouhai said happily!
Just as they were speaking, the people from the Blood Spirit Peak walked over, then that Cheng Jing would look at Luo Shouhai Dao “Senior brother, the strength of your eldest niece is so poor, and you dare to allow her to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, that’s too careless.”
“Don’t you know how dangerous it is inside? If anything happens to my eldest niece, what should I do?”
“Even if there’s no danger, if we run into some lustful ghosts, with the great niece’s good looks, I think she definitely won’t be able to run away, at that time, the little princess of the hall’s Blood Spirit Valley will be ganged up on, how unpleasant to say it ……”
Cheng Jing would be conspiratorial, as if he was deliberately irritating Luo Shouhai!
Luo Xi heard Cheng Jinghui’s words, immediately angry face red, and that Jin Dong is a double glare “Cheng Jinghui, shut your stinking mouth, to give you face to shout a senior uncle, you see yourself have a little elder appearance? You f*cking ……”
Jin Dong is going to follow that Cheng Jing will make a move!
Luo Shouhai stopped Jin Dong, and gave Cheng Jinghui a cold look, “Get lost, don’t think I don’t dare to move you.”
Seeing that Luo Shouhai was angry and still didn’t dare to move himself, Cheng Jinghui turned around and left as if he was out of breath!
And behind Cheng Jinghui, Liu Xueyi looked at Luo Xi and said “Junior sister, you don’t need to be afraid, wait until the divine and demonic battlefield, senior brother come to protect you, at that time also let senior brother me taste the taste of junior sister ……”
Liu Xueyi’s face was full of lewd smiles, his broken arm had long since been restored as before!
“Liu Xueyi, you f*cking forgot how you broke your arm, there is Mr Chen by the side of the junior sister, if you dare to touch the junior sister, let Mr Chen in break your limbs.”
Jin Dong viciously threatened at Liu Xueyi!
But Liu Xueyi unexpectedly not afraid in the slightest, but instead coldly smiled and said “Waiting to enter the God and Demon Battlefield, I am the first to waste this kid, although I am not his opponent, but I have helpers ……”
Liu Xueyi finished, suddenly a figure flashed and stood beside Liu Xueyi!
This person was dressed in a black robe, on top of the black robe was actually embroidered with a weirdly shaped demonic beast, his shoulder-length hair was fluttering in the wind, and his thin face was expressionless!