Yu Qian took Chen Ping directly into the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect, and then instructed, “The dungeon is in the back of this mountain, but to get to it, you have to pa*s through three formations, and you have to find a way to control a person from the Demon Heart Sect, so that he can take you in.”
“This dungeon, a few of us have no way to get close to it, the next step is up to you, right now the great power is not in the Demon Heart Sect, but you can’t be careless, the moment there is any movement in this formation, that great power will sense it.”
“I’m going to leave to rush to the secret realm of the Questioning Sect, or else I’ll be suspected by the great power, you have to move fast.”
Yu Qian said and left, he had to find a way to stall the great power, he couldn’t let the great power find Chen Ping for now!
While Yu Qian was gone, Chen Ping observed the terrain of the Demonic Heart Sect!
He saw a courtyard at the foot of the mountain, so Chen Ping concealed his aura and walked over to it, there must be someone from the Demon Heart Sect in this courtyard!
Chen Ping was unfamiliar with the area, and he didn’t know where the three formations were, so he didn’t dare to go and save them!
When Chen Ping arrived outside the courtyard, he heard a familiar voice coming from inside the courtyard!
“Hahahaha, today is the day when the Aura Recovery Formation will be activated, after the Aura Recovery, we no longer have to be trapped in this tiny secret realm, then the whole secular world will be ours.”
A loud laugh came out from the courtyard!
“Lord Demon Envoy, when the aura recovers, will the great powers really give those few purple-robed messengers a share of the land and crown them kings and worship them?”
“I see that those few people are now in a much higher position than you in the Demon Heart Sect ……”
A member of the Demon Heart Sect asked.
“Hmph, those few people are just resources for the great powers, how can the great powers crown them as kings and worship them, when the aura recovers, they will also become cultivation resources for the great powers.”
“We are the core members of the Demon Heart Sect, we are the heart of the great powers ……”
The devil amba*sador said with a cold snort!
As Chen Ping listened to that Devil Envoy’s words, he understood that Yu Qian wasn’t a liar, and it looked like the Great Power really didn’t consider them, the purple-robed messengers, as his own people!
Chen Ping knew that time was short, so he didn’t continue listening, but walked straight into the courtyard!
With Chen Ping’s current skills, it was still more than enough to deal with the Demon Envoy and a few members of the Demon Heart Sect in front of him!
“Who are you? How dare you barge into my Demon Heart Sect?”
Just as Chen Ping walked into the courtyard, he was spotted by a member of the Demon Heart Sect, shouting at Chen Ping!
Upon hearing this, the Devil Envoy hurriedly got up and looked over, and when he saw Chen Ping, he froze in his tracks!
“Chen Ping?” The Devil Envoy was filled with surprise!
And the other members of the Demon Heart Sect were also shocked when they heard the word Chen Ping, they didn’t expect Chen Ping to dare to come to the Demon Heart Sect secret realm!
“Your scheming is good, except that you treat others as fools, are they really foolish?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile on his face!
“Chen Ping, you …… How did you appear here, shouldn’t you be asking about the secret realm of the Dao Sect right now?”
“To know that your girlfriend is still there, don’t you want to just her?”
The devil amba*sador asked in a very strange manner.
“Of course I would save it, just not now, I have more important things to do right now ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a terrifying aura instantly erupted from his body, an aura that instantly overwhelmed everyone in the courtyard!
Feeling the terrifying aura on Chen Ping’s body, the devil amba*sadors and those members of the Demon Heart Sect were terrified, they didn’t expect Chen Ping’s current strength to reach such a terrifying level!
“You guys stop him, I will immediately go and inform the great powers ……”
With an order, the Devil Envoy told a dozen members of the Demon Heart Sect to stop Chen Ping while he was going to inform the Great Powers!
But just as the Devil Envoy turned to run, a light suddenly flashed across Chen Ping’s body, followed by the appearance of the sword spirit Zhong Li!
“Zhong Li, I’ll leave these little minions to you ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he leapt and stopped directly in front of that demon envoy!