“Come on, let’s go and have a look, I’ve never been to the secret realm ……”
Hu Pazzi had also long since settled down with the curiosity in his heart.
Soon, Chen Ping followed Hu Ma Zi out of the room and quietly headed all the way towards that chaotic space!
The same time!
At a mansion in the centre of South Lake, Zheng Kai covered his face and was dropping things with an angry expression.
“What a f*cking waste, how can people not be found anymore?”
“Couldn’t they still go up to heaven and into the earth?”
Zheng Kai cursed at his men!
He had sent his men to keep an eye on Chen Ping’s men’s trail to find a chance to retaliate!
But who knew that Chen Ping and his men had disappeared, as if they had vanished into thin air!
Zheng Kai sent his men to search the entire South Lake, but they couldn’t find them.
It was too easy to find a single person, knowing that South Lake was not very big and that the whole South Lake City belonged to their Zheng family.
But there was no sign of Chen Ping and the others.
Those men were all trembling with fear, lowering their heads as no one dared to speak!
Just then, a middle-aged man walked in, this man was Zheng Kai’s father Zheng Anguo, the lord of the entire South Lake!
Zheng Anguo waved his hand and told his men to all leave, then asked, “What’s the matter, throwing such a tantrum? Even dropping things?”
“Dad, look at my face ……”
Zheng Kai looked aggrieved and took his hand away to let Zheng An Guo see his swollen face!
Zheng An Guo took a look and said with a slight frown, “What happened? Was it beaten by someone?”
“Of course, it was beaten by that Chen Ping, I must kill him ……”
Zheng Kai gritted his teeth and said.
“Chen Ping?” Zheng An Guo pondered, then said with a surprised look on his face, “That Chen Ping you’re talking about, it wouldn’t be the same Chen Ping who followed the Martial Arts Alliance against him, would it?”
“He’s the one who fought ……”
Zheng Kai nodded his head and said.
“What is he doing here in our South Lake?”
Zheng An Guo’s face showed a few moments of worry, then asked, “How many of them came?”
“Three, a man and a woman, and an old man, that old man is very horny ……”
Zheng Kai’s teeth itched viciously when he thought of Hu Ma Zi.
Such beautiful big white legs, he didn’t even touch them himself, but he was touched around by Pocky Hu.
“A man, a woman, and an old man?”
Zheng An Guo was even more puzzled at this point, he didn’t know what Chen Ping was doing by bringing people to his place all of a sudden.
“Could it be that it follows the 10,000 year old Medicine King that is about to come out?” Zheng An Guo muttered.
“Dad, what are you muttering about? What Ten Thousand Year Medicine King?”
Zheng Kai asked.
“Nothing, don’t pry into it.” Zheng An Guo glared at Zheng Kai, then continued to ask, “Do you know where they are now?”
“I don’t know, I sent someone to follow them and lost them, the whole South Lake has been searched, but they can’t be found.”
Zheng Kai shook his head.
“Remember, you are not allowed to mess with that Chen Ping, and when you see him, hide away from me.”
Zheng An Guo reprimanded Zheng Kai.
“Dad, am I going to get beaten up for nothing?”
Zheng Kai was not convinced, how could he be slapped for nothing.
“A beating for nothing is a beating for nothing, I’m warning you, don’t mess with that Chen Ping for me, do you hear me.”
Zheng An Guo once again gave a serious warning to Zheng Kai.
No matter what Chen Ping was here for, Zheng An Guo did not want to provoke Chen Ping, because in a few days, there was a 10,000 year old medicine king that was going to come out, not many people knew about this news, and this was also in the South Lake realm, so Zheng An Guo could say that he was imperative to this 10,000 year old medicine king.
Now that Chen Ping and the others have suddenly come to South Lake, Zheng An Guo has to be suspicious, but Zheng An Guo still doesn’t want to follow Chen Ping and start any conflict before the Pill King comes out!
As long as Chen Ping did not come for the Pill King, Zheng An Guo intended to follow Chen Ping’s well and not cross the river.
He could not be so foolish as to follow Chen Ping and start a feud after his own son had been slapped.