He didn’t believe that Chen Ping could break his barrier with one punch, now that Chen Ping was only half alive from the torture, he no longer had that strong qi!
Chen Ping looked at Luo Jinyou, who was not dodging or dodging, with a smile on his face, and his heart burst into a cold laugh!
Boom!
Chen Ping blasted his fist on top of that barrier, and the barrier that Luo Jinyou had set up was not even the slightest bit effective under Chen Ping’s fist, and instantly collapsed and disappeared.
Luo Jinyou was startled and instinctively tried to dodge, but found that it was already too late!
Chen Ping’s punch slammed hard into Luo Jinyou’s face!
Luo Jinyou’s mouth spurted blood, his teeth flew about and his whole body flew straight out.
Luo Jinyou got up and looked at Chen Ping with a puzzled look on his face. He did not understand how Chen Ping could still exert such terrifying power when he was obviously half dead from his own torture.
Half of Luo Jinyou’s face had caved in and his appearance had become very terrifying and frightening!
“Read it, keep reading if you can ……”
Chen Ping looked at Luo Jinyou and said with a disdainful expression.
Half of Luo Jinyou’s face was ruined, his teeth were gone, his speech was slurred, and there was no way he could recite the incantation.
Chen Ping stepped forward and slapped his palm towards Luo Jinyou again.
Luo Jinyou hurriedly rose up to resist.
Boom!
With this slap, Luo Jinyou was like a leaf and was instantly sent flying away.
After that, Chen Ping leaped and reached Luo Jinyou directly, and stomped Luo Jinyou to the ground with one foot.
Luo Jinyou’s body instantly plunged into the ground, and his whole body was in a mess!
“Ah …………”
Luo Jinyou was furious and roared loudly, he had no way to speak, he could only ahhhhh and scream.
Chen Ping lifted his feet and looked at Luo Jinyou, who had long since turned inhuman and ghostly, crawling out from the ground.
Luo Jinyou stared angrily at Chen Ping, his entire breath collapsing and no longer able to condense.
“Where is Ning Zhi? Say it and I can let you die a painful death ……”
Chen Ping said to Luo Jinyou.
Luo Jinyou didn’t say anything, and he couldn’t say anything else, only to see him take out the teapot from behind him!
He then slowly put the spout of the pot to his mouth, and a stream of tea, flowed down his throat and into his stomach.
Chen Ping looked at Luo Jinyou with amazement, he was so close to death that he was still in the mood to drink tea!
After the tea went into his stomach, the breath on Luo Jinyou’s body began to grow rapidly.
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly understood and punched towards Luo Jinyou.
He could not let this Luo Jinyou recover as before, or else he would have to wrangle.
Seeing this, Luo Jinyou threw the teapot in his hand towards Chen Ping!
The teapot hovered in the air and spun up so fast that a stream of tea water was flung out from the teapot.
The tea water instantly transformed into a stream of water arrows, carrying the power of heaven and earth, and shot towards Chen Ping at a rapid pace!
The water arrows grew in number, and eventually turned into a rain of arrows, directly enveloping Chen Ping.
“I didn’t think it was still a magic weapon ……”
A golden light erupted from Chen Ping’s body as the Incorruptible Golden Body instantly activated!
The rain of arrows struck Chen Ping with a clanging sound!
Although the power of each arrow rain was not very great, this density saturated attack was still a little hard for Chen Ping to bear.
Only the scales on his body fell off, and his Unbreakable Golden Body was slowly disappearing.
Chen Ping hurriedly grabbed the Dragon Chopper Sword and wielded it with great effort to create a vacuum, making it impossible for those arrow showers to fall on him.
The Dragon Cutting Sword came out of his hand and automatically began to spin, blocking a rain of arrows for Chen Ping, while he fought to leap up.
Chen Ping slapped his palm on Luo Jinyou’s head, instantly exploding his head.
Luo Jinyou’s breath instantly shrivelled and his whole body fell to the ground with a crash.
Luo Jinyou was dead, and the teapot, unmanipulated, fell rapidly towards the ground.
Chen Ping reached out, caught the teapot, and after looking at it twice, put it in his storage ring.