Mr. Shi didn’t even acknowledge him, instead turning to Chen Ping with a gaze full of affection, “This Heaven and Earth Array, you broke it?”
“Yes!” Chen Ping nodded!
“Not bad!” Mr. Shi gently patted Chen Ping’s head!
Wen Nanxing’s brows furrowed, “Damn it, I hate pretentious bastards like you the most, daring to ignore me?”
With that, Wen Nanxing took a sudden step forward, then threw a fierce punch straight at Mr. Shi!
The might of the Great Dao came roaring in!
This punch carried all of Wen Nanxing’s strength, he intended to obliterate the pompous Mr. Shi with one blow!
But facing Wen Nanxing’s punch, Mr. Shi didn’t even glance at him, still lightly stroking Chen Ping’s head.
As the punch’s power surged closer, Mr. Shi casually waved his hand without looking!
Boom!
With a gentle breeze, that terrifying might of the Great Dao vanished without a trace under Mr. Shi’s wave, as if it had never existed!
At the same time, a bloody hole appeared in Wen Nanxing’s chest, his organs clearly visible!
In an instant!
The world fell into dead silence!
Everyone stared in stunned disbelief!
The Northern Domain Lord, amidst his shock, glanced at the Western Domain Lord, who’d wet himself, and finally understood why!
Shen Zhiyan and the others, witnessing this scene, were equally dumbfounded, as Heavenly Realm cultivators with vast experience, they couldn’t fathom Mr. Shi at all!
A refined-looking man with no trace of aura, yet with a wave of his hand, like swatting a fly, he could make a peak Immortal Transformation Realm cultivator vanish!
At this moment, Wen Nanxing’s eyes bulged, his face full of incredulity, his entire being dazed as he muttered, “How? How could this be?”
He couldn’t believe there was such a person in the Celestial Realm!
He was the pinnacle of power here, an invincible existence!
How could he be instantly killed with a casual wave?
“This can’t be! It’s absolutely impossible!”
Wen Nanxing couldn’t wrap his head around it!
Only then did Mr. Shi turn to him, saying lightly, “What? You look like you’re not convinced?”
With that, Mr. Shi gently clenched his hand, and Wen Nanxing felt a force vanish from his body, then the bloody hole in his chest healed as if it had never been!
“You’re restored, let’s fight again!” Mr. Shi said!
Seeing this, everyone was utterly stunned.
Mu Sha, witnessing this, grew overwhelmingly excited, he knew this was the man Chen Ping had spoken of!
The one who could revive his wife!
Though Mu Sha was now on the brink of death himself, if his wife could be brought back, it would all be worth it!
Wen Nanxing glared at Mr. Shi, his expression twisting into something ferocious!
He felt Mr. Shi was deliberately humiliating him!
“No one has ever humiliated me like this…”
Wen Nanxing roared, his entire form contorting like a wild beast, with a furious bellow, his body became engulfed in black flames!
Waves of terrifying aura swept outward, his flesh and soul burning together!
The horrific energy spread in all directions, as if intent on destroying the entire Celestial Realm!
Wuji Daoist and the others frowned at the sight!
Wen Nanxing glared at Mr. Shi and threw a punch!
This punch contained his entire life’s cultivation!
Had he used this punch earlier, Mu Sha would’ve been defeated instantly, and Lin Chong and the others would’ve long been annihilated!
Everyone retreated, watching the terrifying scene unfold!
Many Fire Incineration Sect disciples, unable to escape in time, perished on the spot!
Even the Wen Qing and Wen Shi siblings were caught in this fearsome aura!
“Father…”
No matter how they cried out, Wen Nanxing seemed deaf to their pleas!