After all, their family’s strength is at its worst now, if the three families fight now when the situation is unknown, it would be a bit too worthless, don’t end up with huge losses and nothing inside the vein!
“Okay, I agree!” Song Zu De nodded, he thought the same thing!
Seeing this, Feng Yi could only nod and say, “Alright, let’s open the cave together!”
After saying that, Feng Yi turned to his subordinates and said, “Prepare the explosives and blow up the cave entrance a little ……”
At this time, Chen Ping had been paying attention to the situation at the top of the mountain, and when he heard that Feng Yi wanted to blow up the cave, he immediately stepped forward and said, “You can’t blow up, if you blow up the cave, the top of the mountain might collapse!”
Chen Ping could feel that the mountain top was empty underneath, if the explosives exploded, the power would definitely rush into the hole and collapse the whole mountain top!
Feng Yi looked at Chen Ping and said in a cold voice, “What do you know, you little brat? We’ve been doing this for years.
Chen Ping’s words did not fall on deaf ears, and soon the explosives were set up!
Immediately afterwards, with a loud rumble, the hole, which was only one metre square, was directly blown into a big hole!
It was so dark inside the hole that the echoes of the rocks hitting it could still be heard!
“These must be the debris from the explosion of explosives just now, let’s go in and take a look ……”
Feng Yi said to Song Zu De and Liu Cheng Yin!
The three men were about to enter the cave when suddenly the top of the mountain trembled, like an earthquake, which scared everyone backwards in a hurry!
But soon they found that cracks began to appear in the rocks beneath their feet, and then the cracks got bigger and bigger!
“Ah …………”
Many people shrieked and ran around!
Song Tie, on the other hand, grabbed Chen Ping, who was the only one she trusted at this time!
Wu Dong was also running around in fear, but was pulled by Chen Ping: “Don’t run, you can’t get away!”
Chen Ping pulled Song Tie and Wu Dong with him and leapt upwards with great force, followed by a loud rumble beneath his feet, and the whole mountain top collapsed!
It was the size of several football pitches, and it all collapsed so suddenly that everyone had no time to react and fell straight in!
Luckily the collapse was not deep, only a dozen metres or so, so apart from a few people who were injured by the boulders, no one was killed!
Now everyone had fallen into a huge, deep pit!
“Look, imperial emeralds …………”
“Chicken blood red, that’s chicken blood red …………”
Soon, people found that at the bottom of the pit, there were actually a lot of raw gemstones exposed, the turquoise colour, the bright red colour, without any equipment, you can see it at a glance!
“Hahahaha, rich, rich, this is really a gemstone vein, fantastic …………”
Feng Yi laughed out loud with excitement as he looked at the raw gemstones that were everywhere around him!
Song ZuDe and also Liu ChengYin, just as caught up in the excitement, this is worth more than a gold mountain!
Everyone was attracted to the gems, except Chen Ping who looked at those fist-sized, pebble-like, unimpressive stones with a face of excitement!
All these stones were filled with a dense spiritual energy, so dense that Chen Ping felt as if he was in a sea of spiritual energy, he had never felt such a dense spiritual energy before.
After the excitement, Song Zu De, Liu Cheng Yin and Feng Yi all looked at each other warily!
“Song Zu De, Liu Cheng Yin, I found the entrance to this vein, so by rights this vein should be mined by me, since you have followed me here, I can give you two the mine under my mountain, so you two can share it equally?”
Feng Yi said to Song ZuDe and Liu ChengYin.