Inside the Protector’s Pavilion, Mr Shi sat quietly in the hall drinking tea, seemingly waiting for something.
Zhao Wuji waited by the side, not daring to breathe.
Normally, Mr. Shi would stay in the Dharma Court for a while and then leave, but looking at the way he looked today, he would not be leaving anytime soon.
Just then, a member of the Dharma Protection Pavilion hurriedly ran in and then said to Zhao Wuji, “Pavilion Master Zhao, someone is asking to see Mr. Shi ……”
“Who is it?”
Zhao Wuji asked.
“Is it Ning Hai?”
Mr. Shi asked as he spoke.
“Yes, yes, yes, it’s them, father and son!”
The Protector Pavilion member nodded his head and said.
“It seems that this Ning Hai is still you are not foolish to a certain point!”
Mr. Shi smiled lightly, “Let him in!”
The Dharma Protecting Pavilion member retreated while Zhao Wuji looked at Mr. Shi in surprise.
It looked like Mr. Shi had come to the Dharma Protecting Pavilion early in the morning, so he was just waiting for this Ning Hai.
“Mr. Shi, did you guess that this Ning Hai would come looking for you?”
Zhao Wuji asked curiously.
“Yes, I guessed, but I’m not completely sure, it looks like this Ning Hai doesn’t want to follow Chen Ping to the death!”
Mr. Shi said.
Zhao Wuji looked at Mr. Shi adoringly, his eyes full of admiration!
Soon, Ning Dahai was invited in after Ning Zhi.
After seeing Mr. Shi, Ning Hai and Ning Zhi saluted towards Mr. Shi in unison and said, “Mr. Shi ……”
Mr Shi nodded slightly, “Well, have a seat!”
Mr. Shi allowed the father and son to sit down, but soon, Mr. Shi’s gaze fell on Ning Zhi’s body and his face became somewhat grave.
When Ning Zhi saw that Mr Shi kept staring at himself, he suddenly became a little uncomfortable!
But soon, Mr. Shi moved his gaze away from Ning Zhi’s body and asked Ning Hai, “Ning Hai, what do you want to see me about?”
“Mr. Shi, that Chen Ping is now at my Ning family’s doorstep and insists on challenging me, and as an old martial martial marquis, I’m following him into battle!”
“No matter if I win or lose, I’ll have no place to put my old face, and besides, if the two of us fight, I’m afraid that the whole Kyoto martial arts world will be shaken up!”
“So I’d like to ask Mr. Shi to step in and talk to that Chen Ping, if he has any demands, you can mention them, I’ll try to satisfy him ……”
Ning Hai lowered his posture and said to Mr. Shi.
Mr. Shi smiled slightly, “Ning Hai, when you went to kill that Chen Ping, you didn’t say anything about being an old martial lord and having no place to put your face on when you lay your hands on a newcomer, did you?”
Mr. Shi’s words instantly poked Ning Dahai’s soft spot.
Ning Hai could only smile awkwardly, but he couldn’t say a word.
“I can go and persuade that Chen Ping, but as to whether that Chen Ping will listen to me, I can’t say, this kid is very stubborn.”
Mr Shi said slowly.
“It doesn’t matter, as long as Mr. Shi goes out, who in the entire martial arts world would dare not give face, I’m sure Mr. Shi will have no problem!”
Ning Hai did not expect Mr. Shi to agree to his request so quickly.
He knew that Mr. Shi was the one behind Chen Ping, and that Chen Ping must have had Mr. Shi’s authorization to challenge himself.
Ning Hai, however, did not expect that Mr. Shi would agree to go and persuade Chen Ping.
“Alright then, you guys go out and wait for me for a while ……”
Mr Shi said.
Ning Hai thanked him repeatedly and followed Ning Zhi to wait outside the door.
“Mr Shi, are you really going to persuade Mr Chen? You know about his challenge to Ning Hai.”
Zhao Wuji asked to Mr. Shi with an incredulous face.
He didn’t understand why Mr. Shi had to agree to Ning Hai’s request.
“Of course I’ll go, but that Chen Ping definitely won’t give me face ……”
Mr. Shi smiled, and then walked out.
Ning Hai scrambled to personally open the car door for Mr. Shi, and then the car set off towards the Ning family.