The two of them hadn’t expected at all that Xiong Gwak’s sister would be so beautiful, it was simply outrageous!
Moreover, that Xiong Cuo had also said that his sister was not beautiful!
Now that they knew that the girl in front of them was Xiong Ying, Xiong Broad’s sister, both Chen Ping and Brother Missy were confused!
This has exceeded their knowledge, they think that Xiong broad sister, should also be a tiger back and waist of the kind!
But now, it was a thin waist, a pitiful look!
Especially the youngest brother, constantly rubbing his eyes, incredibly measuring Xiong Ying!
He still remembers that when he was in prison, he also sarcastically said that Xiong Qiao’s sister was definitely not as beautiful as his own sister!
But now that the youngest sister was standing together after Xiong Ying, the youngest sister was simply too ordinary!
“Why are you …… you two looking at me like this?”
Xiong Ying was looking a little hairy by Chen Ping and Missy’s brother!
“Beauty, we didn’t think that you were Xiong Ying ……”
The youngest sister’s brother hurriedly said!
“What? You guys know me?”
Xiong Ying asked with a puzzled face!
“Know, know, of course know you, I’m in a cell with your brother, have long heard your brother chatting about it.”
The youngest sister’s brother hurriedly nodded his head, with a pleasing look on his face!
This guy, when he sees a beautiful woman, he seems to have some peace of mind!
The youngest sister looked at her brother like this, for a moment was speechless, did not know what to say!
“My brother is really in jail? How is he?”
As soon as Xiong Ying heard that his brother was really in jail, he immediately looked flustered!
“Don’t be anxious, your brother is fine, and we have a way to get your brother out.”
The youngest sister’s brother saw Xiong Ying’s anxious appearance, and immediately took pity on her and said!
“Really? Then thank you so much!”
Upon hearing this, Xiong Ying immediately cast a grateful gaze at Brother Missy!
Feeling Xiong Ying’s gaze, the youngest sister’s brother’s body obviously straightened up a lot!
“Did you and your brother send out a vein of Immortal Spirit Stones?”
Chen Ping asked Xiong Ying!
Hearing Chen Ping ask about the vein, Xiong Ying immediately became wary and sized up Chen Ping, “What are you talking about? Where is there any Immortal Spirit Stone vein?”
Seeing that Xiong Ying would not say anything, Chen Ping took out the jade pendant and said, “You don’t have to be afraid, it was your brother who told us and gave me this jade pendant.”
“He said that after seeing the jade pendant, you will tell us about the mineral vein, and that only after we find the mineral vein can we have a way to save your brother.”
Xiong Ying took the jade pendant and after carefully looking at it, he said with great excitement, “This is my brother’s jade pendant, it seems that he really knows you guys.”
“The Immortal Spirit Stone vein isn’t here, I’ll take you guys to see it!”
Xiong Ying lowered his guard, and then led Chen Ping and the others to look for the Immortal Spirit Stone vein!
In order to avoid being discovered, Chen Ping purposely placed a shielding spell formation around them, which moved with the movement of the crowd!
A few people didn’t dare to fly, after all, flying was too big of a target, it would be easy to be discovered!
On this journey, the youngest sister brother always from time to time to find that Xiong Ying to speak, constantly set close, looks like it is trying to Xiong Ying!
After all, such a beautiful woman, which man does not want to play ah!
But the youngest sister brother more and more so, Xiong Ying showed more and more resentment, and finally did not talk to him!
On the contrary, Chen Ping was silent all the way, and did not deliberately approach Xiong Ying, while Xiong Ying was always attracted by Chen Ping!
Especially since his brother’s jade pendant was taken from Chen Ping’s hand, Xiong Ying thought that only the person with his brother’s jade pendant would be able to get his brother out!
“How far is it?”
After walking for an hour, Chen Ping asked Xiong Ying!
“It’s not far, it’s on the hill in front of us ……”
Xiong Ying said as he kept the mountain not far away!