Six identical Chen Ping’s stood together, causing the crowd to all gasp!
Only that Dong Liqun had a calm face.
“A mere eye-blind technique, you are also showing off in front of me?”
Dong Liqun was not the least bit impressed by Chen Ping’s Nine Shadows Sword Technique.
Chen Ping did not say anything, he felt like wasting his energy even if he said one more word now.
“Break ……”
Chen Ping’s body leapt up in a single bound.
In mid-air, only six identical Chen Ping could be seen resting there like a celestial god.
Then, two radiant sword qi swung out!
Finally, they merged into one and cut directly at Dong Liqun.
This sword qi cut through the long sky, as if it had torn a gap in space-time.
Above the sword qi, there were also spirit fires burning brightly.
If the terrifying sword qi caused many people from the Dong family to flee, the spirit fire above the sword qi alone would have scorched the crowd to the point where they could not stand it.
But such a terrifying sword qi ruthlessly chopped on top of the aura Dong Liqun was in.
The same scene appeared, after the terrifying sword qi touched the aura, it instantly disappeared without a trace, as if it had never existed at all.
If not for the residual heat left in mid-air, no one would believe that Chen Ping had just wielded such a terrifying sword qi.
“You, a mere Martial Sect, even if you have more magic treasures, it is still futile in front of me.”
Dong Liqun said indifferently.
After saying that, Dong Liqun used his hand as a sword and instantly swung it towards Chen Ping.
A light instantly crossed through the aura.
The same terrifying sword Qi attacked towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping had already experienced it just now, so he had already been prepared for it.
His body dodged the sword qi with a sharp flash, but his back was still sliced by the sword qi.
A golden light flashed and a deep wound instantly appeared on Chen Ping’s back.
Pieces of golden scales fell off and finally disappeared!
Chen Ping’s body fell from mid-air and his face became very ugly, although he had barely dodged that sword qi just now, it still left Chen Ping in a mess.
Chen Ping stared at Dong Liqun, not daring to attack easily.
For every attack was tantamount to beating himself up!
Seeing that Chen Ping was not attacking, Dong Liqun looked at him with a cold smile, “What? Is that all you have? I really don’t know where you got your strength from just now.”
“It seems that I also overestimated you, causing me to waste a Qi Control Pill, but this Qi Control Pill is even a fake, I’ll have to settle the score with them sooner or later.”
“Now hand over the Dragon Crystal itself, and I can make it painful for you.”
“If you have the guts, come and get it yourself.”
Chen Ping’s face was cold, anger rising in his eyes.
“Good!”
After Dong Liqun finished speaking, his body suddenly flashed and he directly arrived in front of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not even notice how Dong Liqun had arrived in front of him before he was struck by Dong Liqun with a palm to the chest.
Chen Ping’s body was sent flying out and hit a stone wall heavily before it came to a halt.
Chen Ping’s chest was dented and his ribs were clearly broken.
The Unbreakable Golden Body, in front of Dong Liqun, was unbeatable.
This was the gap between a Martial Sect and a Martial Marquis.
A small realm gap, or an equal realm, might be able to be made up by talent and skill.
But the gap between the major realms is like a gulf that cannot be crossed!
Only when one reached the Martial Marquis realm would one be able to experience and comprehend new Dharma techniques.
Chen Ping had not yet reached the half-step Martial Marquis, and if he did, he would not be in such a mess when facing Dong Liqun.
With great difficulty, he climbed up from the ground. Although he was injured, Chen Ping’s face still wore a resolute and unyielding look.
As long as he didn’t die, he would never give in!
Watching Chen Ping stand up again, Dong Liqun could not help but let out a sigh, “What a good seedling, it’s just a pity that you are a tiger and cannot be used for people, so you can only die.”
After saying that, Dong Liqun flew up and a long sword suddenly appeared in his hand, slashing towards Chen Ping’s chest.