If Chen Ping only followed someone from the Soul Demon Sect as a close friend, then he could be magnanimous and spare the other party.
As for the others, Di Chongjing had no intention of sparing them!
“All the people of this Soul Demon Sect are my friends, so you better get lost, you can’t move a single person from the Soul Demon Sect.”
Chen Ping said coldly.
When Di Chongjing heard this, her eyes narrowed slightly, and her gaze was filled with a few murderous auras.
Although Chen Ping was a member of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and his status was not low, it was impossible to make Di Chong Jing let go of the Soul Demon Sect!
He had to avenge the revenge from back then before he could do so.
“Fellow Daoist, it is true that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was kind to me back then, but that kindness was also something I traded for with my Immortal Bones, and that can only be considered a trade.”
“Nowadays, my Blood and Bone Sect has long since ceased to be in the territory of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, if you are still holding that year’s favour over me, then don’t blame me for not giving you face.”
“Remembering that you are a member of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, you can take one of these Soul Demon Sect members with you, and I will never pursue the matter.”
It was impossible for Di Chongjing to spare everyone from the Soul Demon Sect, but it would be fine if he let one go.
“Mr Chen, take Yulian away, take Yulian away ……”
Seeing this, Ochre Yan hurriedly said to Chen Ping.
“Mr Chen, I hope you take away my daughter and Ochre Yan, as for the grudge following the Blood and Bone Sect, let me repay it alone.”
Patriarch Jiang hoped that Chen Ping would take away all of Jiang Yulian and Ochre Yan!
“Patriarch Jiang, what hatred does your Soul Demon Sect have following the Blood and Bone Sect?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!
“Ai ……”
Patriarch Jiang sighed and then slowly spoke!
It was only after Chen Ping listened that he understood that the people who were chasing the Blood and Bone Sect back then, turned out to be Patriarch Jiang and the others!
After the Blood and Bone Sect fled to the Xiao Dynasty, they called it quits.
After so many years had passed, the Blood and Bone Sect had developed and grown in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and finally left the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.
Now that it was strong and powerful, it had come to seek revenge on the Soul Demon Sect.
“What if I have to bail out the Soul Demon Sect?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards Di Chongjing.
Di Chongjing frowned slightly, then said with a cold face, “Kid, I see that you are from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, so I’ll give you some face, don’t be ignorant.”
“You’re only at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm strength, if I were to kill you, it would only be with a wave of my hand, even if you’re someone from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, if I kill you now, who would know that it was me who did it?”
“You’d better do as I say and get lost right away, if I change my mind, none of you will be able to leave.”
Di Chongjing’s threat caused the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth to rise slightly, a disdainful smile appearing on his face.
A Mahayana Realm First Grade cultivator was so tuggy that he dared to follow him and talk like that!
“Since I told you to get lost and you didn’t, then don’t blame me ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Beheading Sword suddenly appeared in his hand!
The Dragon Slashing Sword then chopped in a smooth motion, instantly a hundred feet of sword awns chopped towards the Blood and Bone Sect’s crowd.
This sword, which shocked the heavens and earth, shook the void and moved the heavens and earth.
Di Chongjing’s brows furrowed as his figure violently retreated backwards, while the other people from the Blood and Bone Sect were unable to dodge, some were directly cut off at the waist, while others were seriously injured!
“How dare you, you seek death ……”
Di Chongjing was furious as his aura violently erupted!
The other remaining Blood and Bone Sect disciples were also filled with murderous aura as they each stared angrily at Chen Ping!
They did not believe that Chen Ping, who was nothing more than a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, would still be able to beat so many of them!
The Blood and Bone Sect disciples all pounced towards Chen Ping, just now they had not reacted, allowing Chen Ping to get the upper hand!
This time, they all attacked together, they didn’t believe that they couldn’t take Chen Ping!
A seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, even if he was more bullish, how much more bullish could he be!
“Mr Chen, be careful ……”
Seeing that all these people were striking out at Chen Ping, Patriarch Jiang hurriedly reminded him!