Chen Ping brought Luo Xi and found a secluded place, and after casually drawing a spell formation, he began to recover quickly!
Chen Ping took out all the resources in his storage ring regardless of the cost!
All kinds of immortal grasses and spirit stones were quickly sucked clean under the frantic absorption of the Heart Concentration Technique!
However, for Chen Ping, even though there were Immortal Herbs and Spirit Stones, he was afraid that it would take some time before he could recover as before!
If there was enough Immortal Qi at this time, then it would be possible to recover quickly, but where would one find such a rich Immortal Qi now!
Chen Ping thought, and his gaze couldn’t help but place it on that Spirit Beast Egg!
This Spirit Beast Egg had absorbed thousands of years of Immortal Qi, this would definitely recover immediately if he ate the Spirit Beast Egg!
Chen Ping looked at the Spirit Beast Egg in a daze, not knowing if he wanted to eat the Spirit Beast Egg or not!
In this God and Demon Battlefield, danger was everywhere, if Chen Ping could not recover as soon as possible, it would be troublesome if he was targeted by someone’s people!
Just as Chen Ping was staring at that Spirit Beast Egg mesmerised, the Spirit Beast Egg might have sensed the danger and actually shook gently, and then a large amount of Immortal Qi bubbled out from within that Spirit Beast Egg!
Chen Ping froze and suddenly laughed, he did not expect that even though this Spirit Beast Egg had not yet hatched, it had a consciousness and could even guess his own mind!
This time, it caused Chen Ping to wonder what kind of little fellow was in this Spirit Beast Egg!
The Spirit Beast Egg was bubbling with Immortal Qi, while Chen Ping was frantically absorbing it, and all kinds of power within his body was rapidly recovering!
But just as Chen Ping was recovering quickly, suddenly a terrifying aura came from far and near, Chen Ping knew that an expert had come!
Before Chen Ping could react, the other party had already arrived close by!
It turned out to be that Qi Peijia, and following beside Qi Peijia was Liu Xueyi!
Seeing Chen Ping and Luo Xi, Liu Xueyi’s gaze was filled with ferocity!
“Good boy, finally let me find you, today I have to break you into pieces, and torture Luo Xi to death after riding this little girl in her crotch ……”
Liu Xueyi gritted his teeth and said!
You have to know that the cultivation after the Transition Realm is very difficult, now that Liu Xueyi has used the Blood Escape Technique, his realm has directly dropped to the third grade of the Transition Realm, and he is afraid that in the future, it will be difficult for him to rise up in the future.
That was why this guy was so indignant towards Chen Ping and Luo Xi.
Qi Peijia, on the other hand, did not say anything, but stared closely at the spell formation laid down by Chen Ping!
“A mere first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm has laid down such a perfect formation, it seems that you really are a bit different.”
Qi Peijia’s eyes slightly stared and said!
“Eunuch Qi, don’t talk nonsense with them, directly kill that Chen Ping, at that time, when we get out of the Divine Demon Battlefield, I, Blood Spirit Summit, will help Eunuch Qi and slaughter the entire Blood Spirit Valley.”
Liu Xueyi was a little impatient!
He wanted to see Chen Ping die a horrible death as soon as possible, and there was another reason why he wanted to catch Luo Xi quickly and then enjoy himself!
He had liked Luo Xi for many years, but Luo Xi had always liked Jin Dong, and Liu Xueyi had never had a chance!
Now that Jin Dong was not within the Divine Demon Battlefield, and everyone from the Blood Spirit Valley was not there, then he could do whatever he wanted!
Thinking that he would be able to crush Luo Xi underneath him in a while, Liu Xueyi’s mouth actually started to ooze with saliva!
Looking at Liu Xueyi’s disgusting appearance, Luo Xi couldn’t wait to stab him with a sword!
Qi Peijia coldly looked at Liu Xueyi “Are you ordering me?”
A cold aura flashed in Qi Peijia’s eyes, instantly scaring that Liu Xueyi to tremble!
“No no no, I don’t dare ……”
Liu Xueyi hurriedly shook his head and stood by the side like a lapdog not speaking anymore!
As for Qi Peijia, he once again placed his gaze on Chen Ping, the corner of his mouth revealing a cold smile!