When Chen Ping heard this, he looked a little complicated inside, it seemed that he had underestimated the Martial Dao world and overestimated his own abilities!
He was only a fifth-grade Martial Saint, and although he had the Golden Dragon True Body to help him fight a Martial God, if he were to encounter a late Martial God, Chen Ping would only be able to run for his life!
What’s more, above Martial Gods there are Martial Emperors, and above Martial Emperors there are Realm of Transformation …………
If Chen Ping were to encounter that kind of expert, he would be slapped to death with a single slap!
“It seems that the Martial Dao Realm also has hidden dragons and crouching tigers, I was too arrogant ……”
Chen Ping gave a self-deprecating laugh!
He suddenly remembered Shi’s sudden suppression of himself, ever since he had returned from the island, Shi had been suppressing himself intentionally or unintentionally!
At first Chen Ping couldn’t figure it out, and couldn’t figure out why Mr. Shi was doing it.
Now he suddenly understood Mr. Shi’s good intentions, that is, seeing that he had become somewhat inflated after returning from the island and felt that he was an invincible existence in the martial arts world, so he was suppressing himself to make him realize the reality ……
“Mr. Chen, you don’t need to be too inferior, like those experts above Martial God, which one of them have not trained for their whole life, while you are still young, your strength is much more than that.”
Ge Cansheng spoke to Chen Ping persuasively!
“Clan Elder Ge, thank you so much, it seems that I still have a long way to go in my cultivation ……”
Chen Ping following this conversation with Ge Cansheng had sort of completely made him realize the reality!
Chen Ping didn’t stay long in the Fire Gate Secret Realm, so he followed Ge Fuhai and left!
On the way back, Ge Fuhai seemed to remember something and suddenly said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, if you want to hit him where that Kuchan Temple is, you can go ask Pepsi, he might know!”
“Pepsi?” Chen Ping was stunned, this was the first time he had heard of such a name.
“Oh, this guy is called Zhou Botong, he is not very strong, but he does know the history of the martial arts world very well, I heard that he has a history of the development of the martial arts world, I don’t know if it is true.”
“Maybe this guy knows where that Kuchan Temple is ……”
Ge Fuhai followed Chen Ping and said.
“Where is that person?” Chen Ping didn’t think that there was such a person!
“It should be living just outside of Kyoto, but this guy often travels in the clouds, so I’ll take you there to try your luck.”
Ge Fuhai finished speaking and led Chen Ping to the outskirts of Kyoto!
Soon, the two stopped in front of a very dilapidated house!
Ge Fuhai went up and took a look, and then said happily, “Mr. Chen, this Pepsi is at home, great ……”
“Come on, let’s go in ……”
Chen Ping took the lead and walked in!
When he walked into the room, Chen Ping almost didn’t get smoked out because the smell inside the room was just too overwhelming!
And in the room, a pimply old man was sitting in front of a chess board, his eyes staring deadly at the stump on it, as if he didn’t see Chen Ping and the others!
Chen Ping adjusted to the smell and swept the room, finding many ancient books inside the room!
Apart from the books, there wasn’t much else!
And this old man had a vague flow of aura, a Martial Marquis realm!
“Pepsi, we’re looking for you to inquire about something ……”
At this time, Ge Fuhai asked to that Zhou Bo Tong.
“No time ……”
Zhou Botong didn’t even raise his head and said coldly.
Seeing this, Ge Fuhai’s face instantly turned ugly and was about to get angry, but he was stopped by Chen Ping waving his hand!
“Senior Zhou, I’ve heard that you know everything about the martial arts world, so I’ve come here specifically to ask for advice.”
Chen Ping said to Zhou Botong in a very polite manner.
It was then that Zhou Botong slowly raised his head and gave Chen Ping a glance and said, “If you want to inquire about things, first agree to my conditions ……”
“Elder, you say, as long as I can do it, I will promise you.”
Chen Ping said.