“Report …………”
At this moment, the guards ran in!
“Patriarch Luo, Sheng Bushi of the Sheng Family of Fancheng is waiting at the door, asking to see Patriarch ……”
The guards reported!
“What is Sheng Bushi doing here?”
“It seems like we didn’t follow the Sheng Family to buy anything, right?”
“This Sheng Clan can’t do it either, the Sheng Clan talisman was used by someone else’s fifth son, and after spending so much money, he was still killed.”
Several Patriarchs were talking!
Patriarch Luo then waved his hand and said “Let them in ……”
The guards received the order and immediately turned around and left!
Soon, Sheng Bushi led Chen Ping and the others into the hall!
Just after walking into the hall!
Chen Ping felt several sharp eyes looking towards him, and each of them carried a strong killing aura!
Chen Ping was a little surprised, he did not understand why these people were looking at him so much!
When Patriarch Luo saw Chen Ping behind Sheng Bushi, he was also slightly stunned, but he did not say anything, instead, he let Sheng Bushi and the others sit down!
At this moment, the entire inside of the hall was filled with an aura of solemnity, and almost everyone’s eyes were dead set on Chen Ping!
This made Chen Ping very puzzled, and the others were also puzzled!
It was only after a few minutes that Patriarch Luo opened his mouth and said “Sheng Family Master, I wonder what you are here for?”
Sheng Bushi glanced at Chen Ping, then smiled slightly and said “Patriarch Luo, I wonder if you are aware of the massacre of the Blood Spirit Valley?”
“I know!”
Patriarch Luo nodded unabashedly!
On the other hand, Luo Shouhai frowned, originally, he did not believe that the five great clans would do something to slaughter the Blood Spirit Valley!
After all, there was no injustice or hatred, why would the five great sects do this!
But now that Patriarch Luo had directly said that he knew, it made Luo Shouhai begin to suspect that it was the five great sects that had done it!
Sheng Bushi also didn’t expect Patriarch Luo to answer so painfully!
“Patriarch Luo, since you know, then I’ll open up the window of heaven, we found this place based on the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, which means that the scent of the five great sects ended up staying in the Blood Spirit Valley.”
“I wonder how Patriarch Luo should explain that ah? Or does Patriarch Luo know what the Blood Spirit Valley was slaughtered by?”
Sheng Bushi asked cautiously!
After all, the strength of the five great clans were all placed here, and Sheng Bushi didn’t dare to piss them off!
“Sheng Bushi, what the f*ck do you mean? Are you saying that our five great clans slaughtered Blood Spirit Valley?”
Hai Da Fu slammed the table and roared!
Sheng Bushi, on the other hand, hurriedly apologised “Patriarch Hai, misunderstanding, I don’t mean that ……”
“Patriarch Sheng, we have indeed been to the Blood Spirit Valley, only that by the time we went, the people of the Blood Spirit Valley had already been slaughtered.”
Patriarch Luo said truthfully!
“Why did you guys go to my Blood Spirit Valley?”
Luo Shouhai rose violently and questioned Patriarch Luo!
After all, the five great clans followed the Blood Spirit Valley and didn’t cross paths, and it wasn’t on the way for the five great clans to go back, so why did they go to the Blood Spirit Valley?
“We are looking for him ……”
Patriarch Luo pointed at Chen Ping!
“Looking for me?”
Chen Ping was a little confused all of a sudden!
He didn’t understand what the people from the five great clans were going to the Blood Spirit Valley to find themselves for?
He didn’t know the people from the five great sects even when he followed them ah!
“What are you guys doing looking for me in the Blood Spirit Valley?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion!
Looking at Chen Ping’s face, Patriarch Luo snorted coldly and said, “Why are you looking for you, aren’t you clear about it yourself?”
Chen Ping was dumbfounded, of course he did not know why!
Looking at Chen Ping’s dumbfounded look Hai Dafu slammed the table again and said “What the hell are you pretending to do, what have you done that you don’t know? Pretending here.”
“Give me to arrest him, wait a while to pack you a good meal, you will know what you have done.”
As soon as Hai Dafu gave the word, a dozen sect disciples swarmed up to arrest Chen Ping!
“Who dares ……”
Bai Shao, the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, and they simultaneously erupted their breaths, and the entire hall was instantly at swords drawn!