As Chen Ping got closer and closer, the powerful aura became stronger and stronger.
Finally, when Chen Ping arrived at the small hill, they saw that about a few dozen metres away, an old man was sitting on the ground with his knees crossed, while around the old man, seven crystal balls that shone with light were continuously rotating around the old man.
“Seven Star Formation?”
Chen Ping said with some surprise when he saw this.
“What is it?”
The sound of Chen Ping’s voice instantly startled the old man, and the seven crystal balls that were flashing with light instantly came towards Chen Ping and them, and a figure rushed over at the same time.
The seven crystal balls, after reaching Chen Ping and the three of them, instantly surrounded Chen Ping and the three of them.
And at this moment, the old man had also appeared in front of Chen Ping.
“Who are you people? Why are you spying on my cultivation?”
The old man’s face was cold and full of authority as he asked.
“We are just here to travel and sightsee, we don’t mean to disturb your cultivation ……”
Chen Ping discovered that the old man in front of him was a Martial Sect realm, but not an evil cultivator, as he did not feel a trace of Yin Qi from the old man, rather, at the moment, from the ground, Yin Qi was constantly coming out.
“Bullsh*t, I can tell at a glance that you are martial artists, and your strength has reached the peak of Grand Master, how can it be that you broke in unintentionally, I have released my aura for hundreds of meters around here, there is no way you can’t feel it ……”
The old man looked at Chen Ping angrily, simply believing what Chen Ping said.
“Since you don’t believe me, I can’t help it, but I don’t see you as practicing, right, this seven star formation seems to be used to fix the cave and explore the tomb, you set up a seven star formation here, can’t this be an ancient tomb?”
Chen Ping asked, pretending to be confused.
Feeling the Yin Qi emerging from the ground, Chen Ping had long guessed that there might be another tomb under this small hill, otherwise there wouldn’t be so much Yin Qi.
Hearing Chen Ping say so, the old man’s eyes instantly flashed with a brilliant aura, and an invisible killing aura enveloped Chen Ping around them.
It seemed that Chen Ping had been right, this guy was going to kill Chen Ping and the others.
“What are you talking about, where is there any ancient tomb here, I am merely practicing my kung fu, I advise you to hurry up and get lost, otherwise don’t blame me for being ungracious ……”
The old man narrowed his eyes and said in a cold voice.
“This place is not your home, we came over to stroll around, it’s still your turn to take care of it?”
Chen Ping said in an unimpressed manner.
“Kid, do you know who I am? I am Hu Bazhi of the Hu family, you don’t even ask around, in this Kyoto city, how many people dare to provoke my Hu family ……”
The old man’s face was grim as he threatened at Chen Ping.
“Hu family?” Chen Ping was bewildered, not knowing anything about this what Hu family.
After hearing about the Hu Family, Bai Zhan Tang’s face changed slightly, “Mr. Chen, this Hu Family is a family that follows the Xuan Yuan Family, the Thunderbolt Sect, and the Shadowless Villa, but the Hu Family has always made a living by searching for caves and robbing tombs, and many hidden tombs have been found by this Hu Family, and many families will follow the Hu Family to cooperate and explore tombs together to find treasures… …”
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he became even more convinced that this Hu Baqi in front of him must have found the ancient tomb here, and was never practicing.
“You seek your tomb, I’ll go my way, we are not related, you go on with your work ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he winked towards Bai Zhan Tang and Xiao Lan, and the three of them continued to walk forward.
Seeing this, Hu Baqi was slightly stunned, followed by his anger rising up, “Kid, my Hu family’s face is not even given, it seems that you are tired of living ……”
After saying this, Hu Baqi slapped his palm towards Chen Ping, his terrifying aura sweeping in like a gale.
In Hu Baqi’s eyes, Chen Ping and the others were already like dead people, as a Martial Sect, he could deal with a few Grand Masters with ease.