Snapping …………
Suddenly there were several explosions, Jiang Wenjie’s clothes directly shattered and flew out in all directions, while Jiang Wenjie’s joints all looked like they had been suddenly hit by bullets, bursting out in a shower of blood!
As soon as Chen Ping let go of his hand, Jiang Wenjie’s body collapsed with a loud bang and blood dripped all over the ground!
“Ah …………”
Jiang Wenjie lay on the ground, the intense pain making his face grim.
“Son …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong hurriedly ran to Jiang Wenjie, hugging his body, his face full of grief and anger!
“Dad …… me …… I’m in pain ………… ”
Jiang Wenjie’s breath was weak, and with every word he spoke, a mouthful of blood would spurt out!
“Don’t say anything, don’t say anything, I’ll save you right away ……”
Jiang Zhengzhong hurriedly channeled his own internal energy into Jiang Wenjie’s body, but no matter how hard Jiang Zhengzhong tried, in the end Jiang Wenjie’s eyes still closed, without a sound.
“Son, son …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong fought to shout, but Jiang Wenjie could no longer hear him!
At this moment, everyone was stunned, not expecting Chen Ping to strike out and kill Jiang Wenjie.
“You dare to kill my son, I will cut you into pieces and execute your nine clans …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong looked at Chen Ping and his aura instantly exploded!
“It’s been said that in the ring, life and death have a destiny, could it be that Sun Yaobang, who was just scrapped by you, his family will also seek revenge on you?”
Chen Ping said with a cold laugh.
“I don’t care about the others, I just want you to die …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, his terrifying aura instantly enveloping Chen Ping in it!
The entire ring was enveloped by Jiang Zhengzhong’s terrifying aura, and there were vague signs of leakage!
Those who were close to the ring began to feel the pressure and looked at Jiang Zhengzhong in shock!
Jiang Zhengzhong’s strength had already reached a terrifying level, if he could let his aura leak out from the ring!
Looking at the scene before them, Red Phoenix and Lin Tianhu both began to worry for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, at this moment, was under the envelope of that terrifying aura, but he was calm, looking at Jiang Zhengzhong with a bit of disdain in his eyes.
“Use whatever you have, your son and daughter were all killed by me, and I will send you to be reunited with them!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
When Chen Ping mentioned his son and daughter again, Jiang Zhengzhong was instantly enraged and let out an angry shout, “Go to hell, kid ……”
Jiang Zhengzhong swung a fist towards Chen Ping!
Jiang Zhengzhong, who had taken the Bursting Pill and doubled his strength, was now using his internal energy like the inexhaustible water of the Yangtze River, his huge fist was wrapped in internal energy and shone with golden light!
Ka ka ka ka …………
With a few slight sounds, the invisible boundary above the ring seemed to be broken, and endless strong winds swept towards the people below the stage!
Those who were close to the ring immediately felt a mountain pressing down on them, each one had difficulty breathing, their faces turned extremely ugly and they hurriedly retreated to the distance!
“This …… is too terrifying ……”
Although Lin Tianhu had confidence in Chen Ping, his heart began to waver when he saw the aura Jiang Zhengzhong was emitting!
“Fu Hu Fist …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong’s fist directly sent a ripple through the air, and the invisible energy instantly transformed into a vicious tiger that opened its bloody mouth!
“Roar …………”
A tiger’s roar rang out as the fierce tiger lunged towards Chen Ping!
The bloody maw was big enough to swallow Chen Ping whole!
“Chen Ping …………”
Su Yuqi shrieked in fear!
Both Red Phoenix and Lin Tianhu were also clenching their fists, their nervous foreheads covered in sweat!
“This Chen Ping is afraid that he won’t be able to dodge this blow!”
“Can’t you see that kid is scared silly? Standing motionless!”
“At his young age, he’s considered a wonder talent, yet he’s provoked the Jiang family, it’s over, it’s over ……”
When the crowd saw the strength Jiang Zhengzhong had displayed, they all couldn’t help but secretly shake their heads and feel sorry for Chen Ping!