This was the first real physical clash between the two since they had taken to the stage, so the crowd all watched with wide eyes, all hoping to see a miracle again.
A Grand Master versus a Martial Sect, if the Grand Master won, it would give many martial artists confidence, seeing that the gap in realms could be bridged.
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s fist followed Qin Xiaolin’s fist and clashed heavily together, the huge impact spread out in all directions with the two people at the centre, and the crowd could see the aftermath spreading at a speed visible to the naked eye.
The people sitting in the front row saw this and hurriedly shot out their hands, each bursting out their breath, which was able to ward off the spreading impact, even so, the people in the front row felt their bodies trembling, which shows how great the impact was.
Click ……
There was a crisp sound as Qin Xiaolin’s wrist bent strangely in his haste to meet the battle, obviously broken, and his entire body was sent flying by a strong force.
Originally, that Qin Xiaolin was already at the edge of the ring, and now after being viciously knocked out, he flew straight out of the ring and smashed towards the ground.
“Big brother …………”
Seeing this, Qin Xiaotian was shocked and hurriedly leapt up, trying to hold Qin Xiaolin.
And those Qin family underlings also leapt into mid-air, joining forces to try to catch Qin Xiaolin.
Boom boom boom …………
After a muffled sound, Qin Xiaotian and those Qin family underlings were all ruthlessly hit by Qin Xiaolin and flew out together.
With so many people, they were unable to stop Qin Xiaolin’s body from flying out backwards, so it was clear how strong Chen Ping’s punch was.
Qin Xiaolin and his brother Qin Xiaotian, together with the Qin family’s many underlings, all hit the ground hard, stirring up a puff of smoke and dust.
With this, the entire stadium instantly exploded, and Chen Ping’s punch shocked almost everyone.
“Mr. Chen is awesome, one person singled out the Qin family’s crowd ……”
Lin Tianhu jumped straight up in excitement and kept yelling.
“Grand Elder, Grand Elder …………”
Yu Dong wanted to ask Xu Changsheng what was going on, but he found that Xu Changsheng looked straight at Chen Ping as if he had been cast a fixation spell, not moving a muscle.
Qin Xiaolin climbed to his feet with difficulty, his face as hard as it could be.
His right hand sagged helplessly, no longer able to move.
Looking at his broken wrist, Qin Xiaolin could not understand why Chen Ping, a Grand Master, had such strength. He found that when he fought with Chen Ping, it was as if Chen Ping’s qi could never be used up, and it was getting stronger and stronger.
This could not be the strength that a martial artist with the strength of a Grand Master could display, could it be that he had misread his own eyes?
“Chen Ping, I am defeated, I admit that you are strong, you are not a Grand Master, what exactly is your strength? What secrets do you have in you?”
Qin Xiaolin asked as he narrowed his eyes slightly and looked at Chen Ping with a deadly stare.
Hearing Qin Xiaolin say this, everyone also looked at Chen Ping, they all thought that Chen Ping’s strength was only that of a Grand Master, but now he had beaten Qin Xiaolin, who was a Martial Sect, completely, could it be that they were all wrong? Or perhaps there was some secret in Chen Ping that these people wanted to know.
“The secrets in my body, you are not worthy of knowing yet ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
Qin Xiaolin’s face was filled with anger, but he was not in the ring, now that his wrist was broken, he could no longer be Chen Ping’s opponent.
“Fine, I lost to you today, I admit it, we’ll see ……”
Qin Xiaolin had no face to stay any longer, after he finished speaking, he turned around and prepared to leave with his men.
“Did I give you permission to leave?”
Qin Xiaolin had just turned around when Chen Ping’s voice came, followed by a black shadow flashing overhead, Chen Ping leapt directly from the ring and blocked in front of Qin Xiaolin.