The dragon chair was a symbol of status, and sitting underneath it was quite imposing. Although Gu Mantian had collected many things, this dragon chair was his favourite thing, and he would sit on it almost every day to feel the majesty of the Son of Heaven back then!
“Ancient, I advise you to burn the dragon chair, perhaps you can still live longer!”
Chen Ping persuaded to Gu Mantian.
“What do you mean?” Gu Wentian frowned, “At such a young age, are you cursing me to death?”
Gu Mantian was furious, if it wasn’t for the sake of Lin Tianhu, Chen Ping wouldn’t even be qualified to enter his compound, now that this Chen Ping had even spoken out of turn, how could Gu Mantian not be furious!
“Ancient don’t be angry, Mr. Chen must have his reasons for saying so!”
Lin Tianhu hurriedly got up to dissuade Gu Wentian, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Since Mr. Chen can see something, I hope he can tell the truth, Ancient is not an outsider!
Of course Lin Tianhu knew that Chen Ping was capable, otherwise he would not have become the head of the Heavenly Dragon Hall!
“Kid, if you can’t tell us the reason today, no one will be able to save you!”
Gu Mantian snorted coldly and stood up from the dragon chair!
Chen Ping was in no hurry and said with a faint smile, “It’s good that this dragon chair is a real relic of the Son of Heaven, and indeed of the Ming Dynasty, it’s just a pity that this dragon chair is filled with resentment, if I’m not wrong, the former Son of Heaven of a dynasty died on top of this dragon chair, otherwise there wouldn’t be such a great resentment.”
“The reason why Ancient sat on the dragon chair and did not feel anything is because this place is full of spiritual energy, it is a place of earthly excellence, which has temporarily suppressed the resentment on the dragon chair, but now the nine dragons on the dragon chair have all been charged with resentment, if you continue to stay, you are afraid that you will not live long, can’t you see that the nine heads on the dragon chair have all faintly blackened!”
After Chen Ping’s words, Gu Wen Tian shivered consciously and hurriedly looked at his own dragon chair, and saw that the nine dragon heads were a little different in colour from the rest, becoming a little darker!
“Kid, you don’t have to bluff me, this dragon’s head has turned black, it’s also caused by oxidation due to its age, what kind of grievance Qi rushes through the body, it’s just nonsense!”
Gu asked the weather and slapped the table violently and said.
“Forget it if you don’t believe me!” Chen Ping laughed disdainfully, “I saved your life because you reminded me, but you didn’t appreciate it, this is probably your destiny, don’t look at your body now, but every night you will have nightmares about being entangled by a python, and finally you will wake up suffocated, you have been having such dreams for at least a month!”
Chen Ping finished, turned around and left!
“Mr. Chen!” Lin Tianhu looked embarra*sed and hurriedly chased after him!
At this moment, Gu Wentian was frozen on the spot, and was now in a state of shock, knowing that he had never mentioned anything about his dream to anyone, how could this Chen Ping know about it and know it so carefully?
“Wait a minute!”
Gu Wentian quickly chased after him and shouted at Chen Ping.
“What? Was I right?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Gu Wentian.
Gu Mantian was full of embarra*sment and finally nodded, “Little …… Mr. Chen is right, I have been haunted by nightmares recently, and I have been having the same dream every day, it has been bothering me for a long time!”
“The python in that dream is the nine dragons on this dragon chair, now the nine dragons are rushing with resentment and have not yet turned completely black, if these nine dragons turn black all over, even if the Da Luo Golden Immortal comes down to earth, I’m afraid it won’t be able to save you!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Then, then what do I do now?” Gu Wentian had gained trust in Chen Ping by now!
“Burn this dragon chair, not with ordinary fire, but use paper money to light it on fire, to burn it completely clean.” Chen Ping said.
“This …………” Gu Wentian looked at the dragon chair, his eyes were full of regret, he knew that this dragon chair was bought from abroad after a great deal of effort, this was suddenly burnt, Gu Wentian was a little He asked Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, besides burning the dragon chair, is there any other way?”