Ji Lian Jun was also stunned, then asked “Xian Nephew, you said that you guys walked out of that illusionary formation by yourselves?”
“Yeah!” Ji Yun nodded!
“How is it possible, this illusion formation was laid down by a formation master at great expense, how could you walk out so easily?”
Ji Lian Jun muttered, somewhat in disbelief!
“Eldest uncle, Mr Chen is a high-level formation master, as for the illusion formation, his attainments are even deeper, so this kind of illusion formation, can’t be difficult for us at all.”
Ji Yun said truthfully!
Ji Lian Jun looked at Chen Ping incredulously, Chen Ping looked so young, but he was actually a formation master?
“Ji family master, although this illusion formation of yours is not bad, but it is also full of loopholes inside, if you meet someone who moves the formation, you can break it in minutes.”
“That’s why when I was inside, I slightly altered the illusion formation to make it more difficult to be broken through.”
Chen Ping said as he arched his hand towards Jilian Jun!
“What, you changed all the illusion formations?” Ji Lian Jun was shocked, and immediately said “Cheng’er, quickly go and take a look at your two sisters, after the two of them went in, the illusionary formations were altered, and I’m afraid that the two of them won’t be able to come out.”
Ji Cheng was embarrassed for a while, now that the illusion formation had been changed, he could not get out even if he went in, so Ji Cheng looked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping instantly understood what it meant, so he told Ji Cheng the recipe!
“You just need to follow the mnemonic and you won’t get lost in it ……”
Chen Ping said!
Ji Cheng nodded and then ran out!
Soon, Ji Cheng walked in with Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling!
The two girls were surprised when they saw Chen Ping and the others!
“How did you guys come out?” Ji Meiyan asked in confusion!
“Shut up.” Ji Lian Jun snorted coldly “You two are too unbridled, your sixth brother just arrived and you did this to him, is this hospitality?”
“Hurry up and apologise to your sixth brother, besides this Mr Chen is a formation master, so that illusionary formation couldn’t trap them at all.”
“And this Mr Chen also altered the formation a bit, making it even more perfect, otherwise how could you guys be trapped inside.”
When Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling heard this, they were astonished, they did not expect that Chen Ping, at his young age, was actually a formation master!
However, the two also knew that they had gone a bit too far, and hurriedly walked to Ji Yun and said “Sixth brother, I’m really sorry, we’re sorry, we’re wrong, and we didn’t mean to mess with you.”
Ji Yun panicked and got up “Eldest sister and second sister, this is just a small joke, I don’t care.”
The two then went in front of Chen Ping and Fire Phoenix to apologise, and their attitude was also very sincere, without that naughtiness from the beginning!
It could be seen that this Ji Lian Jun’s tutelage was very strict!
“Xian nephew, is your father alright? I really didn’t expect that after so many years, he was able to raise such an understanding son as you.”
“Your father was the most mischievous when he was young, and your grandfather loved him the most, once he was gone for so many years, your grandfather also thought about it for so many years.”
Ji Lianjun brought up the past and looked a little sad!
Ji Yun listened to Ji Lian Jun’s words, and his face was ashamed!
What he used to be like, he knew best in his own heart, just a playboy, how would he know what it means to be a director!
It was only after following Chen Pingzhi that Ji Yun’s nature slowly changed!
“Uncle, my father is fine, he has now built a Flying Sky Sect and runs the airship business.”
“If it wasn’t for some recent situation with the Flying Sky Sect, my father would have wanted to follow along.”
“Uncle, I wonder how my grandfather is doing now, I want to go and meet his old man ……”
Ji Yun asked to Ji Lian Jun!
Upon hearing that Ji Yun wanted to meet his old man, Ji Lian Jun hesitated!
But right at this moment, a Ji family subordinate ran in and said “Family Master, it’s bad, the old master has vomited blood again, and now the three pharmacists are powerless to do anything about it.”