Soon, the surrounding houses began to collapse, and some people were even blown into mid-air. Those people within the Pill God Valley desperately fled, screaming miserably, but the Pill God Valley Master surprisingly did not have the slightest intention of stopping, watching those ordinary people within the Pill God Valley, being torn apart by the tornado without doing anything.
Seeing this, Xu Changsheng and several other elders desperately struck a barrier against the power of the tornado of fury, preventing this tornado of fury from causing even more powerful damage to the Pill God Valley ……
The first thing you need to do is to look at the tornado in front of you, you are like a tiny ant, but Chen Ping is not afraid at all, his body slowly emits golden light, then the golden light rises, Chen Ping also seems to become taller in an instant, straight into the tornado.
Seeing Chen Ping’s suicidal action, Xu Changsheng was stunned, he couldn’t understand, was Chen Ping looking for death?
In front of such a tornado of fierce qi, Xu Changsheng did not dare to resist it, but Chen Ping took the initiative to meet it.
This was the Pill God Valley Master’s cold laugh, “Hahahaha, kid, there is a way in heaven that you don’t take, and now you are actually taking the initiative to send yourself to death ……”
The Pill God Valley Master laughed wildly, no one could survive this tornado of fierce Qi, not even a Martial Sect expert.
The sky was strewn with debris, a deep gully on the ground, Chen Ping was standing right in the centre of the tornado of fierce Qi at the moment.
The people outside could not see Chen Ping’s appearance, but they knew that he should have been torn apart by this tornado of fierce Qi.
The Heart Condensation Skill was running at a rapid pace as Chen Ping slowly opened his mouth, and a thick stream of fierce Qi was sucked into Chen Ping’s belly.
The tornado of fierce qi grew smaller and smaller, its power diminishing, and in the end the curtain slowly fell.
As the smoke and dust fell, Chen Ping’s dust-covered body slowly revealed itself.
The fierce Qi that this Pill God Valley Master had used the formation to condense had at the moment enhanced Chen Ping’s strength by a large margin.
Within Chen Ping’s dantian, spiritual energy was abundant, and his entire body was filled with power ……
“How is this possible?”
Xu Changsheng and a few other elders were stunned at once.
The power of that tornado of fierce Qi had taken several of their elders all their strength to resist, but Chen Ping had entered within that tornado and still survived?
How could this be possible? Chen Ping was nowhere near as strong as any of them, so how on earth had Chen Ping managed to do that?
This was simply beyond their knowledge and turned their imagination upside down!
The Pill God Valley Master simply, too, had his face wildly changed.
Even Xu Changsheng and the other Martial Sects did not dare to resist this terrifying tornado of fury, but Chen Ping, who was only a Grand Master, had run inside the tornado of fury and was not harmed at all?
How could this be possible? The Pill God Valley Master couldn’t figure out even if he thought about it, why was this!
“How on earth did you …… manage to do that?”
The Pill God Valley Master couldn’t help but ask in horror.
“Evil cultivators are evil cultivators after all, the techniques you think you can quickly improve your strength are actually your greatest drawbacks, just think of this spell formation, it seems to be immense and powerful, but it is just a trick to bluff people, it is not worth mentioning in my eyes ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold snort.
“Not worth mentioning?” The Pill God Valley Master’s eyes stared and fiercely shot out two flames from his eyes, a ma*s of black gas emanated from inside the Pill God Valley Master’s body, and after these black gases met the flames, they were like gasoline and quickly burned up.
The entire body of the Pill God Valley Master was almost surrounded by flames, and his entire person was like a man of fire.
“Fire Infant Technique …………”
The Pill God Valley Master shouted explosively, followed by a fireball suddenly shooting out from within the flames around his body.