He had originally thought that as a cultivator, although he did not dare to say that he was invincible, he had not had any enemies so far, and he had defeated his opponents in a crushing manner, but now Chen Ping realized that the so-called opponents he had met were just some small fishes and shrimps, and he had not seen any truly powerful families yet.
But Chen Ping was not afraid, after all, he did not have anything to do with those powerful families, as long as they did not look for trouble, Chen Ping would not take the initiative to provoke them, he only wanted to find out his origins, and wanted to know whether his mother was still alive or not.
“Mr. Chen, you don’t have to worry, these families that hide behind the scenes won’t easily target a person either, so it’s still these so-called powerful families that deal with each other in Kyoto in the open!”
Zhao Wuji was afraid that Chen Ping would be scared and hurriedly said.
“Mm!” Chen Ping nodded, and then continued, “I do have some urgent matters, so I can’t stay in Kyoto for long, so how about this, I can stay in Kyoto for three days to help you find out those people from the Miao Village!”
“Thank you Mr. Chen …… Mr. Chen for your help, those people from the Miao Village will definitely not be able to escape ……”
Zhao Wuji said with a surprised look on his face when he heard this.
Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator, as long as he was willing to make a move, those people from the Miao Village would definitely not be able to escape.
Upon hearing this, Chang Yuanjun also hurriedly thanked him, “Thank you, Mr. Chen ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Leader Chang doesn’t need to be polite, but if I still can’t find it in three days’ time, I will have no choice but to leave.”
“No problem, I will definitely find it in three days time, otherwise I would have stayed inside Department Six for nothing ……”
The reason why he left Chen Ping behind was so that after he found those people from the Miao Village, he could let Chen Ping do something to leave them behind.
After a few more conversations, Chen Ping followed Zhao Wuji and left, while Su Yuqi and Gu Wentian and the others were all still waiting for Chen Ping at Christie’s auction, and the Bai family were all there, no one dared to leave.
“Mr. Chen, how is it, has the son of the Chang leader been cured?”
Bai Xiushan hurriedly asked when he saw that Chen Ping had returned.
If Chen Ping had really cured Leader Chang’s son, then Chen Ping would be able to have smooth sailing in Kyoto from now on, after all, by getting close to a leader inside Department Six, many things would be easier.
“Well, it’s just a damaged mind, nothing major ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Chen Ping did not say anything about the puppet worm, even if he did, Bai Xiushan and the others would not necessarily know, after all, they were only martial artists and did not know much about what was in the warlock.
“That Chang Yuan has been in a coma for more than a year, and he has searched all over for famous doctors and experts, but they have failed to look after him, so how can it not be a big deal, it must be because Mr. Chen is highly skilled in medicine, so he cured him as soon as he struck.”
Bai Zhan Tang said with a surprised face.
“Yes, yes, that must be the case, Mr. Chen is too modest!”
Bai Xiushan followed and echoed.
“Mr. Chen, that Yuan Baozhong and Zou Zhaolong aren’t looking for trouble, right?”
Gu Wentian knew that these two people had also been invited by the Chang Aid Army and would definitely have unpleasant encounters when they ran into each other after Chen Ping.
Before Chen Ping could say anything, Zhao Wuji said, “Those two big crooks have already rolled back to China Harbour, leaving in that wretched state, where is the master style ……”
When the crowd heard this, they all knew that it must be that Yuan Baozhong was not as skilled as others and was cleaned up by Chen Ping before he left in disarray.
Bai Xiushan’s heart was even more determined at this point that the Bai family would follow Chen Ping in the future and look up to him!
“Mr. Chen, when are we going back to Hong City then?”
Gu asked Tian Gu