“Pavilion Master Zhao, let’s introduce ……”
Chen Ping swept a glance at those Guardian Pavilion members and said.
Zhao Wuji nodded, “Everyone gather ……”
With a command, all the Dharma Protecting Pavilion members all gathered tightly, each standing straight, with expectation and excitement on their faces.
“Just now you have seen the strength of Mr. Chen, in the future Mr. Chen will teach you, so that you can improve your strength in a short period of time, now I declare that Mr. Chen will be the instructor of the Dharma Protecting Pavilion, anyone who dares not listen to instructor Chen, directly get the hell out of my way …… ”
Zhao Wuji said to the team members with a serious face.
“Anyone who dares to disobey Mr. Chen, I, Xu Shimao, will not be able to pa*s this hurdle ……”
Xu Shimao added from the sidelines.
“Yes, at the command of Instructor Chen ……”
All the team members shouted in unison.
The strength that Chen Ping had just shown had long convinced these team members, and even if Zhao Wuji did not dictate it, none of them dared to disobey.
“Mr. Chen, say a few words ……” said Zhao Wuji as he looked towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded and then said loudly, “I don’t really have much time to teach you guys anything, so most of the time you guys stick to your own training, but I can write some of my own cultivation tips to help you guys improve faster, and the other thing is the aid of pills, I can ask the Medicine God Valley to send some pills that help with cultivation over, so you guys will improve faster will be faster ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Pill God Valley pills?”
At this moment, all the team members, including Zhao Wuji, all froze.
One had to know that Pill God Valley elixirs were not that easy to ask for, how many people had gone to Pill God Valley to ask for pills and ended up being blocked out.
Not to mention that there were dozens of them in the Protector Pavilion now, which required dozens of pills, how could the Pill God Valley possibly take out so many pills to give to the Protector Pavilion?
“Mr. Chen, the Pill God Valley’s pills are expensive, not to mention that they are simply not available for the general public to ask for, there are dozens of people in our Dharma Guardian Pavilion, the number of pills needed for this is not small, could it be that Mr. Chen has some kind of friendship with the Pill God Valley?”
Zhao Wuji asked with a face full of doubts.
Chen Ping smiled faintly, “There is no friendship, but as a valley master, I still have this right ……”
“Oh!” Zhao Wuji let out an oh, but then froze as if reacting and looked at Chen Ping in shock, “Mr. Chen …… Chen, what did you just say? The valley …… valley master? Are you the Pill God Valley Master?”
“If I am not the Pill God Valley Valley Master, how dare I boast such a big claim ……”
Chen Ping said.
Chen Ping’s words caused so people to freeze, not being able to react for a long time, because the shock Chen Ping had given them was so much that they were now as good as dumb.
After a few minutes, Zhao Wuji reacted, his face filled with excitement, he really did not expect that Chen Ping would have such a double identity.
Now that Chen Ping had become an instructor of the Dharma Protector Pavilion, wouldn’t the pills that the Pavilion needed in the future be available at Chen Ping’s word?
“Long live Instructor Chen …………”
I don’t know who suddenly shouted from below, followed by all the team members all shouting in excitement.
“Long live Instructor Chen ……”
“Long live Instructor Chen ……”
Soon, numerous for rushed forward and lifted Chen Ping high in the air because they were too excited, so excited that they didn’t know how to show it.
Zhao Wuji looked at Chen Ping, his eyes were also excited, with the addition of Chen Ping, the future of the Dharma Protector Pavilion might be glorious, will not be like now, fall into such an embarra*sing situation, the current Dharma Protector Pavilion is grandma does not love uncle does not love, those world clans still look up to the Dharma Protector Pavilion.