After Xing Jun finished speaking, Chen Ping looked at him with slightly strained eyes, “So, I’m the one who is muddying up the Kyoto martial arts world, right?”
After all, the Kyoto martial arts world had gone through many years and the division of power had become clear, no matter which clan or family it was, they all kept each other in check, no one dared to jump out and face the entire martial arts world head on, they all developed secretly behind the scenes!
But Chen Ping’s appearance broke this balance and directly turned the Kyoto martial arts world upside down!
It was only at this moment that Chen Ping figured out why Mr. Shi was backing him up at every turn.
Xing Jun looked at Chen Ping and smiled, but said nothing. After the two corpses were disposed of to check and balance, Xing Jun threw the cigarette in his hand to the ground.
“Mr. Shi asked me to tell you that tomorrow he will call a meeting of the clans and families of the entire Kyoto martial arts community, and Mr. Shi asked you to attend as well ……”
Xing Jun said to Chen Ping.
“I’ll attend too? Doesn’t Mr. Shi know that all those people want my life?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“That’s Mr. Shi’s intention, anyway, I told you ……”
Xing Jun said, turned around and left.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked helpless, he didn’t really like this feeling of being dominated like a puppet!
“Don’t you like it when the water is muddy? Then I’ll be putting in more effort to muddy up the waters of the martial arts world ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes shone with a brilliant aura before he turned around and left as well!
………………
The Wudao Alliance!
After waiting until it was dark, Zhu Zhishan did not wait for the news he wanted to know.
“D*mn it, what the f*ck is the Blood Corpse Cult ……”
Zhu Zhishan slapped the table fiercely and cursed!
Seeing that it was not certain that he would get the news today, Zhu Zhishan got up and prepared to go to rest.
At that moment, however, a person from the Martial Arts Alliance hurriedly entered and handed Zhu Zhishan an invitation!
Zhu Zhishan was stunned, “Who sent this, is there an invitation sent at night?”
“Alliance Master, it’s from the Dharma Guardian Pavilion!”
The Martial Alliance member said.
Once he heard that it was from the Dharma Protection Pavilion, Zhu Zhishan hurriedly took it over, knowing that it must be Mr. Shi who had something to do with it.
When he opened the invitation, he found that it was for all the sects and families of the Martial Dao Alliance to attend a meeting at the Dharma Protection Pavilion tomorrow!
At this, Zhu Zhishan was filled with suspicion!
In all these years, he had never seen Mr. Shi so anxious about a meeting.
The invitation had been sent in the evening, and the meeting was to be held tomorrow.
“Could it be because of Chen Ping’s matter?”
Zhu Zhishan frowned slightly, his mind preoccupied!
And at the same time, all the sects and families in the martial arts world of Kyoto all received Mr. Shi’s invitation at the same time!
This night, the martial arts world was in chaos, speculating about Mr. Shi’s intentions!
Zhu Zhishan didn’t sleep a wink and gathered all the other clans and families of the Martial Arts Union.
They all analysed what Mr Shi meant.
Later, after prying, it was revealed that Mr. Shi had suddenly met because recently there were always people from the martial arts world who had been sucked out of their essence and died, and there were signs of a great revival of evil cultivators, so they met.
The meeting had nothing to do with Chen Ping, and it was not because of Chen Ping’s meeting, so Zhu Zhishan’s heart settled down.
Moreover, Zhu Zhishan spied that Chen Ping had also been invited and would attend the reminiscence, which made him a little excited!
When the time came, he would lay a net nearby, and as long as Chen Ping went to attend, when he came out, he would simply capture or kill Chen Ping.
Now Zhu Zhishan was a bit anxious, so he no longer considered Mr. Shi.
He would strike first and kill Chen Ping straight away, and then Mr Shi would not kill him even if he chastised him.
But if he didn’t kill Chen Ping, then he wouldn’t be able to keep his position as the alliance leader, not to mention that he might lose his life as well.
After weighing the pros and cons, Zhu Zhishan had to kill Chen Ping as soon as possible, so that he could save his life.