Chen Ping saw that Ge Jiayi was panicking, he was also a bit confused, in fact, Chen Ping’s emotional intelligence was really low, he couldn’t coax a girl, let alone say some sweet words!
Chen Ping himself didn’t know why, all these girls were actively pursuing him, causing him to be a bit overwhelmed!
“You, you don’t cry, it’s not at all what you think, it’s really …………”
Chen Ping looked at Ge Jiayi crying and was a bit at a loss, wanting to wipe Ge Jiayi’s tears, but not daring to!
“Why not, don’t think I don’t know, what is your relationship with that Gu Ling’er? I’ve inquired about it long ago.”
“Why is it that your girlfriend is locked up in the Martial Union and you get to sleep with Gu Ling’er?”
“She’s still your girlfriend’s bestie ……”
Ge Jiayi questioned at Chen Ping, looking like she had long since inquired about the relationships around Chen Ping!
“No, I didn’t sleep with Ling’er, who are you listening to nonsense?”
“Not to mention Ling’er, I haven’t slept with Yuqi either, I’m still a big boy!”
Chen Ping explained somewhat anxiously.
When Ge Jiayi heard this, she froze, and her tears stopped flowing!
Looking at Chen Ping incredulously, she couldn’t believe that Chen Ping was still a big lad!
“Is what you said true?”
Ge Jiayi asked incredulously.
“I swear to God, I really haven’t done anything to them, I only thought of doing what I should do after I got married ……”
Chen Ping said with a serious face.
Looking at Chen Ping’s serious look, Ge Jiayi suddenly snorted with laughter!
“I really didn’t expect that such a powerful person like you would still be a big lad!”
“Since that’s the case, then I’m relieved, this way, at least we’re all on the same starting line, then I’m not afraid!”
“I’m confident that you’ll like me!”
Ge Jiayi was full of confidence.
Since Chen Ping hadn’t touched anyone, Ge Jiayi was relieved.
Watching Ge Chia-Yi break into tears and smile, Chen Ping was helpless, he had just been really scared by Ge Chia-Yi!
Luckily, there was the Clear Heart Mantra, otherwise he was a normal man, who could have withstood it!
“It’s getting late, you should rest quickly, I’m going out ……”
Chen Ping towards get away from here quickly!
“Don’t you go, just sleep here ……”
Ge Jiayi said to Chen Ping.
“No, no, no, I’m afraid …………”
Before Chen Ping could finish his sentence, Ge Jiayi interrupted him, “You just sleep here, I’ll go, I have another room!”
With that, Ge Jiayi turned around and left the room, and as she reached the door, she suddenly turned towards Chen Ping with a faint smile, “Good night ……”
After Ge Jiayi walked out of the door, Chen Ping hurriedly went to close the door of the room!
Sitting on the bed, Chen Ping panted heavily, wiping a handful of cold sweat from his forehead, Chen Ping couldn’t help but let out a bitter laugh!
He was a great martial marquis, but he was scared like this by a female!
“Hey, in this society nowadays, women are too active ……”
Chen Ping sighed and began to cultivate on his knees, sleep was definitely out of the question!
Early the next morning, Chen Ping got up early!
Breathing in the fresh air, Chen Ping couldn’t help but sigh that the Ge family’s courtyard was really well built!
“Mr. Chen, did you sleep well last night?”
At this time, Ge Fuhai walked over and asked Chen Ping with a playful face.
“Master Ge, it was quite good, it was quite good ……”
Chen Ping was a little embarra*sed and nodded his head in a hurry.
Looking at Chen Ping like that, the smile on Ge Fuhai’s face intensified, he went forward and patted Chen Ping’s shoulder, in a gesture of an elder speaking to a junior and said, “Just sleep well, in a moment I will take you to our Ge family land, you should know that our Ge family land, is forbidden for outsiders to enter.”