At the same time, those black bronze robes fell to the ground one after another, their bodies shrinking rapidly and turning into a dry corpse, as if the strength within their bodies had been sucked out!
The giant looked down at Chen Ping, and a terrifying aura instantly filled the air!
The gigantic figure simply covered the sky, and Chen Ping was like an ant in front of this giant!
Ning Zhi looked at the giant forming in front of him, and his eyes were wide with wonder!
This was the first time he had ever seen one, and this spell was called the Ten Thousand Realms Demon Heart!
As soon as the spell was cast, the wielder would be stripped of everything. Not only were the black bronze robes turned into dried corpses, but even the spirits had long since become part of the giant!
The strength of the giant is directly proportional to the strength of the wielder of the spell, and the stronger the strength, the longer the duration of stay!
According to the strength of these black bronze robes, the giant will only last half an hour!
After half an hour, the giant will dissipate, and the black bronze robes and the spirits inside them will die too.
This technique was extremely cruel, so few people used it!
“Chen Ping, this time you will definitely die …………”
Ning Zhi had a smug and rampant look on his face!
Those black bronze robes were dead, Ning Zhi didn’t think anything of it, as long as he himself lived.
“Is that so? Then watch this ……”
Chen Ping said, his feet shook, followed by his body leaping up!
Looking at the incomparably large actually, Chen Ping surprisingly did not have the slightest bit of timidity, a golden light shone above his two fists, the power of the divine dragon condensed on top of his fist, followed by a smash out.
The sound of a dragon’s roar rang out as the power of Chen Ping’s fist poured out like a cannonball towards the giant!
A red light flashed on the giant’s forehead, and he slammed his fist out!
Chen Ping’s figure was so small compared to the giant’s that it was not even as big as the giant’s fist!
But there was determination in Chen Ping’s eyes, he was not timid at all!
Boom!
Chen Ping’s fist collided heavily with the giant’s, and Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards!
And the giant’s figure swayed under the punch!
Chen Ping steadied himself and looked at the swaying giant with an even more determined look on his face!
“A useless thing, this one punch will blow your head off ……”
Chen Ping knew that this giant was relying on that gemstone condensed from the essence blood on his forehead, as long as one punch shattered that gemstone, this giant would also disappear!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping once again swung his fist, the golden light bursting out of his body, Chen Ping personally was like a golden cannonball, heading towards that giant once again!
Seeing this, the giant once again swung his fist at Chen Ping, but unfortunately, his fist was shattered by Chen Ping in an instant!
This time, the giant’s body fell to the ground with a crash, stirring up a cloud of dust!
Chen Ping then ruthlessly smashed towards actually’s forehead, he wanted to destroy the jewel on that forehead!
At this moment, Chen Ping was as mad as a maniac, his golden fist kept smashing into the giant’s head!
One punch, two punches, three punches …………
The giant fell to the ground, no longer able to fight back!
Two strokes, just two strokes, and the giant was on the ground, a victim of a beating!
Ning Zhi looked at this scene, he couldn’t believe it!
This giant had been condensed with the power of a dozen Black Bronze Robe and Soul Spirits, so how could it be so unbeatable?
“Boom!”
Chen Ping landed another punch, and the red gem on that giant’s forehead instantly shattered!
Along with the shattering of that gem, the giant’s head also directly shattered, and then his body slowly began to dissipate!
Chen Ping slowly got up and looked at Ning Zhi with a pair of cold eyes.
“Next, it’s your turn ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were cold as his body leapt up and his golden fist headed towards that Ning Zhi.