“Tong Youcai, you don’t need to cry here and pretend to be merciful, you don’t care who moved the hand, anyway, you can’t compare with me!”
Tong Youcai said as he looked coldly at the young man.
“Youkong, how can you say that about your brother? He is also concerned about you. ……”
The woman saw this and said to Tong You Gong with great dissatisfaction.
“Pull back, you mother and son will care about me?” Tong Youkong snorted coldly!
“You …………” The woman had a furious look on her face!
“Alright, don’t even say that!” At this point, Tong Ocean spoke up, and only then did the others stop!
After Tong You Gong’s mother died, Tong Ocean remarried and had another son, Tong You Cai!
But all along, Tong You Gong and Tong You Cai did not have a good relationship with each other!
Tong Youcai had always wanted to replace Tong Youkong as the young master of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, but Tong Ocean didn’t agree!
Now that Tong Youcai had undergone a genetic transformation, his strength had increased so much that his position in the Heavenly Thunder Sect had been consolidated even more!
Although Tong Youcai had always wanted to genetically modify his genes, he was prevented from doing so by Tong Ocean on the pretext that he was too young!
“Big brother, you say you’re a Martial God, yet you’re being beaten like this by a Martial Saint, and I heard that that kid isn’t even from a hidden sect.”
“Isn’t that a bit too surreal? But I heard from the people below that there were also people from the Pure Yang Sect present at that time, you, the youngest master of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, being beaten like this by a Martial Saint, what will the other sects think of us?”
“Right, I also heard that big brother showed his powerful genetic repair ability on the spot and his wounds healed instantly, you also know that this is the secret of our Heavenly Thunder Sect.
Tong Youcai asked without haste.
Tong Youcai’s words caused cold sweat to break out on Tong Youkong’s forehead instantly, because there were many things that he did not follow Tong Ocean to tell the truth, he was afraid that his father would get angry and be punished!
But now he was told by Tong Youcai, which made Tong Youkong angry and scared at the same time!
“Tong Youcai, what are you talking about, don’t spout blood ……”
Tong Youkong yelled at Tong Youcai!
“Brother, why are you still anxious, I also heard this from the people below, if you don’t want to, call the people who went with you and ask them to come and find out!”
Tong Youcai said with a faint smile.
“You …………” Tong Youkong had nothing to say!
Tong Ocean looked at Tong Youkong angrily: “Is it true what your brother said?”
“Dad, at that time I …………”
Tong Youkong wanted to explain, but was directly interrupted by Tong Ocean: “Alright, don’t say anymore, simply a waste, he couldn’t even defeat a Martial Saint, and exposed the secret of our Heavenly Thunder Sect’s genetic modification.”
“You go face the Cliff of Contemplation, when you really know your mistake, come out in ……”
Tong Ocean said with a big wave of his hand!
“Dad, I’m wrong, I know I’m wrong, I don’t want to go to the Siwei Cliff ……”
When Tong Yougong heard that he had to go to the Siwei Cliff, he was terrified!
But Tong Ocean didn’t have a soft heart, but ordered someone to take Tong Youkong away!
Seeing that Tong Youkong was taken away, Tong Youcai and his mother all showed smiles of triumph!
“Dad, I already know the details of the guy who injured big brother.”
“His name is Chen Ping, he’s a relatively famous fellow in the martial arts world of Kyoto recently, and is only a Martial Saint in strength.”
“Now he’s been saved by someone from the Pure Yang Sect, but he injured big brother and made our Tian Lei Sect lose face, I will personally find that Chen Ping to avenge big brother.”
“I will definitely get back the face of our Heavenly Thunder Sect ……”
Tong Youcai was behaving in front of Tong Ocean!
“But with your brother’s strength, you’ve been injured, can you be a match for that Chen Ping?”
“What’s more, the Pure Yang Clan won’t let you take people away that easily.”
Tong Ocean frowned slightly and said.
“Dad, I have my own way, there are times when strength does not mean that you can overcome everything, you still need to use your brain.”
The implication beyond Tong Youcai’s words was that Tong Youkong had no brains!
“Alright, you take care of yourself, I don’t want you to get hurt too!”
Tong Ocean patted Tong Youcai’s shoulder and said!
“Dad, don’t worry about it ……”
When Tong Youcai saw that Tong Ocean promised himself, he was overjoyed!