“Second sister, don’t be afraid, there’s still me ……”
At this time, Ji Yun who was mixed in the crowd walked to Ji Meiling’s side and whispered!
Ji Meiling glanced at Ji Yun and nodded with a smile, first of all, regardless of Ji Yun’s strength, at the very least, with Ji Yun around, Ji Meiling wouldn’t feel too lonely!
Just as Ji Meiling and Ji Yun were talking, not far away, Ji Meizhen spotted Ji Yun!
“Brother, look, isn’t this the pharmacist that Ji Cheng found? Why did this guy come in as well?”
Ji Meizhen said as she pointed at Ji Yun!
At that time, Ji Cheng had brought Chen Ping and the others here and said that they were all pharmacists, so Ji Meizhen and the others also saw Ji Yun as a pharmacist!
Ji Yue took a look, then smiled coldly and said “It must be that Ji Cheng who messed up and made this guy mix inside the team to enter the Ancestral Ground, didn’t you see that he was still wearing our Ji family’s clothes on him.”
“But it doesn’t matter, even if he is wearing the clothes of the Ji family, it is useless to enter the Ancestral Ground, he won’t be able to get past the Great Ancestor at that time.”
“When the Great Ancestor pulls this guy out, I’ll see how they explain.”
Ji Yue didn’t expose Ji Yun on the spot, instead, he had to wait until he entered the Ancestral Ground and was pulled out by the Great Ancestor, then it would be hilarious!
Their group, quickly walked into the middle of the Ancestral Ground, and then into the main hall!
The Ji Family’s Great Ancestor was still sitting in the middle of the hall, his eyes slightly closed!
Seeing this, all the disciples of the Ji family kneeled on the ground, and then said loudly “All the disciples of the Ji family, pay their respects to the Great Ancestor …….”
The Great Ancestor slowly opened his eyes and directly placed his gaze on Qin Jingyu’s body!
It didn’t even need to check the bloodline, one could tell at a glance that Qin Jingyu wasn’t a member of the Ji family!
“What’s going on here? Why did an outsider enter?”
The Great Ancestor asked coldly!
“Great Ancestor, this is Duke Qin of the Giant Barbarian Palace, because the Giant Barbarian Palace is kind to our Ji family, so the family master granted Duke Qin permission to enter the ancestral land, here is the family master’s order.”
Ji Yue hurriedly took the Family Master’s Order to the Great Ancestor to see!
The Great Ancestor just swept a glance and didn’t say anything before waving his hand, opening a light door behind him!
The light door opened and the crowd could enter the ancestral land, but that Ji Yue was full of doubts!
“Great Ancestor, aren’t we going to check these identities of ours? What if there are outsiders mixed in?”
Ji Yue asked to the Great Ancestor!
“There won’t be anyone mixing in, I’ve already probed, these people all possess the Ji family bloodline!”
The Great Ancestor said indifferently!
“Tai Ancestor, could you …… you be mistaken, do you want to check again?”
Ji Yue clearly saw that Ji Yun was mixed inside the group, but the Great Ancestor didn’t check it out!
“Are you questioning me?”
The Great Ancestor looked coldly at that Ji Yue!
With this one glance, Ji Yue was so scared that he fell to his knees and kowtowed repeatedly “Tai Zu rests his anger, I don’t dare to question Tai Zu ……”
“Great Ancestor, it is true that outsiders have been mixed inside this team.”
Ji Meizhen finished, stepped forward and pulled Ji Yun out from inside the team!
“Ji Meizhen, what are you doing?” Ji Meiling stepped forward and blocked it!
“Ji Meiling, you mixed outsiders inside the team to enter the ancestral land, this is breaking the rules of the Ji family, just wait for the punishment of the Great Ancestor.”
Ji Mei Zhen said with a cold smile on her face!
“Great Ancestor, this person is not a member of my Ji family, he is a pharmacist that Ji Cheng found, yet he wore my Ji family’s clothes to mix in, this is clearly not putting Great Ancestor in his eyes ah.”
Ji Yue hurriedly pointed at Ji Yun and said!
The Great Ancestor just glanced at Ji Yun and then said “No one can mix into the Ancestral Ground from before my eyes, this person possesses the Ji Family bloodline and is not an outsider ……”
“What?” Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen were all stunned!
“Tai Zu, how is it possible, he …………”
Ji Meizhen simply did not believe that Ji Yun would be a member of the Ji family!
“You don’t believe me?” Tai Zu glared at that Ji Meizhen, and Ji Meizhen instantly softened her knees and knelt on the ground!