“As the a*sa*sin of the Flying Star Sect, but to be beaten like this by five juniors from outside the realm, what a disgrace!”
Yao Qing looked at the Seven Deadly Monarchs with a faint smile!
“How do you know that?” The Seven Deadly Monarchs were baffled as to how Yao Qing knew that.
They were all fighting at sea, and there weren’t many people who knew about the matter of chasing Chen Ping!
“Of course I know, and I also know that you are trying to avenge your family’s young master, but even if you killed that Chen Ping, it would be impossible for you to avenge your family’s young master.”
Yao Qing said with a cold smile.
“Why?” Yao Qing frowned, but he quickly remembered what Chen Ping had said.
It said that Tong Youcai and Leng Yun had been killed by the Grand Elder of the Burning Heaven Sect, and now that Yao Qing had said so, it seemed that what Chen Ping had said was true!
“So our Eldest Master was really killed by your Burning Heaven Sect ……”
The Seven Deadly Monarch’s eyes narrowed slightly, and there was an indescribable chill in his eyes! 首发网址https://m.lqzw.org
“Not bad, that Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were both killed by our Grand Elder who absorbed their strength, but it’s too late for you to know that now ……”
With that, Yao Qing slapped his palm towards the Seven Deadly Monarchs!
The Seven Deadly Monarchs tried to dodge, but they couldn’t, and were directly killed by Yao Qing’s slap!
Looking at the corpse of the Seven Deadly Monarchs, Yao Qing smiled coldly, “Throw the corpse into the sea, this time the Flying Star Sect and that Chen Ping will definitely not die together!”
A cold intent radiated from Yao Qing’s body, then he turned and left!
…………
Above the fishing island, Chen Ping had returned!
“Chen Ping, is everything alright?”
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly went forward and asked.
“What can happen, I went with dozens of Martial God level demonic beasts and directly beat them to death!”
Chen Ping said with great pride.
Thinking about how he had just brought those demonic beasts and flaunted his might, Chen Ping felt a wave of relief in his heart!
“Hearing you say that, it’s really exciting, why don’t you pa*s on the method of controlling demonic beasts to me, I’ll try it too!”
Hu Ma Zi’s heart was excited, he also wanted to try controlling a demonic beast!
“Forget it, we have to leave to go back too!”
That Secret Realm Conference was about to be held, so Chen Ping had to rush back in order to do so, he didn’t have time to play with Hu Ma Zi here!
Seeing Chen Ping say this, Pocky Hu could only put away his curiosity.
After a short farewell, Chen Ping let Liu Xing and Liu Rui go back, while they also bid farewell to Qu Yunchang and prepared to return to Kyoto!
But just as Chen Ping was not far from the fishing island, he suddenly noticed a faint flicker of light above the sea!
“Master Hu, what do you see there?”
Chen Ping said as he pointed towards a place not far away.
“Where is there anything?”
Pocky Hu looked for half a day, but found nothing at all!
“Could it be that there is a flickering light there and you can’t see it?” Chen Ping was amazed as to why Pocky Hu could not see that light!
“There’s a glow there?” Pockmarked Hu was full of doubt, then asked to Long Xingxu, “Xingxu, do you see any light shining there?”
“No!” Long Xingxu shook his head!
“See, there’s no glowing place at all, you’re seeing things!”
Hu Ma Zi said.
But Chen Ping was sure that he had not looked at all, although the glow was very faint, but Chen Ping could see it clearly!
So Chen Ping went towards the place where the light was emitted, and even though it was close at hand, Hu Puzi and the others still didn’t notice the light!
This made Chen Ping feel very strange, could he be the only one who could see the light?
“Master Hu, you two wait for me here, I’ll go down and take a look ……”
Chen Ping intended to go down to the sea and see what exactly was glowing.
“I’ll go with you, I’ll see if there’s something or not, but I haven’t found anything at all!”
Hu Pazzi was going to follow Chen Ping down into the sea to see if there was something glowing or not!
Soon, Chen Ping followed Hu Pazzi and dove headfirst into the water!