“Brother Chen Ping, one of our members went out and was found killed in an alley, the murderer has not been caught yet!”
Long Xingxu said once again!
Chen Ping’s face became incomparably ugly, his eyebrows furrowed tightly!
“Wait for me ……”
Chen Ping threw away the cards in his hand, then rushed out of the room!
None of the group of girls dared to make a sound!
Because they could truly feel the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body!
“Sister Ruxue, should we go and take a look?”
Gu Ling’er asked to Ji Ruxue.
Amongst them, Ji Ruxue was the biggest, so they all listened to Ji Ruxue.
“No, it’s better for us not to cause trouble for Chen Ping.”
Ji Ru Xue knew that if they went, they would only add to Chen Ping’s mess!
Chen Ping rushed to the Dragon Sect without stopping, and when he entered the room, he saw the body of the slain member of the Dragon Sect laid out inside the room!
Chen Ping squatted down and carefully examined the member’s wounds, his face was gloomy!
“Brother Chen Ping, do you know who did it?”
Long Xingxu couldn’t figure out who could have done it to the Dragon Sect!
One must know that in Kyoto, the Dragon Sect was already considered the largest sect, even dominating the Kyoto Martial Arts Union!
Coupled with Chen Ping’s popularity, who would dare to follow Chen Ping against him?
But at this moment, Chen Ping already had a target in mind, it must have been that Kawaguchi Kazuo who had made the move!
However, in order not to cause unnecessary panic, Chen Ping did not say anything, but said to Long Xingxu, “Inform down that everyone from the Dragon Sect is not allowed to go out alone at night ……”
“Got it!” Long Xingxu nodded his head!
After giving the order, Chen Ping walked out of the Dragon Sect and aimlessly skulked around the street, thinking if he could run into that Kawaguchi Kazuo!
Chen Ping had no qualms about releasing his aura, he did it so that Kawaguchi Kazuo could feel it.
But after an hour, there was no sign of Kazuo Kawaguchi at all. Chen Ping thought that Kazuo Kawaguchi would not dare to stay in the city for long, after all, this was Kyoto, and Kazuo Kawaguchi was still being hunted!
In that case, Chen Ping walked towards the outskirts, his aura spreading for miles!
Soon, Chen Ping felt a powerful aura approaching, and this aura was that of Kawaguchi Kazuo, who was not hiding his aura, and was trying to tell Chen Ping that he was coming!
Seeing this, Chen Ping stopped moving and quietly waited for Kawaguchi Kazuo!
Soon, Kawaguchi Kazuo arrived in front of Chen Ping, seeing that Chen Ping was quietly waiting for him, Kawaguchi Kazuo coldly smiled and said, “Chen Ping, are you deliberately waiting for me?”
Chen Ping looked at the beggar-like Kawaguchi Kazuo and nodded, “I’m waiting to kill you ……”
“Kill me?” Kawaguchi Kazuo laughed, “You got away with it last time, you won’t be so lucky this time, you still want to kill me?”
“Did you bring helpers with you? If you were on your own, how would you dare to face me so easily.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo looked around, he wanted to see if Chen Ping had brought helpers!
“No need to look, just by myself, where would I need helpers to kill you ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Are you being too arrogant?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s aura began to slowly surge, the aura of a peak Grand Martial Marquis, instantly enveloping Chen Ping personally!
“Let’s go farther away to save affecting the others …………”
Here just outside the city, Chen Ping was afraid that the battle between them would affect the ordinary people.
“Hmph, my mission is to kill you, I don’t care about the rest ……”
After saying that, Kawaguchi Kazuo took a healthy step forward, followed by a fist that smashed into Chen Ping!
Kawaguchi Kazuo struck with ruthlessness and without hesitation.
Chen Ping felt a strong wind coming at him, and his body suddenly flashed with golden light, his Unbreakable Golden Body instantly activated and wrapped around his whole body!