“Hahaha, Pavilion Master Qian don’t let your younger siblings hear this, or else you’ll be in for it.”
Elder Sun laughed out loud!
“I was just joking, Elder Sun won’t sue, right?” That Pavilion Master Qian asked with a smile!
“That can’t be said, if you want to gag me, you’ll have to let some blood out ah.”
Elder Sun joked after that Pavilion Master Qian!
“Elder Sun, since we are already here, then I won’t bother you anymore, then where is the reception office of the Broad Cold Palace, I will go and enquire about it.”
Chen Ping saw that Elder Sun was chatting happily after that Pavilion Master Qian and did not want to waste time, so he asked Elder Sun!
“Elder Sun, who is this??”
Pavilion Master Qian sized up Chen Ping!
“Oh, this is Mr Chen, Elder Xia’s daughter’s illness was looked after by him.”
Elder Sun hurriedly introduced himself!
Elder Sun purposely said about Elder Xia’s daughter because this Pavilion Master Qian followed Elder Xia with a very good relationship!
The reason why Pavilion Master Qian was able to become a head of this South End City’s branch pavilion at such a young age was also because of Elder Xia’s recommendation!
Although the South End City was desolate at that time, it was also the head of a sub-cabinet, and for a young man, this was an unlimited opportunity!
Now that the appearance of the Guanghan Palace had made South End City prosperous, this Pavilion Master Qian’s position in the Wan Tong Pavilion had also risen, and now he could joke around with Elder Sun!
“What? Elder Xia’s daughter’s illness is cured?”
Pavilion Master Qian was somewhat shocked!
“En, it was Mr Chen who healed her, old Xia even gave Mr Chen a token.”
Elder Sun nodded and said!
Hearing Elder Sun’s words, that Pavilion Master Qian’s eyes became much more respectful as he looked at Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, my surname is Qian, the person in charge of the Wan Tong Pavilion branch here, if you have any matters here, feel free to look for me.”
Pavilion Master Qian said very politely!
“Thank you Pavilion Master Qian, I just want to go to the reception of the Guanghan Palace to enrol now, I wonder where that reception is?”
Chen Ping only wanted to quickly go to Guanghan Palace to get the Heavenly Demon Stone!
If he waited for his identity to be completely exposed, it would be even harder to be here!
Pavilion Master Qian told Chen Ping the location and wanted to bring Chen Ping there, but Chen Ping directly refused!
Chen Ping intended to find a hidden place and change his appearance, it was not convenient for Pavilion Master Qian to follow him!
After saying goodbye to Elder Sun and Pavilion Master Qian, Chen Ping found a hidden place and changed his appearance!
However, this time, Chen Ping did not turn into a bearded uncle.
After all, most of the cultivators who were travelling to Guanghan Palace were young people, and it would be too conspicuous for Chen Ping to turn into an uncle’s appearance!
Chen Ping just turned into a very ordinary young man and then walked towards the reception of the Guanghan Palace!
Before he even arrived at the reception, Chen Ping saw that there was already a queue of people in front of him!
The queue was hundreds of metres long and could not be seen at a glance!
Chen Ping looked at such a long queue, his brows instantly frowned, he didn’t expect so many people to want to go to Guanghan Palace!
If this is a queue, when will we have to wait?
Just when Chen Ping was in some difficulty, a cultivator with a goatee and a pair of small eyes narrowed together walked towards Chen Ping!
“This fellow Taoist, is it true that you want to sign up to go to Guanghan Palace to find a Taoist couple?”
That goatee walked up to Chen Ping and asked in a small voice!
Chen Ping nodded, although he was not looking for a daoist couple, he could not tell this guy that he was here to get the Heavenly Demon Stone!
“You go to Guanghan Palace, if you sign up at this reception, you won’t be able to get in line even if you monkey around.”
“But you only need to pay 100,000 spirit coins, I can take you to Guanghan Palace, I know the way to Guanghan Palace, and it’s absolutely safe. ”
“But I can only send you to the outer gate of the Broad Cold Palace, if you want to figure out how to get in, you can figure it out yourself.”
“If you want to enter the outer gate, I can also take you, but it will take one million spirit coins to do so.”
That goatee said to Chen Ping!