“So what am I supposed to do? I’ve already killed this rotting corpse, and you still can’t escape?”
Chen Ping asked!
“You put my skull on the divine altar so that it will be destroyed and my soul will be saved.”
The Yin Devil said!
Chen Ping nodded and leapt up, landing firmly on top of the divine altar, only to see a crystal clear skeleton laying in the centre of the divine altar, but this skeleton was missing its head!
Chen Ping took the skull out of his storage ring and slowly placed it on top of the divine altar!
Just as Chen Ping placed the skull on top, the altar suddenly emitted a dazzling light, and soon the skeleton slowly disappeared in the light!
And the figure of the demon slowly became more solid, although it was still a spirit, it looked like a real person!
“Hahahaha, hahahaha …………”
“The old man is finally free, finally free, when I find out who framed my demon clan and who suppressed us, I will send him to the eighteenth level of hell and never be allowed to live again ……”
The Yin devil laughed madly!
Chen Ping looked at the Yin devil and was about to ask about his origins, to ask the Yin devil if he knew who his father was, when he realized that the altar beneath his feet was shaking violently and was about to collapse!
“This divine altar is about to collapse, hurry up and take your friend out of here, the undead underneath it are about to break free ……”
“I’m going back to the Celestial Realm to reshape my flesh, if it’s fate, I’ll see you in the Celestial Realm ……”
After Yin devil finished speaking, he grabbed his hands in the void, a crack in space-time surprisingly appeared, and immediately afterwards Yin devil’s figure disappeared into the crack in space-time!
“sh*t, I saved you and just left like that?”
“Not even a thank you?”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but burst out a foul mouth.
But immediately afterwards, the divine altar began to crumble, and a wretched scream began to emanate from beneath it, and it was getting closer and closer!
Seeing this, Chen Ping leapt straight down and quickly ran towards the exit of the valley!
By the time Chen Ping ran to the gate, Yue Buqun and the others had long since regained consciousness, as they were still anxious because they couldn’t find Chen Ping!
Seeing Chen Ping running out from the depths of the valley, Yue Buqun rushed to meet him “Mr. Chen, are you alright? What just happened?”
“I don’t have time to explain right now, let’s get out of here, quickly ……”
Chen Ping said anxiously!
At this time, a gust of gloomy wind blew by, and the sound of ghosts and wolves howling continuously came out from within the valley, startling Yue Buqun and the others!
Chen Ping began to scramble towards the door, with Yue Buqun and the others close behind!
And behind them, there were countless undead!
These undead were of different shapes and strengths, desperately chasing after Chen Ping and the others!
And at this moment, above the abyss, the Leng Wu Dao crowd was still on guard!
“Brother Leng, for such a long time, there is no movement within this abyss, so I guess that Chen Ping and the others will not enter it!”
“Besides, I’ve scouted the abyss, the Yin and Fury Qi is too heavy, even if we are strong enough to stay inside for a long time, we are afraid that we will be disturbed by the Yin and Fury Qi, not to mention Chen Ping and the others!”
“I think we shouldn’t waste time here yet, go look for it somewhere else ……”
Tong Ocean said to Leng Wu Dao.
Leng Wu Dao nodded, he felt that there couldn’t be anyone within this abyss either, who would enter here and follow hell in general.
“Alright, we won’t wait, let’s prepare to withdraw ……”
After Leng Wu Dao finished speaking, he intended to leave.
But just at this time, a gust of yin wind whistling sound suddenly came out from within the abyss, followed by the sight of those yin and fury qi that originally only floated within the abyss, actually started to spurt out from the abyss!