If Chen Ping was really a reformed prisoner who had just been released, the owners of the community would definitely be uncomfortable when they found out, and then they, the security guards, would be out of luck.
“Chen Ping, why don’t you quickly take your blind mother and your street sweeper father and get lost, do you really want the security guards to do something before you leave?”
Fu Wei looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile on his face and said.
“What did you say?”
When Chen Ping heard Fu Wei say his parents, his fists couldn’t help but clench together in a deadly grip.
“What, you still want to hit me?” Fu Wei was not afraid in the slightest and could not help but laugh as he walked up to Chen Ping: “I know you learned a couple of tricks inside the prison, but do you know what kind of place this is? Do you dare to make a move? Believe me or not, I’ll send you in!”
Fu Wei had an arrogant look on his face and gave Chen Ping a fierce push!
“Chen Ping, let’s go, let’s go …………”
Tang Hongying pulled Chen Ping’s arm and said with a supplicating voice.
She was afraid that Chen Ping was causing trouble, knowing that Chen Ping had just been released today, all with a criminal record, if she was sent in again for fighting, Tang Hongying would really not have the courage to live!
And Chen Baoguo at this time angry face are blue, glared at Chen Ping said: “still do not take the things and go back, shame ……”
Chen Baoguo began to pack his things, ready to walk back on his back, he really can’t afford to lose this person!
“Hahaha, hurry up and get lost, in let me see you, that slap of revenge, I will definitely revenge!”
Fu Wei scolded viciously at Chen Ping.
“Alright, hurry up and get in the car, it’s all degrading to talk to such a person!”
Geng Shanshan called out to Fu Wei, then the three of them got into the car and drove straight into the Pan Long Bay villa area!
“Mom, wait a little longer, this villa is really a loan from a friend!”
Chen Ping persuaded Tang Hongying to take her time!
“What’s the point of waiting? Waiting to be embarra*sed and beaten out later?”
Chen Baoguo yelled at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping opened his mouth to retort, wanting to follow his father into a fight, but looking at his father’s head full of white hair, Chen Ping swallowed back his words as they reached his mouth.
At that moment, the security chief with the key hurriedly came back, and when he saw Chen Ping, he said with a flattering face, “Mr. Chen, I’m really sorry, we made a mistake, D*mn it, we’ll send you up now!
After saying that, the security chief yelled at the few security guards with batons, “Don’t put the batons away yet, go drive the car and send Mr. Chen’s family in!”
“Oh!” Several security guards nodded in a panic, then drove a car, loaded the stuff onto it, and sent Chen Ping’s family into Pan Long Bay!
In the car, Chen Baoguo’s face changed and changed, he wanted to talk to Chen Ping, but he didn’t know what to say!
“Chen Ping, I didn’t expect it to be true, what kind of friend do you have, to lend you such a villa?”
Tang Hongying was sitting in the car, smelling the flowers in the villa area of Pan Long Bay, she couldn’t say how excited she was!
“Mom, I’ll let you meet this friend of mine when I have the chance!”
Chen Ping knew that Tang Hongying was curious, so he planned to find a chance for Su Yuqi to meet his parents.
In front of a villa halfway up the hill in Pan Long Bay, Geng Shanshan’s car pulled up and all three of them stepped out of the car!
“Shanshan, you’re so happy, this villa is so luxurious, and this view, if I had a house like this, I’d be willing to live ten years less!”
Jiang Wenjing looked at the villa in front of her, her eyes full of envy.
“The most expensive villa is the one at the top of the building, and I don’t know who bought it.”
Geng Shanshan said, looking out in the direction of the top of the hill!