Dozens of breaths converged together, causing the entire palace to roar and actually begin to tremble, as if it was going to be unable to withstand such a powerful force.
Chen Ping’s body was lit up with golden light, his Incorruptible Golden Body was exerted to its utmost, and the power of the divine Dragon spread out all over his body.
“Xiao Ru, take Brother Dong and leave while you have the chance, it’s useless for you to stay ……”
Chen Ping said softly to Xiao Ru.
“Brother Chen Ping, I’m not leaving, I want to fight with you to the end ……”
Xiao Ru shook her head as her eyes filled with tears.
“Brother Chen Ping, it’s worth it to die with you, I’m not leaving either ……”
Dong Jiahao also shook his head.
“You two stay here, you will only distract me, who said I will definitely die, you escape, I have no hang-ups, I will have a chance to escape ……”
Chen Ping said in a deep voice to the two.
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Dong Jiahao and Xiao Ru both fell into deep thought, perhaps what Chen Ping said was true.
If they stayed, they would just be a burden ……
Seeing that the two of them did not say anything, Chen Ping continued, “Brother Dong, after we go out, Xiao Ru will be left to you, send her to the Pill God Valley.”
“Brother Chen Ping, don’t worry, as long as we can get out, sister Xiao Ru will be left to me ……”
Dong Jiahao nodded vigorously.
But Xiao Ru’s face was full of reluctance, she didn’t want to go, she didn’t want Chen Ping to be left alone to fight.
“Xiao Ru, Uncle Long and your sister Ling’er are in Pill God Valley, when you see her, don’t say anything, let alone mention my current situation, so that they don’t worry ……”
Chen Ping barked at Xiao Ru.
Xiao Ru bit her lips and nodded vigorously, and it was then that Chen Ping completely relaxed.
A pair of scarlet eyes swept towards the crowd, huge spiritual energy rising up against the intimidating pressure of these people!
“Remember, all of you who make a move today will eventually make you pay as long as I live ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were sharp and cold!
Looking at Chen Ping’s eyes made all of them shiver with fear!
“Hmph, Chen Ping, stop talking big, so many of us are dealing with you, if we let you still live, won’t our Kyoto martial arts community become a joke?”
Zhu Zhishan coldly snorted.
“Then let’s do it ……”
Chen Ping’s body shook, surprisingly pre-empting the attack, the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly appeared in his hand, a terrifying sword Qi heading towards Zhu Zhishan.
The principle of capturing the thief before the king was still understood by Chen Ping.
Moreover, Chen Ping made the first move in order to create an opportunity for Xiao Ru and Dong Jiahao to escape!
Faced with Chen Ping’s terrifying sword Qi, Zhu Zhishan dared not be careless and hurriedly pushed his Qi, a black light enveloping his entire body.
At this moment, the black orb on Zhu Zhishan’s body began to emit a piercing light!
Boom ……
The sword qi struck Zhu Zhishan’s body, instantly knocking him back several steps and dimming the black light on his body.
At this moment, Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Chopping Sword, his eyes were scarlet and his breath surged, just like a heavenly god!
“Brother Dong, take Xiao Ru and go ……”
Chen Ping said to Dong Jiahao.
After hearing this, Dong Jiahao stepped forward and pulled Xiao Ru by the hand and rushed towards the outside of the palace.
“Stop them ……”
Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan hurriedly shouted.
He couldn’t let Dong Jiahao and Xiao Ru escape, and what happened here, he couldn’t let the people outside know about it either.
Hearing Zhu Zhishan’s order, instantly the two sons of the family leapt up and grabbed towards Dong Jiahao and Xiao Ru.
“Seeking death ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes stared, followed by a flash of light from the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and a sharp sword aura came out of his hand!
Swish ……
One could only see a flash of light, followed by a thick aura of blood filling the air.
The two sons of the family were actually cut off by Chen Ping’s sword, blood mixed with internal organs were scattered all over the ground, the scene was very bloody and horrible!