If Su Yuqi had not followed herself, she might not have been captured by the people of the Martial Alliance.
“Then can I come with you? Otherwise I’m always worried!”
Gu Ling’er wanted to follow Chen Ping.
“No, it will be dangerous for you to follow me, I don’t have the energy to protect you.”
“You need to make good use of your own time to cultivate, when your strength increases and you are strong enough, then maybe I will need you to protect me.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“En, Elder Xu will make many pills for me to cultivate now, I will work hard.”
Gu Ling’er nodded heavily.
Chen Ping opened his storage ring at this time and took out the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map from inside.
“This is for you, it can help you cultivate, you should know how to use it!”
Chen Ping handed the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map to Gu Ling’er.
“Keep this, don’t you need to cultivate as well?”
Gu Ling’er knew that Chen Ping needed this more than himself.
“Take it, I have other magic tools for cultivation now!” Chen Ping said with a smile.
With the Demon Subduing Tower around, Chen Ping could not use the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map for cultivation for the time being, so it was just right to give it to Gu Ling’er for cultivation.
Gu Ling’er did not push back and accepted the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map.
Just at that moment, Long Wu walked in with a happy face.
“Chen Ping, it’s a promise, Ding Da Da has promised to let you go to the Valley of the Evil ……”
Long Wu did not expect that Ding Da would agree so quickly.
Chen Ping smiled faintly, “Thank you Uncle Long.”
“You’re not polite to me, but I didn’t expect Ding Da to agree so quickly!”
Long Wu said excitedly.
After chatting for a few moments, Long Wu took Gu Ling’er and left, telling Chen Ping to get some rest and leave for the Valley of Evil tomorrow.
And at that moment, in a wooded area.
There were charred trees everywhere, and smoke filled the air!
There were several corpses lying on the ground, while Luo Xiang, covered in blood, was leaning on a tree, panting heavily.
On Ning Zhi’s side, it wasn’t much better, with several dead and the rest carrying wounds.
Ning Zhi’s chest was even bloodier!
Ning Zhi didn’t expect that this fellow Luo Xiang would be so vindictive and fight him straight away!
“Ning Zhi, if you have the guts to kill me today, if you let me go back alive, I will definitely destroy your Ning family!”
Although Luo Xiang was already seriously injured, his eyes were wide open and his body was filled with pride.
“Humph, still tough-mouthed at the end of your life!”
Ning Zhi snorted coldly, “Since you want to die, I will fulfill you.”
With that, Ning Zhi took his sword and walked towards Luo Xiang.
Luo Xiang no longer had the strength to dodge, and his eyes stared deadly at Ning Zhi: “If you kill me, the Luo family will definitely avenge me.”
“Good, of course I know that the Luo family will take revenge for you, but it won’t be for me, it will be for that Chen Ping.”
“When I kill you, I will plant the blame directly on Chen Ping’s head.”
“When the time comes, if your Luo family wants to look for it, they will also look for Chen Ping!”
Ning Zhi had a fierce smile on his face, it seemed that he had thought of this long ago.
Luo Xiang froze, he did not expect this fellow Ning Zhi to have a malicious mind.
If the Luo family really took revenge for themselves and went after Chen Ping, no matter who won or lost at that time, for Ning Zhi, he would be sitting on a fishing expedition.
“You despicable villain, I won’t let you go even if I’m a ghost ……”
Luo Xiang gritted his teeth and said.
But just as the words were finished, the long sword in Ning Zhi’s hand had already pierced his heart.
In the end, Luo Xiang had no more life left in him, his eyes were still round and dead ……
“Collect the corpses of these people from the Luo family… ……”
After killing Luo Xiang, Ning Zhi said to the only three remaining Ning Family underlings.
These men were all seriously injured again as well, but they still did as they were told by Ning Zhi.
But just as these three men stepped forward to prepare to collect those Luo family members.