When dealing with him, Chen Ping simply couldn’t use use the Nine Shadows Sword Technique yet!
And not far away, the Ning family members had also arrived, and looking at the six identical Chen Ping, Ning Caixin was also baffled!
Ning Zhi, on the other hand, had his eyes slightly glazed over as his face became grave!
He saw out that Chen Ping had become so strong after stepping into the Celestial Realm from the Secular Realm!
It was simply a perverted growth!
In the eyes of the crowd, the thousands of sword awns, directly stabbed towards Qi Peijia, who did not dodge or flash, and even the expression on his face did not change!
When those ten thousand sword awns pierced into Qi Peijia’s body, Qi Peijia surprisingly stood motionless, and nothing happened at all either!
It was as if those ten thousand sword awns were swallowed by that Black Demon Armour, and fell directly into the bottomless abyss as it were!
There wasn’t the slightest reaction, and there wasn’t even the slightest damage to the Qi Pei Armour!
“I rely on, this Qi Pei armour is too bullish ……”
“How is it, how long has it been, this Qi Peijia has become so powerful.”
“What kind of precious armour is he wearing? I’ve never heard of it before.”
The many devil cultivators were shocked!
After all, in the past, Qi Peijia was a loose cultivator and his strength wasn’t high, so no one looked up to him, but Qi Peijia, who had disappeared for a period of time, reappeared and even possessed this kind of perverted strength!
How could the many devil cultivators not be shocked, that Liu Xueyi was even so shocked that he couldn’t even close his mouth!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also frowned, his eyes filled with surprise!
“Bad, Mr Chen is going to be in danger ……”
Seeing this, Ning Caichen couldn’t help but clench his hands into fists, worrying for Chen Ping!
“Kid, you’re not bad with this diversion technique, at first I thought it was an illusion, I didn’t realise that I had underestimated you.”
“A small cultivator of the first rank of the Transition Realm, possessing a diversion technique, a spatial technique, it seems that you still have quite a lot of good things on you.”
“If you obediently all hand over your things and pass the spells to me, I can consider letting you die a good death!”
Qi Peijia said with disdain!
“I’ll hand over your mother ……”
Chen Ping cursed and turned to run!
Six identical Chen Ping, but escaping from different directions, the scene Chen Ping was trying to give up a few doppelgangers to buy himself time to escape!
Seeing six identical Chen Ping, fleeing in different directions, Qi Peijia surprisingly did not rush to catch up, with a few disdain on his face!
Only to see Qi Peijia’s palm gently flicked over his forehead, an eye slowly appeared on his forehead, accompanied by the opening of the eye on his forehead!
The entire heaven and earth unexpectedly became grey and colourless in this eye!
As for the fleeing Chen Ping, he suddenly felt the heavens and earth change colour, followed by a feeling of being locked in place!
“Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Mr Chen, dealing with opening the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, your doppelganger is useless!”
Seeing this, Ochre Yan hurriedly reminded!
Chen Ping looked back, and indeed found that Qi Peijia was coming towards him, and those several doppelgangers, under the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, directly disappeared into thin air, with only Chen Ping’s main body remaining!
Seeing this, Chen Ping simply did not run, he knew that he could not run away!
Qi Peijia walked over unhurriedly, the eyes on his forehead having disappeared!
“Why aren’t you running?”
Qi Peijia said with a cold smile!
“Not running, can’t run away from you even if I run, your Heavenly Underworld Eyes are too powerful ……”
Chen Ping sighed and said!
“I didn’t realise that you knew about the Heavenly Underworld Eyes as well, it seems that you still have some eyesight.”
“Since you’re not running, then obediently do as I say, and I’ll guarantee that I’ll let you die comfortably, without the slightest bit of pain.”
“Otherwise, I will draw out your life soul and torture you …… properly.”
Qi Peijia threatened Chen Ping!
The many demonic cultivators also followed and ran over, that Liu Xueyi saw Chen Ping giving up on escaping and said happily “Kid, aren’t you bullish? How are you honest now, you still obediently follow what Eunuch Qi said to do, or else there will be a good time for you.”