Within the black mist, countless flying swords were also manifested!
Along with Mu Qing’s finger, the black mist wrapped the countless flying swords and enveloped them towards Chen Ping!
This time, the giant net that descended from the sky was even more powerful than the move just now!
Above the countless flying swords, light flashed!
The entire black net enveloped Chen Ping, leaving Chen Ping with no place to hide!
Apart from hiding, Chen Ping had no way to escape!
However, in the blink of an eye, Chen Ping was wrapped up in the black net!
In the instant the black net wrapped around him, Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body activated, the sky was filled with flashes of golden light, and golden scales covered Chen Ping’s entire body!
Clanking …………
The black net enveloped Chen Ping, followed by a sound of metal clashing!
However, no one could see what was going on within the black net!
“Mr Chen ……”
“Master ……”
Seeing this scene, the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and the Fire Phoenix and the others were all ready to come to Chen Ping’s rescue!
As for that Chief Liu, seeing this, he was also ready at any time with the Mu Family crowd!
As long as the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace and the others dared to make a move, they would not hesitate to do so as well!
At that time, a great battle, a vicious battle could not be avoided!
Within the black net, a deafening sound was emanating!
Before the Palace Gate of Guanghan Palace, it was even more of a mess, and by the scattered aftershocks, the mountains and rocks were shattered!
Mu Qing laughed coldly, looking at everything in front of him, his eyes full of disdain: “To be able to die under this divine net of mine, it is also considered your destiny!”
In his opinion, Chen Ping should have died for sure!
“Make your move ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was unable to escape from that black net after a long time, the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace ordered the crowd to make a move to rescue him!
“It’s just a broken net, you still want to hurt me!”
Just as the crowd was about to make their move, suddenly Chen Ping’s voice came out from within that black net!
Immediately after that, a golden light broke through that black mist, and the golden light shot up into the sky!
Chen Ping’s figure slowly emerged from within that black net. . appeared.
Chen Ping’s entire body was emitting golden light, and in Chen Ping’s surroundings, it seemed to be able to vaguely see that there was a bell shrouded over Chen Ping’s body!
“This ……”
Mu Qing frowned, looking very surprised!
When the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and the others saw this, they were all ecstatic.
“I just don’t believe it!”
Mu Qing’s palms came out in unison, and the flying swords in the black net flew towards Chen Ping like meteors!
Clang clang clang …………
The flying swords struck all around Chen Ping, but they were all unexpectedly blocked by the bell that shimmered with golden light!
Mu Qing’s attack did not hurt Chen Ping in the slightest!
Instead, it was Chen Ping who violently pressed his palm downwards!
“Running Thunder Palm ……”
A huge palm appeared, and in the palm, electricity flashed and thunder roared!
The Running Thunder Palm coupled with the Lightning Origin was immensely powerful!
Seeing this, Mu Qing waved his hands and used the black net to meet it, wanting to block Chen Ping’s palm!
However, the Running Thunder Palm descended from the sky and instantly shattered the black net!
“Awesome, Mr Chen is awesome!”
“What kind of palm is this? The Rulai Divine Palm?”
“It’s awesome, under this palm, that Mu Qing is no better than a mole cricket!”
The crowd cheered, although they had all been favoured by Chen Ping, not many of them had actually seen it at full power!
Many had not seen Chen Ping perform such a terrifying tactic!
Mu Qing’s expression became grave for the first time, facing that Running Thunder Palm, he had a sense of pressure and threat!
The black mist on Mu Qing’s body once again filled his body, and he violently waved his hand out, the endless black mist condensing into a huge fist that blasted towards Chen Ping’s Running Thunder Palm!
This time, it was a collision of two people’s power!
Boom!
The fist followed by the palm print ruthlessly collided together!
After the loud noise, turbulence flew across the air, and a pitch-black crack briefly appeared in the void!
The surrounding crowd dodged backwards to avoid being injured by the terrifying aftershocks!
When the aftermath dissipated, Chen Ping followed Mu Qing and once again looked at each other!
This move was once again indistinguishable!