“It’s better to be careful, all of you enter the cabin and don’t come out easily!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his entire body leapt up!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping waved his hand, and a huge palm instantly appeared in the void, and then it suppressed towards the roiling poisonous insects!
Just as Chen Ping’s huge palm suppressed it, the light golden coloured poisonous insect suddenly quickly stirred its wings and let out an ear-piercing sound!
Seeing this, the other poisonous insects followed suit, and the ear-piercing sound grew louder and louder!
And the flapping of their wings created a huge force, surprisingly resisting that palm of Chen Ping’s!
“These guys, they even have this kind of consciousness, it seems that this poisonous insect is not simple!”
Chen Ping said with some surprise!
And at this moment, Mu Qiufeng, who was hundreds of miles away, instantly sensed that the poisonous insects had been released!
“It seems like those guys have already approached the island and the poisonous insects were released!”
Mu Qiufeng said with a frown!
“So fast?”The hunchbacked old man was a bit surprised!
“But fortunately, they’ve been discovered, and trying to sneak up on our base camp is simply impossible.”
“Now that the defence spell formation is on and the poisonous insects have been released, it will definitely be able to hold them back for a while.”
“Inform down, speed up and rush back as soon as possible!”
Mu Qiufeng ordered loudly, making the spirit boat drive to its fastest speed!
He, on the other hand, pinched his fingers and then flicked his fingers, and a ray of golden light instantly disappeared into the void!
Immediately after, the light on that golden poisonous insect directly became dazzling!
“You killed my elders, and now you want to sneak attack my base camp, simply outrageous!”
The poisonous insect unexpectedly opened its mouth, but what came out was Mu Qiufeng’s voice!
“I didn’t expect you to know so quickly, it seems like you’re not very stupid.”
“Now that you want to rely on these poisonous insects, and that defence spell formation to stop us, you don’t have to waste your efforts.”
“You forgot what we do, we have formation masters here, as well as medicine masters.”
“Whether it’s poisonous insects, or defensive formations, how could they possibly stop us!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
“Kid, no matter what your status is, but looking at your strategy and strength, it’s not bad, if you’re willing to cooperate with our Zhentian Dharma Sect, I can share half of all the resources here with you!”
Mu Qiufeng only wanted to stabilise Chen Ping right now, because he also knew that relying on poisonous insects and formations alone, he really couldn’t stop Chen Ping and the others!
The only way to do that was to stabilise Chen Ping and the others first, and then wait for them to come back!
How could Chen Ping not know what that Mu Qiufeng was attempting to do, so he smiled coldly and said, “If I destroy you now, all your resources are mine, so why would I need to share half of them?”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he fiercely slapped out his palm, which carried an endless amount of Supreme Fire in it!
These poisonous insects were most afraid of things like Supreme Flame!
Mu Qiufeng didn’t have the time to say anything as those poisonous insects were instantly wrapped up in the fire!
Now, those poisonous insects were all in chaos, desperately fleeing around, but it was useless!
If they were covered in the Supreme Flame, they simply couldn’t be extinguished!
Hundreds of poisonous insects fell into the sea!
The golden coloured poisonous insects flapped their wings, desperately trying to escape, but they simply couldn’t escape!
In the end, under the watchful eyes of the crowd, that golden poisonous insect also fell into the sea!
“This is abominable, speed up, speed up ……”
Mu Qiufeng hissed!
These poisonous insects could be treasures, and for the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, taming these poisonous insects had taken a lot of effort!
Originally, these poisonous insects were all living on this island all year round, and it took Mu Qiufeng hundreds of years to tame them!
Now they were all burnt to death by Chen Ping directly using the Supreme Fire!
Especially that golden poisonous insect, Mu Qiufeng had spent a lot of resources to cultivate it into such a king of poisonous insects!
Moreover, he had fed it with his own blood and had established a connection with his own divine soul!
But now, it was also directly finished!