“We are friends of Family Master Sheng and have come to pay a special visit, not to cause trouble.”
Chen Ping said calmly!
“A friend of our family head?”
The second elder sized up Chen Ping, then the corner of his mouth lifted in a sneer “How could our family head have a friend like you, are you guys trying to get into our Sheng family, purposely trying to get close to each other, wanting to get some talismans ah?”
“I’ve seen a lot of people like you guys, no matter who’s friend you are, if you want to get formation talismans, you have to spend spirit coins to buy them.”
“I really am a friend of the Sheng Family Master, if you don’t believe me, you can just ask the Sheng Family Master.” Chen Ping said with a frown!
“Our family head is closed, there’s no way to ask.” The second elder rolled his eyes!
“Then you can ask Sheng Jiaoyue, Sheng Jiahui siblings, they know me as well.”
Chen Ping said!
“I’m not asking anyone, you guys get out of here right now or don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
The second elder waved his hand and a dozen cultivators surrounded Chen Ping and Ji Yun!
Chen Ping frowned as his face turned grim and terrifying!
He had only come to visit the Sheng family, but he did not want the Sheng family to be unreasonable at all!
Moreover, Chen Ping had a vague feeling that something seemed to have happened to the Sheng family!
What exactly had happened, Chen Ping could not say!
“I won’t leave until I see the Sheng family master today ……”
Chen Ping said coldly!
“Good, since you won’t leave, then I will drive you away ……”
The second elder signalled with his eyes, and a dozen cultivators struck out towards Chen Ping and Ji Yun!
These cultivators had Transition Realm 1st and 2nd grade, as well as Harmonisation Realm, it was evident that the overall strength of the Sheng Family was still on the weak side!
“I didn’t want to make a move, but since you guys are forcing me, then don’t blame me ……”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body instantly exploded!
It was just the blink of an eye, no one could see how Chen Ping moved, and a dozen or so cultivators of the Sheng Family all flew out backwards!
These cultivators of the first or second grade of the Ferrying Realm had long since failed to enter Chen Ping’s eyes!
Not to mention those Harmonisation realm cultivators, they simply could not reach Chen Ping before being blown away by Chen Ping’s erupting breath!
Seeing the sight in front of him, the Second Elder’s complexion was suddenly shocked, then he angrily shouted “Good boy, coming to our Sheng Family to pretend to be a pig and eat a tiger, do you think that our Sheng Family is that easy to bully?”
“Set up a formation, today these two people, one of them won’t want to leave ……”
The Sheng Family was a family of arts and talismans, so they were still the most proficient in setting up formations!
However, just as the second elder’s words had just fallen, a sudden terrifying aura struck, causing the second elder’s body to retreat, while those other cultivators, all of them directly slumped to the ground!
“Is this how your Sheng Family treats its guests? Your family head has personally invited us, now are you avoiding us?”
Bai Shao slowly walked in from outside!
The aura of the seventh rank of the Transition Realm on Bai Shao’s body caused that second elder’s expression to become unsightly!
If at the beginning, he simply couldn’t look down on Chen Ping and Ji Yun’s strength, but now that Bai Shallow had revealed himself, the second elder didn’t dare to be contemptuous!
“You are the Fox Royal Daughter of the Three Emperors and Four Kings, aren’t you? Disrespectful ……”
The second elder recognised Bai Shallow and rushed forward to get close!
Bai Shallow coldly looked at that second elder twice, coldly snorted and said “Let your family head come out, I don’t have time to ink with you.”
“Fox Emperor Lady, our family head is really closed ……”
The second elder was very difficult!
“What about his two children?” Bai Shao asked!
“This …………”
The second elder opened his mouth, not knowing how to answer!
“Second Elder, since the other party is an old friend of Big Brother, then invite them in ah, and then let Jia Hui come out, after all, people have come all this way.”
At this time, a middle-aged man wearing an orchid shirt walked over and said!