“It’s not bad indeed, just a little more gentle character would be nice, don’t just hit people at every turn!”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
“You …………”
Liu Ruyan was so angry that she waved her hand and was about to strike at Chen Ping again!
“See, hitting someone at the drop of a hat, where’s the woman in that ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly hid behind the Third Elder!
The Third Elder looked at Chen Ping and Liu Ruyan’s flirtatious look and a playful smile appeared on his face!
“Mr. Chen, why don’t you go out first, I have something to say to Missy!”
The Third Elder said to Chen Ping!
“Alright then, I’ll wait for you outside ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked straight out!
After Chen Ping walked out, Liu Ruyan asked, “Third Elder, what do you want?”
“Eldest Miss, I wonder what you think of Chen Ping?”
The Third Elder asked!
Liu Ruyan didn’t know why the Third Elder asked, but still answered truthfully “This guy looks unreliable, but from him, one always feels a sense of security, I don’t know why!”
“Eldest Miss, this Chen Ping is no ordinary person, with his strength at the Realm of Transformation, he directly killed Kuang Soaring, even the ultimate demonic beast within the Eight Qian Desolate Ruler was defeated by Chen Ping!”
“Furthermore, this person has many supreme treasures on his body, and even has the Divine Nong Cauldron that our pill refining community has been longing for!”
“Although I don’t know this Chen Ping’s true identity yet, but with his boldness and strength, he will never be an ordinary person, maybe he’s the grandson of any family!”
The Third Elder kept praising Chen Ping!
“Third Elder, what exactly do you want to say to me when you say so much?”
Liu Ruyan asked in disbelief!
“Eldest Miss, with your current strength and mine, I’m afraid that it will be very difficult to take back the Jade Tripod Sect from that Hu Yixiao, besides, this time that Hu Yixiao should have followed the Ming Li King City to reach a cooperation!”
“So if we want to take back the Jade Tripod Sect, we need helpers to do so, and this Chen Ping is the best helper!”
The Third Elder said!
“Then let him help, what’s wrong? Hasn’t this guy always helped you too?”
Liu Ruyan knew that Chen Ping often helped the Third Elder!
“Eldest Miss doesn’t know, this Chen Ping is in the Jade Tripod Sect because he is waiting for the Pill Pond to open, and when it opens, he might leave after dipping into the Pill Pond!”
“So in order to get Chen Ping to die and help us, we must …… must …………”
The Third Elder stammered, acting very embarrassed!
“Must what? Third Elder just say what you have to say.”
Liu Ruyan urged anxiously!
“It must be done only if Eldest Miss follows that Chen Ping and forms a daoist couple, then when the two of you have the reality of being husband and wife, can that Chen Ping still not help you?”
The Third Elder gritted his teeth and spelled out his plan!
When Liu Ruyan heard this, her face immediately turned red and she hurriedly shook her head, “How can this work, I am not that kind of person ……”
“Eldest Miss, don’t you want to take back the Jade Tripod Sect from Hu Yixiao?”
“Are you just going to stand by and watch the hard work of the old patriarchs go down the drain?”
“After your father took over the Jade Tripod Sect, he has been hanging pots to help the world and has built a resounding reputation for the Jade Tripod Sect, but now that reputation has been destroyed at the hands of Hu Yixiao.”
“Are you just going to watch the old Patriarch underground, without peace?”
The Third Elder brought out Liu Ruyan’s father, the Third Elder knew that as long as he had Chen Ping firmly in his grasp, the Jade Tripod Sect would be in the palm of his hand!
“This …………” Liu Ruyan hesitated, biting her lips tightly, and after a moment’s hesitation, she said, “Even if I wanted to, then Chen Ping might not be happy about it. not like it, after all, his woman is much more beautiful than me!”
“Miss, even if that Chen Ping’s woman is beautiful, she is no longer with him now, as the saying goes, distant water cannot quench a near thirst, I am a man, so I know men best.”
“As long as Missy takes a little initiative, Chen Ping will definitely not be able to bear it and will fall under Missy’s skirt.”
The Third Elder turned to Liu Ruyan and said with relief!