“Zhao Chuan?” Seeing the visitor, Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai all shouted out.
“You’ve come to join the fun even with that ability of yours? Be careful that the beasts on the island will eat you up!” Cheng Kun said half-jokingly.
“I’m afraid your life will be lost if you don’t reach Dragon Lock Island!” Xuan Yuan Kai also laughed and said.
“You two are too much, how can you curse me like this? Although my cultivation level is lower than yours, but I have more women than you guys!”
Zhao Beng did not get angry, but argued with a smug look on his face.
“Come on, that’s all you’ve got, showing off with us now, are you ashamed?”
Cheng Kun glanced at that Zhao Barging and said.
“Hey, brother Kun, I don’t want to be like you, I don’t want to kill people at every turn.
Zhao Barging said with a heated smile.
“Have you kid had enough of women? Want to come and die?”
Xuan Yuan Kai swept a disdainful glance at Zhao Barging.
“Brother Kai, what are you talking about, there is no time when women have had enough, I just came here to find excitement, not to compete with you guys, when we get to the island, I still need you guys to protect me a bit ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing.
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the market.
“All right, when the time comes, you follow behind me, don’t run around ……”
As the saying goes, the hand does not smile, this Zhao Beng as the young master of the Shadowless Villa, put the posture so low, and also a mouthful of brother called, can’t not give face.
The three of them walked towards the cabin hall, while the others started to queue up again to check their tickets and board the ship!
At this moment, in a room at the highest point on the fifth floor of the cabin, a young man dressed in a Zhongshan suit, with a slatted inch and a face as tough as a knife, was looking down at everything on the bow of the ship.
This man was Long Xingxu of the Long Family, and he was already at the realm of Martial Sect at a young age. Although Long Xingxu was only considered a side member of the Long Family, there were really not many people who could reach the realm of Martial Sect at this age.
In another break of time, he would be able to get the opportunity to wash his martial flesh of the Long Family, and if he could, he would be able to step into the Immortal Cultivation Realm and enter the core of the Long Family as well.
“Young master, there is no trace of Long Wu in the crowd, and Long Butler is no longer among them ……”
A subordinate walked up to Long Xingxu and reported in a whisper.
“Long Wu is not stupid, how could he possibly board Locked Dragon Island, wouldn’t that be a glance to let us know who the person we are looking for is? As for that Dragon Butler, he broke through the Locked Dragon Island hard and his body has long been seriously injured, so he would probably be dead by now ……”
Long Xingxu was still looking at everything on the prow of the boat, as if he wanted to see through everyone below.
“Young master, there is one more thing, now the Xuan Yuan family, the Thunderbolt Sect and the Shadowless Villa have all sent people, and they are all the eldest young masters of their families, do you think our plan is still in place?”
The subordinate inquired.
“Implement, big deal, just send someone to follow the three families when the time comes, this time we would rather kill by mistake than to let one go ……”
Long Xingxu’s eyes flashed with ruthlessness, a glance is a ruthless and spicy guy.
………………
Soon, all the people got on board, and with a whistle sounding, the cruise ship slowly set off towards Locked Dragon Island.
Chen Ping took his intention to go to the front desk and book a room, it would be a few hours to Locked Dragon Island, he couldn’t keep sitting around, find a room and rest, Chen Ping also happened to be out of sight of the crowd, if he was discovered by the Qin family, it would be trouble again.
Just as Chen Ping was walking towards the front desk, suddenly a man dressed all in a black suit, with a black hat and a pair of black sungla*ses, followed Chen Ping and brushed past him.
The man’s hands were white, and after overtaking Chen Ping, he walked quickly towards the front desk.