“Sister, don’t talk nonsense, father’s heart will be harder than anyone else’s this time.”
Sheng Jia Yue hurriedly made a wink towards Sheng Jia Hui!
“He’s not talking nonsense, just now if I had listened to the words, the Grand Elder was indeed not well injured.”
Sheng Bushi got up and then looked towards Chen Ping!
He had always been wary of Chen Ping and the others, fearing that Chen Ping and the others would snatch the treasure he had found!
But now, even though he had discovered this treasure first, their Sheng family simply did not have the ability to get it!
“Family Head, being able to be outside of the formation while seeing through it proves that this Mr Chen does have real skills.”
The Grand Elder said!
The way of formations was ever-changing, if one did not personally lay down the formation, or if one went inside the formation, it was difficult to predict what would happen behind it!
However, Chen Ping was outside of the formation, and by observing the formation, while stating that the Grand Elder was bound to be injured, that proved that Chen Ping’s understanding of this formation was higher than theirs!
Sheng Bushi nodded, he had to admit at this point that Chen Ping did have two skills!
“Fellow Daoist, I wonder if you can break the formation with my Sheng family, and you can have a portion of the treasures found.”
Sheng Bushi lowered his stance and walked up to Chen Ping and asked!
“Why would I want to break the formation with your Sheng family?”Chen Ping smiled indifferently, “This big formation, I can break it by myself, why should I bring you guys along?To share the treasure inside with me?”
Chen Ping’s words immediately made Sheng Bushi somewhat speechless!
The rest of the Sheng family also looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
“Kid, is your breath too big, my father and the Grand Elder couldn’t even find the eye of the formation and couldn’t break the formation, how dare you say that you can break it?”
Sheng Jia Yue felt that Chen Ping was just pretending, so he said with great disdain!
The Grand Elder also frowned slightly, bracing himself to stand up and said, “Fellow Daoist, although your understanding of formations may be deeper than ours, but this kind of grand formation, it is almost impossible for one person to break it open.”
“Even if you find out where the eye of the formation is, you can’t break it alone, you have to have someone to help, everyone in our Sheng family is proficient in the art of formations, so it’s only right for us to co-operate.”
The Grand Elder also didn’t believe that Chen Ping could break the formation by himself!
“That’s because you guys aren’t capable, don’t judge others with your eyes, just because you can’t do it alone doesn’t mean that others can’t do it either.”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
“Kid, who are you saying can’t?Our Sheng family in the entire southern region, that is a resounding family, no matter if it’s an array runic spell, if our Sheng family says second, no one dares to say first ……”
Sheng Jia Yue was furious, full of anger as he roared at Chen Ping!
Looking at the furious Sheng Jiayue, Chen Ping did not get angry, but instead smiled faintly and said, “Not to mention the Southern Region, the entire Celestial Realm, in terms of Formation Talismans, is also at an extremely low level.”
“The entire Celestial Realm abolishes literature and martial arts, all thinking of becoming Immortals, everyone scoffs at these arts of formations and incantations, so that the entire Celestial Realm’s level in this area is extremely low.”
Chen Ping’s words caused everyone in the Sheng Family to all stare blankly, followed by silence!
Because what Chen Ping said was the truth, the previous Celestial Realm was also full of all kinds of talents, only that later on, cultivators of Formation Talismans and the like, their status became low, their realm advancement was slower, and they were looked down upon.
Not only formation spells and incantations, even the various pharmacists were at the bottom of the hierarchy, so this caused many cultivators in the Celestial Realm to begin to no longer cultivate formation spells and incantations, and no longer refining dan!Putting all their energy into raising their realms.
In the evolution of several thousand years, there were fewer and fewer cultivators of formation runes and incantations, and there were also fewer and fewer pharmacists of all kinds, and along with the reduction of this kind of cultivator, the importance slowly became apparent!