The Heart Condensation Technique had already been exerted to the utmost by Chen Ping, and the Golden Dan and Dragon Crystal within Chen Ping’s body were actually showing tiny cracks at this moment under this overload of pressure.
If this continued, if the Golden Dan shattered, Chen Ping’s life would be over, and even if he didn’t die, he would become a ruined person.
“Ka-ching ……”
There was another shattering sound as another piece of scales on Chen Ping’s body crumbled, and blood began to stain Chen Ping’s body red.
Slowly, a crack began to appear on this golden armour-like scales on Chen Ping’s body, and blood was continuously flowing from the wounds on his body.
Chen Ping’s eyes were also covered in blood, and the immense pressure seemed to be crushing Chen Ping directly into mush.
Even so, Chen Ping was still slowly moving forward, even if he only took a few centimetres of step, there was no way back for Chen Ping at this moment.
Boom!
Soon, Chen Ping’s body was directly slapped on top of the ground by the tremendous pressure, and the hard green stone floor was all directly smashed to pieces.
Even when he was on the ground, Chen Ping still did not give up, crawling forward slowly on his hands and knees.
Chen Ping’s teeth were clenched so hard that they were almost crumbling.
The golden light on his body began to grow dim.
Along with the dimming of the golden light, the scales on Chen Ping’s body slowly disappeared, and at this moment, Chen Ping completely exposed his flesh to the killing Qi.
Each slaying Qi was like a sharp sword, constantly slicing through Chen Ping’s body, leaving a trail of wounds that dripped with blood!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and kept crawling forward, leaving a trail of blood on the ground!
The tomb was close at hand, but Chen Ping found it difficult to cross over with such a close distance.
Chen Ping stretched out his hand, and it was as if he had touched the chamber, touched the boundary of the spell formation, and as soon as Chen Ping crossed it, he entered the chamber.
But Chen Ping was too bruised and battered at the moment to take a step forward, and his outstretched fingers, slowly crossed the boundary!
When Chen Ping’s hand crossed the boundary of the spell formation, the huge pressure suddenly disappeared, and the killing aura also disappeared.
The sudden disappearance of the immense pressure caused Chen Ping to spurt out a mouthful of fresh blood.
The chamber could already be seen clearly, and Chen Ping’s figure appeared in front of Zhao Barging and the others.
At this moment, Chen Ping was lying on the ground, only a few dozen metres away from Zhao Barging and them, while on the ground, a shocking blood mark made people shudder at the sight.
“Big Brother Chen ……”
Seeing this, Zhao Barging hurriedly led his men to rush up, and the distance of a few dozen meters was just a longitudinal effort for them.
But Chen Ping walked across this distance and almost paid with his life!
Zhao Chuang looked at Chen Ping, who was covered in bruises, and hurriedly helped him up.
“Chen Ping, are you alright?” Dong Jiahao also walked over and looked at Chen Ping admiringly.
At this moment, Chen Ping was very weak, but not in danger of losing his life, and after squeezing out a smile, he shook his head towards Dong Jiahao.
Long Xiao led the men to rush into the tomb room first. On the wall in the tomb room, there was a painting hanging on the wall, on the painting was a landscape, and on top of the hillside there was a cowherd boy, the painting was very realistic, the cowherd boy inside looked like a real person.
On the left side of the painting, the words “Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers” were written. Apart from this painting, there was nothing else in the tomb room.
“Could this painting be the treasure?”
After Long Xiao saw the painting, he reached out to take it down, but was stopped by Long Xingxu.
“Eldest Young Master, be careful of a mechanism!”
Long Xingxu’s words made Long Xiao instantly retract his hand, he had seen the organs inside this ancient tomb, and did not dare to move it easily.
At this time, Chen Ping, who was being supported by Zhao Chuan, also walked into the tomb room, and when Chen Ping first saw the 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers map, his whole body instantly froze.