After a furious shout, Jiang Zhengde raised his hand towards Chen Ping, and the shadow of his huge fist enveloped Chen Ping, like a huge mountain pressing down!
With this punch, the ring began to tremble, and the hard stone slabs of the ring began to crack, even those at the edge of the ring felt the pressure!
“Chen Ping …………”
Seeing this, Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi all cried out in alarm and tried to rush up!
“Don’t move, any of you!”
Chen Ping hurriedly stopped Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi, it was useless for the two of them to get on the stage!
But just as Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi got up and were about to run towards the top of the ring, Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng on the side of the ring looked at Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi together!
After all, anyone would want to look at these two beauties, but with this glance, Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng’s eyes both shot out a brilliant light!
This was because they had discovered the jade pendant Su Yuqi was wearing, which was exactly what they were looking for this time!
Without the slightest hesitation, Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng leapt up and grabbed towards Su Yu Qi!
“Ah …………”
Su Yuqi was so frightened that she instinctively shrieked!
Gu Ling’er hurriedly stepped in to stop her, while that Wu Xi also leapt up, ready to stop the two!
But their strength was no match for Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng, and before they could even get close, the two were blown aside by the powerful force of air!
At this moment, when Chen Ping above the ring saw Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng grabbing towards Su Yu Qi, his eyes suddenly shot out a cold aura and his body leapt up from the ring!
“Kid, want to leave?”
At that moment, that Jiang Zhengde’s ferocious fist had already landed!
“Get lost ……”
How could Chen Ping be in the mood to follow Jiang Zhengde at this time, he shouted angrily and fiercely swung his hand down!
Boom!
With a loud sound, that Jiang Zhengde was directly slapped to the ground by Chen Ping, his body actually sunk into the ring as if it was inlaid up!
Seeing this scene, the crowd’s faces were shocked, they had seen Jiang Zhengde’s strength with their own eyes, but now Chen Ping had slapped Jiang Zhengde into the ring with a single slap, it seemed that Chen Ping’s strength far exceeded their imagination!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping’s face, he would have been a dead soul by now!
Chen Ping’s body leapt down from the ring, but at that moment, Bai Zhantang and Qin Feng had already reached Su Yuqi, and both of them grabbed towards the jade pendant at the same time!
But at that moment, a sudden burst of red light appeared on the jade pendant, and both Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng were knocked out at the same time, retreating a dozen steps in a row before they stopped!
“It’s really something good …………”
The brilliant light in Bai Zhantang and Qin Feng’s eyes grew even brighter!
Chen Ping had already reached Su Yuqi’s side, and although she was protected by the jade pendant, Su Yuqi was still terrified, and there was no longer a trace of blood on her face!
“Yuqi, it’s alright …………”
Chen Ping hugged Su Yuqi tightly and comforted her!
“Chen Ping …………”
Su Yuqi’s body was trembling in Chen Ping’s arms!
Feeling Su Yuqi’s trembling, the expression on Chen Ping’s face had become incomparably grim as he looked at Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng with an icy gaze!
“If you dare to touch my woman, you will all die …………”
With the word “die” out of his mouth, a monstrous killing intent erupted from Chen Ping’s body, and when the surrounding people felt the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, they were all terrified and their bodies trembled!
Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng also frowned and used their internal energy to resist the terrifying aura, but even with their full strength, their bodies could not stop trembling!
At this moment, Jiang Zhengde had already been snapped out of the ring by Qin Feng’s men, and the whole man was already bleeding from his seven orifices, his eyes wide open, dead to the core!