Patriarch Jiang briefly arranged the affairs of the sect, and then led Chen Ping to prepare to head to the Heavenly Demon Sect!
Zheng Jian, Jiang Yulian and Ochre Yan all followed along with them!
“Master, the Heavenly Demon Sect has never travelled with other sects, going to ask the Heavenly Demon Sect for the Heavenly Demon Stones, wouldn’t that be going to run into a nail?”
Zheng Jian hadn’t even set off yet, and he began to speak in a funereal manner!
In fact, Patriarch Jiang himself knew that there was no certainty, but even if there was a glimmer of hope, he had to try ah, it was better than Chen Ping aimlessly looking for Heavenly Demon Stones!
“Even if there’s one hope in a million, it’s better to go and try!” Patriarch Jiang said!
“If the Heavenly Demon Sect won’t give it, I can exchange it for something else!”
Chen Ping also spoke up!
Chen Ping wouldn’t ask for other people’s things for nothing, he still had quite a lot of Immortal Herbs, Spirit Stones and other resources in his storage ring right now, he could exchange them!
“Exchange? Do you know how precious that Heavenly Demon Stone is? It is not something that can be exchanged for ordinary items.”
Zheng Jian said with a cold snort!
Ever since Ochre Amazing had remodelled his physical body and followed Jiang Yulian to kiss and kiss, Zheng Jian’s attitude towards Chen Ping was changing!
Deep down in his heart, he was beginning to hate Chen Ping a little bit, if Chen Ping hadn’t brought Ochre Amazing’s residual soul, he and Jiang Yulian would still be childhood siblings.
He was all set to follow Jiang Yulian and propose to her, when the time came for the two of them to have dual cultivation, wouldn’t it be pleasurable!
But with Chen Ping’s arrival, all of this became a fiasco!
Chen Ping himself did not yet know that because of the matter between Ochre Yan and Jiang Yulian, Zheng Jian had even begun to hate himself as well!
“Master, do you still remember that the Heavenly Demon Sect promised that the Heavenly Demon Sect would promise Heavenly Demon Stones to whoever could get their hands on their Heavenly Demon Sect’s technique intensively?”
At this moment, Jiang Yulian spoke up!
“Of course I remember, but that’s an impossible thing, I don’t know how many experts have gone and tried it in these half a year, it simply can’t be done, so don’t think about it.”
Patriarch Jiang waved his hand and said!
“Patriarch Jiang, what is this Heavenly Demon Sect’s promise of Heavenly Demon Stones all about?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“Mr Chen, half a year ago this Heavenly Demon Sect sinned against a high ranking person, I heard that this high ranking person went to the Heavenly Demon Sect in search of the Heavenly Demon Stone, as a result, the Heavenly Demon Sect, instead of giving it to the high ranking person, they even took action against the high ranking person!”
“As a result, he angered the high person and was punished by the other party, directly throwing the Heavenly Demon Sect’s gong method intensively into a mountain cave, and laid down a taboo, and also took away a Heavenly Demon Stone.”
“Heavenly Demon Sect tried hard, all failed to take out the Buddha that Gong Fa intensive, and then there is no way, only promised to Heavenly Demon Stone to look for experts to help take out the Gong Fa intensive, at first there are quite a lot of people to try, there are also peak experts of the Ferry Realm also went, and the result is that they all failed and returned, and now half a year has passed, and no one has been mentioning it for a long time.”
“Our Soul Demon Sect followed the Heavenly Demon Sect is also at that time there is a connection, that high person beheaded several disciples of the Heavenly Demon Sect, but did not kill them all, but left each other’s souls, the Heavenly Demon Sect then found us, and then remoulded the flesh of their disciples, which made a few of their disciples to be reborn.”
“Mr Chen should still not think about the Heavenly Demon Sect’s promise of Heavenly Demon Stones, if the Heavenly Demon Sect really doesn’t give face, I can have the Soul Demon Sect’s disciples work together to help Mr Chen find the Heavenly Demon Stones!”
Patriarch Jiang followed Chen Ping and explained in detail!
“Many thanks ……,” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
If the peak experts of the Transition Realm did not have a solution, Chen Ping did not want to, his current strength was not comparable to that of the peak experts of the Transition Realm!
While Chen Ping was following Patriarch Jiang and the others to the Heavenly Demon Sect, on a ridge hundreds of miles away from them, Ning Zhi was searching for the Heavenly Demon Stone with Qi Peijia!
The two had been searching diligently for several days, but they still hadn’t found any sign of the Heavenly Demon Stone, which caused Ning Zhi to lose some of his patience!