“Fellow Daoist Zhou, but how come there are still red and green fonts on this Healer Seeker List? Is there any difference?”
Chen Ping looked at the mid-air. The Doctor Seeking List that appeared and asked in confusion!
“The red one means that no one has been diagnosed yet, or the diagnosis has failed!”
“The green ones are those that have been successfully treated and have been cured, and this green one will disappear in no time.”
“It looks like a lot of the cases on this medical search list have already been cured, so it’s probably because a high level person has made a move.”
Zhou Silang said!
As soon as Zhou Silang’s words fell, someone spoke up in dissatisfaction, “Mr Ouyang, if you don’t want us to go to the Pill God Island, just say it straight away, the ones that can go on the Medicine Seeking List are difficult cases, even if it’s a Heavenly Rank Sixth Grade Pill Master, I reckon it’s difficult. ”
“You still want us all to be Pill Honoured ah, in that case, what kind of Pill God Island do we still go to, and what kind of Pill Master Conference do we attend ah!”
After one person was dissatisfied, he immediately drove the others!
“Right, if you don’t want us to go, just say so, and take out the Medicine Seeker’s List for us to assess.”
“If we assess the Medicine Seeker List, is it that all the rewards on the Medicine Seeker List are for you Pill God Island to take?”
“It’s really a good calculator… ……”
The crowd all showed great dissatisfaction!
If the illnesses on the doctor’s list were so curable, they wouldn’t be on the doctor’s list!
Seeing that the crowd was very dissatisfied, Ouyang Wufeng was still smiling!
“Gentlemen, I know that we all have different medical skills and different levels of strength, and that the doctor-seeking list is full of difficult cases, and it’s only after many of them can’t be seen well that they will spend a lot of money to go on the doctor-seeking list to seek out medicine masters with high medical skills.”
“If I let you guys heal those difficult cases, it seems like it’s a bit difficult for you guys, right now nearly half of the diseases on the entire doctor-seeking list have already been successfully healed by our Pill God Island.”
“You now need to before nightfall, research those cases that have been healed successfully, pouring the method used, if you say the method, and our Medicine God Island is not far off, even if the test is successful.”
“Of course, the remuneration won’t be able to be given to you guys, after all, it’s our Pill God Island that first treated the successful ones.”
Ouyang Wufeng said after everyone!
When the crowd heard this, they were astonished, and at the same time, they had a visualisation of the strength of Pill God Island!
A Pill God Island that had cured nearly half of the difficult cases on the Medical Search List, that was a very generous reward!
It was also evident that the Medicine God Island’s medical skills had definitely surpassed those of the Pharmacist Association!
After all, this seek medical list is open, anyone has the ability to choose cases on it to heal!
Of course do not rule out the possibility that there are pharmacist masters who simply do not see that bit of remuneration and do not want to make a move!
But most pharmacists still do not have the ability, otherwise they would have healed and got paid!
Now that half of the Medicine Seeker List had been healed by Pill God Island, this stimulus and blow directly caused those pill masters who had just been clamouring to lower their heads one by one!
Many began to sigh, knowing that even if the cases were healed by Pill God Island, there was no way for them to find a method!
In that case, it seemed that they could only withdraw helplessly, not even having the qualifications to go to Pill God Island!
But there were also many people who began to look at the medical search list and pondered hard!
Since Pill God Island had succeeded in curing it, it proved that it wasn’t an incurable disease and that there was a method!
So by thinking hard, they might be able to find a solution!
But many of these cultivators who were thinking hard were also shaking their heads helplessly, after all, the disease on this list had to require real strength to work!
“Si Lang, do you have a solution that you can come up with?”
Zhen Huan asked to Si Lang!
“I haven’t looked at it carefully yet, with so many cases, I think I can look for a way out anyways.”
“What about you, Huan Huan? Are you able to come up with a solution?”
Zhou Si Lang asked worriedly!