“Kid, don’t you already know about Divine Patterns, you can lay Divine Patterns on this ground, which will surely be resisted by the original formations, so that that original formation pattern will also be revealed!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, his eyes lit up and said, “Yes, why didn’t I think of that, I didn’t think that senior had an understanding of the art of formations as well.”
“Having spent the whole day in your sea of consciousness, I also understand some of it by ear and eye!”The Red Cloud Demon Lord said with a smile!
Chen Ping hurriedly laid down a divine pattern, although he did not know what level of formation the other party had laid down, Chen Ping spelled out his highest level to lay down the divine pattern!
If the divine pattern was too simple and unthreatening, there was no way to make the original formation resist!
Along with the divine pattern that Chen Ping had laid down slowly falling, the ground soon shook gently as those spirit beasts continued to let out low roars!
Sure enough, when the divine pattern Chen Ping had laid down immediately fell to the ground, the ground suddenly flashed with a formation pattern, this time the pattern was obviously much brighter, and it was also possible to clearly see the full picture of the formation!
Chen Ping did not dare to have the slightest delay and immediately began to crack the formation pattern!
It only took a quarter of an hour for the formation to be cracked by Chen Ping, and it could also be seen that although this formation was very hidden, it was not a high level formation!
When the formation pattern was cracked, the ground suddenly collapsed down, and then a dark downward hole appeared in front of Chen Ping!
At the mouth of the hole, there were constant waves of heat coming in, while those spirit beasts became even more fearful!
After taking a couple of looks, Chen Ping walked in towards that hole!
After walking in, Chen Ping realised that there was a distortion in space, and that he had actually entered another piece of space!
It seemed that this was not under the ground, but a separate space that had opened up!
Those formations were the keys to open this space!
This space was not very large, but it was incredibly hot inside, as if it was inside a fire!
Fortunately, Chen Ping possessed the Supreme Fire Origin and also had the Extreme Cold Ice Flame, so he was not afraid of the heat at all, and even less afraid of being burned to death!
Chen Ping looked around, wanting to know where exactly the heat wave here was coming from!
But just as Chen Ping was looking around, suddenly a flame came towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned, and with a wave of his palm, a Supreme Flame instantly came out, following that flame as it violently collided together!
Boom!
With a loud bang, heat waves rolled over and the entire space was filled with flames!
And Chen Ping realised at this time that in the corner of the space, a little guy was looking at him intently!
This little guy had horns on his head, shaped like a lion, and his body was surrounded by burning flames!
At a glance, this little guy actually followed the little Heaven Swallowing Beast in Chen Ping’s storage ring with similarities!
“Could this be another Little Heaven Swallowing Beast?”
Chen Ping looked at the little guy in front of him and said in a very puzzled manner!
“Bullsh*t Heaven Swallowing Beast, this is a Fire Kirin, it’s not even a match for my Heaven Swallowing Beast, it’s the mount of that Fire Spirit Star Lord, I didn’t expect this fool’s mount to fall in the Celestial Realm as well.”
“It looks like this little Fire Qilin, was also just hatched not long ago, no wonder those spirit beasts got sick and couldn’t find the reason, I think it’s just scared.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said with a smile!
In this way, not only his mount fell in the Celestial Realm, the Fire Spirit Star Monarch’s also fell, so don’t laugh at anyone when the time comes!
“The mount of the Fire Spirit Star Monarch?”
Chen Ping looked at the little fire qilin in front of him and suddenly remembered that that Fire Spirit Star Sovereign had to look at the Heaven Swallowing Beast in his storage ring at that time.
When he had taken it out and said that it was a Qilin Beast, the Fire Spirit Star Monarch was clearly unhappy and said that it was a Heaven Swallowing Beast, the mount of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
It looked like the Fire Spirit Astral Monarch at that time was also expecting that his mount would be reborn or give birth to an heir!