“It’s better if you go back to Kyoto yourself, I’m not going back now, I want to look around again and see if I can still find some mausoleum ruins or something.”
“I’ll greet you then, you can’t just not come, don’t forget what you kid owes me.”
Hu Pazzi glanced at Chen Ping and said.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled awkwardly and said, “No problem, whenever Master Hu needs me, I will definitely be obliged to do so!”
Hu Pazzi smiled inwardly, with Chen Ping’s words, Hu Pazzi was not afraid anymore, for he knew that in no time, Chen Ping would be a figure that people would look up to.
After the two men went their separate ways, Chen Ping himself headed towards Kyoto.
Just as Chen Ping pa*sed a small forest, his pace suddenly slowed down.
It was because he felt an indescribably eerie feeling!
It was broad daylight and the sun was shining, so it shouldn’t feel like this.
However, as soon as he walked into this grove, Chen Ping felt that the temperature around him had dropped quite a bit.
The spiritual energy in his body was mobilised by Chen Ping, and then he carefully walked forward.
But just as Chen Ping had not gone far, he saw a sudden burst of black fog in front of him!
In an instant, those black fogs submerged the entire grove in it.
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping knew that someone was definitely ambushing him here.
Those black fogs that suddenly appeared, as if they had a spiritual nature, began to surround Chen Ping’s surroundings, and eventually wrapped Chen Ping up directly.
A harsh scream emanated from the black fog, a scream that carried great penetrating power and reached the depths of Chen Ping’s mind.
It was an attack of mental power that seemed to want to crush Chen Ping’s divine sense and turn him into a fool.
Chen Ping stood still, motionless, as if he was frightened by the harsh screams.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not move or struggle, the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign, dressed in a black robe, slowly walked out.
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign looked at the motionless Chen Ping and the corners of his mouth lifted, “Such a powerful fellow, if he is refined into a puppet corpse, he will be another good helper ……”
With a wave of the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s hand, the black mist on Chen Ping’s body slowly dissipated, and the wretched screams disappeared, only to see Chen Ping’s eyes were listless, standing motionless!
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign walked up to Chen Ping, then he pointed his fingers and a golden light instantly entered Chen Ping’s head!
Immediately afterwards, a black mist began to rise from the Seven Deadly Stars’ palms, and slowly slapped his palms towards Chen Ping’s head.
To train a puppet corpse, one must first cut off the thoughts, and that golden light just now was cutting off the thoughts in Chen Ping’s head.
“Stop it …………”
Just as the Seven Deadly Star Sovereigns were striking at Chen Ping, they were stopped by a sudden calendar shout.
Only two figures were seen slowly walking out.
The Seven Deadly Astrologers frowned and instantly became alert, but when he saw the people coming, he instantly dropped his guard!
It turned out that these two were none other than Zhu Zhi Shan following one of the elders of the Martial Alliance!
“Zhu Alliance Master, why are you here?”
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign asked curiously.
“I’m also here for this Chen Ping ……”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping, who was standing frozen, and said with a cold smile.
“Lord Zhu, you all said that this Chen Ping was very bullish and also gifted, and that he was restrained by me in one go.”
“Look, now he is following the fool, he will do whatever I tell him to do now ……”
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign said with a smug look on his face.
Zhu Zhishan was also momentarily speechless when Seven Deadly Star Monarch said this!
This Chen Ping was indeed very bullish, killing Ning Hai and now killing Zhou Tianyin, his strength must not be low!
Originally, Zhu Zhishan had intended for the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign to be cannon fodder, but he had never expected that he would have restrained Chen Ping as soon as he had struck.