But who knew that Ning Chan would laugh and say, “Wu Feiyu, do you think I’m a fool? I’ve worked so hard to get here, and you’re just going to let me go back like this?”
“I have no way to deal with that bloodthirsty beast, but you may not be able to deal with it either, so I think the two of us can work together for now.”
“When we get the Immortal Crane Grass in our hands, we’ll discuss the distribution!”
The moment Wu Feiyu heard this, he snorted coldly and said, “How is that possible? I am determined to get the Immortal Crane Grass, how can I cooperate with you?”
“Wu Feiyu, since you don’t want to cooperate with me, then let’s have a fish death net and all become a meal in the belly of the demon wolves ……”
Ning Can said, about to make his move again!
Wu Feiyu frowned, his face was unsightly, somewhat helplessly said “Ning Can, that Immortal Crane Grass is very important to our Jade Tripod Sect, but your Ning Family won’t refine it even if they get it.”
“We can cooperate, but we can’t share the Immortal Crane Grass, I can give you the corpse of the Bloodthirsty Beast, you should know that the beast elixir of this kind of guardian spirit beast is also worth a lot of money.”
Wu Feiyu was now helpless, he really had no other choice but to follow Ning Can’s path of cooperation, how could he have expected this fellow Ning Can to choose the method of dying together!
When Ning Can heard this, his heart was immediately moved and he said, “Do you really have a way to deal with that bloodthirsty beast?”
“Of course, if I didn’t have a way, what would I have worked so hard to come here for!”
Wu Feiyu said confidently!
After thinking for a moment, Ning Can nodded and said “Alright, I promise you, I can not share the Immortal Crane Grass with you, but that Bloodthirsty Beast’s corpse must be given to me!”
“No problem!” When Wu Feiyu saw that Ning Can had agreed, his heart was overjoyed, and he then extended his hand towards Ning Can!
Ning Can followed Wu Feiyu in shaking hands together, and considered it a partnership!
“Now what are we going to do about these demon wolves?”
Ning Can swept a glance at the demon wolves around him, and then asked!
“We’ll just have to charge out, with the wolf repelling powder around, I reckon these demon wolves won’t attack!”
Wu Feiyu said, taking some wolf-repelling powder for Ning Can and the others to sprinkle on their bodies as well!
This time, the two teams became teammates, but the few bloody corpses on the ground would never come back to life!
Some of the villagers who had lost their companions could not hide their grief and anger, but there was nothing they could do, in front of absolute strength, they were just ants, ants that could die at any time!
And no one cares about them, all these people care about is their own interests!
Chen Ping looked at this scene and shook his head slightly, these villagers were really worthless in front of these clans and families.
The current Celestial Realm was not sure how many times more cruel than the secular realm.
“All ready, let’s break out of the encirclement of these demon wolves ……”
Wu Feiyu said loudly after seeing Ning Can and the others getting ready!
Everyone held their weapons, backs to backs, and looked warily at the demon wolves in front of them!
Just as Wu Feiyu was about to give the order to impact, a wolf whistle suddenly came!
“Ow! …………”
This wolf whistle was like a huge bomb exploding, producing a burst of sound waves that swept out in all directions.
Many sky-high trees were actually uprooted under this wolf whistle!
Hearing this wolf’s wail, and seeing the uprooted trees in front of them, Wu Feiyu and Ning Can’s faces instantly turned ugly!
The others were even more shocked, and there was a strong look of fear in their eyes!
They knew that the wolf whistle had made them all feel the aura of death, as if the messenger of hell had arrived in front of them!
“Oh no, how come there are still such high-level demon wolves around?”
Wu Feiyu said with a frown and a face full of embarrassment!
Ning Can didn’t say anything, but the hand holding the knife was trembling slightly!