The people he was waiting for had finally arrived!
These four big men were the ones behind Liao Fei Xiong, whom Xing Jun had all just seen!
“Sorry and that’s it? You bumped into my brother, you should at least compensate me for a drink!”
The big man said with a lecherous smile on his face!
“Then I’ll drink a toast to you guys ……”
Wang Han Han wasn’t afraid to drink, and she had the capacity to do so!
After pouring two gla*ses of wine, Wang Han Han offered a gla*s to the big man!
When the big man took the gla*s in Wang Han Han’s hand, he deliberately touched it on Wang Han Han’s hand, which made Wang Han Han let out a shriek, followed by the gla*s falling to the ground and the wine inside spilling the big man!
“D*mn it, you dare to splash me with wine?”
The big man was furious and ready to strike!
Chen Ping got up and pulled Wang Han Han behind himself, looking at the big man coldly and said, “I’ll apologize to you guys for her!”
The big man peeked at Xing Jun, who was desperately making eyes at him, and the big man instantly understood that the man in front of him was the one Xing Jun wanted to deal with!
“What are you, you apologize for her?”
The big man reached out and grabbed Chen Ping’s collar, ready to carry Chen Ping out of the private room!
Now that they knew who it was, they could pull up to a hidden place and just do Chen Ping in, if they killed Chen Ping here, there would be too many people!
Chen Ping’s body grabbed the big man’s wrist straight away, and with a slight twist, the big man let go straight away in pain!
“I hate it when people grab my collar, this time it’s just a warning to you ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
The big man looked at his reddening wrist and a few moments of surprise flashed across his eyes!
Seeing Chen Ping dare to speak like that, that Xing Jun was also a little surprised, but the more Chen Ping did this, the faster he would die!
“Kid, you’re trying to come out on top here, aren’t you? Come out with me if you have the guts ……”
The big man said to Chen Ping.
“No problem ……”
Chen Ping said without a care in the world!
“Brother Chen Ping ……” Wang Han Han saw that Chen Ping was going to follow those men out and hastily pulled Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, I’ll be back soon ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly towards Wang Han Han and walked directly towards the outside!
Seeing Chen Ping follow a few big men out, Wang Han Han hurriedly wanted to chase after him, but was pulled by Sun Xiaomeng!
“Han Han, what are you doing out there, these people are very fierce, since Chen Ping dares to go out, he must be sure ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing.
And when Xing Jun saw that Chen Ping had been taken away, the smile on his face became even stronger, and he waved his hand towards the crowd who had long been scared and pale, saying, “Everyone continue ……”
Seeing Xing Jun say this, everyone sat back down again and the atmosphere had livened up!
“This guy Chen Ping, he better be killed ……”
Cui Zhiyuan said viciously!
His face was still hurting now, and he had long hated Chen Ping in his heart!
The gang chimed in, none of them caring about Chen Ping’s safety, only Wang Han Han kept worrying!
Just after the private room had resumed its cheerful gathering, Chen Ping had followed the four big men to the backyard!
Watching the backyard getting thinner and thinner, the four big men directly surrounded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at the four men and the corners of his mouth lifted slightly, “The killing aura on you is so strong, could it be that you want to kill me?”
“Kid, someone is buying your life, don’t blame us brothers, you can only blame your bad luck, I will hit you painfully so that you will suffer less!”
The big man who had just been pinched by Chen Ping’s sore wrist said.
With these words, the four big men took out their daggers and stared at Chen Ping with a murderous look in their eyes!
“I’m almost dead here, can you guys tell me who is trying to buy my life?”
Chen Ping swept a glance at the brightly shining daggers in the four big men’s hands, before asking indifferently.