Under a tree deep in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, Elder Chu was still slowly recovering his divine sense, while Zuo Xuan looked a little bored, fiddling with a small golden knife in his hand!
At this time, the two helmsmen returned, but the two did not bring the other people from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Seeing this scene, Elder Chu was frowning and said, “What’s wrong with you two? Is there no one under your hands?”
“Elder Chu, we received a jade slip from the alliance master, take a look at it ……”
A helmsman handed the jade slip to Elder Chu!
Elder Chu took the jade slip, and a divine sense punched into it, instantly seeing the information on it!
After looking at me, Elder Chu’s brows instantly furrowed!
“Uncle Chu, what did my dad say?”
Zuo Xuan asked curiously!
“It seems that there is no way for us to deal with that Chen Ping in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, now that the entire Heavenly Demon Mountain doesn’t allow private fights anymore, the several major demonic clans in the Heavenly Demon Mountain have followed the surrounding clans to reach an agreement.”
“These people are taking advantage of the opening of the Divine Demon Battlefield, they are all thinking of making a profit, for their own benefit, they even followed the demonic cultivators to co-operate, too shameless ……”
Elder Chu said with some disdain!
But after saying that, Elder Chu instantly became a little embarrassed, after all, what the Demon Sealing Alliance is doing right now, isn’t it also following the demonic cultivators to co-operate behind their backs!
Only these people got on the stage!
When Zuo Xuan heard this, he hurriedly said “Uncle Chu, in this way, we can also go to the God and Demon Battlefield, and you don’t have to worry about my safety.”
“Gongzi, they just said that private fights are not allowed in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, but when we enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, no one can control anyone, there will definitely be people fighting for various treasures.”
“But I can take you there to see, absolutely not to enter, if anything happens to you, I can’t follow the alliance master to explain.”
Elder Chu knew that these people could control the private fights in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, but after entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, no one could control it!
“Good, then let’s hurry up and go, there’s no way to make a move in the Heavenly Demon Mountain anyway, when that Chen Ping leaves the Heavenly Demon Mountain, it’s not too late for us to make a move.”
Zuo Xuan couldn’t wait to start urging!
Seeing this, Elder Chu could only helplessly lead Zuo Xuan to the Xuan Yin Sect.
…………
Xuan Yin Sect!
This place was considered to be one of the largest demonic cultivation sects in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and the Xuan Yin Sect had been in a large rift deep within the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Because of the scarcity of people here, coupled with the rampant presence of demonic beasts, very few human cultivators came here, which also allowed the Xuan Yin Sect to develop!
If it wasn’t for this Divine Demon Battlefield, it was estimated that not many people would come to this Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Luo Shouhai brought Chen Ping and they arrived at the Xuan Yin Sect’s territory, and at the top of the Xuan Yin Sect’s head was an immense and incomparable alien space rift!
This rift seemed as if it was going to tear the entire sky apart, and around the rift was a white mist, with a swirling vortex that was visible to the naked eye, these were spatial and temporal turbulence!
“By the looks of it, this God and Demon Battlefield won’t take more than a few days to fully open up ……”
Luo Shouhai said as he forgot to glance at the crack!
“I didn’t expect the entrance to the Divine Demon Battlefield to be like this, it’s completely different from what I imagined!”
“It’s too spectacular, and this Xuan Yin Sect, in this situation in the Celestial Realm right now, there’s still such a huge demonic sect!”
“How did the news spread out when such a hidden place opened the Divine Demon Battlefield? Could it be that the Xuan Yin Sect itself spread the word?”
“Why didn’t the Xuan Yin Sect seal the news and wait for the Divine Demon Battlefield to open itself, then go in and pick up the treasures?”
“Could this be a conspiracy?”
The crowd murmured, after all, with regards to demonic cultivators, these people still had a natural wary mentality and didn’t quite believe it!