Chen Ping smiled faintly and looked at Tong Youcai who had pushed forward, then said, “I still have to thank the Second Young Master of the Heavenly Thunder Sect for breaking the formation so quickly.”
When Tong Youcai heard this, he was immediately confused and looked at Chen Ping and said, “Thank me? Why thank me?”
Old Liu and the others were also baffled, not understanding what Chen Ping meant, and why the broken formation had anything to do with the Heavenly Thunder Sect.
“If you hadn’t let your men forcefully break the formation and activate the killing array, which consumed the energy in the killing array, I wouldn’t have been able to break the formation so quickly!”
“Although there is a killing array in this formation, the power of the killing array is weakening due to its age, and you let your men forcefully break the formation and activate the killing array, causing the energy in the killing array to be almost depleted!”
“This way it will be much easier for me to break the formation when I’m there, and I won’t have to worry about getting hurt at all ……”
Chen Ping looked at Tong Youcai with a smug face and said.
This time, Tong Youcai was dumbfounded, his whole face turned worse than eating sh*t!
He wanted to let his men open the stone door first so that he could take the initiative, but he didn’t want to give Chen Ping a dowry!
When Old Liu and Leng Yun heard this, they laughed along with him, but they knew that Chen Ping was deliberately saying this to Tong Youcai.
This was not the reason why Chen Ping was able to break through the formation so quickly!
But Chen Ping didn’t want to say, so they wouldn’t ask!
“Let’s go in. ……”
Chen Ping saw that Tong Youzui was already very angry at the moment, so he smiled faintly and led the people into the Water Fairy Palace!
Tong Youcai had lost his troops and could only follow behind him!
After entering the stone gate, a huge square appeared, with 18 stone pillars, each carved with a dragon pattern, and each dragon was different!
Even though they were all experts, they shivered when they felt the cold, dark air.
At the far end of the square, there was a stone wall, and there was no more road, which made everyone feel very strange!
“Mr. Chen, what is this? Is the Water Fairy Palace that big?”
Liu Rui asked, wondering when she saw that there was no more road.
Chen Ping shook his head and spread out his divine consciousness, trying to penetrate the stone wall in front of his face, but found that there was no way to penetrate at all, because there was indeed no road here, but the stone wall of the big mountain.
“Impossible, is this Water Fairy Palace only this big?”
Chen Ping looked puzzled!
And Tong Youcai and Leng Yun had already instructed their men to look around, hoping to find some treasures!
But the huge square was empty except for the 18 stone pillars!
It was a great disappointment to almost everyone!
After all the trouble they had gone through, they had come to the ruins of the Water Fairy Palace, but it was so small that there was not even any treasure!
“What the hell is this Water Fairy Palace ruins? There’s no such thing, I’ve lost several people!”
When Tong Youcai saw that no treasure had been found, he cursed angrily!
“I don’t think so, how can this Water Fairy Palace be this big? And there’s nothing here?”
Leng Yun also frowned, feeling unlikely!
“Mr. Chen, have you noticed that these 18 stone pillars seem to be placed in some weird positions!”
“It looks like a formation ……”
Old Liu whispered in Chen Ping’s ear.
Chen Ping looked closely at the stone pillars, then walked forward and gently touched one hand to the pillars!
Just as Chen Ping’s hand touched the stone pillars, the dragon crystal inside his body had a strange movement, and he felt a seemingly invisible aura emanating from the pillars!
Soon, the two eyes of the dragon carved on the pillar began to shine!