“They’re hiding the identity of their Blood Demon lineage, and they’re also afraid that other people will know that they have a formation disc in their hands and start snatching it.”
“After all, they are only at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm strength, they are not considered to be much of an expert in this Celestial Realm, so if someone really snatches it, it would be difficult for them to protect it.”
Ochre Yan gave Chen Ping an analysis!
“Very likely, these two fellows’ hearts are also deep enough, it seems that they have completely exposed their identities and taken out the array discs, they are also making their final decision.”
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly condensed as he held the Dragon Slashing Sword and Demon Drawing Whip tightly in his hands!
Since Hu Da and Hu Er had revealed their final cards, Chen Ping could not be careless!
“Hu Da, Hu Er, you and I are of the same Blood Demon lineage, of the same origin, I advise you to stop.”
Luo Shouhai said loudly to Hu Da and Hu Er!
“Luo Shouhai, don’t give me any emotional cards, when we kill this Chen Ping, it will be your turn.”
“The bottom card of the two of us brothers will never let anyone divulge it.”
Where would Hu Da stop at this time!
Only to see a faint white light suddenly emerge from within Hu Da’s body, and then it was seen that Hu Da’s soul had actually detached itself from within his physical body!
And Hu Er was the same, his soul instantly detached from his physical body, and then followed the red blood mist in that big formation to merge!
The flesh of the two people did not move at all, but it was the two white lights that followed the blood-coloured mist that kept colliding, causing the void to start trembling!
Soon, two blood-red humanoid figures appeared, and their power was growing!
Those blood-coloured mists in the grand formation seemed to be continuously powering the two!
Chen Ping frowned, he had never seen a way to abandon the physical body and only use the soul to draw power and raise the cultivation level!
Chen Ping did not dare to delay any longer as he did not know to what extent these two fellows would actually raise their strength!
The Dragon Slashing Sword and Demon Drawing Whip in Chen Ping’s hands struck out at the same time!
Thousands of sword awnings fell like a torrential rain, while the Supreme Fire on the Demon Drawing Whip also turned into a ball of fire and attacked!
Boom boom boom ……
This time, Chen Ping didn’t dare to be the slightest bit careless and used his full strength as soon as he struck!
However, the thousands of sword arrows as well as the balls of fire, unexpectedly directly passed through Hu Da and Hu Er’s bodies and blasted onto the ground!
“This …………”
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed as his entire body froze!
“Mr Chen, these guys are spirit bodies, this kind of substantial attack, I’m afraid it won’t hurt them much.”
Ochre Yan hurriedly said with a body fragrance!
Chen Ping nodded his head to understand, then in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, light flashed out and a divine sense attack spread out from all around Chen Ping!
In the face of Chen Ping’s divine sense attack, Hu Da and Hu Er’s blood-red spirit body, even directly merged in one place!
Countless blood mists swirled around their spiritual bodies like a whirlwind!
Any attack was blocked by this blood mist!
As the blood mist grew faster and faster, a cyclone formed in the entire formation, causing the entire formation to be enveloped by the blood mist!
Chen Ping’s body was suspended in mid-air and was also enveloped by that blood-coloured mist!
The people outside could not see Chen Ping’s figure at all!
This time, Fire Phoenix and the rest of them started to worry about Chen Ping!
After all, this Sacrificial Blood Formation was too powerful, and that Hu Da and Hu Er were also sixth grade cultivators of the Transition Realm, not so easy to deal with, and now that there was a large formation relying on it, they were all afraid that Chen Ping would not be able to fight the two at all!
However, very soon, the blood-coloured mist slowly dissipated, and then Chen Ping’s figure slowly appeared!
At this moment, Chen Ping did not seem to have changed much other than his face being a little ugly!
However, after the blood-coloured mist had all disappeared, the crowd was surprised to find that the spirit bodies of Hu Da and Hu Er had disappeared!
On the ground, a humanoid with a height of more than two metres, blood red all over and full of fierce eyes appeared!