In fact, in her heart, she did not object to an additional Gu Ling’er in between her and Chen Ping, after all, she and Gu Ling’er were good girlfriends, and when the three did get together, she would have a companion for herself.
Although Su Yuqi accepts Gu Ling’er, it doesn’t mean she accepts other women. If it was the two Wu Mei’er sisters, Su Yuqi would definitely be against it.
The atmosphere fell into awkwardness for a while, and at this time Xiao Lan suddenly shrieked, followed by pressing her hands to her head in death, and her expression became somewhat painful.
“Sister …… sister …… what’s wrong with you?”
Seeing this, Wu Mei’er hurriedly held Xiao Lan and asked.
“The righteous father is calling me, I need to contact the righteous father ……”
Xiao Lan frowned and said with a face that was at a loss for words.
Now in this situation, she didn’t know how to report after King Miao, if she told the truth, with King Miao’s character, she would definitely die a miserable death.
But if she deceived the Miao King, it wouldn’t take long for the Miao King to know about it, after all, she was not capable of bringing Chen Ping back now.
“Sister, to take you don’t go back to the Miao Village, whether or not your parents were killed by the Miao Village, let’s wait for us to investigate clearly ……”
Wu Meier didn’t want Xiaolan to go back to the Miao Village, if her parents were really killed by the Miao Village, then Xiaolan would be recognizing the thief as her father.
“No, if I don’t get back at the specified time, my righteous father will activate the compulsions and make it very difficult for me, and if the compulsions die in time, my life will be lost ……”
Xiaolan shook her head, many people in the Miao Village were basically controlled by the Miao King using such means.
“It’s okay, Uncle Long can help you force the compulsion out, Uncle Long is a great cultivator ……”
Wu Meier said to Xiaolan, persuasively
Xiaolan still shook her head: “My righteous father has raised me for so many years, I can’t just leave him like this ……”
“Sister, if your parents were really killed by the people of Miao Village, what will you do? Do you recognize the thief as your father? Also, that Miao King asked you to come and capture Chen Ping, now you can’t capture Chen Ping back, what kind of punishment will you receive?”
Wu Mei’er anxiously dissuaded Xiaolan from going back.
Xiao Lan was silent for a moment, and then said indifferently, “I will personally ask my righteous father about my parents, as for me not being able to capture Chen Ping back, my righteous father has raised me for so many years, I believe he will not do anything to me.”
Xiaolan was still stubborn about going back to the Miao Village, after all, she had grown up in it.
“Ding Bu San won’t lie, since he said your parents were poisoned by the Miao Cottage bee, then it must be, it will definitely be dangerous for you to go back and ask like this ……”
Long Wu said to Xiao Lan.
“Dangerous I’ll go back and ask for clarification even if it’s dangerous ……”
Ran looked like her mind was made up!
“I’ll go back with you ……” Chen Ping suddenly stepped forward and said.
“Chen Ping, you’re crazy, aren’t you asking to die?”
Su Yuqi said anxiously as soon as she heard that Chen Ping was going to follow Xiaolan to the Miao Village.
“Since that Miao King wants to deal with me, even if I escape this time, there will be another time, so why don’t I just go to the Miao Village and meet him, this Miao King is not as strong as Qin Xiaolin, even Qin Xiaolin was killed by me, what is the fear of a mere Miao King ……”
Chen Ping said without concern.
Xiao Lan looked at Chen Ping in a daze, she did not expect Chen Ping to take the initiative to come forward and go back to the Miao Village with himself.
“You should not underestimate the strength of your righteous father, although he only has the strength of a Grand Master now, but he is good at using poison, and …… moreover ……”
Xiaolan hesitated and did not continue down, it looks like the Miao King still has some secrets in his hands that Xiaolan does not dare to reveal.
“I am a person who is invulnerable to all kinds of poisons, there is nothing to be afraid of, you just take me away ……”
Another important reason why Chen Ping asked Xiaolan to take him to the Miao Village was that those poisonous substances in the Miao Village were good cultivation resources for Chen Ping.