“Palace Master Qin, since your son died from a self-explosion, I don’t think there’s any need for you to stay in my Ji family, right?”
Ji Lian Jun asked as he looked towards Qin He Tian!
Qin He Tian’s face was filled with defiance, but he couldn’t snap!
After all, this was the Ji Family, if they really fought, they were afraid that none of them from the Giant Savage Palace would be able to leave!
“Let’s go …………”
Qin Hetian gritted his teeth, then waved his hand and led the people away!
“Dad, why did you let him go, you should have taught them a good lesson!”
Seeing that her father had let the people from the Giant Savage Palace leave, Ji Meiling said with some dissatisfaction!
“It’s better to settle grievances than to tie them up, there’s no benefit for us to provoke them.”
“This time, it’s already heaven’s blessing that our Ji family didn’t kill each other.”
“Quickly tell me, what happened to you guys in the Ancestral Land, how did your sister suddenly open the Origin Space and sense the Origin?”
Ji Lianjun was curious to know how exactly Ji Meiyan did it!
“Dad, let’s go back and talk about it ……”
Ji Meiling knew that in front of so many people, saying what happened to Ji Meiyan would definitely make Ji Meiyan shy, so she was prepared to go back and talk about it!
“Okay, let’s go back!”
Ji Lian Jun nodded!
When they returned to the mansion, Ji Meiling followed Ji Lianjun and said it all!
When Ji Lian Jun heard that it was because of the combination of Ji Meiling and Chen Ping that Ji Meiling’s natural talent and bloodline was now different from the norm, his jaw dropped in surprise!
He had never thought that Chen Ping was a supreme bloodline, and that a woman could change her natural talent and bloodline even after having intercourse with Chen Ping!
It was simply outrageous!
At this moment, Ji Lian Jun’s eyes became somewhat special as he looked at Chen Ping!
This caused Chen Ping to look at him a little hairy!
“Family Master Ji, I’m a little tired, I’ll go rest first ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly got up and wanted to leave!
“Mr Chen stay, I still have some words I want to say after Mr Chen!”
Ji Lianjun hurriedly stopped Chen Ping, and then waved his hand for everyone to leave!
After everyone left, Ji Lian Jun looked at Chen Ping with glowing eyes, as if he was looking at a treasure!
Chen Ping had goosebumps!
Could it be that this Jilian Jun heard that sleeping with himself could enhance his natural talent and bloodline, so he also wanted …… to do the same?
Thinking of this, Chen Ping almost didn’t vomit!
“Ji Family Master, just say what you have to say!” Chen Ping asked as he resisted the urge to vomit!
“Mr Chen, I …… am a little embarrassed to say that I have an unkind request.”
Ji Lian Jun looked a little squirmy!
Chen Ping took a look, his body exploded in sweat, and immediately said “Since I’m embarrassed to say it, then I’ll leave ……”
Chen Ping wanted to leave, but was stopped by Ji Lianjun!
“Mr Chen, as the saying goes, heroes go with beauties, you see that my Ji family has quite a few girls.”
“I hope that Mr Chen can pick some of them and bond with them.”
“Of course, no matter it’s body shape, looks, all of them are picked to Mr Chen’s liking, and all of them are still intact.”
“Mr Chen, stay in my Ji family for some more time, I can also entertain Mr Chen.”
Ji Lian Jun said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he directly froze!
If this was any other man hearing this request, he would probably be able to jump up and down with joy!
But Chen Ping had a bitter look on his face, this was to trap him and raise him as a breeding pig.
Chen Ping looked at Ji Lianjun’s eyes, and did not dare to refuse on the spot, he could only smile awkwardly and said “Ji family master, let me take a break first, think about it, can you?”
“Yes, of course Mr Chen should rest well in order to have energy.”
Ji Lian Jun looked at Chen Ping’s appearance, most likely there was a chance, so he said happily!
Chen Ping walked out from Ji Lian Jun’s mansion, unknowingly sweating all over his body!
He felt that he had to leave, wait for the night time to leave quietly, this is to really be raised as a breeder, Chen Ping even if he is powerful, sooner or later, he will become a human f*ck!