“You’re invulnerable to all poisons, but what about me? But I don’t seem to feel anything different either, could you have guessed wrong?”
Hu Pazi’s body did not feel different at the moment, nor did he show any signs of poisoning.
“Poisoning, it doesn’t necessarily mean they want our lives, maybe they want something else.”
After saying that, Chen Ping looked at the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu in his hand.
“Could that Demon Spirit Sect have poisoned us just for this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu? Then why didn’t they just fetch it themselves? And want you to fetch it and get it from you in some way?”
Hu Ma Zi asked in confusion.
“I’m not sure, but their goal is not just this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, that Song Qingping always gives people an impenetrable feeling, and that Demon Spirit Sect leader, I’ve only seen him once, and I haven’t seen him since.”
“I suspect that the Demon Spirit Sect leader doesn’t exist anymore, and the one who really controls the Demon Spirit Sect is that Song Qingping.”
Chen Ping said slowly.
“What the hell are these guys trying to do? I see that these demons just can’t be trusted.”
Hu Ma Zi said indignantly.
“That’s not true, the people of this Demon Spirit Sect should not know that their patriarch is gone at this time, and are all acting at the behest of that Song Qingping.”
“Moreover, the people of this Demon Spirit Sect are in no way like the other demon clans, who are indiscriminate killers, and are just being hoodwinked by Song Qingping right now.”
“What exactly is going on, I guess we will know tonight, I have an antidote pill here, whether your body has any abnormalities or not, it is better to take it first.”
Chen Ping took out a pill and gave it to Hu Pazzi, although Hu Pazzi had no abnormalities at the moment, it did not mean that nothing was wrong.
Hu Ma Zi took the pill, swallowed it in one gulp, and then left Chen Ping’s room!
…………
Inside the Devil Spirit Sect, Zhou Jie went back to return to his orders!
“Zhou Jie, did you give that Chen Ping that Dispersing Energy Water?”
Song Qingping asked.
Zhou Jie nodded, “En, it was taken down ……”
“Excellent, you’ve really done a great service to our Demon Spirit Sect.”
Song Qingping said, getting up and walking over to Zhou Jie’s face, one hand gently touching Zhou Jie’s face!
He then kissed it Avray.
Zhou Jie’s heart was very complicated at the moment, if Song Qingping was normally like this, Zhou Jie would have been overwhelmed with happiness and patience!
But today, Zhou Jie didn’t feel the slightest bit of it, and even had a hint of resistance!
Song Qingping kissed Zhou Jie for half a day and found that Zhou Jie did not respond in the slightest, so he couldn’t help but ask, “What’s wrong with you today?”
“I ……” Zhou Jie’s face was tinged with a bit of worry: “Vice Patriarch, will you …… you kill that Chen Ping?”
“What? You’re worried about him?”
Song Qingping said with a slight frown.
“No, I just think we can get what we want, there’s no need to kill anyone.”
Zhou Jie hurriedly explained.
Song Qingping stared at Zhou Jie with a deadly stare, and suddenly slapped him across the face, fiercely!
Slap!
Zhou Jie was instantly smacked to the ground!
“D*mn it, you b*tch, do you have a crush on that kid? I can’t believe you’re worried about him.”
“Tell me, did you and that kid already sleep together?”
Song Qingping pulled Zhou Jie up and questioned her with a fierce face.
Zhou Jie looked at Song Qingping like this and was a bit overwhelmed with fear, as she had never seen such a hideous and frightening look from Song Qingping before.
Usually, Song Qingping had a courteous and polite look, and this sudden change made Zhou Jie unable to adapt for a while!
Seeing that Zhou Jie didn’t say anything, Song Qingping pushed Zhou Jie onto the bed and then tore Zhou Jie’s clothes!
Zhou Jie tried to resist, but all she got in return was a severe beating from Song Qingping!
In the end, Zhou Jie was desperate, tears flowing out of her eyes, and she could only let Song Qingping vent his best*ality on her body.