And at the same time on a deserted island in the South China Sea, four girls were playing on the beach, the afterglow of the setting sun sprinkled on the four girls’ bodies, making the four girls look like angels descending from the earth.
“Sister Yuqi, there are so many shells here, we can add another meal at night ……”
“Xiao Ru, you run slower, let me pick up some too ……”
“I’m coming too ……”
The four girls ran off to collect the shells, these four were none other than Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er, Wu Mei’er and Xiao Ru.
When Chen Ping and Xiao Lan went to the Miao Village, Long Wu brought Su Yuqi and the girls to this nameless island.
At that time, there were only two people on the island, the old dragon head and Xiao Ru, and when they saw the deserted island, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were still worried about it.
But after seeing Xiao Ru, Su Yuqi’s heart was relieved. After all, she knew Xiao Ru, and when she went to the Taoist temple to treat Xiao Ru’s illness, Su Yuqi went with her.
Every time she used the Seven Star Disc to help Xiao Ru absorb the cold Qi from her body, Su Yuqi would also go with Chen Ping, and slowly Su Yuqi and Xiao Ru became familiar with each other.
Soon, all four girls became familiar with each other, playing and joking around, and bringing life to this deserted island.
Not far away, Long Wu and the old leader were sitting on top of a huge rock, the old leader was holding his big cigarette in his mouth, his gaze was a bit dull as he looked at a small island in the distance.
It was rumoured that there were two dragons locked up here, one hot and one ice, and because of this, the climate on the island was always polarised, on the west side of the island, the temperature was high and there was a volcano that could erupt at any time, while on the east side of the island, the temperature was low and it was frozen all year round, with an iceberg!
Where the two sides of the island meet, there is a barrier, and this barrier is called the road of death, so that if someone goes directly from the east side to the west side, or from the west side to the east side, they will surely die instantly.
So once on the island, you can only move around on one side, and there is only one day a year to climb the island, and that is the 15th day of the 7th month, when the climate on the island is neutralised, and it is also rumoured that this is the day when the two giant dragons meet in rendezvous and the dragon gate will be opened wide!
Many people have tried to visit the island to see the two dragons, but unfortunately they have not succeeded. In addition to the beasts that haunt the island, there are also many people from the Dragon Family guarding the island.
Only these are all rumors, it has been a long time ago, now no one knows if this rumor is true or not, but on the 15th of July, there will be many people secretly boarding the island to obtain some rare resources, after all, this Locked Dragon Island is unoccupied all year round, no matter if it is thousand year snow lotus, ten thousand year mountain ginseng, or some exotic beasts, there are countless ……
“Housekeeper Long, you don’t need to worry too much, now that the young master has stepped into the Purgatory stage, far exceeding our predictions, there shouldn’t be any problems ……”
Long Wu said to the old dragon head.
The old dragon head did not speak, but took a deep puff of his dry smoke and slowly exhaled saying, “I don’t know if I was right or wrong to release the news that the young master is still alive in advance, the Dragon Family on Locked Dragon Island will definitely send more men for protection.”
“Housekeeper Long, you are also doing this for the sake of Missy, and there is no need to blame yourself, now apart from Xiao Ru’s ice crystal, Chen Ping’s girlfriend is actually still a fire spirit body, this should be heaven’s will, I believe that on the 15th of July, the young master will be fine ……”
Long Wu comforted the old leader.
“Heaven’s will, it really is heaven’s will, but the only thing I am worried about now is whether the young master will sacrifice the lives of these girls to achieve himself by then …………”
The old dragon head was frowning with a worried face, having spent three years with Chen Ping, he knew Chen Ping too well.