In the deep pit, the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth were spilling blood.
No matter in terms of strength or speed, the peak of Martial God is almost beyond the Martial God’s existence, just need an opportunity to break through the Martial God and reach the Martial Emperor realm!
Although he knew that it was almost impossible for him to cope with the peak of Martial Gods, Chen Ping would not just sit there and wait for death!
All he had to do was to find a way to absorb some of his strength and make a breakthrough, and then he would be able to face the Great Protector!
However, apart from the two Spiritual Fruits in his Ring, there was almost nothing that he could use to improve his strength quickly!
But if he ate the two Lingering Fruits, then Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu were basically hopeless and would have to lie in bed for the rest of their lives!
Chen Ping could not do that, he had to save both of them!
Another option was to absorb Liu Rui’s strength and make a breakthrough for himself, but then Liu Rui would die and become a dry corpse.
This was something Chen Ping could not do. He could not do something for himself that would hurt his friend!
Just as Chen Ping was in the deep pit, somewhat helpless, suddenly a ray of spiritual energy came from beneath his feet at a rapid pace!
Chen Ping was astonished and hurriedly looked down to find a thick tree root exposed in front of Chen Ping’s face!
Looking at the root and the strong spiritual aura, Chen Ping was overjoyed!
This should be the root of the Tong Ling tree, which is now exposed in front of Chen Ping’s face!
Chen Ping knew that such a huge tree must have a huge amount of spiritual energy inside it, so if he could just turn the spiritual energy inside the tree into his own, why would he not worry about his strength?
Chen Ping gently touched the root whiskers of the tree, and a surge of power instantly filled Chen Ping’s body!
In an instant, this power rushed through Chen Ping’s limbs and points and swirled around in his dantian!
At this moment, the Heart Concentration Technique began to operate at full speed, transforming this power into its own use!
As if sensing something, the Lingering Tree began to move without wind, its leaves clattering and falling, and each of the leaves that fell now became a sharp weapon, constantly attacking the surrounding area!
Liu Rui and the Grand Protector all darted backwards to avoid the leaves!
Looking at the shaking Tong Ling tree, the Grand Protector’s eyes were full of suspicion, wondering what was going on and why the Tong Ling tree, which had not moved at all, was now shaking so violently!
At the very moment when the Grand Protector’s face was full of doubts, he suddenly felt Chen Ping’s rising aura from the deep pit!
“What’s going on?”
The Great Protector frowned and wanted to get closer to see what was happening to Chen Ping in the deep pit!
But each of the leaves on the Spirit Tree was as sharp as a steel sword, and even at the peak of his Martial God realm, even if he entered the area, he would be cut by the leaves in an instant!
Soon, the Great Protector found a golden light in the deep pit, and Chen Ping’s aura had gone from the newly promoted First Grade Martial God to the peak of the First Grade Martial God in an instant, and was about to break through to the Second Grade Martial God!
“What’s going on, what’s going on here?”
The Grand Protector was a bit confused, what on earth could make a person go from a First Grade Martial God to the peak in a short period of time!
Before the Grand Protector could even think about it, Chen Ping’s aura had already broken through the First Grade Martial God and reached the Second Grade Martial God realm!
No one knew how far Chen Ping’s power would go!
At that moment, the Tong Ling Tree was slowly drying up from its crown!