Chen Ping, Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng stood opposite each other!
At that moment, Wu Feiyu’s and Nie Heng’s auras exploded, each holding their weapons tightly in their hands!
Because they noticed that the aura on Chen Ping’s body had changed again, in just a few days’ time, Chen Ping’s strength had repeatedly increased, surprisingly going from being an unremarkable pariah to now being raised to the same realm as them!
“You turned out to be a Transformation Realm cultivator as well, to be hiding among this group of untouchables ……”
Wu Feiyu said as he sized up Chen Ping!
“The untouchables you speak of have the same flesh and blood as you, today I will make you experience that you yourself are the ones you speak of ……”
Chen Ping said with an icy expression!
Wu Feiyu seemed to feel the cold and biting killing intent on Chen Ping’s body and didn’t dare to speak up for a while!
On the other hand, Nie Heng at the side frowned slightly, then stepped forward and said, “You are Chen Ping, right? I am Nie Heng, the great disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect, and I think our Jade Tripod Sect has some misunderstandings with you.”
“Why don’t you come with us to the Jade Tripod Sect, I think our master will accept you as a disciple for the sake of your full cultivation.”
“Do you know that entering the Jade Tripod Sect and becoming a disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect is supreme glory, it’s much better than hanging out with these pariahs.”
Nie Heng felt the aura and strength on Chen Ping’s body and actually had the idea to recruit Chen Ping!
After all, a cultivator who could cultivate to the Realm of Transformation realm was almost impossible in this poor, remote mountain village!
Nie Heng was afraid that Chen Ping had some kind of background and power behind him!
“To be a disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, “Even if your master were here, he would only be worthy of kneeling to me, ask him if he dares to accept me as his disciple?”
“How dare you, how dare you disrespect my master, do you know that even the various demon emperors around are all respectful to my master?”
“You are a hairy boy, how dare you say something insulting to my master, you are simply looking for death ……”
Wu Feiyu shouted angrily at Chen Ping!
They had no idea that their master, Hu Yixiao, had indeed kneeled down to Chen Ping!
“Kid, I’m giving you a chance and you don’t even know how to grasp it, don’t think that just because you’re at the Realm of Transformation strength, the two of us are afraid of you.”
Nie Heng said with an icy expression!
Although Chen Ping was now at the Realm of Transformation strength, but the two of them weren’t weak either, being at the same Realm of Transformation strength, it was still easy for them to fight two against one!
But what they didn’t know was that Chen Ping had the power of the three clans within him at this time, and although his realm had not increased much, his strength had increased a lot!
Although Chen Ping was now only at the eighth rank of the Harmonization Realm, even if he came across a cultivator below the third rank of the Harmonization Realm, Chen Ping would not be afraid at all!
Even if he encountered a cultivator of the fifth rank of the Harmonization Realm, Chen Ping would still be able to defend himself!
Chen Ping’s current strength was no match for Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng!
“What I need is not for you to fear me, what I want is for you two to die.”
“I want to take revenge for the villagers of Bashi Village ……”
A thick murderous aura erupted from Chen Ping’s body, which still carried a hint of blood, and enveloped towards Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng!
If it wasn’t for these two guys, how could so many villagers of Bashi Village die!
Chen Ping wanted to avenge them!
“Chen Ping, is it worth it for you to make an enemy of our Jade Tripod Sect for the sake of a bunch of untouchables seeking revenge?”
Nie Heng asked!
“You all bite off one word about untouchables, just because they are weak and inferior to you?”
Chen Ping said with icy eyes!
“That’s how it is in the Celestial Realm, where heroes are judged by their strength, and since they’re not as strong, they’re mere ants, people to be driven around and beaten up at will, that’s the rule of the Celestial Realm.”
“If you don’t want to be a pariah, then improve your strength, no one is forcing them to be pariahs, it’s just that they are not strong enough!”
Nie Heng was talking head on, feeling like he was making sense!