It was really hands on!
Zhu Ling grabbed Chen Ping’s hand and explained little by little, including how to punch his breath into the array disc.
Zhu Ling taught very carefully, and Chen Ping also learnt very carefully!
‘How is it?’
Zhu Ling asked after teaching for a while.
‘En, it’s very soft and slippery ……’
Chen Ping couldn’t help but exclaim!
‘Very soft and smooth?’ Zhu Ling froze, ‘What are you talking about?’
‘Oh, I learnt it, it’s good!’
Chen Ping reacted!
In fact, Chen Ping had not learnt at all, but had been feeling the sensation from Zhu Ling’s tender and smooth little hands!
‘It’s fine when you learnt it, I’m here, don’t be nervous.’
Zhu Ling’s attitude towards Chen Ping was much better!
At the very least tonight, Chen Ping was very obedient and even boasted about what Zhu Ling liked to hear, which made Zhu Ling feel significantly better about Chen Ping!
‘En, it is my honour to be protected by Senior Sister Zhu Ling, even if I die, if I can die in Senior Sister Zhu Ling’s arms, I am satisfied.’
Chen Ping nodded his head and said!
‘Oily mouth!’ Zhu Ling laughed, then activated the array disc and went into hiding!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, between the shaking of his body, he quickly became invisible as well, he couldn’t use any array discs at all!
As far as this formation disc given by Elder Cui was concerned, it was really not as good as Chen Ping’s own formation!
Zhu Ling carefully led Chen Ping through the archway, and then continued forward, after passing through two more formations, Zhu Ling’s speed slowed down!
Chen Ping also sighed, this place where the old Sect Master was locked up, the security was too strict, this could be stricter than a prison ah!
‘Senior sister, is it time to arrive?’
Chen Ping asked in a low voice!
‘No, through here, I will be able to see my father, but the formations here are too tight, they are several formations stacked on top of each other.’
‘And there are also two of these formations, they are array discs that Huo Yuan Ting bought for a heavy amount of money, they were not laid by Elder Cui.’
Zhu Ling said with a slight frown!
When Chen Ping heard this, he felt that this Huo Yuan Ting did not trust Elder Cui very much either, and he was also wary of Elder Cui’s tendency to lean towards the old Sect Master’s lineage!
“What then? If we can’t open the formation, how can we go in?”
Chen Ping asked!
Chen Ping swept a glance and indeed found several formations superimposed in front of him, in which there were surprisingly two killing formations that were not defensive formations!
It looked like Huo Yuan Ting was trying to kill the person who sneaked close to the old Sect Master directly.
Those who could sneak close to this place were definitely people from the old Sect Master’s lineage, so even if these people were killed, Huo Yuan Ting would have nothing to lose, and on the contrary, there was still a great deal of help to be had!
It was estimated that these two killing arrays were the array discs that Huo Yuan Ting had bought for a heavy amount of money, after all, it was impossible for Elder Cui to lay down this kind of killing array!
‘I’ll contact my father, he can help open the spell formation’s from the inside, we’ll be able to meet then.’
‘This formation is all about preventing someone from sneaking in, but it doesn’t stop the person inside from opening it.’
‘After my father opens it, he’ll tell me how to get in, we all meet like this all the time.’
Zhu Ling said!
‘Isn’t the old Sect Master crazy?’
Chen Ping was surprised!
‘My father is only occasionally crazy, it’s not like he’s crazy all day long, and my father has said that it’s very likely that he was poisoned for this illness, only that he hasn’t even been able to find out the cause himself, and he has no evidence.’
Zhu Ling explained!
“Then how do you follow the old Sect Master’s contact? This formation is blocking it, I’m afraid that sound transmission won’t work, even the breath is hard to penetrate through.”
Chen Ping did not understand what exactly Zhu Ling used to follow the old Sect Master’s contact!
Zhu Ling took out a scented capsule and then waved it in front of Chen Ping, ‘Inside this scented capsule is the ashes of my father’s hair burnt into ashes, as long as I pass through this scented capsule, I will be able to follow my father’s mind.’
‘And only I can use this thing, it’s useless for others even if they get it, after all, I’m connected to my father’s bloodline!’