After arriving at the hotel, the master driver did not ask for Chen Ping’s money and left after thanking him!
Chen Ping, however, found that even a person in a black BMW, who had followed him, had parked his car not far away.
Chen Ping did not make a sound, but went into the hotel, and after settling Gu Ling’er down, walked straight out of the hotel.
The two men were still watching not far from the entrance of the hotel, and when they saw Chen Ping coming out, they all turned around in a pretentious manner.
Chen Ping pretended not to see the two, but casually walked towards a side street.
Seeing Chen Ping walking away, the two men instantly followed him.
But after following them for some distance, the two suddenly realised that Chen Ping had disappeared.
“Oh no, the man is gone ……”
“What should we do? Should we go back to report to the family head first?”
The two men discussed in whispers.
“Why are you two following me?”
Just at that moment, Chen Ping walked out from behind the two men.
The two men were startled and hurriedly turned back to see Chen Ping looking at them with a playful expression.
“What …… are you talking about? We are just casually strolling around, who is following you ……”
After one of them said that, he wanted to call the other one to leave!
But Chen Ping dodged and blocked in front of the two.
“Stop pretending, you have all followed me all the way, did Gu Kaiyuan send you here?”
Chen Ping asked in a stern voice.
“What are you talking about, we don’t understand at all, you better get out of my way and don’t mess with us ……”
One of them threatened at Chen Ping.
“It seems like you guys won’t talk until you eat some pain!”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, followed by a slap across the face.
The two men clearly saw Chen Ping’s slap coming, but they found that they could not dodge it at all.
The guy who had just threatened Chen Ping received a direct slap on the mouth.
The two men were instantly shocked, they were both Grand Masters, and they couldn’t dodge a slap from someone else?
“Kid, you seek death?”
The one who had been slapped instantly became enraged, followed by his body’s aura going full blast, a terrifyingly powerful pressure coming towards Chen Ping.
The other one also stopped pretending and directly dispersed the aura from his body.
“Humph, even a mere Grand Master dares to be reckless, how insolent ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, followed by a cold flash in his eyes!
Chen Ping did not move at all, while a majestic aura from his body directly pressed the two men to the ground!
At this moment, the two men showed panic in their eyes and were utterly terrified.
In front of Chen Ping, they found that they didn’t have the slightest power to fight back.
“Good man spare my life, good man spare my life, we are also instructed by someone ……”
The two men desperately followed Chen Ping and begged for mercy.
“Say, did Gu Kaiyuan ask you to follow me and do you know my identity?”
Chen Ping asked coldly.
One of them shook his head repeatedly, “No …… I don’t know, it was the family head who instructed us to roar at the airport and keep an eye on the planes coming from Kyoto, as long as there are martial artists above Grand Master on the planes coming down, let us report to him after determining the other party’s landing point… …”
“So you guys reported my landing spot as well?” Chen Ping frowned.
This would be a problem if Gu Kaiyuan knew about it and was sneaking away, the sky was big, where was he going to find this guy.
“No, no, we haven’t had time to report it yet, because the two of us can’t always get a hold of your strength ……”
The other party shook his head and said.
Only then did Chen Ping understand that these two people had been following him and deliberately touched the car, so they wanted to pry into his strength.
Chen Ping had hidden part of his aura, so these two people could not get a hold of Chen Ping’s exact strength and did not dare to report it easily.
“Alright, you two get lost ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the aura on his body was instantly withdrawn, followed by a move to the side.