“President Chen, I’m not being reckless, I’ve already seen the illnesses on here with certainty.”
Chen Ping said to Chen Wenliang!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you don’t know, the disease on this first one, it’s not as simple as it looks, we once had a few presidents plus two Pill Zuns, discussing together, looking for a way to crack it, but none of them were successful.”
“There is also a fifth grade medicine Zun, reveal this first disease, the last is also a failure, now fall all the cultivation is lost, all day to drink and worry, a few days ago just committed suicide.”
“This really isn’t something that can be fooled around with, if it wasn’t for the fact that Fellow Daoist Chen helped me so much, I would never have stopped you.”
Chen Wenliang persuaded bitterly!
Everyone else was also looking at Chen Ping with a face full of shock, being able to pick the first disease to be cured on the Medicine Seeking List was considered a newborn calf!
“Who is this person?”
Zhong Qi looked at Chen Ping and asked with interest!
“Pill Master Zhong, this person was brought over by my aunt from the Central Region, saying that he is a friend of my aunt.”
“Probably a Pill Master as well!”
Zhen Huan said after Zhong Yi respectfully!
“This person is a pharmacist, and he probably doesn’t have much strength because he doesn’t even know what the Medicine Seeking List is, and he just asked me so many things about the Medicine Seeking List.”
“I guess it’s just ignorance and fearlessness, thinking he’s great and wants to test it out!”
Zhou Lang, who was on the side, said!
Just now, Chen Ping had asked about many things on the Doctor Seeking List, even the remuneration, so that proved that he did not know much about the Doctor Seeking List!
As soon as Zhong Xiang heard that Chen Ping was a friend brought by Granny Zhen, she physically leapt up and came in front of Chen Ping!
When Chen Wenliang saw Zhong Sheng, he immediately greeted him warmly, “Pill Duke Zhong ……”
Zhong Yi nodded as a response, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Young man, this Medicine Seeker’s List is not something you can try to play with, especially this first illness, it’s not as simple as you see it.”
“Since you are Zhen Ni’s friend, then I can’t watch you get killed, so it’s better to go back.”
“If you want to go to Pill God Island, I can let you pass the examination, you don’t have to risk it.”
“Thank you senior Zhong, but I still want to try, and I have confidence in myself, I’ll go to Pill God Island, even if I don’t take the test, there’s still a quota for me, but I’m now interested in the payoff for the first disease.”
Chen Ping said truthfully!
“Immortal Bone?”Zhong Qi was slightly stunned, then laughed, “It is said that Immortal Bones are comparable to Immortal Artifacts, and that Immortal Bones ground into powder for consumption can have great efficacy, allowing one’s strength to increase greatly, but that Immortal Bones want to be ground into powder, it is very difficult, and Immortal Bones aren’t as good as you think they are.”
“Ground into powder? Edible?”
Chen Ping was a little shocked!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch, on the other hand, was enraged.
“For f*ck’s sake, the bones of the old man have become a resource for these people to raise their strength.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch cursed angrily!
“Senior Zhong, I want the Immortal Bones for another purpose and not for consumption, thank you Senior Zhong for your kindness!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he did not wait for Zhong to say anything else, and directly pressed his hand on that doctor-seeking list as soon as he could!
Soon, a light emanated above the first disease!
A huge amount of information entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness through the Doctor Seeking List!
Here were the patient’s detailed information, as well as various physical conditions!
On the side, Zhong Yi and Chen Wenliang all sighed after seeing that Chen Ping had actually revealed the list, and then fell back to the ground!
Since the list had already been revealed, there was nothing anyone could do to stop it, it could only depend on Chen Ping’s destiny!
If it could not be cured, then they would resign themselves to their fate!
After receiving all the information, Chen Ping also slowly fell to the ground!
Now Chen Ping had all the information about the disease, and even the personal information of the other party!
Now it was up to him to find a cure!