Chen Ping also casually concocted an elixir for the test and did not use the Shennong cauldron!
These people were all pharmacists, and if he took out his Shennong cauldron, it would definitely cause a stir!
If he took out the Divine Nong Cauldron, it would definitely cause a stir! When someone directly hit on his Divine Nong Cauldron, it would be troublesome!
After Chen Ping had finished refining the pills, he didn’t hand them over for examination at the first time, but quietly looked at the medical list!
The diseases that were in red font were the ones that even Medicine God Island had not found a cure for so far!
Chen Ping looked towards the first one, to be able to be ranked first, surely the disease was difficult to cure, and there was also the main thing, was that the remuneration above the first one was also the most peculiar!
“Immortal Bone? This first one’s reward is actually an Immortal Bone? What is this?”
Chen Ping stared at the reward for the first disease on the doctor seeking list and was very curious!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, Immortal Bones are the remains of an Immortal, this is a priceless treasure.”
“Although many Immortals have fallen in the Celestial Realm, very few corpses existed, most of them simply went up in smoke.”
“Even if some of the physical bodies didn’t go up in smoke, the corpses rotted and had no value at all.”
“However, there is a portion of Immortal corpses that after thousands of years will become crystal clear, comparable to Immortal Weapons in general.”
“This kind is the most valuable, and this kind will also become Immortal Bones, but this kind of thing is few and far between, and can’t be found.”
“And the first disease, let’s just take a look at it, it’s been hundreds of years and no one has ever successfully cured it.”
Seeing that Chen Ping did not understand anything, Zhou Silang explained in detail!
“Immortal bones? Crystal clear?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open, his eyes were unbelievable!
“Kid, this Immortal Bone, it can’t be talking about a part of the old man’s body, right?”
“I really didn’t think that my old man’s fleshly body, thousands of years later, would have become the treasure of these fellows from the Celestial Realm.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch hurriedly asked Chen Ping!
Because the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s physical body had been split up, various body parts had been thrown everywhere!
If all these body parts could be found, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would be able to be revived!
There would be no need to stay in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness all day!
“It could be, but I’m not sure, after all, there are no longer a few immortals that have fallen in this Celestial Realm.”
Chen Ping had not seen this Immortal Bone, so how would he know if it was part of the Red Cloud Demon Lord’s body!
“Quickly ask, quickly ask!”The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said anxiously!
Chen Ping had no choice but to say to Zhou Si Lang, “Fellow Daoist Zhou, I wonder what kind of person this first person with the disease is? How did he get the Immortal Bone in his hand?”
Zhou Si Lang took a look at Chen Ping, then said with some doubts, “Are you a pharmacist or not? The information on this Medicine Seeker’s list can be hidden, how can you just tell who the sick person is, only after you reveal the list, you can get the other person’s information.”
“I’m a pharmacist, I’m just not familiar with the Medicine Seeking List, and I’ve never paid attention to it before!”Chen Ping said with an awkward smile!
Now, to know who the other party was, and whether this so-called Immortal Bone was part of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s flesh or not, one could only reveal the list to find out!
“Kid, are you sure that you can cure the first person with the disease?”The Red Cloud Demon Monarch asked!
“I don’t know, because I have seen so little information now, but it looks as if this person has mania, it can’t be that he was bitten by a mad dog, right?”
Chen Ping said with a slight smile!
“Don’t talk rubbish, it’s not that simple, if it was simple, it wouldn’t be possible that no one has successfully cured it for nearly a hundred years.”
“You quickly go and unveil the list, as long as you unveil the list, you will know so.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch urged Chen Ping to actually go and reveal the list!
“Let me ask first, after revealing the list, what will be the punishment for not being able to see the disease!”
Chen Ping did not dare to just reveal the list!