Seeing that no one was speaking, Qin Feng became even more panicked, “Bai Zhan Tang, save me, if you save me, my Qin family can follow your Bai family’s orders!”
Qin Feng was following Bai Zhan Tang and begging for help, at this moment Qin Feng’s head was already halfway into the ground, if Chen Ping was pushing hard, Qin Feng’s head would surely shatter!
Bai Zhan Tang’s face changed, but he didn’t move or speak!
“If no one saves you, then I will send you on your way ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Don’t, don’t ……” Qin Feng shouted, and suddenly he thought of Gu Ling’er, so he exclaimed, “Ling’er, Ling’er save me, save me, for the sake that we once loved each other, save my life, I like you, I I really liked you at that time, only that I was forced by my family to follow you to withdraw from the marriage and then get engaged to Bai Manli of the Bai family, please save me ……”
Gu Ling’er looked at Qin Feng like that, her body trembled slightly, her eyes were full of tears, she really loved him, at that time Gu Ling’er still thought she had found true love, found Prince Charming, but who knew that she had suffered the worst injury!
Chen Ping heard that Qin Feng even dared to mention this matter, originally he was already indignant for Gu Ling’er in his heart, this Qin Feng still dared to say that, Chen Ping’s heart became even more furious!
“You scum, go to hell ……”
Chen Ping let out an angry cry and raised his foot to stomp down!
“Wait a minute!” Suddenly, Gu Ling’er shouted.
Chen Ping looked back at Gu Ling’er in surprise.
Gu Ling’er walked over, glancing helplessly at Qin Feng in her eyes before turning to Chen Ping and saying, “Chen Ping, can you spare his life?”
“Ling’er, did this slag hurt you?”
Chen Ping didn’t understand why Gu Ling’er was still pleading for that Qin Feng!
“Spare his life, after all, I loved him, this is a kind of relief for me, I’ll save his life and never speak to each other again!”
Tears flowed out of Gu Ling’er’s eyes, seeing how much love the Gu Ling’er once had for Qin Feng!
Chen Ping put his foot back and sighed helplessly before turning to that Qin Feng and said, “Get lost, next time, there will be no one to plead for you!”
Qin Feng let out a long breath, then got up and ran away, without looking back, without even glancing at that Gu Ling’er!
After Qin Feng ran, Chen Ping’s gaze looked towards that Bai Zhan Tang and said in a cold voice, “If you want to take advantage of my depleted internal energy, you can do it now!”
Feeling Chen Ping’s gaze, Bai Zhan Tang’s heart trembled slightly, and after his face changed, he revealed a hint of a smile and said, “Brother Chen, I said that it was a misunderstanding just now, you and I have no grudge, how could I strike at you!”
Chen Ping sneered, “This jade pendant is what you are looking for, don’t you want to take it back? There’s also the dan recipe on me, don’t you guys want it?”
Bai Zhantang frowned, he really couldn’t understand how Chen Ping knew that he was coming for this jade pendant?
Could it be that Chen Ping was the one who saved Yin Susu one night?
Thinking of this, Bai Zhantang instantly understood that with Chen Ping’s skills, he was indeed able to save Yin Susu from before their eyes without a sound!
“Since the item has already arrived in Brother Chen’s hands, it is naturally Brother Chen’s, how could I want it, and that Dan formula, Brother Chen does not want to offer it, I can only regret it, I will not do anything to forcefully buy or sell it!”
Bai Zhantang could only squeeze out a smile and said against his will.
Chen Ping looked at Bai Zhan Tang with that look on his face and said with disdain, “You don’t do things like force buying and selling, but I will, remember what I said, all the medicinal materials of the Pill King Mansion, send them to the provincial city for me, or I will destroy the Pill King Mansion ……”
After Chen Ping finished, not caring about Bai Zhan Tang’s hideous look, he turned around and pulled Su Yuqi away!
Gu Ling’er and Wu Xi followed closely behind them, and everyone else also left, the events that happened today had really shocked them too much.
“Second Young Master?”
Sun Simiao looked at Bai Zhantang and said, “What do we do?”
“Let’s delay for a few days, I’ll go back to the clan to discuss it!”
Bai Zhantang finished speaking and left with his men as well!