Chen Ping’s words really made that Yuan Baozhong hesitate for a moment, and even Zou Zhaolong at the side couldn’t help but feel a tightening in his heart!
If Chen Ping was really capable of producing evidence that this eight trigrams plate was nothing more than rotten wood, would these wealthy Kyoto tycoons let him leave so easily?
Seeing Yuan Baozhong hesitate slightly, everyone froze and all put their eyes on Yuan Baozhong!
“Cut the crap, bring it out if you have the guts, of course I know clearly in my heart what I have appraised!”
Yuan Baozhong saw that everyone was looking at him, immediately his face sank and he said to Chen Ping!
“Kid, do you hear me, just show us what you have, if you can’t prove it to us today, even if I don’t make things difficult for you, think about the others will let you go?”
Qin Xiaotian sneered!
Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to Qin Xiaotian, but took out a coin from his pocket and put it on the table, “Gentlemen, I also happen to have a magic weapon here, so let’s open our eyes!”
When the crowd saw that what Chen Ping had put on the table was just an ordinary coin, they immediately rebuked, “What the hell is this, isn’t it just a coin?”
“Is this also a magic weapon? If this is a magic weapon, wouldn’t I have hundreds of magic weapons at home?”
“Are you taking us for fools? A dime is also a magic weapon?”
The crowd shouted at Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping didn’t think so, instead he looked at that Master Yuan, “Master Yuan, do you think this is a magic weapon that I’ve brought out?”
Yuan Baozhong didn’t know what tricks Chen Ping was playing, but it was indeed just an ordinary coin, where was the magic weapon!
“This is just an ordinary coin, how can it be a magic weapon!”
Yuan Baozhong said.
“It seems that none of you are blind!” Chen Ping sneered, “To think that you can all tell that this is just an ordinary coin!”
“Kid are you saying a f*cking word?”
“You dare to fool us, you won’t be able to walk out of Kyoto today!”
“A bunch of us, being tricked by a little brat, if this gets out, how can our gang in Kyoto still get along?”
A bunch of people looked at Chen Ping in anger, some even wanted to make a move, but luckily Bai Xiushan was standing by to stop them!
“This is just an ordinary coin, but when I say it is a magic weapon, he is a magic weapon ……”
Just see Chen Ping take that coin, pinch his finger and punch a very small flame formation into the top of the coin, only to see that coin directly burn up!
The coin was wrapped in flames around it and kept burning without seeing the slightest change in the coin!
“What the hell is this? A magic trick?”
Qin Xiaotian looked at the burning coin and said with a disdainful expression.
“A senior magician is better than you, isn’t it just a coin burning? Anyone who knows a bit of chemistry will be able to do it, is this what you’re relying on to fool these masters of magic?”
“It’s so pedestrian, I thought there was something to it!”
“What a laugh, he even said this is a magic weapon, so this fire engine of mine is also a magic weapon, it can burn too!”
The crowd all sneered at Chen Ping!
Even the eye-catching spell masters were dismissive of Chen Ping, only that Yuan Baozhong’s face changed and changed, his eyes held surprise and shock!
He could tell that the coin in Chen Ping’s hand was just an ordinary coin, but the fact that it was burning was not a magic trick or a chemical reaction, but a small flame formation that Chen Ping had punched into the coin!
Although this flame formation was not a high-level formation, it was almost impossible to quickly penetrate into an object, even if he himself wanted to refine a magic weapon, it would take days, even tens of days, to penetrate the formation into the object, and it was extremely exhausting!