Chen Ping was embarra*sed, thanks to the fact that he was still an immortal cultivator, but he knew nothing about the immortal cultivation world!
That’s why he had made so many jokes!
“You’ll understand slowly, from now on we’ll all be family, I’ll often bring you around the secret realm.”
Ge Fuhai looked at Chen Ping and smiled meaningfully, then with a wave of his hands, a light wrapped around the two people.
The two instantly appeared in a bustling town, only to see that the town was filled with vendors doing business, following the secular world no differently!
“Let’s go ……”
Ge Fuhai led Chen Ping through a street, and then stopped at a courtyard!
Chen Ping looked at the courtyard and asked incredulously, “Ge family master, the Ge family land you mentioned, this isn’t the place, is it?”
Ge Fuhai nodded, “Not bad, this is it!”
Chen Ping didn’t know what to say for a moment, because this compound was really not very good, it didn’t look like the clan land of a big family anyhow!
It didn’t even compare to Ge Fuhai’s compound in Kyoto.
Ge Fuhai could see what Chen Ping was thinking, but he didn’t say anything, but smiled lightly and then led Chen Ping inside!
But as soon as Chen Ping entered the gate, a huge aura instantly hit him, and the next thing that appeared before him was a majestic manor!
At the entrance of the manor, two guards were standing straight, emanating the aura of Martial Marquis.
Chen Ping’s almost didn’t drop his jaw in shock!
Chen Ping looked at Ge Fuhai in disbelief, knowing that Ge Fuhai was only at the Martial Marquis realm now, so it looked like he was on the same level as the guards at the entrance!
“This is the clan land of our Ge family ……”
Ge Fuhai smiled!
“Ge Clan Master, what is your …… position in your Ge Clan’s clan land?”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
Ge Fuhai smiled lightly, “I am just an errand boy in our Ge clan land, who would go to the mundane world if they were truly in the direct line of the Ge clan ……”
When Ge Fuhai said this, he was a bit helpless, after all, immortal cultivators, to improve their strength as the main goal.
Going to the mundane world is also the same as limiting the improvement of one’s strength.
“Then do the other secret families, likewise, have spokesmen in the secular realm? I don’t think I’ve come across any!”
Chen Ping was a little puzzled, after all this time, he had only come across Ge Fuhai, the spokesperson of the Ge family in the secular realm!
“There should be one too, such things are kept secret, I’m not sure!”
“Hurry up and go in, I guess the clan elders are waiting impatiently.”
Ge Fuhai led Chen Ping towards the depths of the clan grounds.
When he pa*sed the guards, Ge Fuhai flashed his waist tag, and was only then let through.
It looked like Ge Fuhai’s status in the Ge clan grounds was not too high indeed!
Only after pa*sing through several courtyards did Ge Fuhai bring Chen Ping to a halt at a three-storey courtyard.
“Disciple Ge Fuhai, please see Clan Elder ……”
Ge Fuhai shouted loudly from his position at the entrance!
At that moment, a middle-aged man with a bearded face and a fierce and fierce aura came out from inside.
He swept a glance at Ge Fuhai and Chen Ping, and then flicked his palm!
A spiritual power instantly wrapped the two men!
Ge Fuhai did not show any expression, but Chen Ping looked startled, and then a golden light appeared on his body, resisting this spiritual energy!
This was because Chen Ping had discovered that this spiritual power was actually sealing his own cultivation.
How could Chen Ping have had his cultivation sealed for no reason at all?
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body kept flickering, and the divine dragon power within his body carried that spiritual power to death, not allowing him to enter his body!
The bearded man saw this and frowned slightly!
“Mr. Chen, don’t resist, this is a necessary process to meet the clan elders, everyone has to seal their cultivation!”
Ge Fuhai followed Chen Ping through the door and explained.