And with General Xing’s token in his hand, this was simply a strange shame for Qiu Yu!
After ordering someone to go and inform Captain Zhou, Qiu Yu himself personally led people straight to the city gates!
“Your Excellency, it’s not too good for you to make such a big fuss, after all, that Chen Ping can have General Xing’s token in his hand, he’s General Xing’s guest minister now.”
“To deal with him, I think it’s better to notify the lord ……”
At this time, someone reminded Qiu Yu!
“Hmph, as long as that Chen Ping dares to go out of the city, we’ll intercept him outside the city and throw his body in the middle of nowhere at that time, what can that General Xing do to me?”
“If he dares to deal with me, my father won’t let him off, don’t worry ……”
After Qiu Yu finished speaking, he led his men to leave!
Qiu Yu’s body’s rampant hostile aura continued to emanate, although other cultivators didn’t dare to randomly explode their aura in Beast City, Qiu Yu dared to do so!
What is his status?
He was the son of the Qiu family, and his father was one of the three great beast generals!
When there was no city lord, his father was the biggest leader in the entire Beast City!
Even if Qiu Yu exploded his breath, who would dare to care?
On the other side, Chen Ping chased Missy out of the city!
The guards at the city gates did not stop them, they would check when entering the city, but no one cared when leaving the city!
The youngest sister’s brother was also chasing after her, and her mouth was constantly nagging, “You, this girl, not obedient at all, as the saying goes, marry a chicken and follow the chicken, marry a dog and follow the dog, you follow Chen Ping have slept with him, is his person, you are still headstrong what?”
“How nice to obediently follow someone else, it’s not like you’ll be treated badly, and it’s thanks to Chen Ping that I was able to get out of the prison.”
“You don’t say to serve people well, and then give them a big fat boy to teach their children, you still want to run, I’ll see where you can run to!”
The youngest sister’s brother only nagged, making the youngest sister run even faster!
Chen Ping helplessly looked at the youngest sister’s brother and said, “You shut your mouth, I didn’t touch your sister at all, stop talking nonsense.”
“Brother-in-law, don’t lie to me, I heard it all last night, and my sister screamed very happily, that can still be false ah!”
“Brother in law don t worry about it, I am sure to talk this stubborn girl through to you ……”
The youngest sister brother also thought Chen Ping lied to himself, said after speeding up the speed towards the youngest sister to chase!
Chen Ping looked at the two siblings away, did not intend to chase, so towards the south of the city, that Xiong broad said, a hundred miles south of the city there is a big tree, his sister Xiong Ying is there!
Chen Ping had to find Xiong Ying before he could determine if the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein was real!
However, Chen Ping had just turned around and immediately sensed that several auras were coming towards him!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he knew that the person who was tracking him must be that Qiu Yu, after all, he only followed this guy in Beast City with a grudge!
Regardless of whether it was that Qiu Yu or not, Chen Ping decided to wait for the other party, if he let them keep following, then the matter of the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein might be exposed!
The person who was following them had to be dealt with first before Chen Ping could feel at ease and go searching for the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein!
“You brat, why aren’t you running?”
At this moment, Qiu Yu’s voice rang out, followed by several figures appearing in front of Chen Ping!
The leader was none other than Qiu Yu, who was currently looking at Chen Ping with a sinister smile on his face!
While Qiu Yu was speaking, the several cultivators he had brought with him all took up their positions without making a sound, surrounding Chen Ping and preventing him from escaping!
These cultivators were all of the third grade of the Transition Realm, and at a glance, they were not coming from a good place!
“What do you want?”Chen Ping looked towards that Qiu Yu and asked!
“What do you think I want? Of course I want to take revenge, do you think that after beating me, you will just let it go?”
“And you escaped from prison, this is a capital offence, it won’t be long before that Captain Zhou will bring someone and recapture you back to the prison, at that time, I will make your life worse than death!”
Qiu Yu said with a cold smile!