“However, I see that you have an overflowing blood aura, so you should also be cultivating by sucking human blood, otherwise your strength wouldn’t have reached the ninth rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm.”
“So you don’t need to moralise and accuse me, let alone laugh at me at fifty paces!”
Di Chongjing laughed out loud!
After Di Chongjing’s words, Patriarch Jiang’s face instantly turned ugly!
Jiang Yulian as well as Ochre Yan and the rest of them looked towards Patriarch Jiang at the same time, after all, after Patriarch Jiang closed his doors, no one knew how he cultivated!
Even Chen Ping also looked towards Patriarch Jiang, he also felt that Patriarch Jiang’s strength had indeed risen a little too quickly, how long had it been, that he had reached the ninth rank of the Transitional Realm!
If one was not a super genius, coupled with a large amount of resources piled up, it would be difficult to break through to the ninth rank of the Transition Realm in such a short period of time!
Obviously, Patriarch Jiang wasn’t a genius, and the Soul Demon Sect didn’t have a large amount of resources to pile up even more!
When Patriarch Jiang realised that everyone was watching him, he had a very unnatural expression on his face, and his eyes were somewhat averted!
“Father, is this …… true? Is it true that you also suck human blood to cultivate?”
Jiang Yulian asked incredulously!
“Patriarch Jiang, what is going on, speak truthfully.”
Chen Ping also said to Patriarch Jiang!
Patriarch Jiang looked at Chen Ping, hesitated and stammered, and finally sighed helplessly, “Ai, in fact, it was not human blood that I sucked, but beast blood, I secretly kept demonic beasts in captivity, and sucked their blood when I was in seclusion.”
“I broke my promise to my master, I shouldn’t have absorbed blood to cultivate …………”
Patriarch Jiang looked very distressed, his entire body trembling slightly!
Looking at Patriarch Jiang with that look, Chen Ping wanted to ask to understand just how many things were going on with Patriarch Jiang!
“Kid, go to hell ……”
Just as Chen Ping was focusing all his attention on Patriarch Jiang, Di Chongjing suddenly made a move on him!
Only to see Di Chongjing holding a bone flute in her hand, casually pointing it towards Chen Ping!
A red cold aura was transformed into a strand of red aura that enveloped the sky!
Puh-puh-puh ……
This aura was extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, it struck Chen Ping’s body, surprisingly sealing Chen Ping’s body directly!
Only Chen Ping was wrapped in red mist and did not move a muscle!
“Hahaha, wanting to fight after me, you are still too young ……”
Seeing that he had won, Di Chongjing couldn’t help but laugh!
“Mr Chen …………”
When Ji Yun and also Patriarch Jiang and the others saw this, they were all taken aback!
They didn’t expect that Di Chong Jing, this fellow, had sneaked in secretly and directly let him get his hands on him!
“Di Chongjing, I’ll fight you ……”
When Patriarch Jiang saw this, he roared towards Di Chongjing!
With Chen Ping under control, it was impossible for any of them to be a match for that Di Chongjing!
The reason why Patriarch Jiang was like this was to stall Di Chong Jing so that Jiang Yulian and the others would have a chance to escape!
“Hmph, with this much skill, you still want to fight me?”
Di Chongjing’s face was filled with disdain, and after a cold snort, he swung out a palm, directly sending Sovereign Jiang flying!
This was the gap of a great realm, an insurmountable chasm!
Patriarch Jiang fell heavily to the ground, his face unsightly!
“Kid, it’s your turn ……”
After Di Chongjing repelled Patriarch Jiang, the bone flute in his hand went directly towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was controlled and could not move a muscle, he could not dodge at all!
“Mr Chen …………”
Jiang Yulian and Ji Yun both pounced towards Di Chongjing together!
Right now, only the two of them were uninjured, and even though they knew it was a moth to a flame, they did not hesitate for a second!
But before the two of them could rush to Chen Ping, Di Chongjing’s bone flute had already arrived!
The bone flute was heading straight for Chen Ping’s chest, it was going to pierce Chen Ping straight through!
But the moment the bone flute reached Chen Ping’s chest, Di Chongjing suddenly froze!
Only to see Chen Ping directly grabbing the bone flute with one hand, with a playful smile on his face!