He wanted to see what was so strange about this tree, not only was it able to emit Immortal Qi, but it was also able to actively attack humans!
The tree emitted a spirit blade, but Chen Ping simply dodged it, letting it hit him, causing him no damage at all!
Chen Ping grabbed one of the branches of the tree, and then with a forceful pull, the tree was pulled out directly from the cracks in the stone!
The moment it was pulled out, the tree was actually struggling, as if it wanted to break free from Chen Ping’s bonds!
“This tree actually has a consciousness, it’s really strange ……”
Chen Ping said in surprise as he grabbed the tree!
“I also saw for the first time, how this tree has life ah ……”
Zhu Qingxiu was also very surprised and said!
“First regardless, those guys are going to escape, or first go after them ……”
Chen Ping took Zhu Qingxiu with him and started chasing after those three demonic cultivators!
During this period, Chen Ping tried several times to put that tree into his storage ring first, but every time, he failed!
To know, Chen Ping’s storage ring had no way to fit humans, but everything else was able to fit, like this divine tree, it should not be a problem, but Chen Ping had failed several times!
So Chen Ping also no longer cared, grabbed the tree, began to quickly chase towards the three devil cultivators!
But just after chasing out a short distance, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed, because he sensed that from the distance of that void, many auras were continuously approaching towards them!
And the number was a dozen or so, among them, there were several in the Mahayana realm, these should all be the rescuers that those three demonic cultivators had moved in!
It was not that the East Region was barren and the strength of the cultivators was not high, how come there were so many Mahayana realm cultivators all of a sudden?
Chen Ping was very speechless!
At this time, Zhu Qingxiu also had a slight change in colour, sensing the aura of quite a few strong people, she hurriedly said to Chen Ping, “Bad, it should be that devil cultivator’s rescuers coming, and there are quite a few of them, we’d better not chase after them.”
“Go ……”
Chen Ping nodded, then brought Zhu Qingxiu to run from another direction, as long as they left the Dead Sea area!
And not long after Chen Ping and the others left, there was a fluctuation in the void, only to see a man in a blood-coloured robe appear, and behind him were quite a number of cultivators, several of which were of the First Grade of the Mahayana Realm!
If Chen Ping had not left, he would have been surprised upon seeing this man in a blood-coloured robe, because this fellow was none other than Ning Zhi, who had run away with the Heavenly Demon Stone!
He had already regained his physical body and his strength had been raised to the Second Grade of the Mahayana Realm!
It had to be said that this fellow, Ning Zhi, was also considered a genius figure!
That green-clothed cultivator was overjoyed when he saw the man who had suddenly appeared, and immediately greeted him, saying, “Sir Ning, I didn’t expect you to personally bring someone here.”
Ning Zhi looked at the green-clothed cultivator’s broken arm and frowned slightly, “What’s wrong with you guys? Could it be that you can’t even deal with a little girl.”
Ning Zhi’s face was filled with anger, scaring the green-clothed cultivator!
“Prince Ning, if it was just that Zhu Qingxiu alone, the few of us would have taken her down long ago, and the secret scrolls would have been in our hands, it’s just a pity that a Chen Ping was killed halfway.”
“This fellow doesn’t look like he’s in a high realm, but he’s not weak, and he has a treasure armour, so he’s really made us suffer.”
The green-clothed cultivator carefully explained!
“Chen Ping?”
Ning Zhi was slightly stunned, then his face revealed a few shades of excitement, “Hahaha, what a narrow path, this guy actually came to the Eastern Domain, I was worried that I wouldn’t be able to find him.”
“Prince Ning, do you know that Chen Ping? That fellow was ordered by the alliance master to hunt him down with a hundred-year offering.”
“If we are able to capture that Chen Ping, we will be able to approach the alliance master to collect the hundred-year offerings.”
The green-clothed cultivator hurriedly said!