One must know that the larger the area under one’s jurisdiction, the more resources one could get their hands on!
With the character of such a profit-oriented crowd in the Celestial Realm, if there was no absolute strength to protect such a large area, it would definitely be eaten away!
“I don’t know about this, but many years ago, this Xiao Yuanshan used just a hundred years to break through to the Mahayana realm, becoming the youngest genius figure in the Celestial Realm.”
“I’ve heard that this son of his has even more natural talent than Xiao Yuanshan, but he didn’t want to get this disease.”
Chen Wenliang said!
Chen Ping pondered, this Xiao Huangzhao who suddenly appeared, looked very strong, if he really couldn’t be cured, he was afraid that it would be difficult to run away!
“Quickly look, what is that ……”
Suddenly, someone. Shouted out!
Everyone looked towards the direction of the sky, only to see a strange light that was rapidly approaching!
Soon, along with the light coming closer and closer, the crowd then realised that three flying tiger demonic beasts, which were like mountains, were pulling a huge carriage, and were coming at a rapid pace!
The one who was driving the three flying tiger beasts was none other than Xiao Yuanshan, who had just left!
And on top of this carriage, an iron cage was created from hard Xuan Iron, each of which was a metre thick!
And around the chains, there were dozens of chains, the ends of which were all tied to a man!
The man’s eyes were scarlet and his teeth were sharp, just like a devil!
And the entire carriage was shrouded by a formation, surrounded by flashes of colourful light!
“Could it be Prince Xiao inside this cage? I’ve heard that this Prince Xiao used to be a suave man, why has he become like this now?”
“It’s too terrifying, it’s like a devil ……”
“No wonder Xiao Yuanshan took out a treasure like the Immortal Bone as a reward to save his son as well, what has become of this.”
The crowd could not help but whisper when they saw this scene in front of them!
“Pill God Island Ouyang Wufeng, pay my respects to Emperor Xiao ……”
When Ouyang Wufeng saw Xiao Yuanshan’s real body coming, he rushed forward to salute!
Xiao Yuanshan just gave a casual hmmm and placed his gaze on Chen Ping before saying, “Little Pill Master, I have brought my son here, so make your bid to heal him.”
“As long as you cure my son, not only can I give you the Immortal Bone, but you will also be able to become a guest of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
Chen Ping glanced at Xiao Feng inside the iron cage, then said, “I need to personally go up and check it out in order to find the root cause.”
“No problem, but my son, he has an unstable temperament, you need to pay more attention.”
“I will open the iron cage and guard it from the side, you must not provoke him.”
Xiao Yuanshan finished speaking and was about to undo the formation around the iron cage!
“There’s no need to undo the formation, if your son goes berserk, without the control of the iron cage and the formation, a lot of medicine masters here will suffer.”
Chen Ping blocked Xiao Yuanshan and said!
“If you don’t undo the formation, then how are you going to go up and check it out?”
Xiao Yuanshan froze and said!
“I have my own way ……” Chen Ping walked to the front of the iron cage, took a look at the formation, and gently pressed his palm on it!
The formation was accompanied by a tremor, and surprisingly slowly disappeared!
And after Chen Ping got into the carriage, the formation miraculously reappeared!
Seeing this scene, everyone’s eyes widened with incredulity!
One must know that they were all pill masters here, where was anyone who knew the art of formations!
Chen Ping was also a pharmacist, yet he did not want to still know about formations, being able to turn them on and off so easily!
Xiao Yuanshan, on the other hand, frowned when he saw this, and his face became a little ugly!
It was truly said that there were specialisations in the arts, and now that Chen Ping had shown a very strong ability in formations, that meant that the medical arts were definitely not very good!
However, there were very few people who had practiced both the art of formations and the art of medicine to the point of pure perfection!
The more powerful the formation arts Chen Ping was showing now, the more disappointed Xiao Yuanshan was!
He wanted a medicine man who would cure his son, not a formation master!