The car was Su Yuqi’s, Chen Ping didn’t buy a car himself because whether it was Su Yuqi or Lin Tianhu, all had cars, and quite a few of them, so Chen Ping didn’t lack a car to drive!
“Oh!” Chen Yingxia let out an oh, and then asked, “I heard from Third Aunt that you brought a particularly pretty girl with you, is she your girlfriend?”
Chen Ping nodded with a smile, this rural woman’s ability to spread news, I’m afraid it’s faster than even the internet!
“Where is it? Quickly take me to meet her!”
Chen Yingxia pulled Chen Ping and headed towards the house!
As soon as she entered, she was greeted by Tang Hongying and Su Yuqi who were about to come out to greet her!
“Auntie!” Chen Yingxia shouted after Tang Hongying.
“Yingxia, you’re getting married soon, why are you still running around?”
Tang Hongying asked to Chen Yingxia.
“There are too many people at home and it’s too noisy, so I ran out for some fresh air!”
After Chen Yingxia finished, he looked at Su Yuqi beside Tang Hongying and said with a surprised look on his face, “This is my brother Chen Ping’s girlfriend, right? So pretty, just like a fairy!”
Hearing Chen Yingxia say this, Su Yuqi’s face immediately turned red, but her heart was beautiful.
“My name is Su Yuqi!” Su Yuqi said as she held out her hand.
“Sister-in-law, my name is Chen Yingxia ……”
Chen Yingxia hurriedly extended her hand and shook Su Yuqi’s hand!
“Okay, you guys go inside and talk, I’ll go to Yingxia’s house to check it out!”
Tang Hongying said, and left!
A few people returned to the house, Chen Yingxia’s gaze kept looking at Su Yuqi’s body, which made Su Yuqi a little embarra*sed to see.
“Yingxia, what are you looking at all the time?”
Chen Ping hurriedly reminded Chen Yingxia and said.
“I think this is not a cheap outfit, it’s all brand names, and those earrings are Cartier.
Chen Yingxia said with an envious face, “Sister-in-law, what does your family do?”
Su Yuqi didn’t expect Chen Yingxia to be quite knowledgeable, so she smiled lightly and said, “A small business!”
After saying that, Su Yuqi took off the earrings, “Yingxia, your brother and I came in such a hurry that we didn’t buy you any gifts.
Chen Yingxia hurriedly waved her hand and backed away in fear, “Sister-in-law, these are too expensive, I wouldn’t dare to take them!”
“What’s so precious about it, it’s your sister-in-law’s heart!” Su Yuqi said, pulling Chen Yingxia hard to put it on him directly, “Look how good it looks, it will look even better when you put on your wedding dress when you get married!”
As soon as Su Yuqi talked about getting married, Chen Yingxia’s original face full of smiles began to darken, looking a little preoccupied!
“Yingxia, you’re just nineteen, how come you’re not going to school and getting married? You haven’t even gone to university yet, it’s hard to get a foothold in society without education in the future!”
Chen Ping asked to Chen Yingxia.
Chen Ping’s question seemed to have touched Chen Yingxia’s sore spot, and she burst into tears as her eyes turned red.
This startled Chen Ping, he didn’t expect that Chen Yingxia would cry at his own whim!
Su Yuqi also hurriedly turned to Chen Yingxia and said comfortingly, “Yingxia, your brother is just saying that casually, ignore him!”
“Woooooooo …………”
Once Su Yuqi said that, Chen Yingxia cried even more, directly lying on Su Yuqi’s shoulder and crying.
After crying for a while and calming down, Chen Yingxia then said, “Sister-in-law, I’m not complaining about what my brother said about me, actually I don’t want to get married, I want to go to school, but …… but I can’t help it!”
Chen Yingxia at this time aggrieved like a child, let people look at it very heartbreaking!
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.
“Ying Xia, what is going on?” Chen Ping said with a slight frown.