“This girl, do you trust him so much? You have to know that he’s a demonic cultivator, and since you met in passing, you don’t even know his identity.”
“If he directly stops returning your spirit stones, where are you going to find him?”
Among the crowd, that old man asked Lin Keting in a very puzzled manner.
But who knew that Lin Keting smiled faintly and said, “If he dares to not return the spirit stones, then the entire Celestial Realm will have no place for him to rest in, even if it’s up to the heavens and the seas, I have a way to catch him.”
Lin Ke Ting was incomparably confident, this confidence of hers was by no means feigned, it was innate.
From this, one could also surmise the identity power behind Lin Keting, it was absolutely terrifying!
“Gentlemen, since this first stone statue has a divine weapon in it, it is estimated that there are definitely good things within the other stone statues as well, now let’s open it up and take a look, no one is allowed to fight for it, the rules are still the same.”
Lin Keting said towards the crowd!
The crowd all nodded, who would dare to fight for it, the right blind elder was holding a sword, eyeing it intently from the side, whoever made a move would be chopped by a sword!
Seeing the crowd all agree, Lin Keting looked to the right blind elder and said, “Right blind elder, you ……”
“I’ll do it this time ……”
Chen Ping didn’t wait for Lin Keting to finish and directly stood out!
He also wanted to try his sword intent to see if he could cut through the stone statue in front of him.
Lin Keting nodded, then waved her hand for the Right Blind Elder to retreat!
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Slashing Sword, he did not know how to explode his sword intent, and when he had beheaded those Sand Scorpions, he had also made his moves based on his feelings!
Now if he were to deliberately display his sword intent, Chen Ping would not necessarily be able to do so.
Chen Ping stared at the stone statue dead on, and fiercely chopped out with his sword!
“Chop ……”
Accompanied by Chen Ping’s roar, the Dragon Chopping Sword ruthlessly chopped onto the stone statue!
The head of the stone statue was directly split into pieces, but the body of the stone statue was not damaged in any way.
Just now, Chen Ping had only used brute force and directly chopped on that stone statue.
It did not exert any sword intent.
However, to be able to split the stone statue’s head with brute force alone, that was still remarkable.
“Kid, you can’t exert sword intent?”
Seeing this, the Right Blind Elder asked in a slightly mocking manner.
Chen Ping did not say anything, instead, he once again used his Dragon Slashing Sword to slash towards the stone statue.
Clang clang clang …………
Chen Ping chopped several swords in a row, and although the stone statue was finally chopped and shattered, none of them were chopped with sword intent, and all of them were hard smashed by Chen Ping with brute force!
If it was not for the Dragon Chopper Sword being a divine weapon, smashing the stone statue open in this manner, it was estimated that the sword in his hand would have to be damaged as well.
The stone statue shattered, and inside was a battle axe, glowing with a cold light.
Lin Keting used the same way to sell this battle axe, of course the spirit stones were shared equally by everyone!
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, his emotions hadn’t been very high, he didn’t understand why he suddenly couldn’t perform his sword intent anymore.
“Senior, what exactly is that sword intent?”
Chen Ping could only ask the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to see if he understood it or not.
“Don’t ask me, how would I understand that thing, I can’t use it ah, who can seal my strength ah.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch hurriedly shook his head!
However, what he also said was true, if the strength was all there and it wasn’t sealed, where would one use the sword intent.
Something like Sword Intent, it is estimated that it is used the most in the secular world, after all, they are all ordinary people, and don’t have spiritual power to assist them, so they can only rely on cultivating Sword Intent to enhance their strength.
It should be the kind of realm similar to the human sword unity.
While Chen Ping was contemplating on sword intent, the third stone statue was also opened by Right Blind Elder, and then the contents were sold.
Chen Ping didn’t do anything, and by the time he reacted, he had already earned hundreds of thousands of spirit stones for nothing.
However, Chen Ping didn’t seem to be happy, after all, he had just made those few blows himself, which was a bit humiliating.