The middle-aged man’s eyes went red when he saw the weapons all over the ground!
However, soon, his eyes were also attracted to the spirit beast eggs with strange patterns!
Seeing that both Chen Ping and Luo Xi were only cultivators who had just stepped into the Transition Realm not long ago, the middle-aged man was much more relieved in his heart!
“Both of you get lost right now, hand over everything here and I can let you not die, otherwise I’ll slap you down and you’ll both die.”
The middle-aged man threatened Chen Ping and Luo Xi!
“We will never hand it over to you.”
Luo Xi said with an icy face!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, went against the norm and showed a somewhat frightened expression and said “This Taoist friend, we only found this place by chance, we can give you everything, but you must promise not to kill us.”
The middle-aged man saw that Chen Ping was so sensible, he nodded his head and said “That’s for sure, we have no grievances, I came to the Divine and Demonic Battlefield to pick up treasures, not to kill people, as long as you guys behave yourselves, I won’t kill you.”
“Then good, we will hand over the things now ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and glanced at Luo Xi, “Let’s go, the formation has broken, we can’t stop him at all.”
Luo Xi was astonished and looked at Chen Ping incredulously, she didn’t understand how Chen Ping suddenly became like this?
Wasn’t it a little too wimpy?
Although the other party was at the strength of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, but with Chen Ping’s skills, it wasn’t like he couldn’t fight after a cultivator at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm!
How could he admit his weakness before even making a move?
However, Luo Xi did not say anything and could only follow Chen Ping out of the formation!
Seeing Chen Ping and Luo Xi walk out, the middle-aged man used his divine sense to test the formation and found that the formation had indeed been broken!
Looking at the weapons all over the ground, as well as the spirit beast eggs, the middle-aged man excitedly laughed out loud “hahahaha, rich, rich ah ……”
Although most of these weapons are broken, but after all, is the immortal use of divine weapons, even if there is some damage, that is also much stronger than the average weapon!
Chen Ping looked at the middle-aged man’s excitement, so he pulled Luo Xi and prepared to leave!
“Wait ……”
The middle-aged man called Chen Ping to a halt!
“We’ve given you our stuff, what else do you want?”
Chen Ping asked the middle-aged man!
“What about it?” The middle-aged man let out a sneer “Of course it is to kill you guys, there are too many things here, if I were to take them away, it would take time, but the two of you know about this place, if I let the two of you go, wouldn’t the others follow?”
“Don’t worry, the two of us will not say anything.”
Chen Ping assured!
“Hahaha, I am only assured of the dead.”
The middle-aged man laughed!
Seeing that the middle-aged man had gone back on his word to kill them, Chen Ping however calmed down and said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised, “I knew that there was no way that you would let us go, since you want to kill me, it is normal for me to kill you now.”
“Hmph, you’re a tiny Transition Realm 1st Grade cultivator, you also want to kill me?”
The middle-aged man snorted coldly, simply not believing that Chen Ping was capable of killing himself.
“Don’t you think that I still handed you over and let you walk into this formation knowing that you would definitely kill us?”
Chen Ping grinned a somewhat sinister smile!
As the middle-aged man looked at Chen Ping’s smile, his heart was violently startled!
And right at this moment, the middle-aged man’s facial expression started to become hideous, and then he screamed miserably.
“Ah …… my head, my head ……”
The middle-aged man screamed miserably, only feeling that there were worms crawling in his head, eating away at his divine sense!
“Mr Chen, what is he …… doing?”
Luo Xi asked in disbelief as she saw the middle-aged man suddenly look like he had gone mad!
“He has been poisoned by my Golden Silkworm Compulsion, it won’t take long for him to become a puppet shell.”
Chen Ping explained!