Chen Ping and the others felt a burst of pressure come down, that High Priest and Daniel instantly fell to the ground, they simply could not carry the pressure of this formation!
Seeing the High Priest follow Daniel instantly on the ground, Omar laughed wildly, “Hahahaha, you blind old man, how dare you come here if you don’t take care of yourself in the Burning Heaven Divine Church.”
The High Priest was trembling with anger at the insult, but there was nothing he could do, he was directly pressed into motion by the terrifying pressure!
As Chen Ping looked at Omar’s rampant look, the corners of his mouth lifted slightly, “A little spell formation, do you want to stop me too?”
With that, Chen Ping suddenly appeared in his hand, followed by raising the Dragon Chopping Sword high, his terrifying spiritual power soaring!
“Give me a break ……”
Chen Ping roared, followed by a terrifying and ferocious aura that instantly emanated from Chen Ping’s body.
Even through the spell formation, Omar and Andrew, they all felt a burst of oppression.
There were a few moments of incredulity in Omar’s eyes, knowing that he was a Martial Marquis strength Bear, whether from physical strength or power, they were stronger than ordinary people.
And they were still separated by the Mountain Protection Formation, but the terrifying aura from Chen Ping was as if it was unblocked!
Just as Omar was filled with confusion, the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand had already cut down with a single blow!
Boom!
The whole mountain shook, and under Chen Ping’s sword, the spell formation began to shine with light, and the shield, which was like a gla*s shield, appeared with tiny cracks!
Under this sword blast, the pressure emitted by the mountain protection formation instantly disappeared, which also made Daniel and the High Priestess, who were lying on the ground, slowly stand up.
Looking at the cracked spell formation, Omar’s eyes were wide with disbelief, knowing that it had taken countless crystals and a month to set up this spell formation.
The second priest had once said that such a spell formation could not be broken even by hundreds or thousands of Martial Masters, it was as solid as gold!
But with a single stroke of the sword, the formation had been scarred!
Omar’s confidence at the beginning of his journey was now severely shattered!
He didn’t know if the spell formation could still hold up to a single blow, and he didn’t know if he would be a match for the young man in front of him.
Just as Omar was thinking wildly!
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was once again raised, a golden dragon wrapped around the Dragon Cutting Sword, followed by a swing from Chen Ping, and the golden dragon roared out!
Boom!
The golden dragon struck the spell formation, and instantly the golden dragon disappeared as a speck of light, while the spell formation also disappeared without a trace under this violent impact ……
The first thing that happened was that Omar’s mouth was open and his face was full of surprise!
Chen Ping did not pay attention to the astonished Omar, but walked towards Andrew with a face full of anger, and then picked up Andrew with a hand, and directly picked him up!
“Take me to Anna, if Anna has a slip up, you know the consequences ……”
Chen Ping finished, and directly let go of his hand, letting Andrew fall to the ground!
Andrew didn’t say anything, but still silently climbed up, then turned around and walked towards the entrance of the ruins!
Chen Ping’s disregard for Omar instantly aroused Omar’s anger.
As a warrior of the highest honour of the Bearmen, Omar had never suffered such disregard and humiliation!
“Kid, how dare you ignore me, do you think I’m afraid of you ……”
With that, Omar slammed his palm with indignation, directly towards Chen Ping.
Omar knew that Chen Ping’s strength was not bad, so he used his full strength as soon as he struck. As a warrior of the Bear People, Omar’s palm was afraid that it had the strength of ten thousand pounds.
Chen Ping frowned slightly and didn’t even look at Omar as he casually waved a palm, following Omar’s palm and colliding with it.