Wrapped in light, only a golden dragon slowly emerged behind Chen Ping, a mighty and majestic golden dragon, hovering above Chen Ping’s head, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body was now in full bloom!
The golden light flashed so brightly that everyone had to close their eyes, even that Tiger Li Daxian had to retreat one after another!
“Golden Dragon True Body, good flesh body, really good flesh body, hahahaha …………”
Tiger Li Daxian laughed crazily, the greed in his eyes radiating out without any concealment!
Chen Ping’s body began to glow with scales, his imperishable golden body activated, and then his gaze was blazing as he looked at Tiger Li Daxian.
“Who is the master behind you? You, a demonic beast, could never have such great power ……”
Chen Ping stepped forward and asked at that Tiger Li Daxian.
“If you want to know, then defeat me, defeat me and I will naturally tell you ……”
Tiger Li Daxian’s body radiated fighting spirit, followed by an explosive shout, his body instantly turned into a black shadow, his body was spinning rapidly!
As Tiger Li Daxian spun faster and faster, a black hole similar to a space-time tunnel actually appeared in mid-air!
The black hole carried an extremely strong devouring power, seemingly wanting to swallow up everything!
The whole Penglai Island unexpectedly began to slowly fall into darkness, and everyone acted in a panic!
“As I said, I am the master here, and all are my people ……”
Tiger Li Daxian said as the scepter in his hand was raised towards the sky, the scepter instantly emitted a glow that went straight into that black hole!
The light then exploded in the black hole, giving off radiant colours!
Everyone looked up at the vision in mid-air!
But no one noticed that on everyone’s bodies, they all began to emit bits of light that were absorbed by that black hole.
Even Du Ziteng’s father and son were no exception.
When Chen Ping saw this, he frowned, this was sucking in the spiritual energy of everyone on the entire Penglai Island, and when all these spiritual energy came together, it would be very terrifying.
Slowly, a rumbling sound was emitted from the black hole, like the sound of thunder!
Suddenly ……
Ka!
A blinding light shot out from the black hole, like a bolt of lightning, and instantly struck Chen Ping’s body!
This Tiger Li Daxian had actually gathered the power of the entire Penglai Island crowd to deal with Chen Ping.
The moment that light struck Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping froze, the feeling like the sky was falling down made Chen Ping’s body tremble slightly!
The imperishable golden body was instantly shattered and directly dissipated, but Chen Ping’s body did not suffer any serious damage!
After the blow, Tiger Li Daxian casually stroked his hand and the black hole in mid-air slowly disappeared, the sky regained itself and the sun shone in!
“If I kill you, it would be like crushing an ant, you behave now and do as I say, I can keep your soul and find you a physical body again ……”
Tiger Li Daxian said with a lofty stance.
The reason he didn’t hurt Chen Ping was because he needed this flesh body of Chen Ping and couldn’t damage it!
“Big talk ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes gaped as the power of the divine Dragon instantly condensed on his two fists!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
A light wrapped around Chen Ping’s fists, followed by an overwhelming and terrifying force that instantly headed towards that Tiger Li Daxian!
When Tiger Li Daxian saw this, his brow surprisingly frowned slightly, “You actually know the Holy Light Fist, what a surprise ……”
After saying that, Tiger Li Daxian pushed his palm forward and a barrier appeared in front of him out of thin air.
Boom!
With a loud sound, that barrier was instantly shattered.
The terrifying force directly shook the entire mansion incessantly and looked like it was about to collapse!
Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes grew hotter and hotter, “I didn’t expect you to have so many secrets in you, it seems that there are quite a few old guys who survived after the God and Devil War ……”