Su Yuqi shook her head, “I’m not afraid of hardship, I just want to become a useful person, no need for you to be worrying about me ……”
Chen Ping gently swept Su Yuqi into his arms, his eyes filled with doting love, and Su Yuqi was enjoying herself for a moment.
Looking at the two people that way, Gu Ling’er inwardly a sour, finally half jokingly said: “Well, you two in front of my face spreading dog food, this is really do not take me as an outsider ah ………… ”
Su Yuqi was said by Gu Ling’er, hurriedly broke away from Chen Ping’s arms.
“I don’t treat you as an outsider, if you are envious, you can also come over and lie in Chen Ping’s arms ah, so you can also feel it ……”
Su Yuqi laughed.
“I don’t want to ……”
Gu Ling’er blushed, although she really wanted to feel in Chen Ping’s arms, but she couldn’t, she couldn’t get past that hurdle in her own heart.
But whenever she remembered that night in the provincial capital, when Chen Ping was holding her almost naked self, feeling the warmth of Chen Ping’s chest, Gu Ling’er felt that was the safest moment.
As Chen Ping looked at both Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, an evil thought suddenly popped up in his mind, if both women could really jump into his arms and hug him left and right, it should feel wonderful, right?
After all, Chen Ping was a man and it was normal for him to have such a thought, plus Su Yuqi always jokingly mentioned that the two of them would take care of Chen Ping together, so that’s why Chen Ping suddenly had this thought.
But the thought was only a flash, and Chen Ping hurriedly sat back down on the sofa to hide his embarra*sment.
“Chen Ping, that Song Damingxing has delivered all the stones you need and they are all stacked up inside the courtyard, you have seen them all, right?”
At this time, Su Yuqi asked Chen Ping.
“Well, I saw it ……,” Chen Ping nodded his head.
“That Song Damingxing is so big that she personally came to give you the stones, she really values you, if I hadn’t stopped her, she would have sent these stones to Kyoto for you ……”
Su Yuqi was full of jealousy when she said this.
“Uh …………”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, he didn’t expect Song Tie to want to send the spirit stones to him to Kyoto, but fortunately he didn’t, otherwise if those immortal cultivators in Kyoto noticed, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to keep this spirit stone mine, after all, these were the favorite of immortal cultivators.
Su Yuqi followed Gu Ling’er until late. Under Gu Ling’er’s guidance, Su Yuqi cooked the dinner, but this time it was quite okay.
After Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er left, Chen Ping didn’t rest anymore, he sat on the bed with his knees crossed, but he ran the Heart Condensation Technique and sucked all the spiritual energy emitted from the spirit stones into his body.
When Su Yuqi left, Chen Ping had explained that he had to cultivate in the next few days and would not let Su Yuqi disturb him, so he could keep cultivating in the next few days.
But just three days after Chen Ping’s cultivation, an important event happened in Kyoto and even in the entire martial arts world, Qin Xiaolin, the head of the Qin family, came out of the gate early.
Along with Qin Xiaolin’s departure, a challenge letter was posted on the entire Daxia Martial Dao Forum, which instantly set Chen Ping, who was only somewhat famous in Jiangbei, on fire throughout the martial dao world.
“Who is this Chen Ping? How come I’ve never heard of him in the martial arts world?”
“Someone who is worthy of a challenge from the Qin family’s master is certainly not a generalist, it’s just a pity that I’ve never heard of this name!”
“Isn’t he a member of my martial art? Is it a warlock? Or a warrior from another country?”
“This Chen Ping has some fame in Jiangbei, he once defeated Jiang Zhengde at a martial arts alliance conference in Jiangbei province in Jiangnan, he also defeated several sect masters from the Qin family, he almost unified the martial arts world in Jiangbei, no one dares to mess with him, I guess because of this, the Qin family head challenged him.”
“Upstairs, you pull back, the Qin family head hasn’t been so idle, it’s because Chen Ping killed Qin Feng and Qin Gang of the Qin family, directly making the Qin family extinct, which caused Qin Xiaolin to come out early to seek revenge on Chen Ping.”
“………………”