It was easy to erase the memories of ordinary people, but to erase the memories of cultivators in the sea of consciousness, it was extremely difficult and costly!
It was only after several hours that Chen Ping withdrew his hand, and his entire body was drenched in sweat!
“Elder Miao, I have erased Miss Miao’s memories, whether or not I can retain the most basic memories can only be known when she wakes up!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and sat down on a chair with his bum!
He was simply too tired and extremely depleted!
Elder Miao looked at Chen Ping in that manner and was filled with gratitude, “Mr Chen, thank you, whether Miao Miao recognises me or not, I will keep her well!”
Just then, Miao Miao slowly opened her eyes.
Seeing Miao Miao waking up, Miao Lao nervously rushed over, he didn’t know if his granddaughter still recognised him!
When Miao Miao saw Miao Lao, she softly shouted, “Grandpa ……”
When Miao Lao heard this, he immediately agreed happily, and his tears couldn’t stop flowing outwards!
“Grandpa, why are you crying? Where are we?”
Miao Miao got up and helped Miao Lao wipe his tears and asked!
“Grandpa is fine, I’ll take you home now!”
Miao Lao was simply overjoyed to see that his granddaughter still recognised him!
Chen Ping was also relieved that Miao Miao still had the most basic memories, so he didn’t need to be guided by Miao Lao in a slow manner!
“Mr Chen, thank you so much ……”
After finishing his speech, Elder Miao even directly knelt down for Chen Ping!
“Old Miao, it’s just a matter of raising your hand!”
Chen Ping hurriedly supported Old Man Miao, not letting him kneel down!
“Grandpa, who is this man? Why are you kneeling for him?”
Miao Miao looked at Chen Ping in confusion, she did not understand why her grandfather was kneeling to such a young man like Chen Ping!
“Miao Miao, this is Mr Chen, a valued member of our family, he ……”
Miao Lao was about to introduce Chen Ping after Miao Miao, but was interrupted by Chen Ping, “Miao Lao, it is better not to say too much to Miss Miao, let’s forget what she can remember so that she doesn’t fall into memories.”
Upon hearing this, Elder Miao hurriedly kept his mouth shut!
“Elder Miao, I wonder where you’re going next?”
“If you don’t have a place to go, you can stay here, the house here is spacious enough anyway.”
Chen Ping asked!
“Thank you Mr Chen, I’m going to take Miao Miao home, I won’t be taking her around in the future.”
Miao Lao said!
“Good thing too, the world is dangerous, it’s better to live peacefully is the main thing.”
Chen Ping sighed lightly, the perils of the Celestial Realm were a thousand times more powerful than the secular world!
In the Celestial Realm there were simply no rules to speak of, strength was everything!
Whereas the secular world at least had laws to restrain it from being so chaotic!
Elder Miao left with Miao Miao, while Chen Ping swallowed a large number of pills, and also set up a Spirit Gathering Formation, Chen Ping would need to take a good rest before he could recover again!
And just as Chen Ping was resting, in the area where they lived, the only three-storey building was lit up even though it was late at night.
This was the residence that Pill God Island had prepared for Su Tianshuo, the President of the Western Region Pill Masters’ Association, how to say that Su Tianshuo had indeed contributed a lot to the Pill Masters’ Conference of Pill God Island this time!
In the hall of the room, Su Tianshuo sat quietly, while across from Su Tianshuo, sat a dozen people!
These people were all the heads of the major medicinal families, including two of the four major medicinal families of Yongle City!
Bao Longxing, the head of the Bao Family, and Diao Changmin, the head of the Diao Family.
On the other hand, the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family were not present!
All of them were stony-faced as they looked at Su Tianshuo in front of them!
“Gentlemen, I’ve gathered you all here, so I’m sure you all know what it’s because of.”
“This Pill Master Conference is by no means as simple as it appears to be, I’ll tell you honestly, those of us who have come here, I’m afraid that half of us are going to die on this Pill God Island.”
Su Tianshuo slowly opened his mouth in the middle of a moment of silence!