Qin Xiaotian stood up with a gloomy face, “Laying a feng shui formation on top of this piece of rotten wood?”
Qin Xiaotian threw the eight trigrams plate directly in front of Zou Zhaolong!
Zou Zhaolong was stunned, and then hurriedly said, “Boss Qin, what do you mean by that?”
“What do I mean, aren’t you clear?” Qin Xiaotian’s eyes were filled with killing intent as he said.
Zou Zhaolong frowned slightly, “Boss Qin, you can’t listen to other people’s nonsense, this Eight Trigrams Plate is a top grade magic weapon, you all just watched Master Yuan demonstrate it!”
Zou Zhaolong thought that Qin Xiaotian’s change in attitude was because he had listened to what Chen Ping had said!
“Humph, I don’t need to listen to anyone, I’ll just listen to you!”
Qin Xiaotian said, taking out his mobile phone and starting to play the conversation between Zou Zhaoge and Yuan Baozhong just now!
Qin Xiaotian had just recorded it on his mobile phone in order to confront Zou Zhaolong so that Zou Zhaolong wouldn’t deny it!
The first time I heard the conversation played on the phone, Zou Zhaolong was directly dumbfounded, he didn’t understand how Qin Xiaotian could know what he and Yuan Baozhong said in the bathroom!
And that Yuan Baozhong frowned slightly, a pair of eyes scanned over Zou Zhaolong’s body, and fiercely swung a hand over Zou Zhaolong’s body!
“Kid, you actually put a sound transmission formation on us?”
Yuan Baozhong looked at Chen Ping angrily!
It turned out that when Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong got up to leave for the washroom, Chen Ping had placed a sound transmission formation on Zou Zhaolong’s body, which was why their voices had reached the room!
“If you hadn’t gotten carried away, what would be the use of me laying a sound transmission array?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping was right, if these two people hadn’t gotten carried away and started blurting out everything in the washroom without a care in the world, what was the use of this sound transmission array!
“Kid, you’re looking for death ……”
At this point Yuan Baozhong was already burning with rage, looking at Chen Ping with dead eyes!
Zou Zhaolong was also looking at Chen Ping angrily, hating to eat Chen Ping up, so hard to make the bureau, originally planned to cheat this time after, never come to the capital again, but unexpectedly by Chen Ping this kid ruined!
This was ten billion, ten billion, and if he got his hands on it, it would be easier than any other business to make money!
“I’m just stating a fact, I’m not tearing you guys down, otherwise how else could you have gotten the five billion!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“But there’s still five billion that hasn’t arrived, and it’s all because of you ……”
Yuan Baozhong gritted his teeth and roared sternly, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping, the Qin family’s other five billion, might have arrived soon!
“If you want to trouble me, I can accompany you, but you guys should finish following the Qin family first ……”
Chen Ping said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised!
It was then that Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong remembered Qin Xiaotian, who at that moment had long been glaring at the two angrily!
“Boss Qin, don’t listen to that kid’s nonsense, even if this eight trigrams plate is rotten wood, with Master Yuan around, I can have him lay a feng shui formation on it that’s all!”
Zou Zhaolong said to Qin Xiaotian!
“Cut the crap and return the money to me ……”
Qin Xiaotian said in an icy voice as he pressed the hilt of his sword at his waist!
Zou Zhaolong frowned, the money was already in his hand, where was the sense in returning it!
“Boss Qin, you bought the item of your own free will, I didn’t force you to do so, and you also found a master eye reader yourself, it’s your own blindness, what’s it to me? Once my things are sold, there are no refunds or exchanges ……”
Zou Zhaolong said in a cold voice, with Yuan Baozhong around, he wasn’t afraid of Qin Xiaotian at all, even if this was Kyoto, Qin Xiaotian’s territory, he still wasn’t afraid, that’s why this time he brought Yuan Baozhong with him!
“Since that’s the case, then I’ll let you guys not be able to leave Kyoto ……”
Qin Xiaotian said and drew out his soft sword with a buzz, a burst of blinding light emanated from that sword, at a glance this soft sword was no ordinary product!