Right at this moment, Mu Yao and the others, however, had already chased after them, followed by a desperate attack of flames towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping utilised the Royal Fire Steps and quickly dodged!
“All of you pay attention to me, don’t break the statue, that kid has the statue in his hands, if the statue is broken, what the hell!”
Mu Nai Yi yelled!
Once Mu Yao heard this, he hurriedly told the crowd to stop, any desperately chased after Chen Ping, wanting to stop him!
Mu Naiyi’s figure was also moving rapidly!
Whoosh!
Suddenly, Chen Ping only felt that behind him, an aura arrived instantaneously.
Without even looking, Chen Ping’s figure flickered, followed by a palm slapping out backwards!
A fiery flame formed a witnessed wall behind Chen Ping, temporarily blocking Mu Yao and the others!
However, just as Chen Ping slapped his palm out, several figures appeared in front of him at the same time!
It was none other than Mu Yao with a few members of the Mu family!
The several people did not attack at Chen Ping, but instead struck out at the same time, heading straight for the statue in Chen Ping’s hand!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s figure instantly descended and smashed heavily on top of the ground!
The ground actually suddenly sank, forming a deep pit as a large amount of aura continued to rush up into the sky!
Chen Ping’s body was rushed up by this breath!
“What a rich Immortal Qi ……”
Chen Ping could not help but look downwards, only to see that in the deep pit, Immortal Qi flowed and took on a purple-brown colour, this was the first time Chen Ping had ever seen such a colour of Immortal Qi!
Immortal qi was like spiritual qi, it was colourless and tasteless, but the immortal qi here had a colour, it should be caused by being too dense!
These immortal qi coalesced into a liquid state and looked like a pool of water!
“Could it be that the Immortal Qi in that mansion flows from here?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with shock!
“This should be the Immortal Qi Pool of the Wuji Sacred Sect, for a sect as large as the Wuji Sacred Sect, disciples need a large amount of Immortal Qi to cultivate.”
“And in this chaotic place, there is no immortal qi at all to obtain cultivation resources, so the Wuji Sacred Sect should have constructed this immortal qi pool before coming to this place.”
“And this Immortal Qi Pool is still concealed, hidden underground, so it hasn’t been discovered.”
“It seems that with the long ages, the Immortal Qi Pool has been damaged, and that is why the Immortal Qi leaked out and flowed into that mansion!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord analysed it for Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, his entire heart jumped!
An Immortal Qi Pool of the Wuji Holy Sect, how terrifying should this be, how much Immortal Qi was stored in here?
Moreover, all of this Immortal Qi had already liquefied, proving that the Immortal Qi had reached a certain level of intensity!
If Chen Ping hadn’t quickly smashed down to the ground in order to avoid Mu Yao and the others from grabbing the statue, I’m afraid that this pool of Immortal Qi wouldn’t have been exposed!
Chen Ping’s body descended once again, directly plopping down into the Immortal Qi Pool!
As for Mu Naiyi and Mu Yao and the others who had rushed over, they looked at the pool of Immortal Qi that appeared purple-brown in colour, and for a moment, they were somewhat at a loss for words!
“What is this? How did a pool of water suddenly appear?”
Mu Naiyi didn’t realise that these flows were Immortal Qi and thought it was a pool of water!
“Eldest Miss, it doesn’t look like a pool of water, it seems to be some sort of aura ……”
Mu Yao felt the stream of aura that rose up to the sky.
Suddenly Mu Yao’s eyes opened roundly and said “Missy, this …… will not be immortal gas?”
“Immortal Qi?”
Mu Naiyi froze!
“Yes, this Wuji Sacred Sect should be a Heavenly Realm Sect, this place is full of Immortals, then they would definitely use Immortal Qi for their cultivation.”
“Could this place be the Wuji Sacred Sect’s resource sanctuary, the sacred pool that stores immortal qi?”
Mu Yao analysed!
He didn’t understand Immortal Qi and hadn’t felt it before, so he was only guessing!
“Send someone down to try and find out!”
Mu Naiyi finished, then looked at a member of the Mu family and said “You go and test it out ……”