“D*mn it, give me chase ……”
Tong Youkong bellowed angrily and led his men to start chasing towards Chen Ping!
“Senior brother, what do we do?”
Liu Rui asked as she turned to Liu Xing.
“Let’s also chase after him, we can’t let the Heavenly Thunder Sect take this guy away, this guy is an evil cultivator, if he is taken away by the Heavenly Thunder Sect, the Heavenly Thunder Sect will definitely use him.”
“We can’t let the evil cultivator resurface ……”
Liu Xing said, directly flying with his sword, also towards Chen Ping in pursuit!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, sank his qi into his dantian, his spiritual energy condensed on his feet, and his whole body was like lightning as he raced forward!
Chen Ping was fast, but Tong You Gong was not slow either, and he soon caught up with Chen Ping!
“Kid, it’s your destiny to be the one who is favoured by my Heavenly Thunder Sect, so what are you running for?”
“As long as you behave yourself, my Heavenly Thunder Sect will never make things difficult for you.”
Tong Yougong was persuading Chen Ping from behind!
The reason he had taken Chen Ping away was to study Chen Ping, to find out what method Chen Ping had used to invoke such a huge amount of faith power!
There was also the evil cultivation kung fu that Chen Ping practiced, which could suck the strength of others to improve himself, a technique that Tong You Gong also wanted!
“Like I said, I don’t even care.”
Chen Ping fought to run forward, not believing that Tong You Gong’s words at all!
“Hmph, as a Martial God realm, if I were to be escaped by a little Martial Saint like you, wouldn’t it be a joke.”
After Tong Yougong finished speaking, his body leapt violently and landed directly in front of Chen Ping, blocking his path.
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only stop himself and look warily at Tong You Gong!
At this moment, the other disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect had all caught up with him, directly surrounding Chen Ping!
Chen Ping swept a glance, knowing that he was afraid that it would be difficult for him to escape today, so he said in a cold voice, “As a hidden sect, does your Heavenly Thunder Sect bully the young with the many?”
“If you have the guts, the two of us will fight one on one.”
Chen Ping knew that he could not escape and had only one battle to fight, so he wanted to stimulate Tong Youkong into fighting with him alone!
If all these people from the Heavenly Thunder Sect came together, Chen Ping wouldn’t have the slightest chance of winning!
“Hmph, against you, there is no need to bully the few with the many, I am sufficient by myself.”
Tong Youkong snorted coldly, then turned to his men and said, “You all stand down, let me subdue this brat.”
The Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples all nodded, then retreated to the side. Seeing this, Chen Ping directly sacrificed the Dragon Chopping Sword, his Unbreakable Golden Body activated, and brought his aura to its fullest!
The Dragon Cutting Sword kept buzzing, a shadow appeared, and the sword spirit was summoned by Chen Ping!
Facing Tong You Gong, Chen Ping knew he had to go all out, and it would be best if he could defeat his enemy in one move!
Tong Youkong looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, his eyes filled with greed.
“You kid are not very strong, but you do have a lot of treasures on you, but these treasures will soon be mine.”
After saying that, Tong You Gong’s body rushed towards Chen Ping abruptly, his speed was as fast as it could be.
Chen Ping only felt a shimmering silhouette, and that Tong You Gong had already reached his eyes, his speed was so fast that it was staggering.
Chen Ping instinctively swung out his sword, a dragon roar sounded out, and a terrifying sword aura instantly shot out!
In the face of Chen Ping’s sword mane, Tong You Gong actually did not dodge or dodge, but quickly kicked out!
With this kick, a ball of condensed energy was seen like a cannonball, viciously following the sword mane and colliding with it!
Boom!
There was a violent explosion, and the fallout instantly stirred up a burst of debris!
Chen Ping took several steps back, his hand trembling slightly as he gripped the Dragon Cutting Sword!
Tong You Gong landed in front of Chen Ping, the corners of his mouth curled up in a cold smile!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he was now holding the Dragon Cutting Sword and had even sacrificed his sword spirit, but he had fallen behind, so he could see that this Tong You Gong’s strength was truly remarkable!