Chen Ping, at this moment, inadvertently displayed the token of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty towards Gu Tianzhao, who instantly understood what it meant!
But before Gu Tianzhao could speak, there was a loud boom!
The fire dragon scroll instantly exploded, and the hunchbacked old man angrily rushed out of the fire dragon scroll!
At this time, that hunchbacked old man was burnt to pitch black, and his clothes were in tatters, just like a beggar!
“Kid, I’m going to kill you ……”
The hunchbacked old man’s eyes were scarlet red, his teeth clenched as he slammed his fist towards Chen Ping!
As an elder of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect himself, a cultivator of the First Grade of the Mahayana Realm, yet he was sneak attacked and made such a mess, this made the hunchbacked old man furious!
As for Chen Ping, he did not care in the slightest about the hunchbacked old man’s attack, and there was a few hints of disdain on his face!
Golden light flowed from Chen Ping’s body, and the Undying Golden Body began to cover Chen Ping’s entire body little by little!
Seeing this scene, Mu Qiufeng directly froze!
“Elder Li, stop ……”
Mu Qiufeng leapt forward and directly stopped the hunchbacked elder!
“Patriarch, don’t stop me, I must take this breath today!”
The hunchbacked elder was in a hurry!
“Elder Li, don’t get angry first, this brat’s identity isn’t simple, wait until the identity is determined.”
Mu Qiufeng blocked the hunchbacked elder and said!
The hunchbacked elder glanced at Chen Ping and found that Chen Ping had long since covered himself in gold armour at this point, with a look of awe and contempt in his eyes!
Seeing this scene, the hunchbacked old man stopped his hand, and he also realised that Chen Ping was indeed somewhat uncomplicated!
How could a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm have such guts?
Unless he was backed by a powerful clan!
They wouldn’t dare to provoke that kind of terrifying clan, at that time, even if they, the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, escaped here, they were afraid that they would still be unable to escape death!
“If you dare to provoke me for a moment, I will peel off your skin and let you be buried in this ocean!”
Chen Ping said to the hunchbacked old man!
“You ……”
When the hunchbacked old man saw Chen Ping talking about himself like that, he was instantly enraged!
However, he was stopped by Mu Qiufeng and could not move his hand!
“Calm down, this kid’s identity is definitely not simple, wait until I ask.”
“If he doesn’t have any identity, it’s not too late for you to make a move.”
Mu Qiufeng persuaded the hunchbacked old man!
The hunchbacked old man could only nod, right now, even if he was angry, he could only listen to Mu Qiufeng!
“This fellow Daoist, just now it was our Elder who took the liberty, I’m really sorry.”
“I just don’t know what is the identity of this fellow Daoist ah? So young in age, yet he has such a big temper?”
Mu Qiufeng looked at Chen Ping and asked!
Chen Ping just coldly glanced at Mu Qiufeng and did not speak, that expression was one of despising Mu Qiufeng from the bottom of his heart!
Mu Qiufeng was slightly stunned, Gu Tianzhao spoke up at this time, “Patriarch Mu, truth be told, we came to this sea this time, mainly to accompany your son for some training, only for security reasons, that’s why your son didn’t come out in the cabin.”
“Oh? Someone who can make the Gu Sect Master of the Two Yi Sect call him a gongzi, I’m sure he must be very powerful, right?”
Mu Qiufeng asked!
“Patriarch Mu, I wonder if you have heard of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
Gu Tianzhao said with a faint smile!
Mu Qiufeng’s face changed, his expression became a little tense, then he nodded and said, “Of course I’ve heard of it, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty is the biggest force in the Western Continent Continent, even in the Celestial Realm, I’m afraid that the clans that can follow the Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s comparison can be counted on one hand.”
“Hahaha, since you know about the Xiao Imperial Dynasty it’s good!”Gu Tianzhao laughed out loud!
“What? Could it be that this is the prince of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
Mu Qiufeng’s eyes widened!
“Not bad, this is precisely the imperial son of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and we are just collecting money to do our job.”Gu Tianzhao nodded!