Qin Xiaoxian’s Martial Sect Qi began to erupt, and a raging wind began to blow through the entire hall!
Looking at Qin Xiaoxian’s crazed appearance, Chen Ping pressed his palm downwards and a golden light, visible to the naked eye, directly imprisoned Qin Xiaoxian, and the aura of Qin Xiaoxian’s body instantly disappeared without a trace!
Qin Xiaoxian’s body was tightly imprisoned by this golden light, and a huge pressure was constantly coming from all around!
It was like two cars driving at high speed, sandwiching Qin Xiaoxian in the middle!
Qin Xiaoxian gritted his teeth and desperately resisted the pressure!
Soon, Qin Xiaoxian’s seven orifices began to bleed, and his body twisted and distorted!
Boom!
There was another loud bang, as if a balloon had been punctured!
Qin Xiaoxian’s entire body was directly burst by the immense pressure, and the bloody aura instantly filled the air!
Those members of the Qin family who saw this scene were all scared and ran away straight away.
A few senior members of the Bai family were finally left behind to look at the scene in front of them in shock.
“Elder Bai, the Qin family brothers are dead, I hope that you can use the fastest speed to annex the Qin family ……”
Chen Ping looked towards Bai Xiushan and said.
Bai Xiushan was still in shock, when he heard Chen Ping say so, he nodded his head repeatedly, “Good good ……”
“From now on, your Bai family will be my spokesperson in the Kyoto business circle, afterwards I will announce it in the media, if old Bai has doubts, he can raise them now, if I wait for me to announce it, I am afraid the Bai family will have to be prepared to bear multiple blows!”
Chen Ping said directly after Bai Xiushan.
Since Chen Ping intended to follow the Martial Alliance to the end, he had to make his words clear in advance, he did not want a scene like today’s rebellion to occur in the nick of time.
“No, to be able to follow Mr. Chen’s banner is an honour for my Bai family, it is a blessing that my Bai family has cultivated for ten thousand years!”
Bai Xiushan did not hesitate in the slightest.
This was because he had witnessed Chen Ping’s growth with his own eyes, in just a few short months, Chen Ping had developed from an unknown junior to a figure that gave even the Kyoto Martial Arts Union a headache.
Chen Ping nodded in satisfaction before turning his head and sweeping a glance at those senior members of Manager Tian, and with just this glance, he scared those people into kneeling to the ground with a poof.
“Master, I’m wrong, I’m wrong, I’m all forced by that Qin Xiaotian, I have no choice, please spare me ……”
Manager Tian knelt on the ground and cried out to Bai Xiushan.
Bai Xiushan looked coldly at the few senior executives kneeling on the ground, his eyes full of killing intent, he was most ruthless in betraying his own people.
“Mr. Chen, what do you think about how to deal with these people?”
Bai Xiushan asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Now that the Bai family had come under Chen Ping’s command, there were certainly some things that they had to listen to Chen Ping about.
“You can just look after it yourself!”
Chen Ping spoke indifferently.
Bai Xiushan looked at Manager Tian, who was kneeling on the ground, and his eyes faintly stared, “Someone, drag this traitor out to me and beat him to death with a messy stick, the others confiscate all the family business and get out of the Bai Family ……”
Although Bai Xiushan was old, he was thunderous and ruthless!
But in charge of such a large family, you must be ruthless, as the saying goes, mercy does not control soldiers, righteousness does not control money ……
After dealing with several senior members of the Bai family, Chen Ping took out a small porcelain bottle from his arms.
“Zhan Tang, here are a few body training pills, with the help of the pills, you should cultivate more and improve your strength as soon as possible!”
Chen Ping knew that relying on himself alone, there was no way to protect the Bai family’s safety at all times, he had to find a way to make the Bai family’s own strength improve before he could do so.
Bai Zhan Tang excitedly accepted the Body Training Pill and thanked him repeatedly, “Thank you Mr. Chen, thank you Mr. Chen ……”
“In the future, I will ask the Pill God Valley to send pills to the Bai family on a regular basis, Bai Lao choose a few people who are gifted and smart and reliable, and raise their strength as soon as possible, it won’t be long before we might have to have a bloody battle ……”
A stern aura flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes, Chen Ping knew that it would take too long to save his mother as soon as possible, relying on his own strength alone, and he didn’t want to wait too long.
He wanted to consolidate his forces as much as possible and follow the Dragon Family in a duel to the death when the time came. It was a pity that of the thirteen halls of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, only three had been found today, and Chen Ping knew nothing about where the others were.