Long Xingxu faintly froze, followed by his eyes staring intently at Chen Ping’s back, his brow furrowed.
“Who is this guy? Do I know him? How come when I see this guy, I get a familiar feeling?”
Long Xingxu’s face was full of confusion.
At the first glance he saw Chen Ping, he surprisingly had a particularly familiar feeling, as if he had seen him from somewhere, but he could not recall.
Although Long Xingxu was a side branch, he was connected to Chen Ping by bloodline after all; Chen Ping’s mother was Long Xingxu’s aunt, and the two were cousins.
Only, at this time, these two cousins could not have any affection to speak of, both hated each other’s existence.
“Gongzi Long …………”
Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai walked over and gave a slight nod towards Long Xing Xu as a greeting.
The two were very low-key in front of Long Xingxu.
After all, in front of the Long Family genius, they couldn’t afford not to keep a low profile!
Long Xing Xu also nodded his head in greeting, and then waved his hand, letting all the people disperse.
In these few hours on the boat, Long Xingxu did not want anything to happen.
“I didn’t expect you girls, you’re quite sought after ……”
Chen Ping said somewhat sourly after he led Su Yuqi and the girls away.
Seeing Chen Ping’s look, Su Yuqi giggled, “What? Are you jealous?”
“I’m not jealous ……,” Chen Ping shook his head.
“In the whole boat, there are only three of us girls, and a few of the women are still at the level of big mothers, so of course the three of us are in demand ……”
Gu Ling’er said with a smile.
There were more than a hundred people on the whole boat, and apart from them three young girls, there really weren’t any other girls, so it was no wonder that so many people were offering their attentions.
“I think the main reason is that Sister Yuqi and Sister Ling’er are too pretty, that’s why there are so many men offering their attentions, if I were a man, I would also come over and hit on them ……”
Xiao Ru said with a sweet mouth.
“Xiao Ru is getting better and better at talking, how delightful ……”
Gu Ling’er gently stroked Xiao Ru’s head, but soon she seemed to think of something and suddenly her face became a little ugly.
“Ling’er, what’s wrong with you?” Chen Ping noticed that Gu Ling’er suddenly looked a bit off, so he asked strangely.
“Oh, nothing!” Gu Ling’er shook her head.
She was merely thinking that after ascending the Dragon Locking Island, perhaps Xiao Ru and Su Yuqi would never return, so she got sad.
Just as Chen Ping was about to ask a follow-up question, suddenly a few people in front of them blocked their way.
Chen Ping turned his head and found that it was surprisingly Qin Xiaotian who had led the men to stop them, and beside Qin Xiaotian was his second brother Qin Xiaoxian.
“Chen Ping, didn’t expect us to run into each other here, did you?”
Qin Xiaotian said with a cold smile on his face as he looked at Chen Ping.
“What do you want?” Chen Ping had seen the two Qin brothers at the hotel a long time ago, so there was nothing surprising about running into each other on the boat.
Seeing that Chen Ping was surprisingly unruffled, Qin Xiaotian frowned and said, “You killed my elder brother, aren’t you afraid when you see me?”
“I think it is you who should be afraid, right? I can kill your big brother, naturally I can also kill you, if you want the Qin family to disappear from now on, you can try to provoke me ……”
Chen Ping said with an indifferent face.
Qin Xiaotian heard, immediately angry face full of red, with a finger pointed at Chen Ping’s said: “kid, you are too wild, do not think that this period of time did not look for you, it means that our Qin family is afraid of you, today I will break you in pieces, by the way, these women around you to play …… ”
There was his second brother Qin Xiaoxian around, so Qin Xiaotian was not afraid of Chen Ping in the slightest, and the anger in his body was burning.
But just as Qin Xiaotian was about to make a move on Chen Ping, Qin Xiaoxian, who was on the side, pulled him back.