Only after looking at it for half a day, Chen Ping could not see a reason, so he could only put the shark pearl away for the time being.
Chen Ping pushed open the palace door, and a beast pellet emitted a faint glow.
Chen Ping’s divine sense was released and he launched a carpet search, he wanted to see if there was anyone else inside this City of Ultimate Bliss.
When Chen Ping’s body searched upwards, he found that he simply could not break out of this Extreme Bliss City, nor could he feel the presence of the Locked Dragon Island.
“How could the Locked Dragon Island be gone?”
Chen Ping was shocked in his heart and wanted to radiate his divine sense here, but he found that his body was already weak and his spiritual power could not support him at all.
The helpless Chen Ping could only choose to close down and cultivate to recover his strength.
Luckily, there were countless resources of beast pills here, enough for him to recover his strength!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping sat down on his knees and began to run his Heart Condensation Skill rapidly.
A large amount of spiritual qi poured in towards Chen Ping’s body ……
In the blink of an eye, another ten days had pa*sed, and there were only a few days left until the New Year.
And during these ten days, the Martial Dao world in Kyoto had been quietly changing, with the Martial Dao Alliance’s power almost reaching its peak.
This time, the expansion of the Martial Alliance had surprisingly not been stopped by the officials, and this had caused many people to talk about it!
And within the Pill God Valley, Zhao Liguo and the Four Villains were all here.
They had marshalled everyone over, in order to protect Long Wu and Gu Ling’er and the girls!
Whether it was Zhao Liguo or the Four Villains, they were all Chen Ping’s men and they knew their mission, whether Chen Ping was really dead or not, they had to protect Chen Ping’s friends and family.
Gu Ling’er’s heart was also beginning to waver, after such a long time, there was still no sign of Chen Ping, and the Martial Alliance was already preparing to start its attack on the Valley of the Wicked, and at such a juncture again, Chen Ping would definitely appear if he was really still alive.
“Chen Ping, are you …… you rare to really die?”
Gu Ling’er gazed to the east, her face full of tears.
Having known Chen Ping for so long, Gu Ling’er had followed Chen Ping all the way from Hongcheng to Kyoto, from a small agent, she was now a Martial Arts Sect, something Gu Ling’er had not even dared to think about before.
“Chen Ping, if you really die, I will definitely go with you, just wait for me ……”
Gu Ling’er’s face was ashen, her heart had already made up her mind!
………………
Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance!
Zhu Zhishan was sitting in the seat of the Alliance, his heart was screaming!
With Chen Ping dead, and now that the Martial Arts Alliance had grown to this point, Zhu Zhishan was waiting for a reward from above.
Originally, Zhu Zhishan was very disdainful of Ning Zhi, but after this time, he found out that Ning Zhi was a talented man who had everything in order!
This made Zhu Zhishan look much more relaxed, except that Zhu Zhishan did not know that the more relaxed he was, the more dangerous it would become, and when a person lost his value, it was time to lose his life.
“Master Zhu, now that almost all of the clans and families in the entire Kyoto martial arts world have joined our Martial Alliance, isn’t it time to teach a lesson to those guys who are close to Chen Ping next.”
Ning Zhi walked into the hall of the Martial Dao Alliance and said to Zhu Zhishan.
“Ning Zhi, do you have any good plans?”
Zhu Zhishan asked to Ning Zhi.
During this period of time, he had already gotten used to letting Ning Zhi make the arrangements.
“Nowadays, the Dong Family and the Ge Family are always unwilling to join our Martial Alliance, and both of these families have some influence in Kyoto, so if we strike out rashly and destroy these two families, it will definitely cause official discontent, so I’m thinking ……… …”
Ning Zhi came up to Zhu Zhishan’s ear and whispered a few words softly!
After Zhu Zhishan heard this, he suddenly laughed out loud, “Ning Zhi, you’re really something, you can even think of such a solution, you can see to it yourself ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a very satisfied wave of his hand.
The corners of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted slightly, then he turned around and left the Martial Alliance!