Hearing Zhu Ling say this, Chen Ping smiled inwardly!
“Elder sister, in fact, I’m not hiding anything from you, I’m the Chen Ping you’re talking about ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Zhu Ling in a serious manner!
When Zhu Ling heard this, she then froze, followed by a slap towards Chen Ping, “If you dare to talk nonsense, I will kill you, how can that Chen Ping be a big pervert like you.”
“You only take advantage of girls, I have yet to settle the score with you ……”
Just as Zhu Ling struck out, suddenly the sky flashed with light, followed by a roaring sound!
Zhu Ling’s face instantly changed drastically, and Chen Ping also frowned!
It turned out that Zhu Ling had just inadvertently touched the spell formation, originally Zhu Ling had a formation disc in her hand and could easily pass through the spell formation!
It was only that Zhu Ling had been careless and had just unintentionally touched the spell formation when she made her move, which caused the spell formation to activate!
Along with the activation of the spell formation, a dozen or so auras were rapidly coming this way!
“Bad, bad, this time it’s going to be discovered.”
“Senior brother, hurry up and leave, if they catch you, it will be trouble.”
Zhu Ling urged Chen Ping to leave!
“Senior sister, what are you going to do?”Chen Ping asked!
“I’m fine, they won’t dare to do anything to me, it’s you who will definitely be arrested for running here as an inner disciple.”
Zhu Ling said very anxiously!
“Senior sister, you go, I’ll stay here, if you’re discovered by them, your array disc will definitely be discovered as well, as well as the fact that you followed the old sect master to meet secretly.”
“It’s not likely that the old sect master’s recovery and the demonic souls being wiped out will be discovered as well, that would be troublesome.”
“I’m a newly arrived disciple, so I’m curious to go around, they shouldn’t suspect anything.”
Chen Ping analysed the pros and cons for Zhu Ling!
“Senior brother, this ……”
Zhu Ling also knew that what Chen Ping said was right, but letting Chen Ping stay behind and suffer alone, Zhu Ling was still a little embarrassed!
“Senior sister, I’m sure I’ll be fine, so hurry up and go!”
Chen Ping pushed Zhu Ling!
Seeing this, Zhu Ling could only nod and said to Chen Ping, “Senior brother, take care of yourself.”
“Don’t worry senior sister, I will be fine.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he fought to give Zhu Ling a push!
Zhu Ling, on the other hand, went through the spell formation and quickly ran towards her courtyard!
As for Chen Ping, when he saw that Zhu Ling was gone, he put his heart down, and then pretended to look flustered as his hands continuously touched the formation in front of him!
The formation activated and a defensive aura struck Chen Ping, directly sending him flying!
Chen Ping wanted this effect!
Just as Chen Ping was sent flying to the bottom by the formation defence, a dozen figures appeared at the same time!
“How dare you, dare to trespass into the Purple Flame Sect’s forbidden land!”
Huo Yuan Ting hung in mid-air with a furious shout!
And beside Huo Yuan Ting was that Huo Dong and a few other elders!
Elder Yu and Wei Qing were also among them!
When they saw that it was Chen Ping who had fallen to the ground, they were all shocked!
How could they not expect that Chen Ping had run here?
It also touched the formation, causing it to activate!
“Senior brother, how come it’s you? Why did you run here?”
Wei Qing asked in surprise!
“Senior brother, I woke up early and was bored so I wandered around, how would I have known that this is a forbidden place and there are formations protecting it.”
“It caused me to be sent flying by the formation, and now my body still hurts ……”
“Since it’s a forbidden place, at least put up a sign to remind ah, this messed me up and almost injured me.”
Chen Ping huffed!
Chen Ping had trespassed on the forbidden land privately, and even activated the formation, and he was even not happy about it!
Seeing Chen Ping say so, Elder Yu was also angry and laughing!