“You …… you can even move?”
The Mahayana Realm was filled with surprise!
He fought to take the bone flute over, but no matter how hard he tried, the bone flute did not move at all, he, a dignified first grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm, was actually powerless in front of Chen Ping, a seventh grade of the Transition Realm!
“This sh*tty thing of yours, still wanting to control me, thinking too beautifully, right?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
The red mist around Chen Ping’s original body instantly dissipated and became shadowless!
Right now, Chen Ping was a seventh grade of strength in the Transition Realm, and dealing with a first grade cultivator in the Mahayana Realm was just a matter of raising his hand!
For Di Chongjing to still think of controlling Chen Ping was simply delusional!
With a slight force, Chen Ping directly took the bone flute into his hands, then raised his foot and kicked it out!
Boom!
With such a close distance, Di Chong Jing was unable to dodge in time and was directly sent flying with a kick!
If it wasn’t for the Red Cloud Demon Monarch wanting this Di Chong Jing to die slowly, with this kick just now, Chen Ping would have killed him!
As Di Chong Jing flew out backwards, Chen Ping’s body followed in a rush!
Before Di Chongjing’s body could land, Chen Ping’s fist smashed again!
Boom Boom Boom ……
Chen Ping was punching and kicking towards Di Chong Jing, and Di Chong Jing was not able to fight back at all!
A Mahayana realm expert was being beaten by a cultivator of the Ferrying realm, crying out in fear and without the ability to fight back!
I’m afraid that this kind of spectacle could only be seen on Chen Ping!
When the few disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect saw this, they all turned pale with fear, and none of them dared to come forward to help Di Chongjing!
After beating Di Chongjing up, Chen Ping grabbed Di Chongjing’s collar!
Di Chongjing’s head drooped, his nose was bruised and swollen, and he had long since lost the arrogant look he had just had!
As Patriarch Jiang and the others watched this scene, they were all staggered!
This was not like a Mahayana Realm cultivator fighting, it was like a punk fight!
Di Chongjing actually did not want to be beaten like this, but when Chen Ping struck, he could not stop him!
In his heart, he also understood that Chen Ping had not killed him, and probably did not want to kill him yet!
Otherwise, with that kick just now, I’m afraid Di Chong Jing’s little life would not have been saved!
“Let me ask you, these Immortal Bones in your hand, where did you get them from?”
Chen Ping held the bone flute in his hand and asked Di Chong Jing!
“Picked them up, picked them up at the Heavenly Demon Mountain ……”
Di Chongjing said!
“Then do you still have any Immortal Bones in your hand?”
Chen Ping continued to ask!
“Nope, a section of the immortal bone was given to the Xiao Dynasty, and another section of the immortal bone was made into a bone flute by me.”
Di Chongjing answered any questions and did not dare to play any tricks.
“Then do you know where there are still immortal bones?”Chen Ping then asked!
“No …… don’t know!”
Di Chongjing shook his head, but from the tone and the look in his eyes as he answered, Chen Ping knew that this guy must have lied!
However, Chen Ping did not dismantle him, but instead directly punched a spiritual light into Di Chongjing’s body!
“What are you …… you typing into my body?”
Di Chongjing asked with some fear!
“Nothing, it’s just a lie detector, if you tell a lie, it will be painful.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and loosened Di Chong Jing straight away!
When Di Chongjing heard this, she immediately panicked a little, but she did not feel any abnormalities in her body, so she breathed a sigh of relief!
But just after breathing a sigh of relief, she suddenly felt as if her body was being scratched by a hundred claws, and her entire body was shrinking.
“It seems that you just lied, think about it yourself ……”
Chen Ping said teasingly when he saw Di Chong Jing in that state!
Di Chongjing only felt extreme pain, the veins on his forehead bulged!
After gritting his teeth and holding on for a few moments, only then did Di Chong Jing hurriedly open his mouth and said, “I know, I know, in the hands of the eldest and second elder brothers, there are still a few segments of Immortal Bones.”
As soon as Di Chongjing’s words fell, that painful feeling instantly disappeared!