In fact, while talking after the middle-aged man, Chen Ping had quietly released the Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison!
When the middle-aged man walked into the formation, the Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison instantly and silently entered the middle-aged man’s body!
However, to deal with this guy, Chen Ping used all the Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison!
Only leaving behind that Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison King Insect, all these Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poisons that he had cultivated with his own blood, now that all of them had been used, Chen Ping was also a little bit unfortunate!
But when facing a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, even if he had the Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison, he still had to have a sufficient number of them, knowing that along with the elevation of the cultivator’s realm, the Divine Sense would also become more and more powerful!
Fortunately, the Golden Silkworm Compass Poison fed by Chen Ping’s blood was more powerful, even if it was a Sixth Grade cultivator of the Transitional Realm, it would still be able to quickly eat away the Divine Sense cleanly!
After a few short minutes, the middle-aged man’s eyes were lifeless and the entire person was left as a shell!
Seeing this, Luo Xi wanted to destroy the middle-aged man’s physical body with a slap, but he was stopped by Chen Ping!
“Don’t destroy this guy’s shell, I still have a use for it.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he stepped forward and placed the middle-aged man’s carcass to the side of the formation!
Not knowing what kind of pill Chen Ping had stuffed in the middle-aged man’s mouth, only to see that from within the middle-aged man’s shell, the aura of the sixth grade of the Transitional Succession Realm was constantly emanating out!
Chen Ping began to make use of the weapons that were all over the ground again, and rearranged a formation, and the white mist once again filled and enveloped the area!
Only, this time, from within this white mist shrouded formation, the aura of the Sixth Grade of the Transition Realm was constantly spreading out in all directions!
Chen Ping was using the middle-aged man’s body to intentionally create a Transition Realm Sixth Grade cultivator to come out, so that as long as someone came and sensed that there was a Transition Realm Sixth Grade cultivator in the formation, they might just leave!
After arranging everything, Chen Ping instructed Luo Xi not to easily step out of the formation, and then continued to start absorbing Immortal Qi to cultivate!
I don’t know if it was because other people didn’t find this place, or because the aura of the sixth rank of the Ferrying Realm scared people away!
Surprisingly, no one was coming here to harass for three days, and Chen Ping was able to cultivate in peace and quiet for three days!
Even though Chen Ping’s Heart Condensing Skill was very perverse, three days had still not been able to absorb the Immortal Qi of this area cleanly!
Outside of the Divine Demon Battlefield, after the three day protection period had passed, a large number of cultivators began to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield in droves!
The cultivators within the Divine Demon Battlefield instantly became numerous!
And the Xuan Yin Sect received a large amount of various resources and spirit coins for this!
“Boss Cai, Elder Miao, the token to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, we’ve got it, we can enter now.”
Ji Yun said to Cai Hongwei and also Elder Miao after exchanging his spirit coins for the token!
The tokens for the dozen or so people in their group were all exchanged for spirit coins by Ji Yun himself!
After all, Ji Yun did not lack spirit coins, and Chen Ping had also explained that the crowd’s tokens left Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix in charge!
“Eunuch Ji, thank you so much.”
The crowd all followed Ji Yun and thanked him!
“There’s no need to thank me, this was all explained by Chen, and another thing is that after entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, it’ll randomly drop anywhere, so even if we enter together, there’s a chance that we’ll be separated.”
“I have some Voice Transmission Jade Slips here, everyone take one, if we encounter an emergency, we can inform each other.”
Ji Yun took out a bag of voice transmission jade slips and distributed them to everyone!
These sound transmission jade slips were all refined by Chen Ping, for other cultivators, these simple sound transmission jade slips would be a rarity, but for Chen Ping, it was just a matter of casually refining them.
Taking the jade slips, everyone stepped into the entrance of the Divine Demon Battlefield and entered the Divine Demon Battlefield!
And in the middle of the Divine Demon Battlefield, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes and looked at the formation where everything was as it was before, and then asked “Miss Luo, there hasn’t been any movement in the past three days, has there?”
“There was no movement outside the formation, but this spirit beast egg seems to have moved on its own.”
Luo Xi pointed at the spirit beast egg and said.