Daoist Wu Wei was somewhat unconvinced, but he didn’t know how to refute it, so he could only snort coldly, “That was guessed by you kid, I want to see what you can use to cure this Yin Cold Qi!”
“I don’t need anything, I can suck the Yin Cold Qi out of Daoist Master Bu Xu’s daughter, and I can also make her turn it into her own.”
Chen Ping said with a flat expression.
“Fine then, you come, I am going to watch you, exactly how to suck out the Yin Cold Qi!”
Daoist Wu Wei flashed out of position and said with a face full of defiance.
“None of you can watch as I heal her, because I have to undress her and it’s not convenient for you to be here!”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, Daoist Wu Wei immediately jumped up like a rat whose tail had been stepped on, “Good for you, you daring lecher, so you have come to take advantage of my niece, where is she to be treated, don’t you know that men and women are not intimate? My niece is only eighteen years old, and you want to undress her!”
Daoist Wu Wei shouted angrily, while that Daoist Master Bu Xu also frowned, his own daughter was not married yet, this if undressed and seen by a man, it would be too bad if the word got out, moreover alone man and woman, Daoist Master Bu Xu could not say what Chen Ping would do!
Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong also looked at Chen Ping strangely, not understanding why he had to take off his clothes to treat someone!
Su Yuqi even stared directly at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, are you looking at someone else’s young girl and wanting to take advantage of her?”
Chen Ping looked at the crowd with a helpless face, and found that they were all looking at him with strange eyes, so he could only explain, “I didn’t say I had to take off all my clothes, but the outer clothes must be taken off, even if they are taken off, it’s not appropriate for these men to be in the room, but if you’re afraid that I’ll do something messy, you can stay and watch me!”
Hearing Chen Ping say so, Daoist Master Bu Xu’s heart was quite relieved that his clothes were not all off, and that there was someone to keep him company, so I thought that Chen Ping would not be able to act recklessly.
“Senior brother, then we will go out and wait for a while, and see what happens later!”
Daoist Bu Xu said to Daoist Wu Wei.
“Humph, if he can’t be cured, I will never spare him today!”
Daoist Wu Wei snorted coldly, and with a flick of his dust, he was ready to go out!
But at that moment, a Daoist boy came running in in a hurry!
“Master, it’s not good, there’s a man who insists on barging in, we can’t even stop him!”
The Taoist boy was in a cold sweat, and there were still clear slap marks on his face, he should have just been beaten.
“What kind of person is so bold!”
When Daoist Master Bu Xu heard this, he became furious and scurried out in a flash!
But just as he scurried out, he was greeted back by a youth, dressed in a long shirt with a gossip pattern on his chest and his long hair coiled up, just like a Taoist!
The two Daoist boys were much more miserable than the one who reported the news, their noses were bruised and swollen, and their eyes could not be opened, but they all bowed their heads, looking as if they dared not speak out in anger!
“Senior Uncle Bu Xu, I’m entering the Thunderclap View, and these little brothers are stopping me, what does this mean?”
The youth asked with a playful look at Daoist Master Bu Xu.
“Liao Fei, I am not your senior uncle, your master betrayed his master, he was no longer my senior brother long ago, I am not your senior uncle either, don’t get close to me, what do you want to do when you come to my Daoist temple and beat up my Daoist children?”
Daoist Master Bu Xu asked with an angry look on his face.
“Master Bu Xu, I have come to treat Little Sister’s illness, how can you say that about me? I heard that Little Senior Sister was suffering from extreme cold, so I couldn’t bear it in my heart and came over here on purpose.”
Liao Fei did not get angry, but said with a playful smile!
“Little Ru doesn’t need to be cured by you, so get lost right now and go back and tell your master that I will clean up the mess sooner or later!”
At this time Daoist Wu Wei stepped forward and viciously roared at Liao Fei.