Those people from the Sky Wolf Sect, in the middle of the white mist, no one dared to move for a while, because he was a little bit unable to distinguish between reality and illusion!
“Eldest brother, think of something, we don’t dare to move.”
Someone shouted loudly!
“Yeah, I don’t dare to move either, there’s someone in front of me, I don’t know if it’s an illusion.”
“Who’s cutting me? Are you blind?”
“Sorry, I thought it was an illusion.”
“I can’t see, the fog is too big ……”
For a while, many people from the Skywolf Sect yelled, causing the green-clothed middle-aged man to frown!
Now he had to find a way to get rid of these mists, or else he was afraid that they would all be trapped in this white mist!
Only to see a cold aura flash in the eyes of the middle-aged man in green clothes, he actually pulled out a very delicate zucchini from his bosom, which was carved with a strange flower!
The middle-aged man in green clothes clapped his palms together and recited words under his breath, the small gourd even emitted light and began to grow larger!
When the small gourd became the size of a bucket, the green clothed middle-aged man opened the gourd, a crazy suction force surged and directly sucked in those white mist!
“Luckily I have this Heaven Swallowing Gourd, or else I would be trapped here!”
The green-clothed middle-aged man grunted coldly as he watched the gourd in his hand emit divine light, continuously absorbing everything around him!
Soon, the surrounding white mist was all absorbed, and this time everything was revealed to the eyes!
It was only then that these Skywolf Sect people realised that they had been wandering around the edges, and that there were a few corpses of Skywolf Sect members on the ground!
And dozens of them away, a cultivator stood frozen and motionless, his body exuding the aura of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm!
Then this green-robed middle-aged man placed his gaze on Chen Ping and Luo Xi, and seeing that the two were nothing more than newly-promoted Transition Cultivators, the green-robed middle-aged man averted his gaze!
In his opinion, Chen Ping and Luo Xi were nothing more than followers, and the real expert was the sixth ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm!
“Eldest brother, look at the weapons all over the ground, they should all be divine weapons, we’re going to be rich.”
A member of the Skywolf Sect looked at the ground full of weapons and roared with excitement!
“Don’t be too happy too early, since the other party is so indifferent, they must be prepared, we can’t be reckless.”
The green-clothed middle-aged man frowned tightly and said!
Just now, they blankly rushed into the white mist, and as a result, several people died!
Now he couldn’t be reckless, since the other party didn’t move a muscle, that proved that they weren’t afraid of them!
“Fellow Daoist, may I ask what sect you are from? My Heavenly Wolf Sect does not wish to be your enemy, I still hope you don’t misunderstand.”
The green-clothed middle-aged man took two steps forward and then said to that Transitional Apparition Realm Sixth Grade cultivator!
However, that Transitional Appearance Realm Sixth Grade cultivator didn’t move a muscle or even say a word, the entire person was like a puppet!
However, the Passage Realm Sixth Grade aura on his body had been continuously releasing out, as if he was intentionally warning these people from the Skywolf Sect!
“Eldest senior brother, this guy is also too crazy to even ignore you?”
Seeing that the other party was surprisingly silent, a member of the Skywolf Sect then became enraged!
The middle-aged man in green also frowned and said “Fellow Daoist, we’re just ……”
“Cut the f*cking crap, can’t you see that my master is ignoring you guys? Either get lost or leave your lives behind.”
“Beep beep beep, is not dare to do it?”
Not waiting for that green-clothed middle-aged man to finish, Chen Ping then said with a disdainful face!
Luo Xi was head over heels and hurriedly glanced at Chen Ping, she understood that Chen Ping was trying to pit these Skywolf Sect people!
That Transition Sixth Grade Cultivator, where was their master, now it was a puppet body, only the body exuded the aura, long ago there was not a bit of strength left!
“Good, since this is the case, then don’t blame me for not being polite.”
The green-clothed middle-aged man said it, holding a sword in his hand, a sword stabbed towards that Transition Sixth Grade cultivator!