The next thing he knew he was in a dungeon!
“How familiar, where is this?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, at this moment, he always felt in a mental trance, everything in front of him seemed like a dream, but also seemed real.
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping …………”
Suddenly, it seemed like someone was calling out to him!
Chen Ping turned his head to look and surprisingly found that it was Su Yuqi, who was currently locked up in a cell!
“Yuqi, Yuqi …………”
Chen Ping’s heart was overjoyed and he hurriedly rushed up.
Clutching Su Yuqi’s hand tightly, Chen Ping was filled with excitement.
“I didn’t expect to see you, I always feel like this is like a dream!”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi with a face full of tenderness!
“This is not a dream, this is real, I’ve been waiting for you, I miss you so much ……”
Su Yuqi said as she looked at Chen Ping with tearful eyes.
“Don’t cry, don’t worry, I will get you out!”
Chen Ping gently wiped the tears from Su Yuqi’s face!
“Chen Ping, you don’t need to save me, as long as I can see you, I’m satisfied, you go!”
Su Yuqi was actually chasing Chen Ping away.
“No, I will never leave, even if I have to trample this dungeon flat, I will still save you ……”
A monstrous aura erupted from Chen Ping’s body, then he pounded desperately at the cage in front of him, he wanted to open the cage and save Su Yuqi!
And at that moment, as far as Hu Ma Zi was concerned, Chen Ping kept pressing his hand on top of the boulder in just one position!
But when Chen Ping’s breath rose up and his face changed drastically, Hu Pazzi’s entire body tensed up.
“Bad, this kid is a lover …….”
Hu Pazzi secretly screamed a bad word, then picked up a piece of yellow paper, then bit through his finger and drew on it, and recited the words under his breath.
Soon a talisman was drawn and then fiercely affixed to Chen Ping’s forehead!
A red light went straight into Chen Ping’s mind!
Chen Ping, who was in the cage, was waving his hands and striking the cage, but suddenly his body shook and he froze!
Then he looked dumbly at Su Yuqi in front of him, “You, you’re not Yuqi, you’re not …………”
“Chen Ping, what’s wrong with you? Why are you saying this?”
Su Yuqi cried, her face pearly with rain.
“No, you’re not, you’re definitely not ……”
Chen Ping closed his eyes slightly and began to chant the Clear Heart Mantra over and over again, he wanted to clear his head!
But Chen Ping recited the clearing mind mantra for half a day, but when he opened his eyes, Su Yuqi was actually still in front of him, he was still in the dungeon.
“Is this …… not an illusion?”
Chen Ping was filled with amazement.
“Chen Ping, what are you doing? It’s so sad for me ……”
Su Yuqi cried out in pain and sadness!
This time, Chen Ping panicked, completely panicked.
It turned out that it wasn’t an illusion at all.
“Yu Qi, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’ll get you out of here ……”
Chen Ping said, his hand flickering with light, then he slapped out with a palm, directly smashing the cage to pieces!
Su Yuqi rushed out and flung herself tightly into Chen Ping’s arms!
Chen Ping hugged Su Yuqi, whose body was so warm and so real!
“Chen Ping, don’t leave me again, okay?”
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping with a face full of tenderness.
“Yes, I will never leave you!”
Chen Ping gently kissed Su Yuqi on her forehead!
Chen Ping fell into a tender place, but it made Hu Ma Zi desperate.
“This lover boy, this lover boy ah ……”
Hu Pazzi was so anxious that he spun around, and finally another charm was attached to Chen Ping’s body, followed by Hu Pazzi’s voice resounding in Chen Ping’s mind, “Chen Ping, wake up, this is all fake, fake, didn’t I tell you?”
Chen Ping was stunned, he heard that it was Hu Pazzi’s voice.