Behind it was a cluster of mountains, and this large part of the Ji family’s mansion was built on the mountains!
The entire Yellow and Blue City was also considered to be built on the mountains, encircling a large portion of the Ji Family’s mansion!
Chen Ping looked at the mountains not far away and suddenly paused, seemingly sensing a familiar yet unfamiliar aura!
Seeing Chen Ping suddenly stop and stare blankly at the mountains not far away, Ji Meiling hurriedly asked “Mr Chen, what’s wrong with you?”
“Oh, nothing!” Chen Ping hurriedly shook his head!
“In the middle of those mountains, is the ancestral land of our Ji family, all the generations of our Ji family’s ancestors are all buried in there, that place is only accessible to the male members of our Ji family, we girls are not allowed to enter.”
Ji Meiling introduced after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at Ji Meiling and couldn’t help but smile, he felt that this girl was too simple, this kind of thing even told him!
No matter what, Chen Ping was also considered an outsider, but this Ji Meiling was not the least bit defensive, and even spoke of the ancestral land of the Ji family!
Soon, Chen Ping was brought into Ji Lian Jun’s residence, and when Ji Lian Jun saw that Chen Ping had arrived, he hurriedly rose to greet him!
After listening to Chen Ping’s various glorious deeds yesterday, Ji Lian Jun had even more respect for Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, what is it that you are looking for me for? If you have something to do, just send someone to call out to me.”
Ji Lian Jun said politely!
“Ji family head, I’ve already refined the old master’s pills, now all we need to do is to take the pills according to my instructions, to ensure that the old master will be able to move around within three days, and will be cured in ten days.”
Chen Ping said with conviction!
Looking at Chen Ping’s confident look, Ji Lian Jun believed in Chen Ping’s words, after all, Chen Ping’s alchemy was something that even the Pill Zun was willing to bow to!
“Mr Chen, thank you so much, your kindness, our Ji family will never forget ……”
Ji Lian Jun said with a face full of gratitude! >
“Ji family head is polite, I followed Ji Yun as a friend, these are all things I should do.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and handed over the pills he had refined to Ji Lian Jun.
After exchanging a few pleasantries, Chen Ping turned around with the intention of leaving, just as he was walking to the door, Chen Ping suddenly stopped and looked curiously at Ji Lianjun, “Ji Family Master, on my way here, I saw that the mountain range not too far away, there was actually a hidden Origin breath surging, what’s going on here?”
Chen Ping was very curious, how could there be an Origin Breath present in the Ji Family’s Ancestral Land.
Hearing Chen Ping ask this question, Ji Lian Jun was stunned and did not react for a moment!
And Chen Ping saw Ji Lian Jun’s reaction, also rushed to say “Ji family head, I am just curious to casually ask, if it is not convenient to say, then do not say it ……”
Chen Ping knew that this was, after all, someone’s secret, and even if he didn’t say it, Chen Ping wouldn’t care!
“Mr Chen, there is nothing convenient or inconvenient!” Ji Lianjun smiled faintly, then looked towards Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling and said “You two go out and play, I’ll follow Mr Chen and chat ……”
After Ji Lian Jun drove his two daughters away, he then turned to Chen Ping and said “Mr Chen, I am not going to lie to you, there is our Ji family’s ancestral land, our Ji family’s old ancestors, they all died there, so that ancestral land retains the origin of our Ji family’s old ancestors.”
Ji Lian Jun’s words immediately made Chen Ping even more puzzled “Ji family master, that origin power is originally from the heaven and earth, after a cultivator dies, the origin space perishes, and the origin power within the origin space reverts back to the heaven and earth, how is it possible for a person to die and still have their origin left?”
“Mr Chen, that’s a good point, after a person dies, so everything will be reduced to nothingness, and all kinds of power and aura will return to the heavens and earth.”
“Only, there is another possibility, and that is in a void world, or laying down a spell formation to form an otherworldly space, then the cultivator who dies inside, the origin power within his body will not dissipate in the heavens and earth, but will be stored in this void world, forming a chaotic and masterless origin power.”