“I told you that you were no match for me, but you didn’t believe me, and now you believe me?”
Chen Ping looked down at Kuang Biao, his eyes filled with mockery!
“I don’t believe you, I don’t believe ……”
Kuang Biao struggled, it had come to this, Kuang Biao still wouldn’t admit defeat!
But no matter how much Kuang Biao struggled, his head was always being stepped on by Chen Ping, and his whole body was in a wretched state!
“Believe it or not, you’ve already lost, next is the time to send you to hell!”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Chopping Sword was pressed against Kuang Soaring’s neck!
Feeling the icy coldness coming from his neck, Kuang Biao was finally afraid at this time!
“Don’t, don’t kill me, I admit defeat, admit defeat, I can crawl through your block ……”
Kwong Soar felt the scent of death and his body began to tremble!
He had a great future, he didn’t want to die ……
At this moment, Kuang Biao regretted somewhat, regretted why he had to provoke Chen Ping, he was waiting properly for the Medicine Pond to open, after his strength had improved, he was going outside again, what did it matter to him what Chen Ping was like in the Jade Tripod Sect?
Now Kuang Biao had figured it out, what big brother or no big brother, as long as he lived!
“Admit defeat?” Chen Ping smiled coldly “I gave you a chance, but unfortunately you didn’t cherish it!”
As Chen Ping said that, the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand slashed towards Kuang Biao’s head!
“Stop it, stop it ……”
Seeing this, the Second Elder shouted and was about to rush towards Chen Ping!
The Second Elder, who had just been full of complacency, now had an incomparably ugly face!
“Senior brother, what are you doing? They’re in a life and death ring, as long as the person doesn’t die, it’s not over, won’t you break the rules of the Jade Tripod Sect by rushing up like that ……”
The Third Elder instantly stepped in and stopped the Second Elder!
“Get the hell out of my way ……”
The Second Elder roared and swung a palm towards the Second Elder!
He didn’t care about the rules, he could never watch his disciple die at Chen Ping’s hands!
The Third Elder also struck hard, following the Second Elder with a palm strike!
“Master, save me, save me …………”
Kuang Biao yelled, he could feel the killing intent on Chen Ping, Chen Ping was not just talking about killing him!
The Second Elder looked at Kuang Soaring like that, his heart was burning with anxiety, his feet slammed down and his body instantly rose into the air!
Facing the charging Second Elder, Chen Ping smiled faintly towards him, followed by a swing of his Zeng Long Sword!
Poof …………
A stream of blood shot out, and Kuang Biao’s head instantly flew up and landed directly and steadily in the Second Elder’s hands!
Looking at the human head in his hand, the Second Elder instantly froze on the spot!
“Disciple, disciple ……”
The Second Elder hissed filled with rage!
“Chen Ping, I’ll kill you, I’ll kill you …………”
A terrifying aura erupted from the Second Elder’s body, followed by a slap towards Chen Ping!
“Second Elder, this is a tournament, are you trying to blatantly break the rules?”
Seeing this, Nie Heng hurriedly stepped forward to stop Second Elder!
“Get out of my way, or else I’ll kill you too ……”
The Second Elder waved his big hand, and a massive aura instantly shook Nie Heng out of the way!
The crowd saw that the Second Elder was red-eyed and all dodged, after all, he had even struck Nie Heng!
“Senior Brother, think carefully, in the absence of Senior Brother, Nie Heng is the acting Patriarch of the sect, how dare you make a move against him?”
“It seems that you’ve been prying into the position of Patriarch for a long time and are taking advantage of the opportunity to take over the position?”
The Third Elder shouted at the Second Elder and scolded him!
“I am only avenging my disciple, no matter who it is, no one is allowed to stop me.”
“Or don’t blame me for being rude ……”
The Second Elder went mad, his eyes scarlet as he roared, not caring about the Third Elder’s warning, and struck out at Chen Ping!
Seeing this, the Third Elder could only block in front of Chen Ping, gritting his teeth and following the Second Elder in a tangle!
After a few moves, the Third Elder was nearly killed by the Second Elder’s slap!