Without waiting for Chen Ping’s answer, Jin Yuan leapt into mid-air and headed straight for the flaming tiger!
The crowd all followed the demonic beast to kill it, and no one cared about Jin Yuan!
But just as Jin Yuan leapt up and reached mid-air, there was a sudden hissing sound and a dozen eagles appeared in mid-air, these eagles were huge and rushed towards Jin Yuan!
Jin Yuan was caught off guard and was surrounded by the dozens of eagles, and was then scratched everywhere by the sharp claws!
It seems that the flaming tiger had been prepared for this and knew that someone would attack him from the air, so he had set up an ambush!
If this Jin Yuan hadn’t grabbed on with Chen Ping, it would probably have been Chen Ping who was ambushed!
“I didn’t expect this beast to have such a mind, knowing how to observe the situation and set up an ambush ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but be very curious about this Flaming Tiger!
You should know that demonic beasts can also open their spiritual wisdom when they cultivate to a certain realm, and can think like a human!
Some demonic beasts could even take on human form if they continued to cultivate, and eventually become immortal!
There are countless paths to immortality, and as long as they can persevere to the end, they can all attain the right outcome!
After a short adjustment, Jin Yuan recovered from his injuries from the sneak attack, and instantly took out his flying daggers and threw them at the eagles!
Several flying daggers sliced through the mid-air like lightning, emitting a terrifying sharpness, and several eagles were instantly pierced by the flying daggers and fell down!
From this, we can see that Jin Yuan’s strength is not weak either, he was just too eager to kill the Flaming Tiger, that’s why he was ambushed and injured!
“Roar …………”
The Flaming Tiger roared, and soon the mid-air was densely packed with all kinds of flying demonic beasts swooping towards this side!
The sky was as black as a black cloud coming down on top of it!
Even if these demonic beasts didn’t move, he would have to be half dead from exhaustion to kill them!
Seeing this, Chen Ping leapt up, followed by a flash of light on his fingertips, a golden light shot out from his fingertips like a bullet, instantly heading towards that group of demonic beasts!
A large number of flying demon beasts fell from mid-air, screaming in misery, but because there were so many of them, even though Chen Ping kept shooting out the light, he still couldn’t stop the attack of the demon beasts!
“What the hell are you still doing?”
Chen Ping saw that Jin Yuan was still frozen in his tracks, so he roared in anger!
Jin Yuan reacted at that moment and immediately afterwards, his arms spread out and countless flying swords formed a pair of wings, making Jin Yuan hover in mid-air!
With a shake of Jin Yuan’s arms, countless flying swords instantly flew out, and those flying demonic beasts were killed and injured, falling down in droves!
But Chen Ping knew that they wouldn’t last long if they continued like this, they had to find a way to kill that Flaming Tiger!
Chen Ping raised his Dragon Cutting Sword, and the power of the divine Dragon kept circling around it as a golden dragon slowly emerged!
As the golden dragon emerged, the Flaming Tiger’s eyes clearly showed some fear!
Chen Ping slashed the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand, a heavenly sword aura instantly came out, and the golden dragon also let out a dragon roar before instantly rushing towards those flying demonic beasts!
The golden dragon joined the flying demon beasts and Chen Ping took the opportunity to go straight for the flaming tiger!
Seeing this, the Flaming Tiger leapt forward and dodged Chen Ping’s attack, it was only dodging, unwilling to follow Chen Ping!
And just as Chen Ping’s crowd was following the demonic beast in a bloody battle, Ge Cang Sheng in the secret realm of the Fire Sect was currently on a rampage!
“Nonsense, simply nonsense, how can you take Mr. Chen to the Demon Beast Secret Realm?”
“How dare you encounter a beast tide inside, if anything happens to Mr. Chen, I will definitely not spare you all!”
Ge Cang Sheng summoned all of his clan members and shouted out a reprimand as he prepared to head to rescue Chen Ping and the others!