Even the youngest sister’s brother had his eyes wide open, looking at Chen Ping incredulously!
Chen Ping even let the prison changed the rules, what kind of status is this ah?
Even that Bai Cheng was also a little surprised, he did not expect Chen Ping this move, but did not attract more guards, instead, the release time is lengthened!
“Kid, it seems that you have some power behind you, but you have messed with the wrong person, ten minutes time, I can totally let you die a hundred times!”
Bai Cheng threatened at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping smiled, “You are a Dragon?”
“Not bad, I am a Dragon Clan, and what kind of a cat or dog are you?”
Bai Cheng said with a condescending stance!
“Why do I look at you not like a Dragon Clan at all? More like a burrowing snake.”
Chen Ping still had a smile on his face!
“What did you say?”Bai Cheng was instantly enraged, “Are you blind? Can’t you see the dragon horns on my head? You dare to say that I am not a dragon race, then I will let you see the might of our dragon race.”
After saying that, Bai Cheng directly leapt up and attacked towards Chen Ping!
Instantly, the void shook and the wind crumpled!
Chen Ping looked at Bai Cheng who made his move, sensing the aura within that Bai Cheng’s body, the smile on his face grew even wider!
“As far as you are concerned, you also dare to say that you are of the Dragon Clan, what a big talker!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body followed suit and leapt up!
Boom!
Right at the moment when the two people’s bodies crossed paths, a deafening sound erupted!
Immediately after that, the two people’s bodies separated and stood back to back!
Everyone watched carefully, but no one realised who actually had the upper hand between the two!
There were no injuries on either person.
Chen Ping and that Bai Cheng all turned around and once again stood opposite each other!
Chen Ping still had a smile on his face, while that Bai Cheng had a gloomy face!
“Holy shit, the horn …… is gone ……”
At this time, a cultivator suddenly realised that the dragon horn on that Bai Cheng’s head was gone!
At this moment, all the cultivators looked towards Bai Cheng, each one shocked!
Bai Cheng was also baffled by all the cultivators’ comments, and hurriedly reached out and touched his head, and indeed found that the dragon horn was no longer there!
“This fake dragon horn of yours isn’t very strong!”
Chen Ping stretched out his hand, and in his hand was the dragon horn of Bai Cheng!
Looking at the dragon horn in Chen Ping’s hand, Bai Cheng’s face was already hard to see!
“Hahaha, what a fucking laugh, so it’s a fake dragon!”
“Damn, after being bullied for so long, he really thought he was a dragon.”
“Getting a fake dragon horn glued to his head, this is wanting to become a dragon race wanting to go crazy.”
The many cultivators who had previously been bullied by Bai Cheng and the others all laughed out loud and laughed shamefully at Bai Cheng!
Even Captain Zhou, who had been behind the curtain, was slightly stunned, “Damn, this guy Bai Cheng is actually a fake Dragon Race?”
Captain Zhou was all deceived, mistakenly thinking that that Bai Cheng was really a Dragon Race!
Anyways, the Dragon Race was the noblest existence within the entire Beast Race!
Feeling the shameful laughter of the people around him, Bai Cheng’s face reddened and he shouted, “Kid, I’ll let you die ……”
Bai Cheng’s roar carried the sound of a dragon’s roar!
Moreover, within his body, the blood began to churn and boil, and a terrifying aura filled the air in all directions!
In that Bai Cheng’s aura, however, there was a trace of dragon power, and the gusts of dragon roars were also real!
“It seems that you have reached the Jiao Snake stage, and indeed you are going to transform into a dragon and become an honourable Dragon Clan, but you cannot be considered a Dragon Clan yet, so you cannot flaunt yourself as a Dragon Clan and oppress others either!”
Chen Ping said as he looked towards Bai Cheng!
Bai Cheng did not listen at all and directly blasted out with a fist, smoke and dust rose in all directions and aura stirred!
Boom!
A large amount of flying sand and stones covered everything, at the same time, Bai Cheng transformed into his true form, a hundred metre long white scaly snake, opened its bloody mouth and headed towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this scene, all the cultivators pinched a sweat for Chen Ping!
Bai Cheng’s figure darted through the flying sand and rocks, but in an instant, Bai Cheng’s figure disappeared!