“I’ve given him a position in a government department and he’s now a section chief ……”
Tang Shili said.
“Section chief?” Chen Ping’s second aunt sucked in a cold breath, “In a place like the provincial capital, to be a section chief, I’m afraid he’s bigger than even the mayor of our Hongcheng city, right?”
“That’s not true, but I follow the mayor of Hongcheng City, Ling Zhenchuan, and often drink together ……”
Tang would open his mouth at this time and said.
Although it seemed modest, there was no hint of modesty in that tone of voice.
“To be able to drink with the mayor, that is really remarkable, in the future Xiaohui you should help your aunt more ……”
Chen Ping’s second aunt laughed.
Tang Hui did not reply to Chen Ping’s second aunt, but sat beside Tang Shili, gazed at Xiao Lan, and then asked, “Who is this, how come I don’t remember?”
“This is Chen Ping’s friend who came along for a mid-autumn ……”
Tang Hongying explained.
But with this explanation, in the eyes of others, Xiaolan was Chen Ping’s girlfriend.
Tang would glance at Chen Ping with jealous eyes and didn’t say anything.
Just then, the door was suddenly pushed open and a man of about forty years walked in.
“Section Chief Tang, sorry for being late ……”
The visitor said as he followed Tang Hui in a respectful manner.
“Mayor Cui?”
Seeing the visitor, Chen Baoguo and the others hurriedly got up, the visitor was the mayor of their town.
“Mayor Cui, we’ve just arrived too, find yourself a place to sit ……”
Tang would say with a condescending face.
Despite this attitude of Tang Hui, that Mayor Cui did not care in the slightest and hurriedly sat down next to Tang Hui.
Soon, someone else kept walking into the private room, either the town mayor or the director, and soon the room was full.
Chen Ping and his family were squeezed into a corner, and this time Xiaolan was able to sit next to Chen Ping as she wished.
“Chen Ping, what kind of uncle are you? This is not a family banquet, it is clearly an invitation to others, you are just the company ……”
Xiaolan whispered to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping had also seen long ago that this Tang Shili was just calling them to come in order to show off a bit in front of their two families.
Now the entire private room is full of people, all local officials, constantly following Tang Shili and Tang will toast, while Chen Ping and their two families, but no one to look twice.
The two families were embarra*sed, but they were too embarra*sed to get up and leave.
“Chief Tang, your Tang family is doing business in the provincial capital, so you are really rich. That car must cost several million, right?”
The mayor of Cui said to Tang with envy in his eyes.
“A Beijing Rolls-Royce?” Tang Hui froze, before looking at his father, Tang Shili.
“A Rolls-Royce, or a Beijing brand?” Tang Shili was also somewhat confused, so he turned to Mayor Cui and asked, “What licence plate?”
“It seems to be 京E ………….”
Mayor Cui said the licence plate number.
“Why does this licence plate sound so familiar?” Tang Shili frowned slightly and said.
“Dad, isn’t this the Bai family’s Old Master Bai’s car, how did it appear here?”
Tang would say in surprise.
“Yes, it’s Elder Bai’s car, I said why it sounded familiar, could it be that Elder Bai has come to Hongcheng?”
Tang Shili was also full of surprise!
“I’ll go check it out ……,” Tang would say, getting up and walking towards the window, looking through it to see the car outside.
When he saw it clearly, he hurriedly said to Tang Shili, “Dad, it’s really Master Bai’s car, Master Bai is probably eating here too ……”
When Tang Shili heard this, he also hurriedly rushed to the window to look out.
The actions of these two people caused many people inside the box to be filled with confusion, but this father and son didn’t care at all.
“Go, go, go, let’s go and find out, Master Bai is definitely here ……”
Tang Shili anxiously pulled Tang Hui and ran out.
Only a group of people were left inside the box, wide-eyed and unaware of what was happening, but only Chen Ping knew what this father and son were looking for.