Ochre Yan also laughed when he heard Chen Ping call himself a great disciple of the Inferno Demon!
But this reaction speed of Chen Ping was indeed fast enough!
But just as Chen Ping was approaching towards Ye Feng, and Ye Feng was about to give Chen Ping the Fire Spirit Pearl in his hand, there was a sudden burst of laughter!
“Feng’er, don’t fall for it, this guy isn’t some Yan Demon Grand Disciple, he’s lying to you.”
Ye Liancheng’s figure suddenly appeared, flying towards Chen Ping!
When Ye Feng heard this, he hurriedly retracted his outstretched hand!
Chen Ping saw that this Ye Liancheng fellow had come, so he stepped forward and was about to snatch the Fire Spirit Pearl from Ye Feng’s hand!
Without the Fire Spirit Pearl, this Ye Feng would definitely be directly frozen to death by the icy cold air within this Holy Pool!
Ye Feng saw Chen Ping come over to grab it and hurriedly shouted “Dad, save me, quickly save me ……”
Ye Feng grabbed the Fire Spirit Pearl in a death grip and desperately dived towards the bottom!
When Ye Liancheng saw his son being chased by Chen Ping, he was also mad with anger!
He desperately chased towards Chen Ping!
“Dare to touch my son, looking for death ……”
Ye Liancheng shouted as his spiritual energy instantly surged wildly!
Immediately after that, a palm slapped towards Chen Ping!
It was only that Ye Liancheng used a large amount of spiritual energy to protect his body from the icy cold Qi, plus the water within the Sacred Pool acted as a barrier!
Therefore, Ye Liancheng’s palm did not even exert half of its usual power!
Seeing this, Chen Ping kicked at that Ye Feng’s body, causing that Ye Feng to dive towards the depths at great speed!
Chen Ping then backhanded a palm to form a glimpse of a shield in front of himself as well!
Chen Ping did not dare to be careless with the strike of a ninth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm!
Even if Chen Ping’s physical body was strong, coupled with the Unbreakable Golden Body protection, it was impossible for him to resist the strike of a ninth grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm!
Boom!
Ye Liancheng’s palm blasted on top of Chen Ping’s body shield!
Chen Ping’s figure swayed twice, but there was no such thing as a sharp retreat!
This caused Chen Ping to be slightly stunned, but he quickly reacted!
Ye Liancheng did not have a Supreme Flame Protection, much less a Fire Spirit Pearl, so he had used most of his spiritual energy to protect himself!
On the other hand, Chen Ping had the Origin Supreme Flame in his body, and by relying on the Supreme Flame, he was able to resist the icy cold Qi, so Chen Ping was not affected much!
Thinking about this, Chen Ping was instantly empowered!
In this Holy Pool, what could Ye Liancheng do even if he was in the ninth rank of the Transitional Abruptions Realm?
“Old boy, your strength is nothing more than that, let’s see how I can clean you up.”
Chen Ping unexpectedly took the initiative to attack!
Ye Liancheng clenched his teeth and was furious!
A 9th ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, yet he was provoked by a tiny 1st ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, if this was spread out, how could he still mix?
Chen Ping followed Ye Liancheng and they soon got into a melee!
For a time, the two people fought hard, and Ye Liancheng was unable to do anything with Chen Ping!
At this time, because of the fight between the two people in the Holy Pool, the water was like a shocking wave, and the chaotic spiritual energy was constantly surging!
Ye Feng, on the other hand, was holding the Fire Spirit Pearl and desperately swimming upwards, having just been kicked down by Chen Ping!
Ye Feng was a little anxious inside, he was afraid that this Fire Spirit Bead would not be able to protect him anymore, so he desperately swam upwards!
However, above his head was the area where Chen Ping followed Ye Liancheng to fight!
Ye Feng had just swam up some when he was sent flying by that chaotic breath!
“Feng’er …………”
Seeing his son in that state, Ye Liancheng was furious to the extreme!
However, the angrier Ye Liancheng was, the more he was unable to defeat Chen Ping quickly!
Only to see Chen Ping sacrificing his Dragon Beheading Sword, a sword qi swirling up a storm in the Holy Pool, while Ye Liancheng was desperately trying to fend it off!
The current Ye Liancheng was going to be infuriated!
The ninth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm couldn’t win against the first rank of the Transitional Apparition realm, where the hell can he justify this?
If it wasn’t for the Holy Pool holding Ye Liancheng back, Ye Liancheng would have already slapped Chen Ping to death!
But right now, he could only stare at Chen Ping jumping around in front of him, and Ye Liancheng had no way to defeat him!