“With you in charge!”Lin Keting snorted coldly!
“Hmph, for you to speak to me like this, that’s because I’m giving face to Old Taoist Wuji, do you know what the consequences of following the Demon Sealing Alliance against me are?”
“Now you guys get lost right now and I’ll pretend that nothing has happened, but this Chen Ping must stay.”
The hunchbacked old man snorted coldly at Lin Keting!
Lin Keting, however, smiled coldly and said, “No way, Chen Ping I bailed out ……”
“You bail? What kind of person is he to you that you bail him out, do you know that he is the person that our Demon Sealing Alliance is chasing with a hundred years of offerings.”
The hunchbacked old man said!
“He’s my man, so of course I’m going to protect him.”
Lin Keting said indifferently!
Chen Ping looked at Lin Keting with some surprise, he did not expect Lin Keting to say this!
The Left Blind Elder and the Right Blind Elder were both filled with surprise as well, it was clear that before entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, Chen Ping and Lin Keting did not know each other!
But now, how did they become boyfriend and girlfriend in just a moment’s time?
This was also too fast, right?
“Hahaha, are you sure you want to protect him?”The hunchbacked old man laughed out loud!
“Of course, if I don’t protect my man, I’ll still protect you, the hunchbacked old pussy head?”
The corner of Lin Keting’s mouth lifted as she cursed at the hunchbacked old man!
The hunchbacked old man’s eyes stared and his voice was icy cold, “Don’t think that just because you follow Old Taoist Wuji and have connections, you dare to talk to me like this.”
“You are following our entire Demon Sealing Alliance against us like this, do you know how terrifying our Demon Sealing Alliance is?”
“The Demon Sealing Alliance is nothing in my eyes, I just love killing people from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”Lin Keting said without a care in the world!
Chen Ping looked at that Lin Keting, he did not expect this Lin Keting to be so hardened!
Now Chen Ping was getting more and more curious about Lin Keting’s identity, what kind of person was it that could show such disregard for the Demon Sealing Alliance?
There was also that Wuji Daoist, he should be Lin Keting’s master, the old Taoist that he had seen!
This Wuji Daoist’s strength was also unfathomable, otherwise this hunchbacked old man wouldn’t have spoken like this!
“Good you little girl, daring to talk about our Demon Sealing Alliance like that, I don’t care who you are that old Taoist Wuji, today I’m going to strip you naked and let my two disciples enjoy themselves.”
The hunchbacked old man, viciously and angrily looked at Lin Keting and said!
Upon hearing this, Tian Luo and Tian Sha instantly became excited and shouted, “Many thanks, Patriarch, we haven’t touched a woman in a long time either.”
“You bastard ……”
Lin Keting was furious and directly slapped her palm towards the hunchbacked old man!
However, the hunchbacked old man gently stepped, and tens of miles in a radius were instantly enveloped by a heaven destroying force!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s face changed drastically, facing a Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivator, Chen Ping knew that he would not be able to carry it!
Feeling the terrifying power, Chen Ping had no choice but to use the power of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Senior, help me ……”
Chen Ping turned to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch and began to beg for help!
Regardless of whether his body could withstand it or not, he could only rely on the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to resist this terrifying power right now!
But Chen Ping shouted several times in a row, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch unexpectedly did not have the slightest reaction, and did not even answer, as if it had lost contact with Chen Ping!
Seeing that the hunchbacked old man was about to rush over, Chen Ping’s heart was burning inside!
Lin Keting was not as alarmed, but shouted, “Master, I know you are here ……”
Boom!
As Lin Keting’s words fell, a ray of light suddenly came from the void, followed by dispersing all of that terrifying power!
The hunchbacked old man was also shaken and flew backwards!
Along with the light slowly dispersing, a silhouette appeared, and it was the same old Taoist holding a duster!
“Master ……”
Lin Keting hurriedly shouted when she saw Daoist Wuji!