When Jiang Wei saw Chen Ping coming, he made tea for him, and then the two of them sat face to face and chatted.
“Brother Jiang, is there something important about to happen for all of your clans to come to this place all of a sudden?”
Chen Ping asked to Jiang Wei.
“Mr. Chen, didn’t you already know that Penglai Island is the place where spiritual energy is recovering, so we were originally going to Penglai Island to occupy it before the spiritual energy recovers, so that we can take the initiative then.”
Jiang Wei said.
“With so many clans wanting to go to Penglai Island, there will inevitably be battles when the time comes, and such a melee will bring disaster to every clan.”
Chen Ping said.
“Of course I know these things, but right now all the major clans in the secret realm are thinking of occupying the place where the aura is recovering so that they can be well prepared before the entire world’s aura recovers, and we clans are supposed to be the spokesmen for the major clans in that secret realm, so we can only follow orders.”
Jiang Wei understood what Chen Ping meant, but he couldn’t make the call!
“Is there a way to stop the aura from reviving? If the aura really recovers and the clans and families of the major mystic realms leave the mystic realm, then this time will be chaotic and all the ordinary people will be out of luck then.”
Chen Ping knew that after these immortal cultivation families left the secret realm, there would be no one in the entire secular world who could restrain them, so wouldn’t the ordinary people be nothing but ants!
When the major clans and families fought over resources, it would be the ordinary people who would suffer!
All Chen Ping wanted to do was to stop the revival of spiritual energy and let those clans in the secret realm stay in the secret realm!
The reason why the secular world had the laws of heaven and earth that suppressed people in the secret realm, then this was the will of heaven, after the recovery of the aura, it could be that the whole world would be in chaos.
“Mr. Chen, you want to stop the revival of the aura?”
Jiang Wei looked surprised, then shook his head and said, “I don’t know if I can stop it, but this aura recovery, I’m afraid it was already set thousands of years ago, I’m afraid no one can stop it.”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, regardless of whether he could stop the revival of the aura or not, he had to go to Penglai Island to take a look.
Unknowingly, Chen Ping followed Jiang Wei and chatted until dawn. When Chen Ping came out of Jiang Wei’s room and was about to go back to his own room, he ran into Zhou Jie walking out of Hu Ma Zi’s room with a rosy face!
The two looked at each other and Zhou Jie’s face instantly turned red!
“Mr. Chen, you’ve actually learned to cheat …………”
After Zhou Jie finished speaking, she turned around and ran away.
Hu Ma Zi stretched his back and walked out with a satisfied face as well!
After seeing Chen Ping, he directly patted Chen Ping’s shoulder and said, “Chen Ping, thank you so much, in the future, if you need me, just speak directly.”
Looking at Hu Pazzi’s satisfied look, Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Now you are satisfied, treat people well in the future.”
“That’s natural, from now on Zhou Jie will be my wife.”
Pocky Hu nodded his head!
Just as Chen Ping was about to go and rest, Xu Changsheng arrived with the Shennong Cauldron!
Xu Changsheng had travelled all night and day for fear of delaying Chen Ping’s business!
Looking at the Shennong Cauldron, Chen Ping was a little excited inside, he didn’t know what kind of elixir he would be able to practice with this 10,000 year old He Shou Wu.
After following Xu Changsheng and giving a few explanations, Chen Ping let Hu Ma Zi escort him as he began to refine the potion!
But in order to prevent accidents, Chen Ping also asked Jiang Wei to send someone to guard his room!
He was really afraid that Pocky Hu might sneak off to bed at this point in time when he was on his honeymoon!
After setting up the Shennong Cauldron, Chen Ping flicked the 10,000 year old He Shou Wu and threw it directly into the Cauldron!
Next, Chen Ping sat on his knees, and a light blue flame flickered above his palms, a spiritual fire for refining pills!
Chen Ping flicked his fingers and the collar was instantly thrown into the divine Nong Cauldron, which soon burst into flames!