If these spirits hadn’t come out of their bodies, Chen Ping would have smashed these black bronze robes to death with a single punch!
These spirits were so abominable that every punch Chen Ping threw was like hitting cotton, with half of its force removed!
The spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body was rapidly decaying, and the golden dragon wrapped around his fist was slowly fading away!
Ning Zhi was excited when he saw that Chen Ping was going to lose his strength, he hadn’t expected to defeat Chen Ping with a dozen black bronze robes.
“He’s not going to make it, do it quickly ……”
Ning Zhi urged.
The dozen or so Black Bronze Robes could also see that Chen Ping was somewhat exhausted, and each one had hope in their eyes!
“Hmph, with just you guys, you still want to kill me ……”
Chen Ping hissed and roared!
The golden light on his body was still flickering and his eyes were filled with endless battle intent!
The Heart Condensation Technique, flew through Chen Ping’s body, and the surrounding heaven and earth spiritual energy was swarming towards Chen Ping’s body!
This huge suction force directly sucked in the black mist that was wrapped around the black bronze robes!
Including the spirits, which were also being dragged by a suction force, into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique was capable of refining everything, whether it was Yin Qi or grievance Qi, even these souls that had no physical bodies!
With this sudden change, all those spirits were frightened and returned to the black bronze robes one by one!
Seeing this, Chen Ping slammed his fist into the chest of a black bronze robe!
Boom!
This punch instantly smashed through the body of that black bronze robe, shattering his internal organs and spurting blood all over the ground!
The soul inside the black bronze robe took the opportunity to break away, and a black mist rose up to escape!
Chen Ping grabbed it forward and opened his mouth to suck it in, the spirit was instantly sucked into Chen Ping’s body!
Without any struggle, the spirit was instantly refined by Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique!
Seeing this scene, the remaining black bronze robes were all stunned!
They knew that no one dared to inhale the soul spirit into their bodies, many of them couldn’t even avoid it if they wanted to, how dare they inhale it?
Wasn’t this a clear attempt to let the soul spirit take control of one’s body?
But when the soul spirit entered Chen Ping’s body, it didn’t even have the slightest right to control the body, it was simply refined!
This was the first time they had seen such an overbearing gong method!
At this moment, the many black bronze robes budded into retreat, and each one dared not go forward!
But if they didn’t make a move, Chen Ping wouldn’t let them go either.
In the blink of an eye, Chen Ping came in front of a Black Bronze Cloak and slammed his fist out immediately afterwards!
Poof!
The black bronze robe’s head was smashed directly into pieces, followed by another wave of black mist rising into the air!
When the host body dies, these spirits have to break away from the body and find a new host body again!
Chen Ping did the same trick again and swallowed the spirit with his mouth open!
This time, these black bronze robes did not cause any damage to Chen Ping, but became Chen Ping’s resources.
“Cast a spell, cast a spell …………”
Ning Zhi shouted, as these went on, these black bronze robes would definitely be killed by Chen Ping one by one!
And those spirits would be devoured by Chen Ping as well.
Those remaining black bronze robes looked at each other with what seemed like a few moments of fear and helplessness in their eyes!
Finally, they saw these black bronze robes standing together, followed by the black mist inside their bodies continuously emerging from above their heads!
The black mist that emerged instantly coalesced together and turned into the shape of a giant of immense proportions!
This giant was hideous and incomparable, formed by these spirits condensing together.
The black bronze robes, on the other hand, were dull-eyed and motionless, just like corpses!
A drop of bright red blood slowly seeped out from the brow of each of the black bronze robes, and then slowly floated up into mid-air!
These drops of blood came together and formed a jewel the size of an egg, which was finally set into the giant’s forehead!