Huo Yuan Ting coldly looks at the person who spoke up for that Elder Hu, his expression indifferent as he says, “Elder Hu’s punishment has already been set, it cannot be amended.”
“Also for today’s inner disciple assessment, all disciples who pass must go to the Meditation Cliff for a month of hard training.”
“This is also a rule of the sect, just tell the disciples under you!”
Huo Yuan Ting’s tone carries an unquestionable tone, as a Sect Master, even if he has just been promoted, he doesn’t want his subordinate Elders to object!
The elders looked at each other, no one was speaking!
They all knew that this going to the Meditation Cliff for a month of hard training was fake, and that it was real to brainwash those disciples who passed the examination!
Although they all knew, there was nothing they could do, who made Huo Yuanting the Sect Master now!
Seeing that no one spoke, Huo Yuan Ting smiled in satisfaction!
He then glanced outside before asking, “It’s already this time of the day, hasn’t the examination ended yet?”
At this time, a son hurriedly walked in from outside and said, “Sect Master, the assessment has ended long ago, but because a disciple cheated, causing the assessment to fire to explode, the assessment formation was damaged.”
“Elder Cui is repairing the assessment formation, so it will take a few more days for the repair to be completed.”
“What? Someone cheated, and caused the Supreme Flame to explode? It’s really bold, who the hell is it?”Huo Yuan Ting said in anger!
And when Elder Yu heard this, his heart tightened!
If this was done by Chen Ping, then it would be over, when the time came to investigate, the matter of himself receiving money to casually bring people into the sect would definitely be exposed!
But just as Elder Yu was getting nervous, that disciple said, “It’s the outer disciple Lu San, he used the Supreme Flame inside the bronze mirror and wanted to increase the power of the Supreme Flame, but was not able to control it, causing the Supreme Flame to explode!”
Upon hearing that it was Lu San, Elder Yu let out a sigh of relief.
Huo Yuan Ting, on the other hand, frowned, this Lu San was a disciple of his lineage, although he was only an outer disciple, he was already at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, which was higher than the strength of some inner disciples!
As for cheating with the copper mirror, it must also be Liu Sh*tong’s idea, after all, that copper mirror is only in Liu Sh*tong’s hands!
“Sect master, cheating in this test makes the test formation damaged, this is a great sin, it has to be punished!”
Elder Yu said to Huo Yuanting!
At this time, he was trying to embarrass Huo Yuanting, since he had imprisoned Elder Hu for thirty years, let’s see how he punishes his own line of disciples for their mistakes!
“Punished, definitely punished!”Huo Yuan Ting nodded his head, but inside, he was trying to figure out how to exonerate that Lu San!
“Elder Yu, Sect Master, Elder Cui has already made a punishment for Lu San.”
That disciple said!
As soon as he heard this, Huo Yuan Ting let out a sigh of relief, “Since Elder Cui has imposed a punishment, let’s follow Elder Cui’s wishes, after all, Elder Cui is known for his impartiality!”
“There was an accident in this examination, did no one pass the examination?”
“There was one person who passed the examination by relying on challenges.”That disciple said!
“Passed by challenge? Who was it? Who was challenged?”
“It was a disciple named Cheng Ping who challenged senior brother Liu Sh*tong!”That disciple replied!
“What?”
Huo Yuan Ting dabbed his head and stood up, his face full of incredulity!
Liu Sh*tong was his most favoured disciple, how could he be defeated by an outer disciple?
As for Elder Yu, his heart was also shaken when he heard the word Cheng Ping, he did not expect it to be someone he had brought with him.
He was even more surprised that Chen Ping had this kind of ability!
“Tell the Referee Elder to send the jade slip of the match record!”
Huo Yuan Ting calmed down and slowly sat back down and said!
“Yes!”That disciple turned around and left to find that referee elder!
The other few elders were talking to each other!