“Thank you Mr. Chen, thank you Mr. Chen ……”
Shen Lang thanked him repeatedly.
“So Mr. Chen is actually a high level person in the art, I really have eyes that are not aware of Mt. Tai, I hope Mr. Chen will not take offense ……”
Zheng Xun walked up to Chen Ping with a face full of admiration and bowed Avray, long gone was the arrogance he had at the beginning.
Chen Ping just smiled and did not explain, he did not expect this Zheng Xun to know about warlocks.
“Shen Lang, now that I have saved your father, can your Shen family bring out that 10,000 year old ginseng king and let me have a look at it?”
Chen Ping asked to Shen Lang.
When Shen Lang heard this, he was in a dilemma, and then looked at Shen Wanfu.
Shen Wanfu, on the other hand, hurriedly said, “Mr. Chen, that 10,000 year old Ginseng King is not here ……”
“I already knew it wasn’t here, so where is it? Take me to see it ……”
Chen Ping asked.
“It’s in …… in …… in ……”
Shen Wanfu stammered, unable to say a word.
“You don’t have any ten thousand year old ginseng king at all, you are lying to me, right?”
Chen Ping said with a cold face.
This startled Shen Wanfu and he hurriedly waved his hands, “No, no, no, how dare we lie to Mr. Chen, there is indeed a 10,000-year ginseng king, only we did not dig it out, the 10,000-year ginseng king is still in the Black Blind Forest, Mr. Chen also knows that digging ginseng requires experience and skill, if one ginseng beard is broken, then the value of the whole ginseng will be greatly reduced, so we did not dare to dig ……”
Chen Ping did know that this mountain ginseng could not be dug by just anyone, and if it was not done properly, the mountain ginseng would be ruined, and the Shen family was not in this business, so it made sense that they did not dare to dig.
“Then take me to the Black Blind Forest to have a look ……”
Chen Ping though he wouldn’t dig either, if it was really the 10,000 year old ginseng king, the big deal was that he would just cultivate beside the ginseng king until he drained the aura of the 10,000 year old ginseng king, so he wouldn’t have to dig.
When Shen Wanfu heard this, he was so scared that he waved his hands, “Mr. Chen, we wouldn’t dare to go, my big brother became like this because he went to the Black Blind Forest, and after going to a dozen mouths, only my big brother came back ……”
“Then what exactly happened to them in the Black Blind Forest?”
Chen Ping knows that the general ghost will not easily possess to harm people, let alone also dare to follow into the home, to know the general Yang house inside, more people, Yang Qi is heavier, the ghost is the least favorite place, now this ghost even followed Shen Wan San back home, but also mouth to kill the Shen family, which must have unknown things.
“This …… is not very clear to me, I will have to ask my elder brother ……”
Shen Wanfu was also unclear as to what had happened in the Black Blind Forest.
Just then, Shen Wansan opened his eyes after letting out a long breath.
“Dad, Dad, you’re finally awake ……”
“Husband, you’ve finally woken up ……”
When Shen Lang and his mother saw that Shen Wansan had woken up, they excitedly pounced on him.
Shen Wansan looked at his wife and son with a confused face and said with a slight frown, “Where am I? What happened to me?”
Shen Wansan still did not know what had happened to him.
Shen Lang told Shen Wansan what had happened and when Shen Wansan heard that he was possessed by a ghost, his whole body broke out in a cold sweat of fear.
“Big brother, it was Mr. Chen who saved you, or else our Shen family would have been finished ……”
Shen Wanfu hurriedly said to Shen Wansan.
“Yes, yes, thank Mr. Chen quickly, you just scared me to death ……”
Shen Wansan’s wife also said.
“Thank you Mr. Chen for rescuing me ……”
Shen Wansan got up and followed Chen Ping to thank him, although he was a little surprised to see Chen Ping so young, but Shen Wansan did not be shown.
“Master Shen, it’s just a hand up, but I would like to know what exactly happened to you in the Black Blind Forest ……”
Chen Ping asked.