Chen Ping looked at Zhou Jie coldly and asked, “How did you know about this? This is something that I have just decided, it hasn’t been announced to the outside ……”
Chen Ping did not believe that Long Xingxu would have told Zhou Jie about this matter, since it was not Long Xingxu, then it must be someone from the Martial Alliance.
“What do you guess?”
Zhou Jie smiled lightly.
“You have arranged your own people within the Martial Dao Alliance, right?”
Chen Ping asked.
Because as long as this was the only way for Zhou Jie to know about this so quickly, as well as about Su Yuqi, which should be a secret of the Martial Dao Alliance, but the Demonic Spirit Sect actually knew about it, then it proved that they must have someone within the Martial Dao Alliance!
And this person’s identity must not be low, otherwise it would be impossible to know these secrets!
Zhou Jie smiled, not admitting or denying it, because now and not following Chen Ping into a partnership, so there were still some things that Chen Ping could not know.
“Say, what do you want from me?”
Since Zhou Jie had used Hu Ma Zi’s relationship to see himself, there must be something going on.
“Our Patriarch admires you, so he wants to invite you to go to the Demon Spirit Sect for a visit, so that you can see the strength of our Demon Spirit Sect.”
Zhou Jie said.
“I don’t have time these days ……”
Chen Ping shook his head.
“I know, so I am not in a hurry here, when you have destroyed those people from the Martial Alliance and know the secret of the Martial Alliance dungeon, you will naturally believe us.”
Zhou Jie said indifferently.
“You’re so sure that I can win over those people from the Martial Dao Alliance?”
Chen Ping looked at Zhou Jie with great confusion, he didn’t understand how Zhou Jie could have so much confidence in himself!
“Of course, you will win for sure ……”
“Don’t forget the agreement between us after the victory, follow me on a trip to the Demon Spirit Sect and you will know more secrets you want to know then.”
After Zhou Jie finished speaking, she turned around and headed out the door!
Hu Ma Zi was following closely behind him, his eyes staring deadly at Zhou Jie’s legs as his breathing became rapid.
If Zhou Jie’s strength wasn’t too strong, it was estimated that Hu Ma Zi couldn’t help himself and would have pounced on him.
“Miss Zhou, can I go to the Demon Spirit Sect together?”
Hu Pocky asked with a fawning face as he followed behind Zhou Jia.
“You’ll have to ask Mr. Chen about that, if he agrees, our Demon Spirit Sect has no problem with it!”
Zhou Jie finished speaking and gave Hu Ma Zi a meaningful glance before leaving.
Feeling Zhou Jie’s gaze, Hu Puzi’s body trembled and his entire body jumped up in excitement.
“My heart is getting drunk, is this what it feels like to be in love?”
Hu Ma Zi covered his beating heart and his whole body was intoxicated.
Chen Ping walked out and could only roll his eyes when he saw that look on Hu Pazzi’s face.
Everyone had their weaknesses, and perhaps Hu Ma Zi’s weakness was women.
Chen Ping told Long Xingxu to spread the word about following the Martial Arts Alliance to place a war invitation!
Soon, the entire Martial Dao Alliance was buzzing with excitement.
“It’s too awesome, this Chen Ping actually challenged the Martial Dao Alliance again, and this time the people of the Martial Dao Alliance can go together.”
“That Chen Ping disappeared for a while and became so high profile when he came back, could he have received some kind of inheritance?”
“You have to know that the Martial Dao Alliance is made up of seven Great Martial Marquises, and there are still two Martial Saint Artifacts in their hands, even if that Chen Ping did get his inheritance, he would not be a match at all.”
“Wait and see, that Chen Ping will definitely lose, let’s place our bets.”
Bets began to be placed on top of the Martial Dao Forum for a match between Chen Ping and the Martial Dao Alliance!
Only a lot of people were betting on the Wudao Alliance to win!
After all, the Martial Dao Alliance now had seven Great Martial Marquises and two Martial Saint Artifacts, so Chen Ping had no chance of winning.
But since Chen Ping dared to send out the war invitation, he must also have his own plans and might just become a dark horse.