“Do you think I’m qualified?”Hua Yueying asked!
“Not bad, you can hang out with me!”Chen Ping nodded!
“I want more than them!”
Hua Yueying said!
“Understood, after all, formation masters are very good ……” Chen Ping laughed!
There were very few array masters in the Celestial Realm, and array masters like this one at the peak of the ninth level of the Mahayana Realm were even more rare!
“I want one hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones ……”
Hua Yueying said!
“Flower sister ……” Xuan Bin frowned when he heard it!
Isn’t this a lion’s mouth, a mouthful of one hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, it’s a joke!
“You want a hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones? That requires real skills!”
Chen Ping laughed!
“This is my true ability ……” Hua Yueying finished, her palm gently waved, and the surrounding formations began to rapidly contract!
Everyone felt an oppression, that Great Dao pressure!
One must know that everyone present, with the exception of Chen Pingzhi, could be Mahayana Realm 9th Grade cultivators!
Even they felt the oppression, then it would appear that this formation was very powerful!
Chen Ping looked at the Flower Moon Shadow that was being performed and smiled faintly, “This kind of sculpture is not worth a hundred thousand ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he flicked his finger and a white light instantly struck on top of that formation!
It was at the moment of touch, the huge formation unexpectedly collapsed directly and disappeared without a trace!
Hua Yueying froze, her eyes filled with incredulity!
“This …… this …………”
Flower Moon Shadow grew her mouth, not knowing what to say, this was her most skilled formation!
How could it be broken with the snap of a finger?
Lin Kefan, as well as Xuan Wu and the rest of them, all looked on incredulously as well!
Everyone had nothing but shock in their eyes ……
“Mr Chen …… Chen, you’re also too awesome, you’re still a formation master?”
Ink Killing Shadow stuttered in shock and asked!
“A little bit of knowledge ……”
“A little bit of knowledge ……”
Chen Ping smiled modestly!
After Hua Yueying heard this, he almost didn’t spit out blood, this slight understanding of a couple of things, and he broke his strongest formation?
“Brother-in-law, you’re not only able to fight over the level, you’re also a pill master, and a formation master, is there anything you don’t know how to do in the end?”
Lin Kefan was considered completely convinced of Chen Ping!
“Of course there is, giving birth to a child won’t ……”
Chen Ping snickered!
“It doesn’t matter, let my sister give birth, give birth to ten or eight, you can’t waste this good gene!”Lin Ke Fan said excitedly!
Xuan Bin and the others listened in awe, not understanding how this Chen Ping became Lin Ke Fan’s brother-in-law!
“Mr Chen, these three are also peak 9th level Mahayana realm powerhouses who have specially come to join you ……”
“Because the identity of the three is somewhat special, it is not convenient to show them ……”
Xuan Bin pointed to the three mysterious powerhouses dressed in black robes, all three of them were wearing masks, so their true faces could not be seen at all!
“No harm, mix with me, I don’t look at origins, treat them equally ……”
Chen Ping said with a wave of his hand!
“Right right right, Mr Chen absolutely treats everyone equally ……” Mo Killing Shadow hurriedly nodded his head in agreement!
“Not bad!”Flower Staff Weng also admitted!
After all, just now, Chen Ping had treated the two of them equally after Lin Kefan!
“There’s also this Cang Yue, a renowned physical cultivator, this physical body is unrivalled and strong, no divine weapon can hurt him.”
Xuan Bin pointed to a stout middle-aged man again and said!
“This flesh body of mine, has been burnt with fire and swung by ten thousand swords, which has led to the practice of an unbreakable true body, regardless of any divine weapon, it is not ……”
“Pfft ……”
That Cang Yue’s words had not yet finished, but Chen Ping offered the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and passed through in a smooth manner!
The Dragon Beheading Sword pierced into Cang Yue’s body a few inches, and blood flowed out directly!
“This doesn’t work either?”Chen Ping pulled out the Dragon Beheading Sword!
Everyone: “…………”
Cang Yue looked at the wounds on his body, and after a moment of shock, he suddenly whimpered!