Xiao Huang Dynasty helped to recapture the mansion, Bai Qian was very happy, but now Xiao Huang Dynasty wanted to include Fox Royal City in the control territory, Bai Qian would never agree!
“Are you the empress of this Fox Emperor City?”
That Captain Zhang once again sized up Bai Shao and then said, “If you say you’re the empress of this place, you are? Even if you really are the empress, you still have to follow our arrangements now.”
“I suspect that the few of you want to cause trouble, so you’re not allowed to enter the city anymore, get out right now, and you can only enter when we have the proper identity!”
“On what grounds? This is my territory?”Bai Shao was anxious!
“Just by virtue of the fact that within this Fox Emperor City, all of them are now people of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”The corner of Captain Zhang’s mouth lifted, and then licked his lips, “You guys can go in if you want to, as long as you two females serve me comfortably, you guys can enter this Fox Emperor City as you please, and I can really let you be the empress of this Fox Emperor City!”
“You …………”
Bai Qian was instantly furious, but she didn’t dare to make a move, after all, the other party was someone from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“I didn’t realise that there are still scum like you among the soldiers of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty ah?”
Chen Ping said with a cold face as he stepped forward!
“Who are you talking about? I think you guys are trying to come to Fox Emperor City to cause trouble, right?”
“Our General is looking to arrest a few troublemakers, I see that you guys fit the bill!”
“Arrest them for me ……”
After Captain Zhang finished speaking, a dozen soldiers instantly surrounded Chen Ping and the others!
Chen Ping just swept a glance without the slightest bit of fear on his face!
“Do you believe that in a moment, how you captured us will be how you release us?”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“I pooh, I don’t believe it, I won’t release you, what can I do?”
“Let me tell you, even if you have an identity and background, which family’s son you are, you will never want to pose in front of me.”
“Our Xiao Dynasty is not afraid of these, and I, Zhang Longhu, am even less afraid ……”
Zhang Longhu’s face was full of arrogance, as a sergeant captain of Xiao Imperial Dynasty, wherever he went, he had to give a few points of face!
Xiao Imperial Dynasty that was the best backer!
Although he was able to tell that Chen Ping and the others might also have some family background, but in Zhang Longhu’s eyes, any background was not worth mentioning!
“Afraid or not, you will know in a moment!”
Chen Ping laughed and even directly stretched out his hands for the soldiers to bind!
Seeing this, Ji Yun and the others did not resist and were bound by the other party!
Just like that, the four of them were escorted towards the great hall of the Fox Emperor City!
This used to be Bai Shallow’s palace, but now when they entered, they had to be escorted and became like prisoners!
In the grand hall, a middle-aged man with a stocky build and squinting eyes was resting on a chair in the grand hall!
It was only after hearing the commotion that he slowly opened his eyes!
“General, there are four guys who wanted to cause trouble and were arrested by me ……”
Zhang Longhu said to General Qian!
General Qian just took a look and frowned slightly, “Zhang Longhu, you’re getting more and more f*cking incapable of doing your job, I want to take the opportunity to get some war credits, so that you can arrest some people who are causing trouble, how can I say that I should arrest some powerful ones.”
“These guys, all of them are small cultivators of the Transition Realm, not even above the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, can this be considered as war merit?”
“Why don’t you catch me some Harmonisation Realm cultivators so I can claim the credit?”
“Rubbish thing, I asked you to catch some powerful ones, especially those from the Demon Sealing Alliance, Emperor Xiao gave the word, in the event of encountering those from the Demon Sealing Alliance looking for trouble, a strand of them will be chopped off first!”
“Jiang family, I see these four guys, they are the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance ……”
Zhang Longhu said with a wink towards General Qian!
General Qian understood and instantly sat up, straightened his figure and said, “You four guys from the Demon Sealing Alliance, what are you doing in Demon Emperor City? Are you defiant and want to avenge the Feng family?”