This was greatly out of his expectation.
“Seven Deadly Star Sovereign, this Chen Ping’s strength is indeed not low, but he might be weak in terms of his spiritual power, so he could not withstand the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s spiritual power attack, and thus became demented!”
That Martial Dao Alliance Elder hurriedly spoke up and explained.
“Not bad, this Chen Ping should be too weak in his spiritual power, after all, people who are gifted with extraordinary talents are not without flaws ……”
Zhu Zhishan also followed and hastily agreed.
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign coldly snorted in disdain, he thought that Chen Ping’s strength had always been just mythologized by others.
At a young age, even if he had cultivated from his mother’s womb, what kind of achievement could he have achieved?
“No matter if this Chen Ping is gifted or not, this time I have another great general inside my puppet corpse ……”
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign laughed loudly.
“Seven Deadly Star Sovereign, you can’t train this Chen Ping into a puppet corpse ……”
Zhu Zhishan hurriedly said to the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign.
“Why? Don’t you want this Chen Ping to die?”
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign looked at Zhu Zhishan in confusion.
“Of course I want this Chen Ping to die, but I need to bring back Chen Ping’s head to do so ……”
Zhu Zhishan explained.
Seeing that Zhu Zhishan wanted to chop off Chen Ping’s head, the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s face changed.
If Chen Ping didn’t have his head anymore, then he wouldn’t be able to practice puppet corpses.
“Lord Zhu, this Chen Ping was subdued by my hand, so it should be my decision on what to do with this Chen Ping, such a good material for refining corpses, and you are just going to say one word and let me give it to you for nothing?”
The Seven Deadly Star Sovereign looked at Zhu Zhishan with great displeasure and said.
Zhu Zhishan frowned, he didn’t expect the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign to contradict himself and disobey his orders!
“Seven Deadly Star Sovereign, don’t forget your identity, I have a demonic order here to re-body ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s face was grim as he said.
Seeing Zhu Zhishan mention the Devil Order, the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign opened his mouth but did not say a word.
Although his face was full of defiance, he did not dare to follow Zhu Zhishan’s lead.
Seeing that the Seven Deadly Astrologers were not speaking, Zhu Zhishan smiled in satisfaction, “Don’t worry, when the time comes, I will find a way to send you a few Martial Marquis to refine your corpses, in addition to having someone send a large amount of resources over to your Blood Corpse Sect.”
This was a combination of grace and power from Zhu Zhishan, he knew that with his strength, if he didn’t have the Demon Order, no one from these evil cultivators would be willing to listen to him.
“Then, thank you very much, Lord Zhu ……”
Seeing that Zhu Zhishan had promised benefits, the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign revealed a satisfied look.
But at this moment, Chen Ping, who had been staring blankly and shaped like a corpse, suddenly smiled at this moment.
“My head, is it that easy to be taken?”
Chen Ping said with a playful expression.
Chen Ping suddenly opened his mouth, causing Zhu Zhishan followed by the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign to both be startled at once.
The two men hurriedly turned to look at Chen Ping, and found that at this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were clear and he was a normal person, where there was not the slightest sign of being controlled.
Zhu Zhishan looked at the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign in confusion, “What’s going on?”
The more the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign was filled with confusion, and then fiercely waved his hands, “Maybe this kid’s spiritual power has broken through the restraints, let me come in ……”
With that, a black mist waved out from the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign’s hands, instantly enveloping Chen Ping once again.
A harsh, miserable scream rang out once again.
Zhu Zhishan and the elder hurriedly covered their ears, as they both felt a pang of unstable mind when they heard this miserable scream with a spiritual attack.
“Humph, do you really think that this mere evil spirit technique can control me? It’s simply too naive.”
Chen Ping let out a cold snort and violently opened his mouth wide!
The black fog that surrounded Chen Ping was instantly sucked into Chen Ping’s body.
It was only when all the black mist had been absorbed that Chen Ping wiped his mouth with satisfaction.