The two of them had just walked out of the hotel when they were stopped by a taxi!
Chen Ping looked and found that it was the same little man who had brought him to the hotel!
Chen Ping was amazed as to why this little man had stopped himself.
“This gentleman, I wonder if you have time, can I treat you to a meal?”
The small man said to Chen Ping.
“No, I’ve said it, a hand up, not to mention you didn’t even ask for your fare, we’re even, no need to be so polite ……”
Chen Ping refused the small man.
But the little man followed Chen Ping with a difficult face!
Chen Ping looked at the small man’s expression and knew that he must not have simply invited himself to dinner alone.
“Do you have other things to do?”
Chen Ping asked.
The small man was full of embarra*sment, then nodded and said, “This gentleman, it was our gang master who asked me to invite you, he wants to meet you ……”
“Gang master?”
Chen Ping was stunned, a taxi driver, how could there be a gang master?
Seeing Chen Ping’s astonished face, the small man hurriedly explained, “We Daxia people who do business here as hawkers, including us taxi drivers, have formed a Daxia gang, in order to avoid being bullied!”
“After just going back and following the gang master about the airport, the gang master wants to meet you ……”
With this explanation from the small man, Chen Ping then understood, but once he saw that they were all Daxia people, Chen Ping nodded and agreed!
In addition Chen Ping might pry into this Ice Bear Island ruins from these people to see if they knew about it.
After all, these people had been living here for decades!
Seeing that Chen Ping agreed, the little man happily invited Chen Ping and Fan Jiang into the car, and then sped off all the way!
Soon, Chen Ping was taken to a compound, which was huge, but there weren’t many houses!
After entering a small two-storey building, the little man hurriedly shouted, “Gang master, the man has been brought ……”
From the upper floor, a middle-aged man walked down slowly. The middle-aged man had a rugged physique, and his body had faint aura fluctuations, so he was obviously a martial artist too!
Only this middle-aged man’s strength is just a Martial Arts Sect, but even this strength, in front of ordinary people, is almost a god-like existence.
The middle-aged man took a glance at Chen Ping and Fan Jiang, but his brow furrowed slightly as he realized that he couldn’t see through Chen Ping and the others at all!
“Please sit down ……”
With a wave of his hand, the middle-aged man motioned for Chen Ping and the others to sit down!
The middle-aged man then turned to the small man and said, “Little Bit, watch the tea ……”
“Yes!” The little man hurriedly poured tea for Chen Ping and Fan Jiang!
“This gentleman, may I ask your name?”
The middle-aged man asked to Chen Ping.
“My name is Chen Ping …….”
Chen Ping replied politely.
“Chen Ping?” The middle-aged man frowned slightly, seemingly thinking about something, then said, “I heard that a very powerful young man came out of our Grand Xia, seemingly also named Chen Ping, who sat in the largest sect in the martial arts world of Kyoto at a young age.”
“It can’t be you, can it?”
The middle-aged man looked at Chen Ping carefully.
Chen Ping did not expect that his fame had spread abroad.
However, he did not want too many people to know his whereabouts, so he shook his head and said, “Probably just a re-name, where would I be able to do that!”
“I think so, you don’t look like a great martial arts marquis either!” The middle-aged man was straightforward in his words, then continued, “It was thanks to you guys for stepping in during the incident at the airport, otherwise several of my men would have suffered.”
“Since you are here, if you need any help, just say so, after all, we are all Daxia people, and our Daxia Gang exists for the sake of Daxia people not being bullied.”
“Then, thank you very much!” Chen Ping politely thanked him and then said, “I wonder what the name of the gang master is ……”
“You can just call me Tang Dali ……”
The middle-aged man said.