The entire curtain of light disappeared with it, and at the moment, only the Fire Spirit Bead and the Heaven Mending Stone were emitting light!
All the pressure within the Sacred Pool also disappeared, and the bottom of the pool became incredibly calm!
“Mr Chen, it seems like you have offended an Immortal, when the time comes, if you ascend to Immortality and enter the Immortal Realm, will you be retaliated against ah?”
Ochre Yan said to Chen Ping!
“Who cares, in that situation just now, if I didn’t scold him and let Ye Liancheng walk out of the light screen, we would all be finished.”
Chen Ping said and picked up the Fire Spirit Pearl!
When Chen Ping took that Heaven Mending Stone into his hands, the Concentrated Heart Skill within his body unexpectedly began to turn far on its own, and a huge suction force continued to absorb the breath within the Heaven Mending Stone!
Chen Ping was astonished, but he quickly reacted and sat down on his knees to start refining that breath!
Perhaps with this Heaven Mending Stone, Chen Ping’s realm could be raised by one step at a time!
Chen Ping could cultivate in a practical manner this time, and time was slipping away by the minute!
And above the Sacred Pool, the Ye Family’s Grand Elder and the others were in a hurry!
Ye Liancheng had been in the water for such a long time, but there was no movement at all, which made everyone in the Ye Family on edge!
Moreover, the Sacred Pool had immediately become calm after a bout of chaos, and now there had been no movement at all!
The Grand Elder had been leading his people to stare at the Sacred Pool with a deadly stare for a very long time now!
“Grand Elder, the family head hasn’t moved for such a long time, will ……”
Someone worriedly asked to the Grand Elder!
“Don’t talk nonsense, the family master is a ninth grade Grandmaster of the Transition Realm, there will definitely not be a problem, let’s wait ……”
The Grand Elder chided.
Now that Ye Liancheng wasn’t there, the Grand Elder had the final say, and Ye Feng was back in that small dark room!
Now not only were the Ye family members anxious, but also anxious were the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the others!
“Mr Chen hasn’t seemed to have come out of the Ye family after all this time, could something have happened?”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man frowned.
“Otherwise, let’s rush into the Ye Family and take a look, logically speaking, after such a long time, no matter what’s going on with Mr Chen, there should always be news.”
Luo Shouhai was also worried about Chen Ping’s safety!
“Just the few of us, aren’t we looking for death by storming into the Ye family?”
Bai Shao looked at the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the others!
Right now, there were only four of them, the Sheng Family crowd had already evacuated, after all, the Sheng Family was large and didn’t dare to lurk in Ye City!
Just the four of them, Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man, Luo Shouhai, Bai Qian and Ji Yun, if they broke into the Ye family, how could the four of them be a match for the Ye family members!
What’s more, the Ye family head was a ninth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, so the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man was no match for him either!
“Ai, is this the way to wait?”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man sighed!
The crowd all fell silent, it was a difficult time!
“Let’s rush into the Ye family together and look for traces of Mr Chen ……”
Right at this moment, Sheng Bushi suddenly appeared in front of several people!
“Sheng Family Master, haven’t you already returned to the Sheng Family?”
Seeing Sheng Bushi, Bai Qian asked curiously!
“I did go back to the Sheng family, and after making some simple arrangements, I brought people back, Mr Chen was trapped in the Ye family in order to save me, so how could I possibly sit back and do nothing.”
“It’s been such a long time, there’s still no news from Mr Chen, we have to go into the Ye family to poke around, even if we’re following the Ye family in a fight to the death, so what!”
Sheng Bushi’s eyes flashed with wariness!
For the sake of Chen Ping, so what if he followed the Ye family and fought to the death once more!
The Sheng family could die, but they could never repay their kindness!
With Sheng Bushi’s words, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the rest of them were also filled with fighting spirit!
“There’s no time to lose, let’s rush into the Ye family now to find Mr Chen, if something bad really happened to Mr Chen, even if I spell out this old life of mine to blow myself up, I’ll still make the Ye family pay the price.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder said with a hideous face!
“Go, go find Mr Chen ……”
Luo Shouhai also said loudly!
A group of people, unabashedly and volubly headed towards the Ye Family!