“President Su, that Lu Qing and the others have found us, only a few of them, all of them were killed.”
Nie Lei said!
“What? Killed?”Su Tianshuo frowned, “That Chen Ping is only the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, and the strength of the men and women around him is even weaker, how could he have killed Lu Qing and the others?”
“Could it be that you guys helped? Or perhaps someone helped that Chen Ping?”
“President Su, we didn’t help, and no one helped that Chen Ping, just Chen Ping himself.”
“To be exact, it’s not even called taking action, after Lu Qing and the others approached Chen Ping, they were ignited by Chen Ping’s sudden outbreak of fire, burning them to the ground!”
“If it wasn’t for me and my brother’s quick hands, I guess a few of them would have given us and you up!”
Nie Hong said!
Listening to Nie Hong’s words, Su Tianshuo did not calm down for a long time!
To know that Lu Qing and the others could all be cultivators of the seventh or eighth grade of the Transitional Realm, this kind of surprisingly in the Celestial Realm was not particularly outstanding, but inside the team of pharmacists, to be able to cultivate to the seventh or eighth grade of the Transitional Realm, it was definitely considered an expert!
And several of them, surprisingly, couldn’t even deal with Chen Ping, that sixth rank of the Transition Realm cultivator?
“It seems that I have underestimated this Chen Ping!”Su Tianshuo said with a grim expression on his face!
And at that moment, Chen Ping, had already approached the light screen and slowly put his hand out!
“Mr Chen, be careful!”
Seeing this, Nie Heng hurriedly warned!
“Chen Ping, don’t be reckless ……”
Ruyan Liu stepped forward and pulled Chen Ping back!
So many cultivators had been injured in the light curtain, Chen Ping could not know what would happen if he also entered the light curtain!
“Don’t worry, I have my measure, this so-called light curtain is nothing more than a test formation!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then broke away from Liu Ruyan and instantly walked into the light curtain!
Chen Ping walked into the light curtain and his figure instantly disappeared!
At this time, Su Tianshuo saw that Chen Ping had actually entered the light curtain and immediately ran over!
Diao Changmin and Pao Longxing both came over as well!
They did not understand why Chen Ping had entered the light curtain!
And after Chen Ping entered the light curtain, his body was instantly torn by a strange force!
Chen Ping wanted to control his body, but he simply could not!
An overpowering aura continuously caused Chen Ping’s body to fly everywhere!
Even though Chen Ping had unleashed his Unbreakable Golden Body, the force still caused Chen Ping to feel his qi and blood surging upwards, and his internal organs churning!
“What kind of aura is this, it’s too strange, it’s not aura, it’s not immortal aura, it’s not demonic aura, in the end, what the hell is it!”
Chen Ping was somewhat overwhelmed by this overpowering aura!
This was because the aura within this curtain of light, Chen Ping had never encountered it at all!
“Indeed it’s quite strange, what the hell is this aura ah, although it seems to be overpowering, it’s not very powerful.”
“Otherwise, you would have died a long time ago, as well as those pill masters who broke in, all of them went out injured and did not die!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was also wondering where this aura had come from!
Just as Chen Ping’s body, like a leather ball, was being beaten around by this strange aura, there was a sudden buzz!
Within Chen Ping’s storage ring, an object suddenly flew out, flashing with light!
“Divine Farmer’s Tripod?”
Chen Ping looked at the thing that suddenly flew out and directly froze!
Only the lines on the Divine Nong Ding were seen to be constantly emitting light!
A bizarre aura within the curtain of light was able to be clearly visible at the moment!
Two breaths flew past the Divine Farmer’s Tripod, and were actually directly sucked into it by the Divine Farmer’s Tripod!
Seeing this, the other auras moved away from the Divine Farmer’s Tripod and continuously attacked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was directly suspended above the Godly Farmer’s Tripod, and those bizarre breaths seemed to be like mice seeing a cat, all circling around Chen Ping, but never attacking him again!