Lin Kefan’s throat rolled, the expression on his face changing and changing!
“Flower Staff Weng, it seems like just now you said that you wanted to enter the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and capture that Chen Ping.”
“Now that I’ve given my permission, you go and catch that Chen Ping. ……”
Lin Kefan said to the Flower Staff Weng!
The Flower Scepter Weng’s body trembled as he laughed awkwardly, “Fourth Prince, you must have misheard me, I didn’t say that.”
“Didn’t?”Lin Kefan sized up the Flower Scepter Weng!
“Absolutely nothing, I swear to heaven ……”
The Flower Staff Weng raised his hand and was about to swear!
“Fourth Prince, that Flower Scepter Weng indeed didn’t say that he was going to get that Chen Ping!”
Mo Killing Shadow, who was on the side, said!
“Mo Killing Shadow opened his mouth to testify for me, I definitely didn’t say that …… “The Flower Scepter Weng sweated coldly!
If Lin Kefan really asked him to go within the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and capture Chen Ping out, then wouldn’t he have to follow the man just now and instantly go up in smoke!
“But just now, Flower Staff Weng said that he can deal with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty by himself, now let him go and destroy the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, then Chen Ping will naturally come out!”
Mo Killing Shadow said with a playful smile!
The Flower Staff Weng froze, he thought that this Mo Killing Shadow was going to help himself, he didn’t think that he was waiting here, this was a set up for himself!
“Mo Killing Shadow, this is really nice of you to say.”The Flower Cane Weng had a disgruntled look on his face, his hand on his cane trembled slightly, “I just said it casually, who knew it would be like this, it simply scared me to death!”
“You old man, you are really full of confidence.”The corner of Mo Killer Shadow’s mouth hooked up into a smile as a flirtatious light flickered in his eyes, “Didn’t you just say that you could deal with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty all by yourself? How come you’ve become such a wimp now?”
“I was looking at the situation!”The Flower Staff Weng hurriedly defended, “I’m not afraid of dying, I’m afraid that after I die, who’s going to give the Fourth Prince a hand?”
“Haha, looks like you’re afraid.”Mo Killing Shadow laughed his head off, “I thought you were an old codger who wasn’t afraid of death, but I didn’t realise that you were also an old man who was afraid of death!”
“You brat, don’t think I don’t know what’s in your heart.”Flower Staff Weng glared at Mo Killing Shadow, “You’re actually drumming in your heart too, right? Otherwise, if you go and try, I don’t believe you’ll be able to exterminate that Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
“Of course I don’t dare to say that.”Mo Killing Shadow shrugged his shoulders, pretending to be relaxed, “But I’m at least stronger than you, at least I dare to try!”
“Try? You can push me up by trying?”Flower Staff Weng disdainfully bristled, “If you dare to go, I dare to follow you and see who gets beaten to dust first!”
“Fine, then we’ll go together, I don’t want to go alone to die anyway.”Mo Killing Shadow raised his eyebrows, the corner of his mouth revealing a wry smile, “But you have to remember, if I get beaten to death first, you don’t come crying to collect my corpse!”
“Don’t worry, I definitely won’t cry.”Flower Cane Weng had a serious face, “I will be laughing on the side to see you beaten into a meat pie!”
“You old man, you’re really hopeless.”Ink Killing Shadow shook his head and couldn’t help but laugh out loud, “But seriously, what exactly was that black shadow just now that didn’t even leave behind a name before it flew away in ashes?”
“I think you’d better stop thinking about it, the more you think about it, the more you panic.”Flower Staff Weng sighed, a hint of gravity in his eyes, “Let’s just think about how to take that Chen Ping away first.”
After Hua Scepter Weng finished speaking, they all put their eyes on Lin Kefan!
Now how to take Chen Ping away, that was Lin Kefan’s business, the two of them didn’t have that ability anymore!
“What are you looking at me for? I can’t enter that Xiao Dynasty either, so I can only wait here slowly!”
Lin Kefan said helplessly!
“Then wait!”
The two people, Ink Killing Shadow and Flower Staff Weng, all nodded their heads!
Since Lin Kefan had said to wait, they could only wait, there was no other way!