Along with a blue smoke rising up, Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu only felt a light aura wrapping around them!
Then time and space travelled before their eyes and disappeared uncontrollably in an instant!
Chen Ping struggled to open his eyes, wanting to see where the moving beads were taking them!
But to his eyes, there were all white lights flying by, and he couldn’t see anything clearly!
Chen Ping could clearly feel that his body was being pulled forward by a force!
When Ning Zhi and the others arrived, they found that Chen Ping and the two of them had already disappeared!
Ning Zhi once again used the eyes on the strange face to try and find out Chen Ping’s location, but after trying several times in a row, they were unsuccessful, it was as if Chen Ping and the two of them had disappeared into thin air!
“Damn, letting the two of them escape, what kind of Kung Fu is this that can make two people disappear out of thin air!”
“It seems like that Zhu Qingxiu used the Shifting Bead, I remember the Ten Thousand Swords Sect having this.”
“That shifting bead is worth a lot of money, that Zhu Qingxiu was even willing to use it, at that time when we were besieging herself, she didn’t even think of using the shifting bead!”
“That’s because she simply didn’t have time to use it, if she had taken out the Shifting Bead, it would have been snatched by us long ago!”
A few devil cultivators said with great reluctance!
Ning Zhi, on the other hand, looked around with a cold face, and with a wave of his hand, the strange face disappeared!
Immediately after that, Ning Zhi took out a very small compass, bit his finger, and placed a drop of blood against the compass!
The compass instantly emitted a red light, Ning Zhi slightly closed his eyes, the whole person fell into silence!
At this time, Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu did not know how far they had been transported, and when they looked at the surrounding scenery, they found that they were surrounded by the vast ocean, and there was no landing point at all!
“What kind of place is this ……? Can not be to the Dead Sea hinterland ah, if an island can not be found, we are not dead?”
Zhu Qingxiu saw the situation, a face of panic said!
There is no landing point, they rely solely on the spiritual energy in the body to fly, afraid that they will not be able to find land to fall into the Dead Sea!
What’s more, Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu had both gone through a great battle and were themselves consumed, where would they still have too much strength to fly in the air!
“Let’s seize the time to recover first, only after recovering can we find the continent faster.”
Chen Ping said to Zhu Qingxiu!
“How can we recover? There isn’t even a place to land, and if we consume like this, I’m afraid that we’ll fall into the Dead Sea before we recover.”
Zhu Qingxiu said with a speechless face!
“Since we don’t have a place to land, we will go to the bottom of the sea to recover, this way we can still avoid the pursuit, they definitely won’t think that we will be at the bottom of the sea.”
Chen Ping said!
“Stop it, this Dead Sea is something that no one can enter, haven’t you seen that those who fell into the Dead Sea were turned into white bones?”
“This half of my face is the one that accidentally touched the Dead Sea in the first place and was cauterised into what it is now, I will never be near the sea again.”
Zhu Qingxiu touched half of her face and said with palpitations!
“Don’t worry, with me here, that sea water can’t hurt you, you forgot that I drilled out from the ground, I’ve been at the bottom of the sea for a long time.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he grabbed Zhu Qingxiu and directly rushed towards the sea!
Seeing this, Zhu Qingxiu was startled and instinctively began to struggle, but she simply could not break free!
Plop!
The two people fell into the dead sea, Zhu Qingxiu was so scared that she lost her colour, but soon she found that her body in the dead sea, unexpectedly did not feel the slightest heat wave, on the contrary, there was a hint of coolness, very comfortable!
“What the …… hell is going on here?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked with a face full of surprise!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled lightly, “I told you, with me here, this seawater can’t hurt you.”
Chen Ping possessed a fire origin not to mention that he also had the Extreme Cold Ice Flame which was a special kind of supreme fire, as long as he slightly emitted some of the Extreme Cold Ice Flame’s aura, the heat waves around him would have disappeared!