When the time came, they would follow the lion and tiger beasts and fight, while Ning Zhi and the few others would be able to reap the benefits!
“How will I know if I don’t try ……”
Chen Ping did not listen to Bai Shallow, but continued towards the inside!
Seeing this, Bai Shallow and Fire Phoenix could only follow Chen Ping as they continued to walk deeper!
“Old Ancestor, how did you …… you bring up the matter of the Ancient Technique?”
Ning Caichen was very puzzled as to why Ning Zhi had to say it out, after all, that merit law was something they had discovered first
“If I don’t say it out, will we be able to get that merit law?”
Ning Zhi asked rhetorically!
Ning Caixin shook his head!
“Since we can’t get it, we might as well tell him, even if we don’t tell him, I believe that Chen Ping will find out himself.””As long as he goes to get the merit technique, he will definitely follow that lion and tiger beast in a fierce battle, and then we can reap the benefits.”
“The few of you stay close to me, as long as Chen Ping and the others follow the lion and tiger beast and fight, we will immediately go and seize the merit law!”
Ning Zhi had long thought about it, while the Lion and Tiger Beasts were fighting after Chen Ping, he took the opportunity to seize the Merit Technique!
Right after Ning Zhi and the others travelled some distance ahead, they immediately heard the sound of a fierce battle!
The corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted, he knew that Chen Ping and the others were fighting after that Lion and Tiger Beast!
At this moment, Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Slashing Sword, was following the Lion-Tiger Beast in a fierce battle!
Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow were also assisting on both sides!
Only to see the lion and tiger beast roar, a white ice mist came towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping flipped his palm and a gust of fire emerged from his palm!
Then he slapped his palm out and a piece of fire went straight towards the ice mist!
However, after Chen Ping’s supreme fire came into contact with the ice mist, it was instantly frozen, and continued to spread!
Chen Ping’s heart was startled, and the Fire Origin Stars within his body continued to flash, and a Dao of Supreme Fire flew out!
However, Chen Ping could only slow down the speed of the ice mist, but could not resist it at all!
One of the flames were frozen and remained burning!
“Too perverted, what the hell is this thing?”
Chen Ping was a little dumbfounded, he did not expect this Lion and Tiger Beast’s ice mist to be so powerful that it could even freeze his own Supreme Flame!
When the Fire Phoenix and White Shallow saw that ice mist heading towards Chen Ping, they were both a little alarmed as well!
With a cry, the fire phoenix transformed into its own body, and then its wings flashed, and a plume of fire kept going towards that ice mist, wanting to block that ice mist for Chen Ping!
Bai Shallow also frowned, and immediately after, nine tails appeared behind her, and a fireball shot out towards that lion and tiger beast!
However, the attacks of the fire phoenix and Bai Shallow did not seem to have much effect on that lion and tiger beast!
At this time, Ning Zhi and his men had already felt it, and when they saw Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow, they were all startled!
“The two girls by Chen Ping’s side surprisingly are both demonesses?”
Ning Caichen said with great surprise!
On the other hand, Ning Zhi’s face was livid with envy and jealousy!
From the Secular Realm to the Celestial Realm, Chen Ping was always accompanied by beautiful girls, and those beautiful girls were all prettier and more powerful than one another!
As for him, he had gone through all the trials and tribulations for the sake of revenge, but he could never catch up with Chen Ping’s pace!
Even now, he didn’t even have a woman by his side!
Ning Caichen felt the hatred in Ning Zhi’s body and couldn’t help but look at him twice more!
He didn’t understand how the Old Ancestor, who didn’t know Chen Ping, could suddenly look at Chen Ping with such a terrifying look in his eyes.
Ning Zhi realised that Ning Caixin was looking at himself, so he suppressed his inner emotions and became calm!
As for Chen Ping at this moment, he had already been sweating profusely, the ice mist spewed out by the Lion and Tiger Beasts alone had left him a little overwhelmed!
Along with the ice mist continuously spreading, soon the entire crack became eerie and icy!
“Quickly go, don’t mind me, quickly go ……”
Chen Ping knew that there was no way for them to block this icy fog, so he could only have the fire phoenix follow Bai Shao back!