At this moment, Chen Ping was not the least bit alarmed by Wang De Fa’s attack, as far as Wang De Fa’s realm was concerned, Chen Ping was not afraid at all!
Even the peak Ninth Grade Martial God of the Great Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect had been defeated, so Wang De Fa, a newly promoted Ninth Grade Martial God, could be easily defeated by Chen Ping!
Looking at Wang Defa’s long sword, Chen Ping dodged it in an instant with a flick of his body!
Wang De Fa was stunned, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to dodge his attack so easily!
Wang Deifa once again shouted explosively, “Ten Thousand Swords of All Heavens ……”
The long sword in Wang Defa’s hand transformed into countless sword maces, which then all headed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping adjusted his breath and flicked his hands, his fingertips emitting countless powerful qi, and then followed the sword mane and collided with it!
Boom …………
A loud explosion rang out, followed by the entire space beginning to shake, and the sea even raised a huge wave!
The first time I saw him, I was able to get to him. Remember the website m.lqzw.org
Wang Defa’s face was grave, and his eyes were slightly narrowed as he looked at Chen Ping.
And that has been following the demon beast fight the Seven Deadly Jun, also from time to time look over here, when he saw Chen Ping actually barehanded empty fist followed Wang De Fa fight, also showed very surprised!
“How dare you seek revenge from me with that kind of skill?”
Chen Ping looked at Wang Defa and sneered, then he gently grabbed his right hand towards the sea!
A pillar of water instantly rose from the surface of the sea, and then the pillar of water was grasped in Chen Ping’s hand and turned into a lance, and above the lance, one could still see the air currents swirling and surging!
Chen Ping threw the lance in his hand towards Wang Defa, instantly causing a disturbance in heaven and earth, and a huge whirlpool began to appear on the sea.
Feeling this scene, Wang Defa’s face became incomparably ugly, he never thought that Chen Ping, who was only a mere Third Grade Martial God, would be able to exert such an astonishing aura!
Wang De Fa gritted his teeth and fiercely slashed the long blade in his hand forward, which instantly smashed into that seawater illusion lance, directly shattering it.
Seeing this, a cold smile appeared on Wang Defa’s face, he did not expect Chen Ping’s aura to be amazing, but his strength was not good!
But just when Wang Defa was pleased with himself, suddenly the shattered spear slowly solidified again and instantly became a spear again, coming directly at Wang Defa!
Wang Defa could not dodge it, so he could only put his long sword across his chest to block the lance’s attack!
Boom …………
Wang De Fa’s body was instantly knocked out of the way, and a gaping hole appeared in the long sword in his hand!
Wang Defa’s body kept retreating above the sea, cutting through a wave, and kept flying hundreds of metres before stopping.
Fresh blood spurted out of his mouth and his breath quickly withered away!
When the many martial artists of the Heavenly Thunder Sect saw this, they were all shocked. Even Wang Defa was no match for that Chen Ping, so wouldn’t they all die for nothing?
The Seven Deadly Monarchs, who had been observing the situation, changed their faces, the shock in their eyes was beyond words!
He had not expected that Chen Ping would be able to severely injure Wang Defa with a single move, such a difference in strength was by no means something he could deal with.
Judging by this, Chen Ping was not a Third Grade Martial God, he had definitely reached the level of Martial Emperor!
They had all thought that Chen Ping was a Third Grade Martial God, and this misjudgement of strength had resulted in them being easily killed by Chen Ping!
The Seven Deadly Monarchs were also a little thankful at this point, thankful that they had kept an eye out, otherwise with their peak Ninth Grade Martial God realm, they would have never been a match for that Chen Ping!
“Go …………”
The Seven Deadly Monarchs hurriedly greeted the people of the Flying Star Sect to evacuate!
And the people of the Heavenly Thunder Sect also wanted to escape, but they were all tangled up in the demonic beasts, and there was no way to get out for a while!