“Considering that you are of the same devil race as us, get lost immediately and your life can be spared!”
One of the three devil cultivators looked towards the Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man and said in a cold voice!
When the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man heard this, he immediately laughed coldly and said, “I shucks, what the hell are you guys, and you’re sparing my life.”
“You guys also no longer ask around the Heavenly Demon Mountain area, my Demon Mountain Ghost Older’s reputation!”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man hoped to rely on his name to scare these three away!
After all, they were here to save people, and it would be great if these three guys were scared away!
But who knows, when Devil Mountain Ghost Old reported his name, the other party coldly smiled “What the f*ck Devil Mountain Ghost Old, we don’t know.”
“Don’t bullsh*t, do it …….”
Chen Ping knew that the more they delayed, the worse it would be for them!
“Mr Chen, you go save the others, just leave these three guys to the two of us.”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder said!
He had just gone through the Demonic Tribulation Cloud and his strength had grown rapidly, and he was also able to fight over the levels, so the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder wanted to fight two by himself!
“Let’s go together, it’s best if we can have a quick battle, if not, you guys can stall each other, I have a way to get out.”
Chen Ping said to the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder!
“Understood!” The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder nodded!
“You have to be careful!” Chen Ping looked towards Bai Shallow and urged!
Bai Shallow felt Chen Ping’s concern and was a little stunned for a moment, this guy had never cared about her before!
Always used himself as a bodyguard!
In fact, Chen Ping was not hard-hearted, even if Bai Shallow had bonded with him to optimise her bloodline, but after all, it had been such a long time!
Chen Ping’s emotions towards Bai Shallow were also slowly changing!
This was probably the so-called sleeping out feelings!
“Be careful yourself, at the first rank of the Transition Realm, always running into these great cultivators of the seventh or eighth rank of the Transition Realm is enough to make things difficult for you.”
Bai Qian said with a faint smile!
“Don’t worry, I’m drawing the devil whip again ……”
Chen Ping took out his Demon Drawing Whip and then flung it in the air, ringing out a crisp sound!
Seeing the devil whip in Chen Ping’s hand, the three devil cultivators were obviously stunned, followed by one of them saying “I didn’t expect the devil whip of the Ancient Body Refining Clan to be in your kid’s hand, today it’s just the right time to take the whip over ……”
After saying that, the breath within the three devil cultivators instantly erupted, as if rolling waves, constantly surging!
The sky was filled with dark clouds and lightning!
The three devil cultivators did not hesitate to strike!
In an instant, the sounds of fighting continuously resounded throughout the sky!
One of the demonic cultivators faced Chen Ping with a face full of mockery “Kid, hand over the Demon Drawing Whip, I can let you die a quick and painful death.”
“You, a tiny cultivator of the first rank of the Transition Realm, dare to compete with me of the seventh rank of the Transition Realm?”
“I can beat ten like you, believe it or not?”
That demonic cultivator did not put Chen Ping in his eyes in the slightest!
After all, the higher the cultivation realm, the greater the gap between each small realm!
Not to mention that Chen Ping followed the other party with a difference of six minor realms, which could simply be crushed with a single finger!
“Fight ten? You can defeat me first before you say ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
“Good, since you kid is looking for death, I will fulfil you ……”
Saying that, a ball of supreme fire ignited in that demonic cultivator’s hand, and then that ball of supreme fire transformed into a fiery red spirit sword!
“I’ll chop you up with one sword, and then take your Demon Whip!”
After that devil cultivator finished speaking, he steeply leapt up!
The longsword in his hand erupted into a crimson flame!
This flame carried a scorching aura as it came towards Chen Ping head on!
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly pulled out the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand!
There was a snapping sound!
The flame was directly snapped off from it, but it was still heading towards Chen Ping without losing momentum!
Boom!
Chen Ping was hit by that flame and his body flew backwards!
Fortunately, Chen Ping had an Unbreakable Golden Body and did not suffer much damage!
Chen Ping’s body was retreating backward before he turned around and ran towards the side!
Chen Ping knew that following the other party’s Transition Realm 7th Grade Great Cultivator in a fight, if he didn’t use a little bit of scheming, Chen Ping would have no chance of winning at all!