“No …… no ……” Yumiko cried out in pain and threw herself headlong at Fumio Watanabe: “Dad, I’m not leaving, I’m not going anywhere, I want to stay with you ……”
“Yumiko, listen to me, you don’t know what you will suffer if you are sent to the shrine, you are still young now, you will understand later, you follow Mr. Chen, I believe that with Mr. Chen’s person, he will protect you ……”
After saying that, Watanabe Fumio looked at Chen Ping and said, “Of course I won’t let Mr. Chen help for nothing, our Watanabe family will be giving a batch of resources to the shrine, I plan to give all of these to Mr. Chen, just as a reward ……”
At this point, it confused Chen Ping a bit, he originally came to destroy the Watanabe family, but now it has turned out to be like this.
Did he really have to take Yumiko and a batch of resources back with him?
It would be impossible to account for bringing back an island beauty all of a sudden, right?
But just when Chen Ping was at a loss for words and didn’t know how to answer Watanabe Fumio, Old Fan on the side spoke up, “Old man Watanabe, stop showing off your father-daughter affection and playing the emotion card here, and talk about your other solutions ……”
Hearing Old Fan say so, that Watanabe Fumio’s face instantly turned red with embarra*sment.
“Master Fan, I do have one more way ……”
Watanabe Fumio could only say with an awkward smile.
“Let’s see what Watanabe family head says ……”
Chen Ping asked.
“That is I would like Mr. Chen to go out and kill that Watanabe Fumio and also that Watanabe Kazuo, once all these people are dead, the entire Watanabe family will be under my control with one hand.”
“Of course Mr. Chen’s reward will certainly be very rich.”
Watanabe Fumio said.
“But in that case, you still have to obey the shrine’s orders.”
“Yumiko is still being sent away all the same.”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
Watanabe Fumio shook his head, “When the Watanabe family is all under my control, there is no way the shrine will give up the entire Watanabe family for the sake of my daughter.”
“And sending my daughter to the shrine is most likely that Watanabe Kazuo’s own idea, as long as he dies, no one will be pursuing this matter.”
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he continued to ask, “You could have done it yourself, after all, you are still the head of the Watanabe family, so why did you pay me to do it?”
“Because he doesn’t have that strength, the samurai beside Watanabe Kazuo, Chishima Chuan, even if he, Watanabe Fumio, brought all his experts with him, he wouldn’t necessarily be a match.”
Watanabe Fumio didn’t say anything, but Old Fan, who was on the side, spoke up and explained.
“Master Fan is right, that Chishikawa is a famous master of kendo, no one knows his true strength, so ……”
Watanabe Fumio smiled awkwardly!
“Then you are sure that I can beat that Chishikawa?” Chen Ping asked doubtfully.
After all, his own strength was unknown to that Watanabe Fumio, so how could he dare to guarantee that he could beat that Thousand Island Chuan?
If he failed, wouldn’t he also suffer along with him?
Watanabe Fumio did not say anything, but instead looked at Old Fan at the side.
The meaning was obvious: if Chen Ping was no match, then let Old Fan fight, after all, Old Fan was Chen Ping’s friend!
And Chen Ping instantly understood what Watanabe Fumio meant, it was because he wanted to invite Lao Fan to fight through himself!
“Ten billion dollars, whoever you want me to kill, I’ll kill ……”
Old Fan saw Watanabe Fumio looking at himself and slowly said.
Watanabe Fumio had a difficult face, “Master Fan, I really can’t get ten billion dollars, but I will do my best and put out everything I can, you and Mr. Chen are friends, I hope ……”
“Stop, a friend is a friend, business is business, you can’t mix them up, if you can’t take it out, then let’s not talk about it.”
Old Fan didn’t give the slightest bit of face, which embarra*sed Watanabe Fumio!