Looking at the wretched state of his body, Fan Jiang’s eyes had a regal chill in them!
A sharp look that sent shivers down one’s spine!
“Kid, I will make your life worse than death ……”
The aura on Fan Jiang’s body unexpectedly began to surge once again.
Chen Ping felt the aura on Fan Jiang’s body and his face became even more ugly, he still thought he could kill Fan Jiang with one strike!
But in the end, he had underestimated the strength of a Martial Marquis at the peak.
Now that he had lost the best chance to escape, Chen Ping began to feel a little remorseful.
At this moment, he could only hope on the life-preserving rune that Mr. Shi had given him.
“The peak of Martial Marquis is really powerful, it’s just a pity that you are foolishly gifted and have not stepped into the realm of Great Martial Marquis for so many years ……”
Chen Ping gasped, deliberately angering Fan Jiang!
He knew that when people were extremely angry, they would make mistakes!
As Fan Jiang listened to Chen Ping’s humiliation, his face really became furious!
For so many years, he had never stepped into the realm of the Great Martial Marquis, and this had always been a sore spot in Fan Jiang’s heart!
Now that Chen Ping was exposing his scar in front of him, how could Fan Jiang not be angry!
“You seek death ……”
Fan Jiang put his Tiger Head Sword behind his back and began to gather a burst of light above his hands!
This burst of light followed Fan Jiang and fused into one, while Fan Jiang’s mouth was still chanting!
All that could be seen was a string of words flashing in mid-air, flickering with light.
“You’re not the only one who can do magic, now it’s time to give you a taste of my power too ……”
As Fan Jiang said that, the strings of words suddenly converged together and exploded into a dazzling light!
And a terrifying aura also instantly headed towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping frowned tightly, anxious inside!
At this rate, there was no way for him to find a chance to escape!
“Whoosh!”
Soon, a Zhen character formed in mid-air, like an iron tower!
It pressed hard towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping felt the air around him stagnate, and his entire body felt like a huge mountain was pressed down on him!
The ground beneath his feet began to crack, and Chen Ping’s feet sank into the ground!
Chen Ping dared not wait for the slightest moment, putting away his Dragon Cutting Sword and waving his palms violently, a golden light instantly met him.
Boom!
The terrifying Qi energy exploded instantly!
Chen Ping only felt his body lurch, followed by endless darkness.
A burst of soreness came from all over his body, causing Chen Ping to grit his teeth to death!
I don’t know how long it took, but Chen Ping felt as if he was trapped in a cage, surrounded by endless darkness!
Breathing became unbearably difficult too!
“I never thought that you would still be alive …………”
At this moment, Fan Jiang’s voice came from above Chen Ping’s head!
Only at this moment did Chen Ping realize that his entire body had been directly knocked into the ground by a huge force!
No wonder in an instant, his eyes just went black and his breathing became difficult!
A spiritual force instantly condensed in the palms of his feet, and Chen Ping’s body leapt straight out!
Chen Ping’s face was incomparable as he stared at Fan Jiang, and even the burst of intense pain that came from him made Chen Ping know that he was afraid that his physical body wouldn’t be able to resist for much longer.
Chen Ping fumbled with the life-preservation rune on his body, preparing to use it to resist Fan Jiang’s blow later, while he took the opportunity to escape.
If the fight continued, there would really be no chance at all.
Fan Jiang seemed to have seen Chen Ping’s intention to escape, and the corners of his mouth lifted slightly.
“You want to escape? Don’t you want to take revenge for your girlfriend?”
As Fan Jiang finished speaking, a burst of blood mist actually began to rise around his body!
The blood-red mist gave off a burst of aura that Chen Ping was very familiar with!
It was Su Yuqi’s aura!
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open, and his face was getting thicker and thicker with anger ……
He didn’t expect that this Fan Jiang was actually sucking Su Yuqi’s blood to improve his strength as well!
“Your girlfriend’s blood is really the best cultivation resource in the world, it’s just a pity that after taking so much of it, I still haven’t been able to break through to the Great Martial Marquis realm, a pity, a pity …………”
Fan Jiang looked at Chen Ping playfully, this time, it was his turn to anger Chen Ping.