After saying their goodbyes, Chen Ping followed Zhen Yuandao and the others, while they followed Fei Wenqiang to the Xiao Dynasty!
Chen Ping and the others sat inside the car while outside, eight spirit beasts pulled the car forward!
These eight spirit beasts all had huge wings, but their bodies were tiger-like, hence the name Flying Tiger Beast!
“Prime Minister Yu, does your Xiao Imperial Dynasty breed many spirit beasts?”
Chen Ping asked!
It was important to know that raising spirit beasts was very troublesome and expensive, many people couldn’t even get the resources for their own cultivation, much less the resources for their spirit beasts to consume!
Therefore, many people would not be able to domesticate spirit beasts, and even in the larger clans, not many of them domesticated spirit beasts!
Now the Xiao Dynasty was still raising spirit beasts and using them to pull carts for travelling, it could be seen that this Xiao Dynasty was really rich!
“It’s not a lot, comparing to the Xiao Imperial Dynasty being so big, there are many places that need spirit beasts.”
“Now it is estimated that there can be a few thousand spirit beasts right ……”
Yu Wenqiang said!
“Several thousand heads?”
Chen Ping was shocked, even Zhen Yuandao and the others, they all had a shocked look on their faces!
Thousands of spirit beasts, this was a large amount of consumption every day, apart from the top forces of the Celestial Realm like the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, it was feared that no one would be able to afford to raise so many spirit beasts!
“Mr Chen don’t worry, only a few dozen spirit beasts are sick, not all of them are sick.”
Seeing Chen Ping’s look, Yu Wenqiang hurriedly explained!
He thought that Chen Ping had been shocked at the sound of several thousand spirit beasts!
After all, thousands of spirit beasts, even if Chen Ping was powerful, he probably had no way to cure them, he could not see them all even if he was tired to death ah!
“Prime Minister Yu, may I ask what kind of diseases these spirit beasts are suffering from?”
Chen Ping wanted to understand in advance, these spirit beasts in the end what disease, when the time to know how to start!
“Mr Chen, these spirit beasts have different symptoms, so I can’t tell you in detail, wait until we get to the place, you can see for yourself!”
Yu Wenqiang said!
“Alright!”Chen Ping nodded and said nothing more!
The flying tiger beast pulled the car to fly rapidly in mid-air, and after travelling for nearly a day, it drove a very grand, spectacular city!
This city was afraid that it was many, many times bigger than the Demon Emperor City!
“Is this the Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
Chen Ping looked at the city below and said in shock!
“Mr Chen, this is the capital city of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, No Regret City, in fact, we have long since entered the boundaries of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
“The entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty has one hundred and seventy-two capital cities, the territory is extremely wide!”
Yu Wenqiang said!
Only then did Chen Ping understand that they had long entered the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and this huge city was just the capital city of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Chen Ping had heard that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had a huge power, but he did not expect it to be this big!
The flying tiger beast fell down towards the city of no regrets, and only when it got closer did Chen Ping realise that this huge city of no regrets was surrounded by formations!
It seems that this Xiao Dynasty also has the existence of formation masters, then there should also be pharmacists, but it looks like the pharmacists of the Xiao Dynasty can’t handle these sick spirit beasts!
The Flying Tiger Beast pulled the car and landed at the city gates, several guards opened the gates respectfully immediately after seeing the Flying Tiger Beast!
Seeing this, the many people in the city also flashed away from the road, stopping and not moving anyone!
Chen Ping swept a glance at the city gate guards who were surprisingly at the strength of the Ferrying Realm!
Zhen Yuandao and the others were all looking on with shocked faces as well, it seemed that they too had never been to this No Regret City!
Even the gate guards were of the Transitional Appearance Realm, so it could be seen to what extent the strength of this Xiao Imperial Dynasty had reached!
Zhen Yuandao and the four great families of Yongle City really counted for nothing in front of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Even Chen Ping, who had travelled extensively and seen a lot of the world, was now deeply shocked by the power of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!