In the Hidden Realm, in the middle of a mountain range!
Chen Ping, with Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu, was weaving inside the jungle, and behind them, there were a dozen terrifying auras in hot pursuit!
“Chen Ping, what the hell have you done? How come since we left the Pure Yang Sect, there have been quite a few people chasing us?”
“Tell me, did you steal someone else’s woman and cuckold her, and they’re the ones who are biting.”
Hu Puzi panted and asked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping gave Hu Pazi a blank look and said, “You only have eyes for women, don’t you? You think everyone is like you and likes to linger everywhere!”
“I didn’t provoke these guys just to save you!”
Chen Ping told the story of what happened at the Water Fairy Palace ruins after Hu Pazi, who was grateful to Chen Ping upon hearing it!
But there were people chasing them in all directions here, which made it a little difficult for Pocky Hu!
Moreover, these people were all highly powerful, if they were to throw one of them within the martial arts world, they would be able to create a storm of characters! 首发网址 https://m.lqzw.org
“This Martial Dao Realm, when did so many hidden families come out, each with high perverted strength!”
Hu Ma Zi kept complaining!
And Long Xingxu was covered in sweat at this time, his strength was the weakest here, and he had never seen so many experts, each and every one of them was a Martial God.
You know that a Martial God was a god-like existence in his mind!
Although he had swallowed the Spiritual Fruit and had himself stormed to the Martial Saint realm, there was still a world of difference between following a Martial God!
Soon, Chen Ping, who was running, came to a sudden stop, and with a frown, a divine sense went into the distance!
Immediately afterwards, his face became very ugly and said, “We have to change our path, there is someone blocking the way ahead ……”
With that, the three men picked a new path and ran again!
Chen Ping, the three of them, were thus surrounded and blocked, running from morning to evening, but they simply could not run away from here.
“Brother Chen Ping, or else you and Master Hu should go first and leave me alone ……”
Long Xingxu really couldn’t run anymore and could only sit under a big tree to rest!
He knew that carrying himself was a burden, that’s why he said so to Chen Ping!
“What nonsense, I won’t abandon you.” Chen Ping said with a serious face.
“Let’s rest for a while, I’ll lay a few spell formations around, if someone comes, we can fend them off for a while!”
Hu Ma Zi finished speaking and pulled out a few talismans, then hundreds of metres away, he began to set them up!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was staring at the sky with a stony face, contemplating a way of escape!
How could he have expected that these guys would move so quickly and send so many people?
Without Long Xingxu and Hu Pazi, it would have been easy for Chen Ping to escape on his own, but with the two of them, he would have been somewhat restricted!
Just as Chen Ping was pondering how to escape, Yue Buqun inside the Pure Yang Sect was also in a state of anxiety!
“Master, that Flying Star Sect and Heavenly Thunder Sect have sent a large number of men after Mr. Chen and the others!”
“And there’s also a group of people that should be from that Burning Heaven Sect, now all three parties want to capture Mr. Chen, I guess it’s hard for them to pull out of the Hidden Realm!”
Liu Rui followed Yue Buqun and said.
“Liu Rui, Liu Xing, you two go look for Mr. Chen immediately, then take him out of here by water, we can’t let them get caught!”
Yue Buqun said to Liu Xing and Liu Rui.
“Take the water route?” When Liu Xing heard this, his face changed slightly and said, “Master, if we take the water route, we have to sail from the sea, this sea is rampant with demonic beasts and there is an old monster guarding on top of that fishing island, we are afraid we won’t be able to cross, right?”
“Now we can only take the water route, how can we know if we don’t try, the other directions, I guess they would have been sent by several families to stare at them!”
Yue Buqun said with a frown.
“Then …… What about when we meet that old monster? I heard that he even eats people.”
It was obvious that that Liu Xing was very afraid of the old monster that he had spoken of!
“Those are all rumors, you don’t need to believe them, hurry up and go ……”
Yue Buqun said as he glared at Liu Xing.
Liu Xing didn’t dare to say anything more, he could only follow Liu Rui and set off!