Soon, several people were seated, and Shen Mengchen deliberately sat next to Bai Zhantang, and it could be seen that she was quite fond of him!
During the meal, Shen Mengchen was always following Bai Zhantang and asking questions, but she didn’t care about Chen Ping.
Shen Dianshan also seemed to be enthusiastic about Bai Zhantang, while Chen Ping was somewhat of a sidekick, but Chen Ping didn’t care and just ate silently by himself!
“Uncle Shen, I heard from my schoolmate that Uncle Shen is known as Shen Yi, just by looking at him, he can tell everyone’s fortune of origin, I wonder if I can ask Uncle Shen to look at it for me as well?”
After getting acquainted, Bai Zhan Tang asked Shen Dianshan.
“Dad, you can tell the senior, I think the senior is a rich and noble son, he will definitely be great in the future ……”
Shen Mengchen also said at the side.
Shen Dianshan smiled slightly: “Duke Bai is indeed a rich and noble son, and his family is still very rich, only …………”
“Uncle Shen, only what?” Bai Zhantang was startled and hurriedly asked.
“It’s just that your Bai family is in a state of decline and needs the support of a nobleman. As long as the nobleman appears and your Bai family seizes the opportunity, then it will definitely be possible to keep the Bai family flourishing for a hundred years!”
Shen Dansan said indifferently.
“Uncle Shen, who is that noble person?” Bai Zhantang hurriedly asked Shen Dansan after glancing at Chen Ping.
If Chen Ping was that noble person, he would have to be even more respectful to Chen Ping, if Chen Ping was not that noble person, then there would be no need for their Bai family to waste energy on Chen Ping.
“Hahahaha, the sky must not be revealed, the words stop here ……”
Shen Dansan stroked his beard and gave a laugh!
Bai Zhan Tang laughed and was not good at pursuing the question, but right now he could only consider Chen Ping as that valuable person!
“Dad, take a look at this guy, I see that he has a bad life, but his peach blossom luck is quite strong, but it looks like he will have a bloodbath soon, but if you look at it carefully, you can’t see through it!”
Shen Mengchen pointed at Chen Ping and said to Shen Dianshan.
Shen Dansan didn’t even look at Chen Ping, but shook his head!
“Dad, what do you mean by that? Could it be that this guy is hopeless?”
Shen Mengchen said in surprise.
Because it was often people who were going to die that Shen Dansan would shake his head and not give a look, because there was no longer a need to look, and although he could see the misfortune, he didn’t have that ability to change fate against the odds!
“Don’t dare to look at ……”
Shen Dansan faintly spat out three words!
“Don’t dare to look?” Shen Mengchen was startled, for she had never heard of her father saying those three words!
Chen Ping was also slightly stunned after hearing Shen Dansan spit out the three words, and slowly raised his head to look at Shen Dansan before lowering his head again!
“Dad, why don’t you dare to show him?” Shen Mengchen said with a puzzled look on her face!
“Don’t ask anymore, let’s talk about something else, and I’m warning you, no more reading your face!”
Shen Dianshan said to Shen Mengchen with a slightly angry face.
“Oh, got it!” Shen Mengchen nodded his head!
When the meal was almost finished, Shen Mengchen suddenly spoke to Shen Dianshan, “Dad, Senior and the others are going to Xuan Yue Valley tomorrow, can I go with them?”
“Alright!” Shen Dansan nodded his head!
Shen Mengchen was stunned, “Dad, what’s wrong with you today? Didn’t you never let me go to Xuan Yue Valley? Why did you let me go this time?”
“Today is different, you’re old enough, it’s time to go around!”
Shen Dianshan said as he gave Shen Mengchen a doting look.
“Great, I love you so much dad ……”
Shen Mengchen happily threw her arms around Shen Dianshan’s neck and laughed!
“Okay, you take the white gongzi around the house and enjoy the scenery ……”
Shen Dansan said with a smile.
“Good!” Shen Mengchen nodded and looked at Bai Zhan Tang and said, “Senior, I’ll show you around my house, I’ve raised a few koi that can understand human words ……”