Especially Zuo Tianzheng, in order to be able to swallow Xiao Huangzhao, he had almost cut off all those devil experts that he had accumulated over the years!
Now if Xiao Huang Dynasty was not able to take it down, after burying the lives of these experts in front of him, then the strength of the Demon Sealing Alliance would be greatly reduced!
He was a little afraid that if the strength of the Demon Sealing Alliance was greatly reduced, he was afraid that he wouldn’t even have the qualifications to be a dog for someone anymore!
Zuo Tianzheng put his eyes on that Tenth Highness!
He hoped that this Tenth Highness was just testing the waters and hadn’t exploded with his full strength!
The Tenth Highness’ face was full of anger at the moment, looking at his injured arm and gnashing his teeth in anger!
He had never thought that he would be injured in the Celestial Realm!
One must know that he was now at the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm!
This kind of strength could be an existence that could reach the top in the Celestial Realm, how many peak Mahayana Realm experts were there in the entire Celestial Realm?
As for those experts of the Immortalisation Realm, they were even more invisible!
Upon reaching the Immortalisation Realm, many cultivators would just stop asking questions about the world and just wait to cultivate until they ascended into Immortality!
That’s why the five domain lords of the Celestial Realm hadn’t shown up for hundreds of years!
They were all experts at the Immortalisation Realm!
“Little brat, no big deal, a mouthful of old mongrels, if I don’t teach you a lesson, you really think you’re invincible.”
Daoist Wuji said coldly to that 10th Highness!
“Daoist Wuji, don’t show mercy, get this little thane.”
“You can’t treat him like a child, he’s not worthy ……”
Master Limitless hurriedly shouted loudly at Daoist Wuji!
In order to block that Ten Highnesses, Grandmaster Limitless used all his means, and in the end, he directly burned his own essence blood!
One must know that in the Celestial Realm, there was no way for him to get replenished!
With the burning of his essence blood, his strength must have dropped quite a bit again!
Whether or not he could still beat a cultivator of the fourth or fifth rank of the Mahayana realm now, Master Limitless couldn’t even guarantee it!
To think that he was a Heavenly Realm Immortal, but now he was in this state.
Truly, a tiger falling down was bullied by a dog, a dragon swimming in shallow water was played with by a shrimp; a cat with ambition was more male than a tiger, a phoenix with fallen feathers was inferior to a chicken.
“Master Limitless, haven’t you always taught me to be kind?”
Xiao Jian looked at Master Limitless and asked!
“Second Prince, it depends on when, a pretentious little thane like this has to be killed to relieve his anger!”
Master Limitless finished speaking, then folded his hands, “Amitabha Buddha ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but smile as he looked at that appearance of Master Limitless!
And at this time, that 10th Highness, his face had become hard to see, and the condescension in his heart had long disappeared!
He knew that he had met a true master!
He originally thought that he had just come to the kindergarten to beat up a bunch of children!
However, he didn’t expect that besides having children inside the kindergarten, there were even adults, and now the appearance of Daoist Wuji was like an adult that had appeared!
It made the Tenth Highness have to pay attention!
The Tenth Highness stared at Daoist Wuji dead in the face, not launching an attack!
On the other hand, Daoist Wuji smiled coldly and took a step towards that Tenth Highness!
This step was taken while the duster in his hand was swung!
Seeing this, the Tenth Highness could only slam the longsword in his hand towards the front as well!
At this moment, he had reached the point of passive defence!
There was no capital left for an active attack!
Daoist Wuji could spend time with him or attack at any time!
The Tenth Highness could only fight to defend as well!
Boom!
The two rays of light suddenly erupted, and a wave of light quickly dispersed in the void!
Seeing this, the crowd could only retreat and dodge once again!
This strike caused the sun and moon in the sky to instantly become lustreless!
After the wave of light had passed through, even the remnants of the walls were gone, all turned into powder!
There were no buildings to be seen, no corpses to be seen, and it was even impossible to tell that this had once been a prosperous imperial city!
Regardless of whether it was Xiao Yuanshan or an expert in the Mahayana realm like Zuo Tianzheng, neither of them dared to take the power of this strike lightly!