But this time, the bell hammer was like a mountain, no matter how hard Yu Qian tried, he couldn’t shake it!
Everyone looked on in shock, not understanding that Yu Qian, who had just been able to strike the dragon bell five times, could not even hold the hammer at this moment!
“As I said, this is our family’s stuff, only I can ring this Dragon Tattoo Bell now ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Chen Ping, then try, if you can ring it again, I will admit that this Dragon Pattern Bell is your family’s and you can take it away as you please!”
Yu Qian didn’t quite believe it, he couldn’t even pick up the bell hammer anymore, Chen Ping could still hold it!
“Fine!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and with a direct wave of his hand, the bell hammer actually went into Chen Ping’s hand by itself!
Immediately after Chen Ping swung the hammer down, the mellifluous sound of the bell instantly rang out, the sound was incomparably thick, like a torrent of river water, unending!
Everyone’s heart and soul actually trembled under the sound of the bell, and they fell into ecstasy!
Although there was no golden dragon soaring this time, the bell nevertheless rang for a full ten minutes!
And during these ten minutes, everyone was motionless, all immersed in the sound of the bell!
Only when the bell stopped did the crowd react!
If Chen Ping were to lay hands on them during this time, it was estimated that not a single person would survive!
“Do you believe now?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Yu Qian.
Yu Qian did not say anything, but the expression on his face was incredibly complicated.
Seeing that Yu Qian did not say anything, Chen Ping gently stroked his palm on the Dragon Tattooed Bell, which instantly became smaller and was then taken into Chen Ping’s storage ring!
But this time, no one was stopping Chen Ping, and no one spoke up!
Even that Yao Shenghui’s face looked to the side with an ugly expression, who dared to doubt Chen Ping’s words when things had come to this point?
After collecting the Dragon Tattooed Bell, the power of the divine dragon within Chen Ping instantly returned to the Dragon Family!
After knowing the origins of the Bell Hammer and the Dragon Tattooed Bell, Chen Ping was certainly able to harness them with ease!
Because in order to manipulate these two ancient divine weapons, one needed to use the power of the divine dragon to do so, if one relied on spiritual power alone and forced it, it would not be able to fully utilise the power of the two divine weapons!
And the power of the divine dragon is only possessed by the dragon clan, so even if ordinary people obtained these two ancient divine weapons, they would not be able to use them!
That was why Chen Ping could easily pick up the bell hammer and ring the dragon bell with ease!
“Alright, from now on, the ringing of the Dragon Tattoo Bell will be abolished in the Secret Realm a*sembly.”
“I will now announce the start of the Secret Realm a*sembly bout, so each group will go and find their own ring!”
Yu Qian hurriedly announced the start of the a*sembly bout, otherwise if they continued to tangle over the dragon tattoo bell, they would all be beaten in the face by Chen Ping!
As Yu Qian announced the start of the bout, the major secret realms began to search for their own ring!
Yao Shenghui leapt up and landed directly on top of the first ring, which had a big word Earth written on it, and this was the ring of the Earth Gate Secret Realm!
And the others were each looking for the ring belonging to their own secret realm, because the first one to stand on top of the ring had to be the young man with the highest strength in the major secret realms, because only then would they not be easily attacked successfully!
The top five people on the Wind and Cloud Ranking all found their respective rings and stood first without dispute!
But in the Fire Sect Secret Realm, Jin Li Fu wanted his son, Jin Yuan, to fight at the head, after all, in the Fire Sect Secret Realm, he was the one with the highest strength!
But now that Chen Ping had directly revealed a lot by ringing the Dragon Tattoo Bell, leaving many people unable to fathom Chen Ping’s true strength, Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya wanted Chen Ping to be the first to hold the ring!
Without knowing their opponent’s true strength, many people would choose to avoid Chen Ping’s and would not follow him into the fight, so that they could hold the ring in the Fire Sect’s secret realm for a longer period of time.