“Today, no death or rest ……”
Chen Ping slowly spoke, his voice so cold that it seemed to come from the nine hells!
The four black copper robes trembled, a trace of panic flashed in their eyes!
Chen Ping moved, his body was like a meteor as he shot out in an instant!
The Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand then arced in mid-air, and the radiant sword aura was like a scimitar, heading towards the four Black Bronze Robes one after another.
The four black bronze robes were shocked and hurriedly glowed black and gold, forming a barrier in front of them to defend themselves against the sword’s attack!
Clang clang clang …………
The sword maneuvers struck the black and gold barrier, emitting a metallic clash-like sound.
Soon the barrier shattered and the four black bronze robes all had a wound cut on their chests by the sharp sword maneuver!
Blood flowed out like a gush!
Seeing their wounded selves, the four Black Bronze Robes also became enraged!
All four of them attacked towards Chen Ping at the same time, and four terrifying rays of light instantly enveloped Chen Ping.
Gritting his teeth, Chen Ping looked at one of them and then swung out instantly with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand.
Chen Ping’s movements were so quick that only a remnant of Chen Ping was left in mid-air!
As he watched Chen Ping coming towards him, the black bronze robe’s eyes were filled with panic, and he instinctively stepped backwards, while waving a spell in his hand to block Chen Ping.
But Chen Ping completely ignored it, allowing the spells to hit his body, splitting his flesh and skin!
Chen Ping was simply trading lives for lives!
“Has this Chen Ping gone mad?”
Seeing this scene, Zhu Zhishan only felt a chill run down his back!
Very quickly, the sharp Dragon Cutting Sword instantly pierced through the body of the black bronze robe, whose eyes were wide open as he looked at his pierced chest, his eyes filled with disbelief!
Blood spurted out and a black mist suddenly flew out from that black bronze robe’s mouth.
Seeing this, Chen Ping waved the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand horizontally, and the body of that Black Bronze Robe was instantly chopped into two pieces. Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping mouthed the words, and a light blue flame instantly started burning on the Dragon Chopping Sword!
This was spirit fire, which could deal with that fleeing spirit.
Chen Ping then waved it violently, and a flame instantly headed towards that black mist, and the flame burst into flames directly after it touched the black mist!
The flames burst into flames in mid-air, and a miserable scream emanated from the flames, making one’s scalp tingle!
As the screams died down, the flames slowly died out!
One Black Bronze Robe was completely wiped out!
Seeing this, the remaining three Black Bronze Robes could only fight with all their might!
“Absolute Heavenly Palm …………”
The three of them activated their spells and attacked towards Chen Ping again!
And Chen Ping did the same trick again, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand emitted a brilliant light as a sword aura shot out!
Seeing this, the three of them instantly joined together, a terrifying black-golden light blocking Chen Ping’s sword mane.
This time, neither side was able to gain any advantage, and the three men looked at Chen Ping with an unexpected retreat in their eyes!
They were not expecting that Chen Ping’s strength was so perverse that it had exceeded their imagination.
“This fellow is too perverted, if we continue to fight, even if we kill him, none of us will survive, it is better to withdraw ……”
One of the black bronze robes said.
The other two glanced at each other, and then nodded, but he didn’t dare to just turn around and run, for fear that if Chen Ping made a sneak attack from behind, he would definitely lose his little life, he could only watch Chen Ping first, and choose the chance to escape!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s heart was also very anxious!
Now he didn’t have much spiritual energy left to support him, although his physical body was strong, but after such a severe pounding, it was a miracle that Chen Ping was able to stand now!