The moment the stone statue crumbled, a force of spell formation instantly dissipated!
Chen Ping then muttered, “There really is a formation inside, it seems that I guessed correctly ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually destroyed the stone statue, the young man’s anger increased!
“Seek death ……”
The young man slapped his palm towards Chen Ping.
And at the same time, several guards rushed forward with machetes in hand!
Seeing this, Zhao Beng stepped forward with a sliding step and stopped several guards, while Hu Ma Zi frowned and randomly waved his hand, and several guards were all knocked out!
And the young man had already reached Chen Ping, followed by a fierce slap on Chen Ping’s chest!
Boom!
After a muffled sound, Chen Ping’s body didn’t move at all, he was still in a state of thought, but the young man was shaken by the recoil and backed up repeatedly!
This scene caused the young man’s face to change greatly as he looked at Chen Ping in shock!
“Chen Ping, what are you thinking about? Why did you even destroy this stone statue, how can we still investigate the secrets of this place now!”
Hu Ma Zi asked Chen Ping in disbelief.
“How many such temples are there here in total?”
Chen Ping did not answer Hu Pazi, but asked him.
Hu Ma Zi froze and said, “I’m not really sure, but there are at least a hundred ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, “I seem to know something ……”
With that, Chen Ping walked outwards, and Hu Ma Zi listened to a cloud of confusion, but followed behind.
And at this moment outside the temple hall, Zhao Beng was following the young man to confront him, at this time there had long been dozens of guards arrived and surrounded the place.
Chen Ping just swept a glance at these people, ignoring them at all, and simply continued to walk out!
“Humph, after damaging the stone statue, you still want to leave, it’s simply impossible ……”
“Next, I’ll show you the power of the gods!”
The young man said, and started mouthing the words!
“Divine Punishment …… The Prince has used divine punishment!”
“This man just deserves to die, if he dares to destroy the stone statue of the gods!”
“When the divine punishment comes, no one will survive!”
The people around all murmured in shock, and then hid far away.
The young man recited the spell, and soon a light appeared above Chen Ping’s head, a dazzling light like a pillar!
Hu Ma Zi’s eyes instantly opened round with a look of surprise.
“An ancient spell? How come there are still people who know this kind of spell now?”
Hu Ma Zi was so shocked that his eyes were about to glare out!
“What ancient spells?”
Chen Ping still didn’t understand why Pocky Hu was so shocked!
After all, when it came to talismanic spells, Pocky Hu was much more expert!
“Quickly go, get out of here ……”
Pocky Hu couldn’t have time to explain and pulled Chen Ping to get away!
But a black chain suddenly appeared beneath Chen Ping’s feet, instantly binding him!
Immediately after that, the pillar of light above his head descended from the sky and instantly blasted Chen Ping’s body!
Boom!
There was a loud sound, dust flew and the entire ground began to shake!
On the side, Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Beng were also knocked out by the tremendous force.
Seeing this scene, the corners of the young man’s mouth lifted slightly.
And at the same time, inside the palace sanctuary, Tiger Li Daxian gazed at the ten-meter tall stone statue in front of him, looking at the piece of the stone statue that was mutilated, and his eyes were filled with anger!
“Since someone dared to damage the stone statue, it’s simply D*mnable ……”
Then Tiger Li Daxian held a scepter in his hand, a white jewel on top of the scepter, emitting light, the light rushing up to the sky!
It turned out that the so-called divine punishment was not the spell that the young man had cast!
The incantation he recited was not a divine punishment spell either, it was just some ordinary psychic incantation that Tiger Li Daxian could sense as soon as he recited it.
Tiger Li Tai Sin was then casting a spell and the divine punishment descended directly!