“Are you really able to take me to the Guanghan Palace?”
Chen Ping sized up the goatee with disbelief in his eyes!
“That’s for sure, I’ve lived here all my life, I’m more than familiar with the road to the Guanghan Palace, and it’s absolutely safe.”
“I’ll be honest with you, I follow one of the elders of Guanghan Palace who is familiar with it, if you give more spirit coins, I’ll have no problem taking you to the inner sect.”
The goatee ran a hand through his moustache and said with confidence!
“Good, then take me to the inner gate, it would be best to meet the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace!”
After saying that, Chen Ping directly pulled out a dozen or so Purple Gold Spirit Coins from his storage ring and threw them to Goat Beard!
“Purple Gold Spirit Coins?”
Goat Beard looked at the Purple Gold Spirit Coins in his hand and instantly froze!
It took him a long time to come to his senses, and his eyes towards Chen Ping instantly became fawning!
He didn’t expect Chen Ping to be a great wealthier, with a dozen or so Purple Gold Spirit Coins in one hand!
“Fellow Daoist, don’t worry about it, I, Shen Ji Zi, have been here all my life, and I will definitely send you to the Broad Cold Palace!”
The goatee rushed the purple gold spirit coins into his coat pocket and was about to leave with Chen Ping!
“Shen Ji Zi, you’re cheating here again, how many times have you been warned!”
Just as Shen Ji Zi was about to leave with Chen Ping, suddenly a delicate cry rang out!
Only to see a female cultivator dressed in green clothes and holding a sword coming in quick steps, glaring angrily at that Shen Ji Zi!
When Shen Ji Zi saw the woman, he immediately looked embarrassed!
“Miss Blue, I didn’t lie, don’t spit blood!”
Shen Ji Zi hurriedly shook his head and said!
“Hmph, I’ve been staring at you for half a day, you’ve been using our Guanghan Palace as an excuse to cheat people all day, don’t think I don’t know.”
That blue girl snorted coldly, then looked at Chen Ping and said “This fellow Taoist, I am the person in charge of the reception of this Guanghan Palace, my name is Lan Yingying, is it this guy who told you that he can take you to our Guanghan Palace, and also take you in and let you spend money ah?”
Chen Ping nodded, then looked at that Shen Ji Zi with a few moments of anger in his eyes, so this guy was a liar!
“You must not fall for it, if you want to go to our Guanghan Palace, you can only register at the reception and then be led by us.”
“If you rush up the mountain privately, you won’t be able to find the location of our Broad Cold Palace at all, instead, you’ll get into trouble, the environment here is harsh, and there are still demonic beasts infesting everywhere.”
“If you really want to go to the Broad Cold Palace, please queue up and register.”
Blue Yingying finished, after glancing at Chen Pingzhi, he immediately continued “However, with your third grade of strength in the Transition Realm, I’m afraid that you won’t have a chance to go to our Guanghan Palace this time, our strength of this time’s registered cultivators must be above the fifth grade of the Transition Realm.”
“After all, this time the outer sisters are looking for a dao couple to enter the Polar Regions together, so if their cultivation is too low, it’s just going to send them to their deaths for nothing!”
Hearing this Lan Yingying’s words, Chen Ping was really a bit surprised, not realising that this Guanghan Palace was really a bit different!
To find a Dao Couple for the outer disciples of their palace, there was also a realm requirement!
Where is this looking for a mate, obviously to find the wrongdoer, looking for the people who give to the Guanghan Palace for nothing!
Chen Ping was about to open his mouth and ask Blue Yingying if the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was in the Palace, Chen Ping wanted to set up a relationship to see if he could enter Guanghan Palace!
But before Chen Ping could speak, a commotion broke out in the queue!
“Who are you? We’ve been queuing for half a day, why are you jumping the queue?”
“What the hell, don’t you guys care about the Guanghan Palace?”
“I’ve been queuing for half a day, no one can cut in line!”
Someone in the queue shouted out in dissatisfaction!
Blue Yingying, on the other hand, frowned and her face became ugly, it seemed that queue-jumping happened here often!