“Comfortable …………”
Ning Zhi let out a long sigh, then dropped his gaze onto Qi Peijia’s body!
When Qi Peijia felt Ning Zhi’s gaze, his heart shuddered and his body involuntarily trembled!
“What are you going to do? I’m the one who brought you in here, if I hadn’t brought you in, how could your strength have grown so fast?”
Qi Peijia was a little scared and said warily!
“In that case, I still have to thank you?”
Ning Zhi smiled a very sinister smile and took a step towards Qi Peijia!
“There’s no need to thank me, you just need to let me go, this cave belongs to you, without a method, no one else can enter.”
“And as long as there are demonic cultivators passing by from here on out, there will be a suction force to suck those demonic cultivators in, you can just stand guard and wait quietly.”
Qipecia begged for mercy long ago!
“It’s a pity that I can’t wait, now I just need to absorb the death qi in your body to remake my flesh, I’m already tired of this pale skin, it’s better to look the most handsome as I was originally myself.”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, he violently struck out towards Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia was unable to dodge in time, and was directly choked by Ning Zhi!
Qi Peijia only felt a wave of suffocation, his heart was overwhelmed with regret, he was leading the wolf into the house!
Seeing that Qi Peijia was about to die, he suddenly seemed to think of something and hurriedly said “Don’t kill me, you need to use the Heavenly Demon Stone to reshape your physical body, using the Heavenly Demon Stone to reshape your physical body can make your physical body strong and incomparable.”
“You are now at the peak of the Transition Realm, it won’t be long before you can glorify the Mahayana Realm, when that time comes, your remodelled fleshly body simply won’t be able to withstand such a strong strength of yours. ”
“The only way you can make your fleshly body match your strength is to remould it with a Heavenly Demon Stone. ……”
Qi Peijia’s words caused Ning Zhi to freeze, and then he loosened his grip!
“Cough cough cough …………”
Qi Peijia coughed violently!
“What is the Heavenly Demon Stone?” Ning Zhi asked!
He had no idea what a Heavenly Demon Stone was, after all, Ning Zhi had also just arrived at the Heavenly Demon Mountain not long ago, and hadn’t even been in the Celestial Realm for a long time to be exact, so how could he possibly know what a Heavenly Demon Stone was!
Qi Peijia explained to Chen Ping the awesome features of the Heavenly Demon Stone, which instantly made Ning Zhi interested in the Heavenly Demon Stone!
“You take me there now, as long as I get the Heavenly Demon Stone, I can spare your life!”
Ning Zhi threatened at Qi Peijia!
“I …… don’t know where the Heavenly Demon Stone is ah, this Heavenly Demon Stone is incredibly precious, it’s at the top of the Heavenly Demon Mountain where it can be found.”
Qi Peijia had a difficult face!
“If you don’t know, then take me to find it, if you can’t find it, then you don’t have to live ……”
Ning Zhi said as he glared fiercely at Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia’s body trembled as he nodded repeatedly and said “Okay, I’ll take you to find it, take you to find it ……”
“You give me to remember, if you dare to lie to me and play tricks with me, the consequences you refer to.”
Ning Zhi threatened Qi Peijia!
After all, Ning Zhi didn’t know if what Qi Peijia said was true or not, and if there really was a Heavenly Demon Stone in existence!
“Don’t worry, I definitely wouldn’t dare to lie to you, everything I said is the truth, if you don’t believe me, you can just find someone to ask.”
Qi Peijia said with a trembling body!
Now that Ning Zhi was at the peak of the Transition Realm, how could Qi Peijia dare to lie to him!
“Let’s go……”
Ning Zhi pushed Qi Peijia, and the two of them walked towards the outside of the cave.
Ning Zhi followed Qi Peijia out of the Devil Swallowing Cave!
They weren’t afraid of anyone breaking into the Devil Swallowing Cave, because this Devil Swallowing Cave had layers and layers of formations, and devil cultivators would only be sucked into it when they arrived, and then bleed to death.
Qi Peijia was sucked into the cave at that time, but by chance he discovered the secret inside the cave, which made his strength soar!