…………
Su family villa, Chen Ping had been here with Su Yuqi for a whole half day, Su Yuqi was in good spirits, it was whenever she remembered the moment when Chen Ping killed Xiao Lei that she would still have palpitations!
At dinner time, Chen Ping also stayed at Su’s house to eat, and just as a few people were eating, a subordinate hurried in, then whispered two words in Su Wenzong’s ear!
Su Wenzong’s face changed, and his entire person instantly became gloomy.
“Dad, what’s wrong?” Su Yuqi asked in confusion.
“Nothing, there’s something going on at the company, I’ll go and take care of it, you guys continue eating!” Su Wenzong got up, then said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, you stay here tonight, I don’t know what time I’ll be back, you keep an eye on Yuqi!”
“Dad!” Su Yuqi’s cheeks instantly blushed.
“Uncle, you go ahead, I’ll take care of Yuqi!”
Chen Ping nodded his head!
After Su Wenzong walked out the door, a chill instantly erupted from his body, “Gather all the bodyguards of the Su family and follow me!”
More than twenty bodyguards followed Su Wenzong straight to the Regal Hotel!
At this moment, inside a luxurious private room of the Regal Hotel, Wei Kunan was sitting inside, sipping tea and waiting quietly!
And outside the hotel room, there were security guards lying all over the place, all of them were Wei Kunan’s work!
When Su Wen Zong arrived at the hotel, he looked at the wailing security guards and his anger increased!
“Mr. Wei, you’re a guest from afar, if your men don’t take good care of you, you can tell me, there’s no need to do anything!”
Su Wen Zong pushed the door into the private room and looked at Wei Kun An with a cold face.
“Make a move?” Wei Kun An smiled coldly, “I didn’t kill them, that’s already giving you face, my son’s leg is ruined, I think you also know that, now you hand over the guy who ruined my son’s leg, I can spare your Su family’s life!”
Su Wen Zong’s eyes were cold: “Your son kidnapped my daughter, I just scrapped his leg, that’s already light, this is Hong Cheng, not the provincial city, I hope you can understand!”
Su Wen Zong had already made up his mind to take everything on himself and not let Chen Ping get involved in it, the Wei family’s power, Su Wen Zong knew it very well, if Chen Ping was targeted by the Wei family, it would definitely not end well in the future!
“Hahahaha, so what if this is Hong City, I’ll squash you like a stink bug!”
Wei Kun An laughed loudly and fiercely got up, “Don’t think I don’t know who did it, I’m giving you a chance now, if you don’t take it, then don’t blame me for being ungracious!”
“As I said, your son kidnapped my daughter, scrapping his leg is considered light, if you want to take revenge, you can just come at me!”
Su Wenzong gritted his teeth, already planning to fight to the death!
“Good!” Wei Kun An’s eyes gaped, “Since you are looking for death, then I will fulfill you!”
As soon as Wei Kun An’s words landed, ten of his experts instantly pounced on him!
The twenty-odd bodyguards Su Wen Zong had brought along with him also took action, holding an absolute advantage in terms of numbers, but after just a few minutes, the twenty-odd bodyguards of the Su family all fell to the ground, wailing in pain, none of them able to stand up, while looking at the people Wei Kun An had brought along, not a single one of them was injured!
The difference in strength was so great that it was like an adult beating a four or five year old child, there was no pressure to speak of!
Su Wenzong’s face became extremely ugly, his body was trembling slightly, but Su Wenzong still stood still and didn’t move, nor did he run!
“I’m asking you once more now, hand over the guy who ruined my son’s leg!”
Wei Kunan said with a thick disdain on his face as he looked at Su Wenzong.
“I ruined your son’s leg, if you want to take revenge, come at me, now you can kill me!”
Su Wenzong put his heart on the line, since he chose to come alone and didn’t let Chen Ping follow, he had no intention of letting Chen Ping come forward!