This is the Demon King of Heaven?
Is this the attitude of Chen Ping?
“Alright, I’m wrong, I’ll help you recover your flesh as soon as possible, can’t I, then tell me how to get out of this cave?”
Chen Ping could only apologise!
It had to be said that even if this Red Cloud Demon Monarch only had a wisp of residual soul left, his strength was too much stronger than himself!
Chen Ping had not discovered the flame filament at all, while the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had not only discovered it, but had also detected the aura of the flame filament!
This was the gap, the gap in strength!
“I don’t know ……,” said the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Why are you still angry, I’ve apologised, can’t I?”Chen Ping said breathlessly!
“I really don’t know, what’s the point of apologising a hundred times, it’s not like I’ve been here before.”
“If I had a physical body right now, I could blast the entire Divine Volcano flat and wouldn’t I get out?”
“Or else you lend me your flesh body in ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he hurriedly waved his hand and quickly walked forward!
When the Divine Volcano was blasted flat, one’s own fleshly body was afraid that it would have long gone up in smoke as well!
Chen Ping dragged Elder Tu continuously forwards, allowing Elder Tu’s body to bump around within the rugged cave!
No matter how Elder Tu screamed, Chen Ping also pretended not to hear!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others came to a fork in the road, there were a total of four paths, while Chen Ping chose a path based on his senses!
Since he knew that this was the Celestial Realm and it was still inside the Divine Volcano, Chen Ping did not panic!
No matter how one went, one could eventually get out of the Divine Volcano!
But before long, another fork in the road appeared, and Chen Ping continued to choose a path to continue walking!
Although there was a pressure within the cave, it was nothing to Chen Ping though!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was a remnant soul, so he was even more unafraid of any pressure!
However, that Elder Tu, even though only his torso was left, he still had to endure the pressure, and had to go through the humiliation of his body constantly bumping into rocks and being dragged like a dead dog!
The one thing Elder Tu wished for the most right now was death!
He wanted to die so badly, but unfortunately Chen Ping would not let him die!
“Can you walk out of here by blindly forcing you to choose a path like this, without any rules at all?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch saw that Chen Ping was just walking haphazardly by feel and finally asked helplessly!
“I’m going by feel, if I can’t get out, I’ll just keep going, I can’t see any rules!”
“Why don’t you tell me which way to go?”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch looked at Chen Ping, he knew that Chen Ping was doing it on purpose, deliberately forcing himself to show the way!
And Chen Ping also understood the nature of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, if he took the initiative to ask, he would definitely not say anything!
So Chen Ping went like this, when the Red Cloud Demon Monarch himself felt bored, he would take the initiative to open his mouth!
Right now, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch took the initiative to speak.
“I don’t know how to get out of here either, but with so many forks in the road, you’ll definitely get lost if you go by feel, and you can’t emit divine sense here.”
“But I’ll teach you a way to find the right route!”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“What method?”Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, he had been waiting for the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s method!
“Of course it’s to explore the route, with so many forks in the road, it’s impossible for every road to be open, so you can explore the route first ……”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
“Explore the road? How can I explore the road by myself? With so many forks in the road, it would be a monkey’s age for me to finish walking by myself!”
When Chen Ping heard the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s solution, he said with a deflated voice!
“Stupid, who asked you to scout the path, you can let something else scout the path instead!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch gave Chen Ping a blank look and said!
“Other things?”
Chen Ping looked around before placing his eyes on Elder Tu!
This guy had lost all his limbs, how could he scout the path?
Seeing that Chen Ping had yet to understand his meaning, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had no choice but to say, “I’ll teach you a set of secret techniques, you’ll first collect the flame filaments within this cave, and then there will be something to scout the way!