Until the last resort, Xiahou Dun did not want to follow the Pill God Valley to form a feud.
“Just die to your heart, our Pill God Valley will not hand over the people to you, I am giving you two choices now, either take the people and get out or die here ……”
Xu Changsheng had a cold look on his face, looking like he didn’t have the slightest room for negotiation.
Xiahou Dun was directly choked speechless.
“Your Medicine God Valley is really arrogant, is this not putting the rest of our sects in your eyes?”
Ni Sidao saw Xu Changsheng’s arrogant look and said with a faint gaze in his eyes.
Xu Changsheng looked at Ni Sidao and frowned slightly, “What are you? Did this Xiahou Dun recruit a helper?”
“This is the Heavenly Law Pavilion Master Ni Sidao, that Ning Yu that this Chen Ping killed was the most favored disciple of Master Ni, today Master Ni is also here to seek revenge on this Chen Ping ……”
Xiahou Dun pointed to Ni Sidao and introduced him.
Hearing the three words Tian Luo Pavilion, it was obvious that Xu Changsheng and several other elders’ faces changed slightly.
Ni Sidao is famous for his Daoism, using all kinds of magic techniques that are weird and unpredictable. Ni Sidao can fight with the help of all kinds of magic weapons, spell formations and even charms, with the help of the power of heaven and earth, while martial artists are different, they only rely on their own power, even if they are martial arts sects, they only condense their qi and use their own qi to fight.
Therefore, there is a fundamental difference between martial arts masters and martial artists, and many martial artists are reluctant to mess with the Taoists.
Xu Changsheng and several of their elders, although they were all at the realm of Martial Sect, knew nothing about the arts, and even if this Ni Sidao cast the simplest illusion formation, it would be difficult for several of them to rush out, so after hearing the name of Tianluo Pavilion Ni Sidao, Xu Changsheng and several other elders’ faces changed.
“Lord Ni, we in the Pill God Valley apologize for Chen Ping killing your disciple for a moment, feel free to ask for any compensation you need, we can also compensate Lord Ni with ten Yuan Returning Pills as compensation. …”
Xu Changsheng looked at Ni Xidao and said politely.
However, Xu Changsheng’s words caused Xiahou Dun and Ni Sidao to all stare.
Especially Xiahou Dun, his heart trembled, this Xu Changsheng gave too generous a condition, to take out ten Yuan Returning Pills, if this Ni Sidao nodded, only his Heavenly Martial Sect would be left, don’t want to seek revenge on Chen Ping.
“Elder Xu, you don’t have to lie here, how can this Chen Ping be your Pill God Valley Master, don’t think that saying this will make us stop, killing to pay for life, this is a constant truth, he killed my son, killed the most favored disciple of Pavilion Master Ni, of course he has to pay for life …… ”
Xiahou Dun finished, looked at Ni Sidao and said: “Pavilion Master Ni, you should not believe their words, this Chen Ping is just a hairy boy, how can he be the pill god valley master, it is simply nonsense, I think they are just to make our two families separate, then they can break down one by one …… ”
Ni Sidao did not say anything, but looked deadly at Xu Changsheng, and then slowly spoke: “I don’t care who this Chen Ping is, he must die, if you don’t want the Pill God Valley to bleed into a river and lose both, then hand over the man, I will never make things difficult for your Pill God Valley ……”
Ni Sidao also did not believe Xu Changsheng’s words, how could Chen Ping have become the Pill God Valley’s valley master?
The strength of these elders in front of him were all considerably higher than Chen Ping’s, they would listen to Chen Ping’s commands?
It was simply not possible!
“Pavilion Master Ni, if you don’t believe me, then we can only kill each other with a fish ……”
Xu Changsheng said it, glancing at the second elder beside him.
And the elder took out an object from his sleeve, followed by a fierce fling towards the sky, and a brilliant firework exploded.