“This is a thunderbolt, definitely a thunderbolt ……”
Cai Hongwei shouted in shock!
Even if he didn’t say it, everyone knew that it was a thunder tribulation!
But Chen Ping even used his physical body to resist this kind of perverted lightning tribulation, did he not want to die?
“Master is tempering his fleshly body, after this lightning tribulation, his fleshly body will be even stronger.”
The Fire Phoenix saw Chen Ping’s intentions and slowly spoke!
The words of the Fire Phoenix left everyone dumbfounded and speechless!
They could not think of any words to describe Chen Ping other than pervert!
Rumble …………
Another thunderbolt descended from the sky, and even though the crowd hid far away and even placed a barrier in front of them, they could still feel the terror of this thunderbolt!
Just like that, nine lightning tribulations bombarded down one after another, and the barrier in front of the crowd was constantly being shattered and subsequently being repaired!
As for Chen Ping’s physical body, under these nine thunder tribulations, instead of going up in smoke, the golden light became even more intense!
Soon, the thunder tribulation disappeared, and the oppressive thunder tribulation clouds in the sky slowly dispersed!
Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes and felt a qualitative leap in his body’s aura!
He knew that he had broken through to the Transition Realm!
After the Transition Realm, it was another new height, and in the years to come he only needed to prepare for ascension!
Chen Ping stood up, the power in his body seemed to still be boiling!
“Ah …………”
A sudden scream brought Chen Ping back to his senses!
It turned out that Chen Ping was now long since naked, and the clothes on his body had been blasted into dregs by that thunderbolt!
This rising up caused the two big girls, Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan, to shriek!
Chen Ping came back to his senses and also realised that he was actually naked, and was at a loss for words as he was filled with embarrassment!
Fire Phoenix, on the other hand, was the first to run over with the clothes, blocking in front of Chen Ping and personally serving Chen Ping to put on the clothes!
Fire Phoenix was a person who had been there before, and had long been very familiar with Chen Ping’s body!
“Mr Chen, you …… this thunder tribulation of yours is too outrageous, I have never seen such a terrifying thunder tribulation before.”
Cai Hongwei stepped forward and said in shock!
“It’s not that the thunder tribulation is terrifying, it’s that this flesh body of Mr Chen is too strong, this kind of thunder tribulation can even be carried down hard.”
“Now even if Mr Chen doesn’t apply any feats, it would be impossible for an ordinary cultivator to injure Mr Chen.”
Elder Miao exclaimed with envy!
“Apothecary Chen, I can’t believe that apart from your superb medical skills, your strength is also so strong ah, it was my poor eyesight that didn’t see it before.”
City Lord Sun stepped forward with a smile on his face, and with that, he pulled Chen Ping to the side: “Apothecary Chen, I know that you are looking at my daughter’s body in order to cure her, but I still hope that Apothecary Chen will be able to marry my daughter.”
“The youngest daughter, regardless of her posture and figure, is also considered to be a superior person, and as long as you get married, the entire Meteor Sun City will be yours, I only have this one daughter on my knee, so think about it, why do you need to be travelling all over the place.”
City Lord Sun now especially hoped that Chen Ping would stay, he had seen Chen Ping’s strength through this thunderbolt and saw Chen Ping’s future!
If this Meteor Sun City could be handed over to Chen Ping, City Lord Sun believed that Meteor Sun City would definitely flourish!
“City Lord Sun, I am really sorry, I already have a girlfriend, and I promised her that I would marry her first and would give her the first wedding.”
“I really don’t want to be a negative person, I still hope that Sun City Lord can understand ……”
Chen Ping flatly refused!
City Lord Sun looked at Chen Ping dumbfounded, he did not expect that the lure of a city could not even move Chen Ping!
“Ai, since Apothecary Chen is so sentimental and righteous, I won’t force myself.”
City Lord Sun sighed as if he had suffered a great loss!