Soon after, a flash of coldness swept across Liu Xueyi’s eyes!
He knew that if he did not take out his best move, he was afraid that he would really die here!
Liu Xueyi, who was in the middle of escaping, suddenly stopped and violently turned around to spray a mouthful of blood towards Chen Ping!
The blood transformed into a blood mist that unexpectedly transformed into a hideous blood-coloured monster in the void, and this blood-coloured monster attacked towards Chen Ping!
As a devil cultivator of the blood devil lineage, this Liu Xueyi had his own use and understanding of blood!
“Hmph, not self-conscious, if your strength is not good, even more techniques are nothing ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, the Demon Drawing Whip directly lashed towards that blood-coloured monster, and the Demon Drawing Whip was burning with to fire!
The flames were blazing, and that blood-coloured monster disappeared in the blink of an eye under these flames!
At this moment, that Liu Xueyi frowned and his face became unsightly!
After Chen Ping extinguished that blood-coloured monster, the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand did not stop, but instead, he directly lashed down towards Liu Xueyi!
However, this time, Liu Xueyi unexpectedly did not dodge and was directly hit by the Demon Drawing Whip!
Boom!
Accompanied by an explosion, Liu Xueyi’s body directly exploded, and a mist of blood began to drift in the sky!
Chen Ping froze, he did not expect that this Liu Xueyi would not dodge and was directly exploded by his own whip!
Just as Chen Ping froze, the blood mist in the sky even coalesced into a human form and quickly headed towards the distance!
When Chen Ping saw this, he knew that he had been fooled, and this Liu Xueyi had even escaped!
Just as Chen Ping wanted to chase after him, the figure of Liu Xueyi was long gone!
“Damn, how could I let him escape?”
Chen Ping was a little exasperated, but he was curious, this Liu Xueyi’s body had clearly exploded, how did this fellow escape?
“Mr Chen, this fellow is from the Blood Demon lineage, he used the Blood Escape Technique, using fresh blood to escape.”
“This is a life preserving technique of the Blood Demon lineage, however, this Blood Escape Technique also has a drawback, that is, after using the Blood Escape Technique, the realm will drop, and in raising the realm, it will be even more difficult!”
Ochre Yan explained after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping heard this and then understood how Liu Xueyi escaped, but this Blood Escape Technique is really a good thing, even if there are drawbacks, but it can save one’s life in times of danger, which is the main thing!
Chen Ping had some regrets, if he had known that the Blood Demon had this kind of life preserving stance, he would have followed the Blood Demon and learnt a few moves in the first place!
However, the Blood Devil had already returned to the Celestial Realm, Chen Ping had a feeling that he would be able to encounter him sooner or later!
When he ran into Blood Devil, Chen Ping must learn a few moves!
“Bad …………”
Chen Ping suddenly remembered that he was a bit far away from Luo Xi!
Just now chasing Liu Xueyi, Chen Ping looked at Luo Xi, so he was a little too far away, if Luo Xi was in danger, it would be difficult for Chen Ping to save her in the first place!
But just as Chen Ping was walking back, suddenly Luo Xi’s voice came to his ears!
“Mr Chen, save me ……”
The voice was urgent, and it was Luo Xi transmitting through the jade slip!
When Chen Ping heard Luo Xi’s plea for help, he was instantly anxious and headed straight in Luo Xi’s direction!
And at this moment, Luo Xi, holding a large stone in her arms, was running desperately!
And behind Luo Xi, hundreds of demonic beasts, hissed and chased after Luo Xi!
“You beasts, why are you chasing me?”
Luo Xi was about to cry as she looked at those ferocious demonic beasts behind her!
She couldn’t figure out why these demonic beasts were chasing after her!
With hundreds of Ferry Realm demonic beasts, Luo Xi’s soul was scared out of her body and she could only run desperately!
The sound transmission jade slip had already been used, but there was no sign of Chen Ping yet, Luo Xi was very scared!
Among these demonic beasts, the leading one was fifteen or sixteen metres tall, with two very large feet, each step made a deep footprint on the ground!