The Dantian inside Chen Ping’s body was spinning wildly far away, while that YuanYing was quietly changing!
The original YuanYing, which was only the size of a thumb, slowly began to grow, and its five features began to be clearly visible!
It was like a shrunken version of Chen Ping!
However, as the five senses of the baby changed, Chen Ping’s physical features were also changing!
In theory, the Transformation Realm is not controlled by the laws of heaven and earth, and can change its physical features as it wishes!
But now, in this social context of depleted spiritual energy!
But nowadays, in this kind of depleted social context, the ability to change one’s physical appearance is still not possible!
But Chen Ping did not care about the change in physical features, what he needed was strength, what he needed was a change in strength!
Suddenly, Chen Ping opened his eyes, and in a flash, two rays of light shot out from Chen Ping’s eyes!
The dark clouds in the mid-air instantly dissipated under the light!
And at this moment, the aura of Chen Ping’s body took a qualitative leap and change!
Even Chen Ping’s physical body had become more than ten times stronger!
This was the various benefits that came with a major realm breakthrough!
Looking at the breakthrough Chen Ping, Long Xiao’s face looked as ugly as if he had eaten sh*t!
When Chen Ping hadn’t broken through and was only at the peak of Martial Marquis, Long Xiao couldn’t even defeat Chen Ping quickly.
Now that Chen Ping had made a breakthrough, it was almost impossible to defeat Chen Ping, and Chen Ping had also made a breakthrough after three lightning tribulations, that was simply perverted!
“Go …… go …… quickly.”
In Long Xiao’s mind, the old voice urged!
Long Xiao turned around and was about to run, but just as he turned around, Chen Ping’s voice came to his ears.
“How can you want to run before the victory is decided?”
“Didn’t you say that today, one of us must die?”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice.
Long Xiao’s heart shook, he didn’t know, how did Chen Ping suddenly appear beside him?
“Keep running, don’t mind him ……”
In his mind, the old voice urged!
Without turning back, Long Xiao continued to start running!
And at Long Xiao’s back, a black shadow appeared, followed by a large black hand, slapping towards Chen Ping!
This was the spirit showing up, and he was delaying Chen Ping so that Long Xiao could escape!
“Hmph, it’s just a soul spirit without a local, and it dares to strike at me ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, and his palm instantly slapped out, a golden light bursting out above his palm, with a light blue flame!
The moment Chen Ping followed that big black hand and touched it, it directly burst that big black hand, and from behind Long Xiao, a miserable scream issued!
Long Xiao didn’t dare to look back, he could only run desperately, cold sweat continuously flowing down his forehead!
At this moment, Long Xiao had long since lost his self-confidence and was terrified inside!
“Quick, cast a spatial spell to trap him ……”
In Long Xiao’s mind, the old voice said.
And in this voice, there was a hint of panic, as soon as he had just struck, he had been wounded by Chen Ping, this soul was also afraid!
Long Xiao hurriedly chanted his magic words, and immediately afterwards the entire void began to twist and distort!
Chen Ping and Long Xiao, who were originally one behind the other, actually looked like they were far apart at the moment, but yet they looked like they were very close!
“A spatial spell?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, “This spatial spell is not a good one to perform!”
As Chen Ping said that, he smashed his fist into the void in front of him, only to see a golden light flash through the void, followed by an explosion!
The entire void was shattered by Chen Ping in an instant!
As the void shattered, Chen Ping could once again clearly see that Long Xiao was running in front of him with a face full of panic!
“Still trying to run ……”
Chen Ping took a step, his body instantly appeared in front of Long Xiao, followed by a golden fist, which ruthlessly smashed into Long Xiao’s chest, and a mouthful of blood spurted out from Long Xiao.
Long Xiao’s body instantly flew up, forming a parabola in mid-air, and Long Xiao, who had already escaped some distance away, was now punched back into the martial arts arena by Chen Ping!
Long Xiao’s body smashed heavily onto the martial arts arena, his eyes filled with shock as he looked around!
The crowd looked at Long Xiao and burst out in bursts of laughter and contempt!