And at the same time, not far away from Chen Ping and the others, five devil cultivators also sensed Chen Ping’s presence and their expressions became tense!
These five devil cultivators were from the Blood Spirit Valley, Jin Dong and Luo Xi were among them!
There was also a white-haired old man, who was none other than the Blood Spirit Valley Master, Luo Xi’s father, Jin Dong’s Master, Luo Shouhai.
“Master, what should we do? Should we be in hiding?”
Jin Dong asked Luo Shouhai!
On this journey, they often avoided people in order not to cause strife, after all, they were all demonic cultivators, and if they encountered human cultivators, it was inevitable that they would cause strife!
However, there are also many cultivators, in this Heavenly Demon Mountain, they will not make a move against the demonic cultivators at all, after all, this is the territory of the demonic cultivators, these cultivators are only here to search for treasures, they are not here to eliminate these demonic cultivators, so as long as the demonic cultivators don’t look for any trouble, they won’t follow the demonic cultivators to make a move either!
“There’s no need to hide, the other party has already spotted us, I hope these cultivators don’t have hostile intentions towards us!”
Luo Shouhai finished speaking and continued to lead the people forward!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was frowning slightly as he could sense that the demonic cultivators were approaching towards them!
Chen Ping didn’t know if the other party had any hostile intentions, so he could only tell everyone to get ready!
Elder Miao, on the other hand, had the ones with lower strengths stand in the middle of the crowd, while the others formed a circle, forming a fighting stance!
Soon, Luo Shouhai and his men had revealed themselves, and everyone had sensed the demonic aura on Luo Shouhai and the others!
In this Heavenly Demon Mountain, these demonic cultivators didn’t need to hide their aura either.
“Bold devil cultivator, knowing that we are here and still dare to send us to the door, is this not putting us in our eyes?”
“Today, I’ll do the people a favour and behead you devil cultivators first ……”
Elder Miao said, and even attacked towards Luo Shouhai and the others with his sword!
Seeing this, the others also joined in!
Chen Ping wanted to stop them, but he didn’t even make it!
Luo Shouhai also did not expect that the other party was so hostile to their demonic cultivator, without saying a word, drew his sword and slashed, also immediately came to the fire, in his hand instantly more a ghost head knife, to meet the old Miao!
And the others also instantly mixed together, Miao Lao had been injured by the devil cultivator, so he hated the devil cultivator very much, so when he saw the devil cultivator, he did not hesitate to strike!
Seeing this, Chen Ping said somewhat helplessly to Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix “You guys pay attention at the back to prevent any other demonic cultivators from sneak attacking ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping then held the Dragon Cutting Sword and rushed up with a leap!
But Chen Ping was just about to strike when he saw Jin Dong and Luo Xi!
And the two also saw Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen …………,” the two people were startled at the same time and shouted with a happy face!
“Why you two?”
Chen Ping also had a surprised look on his face!
“Stop it, stop it, father stop it ……”
Luo Xi hurriedly blocked her father!
Chen Ping also roared “Stop, all stop ……”
Chen Ping roar, like a bolt from the blue, instantly let everyone stop attacking!
“Xiao Xi, what’s going on?”
Luo Shouhai asked to Luo Xi!
“Dad, this is the Mr Chen that Eldest Brother and I mentioned to you, he is the one who saved us and he is the one who cured me.”
Luo Xi pointed at Chen Ping and said!
Luo Shouhai froze, somewhat incredulously sizing up Chen Ping, originally he thought that Chen Ping would be very old, but he did not expect that he would be so young!
As for Miao Lao, he looked at Chen Ping and said “Mr Chen, you know these demonic cultivators?”
Chen Ping nodded “Recognise, they are from the Blood Spirit Valley, they are all my friends ……”
“Mr Chen, you even have devil friends?” Cai Hongwei asked in disbelief!
“I don’t just have Demon Race friends, I also have friends in the Beast Race.”
“I never make friends based on what race they are, as long as they don’t harm anyone!”
“There are good people amongst the Devil Race, and there are scum amongst the Human Race cultivators who are worse than pigs and dogs, so we can’t judge each other blindly based on our clans.”
Chen Ping said unabashedly!