When the Sheng family members saw Chen Ping take out the Furnace Tripod and the Immortal Herb, they were all excited!
This proved that Chen Ping could really refine the antidote, and they wouldn’t have to become invalids, nor would they have to submit to that Sheng Tiantai!
“Mr Chen is truly an elusive person ……”
Sheng Jiahui looked at Chen Ping, the emotions in her eyes were very complex!
“Little girl, do you have your eye on Chen Ping?”
Bai Shao asked beside Sheng Jiahui!
Sheng Jiahui blushed “No…… no, besides Mr Chen has a woman by his side……”
“There is a woman so what, like his kind of man, there are ten or eight women is also very normal, if you like it, you need to fight for it yourself.”
“Tonight is a good opportunity ……”
Bai Qian snickered at Sheng Jiahui!
Sheng Jiahui had a red face, put her head down, and didn’t even dare to speak anymore!
And at this moment, Chen Ping had already put all the needed immortal herbs into the Divine Peasant Tripod already!
“It’s useless even if you have immortal herbs and know how to concoct pills, you can’t concoct an antidote at all, this Blood Red Scatter is one of the top ten poisons amongst the Demon Race, in order to concoct an antidote, you have to use a Demon Race Supreme Flame to make it work.”
Sheng Tian Tai said loudly!
He knew that the antidote could only be refined out after using the Demon Race, and Chen Ping was not a Demon Race at all, so it was impossible for him to possess the Demon Race Supreme Fire.
“You still need to use the Demon Race Supreme Flame ah?”
Chen Ping said with feigned surprise!
“Hmph, at the end of the day, you guys still have to obediently beg me for it ……”
Seeing Chen Ping in that manner, Sheng Tiantai rekindled his hope!
But next, something that made Sheng Tiantai’s eyes drop appeared!
Only to see Chen Ping snap his fingers, a ball of flame instantly pulsed at his fingertips!
The flame took on a crimson colour and was immediately thrown into the air by Chen Ping.
The fire burst into flames with a single burst, and the sizzling sensation instantly spread throughout the Sheng family mansion!
“Is this the Demon Race’s Supreme Flame you were talking about?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Sheng Tiantai with a smile.
Sheng Tian Tai’s eyes widened roundly, pointing at Chen Ping incredulously “You …… how do you know about the Devil’s Supreme Flame, could it be that you are a devil cultivator?”
“You don’t care if I’m a devil cultivator, I’ll practice a furnace of antidote out for you below!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly threw the Demon Race to Fire into the Divine Peasant Tripod, and the Immortal Herb instantly burst into flames!
Accompanied by a burst of medicinal fragrance, crystal clear pills began to appear in the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron!
After only one hour, Chen Ping had actually refined the antidote!
After distributing the antidote, all the people of the Sheng Family all ate the antidote!
After consuming the antidote, the discomfort of the crowd instantly disappeared, which made them grateful to Chen Ping!
“Fellow Daoist, you have saved our Sheng family, my Sheng family can’t thank you enough ……”
That Long Bo looked at Chen Ping with great gratitude and said!
“Mr Chen, thank you ……”
Sheng Jiahui walked to Chen Ping to say thank you, except that Sheng Jiahui’s face was red when she looked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was still a bit puzzled, not knowing what was wrong with this Sheng Jiahui!
He didn’t even know that Bai Shao had just teased Sheng Jiahui, causing Sheng Jiahui to be in a state of spring at the moment!
“Have you served?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards Sheng Tiantai!
Sheng Tiantai’s face was gloomy and uncertain, and did not answer Chen Ping’s words!
Just when Chen Ping was not paying attention, Sheng Tiantai suddenly turned around and ran!
“Still want to run?”
Seeing this, Bai Shao snorted coldly and arrived at Sheng Tiantai’s side with a flash of his figure!
Before Sheng Tiantai could react in any way, he felt his legs soften and directly fell to his knees!
Sheng Tiantai’s legs were broken by Bai Shallow’s kick!
Chen Ping followed Sheng Jiahui as they chased after him!
“Second Uncle, where is my father and my brother, where did you lock them up?”
Sheng Jiahui asked to Sheng Tiantai!
“Hmph, kill them if you want, I’m not going to say anything.”
Sheng Tiantai knew that right now, his biggest dependence was the place of imprisonment, if he said anything, it would definitely be impossible for him to live!