Liu Xing’s words Avray stung Tong You Gong, only to see the aura on Tong You Gong’s body explode as he looked at Liu Xing angrily, “Liu Xing, if you dare to make a move to rob someone, believe it or not, my Heavenly Thunder Sect will directly exterminate your Pure Yang Sect.”
“With that little strength of your Pure Yang Sect, it would only take a minute to exterminate you.”
“Cut the crap, your Heavenly Thunder Sect has violated the laws, modified genes, and now you want to research the method of evil cultivation, if this gets out, I’m sure the other hidden sects won’t just sit back and watch, right?” Liu Xing said impatiently.
Tong You Gong frowned and looked at Liu Xing with a deadly look, “Are you really not afraid of the confrontation between our two sects of Yin Qi?”
“Fear my a*s, it is our responsibility to eliminate the devil and defend the way, your Heavenly Thunder Sect does not dive into cultivation but always wants to engage in some evil ways, if I let you take this evil cultivator away today, it would be the greatest shame for my Pure Yang Sect!”
Liu Xing had a simple face, all haughty and upright!
“Bah, don’t f*cking talk big, you took advantage of my injury and now you’ve jumped out, what’s the difference between you and a despicable villain, don’t make yourself sound noble.” Tong You Gong spat fiercely and said.
Liu Xing, on the other hand, fiercely shot out his long sword and pointed it straight at Tong Youkong and said, “Hand over the man to me, now get lost immediately, and you can still stay alive.”
“If you don’t hand over your men, then don’t blame me for not being polite, with your current seriously injured body and those trash under you, you are no match for us, brother and sister!”
Liu Xing was in a murderous mood, and he was about to make his move!
Seeing this, Tong Youkong knew that if he really did it, he would definitely lose out, so he glared at Liu Xing and said, “Liu Xing, you wait for me, this is not over, your Pure Yang Sect is in trouble with our Heavenly Thunder Sect ……”
After saying that, Tong Yougong waved his hand and said, “Release the people, let’s go ……”
Soon, Tong Yougong left with his men, while Chen Ping violently spurted out a mouthful of blood, his expression instantly shriveled up and he fainted to death!
“Senior brother, will he die?”
Liu Rui asked when she saw this.
Liu Xing took a look and said, “He can’t die, he just fainted, we should go back and turn in.”
After saying that, Liu Xing picked up Chen Ping with one hand, then flew with his sword and headed towards the Pure Yang Sect!
“Brother, he is seriously injured now, will he die halfway if you carry him like this?”
Liu Rui saw Liu Xing carrying him like a chicken, and asked with some intolerance.
“Senior sister, this guy is an evil cultivator, why are you still sympathetic, even if he dies, he deserves it.”
Liu Xing hated evil cultivators to the bone, if he didn’t have to go back to deliver his mission, he would probably just kill Chen Ping right now!
“Senior brother, I don’t mean that, I just think that if I die, I won’t be able to explain to my master back!”
Liu Rui hurriedly explained!
………………
Pure Yang Sect, Yue Buqun, who was the sect master, was explaining the cultivation method to his disciples!
Two figures then landed in front of Yue Buqun, it was none other than Liu Xing and Liu Rui who had returned!
“Master, that faith power just now, it was this kid who made it ……”
Liu Xing casually threw the already fainted Chen Ping in front of Yue Buqun!
Yue Buqun saw the seriously injured Chen Ping and frowned slightly, “Did you injure the person?”
“Master, it wasn’t senior brother who injured him, it was that Tong You Gong who did it.”
Liu Rui hurriedly explained.
Because of the rules of the Pure Yang Sect, disciples were not allowed to fight for superiority outside and hurt people at will, causing disputes.
As a secluded sect, all one had to do was to cultivate in a low profile and make an early breakthrough so that one could step into the ranks of the immortals!
“Did Tong You Gong fight? Is this person still involved with the Heavenly Thunder Sect?”
Yue Buqun was puzzled!
Seeing this, Liu Xing hurriedly followed Yue Buqun and spoke carefully, even describing Chen Ping as an evil cultivator with ten evils!
After hearing this, Yue Buqun looked at Chen Ping with some incredulity!