“Good, I’ll follow the Grand Elder and bring a few clansmen each.”
Sheng Boshi nodded and then said to Sheng Jiahui and Sheng Jiayue “You two stay well and don’t run around, make sure you wait for us to come out!”
Sheng Boshi didn’t let Sheng Jiahui and Sheng Jiayue join him, also because he was afraid that there was danger in this building!
“Master, we’ll accompany you ……”
Fire Phoenix opened her mouth!
She was going to follow Bai Shao and follow Chen Ping into the building, in case there was any danger, they could also help!
“No, you guys just stay outside, if there is really any danger, the inside is just right ……”
Chen Ping said to Fire Phoenix!
Seeing that Chen Ping was not allowed to follow, the Fire Phoenix could only nod!
Chen Ping directly chose a building and walked in, while Sheng Bushi and the Grand Elder led the way, going to another building to search!
Everyone was nervous and excited in their hearts, fearful of any organ formations, but excited to find treasures!
After Chen Ping entered a building, a burst of immortal qi fluctuated and the void trembled with it!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, only to see a large area of various immortal grasses blossoming and growing in abundance!
“There really is a formation within this building, I really don’t know what these immortals are thinking, taking off their trousers and farting is superfluous ……”
Chen Ping was somewhat speechless, not understanding what this Immortal was doing by laying down such a large formation, and there was also a formation within a formation!
Just when Chen Ping was puzzled, he suddenly felt a strange movement, followed by that spirit beast egg even ran out by itself!
This Spirit Beast Egg was the only item that did not need to be managed by Chen Ping and could run out of the storage ring on its own!
The Spirit Beast Egg jumped and emitted a faint glow, constantly absorbing Immortal Qi.
“Mr Chen, if it’s thick with Immortal Qi, why don’t you cultivate again, otherwise all this Immortal Qi will go to waste ……”
Ochre Yan said to Chen Ping in his mind!
“Indeed, this place is much stronger than that Immortal Mine ……”
Chen Ping looked at the boundless Immortal Grass with great emotion!
Feeling the abundant Immortal Qi, Chen Ping could not help but sit down on his knees and began to absorb it frantically!
That Spirit Beast Egg was also absorbing the Immortal Qi on its own!
While Chen Ping was cultivating, Fire Phoenix and the others who were outside were surprised to find that after Chen Ping and the others walked into those buildings, those buildings had inexplicably disappeared!
“Master, master …………”
The fire phoenix was shocked and hurriedly called out, but the sound was empty with no one answering at all!
“Could it be that these buildings are all traps?” Bai Shao said nervously!
They didn’t understand formations either, so they didn’t know if these buildings were traps!
“Miss Sheng, are there formations in these buildings?”
Bai Shao asked to Sheng Jiahui!
Sheng Jiahui was also confused at the moment and shook her head, “I don’t know, I didn’t find any formations at all.”
“I didn’t find it either, what the hell is going on?”
Sheng Jia Yue was also yellow, rushing around that gentle land, but there were no those buildings at all!
It was as if those buildings had never appeared!
Just as Fire Phoenix and the girls were anxious, there was a group of people rapidly coming in their direction!
These people were none other than Qi Peijia with the people from the Heavenly Underworld Gang!
On this journey, the Heavenly Underworld Gang had lost several cultivators!
After all, the plants and animals here were all nourished by Immortal Qi and were not weak!
If it wasn’t for Qi Peijia following them, their Heavenly Underworld Gang’s losses would have been even greater.
“Gang Master, I really didn’t expect this place to be so treacherous, if it wasn’t for you, we were afraid that many people would die.”
Zou Qi said with a palpitating heart!
“The bigger the wind and waves, the more expensive the fish, the more menacing it is, the more it means that the treasures here must be very precious ……”
Qi Peijia smiled faintly!
Now he had already been longing for the treasures in this mountain peak!