…………
The Ten Temples!
In a dim and mysterious secret room, candle flames flickered, reflecting the hundreds of Life Soul Lamps densely dotted around, each lamp representing the life flame of an important member of the Ten Temples.
The Lord of the Ten Temples, the majestic and profound ruler, was standing alone in the middle of this secret room, his gaze as sharp as a falcon’s, locked onto one of the life soul lamps – that was Yun Li’s life soul lamp.
Yun Li, who had shown exceptional talent and intelligence since he was young, had fallen in love with a woman from the outside world due to an accidental encounter, which went against the strict rules of the Divine Race and made Yun Li bear the charge of betraying the Race.
However, for the sake of his son’s happiness, the Lord of the Ten Temples allowed Yun Li to leave the Ten Temples with his followers in the name of carrying out a mission, but in reality, he hoped that he could go far away from his beloved, and henceforth live an ordinary and happy life.
However, at this moment, the Ten Temples Lord’s heart was beating as furiously as the beat of a drum, and his gaze was filled with anxiety and unease.
He knew that Yun Li’s Life Soul Lamp was still in the Ten Temples all along, and although Yun Li had left, the Life Soul Lamp was still there, and if Yun Li never came back, the Divine Temples would definitely know about it!
When the time came to recognise Yun Li as a defector, they would send out enforcers to hunt him down, and if the enforcers really did show up, the Lord of the Ten Temples knew that he would have no right to stop or interfere!
That was why he thought of moving Yun Li’s life soul lamp or having it extinguished!
That way, the Divine Hall wouldn’t notice this matter!
But just as the 10th Palace Master was watching Yun Li’s Fate Soul Lamp, Yun Li’s Fate Soul Lamp suddenly pulsed twice, and then it went out without warning!
Seeing the extinguished soul lamp, the eyes of the Tenth Hall Master instantly widened!
He couldn’t believe that Yun Li was dead, his own son was dead!
The fact that he had asked Yun Li to find that Chen Ping was just an excuse, an excuse to get Yun Li out of the Ten Temples!
As long as he was out of the Ten Temples, Yun Li could take the woman he loved far away!
This was also the reason why the Lord of the Ten Temples had asked Yun Li to take all of his followers with him!
But now, Yun Li’s life soul lamp had unexpectedly gone out.
“Could it be that this foolish child has really gone to find that Chen Ping?”
The body of the Tenth Hall Master was trembling slightly!
It was only after a while that the Tenth Hall Master was able to barely calm the waves within his heart as he took a deep breath and slowly walked out of the secret room, each step seeming unusually heavy.
Arriving in the middle of the great hall, he found a man dressed in black robes standing there quietly, the fierce beast patterns drawn on the black robes looked particularly hideous in the faint light, while the man’s face was as pale as paper, his eye sockets deeply sunken, as if he had just returned from hell.
“Hall Master, that Yun Li following an outside woman to fall in love with her is breaking the rules of my Divine Race, he is the one who wears the blame, how can you let him leave the Ten Temples?”
The man questioned the Ten Temples Lord!
“Huo Qing, I know you’re doubting me and suspecting that I’m there to let Yun Li go.”
“I can tell you now that Yun Li is dead, he died for the sake of the Ten Temples ……”
There was anger in the Ten Halls Lord’s gaze!
“Yun Li is dead?”That Huo Qing’s body shook slightly, somewhat in disbelief, “How did he die?”
“Is that even a question? Of course he was killed by that brat called Chen Ping, Yun Li’s life soul lamp has been extinguished, if you don’t believe me, I can take you to take a look!”
The Tenth Hall Master said!
“Since the Hall Master has said so, then I will go and take a look ……”
Obviously, this Huo Qing didn’t believe that Yun Li was dead at all, nor did he believe that Yun Li had left the Ten Temples and had really gone to seek revenge on that Chen Ping!
The Lord of the Ten Temples forced down his anger and turned around to walk outside, with that Huo Qing following closely behind!
When he came to the secret room and saw that Yun Li’s life soul lamp had really gone out, Huo Qing then believed in the Ten Halls Lord’s words!