Wan Hong froze, then said, “I’m telling you, this is Zheng Kai, the youngest master of the Zheng family, the entire South Lake is owned by their Zheng family ……”
“I don’t care whose family’s young master he is, anyway, if he dies, you killed him, his father is also looking for you to take revenge, what does it have to do with me, it is you I want to kill today ……”
Hu Pazzi said, a faint light glowed above his palm, and he slapped out with one palm, without any regard for the safety of that Zheng Kai!
Wan Hong saw this, also do not dare to lay a deadly hand on Zheng Kai, if really killed Zheng Kai, he knew that he was afraid that he would be hunted by the Zheng family for the rest of his life.
If he really killed Zheng Kai, he knew that he would be hunted by the Zheng family for the rest of his life.
Boom!
After a loud sound, the terrifying energy shook out in all directions.
Stomp stomp stomp …………
Hu Pazzi’s body retreated one after another, while his right hand was vaguely numb!
The strength of Hu Pocky was still a bit different compared to that Wan Hong!
“Humph, Hu Pocky, you were not my opponent before, and you are not now, you can only live under my feet forever ……”
Wan Hong said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised.
“Wan Hong, don’t be rampant, see how I will clean you up ……”
Hu Pazzi’s eyes narrowed slightly, although Hu Pazzi’s strength was not strong, but in the area of talismanic arts, there were few rivals.
Only to see Hu Ma Zi’s hands choke the spell, a yellow talisman instantly rose up from his body!
A blood-red rune soon appeared on the yellow incantation, which instantly transformed into a fierce beast, hissing and rushing towards Wan Hong!
Seeing this, Wan Hong sneered, “Hu Ma Zi, even if it’s a rune spell, I’m not afraid of you ……”
With that, that Wan Hong looked to the side, surprisingly, he directly reached out and pulled off a piece of yellow cloth in front of a door, then bit his finger and drew vigorously on top of that piece of yellow cloth!
Soon, the yellow cloth rose up in flames, followed by a big bird flying out of the flames, and the bird’s body was still burning with blazing fire!
“The fiery bird of God ……”
Hu Ma Zi frowned, “Wan Hong, how did you summon the Fiery God Bird? This is Xiao Yu’s ……”
Pocky Hu’s former girlfriend carried a special physique within her that was able to summon this fiery divine bird!
Only this kind of thing, wasn’t a gongfu, so it wasn’t something that could be taught, and other people wouldn’t be able to learn it at all!
Now this Wan Hong could actually summon the Fiery God-Bird, which made Hu Ma Zi a little shocked!
“What is hers is mine, since he has chosen to follow me, he must give all he has ……”
Wan Hong said with a cold smile.
Hu Ma Zi looked at Wan Hong like that, a bad premonition descended on his heart!
“What have you done with Xiao Yu?” Hu Ma Zi asked.
“Nothing, the two of us have now become one, the golden pellet in her body is now inside me, otherwise how could I have summoned this fiery divine bird ……”
Wan Hong said with a cold smile.
“You actually killed her?” Hu Ma Zi’s body trembled as the flames of anger continued to rise!
It could be said that that Xiaoyu had still maintained a place in Hu Ma Zi’s heart, otherwise Hu Ma Zi would not have been decadent for so many years, using other women to anesthetize himself!
Now when he heard that Wan Hong had killed Xiaoyu, the Avray buried longing for Xiaoyu in Hu Ma Zi’s heart instantly erupted!
“Don’t say it so hard, that’s not killing her, but letting her live in my heart in a different way ……”
Wan Hong said in a loud voice.
“Ah ……”
“Go to hell ……”
A monstrous rage erupted from Hu Ma Zi’s body, and the fierce beast that the talisman had transformed into, hissed loudly along with him!