Looking at the left blind elder who still didn’t know that he had made a mistake, the right blind elder could only sigh and leave!
This guy’s temperament, really can’t be pulled back even by eight oxen!
For the sake of this mouth, how many losses have he suffered, and his memory has not risen at all.
Seeing the Right Blind Elder leave, the Left Blind Elder muttered, “Angry again, what’s wrong with me? Can’t I still tell the truth?”
“Elder Left Blind, you’re right, you should have told the truth.”
At this time, Grand Imperial Prince Lin Ke Dong walked over!
He had also heard Elder Blind Left’s words, and a thick smile appeared on his face!
Daring to follow a small cultivator of the seventh level of the Transition Realm to talk about love and wanting to have any kind of conjugal relationship, just based on this, Lin Keting would be punished!
Lin Keting was the only princess of Sun Moon City, the Emperor’s jewel in the palm of his hand, if she was tricked by a tiny seventh ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, then His Majesty’s wrath would be imaginable!
“Hmph!”Elder Left Blind glanced at the Grand Imperial Prince and ignored him, but left with a cold snort!
Lin Ke Dong followed Lin Ke Ting and did not deal with him, so this Left Blind Elder did not like Lin Ke Dong either!
Lin Ke Dong also did not care about Elder Left Blind’s attitude, after all, he was the person recommended by Daoist Wuji, Lin Ke Dong also had to give some face!
However, Lin Keting’s search for a man was something that he must report!
At this time, Lin Keting was still not at all aware that the matter between her and Chen Ping had already been known by her elder and fourth brothers, and was still walking towards the palace!
“Little sister ……”
Lin Kefan chased after her and asked with a somewhat ugly face, “Tell me the truth, do you have a dual cultivation partner outside?”
“Is it the one called Chen Ping? Or is it a small cultivator of the Transition Realm?”
Lin Keting froze, then frowned slightly and said, “Which bastard said that? It must be that fellow Left Blind, let’s see if I don’t tear his mouth apart ……”
Lin Keting immediately thought of Elder Left Blind, after all, not many people knew about this matter, and the only one who could say it was Elder Left Blind.
Elder Left Blind’s mouth was like a big sissy’s mouth, there was no gate at all!
“Don’t you care who said it, just tell me if it’s true?”
Lin Kefan pursued.
Lin Keting nodded, “Fourth brother, it wasn’t me, it was master who said it was so that that Chen Ping and I would become dual cultivation partners.”
“Impossible, how could Daoist Wuji be so dim as to let a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm become a dual cultivation partner with you?”
“What’s more, what is the identity of that Chen Ping, do you understand? Does Daoist Wuji understand?”
Lin Kefan said with some excitement!
He only had this one sister, if she was tricked by a small cultivator of the Transition Realm, Lin Kefan would definitely have to kill him!
“Fourth brother, don’t get excited, it’s really what master said, I don’t understand that Chen Ping either, but master should understand, right?”
Seeing that Lin Keting was too agitated, she hurriedly persuaded Lin Kefan!
“Little sister, I really didn’t expect how many capable and talented people we have in Sun Moon City, you can’t look at any of them, but you’re looking at a small cultivator of the Transition Realm in the Celestial Realm.”
“Does that little cultivator have yellow hair? If Father Emperor knew about this, what would his expression be?”
The eldest prince, Lin Ke Dong, walked over and asked Lin Ke Ting in a conspiratorial manner!
“It’s none of your business who I’m happy to like.”
Lin Keting blankly glanced at that Lin Ke Dong.
“Of course it’s none of my business, but whether it’s about Father’s business or not, that can’t be said, I’m going to report to Father.”
Lin Ke Dong hummed a little song and left!
Lin Kefan, on the other hand, had a grave expression on his face as he said, “Little sister, you left Sun Moon City privately and travelled to the Celestial Realm, and now you’ve caused this kind of incident, Father Emperor will definitely be furious.”
“Do yourself a favour, I’ll also try to plead for you as much as I can, and you should also ask Daoist Wuji to advise Father Emperor properly, in that case, perhaps you won’t have to think about it.”
Lin Kefan had a helpless look on his face, having caused such a big trouble, he was afraid that he couldn’t control it anymore!
“Fourth brother, don’t mind it, save father emperor from taking it out on you, isn’t it just a decade of contemplation, it’ll be over in the blink of an eye.”
Lin Keting said without fear!
She had been pampered since she was a child, even if she was going to be punished, she wasn’t afraid at all!
“Let’s go and see what happens!”Lin Kefan sighed and pulled Lin Keting to walk into the palace!