“Master, that Luo Shouhai really isn’t here, and we haven’t seen that guy called Chen Ping either.”
The disciple from the Blood Spirit Peak walked up to Cheng Jinghui and reported!
“Damn, where did they go?Did they not return to Blood Spirit Valley?”
Cheng Jinghui frowned!
“Master, what do we do now?”
The Blood Spirit Peak disciple looked at the corpses on the ground and asked at a loss for words!
Now that they hadn’t found anyone and had killed all the Blood Spirit Valley disciples, no matter what, they were considered to be of the same clan!
Now that the hand is so ruthless, if that Luo Shouhai knows about it, he definitely won’t let it go!
“Erase all traces, no one is allowed to say anything about today’s matter, otherwise kill without pardon ……”
Cheng Jinghui also slowly calmed down at this moment, and began to command loudly!
This matter that he had done was indeed a bit too much!
The numerous disciples of the Blood Spirit Peak began to get nervous and busy, eliminating all traces of them!
After removing all the scents and traces, Cheng Jinghui then quickly left with the Blood Spirit Peak crowd!
Not long after Cheng Jinghui left, that Patriarch Luo arrived with the people from the five great clans as well!
“Patriarch Luo, why do I feel that this Blood Spirit Valley is quiet, and there’s a bloody aura ……”
Someone frowned and said!
“I also smelled it, there is indeed a bloody aura, and how come I can’t feel any breath at all, this Blood Spirit Valley wouldn’t have no one, right?”
Someone followed and chimed in!
Patriarch Luo, on the other hand, dispersed his divine sense and soon frowned!
“Go in and take a look, everyone in Blood Spirit Valley has been killed ……”
Patriarch Luo finished speaking and led his men to rush into the Blood Spirit Valley!
Only to see a field of corpses in the Blood Spirit Valley, blood flowing into a river, and several one-metre long vultures gnawing on the corpses!
Looking at the tragic situation in front of them, everyone was stunned!
Although the Blood Spirit Valley belonged to the Demon Race, but in the generation of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, the conflict between the Human Race and the Demon Race wasn’t as violent!
The five great clans didn’t have much strife with the Heavenly Demon Mountain’s Demon Race, and instead often worked together!
Now that they saw that everyone in Blood Spirit Valley had been killed, the hearts of the five great clans were all a little sad!
They had come here in a rage, but they were only asking for a statement, asking Luo Shouhai to hand over Chen Ping, and they hadn’t thought of exterminating the Blood Spirit Valley!
“See if there are still any living ones?Then check who did it, our entire Southern Domain hasn’t seen something like this in how many years.”
Patriarch Luo said with a gloomy face!
The entire Southern Domain was considered to be the most harmonious, although there were fights and deaths and injuries, but things like this kind of extermination almost never happened!
Now that this kind of thing suddenly appeared, of course he had to find out who did it!
After all, their five great clans’ status in the Southern Domain wasn’t low, so of course they had to take care of it when something like this appeared!
“Patriarch Luo, it’s been checked, there’s no survivors at all, and there’s no trace of any scent, it should be that the person who did it could erase it.”
Someone said!
“Patriarch Luo, since that Luo Shouhai isn’t here, we’d better go, don’t bother with this kind of crap, that Luo Shouhai isn’t a good thing anyway, now since we can’t find that Chen Ping, I think it’s better to look for a few of the Beast Clan’s guys!”
“Our disciples were killed, and a few guys from the Beast Clan were also involved, this matter is not over ……”
Beside Patriarch Luo, a large black-faced man filled with anger said!
“Patriarch Hai, even if we find a few of the three emperors and four kings in the Beast Race, you have to suppress them, we can’t just meet and make a move, we have to ask for clarification.”
“We follow the Beast Clan without any grievances, I don’t understand why they would help that Chen Ping to kill our disciples.”
Patriarch Luo said!
“Patriarch Luo, isn’t that clear?Of course it’s for the sake of profit, in that Divine Demon Battlefield, where does one care if there’s hatred or not, it’s all about running for the treasures.”
Patriarch Hai said loudly!