Xiao Yuanshan’s sentence caused the many pill masters to be incomparably shocked, knowing that Xiao Yuanshan’s sentence could be compared to a thousand pieces of gold!
The Demon Sealing Alliance had executed Chen Ping, and now the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was actually protecting Chen Ping!
The Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s strength was not at all inferior to the Demon Sealing Alliance’s!
It was only that the spheres of influence of the two sides were different!
The Xiao Dynasty was in the Western Region, occupying a large area of land and controlling dozens of cities!
On the other hand, the Demon Sealing Alliance has developed its power to the entire Celestial Realm, and there are Demon Sealing Alliance forces everywhere!
According to the area of power, the area where the Demon Sealing Alliance’s power extended was much larger!
However, the Xiao Dynasty belonged to a dictatorship, and Xiao Yuanshan had absolute control and the right to speak!
While the Demon Sealing Alliance was just an alliance, a combination of forces from various places!
In terms of loyalty and cohesion, the Demon Sealing Alliance was no match for the Xiao Dynasty!
Both had their own strengths and weaknesses, so the forces were considered equal!
Now, the two sides that were originally not in conflict, at this moment, due to Chen Ping, they directly began to target!
The Demon Sealing Alliance had killed Chen Ping, and the Xiao Dynasty had protected Chen Ping!
Those who wanted to kill Chen Ping and get the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offering would have to think about it!
Among the many pill masters on the scene who had this idea, there were also many who suppressed the idea!
This was because they knew that they could not afford to mess with the Xiao Dynasty!
Don’t be afraid that when the time comes, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offering will have a life to earn, but no life to spend!
Xiao Yuanshan also knew that many people at the scene wanted to hit Chen Ping, which was why he said something like that!
The purpose was to deter the crowd at the scene!
Chen Wenliang was also relieved inside when he heard Xiao Yuanshan’s words!
He knew Chen Ping’s identity, but he wouldn’t do anything to Chen Ping for the sake of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings!
But with so many people at the scene, he could not guarantee that others would not be moved towards the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Hundred Year Offering as well!
But now, with a word from Xiao Yuanshan, he believed that many people would be put off!
Seeing that his purpose had been achieved, Xiao Yuanshan left with Xiao Feng after leaving his address for Chen Ping!
He told Chen Ping to follow the address to get the Immortal Bone when he had time!
“Emperor Xiao is really atmospheric, this time, this Chen Ping is now backed by the entire Xiao Dynasty.”
“I’ll see this time, who will dare to hit this Chen Ping’s idea ……”
“At a young age, to be appreciated by Emperor Xiao, and to have saved Emperor Xiao’s illness, it’s really great luck from heaven!”
“This is the ability, Xiao Emperor’s son has been searching for a doctor for so many years, and he has not seen one that can cure him.”
The people were talking about Chen Ping, and they were nothing but envious!
“Brother Chen, I really didn’t expect you to be the one who was put to death by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings.”
“One who can make the Demon Sealing Alliance make such a decision must not be an idle person, and it seems to be true.”
“I want to ask you, what exactly is the cause of that Emperor Xiao’s illness? I have also researched the cause of this Emperor Xiao’s illness, but I have been clueless.”
Zhong Qi asked to Chen Ping!
Since Chen Ping was not willing to say how he was cured, but it was always possible to talk about the cause of Xiao Feng’s illness, right?
“Elder Zhong, actually Prince Xiao is not sick, the cause of his illness is all due to lovesickness.”
“He loved a girl deeply, but there was no way for him to be together, and he also learnt that the girl was dead.”
“So this feeling of longing piled up over a long period of time, causing Xiao Feng’s divine sense to begin to be confused!”
“He was originally a kind person and never killed indiscriminately, but there was no way to vent the pain of longing in his heart.”
“So over time, two personalities were formed, one was normal, while the other was manic and bloodthirsty, relying on killing to vent.”
“It is also equal to the fact that within Xiao Feng’s Sea of Consciousness, there already exists another completely different self, and the fact that he has become manic and bloodthirsty is also him, and not the other demonic souls that are causing the problem.”
“And what my poisonous dan is going to exterminate is precisely the other self in Xiao Feng’s sea of consciousness, and it is also because of the extermination of Xiao Feng’s other self that this has caused the breath in his body to become weaker.”
Chen Ping explained in detail after Zhong Yi!