Chen Ping glanced at those Pill God Island disciples, each and every one of them were covered in wounds, and there were many corpses floating above the sea!
Even so, none of these pill masters of Pill God Island fled and retreated!
“Ouyang Island Master, don’t worry, your revenge, I’ll give you the revenge, today I’m going to eliminate all of the rabbits of this Zhentian Dharma Sect, not one of them will be left behind ……”
Chen Ping slowly appeared the Zhentian Dragon Sword in his hand, and a terrifying killing aura continued to rise in his body!
The many disciples of Pill God Island were also invigorated by Chen Ping’s aura, and one by one, their eyes reddened as they said, “Kill, kill, kill, avenge our dead brothers ……”
Wang Qingshi frowned slightly as he looked at Chen Ping and said, “What kind of person are you brat? This is a matter for me to follow Pill God Island, if you don’t want to die, get lost ……”
Just now, Chen Ping had used that roiling to fire, directly burning dozens of people from the Zhentian Dharma Sect to death, as well as contemptuously breaking the large formation that trapped Ouyang Xing and the others, which made Wang Qingshi a little curious about Chen Ping’s identity!
“My name is Chen Ping, the matters of Pill God Island are my matters.”
Chen Ping said!
“Chen Ping?”Wang Qingshi froze, then his eyes glowed, “Could it be that you are the one, Chen Ping, who was hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings?”
“Hahaha, today is really a lucky day, not only can I get Pill God Island, but I can also kill you and exchange a hundred years of offerings with the Demon Sealing Alliance!”
“Just with you guys, you’re also worthy of killing me!”Chen Ping was not the least bit fearful of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
“Kid, you’re too crazy, hundreds of us from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect can’t kill you, a small cultivator of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm.”
“Let’s see me trap all of you in the formation ……”
After Wang Qingshi finished speaking, he violently held both of his palms towards the sky!
Instantly, the sky was covered in dark clouds, and rolling waves rose above the sea!
And just then, Ouyang Wufeng hurriedly arrived.
“Father …………”
Ouyang Wu Feng shouted and approached Ouyang Xing!
“Feng’er, don’t come over, hide away ……”
Seeing this, Ouyang Xing hurriedly shouted!
He couldn’t let Ouyang Wufeng also get trapped in the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect’s grand formation!
However, Ouyang Wufeng didn’t listen at all, and directly rushed into the mid-air that was covered by the roiling dark clouds!
Seeing this, Ouyang Xing could only sigh helplessly!
“Little Ouyang, this time you father and son can be reunited.”
Wang Qingshi sneered!
“Beasts of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, don’t go wild ……”
Chen Wenliang shouted angrily!
Only to see a dozen or so spirit boats, rapidly already approaching!
On them were all pill masters from various regions of the Celestial Realm, and these people were constantly approaching against the roiling winds and waves!
Seeing that these pill masters had even come, Ouyang Xing chastised Ouyang Wufeng, “What’s wrong with you, didn’t I ask you to notify the crowd to leave the Pill God Island immediately? How come all of them came here?”
“I …… don’t know ah, I told them to leave, but I didn’t think they all came.”
Ouyang Wufeng said!
“Ouyang Island Master, since they have come, then let’s have some more helpers.”Chen Ping said!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you don’t know, this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect’s arts are very powerful, we’re all just pill masters, we can’t fight these formation masters.”
“I fought tooth and nail to fend off here just to let the crowd escape Pill God Island, but who knew it would turn out like this.”
“Heaven’s will, could this be heaven’s will?”
Ouyang Xing was filled with frustration!
Wang Qingshi saw that all the pill masters had come, and Su Tianshuo was among them, he was excited, “Hahaha, it’s really great that you’re all here, it just saves me from killing them one by one.”
“Today I’m going to use a great formation and kill all of you, in the future, there will never be a Pill Masters Association in the entire Celestial Realm again.”
Wang Qingshi laughed madly as the dark clouds in the sky became lower and lower!
Everyone from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect also murmured in a low voice, not knowing what incantations they were chanting!
From these people of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, black mist slowly emerged continuously, then converged in that black dark cloud!