At the bottom of the Sacred Pool!
Chen Ping was still using the Heart Condensation Technique to continuously absorb and refine the aura within that Heaven Mending Stone!
As for that man, his expression was grave, only that he had no way to deal with Chen Ping who was outside the curtain of light!
Just when Chen Ping had let his guard down and was cultivating with distracting thoughts, there was a sound of water flowing above his head, causing Chen Ping to instantly wake up!
Chen Ping looked up and found a hideous Ye Liancheng coming towards him!
Ye Liancheng’s eyes were glowing red, as if he was possessed!
Chen Ping knew that this Ye Liancheng’s divine sense had been affected!
Ye Liancheng had three inner elixirs from the Inferno Demon lineage that could withstand the icy cold in the Holy Pool, but as he continued to go deeper and deeper, what appeared in the Holy Pool was not the icy coldness, but a huge pressure!
Ye Liancheng’s strength of the ninth rank of the Transition Realm had no problem resisting the pressure, except that he had neglected the effect on his divine sense in the Sacred Pool!
So at this moment, Ye Liancheng was as if he had gone mad and was coming towards Chen Ping!
Ye Liancheng’s strength of that ninth rank of the Transition Realm exploded all the way out, without any reservation at all!
Moreover, he didn’t care if this Holy Pool would be destroyed or not, he was now suffering from a damaged divine sense and was only thinking of killing Chen Ping, nothing else was even considered!
Seeing the frenzied Ye Liancheng, Chen Ping frowned and rushed all the power in his body!
Facing a ninth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm directly, Chen Ping did not dare to be the slightest bit lax or careless!
Chen Ping also knew that it was simply impossible to rely on himself and try to kill Ye Liancheng!
So Chen Ping turned his gaze towards that curtain of light!
Ye Liancheng did not know what that curtain of light represented yet, nor did he know about the Heaven Mending Stone, so as long as Chen Ping utilised his means to make that Ye Liancheng interested in the Heaven Mending Stone, it would be fine!
“Kid, return my Fire Spirit Pearl ……”
Ye Liancheng roared angrily and smashed his fist at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was running all his strength to resist, and his body was even being knocked back continuously by Ye Liancheng’s punches!
In the end, Chen Ping had no power to fight back, and blood was continuously spewing out of his mouth!
Ye Liancheng looked at Chen Ping hideously, his eyes full of disdain!
“Plough open your stomach and give me the Fire Spirit Pearl ……”
Ye Liancheng said to Chen Ping!
“Okay, I’ll give you the Fire Spirit Pearl ……”
Chen Ping literally spat out the Fire Spirit Pearl!
Now the bottom of this pool didn’t have the icy cold qi anymore, so it didn’t matter if there was a Fire Spirit Bead or not!
Seeing Chen Ping obediently spit out the Fire Spirit Pearl, Ye Liancheng was a little surprised!
Chen Ping threw out the Fire Spirit Bead, but the Fire Spirit Bead even rolled to the other side of the light screen!
Seeing this, without the slightest hesitation, Ye Liancheng was about to go and pick up that Fire Spirit Bead!
But just as he walked in front of the light curtain, a light flashed and the man’s figure reappeared.
“Those who trespass without permission, die ……”
The man’s words caused Ye Liancheng to faintly stare!
Then the light emanating from that Heaven Mending Stone also attracted Ye Liancheng’s attention!
“That is the Heaven Mending Stone, the reason why this Sacred Pool is able to remould the bloodline is all because of that Heaven Mending Stone.”
“You can take away the Heaven Mending Stone so that your son doesn’t need to be inside the Sacred Pool to be able to remould his bloodline.”
Chen Ping said to Ye Liancheng!
Ye Liancheng stood dumbfounded, without the madness he had just experienced, as if his divine sense was slowly recovering!
Ye Liancheng glanced at Chen Ping, a flash of cunning in his eyes!
“You’re punking me?” Ye Liancheng’s brain recovered!
“What am I pitting you for?”
Chen Ping asked with a weak face, feigning ignorance!
“You’ve been at the bottom of this pool for half a day, why don’t you go get the Heaven Mending Stone?”
“This Heaven Mending Stone is guarded by someone, are you trying to kill someone with a borrowed knife?”
Ye Liancheng read Chen Ping’s mind!
Chen Ping smiled faintly, the corner of his mouth lifted slightly and said “I don’t go get it because I simply can’t beat that wisp of residual soul, I’m only at the first rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, even if the other party is a wisp of residual soul, it’s not something I can cope with.”
“You’re a 9th ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, you wouldn’t also be intimidated by the other party’s wisp of residual soul, right?”