Fan Jiang nodded, then leapt up in his body!
At this moment, the High Priest followed by Daniel was on the verge of collapse and was struggling to hold on!
At this moment, Fan Jiang appeared and with a few casual punches, all those men in black went to hell!
Seeing how easily Fan Jiang had killed those men in black, Daniel’s face was full of gratitude!
“Thank you, thanks for saving me ……”
Daniel said thankfully to Fan Jiang.
And that high priest didn’t say anything, though his face was full of embarra*sment, too embarra*sed to speak!
“This is Mr. Chen’s order, or else I wouldn’t have saved you guys ……”
Fan Jiang finished speaking and turned towards Chen Ping!
What the High Priestess did at first made even Fan Jiang’s heart upset!
Daniel took the High Priestess and hurriedly followed, now both of them were injured, if they didn’t follow Chen Ping and the others closely, it was estimated that these two of them wouldn’t be able to walk far at all.
“Mr. Chen, thank you for your kindness in saving us …… we ……”
Daniel followed Chen Ping and thanked him, but he didn’t know what to say!
After all, how their Burning Heaven Divine Sect had treated Chen Ping’s few people was clear in everyone’s mind!
And that High Priest bowed his head and didn’t say a word, he had no face to speak!
“Let me ask you, does your Burning Heaven Divine Sect like to build altars? And still build them with crystals?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Daniel.
Daniel was at a loss, he was not very clear about some things about the Burning Heaven Divine Sect, after all, the Burning Heaven Divine Sect had a strict hierarchy, what he shouldn’t know, he couldn’t possibly know!
Only after hearing about building an altar with crystals, the High Priest, who had been keeping his head down, suddenly looked up with an incredulous expression on his face!
“Crystals to build an altar? Could this be their way of summoning demons?”
The High Priest’s voice was thick with horror!
“Summoning demons? Tell me clearly, what is going on?”
Chen Ping asked at the high priest.
The High Priest took a deep breath, and then slowly said, “There is a legend in our Burning Heaven Divine Sect that if anyone can build an altar out of crystals and add the magic power of a scepter, they will be able to summon a demon from the ground.”
“As soon as the demon is summoned, the demon’s divine power will be exerted on the body of the summoner, and the summoner will become the new demon, ruling over the entire hell messenger ……”
“At that time, the whole world will be in turmoil for fear of being thrown into turmoil ……”
As the High Priest said that, his body couldn’t stop trembling!
It was as if he was talking about something extremely terrifying!
“Summoning demons? Talking like it’s real, isn’t that just using a spell formation and absorbing the spirits from the ground, that altar should be a spell formation, and that scepter of some sort should be the opening organ of the spell formation!”
“Where is there any demon, it’s just the soul spirits and Yin Qi buried deep underground ……”
Hu Ma Zi said with a disdainful face.
“There really is a demon, and if you don’t believe me, you will pay for it ……”
The high priest had a determined look on his face, he was convinced that the altar could summon demons!
“Well, can we summon demons, we will know if we go and see, since we know they have built the altar, I think you can have a way to know their location, right?”
Chen Ping said to the high priest.
The High Priest nodded, then recited the words under his breath, and the bronze bell in his hand suddenly shook itself!
Every time they walked a distance, the bronze bell would shake, and that High Priest was choosing the direction of travel according to the frequency of the bell’s shaking!
Soon, the group would reach the location of the top of the mountain.
Meanwhile, inside the ruins, the second priest looked at the towering altar, his face full of excitement!
At this moment, the Second Priest was holding a sceptre inlaid with precious stones, and in his other hand he was holding a crystal!
All he had to do was put the crystal on the altar and it would be finished!