“Grand Elder, the Sheng Family has brought people back to kill ……”
Just as Sheng Bushi and the others were heading towards the Ye Family, someone immediately reported to the Ye Family’s Grand Elder!
Seeing this, the Ye Family’s Grand Elder hurriedly gathered the Ye Family’s people and guarded the front courtyard!
Sheng Bushi and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder arrived, and without saying a word, they did it!
After all, they had all fought and killed once, and each had long been filled with anger in their hearts!
So as soon as they met, they fell into a fierce fight!
“Demon Imperial Girl, you follow Ji Yun to the Sacred Pool to find Mr Chen ……”
The Demon Mountain Demon Elder said loudly to Bai Shallow!
Bai Shallow nodded and led Ji Yun towards the Ye Family’s backyard!
“Stop them, never let them go to the Sacred Pool ……” the Ye Family’s Grand Elder roared!
The Ye Family crowd blocked Bai Qian and Ji Yun.
While the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and Luo Shouhai kept clearing the way for the two!
The battle shifted from the front yard to the back yard, and finally, it even shifted to the place where the sacred pool was located!
Everywhere was filled with fluctuations in spiritual energy, shouts, cries, and groans, making the entire Ye City audible!
Cultivators were constantly falling, there were people from the Ye Family as well as people from the Sheng Family!
Although Ye Liancheng wasn’t there, the Ye Family’s Grand Elder, with a few other elders, was able to support them!
In particular, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder was directly taken care of by the Ye Family’s Grand Elder with people alone!
Because the Ye Family’s Grand Elder could see that the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder was the strongest here!
There was also that Luo Shouhai, who was at the 8th rank of the Transition Realm, and was not a cover!
Without these two people, if the Sheng Family alone followed the Ye Family in a fight, they were afraid that they would soon lose!
“Quickly send out the order to protect the city, quickly ……”
The Ye Family’s Grand Elder shouted loudly as he was losing ground in front of the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and had no choice but to do so!
Ye Liancheng wasn’t there, Ye Feng was inside the small dark room and couldn’t do anything, now he was the only one who could issue the order!
Accompanied by a bright fireworks rose into the air, and then exploded in mid-air!
Half of the sky was instantly reflected red!
The people of Ye City all looked up to the sky, then rushed towards the Ye Family with their weapons!
The Ye family had absolute status and prestige in Ye City, or else the entire city wouldn’t have been named after the Ye family!
Now that the order to protect the city was issued, everyone in Ye City would have to rise up to protect the city!
In all directions, dark crowds continued to surge towards the Ye Family!
Although the strength of these people varied from high to low, and there were no cultivators with too much strength, the other side had more people than they could count!
Sheng Bushi’s face instantly became ugly!
Luo Shouhai and the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man also frowned!
None of them had ever thought that the Ye Family would be able to mobilise the entire Ye City!
This was also too outrageous.
“All Sheng family members listen to the order, set up a formation, never let these people rush into the Ye family.”
Sheng Bushi yelled, taking the lead himself to take out the talisman and threw it high into the air!
Seeing this, the rest of the Sheng family also began to set up formations!
They had to isolate the entire Ye Family with formations in order to do so!
If these people from Ye City, rushed into the Ye Family, I’m afraid none of them would be able to escape!
Originally, they didn’t have any advantage in fighting after the Ye Family, and when they added these people from Ye City, it would be a no-win situation!
Soon, the entire Ye Family was surrounded by a ray of light!
Some cultivators rushed to the front of the formation and charged hard towards the formation, and were instantly sent flying by a powerful force!
As soon as Sheng Bushi had the Sheng Clan crowd set up the formation, this instantly put them at a disadvantage!
This was because such a huge formation had to be maintained by someone to work, and it had to be constantly repaired.
With so many people outside impacting this formation, even if they didn’t impact the position of the formation eye, they were afraid that the formation would soon be destroyed!
Sheng Bushi had to have a portion of the Sheng family maintain the formation from being washed away in order to do so!
Right now, the entire scene was relying on Luo Shouhai, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and Bai Shallow to hold it up!