“Since that’s the case, don’t blame me!” The black-robed elder snorted coldly, ready to make his move!
But before he could act, a terrifying, violent aura suddenly erupted from within the Eight Halls!
Immediately after, Chen Ping emerged with Mo Qingyun and Huo Jingjing!
“You, of all people, dare to target the Eight Halls?” Chen Ping looked at the black-robed elder with disdain.
“Who are you? A mere fifth-grade Loose Immortal, yet you dare speak to me like this!” The black-robed elder, relying on his sixth-grade Loose Immortal cultivation, didn’t take Chen Ping seriously at all!
Chen Ping merely smiled, ignoring him, and turned to Huo Zhao beside him, “Father-in-law, leave these people to me!”
Huo Zhao nodded. Chen Ping’s cultivation had risen again, and this black-robed elder was no match for him!
“Brother-in-law, kill these guys! How dare they target my Eight Halls!” Huo Feng, seeing Chen Ping’s arrival, grew bold!
“Watch closely and learn…” Chen Ping said to Huo Feng!
“Hmph, arrogant brat! It seems you won’t know the vastness of heaven and earth until I show you my power!” The black-robed elder, furious at being ignored, roared.
Muttering incantations, the black-robed elder caused the heavens to split open, and countless purple lightning bolts descended from the sky!
These bolts, thick as buckets, enveloped the entire area, creating an oppressive atmosphere for countless people!
Huo Zhao led the Eight Halls’ members to retreat continuously!
But Chen Ping only smiled faintly, gazing at the purple lightning without making a move, his eyes filled with contempt!
As the purple lightning reached Chen Ping, it suddenly vanished!
As if it had never existed!
At this sight, everyone was stunned!
The black-robed elder frowned, “Not bad, kid, you’ve got some skill!”
With that, the black-robed elder shouted, “The Way of Ten Thousand Laws…”
With his cry, the tens of thousands of cultivators behind him swung their weapons toward the void in unison!
In the void, these weapons fused, forming a colossal divine sword!
This sword contained the immortal power of tens of thousands of cultivators!
At that moment, Chen Ping’s Dragon-Slaying Sword erupted with golden light, and with a single slash!
In an instant, the heads of tens of thousands of cultivators soared into the sky!
The scene was breathtakingly spectacular!
The divine sword, formed by their power, disintegrated into a beam of light and vanished as the cultivators were slain!
Seeing this, Huo Zhao and the others were dumbfounded!
“Brother-in-law is awesome!” Huo Feng shouted excitedly!
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, tens of thousands of storage pouches rose into the air and landed in his grasp!
“Father-in-law, take these resources, they’ll be useful for the Eight Halls in the future!” Chen Ping didn’t keep the pouches for himself but handed them all to Huo Zhao!
Huo Zhao, thrilled, accepted the pouches, praising repeatedly, “Good son-in-law, good son-in-law…”
Then, turning to Huo Jingjing, he said, “Daughter, tonight, make sure to take good care of Chen Ping, try a few different positions!”
“Dad…” Huo Jingjing blushed!
At that moment, the black-robed elder stood frozen like a puppet, staring at Chen Ping in a daze, utterly shocked!
A single slash killed tens of thousands…
Could a fifth-grade Loose Immortal really do this?
“What other tricks do you have? Show them!” Chen Ping said to the black-robed elder!
“N-none… I surrender!” The black-robed elder trembled!
He was in despair, especially after seeing the heads of tens of thousands of cultivators fly into the air!
Chen Ping was far beyond his ability to oppose!
“I don’t need your surrender!” Chen Ping shook his head, “Do you know why I didn’t kill you along with those tens of thousands just now?”