“It’s not a curse, it’s the truth ……”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, there was a sudden explosion!
Boom!
Accompanied by a loud bang, the ball of light from the combined strike ruthlessly impacted on top of the formation!
Only to see the large black net shaking for a while, it quickly calmed down!
However, a black mist instantly gushed out from the formation!
Dozens of people from the Zhou Family were instantly wrapped in the black mist!
“Ah …………”
“Kill …………”
For a moment, hissing and shouting resounded through the sky!
The crowd all looked on in a daze, as they were wrapped in black mist, they simply couldn’t see what was happening inside!
“Son, son …………”
Zhou Qian was shocked and instinctively wanted to leap up, but was pulled back by Zhen Yuandao!
Soon, the Zhou Family’s sons and daughters began to fall down from that black mist!
Some of them fell down with no trace of their bodies intact long ago and without breath!
Some were seriously injured and still had a breath in them!
These people all had marks on their bodies that looked like they had been torn by something!
“Save them, quickly save them ……”
Yan Yuandao yelled!
Now that the Zhen family followed the Zhou family how it was also a marriage, they couldn’t see death and save them!
Zhou Silang also fell down, there was hardly a good place left on his body!
But it wasn’t fatal yet, as long as it was treated quickly!
Seeing his injured son, as well as those sons and daughters who had died, Zhou Qian instantly sat down on the ground!
At this moment, everyone was filled with horror and shock!
Then they all placed their gazes on Chen Ping!
Since Chen Ping was able to read this formation, he must have a way to break it!
Chen Ping saw that everyone was looking at him, so he said, “This kind of formation, if you want to break it from the inside, it would have to take a very long time, and it wouldn’t necessarily be able to succeed.”
When everyone saw Chen Ping say this, they were all like frosted aubergines!
If Chen Ping could not break it, it would be impossible for any of them to break it!
After all, they didn’t know anything about formations at all!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, isn’t there any other way to break through this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect’s formation?”
“If we are trapped like this, sooner or later, we will be wiped out by the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect.”
Chen Wenliang asked Chen Ping!
“It’s not without a way, right now, as long as someone is outside to break the formation, it will be much easier, and it will also greatly disrupt the Zhentian Dharma Sect’s formation, causing a break in the formation.”
Chen Ping said!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, aren’t you joking, who can help us break the formation outside now? Could it be relying on those guys from Su Tianshuo?”
Zhen Yuandao said helplessly!
Now that they were all trapped here, who could help break the formation outside!
Su Tianshuo and the others definitely won’t help, those guys can’t wait for all their pill masters to die!
“Don’t worry, someone will definitely help us!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Just as Chen Ping’s words had just fallen, there was suddenly a flash of lightning and thunder outside!
“Sect Master, we’ve arrived and will get you out right away!”
Only a loud roar could be heard!
It turned out to be Gu Tianzhao of the Two Yi Sect who had arrived, and then the disciples of the Two Yi Sect also began to utilise various techniques to continuously bombard towards the disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
Moreover, Gu Tianzhao also brought people and bombarded the Zhentian Dharma Sect’s grand formation outside!
In terms of artefact achievements, the Zhentian Dharma Sect was simply no match for the Two Yi Sect!
After all, the Divine Ripple Ancestor of the Two Yi Sect, that was a Heavenly Realm Immortal, and the formations he taught were all high-level formations as well!
“Someone has really come to the rescue, and there are quite a few of them!”
Listening to the commotion outside, everyone was very excited and thrilled!
“Sect Master? Who is our Sect Master here?”
“It can’t be Fellow Daoist Chen, can it?”
“What kind of people are these coming here, it seems like the spells they are performing are not the least bit weaker than that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect.”
Everyone looked curiously at Chen Ping!