Sometimes he did not even need to deliberately attack. Merely the golden halo emanating from his body caused the bodies of those low-level cultivators to continuously melt away, as if they had encountered their nemesis.
One cultivator attempted to sneak attack from behind. His bone blade carried dense evil qi as it stabbed towards Chen Ping’s back heart.
Chen Ping seemed to have eyes on the back of his head. Without turning around, he simply waved his hand backwards; a golden sword qi broke through the air and instantly split that cultivator along with the bone blade into two halves.
“A bunch of trash.”
Chen Ping said lightly; his voice was calm, yet it carried a kind of indifference overlooking all beings.
His figure shuttled through the enemy group as if entering an uninhabited realm. Each swing of the sword was accompanied by swathes of death.
Wherever the golden light passed, evil qi dispersed and white bones melted. It was as if even this land tainted by evil trembled under his power.
Half an hour later, the battle in the valley completely ended. Except for You Yue, who was dragged into the palace by Hu Mazi, all the Evil Path Hall cultivators were slaughtered.
The ground was littered with corpses intertwined with white bones. The air was filled with a strong smell of blood and scorching; it appeared particularly gruesome.
Chen Ping stood in front of the palace gate and looked up at this palace emitting blood-coloured light. A trace of solemnity flashed in his eyes.
He could feel a powerful aura hidden deep in the palace. That aura was several times stronger than You Wuxie and You Wuji; clearly, it was the branch hall master of the Evil Path Hall!
“Come out!”
Chen Ping called out; his voice seemed to contain spiritual power and echoed in the valley. “All your people are dead. How long are you going to hide?”
There was silence inside the palace for a moment. Then came a sinister laughter; that laughter seemed able to drill into one’s bone marrow and make one shiver. “What a Chen Ping, what a Hu Mazi. To actually kill your way here; it makes this seat look at you with new eyes.”
A black shadow floated out from the depths of the palace; it was enveloped in an even larger black robe. The face could not be seen clearly; one could only feel that heart-palpitating aura. It was impressively Earth Immortal realm ninth grade!
“Branch hall master?”
Chen Ping gripped the Dragon Slaying Sword tightly and concentrated in vigilance. The golden flames around his body burned even more vigorously.
The black-robed person slowly raised his head; under the hood, a pair of scarlet eyes were revealed like two blood-coloured gems. “It is indeed this seat. You killed so many disciples of my branch hall and destroyed my altar. Today, I will make you pay the price and refine your divine soul into a tonic for this seat!”
“Cut the nonsense!”
Murderous intent surged in Chen Ping’s eyes; the Dragon Slaying Sword pointed straight at the black-robed person. “The divine souls of the Hu clan were sent to the main hall. Is this true?”
The black-robed person sneered; his tone was full of disdain. “That’s right. Divine souls of such strong ones naturally have to be offered to the lords of the main hall to enjoy. If you want to find them, go to the main hall. However… I’m afraid you won’t have that chance.”
Before his words finished, he suddenly waved his hand; countless black qi surged from his palm and instantly turned into several black poisonous snakes as thick as buckets. The poisonous snakes spat out forked tongues and carried sharp hisses as they pounced towards Chen Ping. Wherever the poisonous snakes passed, the air was corroded with sizzling sounds.
Chen Ping snorted coldly; the golden flames on the Dragon Slaying Sword surged. He shouted lowly; the fire dragon on the sword emerged again. This time, the fire dragon was more solid than before, as if it had gained life.
It opened its massive mouth and let out a deafening roar; then it charged towards those black snakes.
The golden flames collided with the black poisonous snakes and instantly burned those black snakes to ashes. The flames’ momentum did not diminish and spread towards the black-robed person.
“Your opponent is me!”
Hu Mazi’s voice came from inside the palace; immediately after, a red light soared into the sky. Hu Mazi’s figure appeared behind the black-robed person; in his hand, he held a talisman burning with raging fire. The aura emitted by the talisman was not the least bit inferior to Chen Ping’s dragon flame.