Generally want to know each other have some situation, will use the power of divine sense to probe each other’s sea of consciousness, can from each other’s sea of consciousness, probe each other’s some situation!
This is the power of the divine sense of the strong people to the power of the divine sense of the weak people to probe, if the difference is huge, many cultivators are simply not aware of, they have been probed!
If one doesn’t probe the divine sense, then from what can one know the other party’s details?
“Not probing the sea of consciousness, then where is he probing?”
Chen Ping asked with great surprise!
“How would I know, don’t forget that I’m just a wisp of residual soul residing in your sea of consciousness, not that reigning Demon Lord anymore.”
“If you want to know more things, then help me collect all the skeletons and let me be reborn, at that time, I can make you the master of this Celestial Realm.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping could hear that this Red Cloud Demon Monarch was a little angry, after all, during this period of time, he had neglected to look for the bones of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
However, this could not be blamed on himself, the Celestial Realm was so vast, and this Heavenly Demon Mountain alone was unknown how big it was!
For Chen Ping to search for scattered skeletons in such a huge place, it would be harder than finding a needle in a haystack!
However, Chen Ping had explained to the Wantong Pavilion to help in the search!
The Wantong Pavilion had many sub-pavilions in the Southern Domain and many disciples, so searching for them would definitely be much easier than Chen Ping himself!
“You don’t have to be in a hurry, the matter of searching for the skeleton, I haven’t forgotten!”
Chen Ping comforted the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Don’t let this old thing fool you, after all, Chen Ping had to rely on him many times!
“Release time is up, get your arse back to your cell!”
At this time, the guard’s voice rang out!
Those prisoner cultivators all got up and obediently walked towards their cells!
Chen Ping also left the ancient tree and prepared to return to his cell!
“Mr Chen, I’m going to ask General Xing for an amnesty order so that you won’t be allowed to suffer in the cell.”
Bai Cheng whispered to Chen Ping!
“It’s fine for you to ask for an amnesty order, but instead of letting me out, let him out!”
Chen Ping said as he pointed to the youngest brother not far away!
Bai Cheng glanced at him, then nodded his head and said, “Alright, I know!”
Chen Ping walked towards the cell, while the youngest sister’s brother chased after him, saying with some displeasure: “Brother-in-law, why don’t you let me go and stay under that ancient tree ah, I will also look at what is peculiar under that ancient tree.”
“Shut your mouth, if you want to go out, then follow me honestly and don’t talk!”
Chen Ping was very displeased with the youngest sister’s brother’s sentence a brother-in-law!
The youngest sister’s brother saw that Chen Ping was angry, and was so scared that he did not dare to speak anymore!
After honestly returning to the cell, Chen Ping once again took out an elixir and gave it to the youngest sister’s brother!
“Eat the medicine, recover well, tomorrow you will be able to go out!”
Chen Ping said after the youngest sister’s brother!
The youngest sister’s brother was also not polite, directly threw the elixir into his mouth, and then said excitedly, “How will I go out tomorrow? Is it you who will take me to break out?”
After seeing Chen Ping’s strength, Brother Missy had great expectations for Chen Ping to break out of the dungeon!
“No, there should be an amnesty tomorrow to let you out!”
Chen Ping said!
“Amnesty order?”Brother Missy was shocked, “That’s something that only the three great beast generals of Beast City are qualified to issue an amnesty order.”
“Are you following the Beast City’s Three Great Beast Generals as well?”
“I’m not related, so don’t make any wild guesses, have a good rest, we’ll leave here tomorrow!”
Chen Ping told Brother Missy to have a good rest!
But just after saying that, the strong man who had been huddled in the corner, at this time, suddenly knelt down in front of Chen Ping: “Fellow Daoist, can you also give me an amnesty order so that I can be released as well?”
“Don’t worry, after I get out, even if I have to work for you as a cow, I will still repay you.”
“You a dog bear, when what cattle and horses ah?”The youngest sister’s brother looked towards the strong man and sneered!
With Chen Ping around, Missy’s brother was not afraid of that strong man!