“Elder Qu, it was us who rushed in, we were the ones who offended!”
Pocky Hu and the others hurriedly nodded their heads and said!
“This deserted island of mine, there is nothing to entertain, these few demonic beasts will be roasted and eaten, they still smell good.”
After saying that, Qu Yunchang prepared to roast the meat for Chen Ping and the others!
On the other hand, Hu Ma Zi was full of doubts as he walked towards Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, what is going on here?”
“What’s going on?” Chen Ping asked, pretending not to know.
“Why has this old monster suddenly become so nice?”
Hu Ma Zi asked.
“I don’t know, probably because I’ve been convinced by my strength.” Chen Ping said snidely.
Hu Puzi gave Chen Ping a blank look, he knew it definitely wasn’t because of that!
But since Chen Ping didn’t want to say, Hu Ma Zi didn’t ask!
Soon the roast was ready, and Chen Ping and the others began to eat!
At the same time, on top of the seaside mountain range, Wang Defa of the Heavenly Thunder Sect had arrived here with his men!
Also chasing them here was the Seven Deadly Sovereigns of the Flying Star Sect ……
The Seven Deadly Sovereigns are the a*sa*sins of the Flying Star Sect, their status is even higher than that of the elders, this time Leng Wu Dao sent the Seven Deadly Sovereigns, it was obvious that he wanted Chen Ping dead!
Looking at the vast sea in front of him, Wang Defa’s eyes slightly stared.
“Wang Deifa, your Heavenly Thunder Sect’s second young master was killed by that Chen Ping, did Tong Ocean send you to hunt down and kill that Chen Ping?”
“Don’t let it come to pa*s that you are not as strong as that Chen Ping and get yourself killed instead ……”
The Seven Deadly Monarch said to Wang Defa.
Wang Defa snorted coldly, but did not reply, for he knew that as the Seven Deadly Monarch was the a*sa*sin of the Flying Star Sect, no one knew his true strength, but it was certainly not below his own!
When Seven Deadly Monarch saw that Wang De Fa was not speaking, he did not stimulate him, but looked to the sea and continued, “That boy must have taken the water route, but this water is rampant with demonic beasts and there is an old monster blocking the way, so they will definitely not be able to escape.”
“You guys go cut some trees to make a raft, we’ll go after them ……”
Seven Deadly Monarch instructed those disciples of the Flying Star Sect and said.
Soon, the Flying Star Sect acted, intending to pursue them by the water route.
And Wang Defa kept looking at the sea in a daze, a very grave expression on his face, he knew the danger of these waters!
But remembering the tragic death of Tong Youcai, Wang Defa’s heart struck him and said, “You guys also go and cut down trees and make rafts ……”
Wang Defa told all the disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect to cut down trees as well, intending to go into the sea to chase Chen Ping, he must avenge his son!
Just after the people from the Heavenly Thunder Sect and the Flying Star Sect went out to sea, another group of people appeared where they were originally standing!
This group was the Burning Heaven Sect, and Yao Qing looked at Wang Defa and the Seven Deadly Sovereigns who had already gone far away, and the corners of his mouth curved up!
“Two idiots, they still dare to go to the sea to chase after them, with their skills, they would have been killed by that Chen Ping even if they weren’t buried in the mouths of demonic beasts.”
“The Grand Protector’s strength at the peak of the Ninth Grade Martial God is not even as strong as that Chen Ping, how can these two be a match!”
Yao Qing knew Chen Ping’s true strength, after all, the Grand Protector said so himself!
But the Flying Star Sect and the Heavenly Thunder Sect didn’t know, they still always thought that Chen Ping’s strength was only at the early stage of Martial God!
“Sect Master, what should we do? Should we go after him too?”
A member of the Burning Heaven Sect asked.
“If you dare to go up to this sea, you are looking for death. If we go back, Chen Ping will not survive, for no one can escape from this sea.”
Yao Qing waved his hand and led his men away, he knew that Chen Ping would definitely die!
Because with his strength, he did not even dare to say that he could pa*s through this sea, so it would be even more impossible for Chen Ping.
“Sect Master, could there really be an old monster in this sea? Is that old monster really that terrifying that the entire Hidden Realm is so afraid of it ……”
A member of the sect asked in a very puzzled manner.