“Zhu alliance master, I hope you’d better help me, if I let myself to investigate, let those people of the Guardian Pavilion know about it, arrest several of them, and in the case of severe torture to extract a confession, I can’t guarantee that they will not give you up ah ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public.
Zhu Zhishan’s face instantly went cold and he frowned tightly, “You’re threatening me?”
“No, no, no, Lord Zhu misunderstood me, I was just kindly reminding you ……”
Nagamura Masao’s face always had a smile on it.
Zhu Zhishan didn’t say anything and looked at Masao Nagamura coldly, but he knew that he was sort of caught by Masao Nagamura.
After a long while, Zhu Zhishan then slowly spoke, “I will send someone to investigate, I believe that in a few days, we will be able to know where that Chen Ping is ……”
“Then, thank you, Master Zhu ……” Nagamura Masao arched his hand!
“But let me warn you, these few a*sa*sins you sent here are a joke, a few of them might not be able to kill that Chen Ping ……”
Zhu Zhishan reminded.
“That’s not for Master Zhu to worry about, although the five of them are not strong, but when the five of them join forces, even a peak Martial Sect like Councilor Guo may not be a match.”
Nagamura Masao had a confident look on his face.
“En, that’s good!” Zhu Zhishan nodded his head.
Zhu Zhushan knew that some people were not very strong on their own, but they knew the art of combined attacks, and as long as they joined together, their strength would increase exponentially.
Since the Watanabe clan would send these five people, they must have something overpowering about them!
…………
The Kyoto Dragon Family!
Long Xiao’s defeat, Ran had completely disgraced the Long Family and made Long Xiao, the most talented person of the younger generation, the laughing stock of everyone.
One must know that the Long Family had quite a few affiliated clans all over the world!
After Long Xiao’s defeat, a surprising number of affiliated families announced that they had seceded from the Long Family, and the market value of the Long Family in the business world evaporated instantly.
“D*mn Chen Ping, I will make him pay sooner or later ……”
Looking at the seriously injured Long Xiao, Long Jingguo gritted his teeth, his eyes filled with anger!
“Family head, Venerable Ding Hui is here ……”
Long Xingxu walked in and said to Long Jingguo.
“Quickly invite him in ……”
Upon hearing this, Long Jingguo hurriedly got up to welcome him!
At that moment, Venerable Ding Huan hurriedly walked in, and upon seeing Long Xiao lying on the bed, anger erupted from his eyes!
“How dare you hurt my disciple so badly, D*mn you …………”
Venerable Ding Huan said, walking over to the bed and sitting beside Long Xiao.
“Master …………”
Seeing that Venerable Ding Huan had come, Long Xiao whimpered and cried.
For the injuries on his body, Long Xiao could still bear it, but this was too humiliating, he couldn’t afford to lose this!
“Disciple, you don’t need to cry, wait for my master to check your body ……”
Venerable Ding Huan grabbed Long Xiao’s wrist, and a strong qi struck into Long Xiao’s body.
A moment later, Venerable Ding Huan’s face became very ugly.
“It’s simply too vicious, to shatter all of Long Xiao’s bones, this Chen Ping simply deserves to die ……”
Venerable Ding Huan gritted his teeth and said viciously.
“Venerable Ding Huan, do you have any magic pills to make Xiao’er get better as soon as possible?”
Long Jingguo hurriedly asked.
“In this situation right now, I’m afraid that we can only ask the people from the Pill God Valley to help, after all, they are connoisseurs in this area ……”
Venerable Ding Huan said.
As soon as he heard about the Pill God Valley, Long Jingguo’s face turned ugly.
Than the ring that he, the Pill God Valley was clearly on Chen Ping’s team, although he didn’t know what kind of relationship Chen Ping followed the Pill God Valley, but he could see that the Pill God Valley was very important to Chen Ping.
Now, if they were to go to the Pill God Valley to invite someone, they were afraid that someone from the Pill God Valley would not come.