“Qilin my arse, where is this a Qilin beast? It’s called the Heaven Swallowing Beast, the mount of the Nine Heavens Red Cloud Demon Lord. ”
The Fire Spirit Astral Monarch said in shock!
“This is a Devil mount? Isn’t it a Qilin Beast? What the heck is a Heaven Swallowing Beast?”
Chen Ping was filled with confusion!
“The Heaven Swallowing Beast is a ferocious beast that is extremely difficult to raise, I heard that it was born from the mating of a Qilin and a Taotie, I’m not very clear about it.”
“But how could this Heaven Swallowing Beast lay eggs in this Divine Demon Battlefield? It’s also impossible for that Red Cloud Demon Lord to come here ah?”
“Strange, really strange ……”
The Fire Spirit Astral Monarch had a puzzled look on his face!
Chen Ping heard, no wonder this little guy followed the unicorn beast to look so much like it, so it was a crossbreed!
However, regardless of whether it was the Kirin Beast or the Heaven Swallowing Beast, Chen Ping had wasted a lot of effort to get it to hatch out and had also recognised the owner, so let’s take our time to raise it!
Putting that little Heaven Swallowing Beast back into his storage ring, Chen Ping turned to the Fire Spirit Astral Monarch and asked “Senior, so is this clock of mine a time magic weapon, is it not very powerful?”
Only then did the Fire Spirit Astrologer take a look at the clock in Chen Ping’s hand and said with disdain “It is a time magic artefact, but it should have been damaged, and your current strength is just right for you to use it.”
“However, this thing is afraid that it won’t be able to be used many times, it is useful to you now, but when you ascend to Immortality, you won’t be able to use it.”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping hurriedly continued to ask “Senior, then can you give me how to activate this magic weapon?”
“I’m here to teach you the Immortal Law Inheritance, you really take me as your master and teach me everything.”
The Fire Spirit Astrologer glared at Chen Ping, and with a wave of his hand, a ray of light entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
“Senior, what is this …… this Immortal Law called?”
Chen Ping asked as he felt the Immortal Law in his sea of consciousness!
“This is the Royal Fire Steps, after you refine it, you will be able to step out a hundred miles in one step, if you encounter an enemy that you can’t defeat, you can use the Royal Fire Steps to escape.”
Fire Spirit Astrologer said!
“Ah? A legacy of escape ah?” Chen Ping was speechless for a while “I know the Blistering Wind Steps, and I can run very quickly ……”
“You know sh*t, that Blistering Wind Steps to increase your speed is nothing more than increasing your running frequency, whereas my Fire Royal Steps are able to control space, shrink the ground, and take one step for a hundred miles.”
“Passing on your gong method, you still pick and choose, not teaching ……”
After the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign finished speaking, his figure suddenly disappeared into thin air!
“Senior, senior …………”
Chen Ping shouted, but there was still the shadow of that Fire Spirit Star Monarch there!
Chen Ping saw that he was still in the copper cauldron, and on the inner wall of the cauldron, it was smooth and smooth, and there was also no gongfa engraved on it at all!
“sh*t, could it be a dream?”
Chen Ping climbed out of the copper cauldron, his eyes filled with confusion!
However, when Chen Ping’s divine sense entered his sea of consciousness, he found that the Royal Fire Steps were in his sea of consciousness, and he understood this time that it was not a dream at all!
“This old man, his temper is quite explosive ……”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, this Fire Spirit Star Sovereign was even playing with his petty temper!
Chen Ping turned around in the hall again, and after discovering that there were no other hidden treasures, he quietly observed towards the outside of the hall!
Chen Ping was afraid that that Qi Peijia was still outside, in that case, if he went out rashly, wouldn’t he be a sheep in a tiger’s mouth!
After secretly looking for a while, he found that Qi Peijia was not outside, then Chen Ping used his Divine Sense to check once before he dared to walk out from the hall!
Just after Chen Ping stepped out of the hall, that hall suddenly disappeared, as if it had never existed!
“Master …………”
At this time, Fire Phoenix and the others rushed up from halfway up the mountain!
“Why are you guys coming up?” Chen Ping asked!
“We saw that guy called Qi Peijia leaving, so we ran up here for fear that you were in danger, are you alright?”
Fire Phoenix asked worriedly!