The Kyoto Budo Federation!
In front of Zhu Zhi Shan stood five island samurai wearing kimonos and holding katanas!
These five men were the a*sa*sins sent by the Watanabe clan!
Each one was above the eighth rank of Martial Sect, and each one had a cold face!
“Lord, these are the people sent by the Watanabe Clan, but in the last few days, there has been no news of Chen Ping, and I have not dared to let them move around freely, and the Protector Pavilion is sending people around to look for them!”
Guo Wei said to Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan surveyed the five a*sa*sins sent by the Watanabe Clan, and the corners of his mouth suddenly lifted up in disdain.
“I heard that the Watanabe clan is a famous and prestigious clan in the island country, to send such five powerful a*sa*sins, is that the strength of the Watanabe clan?”
Zhu Zhishan did not think that five a*sa*sins who were only above the Eighth Grade Martial Sect would be able to kill Chen Ping.
Although the Eighth Grade Martial Sect was only one step away from the Peak Martial Sect, there was a huge difference in strength on the path of cultivation, just this small realm!
The peak of Martial Zong followed by the half-step Martial Marquis was also one step away, but the strength was a thousand times different.
When a half-step Martial Marquis steps into the Martial Marquis realm, it is at a different level.
As a Martial Marquis, he already has the strength to start a sect in Kyoto.
“Baka ……”
Suddenly, one of the samurai looked at Zhu Zhi Shan angrily, “Our Watanabe clan is full of experts, just kill a small Daxia man, no need to send our clan’s experts ……”
Slap ……
Zhu Zhishan waved his hand and instantly, a qi force smacked the samurai in the face!
The warrior was directly smashed out of the air.
“D*mn, if I hadn’t made the move, you would have been f*cking prisoners, and you still dare to bark at me?”
Zhu Zhishan grimaced.
There were only a few 8th grade Martial Sect warriors, Zhu Zhishan was not accustomed to them.
The warriors who had been slapped could only stare angrily at Zhu Zhishan, not daring to say anything!
Zhu Zhishan’s slap clearly let them know Zhu Zhishan’s strength.
“Master Zhu, these are just some subordinates, why are you so angry? …………”
At this time, Masao Nagamura walked in, with a faint smile on his face.
When he saw Masao Nagamura, Zhu Zhishan revealed a smile: “Amba*sador Nagamura, these samurai from your island are not very strong, but they have a temper, and they dare to yak yak yak with anyone ……”
“Hahahaha, don’t take it personally, Lord Zhu, I will naturally teach them a lesson when I return ……”
Masao Nagamura laughed.
“Mr. Amba*sador ……”
When the five island warriors saw Masao Nagamura, they hastily bent down and bowed respectfully.
Snap!
Masao Nagamura gave a vicious slap to then samurai who had just disrespected Zhu Zhi Shan!
“I tell you, in the island country, I don’t care how rampant your Watanabe family is, but this is Daxia, if you want to live, all of you should be more restrained, don’t lose your little lives here before the mission is completed.”
Nagamura Masao scolded loudly with a cold face.
The few island warriors didn’t dare to breathe, even if the Watanabe family was bullying, they didn’t dare to follow the official, which Nagamura Masao represented.
“Hi!”
Several samurai replied in a rush.
“Amba*sador Nagamura, you don’t need to lecture them in front of me either, I’ve finished what you entrusted me with, now you can take them away ……”
Zhu Zhi Shan had taken a great risk to sneak these killers into the country, and now these people were hot pills.
After Nagamura Masao had taken these people away, Zhu Zhi Shan could only feel a little more at ease.
“Master Zhu, where is that Chen Ping now, I still hope that Master Zhu will pay more attention to him, Master Zhu also wants to kill that Chen Ping very much, doesn’t he?”
Nagamura Masao said with a faint smile towards Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan waved his hand, “Where is that Chen Ping, how could I possibly know, you guys go and find out yourselves ……”