“Chen Ping, what are you going to do?”
Ge Jiayi asked as she turned to Chen Ping.
“I’m fine, this bit of rock can’t hurt me, you guys go quickly ……”
Chen Ping urged.
“Mr. Chen, you take care ……”
After saying that, Ge Fuhai pulled Ge Jiayi and ran outside.
At this moment, many people also reacted and looked at the ruins that were about to collapse and started to run out too!
But the tunnel was narrow and not many people could run out!
Luckily, as Chen Ping had warned in advance, Ge Fuhai and Long Xingxu and the others all ran out!
Rumble …………
The ground shook and then the rocks started to fall in a big way!
This time, the crowd all stopped and ran outwards, while Hu Ma Zi and Jiang Wei also reached Chen Ping’s side!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Jiang Wei was puzzled when he saw that Chen Ping wasn’t running outwards!
“Master Hu, it’s up to you whether we will be smashed to death ……”
Chen Ping said with a smile at Pocky Hu!
“This little thing, simple!”
Only to see Pocky Hu pull out a few talismans and casually draw a few strokes on them!
Then with a forceful toss, several talismans actually began to spin above Chen Ping’s head!
The boulders that kept falling overhead were directly blocked out!
When Jiang Wei saw this, his eyes were full of shock and envy as he looked at Hu Ma Zi!
And that Ning Zhi led four black and gold robes around the Devil’s Envoy!
An aura emanated from the Devil’s Envoy, enveloping several of them all!
Even if the mountain collapsed, they, including that divine altar, would be fine!
Rumble …………
The mountain really started to collapse, the dust flew and boulders kept falling!
Many people didn’t escape and began to be pelted to death by the rocks, while others wailed in pain!
But at this time, there was no one who could help anyone!
The collapse lasted for ten minutes!
In the end, the whole hill collapsed, and the people who had run out looked at the hill that had collapsed in front of them, with faces of bewilderment and confusion!
This time, although Hong Qianjiu and his men had escaped, many others were still smashed inside, losing a full half of their men!
“Chen Ping …… Chen Ping …………”
Ge Jiayi shouted desperately as she faced the collapsing hill!
“Don’t worry, Chen Ping will be fine ……”
Ge Yuhan said as she pulled Ge Jiayi back.
“Sister Yuhan, how do you know?”
Ge Jiayi asked.
“If he was smashed to death so easily, then he wouldn’t be Chen Ping, and I can feel that Chen Ping’s breath, if he was smashed to death, so there could still be breath.”
Ge Yuhan explained!
Hearing Ge Yuhan say this, Ge Jiayi’s mood then calmed down a bit!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, the small hill that had quieted down, began to shake once again! Immediately afterwards, the mountain rocks splashed in all directions, piece by piece!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others were revealed, as well as Ning Zhi and the others, who all knocked the rocks around them away, exposing the altar of God!
Looking at Chen Ping and the others unharmed, many people felt very surprised!
But Chen Ping himself knew that although they had resisted the damage caused by the collapse of the mountain, they had nevertheless expended a great deal of spiritual energy.
And the same was true for the other side, whether it was that demon envoy or the four black and gold robes, resisting the mountain collapse wouldn’t have been much easier for them!
“Hong Qianjiu, now is such a good time, what are you waiting for if you don’t make a move?”
“Do you want to wait for them to regain their strength?”
Chen Ping shouted at a bewildered Hong Qianjiu!
Only then did Hong Qianjiu react and glanced at Lu Factory, who also understood what Chen Ping meant, then with a nod of his head, the group attacked towards Ning Zhi and the others once again!
Ning Zhi took the four black and gold robes with him and instantly responded to the battle, it was obvious that this time the aura of the four black and gold robes was quite weaker, it looked like resisting the collapse of the mountain just now had cost them quite a lot of strength too!
But even so, that demon envoy had not moved an inch, still guarding that divine altar, leaving Chen Ping no chance to strike!
Hu Ma Zi could see what Chen Ping was thinking, so he said, “Chen Ping, I’ll make a move to lure that old devil away, you go and make a move on the divine altar ……”
After saying that, without waiting for Chen Ping to say anything, Hu Pazzi leapt up and headed towards that demon envoy.