Although Chen Ping knew some of the art of charms and spells, when he saw this charm, he couldn’t understand it at all!
“This is given to you by Mr. Shi, it can save your life in critical moments ……”
Xing Jun handed the talisman to Chen Ping.
“A life-preserving rune? So powerful?”
Chen Ping took the talisman and looked at it carefully in amazement!
“Mr. Shi explained that you must take this rune with you today, because you will have a killing spell today.”
Xing Jun finished speaking and also turned to leave, leaving Chen Ping alone in that empty hall!
Putting away the talisman, Chen Ping walked out of the Protector’s Pavilion!
By now, Zhao Wuji had already prepared a car at the entrance and was driving it himself!
“Mr. Chen, get in the car, I’ll take you out of the city, I believe no one will dare to hit the Dharma Protection Pavilion ……”
Zhao Wuji said as he rolled down the car window.
Chen Ping didn’t push back and got into the car directly, then the car quickly drove towards the outside of the city.
And just as Chen Ping and the others left from the entrance of the Dharma Protector Pavilion, the news had already reached Zhu Zhishan’s ears!
“Humph, today, I must see that Chen Ping’s head ……”
Zhu Zhishan snorted coldly!
While Fan Jiang, who was beside Zhu Zhishan, did not speak, being this tiger-headed sword behind him, he turned around and got into a car and departed.
…………
The outskirts of Kyoto!
Zhao Wuji stopped the car and then sent someone to look around before he said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, you can get out of the car now, there is no one around here!”
Chen Ping nodded and stepped out of the car.
But just as he got out of the car, Chen Ping’s brow was furrowed and his face became a little ugly.
“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong? I’ve sent people to observe all of this area ……”
Zhao Wuji saw that expression on Chen Ping’s face and hurriedly asked.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, in a moment, you will leave quickly, don’t stay here ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and raised his head slightly, his eyes looking towards a hill not far away!
Zhao Wuji also followed and hurriedly looked, and found that on top of that mountain, there was actually a person towering over it.
Soon, with a slight leap, that man leapt down from the mountain!
His body was like a big bird, and after gliding through the air for some distance, he landed steadily in front of Chen Ping.
Although the other party was trying hard to collect his aura, Chen Ping could still feel the powerful pressure of his body.
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed even deeper, and his face looked a little ugly!
But when Zhao Wuji saw the person in front of him, his face changed drastically and his body couldn’t help but take several steps backwards!
“Fan …… Fan Jiang ……”
Zhao Wuji’s breathing all started to become labored and his face was incomparably white!
And those other members of the Guardian Pavilion also all backed up as if they had seen a devil!
Seeing Zhao Wuji and the others with that kind of expression, Chen Ping instantly understood that this person in front of him was an extremely dangerous and terrifying figure, otherwise Zhao Wuji, a Protector Pavilion Master, wouldn’t have this kind of expression.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, who is this person?”
Chen Ping asked in a small voice.
”Mr. Chen, at this moment, his name is Fan Jiang, twenty years ago, the largest evil cultivator head of the martial arts world, but he should have died twenty years ago, so how did he suddenly appear here?”
Zhao Wuji’s voice trembled as he said.
An evil cultivator leader who had become famous twenty years ago?
Then this person’s strength must be unfathomable by now.
“This one called Chen Ping stays, the others hurry up and get lost, I’m in a good mood today and don’t want to kill more people ……”
Fan Jiang pointed at Chen Ping, then said in a cold voice.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, you guys should leave first, staying here is just adding to the casualties ……”
Chen Ping said to Zhao Wuji.
“Mr. Chen, then you should be more careful, this Fan Jiang was already a Martial Marquis twenty years ago, and now he is afraid that he has long since broken through to the realm of Great Martial Marquis.”
Zhao Wuji admonished Chen Ping.