“All listen to Master Bu Confusion, Master hurry inside please …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong personally made a gesture of invitation and invited Master Bu Confusion inside!
When Master Bu Dou entered the living room, Jiang Zhengzhong actually personally poured tea and water and treated that Master Bu Dou with respect!
Master Bu Dou nodded, satisfied with Jiang Zhengzhong’s attitude.
“Master Bu Dou, I wonder if you have come here this time, has Master Qian Gu given an explanation?”
Jiang Zhengzhong asked tentatively.
“Hahahaha, the Valley Master has already told me about Jiang Gong’s matter, and I have come in person this time to purposely refine a life renewal pill for Jiang Gong, to ensure that Jiang Gong will be over a hundred years old.”
Master Bu Dou said with a laugh.
“Thank you so much Master Bu Dou, you’ve had a long journey, you should rest first, I’ve already ordered someone to prepare the herbs for the pill, it should be ready in the next two days!”
Jiang Zhengzhong said with an excited expression.
Master Bu Dou nodded and got up to go and rest, but just after taking two steps, he suddenly turned back to Jiang Zhengzhong, “I wonder if Lord Jiang knows my preference?”
“Yes, I understand Master Bu Zu Zu’s preference, I have prepared it for Master Bu Zu long ago!”
Jiang Zhengzhong nodded his head repeatedly and said.
“Hahahaha, that’s good!”
Master Bu Confusion was taken to rest, while Jiang Zhengzhong looked to his butler and said, “Old Liu, go and send the recruited girls to Master Bu Confusion, two girls per day, don’t forget them, plus make sure that each one is a virgin!”
“Understood Master!” The butler nodded and left!
………………
Gu Ling’er’s home!
Chen Ping was lying on the sofa resting, Gu Ling’er went out to meet up with Li Shouyi, how exactly Chen Ping was going to be handled, none of them could decide right now, but Gu Ling’er didn’t want to hand Chen Ping over to the Jiang family’s!
Just as Chen Ping was lying down to rest, the door suddenly rattled and someone was opening the door with a key, Chen Ping thought Gu Ling’er had returned, so he didn’t care!
But who knows, after the door opened, the person who came in was a boy wearing gla*ses, only about 20 years old!
When the boy saw Chen Ping lying on the sofa, he was stunned: “Who are you? Why are you here?”
The boy looked at Chen Ping with a surprised face and asked.
Chen Ping was also a bit flustered, he thought that this boy was Gu Ling’er’s boyfriend, so he hurriedly said, “I’m just resting here for a while, nothing else!”
“You’re a big man, resting in my sister’s room, and you say you don’t mean anything else? How did you get in here? Let me tell you, my sister is an agent, if you dare to go inside her house, she will beat you to death!”
The boy threatened at Chen Ping, picking up a broom by the side with his hand, looking at Chen Ping warily!
When Chen Ping heard that he was Gu Ling’er’s brother, he was relieved, and looking at the boy’s nervous look, he couldn’t help but smile, “You are Gu Ling’er’s brother? I was brought back by your sister, she had something to do and asked me to wait for him at home, you don’t need to be nervous, I’m not a bad person, your grandfather Gu Wentian, we also know each other!”
When the boy saw that Chen Ping even knew his grandfather, it was obvious that he was not a thief or something like that, so he put the broom down and also relaxed his guard.
“You’re my sister’s boyfriend, right?” The boy took a look at Chen Ping: “My family has been asking my sister to find a boyfriend for a long time, but she just didn’t agree, so she has been looking for one secretly. What does your family do? Do you have any money?”
The boy asked Chen Ping as if he was investigating his family’s account.
Chen Ping was stunned and was about to explain clearly that he was not Gu Ling’er’s boyfriend, but at this time, Gu Ling’er had already returned.
“Gu Feng, what are you doing here with me again?”
Gu Ling’er looked at her brother and said with a face full of displeasure at once.