With a sound of metal clashing, the katanas in the hands of the first few samurai all broke, and the ma*sive recoil caused all of them to fly backwards, their bodies instantly exploding into a bloody mist in mid-air ……
This scene in the eyes of that Shimada Kurono, can not help but frown Avray!
Although the samurai in front were blown into a bloody mist by the recoil, none of the samurai behind them flinched!
The spirit of Bushido was dominating the minds of these samurai at this moment, so they were all brave enough to die ……
“Kill …………”
Dozens of samurai neatly and uniformly cut down Chen Ping in the air, dozens of blades synthesized into one.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body flashed with golden light, his imperishable golden body activated, a piece of golden scales covered Chen Ping’s whole body!
At this moment, Chen Ping was as if he was wearing golden armour!
“Hmph, today I will smash your Bushido spirit ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as he flicked his palm!
A terrifying force rushed out, dozens of samurai were struck by this force, each one was thrown into the air like a mole, and then began to explode.
A spray of blood rained down from the sky, limbs and organs were scattered all over the place, and the whole mountain top was covered with a thick bloody smell!
This was the effect Chen Ping wanted, since these samurai were dominated by the Bushido ideology, Chen Ping had to use bloody and violent means to make them feel afraid and panic!
This group of samurai died, but immediately dozens more rushed up, each with a murderous aura in their eyes, without the slightest fear!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s right hand snapped open and the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in his hand!
With a swipe of the sword, the warriors in front of him were instantly cut off!
The warriors’ upper bodies fell to the ground, but their legs took a few steps forward due to inertia before they collapsed!
Blood splattered as Chen Ping used his Dragon Slashing Sword to kill dozens of warriors with a single blow!
As this group of warriors was lazily cut down, another group of warriors who were not afraid of death rushed up.
Chen Ping’s eyes gaped as the Zeng Long Sword in his hand instantly waved out a stream of sword qi!
These sword qi, directly strangled the warriors who rushed up, and killed them to pieces.
Chen Ping would not leave their bodies whole!
Looking at the large swathes of fallen samurai, Shimazaki Kurono turned his head towards the ten spell masters, who nodded and then began to cast spells.
In the sky, a white thread appeared, and these threads were like silkworms, and then swarmed towards Chen Ping.
In the end, Chen Ping was like a silkworm chrysalis, wrapped tightly in those white threads!
Seeing Chen Ping being bound, Shimazaki Xuanno breathed a sigh of relief and the corners of his mouth curled up in a smile!
But before Shimazakueno’s smile could disappear, he saw a golden light emerge from around the white threads, and in the end they all instantly shattered, while Chen Ping’s body regained its freedom!
“Want to compete with me in spells?”
Chen Ping crossed his arms, then fiercely held them up towards the sky ……
Soon there were dark clouds in the sky, and a heavenly thunder rumbled out!
This sudden vision of heaven and earth caused the faces of Shimazaki Xuan Ye and those masters of the arts to turn pale!
They understood how much spiritual power was needed to support a spell that could cause such a vision!
But before they could reflect, a heavenly thunderbolt descended from the sky ……
Rumble …………
Each time a thunderbolt struck, a spell master disappeared instantly before Shimazakueno’s eyes, blasted to cinders ……