Chen Ping had also seen that huge Origin Illusion Beast a long time ago, and that terrifying Origin aura just now was emitted by that huge Origin Illusion Beast!
Now that there were so many Origin Illusionary Beasts, and there was also one that was particularly huge, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed!
Relying on the strength of the two of them, it would be a joke to kill so many Origin Illusion Beasts!
“Help, help ah …………”
The three of them, Ji Yue, desperately ran in front of them, each of them in a sorry state, dodging attacks while running forwards!
“Chen Ping, what are we going to do?”
Seeing so many Origin Illusionary Beasts, among which there was also an Origin Illusionary Beast the size of a small mountain, Ji Meiyan panicked a little!
“Run, what else can we do ……”
Chen Ping pulled up Ji Meiyan and started running towards the outside of the mountain pass!
Those Origin Mirage Beasts were in close pursuit behind them, especially that huge Origin Mirage Beast, every step was shaking the ground, and the entire Ancestral Land was trembling!
At this moment, the Great Ancestor within the Ancestral Ground’s great hall slowly opened his eyes, and he also detected the strange movements within the Ancestral Ground!
“These guys, how did they provoke that terrifying fellow, isn’t this looking for death?”
The Great Ancestor finished speaking and slowly gave his eyes shut again!
While Chen Ping pulled Ji Meiyan and ran desperately in front, Ji Yue and the three of them chased after him!
At the end were those Origin Illusion Beasts!
“What’s happening? What is this commotion?”
Ji Meiling was at a small hilltop, following Ji Yun in search of some divine weapons, when she suddenly felt the Ancestral Ground vibrate, and couldn’t help but look in the direction the vibrations were coming from.
“Second sister, what is this situation? Could it be that there are still huge demonic beasts within this ancestral land? I seem to have heard the hissing of a demonic beast.”
Ji Yun asked to Ji Meiling!
“I don’t know, even if there is, it’s still some Origin Phantom Beasts, there shouldn’t be such a big commotion ah, let’s go take a look ……”
Ji Meiling led Ji Yun, towards the direction of the mountain pass!
The other Ji Family children also rushed towards this side after feeling this vibration, all wanting to see if there was any treasure about to appear within this ancestral land!
Soon, dozens of Ji Clan disciples gathered at the entrance of the mountain pass, but no one dared to go in to find out what was going on!
Just as the crowd was wondering what was going on inside the mountain pass, suddenly two silhouettes swept out of the mountain pass!
These two people were none other than Chen Ping following Ji Meiyan, and the two were also fleeing in a bit of a mess!
“Big sister, Mr Chen, why are you guys here?”
Seeing Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan, Ji Yun was filled with surprise!
He didn’t expect Chen Ping to follow Ji Meiyan into the middle of the Ji Family’s ancestral land anymore!
Ji Meiling was also surprised, “Big sister, so you entered the ancestral land a long time ago, big brother even made me look for you for half a day.”
“Let’s not talk about it first, hurry up and get out of here, it’s too dangerous!”
Ji Meiyan pulled Ji Meiling and headed into the distance, Chen Ping also called Ji Yun to leave the entrance of the mountain pass!
If those Origin Mirage Beasts rushed out, who of them could resist ah!
The vibrations grew stronger and stronger, and immediately after that, Ji Yue and the three of them also rushed out from the mountain pass!
Only, after they rushed out, those Origin Illusion Beasts hissed behind them, and surprisingly, none of them left that mountain pass!
Even that biggest Origin Illusion Beast was just hissing, not daring to step out of the mountain pass!
Chen Ping, who saw this scene, instantly became a little strange!
“Why aren’t these Origin Illusion Beasts leaving the mountain pass?”
Chen Ping asked!
Ji Meiyan shook her head “I don’t know, I only know that those Origin Illusionary Beasts, are all in this mountain pass and nowhere else.”
Chen Ping glanced around, apart from in that mountain pass, there were Origin Breaths in other places as well, why could the Origin Breaths in other places not condense into Origin Phantom Beasts, but only the ones in this mountain pass could?