But Chen Ping found that every time he cut a longsword, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his own hand would strengthen by one point!
This could be the cultivation of his Dragon Cutting Sword!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping wielded the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand with even more vigour!
In a short while, there were more broken swords on the ground, and cold sweat began to appear on Chen Ping’s forehead!
But Chen Ping still gritted his teeth and persevered, knowing that this time was a sharpening of the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand, and also a sharpening of himself!
When Chen Ping cut off the last longsword, his whole body sat down on the ground in exhaustion!
And the old man looked at Chen Ping with a few smiles on his face!
“You have pa*sed this level, I hope you can make it to the end, so that you can also fulfill our wish for centuries ……”
The old man spoke up to Chen Ping.
Just as Chen Ping was about to ask who the old man really was, the long sword in the old man’s hand was suddenly thrown towards Chen Ping, and immediately afterwards the whole person disappeared.
The longsword in the old man’s hand came towards Chen Ping, but finally it stopped in front of Chen Ping’s eyes!
Immediately afterwards the longsword emitted a faint light, the light was absorbed by the Dragon Chopping Sword, and finally the longsword fell on, and unexpectedly turned into powder directly.
As the sword turned into powder, the scene in front of Chen Ping’s eyes changed and he found himself standing in the same place, and the sword formation in front of him had also disappeared.
Looking around, Chen Ping did not see anyone either, and even the sword qi around him had disappeared.
“Could this be the way to see that magic sword?”
Chen Ping was amazed, then stepped forward!
If it was that easy to find that magic sword, it was a little too easy!
Chen Ping continued to walk forward for ten minutes, and soon the sword Qi that had disappeared began to reappear, and this time it was even more violent!
Only, this time, instead of dense long swords in front of Chen Ping’s eyes, there were three swords stuck in a zigzag pattern on the ground!
Looking at the three swords in front of him, Chen Ping knew that this should also be a sword formation!
Since there was a sword formation, then there must be sword puppets around!
Chen Ping had just finished thinking this when he noticed a murderous aura approaching, followed by a dozen sword puppets, approaching Chen Ping step by step!
The sword puppets he encountered this time were obviously much stronger than the ones he encountered at the beginning!
These sword puppets were still wearing the clothes they wore before they died, with the logo of the Sword Asking Sect embroidered on them!
It looked like these were all senior disciples of the Sword Asking Sect!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything and raised the Zeng Long Sword high in his hand, after all, these sword puppets didn’t have minds, so it was useless for Chen Ping to say anything.
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping shouted, the Zhan Long Sword in his hand, and his entire body rose up in the air.
An endlessly brilliant sword aura fell, instantly cutting a sword puppet to pieces!
The huge shockwave sent other sword puppets straight into the distance as well!
But these thoughtless sword puppets did not know fear at all and immediately rose up, still charging towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping waved his Dragon Slashing Sword, and with every swing of his sword, a sword puppet was killed!
Soon, a dozen sword puppets were all reduced to scraps!
The strength of the Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand increased once again!
After the sword puppets were killed, Chen Ping’s eyes were fixed on the three long swords, he knew that it was time to activate the sword formation.
Sure enough, after the sword puppets were all killed, a pillar of light began to fall from the middle of the three long swords!
The pillar of light seemed to come from beyond the sky and instantly illuminated the middle of the three long swords!
Chen Ping looked at the pillar of light and gently moved his feet, standing directly into it.
Soon, the light wrapped around Chen Ping, who felt his feet lighten and his whole body slowly rise upwards.
Chen Ping’s body was suspended in mid-air, just enveloped by that pillar of light!
The pillar of light began to surge with an extremely crazy sword energy!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly tried to unleash his Invincible Golden Body to resist, but he found that he could not exert any spiritual energy at all!