Chen Ping saw that Mu Kui fleeing, so he leapt forward and chased after him!
“Daring, the inner gate is not something you can just enter.”
Lan Yingying shouted angrily and stepped forward to stop Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned as his Zhan Long Sword sword pointed at Lan Yingying and said, “Get out of the way, or die ……”
Chen Ping’s body erupted with killing intent, and his eyes were even more terrifyingly cold!
It was as if it only took an instant for him to decapitate Blue Yingying!
As Lan Yingying felt the terrifying killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, her entire body was instantly stunned and her body was actually trembling slightly!
When Chen Ping saw Blue Yingying’s appearance, he did not say anything, but crossed over Blue Yingying and chased towards that Mu Kui!
Blue Yingying did not chase this time, because she had a feeling that Chen Ping would really kill her if she chased after him!
Mu Kui saw Chen Ping chasing after him and panicked to death internally!
Right now, his strength was declining, and the essence blood in his body was all burnt out!
If he was caught up by Chen Ping, a single sword could have killed him!
“What kind of person? Trespassing on the inner gate of Guanghan Palace?”
Just as Mu Kui was looking to reach the inner gate of Guanghan Palace, suddenly two Guanghan Palace inner gate disciples blocked the way!
“Get out of the way, I’m Elder Mu’s nephew, I have a token here!”
Mu Kui hurriedly took the token out, “I’m here to find my aunt ……”
After the two inner disciples saw the token, they could only dodge and let Mu Kui enter the inner gate of the Guanghan Palace!
“Auntie, help, help ……”
As soon as he entered the inner gate, Mu Kui started yelling for help!
This caused many of the female cultivators of the Guanghan Palace to look at him with faces full of surprise!
At this moment, Chen Ping had also chased him to the inner gate of the Guanghan Palace, and the two disciples of the inner gate stopped Chen Ping and asked sternly, “Who are you? No trespassing into the inner gate palace!”
“Get out of the way, I don’t want to hurt you guys!”
Chen Ping said with an ice-cold face!
“How dare you, a tiny third ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, how dare you speak out of turn!”
An inner disciple said as she glared angrily at Chen Ping!
They were all at the sixth rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm strength, and Chen Ping dared to talk to them like this!
Chen Ping did not say anything more, but instead, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand slashed!
Roar …………
The sword Qi was like a dragon, emitting a hissing roar as it went straight towards the two inner no disciples!
This time, the two inner disciples were all stunned.
“Is …… this the sword qi chopped out by a third grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm?”
“Too terrifying, quickly dodge ……”
The two inner disciples quickly dodged away to the sides!
Actually, Chen Ping did not want to injure them, he just told them to get out of the way!
Just as the two inner sect disciples were dodging, Chen Ping rushed into the inner sect in a flash!
And at this moment, from within the inner gate hall, a middle-aged woman-like person walked out, and then said with a gloomy face, “Mu Kui, this is the inner gate hall of the Guanghan Palace, what are you shouting about?”
This person was none other than Mu Kui’s aunt, Guanghan Palace’s Elder Mu!
“Auntie, help, someone is trying to kill me ……”
After Mu Kui saw his aunt, he immediately fell from mid-air before kneeling in front of that Elder Mu with an aggrieved face!
“What’s going on here? Who injured you like this? Why is all the essence blood in your body gone? And your strength is decreasing at a rapid rate?”
“In that case, wouldn’t you have no way to cultivate in the future, wouldn’t that make you an invalid?”
Elder Mu looked at Mu Kui’s appearance and asked in shock!
“Auntie, it’s that Chen Ping, he wanted to kill me, in the middle of that trial tower, I exploded all my essence blood to save this life, he has now caught up with me!”
Mu Kui said in horror!
And as he said that, he looked backwards, his body trembling from extreme fear!
“What? Making a move on you in the Trial Tower? Who told you to go to the Trial Tower? With my token, you can enter and exit the inner sect at will, where is the need for a test?”
Elder Mu gritted his teeth and roared with rage!