Seeing this, Qi Peijia’s body was one that followed the rapid retreat, but that devil whip was as if it had eyes, constantly chasing Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia casually grabbed a devil cultivator and violently threw him out!
The two devil cultivators screamed and directly hit the whip!
Boom!
Before the two devil cultivators could react, they directly exploded in mid-air, and the blood in the sky turned into a red blood mist!
The Demon Drawing Whip was surrounded by the blood of the demon cultivators, and the aura that suppressed the demon cultivators was unexpectedly isolated!
“Demon Descent ……”
Qi Peijia roared and spat out a ball of black blood from his mouth!
This mass of black blood followed the roiling blood mist and mixed together, and surprisingly began to expand rapidly!
Along with the constant distortion of the black blood, it turned out to be as if it had come to life, turning into a humanoid demon with a hideous face!
As soon as the humanoid demon appeared, it hissed and reached out to grab Chen Ping’s Demon Whip!
The aura on the Demon Drawing Whip was surprisingly unable to restrain this illusory demon!
This demon was illusory, Chen Ping’s Demon Drawing Whip had no way to attack the demon’s divine sense, after all, this guy had no divine sense!
The demon gently swung, Chen Ping, along with the Demon Drawing Whip, was directly thrown away, and then smashed heavily on the ground!
Chen Ping had just climbed to his feet when the demon unexpectedly rushed over again and slapped his palm towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping swung his Demon Whip, and this time, the Demon Whip had a fire on it, and a fierce flame was burning!
The whip fiercely struck the demon’s wrist, and the fire instantly surrounded the demon!
When Qi Peijia saw this, he laughed coldly “Demonic fire, do you think you can hurt my demon with this?”
Sure enough, as Qi Pei Jia’s words fell, the demon with flames on its body still slapped down with a palm!
Chen Ping’s body backed up sharply, followed by a roll that managed to dodge the strike, appearing to be in great distress!
With a wave of Qi Peijia’s hand, the demon instantly turned into a pool of black blood and disappeared!
“Kid, I am more and more curious about you, I didn’t realise that you have so many treasures on you, what other treasures are there, take them out together, let me see them ……”
Qi Peijia was so playful that he actually didn’t want to kill Chen Ping right away!
He wanted to see what other treasures Chen Ping had not cast.
Chen Ping slowly got up and put away the Demon Drawing Whip, his eyes were full of coldness as he looked at that Qi Peijia!
“It seems that I need to let you truly see my strength.”
Chen Ping’s expression was as cold as ice, and he seemed to be making some sort of decision inwardly!
“Hahaha, you cast it quickly, I do want to see your true strength.”
Qi Peijia laughed recklessly!
But soon, Qi Peijia’s smile froze on his face!
It was because he sensed an aura of danger and its danger, and then he saw that Chen Ping, at an unknown time, had an additional bow in his hand!
“This …… this is the Divine King Bow?”
Feeling that terrifying aura, a look of fear finally appeared on Qi Peijia’s face!
Chen Ping did not say anything, he was also forced to reveal the God King Bow, after all, if this kind of thing was revealed, Chen Ping would definitely become an enemy of the entire Celestial Realm!
Anyone who wanted to obtain the Divine King Bow, Chen Ping would have to be on guard against everyone at all times!
But fortunately, this was the Battlefield of the Gods and Demons, so as long as he killed everyone in front of him, then the secret that he had the God King’s Bow would not be leaked out!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with killing intent!
“God King’s Bow? My goodness, how did he have the God King’s Bow?”
“This aura is too terrifying, who exactly is he and why does he have the Divine King Bow?”
“What realm is this guy in, there’s absolutely no way he’s at the first rank of the Transition Realm.”
Everyone was stunned at the sight of the Divine King Bow!
Even Ning Caichen, who was hiding not far away, saw the Divine King Bow that Chen Ping suddenly took out in his hand, his eyes widened and his body shivered slightly “Divine King Bow, I actually saw the Divine King Bow?”