After a long while, the water suddenly clattered.
Immediately afterwards a golden light shot up from the water, only to see Chen Ping’s body explode with golden light, a sheet of golden scales covering his entire body, like a golden dragon coming out of dehydration!
Chen Ping stared at the giant crab in front of him with a wary expression, while Dong Jiahao was relieved to see that Chen Ping was not dead.
Somewhat surprisingly, Long Xiao was also relieved to see that Chen Ping was not killed by the giant crab, he did not want Chen Ping to be killed by this giant crab, he wanted to kill Chen Ping with his own hands.
When the giant crab saw Chen Ping rushing up to the sky, he followed up by slapping over with his huge pincers again.
The huge crab pincers instantly reached Chen Ping’s face.
Chen Ping shouted angrily, a golden light appeared on his body, and instead of dodging, he mobilised his whole body’s divine dragon power, followed by a fierce smash.
Everyone was shocked to see that Chen Ping dared to follow the giant crab in a hard fight!
In the room at this moment, Zhu Zhishan was staring intently at the sea through the window!
“This brat, he really doesn’t know what he’s doing, to know that the bodies of these demonic beasts, all of which are incredibly hard, are not comparable to his imperishable golden body.”
Zhu Zhishan said with a cold smile.
Boom!
With a loud bang, Chen Ping smashed his fist into the giant crab’s huge pincers, erupting into an endless aftershock that spread out in all directions!
A deep crater was blown directly out of the water surface by this huge aftershock, and the seawater was blown in all directions.
Chen Ping’s body emanated a golden light as his fists followed the giant crab’s large pincers tightly against each other.
Chen Ping’s body looked so insignificant under the giant crab’s pincers!
The giant crab kept baring its teeth as its large pincers pushed hard, crushing Chen Ping downwards.
Boom!
Chen Ping, who was in mid-air, was directly slapped into the water by the giant crab’s large pincers, this time with a column of water splashing tens of metres high.
Seeing this scene, the crowd all knew that Chen Ping was afraid that he would be in a bad way this time.
However, daring to follow such a demonic beast into a hard fight, Chen Ping’s guts still made the crowd admire him.
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
Dong Jiahao watched as Chen Ping was slapped into the water, his eyes turning scarlet as he pulled out his weapon and prepared to go forward and kill the demonic beast.
But before Dong Jiahao could make a move, he saw a golden light beneath the surface of the water, and the giant crab, which was originally floating on the water, seemed to be pulled violently by something, and its body instantly entered the water.
Through the surface of the water, the crowd was able to see that the golden light flashed up below, as if Chen Ping was still following the giant crab in a tangled fight.
Soon, the battle below the surface of the water stopped and the water slowly returned to calm.
Only Chen Ping and the giant crab were nowhere to be seen, nor were there any bodies floating up.
Just when the crowd was puzzled, a huge whirlpool suddenly appeared on the water surface, followed by Chen Ping’s seemingly skinny body, directly lifting up the huge crab of more than ten metres and rushing up to the sky.
The crab was 10,000 pounds in weight, so Chen Ping lifted it out of the water and into mid-air!
The crowd all looked at Chen Ping in mid-air in shock, only to see Chen Ping’s body start to soar as if it were expanding!
The giant crab was lifted out of the water by Chen Ping, its claws still waving and struggling.
As the crab descended, Chen Ping’s aura began to rise rapidly, then his fists clenched up and his golden fists smashed into the crab!
At this moment, Chen Ping had turned into a golden light, as if a meteor had cut towards the giant crab.
Boom!
Chen Ping’s devastating fist smashed fiercely into the giant crab’s abdomen, and then without the slightest pause, it actually penetrated directly through the giant crab’s body.
When Chen Ping rushed out of the back of the giant crab, there was already a colourful beast pellet in his hand, while the ten-thousand catty giant crab, instantly silent, smashed heavily on the surface of the water!