At first, they all thought that Wang Han Han and Chen Ping were in a man-woman relationship, no one thought that Chen Ping would follow the company chairman as a man-woman friend.
But at this moment, Wang Han Han’s head was slightly lowered and tears kept welling up in her eyes!
Chen Ping’s eyes swept past the sales department crowd, so they all lowered their heads, not daring to look Chen Ping directly in the eyes!
That Cui Zhiyuan even buried his head so low that he wanted to find a hole in the ground to burrow into!
“Cui Zhiyuan, do you think it’s appropriate for me to sit in this seat? Did you just seem to want to kick me out?”
Chen Ping looked at Cui Zhiyuan and asked with a playful expression.
Cui Zhiyuan was shaken: “Suitable, suitable, this is the position prepared for Chen Dong ……”
“But I don’t think it’s appropriate for you to sit in the position of sales manager ……”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, Cui Zhiyuan hurriedly apologized to Chen Ping with a crying face: “Chen Dong, it’s because I am a dog’s eye, it’s because I have eyes that don’t know the mountain, you can spare me this time, I have worked in the company for so many years, it’s hard to get to the manager’s position ……”
“Spare you?” Chen Ping smiled coldly: “Just now when you fired me, so you did not think of sparing me once?”
Cui Zhiyuan’s body was trembling more and more, and he couldn’t say a word!
“I declare that you, the sales manager, are fired, from today onwards, you are no longer an employee of the company ……”
Chen Ping said loudly!
“Chen Dong, don’t, don’t ……” Cui Zhiyuan shouted like crazy, and then looked at Su Yuqi: “Yuqi, say something for me, I don’t want to be fired… I don’t want to be expelled…”
Looking at Cui Zhiyuan, Su Yuqi could only bite her lip and said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, can you ……”
But before Su Yuqi finished, Chen Ping waved his hand and said, “I’ll show you something first, if you still want to plead for Cui Zhiyuan after reading it, I can promise you that ……”
Chen Ping said and turned on the slide projector in the conference room, everyone was staring at the clean white walls, wondering what exactly Chen Ping wanted to show Sun Xiaomeng!
But open to the slide projector, soon a picture of Cui Zhiyuan following other girls appeared, with some explicit chats in it, which made Sun Xiaomeng freeze at once.
Cui Zhiyuan looked at the picture of himself and was dumbfounded for a moment, followed by a mad attempt to smash the slide projector: “This is all fake, fake ……”
Chen Ping kicked Cui Zhiyuan down, and then stomped him under his feet, and the slide projector was still playing!
At the end, there was actually a picture of Cui Zhiyuan making out with Wang Lanlan, at this moment, Sun Xiaomeng almost fell to the ground as if she had received a heavy blow, fortunately Wang Hanhan was quick to help her!
Wang Lan Lan looked at the picture of herself, even if she was deep-witted, her face was still full of shame!
“Holy sh*t, this is too shameless, I always thought Wang Lan Lan and Sun Xiaomeng were good girlfriends, but I never thought Wang Lan Lan was such a shameless person!”
“No wonder Wang Lanlan has been following Sun Xiaomeng around, it turns out that she has other intentions ……”
“Bah, I hate this kind of people, shameless ……”
The crowd was all taken aback, and then they all pointed accusing fingers at Wang Lanlan!
Wang Lanlan felt the accusations of the crowd and the ranting and raving, and her whole body was about to collapse!
When it was finished, Chen Ping turned off the slide projector and looked at Sun Xiaomeng, “Do you still want to plead for this Cui Zhiyuan? I’ve said it before, this Cui Zhiyuan is not suitable for you ……”
Sun Xiaomeng stood dumbfounded for a while before anger erupted in her eyes and she quickly walked up to Wang Lanlan!
“Xiaomeng, Xiaomeng, listen to my explanation, it was that Cui Zhiyuan who seduced me, it was all him who seduced me, and he even used money to buy me ……”
Wang Lanlan put the blame desperately on Cui Zhiyuan!