Ning Zhi suddenly swung the long sword in his hand!
The sword blade slashed across the throats of the three underlings.
The three men didn’t even have the chance to make a sound before they fell straight down.
Looking at the three who were already dead, Ning Zhi wiped the blood on his sword.
“Don’t blame me, I don’t want anyone to know about this matter, so only the dead will keep the secret ……”
Ning Zhi finished speaking and rushed back to the Ning family, dragging his injured body with him!
The reason he had killed all of his family’s underlings was to put an end to the planting of Chen Ping’s story.
Apart from him, no one else would know about it.
Ning Zhi, who had returned home, didn’t stay any longer and sent someone to collect the corpses of Luo Xiang and those underlings of the Luo family, which he personally sent to the Luo family in a car.
…………
The next day, after following Gu Ling’er’s reluctant farewell, Chen Ping followed Long Wu to the Valley of the Wicked.
Xu Changsheng sent someone to follow Long Wu, because Long Wu was now an ordinary person, without any power.
When they arrived at the Valley of the Wicked, Long Wu had to rush back, and Xu Changsheng was afraid that Long Wu would be in danger.
The Valley of the Wicked, in the gap between two large mountains.
From a distance, it looked like a line of sky and was very small.
But when you walk in, you will find that there is a lot of space and there are many natural stone caves.
The environment of the Vicious Valley was much worse than the Pill God Valley, and most of the people lived within the stone caves.
Chen Ping had been walking for three days before they arrived at the boundary of the Valley of the Wicked!
On the other hand, Ning Zhi, on the other side, had already arrived at the Luo family with Luo Xiang’s corpse!
One should know that in the north of the desert, the Luo family was also one of the largest families.
As the head of the family, Luo Jinyou had even reached the strength of a Martial Marquis.
However, Luo Jin You was a martial arts nerd, and even though his strength was already invincible in this part of the Desert North, Luo Jin Right was still constantly cultivating.
He was in seclusion all year round, so it was not easy for Luo Xiang to see his father even once.
And the large and small affairs of the Luo family were handed over to Luo Jinzuo, Luo Jinright’s younger brother, to take care of.
“Second Master, there is someone outside the door asking for an audience!”
At this moment, the Luo family’s butler walked into the hall and said to Luo Jinzuo.
“What kind of person?” Luo Jinzo asked, looking impatiently at the butler.
“He said it was Ning Zhi from the Ning family in Kyoto, sending the young master back.”
The butler said hurriedly.
Upon hearing this, Luo Jinzuo hurriedly got up, and then said in an exasperated voice, “This Luo Xiang, he is running around all day, and he can’t even see anyone all day.”
“This time, after going out for so many days, my big brother has been out of customs for two days and I haven’t even been able to see him!”
“I have to teach him a good lesson this time.”
Luo Jinzuo followed the butler and hurriedly walked out.
When Luo Jinzuo had just walked out, he saw a lot of people surrounding the front of the car.
“Get out of the way, get out of the way, the second master is here ……”
The butler yelled loudly, and the crowd hurriedly made way.
At that moment, Ning Zhi got down from the car and greeted Luo Jinzuo.
“Second Master, this is Ning Zhi of that Kyoto Ning family ……”
The butler said to Luo Jinzuo.
Luo Jinzuo extended his hand and shook it after Ning Zhi, then asked, “Duke Ning, where is that Luo Xiang? Tell him to get his a*s down here.”
After hearing this, Ning Zhi’s eyes suddenly turned red and tears flowed down his face.
“Uncle Luo, it’s my fault, I failed to protect Duke Luo ……”
With this sudden statement, Ning Zhi instantly caused Luo Jinzuo to freeze on the spot.
Immediately afterwards, Luo Jinzuo jerked open the car door and saw Luo Xiang, who had long been lifeless, lying on the back seat.
“Nephew …………”
Seeing the dead Luo Xiang, Luo Jinzuo yelled out and suddenly blacked out and fainted.
“Second Master ……”
The steward hastily carried Luo Jinzuo into the room.
And the bodies of Luo Xiang and those underlings of the Luo family were also carried in together.
It was a while before Luo Jinzuo woke up, and when he saw Luo Xiang’s corpse laid out in the hall, he began to cry out in pain.