After knowing again that Isha was fine, both Ikh and Chen Ping were in a great mood!
The group moved faster!
Just a short distance from Jialing County, Chen Ping and the others came across a group of people!
The group was uniformly dressed, and the leader was a lean old man1
It looked like this group was also heading towards Jialing County!
“Third Elder, this group of people, do you know any of them?”
Chen Ping asked to the Third Elder!
If these people were also attending the Pill Master Meeting, then Third Elder must know them, after all, they were all Pill Masters and should have met!
The Third Elder took a look at the crowd, then shook his head and said “I don’t know them, they don’t look like pill masters!”
“Does Mr. Chen see something?”
Chen Ping smiled and shook his head.
Chen Ping did not see anything wrong with this group of people, except that the aura on this group of people, Chen Ping always felt that it followed the normal cultivators differently!
But what exactly was different, Chen Ping couldn’t tell, that’s why he asked the Third Elder about it!
When the group saw Chen Ping and the others, they couldn’t help but look at them twice, and then walked past Chen Ping and the others!
Just as this group of people passed by Chen Ping and the others, one of them, kept looking at Chen Ping and the others, and there seemed to be a few pleading glances in his eyes!
When Chen Ping still wanted to take a closer look at that person, this group of people had already left quickly, seemingly with the intention of following Chen Ping and pulling away from them, so this group of people walked very fast!
Chen Ping frowned slightly as he looked closely at the disappearing group of people!
“Chen Ping, what’s wrong? Is there anything different about that group?”
Liu Ruyan saw that expression on Chen Ping’s face and asked!
“I always feel that within that group of people, there is someone who seems to be asking us for help!”
Chen Ping said!
“Begging for help?” Liu Ruyan froze, then said “These people are obviously from a gang, how could someone ask for help from us, I guess you are mistaken?”
“It’s possible ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
After walking for a while, a few people started to sit down and rest down, anyway, Jialing County wasn’t far away, so there was no need to rush!
While they were resting, Chen Ping disappeared with a few leaps and bounds!
Chen Ping couldn’t forget the look in that man’s eyes, it was clearly a plea for help!
Moreover, the aura of these people made Chen Ping a bit puzzled!
It didn’t take long for Chen Ping to catch up with the gang, who were also resting under a big tree at that moment!
Chen Ping searched the crowd for the man who had asked for help, but after looking around, he could not find him at all!
Just as Chen Ping was wondering, he felt that someone was talking not far to his left, so he quietly sneaked over!
Soon, Chen Ping found that the man who had asked for help was with the lean old man who was leading the group!
In front of them, there was a furnace, with white smoke coming out of the furnace, obviously making pills!
“These guys, why are they refining pills here?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, not understanding how these people were refining pills in this place where there was no village in front of them and no shop behind them!
Just when Chen Ping wanted to smell what kind of pills were being refined within this furnace censer by virtue of his olfactory scent, the lean old man suddenly looked this way with a cold gaze!
Chen Ping was startled, he had already hidden his breath, but he didn’t expect to be detected by the other party!
Chen Ping turned to leave, but he heard the lean old man say “Who is it? Since you are here, don’t be sneaky ……”
Chen Ping heard this, so he got up and walked out!
When he saw Chen Ping, the man who asked for help obviously froze for a moment!
“Kid, what are you doing sneaking around?”
The lean old man looked at Chen Ping and asked with a grim expression!