“If you don’t want to die, get lost quickly, I want to deal with only Chen Ping, I don’t want to kill you ……”
Ning Zhi didn’t want to follow Hu Pocky and the others into action!
Hu Ma Zi and Jiang Wei glanced at Chen Ping , then the two looked at each other and seemed to have made up their minds!
Suddenly, Jiang Wei drew out the Immortal Binding Rope and followed it up with a vicious whip!
The Immortal Binding Rope was a Martial Saint Weapon, so its power was naturally extraordinary!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi’s body leapt up, while the four black and gold robes behind him instantly bullied him!
One of the Black Gold Robes grabbed Jiang Wei’s Immortal Binding Rope straight away, and then slashed down with a hand slash, breaking the rope with a sound!
Jiang Wei froze when he saw how easily the immortal binding rope was cut off!
While Jiang Wei was in a daze, the black and gold robe struck Jiang Wei’s body with a fierce punch, and Jiang Wei’s body was instantly knocked hundreds of metres away like a kite with a broken string!
The two men were not even on the same level of competition, there was a world of difference between a Martial Lord and a Martial Saint.
Even if Jiang Wei had a Martial Saint weapon in his hand, his real strength might not necessarily reach the level of a Martial Saint!
That was why he was easily cut off by his opponent’s binding immortal rope and then sent flying!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi knew that even with his own strength, he could not stop the other side, but they could not just let these people do anything to Chen Ping, so he took out a handful of talismans, bit the tip of his tongue, and sprayed a mouthful of blood on top of the talismans!
These incantations instantly rose into a blazing flame, which then transformed into a ten-metre tall fireman, lunging towards the hurried black and gold robe!
The roaring flames directly caused the surrounding temperature to instantly rise, the scorching of the flames made people gasp for air!
But the four black and gold robes seemed undaunted as they all threw a united punch!
The ten-metre tall fireman was shattered in an instant, scattering flames all over the place and setting the surrounding trees ablaze!
The terrifying force that shattered the fireman did not disappear, but penetrated the fireman’s body and slammed heavily into the body of Hu Ma Zi!
Hu Ma Zi’s body flew out instantly and then fell to the ground!
At that moment, Hu Ma Zi’s face turned pale and blood gushed out of his mouth.
If it wasn’t for this life-saving talisman, with that power just now, Hu Ma Zi would have already died.
Zheng An Guo, holding Zheng Kai, looked at the scene before him and did not dare to move!
He knew that even if he were to make a move, it would be useless.
Faced with an opponent of disparate strength, there was no choice but to resign oneself to fate!
The Great Martial Marquis followed the Martial Saint, and that was an unbridgeable gap!
Not to mention the fact that there were four Martial Saints on the other side, such strength, not to mention his Zheng Family of South Lake City, even if it was the entire Grand Xia, which family could resist.
“Hmph, just by you guys, you also want to stop it? It’s simply a joke ……”
Ning Zhi looked at the injured Hu Pocky and the others and sneered.
“Cut the crap and do it quickly, that Chen Ping is about to break through ……”
The Demon Amba*sador inside Ning Zhi urged.
Ning Zhi nodded, then together with the four black and gold robes, they arrived in front of Chen Ping and were about to make a move on him.
But when several of them pressed their hands on Chen Ping’s body, intending to suck the spiritual energy from Chen Ping’s body, there was a sudden buzz!
A strange power began to permeate Chen Ping’s body, which seemed to possess a huge suction force, instantly sucking the spiritual energy from several people’s bodies, in a rapid manner!
“What …… is going on here?”
Ning Zhi instantly panicked as he felt the breath within his own body draining away at a rapid rate, instead of sucking Chen Ping’s spiritual power!
“It’s bad, it’s bad ……”
The four Black Gold Robes all panicked as well, knowing that they were all Martial Saints, but even so, there was no way for them to stop the Qi within their bodies from flowing rapidly towards Chen Ping’s body!