After all, this night, Chen Ping had solved it all with a single sword, never dragging his feet, making Crazy Immortal think that the other cities in Fei Hu City were all rubbish in terms of strength.
“Don’t be careless, let’s go!”
Chen Ping said, and the four of them continued on their way.
But soon, another city stopped in front of them, but this one was obviously much larger, although not as large as the main city, it could be bigger than the others.
Most notably, the gates of this city were tightly closed, surrounded by a greyish-brown mist, making it impossible to see the city gates.
The entire city was shrouded by this mist, and even if Chen Ping flew into mid-air, it was difficult for him to see the scene in the city!
Chen Ping tried to probe a little with his divine sense and found that this fog even had the ability to block divine sense, it was obvious that someone was doing this on purpose, in order to not let people know about the sights in the city, and purposely cover it up in general.
“It’s really strange, how come such a big city seems like no one exists, the slightest breath can’t be detected.”
Crazy Immortal looked at the city that appeared in front of him and said with a slight frown.
“This is someone deliberately masking the aura of the city, it seems that this city, in the entire Fei Hu City, is considered to be more important.”
“To pass through this city, I’m afraid it won’t be as easy as it was to begin with.”
Bai Yi’s face was gloomy as he said.
“This city is surrounded by mist, it can’t be seen at all, we can’t just fly straight through.”
“If we can’t detect the people in the city, then the people in the city must not be able to detect us either.”
Crazy Fairy said.
“Can’t get through, this mist is formed by a huge formation, even if we fly over from above, we will still be detected just the same.”
“Now we can only take one step at a time, first break the great formation of this city for him, otherwise we are very passive.”
Chen Ping decided to break the great formation of this city in front of him first, otherwise they would not know the situation in the city while the other party knew them like the back of their hand.
It would be very passive in that case.
Chen Ping they came to the bottom of the city, there was surprisingly not a single guard at the entrance of the city, it looked like it really wanted to die a dead city, but Chen Ping knew that it was impossible for a dead city to exist in the entire territory of Fei Hu City.
Chen Ping looked at the tall city gates in front of him, slowly his eyes glowed with a faint red light.
This was Chen Ping opening the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, with such a huge formation, Chen Ping was afraid that it would take a long time to break the formation if he followed the rules.
And it might not necessarily be able to break it, so now Chen Ping was going to use the Heavenly Underworld Eyes and try to take a look at the formation.
Buzz!
Along with the Heavenly Underworld Eyes opening, the vision in front of Chen Ping’s eyes changed drastically.
With the Heavenly Underworld Eyes opened, the original greyish-brown mist slowly and surprisingly disappeared in Chen Ping’s eyes, and along with the Heavenly Underworld Eyes going deeper and deeper, Chen Ping’s field of vision surprisingly penetrated through the city gates as well, and entered the city!
Although this formation isolated the breath and could not be probed with divine sense, there was no way to stop the Heavenly Underworld Eyes.
Chen Ping looked over and found that in the entire city, there was not a single person to be seen at all, but rather all of them were armour-clad war soldiers.
There were countless war soldiers, arranged in pairs, some training, some patrolling.
Chen Ping finally understood at this moment that this different looking city in front of him was not a city at all, it should be considered a huge barracks of Fei Hu City.
Those armour-clad war soldiers were all trained in this place and then transported to the various cities!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s heart had tensed up, running around, he had actually run to the most dangerous place to come.
Putting away the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Bai Yi whispered, “Sage son-in-law, how is it, can we break the spell formation in this city?”
“It’s not going to be broken, let’s just go elsewhere!”
Chen Ping said, turned around and left!
“Big brother, what are you doing? Could it be that you’re scared?”
Mad Immortal was puzzled as he caught up with Chen Ping.