When the crowd on the volcano crater saw Kuroki Kawasaki make his move, all of them widened their eyes, fearing that they would miss a single moment of the exciting battle!
Hoo ……
A whistling strong wind came towards Chen Ping!
The huge wind roared like a gale, and in an instant it had reached Chen Ping’s eyes!
Under the strong wind of this palm, even the spurting lava was swept up, giving off a burst of hot flames!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s right hand formed a fist, flashing with golden light!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
A fist was swung out, and the thick spiritual energy instantly coalesced into a huge fist, ruthlessly heading towards Kuroki Kawasaki’s palm wind!
Rumble …………
The fist and the palm wind clashed fiercely together, and a sound like explosive thunder rang out, the crater of the volcano formed a natural loudspeaker, the sound spread out towards the sky!
The sound was so loud that all the people standing on the crater couldn’t help but cover their ears, and the whole island could almost hear the deafening sound at that moment!
The huge residual energy then rushed in all directions, before being blocked by the walls of the volcano and then rushing upwards!
Before the people on the crater could react, they were all knocked out by the force and fell from the crater, killing and injuring many!
Even Kazuo Kawaguchi fell and hit the ground hard!
One must know that those who were able to stand on the crater of the volcano were the most powerful wave of people in the island’s martial arts world.
But the aftermath of Chen Ping and Kuroki Kawasaki’s fight had directly killed and injured these people!
It was evident how much power the exchange between Chen Ping and Kuroki Kawasaki contained!
The lava that had been spurting and flowing inside the crater was also blown out of the crater by the after-effects of the fight and fell from the sky in droves!
Many people were scalded by the lava and howled, and the outside of the crater was like a purgatory!
But Chen Ping and Kuroki Kawasaki were looking at each other after the exchange of blows!
Kuroki Kawasaki’s face began to look a little heavy!
His right arm was trembling slightly!
The first time he had fought, Kuroki Kawasaki had felt the endless power within Chen Ping!
It only took one move for a master to win or lose!
Kuroki Kawasaki’s pupils began to shrink, his cultivation of over a hundred years had made him doubt himself at this moment!
Even if Chen Ping had cultivated from his mother’s womb, he shouldn’t have such a huge amount of powerful qi!
Although Kuroki Kawasaki was shocked, he did not feel the slightest bit of fear!
Even if Chen Ping’s energy was huge, there would be a time when it would be depleted!
But as long as he was in the crater of the volcano, he could continuously absorb the heat of the magma under the earth!
In other words, he could have a constant input of power, whereas Chen Ping did not!
That was his advantage!
“Kid, let me see just how much power you are able to store within your body ……”
After saying that, Kuroki Kawasaki let out a roar and struck out towards Chen Ping once again.
Slashing his palm as a blade, he ruthlessly slashed out towards Chen Ping!
This time, the energy was so condensed that it instantly cut through the void, emitting an ear-piercing and sharp sound of breaking air!
Seeing this, Chen Ping crossed his fingers into a sword, a golden light flashed, and huge spiritual energy instantly shot out from Chen Ping’s fingers, which then solidified into a long sword and also cut out!
Although the two did not use weapons, they turned their qi into swords and competed!
Clang …………
Even though they had condensed into weapons, they also clashed with the same crisp metal-like sound!
Immediately afterwards, Kuroki Kawasaki’s overbearing blade was instantly cut off from it by Chen Ping’s sword aura, and the terrifying sword qi did not stop there, it chopped directly at Kuroki Kawasaki’s chest!
Kuroki Kawasaki frowned and could only retreat his body backwards to avoid that sword qi, but at that moment he retreated, in the eyes of the others, it was considered a defeated move!