No matter what he did, there was no way for him to defeat Chen Ping, and now he finally realised that he was not a match for Chen Ping at all, and Chen Ping had not put him in his eyes since the beginning!
As for screaming miserably in that to fire, it was just teasing him!
Right now, Liu Sh*tong hadn’t realised that Chen Ping had already absorbed the Violet Flame Sect’s top secret Supreme Flame!
“Do you think I can become an inner disciple with this strength?”
Chen Ping asked Liu Sh*tong!
“Can, definitely can, I lost, you’re already an inner disciple now!”
Liu Sh*tong nodded his head desperately!
At this moment, Liu Sh*tong’s eyes were filled with fear!
“Since I won, shouldn’t our bet be honoured?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Bet …… bet, what bet?”
Liu Sh*tong played dumb and said!
He didn’t want to call out Chen Ping’s big brother in front of so many people, then he would be too faceless!
How would the disciples of this lineage look at him in the future?
Chen Ping frowned and did not say anything, instead, he pinched Liu Sh*tong’s neck, his hand slightly exerted force, Liu Sh*tong immediately felt like his entire body was going to die!
“I know, I know ……”
Liu Sh*tong hurriedly begged for mercy, “Don’t kill me, don’t kill me ……”
He was really afraid that Chen Ping was rash and killed himself!
Chen Ping let go of Liu Sh*tong and said with a faint smile, “Shout ……”
“Big brother ……”
Liu Sh*tong softly shouted!
“Can’t hear you, the voice is too low ……”
Chen Ping shook his head!
“Big brother ……”
Liu Sh*tong increased the volume, but it was only enough for Chen Ping to hear!
Chen Ping frowned once again, a sharp gaze in his eyes!
Liu Sh*tong shivered and immediately shouted, “Big brother, big brother, big brother …………”
Liu Sh*tong’s voice was loud, so loud that the entire Purple Flame Sect had to hear it!
Wei Qing and the others heard Liu Sh*tong shouting Big Brother Chen Ping, and each of them laughed maniacally, feeling that they had released a mouthful of bad anger!
On the other hand, Lu San and the others had ugly faces, worse than eating sh*t!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, laughed and looked towards the referee’s table with a calm and relaxed expression, “Referee Elder, is it time to rule?”
Only then did the Referee Elder react, shutting the formation down and leaping to the martial arts platform!
“The match is over, outer disciple Cheng Ping wins and obtains the inner disciple qualification!”
The referee elder announced!
“Good, junior disciple is awesome!”
“Junior Brother is awesome, Senior Sister loves you to death.”
“Senior Brother YYDS ……”
The disciples of the Old Sect Master’s lineage all cheered and rushed onto the martial arts stage, directly lifting Chen Ping up and throwing him high into the air!
Lu San and his men then helped Liu Sh*tong off the martial arts stage!
Liu Sh*tong’s face was ugly and his breath was unstable, it looked like he would have to recuperate for a long time!
Just as Chen Ping and Liu Sh*tong finished their match, in the Purple Flame Sect’s council chamber, almost all of the principal elders were present, and sitting on top of the main seat was the newly appointed Sect Master, Huo Yuanting.
This time, the deliberations in the council hall were also due to the matter of that Qian Xiu’s master, Elder Hu, who had previously been at odds with Huo Yuan Ting!
After Huo Yuan Ting became the Sect Master, Elder Hu was just not convinced, so much so that he was punished by Huo Yuan Ting with the Sect’s rules!
In order to discover in the event of the following offence and disobedience, Huo Yuan Ting had called these elders to deliberate!
What’s more, Huo Yuan Ting wants to reform the recruitment conditions of the Purple Flame Sect’s disciples!
In fact, in the final analysis, Huo Yuan Ting wants the disciples who enter the inner sect in the future to become part of his Huo Yuan Ting’s lineage!
Slowly weakening the old Sect Master’s lineage, when the time is ripe, the entire Purple Flame Sect will be dominated by him, Huo Yuan Ting!
“Sect Master Huo, Elder Hu committed a crime, but did not do anything too out of the ordinary, you can just punish him for a few years, but now you’re locking him up for thirty years, isn’t that too heavy of a punishment?”
A white-bearded elder got up and looked at Huo Yuanting and said!
“Not bad, Old Hu directly imprisoning him for thirty years, I also think it’s too heavy!”
Elder Yu rose and was also calling for that Elder Hu!