Looking at this scene, the surprised Lin Tianhu all brought the car to a direct stop, while Su Yuqi was also wide-eyed, her eyes full of incredulity!
“Help me, help me …………”
The four people in the car, at this moment only the middle-aged man in the pa*senger side still had a breath and was constantly calling for help!
His legs were stuck in the seat and he couldn’t move at all, looking at the gasoline that kept flowing out, this middle-aged man was scared!
Chen Ping walked over towards the middle-aged man and lit a cigarette!
Seeing this scene, the middle-aged man’s pupils dilated sharply, his eyes filled with panic, he understood what this cigarette from Chen Ping meant!
“Spare my life, spare my life …………”
The middle-aged man followed Chen Ping with a bloodied face, begging for mercy!
Chen Ping slowly squatted down and looked at the middle-aged man in front of him with an indifferent face, “Who sent you?”
The middle-aged man froze, a hint of hesitation in his eyes, he didn’t dare to betray Wei Kunan because his family was still in the provincial capital!
Seeing the middle-aged man’s hesitation, Chen Ping did not say anything, but simply got up and left!
Looking at Chen Ping’s back, the middle-aged man clenched his teeth: “We are all Wei family members, it was Mr. Wei who told us to do this, I was also forced to do so, please let me go, let me go ………… ”
The middle-aged man shouted at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping stopped, his face did not have any expression fluctuation, because this is all within his expected things, he had already guessed that it was Wei Kunan who did it!
After a few seconds’ pause, Chen Ping walked forward again, the cigarette butt in his hand casually thrown backwards!
The burning cigarette butt touched the petrol on the ground and instantly burst into flames!
The middle-aged man’s mournful hissing sound came out, sounding very ominous!
Chen Ping listened to the harsh hissing without a ripple in his heart, now he had slowly become bloodthirsty, and he knew that treating his enemies with mercy was cruelty to himself!
Boom …………
There was a violent explosion, the car instantly turned into pieces, and several of the a*sa*sins sent by the Wei family were directly left without bones!
“Drive!”
Chen Ping got into the car and said indifferently to Lin Tianhu.
Lin Tianhu started the car and headed towards Yuncheng here, while Su Yuqi looked straight at Chen Ping with a bit of fear on her face!
At this moment, Chen Ping had already put away his killing intent, and when he saw Su Yuqi staring at him, he smiled slightly and said, “Do I have flowers on my face? Look at me like that!”
“Chen Ping, did …… you just get possessed by something, how could you knock the car away?”
Although Su Yuqi knew that Chen Ping had some skills, but to be able to punch a moving car, this was a bit beyond her cognitive scope.
“Up my a*s, your husband I am that godly, when the two of us get married, then you will know!”
Chen Ping said with a heated smile towards Su Yuqi!
Su Yuqi blushed and glared at Chen Ping, “Shame on you, who said anything about getting married to you!”
A few hours later, the car entered Yuncheng, just entering Yuncheng, one could smell the strong smell of herbs, on both sides of the road a large number of herbs were drying, probably because the people around were used to it and did not react, but Su Yuqi covered her nose.
“What is this smell, it’s really bad ……”
“This is the smell of drying herbs, this stuff can strengthen your body if you smell it too much!” Chen Ping explained, unable to help but sigh that Yuncheng really lives up to its name, the name of medicine capital is truly deserved!
Almost every household in Yuncheng grows medicinal herbs, and since it is close to the Taihang Mountains, there are a lot of herb pickers who go to the mountains all day long to collect herbs for a living!
No matter how rare the herbs are, as long as you have the money, there is nothing you can’t buy in Yuncheng, and there are Chinese medicine shops lining the streets of Yuncheng, one after the other, almost every one of them has a treasure in town!
“Lin Tianhu, first find a repair shop and have the car simply repaired, it’s too conspicuous on the road like this!”
The car’s rear bumper had fallen off and was dragging along on the ground, Chen Ping felt that it would draw too much attention, so he planned to simply fix it before leaving!