Chen Ping and his group made their way towards the nearby stage.
With the crowd so dense, they struggled to squeeze through.
“Are the immortals of the Heavenly Realm this fond of gawking too?” Chen Ping remarked helplessly after pushing his way in.
They’d reached the Heavenly Realm, yet instead of cultivating diligently, they were crowding the streets to watch a spectacle!
Wasn’t that something mortals did?
“Immortals are human too, with emotions and desires. Don’t believe that nonsense from the mortal world about needing to sever all emotions to become an immortal!” Hu Mazi said to Chen Ping.
“That’s all hogwash to fool mortals. Plenty of immortals have children!”
“Immortals aren’t much different from mortals. Sometimes, they’re even more eager to show off and join the fuss!”
Chen Ping thought about it and agreed. Otherwise, immortals like Nan Batian and Li Chunfeng wouldn’t have been sneaking peeks at young women bathing!
To put it plainly, they had desires. If you truly cut off all emotions and desires, what was the point of living?
What was the point of cultivating?
The whole reason for cultivating and growing stronger was to gain greater satisfaction.
“Don’t push, don’t push! These are high-quality goods today. Only if the price meets my expectations can you take them!” a giant of a man, over three metres tall, bellowed from the stage.
Next to him was a large iron cage, covered with a black cloth, concealing its contents.
“There are people inside the cage, women,” Chen Ping said, glancing at it.
“Friend Chen, how do you know? That black cloth clearly blocks divine sense. I couldn’t probe it with mine!” Xiu Rui asked, puzzled.
“I heard it. I heard the sound of a girl crying inside the cage,” Chen Ping replied.
Xiu Rui strained his ears to listen, but the scene was too noisy, and he couldn’t hear a thing.
“It’s definitely a woman crying,” Hu Mazi chimed in.
Hu Mazi had heard it too. Xiu Rui’s face flushed with embarrassment, as he was the only one who hadn’t, clearly a sign of his inferior strength.
“Big guy, what’s the high-quality stuff today? Why so secretive?” someone shouted.
“Yeah, what kind of treasure is it? Let us see!”
“Don’t be like last time, with goods that died in a couple of days.”
The crowd below clamoured.
It seemed this giant wasn’t new to setting up shop here.
“Don’t worry, this time it’s definitely top-notch. I risked my life to get this,” the giant said confidently.
“Name a price!” someone yelled.
“Five hundred immortal coins to start…” the giant said, holding up his hand.
“Five hundred immortal coins? Have you lost your mind? What kind of joke is this?”
“Five hundred? What kind of premium goods are these?”
“I slaved away for a month to earn resources, only to exchange them for a few dozen immortal coins at the Treasure Pavilion, and you’re asking for five hundred right off the bat?”
The crowd grumbled, many turning to leave.
The price was beyond their means, and they didn’t even bother to see what it was!
The giant remained unfazed, deliberately teasing, “These premium goods are absolutely worth five hundred immortal coins…”
“Bloody hell, stop beating around the bush! Show us what it is!”
“Keep acting high and mighty, and we’ll all leave. We won’t come back!”
“Let’s go, let him show off to himself!”
The crowd’s dissatisfaction grew, annoyed by his suspense.
“Don’t go, don’t go! I’ll show you!” the giant said, starting to panic, and pulled off the black cloth.
As the cloth came off, the cage revealed two girls inside, both strikingly beautiful with snow-white skin.