“I wonder if Family Master Ye has brought my brother and nephew to the Ye Family?”
“I hope that Family Master Ye can let them go, now that our Sheng Family has agreed to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, it’s impossible for my brother to make any waves.”
Sheng Tiantai said to Ye Liancheng in a supplicating tone!
“Your brother and the others were indeed brought by me, but don’t worry, I won’t harm your brother, I just asked him to do a favour.”
“When the matter is done, I will naturally release your brother back, don’t worry about that.”
Ye Liancheng said!
Once Sheng Tiantai heard this, he didn’t know how the back dared to be, so he stole a glance at Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only open his mouth and said “Ye family master, since this is the case, I wonder if we can meet our family master, in addition if we can help, we can also be of service.”
Chen Ping’s attitude was so humble that Ye Liancheng did not notice anything strange!
“Your words remind me, of course you guys are able to help, I will take you there.”
Ye Liancheng’s eyes lit up as he hurriedly got up and led Sheng Tiantai and Chen Ping out of the living room!
Chen Ping followed Sheng Tiantai and looked at each other, they also did not expect that this Ye Liancheng would let them go to see Sheng Bushi so painfully!
Ye Liancheng brought them all the way towards the backyard of the Ye Family to traverse, not knowing how long they had been walking, Chen Ping seemed to have felt a burst of special aura fluctuations!
Only that Chen Ping did not dare to show too much dissimilarity, after all, his current identity was the Sheng Family’s Second Elder!
Ye Liancheng brought Chen Ping and Sheng Tiantai all the way to the front of the sacred pool!
Only to see that Sheng Bushi sitting on a large rock, his eyes slightly closed, seemingly cultivating!
“Big brother …………”
When Sheng Tian Tai saw Sheng Bushi, he cried out urgently and was about to rush over!
However, he was gently pulled by Chen Ping on the side, and only then did Sheng Tian Tai not rush over!
“Second Master Sheng, your elder brother is helping me break the formation right now, this is our Ye family’s sacred pool, but the sacred pool is protected by a formation around it, and because of the age, we forgot the method to open the formation, so we can only forcefully break it.”
Ye Liancheng explained after Sheng Tiantai!
However, this explanation was shown to be very far-fetched, it was obvious that this was not something that belonged to the Ye family, it was just something that the Ye family had hijacked, so of course the formation could not be opened!
“Ye family master, this aspect of breaking formations is really my Sheng family’s strong point.”
Sheng Tiantai nodded his head and said!
As for Chen Ping, who was on the side, he was gazing at the holy pool, the dark green liquid, the water surface was even as smooth as a mirror, because of the isolation of the formation, Chen Ping wasn’t able to detect it
“Second Master Sheng, it’s just as well that you guys also join with your big brother to help me break the formation, as long as this formation breaks open, I will naturally not be able to spare your benefits.”
Ye Liancheng knew that if there was one more person to break the formation, then the speed of breaking the formation would be faster!
Sheng Tiantai glanced at Chen Ping, he didn’t know whether to agree to Ye Liancheng or not!
“Ye family master, now that we are family, of course we have to help if you have something.”
“Moreover, I see that this formation is very huge, just our family master alone to break the formation, I’m afraid it will take a lot of time, if we help together, it should be much faster.”
Chen Ping’s words were tantamount to promising Ye Liancheng!
“Yes, together, we will definitely get twice the result with half the effort, but after the formation is broken, I still hope that Ye Family Head will let my big brother go back ah.”
Sheng Tian Tai said!
“Hahaha, that’s natural, not only will I let Sheng family master go back, but I will also prepare a generous gift for you guys.”
Ye Liancheng laughed out loud!
Seeing that Ye Liancheng promised to let Sheng Bushi go back, Sheng Tiantai’s heart also relaxed quite a lot, if this Ye Liancheng really made a move on Sheng Bushi, Sheng Tiantai was afraid that he himself would not be able to forgive himself!
After all, he didn’t want his brother to get into trouble.