“Miss, I remember that you didn’t like soaking in the hot spring so much before, why do you suddenly like to come now? Are you still thinking of that Chen Ping? Just give up your heart, how could that Chen Ping come here.”
Qiu Ju said with a playful look on her face.
“Sister Qiu Ju, don’t talk nonsense, I just like to take a bath now, what do I think about Chen Ping ah ……”
Han Qing’er did not admit it, but feeling the temperature inside the hot spring, Han Qing’er’s heart had already flown away to the time when she and Chen Ping first met!
Seeing that Han Qing’er was lost in thought, Qiu Ju giggled!
Qiu Ju’s laughter brought Han Qing’er back to reality, and then said, “Sister Qiu Ju, can I discuss something with you?”
“What is it? To get out of the secret realm, the matter of going to the secular world is exempted.”
Qiu Ju said.
“You …… promise me for once, I overheard my father say that that what Penglai Island is going to recover its spiritual energy, we can go to Penglai Island to play!”
Han Qing’er pouted and said to Qiu Ju.
“Forget it, the master has given the word, anyone who dares to take you to the secular world will be chopped off directly, there is no room for negotiation, do you want the master to chop off my head?”
Qiu Ju asked as she looked at Han Qing’er.
Han Qing’er pouted her lips and shook her head ……
At the same time, within the Remnant Moon Fort, which was not far from the Purple Sky Mansion, a meeting was likewise taking place!
The two families were close to each other, so they had a good relationship.
The two families were interested in bringing the two together, so that their marriage would strengthen their power in the secret realm.
But now they are facing a revival of spiritual energy, if the spiritual energy does fully recover, by then this cage-like secret realm will have no advantage left, many people from clans and families will choose to leave the secret realm!
And Fort Remnant Moon was no exception, they were meeting this time to discuss the matter of Penglai Island too!
“Fort Master, the spokesperson family of the Violet Sky Mansion in the secular realm has already arrived at Penglai Island, and there are other clans and lineages that have all sent people there as well.”
“As for the other clans in the secret realm, they have definitely sent people there as well, and now that Penglai Island is probably overcrowded.”
A high ranking official said to Lu Buwei, the Fortress Master of the Ruined Moon Fort.
“It’s a bloody battle before this aura has recovered, if the aura recovers, I’m afraid the whole world will be reshuffled then.”
“Now every family is trying to seize the opportunity, it’s just a pity that our Ruined Moon Fort’s spokes family in the secular world is a waste, now there’s only one Grand Martial Marquis, what’s the point of that ……”
Lu Bu Wei said angrily.
The Remnant Moon Fort had also cultivated an endorsing family in the secular world, only this family was indisputably too low in strength, and with such strength, sending it to Penglai Island would be nothing but cannon fodder!
“Dad, or else I’ll bring someone to Penglai Island, we can’t just stand by and watch another clan and family take over Penglai Island.”
“And since Penglai Island became the first place to recover its spiritual energy, I believe there must be unknown secrets that exist on the island.”
Factory Lu stood out, intending to leave the secret realm and go to Penglai Island himself.
“How can this be, if you go out of the secret realm, if you stay in the secular world for a long time, it will cause your strength to stagnate or even decline, you should know that the laws of heaven and earth outside have restrictions on us.”
Lu Bu Wei shook his head, he didn’t want his son to risk his life!
“Dad, I can take the Solid Spirit Pill, as long as I fix my strength, it’s just that I won’t be able to improve my strength when I go out, but I won’t regress either.”
“If we can take over Penglai Island and find the secret of the revival of spiritual energy on Penglai Island, it would be a great opportunity for us at Ruined Moon Fort.”
Lv Factory spoke persuasively to Lu Bu Wei!
It looked like Lv Factory had long thought of leaving the secret realm and heading to Penglai Island.