“Chen Ping?” Gu Ling’er faintly stared, then said with surprise, “He’s your boyfriend?”
“Ah, what’s wrong?” Looking at Gu Ling’er with that look, Su Yuqi was puzzled.
“Ling’er, this is Mr. Chen, you called me and asked about Mr. Chen, now you’ve met him!”
Just then, Gu Wentian walked over and said with a smile on his face.
“Grandpa, why didn’t you tell me then that this Chen Ping was Yu Qi’s boyfriend?”
Gu Ling’er frowned slightly and seemed to say with a few complaints.
“You didn’t ask either, besides grandpa didn’t know if Miss Su and Mr. Chen had established a relationship, so he couldn’t give a messy chew.” Gu Wentian looked helpless, then asked curiously, “How did you get to know Miss Su?”
“Grandpa, Yu Qi and I went to university together, so of course we know each other!” Gu Ling’er replied.
At this moment, Su Yuqi looked at Gu Ling’er with a shocked face, “Ling’er, ancient is actually your grandfather? How come I never heard you mention it when I was at school?”
Gu Wentian used to be an official in the provincial capital, so anyone who had a grandfather like that would have to brag about it at school, but Su Yuqi had never heard Gu Ling’er mention it!
“I don’t want others to know my background, besides I just want to make something out of my own efforts, I don’t want to rely on my family’s connections and help!”
Gu Ling’er explained.
“This child, Ling’er, is just too strong, she doesn’t want to rely on her family for anything ……,” Gu Wentian said with a bit of heartache in his tone.
Chen Ping looked at Gu Ling’er two more times, still a little admiration for Gu Ling’er, nowadays many young people can live on nibbling on the old man, like Gu Ling’er such a girl is too few.
“Grandpa, you see I’m not relying on my family now, but I’m also doing quite well, you don’t have to worry about it!”
Gu Ling’er said with a faint smile.
“Yes, it’s quite good now, follow Pavilion Master Li well and try to take his place in the future!” Gu Wentian smiled and said, “Alright, you youngsters talk, I’ll go and say hello to the others!”
As Gu Wentian left, Chen Ping and the others found a place to sit down, Gu Ling’er always looked at Chen Ping as if she had something to say, but never opened her mouth!
“Yu Qi, come here for a moment!”
At that moment, Su Wen Zong waved towards Su Yuqi from not far away, as if he was calling Su Yuqi over to meet some people!
Su Yuqi got up and said somewhat apologetically to Gu Ling’er, “Ling’er, wait for me first, I’ll be back soon!”
“Mm, you go ahead!” Gu Ling’er nodded her head!
Su Yuqi walked back, leaving only Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er alone, at this moment Chen Ping slowly spoke, “Miss Gu, just ask whatever you want to ask?”
Gu Ling’er was slightly stunned, but still opened her mouth and asked, “Did you do what happened to the Wei family?”
“Yes!” Chen Ping didn’t hold back in the slightest and answered painfully!
The fact that Chen Ping admitted so readily was out of Gu Ling’er’s expectation, which instantly caused Gu Ling’er to not know what to say.
Seeing that Gu Ling’er did not say anything, Chen Ping continued, “You have organized such a banquet, mainly to target me, right?”
“Not bad!” Seeing how quick Chen Ping was, Gu Ling’er nodded as well, “We want to capture you back to the provincial city.”
Chen Ping swept a glance at all the people on the scene, there were no more than ten people from the Protector Pavilion, and they were all ordinary agents, not experts.
“With this number of you, if I don’t agree, can you take me back?”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, but there was no hostility in his tone.
Gu Ling’er was silent for a moment, she knew very well in her heart that someone who was able to wipe out dozens of people from the Wei family, with just these people of theirs, they were afraid that it would be very difficult to bring Chen Ping back!
“Whether we can or not, we always have to try, it’s my duty!”
Gu Ling’er said with a determined face.