Xiao Yuanshan was also filled with heartache when he saw his son in this state, but there was nothing he could do about it, so he could only go forward and pull the chain that he was pulling with all his might!
He could not let Xiao Feng break free, or else all the pharmacists here would be out of luck!
“Son, calm down, calm down ……”
Xiao Yuan Shan calmed Xiao Feng!
“Father, let me die, die, I really feel bad ……”
Xiao Feng desperately suppressed that mania of his and begged towards Xiao Yuan Shan!
But just after saying that, he immediately changed his face again and began to desperately struggle!
After an incense stick of time like this, Xiao Feng slowly calmed down, and his entire body had already shown signs of weakness!
Xiao Yuan Shan looked at his son, both heartbroken and helpless!
But he could not do anything at all!
“Father …… please …… please …… let me die, I am really in pain!”
Xiao Feng begged to Xiao Yuan Shan!
It was too hard to live at this time, dying would be a relief instead!
Xiao Yuanshan looked at his son and tears slowly flowed out, although as the Xiao Emperor of the Xiao Dynasty, the existence of ten thousand people, he could not even save his own son!
This helplessness made Xiao Yuanshan also instantly become much older!
Xiao Yuanshan glanced at Xiao Feng and slowly walked towards Chen Ping, although his eyes still carried a few moments of anger, they no longer had a killing intent!
“Go ahead, I only hope that my son leaves without a trace of pain!”
Xiao Yuanshan accepted helplessly!
Xiao Feng living like this was a torture for Xiao Yuan Shan, for Xiao Feng himself, and even for the entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Emperor Xiao, you don’t have to be sad, perhaps if this poison pill goes down, your son will be fine.”
“Putting death to death, perhaps only after dying once, can you be hopeful for the rest of your life!”
Chen Ping walked towards Xiao Feng after saying a few words to Xiao Yuanshan!
Xiao Yuanshan looked at Chen Ping dumbfounded, he did not understand what Chen Ping meant by this, but in Xiao Yuanshan’s eyes, there was actually a glimmer of hope!
His own son was like this, perhaps the poison pill in Chen Ping’s hand could really bring a glimmer of hope!
Everyone looked at Chen Ping, they did not know what Chen Ping was thinking at the moment, and even more so, they did not know what Xiao Yuanshan was thinking!
After all, watching one’s own son swallow the Poison Pill with his own eyes was something that no one could do!
“Prince Xiao, I have two pills here, one is the Forgetfulness Pill and the other is the Poison Pill, if you choose to take the Forgetfulness Pill, you will forget the past, lose all your memories and start everything from scratch!”
“And if you choose the Poison Pill, it will cause you to die of poison, but it will allow you to retain a wisp of your residual soul, possessing memories of the past, and slowly wander around this Celestial Realm!”
Chen Ping said as he reached over and handed over two pills!
Xiao Feng looked at the black and white pills and suddenly smiled!
He looked at Chen Ping with some incredulity and said, “After so many years, only you have really seen through the cause of my illness, only you have seen through me ……”
“Asking what love is in this world only calls for life and death.”
“I believe that girl is beautiful and you love her ……”
Chen Ping said to Xiao Feng!
Xiao Feng was slightly stunned and muttered Chen Ping’s words, “What is love in this world that only calls for life and death?”
“What a nice phrase, together we did live and die together, now that she is gone, what is the point of me living.”
Xiao Feng said, and surprisingly pulled out something like a crystal ball from his pocket!
Only to see that crystal ball flickering with light, inside it was a girl in white, running continuously with a smile on her face!
Xiao Feng, on the other hand, was chasing after her, and the two looked so happy and blissful!
“This is the last time I saw her, the image recorded with the recording crystal ball, whenever I am awake, I will take it out and look at it!