When she saw that Song Qingping had returned, Zhou Jie instinctively tried to stand up, but her body had already lost its strength!
Zhou Jie’s eyes looked at Song Qingping angrily, she had never thought that Song Qingping would be such a person!
Seeing Zhou Jie’s angry gaze, Song Qingping didn’t think anything of it, but slowly squatted down and gently stroked Zhou Jie’s face, “You don’t have to look at me like that, I’m telling you, the whole Demon Spirit Sect is mine now, and you’ll be the Patriarch’s wife from now on, you should be happy.”
As Song Qingping said that, he directly jumped onto Zhou Jie’s body and kissed her desperately!
Zhou Jie didn’t comply, and bit Song Qingping fiercely!
Song Qingping gave Zhou Jie two direct slaps, knocking blood out of the corners of Zhou Jie’s mouth!
“I’m telling you, you’ve been mine for a long time, why are you still pretending here.”
After saying that, Song Qingping carried Zhou Jie to the bed and began to vent his unfulfilled animal lust!
Zhou Jie could only turn her head to the side and shed tears in silence!
At this moment, Deacon Lu had already led Chen Ping into the Demon Spirit Sect’s main hall!
Just as they rushed in, they were surrounded by the Demon Spirit Sect’s people!
Deacon Lu looked at these Demon Spirit Sect people and an inexplicable sadness flashed across his face!
“You’re all from the Demon Spirit Sect, how come you’re all traitors? Where is that Song Qingping?”
Deacon Lu shouted!
One by one, none of those people from the Demon Spirit Sect said anything, in fact they didn’t want to make a move against Deacon Lu either.
“Deacon Lu, you’d better run away quickly while the Vice Patriarch is not here, and we won’t make things difficult for you ……”
At this time, a senior member of the Demon Spirit Sect stood out and said.
“I am not leaving, if I leave, the Demon Spirit Sect will really be finished, I brought Mr. Chen here, we are here to kill that Song Qingping.”
Deacon Lu said.
“Hmph, Deacon Lu, you are too arrogant, is the Vice Patriarch also something you can kill?”
Several of Song Qingping’s cronies walked over, these were the guys who supported Song Qingping the most.
Deacon Lu was just about to speak, but Chen Ping snatched him up and said, “It’s not him who wants to kill Song Qingping, it’s me who wants to kill him.”
“Chen Ping, this is a family matter of our Demon Spirit Sect, what does it have to do with you?”
One of them said.
“It doesn’t matter, I just don’t like that Song Qingping and I want to kill him, is that alright?”
Chen Ping asked with a provocative face.
“You ……”
With this, it directly rendered several of that Song Qingping’s cronies speechless!
“Go and shout Song Qingping out, or else you will be the ones who die.”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Chen Ping, you should not be too ……”
One of them had just opened his mouth when he saw a terrifying aura suddenly erupt from Chen Ping’s body, followed by a fist smashing out!
A terrifying fist wind swept through the man’s body as this fist viciously smashed into the man’s body, only to explode him!
Boom!
The flesh and blood scattered in all directions, causing the whole hall to be filled with the smell of blood!
That was why Chen Ping did so, he knew that to suppress these people, he could only use thunderbolts to make them afraid, and only then would it be easier to deal with them!
Sure enough, Chen Ping’s punch instantly shocked everyone!
Even a few of Song Qingping’s cronies turned pale with fear and retreated backwards one after another!
“Go and call Song Qingping here, or else the fate of the few of you will be death ……”
Chen Ping said expressionlessly.
A few guys looked at the long ago shattered corpses of their companions and turned and ran in fear!
The remaining people of the Demon Spirit Sect in the main hall were all too afraid to breathe, they did not expect that Chen Ping’s strength would be so terrifying!
And at this moment, Song Qingping was desperately venting his frustrations inside the room!
At that moment, the door of the room was suddenly pushed open and several of Song Qingping’s cronies hurriedly ran in!
But when they saw the scene in front of them, they were instantly frozen!