But just as the old man slapped his palm against the formation, his entire body was instantly bounced out, and then fell heavily in front of the crowd, bleeding from his seven orifices, his face pale, caught in a serious injury!
At this moment, many people stared in shock, if this kind of strength couldn’t break the formation in front of them, then there was no hope for them to enter the ruins!
“This formation is too powerful, a late stage Grand Martial Marquis’ strength, but he couldn’t break through it.”
Jiang Wei was staggered for a moment!
“Formations are all about breaking where the eyes of the formation are, and breaking a formation with brute force like this requires a sufficiently high level of strength to do so.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Obviously, right from the start, Chen Ping knew that the old man could not break the formation in front of him!
“Brother Chen Ping, can you break it?”
Long Xingxu opened his mouth and asked.
Chen Ping nodded, “I only need one sword to break through this formation ……”
Chen Ping was not bragging, but he had long since seen where the eyes of this formation were, and with his own strength plus the Dragon Chopper Sword, he could definitely break it!
Only Chen Ping did not want to break it, because he was waiting.
He knew that Ning Zhi had brought the four Black Gold Robes with him, and with the four Black Gold Robes, it was simply too easy to join forces to break through this formation.
And the young man he saw in the tavern, he should have the strength too!
None of these people had moved yet, or even seen, so Chen Ping didn’t act either, they were all competing for patience!
Chen Ping was patient, but someone else was already impatient, only to see Hong Qianjiu stand out!
“Gentlemen, today we have come to Penglai Island, we cannot be stopped by a single spell formation, now we three brothers have aligned, and we all have Martial Saint Artifacts in our hands, if any of you are still willing to ally with us, you can stand over!”
“If there are Martial Saint Artifacts in our hands even better, we can unite to break this formation down, I believe that as long as we join forces, this formation is nothing to fear.”
“But let me say something ugly in front, after we break the formation, those who don’t contribute, you will stand backwards, or don’t blame me for being ungracious.”
Hong Qianjiu saw that the spell formation outside alone was so powerful, that the inside of the ruins would definitely still be dangerous, so he wanted to get more clans to ally together and control the situation for the time being before he could!
Relying on just the three of them, their power was still a bit thin!
“I’m willing to follow Lord Hong’s alliance, I also have a Martial Saint Artifact in my hand.”
At this point, some clans started to stand out, now they all knew that fighting alone, they were afraid that they would end up getting nothing!
“I am also willing to ……”
Another clan sided with Hong Qianjiu!
Soon, there were more than ten clans that chose to follow Hong Qianjiu and their alliance, Hong Qianjiu and his clan had reached hundreds of people at this point, and they were considered the strongest!
Seeing this, Hong Qianjiu finally had a cold smile on his face and gave Chen Ping a provocative glance before placing his gaze on the formation!
“Gentlemen, let’s put our strength together and break this spell formation for him.”
Hong Qianjiu finished speaking and brought out his Martial Saint Weapon!
The others also flashed their weapons, and then together, they all exerted their strength, and a stream of energy converged together, giving off a dazzling light!
All of these people were at the strength of Great Martial Marquis, and with the addition of several Martial Saint Weapons, the terrifying power was not something that could be compared to one person.
The crowd all watched intently, then as soon as the Great Mountain Protection Formation broke, they would rush in without hesitation!
Only Hong Qianjiu and his men had already surrounded them in a group, blocking the crowd out!
Although many people were dissatisfied, there was nothing they could do!
Boom …………
There was a deafening sound as the power gathered together and blasted out towards the formation!
The whole Penglai Island shook under this blow, and the ocean was filled with huge waves!
It was clear how powerful this joint strike was!
It was a pity that such a fierce strike only left a shallow mark on the Mountain Protection Formation, and although these people did not suffer any repercussions from the formation, they were unable to break it.