“Alright, don’t even talk about it, hurry up and pack up these prey, before it gets dark, we still have to go to the town to sell the prey.”
“In the future, all of you should not go to the town if you are fine, and don’t leave Boulder Village easily, the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance don’t know if they are poor and crazy lately, and they are robbing things everywhere.”
The old village chief greeted the people as they packed up their prey, then looked at Pillar and asked, “Pillar, how’s your elixir refining going?”
“Old Village Chief, it hasn’t …… succeeded yet ……”
Pillar said with some embarrassment!
During this period of time, the pillar has been refining medicine, the herbs needed, are the old village chief to bring people to the mountain to pick, also never let the pillar to go up the mountain!
After such a long time, Pillar had not yet succeeded, causing Pillar to be very embarrassed!
“It’s alright, take your time, pills are not that easy to refine, when you become a real pharmacist, our Boulder Village will all be glowing with you!”
The old village chief patted the pillar’s shoulder!
“Don’t worry Old Village Chief, I will definitely work hard!”A determined light flashed in the pillar’s eyes!
Right at this moment, suddenly the heavens and earth trembled, and everyone looked into the void in shock!
Along with the void flickering with white light, several figures slowly appeared!
“Big Brother Chen, that’s Big Brother Chen …………”
Pillar was the first to see Chen Ping and shouted loudly!
“A granny? Grandma?”
Yun’er also saw the granny beside Chen Ping and trembled with excitement!
So everyone looked on incredulously, travelling in the air like this was definitely something only a strong person could do!
Chen Ping slowly landed in Boulder Village with the crowd!
“Yun’er, my Yun’er …………”
Seeing Yun’er, the old granny instantly broke away from Chen Ping’s hand and ran towards Yun’er!
“Granny ……” Yun’er also excitedly ran towards the old woman!
The two people hugged each other tightly and cried bitterly!
“Brother Chen Ping, just now we mentioned you, I didn’t expect you to come back ……”
Pillar excitedly ran towards Chen Ping and said as he hugged Chen Ping!
Chen Ping smiled and touched the pillar’s head, “The pillar has grown taller ……”
“Chen Ping, you …… you’re back.”The old village chief also went forward and shook Chen Ping’s hand!
“Old Village Chief, I’m back, back to see you all!”
Chen Ping looked at the people of Boulder Village in front of him and was also very excited!
All of the Boulder Village villagers followed Chen Ping in greeting!
Although Chen Ping hadn’t stayed in Bashi Village for a long time, these villagers also treated Chen Ping as one of their own!
“Granny, aren’t you dead? How …… why are you with Big Brother Chen?”
Yun’er asked as she looked at the old woman incredulously after crying!
“Ai, it’s a long story, I was …………”
The old woman explained in detail after Yun’er!
“Alright, everyone, don’t gather around, Chen Ping and the others must be very tired after coming from so far away, let them take a rest!”
The old village chief greeted the crowd and dispersed!
Chen Ping and the few of them, were placed in a compound, although the compound looked shabby, it was clean!
Pillar then brought Chen Ping and the others some spirit herbs, “Brother Chen Ping, this is what the old village chief asked me to bring, you guys have travelled such a long way, you need to replenish your strength.”
Chen Ping looked at the spirit herbs in front of him, he knew that these were already the best things in Bashi Village!
“Pillar, go tell the old village chief that we have brought our own resources, so there is no need to bring us anything!”
Chen Ping patted Pillar on the shoulder and said!
Pillar nodded and then went out!
“Holy sh*t, after so many years, I still didn’t know that the Celestial Realm still had such a poor place ah ……”
“What can these spirit grasses do? Probably feed it to a dog, the dog won’t even eat it ……”
Xuan Bin looked at the spirit grass in front of him and couldn’t help but stagger!
They, the Mahayana realm 9th grade cultivators, arrived at Boulder Village simply shattered their three views!