Blood spurted onto another man, who turned in terror and tried to flee.
But how could he possibly escape from Chen Ping’s grasp?
Chen Ping took the man in his hands with one healthy step.
“What’s going on here? You’d better tell me clearly ……”
Chen Ping asked at the man with a cold glint in his eyes.
Feeling the terrifying aura on Chen Ping’s body.
That guy was scared silly and hurriedly told Chen Ping what he knew, following Chen Ping’s original story.
The more Chen Ping listened, the angrier he became, and the killing aura on his body swept through him instantly!
He didn’t expect that the Valley of the Wicked would end up being almost slaughtered in order to protect him!
What’s more, he didn’t expect that Ning Zhi would be so despicable as to take advantage of the fact that the Vicious Valley had followed a great battle in the Desolate Martial World to come after the Vicious Valley to ask for Jean.
“What else?”
Chen Ping asked coldly.
“Nothing, that’s all I know ……”
The man shook his head with a frightened expression.
Chen Ping exerted a slight force on his hand, and the man’s eyes instantly glared and he had no breath.
“Ning Family, I will make you pay in blood ……”
A bloody killing aura erupted from Chen Ping’s body.
Leaving the Valley of the Wicked, Chen Ping rushed towards Kyoto.
No matter how much it cost, he had to get the four villains out.
…………
The Ning Family in Kyoto!
Today there were dozens of people from clans and families, gathered at the Ning Family!
It was because today was Ning Zhi’s birthday.
Ning Zhi, who was young, was throwing a big birthday feast.
Not only were those affiliated clans of the Ning Family invited to attend, but even the Martial Arts Alliance had received an invitation.
Ning Zhi had even sent someone to send an invitation to Mr Shi!
Only whether Mr Shi would come or not, that was not certain.
The entire Ning Family, at this moment, was buzzing with activity, but Zhao Wuji, with the people from the Dharma Protection Pavilion, could only maintain order outside!
As the Lord of the Dharma Protecting Pavilion, he hadn’t received an invitation at all.
It was evident that Ning Zhi did not have the Dharma Protector Pavilion in his eyes at all.
“Young master, most of the guests are here, but Mr. Shi and the people from the Martial Alliance are not here!”
At this point, the butler whispered in Ning Zhi’s ear.
“I knew they wouldn’t come.”
“Now they despise me, in three years’ time, I will make them kneel in front of me.”
Ning Zhi had a ruthless look in his eyes.
After straightening his clothes, Ning Zhi walked towards the hall.
Seeing Ning Zhi arrive, the many people from the clans and families all quieted down.
“Gentlemen, thank you very much for attending my birthday banquet, all of you who have come today are friends of my Ning family.”
“I can a*sure you all that as long as you follow me Ning Zhi, three years, just three years, all of you will be able to have a place in the martial arts world of Kyoto, in ……”
Ning Zhi’s words were wild, but no one refuted or questioned them!
All applauded desperately and echoed Ning Zhi.
The banquet began and the scene was a lively one.
And outside the Ning family villa, a human figure slowly appeared, carrying an endless killing intent.
“Mr Chen?”
Zhao Wuji, who was originally outside to maintain order and prevent any unrest, saw Chen Ping at a glance.
Chen Ping was also a little surprised to see Zhao Wuji.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, what are you doing here?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Today, that Ning Zhi is holding some kind of birthday banquet, so I came over to maintain order and prevent any clan families from seeking revenge and fighting!”
Zhao Wuji explained, and then asked Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, what are you doing here at this time? But there are quite a few people looking for you!”
“I’m here to kill someone ……”
Chen Ping’s gaze, looked towards the Ning family’s villa.
When Zhao Wuji heard this, his heart shook slightly and he hurriedly stopped Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, if you want to kill that Ning Zhi, today is not the time.”
“Right now in the Ning family, there are dozens of people, all from the major clan families in Kyoto, all of them are experts.”
“And all of these clan families are attached to the Ning Family, if you make a move against Ning Zhi, you are bound to be attacked by these people in conjunction!”
Zhao Wuji persuaded Chen Ping, going over to kill Ning Zhi at this time, wouldn’t that be seeking death?