“Hahaha, it’s really chicken soup that harms people… Effort doesn’t count for sh*t in front of natural talent.”
“The reason why some people are all telling you to work hard is nothing more than wanting you to be a cow or a horse.”
“Especially in the Celestial Realm, effort is meaningless, these people are destined to become stepping stones for others.”
“If the strength of all these people were transferred to you alone, you would quickly break through and then become famous in the Celestial Realm.”
“There’s also the possibility of breaking through the Celestial Realm and ascending to the Immortal Realm, this is a world where strength is honoured, without strength and natural talent, all efforts are just doing favours for others.”
“As long as you worship me as your teacher, I can teach you to refine the Devouring Dan, and you can take all of these people’s cultivation and turn it all into your own.”
“Everyone has his own uniqueness, as long as you absorb the advantages and strengths of these people, your strength will grow in an instant.”
The Pill God said with his hands behind his back, his face full of indifference!
It was as if these pill masters on Pill Cauldron Mountain could die at any time for the sake of raising their strength!
“Devouring the strength of others?”
Chen Ping frowned, “Isn’t this a technique that only evil cultivators use?”
Chen Ping also knew how to devour other people’s cultivation, only that along with his strength rising higher and higher, it became more and more difficult to devour the other person.
Like that Star Absorbing Technique, if one devoured cultivation in the Celestial Realm, it would not work at all!
“Evil cultivator?”The Pill God smiled slightly, “A technique that devours another person’s cultivation is indeed defined as an Evil Cultivation Technique, but what I taught you was to refine Devouring Pills, not a technique, so it’s not considered an Evil Cultivation.”
“And I’m not an evil cultivator either, I’m just telling you that by cultivating hard, you won’t necessarily become an immortal, and your realm won’t necessarily be elevated, but if you catch the opportunity, you won’t be able to not elevate even if you want to!”
“This is what is called a pig standing on the wind and will also be blown to the sky with ease, but only if the pig knows how to seize the opportunity.”
“If you worship me now, that’s your opportunity, it won’t take long, I can guarantee that you’ll break through to the Mahayana realm!”
The Pill God desperately lured Chen Ping to worship himself as his master!
Chen Ping quietly looked at the Pill God in front of him and suddenly laughed, “Letting me devour these people’s cultivation to enhance myself, what’s the difference between following a great devil? It is impossible for me to harm people for myself.”
The Pill God then explained, “I didn’t ask you to harm people, using the Devouring Dan what you devour is only a part of the other person’s cultivation, it doesn’t take the other person’s life, there is a difference between following a devil cultivator’s devouring technique.”
“The person you devour will still or, only their cultivation may be lowered, or never have the ability to be in the ascension, so it is considered to be harming people.”
“Alright, stop talking, I am not going to worship you as my teacher.”
Chen Ping directly interrupted the Medicine God!
“Aren’t you at all moved? Didn’t you go through the test just to come for my inheritance?”
The Pill God was very puzzled when he saw Chen Ping bluntly rejecting him!
“I did come for the sake of your inheritance, but I can’t worship you as my teacher, and even more so, I won’t go and devour other people’s cultivation.”
Chen Ping said with firm eyes!
A hint of anger appeared on the Pill God’s face as he said in great confusion, “Could it be that I, an Immortal of the Heavenly Realm, am not worthy of being your master?”
“Do you think that I have fallen and only have this remnant of a soul left, so even if I were to be your master, I wouldn’t be able to help you much?”
“Let me tell you, old me didn’t fall, I just made use of the Divine Pill and returned to the Heavenly Realm.”
“I painstakingly refined the Divine Pill for thousands of years, and returned to the Heavenly Realm, originally intending to leave behind a wisp of my residual soul to look for a person of destiny and take him as a disciple.