Could it be that the mysterious power within oneself is the power of the divine dragon?
And this power came from the fusion of the two dragon crystals.
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan, he finally knew, so these two guys had known this secret for a long time, they knew that the combination of the Ice Dragon Dragon Crystal and the Inferno Dragon Crystal would give birth to the power of the divine Dragon!
There was nothing special about swallowing a single dragon crystal, it was just that the dragon crystal contained some spiritual energy within it.
But who would have thought that swallowing two dragon crystals would only produce a different effect!
Hearing Ning Zhi’s roar, Gu Kaiyuan gathered up his sadness, murderous intent flashed in his eyes, and followed it up with a loud hiss!
Only to see that the compa*s, which already had cracks in it, now began to flicker with light again, and Gu Kaiyuan’s entire body was wrapped in the light!
Soon, Gu Kaiyuan’s thin body began to soar, every inch of his muscles wrapped in light!
It was like a giant of light!
The compa*s hovered above Gu Kaiyuan’s head, and one person and one weapon seemed to fuse together!
“Chen Ping, you destroyed my magic weapon, I will kill you ……”
A guttural hiss came out of Gu Kaiyuan’s mouth, his entire being like a fierce beast!
Ning Zhi also made a move and took the sword on the ground into his hands, his entire body covered in killing aura.
“Let’s kill him together, and those treasures on him will be ours ……”
Ning Zhi finished speaking and swung his sword towards Chen Ping!
The terrifying sword Qi cut through a wave of Qi that seemed to tear the entire space apart!
Gu Kaiyuan also made his move at the same time, fiercely swinging his fist out, like a laser, directly towards Chen Ping, as fast as he could!
Faced with the simultaneous attacks of the two men, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and his face became very grave!
After weighing the pros and cons, Chen Ping raised the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand and swung it out directly to meet Ning Zhi’s terrifying sword Qi!
Boom!
With a loud bang, the two sword qi clashed with a deafening sound.
However, Gu Kaiyuan’s punch had already arrived in front of him, and Chen Ping wanted to dodge, but it was simply too late to do so, so he could only bring his Unbreakable Golden Body into play, and the scales on his body that glittered with golden light began to grow rapidly, forming an impermeable golden armour all over Chen Ping’s body!
Knock knock knock …………
With three dull thuds, Chen Ping could only feel his internal organs tumbling!
It turned out that Gu Kaiyuan had thrown what looked like one punch, but he had thrown three direct punches!
All three punches struck Chen Ping’s chest, and although most of the force was resisted by Chen Ping’s flesh body, there was still a penetrating force that ignored Chen Ping’s invincible golden body and directly penetrated his flesh body, striking straight into his internal organs!
This force directly caused Chen Ping’s inner dantian to tremble and the spiritual energy in his body to become a chaotic mess, unexpectedly unable to coalesce together for a while!
Seeing that Chen Ping’s spiritual energy was in chaos, Gu Kaiyuan swung his fist again, hitting Chen Ping hard and sending his body flying!
After knocking over a dozen trees in a row, Chen Ping’s body came to a halt and blood spilled out of the corners of his mouth!
Chen Ping screen adjusted his breathing, trying hard to calm down the spiritual energy in his body!
“With this level of strength, it is better for you to obediently hand over the dragon crystal on your body to avoid suffering further flesh and blood ……”
Gu Kaiyuan had a cold smile on his face!
Ning Zhi saw that Chen Ping couldn’t even handle Gu Kaiyuan, and the tension he had just felt relaxed.
It seemed that the Dragon Crystal had just fused, and Chen Ping had not yet fully mastered the power of the divine Dragon!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, he was using this short time to temper the spiritual power in his body!
But this Gu Kaiyuan was not very strong, but he was experienced in combat, and with the addition of his magic weapon, it was tricky to deal with!
Next to him was Ning Zhi, who was watching over him. Faced with two people, Chen Ping had no strategy to deal with them.