This sudden appearance of a person, whether it was Zhou Tianyin or Chen Ping, all fixed their eyes on it.
It was at this time that the man in black instantly flung out three talismans.
The three talismans directly formed into a zigzag shape and landed at Zhou Tianyin’s feet.
“Three Robberies Formation!”
The man in black . roared out.
Boom!
The great formation was unleashed!
Terrifying yin fire, heavenly thunder, and bi wind filled the formation, instantly submerging Zhou Tian Yin!
Chen Ping was somewhat dumbfounded, not understanding who this suddenly appearing man in black was.
However, he knew the power of the Three Tribulations Formation.
The Three Robberies Formation was immensely powerful, but it was not something that an ordinary warlock could perform, even Chen Ping could not perform such a large formation now!
Chen Ping stared intently at the man in black, as if he wanted to see through who the man in black really was and why he wanted to help himself.
However, the man in black did not look at Chen Ping, but stared intently at the changes in the formation!
He knew that Zhou Tianyin was too strong, and that the Three Robber Formation might not be able to kill the other party!
Boom!
Just then, a brilliant sword light shot up into the sky, and the Three Tribulation Formation was surprisingly broken.
Zhou Tianyin emerged from the formation, and his face, too, was incomparably pale, with even a smear of blood at the corner of his mouth, and his eyes had become dull!
Clearly, Zhou Tianyin was not lightly injured!
“Hmph, I didn’t expect you to have helpers ……”
Zhou Tianyin stared at Chen Ping and the black man, his face unbearably ugly, “I’ll take note of this revenge today, sooner or later I’ll come back and take your life ……”
After Zhou Tianyin finished speaking, he leapt down from the mountain and left with the Zhou family.
He was already wounded and had absolutely no chance of winning against two people, so he had no choice but to leave!
Seeing Zhou Tianyin leaving, Ji Ruixue and Minnie rushed up happily.
“Chen Ping ……”
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
“Are you alright?”
The two exited almost simultaneously, looking Chen Ping up and down to see where exactly Chen Ping was injured.
However, Chen Ping did not answer Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min, instead he held the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand and aimed the tip of the sword at the man in black.
“Who are you? Why did you step in to save me?”
Chen Ping’s eyes stared slightly at the man in black.
Judging from the aura of the man in black, the strength was not very strong, but the man’s magic was incredibly strong, so he was obviously a very powerful warlock.
Only when he was casting the Three Robberies Formation, Chen Ping sensed fluctuations of spiritual energy from that man in black!
Only immortal cultivators would have fluctuations of spiritual energy, could it be that this person was also an immortal cultivator?
But even though the man in black had saved him, Chen Ping still didn’t let his guard down!
Seeing Chen Ping pointing his sword at himself, the man in black smiled faintly, “Is this how you treat your saviour?”
“Who the hell are you? Why did you appear in the middle of our back mountain?”
Ji Ru Xue, at this point, also looked at the man in black and questioned.
“I am not a bad person, if I were a bad person, how would I have come out to save you? I just happened to pa*s by ……”
The man in black said indifferently.
But Chen Ping did not believe his words at all, pa*sing by by chance, where would there be such a coincidence.
“Who the hell are you? Covering up, not daring to show your true face, there must be a ghost ……”
Chen Ping questioned at the man in black.
The man in black looked at Chen Ping and his eyes narrowed slightly, “There are some things you can’t say in public, I believe you will understand, so if you want to know who I am, it’s better to let the others leave before you say anything!”
As Chen Ping looked at the man in black, his heart became even more convinced of the identity of the man in black’s immortal cultivator, so he looked to Ji Ru Xue and said, “Miss Ji, you take Xiao Min down the mountain and go back to the palace first, I’ll be back soon!”
Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Ping, nodded and took Xiaomin down the mountain.
“Alright, you can tell me who you are now? Are you an immortal cultivator?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to the man in black.
“That’s right ……”
The man in black nodded surprisingly readily and then removed the black scarf covering his face.