“Mr Chen, could it be that you can see the problem with this teleportation array?”
Nie Heng asked curiously!
Chen Ping nodded, “Not bad, you guys should not go up, wait here ……”
Seeing Chen Ping say this, Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng did not approach the teleportation array!
Instead, the others excitedly took their number plates and began to enter the teleportation array one by one!
After the entire teleportation array was filled with people, the middle-aged man in grey robes took out spirit stones and placed them around the teleportation array!
The opening of the teleportation array required the consumption of a large amount of spirit stones, so there was also a need to pay money for travelling on the teleportation array!
Accompanied by the flickering of spirit stones, the teleportation array slowly opened, the entire space constantly fluctuated, and white aura surrounded the entire teleportation array!
The crowd saw a strand of aura, constantly emerging from the teleportation array, and the crowd in the teleportation array had a sense of detachment, as if they were about to be teleported!
Everyone waited quietly, as long as these people were teleported away, then it would be their turn behind them!
However, Chen Ping felt the fluctuations of the teleportation array, and inwardly he could be more convinced that this teleportation array was definitely going to fail!
Boom!
With a flash of white light, everyone closed their eyes!
Immediately after that, a crackling sound rang out around them, followed by screams!
Everyone rushed to open their eyes and saw that the people in the teleportation array were all still there, only that many of them were covered in a charred smell, and others were physically injured and bleeding profusely!
At this moment, everyone froze, even the grey robed middle-aged man froze!
“Quickly save people, quickly save people ah ……”
I don’t know who shouted, many people then swarmed to rush up and carried the injured person away!
“What the …… hell is going on here?”
The grey robed middle-aged man said with a face full of incredulity!
The other pill masters were also in an uproar, this teleportation array was also too terrifying, it didn’t teleport anyone away, but they were all even injured!
“What’s going on, what’s going on here, didn’t you say it was fixed?”
A few senior members of the Apothecary Guild saw this and rushed over in a hurry!
“Maybe there aren’t enough spirit stones, the formation didn’t fully activate, why don’t we try it again!”
The grey robed middle-aged man said!
“Hurry up and try, now that it’s become like this, how can we explain to the president!”
A senior member of the Apothecary Guild said with great exasperation!
“Good!”
The grey robed middle-aged man hurriedly placed the spirit stones again, this time the number of spirit stones was obviously a lot more!
However, along with the activation of the formation, it was only a flash of light and stopped once again!
This time, everyone blew up, this formation was not even repaired!
That grey robed middle-aged man also had an unsightly face!
“Li Qi, what the hell did you do, aren’t you a formation master?”
“The teleportation array hasn’t been repaired for so many days, the Apothecary Society raised you for nothing.”
“If the teleportation array isn’t fixed, the Pharmacist Conference in Yongle City will begin.”
“What the hell, didn’t you just say that it’s already fixed?”
Several of the Apothecary Guild executives were all in a hurry!
Many of the surrounding pharmacists were also noisy and very angry!
They were made to wait here for so many days without it being fixed!
If it really wasn’t fixed, they wouldn’t have enough time before they wanted to go to Yongle City!
Isn’t this a pit?
That Li Qi, on the other hand, was covered in cold sweat, constantly wiping it away, even if he was being spoken to in this way, he didn’t dare to refute it!
After all, these were the top echelons of the Apothecary Guild, and it was the Apothecary Guild that he was eating from!
And so many Apothecaries were waiting.
Li Qi carefully examined each and every formation pattern of the teleportation array, but he couldn’t find out what the problem was at all!
He was as anxious as an ant on a hot pan right now!
“Still not fixed?”It was a majestic voice that came!
Seeing the visitor, everyone stepped back and stood to the sides!