“Lei’er!” Xiao Yan hurriedly stepped forward to hold Xiao Lei, and only after examining him did he discover that Xiao Lei’s arm was broken, and that he would not be able to recover without a few months.
“b*****d, you dare to hit my son, I want you to die …………”
At first, Xiao Yan only thought of teaching Chen Ping a lesson, so that he could just remember, after all, there was still a wedding to be held, but now Xiao Yan only had one thought, that was to kill Chen Ping, or else he would be ashamed of himself in front of so many merchants and businessmen in Hongcheng.
Xiao Yan took out his mobile phone and summoned all the bodyguards at home, all of whom were hired at great cost and were all martial artists!
They were much better than that bald head, who was a street punk and had been following Xiao Lei’s a*s around, sucking up to him, the rich second generation!
When he saw Xiao Yan calling for someone, Chen Ping was in no hurry and sat back down, picking up a cup of tea and drinking it again.
“Dad, kill him for me, I will kill him …………”
Xiao Lei, who had a broken arm, shouted with a face full of fierceness!
“Lei’er, don’t worry, I will definitely throw this brat into the river and feed him to the fish today!”
Xiao Yan looked at his son with heartache and a*sured him!
Xiao Yan could see that Chen Ping had some strength, so he did not strike right away, but waited for his family’s bodyguards to arrive!
Just then, the door to the marriage hall on the first floor was pushed open and Su Yuqi walked in with quick steps, she wanted to see who was causing trouble here!
“Uncle Xiao, what’s going on?”
As soon as she entered, Su Yuqi asked Xiao Yan.
“This kid dares to cause trouble at my son’s wedding and dare to hit my son, I am going to have a meatball at your hotel today ……”
Xiao Yan said as he pointed at Chen Ping who was sitting at the table drinking tea.
When Su Yuqi looked over, her entire body froze.
How could she not have expected that this troublemaker would be Chen Ping, who had not left!
“Mr. Chen?” Su Yuqi asked with a face full of confusion, “Why is it you?”
“Is Miss Su very strange?” Chen Ping smiled faintly towards Su Yuqi.
“Niece Yuqi, you know this person?”
Xiao Yan frowned!
“Uncle Xiao, this might be a misunderstanding, this Mr. Chen, he was invited to treat my father, this must be a misunderstanding!”
Su Yuqi explained.
“Healing?” Xiao Yan’s brows knitted even deeper!
“Who are you? What nonsense are you talking about? This guy doesn’t know how to heal at all, he was just released from the prison today, he can’t see any diseases.
Geng Shanshan shouted at Su Yuqi.
Su Yuqi’s face instantly turned cold, but looking at the wedding dress on Geng Shanshan, she knew that this was the bride of the Xiao family, Su Yuqi endured a bite and said, “I’m free to divide whether Mr. Chen will see a doctor or not, just because you haven’t seen it doesn’t mean Mr. Chen won’t!”
“Pull back quickly, just his two skills, what do I not know? I had to run to the hospital when I was sick and had a cold, and he carried me to the hospital once when it was raining heavily, if he knew how to see a doctor, would he still need to go to the hospital?”
Geng Shanshan had a look of disdain on her face, in her eyes, Chen Ping was now worthless!
Hearing Geng Shanshan say so, Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping, she seemed to understand why Chen Ping had caused trouble at the wedding.
“Niece Yuqi, don’t worry about this matter, your father’s illness, I will invite a specialist from abroad for him, this brat must die today!”
Xiao Yan said in an unquestionable tone.
His seniority was greater than Su Yuqi’s, so naturally, he did not need to be polite!
“No, you absolutely cannot touch Mr. Chen …………”
Su Yuqi instantly blocked in front of Chen Ping!
Her own father’s life was still counting on Chen Ping to save it, Su Yuqi could not watch something happen to Chen Ping!
Xiao Yan’s face was cold, “Niece Yuqi, are you forcing me to make a move?”
Xiao Yan’s eyes flashed with a murderous aura, as his words fell, dozens of Xiao family bodyguards full of aura rushed in, seeing his bodyguards arrive, Xiao Yan looked at Chen Ping with an even colder look!
“Uncle Xiao, no matter what, I can’t let you touch Mr. Chen’s!”
As Su Yuqi finished speaking, a dozen hotel security guards also rushed in, tightly guarding Su Yuqi.
The atmosphere inside the banquet hall instantly became frozen, and many of the guests retreated backwards, afraid that they might get into a fight later and involve themselves!
“Little girl, if it wasn’t for your father’s sake, I would have crushed you to death in a minute, now get the hell out of my way right now, can you stop me with just this little piece of sh*t security you have?”
Xiao Yan was furious, and he was not polite to Su Yuqi!
And as Xiao Yan’s words fell, the dozens of bodyguards of the Xiao family all exuded their auras, and this aura alone scared the dozens of security guards into pale faces!
Su Yuqi’s face did not look good either, but she still guarded Chen Ping closely, with determination in her eyes!
“Old Xiao, at your age, isn’t it a bit too much to scare children!”
At that moment, the door to the banquet hall was pushed open once again, and Su Wenzong walked in with a hint of displeasure on his face!