“D*mn, what a strong killing aura!” Dong Jiahao wiped a handful of blood from the corner of his mouth, “There must be something good inside, otherwise this place wouldn’t have been enchanted, you two try destroying this spell ……”
Dong Jiahao said as he commanded his two men.
The two underlings of the Dong family nodded, their auras of seventh grade Martial Sects erupting from their bodies as they began to walk deeper into the tomb pa*sage.
The two men smashed their fists with huge powerful qi, wanting to destroy this spell formation by brute force and walk straight through with their strong bodies.
The two men, who were prepared, obviously had to walk a little further than Dong Jiahao, but as the two men continued to consume a large amount of their powerful qi, the killing qi within the spell formation became more and more frenzied.
Cold sweat began to break out on the foreheads of the two underlings of the Dong family, and every step forward became incredibly difficult. Soon the two men could not hold on any longer and flew straight over like kites with broken strings, falling heavily to the ground.
The two men spat blood from their mouths, clearly injured, but the two of them had only walked out a dozen metres more than Dong Jiahao.
“What the f*ck is this spell formation? It’s too powerful, what kind of treasures are hidden inside, protected by such a powerful spell formation!”
Dong Jiahao cursed.
“Brother Chen, I’ll go and try!” As soon as Zhao Barging heard that there were treasures inside, he was so excited that he actually wanted to go and try too.
Chen Ping pulled Zhao Barging back, “Don’t go, with your current strength, I’m afraid that just by walking in, you’ll be churned into mush by that killing Qi.”
When Zhao Barging heard this, he was so scared that he didn’t dare to try again either.
Chen Ping could only sit down and rest temporarily while his divine sense spread out, wanting to find the eye of the formation, so he could just break the formation.
However, Chen Ping’s divine sense was blocked when he spread out, which surprised Chen Ping.
Seeing that there was nothing Chen Ping could do, Long Xiao led the others to walk past Chen Ping himself, surveying the empty tomb pa*sage in front of him.
“Long Xingxu, you go and try ……”
Long Xiao said to Long Xingxu.
“Eldest Young Master, I ……”
Long Xingxu hesitated, just now whether it was Chen Ping or Dong Jiahao, even those two seventh grade Martial Sect experts of the Dong family, they were all directly knocked out by this spell formation, his own strength of a third grade Martial Sect, what else would he need to try?
“What? I’m not good at talking anymore?”
When Long Xiao saw Long Xingxu hesitate, he said with a cold face.
Long Xingxu shook his head repeatedly, and then exploded his entire body’s aura to wrap around himself as he slowly walked towards the front.
As soon as Long Xingxu rang up and took a step forward, a manic and strong killing aura came in with the force of a mountain, and instantly slapped Long Xingxu’s body.
Long Xingxu didn’t even have time to react, his body flew backwards by itself and fell to the ground for half a day before he got up.
Long Xiao looked at Long Xingxu’s appearance and his eyebrows were tightly furrowed together.
“If only Director Guo was here ……”
Long Xiao muttered, if Guo Wei was around, with Guo Wei’s strength at the peak of Martial Sect, he might be able to pa*s through here, and Long Xiao believed that there must be rare treasures behind.
Unable to resist the temptation, Long Xiao, after adjusting his breathing, wanted to give it a go too!
But the result was the same, Long Xiao was only able to take a few more steps before he was directly knocked out.
For a while, several people were blocked from advancing.
Chen Ping slowly stood up after taking a moment to rest, he intended to give it another try, he was careless just now, he was not prepared at all and was directly knocked out.
“Brother Chen, do you still want to try?”
Zhao Beng stopped Chen Ping and asked.
“En, I’m trying, only if we break this spell formation will we know what treasures are behind it!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.