“There is still a relic on that Dragon Lock Island. The Dragon Family has made a big deal this time, taking out the Dragon Lock Island as a trial site, that is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.”
“Don’t you want to go to Dragon Lock Island? I remember that there are still your attachments on Locked Dragon Island, right?”
Mr Shi smiled faintly.
Chen Ping was silent, because Locked Dragon Island carried too much for Chen Ping.
Moreover, Xiao Ru had been still frozen on Locked Dragon Island, except that after Chen Ping had followed Ning Zhi to Locked Dragon Island and obtained the Inferno Dragon Dragon Crystal, Chen Ping had searched for Xiao Ru, but had not found her.
The entire island had changed, so Chen Ping could no longer find where Xiao Ru was, but Chen Ping had never forgotten, he had always wanted to find a chance to bring Xiao Ru back to life!
After about a few minutes of silence, Chen Ping gritted his teeth, “Okay, I promise to go to this only trial ……”
Chen Ping also happened to take advantage of this trial to look for Xiao Ru on the island and see if he could find her.
“Since you have agreed to do so, then come back with me!”
Mr. Shi said, then reached out towards Chen Ping, “Give me the YuanYing, I will keep it for you.”
Chen Ping clasped his hands tightly in front of his chest, then shook his head, this YuanYing was the most precious resource to Chen Ping, how could he just give it to someone.
Seeing Chen Ping’s look, Mr. Shi smiled, “If you don’t give it, forget it, but if someone else steals it, you just don’t regret it ……”
“I won’t regret it ……”
Chen Ping said with a firm face.
Mr. Shi did not say anything more, but the group reentered Kyoto.
………………
Time flew by and two days had pa*sed in a flash.
On this day, in a certain square in Kyoto, a lot of people’s people gathered, this time the Long Family held an adventure that could be much larger than the number of people held by the Martial Dao a*sociation.
After all, the training held by the Martial Arts a*sociation was only open to the clans and families that participated in the Martial Arts a*sociation. At that time, Ning Zhi and Dong Jiahao, through Zhu Zhi Shan’s relationship, were only able to follow for a long time, but they were not able to take the treasures of the trial place.
This time, the Long family held a different one, all the sects and families could select their children to participate, but the lowest strength had to be Martial Zong to do so, and there was no shortage of young talents in the Martial Marquis realm!
It was only at this moment that Chen Ping discovered that the younger generation was also full of talents, only that many of them did not like to show their faces.
And as for that free list, the experts that could be ranked on it were all people who liked to show off.
“Chen Ping …………”
Just as Chen Ping was about to see if there were any acquaintances, he heard someone call out to him.
So Chen Ping turned his head to look and found three people of a similar age to himself walking towards him.
One of the leading men was also already at the Martial Marquis realm, and his aura was unconcealed and exposed like that!
Chen Ping surveyed the three men and found that in didn’t know them at all, so he asked the leader, “Do you know me?”
“Of course I know you, you are a big name now, there are several people in the entire Kyoto martial arts community who do not know you.”
The leader said with a faint smile.
These words made Chen Ping a little embarra*sed, Chen Ping didn’t want to be so famous, but no matter what, there were always people looking for him.
Chen Ping did not know the purpose of the few people, and was unsure of what to say when he suddenly spotted an acquaintance, and hurriedly chased after him.
“Brother Dong ……”
Chen Ping gave Dong Jiahao a tap on the shoulder.
Dong Jiahao turned around to see that it was Chen Ping and instantly showed his surprise: “Brother Chen Ping, are you also here for the trial?”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“I really didn’t expect the Long Family to be so generous, you beat that Long Xiao half to death and they still allowed you to come to the trial ……”
Dong Jiahao was surprised, after all, this was a trial held privately by the Long Family, and it was perfectly fine to not allow Chen Ping to participate.
Chen Ping smiled and did not explain, this was what Mr. Shi had requested, I believe the Long Family would not dare to refuse.