“Less nonsense!” A glint of ferocity flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes, “If you don’t want to die, get out of the way now!”
“Arrogant! Get him!” The lead guard roared, charging forward first.
Nan Batian laughed loudly, stepping forward to meet them.
His figure flickered, moving through the guards like a phantom, his fists raining down like meteors.
“Bang, bang, bang!”
Screams echoed as the guards, utterly outmatched, were killed one by one by Nan Batian.
“Pathetic!” Nan Batian sneered, kicking open the gate of the Red Serpent Sect, “Mr. Chen, Master Hu, let’s go in!”
The three walked side by side into the Red Serpent Sect, cutting down any disciples who tried to stop them along the way with Chen Ping’s Dragon-Slaying Sword.
Though the Red Serpent Sect’s disciples were skilled in poison and snake manipulation, such tactics were useless against absolute strength.
Soon, the trio reached the front of the Red Serpent Sect’s main hall.
The Red Serpent Fairy sat on a throne in the centre of the hall, her face grim as she watched them.
At her side stood dozens of Earth Immortal Realm experts, clearly prepared for their arrival.
“Chen Ping, Hu Mazi, you dare to storm my Red Serpent Sect!”
The Red Serpent Fairy said coldly, “It seems I was too careless letting you escape at Snake Coiling Mountain last time.”
“Red Serpent Fairy, enough talk.”
Hu Mazi’s eyes burned with the flames of vengeance, “You were part of the destruction of my Hu clan years ago. Today, I’ll make you pay with your blood!”
“Just you lot?”
The Red Serpent Fairy scoffed, “Don’t forget, I’m now at the Fourth Grade of the Earth Immortal Realm, with all these subordinates. None of you will leave here alive today!”
“Is that so?”
Nan Batian stepped forward, his aura erupting fiercely, “Then let’s see how impressive your Fourth Grade Earth Immortal Realm really is!”
The overwhelming presence of a Seventh Grade Earth Immortal Realm peak pressed down like a mountain, causing the Red Serpent Fairy and her experts to pale, struggling to breathe.
“Seventh… Seventh Grade Earth Immortal?”
Fear filled the Red Serpent Fairy’s eyes. She never imagined Chen Ping and Hu Mazi would find such a powerful ally.
“Attack!” Nan Batian ordered, charging forward first.
His speed was incredible, instantly reaching an Earth Immortal Third Grade expert and sending him flying with a single punch.
The other experts rushed to surround him but were easily repelled by Nan Batian.
Chen Ping faced the Red Serpent Fairy, who, knowing she was outmatched, tried to flee but was blocked by his Dragon-Slaying Sword.
“No escape!” Chen Ping snorted coldly, his Dragon-Slaying Sword slashing with golden sword energy towards the Red Serpent Fairy.
She could barely defend herself, quickly falling into a disadvantage.
Wounds multiplied on her body, her red robe stained with blood.
Hu Mazi, meanwhile, dealt with the remaining disciples, his talismans like the scythe of death, each wave claiming a life. He was determined to make those who participated in his clan’s destruction pay a heavy price.
The battle ended swiftly.
Nan Batian single-handedly killed all the Red Serpent Sect’s Earth Immortal experts.
The Red Serpent Fairy, gravely wounded by Chen Ping, collapsed on the ground, barely clinging to life.
Hu Mazi approached her, a cruel smile on his face, “Red Serpent Fairy, did you ever think you’d see this day? When you massacred my Hu clan, did you consider there’d be retribution?”
The Red Serpent Fairy struggled to raise her head, her eyes filled with defiance and fear, “Hu Mazi, you… you can’t kill me! I’m an outer disciple of the Five Heavens Ten Thousand Poison Valley. If you kill me, they won’t let you go!”
“Ten Thousand Poison Valley?”
Hu Mazi sneered, “Once I’ve had my revenge, I’ll settle accounts with them! You should be more concerned about yourself!”