When Chen Ping heard this, he knew that this Qin Xiaotian misunderstood that Qin Gang was killed by him, but Chen Ping did not explain, Qin Gang was killed by Wu Mei’er, Chen Ping would not let Qin Xiaotian know, or else Wu Mei’er would be in danger.
“Your son provoked me, so he deserves to die ……”
Chen Ping directly admitted it.
Seeing Chen Ping’s admission, Qin Xiaotian gritted his teeth and said, “Good, good, good …… It’s good that you dare to admit it, you killed my nephew and now you killed my son, today even if the King of Heaven comes, you can’t be saved, I will definitely kill you… …”
After Qin Xiaotian finished speaking, he turned towards the four vajra, “You four kill him for me ……”
Qin Xiaotian’s words were now holy orders to the Four Vajra, and the four nodded and all took a step forward to face Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at the four guys who were like beggars in front of him, and the corners of his mouth lifted slightly: “Is your Qin family empty? How dare you find a few beggars to deal with me ……”
“Chen Ping, don’t be complacent, you won’t be able to laugh later!”
After Qin Xiaotian finished speaking, the eldest of the Four Great Vajra let out an angry roar, followed by a steep spike in his aura.
The smile on Chen Ping’s face disappeared as he felt the aura on Da Gang’s body, he could feel that this guy who looked like a beggar in front of him had such a terrifying strength.
As the aura on Donkey Kong’s body climbed, only a faint red light began to emit from Donkey Kong’s body, and his entire body looked like it was illuminated by something.
The red light became fainter and fainter, and then disappeared, while the skin of the Grand Vajra had turned red, a muscle bulged high, and with one footstep, the whole mountain almost shook, and the hard ground was trampled Avray with a footprint.
“Chen Ping, these four vajra are bronze heads and iron arms, their muscles are harder than steel, these four have been fed by my Qin family’s pills for so many years, they are now long immortal, in front of them, you can only suffer death ……”
Qin Xiaotian said as he looked at Chen Ping with a lofty and superior demeanor.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but he had long seen that these four people practiced horizontal refinement kung fu, and to think that his own body had also been tempered, he was just able to use these guys for company.
“Cut the crap, let your four dogs go on, kill you all, I have to hurry ……”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful face.
“Arrogant, kill him ……” Qin Xiaotian said in a cold voice.
The great vajra shouted angrily and leapt up with his body, reaching Chen Ping in the blink of an eye.
Chen Ping did not mobilize the spiritual energy within his dantian, but with his strong physical body, he charged directly towards Da Gangster, the two were like two fast moving cars at this moment, about to ruthlessly crash into each other.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not dodge or evade, but straight after Da Gangster, Qin Xiaotian was a bit confused.
He didn’t understand what Chen Ping was trying to do. He knew that Donkey Kong had practiced hard qigong and his body was as solid as iron, so how did Chen Ping dare to hit him?
Boom …………
After a dull sound, Chen Ping’s body flew out like a kite with a broken string, and then crashed directly into the mountain, causing rocks to fly across the mountain, and rocks kept falling down, burying Chen Ping.
The vajra’s body only shook a few times, but nothing happened!
Looking at Chen Ping who was buried by the rocks, Qin Xiaotian froze: “This …… is so unbeatable? Isn’t it a bit fast?”
Chen Ping was able to kill Qin Feng and also his powerful henchman, Wild Wolf, so he was definitely not a generalist, how could he die so easily?
Could it be that he knew for sure he wouldn’t be able to escape and didn’t want to be caught and tortured, so he chose to die like this?
Yes! It must be!
After Qin Xiaotian understood, he looked up in the direction of his home: “My son, I have avenged you, I will now bring you Chen Ping’s head and place it in front of you!”