The Pill Refining Sect!
At this moment, in Chen Ping’s Divine Peasant Cauldron, the aroma continued to overflow, and soon accompanied by a burst of flame, an Evil Pill Pill had been practiced!
Yue Buqun looked at the time and said with a face full of surprise, “Twenty-seven minutes, Brother Chen’s Evil-Preventing Dan has been practiced!”
And looking at that Bao Yu Kun, the furnace fire had just adjusted its temperature and the herbs inside the potion furnace were still the same as before!
“Haha, Old Bao, you’re not good at this technique, Brother Chen has finished refining it, you’re not even halfway through.”
Yue Buqun sneered at Bao Yuqun!
Bao Yukun’s eyes were filled with disbelief, he got up and went forward, “Impossible, how can you refine the Evil-Preventing Pill in less than half an hour?”
“Could this be a fake, did you prepare the pills in advance?”
Bao Yu Kun wanted to see the Evil-Preventing Pill in Chen Ping’s hand, but Chen Ping threw it to him without hesitation!
“This elixir is made from your herbs, so it’s for you!”
Chen Ping said very generously.
It was only a third-order elixir, it was not precious, and to Chen Ping, as long as he had the herbs, he could refine it anytime!
Bao Yukun took the Evil-Preventing Pill, looked at it again and again, and then dropped it straight into his mouth!
Up until this point, Bao Yu Kun’s face still held a strong look of disbelief!
“How about it, is it fake? Your alchemy just can’t beat Brother Chen’s ……”
Yue Buqun asked.
Bao Yu Kun didn’t say anything, the shock inside him still made him not react for a while!
Only to see Bao Yukun’s pair of eyes staring deadly at Chen Ping, and glancing at that divine Nong Ding every now and then!
“It seems that this Shennong Cauldron is indeed powerful, or else it would be impossible for you to practice the Evil-Preventing Pill within half an hour.”
Bao Yu Kun didn’t think that Chen Ping’s alchemy was right for a cow, it should all be due to that Shennong Cauldron.
Now Bao Yu Kun was even more fond of the Shennong Cauldron.
“Old Bao, losing is losing, don’t make excuses, don’t forget what you promised Brother Chen, to lend him the Regeneration Spring.”
Yue Buqun said to Bao Yukun.
“Hmph, he’s kind of speculating, just now he didn’t dare to admit that this Shennong Cauldron is real, is he afraid that if he doesn’t let you use the Cauldron, you won’t be able to refine a potion?”
Bao Yukun coldly snorted.
Looking at Bao Yu Kun like that, Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Then, I don’t count this time, you continue refining, I’ll find something else to refine, if I refine slower than you, I’ll leave right away!”
When Bao Yu Kun saw Chen Ping say this, his face was instantly filled with anger, “What do you mean? Are you doubting my ability to refine pills?”
Chen Ping, however, shook his head, “Not doubting you, but looking down on you ……”
“You …………” Bao Yukun’s face turned red with anger, “Good boy, I will make you regret it.”
After saying that, Bao Yu Kun then pinched his fingers and the flames under the dan furnace grew even more vigorous!
“Brother Chen, what are you doing? It is clear that you have won.”
Yue Buqun asked in disbelief.
“I will make him completely convinced.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly found a copper basin and threw it on the ground, then his figure flickered away!
Within a short while, Chen Ping re-found the herbs and began to throw them into the copper basin to refine the pills!
Yue Buqun’s face was full of surprise when he saw that Chen Ping didn’t use a pottery furnace, but just found an old copper pot!
When that Bao Yu Kun saw this, he laughed, “Kid, you are really crazy, are you going to use this broken copper basin to compete with me in alchemy?”
Chen Ping looked at Bao Yu Kun’s appearance and ignored him, instead, he flipped his hand and a spirit fire appeared, then he threw it into the herbs and slowly burned them up!
Even with the copper basin, after ten minutes, the same medicinal fragrance came out from the copper basin, the aroma was overflowing, making Yue Buqun at the side smell very comfortable.
When Bao Yu Kun saw this, he was sweating profusely and was considered to be in a real panic.