“Let’s go ……”
Qin Xiaolin finished and said towards the two underlings.
The two Qin family underlings helped each other to stand up and followed Qin Xiaolin’s lead as he walked out.
Seeing Qin Xiaolin lead his men away, no one at the door dared to stop them.
“My account, no one has ever dared to owe ……”
Just as Qin Xiaolin was pa*sing in front of Chen Ping with his two men, Chen Ping suddenly struck out.
However, Chen Ping did not attack towards Qin Xiaolin, but directly towards the two men behind Qin Xiaolin.
Boom Boom ……
After two muffled sounds, only to see the two men Qin Xiaolin had brought with him, their heads were directly blown off, not even having time to react.
“Since you don’t want to pay for it, then use the lives of your men to pay for it …………”
As soon as Chen Ping let go of his hand, the two men of Qin Xiaolin all fell to the ground, each with their eyes wide open, dead in their eyes ……
“You …………”
When Qin Xiaolin saw this, his anger rose up.
Chen Ping then looked at Lin Tianhu: “Withdraw everyone, no need to wait for tomorrow, we are going to do it today ……”
Chen Ping knew that if he and Qin Xiaolin were to make a move, they would not have the ability to care about others, even the aftermath of the two fighting, they were afraid that it would hurt many people.
Lin Tianhu also knew that they couldn’t help Chen Ping at all by staying behind, thinking that for a battle of this level, they, the so-called sect masters, were afraid that there was no way to intervene.
Qin Xiaolin looked at Chen Ping who had set up his stance and intended to fight to the death, suddenly withdrew the anger from his body and looked at Chen Ping coldly: “Tomorrow I will make you lose your reputation and die at my feet in front of many colleagues from the martial arts world ……… …”
After Qin Xiaolin finished speaking, he turned around and left, disappearing in just one long stride.
Qin Xiaolin did not follow Chen Ping’s hand, he was planning to let the crowd see Chen Ping’s miserable state tomorrow to avenge his own son’s murder.
Qin Xiaolin left, but the strength Qin Xiaolin had just shown made the crowd worry about Chen Ping’s fight tomorrow.
As Su Yuqi looked at the two corpses on the ground, her internal organs churned and she forced herself not to throw up.
She was just an ordinary person and had seen less of such bloody scenes.
Looking at Su Yuqi that way, Chen Ping hurriedly blocked in front of Su Yuqi and held Su Yuqi in his arms, “Don’t look, go home ……”
Chen Ping gave a wink towards Lin Tianhu, who immediately ordered people to carry the body away and the scene was simply cleaned up.
Su Yuqi shook her head in Chen Ping’s arms, “No, I am not afraid, in the future I will also be a martial artist, so I will also have to kill people, if I am afraid now, how else can I help you ……”
Hearing Su Yuqi’s words, Chen Ping was moved, but now was not the time to let Su Yuqi cultivate, besides he didn’t have that ability, he would wait until after he met Long Wu.
“Go home, I can’t cultivate at ease with you here, do you want to see me defeated tomorrow ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Su Yuqi hurriedly broke away from Chen Ping’s arms and covered Chen Ping’s mouth with her jade hand and said, “Blah blah blah, no nonsense, how can you be defeated, I won’t allow you to be defeated …………”
“Yuqi, let’s not disturb Chen Ping here, let him cultivate for a little longer, his chances of winning will be better, go back and I’ll teach you luck ……”
Gu Ling’er said to Su Yuqi.
Su Yuqi nodded and left after giving Chen Ping a worried look.
After the crowd dispersed, looking at the still somewhat messy hall, Chen Ping walked into his bedroom with a heavy heart.
Chen Ping, who had already reached the incipient stage, had no problem not eating or drinking for a month, so he sat directly on his bed with his knees crossed, originally wanting to cultivate, but unfortunately the thin spiritual qi made him unable to raise any interest at all.
Finally Chen Ping lay down on the bed and slowly took out the bronze mirror, constantly thinking about his identity, there were many things he didn’t understand, but unfortunately that Long Wu just wouldn’t tell him.
Now Chen Ping could only hope desperately for the arrival of the 15th day of the 7th month, only on the 15th day of the 7th month would Chen Ping be able to know his own birth.