“Go to hell ……”
Chen Ping’s body instantly disappeared and arrived in front of Guo Wei immediately afterwards.
“Divine Power Body Protection ……”
Guo Wei shouted angrily, and immediately afterwards, the seal on his chest began to flash out continuously, and Guo Wei’s body became very hard in an instant.
Boom!
Chen Ping smashed his fist fiercely on Guo Wei’s chest.
Guo Wei’s body instantly flew backwards, cracks appeared on his hard body, and the mark on his chest began to fade!
“How is that possible?”
Guo Wei’s body fell heavily to the ground, blood spilling out from the corner of his mouth.
He could not believe that Chen Ping could defeat himself with such contempt nowadays.
He had to know that a few months ago, in Guo Wei’s eyes, Chen Ping was not even a mole, and he did not even bother to look at Chen Ping with a straight face.
“What else are you capable of?”
Chen Ping looked at Guo Wei coldly, a rigid killing intent radiating from his body.
Guo Wei felt the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, and he knew that he could only follow Chen Ping’s path of fighting for his life.
“Kid, today you and I must die one by one, but the young man who can force me to this extent, you are the first ……”
Guo Wei said, slowly raising his hands and reciting the words in his mouth.
Immediately afterwards Guo Wei’s face began to become hideous, his five senses actually twisted together.
The seal on his chest emitted a glow which instantly spread to Guo Wei’s entire body.
Guo Wei’s veins bulged all over his body, and the veins on his forehead even bulged out one by one.
Slowly, Guo Wei’s entire body seemed to begin to become transparent, with each blood vessel clearly visible, even the flow of blood could be seen!
Soon, no blood vessels could be seen on Guo Wei’s body, only vague outlines remained!
“Invisibility?”
Chen Ping looked at the slowly disappearing Guo Wei and frowned slightly.
Chen Ping hurriedly slashed his palms towards mid-air, and an aura, visible to the naked eye, directly enveloped the surroundings.
Chen Ping was afraid that Guo Wei would use his invisibility to escape.
This invisibility technique was different from those island samurai’s ninjutsu, which were, to put it bluntly, blinders used.
A true stealth technique, on the other hand, was one that could merge the body with heaven and earth and even hide the breath without revealing a single flaw.
“Did you think I would escape?”
At this moment, Guo Wei’s voice rang out in Chen Ping’s ears, “You underestimate me too much, I won’t leave until I kill you ……”
“I told you, you can’t kill me with this ability ……”
Although Chen Ping could no longer see where Guo Wei was, there was no hint of panic.
Although Guo Wei’s body had disappeared, Guo Wei’s aura was still there.
As long as Guo Wei made a move, he was bound to expose his aura, unless he kept his hands off Chen Ping, but if he didn’t, how could he kill Chen Ping?
“Arrogant, then I’ll let you see my real bottom card, even if I can’t kill you, but I’ll consume you to death ……”
Guo Wei said it, and suddenly swung a fist viciously towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping felt Guo Wei’s breath coming from the side, so he met it with a fist!
Boom …………
There was a shaking of the ground and Guo Wei’s body was faintly revealed, but then it disappeared again!
Boom boom boom …………
Guo Wei began to attack Chen Ping repeatedly!
Chen Ping was all able to meet Guo Wei’s fists accurately.
“Are you trying to use this method to deplete the energy in my body?” Chen Ping let out a cold laugh, “If so, then you are very wrong, my jin qi is abundant while you are at the end of your strength ……”
With every punch, Chen Ping could feel Guo Wei’s power weakening!
“Hahahaha, my jin qi is as vast as the sea, everything in heaven and earth, is for me ……”
Guo Wei laughed out loud, and immediately afterwards, he saw the surrounding trees start to shake.
Immediately afterwards countless crystal clear rays of light flew out from the trees and converged onto Guo Wei’s body.