And now in the blink of an eye, they’re all gone, not a single one left, and they’re all pissed out of their wits!
What’s going on here?
You know that those demonic beasts, any one of them is many times bigger than the little Fire Qilin, yet they ran away in fear!
“Mr Chen, you’re too good, is that your latest pet?”
Ochre Yan asked adoringly!
“Sort of, it’s just a small divine beast, nothing to show off!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Divine beast?
Boom ……
This sentence was like a thunderbolt from a clear sky, bombarding everyone present!
This was a divine beast?
How could Chen Ping say it so lightly?
Di Chongjing, on the other hand, was staring with wide eyes as he finally understood why those demonic beasts turned their heads in fear and ran away!
This was a divine beast, even if its body was small, it was still a divine beast, it was not something that these demonic beasts could fight against!
It was like a young immortal coming down from the Heavenly Realm, even if his age was young, it was not something that these cultivators in the Celestial Realm could fight against!
To know that many people, as soon as they were born, were in Rome, while many people who struggled for their entire lives were still looking for a drop to Rome, this was the gap!
That little Fire Qilin was a Divine Beast at birth and possessed Divine Skills!
It was simply not something that these demonic beasts of the Celestial Realm could compare to, even if these demonic beasts had been cultivating for many years, it would be impossible to follow the Divine Beasts and fight against them!
“Fellow Daoist, you have a divine beast and a token from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, although I don’t know your identity, you are definitely not simple.”
“Today’s matter ends here, I’ll bring my people away immediately, and I also hope that you’ll be magnanimous!”
Di Chongjing conceded!
If he couldn’t exterminate the Soul Demon Sect this time and take revenge, then he would wait for the next time when Chen Ping was not around!
He knew that if he continued, he might have to account for all of them here!
“You can fight whenever you want and leave whenever you want, what do you take the Soul Demon Sect for?”
“I’m not happy with the way I look at you right now, so I need to get rid of the anger in my heart before I can do so.”
Chen Ping said coldly!
“Fellow Taoist, if you do leave a thread, you will meet again in the future ……”
Di Chongjing’s eyes narrowed slightly, revealing a fierce look!
“See your mother, do you still have a later date? Just by the fact that you are dealing with the Soul Demon Sect today, there is no way that I am going to be able to let you live.”
Chen Ping spat and said!
“You want to kill me?”The aura on Di Chongjing’s body erupted, ready to respond at any time!
“Not just you, everyone you brought with you must die.”
Chen Ping said coldly, from the moment he took out the Little Fire Qilin, Di Chongjing and these people were destined to die!
There was no way Chen Ping would let outsiders know about the divine beast in his possession, or else he would become even more of a target in the Celestial Realm!
“Senior brother, do you have to kill me today?”
Di Chongjing turned his gaze towards Patriarch Jiang!
He knew that as long as Patriarch Jiang said something, then he would be able to leave!
After all, this was his grudge following Patriarch Jiang, following Chen Ping did not have much to do with it!
“Di Chongjing, you have done many evil deeds, and you also tried to kill my entire clan today, and even more so, you tried to霍霍霍 my daughter, if I don’t kill you, heaven will not tolerate it.”
Patriarch Jiang would not let Di Chongjing go for the sake of his fellow sect members!
“Senior brother, you say that I’m evil, but which of us, master and brothers, aren’t unscrupulous for our own interests?”
“I’ll tell you the truth, it was Eldest Brother and Second Brother’s idea for me to find my way here to you today, and I’m going to have to share a portion of all the resources I’ve obtained from you with them.”
Di Chongjing said to Patriarch Jiang!
Patriarch Jiang’s body trembled slightly, then his face was full of grimace as he said, “You’re farting, Eldest Brother and Second Brother would never be like this, they’ve long been in seclusion for many years now, and they don’t ask for anything anymore.”
“Hahaha, of the four of us senior brothers, you’re the only one who still keeps any broken rules, and it’s because of this that your strength is so low.