Liu Rui froze and looked at Chen Ping somewhat unbelievably!
“Mr. Chen …… this …… Tong Ling fruit is a priceless treasure, you …… are letting me eat it?”
Liu Rui couldn’t believe that Chen Ping would share the Tong Ling fruit with himself, and more than one of them!
“Of course, we just have to improve our strength as soon as possible to get out of here!”
“Six Spiritual Fruits, three for each of us, hopefully these three will help us all break through!”
With these words, Chen Ping separated the Spiritual Fruits!
Looking at the Spiritual Fruits in front of her, Liu Rui felt like she was dreaming, knowing that she hadn’t done anything on her journey, and that Chen Ping had even been seriously injured to save herself, but now she was giving him so many Spiritual Fruits!
“Mr. Chen, I have mediocre qualifications, I don’t think I can absorb so many spiritual fruits, so you should eat more ……”
The first time, Liu Rui took another one to Chen Ping, so Chen Ping had four, while Liu Rui only had two herself!
This time, Chen Ping didn’t excuses himself, but urged, “I don’t know how long this Tong Ling tree can last, let’s cultivate it quickly!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly threw a Tong Ling fruit into his mouth and swallowed it quickly.
In an instant, Chen Ping felt the Spiritual Fruit turn into a force that began to move around his body!
Chen Ping felt the pores in his body opening up instantly as this power began to quench his body!
Chen Ping began to channel and refine this power as he activated his Heart Concentration Technique!
Chen Ping closed his eyes and concentrated, and began to cultivate as fast as he could!
As the power of the Spiritual Fruit was refined, Chen Ping’s wounds healed at a speed visible to the naked eye, and the Qi in his body rose higher and higher!
Whenever the power of a Tong Ling fruit was refined, Chen Ping would immediately swallow another Tong Ling fruit!
When Chen Ping had swallowed two Tong Ling Fruits, Liu Rui’s power from one Tong Ling Fruits had not yet been completely refined!
Looking at Chen Ping’s speed, Liu Rui couldn’t help but be amazed.
Moreover, the aura of Chen Ping’s body also began to change. With the two Spiritual Fruits in his stomach, Chen Ping’s strength instantly broke through to a Ninth Grade Martial Saint!
Chen Ping felt his body lighten up and the spiritual energy within his body became more abundant!
“Ninth Grade Martial Saint, the next step is to attack the Martial God realm ……”
Chen Ping looked at the Tong Ling fruit in front of him and took a deep breath!
Now only if he broke through to the Martial God realm, then he would no longer have to fear those people on the outside!
The first time he thought of this, Chen Ping once again did not hesitate to put the Spiritual Fruit into his mouth!
This time, Chen Ping’s refining speed was even faster, and it only took him an hour or so to refine all five of them.
And at this time, outside, Tong Youcai and the others had tried every possible way, but they still couldn’t open the round ball on the tree!
“Hoo …………”
Chen Ping let out a heavy breath, the four Lingering Fruits had only brought Chen Ping’s strength to the peak of the Ninth Grade Martial Saint!
It was only one step away from the Martial God realm!
“Hey, this technique is too resource-intensive ……”
Chen Ping sighed helplessly, if it were anyone else, a single Tong Ling fruit would have already broken through to the Martial God realm!
However, Chen Ping had four spiritual fruits, but he was only at the peak of Martial Saint, still one step away from Martial God!
Chen Ping glanced at Liu Rui and found that her aura had also become stronger, so she should be able to reach the fifth rank of Martial God, but Liu Rui had only consumed one Tong Ling Fruits, and there was still one more in front of her face!
Chen Ping felt the strength inside his body, which had grown many times stronger, and felt that he could take on Tong Youcai and the others, and even if he was defeated, it would be easy to escape!
Chen Ping tried to open the orb that was trapping them, but no matter what he did, he couldn’t move a single inch! -Chen Ping