At this moment, everyone became nervous, only Chen Ping and the others had excitement in their eyes.
They knew that the beast pellets inside this tiger demon were the best resources for cultivation, so if they could come across a few more strong beasts, it would be worth the trip.
Chen Ping couldn’t help but put his eyes on Ge Yuhan, because Ge Yuhan knew beast mastery, if he could subdue this tiger demon, then they would have another helper on their journey!
At that moment, a huge tiger demon slowly appeared with a steady stride.
Upon seeing the tiger demon appear, both that High Priest and Daniel’s crowd all paled, each one flashing their weapons and standing at attention!
“A tiger demon of the Great Martial Marquis realm, it seems that there is really something good here, or else there wouldn’t be a demonic beast of such strength guarding it ……”
Seeing the cultivation level of this tiger demon, Chen Ping’s eyes shone brightly!
On the contrary, that Ge Yuhan frowned: “This is not a mountain protection spirit beast ……”
Chen Ping was stunned, then looked at Ge Yuhan: “What do you mean?”
“This tiger demon is not a spiritual beast that guards the ruins, but one that someone has raised, not a wild beast ……”
Ge Yuhan explained.
“Bred?” Chen Ping instantly thought of what Pocky Hu had just said, about the relic being short-changed.
Now it seemed that then this tiger demon was bred by someone, and that the person who bred it must be the one who had entered the relic first.
In order to prevent others from entering the ruins again, the tiger demon was released, and then the news was spread to stop the crowd from approaching.
At this point, Chen Ping became very curious about the person who had been the first to enter the ruins.
To be able to breed a pet with the strength of a Great Martial Marquis, how huge should the strength of that deal be!
“Roar …………”
When the tiger demon saw Chen Ping and the others not move, it bared its teeth and roared once more!
This roar contained an extremely terrifying aura, and several people from the Burning Heaven Divine Sect who were of low strength were instantly shaken by this roar, causing their internal organs to instantly churn and blood to continuously gush out of their mouths!
In the end, they actually died outright, unexpectedly being roared to death by the tiger demon’s roar.
Daniel looked at his dead men with a surprisingly ugly look on his face!
And the rest, although they had weapons in their hands, their bodies were shaking like sieves!
Only the High Priest had a little composure, though his forehead was also covered with cold sweat.
“High priest, this …… is a tiger demon of great martial strength, we …… are afraid we are no match for it …… ”
Daniel said to the high priest with a face full of panic.
These people are only the strength of the Great Martial Sect, or Martial Marquis, none of them can reach the Great Martial Marquis!
The strongest strength of the High Priest was only the peak of Martial Marquis, and he was not even a match for that Tiger Demon.
“A tiger demon with the strength of a Grand Martial Marquis, we are indeed no match ……”
The High Priestess knew that demonic beasts and humans of the same level of strength were stronger than human ones.
At this moment, this Great Martial Marquis strength Tiger Demon was something that they could never deal with.
“High Priest, what should we do? What should we do?”
Daniel panicked, since the High Priestess said that they were no match, they would be waiting for death!
The High Priest did not say anything, feeling the terrifying aura of the tiger demon in front of him, and after a moment said, “We can only bypa*s this tiger demon.”
“Bypa*s, how can we bypa*s? This tiger demon is afraid that it is faster than even us ……”
Daniel did not understand how the High Priestess was going to bypa*s this Tiger Demon.
A sinister look appeared on the High Priest’s face as he said, “Isn’t there someone else following us?”
Daniel froze, but instantly understood what the high priest meant.
“Could it be that the High Priestess wants these people to deal with the tiger demon?”
Daniel asked.