At this moment, above the ring, six residual spirits surrounded Chen Ping, and with the aura of Feng Wuxing, they were constantly pressing towards Chen Ping!
This instantly put Chen Ping at a disadvantage, as he was now one against seven.
Since Wind Moon Valley had revealed their cards, I was afraid that Chen Ping would find it difficult to leave today.
“Wind Realm Smoke, how did your Wind Moon Valley come up with so many Remnant Souls? Could it be that you also have the means to refine residual souls and are evil cultivators?”
Jiang Wu Ya questioned loudly at Feng Jing Yan!
After all, refining residual souls was frowned upon by the immortal cultivation world, and only evil cultivators would do such a thing!
Now that Wind Moon Valley had revealed six remnant souls all at once, it would definitely draw questions from the crowd!
“Is having a remnant soul an evil cultivator? These remnant souls are my spoils of war, no?”
Wind Realm Smoke snorted coldly, obviously having already thought of a countermeasure!
Since he dared to let Feng Wuxing reveal the remnant souls, he wasn’t afraid of these people asking after him!
“Well, I know about Wind Moon Valley’s Remnant Soul, they got it from exterminating an evil cultivation group.”
“But in order to deal with a person from the secular world, the Wind and Moon Valley even used the remnant soul, that’s really looking up to him!”
Yu Qian said with an expressionless face.
Wind Realm Smoke didn’t say anything, he didn’t dare to be too reckless in front of Yu Qian!
“Old Ge, I’m afraid that Mr. Chen will be in trouble now.”
Jiang Wu Ya whispered to Ge Cansheng!
Ge Cansheng’s heart was already burning with anxiety at this moment, he didn’t expect that Wind Moon Valley had residual souls, and for a mere competition, he had even released all the residual souls!
“Master Yu, this is just a competition, this Wind Moon Valley has released all the remnant souls, isn’t it to put people to death?”
“I think …………”
Ge Cansheng wanted to speak after Yu Qian, so that Yu Qian could give Chen Ping the go-ahead!
But Yu Qian didn’t wait for Ge Cansheng to finish, but he waved his hand and said, “Using a remnant soul to fight is not against the rules, just like that Chen Ping using the treasures on his body to fight is the same.”
“If you are afraid that that Chen Ping is in danger, you can let him admit defeat now, and I can guarantee that that Feng Wuxing will not dare to strike again!”
Seeing this, Ge Cansheng could only sigh helplessly, then with a point of his toes, his body floated straight down from the top of the high platform!
“Mr. Chen, it’s just a match, there’s no need to fight to the death, just admit defeat if you can’t!”
Ge Cansheng was persuading Chen Ping to concede defeat!
After all, it didn’t matter if he admitted defeat, he could still continue to fight later, as long as he didn’t lose three matches!
Chen Ping glanced at the smug looking Feng Wuhen, then said to Ge Cansheng, “Don’t worry, Clan Elder Ge, if I said I’d beat the sh*t out of him, I’ll do it, and now since this kid is an evil cultivator, not only will I beat the sh*t out of him, I’ll make him eat it.”
Chen Ping was facing Feng Wuxing and the six remnant souls, and he didn’t seem to be afraid at all.
Seeing Chen Ping say this, Ge Cansheng could only back off helplessly, he wouldn’t dare to order Chen Ping around!
“Dad, do you think Mr. Chen can win? I see that he is very confident!”
Ge Yuhan asked in a small voice to Ge Cansheng.
Ge Cansheng shook his head, “I don’t know, I don’t know if there are still secrets in Mr. Chen that I don’t know about!”
“He still has a Flaming Tiger, if he releases the Flaming Tiger, won’t he have a chance of winning?”
Ge Yuhan asked!
“This remnant soul is illusory, although the Flaming Tiger is powerful, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to use my strength to deal with this remnant soul, it depends on whether Mr. Chen has the means to deal with the remnant soul.”
Ge Cang Sheng sighed helplessly!
At this moment, hearing that Chen Ping was going to beat the sh*t out of him and make him eat it, Feng Wu Heng couldn’t say how furious he was!
“Kid, I won’t kill you today, but I will definitely make your life worse than death, I will make you become my puppet, I will make you kneel in front of me forever!”
Feng Wu Heng gritted his teeth, the corners of his eyes twitching, the anger in his eyes burning brightly!