But directly grab over, Chen Ping still feel a little wrong, after all, directly just become the master of the door, then grab under the hands of things, will be many disciples in the door resentment!
But this spirit pen Chen Ping and very like, and for Chen Ping, have this spirit pen in, he engraved the divine pattern can be twice as effective with half the effort!
Looking at Peng Wu, who was continuously carving formation patterns and laying down large formations, Chen Ping suddenly saw a bright light in front of his eyes!
‘Sect Master Peng, this kind of competition is not exciting at all, why don’t we raise the stakes and have something exciting.’
Chen Ping said to Peng Wu!
‘Add what stakes?’ Peng Wu stopped his stance and saw Chen Ping and asked!
‘I see that you have a good spirit pen in your hand, let’s make a bet that I can break through your three great formations in one incense stick of time.’
‘If I break open in one incense stick, you will give me the spirit pen in your hand, and I will be the master of this sect.’
‘If I don’t break open, then the Sect Master will still be you, and I guarantee that the position of Sect Master in the future will always be yours.’
Chen Ping said!
‘What did you say? One incense stick time to break my three great formations?’
Peng Wu’s face was very ugly as he snorted coldly, ‘Not to mention one incense stick, you may not be able to break my three formations in a day’s time.’
‘I can agree to your bet, only that you are a small person, you said that you would let me keep the position of Sect Master forever, can your words count?’
Peng Wu didn’t believe that Chen Ping could break his formation with a single incense stick, only that he didn’t quite believe Chen Ping’s words!
After all, it wasn’t like Chen Ping of the Two Yi Sect had said it counted, it only counted if the Divine Ripple Ancestor gave his word!
‘I said, of course it doesn’t count, Senior Brother Bai is here to testify, if I lose, I will have the Divine Ripple Elder Ancestor change the rules, and the position of the Sect Master will always be yours.’
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he looked at Bai Chicory and said, ‘Senior Brother Bai, say something ……’
Bai Chicory knew what Chen Ping was going to do, wanting spirit coins and being too embarrassed to rob them openly, that was why he made this bet!
‘Sect Master Peng, I can take the place of my master and agree to this bet from Chen Ping.’
Bai Chicory said!
Seeing that White Chicory had said so, Peng Wu’s face immediately revealed a look of triumph!
It was simply impossible to break through his three formations in one incense stick time!
‘Good, in that case, I promise you!’ Peng Wu was filled with confidence!
In the future, this Sect Master position would never need to be nominated again, as long as he wanted to do it, it would always be his!
Seeing Peng Wu promise, Chen Ping secretly breathed a sigh of relief, if this fellow did not promise, then he could only rob it himself!
Only to see the spirit pen in Peng Wu’s hand waving once again, a formation pattern continuously flashed in the void!
Soon, three formations appeared above the martial arts arena!
All three formations were constantly flickering with light, appearing and disappearing, looking as if they were three separate formations, yet they had a hidden connection!
‘Senior brother, these three formations are not simple, they seem to be independent, but they are connected, you have to be careful.’
White Chicory could see the formation’s subtleties and then whispered a reminder to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping just smiled, but did not say anything!
Peng Wu on the other hand was full of confidence, ‘Please put, one incense stick time, I’ll see how you break these three formations of mine!’
‘Light the incense ……’
Peng Wu gave an order and an incense was lit!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, jumped to the martial arts field and surveyed the three formations, if he searched for where the eyes of the formations were and broke these three formations, one incense stick of time was simply not enough!
Moreover, these three formations could of hidden the location of the eye of the formation, even if one found out the location of the eye of the formation, but since the three formations were connected, after breaking one, the other formation would immediately change!
‘Sect Master Peng is worthy of being a genius of formations, these three formations appear to be independent, yet they are closely connected, breaking any one of them will cause the other two to change in structure.’
‘If once you find the wrong location where the eye of the formation is located, all three formations will change at the same time, and then all the work done in the beginning will be for nothing.’
Chen Ping complimented Peng Wu!