The green-clothed middle-aged man quickly condensed a shield in front of himself, wanting to use it to defend himself against Chen Ping’s attack!
Roar …………
The golden dragon roared, and the few sword awnings that the green clothed middle-aged man had swung out, unexpectedly became instantly crumbled under the impact of this golden dragon!
At the same time, the entire void tumbled, as if heaven and earth melted into one colour, while everyone was placed under Chen Ping’s majesty!
“Kill ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious shout that resounded through the heavens and earth, and the golden dragon let out a hissing roar as it headed towards that green-clothed middle-aged man!
A shield laid down by that green-clothed middle-aged man unexpectedly collapsed under this golden dragon, destroying it!
The green-clothed middle-aged man’s eyes were filled with horror, and his heart almost stopped beating as he watched that golden dragon close at hand.
“What kind of person are you? What kind of person are you in the end? What kind of power is this?”
The green-clothed middle-aged man’s face was filled with doubt!
This was because the power that Chen Ping had erupted had already exceeded the realm of spiritual power, and it contained multiple powers!
There were even several types of Origin Power among them!
It was important to know that even for a Transition Realm cultivator, it was very difficult to perceive an Origin, and opening up an Origin space was an existence that was not found in a million miles, let alone perceiving several Origins!
Right now, he had actually sensed the power of several origins from Chen Ping’s power, and amongst them, there was also a power that was unknown to him!
In fact, that unknown power was the power of the Divine Dragon!
The power of the Divine Dragon was the main force, and the power of the Origin was the secondary force!
Chen Ping’s reason for exploding all of his means was to kill in one blow, if he were to spend a long time, it would be troublesome!
“I will not be killed by you ……”
The green-clothed middle-aged man roared angrily as a gourd suddenly appeared in his hand, which began to emanate a heaven-devouring suction force!
The golden dragon, being unprepared, was actually directly sucked into that gourd!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping then frowned slightly!
“Hahaha, no matter what you are capable of, as long as I have the Heaven Swallowing Gourd in my hand, everything can be swallowed away for you ……”
Seeing the golden dragon being sucked away by the Heaven Swallowing Gourd, the green-clothed middle-aged man laughed out loud!
Chen Ping looked at the gourd in that guy’s hand and knew that this gourd was definitely not a mortal object, it should be of the Heavenly Realm Spiritual Treasure Artifact category!
After all, the Celestial Realm had once been the land of multiple divine and demonic battlefields, so it was only natural that some immortals’ spiritual treasures and magic artefacts would fall and be picked up!
“Don’t be too happy ……”
Chen Ping said, the Dragon Slaying Sword in his hand was raised once again, the power of the divine dragon surrounded the Dragon Slaying Sword, and a golden dragon was once again generated!
When the green-clothed middle-aged man saw it, he immediately looked panicked!
The golden dragon generated by Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword was nothing more than the cohesive power of the Divine Dragon, it was not a real golden dragon, so even if the middle-aged man in green had the Heaven Swallowing Gourd in his hand, it would be of little use!
The golden dragon roared once again, and the green-clothed middle-aged man opened the Heaven Swallowing Gourd in a panic!
The golden dragon was once again sucked in, and the green-clothed middle-aged man’s face showed smugness!
But soon, the smile froze on his face, because after that golden dragon, several sword awns instantly pierced his body!
The golden dragon just now was just a cover, after the golden dragon, those several sword awns were the killing moves!
Looking at his pierced body, the green-clothed middle-aged man stared blankly at his body, his eyes filled with incredulity!
“How could this happen? How could this happen?”
The green-clothed middle-aged man simply couldn’t believe that he had been pierced through the heart by the sword awn so easily!
“Eldest Senior Brother ……”
Those from the Skywolf Sect were all shocked when they saw their Eldest Senior Brother being pierced through his body!
Puff …………
A mouthful of blood gushed out, and the breath on the green clothed middle-aged man’s body was draining away at a rapid pace!
He looked at Chen Ping incredulously, and in the end, his face became hideous!
“Even if I die, I will pull you on my back ……”
The gourd in the middle-aged man in green’s hand began to emit light and grew in size once again!