“This ancient tomb that we found should only be one of these seven stars! Because of too much time and the vicissitudes of the sea, even the momentum of this mountain water pattern has dissipated with it, which exposed it and was discovered by me.”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping could not help but sigh, even this fake tomb was repaired in such a spectacular and majestic manner, it was truly remarkable.
“Since it’s a fake tomb, there shouldn’t be any danger, right? Let’s go in and see what treasures there are and just take them away.”
Chen Ping asked to Pocky Hu.
Ling Hu Pocky shook his head, “In this tomb, there are seven patterns, look carefully, somewhere in these seven patterns is where the treasures are really placed in this tomb.”
“What, so troublesome?” Chen Ping was astonished!
This mausoleum was repaired with the pattern of seven stars swallowing the sun, and it was unexpected that within the ancient tomb, it was still this pattern, just like a set of dolls, with one ring over the other.
“Now we just have to take our time looking, and hope we get lucky.”
Hu Ma Zi said.
“Then can you find those other six tombs?”
Chen Ping asked.
Hu Ma Zi paused, then said, “As for the remaining six mausoleums, as long as this mountain water pattern trend doesn’t disappear, even I would have a hard time finding them, unless it’s a more powerful master than me!”
Chen Ping stopped talking, he had never met a master who was more powerful than this Hu Pazi, in this area of cave searching and tomb exploration, even the most famous Hu Bayi in Kyoto was not a star and a half inferior to Hu Pazi.
Chen Ping followed Hu Pazi as he continued to walk in. The interior of the tomb was huge, and there was something else inside.
It was like a cave within a cave, another small world!
After walking for another ten minutes, Chen Ping followed Hu Pazi to a piece of water, where the water was inky black and there was no way to see the water, and in the middle of the water, there was an island!
Looking from where they were standing, they found a small, verdant green tree growing on top of the island.
This pale green tree had extremely narrow branches, and all through its body, up and down, it took on an emerald green colour.
The branches were not very tall, only a metre or so high, but the branches of this emerald green tree were like an exquisite work of art.
From a distance, one could smell a dark fragrance wafting from this verdant green tree.
This is like a dead pool of water, and there is no telling what is hidden beneath the surface of this inky black water.
“Green Leaf Chi ……”
Once he saw this island, this green tree that seemed to be enveloped by a mysterious power and shallowly hidden, a look of shock appeared on Hu Ma Zi’s face, this was a high grade spirit gra*s called Green Leaf Chi.
It could be seen that it had been transplanted and planted here by the owner of this ancient tomb, and underneath the roots of this tree, there was even a shallow side of spiritual soil.
This spiritual gra*s, on top of ordinary soil, would not be able to survive at all.
This spiritual soil, pale green in colour and granular in shape, was like the cleanest green sand.
Just that small side of spiritual soil is actually worth a lot of money.
Even a grain of spiritual soil is more precious than a grain of gold! But unfortunately, not many people had seen such things today.
“Good stuff.”
Chen Ping’s breath caught, at the first sight of this object, Chen Ping knew that it was a treasure!
Hundreds of meters apart, Chen Ping could feel the spiritual qi emanating from that Green Leaf Chi, the kind of spiritual qi that transcended all kinds of worldly things without a single impurity, to Chen Ping, it was simply a priceless treasure.
“I’ll go over and pick it over ……”
Chen Ping’s body leapt up, and then went straight to that Green Leaf Chi.
“Don’t be reckless, be careful ……”
Hu Ma Zi knew that around this kind of precious spiritual herb, there must be concealed weapons and organs, or fierce beasts protecting it, Chen Ping rushing over like this in such a bewildering manner would be dangerous.