Boom …………
A big crater was blasted out of the hard wall, but behind it was still green stone, it seemed that the wall was very thick.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping clenched his fists, and the spiritual energy within his dantian kept converging on his fists!
Boom …… Boom …… Boom …………
Three punches in a row, Chen Ping blasted out without reservation.
After these three punches, a gap was suddenly blasted out of the hard wall, followed by a fresh, cold air blowing in through that gap.
The sound of rushing water could be clearly heard, and there was even a faint glow shining in.
“This …… there is something behind this chamber?”
Dong Jiahao was overjoyed.
Chen Ping took the lead and drilled through the gap. Only after he drilled out of the burial chamber did he discover that it was actually a natural cave, which was large and had an underground river flowing slowly, emitting the sound of rushing water.
At the top of the cave, there were also patches of light shining in, making the inside of the cave not dim.
“I didn’t expect to walk into the mountain without realising it!”
Dong Jiahao looked at the huge cave and was amazed.
“Brother Chen, look at what’s there?”
At this moment, Zhao Barging hurriedly called out to Chen Ping, pointing his finger in the direction of the top of the cave.
Chen Ping looked in the direction of Zhao Barging’s finger and found that at the top of the cave, four arm-thick steel cables were hanging a bronze coffin, and because of its age, both the cables and the coffin had a thick layer of rust on them.
“Could this be the coffin of one of the emperors?” Dong Jiahao stared at the bronze coffin with wide eyes, “But why was the coffin put here? Could there be treasures inside the coffin?”
Chen Ping did not say anything, but looked carefully at the bronze coffin, and then swept a glance at the situation in the cave, and seemed to have a certain guess in his heart.
The winding underground river, pa*sing through the bottom of the bronze coffin, had experienced thousands of years of long flow, and if one looked down from mid-air, the underground river, like a winding dragon, was constantly twisting and turning its body.
“I’ll go up to the top of that bronze coffin and take a look ……”
Dong Jiahao could not resist the temptation and wanted to go up to the top of the bronze coffin to see what was going on.
Chen Ping pulled Dong Jiahao back, “Brother Dong, let’s be cautious, I always feel that there is something weird in this cave!”
“Chen Ping, aren’t you too cautious, such an empty cave, there is nothing but this bronze coffin!”
Dong Jiahao surveyed the surroundings, there was nothing at all.
But just as Chen Ping was about to say something else, suddenly a few more people burst out from the back of the crypt, none other than Long Xiao who had already left.
Looking at the bronze coffin above his head, Long Xiao’s face showed a touch of excitement, “Sure enough there is something behind this chamber, fortunately we didn’t leave ……”
Seeing Long Xiao go and return, Dong Jiahao had a disdainful look on his face, “If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, you guys could have found this place? It’s all trash ……”
Dong Jiahao’s words caused Long Xiao’s face to change slightly, but Long Xiao did not follow Dong Jiahao’s bickering and arguing, but fixed his gaze dead on the bronze coffin.
However, with Chen Ping and Dong Jiahao around, Long Xiao did not dare to go up to the bronze coffin to check it out easily.
Just when no one dared to make a rash move, there was a sudden sound of footsteps and from behind a huge boulder in the cave, Guo Wei came out with his men in tow.
“Hahahaha, Master Hu guessed it right, there is really something here ……”
Guo Wei looked at the huge cave and laughed excitedly.
Chen Ping and the others looked at Guo Wei and the others and all couldn’t help but laugh.
Dong Jiahao even laughed unabashedly, “Holy sh*t, what are you bunch of old guys up to? Even your clothes have been taken off ……”
Guo Wei and the others looked a bit wretched, their tops were gone, while some of them were still bruised and battered afterwards, so it was clear that they had experienced no small amount of difficulty in getting here.