“You’re not convinced?” Chen Ping asked icily!
“Not convinced!” Fire Fiend’s eyes widened, how could he possibly be convinced!
“Don’t say that I won’t give you a chance, now the two of us will fight one on one, if you win me, I will let you go.”
“If you can’t win, the outcome is up to you!”
Chen Ping looked at Fire Fury with cold eyes!
Fire Fury froze “Really?”
He did not believe that Chen Ping would dare to follow him in a single fight and release himself!
“Of course, provided that you can win against me ……”
Chen Ping nodded and said!
“Hahaha, you are too crazy ……”
“You’re a Harmonisation Realm Fourth Grade and you dare to say such big words!”
“Do you think you still have that old thing attached to you?”
Fire Fiend laughed as his steep breath erupted out.
The injuries on his body were all superficial, so they did not hurt his life!
Moreover, the reason why Chen Ping was so bullish in the Treasure Land was all because of that Ancient Body Refining Ancestor Fusion!
Now that he was out of that treasure land, he didn’t believe that Chen Ping could beat himself!
Chen Ping laughed coldly as the Origin of Fire blossomed steeply within his body.
He then violently flew up with a kick.
Bang!
This kick was solid, kicking at the Fire Fiend, directly sending him flying out hundreds of metres away.
Where it passed, it left a deep gully on the ground.
“Brat, sneak attacking me, looking for death.”
Fire Fiend rose from the ground, his face full of anger.
Fire Fiend got up and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, his eyes flickering sinisterly.
The long sword in his hand was raised, steeply manifesting a round of the moon of sword light, this huge moon shaped sword awn, slashing towards Chen Ping.
The sword awn was filled with blazing flames, and the temperature around it continuously began to rise.
Facing the incoming flaming sword awn, Chen Ping grasped the palm of his hand, and instantly, the Dragon Beheading Sword was in his hand.
He let out a low gulp, and the Dragon Chopping Sword split into three sword awns, rushing towards the moon shaped sword light.
The four sword awns collided and immediately erupted with a shocking sound, the void exploded, and amidst the smoke and dust, the Fire Fiend however flew out steeply, and his long sword once again slashed out more than a dozen of moon shaped sword awns.
Boom boom boom!
These sword awns were extremely fast and almost instantly landed on the place where Chen Ping had stepped.
The earth collapsed and several miles long deep cracks appeared, and the smoke and dust even rushed to the sky, covering the place.
“Using this Origin of Fire outside seems to be less powerful than inside that Treasure Land.”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he was not satisfied with the power of this sword!
In that Treasure Land, with the fusion enhancement of the Ancient Body Refining Ancestor, using the Origin of Fire was certainly powerful as well!
After having seen the powerful might, so there was a discrepancy in Chen Ping’s heart!
Chen Ping’s body was submerged by the smoke and dust, and when Gao Qilan and the girls outside saw this scene, they were all worried for Chen Ping!
After all, that Fire Fiend was a Harmonisation Realm 9th Grade Cultivator, even though he was injured, his strength was still there!
Even if Chen Ping had broken through to the fifth level of the Harmonisation Realm, there was still a huge gap between him and the ninth level of the Harmonisation Realm!
However, the two people, Ji Yun and Yi He were not worried at all, they knew that with this sword, Chen Ping could completely block it!
“Dead?”
Seeing that there was no more movement, Fire Fiend withdrew his sword and retreated back, being cautious.
He did not intend to enter the smoke as it would give Chen Ping the opportunity to sneak attack himself.
He knew that this Chen Ping fellow liked sneak attacks the most, he had to be careful, it was a matter of his own life!
“A palm and a sword.”
And right at this moment, Chen Ping’s voice resounded steeply from the sky.
The Fire Fiend looked up sharply and incredulously realised that Chen Ping had actually somehow gotten out of the range of his attack and instead ran to the top of his head.
“What are you talking about?” Fire Fiend’s pupils shrank.
Chen Ping’s aura emanating from him at this moment was actually not even checking compared to him, the ninth grade of the Harmonisation Realm, what was going on?
“You injured Miss Gao with a palm and a sword, then I will return the favour tenfold.”
Chen Ping’s eyes were murderous as he said word for word.