“What are you doing chasing me?” Xiao Ru asked unhappily.
“I …… was afraid that those few guys from the Qin family were bullying you, so I brought someone to chase me here. Besides, there are dangers everywhere on this island, so I can protect you too ……”
Zhao Beng explained.
“I don’t need you to protect me, I have Brother Chen and Sister Yu Qi, besides, with your strength, you can’t beat them ……”
Xiao Ru said nonchalantly.
This made that Zhao Beng embarra*sed and could only say, “In fact, our family has many experts, only I didn’t bring them out this time, don’t look at my strength, but for you, I am willing to give my life ……”
This statement made Xiao Ru speechless, after all, is a small girl, no man has ever said such words to her.
Su Yuqi saw that Xiao Ru did not know what to say, was Zhao Barging that guy fooled, so walked over and pulled Xiao Ru a hand, pulled Xiao Ru behind himself, said to Zhao Barging: “you less here to coax Xiao Ru, like you such gentry, only with mouth to deceive people …… ”
Su Yuqi pulled Xiao Ru and turned around, while Gu Ling’er pointed at Zhao Barging, “Warning, don’t follow us ……”
The three followed Chen Ping and continued to walk forward, while Zhao Barging led the way and kept following far behind, which infuriated Su Yuqi and also Gu Ling’er.
“Let him follow behind, don’t mind him ……”
Chen Ping said out loud.
He had long since seen that although this Zhao Beng looked like a playboy, he actually did not have any bad intentions, and since Zhao Beng and the few others he brought with him were not very strong, Chen Ping did not have to worry.
But just after walking for a while, a sudden roar came.
Roar …………
This roar resounded through the sky, even the earth trembled slightly, while the snow on some trees fell off one after another.
Chen Ping was slightly stunned and hurriedly headed in the direction where the roar was coming from.
Su Yuqi and the three of them followed closely behind.
After hearing the roar, Zhao Beng was startled, but when he saw Chen Ping and the others following the roar, he was brave enough to follow them.
Just a short distance away, Chen Ping saw a huge snow wolf appear in front of him, covered in white fur, the size of a calf and with eyes as wide as copper bells.
The snow wolf was now blowing up the hairs on its body, each of which looked like steel spikes.
In front of the snow wolf, the man in a suit was in an attack stance, staring at the snow wolf with a deadly stare.
On the side, the two brothers of the Qin family were watching, as well as that Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai were there, all watching the man in the suit and the snow wolf.
This was the first beast they had encountered since they had landed on the island. Looking at the size of this beast, which was far beyond the usual size, it must have absorbed spiritual energy here for years and years and had a certain level of intelligence.
The man in the suit turned back slightly and looked at the few groups of people who were watching, and his brows couldn’t help but frown.
The man in the suit had already followed the snow wolf for two rounds, although he did not kill the snow wolf, but also had the upper hand, soon he could kill the snow wolf and take out the beast pellet.
But at this moment, with so many people watching, the man in the suit knew that he was afraid that it would not be easy for him to take the beast elixir away easily.
“I can’t believe that such a vicious snow wolf can still appear in such an extremely cold place, it seems that there might be even more terrifying creatures behind ……”
Chen Ping looked at the snow wolves that were as big as oxen and could not help but sigh with emotion.
He didn’t know if he could find the legendary Ice Dragon and Inferno Dragon, and even more so, he didn’t know if he was strong enough to take out the dragon crystal, an ordinary snow wolf was so powerful, wouldn’t the strength of the two dragons be even more terrifying, thinking about this Chen Ping was a little scared.