“Patriarch Jiang, it’s better for you to restore his memory first, when it’s restored, everything will be known!”
Chen Ping was a little impatient now!
If this old man was really the Red Cloud Demon Sovereign, the great devil living in the Nine Heavens of the Heavenly Realm, that would be a great joy for Chen Ping!
With a great devil living in his sea of consciousness, would Chen Ping still be afraid of being unable to eat in the Heavenly Realm in the future?
“Okay, I’ll try ……”
Patriarch Jiang nodded, but he didn’t have any bottom at all in his heart at this time!
Knowing that the other party was a great devil that had come down from the Heavenly Realm, even if it was just a remnant soul, it wouldn’t be that easy to help the other party recover his memories!
“Senior, I’m going to help you recover your memories, there might be some discomfort during the process, I still hope that you can endure it, don’t get angry ah!”
Patriarch Jiang became even more humble after knowing the identity of the old man, this was a great devil of the Heavenly Realm!
If he really offended, then he wouldn’t need this Soul Demon Sect anymore!
“You can come all you want, the old man is not that delicate ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord nodded and said!
Only to see that Patriarch Jiang’s face was serious, his hands played a large number of spells, then the surrounding green smoke turned into a thin line in general, along with the fall of Patriarch Jiang’s hand, countless thin lines began to drill towards the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s head!
The remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch trembled gently, and an eerie shriek rang out!
Immediately after that, a light blue breath condensed out of Patriarch Jiang’s fingers, and along with the light blue breath entering the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s residual soul, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch trembled even more!
Soon, Patriarch Jiang’s forehead was dissatisfied with cold sweat, and his eyes were even glaring like bells!
Boom!
Suddenly, the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Lord erupted with a golden light, instantly crushing all of Patriarch Jiang’s breath, and with a tremendous force, causing Patriarch Jiang to fly backwards!
“Patriarch Jiang ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping rushed forward and helped Patriarch Jiang up!
Jiang Patriarch’s face was pale at the moment, and his body was weak as he said, “This senior’s strength is too terrifying, even if there is only a remnant soul left, it still possesses the ability to automatically counterattack, and there is no way for me to help him retrieve his memories with this cultivation!”
“If we can find someone who is stronger and also understands the soul, we may be able to help him retrieve his memories ……”
Chen Ping was speechless when he heard this, where was he going to find someone who was stronger than the Red Cloud Demon Monarch?
Even if he were to ascend to the Heavenly Realm right now, it was estimated that he would not be able to touch someone of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s strength for a short period of time, after all, this was someone who lived in the Nine Heavens of the Heavenly Realm!
“It seems that we can only wait slowly ……”
Chen Ping helplessly glanced at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Originally, Chen Ping had wanted to let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch recover his memories, that would be a great help to him!
Now, it seemed that it was impossible to count on it, so he could only rely on himself!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch looked at Chen Ping and knew what he was thinking, so he said, “Even if the old man does not recover his memory, there are some instinctive things that are enough for you to learn, I won’t live in your sea of consciousness for nothing, look at the way you are lost!”
“You now have no shackles, perhaps you can slowly recall some things yourself, you will feel at ease to stay in my sea of consciousness!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his divine sense enveloped that Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s residual soul, and then once again allowed him to return to his Sea of Consciousness!
“Mr Chen, I’m really sorry for not being able to help you ……”
Patriarch Jiang said to Chen Ping with some shame!
“Patriarch Jiang, you have already helped me quite a lot, after bothering me for many days in the Soul Demon Sect, it is time for me to leave!”
Since the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s memories could not be restored, there was no need for Chen Ping to stay in the Soul Demon Sect, he still had to go and find the Heavenly Demon Stones to help the Wind Demon reshape his physical body!
“Mr Chen, the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain are full of dangers, there are no rules to speak of, and you’ve now been given a kill order by the Demon Sealing Alliance, so it’s expected that a lot of people will want to take your life!”
“This Soul Demon Sect of mine is still considered safe, so why doesn’t Mr Chen stay for some more time?”
Patriarch Jiang said to Chen Ping!