This simply made Bone Cliff’s jaw drop in shock, these Prime Spears were refined from the leg bones of ancient tiger beasts and were enchanted with all sorts of runes, and under Chen Ping’s strike, they had even cracked?
Moreover, Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword hadn’t even exerted its full power, this was too outrageous?
“Kid, it seems that I have really underestimated you, but even if you are stronger, you are just a bigger ant in my eyes.”
Bone Cliff still said arrogantly!
After saying that, he only saw that Bone Cliff put his hands together in front of his chest, and a drop of soul blood was forced out from the centre of his brow!
That soul blood slowly floated up, and then exploded with a bang into a bloody mist, which wrapped up all of those Prime Spears!
Under this blood mist, the runes on the Prime Spears began to flicker and turned red!
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not hesitate, instead, he swung his Dragon Slashing Sword, and his entire body transformed into a bolt of lightning as he rushed towards the Bone Cliff, the Dragon Slashing Sword swung out a stream of sword awns, attacking the Bone Cliff as if it was a raging storm!
When Bone Cliff saw this, he once again put his Prime Spear together, and then followed Chen Ping with his Prime Spear in hand!
The Prime Spear in Bone Cliff’s hand had countless shadows travelling through it every time he swung it out, and one could even see a tiger opening its bloody mouth in the void, attacking towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was holding the Dragon Sword, travelling through the sky of shadows, as if he was facing countless powerful attacks at the same time!
Chen Ping’s speed was also as fast as it could be, setting off a sky of sword light as both of them exploded their full strength!
No one dared to leave any room for manoeuvre, everyone could only see, in the mid-air, the sword shadows were weaving, a burst of whistling sound, just like the abyss of hell!
The two people can be said to be fighting in the darkness of the sky, the sun and the moon, all the people were dumbfounded!
At this point, it had long since become impossible to distinguish between Chen Ping and Bone Cliff’s silhouettes, and one could only see that the sky was filled with mutilated silhouettes, and one could not even distinguish between the two people’s trajectories of movement!
“This is too terrifying, if we rush up to help, I’m afraid we’ll be strangled inside in an instant.”
Ji Lianzhan said as he looked at the terrifying battle, his forehead filled with cold sweat!
As a cultivator of the Transition Realm, Ji Lianzhang thought that even if he fought on his own, it would be impossible to have this kind of horrifying scene, Chen Ping’s fighting power was simply beyond his imagination!
Who would have thought that a small cultivator of the Harmonisation Realm would erupt with an aura and power that was stronger than all of them, the Transition Realm cultivators?
And those other cultivators were each filled with disbelief!
They thought that Chen Ping had already been perverted when he had triggered the lightning tribulation and blasted that Silver Feathered Eagle to death, but they didn’t think that Chen Ping would be able to follow this Ancient Cultivator in a fierce battle!
This speed, this power, how could it be possessed by a Harmonisation Realm cultivator?
Everyone almost dropped their jaws in shock, if they were to fight with Chen Ping, they would probably have been killed in seconds!
Boom …………
With an explosive sound, golden light appeared in the sky, accompanied by a dragon’s roar, Bone Cliff’s body flew backwards directly!
The Prime Spear in his hand was clutched in death, Bone Cliff knew that the moment he let go, this Prime Spear might not be his own!
After Bone Cliff flew backwards some distance, his face became extremely ugly as he gritted his teeth and glared at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was calm and collected, his face still calm!
“Having just made a breakthrough, it is true that one needs a good battle in order to stimulate the potential in one’s body.”
Chen Ping felt that the fight was very painful!
But that Bone Cliff was a bit miserable, feeling that this Chen Ping had taken himself as a practice, and did not see himself as an opponent at all!
Bone Cliff, who had survived for thousands of years, had never been treated so lightly!
“Kid, if I’m not a remnant of my soul, I wouldn’t allow you to be wild, but don’t underestimate me, even if I have to fight for the demise of this remnant of my soul, I’ll still let you go up in smoke today!”
Bone Cliff was completely beaten out of his fire, and did not hesitate to follow Chen Ping to his death!
Only to see Bone Cliff let go of the Prime Spear in his hand, and a faint blood-coloured glow emanated around his body!