This sentence made Chen Ping look confused and said uncertainly “What does Miss Ji mean by that?”
“What do you say? We both did it, and you still call me Miss Ji, treating me as an outsider?”
Ji Meiyan’s face was full of aggression, she was about to cry!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood, and was very embarrassed, “I …… I don’t mean that, Meiyan, I’m sorry ah ……”
Chen Ping could only follow Ji Meiyan to apologise!
Hearing Chen Ping shout his name, Ji Meiyan then smiled “I forgive you this time, follow me ……”
Ji Meiyan brought Chen Ping to a mountain pass, and then said “There are many Origin Illusion Beasts in here, but when you kill Origin Illusion Beasts, it’s best not to use arts, it’s best to be able to kill those Origin Illusion Beasts with your bare hands, only then can you be able to sense them more quickly.”
“If you use arts or other divine weapons, it will weaken the Origin Illusionary Beast’s own Origin Aura, and even if you behead the Origin Illusionary Beasts, the chances of sensing will be much smaller.”
Ji Meiyan admonished Chen Ping.
“Meiyan, I didn’t expect you to know so much!” Chen Ping was surprised that Ji Meiyan would know this!
Ji Meiyan blushed and said “This is all because father told us, otherwise how would I know!”
“You hurry up and go in, I’ll wait for you here, I hope you won’t keep me waiting for too long ……”
Chen Ping nodded and then walked into the mountain pass!
Shortly after walking into the mountain pass, Chen Ping heard the hissing sounds of demonic beasts around him, he knew that these were Origin Illusionary Beasts, not real demonic beasts!
These Origin Illusion Beasts did not have an original body, so it would be very difficult to kill them!
Especially since they couldn’t use spells or weapons, this was going to be a lot harder, I’m afraid!
However, even if it was difficult, Chen Ping would not back down, it was hard to enter the Ji Family Ancestral Ground, how could Chen Ping back down!
Especially Ji Meiyan, who had even dedicated her body in order for her to be able to stay in the ancestral land!
When Chen Ping remembered just now in the great hall, Ji Meiyan’s active appearance, his inner blood spurted a little.
“What are you thinking about ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly gave himself a slap to wake himself up and not to be imagining things!
Although the power of these Origin Illusionary Beasts shouldn’t be very great, it was still life threatening if one was negligent!
Chen Ping slowly walked towards the depths, suddenly a black shadow rushed out from a side of the mountain forest, Chen Ping instinctively flickered and dodged the blow!
At this moment, an Origin Mirage Beast, was opening its bloody mouth, eyeing Chen Ping intently!
This Mirage Beast was shaped similar to a tiger, with red eyes, revealing sharp fangs!
Chen Ping beckoned, and the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in his hand!
However, soon after, Chen Ping remembered Ji Meiyan’s instructions and put the Dragon Cutting Sword back!
Facing the phantom beasts in front of him, he could only kill them with his bare hands and with the raw power of his body!
The Phantom Beast roared low and suddenly lunged towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, swung his fists and followed suit!
The Phantom Beast’s movements were very agile, and its mouth full of fangs made Chen Ping wary!
One person and one beast, by this time, had already wrestled together!
It was like two ordinary people, savagely wrestling!
Fortunately, Chen Ping’s physical body was also incomparably strong, or else he would have been directly torn out of his wounds by the claws of that phantom beast!
Chen Ping’s fists were constantly striking the phantom beast’s head.
I don’t know how long it took, but the phantom beast let out a wail and did not move, followed by its body transforming into an origin that wrapped Chen Ping!
With a gold origin entering his body, Chen Ping gasped for air and carefully felt that gold origin, except that within his origin space, the star of the gold origin did not light up!