“Don’t worry, it’s definitely you who will die ……”
Chen Ping said with a firm face.
Ning Hai’s face turned red with anger, but he was speechless, so he turned his gaze towards Mr. Shi, hoping that Mr. Shi would help say something.
“Chen Ping, what if I don’t allow you to challenge the Ning family anymore now?”
Mr Shi asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
“Then I will not challenge, but I will still kill everyone in the Ning Family, even if I suffer official suppression, at all costs ……”
Chen Ping said with a murderous aura.
Chen Ping’s words immediately shocked everyone, this was blatantly provoking the majesty of Mr. Shi!
Provoking the official’s majesty, just ask anyone who dares to follow the official against him, they are simply tired of living!
“Aren’t you afraid that I’ll kill you?”
Mr Shi’s face was slightly cold as he said.
Chen Ping shook his head, “Before you kill me, I will make everyone in the Ning family go to hell ……”
Everyone looked at Mr. Shi, Chen Ping had said his words here, they would just see what Mr. Shi’s reaction was.
But the crowd was impressed that Chen Ping dared to speak like this!
After a moment of silence, Mr. Shi suddenly turned his head to look at Ning Hai: “How about it, as I said, this kid is very stubborn, he doesn’t necessarily listen to my words, as you can see, there’s nothing I can do ……”
After saying that, Mr. Shi turned around and walked away, seemingly taking two gentle steps, but his figure soon disappeared into thin air.
This time, Ning Dahai’s face was hard to see, he also did not expect that Chen Ping dared to give Mr. Shi no face at all in front of the crowd.
Mr. Shi represented the official authority, so wouldn’t the official authority be damaged?
However, after this incident, the crowd also knew more about the status of Chen Ping in Mr. Shi’s heart!
If this were anyone else, I am afraid that Mr. Shi would have slapped him to death long ago.
“Chen Ping, do you really want to kill me with a fish?”
After Mr. Shi left, Ning Hai was also left without a lobbyist and could only face Chen Ping and say.
“Who said it would be a fish death, you are no longer qualified to speak to me on equal terms now!”
Chen Ping’s eyes were full of contemptuous contempt!
Upon hearing this, Ning Hai said with frenzied anger, “Chen Ping, you are deceiving people too much, don’t think that you are not really afraid of you.”
“If I wasn’t afraid that the other clans and families would take advantage of the situation, I would have given you a beating already!”
However, Chen Ping sneered, “No one will make trouble, because I will make your Ning Clan disappear, and your Ning Clan’s resources are mine, and whoever dares to grab them from me will be my enemy!”
These words of Chen Ping were said in a domineering manner, this was following the entire martial arts community of Kyoto to call out!
“Good, I’ll see how capable you are today, such a wild aura ……”
Only to see the aura from Ning Hai’s body begin to rush out, and a terrifyingly powerful aura began to pervade!
The two martial arts marquises are like bombing sites, and anyone who gets close will be unlucky.
Ning Hai’s hands curled and his body flickered as he grabbed at Chen Ping’s chest.
Chen Ping looked at Ning Hai and did not move a muscle, the golden light on his body flashed and a piece of scales began to cover his whole body quickly.
The colour of the scales on Chen Ping’s body was a little brighter at this time.
Ning Hai was very fast, but when Ning Hai grabbed a claw towards Chen Ping’s chest, Chen Ping was able to quickly activate his Unbreakable Golden Body.
If he knew that a few days ago, Chen Ping wouldn’t even have had the chance to react.
Stabbing ……
Ning Hai’s five fingers were as hard as steel, but when they grabbed Chen Ping’s chest at once, they didn’t hurt Chen Ping at all, and they didn’t even break the Incorruptible Golden Body by a fraction!
The shining scales neatly covered Chen Ping’s body, and not a single piece of them fell off.
“How could this happen?”
Ning Hai was filled with astonishment, knowing that in the strike a few days ago, the Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body had almost collapsed, with large swathes of scales falling off and the lustre dimming.