When the man in the suit saw several people attacking towards him, he gave a reluctant glance at the fallen snow wolf before turning around and running into the vast snowy forest.
“D*mn, count on you to run fast, if I catch you, I’ll have to skin you ……”
Seeing that the man in the suit had escaped, Cheng Kun spat fiercely.
“Ow! …………”
The snow wolf fell at Chen Ping’s feet, its eyes looked at Chen Ping with a supplicating look, as if it was begging Chen Ping, not to kill it.
Chen Ping and the snow wolf looked at each other with all eyes, and a trace of intolerance actually pa*sed through his heart.
Although this snow wolf was a beast, it was obvious that this snow wolf already had a mind and was able to understand human speech and think for itself.
“Such a big snow wolf, the beast elixir must be very precious ……”
Cheng Kun walked over at this time, waving a knife in his hand, saying that he was about to cut down.
The snow wolf was already seriously injured at this time, and had no ability to resist or escape.
Just when Chen Ping was hesitating, whether to save this snow wolf or not, there was a sudden ding, and Cheng Kun’s knife was blocked away.
“Cheng Kun, this snow wolf is not your family’s, are you trying to take the beast elixir all by yourself?”
It was Xuan Yuan Kai who blocked Cheng Kun’s blade.
Cheng Kun’s face was furious: “Xuanyuan Kai, what do you want? Whoever kills this snow wolf, the beast pellet is his!”
“Now this snow wolf has become meat on the table, without the ability to resist, a random person can kill it with a single slash, according to you, does it mean that if I end this snow wolf with a single slash now, the beast elixir will be mine?”
Xuan Yuan Kai took the opportunity to speak and suddenly stabbed his sword at the snow wolf lying on the ground.
“Xuanyuan Kai, you despicable villain ……”
Seeing this, Cheng Kun hurriedly swung his hand sword towards Xuan Yuan Kai, forcing him to put his sword back.
In a moment, Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai were fighting together, and the men they had brought with them all instantly surrounded them, one after the other, setting up a battle.
“Brother Kun, Brother Kai, you two should stop fighting, if you fight now for a wolf and you die, then no one will be able to leave here, that evil cultivator won’t let us go easily ……”
Zhao Barging saw the two fighting, so he ran over to persuade them.
Hearing Zhao Barging mention the evil cultivator, Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai immediately separated after throwing a punch at each other.
If the two of them really fought, they would definitely either die or be injured, and wouldn’t they let the evil cultivator exploit the situation then.
“Xuanyuan Kai, don’t think that I’m afraid of you, I just don’t want that evil cultivator to come and get the benefit, when we leave Dragon Lock Island, I’ll compete with you ……”
Cheng Kun said with an arrogant face.
“Good, I will accompany you to the end ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai also did not show weakness.
“Brother Kun, Brother Kai, there must be more beasts on this pour, no need to fight over a snow wolf, big deal, this beast pellet is for those who see it, I don’t want it, I’ll give it all to you ……”
The two of them were in a hurry to persuade each other again when they saw that they had stopped.
Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai looked at each other and nodded at the same time and said, “Good!”
“Sir Cheng, Sir Xuanyuan, our Qin family has come earlier than all of you, shouldn’t my Qin family also have a share of this beast pellet?”
At this moment, Qin Xiaoxian stepped forward and asked.
“Get lost, your Qin family is nothing, are you also worthy of sharing something with us?” Cheng Kun was already angry and had no place to vent his anger, and now that this Qin Xiaoxian had even taken the initiative to approach him, Cheng Kun could only scold him to vent his anger.
But even though he was angry in his heart, he could not say anything at this moment. With his current strength and the few people he had brought along, he could not deal with the Perak Sect’s people.
What’s more, if they really had to fight, Zhao Beng of the Shadowless Villa would definitely help, and that Xuan Yuan Kai of the Xuan Yuan family might also make a move.