Looking at the gradually drying up of the Tong Ling tree, the Grand Protector seemed to understand!
“D*mn, this kid is actually absorbing the strength of the Tong Ling Tree ……”
The Great Protector knew that Chen Ping was actually absorbing the strength of the entire Tong Ling Tree!
He knew that this whole Tong Ling tree was many times more powerful than the Tong Ling fruit!
“No, we must not let this guy break through again ……”
The Great Protector shouted and a black mist rose up around his body, wrapping himself up tightly as he rushed towards the deep pit!
On the way, the leaves kept falling and then slicing around the Great Protector, causing a fire, but this did not stop him!
The leaves slashed through Liu Rui’s body like steel swords, but Liu Rui was not afraid!
She needed to buy some time for Chen Ping, even if it was just a minute.
The long sword in Liu Rui’s hand turned into a snake and headed straight for the Great Protector!
But the Grand Protector didn’t even look at it, he just flicked his hand: “Humph, something that doesn’t measure up to itself ……”
With this flick, Liu Rui’s body flew backwards like a kite with a broken string!
The difference in power was so great that Liu Rui could not stop the Great Protector, not even for a second!
When the Great Protector came to the edge of the pit, he saw Chen Ping sitting on his knees in the deep pit, the golden light on his body flashing continuously.
With red eyes, the Grand Protector stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare and roared, “I won’t let you have a chance to turn the tables ……”
A huge palm print appeared, surrounded by black mist, covering the entire area of the pit!
As he saw the palm getting closer and closer to Chen Ping’s head, Chen Ping’s eyes suddenly opened!
Chen Ping’s skin turned golden yellow, and golden scales covered Chen Ping’s entire body, accompanied by a long whistle from Chen Ping!
A terrifying force emanated from Chen Ping’s body and quickly shot up into the sky from the deep pit!
The huge palm print of the Great Protector was instantly dispersed by this power!
Chen Ping’s body slowly rose up from the deep pit and ended up floating in mid-air, while behind Chen Ping, the long-wilted Tong Ling tree was now ablaze!
In an instant, the tree was reduced to ashes, an ancient sacred tree, now reduced to nothingness ……
The Great Protector looked at Chen Ping in mid-air, his eyes were filled with astonishment and shock!
He did not expect Chen Ping to be able to pa*s through his palm print with ease.
At this moment, there was a cold expression in Chen Ping’s eyes, and when he felt Chen Ping’s gaze, the Great Protector’s body began to tremble involuntarily!
A monstrous aura exploded from Chen Ping’s body, followed by a loud roar and a golden light on his body.
Feeling the aura bursting out from Chen Ping, the Great Protector** was stunned, this was the aura of a Third Grade Martial God, he could not have imagined that in a short period of time, Chen Ping had risen from a First Grade Martial God to a Third Grade!
But before the Great Protector could react, the aura within Chen Ping’s body began to spread out in all directions!
Feeling the terrifying Qi, the Grand Protector’s body started to retreat backwards, and in the end, he was directly knocked off his feet by the terrifying Qi!
Seeing this, the Grand Protector knew that he could not let Chen Ping go on like this, so he had no choice but to use his ultimate technique!
“Burning Heavenly Palm …………”
The Grand Protector shouted out loud, and a mountainous and overwhelming Qi instantly condensed in front of the Grand Protector’s body, with flames burning all around!
Chen Ping snorted coldly at the sight, and then swung his hand! -A wave of his hand!