The attack was on the other party’s sea of consciousness, so even if the statue was sturdy, there was no way it could withstand the attack of the Demon Drawing Whip!
“I didn’t realise that you kid had a Demon Drawing Whip, but even if it’s a Demon Drawing Whip, I’m not afraid of it!”
Mu Qiufeng said without the slightest fear!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, raised his hand and cracked a whip!
Snap!
A whip lashed at that Mu Qiufeng’s body, but Mu Qiufeng was not at all alright!
Only to see that statue’s entire body, it was flooded with a formation pattern, and it even blocked the attack of the Demon Drawing Whip!
Chen Ping’s face was filled with shock, he did not expect that the formation pattern on the statue would even block the attack of the Demon Drawing Whip!
“Since the Demon Drawing Whip doesn’t work, let’s try my Dragon Beheading Sword ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry, the Dragon Beheading Sword was in his hand, and he chopped out with a sword!
The dragon roared and hissed as a sword awn slashed at Mu Qiufeng!
However, when that sword aura came into contact with the statue, it dissipated in an instant, and was actually crushed by the formation patterns on the statue’s body!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
“Running Thunder Palm ……”
…………
Chen Ping had used all of his strength, but surprisingly, he had not caused the slightest damage to that Mu Qiufeng!
The formations on this statue were simply too powerful, leaving Chen Ping somewhat at a loss for words!
When Chen Wenliang and the others saw this, they were all terrified as well!
The various moves that Chen Ping had just executed, those were all extremely powerful, as powerful as the Mahayana realm, but surprisingly, they couldn’t shake that Mu Qiufeng in the slightest!
In that case, all of them together were afraid that they wouldn’t be able to hurt that Mu Qiufeng at all!
“Hahaha, you ants, I only need to stomp my foot and I’ll be able to let you die without a burial place!”
Mu Qiufeng was more than pleased at the moment!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, why don’t you lead the others to escape, I’ll lead the crowd of pill masters to stall this Mu Qiufeng!”
Chen Wenliang leapt to Chen Ping’s side, intending to let Chen Ping escape while he took the rear!
All of their lives were saved by Chen Ping, and since it came to this, Chen Wenliang was willing to sacrifice himself to give Chen Ping a chance to live!
Chen Ping, however, shook his head and said, “None of us can escape, this place is too far away from the mainland, the only way to stay alive is to kill this Mu Qiufeng!”
When Chen Wenliang heard this, he sighed, “Ai, it would have been better to kill this guy in the beginning!”
“President Chen, you don’t have to worry too much, we will always come up with a way to deal with this Mu Qiufeng!”
Chen Ping comforted Chen Wenliang!
Chen Ping’s means had yet to be fully utilised!
He still had the Divine King Bow in his hand, and the Dragon Tattoo Bell, which Chen Ping had yet to use!
Even if the Divine King Bow and the Dragon Tattoo Bell were not able to cure Mu Qiufeng, Chen Ping still had the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast in his storage ring!
If the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast could awaken, it might be able to swallow this Mu Qiufeng as well!
If it was not possible, let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch possess it once more, Chen Ping believed that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would definitely be able to deal with this statue!
“Kid, what means do you have, feel free to use them, if there are no more means, then I won’t play along with you, I’ll just kill you all and feed you to the fishes!”
Mu Qiufeng shouted in triumph!
“Senior, if you were to possess yourself once, would you have the certainty to break this statue and destroy this fellow?”
Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Of course I’m sure, I can slap him to death with a single slap of my old man.”
“Only, if I slap him to death, you will also be sure that your fleshly body will be destroyed, your fleshly body won’t be able to withstand it at all.”
“If your flesh is destroyed, this remnant soul of the old man will also dissipate, and you will only have a wisp of remnant soul left.”
“This price, you can bear it, the old man still can’t bear it ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was somewhat speechless, his physical body was destroyed, Chen Ping could not bear this price ah!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was able to deal with this statue, but the stronger the Red Cloud Demon Monarch dealt with the stronger the opponent, the more power he exploded!
Chen Ping’s physical body could not withstand this kind of power, and would definitely explode!
All of a sudden, Chen Ping was in a difficult situation!