Along with the weird sound of water getting closer and closer, Zhu Qingxiu saw countless densely packed wind blades that were dividing the seawater into pavilions, and these wind blades were all emanating from the black column!
These wind blades are all emanating from the black column! This is the intention to use the wind blades to chop the two people trapped inside into mush!
Looking at the wind blades that were getting closer and closer, Zhu Qingxiu’s forehead was in a cold sweat and she unconsciously looked at Chen Ping!
She didn’t have Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body, with her current strength, she was afraid that she wouldn’t be able to block these wind blades at all!
However, Zhu Qingxiu had no place to escape, as this area of the sea was shrouded, and there were these wind blades everywhere!
Zhu Qingxiu’s only hope was that Chen Ping would quickly set up a formation to block these wind blades!
Otherwise, there was a real possibility that they would be churned into mush by these wind blades!
However, seeing that Chen Ping was still concentrating on carving the formation, Zhu Qingxiu could only grit her teeth and plan to fight against these wind blades herself, helping Chen Ping to withstand them for a second is a second!
After all, both of them were now grasshoppers on a rope, neither of them could get rid of the other!
“Master, I’m sorry ……”
After Zhu Qingxiu said that, he then pulled out a jade slip, which had nine swords carved on it!
This was the secret manual of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect that the demonic cultivator had been searching for!
The nine swords on it were all different shapes and sizes!
Zhu Qingxiu held the jade slip in his hand, and then a spiritual force was struck into it, and the slip flickered with spiritual light!
At the same time, behind Zhu Qingxiu, a huge sword slowly took shape!
The nine swords on the jade slip flickered with light, and then began to tremble gently, followed by the nine swords detaching themselves from the jade slip and floating in front of Zhu Qingxiu’s body!
These nine swords followed the giant sword behind Zhu Qingxiu, echoing and confirming each other!
Along with the nine swords, Zhu Qingxiu’s face became ugly and he was sweating like a pig!
Soon, the nine swords kept changing, and in the end, thousands of sword shadows appeared, and it was already impossible to tell which was illusory and which was reality!
Zhu Qingxiu swung with vigour, countless sword shadows met those wind blades, while the huge sword that appeared behind her was shaking madly, seemingly about to settle down and soar into the sky as well!
Rumbling sounds continued, and those wind blades were constantly being exploded!
Countless sword shadows temporarily warded off Zhu Qingxiu and their area, and all the wind blades were destroyed as much as possible!
“The Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret scrolls have actually been activated!”
Above the surface of the sea, Ning Zhi looked down at the Dead Sea, the corners of his mouth hooked into a cold smile!
And beside him, the dozen or so demonic cultivators were all filled with shock as they looked down at the churning surface of the Dead Sea, their admiration for Ning Zhi deepening by a few points!
“You guys follow me down, kill that Zhu Qingxiu, and seize the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manual.”
“As for that Chen Ping, leave it to me, I must let him die without a burial place!”
Ning Zhi’s eyes were slightly glazed, and he said with a murderous aura!
“Prince Ning, we’re afraid that we won’t be able to enter the Dead Sea ……”
The green-clothed cultivator said with some embarrassment!
“Don’t worry, with me here, you’ll be able to enter!”
After Ning Zhi finished speaking, he gently waved his palm, and a ball of red fire travelled around the crowd, quickly forming a barrier around each person!
From afar, these people looked like firemen!
“Prince Ning, can that Chen Ping not be killed or have his body left whole? After all, he is worth a hundred years of offerings.”
Another devil cultivator asked cautiously!
Ning Zhi’s eyes glared slightly, scaring that person so much that he no longer dared to open his mouth!
“I’ll tell you all, no one is allowed to get any ideas about that Chen Ping, I’ll have to kill him myself before I can do that.”
“It’s been such a long time, it’s time for me to end my grudge against him!”
Ning Zhi had to kill Chen Ping himself in order to avenge his father’s murder!
From the Secular Realm to the Celestial Realm, Ning Zhi had followed step by step, and how much suffering he had endured, only he knew!