As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he was enlightened and instantly understood what to do!
Chen Ping leapt up once again and gently pressed one hand on the ice crystal that Gao Qijie had absorbed!
Along with Chen Ping’s divine sense entering the ice crystal, the image of Gao Qijie’s mind at this moment actually appeared in front of Chen Ping’s eyes as well!
Chen Ping saw that Gao Qijie was still immersed in the slightly warm sunlight, his body absorbing the energy, his whole body as if he was mesmerised!
But he didn’t know that it was in this very comfortable environment that his divine sense was being sucked away a little!
Relying on his huge sea of consciousness, Chen Ping’s endless power of divine consciousness began to pound on the ice crystals like waves of the ocean!
Gao Qijie was still immersed in the sunlight, but he was instantly awakened by the waves!
After blocking the connection between Gao Qijie and the ice crystal, Chen Ping also quickly withdrew his divine sense!
“What’s going on with this ……?”
“How did you interrupt my cultivation?”
Gao Qijie asked uncertainly!
“If I don’t interrupt you, you will soon become a living dead man without a mind ……”
Chen Ping said!
“How is that possible, I feel like my body is full of power ……”
Gao Qijie said as he clenched his fist!
“You emit your divine sense to see ……”
Chen Ping said!
After hearing this, Gao Qijie instantly radiated his divine sense within his sea of consciousness, but just as he radiated his divine sense, Gao Qijie suddenly let out a cry of surprise, followed by a tightly furrowed brow!
“What’s going on? Why does my head hurt as soon as I dispersed my divine sense?”
“It seems like the power of my divine sense has weakened a lot ……”
Gao Qijie said with a dumbfounded expression!
“Now you know why I blocked you from cultivating, take some time to recuperate yourself!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and began to rescue the others!
In fact, Chen Ping could have left the others alone, but now that they were all trapped here, they were all kind of grasshoppers on the same rope, so saving one more person would be one more strength!
Soon, Chen Ping used the power of his vast divine sense to save everyone!
Only these people didn’t collect, and they all pointed accusing fingers at Chen Ping!
“Little brother, why are you doing this? We were cultivating properly, why did you interrupt us?”
Old Sun asked as he followed Chen Ping in disbelief!
“Humph, what do you mean kid? If you don’t want to cultivate, you can completely go aside, why are you interrupting our cultivation, what is your intention?”
Old Kong looked at Chen Ping with an angry face and roared!
“You people, don’t be good or bad, if it wasn’t for Chen’s hand, you all wouldn’t want to live ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had saved these people and was still being blamed for it, Wajang said indignantly!
“Save us? Is interrupting our cultivation saving us?”
Zuo Qing was also very unhappy!
“Gentlemen, you are not actually cultivating, but rather you have been bewitched and your own divine sense has been absorbed.”
Chen Ping slowly spoke up and told the story of the demonic cultivator!
And followed up the matter of the ice crystal absorbing the divine consciousness and then invoking the ice spirit giant beast’s essence blood to open the seal!
However, after hearing this, all of them could not believe it, could there really be a devil cultivator so daring as to lure so many of them?
“Since you don’t believe me, then you can try your divine sense, or you can go outside the palace and see if you can still leave here!”
Chen Ping said!
Soon, people started checking their divine sense and ran out of the palace to check!
When they found that their divine sense was indeed damaged and the hole to go back was sealed, they believed Chen Ping’s words!
“What about this …… this?”
“Trouble, I can’t believe I’ve been tricked by a demonic cultivator!”
“These devil cultivators, how dare they, when I get out, I will definitely not spare them.”
The crowd shouted in righteous indignation!
But no one had a way to get out, and for a while the crowd fell into silence, and could only wait quietly to see who could come up with a way to leave!