When she left work in the afternoon, Wang Han Han didn’t take Chen Ping’s car home, but took a taxi on her own!
“This girl, what’s wrong with her today?”
Chen Ping muttered in a small voice, he felt that Wang Han Han hadn’t been in much spirits all afternoon and hadn’t spoken to himself!
After he got home, Chen Ping simply changed his clothes, and Su Yuqi came to pick him up in her car!
In this shabby neighborhood, there was a luxury car parked at the entrance, instantly attracting the attention of many people!
“Who’s this rich lady from, what’s she doing driving to our shabby neighbourhood?”
“It can’t be that she’s taken a fancy to some young guy in the neighbourhood, can it?”
“She’s rich at first glance, how could she possibly take a fancy to a young man from our neighborhood ……”
At the entrance of the neighbourhood, there was a group of old ladies sitting around, chatting about nothing!
Wang Changfeng was among them, and she was also curious as to who the car was actually here to pick up.
But when she saw that Chen Ping had actually walked out of the neighborhood and gotten into the car, her whole body froze at once!
“Changfeng, that young man is Chen Ping from the country of Bao, right? He’s got a rich girlfriend!”
“I remember that Chen Ping has a good relationship with your Han Han, what’s going on?”
“Nowadays, young people are all greedy for vanity ……”
A few old ladies chattered while Wang Changfeng hurried home, she had to ask her daughter what the hell was going on!
Chen Ping got into Su Yuqi’s car and followed the address given by Gu Wentian all the way to a suburb of Hongcheng, which was still undeveloped and full of low bungalows and not very good roads!
A full hour or so later, Chen Ping arrived at the place, and at that moment, Gu Wentian was already waiting!
Chen Ping looked at the place and couldn’t believe that a man of Gu Wentian’s status would have a close friend in a place like this!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping arrive, Gu Wentian greeted him politely!
And beside Gu Wentian, there was also an old man with graying temples, only this old man’s aura and dress was far different from Gu Wentian’s!
“Old Song, this is the Mr. Chen I told you about, very skilled in medicine ……”
Gu Wentian said to the old man beside him!
After that old Song saw Chen Pingzhi, his entire body just froze, his face filled with an incredulous expression.
He had the impression that people who were called sir by Gu Mantian and were highly skilled in medicine must be old professors and experts who had already pa*sed the age of old age, but he did not expect Chen Ping to be so young, just like a child!
“Old Song, old Song ……”
Gu Wentian shouted twice more at the dazed Old Song!
“Oh ……” Old Song reacted and hurriedly extended his somewhat dry and wrinkled hand to Chen Ping, “Hello Mr. Chen …… ”
Chen Ping followed Old Song and shook his hand, nodding slightly as a greeting!
“Mr. Chen, Old Song’s daughter-in-law is in the house, please help go check on her ……”
Gu Wentian said, and let Old Song lead the way in front!
And Gu Wentian followed Chen Ping side by side, while explaining his relationship with Old Song!
It turns out that Gu Wentian followed Old Song as a hairdresser, in the past when Gu Wentian was a child, he also lived in this area of low bungalows, to say the least for decades!
Later on, he went to school and walked out of the area, and slowly went into politics, so he didn’t have much contact with some of his old friends.
Since he retired, he returned to Hongcheng and got back in touch with his old friends. He once wanted to help Old Song leave here and buy a flat in the city, but Old Song couldn’t leave here, so he gave up.
The two of them often drank tea and chatted together. Although Old Song was living in poverty, he was living a fulfilling life and did not ask Gu Mantian for help.