Looking at this scale, it could definitely be called a large sect, but now it was in a state of disrepair!
In mid-air, there was a halo of light that enveloped the entire sect!
Outside of the halo, there was the chaotic flow of the chaotic land, and space-time cracks suddenly appeared and disappeared from time to time!
Looking at everything in front of him, Chen Ping knew that this Wuji Sacred Sect had been brilliant in the Heavenly Realm, but now it had become so decrepit and downtrodden that the entire sect had disappeared!
As the saying goes, no flower is red for a hundred days, even in a brilliant clan, under the river of time, there will always be a moment of decline, and at the same time there will be a new clan to rise, this is the normal evolution of the times into the city, and there is no way for anyone to stop it!
But such a huge heavenly realm sect, in the end how could it be destroyed?
And how did this Wuji Sacred Sect appear in the Celestial Realm?
Was this Heavenly Human Realm created by the Wuji Sacred Sect or not?
These were all unknown, Chen Ping wanted to ask that Red Cloud Demon Monarch, but this fellow was probably still in amnesia and could not think of anything at all!
“It seems that the only way is to enter it, to come and slowly explore it!”
Chen Ping could only explore it himself if he wanted to know all the doubts!
“Wow …… this …… here is actually hiding such a large sect sanctuary?”
Bing Lu and the girls rushed up, and when they saw the Wuji Sacred Sect, they were all shocked by the sight before them!
Especially the chaotic spacetime cracks beyond the halo of light, which made one’s heart skip a beat!
At this moment, the Wuji Sacred Sect was like being held upside down under a transparent glass cover!
“What kind of place is this ……? Could it be that there really is a place where Immortals have fallen in this polar region?”
Lan Yingying said as she sucked in a breath of cool air!
Originally, these were all rumours spread by the Guanghan Palace, but now looking at the crumbling sect in front of them, it felt like the rumours were true!
“This is more than just a place where Immortals fall down ah……”
Chen Ping was overwhelmed with emotion!
Such a huge Heavenly Realm Sect, it was unknown how many disciples there were, all at the Immortal level!
Now that the sect had been destroyed and the disciples had all fallen, this should be the place where hundreds or thousands of Immortals had fallen!
“Mr Chen, did you know that this cave would lead here?”
Bing Lu asked curiously!
After all, Chen Ping had suddenly told them to stop going up the mountain and look for the cave halfway up the mountain, and then drilled into it without hesitation when he saw it!
It was as if Chen Ping had already known about it!
“Sort of!”
Chen Ping nodded!
Bing Lu and the others wondered how Chen Ping knew, but they did not ask!
Chen Ping chose not to say, so they did not have to ask anymore!
Chen Ping leapt and jumped down from that cave!
Bing Lu and the others followed closely behind!
When Chen Ping and the others landed in front of the Wuji Holy Sect’s gate, they realised the grandeur of the sect!
Just now, as they looked down, although they could see the immensity of the Wuji Sacred Sect, the sense of impact was not strong!
However, at this moment, as they stood in front of the gate, the several towering stone pillars seemed to rise straight up into the clouds!
The clan’s plaque on the ground was shattered, but the four big characters of the Wuji Sacred Sect could still be vaguely discerned!
“Wuji Sacred Sect? What kind of sect is this? I’ve never heard of it before?”
Bing Lu was curious.
“Is there such a sect in the Celestial Realm?”
Lan Yingying was also filled with curiosity!
“This is not a sect of the Celestial Realm, it is a sect of the Heavenly Realm.”
Chen Ping slowly said!
“What?”
Bing Lu and the others were instantly shocked!
“Mr Chen, how could a Heaven realm sect appear here? If this is a Heaven Realm Sect, then wouldn’t the people who died here all be Immortals?”
Lan Yingying breathed in sharply!
Originally, she thought that this was the place where Immortals fell, and it would be good to have one Immortal fall!
But if a clan’s Immortals had fallen, wouldn’t there be countless treasures left behind in this place?
“It should be!”
Chen Ping had no way to say clearly!