“Mr. Chen, Head of the Ren family, Xian, would like to meet you, I wonder if Mr. Chen has time?”
At this moment, Sun Simiao walked up to Chen Ping and asked in a small voice.
“Where is he?”
Chen Ping also wanted to see what big gift this Ren family would give him.
“Mr. Chen, you come with me ……”
Sun Simiao said, leading Chen Ping towards the back.
After pa*sing through a corridor and arriving at a private room, Sun Simiao pushed open the door and Chen Ping saw an old man of similar age to Sun Simiao, with white temples, sitting inside.
“Master Sun …………,” the old man saw Sun Simiao and hurriedly rose to greet him.
“Master Ren, this is Mr. Chen ……”
Sun Simiao said as he pointed to Chen Ping behind him.
Ren Xian hurriedly and enthusiastically walked up to Chen Ping: “I have always heard of Mr. Chen’s great name, but unfortunately I have never had the opportunity to meet him. Today, I am really fortunate to meet Mr. Chen ……”
Ren Xian’s attitude was very respectful, after all, Chen Ping’s fame was there, so he could not help but respect him.
“You are welcome, Master Ren ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, but he could tell that the Ren family must have something to ask him.
After several people entered the room, Ren Xian personally poured a cup of tea for Chen Ping.
“Master Ren Family, you asked me to invite Mr. Chen here, so I guess there must be something going on?”
Sun Si Miao threw in the towel and said.
“Yes, I have a treasure here that is simply a waste to keep in our Ren family, so I would like to give it to Mr. Chen ……”
Saying that, Ren Xian opened a leather bag by his side and immediately took out a tightly wrapped object from inside the bag.
When Ren Xian opened the wrapping layer by layer, a very delicate bronze censer was revealed.
The bronze censer was only palm-sized, and although it looked rusty, the runes engraved on it were very clear.
“Mr. Chen, this is a bronze censer that our ancestors plucked, I heard that it has thousands of years of history, it has been kept at home, I give it to Mr. Chen, I hope it will be useful to Mr. Chen ……”
Ren Xian pushed the bronze censer in front of Chen Pingde.
The Ren family’s ancestors were tomb robbers, and although he knew it was obtained from tomb robbing, Chen Ping did not break Ren Xian.
Chen Ping didn’t know much about cultural relics, but he was slightly disappointed to see how small the bronze censer was, what could such a small censer be used for?
Chen Ping felt it a little and did not feel the presence of spiritual energy within the bronze tripod, so it was useless to Chen Ping.
Nevertheless, Chen Ping took the bronze censer into his hand and tried to cover it with his probing power, but soon, Chen Ping had a strong sense of familiarity.
After considering it for a moment, Chen Ping frowned slightly and simply mobilised his whole body’s spiritual energy, forming a burst of fluctuations and gradually leaning towards the bronze tripod.
Buzzing ……
A trembling sound came, the green rust on the body of the tripod actually peeled off layer by layer, the size of the bronze tripod actually became bigger and bigger, and finally became the size of a plate, followed by a flash of green light, a brand new bronze tripod appeared in front of Chen Ping and them.
This made Ren Xian and Sun Simiao’s jaws drop, they didn’t know that the bronze censer could even grow bigger, this was simply amazing.
When Chen Ping saw this, he was also slightly stunned and then became surprised, it seemed that there must be something special about this bronze censer.
Looking at the bronze tripod in front of him, he saw that green inscriptions were floating all around it, and the whole bronze tripod gave a feeling of being thick and heavy.
The tripod was so well made that it could not be made by modern techniques, so it was certain that it was not an imitation.
Chen Ping looked at it carefully, almost to the point where he saw the word Shennong on the inside of the bronze tripod.
Shennong Ding?
Chen Ping sucked in a breath of cold air and could not believe his eyes.