“Elder Cui ……”
The old Sect Master shouted, Elder Cui instantly understood what it meant, and with his hands pinching, a huge formation slowly formed, enclosing Chen Ping and Huo Dong inside!
At the same time, the old Sect Master and that Huo Yuan Ting made a move at the same time, a curtain of light shot up into the sky, directly isolating the crowd!
Regardless of whether it was the old Sect Master or Huo Yuan Ting, although they had different political views, none of them wanted the Purple Flame Sect to end!
By isolating them in this way, they could avoid the aftershocks of the two men’s fight from injuring the many disciples of the Purple Flame Sect!
“Chen Ping, I don’t know where you get the courage to speak bullish and earth-shattering words, but I will let you taste my power!”
As Huo Dong finished speaking, gusts of black Qi emerged from his body, and in an instant, the black Qi transformed into a long sword, which was held in Huo Dong’s hand.
At the same time, Huo Dong’s face, began to become a little distorted, a seemingly ghostly face appeared on Huo Dong’s face!
At this moment, there was no need to say anything else, any fool would know who was colluding with the Ghost Face Sect!
The dirty water that Huo Yuanting had splashed on Elder Yu and the others was also not broken at this moment!
“Huo Yuan Ting, your son is actually someone from the Ghostface Sect, and you still dare to slander others, simply shameless ……”
The old Sect Master’s face was red with anger as he cursed at that Huo Yuan Ting!
Huo Yuan Ting, on the other hand, did not say a word and looked at the battlefield above with a grave expression!
If Huo Dong showed signs of being outmatched, he would not hesitate to throw the Divine Flame Seal for Huo Dong to use.
The Divine Flame Seal had already recognised its owner, and Huo Dong followed Huo Yuan Ting to share the same bloodline, so there was absolutely no problem for Huo Dong to use the Divine Flame Seal!
“Look at your inhuman, ghostly appearance, I feel sick to my stomach even competing with you!”
Chen Ping skimmed his mouth and casually took out the Dragon Cutting Sword!
“I’ll see how long you keep your mouth hard ……”
Huo Dong let out a furious shout as the black aura of his entire body instantly exploded, and the heavens and earth were directly shrouded in a thick black mist!
Huo Dong, on the other hand, transformed into a huge black beast, holding a long sword as he came towards Chen Ping!
With a body that was tens of feet tall, it was like a small mountain in front of Chen Ping!
It was as if the entire black mist was that Huo Dong’s figure!
The long sword that swung in was also more than ten zhang long, instantly tearing through the void and exuding a hellish, frenzied hiss!
Faced with Huo Dong’s attack, Chen Ping’s eyes slightly condensed!
Defying the enemy in terms of momentum and valuing the enemy in terms of tactics, Chen Ping would not truly underestimate every enemy!
Light shone brightly from the Dragon Cutting Sword as a subtle aura of Dao Rhythm emanated from the Dragon Cutting Sword!
“Nine Shadow Sword Technique …………”
Essence flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes, accompanied by a swing of the Dragon Beheading Sword!
Buzz!
On both sides of Chen Ping, white light instantly flashed, and an identical Chen Ping appeared!
There were six Chen Ping, all holding the Dragon Slashing Sword!
These six Chen Ping possessed the same aura and appearance!
The six swords were pointed at the black beast that Huo Dong had transformed into!
Seeing the sudden appearance of six identical Chen Ping, everyone was dumbfounded!
“What …… is going on here? Why are there six junior brothers?”
Zhu Ling was confused!
She liked Chen Ping, but with so many of them appearing all at once, which one did she really like?
Which one was real?
If all these Chen Ping were real, she couldn’t bear it herself ……
Zhu Ling blushed as she thought about it!
Looking at the blushing Zhu Ling, the old Sect Master seemed to have thought of something and hurriedly said, “Silly daughter, these Chen Ping are nothing but illusions, they are all shadows, there is only one real Chen Ping!”
Huo Yuan Ting was also slightly stunned before revealing a cold smile!
Using this kind of illusion to scare people was simply futile!
In front of absolute strength, all illusions were futile!
Just as Huo Yuan Ting had just smiled coldly, all six Chen Ping moved!
Brush, brush, brush!
Six sword qi streaked out, and for a time, the sword qi that shimmered with golden light followed that domineering black longsword as it continued to collide and explode!