“Mr. Chen, I will investigate this matter thoroughly!”
Ling Zhenchuan finished and looked at Li Weijian and Chen Baoqiang, “You two are removed from your posts from today and will be investigated when the time comes, if you are found to be corrupt, you will be severely punished!”
Poof …………
Li Weijian and Chen Baoqiang all sat down paralyzed with fear, if they were investigated, none of them would be able to escape!
“Mayor Ling, Mr. Chen, let’s talk somewhere else ……”
Lin Tianhu had already ordered someone to prepare the room again!
“Hm!” Ling Zhenchuan nodded, and then said to the few people who had come with him, “You guys go back and wait for me, I’ll be there in a moment!”
As a few people left, Ling Zhenchuan and Chen Ping also walked out of the private room, and as Lin Tianhu walked out, he coldly glanced at Li Weijian’s father and son and Chen Baoqiang’s family, with a bit of disdain in his eyes!
Looking at Chen Ping’s back, Chen Baoqiang’s family fell into deep remorse!
If they hadn’t treated Chen Ping’s family in such a way, would that have been a different outcome!
But where in the world is the medicine for regret!
…………
Chen Ping did not stay at the restaurant for too long, but simply followed Ling Zhenchuan for a few minutes. The reason why Ling Zhenchuan approached Chen Ping was to say thank you, and also for his own son, and he hoped that Chen Ping would let Ling Feng go!
Chen Ping didn’t care, as long as Ling Feng didn’t mess with him again, Chen Ping wouldn’t bother with Ling Feng!
When Chen Ping walked out of the restaurant, he found that his parents were rushing in!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Tang Hongying asked with a sweaty face.
“Mum, I’m fine, what’s all this hurry?”
Chen Ping asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“It’s not because I’m afraid something will happen to you, your father and I found some money, and I don’t know if it’s enough ……”
Tang Hongying opened the bag she had with her, it was full of money, both new and old, both zero and whole, a bag full of money, estimated to be 20 to 30 thousand!
The first thing you need to do is to look at the money inside, Chen Ping’s eyes instantly turned red, and he hugged Tang Hongying and said, “Mom, there’s no need, second uncle has already given money!”
The reason why Chen Ping was so excited was because he was thinking that when he got back, he would find a chance to ask his parents if he was a foundling or not!
But at this moment, Chen Ping didn’t want to ask anything, he didn’t care if he was a foundling, he only had his parents now!
“Your second uncle gave money? What kind of wind is he smoking?”
Tang Hongying was full of disbelief!
“Alright, as long as it’s alright, let’s hurry up and go, don’t stay here for long!”
Chen Baoguo urged, he always felt a sense of insecurity staying here!
After leaving, Chen Ping went home, while Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo went to pay back the money they had borrowed!
After he got home, Chen Ping sat on his bed with his knees crossed, intending to cultivate for a while!
But no matter how hard he tried to calm himself down, but to no avail, Chen Baoqiang’s wild words, always rang in Chen Ping’s ears!
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping roared, shaking his head desperately, trying to get rid of the voice, but it was no use at all!
Chen Ping knew that he had a demon in his heart, and the only way to get rid of it was to ask what he wanted to know!
But Chen Ping couldn’t open his mouth, he had no way to ask!
Ever since he was a child, both Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo had treated him with love and affection, and even if Chen Baoguo was strict, he had never hit him once!
Chen Ping had never thought that he wasn’t his biological parents, he had never had any such thoughts, but now, Chen Ping’s mind was in turmoil, he couldn’t be still anymore!
Tossing and turning like this, Chen Ping tossed and turned for half a day, until Tang Hongying called Chen Ping to have dinner, then Chen Ping came out of his room.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not look well, Tang Hongying hurriedly asked, “Chen Ping, are you sick?”