“Hahahaha, a good sword, really a good sword ……”
Looking at the Chopping Dragon Sword in his hand, Xiahou Dun laughed out loud, he did not expect that this Chopping Dragon Sword could even resonate with the user’s heart.
The other side of Ning Yu saw this, his eyes were envious, so it seems that this Zhan Long sword is much better than his Evil Punishing Sword.
“Now that I’ve given you the sword, can you not kill me anymore ……”
Chen Ping asked to the laughing Xiahou Dun.
“Not kill you?” Xiahou Dun smiled coldly, “If I don’t kill you, how can I be worthy of my son’s spirit in heaven, you go underground to guard my son’s grave ……”
After Xiahou Dun finished speaking, the Chopping Dragon Sword in his hand swung up, a large amount of powerful qi was applied to the Chopping Dragon Sword, and a black-brown flame began to rise above the Chopping Dragon Sword.
“So you are also an evil cultivator, no wonder your words are not true ……”
Chen Ping watched Xiahou Dun raise his Chopping Dragon Sword, not only did he not dodge, his face was also calm and collected.
Xiahou Dun did not say anything, but swung the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand down, and the terrifying sword Qi seemed to swallow Chen Ping up.
But just as Xiahou Dun swung the sword down towards Chen Ping, he suddenly found that the sword was not under his control, and the energy in his body was draining away, all being sucked away by the sword.
Xiahou Dun’s face changed greatly and he tried to throw the sword out, but found that it seemed to be stuck to his hand.
As the energy in his dantian continued to be sucked away by the Dragon Cutting Sword, Xiahou Dun’s eyes narrowed and a surge of energy erupted from his palm, sending the Dragon Cutting Sword flying out of his hand.
The sword flew into mid-air, followed by a pirouette, cutting a wound on Xiahou Dun’s left arm before flying back into Chen Ping’s hand.
Chen Ping gripped the Dragon Cutting Sword, and at this moment, all the powerful qi from the Dragon Cutting Sword entered Chen Ping’s body and replenished into Chen Ping’s dantian.
The Dragon Cutting Sword was already a part of Chen Ping’s body, like Chen Ping’s hands and feet.
Just now, when he saw that Xiahou Dun liked the Dragon Cutting Sword, Chen Ping had a plan. As long as Xiahou Dun held the Dragon Cutting Sword, Chen Ping could use the Heart Condensing Technique to draw the energy from Xiahou Dun’s body.
Although he was shaken away by Xiahou Dun in the end, Chen Ping’s strength was restored, while Xiahou Dun, on the other hand, not only lost a lot of energy, but also injured his left arm.
“Little beast, if I don’t kill you today, my name is not Xia ……”
Xiahou Dun looked at the wound on his arm, the whole person was furious, only to see a black and brown aura rising from his body, and the wound on his arm was healed at a speed visible to the naked eye.
At the same time, around Chen Ping and Xiahou Dun, a large black net, hundreds of metres in circumference, enveloped them, which was Xiahou Dun’s way of preventing Chen Ping from escaping.
Seeing that Xiahou Dun’s body was able to recover quickly, Chen Ping’s face could not help but change, so it seemed that this guy’s body, was even stronger than his own.
Then, a layer of black mist appeared on Xiahou Dun’s body, as if he was wearing a layer of armour, followed by a slap at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping raised his hand and wielded the Dragon Slashing Sword. The powerful sword qi of the Dragon Slashing Sword struck Xiahou Dun’s body with a fierce sound, but the sword failed to break Xiahou Dun’s defence.
The sword failed to break through Xiahou Dun’s defence, but Xiahou Dun did not slow down and slapped Chen Ping’s body with a fierce slap.
Chen Ping felt a tumbling in his internal organs, but at last he held himself together and slowly stood up.
Although Chen Ping’s internal organs were tossed and turned by this slap, his body was not hurt.
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually stood up without a single wound on his body, not even a palm mark was left behind, this made Xiahou Dun faintly stare.