Xu Changsheng and Yu Dong’s conversation had already been heard by Long Wu and Wu Mei’er who were not far away, and although the two people were talking in a very small voice, they were still heard word for word by Long Wu.
“Uncle Long, these two guys look like they have taken a fancy to your Marrow Cleansing Pill, who are they?”
Wu Mei’er asked.
“From the Pill God Valley, I didn’t expect that this time Chen Ping and Qin Xiaolin’s absolute had attracted even people from the Pill God Valley.”
Long Wu said indifferently.
“Pill God Valley?” Wu Mei’er faintly stared, “I’ve heard that these guys from the Pill God Valley are self-respecting and have always held themselves in high regard as a famous sect, so how come they’ve gotten up to mischief as well?”
“Humph!” Long Wu snorted coldly, “In front of absolute interests, there is no such thing as a famous sect, you forget who picked you up and handed you over to me when you were a child.”
Hearing this, Wu Mei’er’s face changed slightly and said with slight sadness, “I heard from Uncle Long that it was Ding Buzan of the Valley of the Wicked who handed me over to you.”
Long Wu nodded, “The world is full of rumours that those guys from the Valley of the Wicked are evil, but when that Ding Buzan saw you on the road, he still picked you up, can you say that Ding Buzan is evil?”
Wu Mei’er shook her head and then said, “Uncle Long, didn’t you say that you would take me to the Valley of the Wicked sometime? I want to go and meet my saviour ……”
“Well, let’s wait until after the 15th of July, maybe I’ll have to ask these guys from the Valley of Evil for help then, the Dragon Family won’t let Chen Ping off easily, relying only on me and the Dragon Steward, I’m afraid it will be hard to protect him ……”
Long Wu said, his face becoming increasingly gloomy.
“Uncle Long, what exactly is this Chen Ping’s identity? Why do you and Grandpa Long both have to fight tooth and nail to protect him?”
Wu Mei’er asked curiously.
“The less you know now, the better, and also you should not use your charm technique indiscriminately everywhere, this natural charm bone physique of yours, if someone with an intention knows about it, you will be in trouble ……”
Long Wu admonished.
“Got it!” Wu Mei’er nodded her head.
Just as Long Wu and Wu Mei’er were talking, there was a sudden commotion from the crowd.
“Qin Xiaolin has come out ……”
Along with someone shouting, the crowd looked towards the ring in unison and found Qin Xiaolin in the lead, gently leaping to the top of the ring, while behind Qin Xiaolin, they were followed by Qin Xiaotian and a group of Qin family’s underlings.
“This Qin Xiaolin has really reached the strength of a Martial Sect, it seems that he is not blowing it!”
“I’m afraid that the Qin family’s strength will rise to another level, can’t you see that those Qin family subordinates are all Zongshi, there are even Grand Zongshi among them!”
“This Chen Ping is just an inconspicuous person, but he has provoked this huge Qin family.
“Ai, dying at a young age ……”
The crowd was talking, but their eyes were still glued to the top of the ring, they knew that after Qin Xiaolin got on the stage, it would then be Chen Ping, they wanted to see what Chen Ping really looked like.
Just after Qin Xiaolin got into the ring, Chen Ping came out of the lounge with the crowd following him.
With the appearance of Chen Ping, the whole stadium seemed to explode as everyone craned their necks to get a better look.
“Holy sh*t, is the youngest one in front of him Chen Ping? The young man is quite talented ……”
“Isn’t that Bai Xiushan, the head of the Bai family, and Zhao Wuji, the head of the Kyoto Dharma Protection Pavilion, following behind? When did they meet this Chen Ping?”
“No wonder this Chen Ping dares to accept the challenge at such a young age, it turns out that he has someone behind him. But even if the Bai family and the Kyoto Dharma Protecting Pavilion back him up, that Qin Xiaolin will not let him go, after all, the revenge of killing his son is unbreakable ……”
The crowd was all astonished.