Zhao Wuji was dumbfounded, he had seen Chen Ping’s ability, and he knew that Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator, even if he couldn’t resist Dali’s punch, he shouldn’t have been sent flying that far away, it looked like Chen Ping didn’t have the slightest resistance at all?
What was Chen Ping doing?
Was he killing himself?
Zhao Wuji couldn’t understand why Chen Ping would do this!
“Hahahaha, Pavilion Master Zhao, this is the helper you found? Isn’t this just a fool? I really can’t understand how he killed that Qian Feng and by what he killed my puppet worms, for such a goods, the Qin family even offered 10 million, I’m really a bit embarra*sed to ask for so much.”
The Dali head laughed out loud with a harrumph.
He really didn’t expect that getting rid of Chen Ping would be so easy and smooth, it was effortless, he had originally planned for five people to join forces, but he didn’t expect that Chen Ping wouldn’t even be able to resist one punch from him.
Zhao Wuji’s face turned red and white when he was told by the head of the Dali, but he could not refute it, so he could only look at the head of the Dali coldly and said, “Mr. Chen is the saviour of Mr. Chang, if you kill him now, the leader of the Dali will not give up easily. …”
“Pavilion Master Zhao, I advise you to see reality, with just you people, you can’t stop us at all, better behave and move aside, lest I make a move ……”
The Dali head said without the slightest thought.
“In that case, then let’s do it!”
Zhao Wuji said, his aura instantly erupting, while the other members of the Dharma Protecting Pavilion that followed him all stepped closer, surrounding the five of them in the middle of Dali Head!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, are you really going to force me to make a move?”
Dali Head’s eyes faintly stared, a chill in his eyes.
“Cut the crap, order to re-body, there is no way I will let you go, I know you are highly skilled in your arts, but unfortunately you forget that this is Kyoto, it is my territory!”
After Zhao Wuji finished speaking, suddenly from the fences and roofs around the courtyard, another group of members of the Guardian Pavilion appeared, but these people all held sniper rifles in their hands, one by one the red dots of the scopes fell on the five men of the Dali head.
These men were Zhao Wuji’s killers, and he could not pin all his hopes on Chen Ping alone, although Kyoto does not allow the ma*s use of firearms, and the Dali head men were not guilty to death, if the sniper rifle was used, it would be very difficult for these men to survive, and then the wrath of the Miao Village would really be aroused, and it would not end well at the back!
But now Chen Ping’s life is not yet known, but the Dali head these people insist on leaving, simply do not listen to Zhao Wuji, Zhao Wuji has no choice, so let the sniper show up.
Sure enough, looking at the sniper who appeared, the few Dali Heads’ faces clearly had caution and panic on them, although they were very strong and skilled in their arts, they were not yet to the point where they were fearless of firearms, their bodies were also long and fleshy, if they were really hit by a shot, it would be a bloody hole.
“Zhao Wuji, are you trying to lay a hit on us?”
Dali Head frowned furiously and looked at Zhao Wouji with a face of anger!
All of them had used snipers, so it was obvious that they were going to put them down with guns.
“You guys behave yourselves and come with me now, I can guarantee your safety, if you dare to resist, shoot to kill ……”
Zhao Wuji said with a grim face.
The phrase “Do not kill” caused the Dali head to instantly become furious.
“A good sentence of “Do not kill, don’t blame me for being ungracious today…………”
After the Dali head finished speaking, his hands fiercely choked, followed by a mantra that said, “Punish the Buddha and Ghost Miasma!”
With the incantation of the Dali Head, a rustling sound could be heard immediately afterwards, and a cloud of black mist surrounded several people of the Dali Head.
Zhao Wuji froze, his brows locked as he listened to the strange sound.