“Fourth Prince, since you don’t believe in this Chen Ping, why did you still come to this Xiao Dynasty with him, wouldn’t it have been fine to just arrest him directly?”
The Flower Staff Weng asked with some doubts!
It was all seven points of falsehood, then it seemed that Lin Kefan did not truly believe in Chen Ping!
Lin Kefan, however, smiled slightly and said, “I didn’t say I didn’t believe him ah, three points of truth is also true ……”
“I’m betting that his words are true, and that we’ll be able to get a large number of Immortal Spirit Stones at that time.”
“If his words are false, then we won’t lose anything, it’s just a waste of two days.”
“Wouldn’t it be the same if we were to bring him back to Sun Moon City at that time?”
“Fourth Prince is brilliant ……,” Flower Cane Weng hurriedly gave a thumbs up!
Ink Killing Shadow, on the other hand, blankly glanced at that Flower Scepter Weng and coldly snorted, “Horse’s arse ……”
The Flower Staff Weng was just about to get angry when he saw Chen Ping walk in!
“The Immortal Spirit Stones won’t arrive until after two days, so for these two days, it’s better for the three of you to temporarily use Immortal Pills and various Immortal Herbs to cultivate!”
With that, Chen Ping took out a large amount of pills and immortal herbs from his storage ring!
This time, Chen Ping had almost emptied himself of all the resources he had on him, in order to make Lin Kefan’s few people believe in him!
The dialogue between the three just now, Chen Ping had heard it all, so it turned out that this Lin Kefan did not completely trust himself!
Seeing Chen Ping take out so many pills and immortal herbs in one go, the three of them, Lin Kefan, were all a little shocked!
They didn’t understand how one person could have so many resources on him.
Chen Ping actually didn’t want to carry so many resources on him, but his cultivation consumption was many times that of other cultivators!
With so many resources in front of him, even if he consumed them all, Chen Ping might not even be able to raise a small realm!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I’ve lived for thousands of years, you’re the most generous person I’ve ever seen, it’s a wise choice to follow you!”
Mo Killing Shadow walked up to Chen Ping and said with some excitement!
This fellow, at this moment, had completely fallen into the future that Chen Ping had sketched out!
Saying such words in front of Lin Kefan, he didn’t even consider what Lin Kefan was thinking!
After all, Mo Killing Shadow was still Lin Kefan’s follower and was following Lin Kefan!
Listening to Mo Killing Shadow’s words, Lin Kefan just gave a cold look and didn’t say anything!
After all, in front of Chen Ping, Lin Kefan couldn’t let Chen Ping see anything fishy!
“Don’t worry, as long as you hang out with me, what I have, you all have, even if I don’t have it, I will find a way to get it and share it with you.”
Chen Ping patted his chest and said!
Chen Ping’s words had just fallen, when suddenly there was a dangling sound, as if something had fallen to the ground!
“I’m sorry, I just slapped my body and my bow fell off ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he bent down to pick it up!
“Brother Chen, wait a moment ……”
Looking at the Divine King’s Bow that fell from Chen Ping’s body, Lin Kefan came to say that he suddenly changed and shouted Chen Ping to a halt!
The Flower Staff Weng and Ink Slayer Shadow also discovered the Divine King Bow and were all filled with surprise!
“What’s wrong?”Chen Ping asked with a feigned look of confusion!
“Brother Chen, this bow of yours, is it the Divine King’s Bow?”
Lin Kefan carefully picked up the Divine King Bow!
“Yes, it’s the Divine King Bow, I didn’t expect you to be quite knowledgeable.”Chen Ping said with a snicker!
Lin Kefan held the Divine King’s Bow as the pupils in his eyes continued to contract, the greed bursting out of his eyes undisguised!
The Flower Staff Weng and Ink Slayer Shadow also came forward and carefully stroked the Divine King Bow with their hands!
“Good bow, really good bow ah, I didn’t think I’d be able to see the legendary God King’s Bow ……”
Lin Kefan licked his lips, his body trembling slightly!
“A bow is just a bow, as to this expression, if you like it, it’s directly given to you!”
Chen Ping looked at Lin Kefan’s expression and said generously with a wave of his hand!
“Many thanks brother Chen ……”
Lin Kefan was full of excitement and said that he was going to put away the Divine King Bow!
Chen Ping: “???”
“Haha, let your kid pretend to be a bully, the God King Bow is also given away ……” Red Cloud Demon Monarch laughed shamefully at Chen Ping!