Seeing that Zhou Jie had said this, Chen Ping could only nod, “Alright then, we’ll leave in two days!”
Because it was too late, Chen Ping did not bother too much and got up to leave, but just as Chen Ping walked out of Pocky Hu’s room, he then heard Zhou Jie’s screams coming out again!
Chen Ping smiled lightly, this Hu Pazzi was not very strong, but this bedside manner was really unmatched ……
The next day, Chen Ping piled up the herbs sent by the Dragon Sect and Xu Changsheng!
Although this huge pile of medicinal herbs was a huge amount of cultivation resources for others!
But for Chen Ping, he didn’t know if this pile of medicinal herbs could propel him into the ninth grade Grand Martial Marquis.
Chen Ping took the Divine Peasant Cauldron out!
“Rise …………”
With a casual gesture, a golden flame emerged from Chen Ping’s palm, followed by the flame seemingly being attracted and instantly going to the Shennong Cauldron!
And the piles of spiritual herbs flew into the Shennong Cauldron one after another!
Crackling and popping!
There was a sound inside the Shennong Cauldron, and those medicinal herbs were instantly devoured by the spirit fire, before turning into medicinal juice, and then into a pill that solidified!
Soon, a pile of medicinal herbs was now transformed into a dozen or so flickering spirit gathering pills!
Chen Ping looked at the Spirit Gathering Pills and started swallowing them without hesitation!
The Spirit Gathering Pill was very powerful, and with the refinement of the Divine Peasant Cauldron, it was thought to be much stronger than absorbing the herbs directly!
As Chen Ping swallowed one by one, the spiritual energy in his body boiled and surged, and even his skin glowed brightly!
Chen Ping could feel that he was getting closer and closer to being a Ninth Grade Grand Martial Marquis!
Two days later, a terrifying aura emanated from within Chen Ping’s room!
Although Chen Ping needed several times, or even tens of times, more resources to advance each small realm than others!
But equally the strength and shock that Chen Ping brought with each small realm he advanced to was also immense!
At this moment, although Chen Ping had only been promoted to Ninth Grade Grand Martial Marquis, the aura that he exuded was much larger than before!
“Brother Chen Ping has broken through again ……”
Long Xingxu’s eyes were filled with envy as he felt the terrifying aura emanating from Chen Ping’s room!
Chen Ping slowly stretched out his palm, a faint glow faintly emitted from his palm, along with the increase in Chen Ping’s strength, this physical body of Chen Ping had also become even stronger!
Walking out of the room, Hu Ma Zi was already waiting for him!
“Chen Ping, you’ve improved again?”
Pocky Hu asked with a delighted expression.
“It’s just a small realm upgrade!”
Chen Ping spoke slowly!
“You fellow, raising a small realm is even more dramatic than others raising a large realm!”
Hu Ma Zi laughed, then continued, “Aren’t you going to say goodbye to those little lovers of yours?”
“No, save them the worry ……”
Chen Ping shook his head.
“I can say it right, if your little lovers know you left without saying goodbye and want to mess with you, don’t say I didn’t warn you?”
Pocky Hu gave a slightly deep smile!
Looking at that expression on Pocky Hu’s face, Chen Ping knew that Gu Ling’er and the girls must have known about his going to the island.
Before Chen Ping could say anything, Gu Ling’er and the others had already arrived.
“Chen Ping, you went to the island country and you didn’t even tell us?”
“If it wasn’t for Sister Zhou Jie telling us, we would still be kept in the dark by you?”
“What do you take us for? Trying to tell us everything?”
A group of women gathered around Chen Ping and started to verbally attack him!
This had left Chen Ping a bit at a loss, he didn’t even know how to explain!
“Sisters, come on, Chen Ping is also thinking of us and is afraid that we will worry.”
“Let’s not cause him any more trouble, let’s hope that everything will be safe once he arrives on the island!”
Ji Ru Xue spoke up, and as the oldest sister, Ji Ru Xue spoke up, and the group of women shut up!
After following the group of women and saying goodbye, Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi left Dragon Gate and embarked on their trip to the island ……