Originally, they had come over to see if they could find a treasure, but now things had turned out like this, so Gu Mantian needed to ask Chen Ping when to go back next, after all, they had come in one car and had to listen to Chen Ping’s arrangements!
“Gu Gu, you take Yu Qi and also Ling’er and go back first, I’m going to stay in Kyoto for a few days to take care of some things ……”
Chen Ping didn’t say what the matter was, he was afraid that Su Yuqi would be worried.
“What are you staying for? I’m staying too ……”
Once Su Yuqi heard this, she immediately asked to stay as well.
“I’ll stay too, it’s just the right time to accompany Yuqi to stroll around Kyoto, there are a lot of famous places here ……”
Gu Ling’er also said she wanted to stay.
“No, you guys must go back, you have to leave today ……”
Without hesitation, Chen Ping refused to let them stay.
The reason why Chen Ping refused was because Kyoto was not like other places, especially after Chen Ping knew that Kyoto had crouching tigers and hidden dragons, he dared not let Su Yuqi stay here even more, if the Qin family secretly made bad intentions and let people do harm to Su Yuqi, it would be too late to regret.
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping with that look on her face, but she didn’t dare to play small and force herself to stay.
“I can tell you, you stay in Kyoto, don’t mess around with flowers for me, if I find out, I can’t spare you ……”
Su Yuqi pouted her lips and said.
“Don’t worry, although Kyoto is a big city, but you can’t find a beautiful, gentle and virtuous woman like you ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
This sentence, but Su Yuqi said a big red face, mouth muttered: “Hum, you must be against your heart ……”
Although she said this, Su Yuqi’s heart had long since burst into joy.
On the side, Gu Ling’er looked at Chen Ping following Su Yuqi’s flirting and had an indescribable feeling in her heart, biting her lips tightly.
Gu Wentian looked at his granddaughter’s expression and shook his head with a slight sigh, could he not understand Gu Ling’er’s mind.
However, Chen Ping was not a creature of the pool, and if he did not mind having a few more confidants, Gu Wentian would not mind letting Gu Ling’er accompany Chen Ping.
When Gu Wentian took Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er away, Bai Xiushan wanted to invite Chen Ping to stay with the Bai family for a few days, but Chen Ping did not want to be too much trouble and did not go, instead he asked Zhao Wuji to find a hotel for himself.
“Mr. Chen, you can rest at the hotel for now, when I have news of those people from the Miao Village, I will inform Mr. Chen ……”
The matter of finding those people from the Miao Village did not need Chen Ping’s help, after all, Chen Ping was also unfamiliar in Kyoto, so the matter of finding people would be done by Zhao Wuji, but after finding them, to keep them, it would be Chen Ping’s turn to do so.
“Well, when you have news, call me anytime ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Zhao Wuji left, and Chen Ping had wanted to cultivate inside the hotel for a while, but in a busy city like Kyoto, the spiritual energy was even less, it had reached a point where it seemed to be there, so it was a waste of time without resources.
Looking at the darkness outside, Bai Xiushan called Chen Ping and wanted to invite him for a meal, but Chen Ping also declined.
The neon lights on the road slowly began to light up, setting off the whole of Kyoto beautifully, Chen Ping walked downstairs, intending to go for a casual walk on the road!
At this moment, in the middle of the Qin family’s hall, although there was a table of food set up, no one had moved their chopsticks, Qin Xiaotian had a gloomy face, and the atmosphere in the hall was very depressing.
“Dad, isn’t it just a Chen Ping, since we know he has come to Kyoto, why don’t we just send someone to chop him up and avenge my brother?”
On Qin Xiaotian’s side, a young man who was only in his twenties asked.