Before Di Chongjing could think of a way out, the people on both sides had already killed each other!
Soon, the numerous disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect were beheaded and fell one by one!
To their deaths, they couldn’t understand why things had turned out this way!
Joining the Blood and Bone Sect was for the purpose of raising their cultivation and allowing their strength to grow rapidly, but they could see that they were now being killed just like this!
The people of the Soul Demon Sect and the Broad Cold Palace were all in high spirits as they killed!
Especially the disciples of the Soul Demon Sect, all of them had red eyes and killing intent, not giving the Blood and Bone Sect’s disciples the slightest chance to live!
Many of their brothers had died at the hands of the Blood and Bone Sect, and now it was finally time for revenge!
Chen Ping did not make a move, instead, he stared at Di Chong Jing closely, this time he could not possibly let that Di Chong Jing escape!
Di Chong Jing’s face was ashen at this moment, watching his disciples fall one by one, but he did not have the slightest solution!
Now he, could only hope on his Eldest Senior Brother!
“Eldest Senior Brother, Eldest Senior Brother …………”
Di Chongjing riveted his strength and suddenly shouted loudly!
Along with Di Chongjing’s loud shout, one of the largest bone mountains behind the Blood Bone Sect suddenly began to shake violently!
Countless skeletons began to fly around, and a thick Yin Fiendish Qi emerged from that bone mountain!
Sensing this sinister aura, Patriarch Jiang and the others all stopped and stared blankly!
Di Chongjing, on the other hand, had a face of surprise and hurriedly shouted, “Hahaha, Eldest Brother, it’s Eldest Brother who has come out of the gate ……”
Rumble …………
The bone mountain crumbled as a silhouette soared into the sky and then landed beside Di Chongjing!
This person was dressed in a black python robe, and his entire body was shrouded in a special aura!
And underneath that black robe, this person’s flesh was unexpectedly rotten, emitting a foul odour.
“Eldest senior brother, these people killed second senior brother and destroyed the Blood Bone Sect, you must not let them go!”
Di Chongjing pointed at Chen Ping and the others and said!
“Eldest Senior Brother, how did you become like this?”
Sovereign Jiang stepped forward and looked at the Eldest Senior Brother in front of him and asked!
“Senior Brother Jiang, originally I didn’t want to care, but you guys disturbed my cultivation, causing me to fail in my impact, this responsibility must be paid by you!”
Sovereign Jiang’s eldest senior brother said with an icy voice!
“Eldest senior brother, have you forgotten the teachings of your master before he died? Look at your current appearance, even if you do cultivate to the Immortalisation Realm, it will be very difficult for you to actually ascend to Immortality.”
Patriarch Jiang said!
“Shut up, I will be able to become an Immortal, for sure ……”
“You guys destroyed the Blood and Bone Sect and made me fail in my impact on the third rank of the Mahayana Realm, I have to kill you guys today!”
The black python robe on his body shattered with a sound as the eldest senior brother finished speaking!
Looking at the rotting body on his body, as well as the exposed white bones, everyone was startled1
Even Di Chongjing, who was on the side, was filled with shock, not thinking that his Eldest Senior Brother had become like this!
Only to see this Eldest Senior Brother violently open his mouth and inhale, those Blood and Bone Sect cultivators who had just died, all of them emerged from their bodies in a black mist, which he inhaled inside his body!
“Dead Qi, this guy even absorbed dead Qi to cultivate ……”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
“Deadly Qi?”Chen Ping was slightly stunned.
“Even in the Devil Realm, there are very few people who utilise dead qi to cultivate, because dead qi cultivation, belongs to the cultivation method that kills the enemy by a thousand and damages itself by eight hundred.”
“It seems that this guy is really ruthless to himself, sucking blood and gnawing bones is not enough, but he even wants to absorb the last mouthful of dead qi in the body of a dead person.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord marvelled somewhat!
At this moment, the rotting flesh on that big senior brother’s body, unexpectedly began to grow rapidly, followed by a black line appearing on his body, two horns grew above his head, his mouth was full of fangs, his appearance was simply bizarrely ugly, and he could not see the human form at all!