Inside the Demon Spirit Sect!
Upon Zhou Jie’s return to the Demon Spirit Sect, he found a somewhat gloomy atmosphere within the main hall!
Song Qingping was sitting in the position of Vice-Patriarch, while below him sat the many deacons of the Demon Spirit Sect.
Sensing the gloomy atmosphere, Zhou Jie couldn’t help but cautiously step forward and said to Song Qingping, “Vice Patriarch, you’re looking for me ……”
“Zhou Jie, has that Chen Ping found the place where the medicinal herb came out?”
Song Qingping asked.
“It will be Vice Patriarch’s words, it has been found, only that someone has short-changed him and set up a spell formation at the place where that medicinal herb emerged!”
Zhou Jie said truthfully.
“A spell formation? What kind of person could know in advance where the herb was born?”
Song Qingping said with a slight daze.
“It seems to be a person called Wan Hong, said to be a master of some kind of deduction ……”
Zhou Jie replied.
“Wan Hong?” Song Qingping frowned, but he hadn’t heard of this name before.
At this time, Deacon Lu from below said, “Vice Patriarch, this Wan Hong is indeed a very famous deduction master, it is said that he has comprehended the Heavenly Dao, and nothing can be hidden from him.”
“It wouldn’t be strange if it was him who had deduced ahead of time to find where the herbs were located. ”
“So there’s this kind of miracle man, it looks like we’ll still have some difficulty in getting our hands on that medicinal herb.”
Song Qingping’s face looked difficult!
When Zhou Jie heard this, she was very surprised and said, “Vice Patriarch, isn’t that herb something we gave to Mr. Chen? Do we have to seize it ourselves?”
Song Qingping snorted coldly, “It would be fine if it was a normal herb, that is a ten thousand year old herb, how can we give it to him so easily, that would cost us too much.”
“I called you back so that you can secretly watch that Chen Ping, as long as that Chen Ping gets his hands on the ten thousand year herb, you will find a way to get your hands on the herb!”
Song Qingping wanted Zhou Jie to take the opportunity to steal the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb from Chen Ping’s hand!
When Zhou Jie heard this, she instantly looked bitter, “Vice Patriarch, you are not unaware of that Chen Ping’s ability, how could I possibly get the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb out of his hands ……”
“Vice Patriarch, that Chen Ping is highly powerful, even if he is unguarded, it is almost impossible for Zhou Jie to steal the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb from Chen Ping’s side.”
“I’ve heard that Chen Ping still has a treasure storage ring on him, he puts everything in it, there is no way for others to get to it, that Blood Devil’s flesh should also be within that storage ring!”
At this time, Deacon Lu got up and said to Song Qingping.
Upon hearing this, Song Qingping’s brow furrowed slightly, but then it relaxed and he took out a bottle of colourless and odourless liquid from his arms.
“Zhou Jie, this is Dispersing Energy Water, as soon as that Chen Ping gets the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb, you will find a way to make him take this Dispersing Energy Water, then that Chen Ping will have his hands tied and be captured!”
Song Qingping tossed the Dissipating Energy Water in his hand to Zhou Jie!
Zhou Jie held the Dissipative Energy Water in her hand and said with a puzzled expression, “Vice Patriarch, isn’t our Demonic Spirit Sect going to follow Mr. Chen’s cooperation? If we do this, then will Mr. Chen still follow us and cooperate?”
“Let’s not talk about cooperation now, the 10,000 year medicinal herb, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity, our Demon Spirit Sect must get our hands on it, do as I instructed!”
With a wave of his hand, Song Qingping told Zhou Jie to leave!
Zhou Jie had no choice but to turn around and leave, after Zhou Jie left, Song Qingping looked at those deacons in front of him and said, “Now that the aura recovery is right around the corner, our Demon Spirit Sect must also act as quickly as possible.”
“Our first goal now is to eradicate the Zheng Family, or make the Zheng Family submit to us, so that South Lake City becomes the territory of our Demon Spirit Sect!”
“In this way, our Demon Spirit Sect can develop, and from now on, along with the recovery of spiritual energy, our Demon Spirit Sect will have to occupy more places and let the whole world know about our Demon Spirit Sect.