“Qi-by-Qi Pill?” Yue Buqun a few people were slightly stunned!
“How come there’s this kind of elixir, what about the Pill Refining Sect not giving it to my master? This way the evil Qi in my master’s body can be forced out of his body, and also in not having to suffer the torture of using the Yuan Enhancement Pill to suppress and renew his life.”
Liu Xing asked in disbelief.
“Perhaps that Pill Refining Sect simply cannot refine this Qi Expelling Pill, or maybe there is no recipe for it!”
Chen Ping explained with a faint smile!
“How is that possible, in the entire Martial Dao world, there are almost no alchemists that can match the Pill Refining Sect.”
“Even that Pill God Valley in the Kyoto Martial Dao World is a small witch compared to the Pill Refining Sect ……”
Liu Xing simply did not believe that there were still pills that the Pill Refining Sect could not refine!
After hearing this, Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Although your seclusion from the world can increase your cultivation speed, it also limits your thinking.”
“Although I don’t know about that pill refining clan you are talking about, the pills that I can refine, they certainly can’t refine.”
“And that Pill God Valley that you are talking about, I am the valley master ……”
When Chen Ping finished his words, he immediately shocked Liu Xing and the others.
“How is that possible? You are so young, how can you be the valley master of the Pill God Valley?”
“Moreover, alchemists are different from us martial artists who cultivate, it takes a lot of experience and time to learn.”
“Which of the senior alchemists nowadays are not over old?”
Liu Xing said as he shook his head in disbelief at all.
Seeing that no amount of explanation could convince the other party, Chen Ping could only smile lightly and said, “Whether I have that ability or not, one test will tell, I will give you a prescription, go and grab the medicine according to the records on it.”
“When I have refined the Qi Expelling Pill and forced out the evil spirit in Patriarch Yue’s body, you will naturally believe it too!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and took a pen and paper directly from the table and wrote a prescription!
Liu Xing took the prescription, the herbs on it, they all had them in the Pure Yang Clan, to know that they were all cultivation resources as well!
Liu Xing looked at Yue Buqun, while Yue Buqun nodded and said, “Trust this little brother for once, go and get the medicine ……”
Soon, Liu Xing had to be caught!
Chen Ping didn’t hesitate, he directly took the divine Nong Cauldron out of his storage ring!
Immediately after putting all the medicines inside the Shennong Cauldron, his palm flicked and a light blue flame pulsated in his palm!
Chen Ping then waved his hand, and the blue flame in his hand instantly began to burn inside the divine Nong Cauldron!
Chen Ping sat down on his knees and poured a stream of spiritual energy into the Cauldron!
As Yue Buqun and the others watched Chen Ping, they all kept quiet and watched in silence!
An hour later, a faint light flickered in the Divine Peasant Cauldron.
Chen Ping also got up and walked over to the Divine Peasant Cauldron!
Liu Xing rushed over and found a brown pill inside the Shennong Cauldron, emitting light!
Chen Ping did not use his hand to take it, but with a flick of his hand, the Qi-by-Qi pill rose into the air and instantly landed in front of Yue Buqun!
“Patriarch Yue, take this pill, and the evil Qi in your body will be forced out.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Yue Buqun nodded and swallowed the Qi Expelling Pill without hesitation!
Soon, Yue Buqun’s face began to look ugly, followed by a face full of grimace and a painful expression!
His hands were clenched in his fists, as if he was suffering great pain!
Seeing this, Liu Xing and Liu Rui hurriedly rushed over!
“Master ……”
“Master …………”
The two shouted, but at this moment Yue Buqun’s face was bulging with veins, his eyes were wide open, his mouth was open, but he couldn’t say anything!
“Kid, you dare to harm my master ……”
Seeing this, Liu Xing’s body was filled with anger, and he smashed his fist out towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body retreated backwards, dodging Liu Xing’s fist, and hurriedly explained, “Don’t misunderstand, the Qi Expelling Pill has to force out the evil spirit Qi, and must experience such pain ……”
But where did Liu Xing listen to Chen Ping’s explanation, he kept attacking towards Chen Ping, who could only desperately dodge!