Clang …………
The two swords clashed with a loud clang, and the sparks splashed in all directions made the whole cave brighten up considerably.
With this clash, Long Xiao only felt a vague pain in his tiger mouth, but when he looked at Chen Ping, he found that Chen Ping didn’t seem to be doing anything.
“Come again ……”
Long Xiao swung his sword again and Chen Ping did not show any weakness, and the two instantly fought together.
The sword qi scattered all around, causing rocks to fly throughout the cave, and the two fought for a hundred strokes before they could tell the winner.
When Guo Wei saw this, he waved his hand and a huge bolt of energy went towards Chen Ping, slapping him on the body itself.
Chen Ping’s body fell from mid-air like a kite with a broken string, while that Long Xiao took the opportunity to use his sword to pick the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers Figure behind Chen Ping’s back, and then grabbed it into his own hand.
Chen Ping’s body fell heavily to the ground, sending Chen Ping reeling and his head spinning.
“Big Brother Chen ……” Zhao Barging hurriedly went forward and helped Chen Ping up.
Chen Ping looked at that Guo Wei angrily, this guy sneak attacked himself, simply too shameless.
After Long Xiao got the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, he immediately went back to Guo Wei and handed the painting to him.
Guo Wei opened the painting and immediately a majestic and refreshing aura came over him, making one feel very comfortable.
At this moment, the scene in the painting had turned into a lotus pond, with a lotus flower in bloom and a drop of dew on it, vivid as life!
“A good painting, really a good painting ……”
Guo Wei’s eyes straightened as he looked at the 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers picture in front of him.
“You despicable fellow, how dare you attack from behind, you are worthy of being a director of the Martial Union even if you are like this ……”
Chen Ping looked at Guo Wei angrily and cursed.
The corners of Guo Wei’s mouth lifted slightly: “You say I sneak attacked, who saw me sneak attack? You ask these people, who saw it? Don’t think that you can do whatever you want just because Mr. Shi is covering you, even if I kill you here, what can that Mr. Shi do to me?”
Guo Wei’s words made Chen Ping furious, but in this situation now, Chen Ping had no other choice but to be patient.
Seeing that Chen Ping had shut up, Guo Wei proudly put the painting away and then said to Hu Baqi, “Master Hu, can you see if there is a mechanism on this bronze coffin?”
Hu Baqi went up and looked carefully at the bronze coffin above his head, but nothing could be seen because of the rust stains on it.
“Councilor Guo, this bronze coffin does not look wrong, to know if there is a mechanism on this bronze coffin, you have to go up and check it out.”
Hu Baqi said.
“Good then, go up and check it out, if you can, it would be best to open the bronze coffin and see if there are any good things inside.”
Guo Wei nodded his head and said.
Hu Baqi gently clicked the ground and his body flew straight up to the sky, landing firmly on top of the bronze coffin.
Hu Baqi looked at the rust on the bronze coffin and began to sweep it off with his hand, soon a slightly raised dragon head appeared on the coffin, and around the dragon head were many dense words that Hu Baqi could not understand.
The first thing he did was to grab the dragon head with his hand and turn it carefully, knowing that this must be the opening mechanism of the bronze coffin.
Creaking …………
The bronze coffin shifted slightly as an ear-piercing scraping sound rang out. Seeing this, Hu Baqi leapt straight down and landed back on the ground.
Everyone looked up at the bronze coffin, only to see that the rust on the coffin all fell off, and the strange writing on the coffin began to glow, and soon the writing seemed to float from the coffin into mid-air, followed by a burst of golden light!
Everyone was startled, and soon the golden light formed a huge net that enveloped the entire cave, followed by a brutal and incomparable suppressive force that directly suppressed the powerful qi from the crowd.