Seeing that the two underlings were not moving, Yumiko could only grunt coldly and continued to walk forward, while the two underlings followed behind!
But just as Yumiko had taken a couple of steps, she stopped abruptly and her face suddenly changed!
Before she could react, seven or eight men in black, masked and armed with samurai swords, rushed out from both sides of the road and headed straight for Yumiko!
The two underlings behind Yumiko saw this and instantly drew their swords and rushed forward!
“Onii-chan, run away …………”
One of the underlings yelled!
Yumiko was a bit surprised, she knew that in the island country, their Watanabe family was one of the best, and no one dared to mess with their Watanabe family in Xijing!
But today, someone had made a move against her, the Watanabe family’s eldest daughter, in broad daylight, this was unbelievable!
But there was no time for Yumiko to think about it, as her two men were quickly hacked to death!
Yumiko could only turn around quickly and run away as fast as she could!
At this moment, Yumiko’s head was blank!
Behind her, several men in black were in hot pursuit, seemingly determined to catch Yumiko!
After running for some distance, Yumiko’s body suddenly bumped into a man, almost knocking her to the ground!
Yumiko raised her eyes and found that the person she had bumped into was actually Chen Ping!
“It’s you?”
Chen Ping and Yumiko uttered in surprise at the same time!
Neither of them had expected to run into each other here, having just been separated from the airport for a short time!
But before the two of them could speak, the men in black behind them were already chasing after them!
Seeing someone chasing after Yumiko, Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi were both stunned, just now that Kawaguchi Kazuo had said that the Watanabe family was the largest family in Xijing and controlled almost the whole of Xijing, how could there be someone who dared to chase and kill the eldest lady of the Watanabe family in broad daylight?
Seeing this, several men in black immediately yelled at Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi, “If you don’t want to die, get out of the way quickly ……”
But Yumiko grabbed Chen Ping’s arm with a deadly grip, her eyes full of expectation, “Save me, save me ……”
Looking at Yumiko that way, Chen Ping smiled lightly: “Hero save beauty, I am happy to do so ……”
A few of the men in black were enraged when they saw this!
“Kid, if you want to save the beauty by being a hero, you will be killed together with you ……”
Saying that, several men in black rushed up with their katanas!
But just as he took a step, he saw Chen Ping waving his hand, and several breaths shot out, while those several men in black instantly stood motionless as if their bodies had been casted with a stasis spell!
A few moments later, a large amount of blood began to flow from the chests of the men in black, and then they fell to the ground with a poof!
Yumiko’s entire body was stunned when she saw this scene.
Although she also knew gongfu, but looking at Chen Ping like that, this was like a god-like existence!
Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping like that and secretly laughed on the sidelines, he was tempted to use his mobile phone to capture Chen Ping’s pretentious appearance at the moment and send it to those girls to see what would happen to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping felt Hu Ma Zi’s laughter and sneaked a glance at him!
“Chen Ping, you’re so good, you saved my life, my father will definitely repay you properly, why don’t you come home with me?”
Yumiko asked with a bit of admiration in her eyes as she turned to Chen Ping.
“No need, I have my own things to do ……”
Chen Ping shook his head!
Just then, a clutter of footsteps came, and there were many people at first listen!
Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi looked at each other before the two left in a hurry, while Yumiko looked at Chen Ping’s back with a different kind of affection in her eyes!
“Yumiko, Yumiko …………”
Watanabe Fumio shouted, running towards Yumiko!
And behind Watanabe Fumio were followed by dozens of samurai!
“Dad …………”
After seeing Watanabe Fumio, Yumiko hurriedly pounced over, her heart bursting with fear, if she hadn’t met Chen Ping, then she didn’t know what she would be like now.