Zhu Zhishan and Long Xiao’s faces paled as they panicked and turned their energy far away, forming a huge protective shield around them!
Zhu Zhishan and Long Xiao simultaneously launched their power, and a pitch-black protective shield enveloped several people.
Boom!
The lotus flower exploded above several people, and the terrifying wave of Qi spread in all directions, countless sparks fell, but they were blocked by the protective shield.
But soon, the protective shield actually began to break under the burning flames, and eventually collapsed outright!
Dots of fire fell and landed on the bodies of several people, and although the power of the spirit fire had weakened by now, it nevertheless burned several people to the point where they were jumping about and their clothes were torn and in a terrible state!
Chen Ping’s forehead was covered in cold sweat, the huge expenditure of his spiritual energy had made him a little dizzy at the moment!
The crowd was shocked to see that Chen Ping alone had caused several people from Zhu Zhishan to be in such a mess.
If it had been one of them, he would have become a roast suckling pig at this moment.
And Ge Jiayi, who had been in the corner, had curiosity and reverence in her eyes, her view of Chen Ping had changed quite a bit at this moment!
She did not expect Chen Ping’s strength to exceed her imagination time and again.
There was also Chen Ping’s strong perseverance, which was beyond the reach of ordinary people.
“What are you all f*cking watching for? Give me a go ……”
Long Xiao roared and looked at the crowd, his eyes filled with anger.
The crowd looked at each other, even Zhu Zhishan and the rest of them teamed up and they were all made to look so bad by Chen Ping, were they people still not cannon fire?
Seeing that no one had taken the initiative to fight, Long Xiao roared, “If any of you don’t fight, you won’t get a single cent of the resources here ……”
At Long Xiao’s words, someone finally moved!
“D*mn it, let’s go together, what are we afraid of ……”
Xin Pengfei cursed angrily and rushed directly towards Chen Ping.
The others followed suit, and dozens of people started to attack towards Chen Ping.
Zhu Zhishan and Long Xiao, who saw this scene, had a few moments of smugness on their two faces!
Chen Ping gripped the Dragon Cutting Sword with a deadly grip, his eyes filled with killing intent and fury!
“Kill …………”
A furious cry rang out, and the Dragon Chopper Sword in his hand swung out desperately.
A sword aura flashed and instantly pierced through the bodies of two people, but the others rushed up as if they were crazy and completely desperate.
Boom boom boom …………
Ding Ding Ding …………
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand waved desperately, blocking these people’s attacks!
But at this moment, Chen Ping’s resistance seemed so helpless.
In a matter of moments, Chen Ping’s body was already bloody and covered in blood, directly Chen Ping looked inhuman!
Even so, Chen Ping still used his Zenglong Sword to hold on and did not fall, and at his feet were the bodies of a dozen or so children of other clans and families.
“Alright …………”
Long Xiao shouted and told the crowd to back off!
He could not let Chen Ping be killed by these people, he needed Chen Ping, he needed to draw on Chen Ping’s strength.
Long Xiao slowly walked up to Chen Ping, who was already only half alive, with an endlessly smug look on his face!
“Chen Ping, look at yourself now, you are not even as good as a dead dog, how do you want to fight me?”
Long Xiao smiled smugly and slapped his hand on Chen Ping’s face.
“Bah …………”
At this moment, Chen Ping didn’t even have the strength to raise his hand, he could only spit fiercely towards Long Xiao!
Long Xiao was not angry, and slowly stretched out his palm and gently pressed it on Chen Ping’s head.
“This strength of yours will soon become mine, when I finish absorbing your strength, what can you do even if you don’t die ……”
Long Xiao laughed coldly, followed by a faint black silk mist entering Chen Ping’s body and began to absorb Chen Ping’s strength.
A cold smile suddenly appeared at the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth, followed by the Heart Condensation Skill starting to turn far away!
Originally, Long Xiao wanted to suck the strength from Chen Ping’s body, but he suddenly found that the strong qi in his body was flying towards Chen Ping.