Lin Keting sent Chen Ping and Granny out of Sun Moon City!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, pulled Granny and travelled in mid-air towards the Boulder Village!
Looking at the layers of mountains in the Northern Domain, Chen Ping was quite emotional!
It had also been a while since he had returned to the Northern Domain, and this place had many memories for him!
The old woman felt the wind in her ears, her eyes closed tightly, she knew that Chen Ping was no longer the Chen Ping that was in Boulder Village at the beginning, Chen Ping had grown a lot!
“Mr Chen, why did you leave without saying goodbye ah, is this not wanting us?”
At this time, Xuan Bin and the others hurriedly came through the air!
When they heard that Chen Ping had left Sun Moon City, they immediately chased after him, Chen Ping was the God of Wealth, he couldn’t afford to lose it!
“I’m just doing a little errand, I can’t use you guys at all!”
Chen Ping saw Xuan Bin and the others who were chasing after him, and for a moment, he was a little speechless!
He was going to Boulder Village, even if there was any danger, Chen Ping would solve it with a sneeze!
After all, in that place of Boulder Village, there were simply no cultivators of high strength!
For Xuan Bin and the rest of them to go along with these Mahayana Realm 9th Grade cultivators, in the eyes of those villagers, it would be the same as the gods descending to earth!
“Mr Chen, even in small matters, you can’t be allowed to take action, we’re hanging out with you now, if you have something to say, just say it!”
Xuan Bin continuously expressed his loyalty!
This kind of God of Wealth who was 10,000 Immortal Spirit Stones at a stroke, of course he had to coax a little!
“Alright, follow as much as you want, but be careful with everything and keep your breath tight, don’t hurt anyone!”
Chen Ping was afraid that if these Mahayana Realm 9th Grade cultivators, released a little bit of their breath, the people of Boulder Village would not be able to stand it!
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, we will do whatever you tell us to do ……”
Xuan Bin said as he patted his chest!
A line of people, vastly heading towards the Boulder Village!
…………
Boulder Village!
Pillar was constantly fanning himself with a fan, and in front of him was a small stove pot with several herbs!
“Ding Zhe Grass, Phoenix Feather Flower …………”
Pillar was holding a piece of paper in his hand, still looking at it carefully!
“Pillar, how many days have you been practising this, not a single elixir has been made, but you’ve burnt dozens of bundles of firewood!”
Yun’er held a bundle of firewood and put it next to her and said!
“Sister Yun’er, Brother Chen Ping said when he left that I would definitely be able to become a Pill Master, so I have to hurry up and practice before I can do so.”
“When Brother Chen Ping comes back, I’ll show him my hand ……”
Pillar said!
“Will Brother Chen Ping come back?”Yun’er said dully!
“The old village chief is back, the old village chief is back ……”
At this time, someone at the village entrance was shouting!
Many people ran towards the village entrance and found that the old village chief had returned with the village’s young and strong men, each carrying prey on their backs!
Ah Li was also among them, just he was carrying a demonic wolf that was more than a hundred pounds on his back!
“Brother Ah Li, how come the prey are all so small this time?”
Seeing this, Yun’er asked to Ah Li in puzzlement!
“Ai, don’t mention it, the surrounding mountains and forests have been sealed by the Demon Sealing Alliance, saying that other people are not allowed to go up the mountain, we can only hunt under the mountain, where are the big prey ah!”
Ah Li sighed and said!
“Brother Ah Li, this Demon Sealing Alliance is so overbearing? We haven’t seen them sealing the mountains and forests before!”Yun’er continued to ask!
“I don’t know, why would this Demon Sealing Alliance look at this poor mountain valley of ours, maybe they also lack resources?”
“Now the town is also occupied by the Demon Sealing Alliance people, if we go to the town to sell our prey, we still have to pay head money, it’s really bad.”
Ah Li said helplessly!
“This Demon Sealing Alliance is also too bad, they lack resources and money, they can’t raid us!”
“We’re already having a hard time, these big bad guys, I wish someone would have packed them up earlier.”
Yun’er pouted her lips and said angrily!