“My mother?” Xiaolan was startled, “Then, then what is your relationship with my mother?”
“Your mother and I were originally green door bamboo horses, your grandfather used to be the Miao King of this Miao Village, then your grandfather was seriously injured in a fight following the Tianwu Clan, and knowing that he would soon die, he entrusted your mother to me, and also gave me the throne of the Miao King …… ”
The Miao King said, poured himself another gla*s of wine, and then tilted his head and poured it down after continuing: “But your mother ran away with another man inside the fortress on the eve of our marriage, I searched hard for them for a year, only to find that your mother was pregnant, I did not even hold your mother’s hand, she let another man sleep with her like that, and also bad seeds ……”
The more King Miao said the more grim his eyes became, and his teeth clenched, even after all these years, King Miao’s hatred had not diminished at all.
When Xiao Lan heard this, her eyes instantly rounded, “So, you …… you killed my parents?”
The Miao King faintly froze, but still nodded: “Not bad, after I knew your mother was pregnant, I started to hunt them down, to later I wounded them with poisonous bees, and also found out that your mother had given birth to a girl long ago, so I carried the girl back, and that girl was you …… ”
“If you hate my parents so much, why didn’t you kill me instead of carrying me back?”
Ran was puzzled as to why the Miao King had carried herself back.
“Soon you will know why!” The corners of the Miao King’s mouth lifted in a hideous smile, which made Xiaolan’s body tremble as she watched.
“How do you know that your parents were killed by me?”
King Miao asked as he turned to Xiao Lan.
“I went to Hongcheng this time to catch Chen Ping and came across a person who looked exactly like me, and that person was my sister, in fact back then my mother gave birth to twins and you only carried one of me, at that time my parents entrusted someone to adopt my sister after they escaped with her, while they died of poison, they were poisoned by the bee poison of the Miao village, so I suspected you ……”
Xiaolan’s eyes were cold as she looked at the Miao King, sure enough the righteous father she had followed for twenty years was her enemy.
“So you have a sister?” King Miao was a little surprised: “No wonder your parents didn’t even care about their own child back then and fled straight away with serious injuries, it turns out there was another one, it looks like they abandoned you on purpose to keep your sister ……”
“I believe my parents were heartbroken when they abandoned me, so you don’t have to say that in front of me ……”
Xiaolan looked grimly at Miao Wang, and a murderous aura began to take hold of her body.
Since there was already a showdown, there was no need to be hiding!
“I really regret that if I could have brought both of you sisters back then, wouldn’t I now have two people exactly like your mother by my side ……”
King Miao’s gaze began to turn fiery as he looked at Xiaolan.
Looking at King Miao with that look in his eyes, Xiaolan was startled in her heart and hurriedly turned around and tried to run out the door, but just as she got up, her body went limp and she plopped right back down on the table.
“What …… are you giving me to drink?”
Xiaolan looked at King Miao in horror.
“I just added a little bit of Huanhuan San to your wine, didn’t you want to know why I didn’t kill you and raised you for twenty years? For today, I want you to replace your mother and serve me well ……”
The Miao King burst out his best*al nature unabashedly at this moment.
“b*****d …………”
Xiaolan’s eyes were full of anger, she wanted to raise her hand to give that Miao King a fierce slap, but unfortunately, she couldn’t even raise her hand.
“No need to rush, you will soon be begging me to sleep with you, I have raised you for twenty years, of course I will not cheapen that Xia Chao, I will play with you first, before giving him this broken body of yours, if you listen to me properly, you still have a chance to live, if not, you know the power of the parasite …… ”
Miao Wang said as he stepped forward and picked up Xiao Lan and threw her onto the bed!