Xiao Dynasty!
Chen Ping was sitting with Yun Li! Chen Ping knew very little about the hidden forces of the Celestial Realm, especially the Heaven Ascension Ladder!
Chen Ping knew very little about the hidden forces of the Celestial Realm, especially the Heaven Ascending Ladder! Therefore, Chen Ping wished to be able to follow Yun Li for some more time to learn more about the hidden forces of the Celestial Realm, as well as the Heaven Ascension Ladder!
Therefore, Chen Ping hoped to be able to follow Yun Li to stay for some more days and learn more about the hidden forces of the Celestial Realm, as well as the Heaven Ascension Ladder! Especially now that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was surrounded by a number of strong people who were still eyeing the hidden forces of the Celestial Realm.
Especially now that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was surrounded by a number of other strong people watching intently, Chen Ping could not leave for the time being! Chen Ping would leave when he had finished dealing with the matters of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.
When he was done dealing with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s matters, Chen Ping would have to go to Sun Moon City to explain himself! He hadn’t expected it to turn out this way either.
He also did not expect it to turn out this way!
“Right now, around the Xiao Xiao Imperial Dynasty, I’m afraid that there are no less than ten peak ninth grade Mahayana realm powerhouses, and all of these people are definitely running towards you.
“Immortal Spirit Stones are really too important to a peak ninth rank Mahayana realm powerhouse!”
Yun Li said slowly!
“These people don’t have a brain, even if the Immortal Spirit Stones are important to them, will the Ten Temples keep their word?
“When the time comes to kill me and the Ten Temples don’t give the Immortal Spirit Stones, wouldn’t it be a waste of time and energy!”
Chen Ping smiled helplessly!
“That’s why these people didn’t make the first move ah, they are all waiting as well.”
“But human nature is greedy, I believe that it won’t take much time before these people lose their patience and make their move on you.”
“One hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, that’s enough to drive people crazy with temptation ……”
“In the end, they will definitely gamble, losing the gamble is nothing more than wasting time killing you, but winning the gamble, the Ten Temples really gave the Immortal Spirit Stones, for these cultivators at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm, that would be a change of life against the heavens.”
“How many cultivators are stuck in the Mahayana Realm until the end of their lifespan, without being able to break through to the Immortalisation Realm!”
Yun Li followed Chen Ping and said!
“It’s just the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, come one and I’ll kill one, come two and I’ll kill a pair ……”
Chen Ping was full of concern!
“What if these ten Mahayana Realm experts do it together? What are your chances of winning?”
Yun Li asked!
“This ………… ” Chen Ping was silent!
With ten peak ninth rank Mahayana Realm powerhouses, Chen Ping was afraid that he had no chance of winning at all!
“If you hadn’t revealed your true strength in the beginning, these people might not have joined forces.
“Now that you have beaten up that Lin Ke Dong, many people are watching, they will never trouble you on their own, they will definitely join forces.
“The more powerful people gathered around the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, there might be more and more people joining forces, at that time you will be trapped here.”
Yun Li looked at Chen Ping with a slightly playful expression.
The meaning was obvious, it was that Chen Ping was starting to be too arrogant, feeling that beating a peak 9th rank of the Mahayana realm was just like beating a child!” Yun Li looked at Chen Ping with a slightly playful expression.
Although this did allow Chen Ping to act like a pussy, it also simultaneously alerted everyone around him that they would not be looking for Chen Ping to fight alone! Chen Ping said, “You mean ……
Chen Ping said, “What do you mean, let me leave the Xiao Imperial Dynasty now?”
Yun Li nodded, “Not bad, take advantage of the fact that there are not many experts around the Xiao Imperial Dynasty right now, and they are not completely united yet, you can totally leave and find a hidden place to hide.”
“I’m not leaving, it’s a little safer to hide in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!”Chen Ping shook his head!
He knew that this Xiao Dynasty had been added a few thousand years of qi by Mr Shi, no one would dare to make a move in the Xiao Dynasty at will!”Chen Ping shook his head!””You can absolutely leave and find a secluded place to hide.
But just as Chen Ping’s words had fallen, there was a fluctuation in the sky above the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and a vast aura of heaven and earth spread out in all directions!”A Transformation Immortal Realm expert?
“A Transformation Immortal Realm expert?
Yun Li couldn’t help but raise his head to look into the sky! Chen Ping also frowned
Chen Ping also frowned as his face became a little ugly!”A Mahayana realm ninth grade expert?
A Mahayana realm ninth ranked expert, Chen Ping can disregard, but if he is a Transformation Immortal realm expert, Chen Ping cannot disregard it!”This was hilarious.
“This is hilarious, I didn’t expect there to be fools amongst the Harmonised Immortal Realm experts who believe in our Ten Temples’ Execution Order ……”
Yun Li looked towards Chen Ping and laughed!”Chen Ping did not speak, but instead had a stony face.
Chen Ping did not speak, but instead walked out of Yun Li’s room with a grave expression on his face!