When Zhu Zhishan heard this, he turned blue with anger and coldly snorted, “Your Blood Corpse Sect is really a waste, the seven puppet corpses are fools, and you two are so incompetent ……”
“What did you say?” The man and woman’s faces turned even more grim as huge spiritual energy emanated from the two of them.
The two of them were from the Blood Corpse Sect, and the Seven Deadly Star Sovereign was their sect master, and their Blood Corpse Sect was mainly focused on refining corpses, so they needed huge spiritual power in order to control the puppet corpses.
“Master Zhu, in that case, then we will take our leave, I will tell our sect master your words as they are ……”
After the man finished speaking, he turned around and was about to leave.
“Wait a minute ……” Zhu Zhishan hurriedly called out to the two men, “Alright then, you only need to probe if that Chen Ping is possessed by an evil spirit, don’t worry about the rest!”
Zhu Zhishan knew that although he had the token in his hand, none of these evil cultivation sects would truly listen to him.
Just as Zhu Zhishan finished his words, the man and woman turned around and walked away.
Looking at the backs of the two men, a malicious look appeared in Zhu Zhishan’s eyes.
…………
Chen Ping was walking on the streets of Kyoto!
Although he had failed to save Su Yuqi, Chen Ping did not leave, he knew that the Martial Arts Union was definitely looking for him.
And the reason why Chen Ping was blatantly skulking around the streets was to lure the people of the Martial Arts Alliance.
Although Chen Ping’s current strength was not enough to counteract the entire Martial Dao Alliance, Chen Ping would still have no problem defending himself when he encountered the experts of the Martial Dao Alliance.
In particular, Chen Ping still had the Qiankun Circle in his hand now, so even if he was not defeated, he could still escape easily.
So Chen Ping thought of luring out the people from the Martial Dao Alliance, if he could defeat them, then he would strike and kill them, if not, he would escape.
Su Yuqi was suffering within the Wudao Alliance, and he would never let the Wudao Alliance have it easy!
Just as Chen Ping was walking aimlessly, suddenly two auras were directly sensed by Chen Ping.
However, these two auras did not look strong, and could only be considered as early Martial Sect strength.
“Could it be that the Martial Dao Alliance would send people of such strength to kill me?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, Chen Ping could kill several people at the early stage of the Martial Sect with a single slap.
However, Chen Ping did not move his voice, but walked towards a sparsely populated area.
The two auras were getting closer and closer, and Chen Ping wanted to send out his divine sense to investigate, but just as his divine sense was emitted, it was instantly blocked back.
Chen Ping’s heart was startled, and the pace of his feet stopped instantly.
Chen Ping then felt a pang in his head, and his whole body was as drowsy as if he had drunk too much wine.
Just then, it was as if there were countless invisible hands around him, imprisoning Chen Ping, making him unable to move!
Chen Ping struggled twice, but found that it was useless, no matter how hard he tried, he could not break free.
Chen Ping frowned, but then his mind snapped clear and he seemed to understand.
The binding just now was just a signal that Chen Ping had imagined inside his mind to send to his body, there was nothing to bind Chen Ping’s body at all.
This meant that someone was using powerful spiritual power to invade Chen Ping’s mind and control Chen Ping’s thoughts.
However, Chen Ping’s spiritual power was also very strong, plus there was still the Clear Heart Mantra in place, so his mind was only confused for a moment and he soon came to his senses.
Only Chen Ping did not appear to be awake and was still struggling as if he was still trapped in it.
Just at this time, a man and a woman walked up to Chen Ping, but at a distance of more than ten metres from him, they did not dare to approach him.
Looking at the two people who suddenly appeared, Chen Ping immediately saw that these two people were the ones who had been following him, and judging by their aura, the two people were only at the early stage of Martial Sect strength.