Zhou Jie, who was on the side, was full of surprise, “You still have a girlfriend? Still married? Which woman has found you, I’m afraid she’s fallen on eight lifetimes of bad luck.”
“I wasn’t like this before, I was very dedicated to my girlfriend, only after she ran away, I became like this, thinking that all women can’t be trusted, just treat them as playthings ……”
Hu Ma Zi explained.
But when Zhou Jie heard Hu Ma Zi referring to women as playthings, she was filled with displeasure.
“Master Hu, you’re making this guy out to be worthless, but how did he find his way here? It seems like his what’s-his-name technique of deduction is still useful.”
Chen Ping said.
After all, Chen Ping had relied on the map of the Demon Spirit Sect to know about this place, but this Wan Hong did not have a map and must have relied on his own deduction.
“Bah, what’s the point, what came out this time must be a 10,000 year old herb, this 10,000 year old level of herb coming out, there will definitely be a vision in advance, I just need to be in the vicinity, I can also deduce it, what kind of skill is this.”
“Even if they are hundreds of miles apart, I can still detect the remains of a tomb underground, it’s all the same thing.”
“If he really comprehended the Heavenly Dao and was able to deduce heavenly chances, he would have become an immortal long ago.”
Master Hu was filled with disdain!
When Chen Ping heard this, he felt that that Hu Ma Zi was right, there were times when Hu Ma Zi’s skills were such that even Chen Ping had to be unconvinced.
“Master Hu, what is that deduction of heavenly chances? And how do you know where there are tomb relics? And how did you feel this heavenly treasure before the Qi of its emergence?”
Chen Ping was curious to know how exactly this was done.
“What? You want to learn?”
Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping and asked with a smug expression.
“Want to learn, as the saying goes, three people must be my teacher, you hand me this deduction art, I will teach you the talisman art ……”
Chen Ping was afraid that Hu Ma Zi would not teach himself, so he said the talisman art!
“Let me ask you something, if someone is near you at this moment, ready to kill you, can you sense it?”
Hu Ma Zi asked to Chen Ping.
“Of course I can, that feeling of danger, I can tell right away.”
Chen Ping nodded and said.
“Then how did you feel it?”
Hu Ma Zi continued to ask.
This time, it was difficult for Chen Ping, his eyebrows slightly frowned and said, “I’m not sure, anyway, it’s just that after a long period of time, in the event of encountering a dangerous aura, the body instinctively reacts to it, I can’t tell you about that kind of feeling!”
“I’ll tell you, that’s because someone wants to kill you, the body will naturally produce a murderous aura towards you, this kind of murderous aura flow will make you feel dangerous, your body will react.”
“If an ordinary person passes by you, or an ordinary person is next to you and does not have the slightest bit of hostility towards you, this feeling of danger will not exist.”
“And this killing aura is not something that can be hidden by deliberately hiding it, because as long as you think in your heart that you want to kill the other person, your body will exude killing intent, even if you can hide it, it is instantly felt in front of an expert.”
“And the so-called Heaven’s Way, in fact, following a person’s body to emit a variety of qi is the same, the Heaven’s Way is the law of heaven and earth, you see the Heaven’s Way as a person, feeling the various qi exuded from this person!”
“Whether he is happy, or sad, or wants to kill someone, you can know, the same goes for the Heavenly Dao, you need to sense the existence of the Heavenly Dao, when you truly comprehend the Heavenly Dao, as long as there is a subtle difference anywhere, it will not escape your eyes!”
“Even the death of an ant in any corner of the entire world, you will be able to know about it, and at that time, you will be the master of the world!”
“And when a ten-thousand year old herb like this comes out of the world, where would you need to refer to the Heavenly Dao, all you need to do is to feel the heaven and earth’s visions and you’ll know that eight or nine of them are not far off.”
Hu Ma Zi carefully followed Chen Ping’s explanation, but he was not sure whether Chen Ping could understand it or not!
In fact, Hu Ma Zi himself, also did not really understand what is the Heavenly Dao.