When Zheng Kai saw his father come out, he said with a smug look on his face, “Dad, didn’t you say that Chen Ping was very bullish? Even if he is, I still caught him, I want the martial arts world to all know that I, Zheng Kai, caught Chen Ping ……”
Zheng Kai was showing off to Zheng An Guo, tilting his head, not to mention how happy he was.
However, Zheng An Guo’s face was shocked and said, “What did you say?”
“I said I caught that Chen Ping ah ……”
Zheng Kai said.
“How is it possible, that Chen Ping is a master who is not even afraid of the Martial Alliance, how many experts of the Martial Alliance have died at his hands, how could you have captured him?”
Zheng An Guo did not believe it, after all, Zheng An Guo knew very well in his heart what strength his son had.
“Dad, why don’t you believe me, I caught him with our family’s Soul Locking Chain.”
Zheng Kai explained.
When Zheng An Guo heard this, his anger rose, “D*mn it, you beast, you want to P*ss me off, can that soul locking chain be used casually?”
“Dad, I’ve used it anyway and captured that Chen Ping as well, from now on our Zheng family will be famous throughout the martial arts world.”
“By then, we won’t have to be nestled in this tiny South Lake, we can go to a big place to develop.”
Zheng Kai said without a care in the world.
“You …… you ……” Zheng Anguo was shaking slightly in anger, then said, “Then where is Chen Ping? ”
“It’s in the front yard, I’ll take you there, that guy isn’t exactly a three-headed guy ……”
Zheng Kai took Zheng An Guo with him and walked towards the front yard!
At this moment, Chen Ping was chained to a large stone pillar in Zheng’s courtyard by his soul chain!
Zheng Anguo’s face became very complicated when he saw that Chen Ping was indeed chained.
After hesitating for a moment, that Zheng Anguo quickly walked towards Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, I’m really sorry, my dog son is ignorant and has offended Mr. Chen ah ……”
“You know me?” Chen Ping was a little surprised, he had no friendship with the Zheng family, why was this Zheng Anguo so polite to himself.
“Mr. Chen’s great name is unknown to everyone in the entire martial arts world, Mr. Chen is the leader of the younger generation in the martial arts world ……”
“I don’t know what Mr. Chen is doing here in South Lake from a long distance?”
Zheng An Guo wanted to know if Chen Ping’s visit to South Lake was related to what was going to happen there!
“A friend of mine brought me over for a bit of fun ……”
Chen Ping said casually.
Of course he couldn’t follow Zheng An Guo and tell him about his cooperation with the Demon Spirit Sect.
“Did Mr. Chen just come over to have some casual fun?”
It seemed like Zheng Anguo didn’t quite believe what Chen Ping said.
Seeing Zheng Anguo’s reaction and expression, he seemed to be up to something, so Chen Ping asked rhetorically, “Master Zheng, then what do you think I’ve come to South Lake for?”
Zheng Anguo was now asked by Chen Ping and did not know what to do, so he smiled awkwardly and said, “I think Mr. Chen is also here to have some casual fun, but with Mr. Chen’s prestige and status in the martial arts world, when he comes to South Lake, my Zheng family deserves a warm hospitality ah ……”
Zheng Anguo bragged to Chen Ping.
Then that Zheng An Guo was about to untie Chen Ping!
“Dad, you’re crazy, I had a hard time catching him.”
Zheng Kai asked as he stepped forward to stop Zheng An Guo.
Slap …………
Zheng Anguo stepped forward and gave Zheng Kai a direct slap, then said viciously, “b*****d, I am still the head of the Zheng family, are you trying to rebel?”
Zheng Kai received a slap, his heart became even more angry, so he put his heart on the line and said, “Dad, I won’t let you let him go anyway, or you can kill me, I can’t swallow this anger anyway ……”
Zheng Kai was threatening Zheng An Guo, Zheng An Guo only had one son like him, so he would probably kill him!
“You …………”
Zheng An Guo was threatened by his own son like this, suddenly his face turned red with anger!