Having just used the Nine Shadow Divine Sword to manifest five figures, this had caused Chen Ping to exert a lot of physical strength!
After all, the sword aura emanating from those five figures was also the strength gained from Chen Ping’s body!
If they were just illusory shadows, how could they possibly have the power to attack!
Song Qingping looked at Chen Ping in surprise, he had just used his most powerful move, but he didn’t expect to kill Chen Ping, he didn’t even control Chen Ping!
However, looking at Chen Ping’s panting appearance, Song Qingping also seemed to understand what was going on, and then the corners of his mouth smiled faintly!
“Chen Ping, no matter what move you use, it will consume a lot of spiritual energy, while I can use the power of the Laws, this time, you will suffer death!”
Song Qingping knew that Chen Ping was now at the end of his rope!
Only to see Song Qingping’s body like a big tree taking root, a vine penetrating deep into the ground, the aura of his entire body began to surge!
Several vines began to twist and then entwine, the vines kept waving in mid-air, and faster and faster!
In a flash, a tornado appeared in the entire void under this rapid waving!
The tornado was wrapped in endless power, spinning at an ever-increasing speed, and then heading towards Chen Ping!
As long as Chen Ping was swept into it, even if his body was strong, it would be strangled into mush!
Chen Ping’s eyes were fixed on the huge tornado in front of him, a huge suction force that sucked in everything around him and then tore it apart!
Pocky Hu and the others were all terrified and retreated into the distance!
But just as Hu Pazzi was about to move away, he suddenly noticed that Zhou Jie, who was at the door, was slowly being sucked in by the tornado because she was losing her strength!
Hu Pazzi was so shocked that he leapt up and, without any regard for his own safety, picked up Zhou Jie and tried desperately to escape the suction of the tornado!
The wind was howling and Hu Pazi was struggling with every step he took, but he gritted his teeth and held onto Zhou Jie without letting go!
Zhou Jie was in Hu Puzi’s arms, quietly looking at this old and ugly man in front of her!
But at this moment, Zhou Jie found that Hu Pazi had changed, become more handsome and much more stout!
In fact, this was the status of Hu Ma Zi in Zhou Jie’s heart, which was changing!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, looking at the huge tornado in front of him, the terrifying aura also made him feel the danger!
Chen Ping held the Zenglong Sword in both hands, and a divine dragon’s power entered into the Zenglong Sword!
The Zenglong Sword began to emit a buzzing sound.
Chen Ping bellowed, and the sword aura on the Dragon Chopper Sword surged up, and a golden aura surged out from the top of the Dragon Chopper Sword!
Soon this aura transformed into a huge sword, tens of metres long, which hung in mid-air, like a barrier, blocking Chen Ping’s figure!
The golden light flashed and the entire night turned into day!
“Chop ……”
Chen Ping gave a vigorous swing!
That incomparably huge sword aura instantly chopped at that crazy tornado!
In an instant, the two auras collided and a huge explosion sounded!
The tornado was desperately moving closer to Chen Ping, while the enormous sword mane was fighting to block it!
The terrifying aura continued to begin to expand, and the entire mysterious realm actually began to distort!
“Stop, stop, if this continues, the secret realm will collapse ……”
Seeing this, Deacon Lu hurriedly yelled out!
You have to know that this secret realm was also created using a spell formation, it wasn’t indestructible, such a huge collision of forces, it was possible that the secret realm would collapse!
Hearing Deacon Lu’s yell, Song Qingping’s brow furrowed and he instantly wandered off!
Because he couldn’t let the secret realm collapse, then wouldn’t his hard-earned Demon Spirit Sect be useless!
And Chen Ping didn’t care, the collapse of the secret realm had no effect on Chen Ping!
The collapse of the secret realm would have no effect on Chen Ping, it would only mean that the people of the Demon Spirit Sect would have to live in the secular realm in the future.
Along with Song Qingping’s wandering, Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with a cold aura, knowing that his chance had come!