After getting out of the car, Chi Feng looked at the Jiang family’s luxurious villa and said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, you happen to have no residence in the provincial city yet, this villa can just be used as Mr. Chen’s place to stay!”
Chen Ping nodded and didn’t refuse, after all, he couldn’t live in Gu Ling’er’s house all the time, and now that Su Yuqi had also arrived, it was even more impossible for Chen Ping to follow Gu Ling’er and live with her!
When Gu Ling’er saw Chen Ping nod her head in agreement, she didn’t know why, but she had a few moments of loss in her heart, but she quickly adjusted and admonished herself fiercely in her heart, “Chen Ping is your friend’s man, Gu Ling’er you have to respect yourself ……”
Walking into the villa, looking at the luxurious decoration, and those antiques, one can imagine how extravagant Jiang Zhengzhong’s life was!
Chen Ping followed Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er as they sat and chatted in the living room, waiting for Red Phoenix to raid the entire Jiang family!
But just a short while later, a man from the Red Phoenix Hall immediately came running in a frenzy, “Mr. Chen, the Hall Master asks you to come over ……”
Seeing the anxious look of that Red Phoenix Hall man, Chen Ping jerked up, “What’s happening?”
“I’m not sure!” The man from the Red Phoenix Hall replied.
Chen Ping followed the man from that Red Phoenix Hall, and Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, curious, both followed too!
After they arrived at an isolated courtyard of the villa, they saw that Red Phoenix and Lin Tianhu were surrounding that courtyard with their men, each with anger in their eyes.
“Red Phoenix, what’s wrong?”
Chen Ping asked to Red Phoenix.
“Mr. Chen, take a look for yourself!” Red Phoenix said as he kept a room in the courtyard.
Chen Ping looked inside the room and found that there were actually a dozen girls locked up inside, and when these girls saw Chen Ping and the others, they all looked terrified and curled up together, obviously terrified!
“What the hell is going on here?” Chen Ping’s brow furrowed tightly.
“Mr. Chen, I just asked, these girls were all captured by Jiang Zhengzhong, and the oldest is just eighteen years old.”
“Why would Jiang Zhengzhong capture so many girls?” Chen Ping didn’t understand, even if Jiang Zhengzhong was horny, he didn’t need so many girls!
“These girls are not sure why they were taken, but Jiang Zhengzhong would send someone to pick out two girls every day and send them away after dressing them up.
Red Phoenix’s eyes were filled with anger.
Also as a woman, Red Phoenix felt sympathy for these girls, as well as Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, after seeing these girls locked up and frightened like that, each of them had long been angry and gnashing their teeth!
Chen Ping’s eyebrows were knitted together in a deadly frown, as Red Phoenix’s remark about meeting an untimely end made his insides seize up!
“Send someone to take care of these girls and send them home one by one, you all come with me!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked out of the room!
Standing in the middle of the courtyard, Chen Ping closed his eyes slightly and recited the words under his breath, suddenly his hands crossed in front of his eyes, when Chen Ping opened his eyes again, there was a slight red light in his eyes!
Chen Ping swept a glance around the villa and finally turned his gaze to a place not far away to the southwest!
In Chen Ping’s eyes, he could only see black smoke rising from that place, then condensing into black clouds in mid-air, which would not dissipate for a long time!
“Such heavy grievances?”
Chen Ping withdrew his gaze, his face turning extremely ugly!
With a single bounding step, Chen Ping headed straight for the southwest, and seeing this, Red Phoenix and the others followed closely behind.
After running for about three or four miles, Chen Ping stopped at a small clay bale, only to see that the place was covered with freshly turned mud.
Chen Ping swept a glance and suddenly found an earring in the mud, and finding an earring in such a place again made Chen Ping’s face gloomy to the core!