“Where are the people?”
Kazuo Kawaguchi said with a frown.
“Are you looking for me?”
At this moment, Chen Ping’s voice actually radiated out from mid-air!
Kawaguchi Kazuo hurriedly looked up and saw that Chen Ping’s clothes had long since been shattered, but his body was intact!
His body was glowing with golden light, just like a heavenly god!
“How …… could this happen?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo couldn’t believe his eyes a bit!
“There is nothing impossible, you are nothing but an ant in front of me, did you really think you could kill me?”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Chen Ping, you’re too arrogant, I don’t believe I can’t kill you ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo was furious and raised the katana in his hand, a stream of powerful qi was being fed into the katana!
The katana began to emit a buzzing sound as terrifying power was emanating from its body!
“Go to hell ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo roared, and the katana in his hand instantly erupted with a dazzling light!
This light was comparable to the sun and the moon, and it contained a terrifying power!
Boom!
Kawaguchi Kazuo slashed down with his sword, and the light reached several feet in length, slashing towards Chen Ping!
In front of this several-foot-long light, Chen Ping in mid-air looked much more insignificant.
But Chen Ping did not dodge or evade, he remained suspended in mid-air!
In the blink of an eye, the terrifying light arrived in front of Chen Ping, who actually opened his arms as if to meet the terrifying light!
The light slashed at Chen Ping, following the golden light on Chen Ping’s body as it collided and staggered, a trail of fire falling from mid-air!
From a distance, it looked as if there was a huge firework in mid-air, going off!
As the firelight continued to fall, the several-foot-long light that Kawaguchi Kazuo wielded became shorter and shorter!
In the end, it disappeared, while Chen Ping was hanging in mid-air, unscathed!
This slash of Kawaguchi Kazuo’s was hardily consumed by Chen Ping’s strong physical body!
“This …………”
Kawaguchi Kazuo gulped, simply unable to believe what was happening in front of him!
He was at the peak of Great Martial Marquis and was about to break through to Martial Saint strength!
But in front of Chen Ping, he was so unbearable!
He dared not imagine that Chen Ping, at such a young age, had reached the level of Martial Saint in strength?
“Is this all your strength?”
Chen Ping looked down at Kawaguchi Kazuo and said coldly, “If this is all of your strength, then I should send you back home!”
“Ah …………”
Like a madman, Kawaguchi Kazuo kept swinging a light at Chen Ping, and the katana in his hand even resounded with a buzz after a buzz!
Clang clang clang …………
But Kawaguchi Kazuo’s attack could not break through Chen Ping’s flesh, and was directly blocked, causing no damage to Chen Ping at all!
Soon, Kawaguchi Kazuo was a bit exhausted, his forehead was covered with sweat, and he was panting for breath!
“How dare you come to kill me with such ability ……”
Chen Ping said, his body floating down from mid-air!
When Kawaguchi Kazuo saw Chen Ping coming towards him, his hands covered his katana, his eyes were full of coldness, and he gritted his teeth with a deadly grit!
Boom …………
Chen Ping slammed his fist down from above, his huge fist carrying an incomparably strong wind!
Seeing this, Kazuo Kawaguchi hurriedly swung out his katana to block it!
But as soon as his katana touched Chen Ping’s fist, it broke into two pieces!
Kawaguchi Kazuo looked at the katana in his hand with only the handle left, and his face was as ugly as could be!
“How dare you destroy my katana, it’s an imperial family relic ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo roared!
“Hmph, what kind of bullsh*t thing is it, and a relic of the royal family, is it as powerful as my sword?”
Chen Ping reached out and the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand!