“I understand, I understand ……”
Patriarch Jiang nodded repeatedly, after all, Chen Ping’s current identity was very mysterious!
From the moment Chen Ping had injected the power of the Divine Dragon in him, Patriarch Jiang had already known that Chen Ping was deliberately hiding his aura!
Perhaps the appearance in front of him was also changed, but no matter what Chen Ping’s reason was, Patriarch Jiang did not intend to look deeper into it, after all, this life of his was saved by Chen Ping!
“Master, there is a residual soul within Mr Cheng, that is his friend that has been residing within him, he wants to remake his friend’s physical body ……”
Jiang Yulian said after Patriarch Jiang!
Upon hearing this, Patriarch Jiang smiled faintly and said “How difficult is it to reshape the physical body, Mr Cheng follow me ……”
Patriarch Jiang got up and then led Chen Ping towards the depths of the sect!
It was only when they reached the place where the Soul Flower was open that Patriarch Jiang stopped!
“Mr Cheng, please release your friend’s residual soul, with the protection of the soul flower here, your friend’s residual soul will not dissipate.”
Patriarch Jiang said to Chen Ping!
“Good ……”
Chen Ping nodded and then said to Ochre Yan “Ochre Yan, now to remould your flesh, are you willing?”
After all, this kind of thing had to be agreed upon by Ochre Yan himself!
“Mr Chen, I’m willing, I’m willing ……”
Ochre Yan said with excitement!
Although being in Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness all the time was also very good, and could also grow a lot of insights, but Ochre Yan might have his own body, especially after seeing Jiang Yulian, it was even more urgently wished for!
He had fallen in love with Jiang Yulian at first sight and his heart was pounding, so with his physical body restored, he would be able to pursue Jiang Yulian!
Chen Ping saw Ochre Yan agree and casually made a move!
Immediately at Chen Ping’s brow, the remnant soul of Ochre Amazing flew out and landed in the Soul Flower!
Ochre Yan’s residual soul was very weak and was not a complete soul, at that time, when Chen Ping controlled Ochre Yan’s residual soul, he only wanted to know some things about the Demon Race from his mouth, and did not think about remoulding his physical body!
However, after this period of contact, Ochre Amazing was very co-operative with Chen Ping, and Ochre Amazing’s mindset was changing, and he was admiring Chen Ping now!
Patriarch Jiang looked at Ochre Amazing’s soul and couldn’t help but frown, “What a weak residual soul, this is going to take some effort to reshape the physical body, I’m afraid.”
Ochre Yan’s residual soul was hidden, if it wasn’t for the aura of the Soul Flower protecting it in the surroundings, maybe Ochre Yan’s residual soul would have been directly blown away by the Qi of Heaven and Earth!
“Yulian, Zheng Jian, you two assist me, prepare the Soul Suppressing Tower immediately ……”
Patriarch Jiang said to Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian!
“As you wish ……”
After saying that, the two of them waved their hands and an aura surged in from all directions of the Soul Demon Sect!
Immediately after that, four golden towers flew from all directions and then landed in the four directions of the Ochre Amazing Remnant Soul!
Along with Patriarch Jiang’s aura striking into those four Soul Suppressor Towers, a faint white smoke slowly emerged from within the four Soul Suppressor Towers!
This white smoke carried a peculiar fragrance and then surrounded Ochre Yan’s surroundings!
Surrounded by this smoke, Ochre Yan only felt comfortable!
And his residual soul became more and more solid and he could see clearly, without that feeling of being hidden!
Ochre Yan’s breathing became rapid, the excitement inside him was hard to express!
Especially since Ochre Yan was facing Jiang Yulian at the moment, the two of them were looking at each other in all directions, and the electric waves were stimulating each other frequently!
Jiang Yulian’s heart also began to beat furiously, and her face had a blush on it!
She did not expect that the residual soul friend that Chen Ping had spoken of, after it had truly solidified, was actually quite young and handsome, and was not an old man!
“My friend, you don’t have to be nervous, even if you fail to reshape your physical body, you won’t be in any danger, the big deal is that you’ll be returning back to Mr Cheng’s body.”
“I have to restore your residual soul now before I can reshape your flesh, this process might be a bit long and even a bit painful, you all have to hold on!”
Patriarch Jiang heard Ochre Yan breathing rapidly and thought he was nervous, so he comforted him!
He didn’t know that Ochre Yan was excited to see his female disciple!