“I can’t look at this rubbish evil technique of yours ……”
Chen Ping narrowed his eyes, his eyes sharp and cold!
“You say, what do you want? I can give you all …………”
Guo Wei’s heart was filled with fear, he said.
Chen Ping slowly looked towards Guo Wei’s chest and suddenly smiled coldly, “I want the Dantian inside your body ……”
After Chen Ping finished his words, Guo Wei’s eyes instantly showed panic!
This Dantian was the source of a martial artist’s power, without it, one would become a complete invalid, a cultivator with a broken Dantian could still rely on cultivation to recover it again, but not a martial artist.
Now that Chen Ping wanted Guo Wei’s Dantian, wasn’t this the same as directly making Guo Wei an invalid?
If so, it would be even worse than killing Guo Wei!
With a martial arts union councilor reduced to a ruined man, how could Guo Wei face those clans and families in the future?
“Please, please, except for the dantian, I …………”
Guo Wei begged Chen Ping, but before he could finish his words, Chen Ping swung out with a punch.
Boom!
Chen Ping’s fist hit Guo Wei’s chest so hard that his entire fist entered Guo Wei’s body!
The fierce force pierced through Guo Wei’s body protection divine power!
Ka-ching …………
There was a slight cracking sound as Guo Wei’s entire body froze and his body rapidly decayed.
This punch from Chen Ping had directly shattered Guo Wei’s dantian.
All of Guo Wei’s powerful qi disappeared without a trace in this instant, reducing him to a ruined man.
“You …… you actually shattered my dantian ……”
Guo Wei’s face was ashen.
At this moment, Chen Ping took his hand out of Guo Wei’s stomach, his hand was stained with blood, and with a gentle wave of his hand, all the branches that bound Guo Wei all disappeared.
Guo Wei’s body fell to the ground with a plop, his breath draining from his body at a rapid rate and blood pouring from the wound on his chest.
Guo Wei tried to get up, but after a few tries, he didn’t even have the strength to get up.
“Kill me, kill me …………”
Guo Wei didn’t want to live anymore.
His dantian had been shattered and he had been reduced to a wastrel, there was no point in him living.
The reason why Guo Wei practiced evil kung fu was that he had a desire for strength, and for many martial artists, all they had in their minds was strength.
Now all of a sudden, Guo Wei was made a wastrel, and for a while it was hard for him to accept it!
“Kill you?”
Chen Ping looked at Guo Wei coldly, “Wouldn’t it be cheaper to kill you just like that?”
“Where’s that high and mighty stance you used to have? When you grabbed my girlfriend, did you ever think about what would happen to you?”
“If you kneel in front of me now, I might even be able to make your death a little more painful ……”
Guo Wei looked at Chen Ping angrily, “You are dreaming, even if I become an invalid now, you are not worthy of it ……”
“You can kill me, but I will never kneel down for you!”
After Guo Wei finished speaking, he actually opened his mouth and bit towards his tongue.
He was going to bite his tongue to kill himself, because he knew he had no hope of living and that living was already torture for him.
“Want to kill yourself?” Chen Ping smacked Guo Wei’s face fiercely!
All of Guo Wei’s teeth had fallen out and it was simply impossible for him to bite his tongue and kill himself.
“Kill me, kill me …………”
Guo Wei saw that he couldn’t even kill himself, so he desperately shouted.
“I told you, I won’t let you die so easily ……”
Chen Ping grabbed Guo Wei’s hair with one hand, “Kneel down ……”
“You are dreaming, I will never kneel down for you ……”
Guo Wei said with a fierce face.
Chen Ping directly picked Guo Wei up, “You are no different to me now, following ants, you have no right to refuse me!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he kicked Guo Wei twice directly towards his calves, with two crunching sounds, Guo Wei directly fell to his knees!
Guo Wei still tried to struggle, but he simply couldn’t break free!
Jingle Bells …………
Just at this time, Guo Wei’s mobile phone rang.