As the smoke and dust cleared and he looked at the wretched Chen Ping, the corners of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted slightly, “Now all the treasures you have on you will be mine …………”
Ning Zhi slowly walked towards Chen Ping, with that Gu Kaiyuan following close behind!
The two men had a smug and relaxed look on their faces, Chen Ping was already in this state and had long since ceased to be a threat.
Chen Ping frowned, desperately gathering the spiritual energy in his body, but the spiritual energy in his body collapsed and was also almost depleted, now he didn’t even have the strength to stand up.
“Where is that divine dragon power?”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan who were walking over, his heart was burning with anxiety!
He could not even feel the overwhelming power at the beginning now, the fused dragon crystal was just suspended inside his body and did not emit a single bit of power!
“What the hell is going on here?”
Chen Ping felt it with all his heart, wanting to rush towards finding that power, but unfortunately, no matter how anxious he was, he still couldn’t sense it, as if that power was no longer inside him!
At this moment, Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan had already walked in front of Chen Ping while looking down at him, the two men’s faces full of smugness.
Gu Kaiyuan stepped forward and stomped on Chen Ping’s chest, the corner of his mouth lifting as he said, “You kid destroyed my magic weapon, I see that you have a good sword, so let’s use this sword to pay for it!”
Gu Kaiyuan said, bending down to pick up Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword!
In fact, Gu Kaiyuan’s words were meant for Ning Zhi, he was afraid that after killing Chen Ping, all the treasures on Chen Ping’s body would become Ning Zhi’s.
After all, apart from the Dragon Crystal, the Dragon Slashing Sword was also a rare weapon of God!
Just as Gu Kaiyuan was bending down to pick up Chen Ping’s Dragon Chopper Sword, suddenly the Dragon Chopper Sword buzzed, followed by a sharp sword qi that cut right through Gu Kaiyuan’s palm!
Fortunately, Gu Kaiyuan dodged quickly, otherwise this sword would have cut his throat!
Gu Kaiyuan’s palm was bleeding and he looked at Chen Ping and the Dragon Slashing Sword in shock!
At this moment, Chen Ping had no strength to fight back, but this Dragon Cutting Sword could have an autonomous consciousness and make a move on himself, this was simply too amazing.
“This sword of his has long since become one with his body, the sword is born from the heart, you have to kill him if you want to get this sword!”
Ning Zhi said as if he was looking at Gu Kaiyuan like a fool.
Only then did it dawn on Gu Kaiyuan, so he lifted his foot and stomped down fiercely towards Chen Ping!
With this foot, if it hit, with Chen Ping’s current appearance, he was afraid that his entire body would be burst with a single stomp!
But at that moment, the Heavenly Dragon Ring on Chen Ping’s hand unexpectedly flickered slightly once again, followed by an overwhelming power erupting from the Dragon Crystal within his body!
This power instantly pervaded Chen Ping’s body, like a large net that wrapped itself around Chen Ping!
Gu Kaiyuan’s foot had not yet stepped on Chen Ping, but he was directly catapulted out of the way by a huge bouncing force!
Chen Ping personally got up slowly, a hint of scarlet flashing in his eyes!
At this moment, the aura on Chen Ping’s body was exactly the same as when that Inferno Dragon had appeared just now!
Ning Zhi frowned as his body quickly retreated, he was not a fool, the aura on Chen Ping at this moment was clearly the power of the divine dragon!
“Kill him quickly ……”
Ning Zhi shouted.
Gu Kaiyuan, who had been catapulted away, had leapt up at this moment, followed by the compa*s above his head emitting light, followed by this light directly enveloping towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to it, but felt the power of the divine dragon, and was excited inside. At this moment, under the augmentation of the power of the divine dragon, Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body was even stronger, and the golden light shone even more dazzlingly!
Gu Kaiyuan followed the light shining from the compa*s and rushed directly towards Chen Ping. The tremendous power combined with the light from the compa*s directly drew the power of heaven and earth, and the entire sky began to swirl with fierce winds.