The other devil cultivator slammed his hands on the ground, and a black mist chain flew towards the flame puppet, trying to use the chain to bind the flame puppet and weaken the flame puppet’s ability to move.
However, the black mist chains were burnt out by the high temperature the moment they came into contact with the flame golem, and didn’t even have a hint of effect.
“Holy sh*t, this little brother is too awesome ……”
Chen Ping looked at the scene in front of him and was also a little staggered, he himself had not thought that this puppet was so bullish!
“I didn’t expect that Fire Spirit Star Sovereign’s Supreme Fire Essence Spirit to be so powerful, putting it onto this puppet, it was so powerful.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch also didn’t expect that the strength of a puppet driven by the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit would be simply too awesome!
The black-robed youth was dumbfounded at the moment, he had never seen such an awesome puppet before.
Refined puppets like this were usually only driven by spirit stones, just pure power attacks, and it was impossible to know any Supreme Flame at all!
But this puppet actually had a Supreme Fire on its body, and it looked like the Supreme Fire was still changing, not just one type of Supreme Fire!
Although the puppet’s every attack was still a fist smashing out, but with the Supreme Fire on its body, this made it very difficult!
He did not understand where on earth Chen Ping got a puppet that would have a Supreme Fire on its body.
The few demonic cultivators chickened out, but the flame puppet continued to charge forward, it simply did not know what fear was!
Every attack of the puppet was like a heavy hammer hitting the hearts of the demon cultivators, they began to panic and their formation gradually fell apart.
At this moment, these demon cultivators only had the ability to fight back, they no longer had the ability to fight back, in the midst of this chaos, the flame puppet once again swung its fist and struck, the blazing flames swooped at a demon cultivator like a giant dragon.
The demonic cultivator screamed in terror and tried to dodge, but the flames followed him like a shadow, engulfing his entire being.
At this moment, there were only two devil cultivators left on the battlefield, they looked at each other with terror and despair in their eyes, they knew that they no longer had any chance of winning.
The two devil cultivators looked at the black-robed youth and saw that the black-robed youth had no intention of making a move, nor did he tell them to retreat, so the two of them could only fight for their lives, they decided to join forces and cast the most powerful forbidden art in an attempt to die with the flaming golem.
They mouthed words and made seals with their hands as a powerful aura began to converge around them.
However, before their forbidden art could be completed, the Flame Puppet had already rushed in front of them, and then swung its fist out, flames surging towards the two demonic cultivators like a torrent.
They didn’t even have time to react before they were engulfed by the flames, and under the light of the flames, their expressions were filled with horror and despair, and they eventually turned into two balls of fire and disappeared without a trace.
“Little brother, bullish ……”
Chen Ping jumped up in excitement, even happier than he himself had killed these five demonic cultivators!
But judging from this battle, the strength of this puppet was enough to reach the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, whether it would be even higher or not, other battles were needed to see!
However, even if it was at the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, Chen Ping was still very happy, this was the same as having an additional bodyguard of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm by his side!
Ochre Yan and Jiang Yulian and the others were nothing but shocked and ashamed at the moment, these people of theirs were even inferior to a puppet!
The black-robed youth frowned slightly and did not feel any sadness because of the few dead men!
The reason why he did not make a move was because he wanted to see, just what level Chen Ping’s puppet had reached!
“Now I finally know why the alliance master had to hunt you down with a hundred years of offerings.”
“So it’s not that you’re bullish, but that you have a bullish puppet.”
“But puppets are ultimately dead things, even if you have a puppet to protect you, I will still kill you today!”
After the black-robed youth finished speaking, the aura on his body erupted once again!