A sword kills!
It was still in a situation where no one in the crowd had reacted!
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Beheading Sword, and blood was still dripping from above the blade of the Dragon Beheading Sword.
Hiss …………
Seeing this scene, the disciples of the Wantong Pavilion all sucked in a breath of cold air!
Just now, they were angry that Chen Ping was looking down on people!
Now, they were all dumbstruck. A fourth ranked cultivator of the Transitional Appearance realm was killed by a third ranked cultivator of the Transitional Appearance realm with a single sword, without any delay.
Even if it was a fifth ranked cultivator of the Transition realm who wanted to kill a fourth ranked cultivator of the Transition realm, he would not be able to do it in such a fast and silky manner!
Elder Sun was also shocked, he did not expect that Chen Ping would be so strong, from that sword alone, he himself was not sure that he could do it!
The one-eyed cultivator looked at his dead little brother and was shocked.
Then angrily roared “Kid, you are looking for death, kill me ……”
The one eyed cultivator’s body leapt up, a scimitar in his hand filled with a silky black mist and came straight at Chen Ping!
“With me here, you won’t be able to hurt Mr Chen in the slightest!”
Elder Sun followed with a leap, with Chen Ping’s performance just now, Elder Sun’s confidence increased greatly!
Elder Sun followed that one-eyed cultivator into a fierce battle!
While the remaining dozen or so demonic cultivators came towards Chen Ping in a siege!
“Nine Shadow Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword was waved, followed by the appearance of one figure after another!
In the end, there were seven identical Chen Ping’s, all in golden armour, holding the Dragon Sword, their eyes full of killing intent as they looked at those devil cultivators!
When the dozen or so devil cultivators saw the sudden appearance of so many identical Chen Ping figures, they all froze!
Not only them, but even those cultivators from the Wantong Pavilion and the dirigible also looked dumbfounded!
They really didn’t understand, what kind of technique did Chen Ping use, how did he change so many of himself at once?
Which one was real?
“Don’t be afraid, this is an illusion, all of them are fake, you guys just attack!”
r> The one-eyed cultivator saw that his junior brothers were all subdued by Chen Ping, so he roared loudly!
The sudden appearance of so many Chen Ping’s at once was obviously the use of illusionary techniques to confuse the eyes of the crowd!
After the dozen or so demonic cultivators heard the words of the one-eyed cultivator, they once again began to attack!
A dozen or so various treasures came together towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Cutting Sword and instantly leapt high into the air!
When Chen Ping leapt up, the dozen or so demonic cultivators instantly aimed at him, all knowing that this was Chen Ping’s original body, and that the others were all illusions!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, wanted this effect, a dozen or so demonic cultivators also followed this leap up, straight towards Chen Ping’s main body, no one was in charge of the few Chen Ping doppelgangers below!
But just as these dozen of demonic cultivators were looking to attack Chen Ping, they suddenly felt a chill coming from behind them!
These devil cultivators were startled, they thought that the disciples of the Wantong Pavilion had struck!
However, when they looked down, they realised that it was actually those Chen Ping doppelgangers that they had ignored, who were currently holding the Dragon Slashing Sword to kill them!
These demonic cultivators were so shocked that they were unable to react in time, and were directly decimated by six or seven of them!
This time, half of them were lost!
“What is this?”
“Crap, can an illusionary doppelganger also kill?”
“This doppelganger doesn’t seem to be illusory at all, as if each doppelganger has its own aura.”
“Too terrifying, is this kid really at the third rank of the Transition Realm cultivation?”
Regardless of whether it was those disciples from the Wan Tong Pavilion or those on the blimp, each of them looked on in shock, their eyes dropping!
That one-eyed cultivator followed Elder Sun in the battle and didn’t notice this side, and when he glanced at it without thinking, he was instantly stunned!
The dozen or so juniors that were alive and kicking just now, at this moment, in the blink of an eye, half of them were dead?
He could not understand how on earth this Chen Ping had managed to do this!
In the moment when the one-eyed cultivator was shocked, Elder Sun seized the moment and slapped his palm on that one-eyed cultivator’s chest, shocking that one-eyed cultivator out a long way!