When several people saw that Xu Changsheng had returned, they hurriedly put down the work they were doing and all greeted him.
“Grand Elder, did you invite that high ranking person you mentioned? If he can help us practice an earth-tier elixir, the valley master will definitely be happy ……”
One of the old men dressed in black robes asked.
This man was also a Pill God Valley elder, ranked third, and none of those who could appear here were below the rank of elder.
“Third Elder, a few of us had better see how we can bring this girl back to life ……”
Xu Changsheng flashed, and Chen Ping appeared in front of several people with Xiao Lan in his arms.
Several elders froze and looked at Chen Ping in surprise, “Eldest Elder, this is the Pill God Hall, no one is allowed in except for a few of us and the Valley Master, how can you bring in outsiders?”
“Let’s not talk about that first, I’ll explain to you guys afterwards, let’s see if we can bring this girl back to life first ……”
Xu Changsheng said with some anxiety.
He knew that as long as Xiao Lan was saved alive, Chen Ping would owe the Pill God Valley a favor, in which case, if he was asked to help the Pill God Valley refine medicine, Chen Ping would be too embarra*sed to refuse.
When the elders saw Xu Changsheng’s appearance, they did not say anything and looked at Xiao Lan in Chen Ping’s arms together.
An old man with an ancient face took Xiao Lan’s pulse, then shook his head with an ugly look on his face and said, “This girl’s internal organs have been badly injured, it’s not easy to save her. Otherwise she couldn’t have lasted until now ……”
Chen Ping listened to the old man’s words, his face was frozen, he had been using his spiritual energy to maintain Xiao Lan’s life, although Chen Ping also knew the art of healing and was very skilled, but it was difficult for a clever woman to cook without rice, now the spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s dantian was scarce, he could not save Xiao Lan unless he was back to his peak state.
Although the Pill God Valley was relatively full of spiritual energy at the moment, it was meaningless to Chen Ping, and the spiritual energy that was sucked into his body was like a stone sinking into the sea.
“Second Elder, where is the Valley Master? Doesn’t the Valley Master have a Heaven Returning Pill that can bring people back to life, if you give it to this girl, she will definitely be saved ……”
Xu Changsheng asked to the old man with the ancient face.
“Eldest Elder, you don’t have a fever, do you?” The Second Elder was stunned, “That Heaven Returning Pill is the Valley Master’s greatest treasure, you’re asking the Valley Master to give it to this unrelated woman? Is that possible?”
“How is it irrelevant? This girl is a friend of Brother Chen, and Brother Chen is the high achiever I’ve found who can refine earth-rank pills ……” Xu Changsheng pointed at Chen Ping: “Not only is Brother Chen superbly strong and able to kill Martial Zongs, but he is also highly skilled in pills and can refine earth-rank pills, and most The main thing is that Brother Chen also knows about formations, the psychedelic formation at the entrance of our Pill God Valley was recognized by Brother Chen at a glance ……”
Hearing Xu Changsheng’s words, several elders instantly looked at Chen Ping in surprise, each as if they had seen an alien.
“Grand Elder, you’re not joking with us, are you? This kid is only twenty years old, his fetal hair hasn’t even finished falling off yet, we could possibly be as powerful as you say, even if he had been refining pills from inside his mother’s womb, he couldn’t have practiced an earth rank pills ……”
The third elder was full of disbelief!
“Third elder is right, this kid is young, how can he possibly practice earth rank pills and be as powerful as you say, this kid and this girl, are they not relatives of your family, are they, that’s why you are saying this on purpose?”
The second elder also looked at Xu Changsheng with disbelief.
“If you guys don’t believe me, I’ll have Brother Chen practice an earth rank elixir out for you on the spot, when have I, Xu Changsheng, ever told a lie in all my years ……”
When Xu Changsheng saw that these people didn’t believe him, he became furious and said.
“Elder Xu ……” Chen Ping hurriedly called out to Xu Changsheng, “Sorry, I can’t practice the earth rank promised by you, all I can practice are some ordinary Great Return Pills, Small Return Pills and such… …”