The Divine Reckoning gave Chen Ping a look, as if he wanted to see Chen Ping through, but he failed to see anything from Chen Ping’s body.
“Mr. Chen, the Divine Reckoning Master can divine the past and the future, he wants to divine a trigram for Mr. Chen and wants to see the identity of Mr. Chen ……”
Yue Buqun said as he looked to Chen Ping inquiringly.
“Good, I would like to know what my identity really is too ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
He had long wanted to know what his father really was, and if this divine calculator could really divine it, that would be great, but it looked like this divine calculator would have enough trouble figuring it out!
Even a character like Blood Demon, who found out the mystery of his birth, was so frightened that he was so pale that he didn’t dare to say a word, so this divine calculator was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to calculate anything!
“Master Divine Reckoning, Mr. Chen has promised that we can begin ……”
Yue Buqun said to the divine calculator.
In fact, Yue Buqun was very curious about Chen Ping’s identity, when the Three Life Stones blew up, Yue Buqun only knew that Chen Ping’s identity was by no means simple, but as to what exactly it was, he was not sure!
“Good.” The Divine Reckoner nodded, and then pulled out three copper coins!
The Divine Reckoner mouthed the words and immediately threw the three bronze coins towards the air, and the three coins instantly flashed with a brilliant golden light!
The three bronze coins were suspended above Chen Ping’s head in a zigzag shape, and the golden light shone down on him!
Chen Ping was sitting still, with a smile on his face!
The divine calculator’s eyes were slightly closed, his fingers were moving rapidly, and he was muttering something under his breath!
Soon, the three coins began to shake and the divine calculator’s complexion changed, his brow furrowed!
Then later, the divine calculator’s forehead was already covered with sweat and his body was shaking along with it!
Boom …………
Suddenly, there was an explosion, only to see the three copper coins on top of Chen Ping’s head directly explode into powder.
Poof …………
And a mouthful of blood gushed out from the Divine Calculus, and the breath on his body became faint beyond belief!
The Divine Reckoner opened his eyes and looked at Chen Ping in horror, his trembling body actually gave Chen Ping a slow kneeling down!
Seeing that appearance of the Divine Calculus, Yue Buqun was somewhat confused.
“Master Divine Calculation, can you calculate Mr. Chen’s identity?”
Yue Buqun asked.
The Divine Calculus shook his head “Mr. Chen’s identity is a true heavenly opportunity, I only peeked into it slightly and it backfired, almost costing me my life ……”
“Mr. Chen, it was my presumption to be rude, I hope Mr. Chen will not be offended ……”
The Divine Calculus knelt down in front of Chen Ping and apologized very sincerely!
When Yue Buqun saw this, he was also shocked, it was fortunate that he only used the Three Life Stones to check Chen Ping’s identity in the first place, if he had also checked Chen Ping in person, he might not have saved his own little life!
“Get up ……” said Chen Ping with a calm face!
The Divine Calculus trembled and stood up, at this moment he was like a mouse meeting a cat in front of Chen Ping!
“You’re the only one who found this place, the others don’t know, right?”
Chen Ping asked to the Divine Reckoning.
“I don’t know, I didn’t tell the others, those guys betrayed their trust and were in cahoots with the evil cultivators, I’ve long been sick of seeing them, so I secretly led them out.”
“From now on, I will follow Mr. Chen, who dares to disrespect Mr. Chen, I will be the first to disagree ……”
The Divine Calculus hurriedly followed Leng Wu Dao and the others to clear the air!
“In that case, let’s stay here for some more time until Patriarch Yue recovers!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“All at Chen’s disposal ……”
The Divine Calculus nodded!
With the Divine Reckoner on board, it was much easier for Chen Ping, every day the Divine Reckoner would lead people to pick medicinal herbs and take care of Chen Ping and his family’s upkeep!
And Chen Ping had more time to cultivate, and with the abundant resources, Chen Ping’s strength improved very quickly!
A week later, Yue Buqun’s body had completely recovered, and Chen Ping took the group and began to continue on his journey!
During this time, the old man inside him had been nagging at him every day and had long been waiting impatiently!
It had also nagged Chen Ping ……