After the death of the Li King, all of Ming Li King City’s armies began to flee in droves!
When Yi He saw this, he led the generals of Demon Emperor City to charge!
It chased them all the way to Ming Li King City!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Gao Qilan and the girls all gathered around and saw that Chen Ping’s face was a bit not so good, so they asked with concern!
“I’m fine!” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
But just after he finished speaking, Chen Ping only felt the sky spinning and his entire body instantly collapsed on the ground!
Pulling the Divine King’s Bow several times in a row was a huge drain on Chen Ping’s strength, and at this point, Chen Ping was a little off his feet!
Seeing that Chen Ping had fainted, several women carried Chen Ping back to the Demon Emperor City with seven hands and eight feet!
Chen Ping fainted for three days!
During these three days, Yi He led the people to completely occupy the Ming Li King City!
Occupying Ming Li King City caused Yi He’s strength to increase by a lot!
“Mr Chen hasn’t woken up yet?” Yi He looked at Chen Ping who was still unconscious and looked a little nervous.
It had been three days, Chen Ping had even been unconscious for three days!
“He hasn’t woken up yet, but his body isn’t in any serious trouble, it’s just that his power consumption is too great, causing the coma.”
Ruyan Liu checked Chen Ping’s body every day, and she knew that Chen Ping’s body did not appear to be in any condition!
“Although that God King Bow is good, it also consumes too much physical strength, I have prepared some more resources so that Mr Chen Ping can recover faster.”
Yihe had scavenged a large amount of resources from the Mingli King City, intending to let Chen Ping absorb them all so that Chen Ping could recover faster!
As soon as Yihe’s words fell, he saw Chen Ping slowly open his eyes!
“Chen Ping ……” Seeing that Chen Ping had woken up, Ruyan Liu hurriedly shouted excitedly!
“Mr Chen!”
Yi He also rushed forward!
Chen Ping slowly got up, glanced around and said “How long have I been unconscious? How is Ming Li Wangcheng?”
“Mr Chen, you have been unconscious for three days, I have already taken that Ming Li King City, you don’t need to worry.”
Yihe hurriedly said!r>
“That’s good, you inform down, the matter that I have the Divine King’s Bow in my hand, absolutely cannot be disclosed in half.”
Chen Ping barked at Yihe!
Chen Ping knew that if this news got out, he would become a target, and everyone would probably be looking for trouble and want to kill him!
“Don’t worry, Mr Chen, I have already instructed that no one will dare to leak half a word.”
Yihe also understood the importance of the Divine King Bow, how many people were fighting for the Divine King Bow, if they knew that Chen Ping had the Divine King Bow in his hands, they would not go crazy looking for trouble from Chen Ping!
“Has the Fire Phoenix not returned yet?” Chen Ping asked again!
“Miss Fire Phoenix is estimated to return in a few more days, Mr Chen, just rest and recuperate, I will handle the rest.”
Yihe told Chen Ping to rest well and not to think so much!
Just as Chen Ping was chatting along with Yi He, suddenly Nie Heng ran in!
“Nie Heng, why did you run back, didn’t I tell you to follow the Third Elder back to the Jade Tripod Sect?”
Seeing Nie Heng run back, Ruyan Liu was surprised and asked!
The matter in Demon Emperor City had been resolved, so Ruyan Liu had let the Third Elder return with the people of the Jade Tripod Sect!
But this had just been gone for a few days when Nie Heng ran back!
“Patriarch, the Jade Tripod Sect was taken over by that Hu Yixiao, he took advantage of the fact that Ming Li Royal City attacked Demon Emperor City and our Jade Tripod Sect came to help, and he brought people to take over the Jade Tripod Sect.”
“That Ming Li Royal City purposely put us into Demon Emperor City so that the Jade Tripod Sect would be empty and that Hu Yixiao would be able to get his hands on us easily.”
Nie Heng said with a gasp!
As soon as Liu Ruyan heard this, her brows furrowed, she didn’t think that this Hu Yixiao hadn’t died yet!
“Damn it, this Hu Yixiao is really bold, that Knight King is dead now, and Ming Knight King City is under my command, he still dares to cause trouble.”
“Don’t worry, Miss Liu, your Jade Tripod Sect has allowed that Hu Yixiao to take advantage of it for the sake of our Demon Emperor City, I will personally lead people to the Jade Tripod Sect right now to exterminate that Hu Yixiao and help you take back the Jade Tripod Sect.”
Yi Hyuk’s face was full of anger, a small Hu Yixiao, can he still turn against the sky!