Wang Han Han was not only good looking, but she was also a first cla*s singer, her voice was no different from the original singer!
This made many men jealous of Chen Ping, especially Cui Zhiyuan, whose eyes were getting hotter and hotter towards Wang Han Han, but he couldn’t show too much enthusiasm in the presence of Sun Xiaomeng!
With Wang Han Han’s singing, the atmosphere inside the entire private room almost reached its peak, and all of them were drunk and dizzy, dancing and jumping around.
Zhang Tongjian had also been poured a few gla*ses, and was now standing up with a red face, bouncing along with him!
Chen Ping was the only one sitting in the corner, quietly watching.
Just as the crowd was having a good time, suddenly the door of the private room was pushed open and a balding middle-aged man walked in with a gla*s of wine, followed by two bodyguards in suits behind the middle-aged man!
Seeing someone suddenly barge in, everyone stopped and looked somewhat overwhelmed, and Wang Han Han also put the microphone in her hand down!
The middle-aged man’s eyes are a bit disoriented, his face is red, obviously drunk, after barging in, swept a glance at the people in the room, the corners of his mouth raised: “So it’s a bunch of raw eggs ah, who just sang a song, singing is quite good, come with me to the private room inside to sing two songs …… ”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the public.
Seeing that no one was speaking, the middle-aged man put his eyes on the three girls, Wang Han Han, Wang Lan Lan and Sun Xiaomeng, as they were the only ones holding the microphone in their hands!
“All three chicks are good ah, bring the three of them to my private room ……”
The middle-aged man said, pulling out a pile of hundred dollar bills from his pocket and throwing them towards the three girls, followed by the two bodyguards behind him!
This frightened the three people, so frightened that they backed up, that Cui Zhiyuan is a little ugly face forward to block the front!
He was the only one with a high status here, so if he didn’t step in at this time, he was going to be laughed at, not to mention that Sun Xiaomeng was his girlfriend!
How could he stand by and watch his girlfriend being taken away from him and do nothing about it!
“This gentleman, who are you? We’re just here to sing and relax, the three of them are our friends, not chaperones!”
Cui Zhiyuan said to the middle-aged man.
“What does it matter if they’re chaperones or not, I’m paying you guys to come to a place like this and only dare to order beer and drink, don’t you feel ashamed? Let the three chicks go sing for me and I’ll order you a few bottles of Lafite to drink ……”
The middle-aged man went up and patted Cui Zhiyuan’s face and said.
The middle-aged man’s action could be described as harmless and insulting, it was treating Cui Zhiyuan like a little brat!
Cui Zhiyuan’s face was furious and he directly pushed the middle-aged man away, almost not letting him fall over!
He didn’t know the identity of his opponent, so if he P*ssed him off, it would be difficult to solve the problem!
“D*mn it, you’re pushing me?” The middle-aged man was furious: “Beat him up for me ……”
After saying that, the two bodyguards directly rushed towards Cui Zhiyuan, which scared Cui Zhiyuan enough!
When they saw that the other party was going to do something, the others didn’t care about being scared, they grabbed the bottles and stood with Cui Zhiyuan, after all, Cui Zhiyuan was their manager, now was the time to show their loyalty!
There were only three of them, so they could beat each other!
When the two bodyguards saw this, they were all slightly stunned, they didn’t expect this group of youngsters to be quite united, and for a while the two bodyguards didn’t dare to make a move!
At this moment, Cui Zhiyuan was very happy in his heart, seeing that the two bodyguards didn’t dare to make a move, he immediately bullyingly went forward and kicked one of them and said, “Now get lost, I’ll pretend that this matter never happened!”