I only saw that at this time the snow wolf was following the swallowing beast and constantly fighting, although the swallowing beast was huge, but the snow wolf was flexible and always managed to dodge the swallowing beast’s attacks at the right time.
“Little White, if you kill this big guy, I’ll reward you with this bead ……”
Su Yuqi pulled out a crystal clear bead from her body at this time and shouted at the snow wolf.
Seeing the crystal clear bead, the Snow Wolf threw its head back and yelled out in an owl, followed by its body leaping up and biting the neck of the Heaven Swallowing Beast fiercely, ripping off a large piece of flesh in one bite.
The beast roared in pain and waved its claws desperately, trying to slap the snow wolf to death, but the snow wolf’s body was like a loach, spinning around the beast, and the beast could not touch the snow wolf at all.
Finding the right moment, the snow wolf struck again, biting the neck of the Swallowing Beast again, this time the snow wolf bit down and wouldn’t let go.
This time, the snow wolf bit down and wouldn’t let go. The swallowed beast rolled on the ground desperately, trying to break free, but it was useless!
A few minutes later, the huge Heaven Swallowing Beast was bitten to death alive by the Snow Wolf.
“This …………”
Watanabe Ichiro’s mouth grew, his entire body stunned.
A snow wolf that had bitten the huge Heaven Swallowing Beast to death, this was simply outrageous.
“Little White, good performance ……”
Su Yuqi smiled and threw the bead in her hand, the snow wolf scurried and took it directly in its mouth, then quickly ran in front of Chen Ping and rubbed its head against him.
Chen Ping slowly squatted down and stroked the snow wolf’s head, while the snow wolf put the bead into Chen Ping’s hand.
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi in a moment of dismay, not knowing what the Snow Wolf was doing.
“This is the night pearl for your competition, Little White is helping you win the competition ……”
When Su Yuqi said so, it dawned on Chen Ping that this was the night pearl they were looking for.
Chen Ping happily wrapped his arms around the snow wolf’s neck, this snow wolf was so humane, it couldn’t be a better companion.
Just then, Ichiro Watanabe suddenly turned around and ran!
“Where to run ……”
Andrew rushed up with one healthy step.
Seeing this, Chen Ping also snorted coldly and stopped in front of Watanabe Ichiro in the blink of an eye.
The snow wolf followed closely behind, surprisingly not letting Chen Ping fall behind in the slightest.
At this moment, Watanabe Ichiro looked at Chen Ping with a face full of panic: “What are you going to do? I …… I admit defeat, I’ve lost, I won’t fight with you guys!”
Watanabe Ichiro actually took out the ring and started to concede defeat.
“Today, if you concede defeat, I will also take your life!”
Chen Ping said with a cold face.
“No, you cannot kill me, I am from the Watanabe family, do you know about the Watanabe family? Do you know the consequences of killing me?”
Watanabe Ichiro saw that Chen Ping was not going to let himself go, so he threatened.
“I don’t care what family you are ……”
Chen Ping said, raising his hand and grabbing Watanabe Ichiro, while at the same time the Heart Condensing Technique worked frantically, devouring Watanabe Ichiro’s powerful Qi.
The entire Watanabe Ichiro screamed miserably, his body trembling continuously, the energy within his body was losing continuously.
After just a few minutes, Watanabe Ichiro had turned into a dried up corpse.
Andrew, who was watching this scene, wanted to say something, but eventually swallowed his words back.
After killing Watanabe Ichiro, Chen Ping then took out the beast pellet of the Heaven Swallowing Beast, and the group started to walk back.
On the way, Chen Ping realised that Long Wu had been hiding on this island with Su Yuqi and the girls, until Watanabe Ichiro secretly sent someone to the island with the intention of undermining Chen Ping, and only then did Long Wu bring Su Yuqi and the girls to show themselves.
The matter of Chen Ping helping the Guardian Pavilion to compete in the International Competition was also already known to Long Wu, as well as the matter of the Martial Arts Alliance and the Dragon Family speaking up for Chen Ping. Although Long Wu was on the island, he had nevertheless been following Chen Ping’s information.