Several masters came forward and carefully studied the above array, but they didn’t dare to touch it easily, they just watched from afar!
After looking at it for a while, an old man said to Tong Youcai, “Second young master, this is an ancient magic array. Even if a needle is used to cast the array, if the array is not broken, no one can remove the needle.”
“If you break the formation, you will be burnt to death by the spirit fire, just like what happened to you.”
“So powerful?” Tong Youcai frowned, “Then can you dismantle this formation?”
“Yes, I have studied these formations and I can break them, but it will take some time.”
The old man said.
“How long will it take?” Tong Youcai continued.
“One day, one day, and we can break this formation.” The old man held out a finger and said.
When Tong Youcai heard that one day was not too long, he nodded and said, “Then let’s break the formation quickly, there will be rewards for breaking this formation!”
Upon hearing this, several masters from the Heavenly Thunder Sect started to break the formation.
“This Water Fairy Palace has set up a really powerful array, I’m afraid I won’t be able to break it in a day!”
“I didn’t expect that the several masters of the Heavenly Thunder Sect would be so skilled.”
Old Liu said with some emotion.
“Just this bunch of rubbish, they won’t be able to break it even in three days, don’t listen to their bragging!”
Leng Yun had a disdainful look on his face, he didn’t even see these masters from the Tian Lei School!
When Tong Youcai heard that Leng Yun was so disparaging to the Tian Lei School, he became a bit upset and looked at Leng Yun and said, “Leng Yun, you are a master of magic, how long can you take to open it? I reckon you don’t even have a method!”
“Even if I were to do it, it would take at least three days. These few masters of your Tian Lei School may not be able to open it in ten days, not to mention one day!”
Leng Yun’s words made Tong Youcai’s face grow colder and colder!
“They won’t be able to open it in a month, this kind of formation is beyond their ability to solve.”
Chen Ping also spoke up at this time.
Although they called themselves masters, their techniques were not very clever at all, and they could only fool people like Tong Youcai, who knew nothing about magic!
“Chen Ping, don’t talk nonsense here, if you have the ability, you can break the spell one day.”
Tong Youzhu shouted angrily at Chen Ping!
“It doesn’t take a day to break this formation, I only need a minute ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
After all, these two men were masters of the art, and they could see the level of the formation!
To break such an ingenious ancient formation in just one minute would be a joke!
Although Tong Youcai didn’t understand it, he didn’t believe Chen Ping when he said that he had broken the array in just one minute: “Stop bragging, I don’t believe you have that kind of ability!”
“I’ll know if I have that ability, but I’ll have to distribute the treasures that I see after I break this formation and open the stone door!”
“Do you dare to let me try?”
Chen Ping sneered at Tong Youcai and asked.
He was really afraid that Chen Ping would break the formation in a minute!
“If you can break the formation in one minute, I don’t want the treasures inside.”
Leng Yun opened his mouth.
He knew about magic and didn’t believe that Chen Ping could break the stone gate in one minute!
Despite Leng Yun’s words, Tong Youcai didn’t dare to bet on it, and could only say to the hastily-formed Martial Arts Masters of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, “Speed up, for you will be looked down upon and said that you are not worthy of the title of Martial Arts Master.” -Tong Youcai