But under Shi’s grip, the void began to tremble!
Soon countless subtle breaths began to converge!
Everyone looked at Mr Shi in confusion!
Especially Zuo Tianzheng and the others, they had originally thought that they were bound to die, but who knew that Mr Shi didn’t seem to be targeting them!
Chen Ping also looked at Shi in confusion, not knowing what Shi was doing!
Soon, those breaths converged into a humanoid shape, gradually becoming the appearance of Narada!
“This …………”
Seeing the slowly forming Luo Tower, the crowd was all confused!
No one could understand what Shi was doing!
Even that Luo Ta looked confused, looking up and down at his body!
Hadn’t he already died and gone up in smoke?
“Confessor Luo?”Zuo Tianzheng looked at the resurrected Luo Ta and shouted incredulously.
“What’s going on here?”
Luo Ta asked to Zuo Tianzheng!
“He …… he …………”
Zuo Tianzheng stumbled for half a day and couldn’t tell what was going on!
Xiao Yuanshan and the others all looked at Shi incredulously, not understanding why he would resurrect Luo Ta since he had killed him?
Can a person still be resurrected after they have all gone up in smoke?
“Mr Shi, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping’s face was full of incomprehension!
“Your enemies, you need to kill them yourself, I am just helping you to teach you a lesson.”
Mr Shi smiled faintly!
Chen Ping was confused, with his current strength, how was he going to kill Na Luota?
Xiao Yuan Shan and the others were also dumbfounded, not understanding this Mr Shi behind Chen Ping, what kind of person was he?
How come he still had this kind of quirk?
On the other hand, Zuo Tianzheng and the others heaved a sigh of relief when they heard Mr Shi’s words.
This time, they couldn’t die, it was just a pity about those resources!
Chen Ping looked at Shi dumbfounded, but soon he seemed to understand Shi!
Shi’s ability could completely allow him to walk sideways in the Celestial Realm!
However, Shi had never done so, in order to allow himself to experience one step at a time.
“Mr Shi, I understand!”Chen Ping nodded!
“It’s good that you understand!”Mr Shi touched the top of Chen Ping’s head!
“Then, silly big man, hand over your storage bag or I will not be polite.”
Chen Ping turned his head to look at the living Luo Ta and pointed at him with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
Luo Ta was being pointed at by Chen Ping, a Ferrying Realm cultivator, with his sword, but he did not dare to say a word!
Looking at Shi beside Chen Ping, Luo Ta could only helplessly throw his storage bag at Chen Ping’s feet!
The taste of having died once was really bad, Luo Ta did not want to try it again!
But just as Luo Ta threw the storage bag to Chen Ping!
Suddenly, an extremely terrifying and powerful aura in the sky came rushing towards the crowd!
This aura caused the entire heaven and earth to become somewhat illusory!
The powerful pressure caused many people to fall to the ground, and there were even those who vomited blood on the spot!
Even Na Luota’s face was pale and he clenched his teeth in death!
This terrifying aura was not much stronger than when Na Luo Ta came!
Everyone looked in horror at the aura coming from the distance!
No one knew how this suddenly came another strong person!
These people from the Xiao Dynasty all had ugly faces, they were very afraid that this strong person was a high ranking person behind the Demon Sealing Alliance!
If that was the case, there would be no telling how this would end today!
Along with the pressure getting stronger and stronger, an old man’s figure slowly appeared in the void, the visitor had a white beard, a long green robe, and his eyes were shining!
“Who is the one who is acting recklessly in the Western Region?”
The old man slowly spoke!
“Domain Lord, Western Domain Domain Lord ……”
“Lord Royal Lord …………”
Xiao Yuanshan recognised the old man in front of him and then knelt on the ground!
The rest of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty crowd also shouted loudly when they saw this!
Zuo Tianzheng and the others, being from the Northern Domain, did not recognise the Western Domain Lord, but when they heard that the other party was the Western Domain Lord, they all lowered their heads as well!
The five Domain Lords, no matter which one appeared, it could be the existence of a dragon amongst people in the Celestial Realm.