“If you leave with me, what will happen to the other challengers on this tier?”
Chen Ping asked!
“They’ll be teleported out, this tier’s passage will close, but everyone will carry a clearance mark.”
“In the next century, the first tier will get a new guardian.”
Nan Batian explained!
“That’s good, then come with me!” Hearing this, Chen Ping felt relieved, knowing Lin Keting would be sent out of the Heavenly Ladder, safe from danger, so he wouldn’t need to search for her!
“As you command…” Nan Batian bowed!
At this moment, Nan Batian no longer harbored the slightest disdain for Chen Ping, instead, he was wary of his identity and background, someone who could casually dispel the Heavenly Dao power of a Golden Immortal was no ordinary figure!
Especially with Chen Ping’s spiritual sword and divine beast, none of which a typical low-level Transcendence Realm cultivator could possess!
“Senior, with only a third of your strength left, if you go to the Heavenly Human Realm, you’ll likely face further suppression, reducing your cultivation even more.”
“Plus, the resources in the Heavenly Human Realm aren’t well-suited for Heavenly Realm immortals to cultivate, I have some Immortal Spirit Stones here, though they’re not as good as Heavenly Realm Immortal Stones, they should help you maintain your current realm without dropping!”
Chen Ping directly took out a storage pouch containing a hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones!
Nan Batian took the stones, his face full of shock, “Mr. Chen, this… is this appropriate?”
“Of course it’s appropriate, you’re following me now, so naturally, I’ll provide the resources you need.”
Chen Ping tossed the storage pouch to Nan Batian!
Nan Batian was visibly moved, in this world, he’d had no resources at all, surviving only by depleting his meager spiritual energy day by day!
Without replenishment, he knew his body would eventually waste away!
“Mr. Chen, I, Nan Batian, will follow you to the death…”
Nan Batian clasped his fists and declared!
“In the Heavenly Human Realm, I won’t need you just yet, but once we reach the Heavenly Realm, I might call on you for help!”
Chen Ping had Master Shi in the Heavenly Human Realm, a figure who could cover the skies with one hand!
But in the Heavenly Realm, Chen Ping wouldn’t be so dominant!
“No problem, as long as I can return to the Heavenly Realm, if Mr. Chen ever needs anything, just call on me!” Nan Batian patted his chest confidently!
“Let me ask you something, do you know who the guardians of the other tiers of the Heavenly Ladder are? What’s their strength like? And what kind of worlds are those tiers?”
Chen Ping inquired!
Nan Batian shook his head, “That I don’t know, but I can guarantee the guardians in this Heavenly Ladder are all prisoners like I was.”
“As for the worlds on each tier, they change, just like this one, when the Heavenly Ladder reappears in a century, this world will likely cease to exist, replaced by a new one.”
“Because the resources and cultivators here are nearly exhausted, there’s no challenge left.”
Chen Ping didn’t press further, though he silently hoped the fourth tier wouldn’t change worlds, Yun Li had mentioned an Immortal Venerable’s cave mansion on the fourth tier, if the world shifted, that cave would surely vanish too!
“Mr. Chen, two people are approaching, cultivators from the Heavenly Human Realm, probably here to challenge me.”
At that moment, Nan Batian frowned slightly!
“No need to worry, you’re no longer a prisoner or a guardian, if they dare make a move, I’ll step in.”
“In the Heavenly Human Realm, my name is known to all…”
Chen Ping boasted arrogantly!
But he was speaking the truth, especially after the battle at the Dao Sect, nearly every cultivator entering the Heavenly Ladder knew of him!
“Mr. Chen, you’re badass!”
Nan Batian gave a thumbs-up!