Fu Nai Si and Hai Ande rushed out of the small cave.
Hai Ande grabbed a Yupu Sect disciple and said, “What’s going on? Is someone trying to rob the Immortal Mine?”
“Sect Master, it’s not that someone is robbing the Immortal Mine, it’s that someone dug out a precious pearl, it’s probably a rare treasure!”
That disciple replied!
Upon hearing this, Hayander hurriedly headed in the direction that the crowd had run to, and seeing this, Payneth also followed!
And in the deepest part of the Immortal Mining Cave, a Jade Maiden Sect disciple was holding a wind-stabilising bead and following the Jade Pope Sect disciple’s theory!
“This precious pearl was found by our Jade Maiden Sect disciple, why should we give it to you?”
That Jade Maiden Sect disciple questioned!
And at this moment, a Jade Pu Sect disciple in a skinny outfit said “This entire Immortal Mining Cave was discovered by us, of course the things in here are ours, hurry up and hand them over.”
“Eldest brother is right, the things are ours, hurry up and hand them over ……”
“Hand it over, or you will be treated impolitely ……”
The disciples of the Jade Pope Sect shouted!
The Jade Maiden Sect disciples also did not show weakness, one by one loudly retorted “This thing, whoever found it is whoever, why give it to you?”
“No, we found it, you still want to rob it?”
“Don’t think that our Jade Maiden Sect is easy to bully ……”
For a while, the Jade Maiden Sect followed the disciples of the Jade Pope Sect, yelling that they were about to fight!
“All shut up ……”
Hai Ande arrived after Fu Nai Si, so he told the crowd to shut up!
Seeing Fu Nai Si arrive, that Jade Maiden disciple then hurriedly handed over the Wind Fixing Bead and said “Sect Master, this precious bead was found by our Jade Maiden disciple, and now their Jade Pope Sect people want to snatch it.”
Fu Naisi received the Wind Fixing Bead, instantly her eyes were bright, because she could feel the gust of breath within the Wind Fixing Bead, and could even hear the sound of the wind!
Although Fu Nais did not know what the name of this Wind Fixing Bead was, she knew that something found in this Divine Demon Battlefield was definitely a treasure!
When Hai Ande saw the wind fixing bead in Fu Naisi’s hand, he was also bright and hurriedly said “Sect Master Fu, let me take a look at this treasure bead, in the end, what kind of treasure is it ……”
Hai Ande said, he was about to reach out to take it, but it was directly dodged away by Fu Nai Si, followed by putting away the Wind Fixing Bead!
Seeing this, Hai Ande’s face instantly turned cold!
“Sect Master Fu, what do you mean by this? Don’t forget that I discovered this entire Immortal Mining Cave first and then called out to you all.”
“The treasures found within this Immortal Mining Cave should rightfully be shared by our Jade Pope Sect first.”
Hai Ande coldly asked at Fu Nai Si!
“Sect Master Hai, you are wrong, of course this treasure belongs to whoever finds it, and this Immortal Mining Cave is within the Divine Demon Battlefield, it’s not your family’s, so how is it that what is found has to be given to you?”
Fu Nai Si retorted!
Hearing this, Hai Ande’s face became even more ugly, and the aura on his body was rising up!
Seeing this, Payneth also rose and ascended, getting ready!
The disciples on both sides also took up positions!
“Sect Master Fu, I hope you think clearly, is it worth it to turn your back on me for a bead that you don’t know what it is?”
Hai Ande threatened at Fu Nai Si!
“I feel it’s worth it ……,” Fu Nais coldly smiled!
“Since you say so, then don’t blame me for turning my face ……”
Hayander frowned!
“Flip-flopping is fine, who’s afraid of who ……”
Furness wasn’t afraid at all!
For a time, the atmosphere of the scene entered the freezing point, each one extremely tense, all waiting for the other to strike!
Seeing this, the Fire Phoenix hidden in the Jade Maiden Sect fiercely slapped out a palm, instantly sending a Jade Pu Sect disciple flying!
This move by Fire Phoenix instantly lit the fuse!
“Kill …………”
“Kill …………”
The Jade Maiden Sect followed the Jade Pope Sect and directly killed each other!
Just a moment ago, they were having a dual cultivation, but now they are fighting for their lives, showing no mercy……