“This …… is the ten thousand year old medicinal herb ……”
Zheng An Guo was trembling, it was the first time he had seen this ten thousand year old herb!
Everyone was staring at the ten thousand year old He Shou Wu with rapt attention, but Chen Ping froze in place!
It was because he had discovered that this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu was actually within that resource land found in the Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm.
After Chen Ping had entered it for the second time, he found that the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu had slowly disappeared!
Yet, he did not expect that it would appear here!
“Could it be that all the medicinal herbs inside there would end up coming out in this secular realm?”
Chen Ping’s heart was filled with amazement, confused as to what this was all about.
“Chen Ping, hurry up and pick this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu ah ……”
Hu Ma Zi urged at Chen Ping.
“Oh!” Chen Ping nodded and then headed towards that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
At this moment Chen Ping’s mood was incomparably excited!
But just as Chen Ping was about to get close to the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, a sudden thunderstorm struck down!
Boom! …………
The thunderstorm struck the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu instantly, and then the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu emitted a terrifying power!
The tremendous force directly lifted the people around it, even Chen Ping was no exception, his body was knocked far away!
Dark clouds began to form in the sky, and a blue bolt of lightning weaved through the dark clouds, seemingly looking for a target!
Chen Ping got up, looked at the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, and leapt up violently!
No matter what, he had to get his hands on this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
But just as Chen Ping was about to touch the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, suddenly another heavenly thunderbolt was triggered, and the tremendous force lifted Chen Ping off his feet again!
“It seems that it is not really an easy task to get this Ten Thousand Year Herb!”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown.
“That’s for sure, before a ten thousand year old herb like this comes out of the world, there are usually spirit beasts guarding around it, now this ten thousand year old He Shou Wu is not guarded by spirit beasts, it looks like the lightning in the sky is guarding it.”
Hu Ma Zi said as he looked up at the thunder and lightning in mid-air.
“We have to think of something quickly, or else those people are afraid that they will come back!”
Zheng An Guo reminded.
With such a vision of this gang, those people who had just run away would definitely turn back.
By then, Chen Ping was afraid that it would not be that easy to get the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu when he wanted to.
“Unbreakable Golden Body ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry as his body glowed with golden light, a golden scale covering his entire body!
Chen Ping was planning to resist that lightning attack and get his hands on that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
Chen Ping activated his imperishable golden body and, coupled with his strong physical body, he headed towards the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
Just as Chen Ping was approaching the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Crow, a heavenly thunderbolt was induced and struck Chen Ping’s body fiercely!
Rumble …………
This bolt of lightning struck Chen Ping and instantly shattered the Incorruptible Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping’s legs bent under that tremendous force!
But soon, Chen Ping gritted his teeth, stood up straight and grabbed towards the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
But just as Chen Ping was about to grasp the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Cao, another bolt of heavenly lightning suddenly struck down!
Rumble …………
The thunder struck Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping’s body fell to the ground with a poof, and his clothes instantly became torn and tattered!
Gritting his teeth, Chen Ping struggled to support his body and tried to grab towards the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
But then came another bolt of heavenly lightning!
Boom!
This time, Chen Ping’s whole body plunged into the mud and did not move for a long time!
This time, both Hu Ma Zi and Zheng An Guo panicked!
“Chen Ping, pull back quickly ……”
The first thing that happened to him was that he knew that he would be blown to smithereens by the lightning.