Then he looked at that Huo Yuan Ting, holding the Divine Flame Seal, his face full of smugness1
“I have the Divine Flame Seal in my hand, and you guys still dare to be reckless, how ignorant ……”
Huo Yuanting sneered!
Although Elder Yu followed by Zhu Ling was furious in his heart, he didn’t have the slightest solution!
“Sect Master moved the order, you guys still don’t kneel down, do you want to be expelled from the Purple Flame Sect?”
At this moment, an elder under Huo Yuan Ting roared at Zhu Ling and the others!
The helpless Elder Yu and Zhu Ling, after looking at each other, followed suit and knelt down!
After the two kneeled, the other disciples also knelt!
Now that Huo Yuan Ting had obtained the Divine Flame Seal and even recognised it as his master, that proved that Huo Yuan Ting was not the acting sect master at this moment, but the true sect master!
If Elder Yu and Zhu Ling didn’t kneel down, Huo Yuan Ting could follow the rules of the Purple Flame Sect and expel them all from the Purple Flame Sect!
Seeing Elder Yu and Zhu Ling bowing their heads and kneeling, Huo Yuan Ting burst out laughing with excitement!
“Hahahaha, return to the Purple Flame Sect and prepare for the official posting ceremony ……”
Huo Yuan Ting laughed loudly, holding the Divine Flame Seal as he slowly walked past the kneeling crowd!
Elder Yu and the others followed and returned to the Purple Flame Sect!
It was only the crowd of the old Sect Master’s lineage that were all preoccupied, now that Huo Yuan Ting had obtained the Divine Flame Seal and had become the true Sect Master, then they wouldn’t have a good time in the future!
However, after returning to the Purple Flame Sect, Huo Yuan Ting didn’t look for trouble from Elder Yu and the others, he didn’t know if he was busy with the matter of the tenure ceremony and didn’t have time to pay attention to it!
“Ai, this is going to be the end of us, I don’t know how Junior Brother is doing.”
Qian Xiu was worrying about Chen Ping, it had been several days and there had been no news of Chen Ping!
“I think Junior Brother is in a bad way, your Ghost Face Sect is too powerful, so many people against Junior Brother alone, Junior Brother can’t run away.”
Wei Qing had long thought that Chen Ping was dead!
After all, even if Chen Ping was powerful, he couldn’t possibly escape against so many people from the Ghostface Sect!
“Senior brother, how can you curse junior brother, I’m sure junior brother is fine.”
Once Qian Xiu heard Wei Qing’s words, he was a bit unhappy!
Many of the other disciples, too, were discussing Chen Ping, wondering if Chen Ping was still alive!
And inside the room, Elder Yu gathered a few other elders below the old sect master and followed Zhu Ling in discussing strategies!
Now that that Huo Yuanting had obtained the Divine Flame Seal and was in a position of power, they, the old Sect Master’s lineage, would definitely be subject to retaliation and suppression!
“Ai, now that Huo Yuan Ting is in power and has obtained the Divine Flame Seal, I’m afraid we won’t have a good time in the future.”
An elder said with a sigh!
“If this Huo Yuan Ting dares to retaliate against us, then we’ll fish to death.”
Elder Yu gritted his teeth and said indignantly!
He would rather die than submit to you, Huo Yuanting!
Elder Yu was only greedy for money, but in the face of right and wrong, Elder Yu could definitely be relied upon!
“Everyone, don’t be too impulsive, right now that Huo Yuan Ting isn’t making any moves against us, we’d better wait and see what happens!”
Zhu Ling said to everyone!
Now that Huo Yuan Ting had obtained the Divine Flame Order, his strength had risen considerably, and those of them were simply no match for Huo Yuan Ting’s lineage!
“I see that Huo Yuanting is busy with the Inauguration Ceremony, so I guess he’ll make a move against us at the Inauguration Ceremony!”
Elder Yu said!
He never had the luxury of hoping that Huo Yuan Ting would let them go and pretend that nothing had happened!
“Or perhaps that Huo Yuan Ting has deliberately held back for the sake of the overall situation of the Purple Flame Sect, after all, there are quite a few of us.”
An elder said!
“Hmph, he’ll take the greater good into account? This guy even dared to co-operate with the Ghost Face Sect, what’s the big picture to talk about!”
Elder Yu snorted coldly, he simply didn’t believe that Huo Yuanting would consider the greater good for the sake of the Violet Flame Sect!