“This technique is called the Breath Mimicry Technique, it’s a technique that allows you to change your appearance and breath.”
Chen Ping said after Bai Shao!
Upon hearing this, Bai Shallow hurriedly shocked, “I’ve heard of this gong method, and there’s also a rumour that a demonic cultivator who knew this gong method directly transformed into a sect master and took control of a sect.”
“Only later on, drunkenness mistakenly, was recognised and directly cut to death ……”
“Is this gong method so powerful?”Fire Phoenix listened and asked with great interest!
“Of course, if this Breath Mimicry Technique is cultivated proficiently and transforms into another person, even the relatives won’t be able to detect it.”
Bai Shao said!
“Ah, so bullish?”The fire phoenix was very shocked, then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Then the master will have a blessing in the future, he is probably going to die of beauty ……”
“What do you mean?”Chen Ping froze, not understanding what Fire Phoenix meant.
“When you have practiced this Breath Mimicry Technique, you will be able to change your appearance at will, and none of your loved ones will be able to detect it.”
“Wouldn’t you be able to change your appearance at will and then talk to the other person’s wife …………”
Fire Phoenix smiled and did not continue, but Chen Ping and Bai Shao all heard it!
“What are you talking nonsense about?”
Chen Ping glared at Fire Phoenix!
Bai Shao, on the other hand, laughed out loud and said, “He can’t even feed the women around him, and he still wants other people’s wives ……”
“Let’s go, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping can’t stand these two women a little bit, too open ……
Chen Ping leapt up and directly jumped out of the crack!
Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix followed behind, the two girls were still chattering and discussing the Great Law of Mimicking Breath!
Chen Ping’s trio travelled all the way to the west, and at this moment, Chen Ping’s heart was much more settled!
The Dao Pattern Fatal Qi in his body was very full, even if he encountered that Qi Peijia, he could still use the Divine King Bow to fend it off!
Moreover, there was still Bai Shao by his side, so there was absolutely no need to be afraid!
Chen Ping flew for some distance and found that the mountain range in front of them was as continuous as the sea, with rolling hills, following the rest of the place was a bit different!
And in the highest part of the mountain range, there is a mountain peak, the mountain is steep, like a knife cut axe chiseled general, from afar, like a sword into the clouds!
The peak is surrounded by clouds and mist, a wisp of immortal qi if not around the peak, but not floating away!
As Chen Ping felt the faint wisps of Immortal Qi, he could not help but frown lightly!
“What a strange mountain range ah ……”
Fire Phoenix said as she looked at the mountain peaks not far away!
“Look at this continuous mountain range, it all surrounds that peak, and that peak is surrounded by Immortal Qi.”
“How do I look at the mountains around the peak like they are man-made, it can’t be that during the time of the God-Devil War, someone laid down a spell formation right?”
Bai Shallow muttered!
Chen Ping heard Bai Shallow so say, is also put eyes to look around, he also found this continuous mountain range some odd, but did not think to the aspect of the array, after all, such a huge array, should be how big a masterpiece ah!
However, on second thought, that time the gods and devils war, are immortals descended to the celestial realm, if it is an immortal laid down the formation, even in Hongda is also possible!
“Let’s go, let’s go down and take a look ……”
Chen Ping said, his body floating down!
Bai Shao followed the fire phoenix and followed down as well, they were aimlessly searching for treasures anyway, maybe there was one in this mountain range!
After Chen Ping and the others landed, they realised that the mountain range that was just in front of their eyes was nowhere to be seen at the moment!
Their silhouettes were hidden within the mountain range and were too small, just like ants!
“If this mountain range was really laid down by man, then the person who laid down the formation is also too awesome ……”
Chen Ping said with emotion after he landed!
“What’s so awesome about it, when you ascend to immortality, moving mountains and filling rivers is just a wave of the hand, as long as the strength is achieved, everything will become simple.”
Bai Shao said to Chen Ping!
“Ascending into Immortality, I don’t know what year or month ……”
Chen Ping let out a bitter smile and then began to walk towards the front!