The hilt of the knife was carved with complicated and mysterious patterns, which contrasted with his white fingers, making the young man appear both handsome and extraordinary, as well as hardened.
As soon as the young man entered the hall, it was as if even the air was frozen, and all the noise around him seemed to be far away from him, and only he, with that dark black long knife, became the most dazzling existence of the entire hall.
Looking closely, this young man’s eyebrows actually followed the tenth highness has a lot of similarities, only that this young man compared to the tenth highness, more a few points of heroic spirit!
The Tenth Hall Master merely raised his head and looked at the young man in front of him, his brows slightly furrowed and his eyes held a few shades of disgust!
“Who let you out?”
The Tenth Hall Master questioned in an ice-cold tone!
“Father, I ……”
“Shut up, who is your father? Above this great hall, address me as the Hall Master.”
Without waiting for the young man to finish, the Ten Hall Master immediately shouted out!
A flash of aggression flashed in the young man’s eyes, but he obediently said, “Hall Master, I heard that Provider Luo was killed and his younger brother was injured, so I request that the Hall Master be able to grant me permission to come out of the hall to avenge Provider Luo and my younger brother!”
“Hmph!”
Who knew that the 10th Palace Lord snorted coldly, “Do you want to return to the Celestial Realm with your beloved woman? Leave this palace that depresses you forever?”
“I don’t!”The young man shook his head!
“Don’t try to deceive me, don’t forget that you are my son, how could I not know what is in your heart.”
“But as my eldest son, you followed an ordinary female cultivator to fall in love, and even engaged in dual cultivation, tainting the bloodline of our Divine Race, it’s even better that I don’t kill you, but you still want to leave the Ten Temples and go to the Celestial Realm? ”
The Ten Palace Lord said with a cold face and an expression of murder!
“Hall Master, I really want to avenge Provider Luo and my brother.”
The young man lowered his head, but his mouth still refused to admit that he was thinking of leaving the Ten Halls!
The eyes of the Ten Halls Lord were still looking straight at the young man in front of him, as if he wanted to see through him!
A moment later, the Ten Halls Lord then spoke, “Luo Ta is only one step away from breaking through the Mahayana Realm and becoming a Fulfilled Immortal Cultivator, how does your realm compare to his?”
“I’m at a comparable realm to Provider Luo, I’m also one step away from breaking through to become a Fulfilled Immortal, only that I’ve never found the opportunity to do so.”
“I want to go for a walk outside this time, and I also want to use this opportunity to see if I can find a breakthrough opportunity!”
The young man explained!
“Luo Ta was even killed, if you go to take revenge at this realm, won’t you surely die?”
The Tenth Hall Master’s tone at the moment was still cold, but it already carried a few hints of concern!
“Confessor Luo’s reckless and arrogant nature, coupled with a light enemy, will definitely give the enemy an opportunity to take advantage of, I will never give the enemy such an opportunity.”
The young man said!
Listening to the young man’s words, a trace of relief surprisingly appeared on the Ten Hall Master’s face, but it was only a flash!
“Alright, go ahead and bring the guards and women around you.”
“Regardless of whether you succeed or not, don’t come back, I don’t want to see you, and I won’t recognise having you as a son!”
The Tenth Hall Master waved his hand, a few points of helplessness and sadness on his icy face!
The young man’s body shook slightly, his eyes filled with incredulity as he raised his head, but when he placed his gaze on the 10th Palace Lord’s face, he found that the 10th Palace Lord’s face had already turned to the side!
“My son’s son excuses himself ……”
The young man’s eyes turned a little red as he bowed deeply and slowly exited the great hall!
…………
Beast City, Yan Mansion!
As Yan Shuangying listened to his men’s report, his entire body jumped up from his chair in shock!
How could he not believe that Qiu Wanha was dead?
Although they had always counted on each other, there were still some concerns when it came to actually laying the smackdown!
After all, they could all be promoted by the City Lord, and although the City Lord hadn’t been seen for years now, it didn’t mean that the City Lord was dead!