“Big brother, if you don’t believe me, you can go ask Father to see if I’m faking the decree.”
Lin Kefan said!
Lin Ke Dong glanced at Lin Kefan, then this made way, “Forgive you, you wouldn’t dare, go in ……”
“Fourth brother, is Father Emperor very angry?”
Lin Keting asked in a low voice to Lin Kefan after entering the city gates!
“Of course, father emperor is very angry, I’ve been talking to father emperor for half a day, father emperor only agreed to let you enter the city, Wuji Taoist chief is also there, looks like you can’t run away from this punishment today, but don’t worry, fourth brother will always cover you.”
Lin Kefan patted Lin Keting’s head and said!
“Fourth brother, it’s still you who treats me the best ……”
Lin Keting leaned her head on Lin Kefan’s shoulder and pouted!
“You girl, you’re so old, you’re still like a child, if you’re like this, when you have a dual cultivation partner, people will get jealous.”
Lin Ke Fan said with a smile!
“He won’t be ……” Lin Keting blurted out without thinking!
In her opinion, Chen Ping would definitely not be jealous because he was pampering himself after his brother.
Lin Kefan froze, then looked at Lin Keting dumbfounded, “Little sister, you …… have a dual cultivation partner?”
“I …… I don’t ah?”
Lin Keting sensed that she had said something wrong and hurriedly denied it!
“Don’t lie to me, since you were a child when have you ever been able to lie to me, this time you left Sun Moon City and travelled to the Celestial Realm, did you meet someone you like?”
Lin Kefan asked after Lin Keting!
“No, don’t talk nonsense, I didn’t!”
Lin Keting ran away with a red face!
Looking at Lin Keting’s appearance, Lin Kefan could conclude that she just had a favourite.
“You two come over here ……”
Lin Kefan waved his hand towards the left and right elders.
In fact, the left blind elder and the right blind elder didn’t have to obey Lin Kefan’s words at all on the line, after all, the two of them were elected by Daoist Wuji to protect Lin Ke Ting in close proximity!
Speaking of which, the two of them weren’t considered to be people of the Imperial City, so these imperial princes of the Imperial City didn’t have the right to order them!
However, this Lin Ke Fan and Lin Ke Ting were very close, and the two were still one milk, so Elder Left Blind and Elder Right Blind obediently walked over!
“You two say, does little sister have a favourite outside? What kind of person? What identity ah?”
Lin Ke Fan asked with great curiosity!
“Fourth Prince, how would we as subordinates know about the youngest sister’s affairs ah, you’ll have to ask her yourself.”
Right Blind Elder said!
“Right Blind Elder, isn’t that Chen Ping the Eldest Miss’s man? They all seem to have admitted it.”
The Left Blind Elder didn’t understand how the Right Blind Elder could say that he didn’t know when he clearly did.
Seeing this, the Right Blind Elder could only give that Left Blind Elder a speechless glare and refrain from speaking!
“Left Blind Elder, tell me, who is that Chen Ping? What is his identity?”
Lin Kefan came to be interested and asked at Elder Left Blind!
“Fourth Prince, I don’t know what that Chen Ping’s identity is either, but that guy only has the strength of the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, he doesn’t look very powerful.”
“He followed Missy into the Divine Demon Battlefield once, and after he came out, he was out of sorts, and behind that, Missy said it herself, that Chen Ping is her man now.”
“But it seems like the two people are not married yet, they should be privately married ……”
Elder Left Blind said truthfully!
“Seventh grade of the Transition Realm?”Lin Kefan frowned slightly, “No, I have to go and ask my little sister, you can look for a man, but you can’t look for a rubbish man ah, a man of the seventh rank of the Transitional Apparition realm, too rubbish ……”
After Lin Kefan finished speaking, he quickly went after that Lin Keting!
Right Blind Elder then looked at Left Blind Elder and said, “Left Blind, you’re waiting to be scolded, this mouth of yours, should really be sewn up for you.”
“What’s wrong with me? I’m also telling the truth!”
Elder Left Blind still didn’t know that he was in trouble!