“Then it looks like I need to collect more of these firestones, or else the Fire Qilin will be hungry and I won’t have anything to feed it!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and began to collect those flints at a rapid pace!
The Fire Qilin was also digging as it ate, unknowingly it had already left the bottom of the barren island, and at this moment Chen Ping had surprisingly arrived at the bottom of the Dead Sea!
Chen Ping found that a vacuum channel was formed around the flints, and there was a heat wave that made the seawater have no way to follow the contact of the flints!
However, along with Chen Ping and the Fire Qilin putting away the Fire Stone, the seawater continued to fall!
But the seawater was actually boiling, although the surface of the Dead Sea was calm, without the slightest wave, but the seabed was actually boiling!
This was also the reason why there wasn’t the slightest creature within the Dead Sea, if a cultivator fell into the Dead Sea, he was afraid that it would be difficult to withstand this heat wave!
After all, not everyone was able to master the Fire Origin and not be afraid of the Earth’s Core Fire!
The Fire Qilin ate all the way, and Chen Ping collected all the way!
I don’t know how long it took, but the Fire Qilin was full, and Chen Ping had already collected a lot of flints, but as one looked around, the entire bottom of the Dead Sea was filled with such scattered flints, so if Chen Ping wanted to collect all of them, it was estimated that he would have to stay here for a year and a half!
Chen Ping didn’t have the time to stay here and never go out, so after putting the Fire Qilin into the storage ring, Chen Ping started to rush out of the seabed!
Only when Chen Ping went upwards, the surroundings were all rocky soil, and there was no seawater, so it looked like they had arrived at the bottom of a small island again!
Without the Fire Qilin to make a hole for Chen Ping, Chen Ping could only take out the Dragon Sword, constantly rotating in front of his body, the sharp Dragon Sword was like a drill, constantly rushing upwards!
At this time, it was already dark outside, and there was not a single movement or sound in the silent Dead Sea!
On top of this small island, there was a stone house in the centre, the stone house was flickering with light, it was obvious that there were people living on this island!
In the stone house, a woman with fair skin and long hair was soaking in a pool of spring water!
The spring water was still bubbling with heat, it was obviously a hot spring that should have been influenced by the earth’s core fire!
The stone house barricaded this hot spring directly inside, and the woman didn’t have the slightest scruple, she was directly naked!
The moonlight sprinkled on the woman’s body, and her white skin was reflecting the light.
However, when the woman turned her head slightly, the moonlight shone on the woman’s face, only to find that half of the woman’s face had severe burns, full of scars!
Such a delicate figure and skin was matched with a somewhat terrifying face, a drastic contrast that made people very uncomfortable!
The woman closed her eyes slightly, feeling the temperature of the spring!
There was only this one island and only this one woman in a hundred miles, without the slightest living thing!
This kind of quiet place could indeed make people very relaxed!
Rumble ……
Suddenly, the stone house trembled violently!
The woman’s brows furrowed and her eyes snapped open, she didn’t understand what was happening.
But before she could react, a sudden huge force came from the ground!
The woman’s body instantly leapt up, while her hand smoothly grabbed her clothes and a mask!
Before the woman could even put on her clothes, she saw the stone house under her feet instantly explode, directly splitting apart!
A figure unexpectedly rushed out from the ground!
The woman put on her mask in a panic and held a sword, without any hesitation, she stabbed straight towards the figure!
As for Chen Ping, after rushing out of the ground, he exhaled a mouthful of turbid air and took a hard, deep breath!
But before he could see his surroundings clearly, Chen Ping only felt a cold aura coming towards him!
“Holy sh*t, what’s the situation?”
Chen Ping was a little confused, he had just rushed out from the underground, how could someone attack him?