The black scarf was removed and only a pockmarked face was revealed.
This man was none other than Hu Pocky, who had given Zhu Zhishan two tracking charms from Kyoto.
Chen Ping looked at this man carefully, but found that he did not recognise him at all, so he frowned and said, “I don’t know you at all, why did you save me?”
“No reason, just to work with you!”
Hu Ma Zi said with a faint smile.
“Cooperation? Cooperate with what?”
Chen Ping looked at Pocky Hu warily, after all, the other party was also an immortal cultivator, and now the two of them had the same needs in terms of resources now.
Now that the entire Earth was short of spirit energy, immortal cultivators needed a large amount of spirit energy in order to cultivate.
Thinking of spiritual qi, Chen Ping’s eyes snapped open and he stared at Hu Pazzi with a deadly stare, “You …… did you run to that cave?”
Hu Puzi froze, but quickly laughed, “I didn’t expect you to be so smart, no wonder that Zhu Zhi Shan was fooled by you ……”
“Tell me quickly, who are you really? Otherwise, don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
Chen Ping redirected his Dragon Chopper Sword at Hu Ma Zi.
Although Chen Ping aimed the Dragon Chopping Sword at Hu Pocky, Hu Pocky was not afraid at all: “You don’t need to be nervous, with my current strength, you can kill me with a casual strike, are you still afraid of me?”
“You can call me Hu Pocky, I have just entered the Golden Dan realm, while you have already become a YuanYing, can I still do anything to you?”
“That Zhu Zhishan doesn’t even know the truth that a cultivator’s firstborn body will not be destroyed unless the immortal body is destroyed!”
Chen Ping saw that Pocky Hu’s words were sincere and he was not talking nonsense, although Pocky Hu’s techniques were very clever, his strength was only at the Jindan realm.
That is, he had just stepped into the Martial Sect, so it would be impossible for Hu Ma Zi to injure Chen Ping, especially if Chen Ping was still on guard.
But if a sudden attack was made and Pocky Hu activated the formation, it would be impossible to say.
At that time, that Zhou Tianyin had consumed a lot of internal energy because he had followed Chen Ping in the battle, and coupled with a momentary lapse of concentration, he simply did not notice Hu Ma Zi’s presence, so he gave Hu Ma Zi the opportunity to cast the Three Robberies Formation.
Even so, Hu Ma Zi’s Three Robberies Formation still failed to trap Zhou Tianyin and was broken by Zhou Tianyin, which also showed that Hu Ma Zi’s strength was not very strong.
Chen Ping put away his wariness, put away the Dragon Cutting Sword as well, and asked Hu Ma Zi about the immortal cultivation world.
After Hu Ma Zi followed Chen Ping’s explanation, Chen Ping then realised that immortal cultivators were not as powerful as Chen Ping had imagined.
Because of the scarcity of spiritual energy, the resources that could allow immortal cultivators to improve their strength were becoming less and less, and many immortal cultivators were not strong.
When facing some strong martial artists, they were just beaten up, so many immortal cultivators went into hiding!
Some even cross the ocean in search of a place where the spiritual energy is strong.
Not everyone in the Immortal Cultivation World was as lucky as Chen Ping, having broken through to the Realm of the Firstborn in a short time!
Moreover, the Heart Condensation Skill that he cultivated could refine everything and use it in place of spiritual energy, which was why Chen Ping’s strength grew so quickly!
“I’ve been trapped in this realm for over ten years now, and I’ve been using my identity as a fortune teller as a cover to search everywhere for places with dense spiritual energy!”
“I found the cave here three years ago, only I didn’t do anything about it then, if I hadn’t been forced to this time, it might have been a few years before I would have come here.”
Hu Ma Zi spoke to Chen Ping.
“Then what exactly is inside this cave? Why does the stream water that flows out have such pure spiritual energy?”
Chen Ping asked curiously to Hu Pazzi.
“It’s an ancient tomb!”
Hu Ma Zi said.
“An ancient tomb?” Chen Ping’s eyes widened at once, his face full of incredulity, “Inside an ancient tomb, even if there are jewels and jades, it is impossible for such pure spiritual energy to flow out?”