When this circle of ripples passed through Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping’s body suddenly involuntarily trembled!
Immediately after that, a dragon’s roar emanated from somewhere unknown, and Chen Ping could only feel the blood in his body begin to boil!
“What …… is going on here?”
Chen Ping was filled with astonishment!
“Mr Chen, I have just sensed the Origin of Blood, I haven’t mastered it too well yet, but I can detect your dragon bloodline.”
As Luo Xi was speaking, that Bai Shallow also walked over!
Luo Xi saw Bai Shallow come over, his finger once again gently pointed at the void, that ripples once again, when it passed through Bai Shallow’s body, Bai Shallow’s body was stunned, and instantly a fox demon’s figure appeared on top of his head!
Only this fox demon’s figure wasn’t very clear, only a vague outline could be seen!
“Hehe, how come the bloodline in her body still has a few similarities following Mr Chen?”
Luo Xi said with a face full of shock!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was a little flustered and digressed “Miss Luo, this Blood Origin of yours, can you only view other people’s bloodlines?”
“I don’t know, I only know this kind of use for the time being ……” Luo Xi said with some embarrassment.
She had just sensed the Origin of Blood and hadn’t fully grasped it yet, so she didn’t really understand it either!
While Bai Shallow spoke “This Origin of Blood, of course, is not only able to view other people’s bloodline, it can also improve other people’s bloodline, if this Origin of Blood is practiced to the extreme, then it can raise the bloodline to the highest level.”
“Everyone has a bloodline, regardless of any ethnic group, of course the same bloodline also has a strong and weak points, even if you are a dragon bloodline, it is not possible that every dragon bloodline, have you so strong.”
“And those who have the Origin of Blood, can take those whose bloodline is weaker, and use the Origin of Blood to forcibly elevate them, without having to resort to bloodline fusion.”
“If I knew that this little witch was able to perceive the Origin of Blood, why would I have let you take advantage and fuse with you!”
When Chen Ping heard this, he was filled with embarrassment, but he did not retort!
> Obviously, he was the victim, and now that Bai Shallow was even talking about her like she was the victim!
As Luo Xi listened to Bai Shallow’s words, her entire body was a little stunned, and then she looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
She understood why Bai Shallow’s bloodline was similar to Chen Ping’s. So the two of them had already done that!
It turned out that the two people had already done that!
The bloodline fusion had allowed Bai Shallow’s bloodline to have part of Chen Ping’s bloodline, causing Bai Shallow’s bloodline to be strengthened!
Feeling Luo Xi’s eyes, Chen Ping hurriedly explained awkwardly “Miss Luo, don’t misunderstand, some things are not like what you think ……”
“Mr Chen, you don’t need to explain, everyone has his own choice, and your choice is not wrong ah!” Luo Xi said with a faint smile!
“Alright, let’s go ……”
Bai Shallow urged!
But just as Bai Shallow’s words fell, he felt someone approaching towards here quickly, and there were quite a few of them!
“Someone is coming, you two go first, I’ll go take a look ……”
Bai Shallow let Chen Ping follow Luo Xi to go first, she went to block for a while!
After all, Luo Xi followed Chen Ping, in Bai Shao’s eyes, they were just small cultivators of the first or second rank of the Transition, they were not resistant to fighting at all!
If someone really came, leaving the two of them behind would not only not be able to help, but they would also have to divide their energy to protect the two of them.
Saying that, Bai Shao leapt up and directly rushed forward!
And at this moment, just a few miles away from Chen Ping and the others, five or six people were running towards this direction in a hurry!
These few people were all carrying injuries on their bodies and were all tired!
If Chen Ping saw these people, he would definitely be shocked!
This was because these few people were none other than Elder Miao as well as Cai Hongwei!
“Boss Cai, if we run like this, surely no one will be able to escape, you guys go, I’ll stay behind and stall them myself.”
“You guys must find Mr Chen and save my granddaughter!”
Elder Miao said to Cai Hongwei!