This strange me had no entity, it was obviously a spirit monster, but how could this spirit monster be hiding in a formation?
“What are you? How could you hide in a formation?”
Chen Ping asked to the spirit monster!
“Little cultivator, how dare you question me, since you have intruded into the formation, leave your life behind.”
The spirit monster spat out human words, surprisingly, it was not afraid of Chen Ping in the slightest!
Chen Ping let out a cold snort and chopped away with a backhanded sword!
Facing the Spirit Monster, Chen Ping did not have any nonsense, he knew that only if he killed this Spirit Monster, the formation would be broken!
Seeing this, the spirit monster opened its mouth wide and a flame came straight at Chen Ping!
With a wave of his palm, Chen Ping extinguished the flame!
As for Chen Ping’s sword, it had already chopped towards the spirit monster!
But the spirit monster did not dodge and should have resisted Chen Ping’s sword, he was originally a spirit body, so the sword did not cause much damage to him!
Seeing this, Chen Ping gently waved the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and it instantly burned with a blazing flame!
“Since you are a spirit body, physical damage is useless to you, so let’s try this to fire!”
The fire raven on Chen Ping’s Dragon Beheading Sword transformed into a fire dragon and headed straight towards the spirit monster!
Seeing this, the Fire Spirit Monster slammed its palm, and directly from the surrounding chaos, several crimson flames rushed out, following Chen Ping’s fire dragon to collide together!
Boom!
A violent fluctuation of breath, the surrounding chaos suddenly became distorted, unexpectedly absorbing all of that fluctuation of breath!
Chen Ping was stunned, he did not expect this formation to be able to absorb breath, it was too peculiar!
The spirit monster was not surprised, his hands waved once again, and five crimson flames came straight towards Chen Ping!
The air shook and the void emitted a wail!
The five crimson flames were incredibly powerful, but Chen Ping smiled faintly and did not move a muscle!
“You are too rampant ……”
The Spirit Monster saw that Chen Ping was not even dodging or flashing, so he coldly snorted!
Chen Ping still revealed a faint smile, until those crimson flames struck Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping did not move in the slightest!
Only the Fire Origin Stars in the Origin Space began to flicker continuously, forming a huge suction force within Chen Ping’s body.
The five crimson flames that struck Chen Ping’s body were quickly absorbed and refined into Origin Power by the Fire Origin Star.
Instead of causing damage to Chen Ping, they were instead quickly absorbed by Chen Ping!
Seeing this scene, the spirit monster was very puzzled, but quickly spoke, “I didn’t expect you, this little cultivator, to have realised the fire origin, but I would like to see how much of the supreme fire you can absorb!”
After the spirit monster finished speaking, his hands opened their teeth and claws, as if he was making a practice.
Immediately after that, the surrounding chaos began to tumble up like a gale wave, and then a large amount of flames gushed out from the chaos!
The flames instantly surrounded Chen Ping, and the flames in the sky were like waves breaking the dike!
The entire chaos was filled with flames, and the spirit monster was also in the midst of the flames, letting out bursts of ear-piercing laughter!
“Let me see how much you can absorb ……”
The spirit monster mockingly laughed!
The fierce flames emitted heat that could fuse everything!
The Spirit Monster’s entire body followed suit with burning flames, suspended in mid-air!
“This endless flame, even if you have perceived the fire origin, you will never be able to absorb it all ……”
The corner of the spirit monster’s mouth hooked up in a cold smile.
Under this kind of flame, everything would perish, let alone Chen Ping, a tiny cultivator!
The flames were getting smaller and smaller, and Chen Ping’s figure disappeared!
Within the chaotic space of the formation, only the Spirit Monster was full of smug laughter!
However, soon, a voice caused the Spirit Monster’s smile to freeze on his face!
“Aren’t you laughing a little early?”
Chen Ping said slowly from behind that spirit monster!
The Spirit Monster turned around, and his entire being was suddenly taken aback, as it turned out that Chen Ping was standing behind him in one piece, where there was a trace of being burnt by the fire!