Ji Cheng lowered his head and was ashamed to say “Dad, I know ……”
Looking at his son, Ji Lianjun patted his shoulder and said “At that time, if your second uncle is really joining hands with outsiders, you will take your two sisters and leave, and don’t get involved in this mess.”
“And your third uncle’s son, entertain him for a few days and let him leave, also don’t let him get involved, it’s best not to let your second uncle know his identity.”
“En, I understand!” Ji Cheng nodded!
And at this moment, the two sisters, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling, walked into the Illusion Formation, preparing to bring out Ji Yun and the others!
“Sister, maybe we really got it wrong this time, big brother even saw the token, maybe it’s really third uncle’s son, our sixth brother.”
“In that case, what are the two of us doing called ah, no wonder father is angry.”
Ji Meiling whispered!
Ji Meiyan is also a little nervous on her face at the moment “Big brother didn’t say that he looked at the token, if we got it wrong, an apology will do, anyway, inside the illusionary formation and can’t be hurt.”
“Let’s hurry up and take people out on the line ……”
The two hurriedly searched for signs of Ji Yun and the others in the illusion formation, but the two turned around for half a day and didn’t even see a single figure!
It was found that no matter how they turned, they were always returning to their original position!
At this, both of them were a little panicked!
“Sister, how come we’re also caught in an illusion formation and can’t come out?”
Ji Meiling looked around in panic!
“I …… don’t know ah, I obviously followed the recipe, according to the saying will not be lost in the illusion array, how come I can’t get out?”
Ji Meiyan was also a little flustered!
Just as the two of them were panicking, Chen Ping and the few of them had already walked out of the illusion formation!
There was no way to trap Chen Ping with this level of illusion formation, now that Chen Ping even had the Origin of Illusion, it was simply a fool’s errand to try to trap Chen Ping with an illusion formation!
Chen Ping’s trio walked towards the hall, at this moment, Ji Cheng and Ji Lian Jun were waiting inside the hall!
Seeing Ji Yun and the others arrive, Ji Cheng hurriedly greeted them “Sixth brother, I’m really sorry, your big sister and second sister were too stubborn and brought you into the illusion formation, I will teach them a good lesson in a moment.”
Ji Cheng hurriedly followed Ji Yun and apologised, after all, Ji Yun had just come to the Ji family and this kind of thing happened, it would inevitably make Ji Yun uncomfortable in his heart!
“Big Brother is serious, Big Sister, Second Sister is also probably looking out for the safety of the Ji Family.”
Ji Yun said with a faint smile!
“Sixth brother, this is my father, also your eldest uncle ……”
Ji Cheng hurriedly pulled Ji Yun to Ji Lian Jun!
When Ji Yun saw this, he plopped down to the ground and then kowtowed three times to Ji Lian Jun!
“Nephew Ji Yun, greetings to Great Uncle ……”
Ji Yun said with great excitement!
Ji Lian Jun looked at Ji Yun, his body trembled slightly, and his eyes were instantly moist!
“Good boy, get up, get up quickly.”
Ji Lianjun helped Ji Yun up, then sized up Ji Yun and said “With your father’s look is practically identical, even without a token, I can recognise you at a glance ……”
“Uncle, these are my two friends, Chen Ping and Fire Phoenix……”
Ji Yun hurriedly introduced Chen Ping and Fire Phoenix to Ji Lian Jun!
Ji Lianjun nodded slightly towards Chen Ping and the others, then said, “Please sit down, all of you ……”
After sitting down, Ji Lianjun turned to Ji Cheng and said “Cheng’er, you go and call your two younger sisters, don’t think that hiding and not coming in is the end of the matter, today, this matter, must let them be punished a little.”
“En!” Ji Cheng nodded, then turned to Ji Yun and said “Sixth brother, where did your big sister and second sister run off to after bringing you out?”
Ji Yun froze, then shook his head and said “Big Sister and Second Sister didn’t bring us ah, we walked out on our own.”
“What?” Ji Cheng was shocked!