Only to see this huge sized stern ghost, with a big mouth, the stern ghosts that the hunchbacked old man had conjured up were actually all sucked into his body!
In an instant, thousands of ghosts disappeared without a trace!
The hunchbacked old man grew his mouth, unable to believe what was in front of him!
“How is this …… possible, how are you able to manifest a stern ghost?”
“No, this isn’t Yin Fiend Qi you have, it’s Dao Tattoo Fiend Qi, it’s the Dao Tattoo Fiend Qi of the Yin Demon Old Ancestor.”
“How do you have a Dao Tattoo Fatal Qi, this is a hundred times stronger than Yin Fatal Qi, who the hell are you?”
The hunchbacked old man trembled slightly as he loudly questioned Chen Ping!
“If I say that I am a close friend of your Yin Demon Old Ancestor, would you believe me?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“You fart ……” How could the hunchbacked old man believe it!
What kind of person was a Yin Demon? How could there be a friend of a small cultivator of the Transition Realm like Chen Ping!
Not to mention the fact that Yin Demon’s life and death were unknown after the God-Demon War thousands of years ago, and he had probably died in battle long ago, so where would he have a friend!
“Hey, I’m telling the truth, but unfortunately you don’t believe me, so I have no choice!”
Chen Ping shook his head and suddenly opened his mouth!
A monstrous suction force instantly sucked the stern ghost into his body, even all the black mist around him, not a single trace of it was sucked into his body!
In an instant, the sky was clear for a hundred miles around, and not the slightest bit of black mist could be seen anymore!
Seeing Chen Ping inhale so much black mist with an open mouth, the hunchbacked old man was too shocked to speak!
If Chen Ping was not a demonic cultivator, he would not dare to inhale this black mist.
But if Chen Ping was a demonic cultivator, he could not detect the aura of a demonic cultivator in Chen Ping at all!
What the hell was going on here?
The hunchbacked old man was in a daze at the moment, a third grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, who wasn’t even a devil cultivator yet, could conjure up a stern ghost and possessed a dao lineage of baleful aura!
This was beyond the scope of his cognition!
“Damn, it’s evil, it’s better to leave ……”
The hunchbacked old man’s heart was in retreat, he did not dare to fight after Chen Ping!
Just as the hunchbacked old man turned to run, Chen Ping laughed!
“You want to run, did you ask me?”
Chen Ping executed his Royal Fire Steps, and just in the sway of his body, he caught up with the hunchbacked old man!
The hunchbacked old man was shocked and made every effort to speed up again!
But Chen Ping was like a ghost, always following him!
“You’re a bit slow here, hurry up ……”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
The hunchbacked old man saw Chen Ping with flames burning above his feet, and simply didn’t know what kind of art Chen Ping was using, but he was able to follow him like a shadow, and he simply couldn’t shake it off!
“Don’t chase ……”
The hunchbacked old man slapped his palm out towards Chen Ping!
However, this time, the hunchbacked old man did not use Yin Fiend Qi, he knew that Yin Fiend Qi was useless against Chen Ping!
It was just a simple burst of spiritual energy that slapped towards Chen Ping!
However, Chen Ping did not dodge, the Undying Golden Body on his body flickered with light, allowing the hunchbacked old man to hit him with a slap!
Boom!
Chen Ping’s figure did not even waver!
This hunchbacked old man was originally a demonic cultivator, the Yin Fiendish Qi was where his power lay, and now that he didn’t dare to use the Yin Fiendish Qi, simply bursting out with his spiritual energy, wanting to injure Chen Ping was simply a joke!
When the hunchbacked old man saw this, he was helpless, running desperately, but he could not run away from Chen Ping!
In the end, he could only stop panting!
Just now, how he teased the disciples of the five great sects, now Chen Ping was teasing him!
The boomerang had finally hit itself!
“What exactly do you want?”
The hunchbacked old man asked at Chen Ping!
“Of course I’m going to have a good time with you, I still have good things I haven’t shown you yet!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and took out his Demon Drawing Whip!
Immediately after that, the Demon Drawing Whip snapped in the air, not hitting the hunchbacked old man, but just like that, the hunchbacked old man was scared and felt his head buzzing!