“Brother Leng, don’t waste words with him, let’s join hands to kill him and then divide this Tong Ling fruit ……”
Tong Youzhao said to Leng Yun.
Since he was no match for him, he would join forces with Leng Yun, the two of them could always beat Chen Ping!
But before Leng Yun could say anything, the body of an old man from the Flying Star Sect suddenly rushed out!
“How dare you insult my son, you want to die ……”
The old man slapped out his palm and a pattern appeared, followed by a huge net of fire, heading towards Chen Ping!
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth were slightly raised, the other party even wanted to use magic to deal with himself, it was ridiculous!
A huge golden dragon began to hover behind Chen Ping as the power of the divine dragon exploded.
Flames erupted from the mouth of the golden dragon, and the huge net of fire was instantly smashed!
Faced with the sudden appearance of the golden dragon, the old man was frozen, his face full of disbelief!
With a dragon roar, the golden dragon roared and swallowed the old man in one gulp, followed by a pile of white bones!
A good Martial God level expert had become a pile of bones in the blink of an eye!
At this moment, everyone was frozen!
“Who the hell are you ……?”
Leng Yun’s eyes widened and he looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
If Chen Ping was only a martial artist from outside the realm, how could he have such strength?
If Chen Ping was only a martial artist from outside the realm, how could he have such power?
Leng Yun had seen people fight across levels before, but they were geniuses of geniuses, and he had never seen such a thing as crossing a realm and killing a Martial God in an instant!
Could it be that all martial artists from outside the realm were already so powerful?
Leng Yun was in deep confusion!
The golden dragon slowly disappeared, and the golden light on Chen Ping’s body slowly dimmed.
“You don’t need to know who I am, now you get lost and I can spare you from death ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Hahahaha, you are too confident ……” Leng Yun laughed: “We may not be your match alone, but with so many of us working together, it’s enough to kill you… …”
“Is that so? Then you can try!”
Chen Ping’s expression was cold as the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly appeared in his hand, followed by a swipe of his sword, and a disciple of the Heavenly Thunder Sect was instantly cut in half!
“D*mn it, you sneak attacked ……”
Tong Youcai was furious, he didn’t think Chen Ping would dare to take the initiative to strike!
“Tong Youcai, let’s go, kill this kid ……”
Leng Yun shouted loudly and attacked towards Chen Ping together with Tong Youcai!
The disciples of the Flying Star Sect and the Heavenly Thunder Sect also surrounded him!
The first of these is the one that is the most important part of the game.
After all, Chen Ping’s side was in a disadvantageous position, so if he had made a move, he might have been killed himself!
But he did not help Leng Yun and Tong Youcai either, he just watched quietly from the sidelines!
Chen Ping was alone, facing an attack from several people, and he didn’t even panic!
“Die ……”
Tong Youcai shouted and slapped his palm out at Chen Ping, the wind of his palm whistling, creating a dragon scroll!
At the same time, Leng Yun also leapt up, and the compa*s in his hand emitted a piercing light, shining directly at Chen Ping!
They were planning to kill Chen Ping without further delay!
Chen Ping wielded the Dragon Chopping Sword, a golden dragon swirled behind his back, and a golden aura shot up into the sky!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique, Chop ……”
In an instant, there was only one Chen Ping, but now there were six identical Chen Ping’s!
Each Chen Ping was holding a dragon chopping sword, and six sword rays shot out!
“What’s going on?”
Both Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were stunned and looked at Chen Ping in disbelief!