“Take her away for me, as long as this woman is in hand, I believe that Chen Ping will throw himself into the net!”
Jiang Wenjie instructed his men to take Gu Yuyao to the car, and then the two cars just swaggered away from before Su Yuqi and the girls’ eyes!
“Yu Yao, Yu Yao …………”
“Sister, Sister …………”
Looking at the distant cars, He Zhigang and Gu Yufei all shouted desperately!
Su Yuqi’s entire body stood frozen on the spot, as if she was dumb.
I don’t know how long it took, but Su Yuqi’s mobile phone rang, and it was Chen Ping calling!
At that time in the mountains, Chen Ping’s mobile phone had no signal at all.
On the way to Yuncheng, Chen Ping’s phone received several messages showing that Su Yuqi had called him several times, and he was afraid that Su Yuqi would be worried, so Chen Ping called back!
“Sister Yuqi, you …… your phone is ringing!”
Gu Yufei carefully pushed Su Yuqi!
Su Yuqi then reacted, picked up the phone and saw that it was Chen Ping calling, her eyes were red and tears immediately flowed out of her eyes!
“Chen Ping, where are you? Where are you? Sister Yu Yao has been taken away, Lin Tianhu has been injured and has lost a lot of blood ……”
As soon as the call was answered, Su Yuqi cried out and followed Chen Ping.
Boom …………
When Chen Ping, who was driving, heard this, his entire body froze, then a monstrous killing intent erupted from his body, and his face grew colder and colder.
“Wait for me, I’ll be right there ……”
Chen Ping only said one sentence and hung up the phone, he knew it was futile to ask more at this time, everything had to wait for him to return.
Chen Ping drove his car to the limit and flew towards Yuncheng!
At this moment Su Yuqi and He Zhigang and the others, looking at Lin Tianhu, who was covered in blood and dying on the ground, looked a bit overwhelmed!
“Let’s …… us call and send him to the hospital, or he’ll die!”
Gu Yufei looked at Lin Tianhu’s tragic appearance and said in a frightened whisper.
“I’ll call the emergency number here ……”
He Zhigang nodded and prepared to call 120 .
“No need ……” Lin Tianhu weakly raised his hand and stopped He Zhigang, before straining to say, “Mr. Chen come back soon, just let him heal me!”
Although Lin Tianhu was badly injured, his mind was still clear!
He knew that if he was taken to the hospital, he would definitely be cut open and then have his bones and blood drawn, this would hurt his vitality, martial arts practitioners are most wary of moving knives on their bodies, if Chen Ping came back, he would definitely have a way to save him, and he wouldn’t have to cut open his belly!
“He? Brother Chen still knows the art of healing?” Gu Yufei said with astonishment on her face!
“He does, my dad was in critical condition at that time, it was Chen Ping who saved my dad, and that’s when we met.”
Su Yuqi followed Gu Yufei and explained.
“This …… is too perfect, right?”
Gu Yufei felt incredulous, she didn’t think there was such a perfect man in the world.
Multi-money, able to fight, also know the medical art, the problem is that he is also handsome, also devoted to love, such a good man, I’m afraid you can’t find it even if you hit the lantern, but was met by Su Yuqi, at this time Gu Yufei to Su Yuqi even more envy!
Since Lin Tianhu wasn’t going to the hospital, He Zhigang got a few people to help him and carried him to the hotel, waiting for Chen Ping to return!
About half an hour or so later, a sharp braking sounded in front of the hotel, followed by Chen Ping dashing into the hotel!
“Brother Chen Ping, you’ve finally come back ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had returned, He Zhigang hurriedly greeted him!
“Where’s Yu Qi?” Chen Ping asked with an anxious look on his face.
“Yu Qi is fine, she and Yu Fei are inside the room, take a quick look at Lin Tianhu, I guess he’ll be gagging a little later.”
He Zhigang pulled Chen Ping and hurriedly walked towards Lin Tianhu’s room!