“How is this …… possible?”
One-eyed Dragon’s face was ugly to the extreme, knowing that he was at the late Martial Marquis realm, even if he was a newly promoted Grand Marquis, it would not be easy to cut off his arm within one move, I’m afraid!
Yet Chen Ping had lost an arm instantly with such an easy strike, a shock that left the one-eyed dragon unable to react for a long time.
Those from the Pill God Valley were also stunned as they watched Chen Ping’s casual strike with such tremendous power, followed by endless excitement and joy!
“There is nothing impossible, since you dare to come to the Pill God Valley to cause trouble, then you must be prepared for certain death ……”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly as he said indifferently to the one-eyed dragon.
The corners of the one-eyed dragon’s eyes twitched, not speaking as he searched for how to escape!
“All listen to the order, take down Chen Ping and return to Young Master Long for a heavy reward ……”
The one-eyed dragon ordered to those who followed.
“Kill …………”
Those who followed, although they knew that Chen Ping was highly powerful, there was nothing they could do but fight for their lives!
If they didn’t fight for their lives, then an even more bloody and cruel punishment awaited them!
A dozen of them cast various spells and blasted towards Chen Ping!
The one-eyed dragon, on the other hand, turned around and ran, raising his speed to the limit!
“A bunch of mole crickets ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, followed by a flash of golden light on his body, and with a flick of his palm, he only saw an immense golden palm in mid-air, fiercely pressing down towards those people!
Rumble …………
The tremendous power directly caused the heaven and earth to shake and the rocks to fly!
Those who had rushed up had no time to react, and were all heavily slapped to the ground, each of them plunged into the ground a dozen metres or so!
More than a dozen people, including many Martial Masters, were slapped into the ground by Chen Ping with a single slap!
Not a single person was left alive!
Sensing the terrifying force behind him, One-Eyed Dragon couldn’t help but look back!
But it was this look that made One-Eyed Dragon see an image he would never forget!
He saw the men he had brought with him, all of them turned into mush in a flash, dead beyond belief!
This scene Avray shocked the One-Eyed Dragon.
It was only after a while that the one-eyed dragon came to his senses and hurriedly turned around and continued to run, he was running for his life, how could he stop?
But just as he turned around, he found that more than when, Chen Ping had already appeared in front of him.
“Do you think you can still run away?”
Chen Ping looked at the one-eyed dragon with a cold smile!
“Chen Ping, I should tell you, Young Master Long has already stepped into the Great Martial Marquis, and is still a Great Martial Marquis who has suffered a lightning tribulation, Young Master Long will not let you go, he will split you in five ……”
The one-eyed dragon gritted his teeth with a grimace!
“Then I’ll wait slowly, but what kind of me, you won’t have the chance to see ……”
Chen Ping smiled, then raised his hand and slapped down.
The one-eyed dragon didn’t even have the chance to let out a miserable scream, and was directly slapped to death, just like slapping a fly to death!
The Four Villains, Zhao Liguo, and the people from the Pill God Valley all looked at Chen Ping in a daze, each with mixed feelings in their hearts!
They were all followers of Chen Ping, but now that Chen Ping’s strength was getting higher and higher, the difficulties he encountered were getting bigger and bigger, and the help they could give was much less!
Moreover, many times, they needed Chen Ping’s protection, which made them, as subordinates, feel a deep sense of self-reproach!
Chen Ping glanced at the crowd and also seemed to see something in their expressions!
“You guys don’t need to have any psychological pressure, the path of cultivation is about gradual progress, nowadays many people are willing to step into the ranks of evil cultivators in order to speed up their cultivation progress, there are even people who are willing to become puppets and be possessed by spirits, these are not desirable after all.”
Chen Ping said to the crowd.
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, the crowd was silent, but they all approved of Chen Ping’s view!