Daoist Wuji looked at the fleeing crowd and didn’t make any moves to catch up!
These guys from the Demon Sealing Alliance certainly deserved to die, but Daoist Wuji did not want to kill them yet!
What’s more, Daoist Wuji did not have any friendship with the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and this time, he had only acted for his own senior brother, Daoist Wufei!
The crowd of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, even more so, did not chase after them!
They knew that even if they chased after them, they were not opponents!
The Xiao Imperial Dynasty had suffered too many losses in this battle, and many of them had been injured, and they simply did not have the ability to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance in a battle anymore!
Now that the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance had run away, all of the people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty breathed a sigh of relief!
However, they knew that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty would definitely not let up!
But as long as this Wuji Daoist was in the Xiao Dynasty, then their Xiao Dynasty could rest easy!
The people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty looked towards Chen Ping!
They all thought that Daoist Wuji was the power behind Chen Ping, after all, Chen Ping was the man of that Daoist Wuji’s disciple!
They hoped that Chen Ping would open his mouth and leave Daoist Wuji behind!
Chen Ping felt the gazes of the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and of course, he knew what they meant!
Chen Ping looked towards Daoist Wuji and opened his mouth to say something, but it never came out!
Daoist Wuji did not pay any attention to the crowd, but instead looked towards Daoist Wufei, who only had a wisp of his divine soul left, and said, “Senior brother, follow me, I will help you remake your physical body!”
After saying that, Daoist Wuji waved his sleeve robe, and Daoist Wuwei’s divine soul directly disappeared into thin air!
And Daoist Wuji also slowly disappeared under the gaze of the crowd!
At this moment, the crowd of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty all looked towards Chen Ping in confusion!
“Mr Chen, I wonder why you didn’t retain that Daoist Wuji?”
Xiao Feng asked to Chen Ping!
“I …… “Chen Ping opened his mouth and let out a light sigh, “Even if I were to retain it, Daoist Wuji would not stay!”
Seeing Chen Ping with that look, Xiao Yuan Shan seemed to understand something and then said, “The people from the Demon Sealing Alliance shouldn’t come back for a short period of time, so it’s better for all of us to heal our wounds as soon as possible!”
“There are also these hundred thousand or so generals, restoring their flesh is also a long process ……”
“Emperor Xiao, I have friends that specialise in Soul Shaping and Body Cultivation techniques, I can inform them to come and help.”Chen Ping thought of the Soul Demon Sect and said!
“That’s great, trouble Mr Chen!”
Xiao Yuanshan said happily!
Chen Ping was a little ashamed, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had become this way entirely because of him, and it was only right for him to do these things!
Chen Ping contacted Ochre Yan with a sound transmission jade slip, nowadays Ochre Yan was already the aunt of the Soul Demon Sect and had the right to speak!
Ochre Yan received Chen Ping’s notification and also immediately took action, bringing Jiang Yulian and the Soul Demon Sect’s many disciples to the Xiao Dynasty!
With the help of these people from the Soul Demon Sect, the hundred thousand or so generals of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty would be able to remould their flesh much faster!
The Imperial City was destroyed, so Xiao Yuanshan could only bring the crowd to land in other cities!
It wasn’t like the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had only the Imperial City, there were dozens of cities big and small!
Although the Xiao Dynasty did receive a lot of losses this time around, it was fortunate that the main characters were all still alive!
The Xiao Dynasty’s heritage was still there, and it wasn’t difficult to recover!
Chen Ping was in Xiao Dynasty, cultivating pills day and night, and healing those injured Xiao Dynasty cultivators!
These past few days had been extremely consuming for Chen Ping, but Chen Ping had done it all voluntarily!
“Mr Chen, I have ordered people to bring in resources and medicinal herbs from all over the Xiao Imperial Dynasty for your use.”
Xiao Yuanshan could also see Chen Ping’s hardships in the past few days, so he had ordered people to bring in resources from everywhere at all costs!
“Emperor Xiao, you might as well keep those resources, many people in the Xiao Dynasty need resources to recover now.”
“I intend to leave the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to take care of some of my own affairs!”
Chen Ping said to Xiao Yuanshan!
“Mr Chen is leaving?”Xiao Yuanshan froze, his expression a little grave!
If Chen Ping was here, if the Demon Sealing Alliance’s people came to retaliate, the forces behind Chen Ping would step in to help!
If Chen Ping left, who cared about the death or life of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty at that time?