A dark cave!
There was only a little bit of candlelight the size of a green bean bouncing around, illuminating a very small piece of space!
And underneath this bright light, two old men were sitting cross-legged, with a square chessboard placed between them!
One of these two old men was that Divine Ripple Ancestor, while the old man opposite him was clad in a black robe, hiding himself in the darkness!
“Formation Demon, why don’t you make a move, it’s been over a hundred years since this game was played, I’m really fed up with you.”
“Locking yourself up in this dark place all day long, and wearing a tattered black robe, what kind of big tailed wolf are you pretending to be.”
The Divine Ripple Ancestor looked at the old man across from him and said with great dissatisfaction!
“Hahaha, senior brother, are you worried about the disciple you just tricked ah, so you’re in a hurry to go back and take a look ah?”
Formation Devil laughed out loud!
“Stop, how many times have I said, you are not allowed to be calling me senior brother, we are no longer senior brothers long ago, master removed you from the list.”
“You let go of the right path but choose the devil’s path, you and I are on different paths.”
“You hurry up and drop your seeds, I don’t have time to stay with you in this dark and cold place.”
The Divine Ripple Old Ancestor said impatiently!
“Hahaha, your mouth says that you don’t accompany me, but after so many years, haven’t you still come as promised every time?”
“Even though Master removed me, I’ve always recognised you as my senior brother, back then, if it wasn’t for you pleading for leniency, I would have been killed by Master.”
“This favour, I have always remembered it!”
Formation Devil laughed!
“Since you think I’m kind to you, then you’ll hit my disciple less often in the future, although this Celestial Realm is blessed with great people, there are too few array geniuses, it’s not easy for me to find a disciple.”
“There is also the question of whether or not you can admit defeat, admit that your formation art is inferior to me? How can I say that I’m also your senior brother, it’s not shameful for a senior brother to lose to his senior brother, right?”
The Divine Ripple Ancestor asked!
“That won’t do, one size does not fit all, you’ve said that there are too few formation geniuses in the Celestial Realm, so of course I need to find an inheritor for my lifelong cultivation.”
“I’m not suitable to run around like this now, but you don’t have a problem ah, the disciple you find, if you can’t resist my temptation and follow me, then it’s also considered heaven’s will.”
“As for the art of formation, I can be much stronger than you, you less pretend in front of me, after so many years, your strength has declined to what kind of, you have no idea in your own heart?”
“But if you obediently admit that the art of formation is not as good as me, I can consider it and not pry your disciple.”
Formation Devil said with a cold smile on his face!
“Bullsh*t, even if my strength is in decline, the art of Formation is not something you, the devil, can compare to.”
“If you’re not convinced, let’s have a match, let’s see if I don’t beat you to tears.”
The Divine Ripple Old Ancestor got angry, got up and pointed at the Formation Fiend and said!
“Compare just compare, I’m still afraid of you ah ……”
Formation Devil also got up violently!
Then the two directly flew out of the cave and began to compare!
For a time, all sorts of divine patterns flew about in the middle of the too difficult to see, just like the end of the world!
In the cave, the lone chessboard was still set up there!
This board could be played for over a hundred years, and that was the reason why!
Before a single piece could fall, two people were comparing!
The sky is dark, the sun and the moon are not shining ……
I don’t know how long it took, but both of them got tired and then panted heavily!
But glaring at each other, there was no match at all!
“It’s over, this meal consumption, I don’t know when I will be able to replenish it back, the Celestial Realm’s Immortal Qi is scarce, this wants to recover, I’m afraid that it’s going to be in the Monkey Years and the Months.”
Formation Demon panted and said!
“It’s all your fault, the fall was abrasive, otherwise could we have fought?”
The Godly Tattoo Ancestor also regretted it!
When can this be replenished back ah, this would not matter if it was in the Heavenly Realm, where there was Immortal Qi everywhere!