“Chen Ping, bullying people too much ……”
Fei Qingping’s eyes glared, followed by a bite of the tip of his tongue!
A mouthful of blood from the tip of his tongue spurted out, turning into a bright red blood mist ……
The blood mist drifted away and the entire sky began to change colour.
Rumble …………
It seemed like heavenly thunder rolled in, and immediately afterwards the earth began to shake!
“It’s bad, the palace master wants to activate the mountain protection formation, everyone should leave quickly ……”
Xiao Da roared at all the Sacred Beast Palace disciples.
The Sacred Beast Palace’s disciples all fled in fear, and the Sacred Beast Palace, which was like a resort, was now in a mess with houses tumbling down!
“Chen Ping, today you have forced me into this, I will make you pay the price ……”
Fei Qingping roared in anger.
Chen Ping’s face became grave, he did not expect this Sacred Beast Palace to have such a high level formation.
It seemed that the old ancestor of this Sacred Beast Palace was definitely a high ranking person in the past.
Blood mist filled the air, and immediately afterwards, among these blood mist . A single blood hand appeared as if it was hell.
These blood hands grabbed Chen Ping directly, and no matter how hard Chen Ping tried, he could not break free.
“Elder Xiao, open the formation …………”
At this time, Fei Qingping said to Elder Xiao.
“Palace Master think twice, if the Mountain Protecting Formation is activated, the Sacred Beast Palace will be destroyed, and the disciples of the Sacred Beast Palace will also die and be injured in countless ways ……”
Xiao Da persuaded at Fei Qingping.
“As long as I live, the Sacred Beast Palace will not be destroyed, as for those disciples, it is an honor for them to sacrifice their lives for the Sacred Beast Palace, quickly open the formation ……”
Fei Qingping looked at Xiao Da angrily.
With a hesitant look on his face, Xiao Da slowly stepped forward and walked up to Fei Qingping’s side.
Now, as long as Elder Xiao opened the formation, Chen Ping would be instantly pulled into the void formation by those blood hands and would not be able to get out for eternity.
Back then, the Old Ancestor of the Sacred Beast Palace had prevented the Mountain Protecting Formation from being opened indiscriminately, so in order to truly activate the Mountain Protecting Formation, it would take two people.
So after Fei Qingping started the Mountain Protecting Formation, he had to ask Xiao Da to open it before it was officially activated.
But at this moment, Xiao Da, looking at Chen Ping who was controlled by the blood hand, hesitated to make his move.
“Xiao Da, do you dare to disobey orders?”
Fei Qingping’s face was furious, at this moment he was already weak, if Xiao Da didn’t make a move, he would not be able to hold on any longer.
Xiao Da gritted his teeth and a cold glint flashed in his eyes!
A cold dagger suddenly appeared in his hand, and immediately afterwards, he stabbed into Fei Qingping’s chest.
Blood instantly gushed out, and Fei Qingping’s eyes widened as he looked at Xiao Da incredulously.
The breath on Fei Qingping’s body wilted, and the roiling blood mist and bloody hands instantly disappeared!
Chen Ping was free from his restraints and looked at the scene before him with some incredulity.
He also did not expect that Xiao Da had actually sneaked up on Fei Qingping from behind.
“Why, why …………”
Fei Qingping looked at Xiao Da angrily, at this moment, although his life was not in danger, his breath was dissipated and only a light slap was needed to kill him.
Xiao Da looked at Fei Qingping with an angry face and said, “You are brutal and unkind, the entire Sacred Beast Palace is almost becoming your personal property, you will kill at the slightest displeasure, and you do not regard the lives of all the disciples of the Sacred Beast Palace.”
“I’ve had enough of you, I’ve had enough of you for a long time ……”
Xiao Da hissed, followed by pulling out his dagger and stabbing towards Fei Qingping again.
Seeing this, Chen Ping took a healthy step forward and directly grabbed the dagger in Xiao Da’s hand!
Xiao Da looked at Chen Ping with a surprised expression, “Mr. Chen, what are you doing? Why are you stopping me?”
Xiao Da did not understand why Chen Ping was stopping himself from killing Fei Qingping.
Just now, Fei Qingping had killed Chen Ping without any mercy at all.
Even Fei Qingping wondered why Chen Ping wanted to save himself.
“Elder Xiao, don’t kill him yet, can you leave him to me?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Xiao Da.