“What do we do next? With just the two of us, that Watanabe Ichiro is no match at all ……”
Andrew intended to follow Chen Ping and join forces to kill Watanabe Ichiro together, the two of them joining forces could be said to be effortless.
“Your men are poisoned, that Watanabe Ichiro must have the antidote on him, I’ll tell you how to do it ……”
Chen Ping taught Andrew the method.
When Andrew heard this, his eyes lit up and he immediately agreed to Chen Ping’s method.
“Andrew, kill him for me, what’s the point of being so abrasive?”
Ichiro Watanabe roared in anger when he saw that Andrew followed Chen Ping in a close quarters tussle and did not manage to defeat him.
“Andrew, since you have lost your mind, don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
Just as Watanabe Ichiro finished roaring, Chen Ping immediately shouted, followed by a golden light flashing above his fist as he ruthlessly punched Andrew.
It looks like Chen Ping is really anxious, even if Andrew is a bear countryman, Chen Ping will kill him as he sees fit.
Boom …………
There was a dull sound and Andrew’s body was directly punched by Chen Ping at the feet of Ichiro Watanabe.
Looking at Andrew who was sent flying so far away by a punch, Watanabe Ichiro’s eyes were full of disdain saying, “What a f*cking waste, get up for me quickly.
”
Ichiro Watanabe pulled Andrew up, cursing under his breath.
But the moment Andrew got up, he suddenly made a move towards Watanabe Ichiro, one hand went straight into Watanabe Ichiro’s arms and pulled out a packet of white powder from inside.
Ichiro Watanabe was shocked, and when he reacted, he was about to strike at Andrew, but he was kicked by Andrew, and his body instantly stomped backwards three steps.
Had he not been held up by the three men in black, Ichiro Watanabe would have sat on his butt on the ground.
“Chen, see if this is the antidote?”
Andrew took the packet of white powder and walked up to Chen Ping and asked.
Chen Ping picked up a bit and sniffed it, nodded and said, “Quickly give your men this white powder to suck in ……”
“Good!” Andrew hurriedly took the antidote and started throwing it towards his men.
Watanabe Ichiro looked at the scene in front of him and his whole body was going crazy.
“What’s going on here? That Andrew had clearly been poisoned by the other side of the flower a long time ago? Why did he suddenly come to his senses? Why are all of you not poisoned?”
Watanabe Ichiro frowned in confusion.
Chen Ping looked at Watanabe Ichiro with a cold smile and said indifferently, “I have long since seen your plot, although there is very little flower poison in this air, but I can still tell, so as soon as we got to the island, I had my men hold their breath, and the poison that Andrew was poisoned with, I have already relieved him …… ”
“Impossible, this poison of the other side of the flower, only I have the antidote, how can you possibly cure it, I don’t believe it, I don’t believe it ……” Ichiro Watanabe hissed, “Release the poison for me, poison them… …”
As Watanabe Ichiro roared, the three men in black began to chant incantations quickly, while a large amount of fan-red smoke began to waft from several other flowers.
Seeing this, Chen Ping moved his hands in a spell, and two balls of light blue flame jumped on his palms before he threw them violently towards the several other shore flowers.
Boom …………
The two pale blue flames, after touching those pink smoke, burst into flames directly, a huge fireball, turning the other shore flowers into ashes instantly.
The flower was the most precious thing to the Watanabe family, and he had made it in secret, so if the family knew about it, he would definitely be punished.
Now that the flower was destroyed, Watanabe Ichiro didn’t know how to explain to the family.
“I’ll fight with you ……”
Watanabe Ichiro roared in anger and reached Chen Ping in the blink of an eye.