Seeing such a determined look in Zhao Liguo’s eyes, Ding did not faintly stare, he seemed to see himself just now in Zhao Liguo’s eyes.
Just now, he himself, too, had such a determined look in his eyes, holding a determination to die.
Could it be that this Shadowless Villa was also a hall of the Heavenly Dragon Temple?
Ding didn’t doubt it inwardly, after all, there were thirteen hall cohorts in the Heavenly Dragon Hall, and each of them had no connection with each other, let alone knowing each other.
“Master Zhao, may I take the liberty to ask, what exactly is your relationship with Mr. Chen?”
Ding did not ask Zhao Liguo curiously.
Zhao Liguo hesitated and then shook his head, “Master Ding Gu, forgive me for not being able to tell you, but I am willing to go through fire and water for Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing that Zhao Liguo would not tell, Ding Da stopped asking and said, “Since Master Zhao is so sincere, then please come in!”
Ding DaDa invited Zhao Liguo into the valley of the wicked, but just as they were about to enter the valley of the wicked, they saw another group of people coming in a hurry.
When he saw the people coming, Ding did not recognize them this time and hurriedly greeted them.
“Elder Xu, what brings you here?”
Ding was not very surprised, how come Xu Changsheng was also here.
“Master Ding, our valley master is in trouble, how could I, as an elder of Pill God Valley, not come.”
“You guys are putting your lives at risk for the sake of the Valley Master, so our Pill God Valley can’t watch!”
Xu Changsheng said.
“Elder Xu, I didn’t mean that, you are all alchemists and pill masters, you shouldn’t come to take risks!”
“We’ll be counting on you guys to refine and prescribe pills and heal us in the future!”
Ding did not know that Chen Ping was the valley master of the Pill God Valley.
However, most of the Pill God Valley were alchemists and pill masters, and even if they had strength, their realms were not very high.
For these people in the Pill God Valley, it was more appropriate to refine pills and heal diseases than to have them fight and kill.
“I have brought people here this time so that I can heal you all in time.”
“In addition, I also brought some pills that can enhance combat power.”
Xu Changsheng said.
When Ding Da heard this, he was overjoyed.
He invited Zhao Liguo and Xu Changsheng and the others inside.
As for Zhao Liguo and Xu Changsheng, the two had known each other for a long time, and the Pill God Valley had not provided Shadowless Villa with herbs and pills for a lot of time.
With Zhao Liguo and Xu Changsheng bringing people in, Ding didn’t have a lot of confidence in his heart.
…………
Inside the Demon Subduing Tower!
Chen Ping was desperately cultivating, and as for the century-long battle that was about to come outside, he must have been unaware of it as well.
The Heart Condensation Technique flew, and a stream of spiritual energy surged into Chen Ping’s body, which was then transformed into spiritual energy stored within his dantian by the Heart Condensation Technique.
Only now, Chen Ping’s dantian was like a bottomless pit, desperately absorbing spiritual energy, but he could not see the changes within it!
As his realm rose, the amount of spiritual energy Chen Ping needed for cultivation increased geometrically.
If Chen Ping wanted to break through to half-step Martial Marquis, he didn’t even know how much spiritual qi he would need, let alone Martial Marquis.
Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, another three days had pa*sed.
Luo Jinzuo brought many clan families from the north of the desert and arrived at the Valley of the Wicked with great pomp and circumstance.
And many people from the clan families in Kyoto came running to see the fun!
Since the war had already been officially declared and since the officials didn’t care, the other clan families came to see the fun.
“Young master, the Luo family has brought people to the Valley of Evil, should we go and take a look?”
The butler asked to Ning Zhi.
“Of course we should go, this battle of the century, why not watch it, and it’s still my masterpiece ……”
Ning Zhi’s face was overflowing with smugness, and then he asked, “The people I asked you to arrange, have they all been arranged?”
“All have been arranged, all according to your instructions.”
The butler cautiously replied.
“En, that’s good!”
Ning Zhi nodded.
The butler lowered his head slightly, in front of Ning Zhi, the butler was on edge every time.
The longer he followed Ning Zhi, the more the butler realized that this young master of the Ning Family in front of him had an unfathomable mind.
In front of him, he had to be careful with every word he said.