When the many princes and ministers saw this scene, they all looked a bit incredulous!
In the past, the Xiao Dynasty would also set up a Crown Prince, but it was only for the future king to make reserves, where the Crown Prince has such a great power?
Could it be that this Xiao Emperor is not afraid that his son will embrace his own army and directly rebel to take the throne?
At this moment, even Xiao Feng himself is a bit confused, he does not understand why his father suddenly gave himself such a big right?
It would be fine to establish himself as the Crown Prince, after all, he was Xiao Yuanshan’s only son, and in the future, the Xiao Dynasty would ultimately be his own!
But now Xiao Yuan Shan was in such a hurry to give him the power, Xiao Feng did not know why!
Chen Ping was an outsider, so he didn’t feel anything about all this, he was just accepting the Xiao Emperor’s hospitality, and in a few days he would still have to leave to go to the Artifact Refining Sect, and the Sword Spirit Zhong Li hadn’t had the slightest news for such a long time, and Chen Ping couldn’t detect Zhong Li’s presence anymore.
So he was going to take the Dragon Chopper Sword to the Artifact Refining Sect, and then let the Artifact Refining Sect give it a good rest, and it would be best to let the Sword Spirit Zhong Li recover!
However, after Xiao Yuanshan had announced Xiao Feng as the Imperial Crown Prince, in the small border town of Canglong City, which was ten thousand miles away, Xiao Jian was standing in front of the window, looking in the direction of the Imperial City!
Xiao Jian was dressed in a pale yellow robe, although he had stayed in this small remote city for so many years, it was still hard to hide that noble aura on him!
And behind Xiao Jian, there stood an old monk in green cloth monk’s robe, the old monk was holding a Buddha bead in his left hand, his eyes were slightly closed and his mouth was slightly moving as if he was chanting!
Suddenly, the old monk opened his eyes and slowly said, “It’s coming ……”
As soon as the words fell, a sergeant in armour immediately ran in and said, “Your Majesty, Elder Chu of the Demon Sealing Alliance has arrived!”
Xiao Jian nodded and then led the old monk out of the room!
In the middle of the hall, Elder Chu was waiting with two cultivators from the Demon Sealing Alliance, after seeing Xiao Jian, Elder Chu then smiled faintly and said, “Emperor Xiao, I have come specifically to congratulate you this time ……”
“Congratulate me?”Xiao Jian froze, somewhat unsure!
“Emperor Xiao has already decreed that your elder brother, Xiao Feng, has taken over as the Crown Prince, and has handed over the Tiger Talisman as well, so your elder brother can command the entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s army, including Cangwolf City, where you are now.”
“Your father is obviously guarding against you by doing this, since this is the case, then there is no need for you to be holding back, Prince Xiao, you and our Demon Sealing Alliance will cooperate and overthrow your father in one fell swoop, and you can sit on the throne of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
Elder Chu said directly!
“You came running to provoke our father-son relationship, aren’t you afraid that I will arrest you and hand you over to my father’s emperor to be punished?”
Xiao Jian looked at that Elder Chu and asked!
“Hahaha, of course I’m not afraid, because I know you won’t do that, if you finally your father, then why are you secretly cultivating dead guards?”
“If I’m not wrong, I’m afraid that Prince Xiao has hundreds of dead guards under his command, right? There are also a lot of Mahayana Realm experts among them.”
Elder Chu said with a loud laugh!
Xiao Jian frowned and asked with a somewhat ugly face, “How do you know all this?”
“Prince Xiao does not need to ask anymore, I naturally have my channels for getting information.”
“You only need to consider whether or not you want to co-operate with our Demon Sealing Alliance ……”
Elder Chu said indifferently!
“You allow me to think about it!”Xiao Jian’s brows were furrowed and he couldn’t decide for a while!
“Good, I’ll give Emperor Xiao a day to think about it, this is your last chance, I hope you know how precious it is!”
Elder Chu finished speaking and left with his men!
Xiao Jian then turned his head towards the old monk beside him and said, “Master, what do you think I should do?”
The old monk smiled faintly, “Your imperial son, didn’t you already have the answer in your heart, why bother asking the old line again?”
When Xiao Jian heard this, he then smiled faintly and turned around to walk out of the hall!