“It is true that every capitalist’s blood is dirty.”
Chen Ping could not help but feel a pang of contempt inside!
Those who were able to open this kind of underground market, and this kind of auction, were definitely running for money!
Since it was for money, they would do whatever it took!
This was probably human nature!
“I’ll offer six million ……”
Someone else also raised their hand and made a bid!
This caused Shen Ji Zi’s brows to furrow slightly, and his heart twitched inwardly!
But looking at the Buddha statue in front of him, Shen Ji Zi could only raise his hand again, “I’ll offer seven million ……”
Shen Ji Zi was gritting his teeth and bidding this time, if he didn’t like it very much, there was no way he would have continued to bid!
“I bid eight million ……”
The man glanced at Shen Ji Zi and once again shouted the price towards the high ground!
Shen Ji Zi’s eyes widened in anger, and he was about to raise his hand here, but he was pulled hard by Chen Ping!
This time, it directly pulled Shen Ji Zi almost to the ground!
Shen Ji Zi looked at Chen Ping in disbelief, while Chen Ping whispered, “Don’t be shouting, this Buddha statue is fake ……”
“Fake?”
Shen Ji Zi was shocked.
However, these words instantly attracted the gazes of many people, while Shen Ji Zi hurriedly lowered his voice and said, “How do you know it’s fake?”
“Don’t you care, it’s fake anyway, this Buddha statue has small formation patterns within its body, as long as it is filled with spiritual energy, it will switch on the formation patterns and emit a glow similar to Buddha’s light.”
Chen Ping said after Shen Ji Zi!
When Shen Ji Zi heard this, he looked at Chen Ping half-heartedly, but did not use in shouting the price!
The old Yang quietly looked at Shen Ji Zi, seemed to be waiting for him to bid, but after waiting for a while, seeing that Shen Ji Zi was not bidding, the old Yang could only loudly announce: “Since no one bid, then this statue eight million out!”
However, after saying that, Old Yang’s gaze was somewhat sharp as he glanced at Chen Ping!
Obviously the reason why Shen Ji Zi did not continue to raise the price was because of Chen Ping!
Old Yang was not because of the reason why Shen Ji Zi did not raise the price, but he was a bit puzzled as to how Chen Ping knew that his Buddha statue was a fake without exposing his aura and probing with his divine sense.
Was it possible to tell the difference with the naked eye alone?
This old Yang didn’t even know that Chen Ping was using the Heavenly Underworld Eye to see that it was fake at a glance!
Next was another piece of treasure being brought up!
What crippled techniques, pills left behind by Immortals, and also collecting Divine Beast Pills, all sorts of various things!
However, Chen Ping used his Heavenly Underworld Eyes to look through them, most of them were fake and did not have that ancient aura at all!
But there were a lot of cultivators, but they were bidding and scrambling for them!
Chen Ping was also helpless, now that they were confined to their breath, to put it bluntly, they were blind with their eyes open, and there was no way to distinguish between fake things!
It was also beautifully called for safety considerations, it seems that this auction is a scam.
Chen Ping’s heart went cold, had he known this, he would not have come, wasting two million spirit coins for nothing!
Chen Ping got up and intended to leave, being here was a waste of time!
“Gentlemen, this next item, that is a rare treasure that I believe no one has ever seen before.”
Old Yang’s next words caused Chen Ping, who was ready to leave, to stop again!
Chen Ping resumed his seat, wanting to see what exactly it was that no one had ever seen before!
Only to see a staff member, holding a wooden box in both hands, walk up!
The wooden box was covered with a red envelope, and after gently placing it, the staff member retreated!
While Old Yang was gently pulling the corner of the red cloth with one hand, and then said, “Gentlemen, look at it with wide eyes, I dare say none of you have ever seen this kind of treasure!”
“Old Yang, hurry up, don’t sell it short, they’re all quite anxious!”
A cultivator shouted loudly!
“Good!”Old Yang shouted, then opened the red cloth!
Only to see that the wooden box was surrounded by transparency, and inside the box lay the bones of an arm!