Zou Qi, who was outside the main hall, looked at that Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation and instantly became excited!
“Mahayana realm, help master has broken through to the Mahayana realm ……”
Zou Qi’s body trembled!
To know that with a gang master of the Mahayana realm, their Heavenly Underworld Gang would definitely leap up in this Heavenly Human Realm regardless of their power or status!
Several other Heavenly Underworld Gang members were also filled with excitement!
At this time, Chen Ping, however, had already been a little confused, holding the Dragon Slashing Sword, guarding the right and left of the Spirit Beast Egg, and the Nine Shadows Sword Technique chopped out in a smooth manner!
Thousands of sword qi transformed into a golden dragon, directly heading towards the Tian Xuan Thunder Tribulation!
The Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation followed the golden dragon in a collision, and a terrifying aura spread out in all directions!
Zou Qi and the others who were guarding the outside were directly sent flying by this aura, flying several miles before coming to a stop!
The entire mountain peak was trembling slightly, and Sheng Bushi and the others halfway up the mountain were all gloomy!
“It’s going to be bad, this isn’t that guy called Qi Peijia, breaking through to the Mahayana realm, right?”
Fire Phoenix said worriedly!
Because only Qi Peijia has the highest strength, a cultivator of the eighth grade of the Ferrying Realm, if he gets any opportunities or divine pills or something like that, breaking through to the Mahayana Realm in a single leap, it’s not impossible!
After hearing Fire Phoenix say this, everyone’s faces became even more ugly!
If Qi Peijia had really broken through to the Mahayana Realm, then these people of theirs would be lambs to the slaughter, with no place to run to!
In front of the Mahayana Realm, they, the Transition Realm, were ants!
“If that Qi Peijia breaks through to the Mahayana Realm, then wouldn’t Mr Chen be in danger?”
Sheng Jiahui said!
“I’m going to find my master ……,” the fire phoenix began to become uneasy inside and was going to go up to the top of the mountain to find Chen Ping!
“Fire Phoenix, don’t be impulsive, we don’t know what’s going on yet, if you go up there rashly, you might add to the chaos for Chen Ping, let’s wait here first and see what happens.”
Bai Shao pulled Fire Phoenix back!r>
Fire Phoenix clenched her hands, her heart beating non-stop “Master, you must be fine, otherwise I will also go with you ……”
Everyone looked up at the top of the mountain, a strange silence appeared between heaven and earth, and there was no longer any lightning flashes within the thunder tribulation clouds!
There wasn’t even a single sound of wind!
It was as if the entire world had stopped!
Chen Ping glanced at the Spirit Beast Egg that was about to break its shell and cursed in his heart “If you hatch me a little demon, I will definitely burn you to death ……”
Chen Ping was now spending nearly all of his spiritual energy to help the spirit beast egg resist the thunderbolt, and if the spirit beast that hatched out didn’t satisfy Chen Ping, Chen Ping was going to be pissed off!
Rumble …………
Beneath the silence of Tuan in, a thick Tian Xuan Thunder Tribulation rumbled down!
Chen Ping raised his eyebrows and leapt up, surprisingly going straight towards the Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation!
Chen Ping was going to use his perverted physical body to follow the Heavenly Xuan Thunder Tribulation and resist it!
Zou Qi and the others looked at Chen Ping who suddenly rushed up into the air, their eyes wide with shock!
They had never seen a cultivator take the initiative to face the lightning tribulation.
“What a terrifying thunder tribulation ……”
At this moment, Qi Peijia’s voice, unexpectedly rang out from behind Zou Qi and the others!
When Zou Qi heard it, he hurriedly turned back to look, and when he saw Qi Peijia, he instantly froze!
“Gang …… master, you …… how did you end up here?”
Zou Qi asked incredulously!
Qi Peijia frowned and said “Why can’t I be here? Those demonic beasts just now, they turned out to be illusions, and I was almost trapped inside.”
“How did you guys get out?”
Qi Peijia’s words caused Zou Qi and the others to all be filled with confusion.
“Gangmaster, didn’t we break the illusion formation together and come out? And you were still inside that hall for the tribulation, aren’t you resisting the lightning tribulation right now?”
Zou Qi asked in great confusion!