Chen Ping took a step forward, his golden flesh shining brightly, now that Long Xiao’s strength was greatly reduced, it was the perfect opportunity to kill him!
The huge golden fist smashed fiercely at Long Xiao, who fought hard to resist, but to no avail!
Even if Long Xiao tried his best to resist, it would still be futile in front of Chen Ping.
Boom!
Chen Ping’s fist sent Long Xiao’s body flying, and at the same time, Chen Ping’s strength seemed to be instantly drained out of his body, and he fell down with a weakness at his feet.
Seeing this, Long Xiao fell to the ground and leapt straight up, slapping Chen Ping with a fierce palm.
At the same time, a black mist emerged from Chen Ping’s body and instantly burrowed into Long Xiao’s body.
The spirit knew that it had no way to control Chen Ping, so it could only reenter Long Xiao’s body.
After the soul spirit entered his body, the aura on Long Xiao’s body instantly changed drastically!
Zhu Zhishan, who had originally wanted to help, now frowned slightly and watched with interest.
He was not afraid of Chen Ping killing Long Xiao now, even if Long Xiao died, Zhu Zhishan still had absolute certainty to kill Chen Ping, after all, after finding Chen Ping’s weakness, it was as easy as killing Chen Ping.
When he saw Long Xiao’s palm slap over, Chen Ping hurriedly rose to resist and hurriedly swung out with a fist.
Boom!
Chen Ping’s body was directly slapped into the ground, while Long Xiao’s body only swayed and landed firmly on top of the ground.
Chen Ping climbed up from the ground with great difficulty, his face turning gloomy!
Although the spirit had left his body, this fellow had actually laid a formation inside himself when he left, and Chen Ping would not have the energy to deal with this Long Xiao if he had to break the formation inside his body now.
“Kill him, I have placed a forbidden formation inside him, he can only use one fifth of his strength, this is a good opportunity ……”
The old voice rang out in Long Xiao’s head.
When Long Xiao heard this, he was instantly excited, his body leapt up, and then he threw a punch out towards Chen Ping!
Boom!
Chen Ping had just climbed up and saw Long Xiao’s fist attacking him, so he hurriedly blocked with both fists, but his body was unable to use its strength, and was smashed away by Long Xiao’s fist again.
This time, Long Xiao didn’t have the slightest concern, he went straight up to Chen Ping and threw a combination of punches!
One punch, two punches, three punches …………
Chen Ping only had the power to parry, and he couldn’t even parry anymore.
When the crowd saw this scene, they were surprised, it was obvious that Chen Ping was stronger, but why was he only getting beaten up now?
When Zhu Zhishan saw this scene, his eyes faintly stared: “This Long Xiao is a bit interesting, it seems that we have to beware of him ……”
Long Xiao directly grabbed Chen Ping and slammed his fist on Chen Ping’s body.
He was venting the anger in his heart, and with each smashing fist, he made Chen Ping spit out blood!
At this moment, Chen Ping was already beaten to a pulp and bathed in blood!
“Chen Ping, aren’t you so tyrannical? Today I will torture you to death alive ……”
Long Xiao said, only to see the breath in his hand instantly condense into a sharp blade, before viciously stabbing towards Chen Ping’s chest!
“Chen Ping ……”
Dong Jiahao saw that this Long Xiao was going to strike to death, so he roared in anger, followed by leaping up towards that Long Xiao.
“Xu Song, stop him ……”
Zhu Zhishan saw that this Dong Jiahao was going to save Chen Ping, and said with a frown.
Xu Song nodded and immediately leapt up, blocking Dong Jiahao’s path and sending him flying with a slap.
“Anyone who dares to help Chen Ping today will be killed without amnesty ……”
Zhu Zhishan said as he coldly swept the crowd.
No one dared to step in to help Chen Ping, after all, these people didn’t have anything to do with following Chen Ping, and they didn’t want to offend the Martial Alliance and the Dragon Family for it!