After this strike, no matter what the outcome was, it was time for the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to take over!
“Kid, I wouldn’t dare to let me take over after you’re almost dead, when that time comes, your entire body will be completely finished if I explode a little.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch knew what Chen Ping was thinking and said in advance!
But at this time, Chen Ping already had no way back, the two were immediately in front of him!
“Ten Thousand Swords Returning ……”
Chen Ping slashed down with his sword!
He used the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s mastery, Ten Thousand Swords Returning!
Only to see this sword slash down, the void was instantly torn apart by a gaping hole, a powerful force that caused the heavens and earth to tremble!
Even cultivators who were hundreds of miles away from each other were looking at this place with horrified faces at this moment!
Between the heavens and the earth, countless sword awns descended from the sky, heading towards Old Sun and Old Cao in all directions!
Chen Ping’s body, in the midst of these sword awnings, was constantly retreating, while that Old Sun and Old Cao were also being forced back by the sword awnings, and were constantly erupting their shields to ward off the sword awnings!
But even so, a dozen or so wounds of all sizes appeared on their bodies, although none of them were fatal, but to be injured by a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, injuring two fourth grade cultivators of the Mahayana Realm, this was also outrageous enough!
At this point in time, Chen Ping’s body had already weakened to the extreme, that sword just now had used up almost all the power in his body!
Only to see him propping up the ground with his sword, blood was also continuously flowing out of his body!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping’s strong physical body, with that sword just now, it was feared that Chen Ping himself would have been revolted!
To injure two Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivators with one sword, Chen Ping did not even dare to think about it!
He had only managed to do so by relying on the belief of dying together in the end and exploding the last of the strength in his body!
Although he had injured the two, it was not fatal at all!
However, the recoil that Chen Ping himself had suffered had caused him to almost fall into a coma!
With this condition of his body, even if it was controlled by the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, he was afraid that it would be useless!
The slightest force from the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, this physical body would be destroyed!
“This brat is done for, now we only need to blow on him slightly and I guess he will die.”
When Old Cao saw Chen Ping in that condition, he immediately smiled coldly and said!
“Not bad, this brat is already at the end of his strength, but the fact that he was able to block both of our attacks and still hurt us is enough for him to blow his load outside.”
Old Sun finished speaking and slowly walked towards Chen Ping!
In their eyes, Chen Ping had become a lamb to the slaughter!
“Kid, run ……”
Seeing this, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, however, suddenly smiled, “Run? You can’t run away ……”
Chen Ping knew that he would not be able to run away at all today!
Chen Ping dropped the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand, and unexpectedly slowly sat down on his knees!
Along with Chen Ping sitting down, three types of terrifying auras were continuously flowing within Chen Ping’s body!
The power of the three clans slowly entwined around Chen Ping’s body before condensing into a long sword!
At the same time, Chen Ping’s body burned with flames, and the colourful fireworks looked exceptionally good!
The sky became dark, and a star emerged above Chen Ping’s head, some stars were dim, some were bright!
Within those stars, there were all sorts of breaths that were continuously condensing within that long sword!
Chen Ping’s face had become extremely ugly, as hideous as a severe ghost!
The divine soul within his body was melting away at a terrifying speed!
Chen Ping was burning all of his power, even lighting up the Origin Space!
He could die, but he had to make the two people in front of him die along with him!
In the sky, the stars twinkled, while the earth underneath his feet, a white light flashed up, forming a huge bagua figure!
Heaven and earth echoed each other, and a terrifying power spread out between heaven and earth!