Kyoto, the Martial Arts Union!
In just a few days since the Martial Dao Alliance was destroyed, an even more glorious structure had reared its head again!
This time, there were seven Black Silver Robes sitting in the Martial Alliance, each of them was at the late stage of the Great Martial Marquis, and among these seven, two of them were holding Martial Saint Artifacts, this kind of strength, not to mention in the Martial World of Kyoto, even in the entire Great Xia Martial World, was top notch!
These seven Black Silver Robes were considered the best among the entire Black Silver Robes, and it wouldn’t be long before they would be promoted to Black Gold Robes!
This time, they were sitting in the Martial Dao Alliance, which was a kind of test before their promotion!
And on the main seat of the Martial Dao Alliance, the hunchbacked old man suddenly appeared on it!
“Lord Demon Amba*sador ……”
Seeing this, the seven black and silver robes hurriedly shouted respectfully.
“If you seven can capture that Chen Ping, you can be promoted to Black Gold Robe, now that the Martial Saint Artifact in that Chen Ping’s hand has been destroyed, I guess the puppet corpse has also lost control, so it won’t be difficult for you seven to capture him if you join forces!”
“But you guys shouldn’t take it lightly, the main thing is not to destroy his flesh body, that flesh body of his, the great powers still have a use for it!”
The hunchbacked old man said to the seven men.
“As you command ……”
The seven nodded their heads.
Soon, the hunchbacked old man’s figure disappeared directly from his seat, and by the time in appeared, he was already in that secret realm!
The hunchbacked old man walked quickly to a secret room, opened one of the secret room’s mysterious windows, and it was pitch-black inside!
The hunchbacked old man silently recited a few phrases of the mantra and the chamber suddenly lit up.
There was a pool of black liquid inside the chamber, which was very disgusting to look at!
But at that moment, in that pool, Ning Zhi was naked and immersed in it!
“This kid’s flesh is really good, it looks like the time has come ……”
The hunchbacked old man glanced at his body in disgust, then opened the door and walked in!
With a wave of the hunchbacked old man’s palm, a black mist emerged from Ning Zhi’s body, before turning into a humanoid form!
This was the soul spirit inside Ning Zhi, which had been following him and coexisting with him.
“Lord Demon Envoy ……”
The soul spirit saw the hunchbacked old man and hurriedly saluted!
“This kid’s flesh is really strong, he can soak in this Black Demon Pond for such a long time, such a good flesh is simply spoiled by you ……”
The hunchbacked old man said coldly to the soul spirit.
When that soul spirit heard this, it trembled in fear: “Lord Demon Envoy, I also just found a random flesh body, I didn’t pick it at that time ……”
“No matter if you picked it at random or not, now this flesh body I want it ……”
Said the hunchbacked old man as he opened his mouth, only to see the soul struggle twice and instantly be swallowed inside his stomach!
Immediately afterwards a black mist emerged from the hunchbacked old man and then entered Ning Zhi’s body!
And the hunchbacked old man’s flesh instantly lost consciousness and collapsed to the ground, before falling into the black pool of water!
That flesh was instantly decayed, turning into gnarled white bones, and in the end it completely disappeared!
And Ning Zhi’s eyes snapped open at that moment, with an appalling glint in his eyes!
“Haha, this flesh body is really good ……”
The devil amba*sador’s spirit looked at the fit body and couldn’t help but laugh out loud.
“Who are you?”
At this moment, Ning Zhi, too, felt something different as he noticed that the aura of that soul spirit within him had clearly transformed!
Moreover, the powerful Qi within him had also become raging, and his strength was clearly much higher.
“Kid, you should feel lucky to have been shown a body by me, I am the Demon Amba*sador and command all of you black robed people, do you understand?”
The spirit said in a condescending tone.
Ning Zhi faintly froze, and then his entire face displayed an incredulous expression.