And Mr. Shi, who saw this scene, suddenly lit up before his eyes, his face carrying a few moments of shock!
“This Chen Ping, he actually obtained the essence of the Nine Shadows Sword Technique, I wonder what strange encounter this fellow has encountered ……”
Mr. Shi muttered to himself.
“Mr. Shi, this Nine Shadows Sword Technique was learned by Chen Ping from that Watanabe Ichiro, it seems that those island guys really have some skills ……”
Xing Jun thought that Mr. Shi did not know, where Chen Ping had learned his Nine Shadows Sword Technique from, and said.
But who knew that Mr. Shi laughed: “That Watanabe Ichiro’s Nine Shadows Sword Technique is nothing more than a jungle leaf, not even a tenth of the power of the real Nine Shadows Sword Technique.”
“It should be that some heir of the Nine Shadows Sword Technique has just pa*sed it on to the island, while the real essence of the Nine Shadows Sword Technique was created by Ouyang Feng, the number one swordsman of our Grand Xia, so how could it be something from the island!”
Mr. Shi explained after Xing Jun, and only then did Xing Jun understand that the Nine Shadows Sword Technique learned by that Watanabe Ichiro was something that had been pa*sed on from Daxia.
“Alright, let’s go ……”
Mr. Shi slowly walked towards the bottom of the mountain.
“Mr. Shi, aren’t you going to watch Chen Ping? In case …………”
Xing Jun didn’t understand why Mr. Shi was leaving, what if Chen Ping was killed?
“There is no more eventuality, this kid is stronger than I thought!”
Mr. Shi smiled lightly, then asked Xing Jun, “How is it going with the Watanabe family?”
“The Watanabe family has secretly sent a few groups of a*sa*sins, but they were all wiped out at the border, and are much more honest now.”
Xing Jun replied.
It turned out that during this period of time, the Watanabe family had not been looking for trouble with Chen Ping, it was not that the Watanabe family had given up, but that they had been stopped by Mr. Shi’s men.
“En, you should take more precautions to prevent this Watanabe family from jumping to the wall in a dog’s rush and using Dark Gold a*sa*sins.”
Mr Shi reminded Xing Jun.
“I will order it down!”
Xing Jun nodded his head.
Mr. Shi and Xing Jun left, while Du Da looked at Chen Ping in shocked anger, he did not expect Chen Ping to have such out-of-this-world sword skills!
Only to see Du Da pointing in the air, a light instantly pierced through the void, followed by a lightsaber appearing in Du Da’s hand!
“Heavenly God Slash ……”
Duda shouted angrily, and the piquant sword mane instantly swung out from Duda’s hand, the sword mane shimmered with a dazzling light, surprisingly reaching tens of meters long.
Chen Ping was not in a hurry, the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand emitted a humming sound, and a bloodthirsty aura emanated from above the sword body of the Dragon Chopping Sword.
The power of the divine Dragon was continuously injected into the sword by Chen Ping.
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique, First Sword ……”
The Zenglong Sword in Chen Ping’s hand dipped upwards, and a gale of wind gusted out, and a terrifying sword Qi came out across the air!
Boom boom boom …………
A series of explosions rang out, and all of a sudden the sky was dark, the sun and the moon had no light!
Duda’s dozens of metres long coiled sword aura was shattered under Chen Ping’s sword qi, turning into segments and disappearing.
Du Da could only feel his palm being shaken up and the lightsabre in his hand was only a few inches away!
Enraged, the lightsabre in his hand rose again, followed by the sword’s aura swept towards Chen Ping.
This time, Du Da did not hold back, and all of his spiritual power was exploded.
Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, also directly followed Du Da, both of them were fighting with the spiritual energy in their bodies, such a competition was a huge consumption of spiritual energy.
Those who were not far away were dumbfounded at the sight, they did not expect Chen Ping’s strength to have increased a lot more.
In a short moment, the two had already pa*sed no less than a hundred strokes. The huge consumption of spiritual energy made Du Da panting and his face turned ugly, he did not expect that dealing with Chen Ping would make him so wretched.