Ning Zhi visibly frowned slightly, but did not move his voice, instead allowing Chen Ping’s divine sense to poke around his body!
Ning Zhi knew that now all of him had changed, apart from the presence of a wisp of his own divine soul, Chen Ping could not detect anything!
Now all he needed was to hold back, at the moment he was in a dominant position, after all, Chen Ping couldn’t recognise him at all, and he could keep an eye on Chen Ping at all times!
Although it was the best time to kill Chen Ping within this Divine Demon Battlefield, Ning Zhi was somewhat afraid to do so!
First of all, not to mention whether Ning Caixin would block it, just by looking at Chen Ping’s performance when he was in the Xuan Yin Sect, Ning Zhi also wanted to see Chen Ping’s true strength and make it foolproof before making a move!
What’s more, Ning Zhi’s body had not fully recovered now, possessing a corpse that had died hundreds or thousands of years ago, it would take a long time to completely recover!
After Chen Ping finished probing Ning Zhi with his divine sense, there were even more doubts in his heart!
He could be sure that this old man in front of him did have an aura that followed Ning Zhi very similarly, and could even be said to be a person.
After all, when he was in the secular world, Ning Zhi was Chen Ping’s stalking rival, this guy had gone through a lot of hardship to defeat Chen Ping, and Ning Zhi’s talent was also very high!
But if this person was Chen Ping, regardless of age, looks of all sorts, it was impossible, besides, Ning Caixin had also said that this was their Ning family’s old ancestor!
Moreover, in the secular world, everyone saw that Ning Zhi had already died, it was impossible for him to come back to life, and even more impossible for him to appear in the Celestial Realm!
Just as Chen Ping was pondering, suddenly his body shook slightly, followed by his expression becoming grave!
Because he sensed it, that Qi Peijia had actually chased after him!
“Damn, what a shady soul, how did he find this place.”
Chen Ping cursed in a very puzzled manner, then turned to Ning Cai Chen and said “Ning family master, farewell, I still have some things to do ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and quickly left!
Looking at Chen Ping’s intelligent appearance, Ning Caichen felt very strange!
Before Ning Caichen could say anything, he saw a black shadow flashing away, and after that black shadow, there were a dozen or so demonic cultivators following!
These people passed in front of the Ning family’s crowd without even glancing at them!
It was obvious that these people were running towards Chen Ping!
At this moment, Ning Caixin knew that what Chen Ping had said was true, and if Chen Ping had paired up with them, they would probably be targeted by now as well!
“Let’s go, let’s go take a look ……”
Ning Zhi couldn’t help but get excited when he saw Chen Ping being chased around!
He was curious to know just how perverted Chen Ping’s strength had become, just by looking at Chen Ping’s realm alone, one could no longer tell his true strength!
“Old Ancestor, are we going to give Chen a hand?”
Ning Caichen asked!
He had thought that Ning Zhi had gone to take a look in order to help Chen Ping!
“It’s just simply to watch, understand?”
Ning Zhi glared at Ning Caichen, then also chased after Chen Ping in the direction he had fled!
Seeing this, Ning Caixin also followed and chased after him!
And at this moment, the fleeing Chen Ping had already felt that dangerous aura getting closer and closer!
“How f*cking evil, how on earth did this guy find out where I am?”
Chen Ping was puzzled as to how Qi Peijia knew where he was!
Every time, he was able to find him accurately, which gave Chen Ping a huge headache!
“Mr Chen, this Qi Peijia may possess the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, amongst our Demon Race, it is rumoured that in the ancient times, a Demon Cultivation powerhouse, practiced the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, which is just like the Thousand Miles Eyes, able to see through everything.”
“And it can also retrace what happened not long ago, the higher the power, the more powerful the Heavenly Underworld Eye is, later on, because that demonic cultivation powerhouse used the Heavenly Underworld Eye to spy on heavenly chances, so it was suppressed, and the Heavenly Underworld Eye was also lost.”
“After this Qi Peijia fell into the Devil Swallowing Cave, his strength suddenly skyrocketed, he must have had a miraculous encounter, perhaps he learnt the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, so that he could accurately know Chen’s location.”
In his mind, Ochre Yan followed Chen Ping!