The heavens and earth trembled, and the sound was like thunder!
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, and that Qin Jingyu was holding a stone hammer, constantly following that huge Origin Illusionary Beast and striking out!
“Quickly make your move …………”
Chen Ping shouted!
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan and the others rushed up!
The smaller Origin Illusion Beasts, on the other hand, swarmed up in a black mass!
Ji Meiyan and the others, fighting and retreating, drew those small Origin Illusion Beasts aside!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, followed Qin Jingyu as he continued to launch attacks on the huge Origin Illusion Beast!
With one slap from the huge Origin Illusionary Beast, a mountain ridge collapsed, and Chen Ping and the others were like ants in front of this huge Illusionary Beast!
This slap, produced a huge impact that caused that Qin Jingyu to instantly fly backwards!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, made a vigorous leap, and his entire body reached mid-air, and then executed the Nine Shadow Sword Technique!
Only to see several identical Chen Ping’s appearing out of thin air in mid-air, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand swung out with vigour, and then converged in one place, producing a piercing sword aura!
The sword awn cut across the huge body of that Origin Illusionary Beast, causing that Illusionary Beast to involuntarily stifle a grunt, only to see a wound appear on its body, and its Golden Origin dissipated quite a bit at this moment!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was overjoyed, in this way, every time the Origin Illusionary Beast was injured, the strength of this Origin Illusionary Beast would be greatly reduced, and the Golden Origin on its body would dissipate a bit!
That Qin Jingyu also discovered this point, so he held the stone hammer and fought his way towards that Origin Illusionary Beast’s head!
But right at this moment, the Origin Illusionary Beast’s breath moved, and those Golden Origin around it unexpectedly swarmed to it, directly healing the wounds on the Origin Illusionary Beast’s body, and its breath became even stronger!
“This …………”
That Qin Jingyu was surprised when he took a look, and the stone hammer he swung out wanted to retract it, but it was already too late!
Only to see that Origin Illusionary Beast hiss and slap out towards Qin Jingyu!
Qin Jingyu’s body, like a meteor, was directly slapped out, and then the entire person was set into the mountain!
Qin Jingyu’s body was unable to move inside the mountain for a while!
This time, it was up to Chen Ping’s own skills to decimate this Origin Illusion Beast!
Chen Ping looked at the huge Origin Illusion Beast and fell into deep thought!
In theory, these Origin Illusionary Beasts were all condensed from a masterless Origin, and should not possess the spiritual intelligence of a Demonic Beast, nor would they have an autonomous consciousness!
As long as these Origin Illusionary Beasts were killed and the Origin Breath dissipated, then the Origin Illusionary Beasts wouldn’t exist anymore!
However, this huge Origin Illusionary Beast could even use the Origin within this mountain pass to recover itself, this was simply too perverse!
In that case, as long as this Origin Illusionary Beast could not be killed at once, then it could endlessly use the Origin Breath to recover, wouldn’t this be an invincible existence?
Chen Ping believed that there must still be something that he had discovered for this mountain pass, the reason why this huge Origin Illusionary Beast was able to carry out self-repair could definitely not be that this Origin Illusionary Beast itself was the behaviour, because it was impossible for an Illusionary Beast that was condensed by the Origin Breath to have this kind of consciousness!
This should be some sort of thing controlling the Origin Illusionary Beast, now to destroy this Origin Illusionary Beast, it looks like we need to find this thing!
It was also because of this thing that the Origin Breath inside the mountain pass could condense into a Phantom Beast, while the Origin Breath in other places could not!
But this mountain pass is huge, to know what is what is controlling this huge Origin Illusionary Beast, it is simply more difficult than climbing up to the sky!
Chen Ping now had no clue at all!
Before Chen Ping could think of a way, the huge Origin Illusion Beast had already attacked!
It could not possibly wait for Chen Ping to come up with a way to deal with itself!
Only to see the Origin Illusion Beast’s palm pressing towards Chen Ping like a mountain!
Chen Ping hurriedly performed a spatial technique that should have escaped from under that Origin Illusion Beast’s palm, and then began to flee towards the depths of the mountain pass!