Chen Ping and their Soul Demon Sect plus the Holy Maiden of the Guanghan Palace were nearly a hundred people, and all of them were not weak!
In particular, the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace was also in the Mahayana realm, and although Chen Ping was only at the seventh rank of the Transitional Abruptions realm, his strength was also there for all to see.
Patriarch Jiang’s strength of the ninth rank of the Transition Realm was also considered an expert!
In that case, the strength of the Blood and Bone Sect’s side was somewhat inferior.
Right now, the Blood and Bone Sect’s disciples were only about thirty, and the rest of the Blood and Bone Sect’s disciples had all been taken out by Di Chong Jing, and none of them had returned.
Looking at Chen Ping’s lineup on their side, many of the Blood and Bone Sect’s disciples began to turn pale, and some of the Blood and Bone Sect’s disciples began to beat a retreat!
If Tan Rongkun and Di Chongjing were not still around, it was estimated that these Blood Bone Sect disciples would have run away long ago!
“Second Senior Brother, you followed Eldest Senior Brother, but you even went along with Di Chong Jing and did this kind of harmful thing.”
“Back then, when our master passed away in immortality, he had instructed us that we must not be cultivating with such evil arts, and you guys even didn’t listen in the slightest.”
When Patriarch Jiang saw Tan Rongkun, he was instantly furious and asked.
“Third Senior Brother, don’t pretend to be so noble, back then you were the most favoured by your Master, and you had the highest talent and strength, you simply looked down on us.”
“But what about now? You’re only a mere ninth rank of the Transition Realm, you can’t even beat fourth senior brother, let alone compare to me and eldest senior brother.”
“Let me tell you, Eldest Senior Brother is impacting the third rank of the Mahayana Realm, when the time comes, he can take your life with a single move of his finger.”
“I advise you to bring your men and get out right away, we don’t interfere with each other, and I don’t want to see fellow disciples fighting each other.”
Tan Rongkun wanted Patriarch Jiang to take his people away!
If they really fought, the Blood and Bone Sect was in danger, and their Senior Brother’s closed-door cultivation would be disturbed and stopped!
“Hmph, I’ll never leave, you’ve mutilated so many people, I must kill you to console my master’s spirit in heaven.”
Patriarch Jiang snorted coldly, he would never leave!
“Just with you people, you still want to kill us, it’s simply ridiculous, just this Patriarchal Formation, you will never be able to break through it either!”
Tan Rongkun knew that with the Patriarchal Formation in place, it wouldn’t be that easy for Chen Ping and the others to rush into the Blood Bone Sect!
Patriarch Jiang didn’t speak anymore, because he could also see that this Mountain Protector Formation was indeed not easy to break, and now that they were isolated outside, trying to kill these people from the Blood and Bone Sect was simply impossible!
“With this broken formation, you still want to stop us?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly as he said!
“What? We have this …………”
Tan Rongkun was about to taunt Chen Ping, but he saw Chen Ping slowly step forward and gently press one hand on top of that Patriarchal Formation!
The originally sturdy Patriarchal Formation, even under Chen Ping’s palm, produced a slight tremor, and then a spiderweb of cracks formed that was visible to the naked eye!
Seeing that the Protector Formation was about to be broken, this time Tan Rongkun and the others were completely confused!
This Patriarchal Formation was something that they had paid a high price to have a Formation Master put in place, so how could it be broken so easily in Chen Ping’s hands?
Could it be that this guy also knew about formations?
Seeing that the Patriarchal Formation was going to be broken, Di Chongjing panicked a little!
“Second Senior Brother, what should we do?”
Di Chongjing asked!
“What else can I do, fight with them, we must hold on, as long as Eldest Brother breaks through the third level of the Mahayana realm, these people don’t want to live!”
Tan Rongkun’s eyes were filled with viciousness, then he violently leapt up!
Seeing this, Di Chongjing and the others followed suit and rushed up!
Only to see Tan Rongkun’s palms waving, surrounded by a blood-coloured mist, from the Blood and Bone Sect’s white bones, the Yin Fiendish Qi continuously gathers!
Soon, these Yin Fiendish Qi unexpectedly transformed into four strange demonic beasts.
These demonic beasts were huge in size, and the aura on their bodies was raging!