“This, what’s going on?”
Everyone was stunned as they all waved their palms, but all the powerful qi in their bodies had disappeared, turning them into ordinary people.
Guo Wei frowned and clenched his fists tightly, but the powerful qi in his body was also suppressed, and he couldn’t exert it at all.
“This should be a suppression spell formation, suppressing the powerful qi in our bodies!”
Hu Baqi explained.
“Clan Master Hu, do you have a way to break this spell formation?” Guo Wei asked.
With their energy suppressed, there was no way for them to open the bronze coffin, and there would be no way to know what was inside.
Hu Baqi shook his head, “A spell formation of this volume is not something I can crack, moreover, this place has a mountain as the formation and water as the eye, such a masterpiece, I’m afraid only a top level master of magic can set it up, if I’m not wrong, this should be the Dragon Vein that the emperors have been talking about.”
“Dragon veins?” Guo Wei faintly stared.
He didn’t understand this at all, so he didn’t understand what Hu Baqi was talking about.
“Throughout the dynasties, the royal family would have capable people and scholars search for a dragon vein treasure that could make the country prosper, this should be the dragon vein that a certain emperor searched for, but which dynasty it was, I don’t know.”
Hu Baqi explained.
Once Hu Baqi explained, Guo Wei then understood, but looking at the bronze coffin in front of him, he was still a bit reluctant to give up just like that.
However, now that he had lost all his energy, there was no way to get close to the coffin, so he could only return the way he came, but having obtained the 90,000-mile mountain and river map, it was not a trip in vain.
“Since we have found the coffin and there is no way for us to open it, let’s go back, this trial is over!”
Guo Wei had to issue the order for the trial to end.
Many people acted a bit downhearted, they originally thought that it was an emperor’s tomb, there must be a lot of treasures inside, but in the end there was nothing, just a painting, which was still in the hands of Long Xiao.
Now that Guo Wei had given the word, the crowd couldn’t help but obey, after all, it was useless to stay here, their energy was suppressed and they couldn’t do anything.
But just as Guo Wei was about to lead the men back the way they came, Chen Ping suddenly took a step forward.
“Wait a minute, robbing me and leaving like that?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were cold, and a smirk hung at the corner of his mouth.
Just now, when this formation was activated and everyone’s jin qi was suppressed, Chen Ping tried it and found that he was not affected at all.
Chen Ping’s cultivation was not jin qi, but spiritual qi, so this spell formation did not have an effect on Chen Ping.
Now that everyone had their jin qi suppressed, even that Guo Wei had become an ordinary person, Chen Ping had nothing to fear from him, and he just took the opportunity to snatch the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map.
“Chen Ping, what do you want to do?”
Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping and asked.
“Of course I want to get the painting back!”
Chen Ping said, and took a big step towards Long Xiao.
“Chen Ping, although I am suppressed of my jin qi, you are equally no better, if you want to make a move, those of us can beat you to a pulp!”
Long Xiao was not afraid in the slightest, although his jin qi was suppressed, he believed that Chen Ping was no doubt the same as an ordinary person now, there was nothing to be afraid of.
“Is that so? Let’s try it then ……”
Chen Ping stepped forward and grabbed the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, snatching it with a gentle force.
Long Xiao was startled and smashed his fist towards Chen Ping, this fist was completely the power of his body bursting out, not mixed with a single bit of energy.
Boom …………
The first thing that happened was that Chen Ping didn’t move, followed by a scream from Long Xiao.
Long Xiao only felt as if his fist had smashed on an iron plate, and the intense pain spread throughout his body.
Slap!
Chen Ping slapped over, and Long Xiao’s body was like a kite with a broken string, flying out at once and hitting the stone wall heavily.