“Not going to break it?” Hu Ma Zi was startled, “You don’t intend to break the formation, why did you still promise those people, isn’t this to make all those people target you?”
If all these people were to unite against Chen Ping himself, I’m afraid it would be difficult for Chen Ping to deal with them!
“I don’t intend to break the formation, but we can find a way to divert that heavenly thunder to a place, so that as long as we don’t go to that place, no one will be struck by it again!”
Chen Ping explained.
Hearing this, Hu Ma Zi instantly understood over and nodded, “That’s a good idea, but where do you plan to draw that heavenly thunder to?”
“See that divine altar, just draw the heavenly thunder there, after all, that’s the highest place in the whole relic.”
Chen Ping said as he pointed at the divine altar.
“Good, then how do you plan to draw it?”
Hu Ma Zi asked.
“Just follow me ……”
Chen Ping led Hu Ma Zi up to that divine altar!
I saw Chen Ping standing in the middle of the divine altar and then said to Hu Ma Zi, “Master Hu, use me as the mou-mei, you use the talisman to draw the heavenly thunder over ……”
“Chen Ping, are you crazy, are you planning to blast yourself with heavenly thunder?”
Hu Ma Zi said with a surprised look on his face.
“Without a medium, there is no way to draw the heavenly thunder to one place, when the heavenly thunder converges here and blasts me, I will find a chance to leave and the heavenly thunder will keep blasting in one place!”
“I have already seen it, although the heavenly thunder of this Heavenly Thunder Formation is powerful, it is still far from the lightning tribulation when I break through, it won’t hurt me at all.”
Chen Ping said with full confidence.
“Chen Ping, think carefully, this is not a joke.”
Hu Ma Zi reminded once again.
“Don’t worry, you start doing it ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he took out his Dragon Chopping Sword and raised it high above his head so that it would be better able to attract the heavenly lightning to blast down.
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi could only pull out a few talismans, chanting under his breath, and violently threw the talismans towards mid-air!
Several charms began to spin in the air, and the flashing blue lightning around them, as if attracted by something, began to converge on Chen Ping’s head!
Everyone looked at the scene in front of them in astonishment, their mouths growing wide!
“What is Chen Ping going to do then? Is he going to endure that day’s lightning blast?”
“Has this Chen Ping gone mad?”
“It’s too awesome, we actually have a talisman master here.”
The crowd was talking, while Hong Qianjiu was looking at Chen Ping with a grave expression?
“Young master, this guy is trying to trigger a heavenly lightning blast, he’s crazy, right?”
One of the attendants beside Factory Lu asked in a whisper.
Factory Lu’s eyes narrowed slightly as he slowly spoke, “I don’t think he’s crazy, this fellow’s physical body is very strong, I guess he has the confidence to withstand that heavenly thunder blast!”
Factory Lu had been hiding his strength, standing in the middle of the crowd, he didn’t want to expose himself until the last moment!
“Dad, this Chen Ping is crazy, what is he trying to do? Isn’t this seeking death?”
Ge Jiayi immediately disagreed when she saw that Chen Ping was actually going to trigger the Heavenly Thunder to blast himself, and wanted to rush up and pull Chen Ping down!
She couldn’t let anything happen to Chen Ping, if something happened to him, she wouldn’t know how she was going to live!
“Don’t move, Mr. Chen must have his own plans, it will be fine.”
Ge Fuhai said as he stepped forward and pulled Ge Jiayi.
“Chia-Yi, don’t worry about it, Mr. Chen will definitely be fine.”
Jiang Wei also had full confidence in Chen Ping at this point!
Rumble …………
At this moment, the heavenly thunder had been drawn above Chen Ping’s head, only to see countless blue lightning bolts weaving in and out!
Ka …………
Suddenly, a heavenly thunderbolt struck down, only to see Chen Ping’s body start to emerge with a blue light, and his entire body was struck directly!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and carried the power of that heavenly thunder hard.