“Yu Jin, you old thing, is Sect Master Huo’s name something you can just call? You’re committing an offence against your superiors, what’s wrong with the Sect Master opening the Divine Volcano?”
Elder Tian said coldly!
“Bullsh*t, he’s only acting Sect Master, the old Sect Master is still alive and well, he hasn’t died yet, just letting Huo Yuanting act as Sect Master, he really thinks he’s an onion.”
“Get out of my way right now, or don’t blame us for not being polite ……”
Elder Yu said angrily!
“Haha, so what if you’re not polite? With just you people, how dare you break into the Divine Volcano?”
“And let me tell you, if Sect Master Huo gets the Divine Flame Seal, then he’ll be the real Sect Master, and by then, all of you will have no good end.”
“Now if you all turn back from the wrong path and side with Sect Master Huo, when Sect Master Huo gets the Divine Flame Seal, I can put in a good word for you.”
Elder Tian laughed!
“F*ck you, less to stray from us here, let me tell you, the old Sect Master has long since recovered and is now taking a break, when the old Sect Master recuperates, the first one to do so will be to destroy all of you.”
Elder Yu was afraid that some people were not strong-willed, so he told the matter of the old Sect Master’s recovery!
When Elder Tian heard this, his brows instantly furrowed, but then he coldly smiled and said, “You don’t need to deceive us, the old Sect Master’s Ben Devil Soul is controlling him, it’s simply impossible for him to recover, unless that Devil Soul is wiped out.”
“Tian Jing, how do you know that the old sect master is controlled by a demonic soul? Could it be that this demonic soul was laid by you for the old sect master?”
Elder Yu’s eyes narrowed slightly as he coldly looked at Elder Tian!
They had always suspected that it was Huo Yuanting who had pitted the Old Sect Master!
But there had never been any evidence, and now with Elder Tian’s words, it was sort of exposed!
After all, no one knew exactly what caused the old Sect Master to suddenly become insane!
Now that this Elder Tian even knew, that meant that they must have done it!
When Elder Tian heard this, he also panicked a bit and shook his head, “Don’t spit blood, I’m just guessing, if you want to fight, I’ll just accompany you.”
A terrifying aura instantly erupted from Elder Tian’s body!
Elder Yu didn’t show any weakness either, and similarly erupted all of his aura from his body!
“Make a move …………”
Zhu Ling looked at the divine volcano not far away and suddenly spoke!
She knew that if she hesitated any longer, then Huo Yuanting would really enter the Divine Volcano, and if she let Huo Yuanting get the Divine Flame Seal to recognise his master, then it would all be too late!
Elder Yu instantly followed Elder Tian and exchanged blows.
The two leapt up and shot straight into the clouds, each strike causing the void to tremble and sound like thunder!
The entire sky lost its original colour as the two fought!
Just as Elder Yu and Elder Tian exchanged blows, the two parties also instantly mixed together!
However, Chen Ping never moved, and Zhu Ling did not make a move either!
They all had a common goal, and that was to rush through here and head to the Divine Volcano!
“Everyone, use the formation to defend to the death, we must not allow them to disturb Sect Master’s journey to the Divine Volcano.”
Elder Tian roared as he followed Elder Yu in the fight!
After hearing this, the people from Huo Yuan Ting’s lineage retreated backwards, followed by a flash of white light as the formation was opened!
This formation was originally used to protect the array disc, but at this moment, it was used to block Chen Ping and the others!
After the formation was opened, the crowd of the old Sect Master’s lineage was instantly a little out of their depth!
After all, none of them knew how to crack the formation, and if they forced it open, it would take time, and perhaps Huo Yuan Ting would have already obtained the Divine Flame Seal by then!
“All get out of the way ……”
Zhu Ling motioned for the crowd to get out of the way, then took out the array disc!
This formation was laid down by Elder Cui, so if Elder Cui gave her the formation disc, then she would definitely be able to break it!
Only the runes on the formation disc flashed with light, and a seemingly gap slowly appeared in front of the formation!