Inside the tomb of the true man!
Three days had pa*sed, and Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping somewhat helplessly, realizing that he had no way to cultivate at all when he followed Chen Ping around.
Chen Ping was personally like a great power suction machine, absorbing all the spiritual energy into his own body.
It had only been just three days, and the Green Leaf Chi had already withered, and even the spiritual soil on the ground had all turned black and brown, without a trace of spiritual energy!
Pocky originally thought that it would take at least a month, but now it had only been three days, and both the green leaf mushroom and the spiritual energy in the spiritual soil had been absorbed by Chen Ping!
At this moment, Pocky Hu knew why Chen Ping had such strength at such a young age.
Chen Ping’s gong method was simply too perverse.
At this time, Chen Ping also slowly opened his eyes, looked at the already withered Green Leaf Chi and exhaled a long breath.
A green leaf ganoderma plus the spiritual soil had actually raised Chen Ping’s Martial Marquis realm by one rank, and now Chen Ping was already a second rank Martial Marquis.
“Master Hu, how long has it been now?”
Chen Ping asked when he saw that Pocky Hu was staring at him closely.
“Three days ……”
Pocky Hu said without good grace.
“Three days?” Chen Ping did not expect that the aura of the Green Leaf Chi would be gone so soon, “Aren’t you able to cultivate for at least a month?”
“If it were an ordinary immortal cultivator, a month would be perfectly fine, but what kind of gongfu do you practice? It’s too perverted, isn’t it?”
“It’s like following a pumping machine, all the aura is sucked into your body, I didn’t get anything at all ……”
Hu Ma Zi yelled loudly at Chen Ping.
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately looked very embarra*sed.
“Sorry, I didn’t think about it that much, when we get out, I’ll compensate you with some herbs as compensation ……”
Chen Ping gave an awkward smile.
“No need to wait to go out, when I come across the treasure later, I want to share a little more ……”
Hu Ma Zi said.
“There are still treasures?”
Chen Ping was shocked, “Doesn’t this Green Leaf Chi count as a treasure? Isn’t this a fake tomb? How can there still be treasures?”
Chen Ping thought that if this Green Leaf Chi was considered a treasure, there would be nothing else inside this tomb.
“Even if it’s a fake tomb, there can’t be just this tiny green leaf ganoderma, otherwise you’d be underestimating real people!”
After Hu Ma Zi finished speaking, his body leapt up and headed towards the shore.
Chen Ping followed closely behind, his heart excited.
I didn’t expect there to be treasures in this fake tomb.
“This seven-star sun swallowing pattern, the rest of the seven stars are not enough, the most important one is undoubtedly this last “sun swallowing”.
“This tomb is not a real tomb, it is only one of the seven false mounds.”
“But the treasures inside are not something that can be dispensed with by a single Green Leaf Chi, there are great treasures in the final pattern!”
Pocky Hu followed Chen Ping as he explained.
A spiritual herb like the Green Leaf Chi was nothing in this fake tomb, if they found that real tomb, wouldn’t the treasures inside be even more unbelievable?
Chen Ping was excited at the thought of this, if he had the chance, he would definitely find this real tomb.
But to find the real tomb, I was afraid it would be much more difficult.
But even if this was a fake tomb, the pattern of this last swallowed day still called for Chen Ping to be more excited.
Hu Pazzi led Chen Ping all the way through the tomb, which was so large that even the knowledgeable Hu Pazzi was shocked repeatedly.
He had robbed numerous tombs, but had never seen such a large tomb before.
All the way over, Hu Pazi ignored all the other places, not even looking at them, as if he had some clear purpose, and went straight to the next place, which made Chen Ping a bit puzzled.
Could it be that this Pocky Hu knew where the final Sun Swallowing Pattern was