Behind these two men were followed by several men armed with cutla*ses, each looking alert.
“Who the f*ck are you guys? How dare you disrespect Mr. Chen?”
Someone cursed and shouted towards the gang.
The middle-aged man’s eyes were blazing as he glanced at them, and suddenly a black shadow flashed, followed by the expert of the Martial Union who had opened his mouth, who instantly fell to the ground, his eyes wide open, with a thin wound on his neck.
Seeing this scene, the crowd all sucked in a breath of cold air, knowing that those who could participate in the Martial Alliance were ranked in the Jiangnan and Jiangbei provinces, and this person who had just opened his mouth, although he had just broken through the realm of Patriarch and stepped into the Grand Patriarch, was a Grand Patriarch at any rate, and had been killed without any reaction.
“Those who don’t want to die, all of you, get lost and let Chen Ping come out to meet me ……”
The middle-aged man swept his gaze over the crowd, and his terrifying killing aura instantly caused all of them to flinch on the spot.
One by one, it was as if there was a knife on their necks, no one dared to move, not a single movement.
“Good man, I am Sun Simiao, the Lord of the Pill King’s Mansion, may I ask, who are you? Why are you looking for Mr. Chen?”
Sun Simiao relied on the fact that the Pill King Mansion was behind the Bai family, so he tried hard to calm himself down and took a step forward to ask.
“Get lost ……” The middle-aged man spat out one word, while that Sun Simiao’s whole person was thrown out by a strong force as if he had received a heavy blow, and fell heavily on the ground.
“I say again, let Chen Ping come out or you will all die ……”
The killing aura on the middle-aged man’s body was instantly raised by a few points, and feeling this terrifying killing aura, some of the many people in the Martial Alliance could not even bear it and sat down on their buttocks.
“To be the head of the Heavenly Martial Sect, the realm of Martial Sects, flaunting your power against a group of Grand Masters, don’t you feel ashamed?”
At this moment, Chen Ping slowly walked out from inside.
Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng followed closely on either side, and Xiao Lan and the two grandfathers and grandsons of Bai Xiushan also followed out, though each had very grave faces.
After hearing Chen Ping’s words, everyone’s face changed dramatically, so the other party was a Martial Sect, no wonder their strength was so terrifying.
But Chen Ping was someone who had killed a Martial Sect, wasn’t that Qin Xiaolin a Martial Sect, but he was still killed by Chen Ping, so after Chen Ping came out, the crowd was not so scared in their hearts.
“Master Xia, this guy is Chen Ping, he is the one who killed your son Xia Chao, and behind him that girl is that little Lan from the Miao Village ……”
The young man beside Xiahou Dun, seeing Chen Ping walking out, pointed out with his eyes full of anger.
This person was no other than Ning Yu who had just been defeated by Chen Ping, Chen Ping was stopped by Xiaolan and let him off the hook, this guy actually did not run away but secretly informed Xiahou Dun and came over together to seek revenge on Chen Ping.
“Ning Yu, you shameless, ungrateful thing, just now Chen Ping let you off the hook, and you even dare to come back for revenge ……”
Xiao Lan looked at Ning Yu angrily and cursed up.
“Cut the f*cking crap, I became like this because of him, today I will let you all die ……”
Ning Yu’s face was full of fierceness, and his eyes were full of murderous aura.
“When the fight starts later, you guys look for a chance to escape, these two are joining forces, I’m not sure ……”
Chen Ping did not move, whispering to the few people around him.
If it was just one Xiahou Dun, Chen Ping would not be afraid with the Zenglong Sword, but now with that Ning Yu, it would be hard to tell the winner.
Although there were a lot of people here, the strongest one was only the fifth rank of Grand Master, so when they started fighting, they would not be able to help at all.
So Chen Ping could only let them escape first, while he himself would find another opportunity, otherwise none of them would be able to escape.
“Mr. Chen, we’ll hold off these people, you run away first, it doesn’t matter if we die, nothing can happen to you ……”
Lin Tianhu said with a firm face.