Having gained the appreciation of Tong Yang, and the change in his attitude towards him, Tong Youcai felt that he was important!
But Wang Defa was feeling a bit uncomfortable at the moment!
“Defa, why don’t you go with Youcai, if there is any danger, you can still help him to defend himself!”
Tong Youcai’s mother said to Wang Defa.
“I can’t, my father said that Uncle Wang should stay at home and keep watch.
“I’m not a child anymore, and with the genetic modification, my strength has increased a lot, so I’m not afraid!”
“I don’t want to talk to you guys anymore, I have to hurry up and bring people to ……”
After Tong Youcai said that, he happily took his men with him and headed towards the Kunlun Mountains!
At the same time, Chen Ping and Liu Rui were also rushing towards the Kunlun Mountains!
At this moment, hundreds of martial artists had already gathered on the Kunlun Mountain Range, searching for the relics!
Many had found the natural cave, but it was so dark underneath that no one dared to venture into it!
Tong Youcai led a dozen people from the Heavenly Thunder Sect to the Kunlun Mountains!
Looking at the hundreds of martial artists on the mountain, Tong Youcai’s body leapt gently and floated into mid-air, followed by a loud shout, “This place has been set as a forbidden area by our Heavenly Thunder Sect, anyone who does not leave will be killed without amnesty ……”
Tong Youcai’s words instantly aroused the anger of many martial artists!
“What kind of gang is this Heavenly Thunder Sect? Why does he have such a big mouth?”
“He looks young, but his words are too wild ……”
“How come I’ve never heard of a Heavenly Thunder Sect?”
Many martial artists were discussing, but seeing Tong Youcai’s extraordinary strength, no one came forward!
At this moment, an old man stood out, his body exuding the aura of the peak of Martial Saint, this kind of power is considered to be among the masters outside the Hidden Realm!
“This Kunlun Mountain Range is a place for many martial artists to train, so anyone can come here.
After the old man stood out, many people also stood out and shouted accusations at Tong Youcai!
“You little brat, how dare you use the power of one sect to become the enemy of our entire martial arts world?”
“Don’t think you’re so powerful just because you can hang in mid-air.
“I think you should get out of here, if you provoke the wrath of the people, you will be buried without a trace!”
Many martial artists shouted and cursed, not taking Tong Youcai into consideration at all!
“Humph, a bunch of ignorant ants ……”
Tong Youcai coldly snorted as the Martial God’s aura on his body instantly exploded, and in an instant, his aura was like the roar of a gale, crushing towards the old man and the surrounding martial artists!
“Martial God, this is the Martial God’s Qi …………”
“Such a young Martial God, so terrifying, so terrifying ……”
Feeling that terrifying Qi, everyone was scared to death!
The old man and the cursing martial artists did not have time to react at all, but they were instantly crushed to death by the Martial God’s Qi from Tong Youcai’s body ……
Seeing this scene, the remaining martial artists turned around and ran down the mountain as if they had seen the devil!
All of them scrambled for fear that if they were late, they would be crushed by the terrifying Martial God’s Qi!
“Hahahaha, hahahaha …………”
Looking at the frantic fleeing martial artists, Tong Youcai laughed loudly with unbridled excitement in his laughter!
“Third elder, you lead people to set up a blockade all the way from the bottom of the mountain, no one will be allowed to come up the mountain.”
“The relics of the Water Fairy Palace belong to our Heavenly Thunder Sect!”
Tong Youzhe ordered to an old man.
“As you command. ……”
The three elders took the order and started to set up a barrier from the bottom of the mountain!
Tong Youzui led the rest of his men straight to the cave that suddenly appeared! –