The youth turned and walked away, Cui Zhiyuan and the two interviewers all froze, each looking at Chen Ping incredulously, not understanding how Chen Ping knew the general manager of the company after him!
“Chen Ping, how do you know me, Mr. Xing?”
Cui Zhiyuan asked with a face full of confusion.
“Is he the general manager of this company? I don’t know him!” Chen Ping shook his head!
Chen Ping did not know this youth, nor had he seen him, but this youth had seen Chen Ping, and had seen Chen Ping with his own eyes following Su Yuqi’s affair!
The youth was called Xing Jun, a foreign student who graduated from Stanford University abroad and was rehired after he took up a position in Su’s group, and this Xing Jun also had his eyes on Su Yuqi and had been pursuing her, only that Su Yuqi had not said yes!
After Su Wenzong gave Su Yuqi the company, because Su Yuqi did not manage it, so he transferred Xing Jun to be the general manager of Xin Yu Daily Chemical Co.
This Xing Jun did have some strength, and in a short time he managed the company in an orderly manner, and also became the most profitable subsidiary of the Su Group!
The reason why Xing Jun worked so hard was to get Su Yuqi to look at him, but when he found out that Su Yuqi was actually following a kid like Chen Ping who had been in jail, he had a huge inner transformation and he wanted to take Su Yuqi away from Chen Ping!
Now that Chen Ping had come to the company for an interview, of course he had to seize this opportunity, as long as Chen Ping stayed inside the company, he would have tens of thousands of ways to make Chen Ping know what to do, and he could also provoke Chen Ping to follow Su Yuqi’s relationship!
“It’s really strange ……”
Cui Zhiyuan frowned, but the general manager gave the word, he a department manager can not dare to disobey, can only say to Chen Ping: “You go to the induction procedures, then I will send someone to take you familiar with the company ……”
Now Cui Zhiyuan did not dare to trouble Chen Ping for the time being, he did not know what kind of relationship this Chen Ping had with Xing Jun!
Chen Ping was also a bit strange, he didn’t understand why this what’s-his-name Xing Jun, why did he leave himself behind, it looked like he knew him!
Could it be that Su Yuqi knew that he had come to her company for an interview and had specially instructed this general manager?
Chen Ping pondered with a slight frown as he followed that girl from the office out and was led through the induction procedure!
“D*mn, you kid turned out to be a reformer, I’m really unlucky to have talked to you for half a day, it’s too bad luck, just like you, you’ll never be able to apply for a job!”
As soon as Chen Ping went out, he was counted by the young man who just wore gla*ses.
Chen Ping looked at the young man, he originally felt that this young man was nice, but he didn’t expect him to be such a dog-eyed guy!
“Mr. Chen, please come with me here, you need an ID card for the induction procedure, do you have it with you?”
The girl who followed Chen Ping out asked to Chen Ping.
“Oh, I brought it!” Chen Ping handed his ID card to that sister, and then smiled gratefully!
He knew that the girl had asked this on purpose, in order to say it to the young man!
Sure enough, when the young man saw that Chen Ping had succeeded in his interview, his eyes were suddenly rounded and his face was full of incredulity!
But Chen Ping ignored him, and after a sneer, he followed the girl and left!
While Chen Ping was applying for the job, in the sales department manager’s office, Sun Xiaomeng said to Cui Zhiyuan with an angry face: “What the hell is wrong with you? Didn’t you say not to hire him? Now that he’s been hired, he’s going to annoy me to death, and my dad will make me take him to work every day!”
“Can you blame me for that? Who knows what kind of relationship that kid has with Mr. Xing, he was hired directly by Mr. Xing, what can I do?”
Cui Zhiyuan also said with an unhappy face!