Liu Ruyan also noticed it and looked at Chen Ping with excitement, hoping that Chen Ping would wake up soon!
Chen Ping’s body slowly levitated into mid-air, followed by an endless surge of breath coming out of his body!
These breaths transformed into three rays of light, constantly rotating around Chen Ping!
One golden, one black and one blue, the three auras were like giant snakes wandering about, sometimes meeting, sometimes scattering!
In the sky, a cloud of gloom slowly drifted in, and this cloud got lower and lower!
Seemingly sensing that something was wrong, the Third Elder and Liu Ruyan hurriedly ran out to check!
When they saw the cloud above their heads, they were all a little surprised now!
“This …… should be a thunder tribulation cloud, Mr. Chen might be about to break through ……”
The third elder suddenly shouted out!
As soon as they heard that Chen Ping was about to break through, so everyone was surprised!
One must know that Chen Ping was only a newly promoted Harmony Realm cultivator, and even if he broke through, he would only be at the Second Grade Harmony Realm!
A breakthrough in a small realm could still attract a thundercloud, this was too outrageous, right?
We know that many cultivators may not be able to attract a thundercloud even if they break through a major realm!
Although there is a certain danger in a thunderbolt, if you can attract a thunderbolt cloud during a breakthrough and your body suffers a thunderbolt!
After the breakthrough, one’s strength will definitely be unparalleled in the same realm!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, there was a rumbling sound, followed by lightning starting to coalesce in the thundercloud!
“Retreat, retreat quickly ……”
Seeing this, the Third Elder hurriedly shouted out and told all the people to stay away from the house where Chen Ping was!
Just as the crowd was moving away, a thunderstorm instantly struck down!
The house became shattered, and Chen Ping’s body was exposed in mid-air!
Three different coloured auras wrapped around Chen Ping’s body as he suffered the thunderbolt’s blasts over and over again!
After an unknown amount of time, the thundercloud dissipated amidst the shocked eyes of the crowd!
And Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes!
The moment Chen Ping opened his eyes, three auras instantly condensed together and entered Chen Ping’s body!
At this moment, from Chen Ping’s body, a domineering and extremely terrifying aura spread out in all directions!
The endless pressure caused everyone in the Jade Tripod Sect to look at Chen Ping as if they were looking at a heavenly god?
Even the Third Elder could not help but kneel down and worship on the ground at this moment!
“Chen Ping, you’ve finally woken up ……”
Liu Ruyan was incomparably excited to see Chen Ping awake, and leapt towards him with a long leap!
When Chen Ping saw Liu Ruyan, he hurriedly gathered up his body’s aura and caught Liu Ruyan with one hand!
And Liu Ruyan was hugging Chen Ping’s neck tightly, her eyes filled with hot tears!
In the end, she even kissed Chen Ping!
He didn’t think that Liu Ruyan would dare to do something so daring in front of so many Jade Tripod Sect disciples!
“Cough cough ……”
“Everyone turn around and close your eyes ……”
The Third Elder coughed twice in embarrassment and hurriedly ordered the Jade Tripod Sect disciples to all turn around and close their eyes not to watch!
Chen Ping hugged Liu Ruyan and fell from mid-air, hurriedly pushing her away.
But Liu Ruyan did not get angry, but said with a happy face “Chen Ping, you have been unconscious for several days, do you know how worried I was?”
“I’ve been in a coma for days?”
Chen Ping didn’t expect that a vicious battle would make him so weak that he would be in a coma for days!
Chen Ping sank his Qi into his Dantian and felt his strength, then was surprised to find that he had made a breakthrough!
“I’ve actually made a breakthrough?” Chen Ping was in a state of shock!
He himself knew that for every small realm breakthrough, the resources required for him were enormous!
As the realm rose, the cultivation resources Chen Ping would need would become more and more!
Chen Ping did not understand how it was possible for him to make a breakthrough while he was in a coma.
Where did he get so many resources?