Chen Ping’s punch instantly erupted into a soft glow!
The soft radiance pierced through that fiery tornado, causing it to instantly dissipate!
Feeling that soft and holy light, Chen Ping faintly stared at it.
“Is this …… the true essence of the Holy Light Fist?”
Chen Ping actually felt an indescribable comfort after feeling that soft and holy light.
Gu Kaiyuan’s brow furrowed Avray, he was already feeling that power in his body slowly draining away, if he could not kill Chen Ping before, then he would have no chance.
“Use blood as a guide, use the earth as a coffin, the ancestors bless …………”
Gu Kaiyuan suddenly chanted something in a divine voice, before slapping his palm to his chest!
A mouthful of blood spurted out, the blood landed on the ground and was actually absorbed instantly!
The earth trembled, and immediately afterwards a large pattern appeared on the ground, the pattern still emitting light.
“Come out …………”
Gu Kaiyuan shouted, and immediately afterwards the pattern on the ground began to rotate!
A ray of light flashed past, and several human skeletons, which were only skeletons, unexpectedly flashed out from that pattern.
Gu Kaiyuan bit his finger and dripped his own blood on the tops of the skeletons’ heads.
Several skeletons instantly seemed to come to life, and a ma*s of red light pulsed within the skeletons, as if they were human hearts.
When Chen Ping saw this, his brows furrowed tightly.
“What is this thing?”
Faced with several skeleton skeletons, Chen Ping was somewhat nonplussed.
He did not expect this Gu Kaiyuan to be able to summon these frightening things, so it seemed that the Gu family really had quite a few secrets.
“These are the skeletons of my ancestors, now that you have stirred up the peace, let the ancestors kill you then ……”
Gu Kaiyuan said, waving his hands as several skeletal skeletons rushed towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping fiercely swung out with two fists.
The strong punching wind directly hit those skeletons, but surprisingly, it didn’t have the slightest effect, the power of these two punches all pa*sed through the skeletons’ bodies and hit empty!
“Haha, it’s useless, they are already dead things, how could they be afraid of your punching power!”
Gu Kaiyuan laughed out loud.
At that moment, a skeleton had already reached in front of Chen Ping, followed by a claw towards Chen Ping.
A bloodstain instantly appeared in front of Chen Ping’s body!
The Unbreakable Golden Body had actually been directly defended by these skeletons!
Looking at the bloody wound on his chest, Chen Ping looked grave.
“Since you use magic techniques, I will use magic techniques to meet you ……”
Chen Ping said, as a light blue flame rose above his hands!
The blue flame pulsed and gave off a burst of eerie aura!
Immediately afterwards a strand of divine dragon power condensed on top of his palms, and the blue flame on his hands grew even more vigorous.
“Since ordinary power won’t work, let’s try these spirit flames …………”
Said Chen Ping, his hands instantly formed a spell formation.
Gu Kaiyuan’s face became somewhat unsettled, he did not expect that Chen Ping knew spells and could also manipulate spirit fires.
One should know that only high-level alchemists could manipulate spirit fire to refine pills!
Could it be that Chen Ping was also an alchemist?
Gu Kaiyuan’s face turned ugly as he wondered just how many other cards Chen Ping had.
Why was it that of all things, Chen Ping seemed to know it all.
Only to see Chen Ping pushing his hands forward, a spell formation instantly burst open and directly covered those skeletons!
Terrifying power raged up in this instant, and the blazing spirit fire, with the help of this power, began to devour everything it could burn!
“What the hell is this …… thing?”
Feeling the power of the spirit fire, Gu Kaiyuan was so frightened that he retreated in a row!
Even when he was a little closer to the spirit fire, Gu Kaiyuan’s body and mind felt as uncomfortable as if he was being scorched!
A few skeletons, at this moment, struggled in the spirit fire.
In a flash, the spirit fire disappeared and the skeletons turned into a pile of black powder, which was blown away by the wind and drifted away without a trace.