“Queen Fox, what is your relationship with this brat? Why does he care about you so much?”
The Monkey King asked to Bai Shallow!
Bai Shallow frowned “Monkey King, it’s none of your business what relationship I have with him! You get the hell away from me, we are whatever relationship we like.”
The Monkey King’s face was furious as he gritted his teeth and said “You stinking b*tch, you sleep with everyone, even a Transitional Realm first grade minor cultivator, you sleep with.”
After saying that, the Monkey King gave Chen Ping a vicious look and said “Brat, you immediately give me a roll away, not allowed to pester the Fox Emperor’s daughter, he is my woman ……”
“Dead monkey, what the f*ck are you talking about? Who is your woman, do you want a face?” Bai Qian did not expect that the Monkey King would say this!
“You’re my woman, I’ve decided that you’re not allowed to be touched by anyone, I’m going to kill this brat right now, I’ll see who else you’re going to find.”
The Monkey King said as his body’s aura exploded and a palm was about to slap towards Chen Ping!
Bai Shao was filled with anger, her body also exploded with a burst of aura, but her body was weak now, her aura was definitely not as strong as that Monkey King’s!
As for Chen Ping, facing the Monkey King’s furious seventh grade Transition Realm aura, he also frowned, and the Unbreakable Golden Body on his body activated!
A single golden scale covered Chen Ping’s entire body!
The Monkey King was slightly stunned, but he still gritted his teeth and headed towards Chen Ping!
“Stinking monkey, can’t you f*cking see auntie me?”
Just as that Monkey King was about to make a move towards Chen Ping, there was suddenly a chorus of voices as a flame erupted from the mouth of the Fire Phoenix!
When the Monkey King heard this voice, he could not help but be startled, his body backed up sharply, and his face even displayed a look of horror!
When he saw the fire phoenix clearly, his face went white!
“Fire …… Fire Phoenix?”
Monkey King said with a trembling body!
“f*ck, you dare to make a move against my master, see if I don’t whip you to death ……”
Fire Phoenix stepped forward and slapped towards the Monkey King’s head!
That Monkey King was slapped by the Fire Phoenix, but he didn’t even dare to fight back and was so scared that he hurriedly dodged!
Chen Ping was a little dumbfounded when he saw this scene!
To know that this Monkey King was a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, while the Fire Phoenix was only of the Harmonisation Realm, the difference was very vast, this Monkey King estimated that if he moved his finger, the Fire Phoenix would be in trouble!
But the fire phoenix hands, the monkey king will only dodge, do not dare to fight back……
White shallow saw this scene, can not help but laugh, looking at Chen Ping that confused look, so explained “this stinking monkey, before not less by the fire phoenix bullied, did not become the monkey king when the fire phoenix all day riding him to play.”
“At that time, the Fire Phoenix was still an existence that we beasts looked up to, and it was because the Fire Phoenix rode the stinky monkey all day long and taught him a lot of feats, which slowly allowed this guy to become the Monkey King, and also own his own territory.”
“Don’t look at the fact that now that Fire Phoenix has been knocked into the secular world and has lost a lot of strength in his realm, but that stinking monkey doesn’t dare to fight back, this is probably the fear that is engraved in his bones!”
When Chen Ping heard this, he burst into tears, so it turned out that Fire Phoenix followed this Monkey King and had such a past!
It seemed that he had really done the right thing by leaving Fire Phoenix in the Divine and Demonic Battlefield!
“Auntie, don’t fight, don’t fight, I’m wrong, I’m wrong isn’t it ……”
The Monkey King covered his head and hurriedly begged for mercy!
“In the future, when you see my master, be honest with me, think you’re great just because you’re the Monkey King?”
Fire Phoenix reprimanded the Monkey King!
“Honest, definitely honest ……,” the Monkey King nodded repeatedly!
“Monkey, are your eyes blind, can’t you see that this is the son of the dragon, the head of the beast clan?”
“You still dare to make a move against him? I think you are tired of living ……”
Bai Shao said in a cold voice!
Only then did the Monkey King take a closer look at Chen Ping, feeling that Dragon Race aura on Chen Ping’s body, as well as the Fire Phoenix that had just followed Chen Ping and called out with a mouthful of masters, the Monkey King knew that he had really messed with the wrong person!
“I’m sorry, just pretend I haven’t been here, I’ll leave right away ……”
The Monkey King was so scared that he quickly disappeared!