“Mr. Chen, since you and Miss Ling’er are both going to Locked Dragon Island, why aren’t you together yet?”
At this moment, Lin Tianhu asked in a very strange manner.
“Ah ……” Chen Ping didn’t know how to answer Lin Tianhu for a moment!
“I ran out on my own, Chen Ping doesn’t even know, so how can we go together!”
Gu Ling’er spoke up at this point.
“Right, I didn’t know that Ling’er was also going to Locked Dragon Island!”
Chen Ping nodded hastily.
“Chen Ping, where’s Yu Qi? Aren’t you with Yu Qi?”
Su Wenzong swept around and found that there was no figure of Su Yuqi, so he asked Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, he didn’t know how to follow Su Wen Zong, but in the end he decided to hide it from Su Wen Zong, so he lied, “Yu Qi had some other things to do, she didn’t come along, I was with a friend!”
Chen Ping pointed to Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan behind him!
Ning Zhi then stepped forward with a smile on his face and greeted after Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong, “Hello guys, I’m a friend of Chen Ping’s, my name is Ning Zhi ……”
“Hello!”
Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong also followed Ning Zhi in greeting!
After climbing around for a few minutes, the group returned to the cabin, because of running into Gu Ling’er and Chen Ping, Gu Mantian and also Su Wenzong all looked happier and more excited!
Inside a certain room, Gu Wentian and also Su Wenzong, followed Chen Ping in a pleasant conversation, the two of them missed Chen Ping quite a bit as he had been running east and west during this period of time and rarely returned to Hongcheng.
“Chen Ping, that friend of yours called Ning Zhi, he looks good, he must be a grandson of some family, right? From the kind of noble aura he exudes, I’m afraid you won’t find such a young man in the whole of Hong City!”
Su Wenzong asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
“En, he’s from the Ning family in Kyoto, this guy looks quite amiable, but is actually particularly difficult to deal with! So Uncle Su, Ancient, you should stay away from him and ignore him.”
Chen Ping barked at Su Wenzong and Gu Wentian!
Hearing Chen Ping say this, Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong were a little surprised but still nodded.
After chatting for a while longer, Chen Ping called Gu Ling’er aside alone!
“Ling’er, didn’t I say that I wouldn’t let you come?”
Chen Ping’s face was somewhat grim as he said.
“I …… I was afraid that you yourself would be in danger!”
Seeing that Chen Ping was angry, Gu Ling’er lowered her head and explained in a small voice!
“I’m telling you, when we get to Locked Dragon Island, you take Gu Gu and the others not to follow me, you will not only not help me if you follow me, you will also hold me back ……”
Chen Ping admonished Gu Ling’er very seriously!
Chen Ping knew that that Ning Zhi brought himself to Locked Dragon Island, there was definitely nothing good, if it was just him and something happened, he still had the ability to escape.
But now all of a sudden Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong had come, and all of these people had become a burden to Chen Ping!
When the time came, Ning Zhi would just grab one of them and threaten him, Chen Ping wouldn’t be able to sit back and do nothing.
Gu Ling’er nodded, she too felt that she had been a little reckless in coming along!
At this moment, in another room not far away, Ning Zhi was in a great mood!
“Hahahaha, it’s really God’s help, I didn’t expect to come across Chen Ping’s loved ones around here, this time, I’m not afraid that that Chen Ping won’t behave himself!”
Ning Zhi gently lifted his red wine and took a sip!
“Sir Ning, among these people, I think that woman is the most important to Chen Ping, when the time comes, if we control that woman, Chen Ping will be obedient!”
Northwest King Gu Kaiyuan said.
“Not bad, I can see that too, I didn’t expect that this boy Chen Ping is still a lover, there are women staying everywhere ……”
A few moments of jealousy flashed in Ning Zhi’s eyes, then continued, “We bring Chen Ping up to Locked Dragon Island, are you sure you can use that Chen Ping and lure the Inferno Dragon out?”