“Stop them, never let them escape ……”
That Elder Tu yelled, but he was unable to free his hands as he was entangled by the puppet!
The other Ghost Face Sect disciples, on the other hand, tried to make a move to stop them, but they were blocked by Chen Ping using the Demon Drawing Whip!
And as Chen Ping’s Illusory Origin Star kept flickering, a huge illusion formation appeared!
Although the illusion formation could not injure these Ghostface Sect disciples, it was able to block their movement!
For a while, the Ghost Face Sect disciples were all caught in an illusion formation, and there was no way to stop them!
Elder Yu and Zhu Ling led the people towards the Divine Volcano at great speed!
Zhu Ling looked back from time to time, obviously worried about Chen Ping!
Seeing that the time was almost right, Chen Ping violently beckoned the puppet back!
He didn’t want his puppet to be damaged, it would be troublesome if it hurt the Fire Essence Spirit, this kind of treasure was not something that could be obtained at any time!
The moment the puppets were recalled, Chen Ping then activated his Royal Fire Steps!
One could only see flames burning underneath their feet, and immediately after that, Chen Ping’s entire body seemed to disappear out of thin air, tearing through the void and instantly appearing several miles away!
The reason why Chen Ping dared to stay behind alone to fend off was because of the Fire Resisting Steps, it was his reliance, even if he could not defeat it, he could still escape!
Along with the burning of the supreme fire, Chen Ping’s Royal Fire Steps became more and more skilful, and the whole person jumped through space like an instantaneous movement!
That Ghost Face Sect’s Tu Elder, looking at Chen Ping’s spatial jumping march, his entire body was in a daze!
“What the …… f*ck kind of gong method is this?How could the speed be so fast?”
Elder Tu rubbed his eyes!
There was no way that he, as a Mahayana realm expert, could achieve this kind of speed, and even if he was even faster, he could see a wisp of residual shadow!
However, Chen Ping, could not see the appearance of the residual shadow at all, it was like disappearing in an instant and then instantly appearing in another place!
This kind of speed is not something that can be explained by just one fast!
In terms of Chen Ping’s speed alone, a fourth ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm was far beyond them, the experts of the Mahayana Realm!
Elder Tu fought to catch up, while some of those Ghost Face Sect disciples also broke through the illusion and chased towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled coldly, with this Fire-Resisting Step, he was not afraid at all, and could completely follow these people from the Ghost Face Sect around!
One could only see Chen Ping take out his Dragon Cutting Sword, followed by a flash of his body, violently appearing in front of those Ghost Face Sect disciples!
Then with a wave of the Dragon Slashing Sword, a golden sword aura cut through, tearing through the void.
Those Ghost Face Sect disciples, were simply too late to dodge, and they didn’t expect that Chen Ping, this fellow, would not flee, but would suddenly turn back and appear in front of them!
Accompanied by a few miserable screams, the hurried Ghostface Sect disciples were unexpectedly cut off by Chen Ping’s sword, and the bloody aura instantly filled the air!
Right after Chen Ping chopped out his sword, his body disappeared once again!
Seeing this scene, Elder Tu’s face turned red with anger as he hissed loudly, “You are Chen Ping, you still dare to deny it, today I must behead you.”
The moment Chen Ping took out his Dragon Beheading Sword, he had already understood that the other party would definitely be able to tell who he was!
However, Chen Ping didn’t care, after all, there were only people from the Ghost Face Sect here, and there were no people from the Purple Flame Sect!
At that time, no matter what the people of the Ghost Face Sect said, it was just a matter of not admitting it themselves!
After all, the Dragon Beheading Sword was Chen Ping’s Imperial Spirit Sword, and the moment he took out the Dragon Beheading Sword, Chen Ping also foreshadowed that his identity had been exposed!
“I am Chen Ping, what can you do to me?Foolish thing, you still want to take my head to claim credit from the Demon Sealing Alliance, don’t you know that the Demon Sealing Alliance is specialised in dealing with you devil cultivators?”
Chen Ping was purposely provoking Elder Tu, and in order to prevent this Elder Tu from going to work with the Demon Sealing Alliance.