The dirigible quickly headed towards Germanium Lu Mountain!
Before reaching the Germanium Lu Mountain, Chen Ping had Ji Yun put the blimp away!
After all, travelling in this fellow was a bit too flashy and would easily be targeted!
Putting away the blimp, Chen Ping brought Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu, while following the aura of the Divine Demon Battlefield exposed on the Germanium Lu Mountain to start looking for the entrance!
The entrance to the Divine Demon Battlefield was easy to find, after all, the place where the aura leaked out the most was definitely the entrance!
At a mountainside on Germanium Lu Mountain, a large cave appeared, and the aura of the Divine Demon Battlefield were all constantly pouring out from this cave!
“Mr Chen, the entrance has been found, that cave is ……”
Ji Yun was very excited and wanted to run towards that cave, but he was pulled back by Chen Ping!
“Don’t go over there for the time being, there are a lot of hidden scents around this cave, although these people are deliberately hiding themselves, I am still able to detect them!”
Chen Ping said as he looked around!
“Someone is hiding? Could it be that there are still people looking for this place?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked with some surprise!
After all, they were travelling on a blimp and flew directly over, their speed was definitely faster than others, and many people should not know that this was the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, and were probably treating it as some kind of relic!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, they wouldn’t have been able to find this place so quickly, and now there were even people faster than them!
“It is estimated that these people were looking for the entrance a long time ago, and now the reason why they are hiding is probably because they are waiting for something.”
Although Chen Ping did not know the identity of the hidden people, but these people had found the entrance but did not enter, they should be waiting for something!
“What are they waiting for?”Zhu Qingxiu asked!
Chen Ping shook his head, he also did not know, what the hidden people were waiting for!
“Mr Chen, then shall we not enter as well? If we keep waiting, I guess there will be more and more people behind us.”
Ji Yun said!
After Chen Ping pondered for a moment, a huge divine sense once again shrouded towards the surroundings, extending all the way to a hundred miles away before stopping!
Chen Ping had to figure out what exactly was around, if the other party’s strength was too high, Chen Ping would have to be a little more cautious before he could do so!
However, after some careful probing, the people hidden around did not seem to be particularly high in strength, Chen Ping could completely handle it, and only then did he let out a sigh of relief, and then walked towards that cave entrance!
However, just after walking to the entrance of the cave, Chen Ping directly froze, it turned out that there was even a formation seal at the entrance of the cave!
Although the formation was somewhat broken, causing the aura of the Divine Demon Battlefield to start leaking out, but in order to enter, the formation had to be broken!
Chen Ping now finally understood why all the people around him were hiding instead of entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, it turned out that these people simply could not break the formation!
“Surprisingly, there are still formations blocking it, no wonder they are all hiding and haven’t seen anyone enter.”
When Zhu Qingxiu saw the formation at the entrance of the cave, she also instantly understood, and then looked at Chen Ping and said, “You are a formation master, and the art of formation is very powerful, you can break this formation, right?”
Chen Ping took a careful look at it, then nodded and said, “It’s not a big problem if I forcefully break it, but it will consume too much of my spiritual energy, and after I forcefully break it, the people behind me will be able to enter at will!”
“Mr Chen, what if you don’t force it open and just crack this formation? That way we can go in, and the others won’t be able to!”
Ji Yun hurriedly said!
“I can crack it, but it will take time, and someone has to be by my side to guard the spell.”
“You two …………”
Before Chen Ping could finish his words, a sudden majestic aura descended from the sky!
Chen Ping’s face instantly changed, followed by the entire person looking into the void not far away!
Only to see the void tremble as several figures came from far and near ……