“Master, what’s wrong with you?”
Chen Ping asked cautiously!
But the old monk simply ignored Chen Ping and continued to cry to himself, which left Chen Ping somewhat speechless!
Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi watched the old monk cry for ten minutes before the old monk stopped crying!
“Master, you ……”
Chen Ping was about to open his mouth to ask, when the old monk spoke up!
“The Fire Burning Sect I mentioned is in the Celestial Realm, that’s why you guys haven’t heard of it, I never thought that in the blink of an eye, I would have left the Celestial Realm for more than ten years ……”
The old monk said with a sad face.
The old monk’s words instantly caused Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi to freeze.
“Master, you …… are from the Celestial Realm?”
Chen Ping was filled with incredulity, he didn’t think there would be people from the Celestial Realm down in this secular world!
The old monk nodded “For so many years, I still thought I was living in the Celestial Realm, but I didn’t expect to have left the Celestial Realm many years ago.”
“Grandmaster, could it be that when you come from the Celestial Human Realm to the Secular Realm, you will not be suppressed by the laws of Heaven and Earth?”
Chen Ping was wondering, was this old monk not afraid of the suppression of the laws of heaven and earth, just like himself?
“How can I not be suppressed by the laws of heaven and earth, but in order to stay alive, I can only do so, now that more than ten years have pa*sed, under the suppression of the laws of heaven and earth, my strength has regressed a lot!”
“However, my weapon refining skills are not suppressed, so it’s still easy to repair a weapon.”
The old monk said indifferently.
“Master, what exactly has happened? What made you come from the Celestial Realm to the Secular Realm at the expense of being suppressed by the laws of Heaven and Earth?”
Chen Ping was curious as to why this old monk had left the Celestial Human Realm!
One must know that in the eyes of these cultivators in the Secular Realm, the Celestial Human Realm was a paradise, a place to dream of!
“Ai, it’s a long story ……”
The old monk sighed, and then narrated the story!
Chen Ping and Hu Pazi listened quietly, and only then did they understand what was going on!
This old monk was not originally a monk, but a master smith of the Weapon Refining Sect, named Iron Hammer.
Because the Weapon Refining Sect was most famous for creating divine weapons, it was targeted by the Fire Burning Sect!
The Fire Burning Sect asked the Weaponry Refining Sect for help in creating weapons, but because the Fire Burning Sect was an evil cultivator, the Weaponry Refining Sect did not comply, so they were exterminated and the Weaponry Refining Sect Master was arrested!
Master Iron Hammer escaped with the Weaponry Making Secrets of the Weaponry Making Sect and was hunted down by the Fire Burning Sect’s men!
Desperate, Master Iron Hammer could only tear through space and time and flee to the secular world, he would rather suffer the suppression of the laws of heaven and earth than be captured by the Fire Burning Sect!
The people of the Fire Burning Sect were afraid of the Laws of Heaven and Earth, so they didn’t pursue him, which allowed Master Iron Hammer to escape!
But Master Iron Hammer could only wander in the mundane world, and later became a monk at Ling Yin Temple, and then because of the ruin of Ling Yin Temple, he lived a life of indefinite residence again!
But he never gave up trying to save his patriarch, which is why when Chen Ping and the others came looking for Master Iron Hammer, Master Iron Hammer made it a condition that he would save his people!
As Chen Ping listened to Master Ironhammer, he realised that the Celestial Realm was no earthly fairyland at all, and was also full of deceit and killing everywhere!
So it seemed that this Iron Hammer Master was quite pitiful, being all alone and wandering in the worldly realm for so many years!
After Chen Ping and Pocky Hu heard this, the two of them did not speak for a long time!
After a long while, Master Iron Hammer let out a long breath, then squeezed out a smile and said, “Seeing that you two are listening to me so carefully, I don’t want any more conditions, with your skills, there is no way to save people from the Fire Burning Sect.”
“What weapons do you want to repair, just bring them out, I’ll finish repairing them for you, and I’ll leave this place too.”