At that moment, a Skywolf Sect cultivator felt dizzy after entering the white mist, and then he realised that the white mist in front of him slowly disappeared!
Only to see a girl with a shapely figure, dressed in a very revealing outfit, and carrying a flower basket in her hand walking with a smile on her face!
Seeing the girl, this Skywolf Sect cultivator instantly grinned!
“Beautiful girl, beautiful girl quickly find brother to come, brother properly let you enjoy ……”
The cultivator ran towards the girl impatiently!
And at this moment, Luo Xi saw a Skywolf Sect cultivator, his eyes full of bathos, running towards him with a halo in his eyes!
Looking at that there wasn’t a hint of defence, and he was undressing as he ran!
Luo Xi knew that this Tian Lang Sect cultivator must have been caught in an illusionary formation and got lost in it!
Looking at the lustful cultivator in front of him, Luo Xi’s anger intensified!
Then he raised his sword and stabbed over!
Pfft …………
The Heavenly Wolf Sect cultivator froze as the intense pain caused him to come to his senses.
After he saw a long sword stabbed into his chest, his entire eyes were filled with incredulity!
The Heavenly Wolf Sect cultivator’s eyes widened as he looked at Luo Xi in shock, he obviously recognised Luo Xi as well, only to be unable to say a word!
Fresh blood kept rushing out of his mouth!
This Heavenly Wolf Sect cultivator, desperately raised his hand, wanting to grab Luo Xi, only that his body’s strength was rapidly draining away, and he couldn’t even lift his hand!
Luo Xi gritted his teeth and violently pulled out his longsword, followed by a smooth chop!
That Skywolf Sect cultivator was directly chopped off his head!
The head flew out a long way, and the body directly collapsed onto the ground, even the life soul disappearing together.
Luo Xi looked coldly at the corpse of that Skywolf Sect cultivator, his eyes filled with abhorrence and killing intent!
Luo Xi carried his sword and continued to start the hunt!
As for Chen Ping, he was not idle either, holding the Dragon Slashing Sword and using the Illusion Formation to begin the hunt!
Chen Ping knew that the Illusion Formation could not trap these people all the time, and had to take advantage of the fact that the other party did not know about the existence of the Illusion Formation to kill as many people as possible!
If the other party was prepared, it was feared that the illusion formation would not be as effective!
And at this moment, not long after the middle-aged man in green entered the white mist, his expression suddenly condensed as he discovered the oddity in the white mist!
“Illusion Formation, I didn’t expect there to be an illusion formation outside of the formation, it seems that the other party is an expert in formations ……”
The green-clothed middle-aged man frowned as a cold aura emanated from his eyes!
As the eldest senior brother of the Skywolf Sect, of course he had to have some real skills!
“All senior brothers listen, we have fallen into an illusionary formation, we must all concentrate and not be affected.”
The green-clothed middle-aged man sank his Qi into his dantian, then roared loudly.
Within this roar, it carried a burst of clearing power, causing everyone to have a burst of spirit and wake up from the illusionary realm!
When Chen Ping heard this green-clothed middle-aged man’s roar, his eyes slightly condensed, it seemed that this fellow had some tricks up his sleeve.
He had discovered the illusion formation so quickly, and he could also use sound waves to make everyone awake!
At this moment, Luo Xi was raising his sword and stabbing towards one of the Tian Lang Sect cultivators, but the sound of the green-clothed middle-aged man caused the Tian Lang Sect cultivator to instantly wake up!
Seeing Luo Xi holding a longsword and looking to stab at himself, that Sky Wolf Sect cultivator violently retreated backwards and managed to dodge Luo Xi’s sword!
But before that Heavenly Wolf Sect cultivator could be happy, a sword came from behind him and directly pierced through his body!
Seeing this, Luo Xi took a step forward and chopped off the Sky Wolf Sect cultivator’s head!
It turned out that the person who had pierced this Skywolf Sect cultivator from behind was Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, these people have recognised the illusion formation, what should we do?”
Luo Xi asked.
“It’s fine, let’s return to the formation first, even if they recognise the illusion formation, they won’t be able to charge in for a short period of time, I’m using these ancient weapons to lay down a spell formation, it will be much more powerful.”
Chen Ping called Luo Xi back to the centre of the formation!