After saying that, Hong San forced himself to leave Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, and his entire body returned to that green stone platform!
Feeling the flame breath of the surrounding treasures, Hong San’s face looked much better!
However, along with Hong San reaching out his hand, those colourful treasures around him slowly dissipated, finally turning into an illusory seal!
“Divine Flame Seal, is this the Divine Flame Seal?”
Chen Ping looked at what was in front of him and was instantly surprised!
He did not expect that the Divine Flame Seal would be here!
Only, this Divine Flame Seal looked very illusory, like a projection, not a physical object!
“This is the Divine Flame Seal, and it is not the Divine Flame Seal ……”
Hong San slowly said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was filled with confusion, not knowing what this Hong San was saying!
Yes is, no is not, how is it still also is not, engage in what dumb riddle ah!
If it wasn’t for the fact that Hong San had just passed on Chen Ping’s Bi Life Technique, Chen Ping would probably be cursing!
“This is the seal soul of the Divine Flame Seal, that’s why it’s said to be the Divine Flame Seal, and it’s not the Divine Flame Seal anymore.”
Hong San could see Chen Ping’s urge to curse, so he hurriedly explained!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood that some of the things that cultivators wore around them all year round would produce artefact spirits after a long time!
Just like his own Dragon Chopper Sword, which possessed a Sword Spirit within it!
This Divine Flame Seal was left behind by the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign, and with the strength of the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign, it was only normal that the seal he carried on his body possessed a seal soul, and opened up a spirit!
In this way, the seal soul has always been here, and that Divine Flame Seal that Huo Yuan Ting and the others were looking for was just an empty shell!
But an empty shell that could still aid in cultivation and allow the fusion of the Supreme Flame, it had to be something that the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign had left behind, and it was all still a treasure!
As soon as he thought that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch followed the Fire Spirit Star Monarch as a person of equal status realm, Chen Ping then excitedly said to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, “Demon Monarch, this Fire Spirit Star Monarch left behind so many treasures in the Celestial Realm, and they are all more than awesome one by one, didn’t you leave behind any treasures?”
“Tell me now, I’ll go look for them and see if your treasures are stronger than the Fire Spirit Star Monarch’s!”
Hearing Chen Ping follow him to ask for treasures, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch couldn’t help but roll his eyes and say, “I lost my life in the Celestial Realm, isn’t that enough? And left behind a bullsh*t treasure.”
“Could it be that this wisp of my divine soul is still no better than that Fire Spirit Star Monarch’s bullsh*t treasure?”
“If that’s the case, then I’ll leave you alone, anyway, this place can have let me move around freely without a bit of suppression, and I’ll be here quietly waiting for my destiny!”
Saying that, that Red Cloud Demon Monarch even played a childish tantrum and wanted to leave from Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly apologised, “Senior, I just casually asked, why are you still in a hurry, just stay in my sea of consciousness and I won’t charge you anything.”
“And I will definitely help you collect the complete corpse and revive you, I’m sure I’ll be able to do it!”
Chen Ping wouldn’t let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch leave himself, having this fellow in his sea of consciousness would be like having an extra encyclopaedia ah!
Things in the Heavenly Realm, and some treasures that he didn’t understand, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch knew about all of them!
What’s more, with the Red Cloud Demon Monarch around, Chen Ping could cast the Heavenly Underworld Eyes anytime, anywhere, how cool is that!
“You kid, you are insatiable, be careful of being greedy and chewing too much, give you so many treasures, can you play with them?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch finished speaking and turned his head to ignore Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, this is a few thousand years old devil, still following the same as a child, making small temperament ……
Chen Ping did not notice that just as he was talking after the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Hong San was smiling and slowly closing his eyes!
That wisp of residual soul, was slowly dissipating away!
Without the support of the Flame Qi, and since Hong San had passed on his life’s work to Chen Ping, it was impossible for his remnant soul to be in existence!