The entrance to the Spiritual Beast Valley!
Several cultivators were slowly walking towards the Spirit Beast Valley!
One of them, a man and a woman, were walking at the front of the group!
“Brother, why do you think that Elder Fei betrayed?It’s causing Master to be anxious right now, he must catch that Elder Fei to deliver the message.”
“Elder Chu of the Demon Sealing Alliance has already given his word, if he can’t catch that Elder Fei, he’ll let all of us from the Soulless Hall die!”
The woman wearing a black dress asked the man in black beside her!
“I don’t know, now we can only hope for the Spirit Beast Valley’s Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, I heard that the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast is very sensitive to scent, hopefully we can find that Elder Fei, or else our Soulless Hall is really going to suffer.”
The man in black sighed and said!
“Stop, who are you people?”
Just as these few Demon Cultivators from the Soulless Hall walked to the entrance of the valley, they were suddenly stopped by the people from the Spirit Beast Valley!
“Both of you, we’re from the Soulless Hall, we’ve specially come over to pay a visit and would like to purchase some spirit beasts!”
The man in black very politely stepped forward and said!
The guards took a glance and then said, “Wait a moment ……”
After saying that, the guard went to report!
Spirit Beast Valley also does business, and also sells spirit beasts to some demonic cultivators or human cultivators, after all, wanting to tame a spirit beast, it is very difficult!
So Spirit Beast Valley did this kind of business, it could earn Spirit Beast Valley a lot of resources, and being a beast race, it would be much easier for them to tame the beasts!
At this moment, Elder Zong was in the cave, looking at the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, when the guards hurriedly came to report!
“Elder Zong, there are people from the Soulless Hall, saying that they are here to buy spirit beasts.”
The guard said!
“From the Soulless Hall?”Elder Zong frowned slightly, “Are they demonic cultivators?It seems like I haven’t heard of this clan ah.”
“It’s a devil cultivator, probably not from our Southern Region!”
The guard said!
“Go invite the people in, the visitor is a guest.”
Elder Zong said!
In this part of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, demonic cultivators wouldn’t be targeted, so Elder Zong didn’t have anything to be wary of regarding these demonic cultivators!
Soon, the few devil cultivators from the Soulless Hall were led to Elder Zong!
The black-clothed man spoke directly, “We are from the Soulless Hall, and have come to your Spirit Beast Valley in order to purchase a spirit beast.”
“Fellow Daoists, what kind of spirit beast do you want to buy, as long as our Spirit Beast Valley has it, we sell it!”
Elder Zong said!
“Spirit Rhinoceros Beast ……”
The man in black spoke indifferently!
“Spirit Rhinoceros Beast?”
When Elder Zong heard this, his brows furrowed!
The Spiritual Rhinoceros Beasts had all died, and now there was only one big and one small one left, so how could they be sold!
Elder Zong didn’t expect how the Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts suddenly became all wanted today!
“This fellow Daoist, I’m really sorry, our Spirit Beast Valley’s Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts can’t be sold!”
Elder Zong said very apologetically!
The black-clothed man’s face turned slightly cold, “What, are you guys afraid that we can’t afford to pay the price?”
“That’s not true, it’s just that our Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts have recently died on a large scale, and now there’s only one big and one small one left, there’s no way to sell them.”
Elder Zong spoke the truth!
“Isn’t there two left, why can’t we sell one to us?”
The man in black was very unhappy!
“Although we have two, someone has already come early and needs a Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, so a few of you can only return without any success, I’m really sorry!”
Elder Zong said politely!
After all, these few Demon Cultivators of the Soulless Hall were not weak, and Elder Zong didn’t want to think about conflict!
“Why are you this person like this?We can pay double the price and sell that Spirit Rhinoceros Beast to us ……”
The woman in black also roared with dissatisfaction!
“Fellow Daoist, I’m really sorry, we ……”
Before Elder Zong finished his sentence, the man in black then opened his mouth, “Since you guys are not selling it, then it’s always okay for us to take a look at the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, I’ve always heard that this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast is exceptionally sensitive to scent, and we’d love to meet it!”
Elder Zong didn’t want to agree, but seeing that the other party definitely wouldn’t stop until they agreed, he took them to see the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast!