It’s just that many strong martial artists don’t care about this kind of competition for fame and profit and are focused on cultivation.
Otherwise, if Gu Kaiyuan could sit at the top of the Northwest, then the entire Northwest martial arts community would be too weak.
“Don’t you believe it, I heard that the northwest king has practiced the divine function to fly into the sky, just like the gods, anyway, I have never seen ……”
The driver said mysteriously.
Chen Ping just laughed, for ordinary people, the eighth grade strength of the martial arts clan, and indeed can be called immortal.
“Master, then do you know where Gu Kaiyuan lives?”
Chen Ping asked.
“In the west of the city, there is a manor of thousands of acres, that is his family’s place, but if you don’t have an invitation, don’t end up going there, when you can’t get in, not to mention that you might even get beaten up, to see the King of the Northwest, you have to make an appointment in advance.”
The driver master reminded to Chen Ping.
“Master, thank you ah, I just casually ask, I do not know him, what to do there ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Just as the driver was leading Chen Ping and the others towards the hotel, on a rather isolated road, a black car suddenly came out from behind!
The taxi driver was shocked and hurriedly got out to check.
When he saw that the other driver was driving a BMW, the driver’s face turned pale.
“Are you f*cking blind? How can you drive a car?”
Two men got out of the black BMW and cursed at the taxi driver!
“Two, sorry, it was you who suddenly rushed out, I didn’t have time to brake ……”
The driver hurriedly apologized to the two men.
Only one of them wouldn’t relent and pushed the taxi driver, while the two one was not making a sound as he surveyed Chen Ping inside the taxi!
Although Chen Ping was sitting in the car, he had already noticed the guys who were secretly sizing him up, and the two men were faintly emitting a martial artist aura.
These two men were already deliberately hiding their aura, but Chen Ping could still detect it.
“Both of you, I’m in a hurry, isn’t it just a bit of car rubbing, how much does it cost, I’ll just pay you guys back ……”
Chen Ping opened the car door at this time and walked down.
One of them looked Chen Ping up and down, while Chen Ping deliberately showed a little bit of his body breath.
It was obvious that both men’s faces changed slightly, but they quickly recovered.
“I’ll pay at least three thousand …… for this car to be repaired.”
One of them said.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything and directly took out three thousand from his pocket and handed it over.
“Master driver, let’s go, I’m in a hurry to get some rest ……”
Chen Ping said to the taxi driver.
The taxi driver did not dare to move until the other party waved his hand impatiently, “Let’s go, let’s go ……”
The taxi driver, as if he had been pardoned, hurriedly got into his car and drove away.
“Buddy, thank you so much, if it wasn’t for you, I would have been out of luck, you don’t know, these two guys are from the Gu family.”
The taxi driver said.
“People from the Valley family? How do you know that?”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, not understanding how the taxi driver knew that.
After all, the taxi driver was just an ordinary person, it was impossible for him to sense the aura of martial artists on the two people.
“I saw it right away, although they deliberately covered up the tattoos on their arms, but I saw it as soon as I got out of the car, this group of people from the Gu family can’t afford to mess with ……”
The taxi driver was scared for a while.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but he was a bit puzzled, what were these two people from the Valley family doing following him?
It was obvious that the other party was deliberately cutting the car up and then observing the situation inside the car.
Could it be that Gu Kaiyuan knew he was coming?
But no matter whether that Gu Kaiyuan knew or not, Chen Ping was not afraid, what he was afraid of was that Gu Kaiyuan knew he was coming and was sneaking away.