At this moment, Pocky Hu was even more determined in his belief that no matter what, he would follow Chen Ping and make good relations!
Perhaps in the near future, Chen Ping would be the brightest star in the martial arts world and even the immortal cultivation world!
“What other skills do you have? Go ahead and use it!”
Chen Ping had disdain in his eyes, and the corners of his mouth rose slightly, his mocking intent very obvious.
Zhou Tianyin was furious, he had been obsessed with martial arts all his life, but he didn’t want to be treated so contemptuously today by a kid who hadn’t even grown up!
“You don’t need to be complacent, today I’ll show you how powerful I am ……”
“Soul-Severing Palm!”
With that said, Zhou Tianyin let out an explosive cry, followed by his body seemingly being enveloped in a cloud of black smoke!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that this guy would use his evil kung fu again.
He saw that Zhou Tianyin’s hands instantly became pitch black and looked like a stern ghost, horrifying!
Soul Breaking Palm, powerful, one palm breaks the soul ……
Zhou Tianyin knew that Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body was very strong, so he intended to use poison and attack from within Chen Ping’s body!
Facing this Soul-Severing Palm of Zhou Tianyin, Chen Ping’s face remained ancient, but the terrifying spiritual power of his body also exploded out.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping also slapped out a palm!
Boom!
The two people’s palm winds instantly clashed together.
“Kid, this is my Soul Breaking Palm, you still dare to fight me hard, in a moment I will let you know what life is worse than death ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping actually dared to follow his Soul Breaking Palm with a hard clash, Zhou Tianyin could not help but hook a smile!
But soon, Zhou Tianyin’s smile froze on his face!
He found that Chen Ping’s palm seemed to be ordinary, but it contained an incomparably domineering triple force!
And one was even stronger than the other!
The first one instantly cancelled out the palm force of Zhou Tian Yin.
In the second, the poisonous Qi within the Soul-Severing Palm was directly forced back.
The third one, the poisonous Qi, was directly pushed back into Zhou Tianyin’s body, instantly corroding his heart and veins.
Boom!
Zhou Tianyin’s body was instantly knocked out, and his body was so black that even his face was black.
Poof …………
Zhou Tianyin spat out a mouthful of black blood.
“You …… you …………”
Zhou Tianyin’s eyes were filled with surprise as he pointed at Chen Ping.
He suddenly realized that he had no power to fight back in front of Chen Ping.
This sudden gap made Zhou Tianyin unable to accept it at all.
A person who had easily hung on a few days ago had beaten himself without a fighting chance just a few days later, such a result would be hard for anyone to accept.
“You evil cultivator, I will make you eat your own fruit ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Master ……”
Those Zhou family underlings also panicked and hurriedly gathered around.
Zhou Tianyin stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, the anger in his eyes burning brightly.
“Chen Ping, this Soul-Severing Palm was practiced by me, do you think the poison of the Soul-Severing Palm will be able to kill me?”
As Zhou Tianyin finished speaking, a red light flashed above his palms!
Surprisingly, he ruthlessly slapped towards his abdomen!
Boom, boom, boom ……
Three palms were slapped out in a row, followed by a mouthful of black blood being spat out.
Seeing that Zhou Tianyin had forced the poison out by himself, it was a bit surprising to Chen Ping.
“Since the poison doesn’t kill you, I will kill you, one move, I only need one move to take your dog’s life ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zhou Tianyin and said with an awe-inspiring expression!
“Bullsh*t, you are also too arrogant, I would like to see how you can kill me in one move ……”
Zhou Tianyin cursed angrily, followed by a fierce bite on the tip of his tongue, and instantly spurted out a mouthful of essence blood from his mouth!
“Volleying Mountains overturning the Sea ……”
Zhou Tianyin twisted his body and sat on his waist as he launched his palm out violently!
Rumble ……
The ground actually cracked instantly, followed by countless chaotic rocks mixed with fierce force crushing towards Chen Ping.
It was like a tsunami, destroying everything in front of him!
The unparalleled power seemed to crush Chen Ping to pieces!
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly before his right hand flipped outwards and his five fingers opened, “I have a sword that can cut down everything under the sky ……”