Seeing this, Zhu Qingyue only knew how to shed tears, but she didn’t say a word!
“What the hell is going on here?”
Chen Ping was filled with surprise, not understanding what was going on here.
“Mr Chen, thank you for rescuing me, and for taking care of me these past few days, but if you take the young lady back to the Western Region, don’t blame me for being impolite.”
“Right now the young lady concerns the survival of our entire family, she must go back with me before she can ……”
The old man was helpless as he followed Chen Ping!
“What exactly is happening, tell me clearly, maybe I can still help you guys!”
Chen Ping couldn’t figure out what in the world was going on that still caused the family to survive?
Zhu Qing Yue was only a female cultivator at the peak of the Harmonisation Realm, not even at the Transition Realm, could she sway the survival of the family?
The old man looked at Zhu Qing Yue and sighed helplessly, “Miss, it’s better for you to personally follow Mr Chen and say it ……”
After saying that, the old man turned around and left, able to see out that as long as Zhu Qing Yue dared to go back to the Western Region, the old man would definitely not live alone!
Chen Ping looked towards Zhu Qing Yue, at this time, Zhu Qing Yue’s face had long been full of tears, after calming down her emotions, then she said to Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, in fact, I’m not from the Western Domain, I’m from the Eastern Domain, from the Eastern Domain Zhu Jia Town.”
“My father was the Zhen Fu Shi of the entire Zhu Jia Town, only that my father betrothed me to Qi Heng of the next door Qi Jia Town, and I didn’t like him at all, so I secretly escaped and fled all the way to the Western Region.”
“I met Ah Feng in the Western Region, but I didn’t know at the time that he was the prince of the Xiao Dynasty, and he didn’t know my identity or name, only that I was called Ah Zhu.”
“The two of us fell in love and got together, but we were discovered by Emperor Xiao and forcibly split us up, and it was only then that I learnt of Ah Fung’s identity as Emperor Xiao’s son.”
“I had no one to turn to in the Western Region and after many years, I felt that that Qi Heng should have found a dual cultivation partner long ago, so I contacted my family.”
“Uncle Liu brought dozens of people to pick me up, but as a result, we encountered the people from the Blood and Bone Sect, and we became prisoners, and many of the Zhujia Town’s children all died tragically, leaving only me to follow Uncle Liu.”
“After following Liu Bo for this period of time, I realised that that Qi Heng didn’t look for a new dual cultivation partner, but rather used this matter to blackmail my father into sending a large amount of resources to their Qi family town every year.”
“And also put out the word that if he can’t bring me back before he can, he will annex our Qi Family Town and drive out all the Qi Family Town children ……”
“Although the Eastern Region is vast, a large area is a vast sea, and the resources are pitifully small, and the demonic beasts are rampant and the environment is incomparably harsh.”
“If they are really driven away, then the many sons and daughters of Qi Family Town are afraid that it will be very difficult to survive ……”
Zhu Qingyue said and cried bitterly once again!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly recalled that the Piercing Cloud Sect in that Eastern Domain had actually run to the Northern Domain Boundary and followed the Ji Yun Family to grab business, thus showing that that Eastern Domain was indeed not very good for survival!
There was also the Western Region’s Apothecary Assembly, and although the Eastern Region’s Apothecary Association also came, but the general strength was on the low side, which could also represent the local resource situation!
It seems that in the entire Celestial Realm, the Western Domain, the Southern Domain including the Central Domain are still considered to be places with good resources!
Especially in the Southern Region, having such a rich place in terms of resources as the Heavenly Demon Mountain did allow many sects in the Southern Region to develop very quickly, coupled with the fact that there were many demonic cultivation sects in the Southern Region, and that the Demon Sealing Alliance’s power in the Southern Region was low, it also allowed for more fights in the Southern Region!
This was also the reason why sects like the Blood and Bone Sect chose to be in the Southern Domain, after all, the Southern Domain was rich in resources, but the composition of the people was very complex!
The Northern Domain was also not bad, but the large swathe of the Northern Domain’s extremely cold land, that was also a place where survival was difficult and there were few resources!
As for the Eastern Domain, Chen Ping knew very little about it, but by the looks of it, the Eastern Domain was even more barren!