“Senior brother, Mr. Chen’s strength has long since reached the level of Inner Strength Master, I am simply no match for him ……”
Wu Xi lowered his voice and said, supposedly afraid that Chen Ping next door would hear him.
“Bullsh*t Patriarch, do you think it’s that easy to reach Inner Strength Patriarch? Don’t be fooled by someone and not know it yourself, I think that kid just wants to get the championship and is deliberately fooling you!”
Huo Shan spat fiercely and said.
“Master brother, it’s true, Mr. Chen he …………”
“Alright, all of you, get out of here, I’m going to rest!”
Before Wu Xi could finish his words, Gao Baisheng bellowed angrily and told everyone to get out!
Next door, Chen Ping smiled coldly, standing at the window, looking at the traffic on the road outside the window, among the seemingly ordinary and hurried crowd, there were strong Inner Strength practitioners hidden everywhere, today in Tianfeng Town, I’m afraid that the entire Jiangnan and Jiangbei Inner Strength practitioners are at their highest!
As the sky darkened, Wu Xi knocked on the door of his room and called Chen Ping to the hall for dinner!
Because the hall was full, there were no private rooms available, so Chen Ping and the others could only eat at a table in the corner of the hall, and at this time of the day, they were happy to have a table to eat at, as there were many people waiting in line behind them!
Wu Xi was busy, preparing tableware for Chen Ping and Gao Baisheng, then ordering and serving food, after all, there were too many people for the waiters to handle!
Chen Ping kept sitting still, which made both Wu Xi’s master and his two senior brothers look unhappy!
“Senior brother, you’re not a waiter, sit down and wait for me!”
Huo Shan said coldly to Wu Xi.
“Senior Brother, it will be ready soon!” Wu Xi said, taking some napkins and placing them next to Chen Ping: “Mr. Chen, the napkins are here for you!”
Chen Ping nodded, “Sit down, there’s no need to be busy, just wait a little longer!”
Wu Xi sat down next to Chen Ping and soon the food was served and everyone started to eat!
There were many people inside the hall, and they were all martial artists, so they were all talking loudly!
“Have you heard that a young master has emerged from Jiangbei, in his twenties, he killed the Jiang family head in public!”
“I’ve heard about it for a long time, but that Jiang Zhengzhong was only killed by that young man after his internal energy dried up after two battles, so this is just a way to pick up a bargain!”
“Anyway, I really don’t want to meet him at this year’s Martial Arts Gathering, or else I’ll have another tough opponent!”
All the people’s comments reached Chen Ping’s ears, but Chen Ping just acted as if he hadn’t heard them!
“Wu Xi, your family is from the provincial capital, have you heard about this?”
Gao Baisheng asked to Wu Xi.
Of course Wu Xi knew about this matter, and the person in question was right in front of him, but when Wu Xi was about to say something, he saw Chen Ping giving him a wink, so Wu Xi said, “I heard about it, it seems like there is such a thing!”
“Humph, that Jiang Zhengzhong boasts of his high strength, but in the end, he died tragically at the hands of a young man, but I don’t believe that person could really kill Jiang Zhengzhong, he must have just taken advantage of someone’s weakness!”
Huo Shan snorted coldly.
“Jiang Zhengzhong is also considered a lord, but he died just like that!” Gao Baisheng shook his head slightly!
Chen Ping bowed his head and ate his meal, ignoring the few people chatting about themselves!
That Huo Shan saw that Chen Ping just kept his head down and ate by himself, the dishes were all taken away by himself, he was instantly enraged, just as Chen Ping was about to eat again, Huo Shan fiercely used his chopsticks to block in front of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was stunned, but ignored it and tried to pick up other dishes instead, but that Huo Shan wouldn’t relent, he blocked whichever dish Chen Ping picked up!
“Senior brother, what are you doing?”
Seeing this, Wu Xi’s face was shocked and he hurriedly turned to Huo Shan!