“Mr Chen, if you have any use for me Ochre Amazing, I will die by all means.”
“Can you send me some sound transmission jade slips, so that I can contact you when something happens!”
Ochre Yan said after Chen Ping!
After all, things like voice transmission jade slips were rare in the eyes of others, but in Chen Ping’s eyes, they were worthless!
He could have refined a lot of voice transmission jade slips with his hands!
“No problem!” Chen Ping casually took out a dozen or so sound transmission jade slips from that storage ring and handed them over to Ochre Yan!
Ochre Yan smilingly put away the sound transmission jade slips!
Seeing this scene, Patriarch Jiang as well as Elder Xia, they all froze!
It was important to know that this Voice Transmission Jade Simple was the most convenient means of communication in the Celestial Realm, only that it was too expensive and not something that ordinary cultivators could use!
But Chen Ping took out a dozen or so Voice Transmission Jade Slips at once and gave them away casually, as if they were worthless!
“Mr Chen, this …… this sound transmission jade slip is very expensive, how do you have so many of them?”
Patriarch Jiang asked in shock!
If Jiang Yulian and the girls were being chased and killed at that time, if they had a voice transmission jade slip later on, they could have notified Patriarch Jiang at the first opportunity to bring people to rescue them!
Only they didn’t have a voice transmission jade slip, not to mention them, even the entire Soul Demon Sect didn’t have a voice transmission jade slip ah!
“I have a lot of these, if Patriarch Jiang likes them, I’ll give you some as well!”
Chen Ping said as he pulled out another dozen or so Voice Transmission Jade Slips and handed them over to Patriarch Jiang!
Patriarch Jiang was dumbfounded as he held the voice transmission jade slips!
Elder Xia and Elder Sun were also looking on in shock, they were confused as to how Chen Ping came by so many sound transmission jade slips.
“Mr Chen, I wonder if I can give me a few of them, I don’t want them for nothing, your spending at the Wan Tong Pavilion, and the cost of taking the blimp, everything is free.”
“And you take my token, you can pass for free in the Wan Tong Pavilion, as long as my Wan Tong Pavilion can reach the place, you can go!”
Elder Xia tentatively asked after Chen Ping!
“Of course you can, I have plenty of this!”
Chen Ping directly gave Elder Xia a dozen or so sound transmission jade slips.
Elder Sun on the side was licking his lips, his eyes filled with envy!
If he had this thing, in the future, when he ran outside, he could always follow his family’s contact!
After all, Elder Sun spent a lot of time running outside, and it was troublesome to communicate with home!
But with a sound transmission jade slip, he would be able to contact anytime, anywhere!
Looking at Elder Sun’s appearance, Chen Ping smiled and directly took out a dozen or so Voice Transmission Jade Slips and said, “Elder Sun, I have to trouble you to take care of me along the way, so this Voice Transmission Jade Slip will be given to you!”
Elder Sun was instantly happy, holding the sound transmission jade slip and nodded desperately, “Mr Chen don’t worry, I will arrange for you to have a first class cabin with a room, you have a separate room for yourself!”
“Mr Chen, how in the world did you …… get so many sound transmission jade slips? To know that this thing can be refined by not many people, and expensive ah!”
Patriarch Jiang asked in disbelief!
“Patriarch Jiang, Mr Chen is a talisman master, not to mention a low level talisman like the Voice Transmission Jade Slip, even if it’s a high level talisman, Mr Chen can easily refine it.”
Ochre Yan said with a smile!
“What?”
Patriarch Jiang froze!
One had to know that talisman masters, array masters including pill masters of this kind, were rare in the Celestial Realm!
But he didn’t expect that Chen Ping would have all of these things in one, not only was he a formation master, but the medicine master was even a rune master!
This was too outrageous, wasn’t it?
Moreover, Chen Ping’s cultivation of the third rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm was not the least bit afraid of the seventh rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm, and this kind of overstepping the bounds of the realm of celestial beings was something that rarely appeared in the Celestial Realm!
In that case, Chen Ping was a genius among geniuses!
Elder Xia was also surprised, he had seen Chen Ping recognise the Ten Thousand Souls Formation with his own eyes, and had broken the formation to save his daughter’s soul!
Now that Chen Ping was still a talisman master, it was simply too shocking!