“Alright, I promise you, but let’s say the ugly words up front, if you get infested with a demonic soul and become demented, it has nothing to do with me.”
The old Sect Master said!
“Don’t worry, I won’t be looking for your back score.”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, he then reached out and struck out a breath!
After this breath touched the black aura that surrounded the old Sect Master’s body, that black aura instantly became hideous!
And at this moment, the old Sect Master’s eyes were instantly lifeless, and his entire mind was controlled by the demonic soul!
Chen Ping gently put his hand on top of the old Sect Master’s head, wanting to let that black qi enter his body!
However, as if that black qi knew something, it did not enter Chen Ping’s body and attack Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, but instead, it exuded a corrosive and turbid qi that began to erode Chen Ping’s body!
This was to erode Chen Ping’s body, leaving Chen Ping without a physical body!
Only Chen Ping’s flesh had been tempered many times, and it had also been tempered with the Supreme Fire!
This turbid Qi could not shake Chen Ping’s fleshly body at all!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then operated his Concentration Technique and began to emit a huge suction force, absorbing the demonic souls within the main body of the old gate!
Feeling the enormous suction force, the demonic soul then struggled desperately.
“Kid, do you want to die? I’m not afraid of you if I don’t enter your body, but it’s my mission to control this old guy.”
“If you don’t want to die, get lost right now and don’t piss me off!”
That demonic soul, through the mouth of the old sect master, coldly threatened Chen Ping!
“I pooh pooh, you are just afraid of me, are you afraid that after entering my sea of consciousness, you will be imprisoned by me and then beaten up so much that you will cry out for your father?”
Chen Ping laughed coldly, continuously provoking this demonic soul to enter his sea of consciousness!
“You fart, a mere fourth rank of the Transition Realm, how could I be afraid of you.”
The demonic soul was somewhat enraged, its voice was somewhat furious!
“Since you’re not afraid of me, then invade my sea of consciousness and the two of us will compete.”
“I don’t think you dare at all, you’ll only bully the old man, every kind of guy!”
Chen Ping still stimulated the Demonic Soul!
“Ah, brat, I’ll kill you first, before continuing to control this old guy!”
The Devil Soul was enraged, and then a strand of Devil Qi, like a sharp blade, rushed into Chen Ping’s body!
Just after entering the body, it went straight towards Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
As long as Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was controlled, then Chen Ping would be the living dead, and would die however he wanted Chen Ping to die!
Only, when the demonic soul just entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, it instantly regretted it!
Only to see the Red Cloud Demon Monarch crossing his legs, was sitting in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, waiting with a cold smile on his face for the demon soul to enter!
At the same time, in the space above Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, a Dala Golden Dictionary that shimmered with golden light sent shivers down the spine of this demonic soul!
He realised that although Chen Ping was only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, his Sea of Consciousness was incomparably vast, and there was even a soul surviving in the Sea of Consciousness!
The moment the demonic soul left the old Sect Master’s body, the old Sect Master instantly came to his senses, followed by quickly closing his Sea of Consciousness to prevent the demonic soul from invading again!
At the same time, the old Sect Master looked towards Chen Ping, his eyes filled with surprise and said, “You really introduced that demonic soul into your sea of consciousness?”
“Not bad, that demonic soul is now within my sea of consciousness.”
Chen Ping nodded!
“Then how come you weren’t controlled?”The old Sect Master was puzzled as to how Chen Ping had not been controlled!
With Chen Ping’s strength, the demonic soul would have been controlled immediately after entering the sea of consciousness!
“I’ve said it all, a mere demonic soul can’t control me at all, after entering my sea of consciousness, if I tell him to call his father, he must do so as well.”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
The old Sect Master had a puzzled look on his face, but he still did not believe Chen Ping’s words!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only open his mouth and say, “Call out to your father, call out happily, I might be able to spare you, and you will still have a chance to remake your flesh and resurrect.”
And at this moment, that demonic soul was in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, being carried by the Red Cloud Demon Monarch by the collar of his coat, like a little chicken cub, all about to cry!