After settling down, many people had gone out of the place where they were staying and went around the island!
This Pill God Island was simply a tourist destination, with mountains, woods, and a beach and sea!
If this was in the secular world, it would definitely become a tourist hotspot!
Chen Ping followed Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng out of the place where they were staying and began to wander around the entire Medicine God Island!
Throughout the island, there were quite a few businessmen, but most of them were following pill master related things!
There were also some people who held up signs in their hands that were looking for a cure, which could be exchanged for various treasures in exchange for a cure!
It was estimated that these people, who didn’t have the strength to make it to the Medicine Seeking List, so they used this method to try to get the attention of the Pill Master and then heal them!
“I really didn’t expect that this Pill God Island would be so lively, I always thought it was a deserted island.”
Liu Ruyan looked at the vendors on both sides and said in surprise!
“Yeah, I’ve also heard of Medicine God Island a long time ago, it’s a place to exile those pill masters who practise magic, now it’s become so prosperous, where is this still a desolate island.”
Nie Heng also sighed!
Chen Ping smiled, after so many years of development, Pill God Island had turned into such a scene, it looked like this Ouyang Wufeng’s father, was definitely a person of high calibre!
At the very least, he was a talent in governance and management to be able to make Pill God Island turn into what it was now!
Regardless of whether it was an ordinary cultivator or a pharmacist, all of them were surprisingly orderly, and the vendors on both sides of the road were also behaving themselves, and there were no troublemakers to be seen!
To know that this street is a lot of cultivators of the realm of the transition, are like to fight people, but in the Pill God Island these people do not dare!
It can be seen that the rules of Pill God Island are very strict to be able to restrain the people on the island!
The vendors on both sides of the island sell a wide variety of things, after all, the people who come here are from all parts of the Celestial Realm, so it’s no wonder that the houses are built in different styles!
More people, however, wanted to treat their injuries and then prize some items!
“Old man, your granddaughter is demented, if she is really cured, I’m afraid that she won’t be able to get down without dozens of Purple Gold Spirit Coins.”
“And you’re even taking out only some broken herbs as a reward, are you treating people as fools?”
“By the looks of it, you are also a pharmacist, don’t you understand?”
Just as Chen Ping was leading Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng to skate along the street, he suddenly heard someone not far in front of him roar with great dissatisfaction!
“That’s it, this is treating others as fools, if there’s no payment, it’s possible to take your granddaughter against your debt, I see that this little girl’s eyebrows are quite good.”
“Looks good, but unfortunately looks a bit demented, simply can not raise the appetite ah!”
A circle of people were pointing!
And at this time, an old man with an embarrassed face spoke up, “Fellow Daoists, I am also a pharmacist, it’s a pity that I don’t have the ability to heal my granddaughter, I’ve been here for a long time, and I really don’t have anything that I can take out of my hand.”
“There are only these worthless herbs, if anyone can heal my granddaughter, I can serve him as an ox.”
Chen Ping, who was not far away, instantly froze when he heard this voice, followed by a frown!
He originally did not want to mind his own business and intended to go around, but after hearing this old man’s voice he directly stopped his body!
“There’s no point in you being a cow, if you heal your granddaughter, is it okay to let your granddaughter accompany you for a few nights?”
“Yes, if I can stay with her for a few nights, I can help heal him.”
“I can heal him as well, and I can also invite someone from the Ouyang family of Pill God Island to come out and diagnose him.”
The crowd began to cajole, in fact, there probably wouldn’t be too many people who could actually heal him.
“Let’s go, let’s go over and take a look ……,” Chen Ping took Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng with him and walked over!
“Mr Chen, you know?”Nie Heng asked!
“It sounds familiar, it’s just that they couldn’t have come here ah?”
Chen Ping frowned and quickened his pace!