When they saw Chen Ping appear, Bai Xiushan and Bai Zhan Tang were overjoyed!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Bai Xiushan stood up with a scuffle and shouted excitedly.
Chen Ping walked up to Bai Xiushan and told him to sit down, before turning to look at Qin Xiaotian and Qin Xiaoxian and said, “Just this much ability of yours, you also want to annex the Bai family?”
Looking at Chen Ping, Qin Xiaotian and Qin Xiaoxian’s faces were ugly, they did not expect Chen Ping to come, and looking at Chen Ping’s appearance, where was he injured?
“Chen Ping, I …… we just came over to talk business normally!”
Qin Xiaoxian stood up from his chair.
Although he was also a martial arts clan himself, Qin Xiaoxian was very self-aware and he knew that he was no match for Chen Ping.
When Chen Ping had been able to kill Watanabe Ichiro at the International Competition, that was when Qin Xiaoxian had understood that he was no match for Chen Ping.
Now after this period of time, the aura on Chen Ping’s body had obviously strengthened again, and Qin Xiaoxian was even less of a match.
“Chen Ping, aren’t you being taken seriously?”
Qin Xiaoxian’s face was full of doubt as he blurted out.
“Seriously injured?” Chen Ping sneered, “Just that Guo Wei b*****d is worthy of seriously injuring me?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with disdain, but these words caused a wave of shock to rise in the hearts of the Qin brothers.
Guo Wei was at the peak of the Martial Sect, an existence that could wipe them out with a single move of his fingers, and Chen Ping didn’t even care about such a person?
“Chen Ping, we just came over to talk business, since the Bai family master is unwilling to talk, then we will leave immediately ……”
Qin Xiaoxian said and gave a wink towards Qin Xiaogang, immediately wanting to lead his people away.
“Want to leave?”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, followed by a casual wave of his hand, and the two doors directly closed.
Both Qin Xiaoxian and Qin Xiaotian’s faces instantly turned ugly as they turned around to look at Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, we …………”
Qin Xiaoxian was about to say something else, but he was interrupted by Chen Ping with a wave of his hand!
“I don’t care if you guys are here to talk business, I’m not in a good mood today, so you two must die ……”
Chen Ping said with a calm face.
A Grand Master and a Martial Grandmaster, in Chen Ping’s eyes, he could just kill them when he said so ……
It was like crushing two ants to death!
Qin Xiaoxian frowned slightly, “Chen Ping, don’t bully people too much, although your strength is stronger than mine, if I fight for my life, I can still make blood flow here!”
“A river of blood?” The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth were the same: “You don’t have that ability yet!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the aura on his body abruptly erupted, followed by this terrifying aura that directly enveloped the Qin family brothers.
Feeling the terrifying aura from Chen Ping, Qin Xiaotian fell to his knees with a poof, and cracks appeared on the ground beneath both knees.
And Qin Xiaoxian, who was a Martial Sect, was gritting his teeth and resisting the pressure to death!
Chen Ping looked at the two men with a relaxed expression, his eyes filled with disdain.
“Let me show you what it is to bleed into a river!”
Chen Ping’s words fell.
Boom!
Suddenly, Qin Xiaoxian only felt a popping sound in his ears, and when he turned his head to look, his entire body vomited straight away.
Only to see Qin Xiaoxian kneeling on the ground, only for his head to have been directly crushed by the tremendous pressure, blood spurting all over the ground!
“Third brother …………”
Qin Xiaoxian’s eyes were scarlet as he shouted!
And the others had long since looked dumbfounded, Chen Ping didn’t move a muscle, but he had directly exploded that Qin Xiaotian’s head, this was unbelievable to them!
And when Bai Xiushan saw this scene, he was excitedly ecstatic inside, the stronger Chen Ping was, the better it was for their Bai family, it seemed he had bet the Bai family on Chen Ping, he had bet right!
“Chen Ping, I will fight with you ……”
Qin Xiaoxian looked at the tragically dead Qin Xiaotian, his eyes were scarlet as he roared in rage and tried to rush towards Chen Ping!