The seemingly strong and fierce chains, under Chen Ping’s gentle tug, instantly broke, those chains scattered all over the ground!
Seeing this, Yan Lao’s eyes could not help but open wide, his eyes filled with incredulity!
“Young Pavilion Master, where is that purple gold gourd?”
Seeing this, Yan Lao hurriedly followed Shi Yan’s request for that purple gold gourd!
Shi Yan heard, panic the purple gold gourd to pull out, handed to Yan Lao.
Yan Lao results in the purple gold gourd, a breath instantly hit into the gourd inside!
In an instant, the gourd emitted a purple glow, and a terrifying aura erupted from within the gourd!
Seeing this, Chen Ping frowned slightly, he could feel the power of the gourd.
“A top grade magic weapon?”
Chen Ping frowned as the golden light on his body shone brightly, his Unbreakable Golden Body exerted to its utmost.
The power of the divine Dragon kept swimming around, and a golden dragon slowly emerged in the mid-air behind Chen Ping!
Seeing Chen Ping in this state, Elder Yan’s face was ugly, but the matter had come to this, he could only take a shot.
Yan Lao urged the purple gold gourd, and a terrifying aura enveloped the entire Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
Immediately afterwards, a terrifying ray of light erupted from within the gourd, as if it were a rocket!
Each of the flashes of light contained an extremely terrifying power, a power that was no less than the power of a Martial Saint.
Chen Ping clenched his fist, and his entire arm was wrapped with golden dragons and emitted a burst of dragon roar.
“Break ……”
Chen Ping swung his fist, and with each swing, the power of his fist transformed into a golden dragon!
Boom ……
Boom ……
Boom ……
Chen Ping’s fist power followed the light erupting from within that gourd and collided with a deafening sound!
The terrifying aftershocks caused the entire Hundred Refinements Pavilion to shake, as the surrounding houses collapsed and the ground began to cave in!
Even the mountains in the distance were rocky, with boulders rolling down!
Soon, that Yan Lao’s face turned pale and a mouthful of blood gushed out, and the light inside the purple gold gourd disappeared straight away!
Chen Ping put away the power of the divine dragon, his face also became slightly ugly!
“Yan Lao, Yan Lao ……”
Seeing this, Shi Yan hurriedly held up Elder Yan.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, walked towards the two men step by step: “Hand over the Heavenly Opportunity Order now, and perhaps you can still live ……”
Looking at Chen Ping’s cold expression, as well as the killing intent in his eyes, Shi Yan regretted a little, regretted agreeing to that Ning Zhi!
Why had he agreed to follow Ning Zhi to deal with Chen Ping?
If he had known that Chen Ping was so terrifyingly strong, he would not have agreed even if he had been given a good magic weapon.
But there was no pill for regret in the world.
“Then …… we really don’t know where that Heaven’s Gift Order is, it was stored by my father.”
Shi Yan was so frightened that he was about to cry, and followed Chen Ping to explain.
But where would Chen Ping listen, with a reach, he directly picked up Shi Yan by his collar and lifted him up!
“I’m asking you once more, where is the Heaven’s Opportunity Order?”
The killing aura on Chen Ping’s body had already wrapped up Shi Yan’s entire body.
At this moment, Shi Yan only felt that he had fallen into an abyss of ten thousand feet, and chills were rising from the bottom of his heart!
Shi Yan was so frightened that he could not even speak!
“That Heavenly Mystery Order was really placed by the Pavilion Master, we really don’t know, even if you kill us, it will be useless at all.”
Seeing this, Yan Lao hurriedly followed Chen Ping and said.
Chen Ping saw that they really didn’t know where the Heavenly Chance Order was, so he said, “Then take me to see your Pavilion Master.”
“Our Pavilion Master is in seclusion to refine weapons, no one can see him before the time is up, you can wait for a few days, the Pavilion Master should be able to come out of seclusion within ten days.”
Yan Lao explained carefully.
He was afraid of offending Chen Ping and having him kill that Shi Yan!
Chen Ping sighed helplessly and threw that Shi Yan to the ground with a loose hand!
“When your Pavilion Master comes out, say that I have come to see him ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he snatched the purple gold gourd from Yan Lao’s hand, turned around and left!