It was a pity that this Knight King did not even open his eyes to look at Chen Ping, just now when Chen Ping performed the power of the divine dragon, the Knight King only put his eyes on that formation!
The current Knight King did not yet know Chen Ping’s true identity, and he did not know what his expression would be when he found out in a moment!
“I can not only defeat that Elder What’s-His-Name Qi, even you, the head of the demonic beasts, I can easily defeat!”
Chen Ping coldly snorted and said!
“Unbridled, I will let you see the power of a true beast race!”
The Knight King sank violently, and along with a cold shout, the Knight King’s entire body muscles clasped up, and his entire body surged once again.
Only to see the bodies of Chen Ping and that Knight King plummet, and both of them landed on the ground!
The enormous force caused the ground to only begin to collapse and become torn apart!
In an instant, a large pit of several hundred metres appeared and was still spreading in all directions!
“This Knight King’s beast power is really quite stronger than mine ah ……”
Yi He looked at the scene in front of him and couldn’t help but sigh!
“Dad, if that Chen Ping wanted to rely on his physical strength to follow the Knight King in a fight, I’m afraid he would lose miserably, right?”
Isha didn’t understand, Chen Ping obviously knew all sorts of arts and battle techniques, so why would he want to follow the Lich King and fight with his physical strength?
Ichor however shook his head “If that Knight King really only fights with Mr Chen in terms of physical body strength, that would be the best.”
“Mr Chen’s physical body is unmatched ……”
The Li King didn’t know Chen Ping’s identity, but Yi He knew that the true Golden Dragon’s true body, could there be anything more powerful than this physical body?
Rumbling …………
King Li’s power was still erupting, and the earth let out a roar!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was facing the Li King, with a fist in front of him, without the slightest fluctuation of expression on his face, no matter how much the Li King exploded his power, he couldn’t make Chen Ping move a single centimetre!
Chen Ping, who looked thin and weak in front of the King of Li, was now towering like an immovable mountain peak! >
“Is this your true beast power? Is this the strength of your fleshly body that you are so proud of?”
Chen Ping asked with a mocking expression.
The Knight King frowned slightly, although he did not burst out with all his power, but with this power, even if Yih followed himself against him, I was afraid that he would have to take a few steps back, but Chen Ping had not moved a single muscle!
However, just as King Li was puzzled, Chen Ping suddenly moved!
Only to see Chen Ping’s body take a long leap, the purest physical strength in his body erupted, without the slightest bit of spiritual power or skill, not to mention the use of the Divine Dragon’s Power and Origin Power!
Chen Ping’s body made a pirouette in mid-air, his power exploding out in this instant, and then viciously kicked out towards the Knight King!
Seeing this, King Li crossed his fists and blocked directly in front of him!
Fighting against himself in terms of physical strength, Knight King had absolute confidence, so he did not dodge!
Boom!
Chen Ping kicked hard on top of that Knight King’s arms!
That huge body of the Knight King shot out like a meteor, and then his body hit the ground heavily, instantly stirring up smoke and dust in the sky, only to see a straight gully appear, which was hardened by the Knight King’s body!
“How did this …… happen?”
Elder Qi was shocked, he did not understand that the Knight King had been sent flying by a brat of the eighth grade of the Harmonisation Realm!
Although he had already learnt about Chen Ping’s strength, Chen Ping had also acted opportunistically, coupled with his own carelessness!
However, this time, Chen Ping did not have any speculation and used real power, which was too shocking!
King Li’s body flew out a long way before coming to a stop!
When he slowly stood up, his anger had made him hideous!
In front of many generals, he had been kicked away by a Harmonisation Realm brat, how could King Knight not be angry?
This was too much for him to lose face, and it also left him without prestige in front of the generals!