Under that Running Thunder Palm, Hu Da clenched his teeth as the black mist around his body continued to solidify, forming a sturdy shield!
Boom!
This palm, ruthlessly smashed into Hu Da’s body, and instantly, Hu Da’s body plunged deep into the ground, and his entire body was submerged in a deep pit!
Seeing that Chen Ping had directly defeated both Hu Da and Hu Er, Luo Shouhai and the rest of them were also very surprised!
It was important to know that the other party were both Transition Realm Sixth Grade cultivators, and that Hu Er was also the one who had sensed the Lightning Origin!
Chen Ping was only at the second rank of the Transition Realm!
The henchmen that Hu Da and the others had brought with them were all looking at what was in front of them incredulously at this moment as well.
Everyone’s mouths grew as they watched in silence, forgetting to run away!
Two Transition Realm Sixth Grade cultivators were directly defeated by a Transition Realm Second Grade!
And still easily defeated!
This was outrageous to the extreme!
No one believed their eyes, after all, these demonic cultivators had never seen this before!
Hu Da and Hu Er together, even if they were to follow a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm in a fight, it was estimated that they would be able to entangle themselves in a fight!
But when they fought after Chen Ping, a second grade of the Transitional Apparition realm, they were defeated so quickly!
“Mr Chen, awesome, you’re too awesome ……”
Ji Yun shouted excitedly!
They also did not expect that Chen Ping could defeat two Transition Realm Sixth Grade cultivators so easily!
Originally, they had thought that there would be a vicious fight!
“How bullish? Still really think that our brothers can be defeated so easily?”
Hu Da’s voice came out from the deep pit, followed by his entire body flying out from the deep pit!
Although he looked a little lousy, he did not seem to have suffered too much damage!
Seeing Hu Da in that state, Chen Ping then frowned slightly!
He did not expect that his Running Thunder Palm did not kill this fellow at once!
The sixth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm, it seemed that it was not that easy to kill!
“A mere second rank of the Transitional Appearance realm, to be able to beat our brother and sister to such a sorry state, does have some skills!”
At this moment, in another deep pit, Hu Er also leapt up!
Hu Er’s body was covered in blood stains, obviously more injured than you, Hu Da!
In Hu Er’s body, there was not much lightning origin power left, but at this time, Hu Er’s body was entangled in black mist, and seemed to be recovering rapidly.
Seeing that this Hu Er also did not die, Chen Ping on the other hand became even more serene and grave!
In the five great sect quarters, that feeling of powerlessness of not being strong had reappeared!
If he were to raise his realm a little bit, he was afraid that these two brothers would have died long ago, and it would be impossible for them to still be alive!
At this moment, Chen Ping had a very urgent feeling that he wanted to raise his strength as soon as possible!
As for those demonic cultivators brought by Hu Da and Hu Er, after seeing that the two brothers did not die and were not very seriously injured, they all let out a sigh of relief.
If the two had been killed by Chen Ping, a second grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, with a single palm and a single punch, it would have been too humiliating!
“Hu Er, the two of us are spending time with him, he can’t afford to wear us out, don’t fight hard.”
Hu Da could see that Chen Ping was keen to win quickly and leave!
After all, if the fight continued like this, if in the event of someone arriving, Chen Ping would really have no hope at all!
There was no telling how many people were looking for Chen Ping right now!
A walking pool of resources that anyone would want to get their hands on!
“Good ……”
Hu Er nodded, and then the two of them leapt up!
This time, the two directly attacked towards Chen Ping from a distance, a black mist shooting out from within the two!
When Chen Ping saw this, he then frowned slightly, he also knew that these two fellows were really spending time with themselves!
So he took the Demon Drawing Whip, and the Demon Drawing Whip was burning to fire!
Along with a whip whip down, those black mist were all dispersed, and then Chen Ping used the Royal Fire Steps to continuously approach towards the two!