The duo later became Lin Keting’s personal followers!
In Sun Moon City, there were many demonic cultivators who had been saved by Daoist Wuji.
“Eldest Miss, the Imperial City is here, you must remember not to contradict your father.”
Right Blind Elder reminded Lin Keting in a low voice!
It was true that they hadn’t gone through Lin Keting’s father’s consent for this trip to the Divine Demon Battlefield.
Although Dao Master Wuji knew about it, but after all, Lin Keting’s status was that of a princess, so if something happened if she travelled to the Celestial Realm privately like this, who could bear the responsibility ah!
“I know!”Lin Keting nodded!
A group of people, accompanied by dozens of close guards, walked towards the city gates with great vigour!
Lin Keting’s face carried a faint smile, although she knew she had made a mistake, she wasn’t afraid at all!
She knew that her father loved her the most, so it was simply impossible to punish her.
However, the left blind elder and the right blind elder had a grave expression on their faces, although the two of them were recommended by Daoist Wuji, His Majesty the Emperor would definitely give some face, but a reprimand would not be out of the question.
Just as Lin Ke Ting and the others had just reached the city gates, they were stopped by someone!
“Little sister, Father has an order, when you return, the imperial city doesn’t need to be entered and you will directly go to Lingyun Peak to contemplate for ten years.”
A young man wearing a yellow robe and a golden crown with an aristocratic look said!
This person was Lin Ke Ting’s elder brother, Lin Ke Dong, who was also the Crown Prince of Sun Moon City!
“Big brother, don’t pretend to pass on Father Emperor’s decree, I don’t believe that Father Emperor would let me ponder for ten years.”
“I’m going to find Father Emperor to ask for clarification ……”
Lin Ke Ting was about to rush into the city despite Lin Ke Dong’s obstruction!
“Little sister, I didn’t pass on Father Emperor’s decree falsely, that’s what he said.”
Lin Ke Dong stopped Lin Keting.
Seeing this, those two blind elders on the left and right, although they wanted to help Lin Keting, they didn’t dare to make a move, after all, this was a matter between a brother and sister of someone else!
Lin Ke Ting looked at Lin Ke Dong angrily and said angrily, “Big brother, I know that you’ve always hated me, you dislike the fact that Father Emperor favours me, but I’m a girl, it’s impossible for me to compete with you for the Crown Prince, so what’s wrong with Father Emperor favouring me?”
“Why do you keep trying to get on my bad side? If you don’t let me in today, I’ll go to my master and ask him to take me to judge why I should be made to think for ten years.”
All along, Lin Ke Ting did not like this big brother of hers, she always felt that her big brother was narrow-minded and was especially jealous of people!
As the only girl amongst the nine emperors, Lin Ke Ting had received special favour from her father!
This caused Lin Ke Dong to become jealous and target Lin Ke Ting at every turn!
“Little sister, what are you talking about, I’m just following my father’s will, how is it against you?”
“Let me tell you, Daoist Wuji is also in the palace, he can’t save you either!”
Lin Ke Dong said!
When Lin Keting heard this, she was dumbfounded, she went to that God and Demon Battlefield, but her master had allowed it, how could it become like this now?
However, Lin Keting was simply undeterred and intended to break in and ask personally!
Seeing this, Lin Ke Dong’s face turned cold and said, “Little sister, if you are so unreasonable, don’t blame big brother for being rude.”
After Lin Ke Dong finished speaking, he waved his hand towards the city gate guards and said, “Arrest the princess ……”
But just as the guards were about to make their move, a figure suddenly came rushing in!
“Wait ……”
A man also wearing yellow robes and a long sword came running, “Big brother, Father has an order for my little sister to enter the city.”
This man was the fourth prince, Lin Kefan.
Seeing Lin Kefan arrive, Lin Keting instantly smiled and went forward to pick up Lin Kefan’s arm, “Fourth brother, let’s go.”
“Wait!”Lin Ke Dong frowned slightly, “Fourth brother, you’re not faking Father’s decree, are you? Father had told me to let my little sister ponder for ten years.”