Chen Ping knew that if he didn’t bypass the great rift, he would have to cross over the rift if he wanted to go to the chaotic land at the border!
However, there was no way to cross over that rift, so Chen Ping had to find Patriarch Luo before he crossed over that rift!
Otherwise, Patriarch Luo would most likely be swallowed up by that rift!
Chen Ping’s speed was exerted to the extreme!
And at that moment, the black-robed man, with the Ghost Fiend Sect’s disciples, was chasing after Patriarch Luo!
“Damn, Lao Er, this waste of space, the formation was broken, and he still said that he had exterminated all the people from the five great clans.”
“Lying to f*cking ghosts, having exterminated the people of the five great clans, why did he break the formation and let this surname Luo escape.”
“I think he just got caught, waste stuff, otherwise he wouldn’t have used the voice transmission jade slip!”
The black-robed man cursed and kept chasing towards Patriarch Luo!
If the formation hadn’t been broken, Patriarch Luo wouldn’t have been able to escape that formation even if he ran, but the formation was broken, allowing Patriarch Luo the chance to escape towards the border!
The black-robed man had already found out that the hunchbacked elder had been captured after receiving the hunchbacked elder’s voice transmission jade slip!
“First Elder, since the Second Elder has been captured, why are you still revealing our location?”
A Ghost Fiend Sect disciple asked in disbelief!
“I said it in order to get them to come here, this great rift is filled with Yin Fiendish Qi, for us, it’s a perfect place to cultivate, but for the other cultivators, it’s a burial ground.”
“I’m going to lure all of these people here and then have them buried in this great rift!”
“You take the people and ambush them around, they must be arriving soon, I’ll go after that surname Luo, he’s tired now, he can’t run fast!”
The black-robed man ordered!
“Obey ……” Hundreds of Ghost Fiend Sect disciples, all ambushed!
The black-robed man then quickly chased towards Patriarch Luo, only to see the black-robed man’s body transform into a black smoke, like a whirlwind!
Patriarch Luo’s body was extremely weak at the moment, and he was about to collapse!
The rift in front of him was getting closer and closer, as long as he crossed the rift, he would be able to reach the bordering Chaotic Land!
The bordering chaotic land of the Celestial Realm, those who stepped into it died!
But even so, Patriarch Luo did not hesitate to run there!
He didn’t want to be caught by the Ghost Fiend Sect’s people, and he knew the outcome when he was caught!
Nor did he want to be killed by the people of the Ghost Fiend Sect, he knew that this Ghost Fiend Sect hated himself to the bone, if they killed him, they would definitely refine his residual soul into a severe ghost at the moment of his death!
In that case, they would be able to use Patriarch Luo’s stern ghost residual soul to massacre all the disciples of the five great sects in the ten million great sects’ residences!
That would be the end of the five great clans!
“Surnamed Luo, don’t try to run away!”
The black-robed man with a gust of wind had already chased after him!
Seeing that it was only the black-robed man himself, Patriarch Luo couldn’t help but sneer “Even if I’m in a weakened body right now, it’s not that easy for you to catch me.”
“I’m at the ninth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm cultivation, wouldn’t it be too humiliating if I were to be caught by you at the eighth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm!”
“Hmph, let’s try then!” The black-robed man let out a sardonic laugh, his arms spread out, and a large area of black mist covered dozens of miles in a radius!
Patriarch Luo, on the other hand, exploded his last battle strength and fought after the black-robed man!
At this moment, Chen Ping, looking at the rising black mist in the distance, knew that the Ghost Fiend Sect’s people had already made a move against Patriarch Luo!
At the same time, on Chen Ping’s side, Patriarch Chen led the remaining twenty disciples of the five great clans towards the direction of the black mist!
When they ran into each other, Patriarch Chen’s eyes were filled with surprise!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you caught up so quickly?”
Patriarch Chen did not expect that Chen Ping had taken care of the hunchbacked old man so quickly!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, slapped the hunchbacked old man unconscious and handed it over to Patriarch Chen, “You guys keep an eye on him, I’ll go save Patriarch Luo.”
Taking the hunchbacked old man with him would affect Chen Ping’s speed!
Patriarch Chen nodded and had a few sect disciples keep the hunchbacked old man under control!