“If we open the formation at this time, I’m afraid that the spirit beasts will go berserk and rush out.”
“Don’t worry guys, as long as Mr Chen is in danger, I will kill all these spirit beasts at the first opportunity.”
Xiao Yuanshan said!
For the sake of Chen Ping’s comfort, Xiao Yuanshan did not hesitate to kill all of these precious spirit beasts, which showed Chen Ping’s status in Xiao Yuanshan!
It was important to know that it was very difficult to need a spirit beast, it took a long time and a little bit of domestication!
For all these spirit beasts to be killed, it was also a great loss for the Xiao Dynasty!
Right at this moment, Chen Ping had already arrived in front of the Spirit Leopard, and the Spirit Leopard with scarlet eyes, opened its bloody mouth, and was about to attack Chen Ping, when suddenly a look of fear appeared in its scarlet eyes!
From Chen Ping’s body, he had actually felt the pressure of a Holy Beast, this kind of pressure of the King of Beasts made the originally frenzied Spirit Leopard instantly become honest!
One must know that Chen Ping was a Golden Dragon True Body with a beast bloodline within his body, and he was also a Dragon, the King of All Beasts!
Chen Ping slightly burst out a trace of the Dragon Race’s Qi, and let this frenzied Spirit Leopard become honest!
Only to see the Spirit Leopard lying on the ground, like a pug, and wagging its tail towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping then stroked the Spirit Leopard’s head, and a stream of Spiritual Qi was pumped into the Spirit Leopard’s body!
At this moment, Xiao Yuanshan and Zhen Yuandao were all a little baffled, not understanding how this spirit leopard, which had originally gone berserk, had suddenly become incomparably more honest.
They also did not feel that Chen Ping had used the pressure of his physical strength to suppress the spirit leopard!
After checking it over, there was nothing special about this spirit leopard either, which made Chen Ping a little difficult!
If the cause of the disease could not be found, there was no way to cure it!
There was no problem with the resources used for feeding, there was no problem with the environment in which it was kept, and even the people who kept these spirit beasts were carefully chosen to follow all the other spirit beasts!
Now that the only spirit beast in this compound was showing symptoms, this made Chen Ping a little puzzled!
Chen Ping stepped out of the formation and said with a slight sense of embarrassment, “Emperor Xiao, I haven’t found out what is wrong with the spirit beast for the time being either, so there is no way to cure it, I need to observe it for a period of time to find out what the cause is before I can do so.”
“No problem, Mr Chen you guys stay here first, you can study it slowly.”
“Also that Immortal Bone, I will personally take Mr Chen to get it.”
“If it is possible, I would like Mr Chen to live in my Xiao Dynasty for a long time, I will serve Mr Chen as my guest minister, and I can walk around in the Xiao Dynasty as I please, no one will dare to stop me!”
Xiao Yuanshan was trying to keep Chen Ping!
After all, in Xiao Yuanshan’s eyes, Chen Ping was a talented person, and if he could stay in Xiao Dynasty, it would definitely be a big profit for Xiao Dynasty!
Chen Ping smiled faintly and said, “Emperor Xiao, I appreciate your kindness, but I’m used to being free and there are still a lot of things yet to be dealt with.”
“As you know, I am still being pursued by the Demon Sealing Alliance, staying in the Xiao Dynasty will only bring trouble to Emperor Xiao!”
“Mr Chen, if you stay in Xiao Dynasty, that Demon Sealing Alliance wouldn’t dare to hunt down and kill Mr Chen in the boundaries of my Xiao Dynasty even if they had the guts to do so.”
When Xiao Yuan Shan heard this, he immediately patted his chest and said!
“No, I’m here to help Emperor Xiao heal the spirit beasts, as well as rushing back to the Central Region as soon as possible, now that the Feng Family has occupied the Fox Emperor City, my woman is already homeless, I can’t just sit back and do nothing!”
Chen Ping shook his head and said!
“Feng Family?”Xiao Yuanshan frowned slightly, then looked at Fei Wenqiang who was at the side and said, “Prime Minister Fei, which is the closest city we have to the Central Domain?”
“Back to Emperor Xiao, it’s Gale City where General Qian is stationed.”
Yu Wenqiang said!
“Immediately inform General Qian to take his men to Fox Emperor City, exterminate that Feng Family and help Mr Chen take back Fox Emperor City!”
Xiao Yuanshan ordered!