“Okay, go ahead!” The one-eyed cultivator said!
“I want to know, how did you guys know that I was on the Wan Tong Pavilion blimp, and how did you know that I went to Guang Han Palace? Who on earth told you that?”
Chen Ping had always wondered what kind of person had revealed his whereabouts!
After all, the matter of him going to Guanghan Palace in a blimp was only known to a few people, and it was impossible for those people to reveal their whereabouts!
And those cultivators on the blimp, none of them knew themselves either, it was also impossible for them to reveal it!
“Hahaha, it’s even if you kid offended the Demon Sealing Alliance, you even offended the Mu Family’s Mu Gongzi, your whereabouts were revealed to us by Mu Gongzi.”
“Now you know, and damn well understand ……”
The one-eyed cultivator said with a big smile!
“Mu Kui?” Chen Ping’s eyes stared slightly!
He knew that Elder Xia would never kill that Mu Kui, but he did not expect to release this fellow so quickly!
“The Mu family’s Mu Gongzi? And how did Mr Chen offend him?”
Elder Sun did not know what Mu Kui had done in the Wantong Pavilion and was filled with doubt!
Chen Ping also did not have time to explain after Elder Sun, so he said “Elder Sun, it’s a long story, I’ll explain it to you later.”
“Just now, I asked you if you were able to beat this one eye? You haven’t answered yet.”
“Mr Chen, I’m 80% sure of defeating him again, but he has so many other minions that are not weak, these disciples I brought are no match at all.”
Elder Sun said with difficulty!
If it was one on one, Elder Sun was not afraid!
But the other party had so many people, it was impossible to fight him alone!
“Elder Sun, you can just pester this one eye and leave the rest to me.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“What?” Elder Sun was shocked “Mr Chen, these are a dozen cultivators of the fifth or sixth rank of the Transition Realm, although there aren’t many sixth ranks, but with so many people, it’s not something you can deal with with a single third rank of the Transition Realm.”
Although Elder Sun knew that Chen Ping could do Rune Spells, it would be impossible for a Third Grade of the Transition Realm cultivator to cope with a dozen or so Fifth and Sixth Grade of the Transition Realm cultivators!
Isn’t this a joke?
The one-eyed cultivator saw that Chen Ping was going to make a move, but also a person to deal with his own dozen or so juniors, suddenly laughed maniacally “Kid, are you out of your mind? You’re a mere third grade of the Ferrying Realm, and you still want to follow my dozen or so brothers to fight?”
“Whether or not you have lost your mind, just try it and you will know.”
Chen Ping smiled coldly, the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly appeared in his hand, and the Unbreakable Golden Body covered his entire body!
Seeing Chen Ping’s body suddenly covered in golden scales and with a terrifying and frightening aura emanating from his body, that one-eyed cultivator frowned slightly!
Seeing this, Elder Sun knew that today’s battle could not be avoided, so he clenched his teeth and said “Mr Chen, you and our Wantong Pavilion disciples will fight against the enemy together, and when I kill that one-eyed, I will come back to help you!”
“No need, your Wantong Pavilion disciples’ strength is too low, don’t go and die for nothing.”
Chen Ping shook his head and said!
When those Wantong Pavilion disciples heard this, they were all furious!
Many of them were also at the third or fourth grade of strength, and many of them were at the fourth grade of the Transition Realm, which was even higher than Chen Ping’s realm, and now Chen Ping was saying that their strength was low?
Wasn’t this humiliating?
When Elder Sun heard Chen Ping’s words, he also felt that Chen Ping was a little too pretentious, he was only at the third rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, but he even said that other people’s strength was low!
However, at this time, Elder Sun was not in a position to refute Chen Ping and could only say, “Alright then, I’ll try to fight quickly and come over to help you!”
“I’ll try to fight quickly and come over to help you ……”
Chen Ping’s words fell and his figure instantly disappeared!
Immediately after that, a white light flashed, and the head of a junior brother beside One-Eye at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm instantly flew high!