Chen Ping continued to flee as Mu Yao led his men behind him!
This was making Chen Ping anxious!
This Mu Naiyi wasn’t there, and if Mu Naiyi also made a move, Chen Ping knew that he definitely wouldn’t be able to escape.
The main thing was that this statue was too much effort to put into a storage ring!
“If I didn’t want to see the inheritance of the Wuji Sacred Sect, I would have smashed you long ago.”
Chen Ping said as he looked at the statue helplessly!
However, as soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, the statue unexpectedly glared fiercely at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping thought that he had blurred his eyes, and when he looked closely, he really found that the statue was glaring at him!
“Crap ……”
Chen Ping was startled!
“Kid, I’ve said it all, this isn’t a statue, this is a human being, a human being who is still alive, can he be happy if you curse him.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was also speechless, the pool of Immortal Qi that was so hard to find was absorbed by this statue!
It was still not good enough to scold himself twice!
Just when Chen Ping was physically and mentally exhausted and was about to be caught up, another complete mansion appeared!
Without the slightest hesitation, Chen Ping instantly rushed down!
Chen Ping knew that there must be a formation within this mansion, Chen Ping had the Heavenly Underworld Eyes and could see the formation patterns, as long as he entered it, Mu Yao and the others could be temporarily blocked out by the formation!
Chen Ping had just rushed into the mansion when the formation within the mansion was activated abruptly and a light came towards Chen Ping!
“What a strong aura, this formation is too strong, I’m afraid it can’t be broken!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch could not help but say!
Chen Ping also sensed that the formation within this mansion was too terrifying, it was many times stronger than the formations of those ordinary disciples outside!
At this moment, Chen Ping panicked!
It was feared that he would not be able to break the formation, and if he were to be countered by the formation, then he would not be throwing himself into a trap!
Just as Chen Ping was panicking, pressing a light unexpectedly hit the body of the statue directly!
r> Soon, the formation slowly closed and Chen Ping walked in unharmed!
This makes Chen Ping is very surprised, but the Red Cloud Demon Monarch reflected over and said “This formation must have sensed the breath of the statue, which closed, let you enter!”
When Chen Ping thought about it, he was right, the statue was originally from the Wuji Sacred Sect and was still alive, the formation must have sensed the breath of one of its own and of course it would close!
Right after Chen Ping had just stepped into the mansion, Mu Yao and his men had also chased after him, and seeing that Chen Ping had entered the mansion without any problems, he also followed and rushed in!
But just after stepping in, they were sent flying by the golden light that erupted from the formation!
Mu Yao was stunned, not understanding how Chen Ping could enter without any problem, but they could not step in?
After trying several times, they were unsuccessful!
Mu Yao had no choice but to guard the perimeter of the mansion and wait for Mu Naiyi to arrive before making a decision!
Chen Ping couldn’t escape from here anyway!
Chen Ping entered the mansion and found that within the mansion, it was empty, with only a very worn out looking cushion!
“Could it be that everything in this mansion has been emptied?”
Chen Ping looked around at the empty rooms, his face full of puzzlement!
“This is supposed to be a practice hall, a place to meditate and cultivate, of course there wouldn’t be anything, can’t you see that there are meditation cushions on the ground.”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Such a large hall, just to meditate and cultivate, it’s too wasteful, and there are also such strong spell formations laid outside, I really can’t figure out what this Wuji Sacred Sect’s Patriarch is thinking in his head.”
Chen Ping said breathlessly.
“Ignorant junior, what do you know!”
Suddenly, a voice came out with a hint of displeasure!
“Crap, who?”
Chen Ping hurriedly looked around, this empty hall, no one should be talking ah!
After looking round and not finding anyone, Chen Ping hurriedly asked the Red Cloud Demon Monarch “Senior, who was talking just now.”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch did not speak, but desperately gave Chen Ping a wink, seemingly afraid of something!