At this, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed, “Could it be that this is really dead land?”
“Dead arse land, you believe him even when he talks, dead land is not like this, but this place is indeed a bit special!”
Suddenly, an additional figure appeared beside Chen Ping!
The remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Lord had unexpectedly detached itself from Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Elder Tu was also startled when he saw that there was suddenly an additional person beside Chen Ping!
However, when he saw it clearly, he was filled with shock, ”Demon soul? Could this be the Demonic Soul in your sea of consciousness, is he the one who destroyed those few Demonic Souls of mine?”
“Shut the f*ck up, is that worthy of being called a Demon Soul? Do you guys deserve to be devils too?”
“Old me is the real Demon Race, you guys are at best considered Demon Cultivators, you don’t have pure Demon Race bloodline in your body, I think you are just a string, a combination of Human Race and Demon Race.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said as he looked at Elder Tu with disdain!
This guy, always claiming to be a devil clan, but there aren’t many true devil clan bloodlines, there are many devil cultivators who are of the human race, who became devil cultivators because they cultivated devil skills!
These people developed and then created clans, and also began to call themselves Demon Race!
However, they were not pure devil races!
This kind of people would develop along with their strength, and it would become increasingly difficult, because the top demonic techniques, these people who weren’t of pure demonic blood, simply had no way to cultivate them!
“What kind of person are you? Dare to talk about old me like that?”
Elder Tu stared angrily at the Red Cloud Demon Lord!
He could be beaten and mocked, but to say that he wasn’t a Demon Race and that he was a string was too hurtful for Elder Tu to accept!
“What am I?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch froze, and then laughed out loud, “I am the Red Cloud Demon Monarch of the Heavenly Realm, and I am on par with the Fire Spirit Star Monarch, and this divine volcano was formed when one of the Fire Spirit Star Monarch’s items fell off.”
“Now that you think I’m talking about you like this, do you still have an opinion?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s words caused Elder Tu to be dumbfounded!
He didn’t know the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, but the Fire Spirit Star Monarch had heard of it, and it was rumoured that this divine volcano was formed by the Fire Spirit Star Monarch dropping an item!
Simply by dropping an item, a divine volcano was formed, and it also spawned a great sect like the Purple Flame Sect!
There was naturally no need to say more about what kind of status that Fire Spirit Star Sovereign had!
And this one in front of him was actually the Demon Monarch that followed the Fire Spirit Star Monarch!
Elder Tu was about to be scared to death, and he now finally understood why Chen Ping, who was only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, was so difficult to deal with!
“Elder, this remnant soul of yours can suddenly detach itself from my sea of consciousness, does it mean that this cave is similar to that Devil Swallowing Cave that you are in?”
Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Not bad, but there are similarities and differences, otherwise I wouldn’t dare to expose my residual soul to the outside world, but this also proves that this place is not a dead place.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch nodded and said!
“I see!”Chen Ping nodded!
Casually taking out his Demon Drawing Whip, he lashed out at Elder Tu.
The Demon Drawing Whip targeted the Divine Sense of the Demon Race, and Elder Tu directly screamed out in misery as he was whipped by the Demon Drawing Whip!
The physical pain, he could endure, but this kind of mental and divine sense destruction, Elder Tu couldn’t bear it!
“I said that I will beat you until you cry out for your father ……”
Chen Ping said as he pumped!
However, that Elder Tu’s mouth was also hard, and he did not cry out to Chen Ping as a father since the beginning!
Soon, Elder Tu was smacked to the point of fainting, and with no arms and legs, all that was left of him was his torso constantly shaking!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then tied Elder Tu with the Demon Drawing Whip, and then pulled him along by hand, and began to look for a way out of the cave!
This way, behind them were blood marks all the way!
Elder Tu woke up and saw that he was being pulled by Chen Ping like a dead dog, and his entire body collapsed!