At this moment, even Du Nan’s body began to rise with light spots as he felt the loss of spiritual energy in his body!
“No …… no, no …………”
Du Nan shouted, he tried to stop the loss of spiritual energy from his body, but he simply couldn’t stop it!
Seeing this, Chen Ping frowned tightly, and then a golden light struck out, directly enveloping Du Nan.
With the golden light blocking him, the loss of spiritual energy in Du Nan’s body was brought under control!
Over the entire Penglai Island, countless spiritual energies began to converge towards one another!
“You must not be allowed to get away with this ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping leapt up, followed by a golden light emanating from his body, and a faint layer of white mist wrapped around his fist!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping smashed his fist into the stone statue, he couldn’t let this stone statue absorb all the spiritual energy, otherwise even a hundred of himself, I’m afraid he wouldn’t be a match for this tiger spirit!
Boom!
A fist smashed out, but Chen Ping’s body was shaken by a huge recoil, sending him straight backwards!
The stone statue seemed to be protected by something, unable to inflict the slightest damage at all!
Tiger Li Daxian was still kneeling piously in front of the stone statue, not paying any attention to Chen Ping’s attack!
At the brow of the stone statue, a light shone directly on Tiger Li Daxian’s body!
Chen Ping directly took out his Dragon Chopping Sword and fiercely chopped at Tiger Li Daxian.
Since he could not destroy the stone statue, he would strike at this Tiger Spirit!
A golden dragon roared out in mid-air, emitting a dragon roar!
The golden dragon opened its bloody mouth and headed for Tiger Li Daxian!
Tiger Li Daxian was still kneeling on the ground, head bowed, seemingly unaware of the danger he was facing!
Boom …………
The stone statue’s eyes shot out light, instantly hitting the golden dragon’s body, knocking it out of the sky, and the Tiger Li Daxian hadn’t raised his head from the beginning!
As he watched the spiritual energy gather more and more, forming the shape of a sun in mid-air, Chen Ping’s face became anxious!
How could he have thought that a mere stone statue would have such power?
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopping Sword and kept going towards Tiger Li Daxian!
He knew that as long as Tiger Li Daxian was dead, there was no way for this stone statue, no matter how powerful it was, to strike personally!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique …………”
Chen Ping swung out sword after sword, the terrifying sword Qi whistling in mid-air!
Boom …………
The sword qi came out, but it was instantly stopped by the light that shot out from the stone statue’s eyes!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as he swung out the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, and the entire void began to tremble under the sword qi!
Tiger Li Daxian lowered his head, feeling the power bestowed by the stone statue, the aura within his entire body was growing by leaps and bounds!
The spiritual energy in the sky had reached an indescribable level!
Chen Ping looked up and his face turned blue, a roar of rage escaped his lips, and the golden light in his body once again soared by several points!
But no matter what moves Chen Ping used, he could not break the stone statue’s defences!
Seeing that the spiritual power in the sky had reached its limit!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and gave up attacking Tiger Li Daxian, instead his body leapt up and headed directly towards the ball of light in mid-air!
Du Nan looked at Chen Ping’s weak figure, surprisingly towards the sun-like ball of light in mid-air, the whole person was stunned.
At this moment, Chen Ping, meaningless moth to flame, to hit the stone with an egg!
If such a huge amount of spiritual energy coalesced together, if it exploded, the power would be unimaginable, and I am afraid that the whole Penglai Island would disappear from then on!
Seeing Chen Ping rushing towards the ball of light condensed with spiritual energy, the stone statue’s head flashed with red light, while the ball of light condensed with spiritual energy began to shoot out a ray of light.