Elder Qi looked at the captured Knight Star, and although he wanted to come to his rescue, he was unable to do so!
“Let me advise you, even if you capture the male son, it will be impossible to make King Li retreat.”
“King Li’s ambition is great, it’s impossible for him to give up this opportunity to annex Demon Emperor City for the sake of his son.”
“If his son dies, he can be born again, anyway, right now with his strength at the Transition Stage, surviving for hundreds of years is still easy.”
“Moreover, he has countless concubines in his harem, it would be easy for him to give birth to a few sons in!”
Elder Qi said to Chen Ping!
“Elder Qi, what are you talking nonsense about, my father won’t leave me alone ……”
When Li Xing heard Elder Qi’s words, he immediately roared in anger!
Elder Qi’s words, wasn’t this pushing himself towards death?
If he had no value at all, Chen Ping would definitely kill himself!
“Don’t worry, I am not asking King Li to retreat, I just want to exchange his son with him for a little something.”
Chen Ping knew that kings and lords were generally extremely cold-hearted people, giving up territory that was about to come to hand for a son, they would not do it!
Chen Ping also never even thought of using Li Xing to threaten King Li to retreat!
“What do you want in exchange?” Elder Qi asked!
“The God King Bow ……,” Chen Ping said indifferently!
“God King Bow?”
Elder Qi was instantly shocked, his eyes glaring the size of bells!
“How could the Knight King have a Divine King Bow? Are you mistaken?”
Elder Qi looked at Chen Ping in confusion!
By the looks of it, Elder Qi also knew about the Divine King Bow, but he did not know that it was in the hands of King Li!
“Whether it is in his hands or not, you can just pass the word.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly carried Knight Star towards the Demon Emperor City!
“Elder Qi, save me, save me, hurry up and tell my father to give him that whatever bow.”
Li Xing shouted!
He did not know what the God King’s Bow was, whatever it was, it was not as important as his own life!
It wasn’t until Chen Ping walked into the Demon Emperor City carrying Li Xing that that Elder Qi sighed and turned to leave!
Just as he walked into the Demon Emperor City, Yi He greeted him with his crowd.
Because the fight underneath the city had attracted the attention of the generals on the city walls, it was reported to Yi He!
When Yi He saw Chen Ping walking into the city carrying Li Xing, he couldn’t help but stare and said “Mr Chen, what is this …… situation?”
Yihe thought that Chen Ping had broken into the enemy camp at night and captured this Li Xing!
“This kid ran down the city, just happened to be seen by me, and grabbed it by …… hand.”
Chen Ping said lightly!
“Great, captured this guy, then Ming Li Wangcheng will not dare to attack the city, we can just use Li Xing to threaten his father to retreat.”
Isha said happily as she looked at the swollen face and fear-filled Knight Star!
“You’re thinking too simply, there’s no way that Knight King will retreat for Knight Star.”
Ich said slowly!
“Why? Did he watch his son die?”
Isha didn’t understand why!
Ich didn’t explain, and he didn’t know how to explain, because this was the imperial family!
If one day, Isha was caught and asked Ikh to give up the entire Demon Imperial City, Ikh probably wouldn’t give it up either!
Because he couldn’t disregard the entire Demon Imperial City’s generals for the sake of Isha!
“Alright, let’s not discuss this, even if they attack the city tomorrow, it doesn’t matter, I have already placed another attack spell formation outside, as long as they dare to attack the city, then let them have no return!”
Chen Ping could see Yihe’s embarrassment, so he hurriedly said!
“With Mr Chen here, my heart is much more solid.”
Yi Hyuk nodded, then ordered Li Xing to be put in the prison!
Everyone went to rest, waiting to meet the big battle tomorrow!