The Valley of the Wicked!
Ding Da Da led the crowd already guarding the entrance to the Valley of the Wicked.
Luo Jinzuo, on the other hand, had arrived at the Valley of the Wicked with hundreds of people from the martial arts community in the north of the Desert, in great numbers.
The two sides were facing each other from afar, swords drawn!
The scene was full of gunpowder.
Many of those watching the action all ran to the hills on either side, waiting to see a battle of the century.
“Master Ding Gu, if you hand over that Chen Ping now, I can still spare your Vicious Valley!”
Luo Jinzuo took two steps forward, and then sneered.
“Cut the f*cking crap, this is our Vicious Valley’s territory, you have come all the way here, haven’t you heard the saying that a strong dragon can’t overpower a snake on the ground?”
Ding Bu Si pointed at Luo Jin Zuo and roared.
“Humph, I’m afraid that your Vicious Man Valley is not even considered a ground-headed snake, right?”
Luo Jinzuo snorted coldly, then said contemptuously, “I’ll give you two minutes now, if you don’t hand over that Chen Ping before.”
“I will definitely let blood flow here ……”
“With just you shrimp soldiers and crab soldiers? How dare you make a scene?”
Ding Bu Si’s eyes narrowed as he said.
“Ding Bu Si, since that’s the case, then let me learn what you can do ……”
At this time, behind Luo Jinzuo, the young clan master of about thirty leapt up directly.
When Ding Bu Si looked at this young man who suddenly rushed up, he could not help but sneer, “Is there no one in your Mo Bei martial arts community? Sending a little raggedy kid to die?”
Compared to Ding Bu Si, this sect master, who was only about thirty, did seem smaller.
“Ding Bu Si, you’re just a half-step Martial Marquis, what’s the big deal, strength isn’t divided into ages.”
The young man looked at Ding Bu Si with cold eyes, “I am Fang Xing Yue, the Sect Master of the Star Moon Sect, let me learn today if the Four Villains of the Valley of Villains are a waste of time.”
This young man had signed himself up, obviously wanting to take advantage of this opportunity to raise his own popularity, and additionally in raising the popularity of his clan.
This way, it would be much easier for him to recruit disciples.
“Are you here to advertise yourself?” Ding Bu Si said with a cold smile.
“Cut the crap, do you dare to fight me?”
Fang Xing Yue yelled.
“Although it’s rather degrading to fight you, I’m afraid that if I don’t fight you, you’ll never know that you’re a waste!”
Ding Bu Si looked at Fang Xing Yue coldly and said.
“What did you say?”
Fang Xing Yue was furious, followed by an explosion of Qi all over his body, a strong and powerful Qi, coalescing in Fang Xing Yue’s hands.
“Old thing, the time that belongs to you has pa*sed, today I will let you taste my power ……”
Fang Xing Yue shouted angrily, followed by a slap towards Ding Bu Si.
Fang Xing Yue’s aura was incomparably strong, clearly having reached the strength of a half-step Martial Marquis.
“I didn’t expect that at such a young age, he has already reached the realm of a half-step Martial Marquis!”
“You don’t even look at it, to establish a sect at the age of thirty, your strength must not be low!”
“I haven’t seen this young man on the free list either, with such strength, he must have a place on the free list!”
The people on the hill were all whispering.
“Hmph, he’s not even fully grown, how dare he behave!”
Ding Bu Si finished his sentence, followed by an unhurried lift of his hand to meet him.
Boom!
A huge explosion rang out, followed by a huge energy spreading out in all directions.
Fortunately, those people who were watching were all experts, if they were ordinary people, the energy that spread out could have killed them!
Fang Xingyue’s face changed, then her body flew straight out and her whole body made an arc in mid-air.
Immediately afterwards, a mouthful of blood gushed out and fell heavily to the ground.
“This? How is this possible?”
Fang Xing Yue couldn’t believe that Ding Bu Si had defeated him so easily when he was also a half-step Martial Marquis.