“Long Wu, I never thought that after so many years, you would still dare to see me ……”
On a hill not far from the Pill God Valley, Long Jingguo looked at Long Wu with angry eyes and asked.
“Why wouldn’t I dare to see you?”
Long Wu smiled coldly, facing Long Jingguo’s father and son, Long Wu did not have the slightest bit of cowardice.
“You traitor of the Long Family, if it wasn’t for my Long Family back then, you would have been exposed to the f*cking wilderness long ago ……”
Long Jingguo shouted.
“It was Missy who saved me, what does it have to do with your Long Family?” Long Wu’s face turned cold: “You inhuman fellow, you killed your own father and imprisoned your own sister for more than twenty years, aren’t you afraid of the wrath of heaven?”
“Heaven’s wrath? I never believe in that, since you came to send me to my death today, I will give you a ride ……”
Long Jingguo was not willing to follow Long Wu’s nonsense, his palm lifted and a sharp strong wind went towards Long Wu.
Long Wu did not dodge, but slightly closed his eyes and waited for death to be general!
He was an ordinary man now, without the slightest ability to resist.
He had come this time with the determination of certain death, and he only hoped that the Four Villains would be able to safely rescue Xiao Ru, and then his death would be worth it.
But just as the strong wind reached Long Wu, four figures suddenly stopped in front of Long Wu, and it was the Four Evil Men who had arrived.
A faint light emanated from the four men’s hands, and the light spread out to form a barrier in front of them, blocking that strong wind from Long Jingguo to death!
“The Four Evil Men?”
When Long Jingguo saw the sudden appearance of the Four Evil Men, he could not help but frown.
And when Long Wu saw that the Four Evil Men had returned so quickly, his face could not help but show worry.
“Four brothers, have you rescued Xiao Ru?”
Long Wu asked a little nervously.
“Don’t worry, someone has gone to save Miss Xiao Ru, the four of us are here to protect you.”
Ding Da said to Long Wu.
“Big brother, the four of you are no match for this Long Jingguo father and son, instead of losing your lives, it would be better for me to die alone ……”
Long Wu didn’t want the four villains to follow him into danger!
“It’s our mission to protect you, and we won’t leave unless the four of us die!”
Ding Da had a firm face, and then said to Ding Bu Si, “Old Four, you protect Mr. Long Wu and go, we will catch up later ……”
Ding Bu Si nodded and pulled Long Wu about to leave, while Long Wu’s face became a kind of indescribable taste!
Once they were five brothers, but now, the four villains were treating him with respect and less of that brotherly feeling they used to have!
“Brother, take care of yourselves ……”
Long Wu knew that he was just an ordinary man now, and even if he stayed, he would just be a burden.
But just as Ding Bu Si was about to turn around and leave with Long Wu, he felt an eerie wind blow by, followed by Long Xiao stopping their way.
“Since you’re here, you can’t leave, it’s better to leave your life behind ……”
The corners of Long Xiao’s mouth lifted slightly, and he said with a contemptuous face.
“Lao Si, you guys go ……”
Ding Da Da shouted explosively, and then smashed his fist at Long Xiao!
Ding Da Da burst out all his energy, this fist smashed out, a burst of fluctuation began to appear in the air, a white gas visible to the naked eye, emitting a sound breaking through the air, heading towards Long Xiao!
At the same time as Ding Da made his move against Long Xiao, Ding Bu Er and Ding Bu San also made their moves towards Long Jing Guo at the same time.
They wanted to entangle the two at the same time so that Long Wu could have a chance to escape.
Faced with Ding BuDa’s punch, Long Xiao let out a cold snort, only to see him casually wave his hand, his hand wrapped in black mist, instantly swallowing the white power Qi.
In an instant, the powerful qi that Ding Da had smashed disappeared, while the black mist instantly penetrated Ding Da’s body, directly sending him flying out.