“Who are you?”
Seeing the person who suddenly appeared, the people of the Heavenly Underworld Gang were instantly startled!
“Qi Peijia ……”
The visitor slowly spoke!
“Qi Peijia?”The middle-aged man frowned slightly, then sized up Qi Peijia and said, “I’ve never heard of him, on the basis that you’re also a demonic cultivator, leave this place right now, otherwise don’t blame me for being impolite!”
“Just by you?”
The corner of Qi Peijia’s mouth lifted, and his body’s Transition Realm 8th Grade aura instantly erupted out!
The crowd of the Heavenly Underworld Gang was instantly pressurised by this aura, and there was even someone who directly slumped to the ground!
Feeling Qi Peijia’s aura, the middle-aged man’s eyes widened, his eyes filled with panic!
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, it’s me who has eyes and doesn’t recognise Mt. Tai ……”
The middle-aged man hurriedly apologised after Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia put away his aura, it looked like he didn’t want these people’s lives either!
“Who are you people?”
Qi Peijia asked!
“We are from the Heavenly Underworld Gang, I am the gang leader, called Zou Qi.”
The middle-aged man replied carefully!
Qi Peijia looked at Zou Qi and snorted coldly, “Heavenly Underworld Gang?Do you also know the Heavenly Underworld Eyes?”
Zou Qi looked embarrassed, then shook his head, “I don’t know how to, I just heard about the Heavenly Underworld Eye and worshipped it, that’s why I tattooed an eye on my forehead myself.”
The other members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang were surprised when they heard Zou Qi’s words!
It looked like they were also all tricked by Zou Qi and then joined this Heavenly Underworld Gang!
When Qi Peijia saw Zou Qi’s look, he couldn’t help but let out a cold smile, then one hand gently crossed over his forehead, and instantly an eye appeared all the time!
Only to see that eye blinking, the surrounding instantly turned into a dark red, a horrifying is bloody gas in the diffusion!
Looking at Qi Peijia’s appearance, Zou Qi suddenly fell to his knees!
The other members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang also knelt down.
These people of theirs were already very worshipful of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, and now that they saw that Qi Peijia actually did have the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, they were all stunned!
“Devil Father is above, disciple is honoured to see the real Heavenly Underworld Eye, we are willing to follow Devil Father.”
“We are willing to follow Devil Father ……”
The crowd of the Heavenly Underworld Gang shouted in unison!
Qi Peijia put away the Heavenly Underworld Eyes and looked at the crowd kneeling down in front of him and smiled faintly!
“Get up all of you, as long as you sincerely follow me, I will let all of you refine the Heavenly Underworld Eyes.”
Qi Peijia began to draw a big pie for these people!
Qi Peijia knew that although he was very strong, he was after all a casual cultivator and did not have his own forces at all!
Now that he had met the Heavenly Underworld Gang, it was considered the first batch of men he had recruited!
Hearing the big cake drawn by Qi Peijia, Zou Qi was trembling with excitement, “Master, you will be the master of my Heavenly Underworld Gang in the future, we will definitely follow the orders of the master ……”
Without the slightest hesitation, Zou Qi gave Qi Peijia his gang master position!
More than a gang leader position, Zou Qi was more like learning the Heavenly Underworld Eye!
“All of you get up ……,” Qi Peijia waved his hand, and Zou Qi and the others all got up!
“What are you guys doing here?”
Qi Peijia asked!
“Help master, there is definitely a treasure present in the mountain peaks in front of here.”
Zou Qi said!
“Oh, how do you know that?”Qi Peijia was a little curious as to how Zou Qi knew that there would be treasure here!
“Help master please look, this piece of rolling mountain range is a formation that was laid down, right in front of us there is a huge and incomparable formation that protects this mountain peak in the middle!”
“Something that can be protected with such a huge formation is definitely a treasure of ……”
Zou Qi followed Qi Peijia’s introduction!
“You still know about formations?”Qi Peijia looked at Zou Qi with some surprise!
Seeing that Zou Qi tattooed an eye on his forehead and said that he would do this practice of the Heavenly Underworld Eye, he should be a liar, and did not expect to know about formations!
“Slightly understand some, my subordinate not only know formation, but also understand charm art, otherwise my fake Heavenly Underworld Eye could not have fooled anyone!”
Zou Qi said awkwardly!