In just a few minutes, the Dragon Cutting Sword was back in Chen Ping’s hand, while the dozen of swords were lying on the ground in a very hectic manner!
At this moment, the sword formation had disappeared, and even the sword qi that had just erupted had disappeared along with it!
Chen Ping was holding the Zang Long Sword, and he could clearly feel the excitement of the Zang Long Sword, and there was also the strength of the Zang Long Sword, which had obviously increased a lot!
“Could it be that this Zang Long Sword can increase its own strength by sucking in the sword spirit?”
Chen Ping looked at the Zang Long Sword, his face revealing an undisguised excitement!
If things went on like this, it wouldn’t be difficult to raise the strength of the Dragon Cutting Sword to the level of a Martial Saint Artifact.
“Chen Ping, can you take your sword and show it to me?”
Hu Ma Zi looked at the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, and his eyes were filled with envy.
“Here you are ……” Chen Ping handed the Dragon Cutting Sword to Hu Pocky.
Hu Pazzi took the Dragon Cutting Sword, but the Dragon Cutting Sword shook for a while, followed by a sword Qi emitted.
It caused Pocky Hu’s hand to let go and the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly returned to Chen Ping’s hand!
“Hahahaha, Master Hu, I’m really sorry, it seems that this Dragon Cutting Sword doesn’t like you very much ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping laughed out loud.
“Hmph, a broken sword, it’s not a woman, I don’t even care for it ……”
Hu Ma Zi coldly snorted.
The two continued to walk forward, and just after walking some distance, the sword qi that had disappeared, began to appear again, and the further they went in, the more sword qi there was.
All these sword qi would automatically attack any living creature that walked in here, be it a human or an animal!
Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi could only rely on their own strength to resist the sword qi!
But the sword qi was endless and endless, while Chen Ping’s spiritual power was limited. Chen Ping was able to rely on the strength of his physical body to resist the sword qi, but Hu Ma Zi could not, and could only rely on the shield generated by his spiritual power to protect himself!
As Chen Ping went deeper, the sword energy became more and more powerful, constantly attacking Chen Ping and Hu Pazi!
By now, Hu Pocky was already gritting his teeth and holding on, his forehead covered in cold sweat, but Chen Ping was calm, after all, Chen Ping’s strength was several levels higher than Hu Pocky’s!
“Master Hu, can you still hold on?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards Pocky Hu.
“It’s hard enough, this f*cking sword qi is too powerful, so much sword qi, where the hell did it come from?”
Hu Pazzi was puzzled, they hadn’t seen a single sword on the way, apart from quite a few corpses!
But where did so much sword qi come from?
When Chen Ping saw this, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand shook slightly, and immediately emitted an aura that helped Hu Ma Zi block those sword qi!
But soon, Chen Ping found that the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand was trembling slightly, and then the sword qi around him was all swallowed into the Dragon Cutting Sword as if it had been attracted!
At this moment, the Dragon Cutting Sword was like a thirsty person who was frantically drinking water, as all the sword Qi around it was swallowed up!
Hu Ma Zi instantly felt the pressure lighten and exhaled a long breath.
With the Dragon Cutting Sword, Chen Ping and the others were walking forward to a significantly faster speed!
After walking another distance, it was obvious that the space in front of them fluctuated, and then a woman dressed in white appeared in front of Chen Ping.
The woman had a goose egg face, thin eyebrows and a moist nose, and a pair of almond eyes that shone brightly.
On her back was a long sword with a bright blue scabbard and hilt, with a faint wave of light flowing through it.
“Who are you people? How dare you intrude into the land of sword mounds, leave quickly, or don’t blame me for being ungracious ……”
The woman looked at Chen Ping and Hu Puzi with an angry face.
Hu Puzi saw the woman and saw a bright light in her eyes, then he said with a heated smile, “Such a beautiful woman, but only a soul, not useful in appearance ……”
I can see that Hu Ma Zi has a face of pity.