The guard’s eyes were wide open and his eyes were filled with panic as he struggled desperately, but he simply couldn’t break free!
“Which one is Chen Ping’s villa?”
The black shadow asked with a hoarse voice coming out of his mouth.
“Chen …… Chen is at the hilltop villa, he ……”
Click …………
Before the guard could finish his words, the guard’s neck was directly snapped, killing him instantly!
“Go!”
The two black shadows finished speaking and instantly their figures disappeared, the next moment the two black shadows had already appeared a dozen meters away!
At this moment, in the villa on the top of the hill, Su Yuqi had already woken up, her stomach was a bit hungry and she was cooking and eating in the kitchen!
The two black shadows had quietly entered the villa, and Su Yuqi didn’t even know it!
“You really have some skills, in the entire Pan Long Bay Villa, this is the only place that is still full of spiritual energy!”
One of them took a strong breath before saying with a look of enjoyment.
The two men recklessly sat down on the sofa, and when Su Yuqi made the meal and brought it out, she was shocked to find two more people on the sofa, and the plate in her hand fell to the floor!
“Who are you people? How did you get in?”
Su Yuqi asked with a pale face and a frightened expression.
The two men looked at Su Yuqi at the same time, excitement in their eyes, “I didn’t expect Chen Ping’s chick to look so handsome!”
“This time we brothers didn’t come for nothing, such a handsome chick, we can’t hurt her!”
The two men were talking to each other, neither of them paying any attention to Su Yuqi, who they had long ago treated as prey in their own hands!
Hearing the conversation between the two men, Su Yuqi’s face became even uglier, he knew that these two men were here to find Chen Ping in trouble!
“Who the hell are you people? Don’t you know that trespa*sing is against the law?”
Su Yuqi tried hard to calm himself down and continued to ask.
“Breaking the law?”
“Hahahahaha, we two brothers have never known what is against the law!”
“There is no harm in telling you, I am the Left Protector of Xuan Yue Valley and he is the Right Protector, that Chen Ping killed our Xuan Yue Valley people, we are here to seek revenge, where is he?”
The left protector asked.
“He …… he is not at home ……”
Su Yuqi shook her head, one pair of eyes sneaked a glance at the bedroom, found the bedroom door open, and prepared to run into the bedroom and close the door, then call Chen Ping!
“You don’t need to think about escaping, in front of us, no one can escape!”
The Right Protector said as he looked at Su Yuqi with a lecherous look.
Su Yuqi didn’t care about that, after gritting her teeth, she violently ran towards the bedroom!
“Hmph, little girl doesn’t listen, I’ve said you can’t escape ……”
The right protector coldly snorted, his body instantly reached behind Su Yuqi, and grabbed towards Su Yuqi with one hand!
But just as he was about to grab Su Yuqi, the jade pendant Su Yuqi was wearing suddenly flashed in red, and the right protector’s body was instantly knocked out!
Su Yuqi also ran into the bedroom and locked the door behind her, leaning against it and breathing heavily!
“A protective spirit weapon?”
The Right Protector looked at his slightly shaking palm, his eyes full of surprise!
At the same time, Chen Ping, who was drinking at the Regal Hotel, had a violent body tremor and the wine gla*s in his hand fell to the ground, instantly shattering!
“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong?”
“Chen Ping, what’s wrong?”
Everyone’s eyes fell on Chen Ping, but Chen Ping simply had no time to explain, his entire body instantly disappeared from the spot, and the next thing he knew, he appeared at the window and leapt down in a single bound!
Everyone was stunned and rushed over to check on him, this was more than ten floors and he just jumped!
When the crowd looked down through the window, they found that Chen Ping was no longer there!
“Immortal, Mr. Chen is really an immortal!”
Gu Mantian exclaimed with a shocked expression!