Luo Shouhai coldly looked at Cheng Jinghui, and a mass of blood mist around him kept surging towards his body!
These were the power of the formation, and soon Luo Shouhai’s power was climbing rapidly!
And Cheng Jinghui’s strength was rapidly declining because he didn’t have the power of the formation!
Cheng Jinghui panicked, but as he watched the formation patterns flicker around him, there was simply no way for him to escape!
“Senior brother, I …… am wrong, please spare me ……”
Cheng Jinghui started begging for mercy again!
If he had known that Luo Shouhai had the sacrificial blood formation disc in his hands, he definitely wouldn’t have opened his so-called Tong Tian Grand Formation!
“Go to hell and beg for mercy from those Blood Spirit Valley disciples!”
Luo Shouhai flew up and then slapped Cheng Jinghui’s face!
Slap!
This slap directly caused Cheng Jinghui to land heavily on the ground.
Luo Shouhai didn’t stop, he directly chased down and grabbed Cheng Jinghui’s collar left and right!
Luo Shouhai was venting his anger, dozens of disciples, were slaughtered by Cheng Jinghui, this kind of anger, only Luo Shouhai himself knew!
Luo Shouhai was carrying Cheng Jinghui, beating him from the sky to the ground, Cheng Jinghui didn’t have the slightest ability to resist!
Seeing this scene, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder breathed a sigh of relief, and he understood why Chen Ping did not allow him to make a move!
It turned out that Chen Ping had a number in his heart and knew that Luo Shouhai would definitely not lose!
Only to see that in the midst of the Sacrificial Blood Formation, Cheng Jing would be beaten up!
However, Luo Shouhai didn’t lay his hands on him, it wasn’t that Luo Shouhai didn’t want to kill him, but he wanted to make Cheng Jinghui even more miserable!
Luo Shouhai grabbed Cheng Jinghui’s collar and began to continuously wrestle him to the ground!
Those disciples of the Blood Spirit Peak, looking at Cheng Jinghui’s appearance, all of them had wide eyes and didn’t dare to let out a single fart!
That elder of the Blood Spirit Peak also had a face that was hard to see, his eyes filled with panic!
I don’t know how long it took, Cheng Jinghui only had one breath left at this moment!
Luo Shouhai slowly let go of his hand, and Cheng Jinghui fell to the ground with a plop!
As Luo Shouhai put away the array disc, the sacrificial blood array slowly disappeared!
Looking at Cheng Jinghui who only had one breath left, Luo Shouhai’s eyes didn’t seem to have any pity, now Luo Shouhai had long since stopped treating this Cheng Jinghui as his own senior brother!
“Master …… senior brother …… beg ………… ”
Cheng Jinghui was spitting blood out of his mouth, he still wanted to beg for mercy even at the end of his life, so it was evident that this guy’s desire for survival was very strong!
Only unfortunately, Luo Shouhai would not let him live!
Only to see Luo Shouhai raise his foot and without the slightest hesitation, he stomped down!
Puff!
Cheng Jinghui’s body instantly turned into a puddle of flesh and mud, even his divine soul went up in smoke under this kick!
After killing Cheng Jinghui, Luo Shouhai sat paralysed on the ground as if his strength had been drained in an instant!
“Disciples, you can rest in peace ……”
Luo Shouhai threw back his head and roared!
Cheng Jing would die, and those disciples of the Blood Spirit Peak, one by one, their bodies trembled with terror in their eyes!
Now that Cheng Jing would be dead, it would be their turn next!
They had just seen Luo Shouhai’s strength with their own eyes!
With the addition of a Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, there was no way that they, these people, would be a match!
“Old Luo, what about these Blood Spirit Peak disciples?”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man asked!
If Luo Shouhai said a word to kill, he would not hesitate to strike!
For a moment, all the disciples of Blood Spirit Peak all looked towards Luo Shouhai, their lives were in Luo Shouhai’s words!
Looking at those disciples of Blood Spirit Peak, Luo Shouhai slowly got up!
“Now that Cheng Jing will be dead, are you willing to follow me to the Blood Spirit Valley and revive the majesty of the Blood Spirit Valley?”
Luo Shouhai asked to those Blood Spirit Peak disciples!
Originally from the same origin and the same clan, these Blood Spirit Peak disciples, if they were able to bring back to the Blood Spirit Valley, with a slight change in their cultivation style, they would be able to fully adapt to the Blood Spirit Valley!
Now that there is no one left in the Blood Spirit Valley, if they were to cultivate a little bit, it would take a lot of time!
Now these disciples of Blood Spirit Peak are ready-made, so Luo Shouhai wanted to bring them back to Blood Spirit Valley!