“Believe it or not, that’s all I can say.”
Chen Ping saw that Uncle Qian still didn’t believe in it, so there was nothing else he could do!
“Then …… then are you able to tell me what method you used to enter?”
Uncle Qian asked!
Chen Ping however shook his head, there was no way he could say that he was brought in!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not say anything, Uncle Qian sighed, and his just-excited look became a bit despondent!
It could be seen that he really wanted to escape from this place!
After all, this place was all dominated by the Beast Race, and the Human Race or Demon Race were only the lowest level cultivators!
They don’t get much in the way of resources, and they often have to do dangerous things!
One might even have to be caught inside a large prison, which was why Uncle Qian and the others were thinking of resisting!
“Fellow Daoist, I can’t afford to take this immortal spirit stone from you, and I would advise you to leave Beast City as soon as possible, no matter if you really entered from the outside world or not, don’t stay here for a long time.”
“You will be exposed sooner or later if you get a human aura, moreover, Beast City will be under curfew after dark, other than the guards of the City Lord’s Mansion, no one can stay outside.”
Uncle Qian persuaded Chen Ping!
“I actually don’t want you to take my Immortal Spirit Stones, I want to acquire the Immortal Spirit Stones in your hand.”
Chen Ping said, directly taking out a large bag of Violet Gold Spirit Coins!
Seeing so much money, Uncle Qian was directly a bit baffled, then asked, “Fellow Daoist, you are only at the Transition Realm, what is the use of acquiring Immortal Spirit Stones?”
“This Immortal Spirit Stone is simply a waste for cultivators below the Immortalisation Realm to use, it’s not as good as ordinary spirit stones.”
Uncle Qian did not understand what this Chen Ping, a Ferrying Realm cultivator, was acquiring Immortal Spirit Stones for.
“Since I want it, naturally it’s useful, aren’t you acquiring Immortal Spirit Stones to earn the difference in price, wouldn’t it be the same to sell it to me directly.”
“And I can pay you Violet Gold Spirit Coins in advance, you help me acquire them in this Beast City.”
Chen Ping said, taking out another large bag of Purple Gold Spirit Coins!
Looking at the Purple Gold Spirit Coins in front of him, Uncle Qian was so shocked that he could not even speak!
He wanted to know what Chen Ping’s background was, but he knew that Chen Ping would definitely not say!
If not for the fact that Chen Ping had just revealed his human aura, Uncle Qian would have definitely assumed that Chen Ping was from the City Lord’s Mansion, after all, only someone from the City Lord’s Mansion would be able to be so rich!
“Okay, I promise you!”Uncle Qian hesitated for a moment, then quickly put away the Purple Gold Spirit Coin!
After collecting the Purple Gold Spirit Coin, Uncle Qian took out his own storage bag, which was filled with the Immortal Spirit Stones he had acquired!
“This is all for now, wait for me to continue acquiring them for you.”
“If you need a lot of Immortal Spirit Stones, you can also try to co-operate with the official acquisition points.”
Uncle Qian said!
“Don’t all the official acquisition points have to submit the Immortal Spirit Stones to the City Lord’s Mansion?”Chen Ping asked!
“Of course it has to be handed over to the City Lord’s Mansion, but how much is handed over, that City Lord doesn’t know, I can give you an address, you can go to that purchase point and take a look, I secretly have co-operation with the person in charge there as well.”
Uncle Qian said!
Chen Ping instantly understood when he heard it, this is a typical supervisor, but Chen Ping will not care what supervisor, as long as he gets the Immortal Spirit Stone!
After chatting with Uncle Qian for a while, Chen Ping left!
“What did you chat with Uncle Qian about? Chatting for half a day?”
After Chen Ping came out, the youngest sister asked at Chen Ping!
“Nothing, just bargaining!”Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“You guy, how come you have such a large Immortal Spirit Stone in your hand, it should be worth a lot of money, right? Is it worth five hundred purple gold spirit coins?”
Missy asked excitedly, it looked like she was trying to follow Chen Ping to borrow money!
“Which is not, it’s just a hundred Purple Gold Spirit Coins!”
Chen Ping said.