“The big formation is really gone, really broken ……”
Hu Da’s voice came out of the blood-coloured monster’s mouth.
“Kid, even if you broke our grand formation, you don’t think you’ll be able to escape.”
Hu Er roared angrily!
“Who said I’m going to escape, without this grand formation, how long can you guys maintain this form?”
“And with your physical bodies turned to ashes, with just your two spirit bodies, I have a hundred more ways to make your lives worse than death!”
Chen Ping said with a face full of teasing!
Seeing Chen Ping in that form, the Hu Clan brothers panicked!
Without the Great Formation, they wouldn’t be able to maintain this form for long at all!
“Kid, since you have destroyed our physical bodies, we will take you over, seeing as this physical body of yours is quite strong, when the time comes, we can even use this body of yours to turn in.”
Saying that, the Scarlet Monster went straight towards Chen Ping, his scarlet eyes filled with killing intent!
Chen Ping was relieved when he saw that the two fell for it!
These two fellows, who still wanted to take over their physical bodies, caused Chen Ping to be ecstatic inside!
One must know that Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was not something that anyone could destroy, not to mention the fact that Chen Ping had the Great Luo Golden Canon in his sea of consciousness, which no one could shake!
“Ochre Amazing, in a moment when these two guys take over my physical body, you must not be exposed, just stay quietly in the sea of consciousness.”
Chen Ping instructed Ochre Amazing!
“Mr Chen, I understand, these two fellows are really like fools, they still dare to come and take over Mr Chen.”
Ochre Yan nodded!
Chen Ping looked at the blood-coloured monster that rushed over and slammed his fist over!
Only this fist directly penetrated the body of the blood-coloured monster, followed by countless fine blood mist that invaded Chen Ping’s body in rapid succession along the way!
Chen Ping’s bones and meridians trembled, and then this blood mist went straight to Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
As the blood mist filled the air, Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness trembled, and going Chen Ping acted in great pain!
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping screamed miserably, which made the Hu brothers happy inside!
The souls of the two brothers began to continuously impact Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, they wanted to dominate this body of Chen Ping!
Soon, the blood mist enveloped all of Chen Ping.
Immediately after that, Chen Ping’s entire body became eyeless, while the blood-coloured monstrosity dispersed with a loud bang, turning into a mass of blood mist!
This blood mist also entered Chen Ping’s body together!
“Big brother, it’s done ……”
Hu Er’s voice unexpectedly rang out from Chen Ping’s mouth!
“Sure enough it’s done, this kid’s flesh is really strong, when the time comes in seizing a flesh body for you, our two brothers will live in style again.”
Hu Da said with great satisfaction!
“Big brother, this kid’s flesh is strong, and also has a lightning origin, I want this flesh ah, the two of us are the most compatible.”
Hu Er also liked this flesh body of Chen Ping!
“Brother, this kid’s Origin Space is definitely not as good as yours, when the time comes, I’ll find a way to find you a physical body, and I’ll find the one that possesses the Thunderbolt Origin.”
Hu Da did not want to give Chen Ping’s physical body away, so he said perfunctorily!
“That’s fine, I’ll first look at how big this kid’s origin space is, and brag that his origin space is the universe and stars ……”
Hu Er said, and entered Chen Ping’s Origin Space!
Upon entering Chen Ping’s Origin Space, Hu Er instantly froze!
Because at this moment, he felt like he was in the middle of a cosmic river of stars, the sky was filled with stars, a few of which were particularly bright!
“This ………… this ………… is too damn outrageous, isn’t it? ”
Hu Er was so shocked that his jaw dropped!
He didn’t expect that Chen Ping was actually telling the truth, and he even wanted to use his Origin Power to burst Chen Ping!
Now that he thought about it, it was simply a joke!
“Brother, how is it?” Hu Da asked!
“Brother, come and see, this kid’s Origin Space is actually really a cosmic star river.”
Hu Er excitedly greeted Hu Da!