Although he had struck Chen Ping, his entire arm felt as if it had been wasted, and there was also a fiery pain coming from the palm of his hand, as if it had been scorched by fire!
“Damn, what kind of treasure armour is this kid wearing, it’s so sturdy, and there’s also a Supreme Fire to defend himself, it seems that he can’t tangle with him in close quarters.”
Elder Liu felt the burning sensation coming from his palms, he absolutely could not be following Chen Ping in close quarters!
Chen Ping flew out backwards for several miles before his figure stabilised!
“This fellow, what did he just drink, his body is actually emitting an aura that affects his mind.”
Chen Ping was puzzled, just now, in that Elder Liu’s outburst of aura, he had actually put himself in a trance for a moment, which allowed this fellow to get his hands on him!
If Chen Ping did not have the Unbreakable Golden Body to protect his body, in addition to his strong physical body, with that palm just now, Chen Ping was afraid that he would have been seriously injured!
A touch of gravity appeared on Chen Ping’s face.
He had just been a little too gullible and had not put this Elder Liu in his eyes, but he did not want to almost fall into this Elder Liu’s way!
Not only did this fellow know the art of formations, he didn’t expect to have this peculiar drug on him!
“Elder, that aura just now, did you detect it?”
Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was in his own sea of consciousness, just now under his own trance, his sea of consciousness must have reacted, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch should also know!
“That black liquid that this guy just drank, it should be a poison refined with the whale demon’s blubber, this kind of thing can make a person’s mind slow down.”
“I was also a bit careless just now, but there won’t be a next time, the old me is in your sea of consciousness, and I still let someone lay hands on your divine sense, wouldn’t I be too faceless.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
Hearing the Red Cloud Demon Monarch say this, Chen Ping’s heart immediately became bold!
Then he executed the Royal Fire Steps and instantly arrived in front of that Elder Liu!
“You fellow, you even use underhanded tricks, but even if you use underhanded tricks, you will never want to hurt me.”
Chen Ping looked at that Elder Liu with a cold smile and said.
“Kid, I know that you have a treasure armour to protect your body, but let me see how many times this treasure armour of yours can resist my attacks.”
When Elder Liu finished speaking, he slapped his palm out!
The black palm print carried a strange aura towards Chen Ping!
This aura instantly surged into Chen Ping’s body and began to affect Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness.
However, when the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was in Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, he gently waved his hand, and the aura of that aura instantly disappeared, not affecting Chen Ping in the slightest.
Looking at the black palm print, Chen Ping’s body gently sidestepped and directly dodged it.
Elder Liu was stunned, then he swung out a few palms again, but every time, Chen Ping dodged it, it looked like Chen Ping was not affected in the slightest.
“What …… is going on here?”
Elder Liu was dumbfounded, not understanding how Chen Ping was suddenly unaffected.
“Hmph, you wanted to affect my sanity, but unfortunately, I have already recognised it.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly.
“Kid, don’t be complacent, this is above the sea, we have lived in this sea for many years and have long since become the masters of the sea.”
As Elder Liu finished speaking, his fingertips unexpectedly forced out fresh blood!
Ten fingertips continuously dripped blood, which dripped into the sea!
Soon, the sea began to boil, raising a huge wave, which slapped that spirit boat to the point of falling apart.
Along with a black shadow appearing, ten huge whale demons leapt out of the sea.
Each whale demon was the size of a small mountain, and the situation of them leaping out of the sea at the same time was simply like covering the sky.
The crimson eyes of these whale demons lit up as they let out a terrifying roar, as if their sanity was affected.
Just after leaping out of the water, they launched an attack towards Chen Ping!
The whale demons opened their bloody mouths, revealing sharp teeth, as if they wanted to swallow Chen Ping straight away.