Qi Peijia’s poison pill was really strong, and it took Chen Ping a full half a day to help force the poison out of Fire Phoenix’s body!
Fortunately, there was Bai Shallow guarding outside, Chen Ping was still relieved in his heart!
After all, Bai Shallow was a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, and ordinary cultivators were not her enemy at all!
“Where are we going? I’m afraid that this Divine Demon Battlefield will be closed in a few days.”
Bai Shallow said after seeing Chen Ping follow Fire Phoenix out!
“Let’s take one step at a time, although there are many opportunities in this Divine Demon Battlefield, the dangers are also great, it’s better to rely on luck!”
Chen Ping did not have much expectation for treasure hunting in the Divine Demon Battlefield at this moment!
After all, the Divine Demon Battlefield was a vast area, and to find treasures left behind in such a place was indeed like finding a needle in a haystack!
Not to mention that Chen Ping now had a Spirit Beast Egg, although he did not know what kind of Spirit Beast was inside the Spirit Beast Egg, but it certainly would not be a mortal object!
“Well then, let’s just take a casual look around ……”
Bai Shan also nodded!
This time when she entered the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, Bai Shallow had met Chen Ping, and following Chen Ping’s bloodline fusion had improved her bloodline quite a bit, and Bai Shallow felt it was worth it, and as for whether or not she would be able to find the treasures, it didn’t matter anymore!
Chen Ping was now Bai Shao’s best treasure, if she could keep following Chen Ping to fuse her bloodline, and then if she had an heir by then, then her bloodline would become stronger and stronger in the future!
However, this was only Bai Shao’s wishful thinking, after all, after leaving the Divine Demon Battlefield, Chen Ping wouldn’t be able to use her anymore, and then she wouldn’t be allowed to follow, and she wouldn’t have to be threatened!
Bai Shao could see that Chen Ping was not short of women, so he would not waste too much of his feelings and energy on a demoness like her!
Chen Ping and the three of them walked aimlessly.
And at this time, in a mountain peak that was only a few hundred miles away from them, the Ning Clan’s people were exploring the mountain range!
“Old Ancestor, how can you tell that this place is capable of having treasures?”
Ning Caichen asked Ning Zhi with some confusion!
“It feels ……”
Ning Zhi’s face was grave as he spoke faintly!
Ning Caichen didn’t dare to ask any more questions and could only follow behind!
And at this moment, a huge underground crack suddenly appeared in front of them, a crack that looked as if it had been chopped out by the sword of some immortal!
The crack stretched for a hundred miles and was so deep that it couldn’t see the bottom, and it was filled with black gas, like a big mouth waiting to devour everything at any time!
Looking at the huge crack in front of them, the Ning Clan’s crowd all had their hearts pounding, and no one dared to look directly into the depths of that crack!
Ning Zhi, on the other hand, looked at the bottomless crack with a few moments of excitement in his eyes!
“Send a few people down to explore, there are definitely treasures within this crack ……”
Ning Zhi opened his mouth and said!
“Old Ancestor, this …… This crack is filled with an eerie atmosphere, I’m afraid it’s not some kind of demonic cultivator’s land, if we go in, it’ll be dangerous, right?”
Ning Caichen was able to feel the gusts of Yin Qi emerging from within the crack , so he asked in a low voice!
“No matter what place it is, we’re here to find treasure, and this is supposed to be a battlefield of gods and demons, so even if there is such a place of demonic cultivation, are we allowed to back out?”
Ning Zhi’s face sank as he said!
Seeing this, Ning Caichen didn’t dare to say anything else and hurriedly sent two people down into the crack to explore the path!
Ning Zhi and the others followed behind and jumped into the crack!
The crack was filled with black gas, and was simply too deep to see the bottom!
As the Ning family members descended, they could only hear the sound of the whistling wind and couldn’t see anything!
This kind of environment tested one’s endurance the most!
Ning Caichen constantly exuded his divine sense, following the two people in front of him who were exploring the path to maintain contact!
As long as the two people in front of them were in a situation, they could be the first ones to react!
Snap, snap…………
Suddenly, two crunching sounds appeared, Ning Caichen froze, then understood what this sound was, and hurriedly said, “Everyone be careful, to the bottom ……”