Song Tie was also clutching Song ZuDe’s arm to death, inwardly tense!
“Hahahaha, Song ZuDe, don’t have any illusions, within Grandmaster Ma’s spell formation, he is a god, he is the master, no one can win against him!”
Feng Yi laughed uncontrollably!
Boom boom boom …………
Soon, a sound of fighting came from within the mist, but no one could see exactly what was going on with the two people inside!
“This spell formation of yours isn’t that great either!”
All that could be heard was a cold snort from Chen Ping, followed by the thick fog that was actually dissipating at a speed visible to the naked eye, and soon disappeared, while the figures of the two men appeared in front of the crowd again!
Chen Ping was still standing in his original position, but when he looked at Grandmaster Ma, his cheeks were already red and five bright red fingerprints were clearly visible!
Master Ma’s eyes blinked and recovered as before, looking deadly at Chen Ping with a bit of anger in his eyes!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Song Tie hurriedly asked to Chen Ping.
“Do I look like I’m not alright to you? The one in trouble should be that old thing, I reckon he doesn’t have a single tooth left!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
And that Feng Yi, seeing that look on Grandmaster Ma’s face, cautiously spoke out and asked, “Grandmaster Ma, are you alright?”
“I …………”
That Grandmaster Ma opened his mouth, and all the teeth in his mouth actually crackled and fell out of his mouth onto the ground!
“Hehehe …………”
Seeing this, Song Tie couldn’t help but laugh out loud!
That Song ZuDe and Liu ChengYin couldn’t help but laugh too!
Even Feng Yi himself, looking at Grandmaster Ma’s appearance, couldn’t help but laugh a little, but he tried hard to make himself hold it in!
Anger erupted from Grandmaster Ma’s eyes, “Kid, I’ll let you die without a burial!”
With that, that Grandmaster Ma’s head of white hair began to blow without wind, as if he was a devil!
“Cut the crap, keep using it if you have the ability!”
Chen Ping sneered!
The black fog suddenly became like a fierce ghost heading towards Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, this fog is poisonous ……”
Seeing this, Song Tie hurriedly warned Chen Ping!
Many people had just been poisoned by this fog, which is why she warned Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping didn’t care, instead he fiercely opened his mouth, “Such a delicious treat, how can I let it go!”
The black mist was sucked directly into Chen Ping’s stomach, and then he patted his stomach and said, “Is there any more, I’m not full yet!”
“Hahahaha, kid, do you know what these are, and you dare to inhale them into your stomach?”
Master Ma burst out laughing when he saw that Chen Ping had actually swallowed the black mist.
“I don’t care what it is, if you have it, I’ll still eat it!”
Chen Ping said without a care!
“Hmph, you won’t be so rampant when you die from a million arrows and poison in a moment!”
Master Ma snorted coldly before his body leapt up and a huge aura pressed towards Chen Ping!
“Dying of poison? Just this poisonous aura, it’s not even close!”
Chen Ping finished as his body similarly erupted with a burst of terrifying aura.
The two auras collided into each other, instantly sending sand and rocks flying, many boulders becoming shattered!
Grandmaster Ma frowned, he couldn’t imagine that Chen Ping could still emit such a terrifying aura after being hit by his own poisonous Qi!
But that Grandmaster Ma did not stop, he knew that Chen Ping’s poison would soon take effect, and now was the time to kill him!
So with a lift of his hand, a very large palm instantly appeared in the air, with a roaring flame burning above it!
“Kid, I’ll give you a taste of my Flaming Palm!”
The huge palm pressed towards Chen Ping, while the burning flames, a wave of heat hit him, causing everyone around him to dodge far away!