Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi with a face of excitement and gratitude!
“Mr Shi, can you now tell me how I can enhance the strength of this Dragon Cutting Sword?”
Chen Ping asked to Mr. Shi.
“Of course you can!”
Mr. Shi finished speaking and looked towards Xing Jun, who seemed to have been ready for a long time and pulled out a map from his arms!
Mr. Shi opened the map, and then pointed his finger, “This place, there will be a relic opening recently, and you will understand how to improve the strength of the Dragon Cutting Sword when that time comes.”
“Ice Bear Island?” Chen Ping was stunned, “This is not my Da Xia territory, right?”
Mr. Shi nodded, “Not bad, this is the land of the Bear Kingdom, but it follows our border, and there are quite a few Daxia people living there as well, it’s a place for trade!”
Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi with some confusion, “Why would Mr. Shi also know about the resources abroad?”
“Hahahaha, that the Martial Alliance can know about so many resource places, can’t I, as an official, know some of them? There are a lot of things in this that you don’t have to understand either!”
“Just remember, after you get out, you’ll be completely on your own, and with this relic opening, it’s expected that there will be many experts going there.”
Mr. Shi admonished.
Chen Ping nodded, “Thank you Mr. Shi for reminding me, I will keep it in mind ……”
After Chen Ping left the Protector’s Pavilion, he returned to Dragon Gate and immediately found Hu Ma Zi and Fan Jiang!
After all, these two people had a lot of knowledge, so ask them if they knew about the Ice Bear Island ruins.
“I don’t know, this foreign matter is something I rarely get involved in ……”
Hu Pazi shook his head and said.
On the contrary, that Fan Jiang frowned slightly and seemed to be thinking about something, then said, “If I remember correctly, hundreds of years ago there should have been a very large sect on that Ice Bear Island, called the Asking Sword Sect, the entire sect used swords, and there were many sword makers inside the Asking Sword Sect!”
“At that time, many sword masters went to the Sword Asking Sect to seek advice, and many of them returned in defeat, only that later, for some unknown reason, the Sword Asking Sect seemed to have disappeared into thin air!”
“There was once a rumour that a spirit sword from the Asking Sword Sect had become possessed and uncontrollable, killing everyone from the Asking Sword Sect overnight!”
“But whether or not it’s true exactly, I don’t know anymore, it’s all just rumors ……”
Hearing Fan Jiang say so, Chen Ping immediately felt that this relic followed that Asking Sword Sect must have something to do with it.
Mr. Shi pointed out this relic, in order to let his own Zenglong sword to improve the strength, then this ask the sword sect also follow the spirit sword related, must be right!
“Two days later, you guys go with me to the Ice Bear Island, the relic above that Ice Bear Island is open, it is probably this Ask the Sword Sect relic!”
Chen Ping said to Fan Jiang and Hu Pazi.
Fan Jiang didn’t say anything, but Hu Puzi bristled, “That sh*tty place, I guess it can freeze to death, it’s too painful to go there!”
“Master Hu, with your current strength, you’re not even afraid of the cold when you’re naked, what’s there to freeze to death.”
Fan Jiang asked, puzzled.
Chen Ping knew that Pocky Hu just didn’t want to go so far away, how nice it was inside the gentle country!
“Master Hu, I’ve heard that the women in the Bear Country have blue hair and blue eyes, and each one is very developed, is that true?”
Chen Ping pretended not to know anything and asked for advice.
When Hu Puzi heard this, his eyes straightened out, “Yes, yes, and they are tall, I will go and prepare, we will leave in two days ……”
Looking at Hu Pazzi’s appearance, Fan Jiang laughed: “Mr. Chen is now pinching Master Hu, to death ……”
After deciding to go to Ice Bear Island, Chen Ping used the time to check out the information on the Asking Sword Sect!
It was a pity that there was very little information on the Asking Sword Sect, after all, it already belonged to a sect outside of China, so there wasn’t a lot of information that Chen Ping wanted to look up!
On the last day before his departure, Chen Ping suddenly received a call from Gu Ling’er, asking him to go to the Red Lotus Palace!
Chen Ping thought something had happened and hurried over there!