When Gu Ling’er heard this, her face suddenly panicked, and she hurriedly followed Su Yuqi to explain, “Yuqi, I was afraid that the Jiang family would find Chen Ping’s trouble, so I let Chen Ping temporarily live here with me, but he has been living on a sofa …… ”
Seeing that Gu Ling’er was a little flustered, Su Yuqi smiled faintly, “Ling’er, you don’t need to explain, I believe you!”
Su Yuqi’s words made Gu Ling’er feel groundless!
“It’s such a long way, did you come by yourself? How dangerous is it?”
Chen Ping asked to Su Yuqi.
“Lin Tianhu sent me here, he went to park the car and will be up soon ……”
When Su Yuqi finished speaking, Lin Tianhu was already coming up!
“Mr Chen ……”
Lin Tianhu shouted respectfully after seeing Chen Pingzhi!
“How is it? Is the body alright?”Chen Ping asked with concern.
“It’s fine, I feel even better than at the beginning!”
Lin Tianhu laughed!
“Come, let’s eat together, I’ve made a lot today!”
Gu Ling’er greeted Su Yuqi and Lin Tianhu as they ate together!
After eating, the two girls, Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi went shopping, after all, shopping was a girl’s favourite!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took Lin Tianhu to the Red Phoenix Hall, since they were both from the halls under him, Chen Ping felt that Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix should get to know each other!
“Hall Master, you said that Red Phoenix Hall is also our Heavenly Dragon Hall’s hall?”
On the way, Lin Tianhu asked Chen Ping with some surprise.
“Yes, that Red Phoenix recognised my Heavenly Dragon Ring at a glance!”
Chen Ping nodded!
“I really didn’t expect that the biggest gang in the provincial city would be one of our own, this time, Your Highness won’t have to fear anything in the provincial city!”
Lin Tianhu’s face wore a strong look of shock!
After arriving at Red Phoenix Hall, Red Phoenix heard that Chen Ping had arrived and personally rushed to greet him!
Seeing Lin Tianhu beside Chen Ping, Red Phoenix was slightly stunned, but she quickly reacted and smiled faintly towards Lin Tianhu and nodded as a greeting!
And when Lin Tianhu saw Red Phoenix, especially with that slight smile, his entire body froze at the sight.
“Hello, my name is Red Phoenix!”Red Phoenix graciously extended her hand!
And Lin Tianhu blushed, somewhat flustered as he shook hands after Red Phoenix and said, “My name is Lin Tianhu!”
“Master Tiger’s name rings a bell, the underground emperor of Hongcheng really lives up to his name!”
Red Phoenix bragged to Lin Tianhu.
“Shame, shame ……”
Although Lin Tianhu was a big old man, no matter in terms of strength or power, he was far from following Red Phoenix!
After exchanging a few pleasantries, Red Phoenix invited Chen Ping and Lin Tianhu to a secret room!
“Your Highness, I am in the middle of something to find you now, tomorrow, the Martial Arts Alliance will hold a ring competition, since that Jiang family is targeting Your Highness in every way, so I want to kill that Jiang Zhengzhong in the ring competition!”
Red Phoenix said to Chen Ping.
“Are you sure?”Chen Ping asked.
“Yes!”Red Phoenix nodded firmly, “In fact, my strength has also stepped into the ranks of the Inner Strength Sect Masters long ago, the reason why I have hidden my strength all these years is for the sake of surprise!”
“Yes!”Chen Ping nodded his head and said, “Can I go and take a look at this ring match?”
“Of course you can, just go with me tomorrow, Your Highness!”
Red Phoenix said!
After staying in the Red Phoenix Hall for an hour or so, Chen Ping left with Lin Tianhu!
“Lin Tianhu, what about Red Phoenix?”
On the way back, Chen Ping suddenly smiled and said.
“Ah, it’s quite good now, the person is pretty, and the strength is still strong ……”
Lin Tianhu drove the car and said instinctively.
“Then there’s a chance, I’ll set you two up!”
Chen Ping actually found out just now that Lin Tianhu always secretly looked at Chifeng from the side, with adoration in his eyes!
“It’s not appropriate, is it? After all, the difference in strength between the two of us is too much …………”
Lin Tianhu said with an inferiority complex!
“Don’t you care, leave this matter to me!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and leaned back in his seat to rest!