“Sacred Beast Palace, never heard of it ……”
Who knew, but Chen Ping had never heard of the Sacred Beast Palace at all!
This infuriated Xiang Chong.
“Chen Ping, do you really want to go through this messy water?”
Xiang Chong asked as he looked at Chen Ping angrily.
“That’s right!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
“Big Brother Chen, teach this guy a good lesson, this guy is bad, he has been lecherously eyeing our Red Lotus Palace for a long time, and he even said he wanted to sleep with all the women in our Red Lotus Palace ……”
Xiao Min looked angrily at Xiang Chong and said to Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, in a moment I will make him a eunuch and never think of women again ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Chen Ping, you are deceiving people too much, do you really think I am afraid of you, I am a half-step Martial Marquis, these men of mine are all at the Martial Sect realm, we join forces and we still can’t fight you?”
Xiang Chong roared angrily, his body’s energy flourishing out.
Immediately afterwards, the oppressive Qi within Xiang Chong’s body began to envelop towards Chen Ping.
Those behind Xiang Chong also emitted a terrifying aura, pressing down on Chen Ping.
But Chen Ping was not the least bit bothered, a half-step Martial Marquis, plus a few Martial Sects, he could still handle it.
Xiang Chong’s terrifying Qi brought up a gust of wind, then he shouted angrily and smashed his fist towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping snorted coldly and lightly raised his hand, grabbing Xiang Chong’s fist with one hand.
This time, Xiang Chong froze, followed by a desperate struggle.
Unfortunately, no matter how hard he tried, he was unable to break free from Chen Ping’s restraint.
“With this level of strength, how dare you come out to find a woman?”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful look at Xiang Chong.
Xiang Chong gulped, a look of horror on his face, he did not expect that his strength of a half-step Martial Marquis would be unbearable in front of Chen Ping.
At this moment, the Martial Sects behind Xiang Chong were also dumbfounded, and did not dare to make a move even though they had set up a stance.
Chen Ping’s strength was beyond their imagination, even Xiang Chong, who was a half-step Martial Martial Martial Marquis, was so unbearable, so even if they went up there, they would be sending themselves to their death.
At this moment, Ji Ru Xue changed her clothes and came out.
When she saw that Xiang Chong was lightly controlled by Chen Ping, her whole body was a bit dumbfounded.
How could it be that Xiang Chong was a half-step Martial Marquis, how could he be subdued so easily?
At this moment, Xiao Min was full of admiration and excitement.
“Big brother Chen, you are fantastic, kill him, kill him ……”
Xiaomin jumped up with joy.
“Don’t, don’t kill me …… please don’t kill me ……”
Xiang Chong said with a face full of panic and trembling.
“If you say don’t kill, then what kind of person do I become? Why should I listen to you?”
Chen Ping said, and slapped his palm towards Xiang Chong.
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing this, Ji Ru Xue hurriedly spoke out to stop Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at Ji Ru Xue in surprise.
Ji Ru Xue said, “Mr. Chen, this Xiang Chong is the righteous son of the Sacred Beast Palace Master Fei Qingping, if you kill him, I am afraid that the Sacred Beast Palace will find you in trouble ……”
Ji Ru Xue was afraid that Chen Ping would be in trouble in the future, not to mention that she only hoped that she could just drive this Xiang Chong away.
If they really killed Xiang Chong, they Red Lotus Palace was afraid that there would be no way to stay in the south.
“Yes, if you kill me, my righteous father will not spare you ……”
Xiang Chong threatened at Chen Ping.
“D*mn it, I hate threats ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he slapped a palm on that Xiang Chong’s head.
Xiang Chong’s head directly burst like a watermelon, dead beyond repair.
When the few people Xiang Chong had brought with him saw this, they turned their heads in fear and ran away, but Chen Ping didn’t bother with them either.
Looking at Xiang Chong’s dead state, the scene was silent!
Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Ping with a shocked face!
“Mr. Chen, thank you ……”
After a long while, Ji Ru Xue thanked Chen Ping.
Ji Ru Xue’s eyes were filled with tenderness and admiration, she liked men like Chen Ping.
“Many thanks to Mr. Chen ……”
Everyone in the Red Lotus Palace, all of them thanked towards Chen Ping.