The five great sects!
Chen Ping and the others had been surrounded.
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, Luo Shouhai, Bai Shao and Sheng Bushi were also injured one after another!
The people from the Heavenly Sea Sect, the Heavenly Sun Sect and the Heavenly Moon Sect had surrounded Chen Ping and the others, each with greed in their eyes!
After all, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offering was just too tempting!
On the other hand, Hai Dafu, Patriarch Yang, and Patriarch Yue smiled at each other!
Although Patriarch Luo did not allow them to take action against Chen Ping, everyone could not afford to part with the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings!
All of them had their own agenda, and now they had gathered together!
In their eyes, Chen Ping was already a piece of fish on the plate, to be slaughtered at will!
“Will you kill yourself, or will you let us do it ourselves?”
Hai Dafu looked towards Chen Ping and asked with a teasing face!
Chen Ping did not say a word, but the cold aura that erupted from the bottom of his eyes flickered continuously!
At this moment, Chen Ping, within the Origin Space, all the Origin Stars were flickering!
Since death was unavoidable, Chen Ping intended to put up a fight and take away as many as he could!
Seeing that Chen Ping was even trying to resist, Hai Dafu’s few people had a cold smile on their faces!
“You are truly ungrateful, since you are not going to kill yourself, then don’t blame us for being impolite, all of you are going to die ……”
After Hai Da Fu finished speaking, the aura of his body raged out!
Now that the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the others were seriously injured, only Chen Ping was left, and there was no way to resist Hai Dafu’s aura!
“Patriarch Hai, have you taken my words for granted?”
Right at this moment, there was a sudden cold shout, followed by a huge aura that directly suppressed Hai Dafu’s rampaging aura!
Only to see Patriarch Luo followed by Patriarch Chen arriving with his men!
Patriarch Luo’s face was very ugly!
Seeing Patriarch Luo, Hai Dafu’s expression changed slightly!
“Patriarch Luo, if you don’t despise the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, you can’t stop us, can you?”
Hai Dafu said as he looked towards Patriarch Luo!
After all, behind Hai Dafu there were two more Patriarch Yue and Patriarch Yang, and inside the five great clans, all three now wanted to kill Chen Ping, so Hai Dafu had some backbone!
“You guys can’t either, if you want to kill him, unless you kill me first ……”
Patriarch Luo said with an angry face!
“Patriarch Luo, what do you have to do with following the kid that you have to help him?”
Patriarch Yang asked with great dissatisfaction!
“There’s no relationship whatsoever, I don’t care if he walks out of our five great sects’ quarters and lets anyone kill him, but he can’t be killed within our five great sects.”
“I can’t control others, but I can’t let such damaging things occur within our five great clans, our ancestors founded the clans, wanting to uphold justice and get rid of demons.”
“Although the general environment of the Celestial Realm is like this right now, we should at least be worthy of our ancestors and retain the last bit of conscience in our hearts, right?We can’t just kill people for our own benefit.”
“And that Demon Sealing Alliance isn’t a good thing either, what has the Demon Sealing Alliance done for so many years?Excluding dissidents, using the excuse of cutting down demons and eliminating devils as an excuse to continuously grow their own power.”
“Have you forgotten the time when the Demon Sealing Alliance also wanted to annex us?”
Patriarch Luo roared at the top of his voice!
Only, Hai Dafu and the others obviously couldn’t listen, after all, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings were too tempting!
Patriarch Luo also seemed to be able to tell that Hai Dafu and the others would not stop, so he turned to Chen Ping and said, “You take your friends and go first ……”
Chen Ping glanced at Patriarch Luo, and then led the crowd, helping each other towards the outside of the Five Great Sect Gates!
Seeing this, Hai Dafu and the others wanted to step in to stop them, but they were forced back by Patriarch Luo’s palm, “Don’t force me to kill each other, if you all want to die, then there is no need for the five great sects to exist.”
Hai Da Fu’s eyes were filled with anger, but they no longer dared to block, they were very afraid of Patriarch Luo!
Chen Ping led the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and the others out of the Five Great Sect Residences!
Then he glanced back, in Chen Ping’s eyes, a murderous intent was rising, one day, Chen Ping would return.
Ji Yun, Fire Phoenix and their blood cannot be shed in vain ……