“Father, I was beaten up by that Chen Ping, you should always avenge me!”
Lin Ke Dong said!
“Revenge?”Lin Chong’s eyes glared, “Do you still want face? You, a peak 9th rank of the Mahayana realm, were beaten by a 2nd rank of the Mahayana realm and spat blood from your mouth, and you still have the nerve to say revenge?”
“You get the hell out of here and go to the Thoughtful Cliff to think about the past, and apart from the necessary healing medicines, you are not allowed to be sending resources to you either!”
Lin Ke Dong heard, all dumbfounded, hurriedly shouted, “Father, not fair, not fair, little sister she ……”
“Pull away, pull away ……”
Lin Chong impatiently waved his hand!
Lin Kefan was about to pull Lin Kedong down, but Lin Kedong got up violently and roared, “Father Emperor, even if that Chen Ping beat me, you don’t take revenge just forget it, but he cursed my mother, you have to take care of it, right?”
“He cursed your mother? Cursed what?”
Lin Chong frowned!
“That Chen Ping is rampant to the extreme, he hit me, you can not take revenge for me, but he also said he wanted to play with my mum, you can’t just ignore it, right?”
Lin Ke Dong said!
Boom!
Lin Chong only felt his body’s aura instantly explode, followed by a hard slap on the stone table in front of him!
The stone table directly turned into powder and disappeared without a trace!
“Good big guts, this kind of words dare to say out, he even zhang …………” Lin Chong only felt that he was too angry to say anything, panting heavily, then said to Lin Kefan:”Ke Fan, you bring that Chen Ping to me immediately ……”
“Father, that Chen Ping he ……”
“Shut up, I told you to bring people, right away ……” Lin Chong’s eyes were round, they were about to spit out fire!
Lin Kefan saw this, and did not dare to say anything more, hurriedly turned around and left!
When Lin Ke Dong saw this, he smiled, he knew that that Chen Ping was definitely going to be out of luck!
Because Lin Chong was famous for loving his daughter-in-law, now that Chen Ping had said such blasphemous words about his daughter-in-law, Lin Chong would never be able to forgive him lightly!
“Get out ……”
Looking at the smug Lin Ke Dong, Lin Chong yelled!
Lin Ke Dong’s body trembled, then under Lin Ruoya’s support, he left the hall!
“Emperor Lin, rest your anger, there might be some misunderstanding here ……”
At this moment, Daoist Wuji walked out from behind the grand hall!
“Taoist Master, what kind of man did you find for Ting’er? Simply no quality at all.”
“Even …… even the mother in law wants to play, what kind of behaviour is this ……”
Lin Chong was so angry that he was embarrassed to say it!
“Emperor Lin, I think that even if that Chen Ping said such words, he should have said them without knowing.”
“I also hope that Emperor Lin will think twice ah, right now Ting’er is thinking about that Chen Ping day and night, you don’t want Ting’er to break her heart.”
Taoist Master Wuji advised Lin Chong, don’t be so impulsive as to get Chen Ping killed!
Although Chen Ping was very powerful now, the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm was no match!
But facing Lin Chong, that was still like a mole cricket, Lin Chong could kill Chen Ping with one hand!
Not to mention that Sun Moon City was such a huge power, would it be possible for Chen Ping, a tiny second rank of the Mahayana realm, to fight against it!
“Daoist, whether it’s a misunderstanding or not, when we bring that kid here, I’ll let him suffer some flesh and blood first.”
“Playing with someone else’s mother at a young age, how can this be, for Ting’er’s sake, I’ll teach that Chen Ping a good lesson as well!”
Lin Chong was really angry, even if he didn’t kill Chen Ping, he still wanted to teach Chen Ping a lesson!
Seeing this, Daoist Wuji stopped persuading him, as long as he didn’t kill Chen Ping, as for teaching him a lesson, it was normal to suffer some flesh and blood!
Right now, Daoist Wuji was hoping that Chen Ping would not follow Lin Kefan in the conflict!
If these two were fighting, it was going to be lively, and if they accidentally hurt each other, the misunderstanding would get worse and worse!
“Brat, you’d better be able to follow obediently, don’t ever be a mouthy bitch!”
Daoist Wuji prayed!