“Stop, I am still the head of the Watanabe family, so all of you back off ……”
With a single word, Watanabe Fumio scared all those guards to a halt!
After all, they were all Watanabe family’s subordinates, and when the family head gave the word, they didn’t dare to disobey.
“Do it, I’ll let you do it ……”
Watanabe Fumihishi roared, but those men didn’t dare to move at all!
You have to know that the hierarchy in the island is very strict, now Watanabe Fumio is still the head of the Watanabe family, the head of the family’s words they can’t disobey!
Seeing this, Watanabe Fumio was furious and cursed, but there was nothing he could do!
“Watanabe Fumio, today you are dead ……”
Chen Ping looked at him coldly and slowly walked towards Watanabe Fumiishi!
Seeing this, Watanabe Fumishi pulled Watanabe Taro and kept retreating backwards, all the way inside the room!
Boom …………
All of a sudden, there was a loud bang in front of Chen Ping, followed by a white smoke coming out!
Chen Ping waved his hand and the white smoke dispersed, but there was no Watanabe Fumihishi or Watanabe Taro!
“Bad, his villa has a secret pa*sage to escape ……”
Watanabe Fumio saw this and couldn’t help but frown!
“Don’t worry, they can’t get away ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes closed slightly and his divine sense instantly enveloped a few kilometres in all directions!
Soon Watanabe Fumikishi and Watanabe Taro’s movements were captured by Chen Ping.
“Go ……”
Chen Ping said, and his figure instantly flickered away!
Seeing this, Watanabe Fumio hurriedly chased after him!
Following Watanabe Fumio’s scent, Chen Ping chased towards the foot of Mount Fuji!
………………
Watanabe Kazuo’s hut at the foot of Mount Fuji!
At this moment, outside the hut, a large number of samurai had gathered!
And inside the hut, Kazuo Watanabe was having a meeting with the many Watanabe family sidekicks!
“Fumio hasn’t moved at all in the past few days, I feel sure he won’t send his daughter to the shrine.”
One of the side clan elders said.
“Yes, I’ve also heard that that Watanabe Fumio is already secretly contacting Daxia, as if he wants to get Daxia’s help to move his whole family to Daxia.”
“I’ve also heard that that Watanabe Fumio has found the a*sa*sin, Master Fan, and wants to use ten billion dollars to take Grandpa’s life!”
Some of the sidekicks started to keep speaking respectfully, Watanabe Kazuo didn’t say a word, but his wrinkled face was already covered with anger!
“Humph, do you really think that just because I’m old and don’t ask about family affairs, he can disobey me?”
Watanabe Kazuo snorted coldly!
Just then, the door to the room was suddenly slammed open and Watanabe Fumikishi and Watanabe Taro rushed in in a panic.
Seeing that it was Watanabe Fumikishi who had arrived and was so flustered, Watanabe Kazuo frowned and said, “b*****d, no big deal, is this a place you can just barge into?”
“Grandpa save me, grandpa save me, big brother has brought that Chen Ping to kill me, he wants to kill me, he even said he would kill grandpa with him.”
Watanabe Fumikishi shouted at Watanabe Kazuo!
“What?” Kazuo Watanabe scuffled to his feet!
And everyone else gasped in shock, not expecting that Watanabe Fumio would tear his face off and openly go after his own brother!
“Who is that Chen Ping?”
At this point, someone asked to Watanabe Fumio.
“It’s that fellow who killed my son Watanabe Ichiro, I heard that he is very strong.”
Watanabe Fumishi explained.
“A Daxia man? It seems that this Watanabe Fumio is really dead set on following the Daxia ……”
Hearing this, Watanabe Kazuo became even more furious!
And Chishikawa, who had been keeping his eyes slightly closed, slowly opened them, “No matter who it is, whoever dares to come here to cause trouble will only die ……”
Chishimagawa slowly got up with his katana in his hand, and his eyes looked sharply out the window!
“With Master Chishikawa here, does that Watanabe Fumio really have the guts to come after us here?”
A senior spoke up.
“Go, come with me and take a look, I want to put this traitor to death.”
Watanabe Kazuo said slowly.
Seeing this, Watanabe Fumikishi and Watanabe Taro rushed forward and a*sisted Watanabe Kazuo towards the outside!