His fists were wrapped in violent true qi, each punch seemed to be able to shake the mountains and rivers, aiming straight for Chen Ping’s vitals.
However, in the face of Qiu Wanha’s fierce attack, Chen Ping suddenly retreated, at the same time, a cold light suddenly lit up from Chen Ping’s hand, just like a meteor that pierced through the night sky, the Dragon Chopper Sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand, and at the moment, the faint sound of a dragon’s roar flowed over the body of the Dragon Chopper Sword, vaguely transmitting a palpitation-inducing mighty pressure.
“Today, I will let you see the power of the Dragon Beheading Sword!”
Chen Ping let out a low shout, his figure surged up, like a ghost travelling over the battlefield, the Dragon Cutting Sword seemed to have a life in his hands, each swing was accompanied by a dragon’s roar and tiger’s roar, and where the tip of the sword pointed, the air seemed to be split in two, leaving behind a crack that was visible to the naked eye.
Qiu Wanha saw the situation, his face changed slightly, although he was conceited of his high level of cultivation, but the face of the Dragon Sword, he did not dare to be careless.
He quickly mobilised his entire body’s true qi and condensed it in his palm, preparing to harden against this strike.
“Sword Shadow Follows!”
With a loud shout, Chen Ping’s figure stopped abruptly, the Dragon Sword was swung down violently, the tip of the sword condensed a bright and dazzling sword aura, as if a substantial dragon-shaped shadow of light whistled out from the sword, with a destructive momentum, it directly pounced on Qiu Wanha and headed towards him.
Qiu Wanha slapped out both palms, his true qi transformed into a huge beast shadow, attempting to block this shocking blow.
However, the moment the dragon-shaped sword aura collided with the beast’s shadow, a deafening roar erupted, the surrounding air seemed to have been completely torn apart, dust flew, debris splattered, and soldiers on the battlefield retreated one after another for fear of being affected.
Only to see the unstoppable dragon-shaped sword awn, penetrated the beast shadow, continued to attack towards Qiu Wanha.
Qiu Wanha was shocked, and in his haste, he could only use his body technique to narrowly avoid the key points, but even so, his left arm was still swept by the aftermath of the sword blade, and instantly his skin split open, dripping with blood.
This blow made Qiu Wanha completely understand the terror of the Dragon Sword, and he no longer dared to be the slightest bit contemptuous.
However, the battle did not end there, Chen Ping took advantage of the victory to pursue the attack, Zhan Long Sword in his hands danced impervious to the wind, each sword contains the power to open mountains and crack rocks, forcing Qiu Wan Ha to retreat, without the ability to fight back.
His figure was as light as a ghost as he travelled across the battlefield, each dodge was just right, making Qiu Wanha’s punches repeatedly fall short.
As time passed, Qiu Wanha gradually realised that he was unable to deal with Chen Ping. On the other hand, Chen Ping’s attacks were getting more and more severe, each time making him feel scared.
He knew that Chen Ping was not easy to deal with, and the Dragon Sword was even more powerful, so he began to adjust his tactics, no longer attacking strongly, but looking for Chen Ping’s flaws, trying to win by trickery.
However, Chen Ping seemed to have read Qiu Wanha’s mind, his figure was like the wind, the Dragon Sword was like a living thing in his hands, sometimes transforming into a powerful sword awn, sometimes transforming into a lingering sword shadow, dissolving Qiu Wanha’s attacks one by one, while searching for a chance to counterattack.
Finally, in a moment when Qiu Wanha’s attack slowed down a little, Chen Ping seized the opportunity.
His figure rose up like a cheetah ready to strike, and his Dragon Slashing Sword drew a perfect arc in the air, heading straight for Qiu Wanha’s vitals.
Wherever this sword passed, the air seemed to be torn apart, leaving a deep crack.
Although Qiu Wanha fought to the death to resist, under the impenetrable sharpness of the Dragon Sword, all defences seemed pale and powerless.
Qiu Wanha’s entire body flew backwards as if he had suffered a heavy blow, falling heavily to the ground. He struggled to get up, but found that his body’s true qi was disordered and his injuries were serious.
“How can you …… you be so strong?”
Qiu Wanha looked at Chen Ping incredulously, a hint of trembling in his voice.