“Good speed, it seems that that Nine Shadow Diversion, is exactly as I expected ……”
Chen Ping smiled slightly, he had been trying to figure out Watanabe Ichiro’s Nine Shadows Sword Technique for the past few days, and he was getting some insight.
Boom!
Watanabe Ichiro’s fast figure swept by, then viciously smashed a punch on Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping did not dodge, but directly allowed Watanabe Ichiro to smash on his body.
Chen Ping’s body swayed twice and did not suffer a bit of damage at all.
Watanabe Ichiro, on the other hand, felt his arm vaguely numb and stood a short distance away looking at Chen Ping icily.
“Indeed, the faster you are, the less power you will have, you simply cannot do both power and speed at the same time, your so-called Nine Shadow Splitting Body, sacrificing power for speed, now seems to be nothing more than a chicken feed ……”
Chen Ping sneered as he looked at Watanabe Ichiro.
Watanabe Ichiro’s split body was nothing more than an illusion caused by being too fast and fooling everyone’s eyes.
“Do you think you have really seen through my Nine Shadow Sword Technique?”
When Watanabe Ichiro finished speaking, his arm shook and he directly pulled out his Cicada Winged Sword, a faint light emitted from it, and after a burst of energy was injected into it, the sword’s aura suddenly soared, emitting a trembling humming sound.
“What? You’re already a defeated man, and you still want to use the same method against me?”
Disdain appeared in Chen Ping’s eyes, and then with a wave, the Dragon Chopper Sword appeared in his hand.
“Humph, today is not in the ring, you forget that I have helpers again ……”
After Ichiro Watanabe finished speaking, he only saw the three black-clothed men behind him snapping off the black robes on their bodies, revealing their golden golden armour, and in addition to the masks they were wearing, they were living like three golden-armored warriors.
The golden armour on the three men in black began to emit three blinding rays of light under the sunlight, all of which shone on the sword in Ichiro Watanabe’s hand.
The sword in Watanabe Ichiro’s hand began to emit a wisp of murderous energy, and the sword’s aura rose wildly several feet long.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, at this moment, he felt the murderous aura emanating from the sword in Watanabe Ichiro’s hand, making himself a little uneasy!
“This time, you are coming to try my Nine Shadows Sword Technique ……”
As soon as the words fell, Watanabe Ichiro’s body violently rose up, and then his sword came out in the air, and the terrifying sword aura instantly reached Chen Ping’s face.
Chen Ping instantly felt a slight sense of danger, and the Chopping Dragon Sword in his hand rose up in flames as he swung out with a fierce sword!
Rumble …………
The two sword qi collided, Chen Ping’s body was instantly knocked out by the tremendous force, and it was like a bomb was dropped on the island, a deep crater of more than ten meters appeared in this impact. appeared, and trees flew everywhere.
“Chen ……” Andrew hurried up to check on Chen Ping’s condition.
Chen Ping stood up with his head in the dust, although he was in a mess, but he was not injured.
“I didn’t expect your kid’s physical body to be so strong ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was not injured, Watanabe Ichiro was surprised.
“Watanabe Ichiro, this is a tournament, and you have secretly arranged people in advance, you are breaking the rules ……”
Andrew accused at Watanabe Ichiro.
“Hahahaha, what rules? When I kill all of you, I am the victor, and the rules are made by the victor ……”
Ichiro Watanabe laughed.
“Don’t be arrogant too soon, the two of us are joining forces, even if you have helpers what can you do ……”
Andrew let out a wild cry of rage, followed by his body beginning to surge, and a constant stream of hair began to grow out rapidly.
Andrew was about to transform into his best fighting form ……
Watanabe Ichiro frowned, if he let both Chen Ping and Andrew join forces, he was really a bit overwhelmed himself.
“What the f*ck are you all standing around for, do it now and kill them all …………”
Watanabe Ichiro ordered to the crowd of samurai he had brought with him.