“Hahaha, killing you people is like crushing ants, don’t think that just because you can kill Xia Chao and know some dao, you boast of being a genius and having the ability to fight me, in my eyes, you and the others are all ants ……”
Ning Yu laughed loudly, followed by his hands constantly choking, only to see a magic seal bursting in the air, the entire hall was filled with invisible magic power, and a hideous Yin soul revealed its face.
Soon, a spell formation coalesced in the hall as far as the eye could see, a chain of shackles crisscrossing the hall, blocking all the way out.
“This is my Heavenly Law Pavilion’s Dragon Trapping Formation, those trapped in the formation will never be able to escape, so you will suffer death ……”
Ning Yu let out an explosive shout, only to see a blazing fire actually ignite above that one shackle, instantly the entire hall was incomparably hot.
An invisible force enveloped everyone as countless fierce Qi converged, and these fierce Qi continued to grow those Yin souls.
“Raising Yin souls in the Land of the Seven Furies is indeed very powerful ……”
Chen Ping looked at those hideous Yin souls and let out an exclamation.
“Mr. Chen, let’s hold him off while you find a way to leave ……”
Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix drew their weapons and blocked in front of Chen Ping with a determined face.
Xiao Lan, on the other hand, hid behind Chen Ping and looked at the rampant Ning Yu, suddenly waving her hand, a poisonous insect the size of a small thumb went towards Ning Yu. One second to remember http://m.42biquge.com
These poisonous insects are incomparably poisonous and will kill you if you touch them. Xiao Lan has been in the Miao Village for twenty years, so harnessing these poisonous insects can be considered a breeze.
Buzzing …………
Dozens of poisonous insects headed towards Ning Yu, as long as one could land on Ning Yu, it would be considered a success.
“Hmph, even a mere poisonous insect wants to hurt me?”
Ning Yu coldly snorted and with a wave of his hand, a large net suddenly appeared in front of Ning Yu, stopping all those poisonous insects by the net.
Immediately afterwards, the large net instantly burst into flames, and those poisonous insects were burnt to death after touching the flames, falling to the ground.
After extinguishing those poisonous insects, the large net in front of Ning Yu also disappeared.
“In the Dragon Trapping Formation, I am the master, you guys don’t need to waste your efforts ……”
Ning Yu looked at the corpses of the poisonous insects all over the ground and said with a smug look on his face.
Xiao Lan looked at the dead poisonous insects and was heartbroken, these were all carefully bred by her and now they were all dead, moreover Xiao Lan had also left the Miao Village, so she was afraid that she would never be able to find these poisonous insects again.
Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng looked at each other the same, and the two of them suddenly launched an attack towards Ning Yu.
Lin Tianhu held a tiger-headed sword in his hand, while this was a short sword in Red Phoenix’s hand. Both of them were clan masters and were extremely fast, trying to subdue Ning Yu by surprise.
“A mere clan master, you dare to be reckless in front of me ……”
Ning Yu snorted coldly and with a wave of his hand, countless amounts of fierce Qi instantly condensed into a rope, which then headed towards Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix.
“Dragon Binding Rope ……”
The rope was seen to be like a large snake, only to wrap Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix around it, the two were instantly controlled and the weapons in their hands fell to the ground after them.
As the rope got closer and closer, Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng only felt a burst of difficulty with each other and their faces turned white.
Seeing this, Chen Ping turned his finger into a sword, a light shot out from Chen Ping’s finger and immediately cut the ropes on Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix, and the two men were able to break free.
“Stand back ……”
After saving Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix, Chen Ping said indifferently.
Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix knew that the two of them were no match for Ning Yu and could not even touch the others, so they could only listen to Chen Ping’s words and retreated behind him.
“You really have some skills, to be able to cut through my Dragon Binding Rope ……”
Ning Yu’s eyes faintly stared, and immediately afterwards, he once again choked his magic, communicating the power of heaven and earth, causing countless amounts of fierce Qi to continuously converge, this was the Land of the Seven Furies, and the fierce Qi was endless ……