After being excited for a while, Chen Ping then slowly calmed down.
Putting away the Heaven Returning Pill, Chen Ping said to Xu Changsheng, “Elder Xu, take a few elders and work hard at night to refine a few dozen Body Practicing Pills, I want to take them away first thing tomorrow morning ……”
Chen Ping intended to bring back body training pills for those members of the Kyoto Guardian Pavilion, so that he could improve the strength of these members at the fastest speed.
“Don’t worry, Valley Master, we will refine the pills all night long and will definitely complete the task ……”
Xu Changsheng nodded his head and said.
Chen Ping left the main hall and prepared to go back to his room to rest, but Xiao Lan kept following Chen Ping.
Although she had only followed Chen Ping for two days apart, Xiaolan found that she couldn’t leave Chen Ping, thinking of him all the time.
“It’s so late, what are you doing with me if you’re not going to bed?”
Chen Ping’s heart pounded with fear when he saw Xiao Lan following him.
This girl was just too open, and it was possible that if Chen Ping wasn’t careful, his innocence would be taken away by Xiaolan.
In that case, he would be a little too sorry for Su Yuqi.
“Your injuries are still fresh, I have to take care of you ah ……”
Xiao Lan said.
“Well, my injuries are all healed, I don’t need you to take care of them ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly waved his hand and even jumped a few times to show that he was well.
“If I say it’s not healed, it’s not healed, you’re a big man, why are you being a mother-in-law ……”
Xiaolan surprisingly pushed Chen Ping directly into the room, and then locked the door as well.
“What are you going to do?” Chen Ping was stunned.
“I’m going to take care of you here tonight and sleep with you ……”
Xiaolan said bluntly.
“No, it’s not a good influence to be alone together ……” Chen Ping shook his head firmly.
“I’m not afraid of bad influence!” Xiaolan said.
“But I’m afraid, I’m still a clean young man, if …… if …………”
Chen Ping didn’t know what to say after that.
“Don’t worry, even if I sleep in the same room with you, I won’t do anything to you, you really think I am one of those Sl*tty women, I will never touch you without your consent ……”
Xiao Lan gave Chen Ping a blank look and said.
The words of Xiaolan sounded so awkward to Chen Ping’s ears, shouldn’t this be something a man says to a woman?
Today it was the opposite, and Xiaolan became the dominant one.
Chen Ping looked at Xiaolan helplessly and finally had to sleep with his clothes.
However, this night, Xiao Lan did not touch Chen Ping, but only secretly kissed him, which Chen Ping knew long ago, but in order to avoid embarra*sment, Chen Ping pretended to sleep, as long as Xiao Lan did not do anything too out of the ordinary.
The next morning, Xu Changsheng delivered the prepared Body Training Pill very early in the morning. Seeing Chen Ping following Xiao Lan out of a house, Xu Changsheng smiled lightly.
“Valley Master, the Body Training Pill is ready, in addition I have another Essence Fixing Pill here, I think it will definitely be helpful to Valley Master, as long as Valley Master takes this Essence Fixing Pill, even if the battle goes for three hundred rounds, he will be able to deal with it easily ……”
Xu Changsheng winked at Chen Ping with a slightly deeper meaning and said.
Chen Ping was stunned, then he understood what Xu Changsheng was talking about, he even named this kind of elixir the Essence Fixing Pill, he really dared to name it.
“Elder Xu, things are not what you think, I didn’t do anything with Xiaolan, I can’t use your Essence Fixing Pill either, you should keep it for yourself ……”
Chen Ping explained awkwardly.
“Elder Xu, you really look down on Chen Ping, he is a young man in his twenties, how could he use something like that, you don’t know how fierce he is at night ……”
Xiao Lan said with a satisfied smile.
“I get it, I get it ……”
Xu Changsheng smiled and put the Essence Fixing Pill away.
“What are you talking nonsense about?” Chen Ping yelled at Xiao Lan, then looked at Xu Changsheng and said, “Elder Xu don’t listen to her nonsense, we really didn’t do anything ……”