“What’s so f*cking hard to say? I think it’s just that I don’t want to give it, even if the Lion King is here and I ask him for a Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, he wouldn’t dare to refuse!”
Bai Shao roared in exasperation!
“Lord Fox Emperor, we really have no choice ah, by no means are we unwilling to give it to you ……”
Elder Zong said with a face full of anxiety!
Bai Shallow was about to open her mouth to continue cursing, but Chen Ping spoke up “Elder Zong, does your Spirit Beast Valley have something difficult to say? If it is convenient, you can tell us, the Lion King is not here, if we can help, we will definitely help.”
Elder Zong glanced at Chen Ping, and since he did not know what Chen Ping was, he did not say anything!
Bai Shao pointed at Chen Ping and said “This is Mr Chen, the person that even your Lion King has to nod his head when he sees him, this is the Son of the Dragon ……”
Bai Shao introduced, while Chen Ping was also quietly radiating a burst of dragon qi!
.Feeling the dragon qi within Chen Ping’s body, Elder Zong and the others were obviously stunned, then became very respectful and said “Mr Chen, our Spirit Beast Valley has indeed encountered a difficult situation, a few of you are better off to please come inside, don’t stand here!”
After knowing that Chen Ping was the Son of the Dragon, Elder Zong respectfully welcomed Chen Ping and the others into the Spirit Beast Valley!
“It seems that your identity as the Son of the Dragon is quite useful, so half a day, this identity of mine doesn’t even say invite me in to have a seat ……”
Bai Shao said after Chen Ping with some dissatisfaction!
Chen Ping smiled faintly “There is time for me to fuse with you to make your bloodline noble as well ……”
Bai Shao smiled “It is true that we should increase the number of times in the future, no find a place, now go and fuse ……”
When Chen Ping heard this, he waved his hands “I’m just kidding, don’t make a scene ……”
Chen Ping rushed away from Bai Shao a little farther!
The fire phoenix then laughed and walked over to Bai Shallow’s side and said “Fox imperial daughter, almost got it, you’re going to milk the master dry ah, this period of time the master has not accompanied me ……”
“Fire Phoenix, you’re jealous …… hahaha ……”
Bai Shao laughed out loud!
Elder Zong dismissed the others while he himself led Chen Ping and the three of them through the layers of buildings in the Spirit Beast Valley, heading deeper into the Spirit Beast Valley!
Along with Chen Ping as they went deeper, the scenery around the Spirit Beast Valley began to become somewhat desolate!
A baleful aura began to emerge.
“Elder Zong, are you taking us to the Undead Valley? We came to find the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, what are you taking us to the Undead Valley for?”
Bai Shao realised that something was wrong, so she asked that Elder Zong!
“Lord Fox Emperor, I’m the one who brought you all to find the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast ……”
Elder Zong returned indifferently!
Along with Chen Ping as they went deeper and deeper, the surroundings became somewhat dim!
Soon, the flowers and plants around them completely disappeared, and in the valley in front of Chen Ping and them, a layer of whiteness, these were skeletons!
Only, on top of these white skeletons, lay numerous animal corpses that looked like they had just died not long ago!
When Bai Shao saw this situation, she couldn’t help but be stunned!
“Lord Fox Emperor, the Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts that you are looking for are right here, I don’t know what the reason is, a few days ago, these docile Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts, seemed to be pouring towards the Undead Valley like crazy, and then inexplicably died ……”
Elder Zong said with a face full of helplessness!
At this moment, Bai Qian didn’t know what to say, just now that Elder Zong really seemed to have a hard time saying something, it wasn’t intentionally tricky!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, frowned as he looked at the scene in front of him, his eyes full of doubt!
How could these Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts suddenly run to the Undead Valley to commit suicide in a good cause?
“Lord Lion King went to the Divine Demon Battlefield and hasn’t returned yet, I don’t know what to do about this matter ……”
Seeing that Bai Shallow and the others were all silent, Elder Zong continued!
“Could it be that your Spirit Beast Valley doesn’t have a single Spirit Rhinoceros Beast anymore?”
Fire Phoenix opened her mouth and asked.