Zhu Zhishan was slightly stunned and pondered for a moment, “It is not difficult to let your men enter the country, but if word of this gets out, I am afraid that I will not be able to keep my position as the alliance master!”
“Don’t worry, Master Zhu, word will never get out. If you let our men in, our men will help you kill Chen Ping and get rid of a hidden problem.
Masao Nagamura persuaded to Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan looked at the dust-avoiding pearl in Nagamura Masao’s hand and finally gritted his teeth and said, “Alright, I promise you, but your men will have to leave …… immediately after killing Chen Ping.”
“No problem!” Nagamura Masao put the dust-avoiding pearl on the table before getting up and saying goodbye!
As Nagamura Masao walked back, Zhu Zhishan put away the dust-avoiding pearl and shouted to the door, “Someone, go and invite Councilor Guo here!”
Soon, Guo Wei was invited, except that Guo Wei’s face looked very ugly.
He had been humiliated today, being watched by so many people and being forced to burn his essence blood by Chen Ping.
Now he was afraid that his prestige in the Martial Alliance would drop a lot.
If he could not kill Chen Ping himself to establish his authority, then he was afraid that he would not be able to do this position of councilor for long.
“Guo Wei, do you think you are a match for that Chen Ping?”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Guo Wei and asked him directly.
Guo Wei’s fists were clenched and his eyes were cold as he said, “Lord, although that Chen Ping is powerful, it is not difficult for me to kill him, give me five days and I will bring Chen Ping’s head.”
“It’s easy to kill Chen Ping, but I hope that this is done cleanly, don’t let anyone investigate my Martial Arts Alliance, can’t you see that Mr. Shi has been protecting him?”
“Now there are many people who want to kill Chen Ping, why do we need to do it ourselves, you personally make a trip, use your connections to let the Watanabe family’s a*sa*sin into the country, when the time comes, the Watanabe family’s people will do it and kill Chen Ping, it has nothing to do with our Martial Arts Alliance.”
Zhu Zhishan narrowed his eyes slightly, his eyes were full of a cold aura!
Guo Wei froze, and then said carefully, “Alliance Master, this …… this will be a big problem if Mr. Shi finds out about it, privately letting foreign a*sa*sins in, this is tantamount to treason ah?”
“Condemn a bullsh*t country, those people are just entering the country to kill Chen Ping, when they kill Chen Ping, they will naturally leave.”
Zhu Zhishan said as he gave Guo Wei a vicious glare.
Seeing this, Guo Wei could only nod, “Okay, I’ll make a run for it ……”
On the other hand, Chen Ping did not stay too long after he had defeated that Long Xiao, but followed Yu Dong straight back to Pill God Valley!
Chen Ping was still worried about Gu Ling’er’s safety!
He had to go and see if Xu Changsheng and the others had found the medicine to break the toxin in Gu Ling’er’s body!
When Chen Ping rushed back to the Pill God Valley, Gu Ling’er was still in a coma!
Xu Changsheng and his elders were at their wits’ end!
Looking at the unconscious Gu Ling’er, Chen Ping knew that he had to take Gu Ling’er on a personal trip to the Northwest to do so.
Only by finding that King of the Northwest, Gu Kaiyuan, could the poison in Gu Ling’er’s body be undone!
“Chen Ping, how was the battle that followed Long Xiao? Did the Four Great Villains come out?”
Long Wu asked to Chen Ping.
“Long Xiao was defeated, if the Four Great Villains hadn’t stepped in, then the Martial Alliance would have feared that they wouldn’t have let me go ……”
Chen Ping said with some lingering fears.
At that time, Chen Ping had indeed gone berserk and hadn’t even considered the consequences!
If the Four Villains had not appeared, Chen Ping would have been a corpse by now.
“I guessed that the Wudao Alliance would not let you win so easily, so I sent a letter to the Valley of the Wicked, asking their Four Villains to come out, the Wudao Alliance are all moralistic fellows, none of them are reputable!”
Speaking of the Martial Arts Alliance, Long Wu was full of anger!
“Right, Uncle Long, how did you get to know the four villains of the Valley of the Wicked? And you were able to invite them to come forward?”
Chen Ping was curious as to what kind of friendship Long Wu actually had with these four villains.