“Second Master, they …………”
When the second elder saw the visitors, he was just about to say something, but was stopped by the middle-aged man!
“Alright, don’t say anything, go and hand over Jia Hui, since they are friends, they should be received.”
The middle-aged man said!
“Understood, I will personally go and invite the eldest miss ……”
The second elder nodded and then left!
The middle aged man, on the other hand, walked up to Chen Ping and said with a smile on his face “I’m really sorry, these underlings don’t know the rules.”
“My name is Sheng Tiantai, my brother is Sheng Bushi, since you guys are acquainted with my brother, you are guests, I wonder what this Taoist friend calls himself?”
Chen Ping saw that the other party was so warm and polite, the doubts he had just had in his heart were dispelled a bit!
“My name is Chen Ping, this is my friend Ji Yun, and this ……”
Chen Ping said as he pointed at Bai Shao!
“This one doesn’t need to be introduced, the famous Fox Imperial Daughter, I’ve heard of her a long time ago.”
Sheng Tiantai laughed and said!
Just as Chen Ping was chatting with Sheng Tiantai, Sheng Jiahui arrived!
After seeing Chen Ping, Sheng Jiahui was a bit surprised, “Mr Chen, why are you here?”
“I’m just passing by here and came to pay a visit to the Sheng family head!”
Chen Ping explained!
Hearing Chen Ping say that he was visiting his father, a trace of an imperceptible look instantly flashed across Sheng Jiahui’s face, but after glancing at Sheng Tiantai, a smile reappeared on Sheng Jiahui’s face!
“Jiahui, since you’re here to visit big brother, you should entertain them, remember to entertain them well!”
Sheng Tiantai admonished Sheng Jiahui, and then led the others to leave!
Right after Sheng Tiantai left, Chen Ping then turned to Sheng Jiahui and asked “Miss Sheng, did something happen to your Sheng family?”
Sheng Jiahui was stunned, then immediately shook her head and said “There’s nothing going on ah, Mr Chen is better off sitting in my room ……”
Sheng Jiahui led Chen Ping towards his room!
However, the change of expression on Sheng Jiahui’s face had already been captured by Chen Ping!
Arriving at Sheng Jiahui’s room, Sheng Jiahui greeted Chen Ping as they sat down and then personally entertained the few people!
As he watched Sheng Jiahui busy herself, Chen Ping’s brows wrinkled slightly!
“Mr Chen, this Sheng family’s eldest lady, doesn’t she have anyone to serve, and she has to do it all herself?”
Ji Yun asked somewhat strangely!
After all, he had also been a gongzi and knew that in this kind of family, there were all underlings serving, where there was a big miss who was busy herself!
Bai Shao also said strangely “I see that this Sheng Jiahui seems to be a little strange ah ……”.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything and kept observing Sheng Jiahui!
After making tea for Chen Ping and the others, Sheng Jiahui brought it over!
“Mr Chen, you guys please have some tea ……”
Sheng Jiahui asked very politely!
Chen Ping nodded and asked after tasting the tea “Miss Sheng, is the Sheng family head really in seclusion?”
“Ah……” Sheng Jiahui gave an ah, then nodded her head and said “Yes, my father is in seclusion!”
“Since Sheng Family Master is in seclusion, then we ……”
Chen Ping wanted to open his mouth to say goodbye, after all, Sheng Bushi was in seclusion, Sheng Jiahui did not look right, and Chen Ping did not want to stay longer!
But before Chen Ping’s words fell, Sheng Jiahui jumped ahead and said “Mr Chen, are you leaving? My father is in seclusion, so I won’t keep you …….”
Sheng Jiahui was actually driving Chen Ping and the others outwards, which made Chen Ping even more surprised!
No matter what, Chen Ping had helped the Sheng Family a lot in the Divine Demon Battlefield, and had also saved Sheng Jiahui, no matter what, it was impossible for Sheng Jiahui to drive Chen Ping away, and now Sheng Jiahui was doing so, which made Chen Ping perceive that there must be a reason for it!
“Miss Sheng, I don’t want to leave, I want to stay here for the night and have a good rest!”
Chen Ping changed his attention and decided to stay in the Sheng family!
“Mr Chen, my father is in seclusion, it’s really not good for a girl like me to entertain you for the night, you’d better go!”
Sheng Jiahui unexpectedly took the initiative to drive Chen Ping away with an anxious face!