Ji Cheng glanced at Chen Ping, while Chen Ping backhandedly took out a pharmacist token from within his storage ring!
This Apothecary Token was still handled when he was in Jialing County!
Seeing Chen Ping’s pharmacist token, the female pharmacist nodded and began to grab the medicines according to the records on the prescription!
Soon, the female pharmacist grabbed the various herbs and then said “Sir Ji, most of the Immortal Herbs needed on the prescription are here, only there is one flavour of Song Chicken Grass that we don’t have here, this kind of Immortal Herb is relatively rare and very precious, we need to go to the Pill Elder to get it.”
“Still need to go to Pillfather’s place?”
When Ji Cheng heard this, his expression became a little unnatural!
“What? Could it be that the Pill Dignitary does not sell Immortal Herbs?”
Looking at Ji Cheng’s expression, Chen Ping asked in confusion!
“Mr Chen does not know, although that Pill Dignitary also sells various Immortal Herbs in his hands, not everyone can buy them.”
“Even if you are a pharmacist, you can’t, you need to go through his examination, and only if he passes the examination can you buy away the immortal herbs in his hands.”
“I can hear that this Medicine Honour’s assessment is particularly perverse, I’m afraid ……”
Ji Cheng did not continue to say, but it was in his heart that he was afraid that Chen Ping did not have the means to pass that Pill Honour’s assessment!
“You take me to see if I can go through the test, try and say ……”
Chen Ping was also not confident that he could definitely go through that Medicine Zun’s assessment, after all, to be able to call himself a Medicine Zun, he must have attainments in the area of medicine refining!
“Alright!” Ji Cheng nodded!
After packing the various Immortal Herbs, Ji Cheng brought Chen Ping to leave the Pill Masters’ Association, and then headed towards an opulent mansion at the back of the Pill Masters’ Association!
Just as they reached the entrance, they saw that there were already a lot of people, all dressed in Apothecary’s clothes!
“Mr Chen, this is where that Pill Honour lives, if you want to meet the Pill Honour and buy Immortal Herbs from him, you have to go through a heavy test before you can do so.”
“These people are all here for the examination, if they can meet the Pill Venerable once, that would be enough to brag about in the Pill Master world.”
Ji Cheng introduced!
Chen Ping saw that those who came here to take the test were all old pill masters, after all, without a little bit of rich experience as a pill master, they wouldn’t dare to come here to take the test!
“Then let’s go in and take a look ……”
Chen Ping said, and walked towards the inside of the Pillfather’s mansion!
“Hey, what are you doing? Didn’t you see so many people? Don’t crowd it.”
“You’re a brat, what are you doing here? Could it be that you want to take the test as well?”
“This is the Pill Supreme’s examination, it’s not a joke, you’d better leave quickly.”
Many pill masters had mocked at Chen Ping!
After all, Chen Ping was too young, even if he had some alchemy or medical skills, they wouldn’t be much higher!
“This is the Pill Master that our Ji Family has invited, who says that being young doesn’t allow you to take the Pill Elder’s test?”
Ji Cheng stepped forward and spoke!
After the crowd of pill masters saw that it was Ji Cheng, they all stopped talking one after another!
The face of the Ji Family still had to be given!
Chen Ping saw that no one had spoken, so he walked into the Pill Supreme Residence!
Just as he walked into the Pill Exalted Mansion, Chen Ping felt a fluctuation in the illusionary space!
And at that moment, several drooping pill masters slowly revealed their figures!
“Hey, this first level is so difficult, who can pass ah ……”
“That’s not true, I’m afraid this Pillfather himself can’t pass.”
“It’s also too difficult to identify various immortal herbs through shape, colour and smell in this illusionary realm.”
Several pill masters complained!
As Chen Ping listened, he sort of understood that before him was an illusionary formation, and after entering, there would be various kinds of immortal herbs, and it was necessary for the pharmacists to use the shapes, colours and smells of the immortal herbs to distinguish them.
However, this was not difficult for Chen Ping, knowing that within Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, there was the Supreme Dan Record, and there was also the Wordless Heavenly Book turned into the Great Luo Golden Canon!