Dozens of figures, one after another, headed towards the Ye family!
The Ye family members also sensed someone intruding and rushed out to greet them with all sorts of divine weapons!
Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body was clad on his body, while the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand was emitting a burst of golden light!
And from behind Chen Ping, dragon chants sounded from time to time!
Seeing the Ye family members rushing out to block the way, Chen Ping then slashed out with his sword!
Everyone else also struck out a spiritual force and blasted at the Ye family members!
Brush Brush Brush …………
Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword slashed out several swords in a row!
A sword qi, which unexpectedly transformed into a hissing golden dragon, rushed towards the Ye Family’s crowd!
Chen Ping was desperate, he knew that by taking the initiative in the first place, perhaps the Sheng family would still have a chance of winning!
Many people from the Ye Family did not have the time to react, and were all cut down on the spot by Chen Ping’s sword qi!
Seeing how brave Chen Ping was, the others did not show any weakness!
Especially Bai Shao, Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, Luo Shouhai and the others, these people were all great cultivators of the seventh or eighth level of the Transition Realm, and it was as easy as a slap in the face to kill the disciples of the ordinary people of the Ye Family!
As for that Sheng Tian Tai, it seemed like he was doing it to forgive his sins, holding a serpentine sword in his hand, he was hacking and slashing at the Ye family members!
It was as if it was done to the Sheng Family’s!
Because Chen Ping and the others suddenly attacked, it left the Ye family unprepared, and more than ten people died in the first wave of attacks!
However, the Ye Family was also powerful, the Ye Family’s Grand Elder hurriedly arrived with his men and then joined the fray!
The Ye family had many people, plus they were fighting in the Ye family itself, the Ye family was considered to have a great deal of initiative this time!
Along with the addition of the Ye Family’s Grand Elder, Chen Ping and the others gradually lost their advantage!
“Mr Chen, we’ll fight after the Ye Family, you’d better go save my father first!”
Sheng Jiahui counted to Chen Ping!
“Yes, go save my big brother first ……,” Sheng Tiantai also said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded and then headed straight to the Ye Family’s backyard!
Seeing this, Bai Shao and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder hurriedly followed, they were afraid that Chen Ping had planted his head in the Ye Family!
After all, this Ye Liancheng had followed the Demon Sealing Alliance for many years, and his strength had already reached the ninth rank of the Transition Realm!
This was not something Chen Ping could handle!
Sheng Jiahui and Long Bo desperately followed the Ye family to fight, they wanted to stall these people and give Chen Ping a chance to save Sheng Bushi!
Sheng Tiantai also fought for his life, venting the anger in his heart towards those Ye family members!
Originally, he had planned to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, which would allow the Sheng Family to soar, but now the Ye Family had never even looked at them squarely!
They were only using the Sheng Family, and after they were done, they used them like dogs!
“Chen Ping, do you know where the Sheng family head is?”
Bai Qian asked to Chen Ping!
“If the Sheng Family Lord understands me, I know where he is ……”
Chen Ping dispersed a divine sense and checked towards the Ye Family’s backyard!
Chen Ping’s wink at that time was to allow Sheng Bushi to secretly place a tiny Spirit Gathering Formation in the place where he was being held!
This way, other people would not be able to easily detect it, and Chen Ping would be able to tell where Sheng Bushi was being held based on the gathering of spiritual qi when he used his divine sense to probe!
However, Chen Ping’s face instantly changed just as his divine sense spread out!
It was because he sensed that there were three terrifying auras that were speeding towards the backyard of the Ye Family!
With a tremor in the void, three figures appeared in front of Chen Ping and the others!
The three people were all shrouded in black robes, and it was obvious that they looked to be demonic cultivators!
The Ye family was the rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, so it wasn’t unusual for there to be demonic cultivators present!
After all, the Demon Sealing Alliance had always been given to secretly following the devil cultivator’s collusion!
A dangerous aura emanated from the three devil cultivators!
“Mr Chen, these three are from the Inferno Demon lineage, the aura they carry is familiar to me!”
At this moment, in the middle of his mind, Ochre Yan spoke!
When Chen Ping heard this, he could not help but frown, he did not expect that the Inferno Demon lineage had also appeared in the Southern Domain!
At that time, it was the demonic cultivators of the Inferno Demon lineage that he had encountered in the extreme north!