The dozen or so Holy Maidens were resting in the cave!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, sat down at the entrance of the cave, letting the wind and snow hit his body!
The darkness of the polar night was as white as day at this moment, and the moonlight was reflected by the white snow, giving off a strong glow!
Chen Ping dispersed his Divine Sense and then quietly closed his eyes slightly!
Chen Ping did not cultivate, but had been thinking about what exactly was within that chaotic space!
Those snow wolves could travel through that chaotic space, but humans could not!
Just as Chen Ping was contemplating, suddenly his brows furrowed slightly as he detected a familiar aura that loomed large!
There was only one possibility for this to occur, and that was that the distance was too far, and Chen Ping’s divine sense was not probing very clearly!
Chen Ping slowly got up and walked towards the direction that the aura came from!
In the cave where Chen Ping was resting, tens of miles away, Qi Peijia was pressing a woman underneath him!
This woman was none other than Lan Yingying who had left Chen Ping and the others!
Qi Peijia had wanted to look for treasures and resources in the Polar Regions, but after half a day of searching, he had not found anything!
Moreover, all the people who came here were from all the major clans and families, all in a group, and only he was a casual cultivator!
So Qi Peijia is very careful and cautious, after entering the polar region, into the not have any contact with other cultivators!
In the past two days, Qi Peijia found nothing, and was very frustrated, but he didn’t expect to run into Blue Yingying!
Blue Yingying is also a person, and also very beautiful, immediately let Qi Peijia have a bad heart!
Blue Yingying’s strength was simply no match for Qi Peijia!
She was directly pressed down by Qi Peijia!
“You beast, let go of me, I’m a member of the Guanghan Palace, if you dare to touch me, our Palace Master won’t be able to spare you, you devil cultivator!”
Lan Yingying cursed at Qi Peijia!
At this moment, Qi Peijia simply couldn’t care less, stepping forward and ripping off Lan Yingying’s clothes!
Lan Yingying really wanted to cry!
She could die, but suffering this kind of humiliation is even worse than dying!
Only, right now, Lan Yingying couldn’t even die if she wanted to!
Qi Peijia tore at Blue Yingying’s clothes, his eyes full of lust!
No matter how much Blue Yingying cried out, but in the middle of this empty pole, who could save her?
Lan Yingying finally gave up struggling, tears sliding down the corners of her eyes!
She regretted ……
Why did she leave?
If she hadn’t left now and was still with Chen Ping and the others, this wouldn’t have happened at all!
Just when Lan Yingying was about to be stripped naked and Qi Peijia was dominating her, a teasing voice suddenly came!
“You’re a big man, bullying a woman like this, do you still want to lose face?”
Hearing this voice, Qi Peijia shivered and hurriedly got up!
When he saw Chen Ping, Qi Peijia’s face became unsightly!
On the other hand, that Blue Yingying took the opportunity to get up and hurriedly ran behind Chen Ping!
At this time, Lan Yingying was not fully clothed, but she didn’t care about any image anymore and didn’t say that Chen Ping had taken advantage of her!
Qi Peijia looked at Chen Ping and felt the aura of Chen Ping’s body, the whole person’s face was like ashes!
When Chen Ping was at the second rank of the Transition Realm, he fought against him and even injured him!
Now that Chen Ping had reached the third rank of the Transition Realm, and his aura was also significantly stronger, Qi Peijia knew that he was no match at all!
“Chen Ping, what are you meddling in, if you like this woman, gave her to you.”
“Let me tell you, I haven’t touched this woman yet, she’s still a big girl!”
Qi Peijia said to Chen Ping!
Lan Yingying’s face was full of blush as she listened to Qi Peijia’s words, if she could beat Qi Peijia, she would have already made a move to kill him!
“If I wanted a woman, I wouldn’t be as shameless as you.”
“Since we ran into each other today, let’s make an end of it ……”
Chen Ping’s Zhen Long Sword instantly appeared in his hand, and the eerie cold aura caused Qi Peijia to tremble!