However, Chen Ping also knew that the stronger the body refining technique was, then the more severe the pain he would endure when refining his body!
Refining the body was just too bitter, and it also required an equally large amount of resources, which caused many cultivators to give up on refining the body and directly cultivate the gongfu realm!
“It’s a deal, as soon as I see that Huo Qing, I will definitely take his life ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Good, then I won’t bother, you better find a suitable site for body refining, with the strength of the Xiao Dynasty, I’m afraid that it will be difficult to find a suitable site for body refining.”
Yun Li said to Chen Ping!
This was because body refining was different from other cultivations, one had to rely on external strikes to be able to temper one’s physical body!
If one were to cultivate behind closed doors, there would be no way to temper one’s fleshly body at all, and this was why very few people tempered their fleshly bodies, it was just too troublesome and there was no suitable venue!
“The matter of finding a venue is not something that Brother Yun should worry about.”
Chen Ping arched his hand!
After sending Yun Li away, Chen Ping immediately found Xiao Yuanshan!
He wanted to ask if there was any place on the boundaries of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty where he could temper his flesh!
Chen Ping had just gone out, when he saw Ji Yun following Missy kissing and sticking together, the two people’s feelings had heated up rapidly in the past few days!
With Chen Ping’s vision, the two had most likely already double cultivated!
“Mr Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping, Ji Yun hurriedly greeted him!
“Ji Yun, with tenderness, don’t forget to cultivate, if you still want to follow me all the time, you must accelerate your cultivation before you can do so.”
Chen Ping said to Ji Yun!
Chen Ping’s strength was getting stronger and stronger, if Ji Yun’s strength didn’t grow and stayed put, the gap between them would grow wider and wider, and by that time, if Chen Ping wanted to lead Ji Yun, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to do so!
The enemies Chen Ping was facing now were getting stronger and stronger, almost all of them were at the peak of the ninth level of the Mahayana realm, and there were even Immortalisation realm cultivators!
Facing this kind of enemy, if Ji Yun’s strength didn’t grow, he was afraid that it would be difficult to defend himself at that time!
“Mr Chen’s lesson is right, I will seize the time to cultivate.”
Ji Yun nodded and said!
Chen Ping did not say anything else and went directly to find Xiao Yuan Shan!
When Xiao Yuanshan heard Chen Ping’s intentions, he immediately showed a difficult look on his face!
“Mr Chen, although the area of my Xiao Dynasty is large, there really aren’t many places to quench your body.”
“There are some small places, I’m afraid that they are also not suitable for Mr Chen at all, after all, that kind of painless attack is meaningless for quenching the body!”
Xiao Yuanshan said with great difficulty!
“Emperor Xiao doesn’t have to be embarrassed, there are none in the Xiao Dynasty, I’ll just look elsewhere!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“It can only be so, but there shouldn’t be many places in the entire Celestial Realm that can quench the body, there are just too few body quenching cultivators nowadays.”
Xiao Yuan Shan said!
“Father, I do have a way to create a place for Mr Chen to quench his body!”
At this moment, Xiao Feng walked in quickly!
“What method do you have?”Xiao Yuanshan asked!
“Mr Chen, I wonder how you feel about the Thunder Tribulation Quenching your body?”
Xiao Feng asked!
“Thunder Tribulation Quenching the body is of course the best, except that it’s very difficult for me to raise my realm once, it’s impossible to just wait to raise my realm to cross the tribulation while quenching my body, right?”
Chen Ping said with some confusion!
“Of course not, there is no need for Mr Chen to raise his realm, we have a large number of cultivators in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, we only need to look for some cultivators who are about to break through their realms to gather together, at that time, it will surely lead to a huge change in the heavens and earth, and the thunder tribulation will roar.”
“Mr Chen only needs to stand in the middle of these thunder tribulations and let the tribulations quench his body won’t that be enough?”
Xiao Feng explained after Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, his eyes lit up, why had he not thought of this?
Xiao Yuanshan was also enlightened and praised, “This is a good idea, a good idea.”
“Feng’er, you immediately go and find the cultivators who are going to break through and gather them together to create the conditions for Mr Chen’s Thunder Tribulation to quench his body!”
Xiao Yuanshan ordered Xiao Feng, who nodded and immediately went to do so!