“Five Elements?” The Saintess finally changed colour, “Who exactly are you?”
Hu Mazi didn’t answer, instead chuckling, “Saintess, it’s my turn to make a move.”
He clapped his hands together, and when they parted, a pink lotus flower appeared in his palms.
The lotus slowly rotated, emitting an alluring fragrance.
“Love Flower Tribulation, go!”
The lotus floated towards the Saintess, its speed seemingly slow, yet it reached her in the blink of an eye.
The Saintess hurriedly waved her sleeve to block it, but the lotus suddenly exploded, turning into countless specks of light that sank into her body.
“Ah!” The Saintess’s delicate frame trembled, her face instantly flushing red.
It felt as though millions of ants were crawling inside her, itchy and hot, unbearable.
“You… what did you do to me?” The Saintess panted, her eyes shimmering with water.
Hu Mazi grinned, “Just a little something to amplify human desire a hundredfold.”
“Having cultivated charm techniques for years, Saintess, I bet you’ve never truly experienced the taste of desire, have you?”
The Saintess gritted her teeth, “Despicable!”
She forced herself to circulate her cultivation technique, trying to suppress the strange sensation in her body, but the more she tried, the stronger it became.
“It’s no use,” Hu Mazi stepped closer, “The Love Flower Tribulation specifically counters your kind of yin-yang harvesting techniques. The more you resist, the deeper the poison takes hold.”
The Saintess’s legs weakened, barely able to stand.
As Hu Mazi approached, a flicker of panic flashed in her eyes.
Just as Hu Mazi was about to succeed, the Saintess suddenly revealed a strange smile, “You think… you’re the only one who can use poison?”
Her red lips parted slightly, and a nearly invisible thread of blood shot like lightning towards Hu Mazi’s forehead.
The distance was too close, Hu Mazi had no time to dodge.
“Careful!” Chen Ping shouted, but it was too late.
The blood thread sank into Hu Mazi’s forehead, his body suddenly froze, the light in his eyes rapidly dimming.
“Hahaha!” The Saintess laughed triumphantly, “Hit by my ‘Blood Soul Thread,’ you’ll turn into a puddle of blood in three breaths!”
Chen Ping’s expression changed, about to intervene, when Hu Mazi suddenly blinked, “Oh, how terrifying.”
“What?” The Saintess’s smile froze, “How can you be fine?”
Hu Mazi patted his chest, “Scared me to death, good thing I was prepared.”
He lifted his collar, revealing a small bronze mirror stuck to his chest, “The Blood Soul Thread is indeed powerful, but sadly, it was reflected by my ‘Mystic Light Mirror.'”
Only then did the Saintess notice a red dot had appeared on her chest at some point.
Her face turned deathly pale, “No… this can’t be…”
“Now, who’s the one poisoned?” Hu Mazi asked leisurely.
The Saintess felt a chilling aura rapidly spreading from her chest throughout her body. Knowing the power of the Blood Soul Thread, she gritted her teeth, “You’re good.”
After speaking, she reached for the antidote on her body, only to find it was gone!
“Looking for this?” Hu Mazi suddenly held up a porcelain bottle.
“The antidote… give me the antidote!” the Saintess shouted.
Hu Mazi spread his hands, “The antidote’s on me, come and get it yourself.”
A flicker of struggle passed through the Saintess’s eyes, but she staggered towards Hu Mazi.
With each step, the red gauze on her body unravelled a bit, and by the time she reached him, she was half-naked.
“Please… give me the antidote…” she pleaded pitifully, tears glistening in her eyes.
Hu Mazi swallowed hard, reaching to touch her cheek, “If only you’d been like this earlier…”
In the moment he was distracted, a cold glint flashed in the Saintess’s eyes, and a dagger hidden in her sleeve stabbed straight at Hu Mazi’s heart!
“Die!”
The dagger pierced Hu Mazi’s body, but no blood flowed.
Hu Mazi’s figure dissipated like a bubble, it was an illusion!
“This Master Hu, he’s getting more and more impressive!” Chen Ping smiled slightly.
Since arriving in the Heavenly Realm, Hu Mazi seemed to have opened Pandora’s box, his strength and realm skyrocketing!
His techniques were endless and ever-evolving!