“Referee Elder, this senior brother of mine just came here, so he doesn’t quite know the rules of the sect, so you can just be forgiving this once.”
“I’ll have him expose all his realm aura and accept our inspection!”
After Wei Qing finished speaking, he hurriedly looked at Chen Ping and said, “Senior brother, you quickly let go of all your realms, don’t hide anymore, in order to join the Purple Flame Sect, you have to have no reservations at all.”
“Senior brother, I didn’t hide my realm ah, I’m currently at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm.”
Chen Ping said blankly!
He had only hidden his identity, his realm was not hidden at all, as for the strength displayed, there was nothing Chen Ping could do about it, this was his strength at the fourth rank of the Transitional Realm.
“Junior Brother, don’t be a tough talker, hurry up and admit your mistake, maybe there’s still a chance.”
Qian Xiu also persuaded Chen Ping!
“Senior sister, I really am at the fourth rank of the Transitional Deluge Realm, if you don’t believe me, I can be inspected!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Seeing Chen Ping’s denial, that referee elder then snorted coldly and said, “Good, a few of us will conduct a full body inspection on you, don’t you presume to hide under our probing.”
After saying that, several referees surrounded Chen Ping at the same time, and several of them exuded their divine sense at the same time, enveloping towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping also did not resist, relaxing his mind, all his realm aura radiated out!
For a full quarter of an hour, cold sweat broke out on the foreheads of several judges .
However, after checking and checking, Chen Ping was indeed only at the fourth level of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
Chen Ping did not lie, nor did he hide!
“It’s really strange, he really only has the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, he didn’t hide his realm!”
The referee elder said with a puzzled face!
When Wei Qing and the others heard this, they all looked at Chen Ping in surprise, their faces full of incredulity!
Liu Sh*tong, on the other hand, shook his head and said, “Impossible, he’s at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, how could he possibly defeat me, who is at the eighth rank of the Transition Realm?”
“This is impossible, this is absolutely impossible, this guy must know some kind of concealment technique to hide his realm’s aura so that others can’t detect it!”
Liu Sh*tong didn’t believe that he would be defeated by a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Ferrying Realm!
“Liu Sh*tong, although you are now a disciple of the sect master, you don’t need to doubt our strength, whether there is a hidden realm or not, we can still find it out, or else these few old guys of ours wouldn’t need to be referees anymore.”
The Referee Elder’s face was slightly angry as he looked at Liu Sh*tong and said!
“Referee Elder rest his anger, I don’t mean that ……”
Liu Sh*tong hurriedly apologised!
However, Chen Ping was indeed at the fourth rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, which was beyond all of their expectations, and they all thought that Chen Ping was hiding his realm!
“When your skills are inferior, you find other excuses, do you still want to have a face?”
“I’m suspicious of how you practiced up this eighth rank of the Transition Realm, did you use an evil power to cui up.”
“People like you, who don’t practise on the ground but think of reaching the sky in a single step, even if you are now at the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, your strength is not that strong!”
Chen Ping taunted at that Liu Sh*tong!
“You fart!”Liu Sh*tong’s face was reddened, “Guess what about practising evil power!”
“Am I farting, then why would you, the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, lose to me, the fourth rank of the Transition Realm?”
“Come and explain to me, isn’t it that you are incompetent, or what?”
Chen Ping said again!
Liu Sh*tong was going to die of anger, his own hallowed Sect Master’s favoured disciple and a deacon, now he was humiliated by Chen Ping, a guy who wasn’t even an outer disciple, and in front of so many people, it was simply a strange shame!
“I didn’t lose, who said I lost, did you think I would be defeated by you so easily?”
Liu Sh*tong roared, his body’s aura exploding once again!