“Since it’s done, let him be, and if he wants revenge, then I’ll just wait ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, not caring at all!
“Mr. Chen, don’t you live in my mansion? After all, the environment here is much better than down the mountain.”
Nie Heng asked to Chen Ping!
“No, I still prefer to follow the Third Elder around!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked towards the outside of the Jade Tripod Sect!
After returning to the Third Elder’s dilapidated house, the Third Elder looked at the inner sect token that Chen Ping had brought back and said in surprise “Mr. Chen, you finished the examination so quickly?”
Chen Ping nodded “The inner sect test is quite simple ……”
“That’s right, this kind of test for outer disciples, how could it be difficult for you.”
“Since you passed the test, then you are considered one of our Jade Tripod Sect, cultivate well here for a few days, and when the Pill Pond opens, I will get you the opportunity.”
“It’s just that I have poor resources here, there’s nothing I can give you, and you’ll have to rely on the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to cultivate.”
The Third Elder said with some regret, after all, Chen Ping had healed his body, and he had nothing to give back to Chen Ping.
“Thank you, Third Elder, it is enough to have access to the Pill Pond!”
“I wonder how Third Elder’s body is doing?”
Chen Ping inquired about Third Elder’s health, the pills he had refined yesterday, if there were no accidents, the toxins in Third Elder’s body should have been removed cleanly!
“My body is much better, the toxins in my body have disappeared, thanks to Mr. Chen’s rescue.”
The Third Elder looked at Chen Ping with gratitude and said.
“The Third Elder is hanging on to the pot to save the world, and deserves to be the one to live a long life, this is also your own creation.”
If Chen Ping had not seen that the Third Elder had a kind heart, he would not have come to his rescue.
The Third Elder smiled lightly, then shouted outwards.
“Fang Shu ……”
Along with the Third Elder’s shout, a young man soon came in!
And this was the same person who had blocked Chen Ping yesterday!
“Master, is there something wrong?”
Fang Shu asked!
“You take Mr. Chen and arrange a place for him, and choose a better room ……”
The Third Elder finished speaking to Fang Shu, then looked at Chen Ping and said “Mr. Chen, this is my eldest disciple Fang Shu, he will be responsible for your food and living in these few days.”
“Thank you, Third Elder!” Chen Ping said as he thanked him!
“Mr. Chen, please follow me ……”
Fang Shu said respectfully to Chen Ping!
Today, Fang Shu’s attitude towards Chen Ping was a hundred and eighty degree change, after all, Chen Ping had saved his master, and Fang Shu was grateful to Chen Ping in his heart!
Moreover, Chen Ping’s alchemy skills had also convinced them, to be able to refine such high grade pills and produce such beautiful dan clouds, not many people in the Jade Tripod Sect were able to do that!
Fang Shu found the cleanest room for Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, you can stay here for now, the conditions are a bit simple, I will send someone to bring you three meals a day, besides, if Mr. Chen wants to go around, I can accompany you.”
“Thank you very much ……”
Chen Ping said a thank you!
After Fang Shu left, Chen Ping sat on his bed with his knees crossed, his Heart Condensing Technique running as he sucked in the spiritual energy of heaven and earth and began to cultivate!
But just after Chen Ping had settled down, he suddenly felt a noise outside his window!
Chen Ping opened his eyes and listened carefully, and found a cooing sound outside the window, like a bird chirping!
Chen Ping sat still, after all, in a place like this, it was only natural for birds to appear!
But the bird seemed to be calling out to Chen Ping, cooing all the time and tapping on the window from time to time with its most!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only get up and open the window, and found that it was a small bird with colourful feathers, and its eyes were very bright.