When Hai Ande saw this, he suddenly became furious “Kid, what do you mean by this? I am the Jade Pope Sect Master, and you, a first ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm, dare to snatch my things to my face?”
“This thing was originally mine ……”
Chen Ping looked towards Hai Ande, his eyes exuding a lurid gaze as if he wanted to eat Hai Ande up!
As Hai Ande felt Chen Ping’s gaze, his brows couldn’t help but wrinkle!
“You are talking nonsense, that treasure pearl was clearly found from this Immortal Mining Cave, how could it be yours.”
Hai Ande said angrily!
“It was originally mine, this bead is called the Wind Fixing Bead, I deliberately sneaked it into the cave and then made you guys fight.”
“Because only in this way can I save the two girls who were captured by you ……”
Chen Ping said bluntly!
Upon hearing this, Hai Ande’s entire body froze, and then monstrous anger erupted from his body!
“Good boy, so this is all a set up by you, but even if we kill each other, it’s not for you, a small cultivator of the first grade of the Transitional Realm, to be able to reap the benefits.”
“If you don’t hand over the treasure pearl, don’t blame me for being impolite to you ……”
The aura on Hai Ande’s body was exploding, only for his face to become increasingly ugly!
The injuries on his body flared up, and coupled with his anger, Hai Ande was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to hold on for long!
Right at this moment, several Jade Pope Sect disciples ran out of the cave!
At this time, only a few people survived, and each of them still had colours hanging on their bodies!
“Sect Master ……”
After coming out, several Jade Pope Sect disciples rushed to come behind Hai Ande!
Seeing his disciples come out, Hai Ande said with scarlet eyes “You guys kill this guy right now, right away ……”
Although his disciples were injured, but after all, all of them were cultivators of the third and fourth grades of the Transition Realm, and there were several more, to deal with Chen Ping, a first grade of the Transition Realm, it was a handful!
That was what Hai Ande thought, but the result was very different!
Only to see several Jade Pope Sect disciples attacking towards Chen Ping!
However, Chen Ping did not move at all, his eyes glowing with a cold aura.
Just as these Jade Pope Sect disciples reached their eyes, the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand moved!
It was seen that Chen Ping swung forward with vigour, accompanied by a dragon’s roar!
A golden dragon appeared out of thin air and roared as it rushed towards the several Jade Pu Sect disciples, and the golden dragon’s body was ablaze with a blazing fire!
The appearance of the golden dragon caused the several Jade Pope Sect disciples to freeze!
Only when the golden dragon reached their eyes and flew past them did a few people react!
Unfortunately, it was already too late, and all of them were covered in gas blazing fire!
With violent screams, several Jade Pope Sect disciples desperately rolled on the ground, trying to make the flames go out!
But this was the devil’s fire, even in water, it would not be extinguished.
Just like this, Chen Ping watched expressionlessly as the several Jade Pope Sect disciples were burnt alive!
Looking at the burnt disciples, Hai Ande was dumbfounded ……
These were all disciples of the third or fourth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm!
Just like that, they were killed by Chen Ping, a first ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm?
Or was he killed by a single sword?
What was that golden dragon just now?
Could a first ranked cultivator of the Transitional Succession realm explode with that kind of power?
Hai Ande couldn’t figure it out, even more so, what was going on!
“You …… are not a Transition realm first grade cultivator, you’re hiding your strength, what exactly are you?”
Hai Ande panicked!
If he had known that Chen Ping had this kind of strength, he would have been wary of Chen Ping in the beginning!
“You bunch of beasts, I am here specifically to kill you.”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Beheading Sword was raised high, the sword gas blazing with fire!
“Chop …………”
Chen Ping chopped out with his sword, and a sky-charging sword aura shot up!
Seeing this, Hai Ande hurriedly threw out the token in his hand, trying to block the sword awn!