Chen Ping held the clock in his hand, and suddenly the clock emitted a faint glow, which instantly wrapped Luo Shouhai and Cheng Jinghui!
Luo Shouhai and Cheng Jinghui didn’t have time to react at all, they only felt that their divine sense was suddenly jerked away by a huge force!
Immediately after that, the two people only felt dizzy as they continued to rotate in the vortex of time!
When this vortex stopped, the two opened their eyes and realised that they were actually in the sky above the Blood Spirit Valley!
The two looked at each other, but they could not detect each other’s presence at all!
They could sense each other, but they couldn’t see each other at all!
Because they were only having their divine sense stripped out now and travelling back in time, they couldn’t see it at all!
And at this moment, the Blood Spirit Valley was experiencing a bloody battle.
Luo Shouhai saw that Cheng Jing would lead the disciples of the Blood Spirit Peak and slaughter the people of the Blood Spirit Valley indiscriminately!
With Cheng Jinghui’s strength of the eighth rank of the Transitional Apparition realm, there was simply no one in Blood Spirit Valley who could stop him!
Watching his disciples being slaughtered one by one, dying alive in front of him like this, Luo Shouhai’s body was trembling, his eyes filled with rage!
“Cheng Jinghui, you beast, I’m going to kill you ……”
“Stop, stop it, stop it all ……”
Luo Shouhai hissed, but no one could even hear his roar!
All these sights that Luo Shouhai saw were already happening, so it was impossible to be changing!
Luo Shouhai’s fists were clenched tightly, this feeling of watching his disciples being massacred but being unable to do anything about it made him almost unable to catch his breath!
Cheng Jinghui, on the other hand, looked at what was happening in front of him and was also filled with astonishment, he didn’t know what exactly Chen Ping had used to make it possible for them to see the scene that was happening at that time!
He had heard of a time magic weapon that could take a person’s divine soul type back to the past and see things that happened in the past!
Could it be that they were now being flashbacked to a scene of the Blood Spirit Valley being massacred?
At this moment, within the hall of Blood Spirit Peak, the crowd looked at Luo Shouhai and Cheng Jinghui, the two of them standing as dumb as wooden men!
r> Not even blinking their eyes, it was obvious that their souls had been drawn out of their physical bodies.
“How dare you, what have you done to our Patriarch?”
Seeing this, the elder of the Blood Spirit Peak immediately roared towards Chen Ping!
At the same time, a dozen or so Blood Spirit Peak disciples came forward and surrounded Chen Ping!
Seeing this, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder directly blocked in front of Chen Ping, setting up a battle!
“Do you guys want to fight? Just with you little yakuza, all of you get the hell away from me.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder cursed angrily at those people from Blood Spirit Peak!
Seeing Devil Mountain Ghost Elder get angry, those people from Blood Spirit Peak were a bit scared!
“Our Patriarch has become like this, it’s obviously because this guy set our Patriarch up, if our Patriarch can’t recover, you guys won’t be able to leave Blood Spirit Peak.”
The Blood Spirit Peak elder said loudly!
Although he was also afraid of the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, as the Blood Spirit Peak Elder, he had to stand up and speak now!
“Don’t worry, your Patriarch will recover soon ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, Luo Shouhai and Cheng Jinghui all suddenly moved!
Only to see Luo Shouhai’s body’s anger soar as he said to Cheng Jinghui “You animal, today I’m going to break you into pieces ……”
After saying that, Luo Shouhai kicked towards Cheng Jinghui!
Boom!
This kick went down and was dodged by Cheng Jinghui, but this kick, directly kicked a deep pit out of the ground floor of the hall!
The energy that erupted caused the entire hall to start shaking, and in the end, it even collapsed directly!
Seeing this, Chen Ping and the others all leapt up into the air!
Looking at the mess that was filled below, it was evident how great Luo Shouhai’s anger was!
“Luo Gu Master, what’s going on?”
Demon Mountain Ghost Elder asked Luo Shouhai!
“Cheng Jinghui this beast, he’s the one who brought people to slaughter my Blood Spirit Valley, today I will make sure he dies without a burial place.”
Luo Shouhai gritted his teeth as the bones in his body cackled!