“Is it over just like that?”
Everyone stared dumbfounded at the unmoving dragon bell, they hadn’t thought that it would end so quickly!
“Knock knock knock …………”
Suddenly, a sound came from within the Dragon Tattooed Bell once again, as the Dragon Tattooed Bell was struck with a loud bang!
“Let me out, let me out …………”
Feng Wuxing was still alive, yelling and screaming from within the Dragon Tattooed Bell!
“I said I’ll beat the sh*t out of you, even if you turn into a devil ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he grabbed his right hand in the air and the bell hammer instantly appeared in his hand!
Immediately afterwards, the hammer struck down heavily!
Clang …………
There was a crisp sound, followed by countless terrifying auras emanating from the Dragon Tattooed Bell, which began to spread in all directions!
Seeing this, the crowd dodged backwards so that they weren’t affected by the waves!
“Ah …………”
From within the Dragon Tattooed Bell, came Feng Wu Heng’s agonising scream!
Seeing this, Chen Ping swung his hammer down once again!
Clang …………
The tremendous vibration of the Dragon Tattooed Bell instantly made the ring unable to withstand it, and the boundary around the ring directly shattered!
Even the people who were already far away from the ring were all shaken to their core at this moment!
As for Chen Ping himself, his face turned pale as a mouthful of blood gushed out and he fell to the ground on one knee!
The tremendous recoil from the Dragon Tattoo Bell had seriously injured Chen Ping!
Chen Ping himself was already suffering from a deficit of spiritual energy, and having forcibly used the bell hammer, at this moment, if it wasn’t for the strength of his own physical body, he would probably have been shaken to death!
“Go to hell …………”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, even though he was already on one knee, and once again swung the bell hammer, striking the Dragon Pattern Bell heavily!
Clang …………
With the sound of the bell, the ring could no longer hold on and instantly collapsed, endless smoke rising into the sky!
When the smoke cleared, Chen Ping was already bleeding from his seven orifices, standing up with his last will!
The Dragon Tattooed Bell slowly flew up on its own, then got smaller and smaller, and finally went into Chen Ping’s storage ring!
Looking at Feng Wuxing inside the Dragon Tattoo Clock, he had already become a pile of mush, and the stench was overwhelming, it looked like he had really beaten the sh*t out of him!
Looking at this scene, everyone was frozen!
Wind Realm Smoke, on the other hand, got up violently, gritting his teeth to death, hatred flashing in his eyes!
Yao Shenghui, who was on top of the Earth Gate Ring, was also dumbfounded as he watched Feng Wuxian’s appearance!
Yu Qian had an indescribable look on his face!
As for Lu, Jin Yuan and the others, they were all staggered, staring blankly, unable to say a word!
Chen Ping did not even look at the dead Feng Wuxian, but slowly walked to the body of the Flaming Tiger, slowly squatted down and gently stroked it with his hand!
If the Flaming Tiger hadn’t fought to the death, he would have been the one lingering on the ground now!
Chen Ping wanted to save the Flaming Tiger, but unfortunately, he didn’t have the power to do so now.
The Flaming Tiger could also see Chen Ping’s intention and stuck out its tongue and licked Chen Ping’s hand, then let out a low roar!
Immediately afterwards, from the Flaming Tiger’s mouth, a beast elixir was spat out!
The beast elixir rolled down onto Chen Ping’s hand, followed by the Flaming Tiger slowly closing its eyes!
The crowd looked at the Flaming Tiger’s beast elixir in Chen Ping’s hand, their eyes filled with envy and greed.
Sensing the gazes of the crowd, Chen Ping slowly got up, then swept his steely gaze across the crowd, each with their own expressions on their faces!
Gradually, Chen Ping’s vision became increasingly blurred, to the point where his body collapsed with a bang!
“Mr. Chen …………”
“Chen Ping …………”
At the same time, several figures rushed up and helped Chen Ping up immediately afterwards!
Ge Cansheng and Jiang Wu Ya also leapt up from atop the high platform and landed next to Chen Ping!
The two men, one on the left and one on the right, directly fed Chen Ping with spiritual energy!
But when their spiritual energy was injected into Chen Ping’s body, it was like a stone sinking into the sea!
When they saw this, they could only carry Chen Ping into the castle and settle him down!