“Yes!” Yao Shenghui nodded, then leapt up and landed in front of Chen Ping!
“Kid, the Yu Clan Master on the high platform wants to see you, come with me!”
Yao Shenghui said to Chen Ping!
As soon as Chen Ping heard that, he also happened to want to go to the high platform and meet the various people in charge of these eight secret realms!
Following Yao Shenghui, Chen Ping leapt gently and reached the high platform!
When Chen Ping stood in front of the crowd, many people were surprised, they didn’t expect that Chen Ping was so young!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping, Ge Cansheng got up and actually gave Chen Ping his seat!
As a hall member of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, Ge Cansheng certainly had to be respectful in front of Chen Ping, the Hall Master!
Moreover, the reason why Ge Cansheng did this in public was to show everyone, so that these people would weigh in on the Ge Clan when they moved against Chen Ping!
“Clan Elder Ge, there’s no need to be like that, you can sit down!”
Chen Ping waved his hand, allowing Ge Cansheng to sit down, before sweeping his gaze across the crowd!
Facing the major talking heads of the Eight Great Secret Realms, Chen Ping surprisingly did not have the slightest bit of timidity!
“You are Chen Ping?” Yu Qian asked as he looked towards Chen Ping.
“Yes!”
Chen Ping nodded his head!
“You are from the secular world?” Yu Qian asked again.
“Yes!” Chen Ping replied expressionlessly!
Yu Qian’s gaze kept surveying Chen Ping, then said with slight surprise, “I didn’t expect that you could still cultivate to the strength of the Third Realm of the Subtlety in the Secular Realm, it seems that although the aura recovery has failed, the suppression of the laws of Heaven and Earth has reduced quite a bit!”
Yu Qian still thought that Chen Ping was able to cultivate to the Split God realm in the secular realm because of the lowered suppression of the laws of heaven and earth!
“Master Yu, forget about him for now, I think it’s best to continue, I reckon there are quite a few people rubbing their fists and waiting to ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell!”
Yao Qisheng said to Yu Qian!
“Good!” Yu Qian nodded, then looked at the few young men standing behind him and said, “You few, who still wants to try?”
“Dad, I’ll do it!”
Yu Jia Meng, who was wearing a sarong, stepped forward!
“En!” Yu Qian nodded, “You have to be careful, don’t try to be brave ……”
“Got it!” Yu Jiameng said, her body leapt up, then landed in front of the bell tower!
Pushing open the bronze door, Yu Jiameng walked in!
But this time, Yu Jiameng took longer, taking more than forty minutes, before she got on top of the clock tower!
Seeing that his daughter had safely reached the top of the bell tower, Yu Qian was visibly relieved!
The reason why the rules for ringing the bell at the Secret World Congress had been changed was because Yu Qian wanted his daughter to ring the dragon bell!
Although ringing the dragon bell required a lot of spiritual energy and there were dangers, every time she rang the bell, it was an exercise for herself!
Yu Jia Meng went up to the bell tower, took a deep breath, picked up the bell hammer and then ruthlessly struck down on the dragon bell!
As the hammer hit the dragon bell heavily, a melodious bell sounded, followed by the appearance of a golden dragon.
The crowd couldn’t help but start applauding, they didn’t expect that Yu Jiameng, a girl, would be able to ring the dragon bell!
Yu Jiameng’s face was incomparably confident as she gripped the bell hammer to death and tried to ring it again!
But this time, as the hammer hit the dragon bell, instead of making a sound, there was a huge recoil that caused the hammer to fall to the ground, and Yu Jiameng’s body flew straight out of the bell tower, spitting out a mouthful of blood in mid-air!
“Meng’er …………”
Seeing this, Yu Qian hurriedly leapt forward and caught Yu Jiameng.
“Dad, I’m fine ……”
Yu Jiameng said as she wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth!
“I didn’t tell you not to be brave, you know the recoil of this dragon bell can kill you at any time.”
Yu Qian said to Yu Jiameng with both anger and heartache.