At the beginning, everyone was oppressed, they were ordinary people, that’s why they followed ** and Lin Keting!
Now that they’ve regained their strength, they won’t be obedient. Now that they’ve regained their strength, these people won’t listen to them honestly.
If they find a treasure, it’s obviously inappropriate to use the auction method! There will definitely be a scramble!
It seems that Lin Keting’s master has long seen through human nature, so he has set up this restriction!
Just as **Following Lin Ke Ting, he was about to look for other people when a dozen breaths suddenly came this way.
Ke Ting! “I already know, and I’ve recovered.”**She smiled faintly, even sneaking a look at Lin
In the blink of an eye, Ji Yun and the others arrived with excitement on their faces!
“Mr Chen, recovered, we’ve all recovered ……. Ji Yun said to **!
Lin Keting, on the other hand, turned her face to the side, not daring to look at the crowd!
“This time, in this battlefield of God and Devil, we can search properly, have the strength, and no longer be afraid.”
The old man in the crowd of cultivators said!
“Not bad, we have regained our strength, we are not afraid of anything, but this road, we did not spend a lot of Spirit Stones ah”.
I don’t know what I’m talking about! When the other cultivators saw this, they all looked at Lin Keting, and their eyes began to look hostile!
After one bearded cultivator finished speaking, he even looked at Lin Keting!
The meaning was clear: now that they had regained their strength, they wanted the Spirit Stones back.
When they were oppressed, they were obedient, but now that they have regained their strength, they want to change their faces.
This is human nature!
In the Heavenly Kingdom, it’s all about strength!
Lin Ke Ting also noticed the glances of the crowd, but she didn’t care, she just cast a cold glance at the crowd and said: “I’m asking for spirit stones as the price for bringing you in.”
“As for those divine weapons, everyone got a share of the spirit stones, it’s not like I took them myself.”
“If any of you dare to disobey me, you can come and ask me for the spirit stones, but before you do, ask me if this sword agrees.”
After Lin Ke Ting finished speaking, a trace of heat appeared in the empty space in front of her, and then a sword appeared out of nowhere, and the sword was even pulsating with a ghostly blue fire!
The moment the sword appeared, all the people felt their breath stagnate, and the terrible pressure from the people made them want to retreat!
One by one, their eyes looked at the sword in front of them with a bit of fear, knowing that the power of this sword alone would not be able to withstand many people!
“Fellow Daoist, handing over the Spirit Stone is our will, no one will ask you for the Spirit Stone back, why are you so angry?”
“Even though we’ve regained our strength, this God-Demon Battlefield is full of dangers, we’ll have to help each other later.”
Among the cultivators, the old man hurriedly came out and followed Lin Ke Ting to say a good word!
“Right, right, that’s not what I meant, don’t misunderstand.”
The bearded cultivator also hurriedly apologised.
Originally, they thought that Lin Ke Ting was a woman, there were no guards around her, so she was easy to handle, but they didn’t want to underestimate Lin Ke Ting’s strength.
Especially this sword, the power is even more astonishing, this time, who still dares to mention the Spirit Stone issue.
“Miss Lin, put the sword away, I’m afraid someone will pee in fear.”
** Lin Keting was also persuaded!
Except that ** also despised those cultivators who fell into the well, so that’s why she said that!
When Lin Keting heard this, she couldn’t help but laugh and put down her precious sword!
Seeing Lin Ke Ting put the sword away, many cultivators heaved a sigh of relief!
“Fellow Daoist, thank you for your help on the way, we’ll say goodbye here …….”
The old man clenched his fists and led the people to leave!
Since the recovery of strength, there is no need to follow them **, their own to find treasures is no better!