Liu Rui stopped laughing and looked at her opponent warily, and her aura was all mobilized!
However, it would be very difficult for her, a second-ranked Martial God, to survive five moves from her opponent!
After all, Liu Rui didn’t have Chen Ping’s ability to fight beyond her level!
The higher the realm, the greater the difference in realm, the greater the difference in realm.
Not to mention that this Black and White Imperator was a Fourth Grade Martial God, Liu Rui did not have the slightest chance to win!
“Miss Liu, you can rest aside and watch how I can suck these two guys dry ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, and his aura exploded immediately afterwards!
Liu Rui nodded, then took a few steps back, intending to watch Chen Ping take on the black and white changeless alone!
“You’re just a little Martial Saint, how dare you take on the two of us? I’ll kill you all by myself ……”
Black Impermanence coldly snorted and instantly headed towards Chen Ping!
The humiliation of Chen Ping had already made him furious, and he could not swallow his anger if he did not kill Chen Ping.
In the blink of an eye, Black Impermanence was already in front of Chen Ping’s face, and with his soul-attracting rod raised high in his hand, he smashed down fiercely!
No matter what it was, it would be smashed to pieces!
Chen Ping smiled coldly and dodged it with a flick of his body!
The next thing he knew, his body was glowing with golden light, and his undestructive golden body was wrapped around his entire body, just like a golden-armored god of war!
Seeing the sudden emergence of Chen Ping’s undestructive golden body, Black and White Impermanence were stunned!
“No wonder you’re so rampant, you’re still hiding your precious armour, but even if you’re an arm of steel, I’ll smash you to pieces today!”
Black Impermanence roared!
Without a word, Chen Ping’s golden light erupted, followed by a fist of holy light that smashed out at Black Impermanence!
The golden light instantly illuminated a large area of the forest!
When Black Impermanence saw this, his face changed slightly and he hurriedly blocked it with his soul-attracting rod.
…………
A deafening sound was heard, and the tremendous power spread in all directions, blowing all the thick trees around it up by the gust of air!
The black changeless man felt his arms go numb, and his body kept retreating backwards!
“What a terrifying power, how can this be emitted by a mere Martial Saint?”
Black Irregular looked at Chen Ping in disbelief!
“Old Black, be careful, this kid is pretending to be a pig eating a tiger, with his strength, there is no way that he is at the tiny Martial Saint realm ……”
White Impermanence warned Black Impermanence from the side!
The black changeless nodded and leapt up!
The black fog emanated from the rod, which then transformed into a powerful ghost, pouncing on Chen Ping with its teeth and claws!
Chen Ping looked at the black mist transformed into a majestic ghost in front of him, the corners of his mouth lifted slightly and he smiled!
Seeing that Chen Ping was smiling, Black Irregular was stunned and felt very strange!
But before he could react, he saw Chen Ping sink his Qi into his dantian and open his mouth violently, and a huge suction force swallowed up the majestic ghosts like a whirlwind!
As the gust of wind subsided, Chen Ping touched his stomach and suddenly burped!
The black changeless looked at Chen Ping with astonishment, his eyes full of unbelievable!
“You …… can’t believe you know evil magic too? Are you also an evil cultivator?”
The black changeless asked in amazement.
“I don’t think I’m an evil practitioner, but this technique of mine is just the thing to stop you!
Chen Ping pooh-poohed and then, with a stomp of his feet, he rushed towards Black Impermanence like an arrow off the string!
When he saw Chen Ping rushing towards him, Black Impermanence’s face was no longer so relaxed, his pupils suddenly shrank and his aura exploded.