Chen Ping panicked and dodged, the sword qi cut tightly against Chen Ping’s cheek, causing Chen Ping to feel a hint of stinging pain!
Just when Chen Ping was glad to have dodged this sword, then another overwhelming sword Qi came!
The sword Qi was like a wave, wrapped in a shocking aura that seemed to want to tear Chen Ping apart!
“Why is it still not over?”
Chen Ping frowned, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand swung smoothly, and a golden light shot out from the Dragon Slashing Sword!
Ding ding ding ding …………
With just this one sword, the opponent’s roiling sword qi was instantly dissolved!
It was only until this time that Chen Ping could see that in front of his eyes, there was actually a person with a mask, holding a long sword and attacking towards him!
It was impossible to tell the man or woman with the mask, but this person was surprisingly not wearing any clothes, which allowed Chen Ping to realise with a single sweep that this was a woman!
“This female Taoist friend, I don’t know why you are suddenly attacking me, I don’t seem to have provoked you, right?”
Chen Ping opened his mouth and asked to the woman!
“How do you know that I am a woman?”
The woman deliberately lowered her business and asked very hoarsely!
“Actually, I don’t want to know, it’s just a pity that your body is just too good to forget after one look ……”
Chen Ping said helplessly!
However, while speaking, Chen Ping’s eyes were not idle, it’s not like he took the initiative, since the other party doesn’t like to wear clothes, then he doesn’t look for nothing!
“Ah ……”
It was only at this time that the woman realised that she had not put her clothes on yet, and after shrieking in shock, her body leapt to hide behind a boulder!
A moment later, the woman put on her clothes and walked out!
The longsword in her hand pointed at Chen Ping, her body’s anger rising!
“You lout, how dare you sneak here to spy on me, I will definitely kill you!”
After the woman finished speaking, she once again attacked towards Chen Ping with her sword!
The woman’s sword aura became sharper and sharper, countless sword auras spreading across the sky as if they would never stop!
Chen Ping was all a bit dumbfounded and hurriedly explained, “This young lady, I think you’ve misunderstood, I’m not here to spy on you.”
“It’s you who are not wearing clothes and was accidentally seen by me, you can’t blame me ah ……”
Chen Ping explained loudly, but the woman did not listen at all!
Chen Ping is also speechless, where he is peeping ah, just a mistake, he also did not expect that there will be a woman living here, and also do not wear clothes!
This can not blame himself ah, really a great injustice, more than sinus e still wrong it.
But Chen Ping how to explain are not, that woman attacked faster and faster, but out of ruthless, obviously is to Chen Ping’s life!
And the woman’s cultivation is enough to have the first grade of the Mahayana realm, the strength is not weak, Chen Ping has been dodging and dodging, also dare not fight back, for fear of injuring the other party, even more can not explain!
“I saw it accidentally, if you are being so rude and unreasonable, don’t blame me for not being polite?”
Chen Ping warned at the woman!
“Hmph, you are a small cultivator of the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, how dare you say such big words, don’t think that just because you have dodged a few of my attacks, you can ignore me!”
The woman snorted coldly, the long sword in her hand instantly swung out a sword flower, each sword flower bloomed out and then enveloped towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned, this woman’s sword skills were indeed good, so his body’s aura erupted and said, “Since you have repeatedly forced me to do this, then don’t blame me, this is all because you forced me to do it ……”
Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword was in his hand, and his body leapt up, intending to dodge the sword flower and then launch an attack on the woman!
However, the body had just leapt up, but the woman shouted, “Sword Intent Follows ……”
Only to see that the sword flower, snapped together, and then changed into a fierce beast, opened its bloody mouth, and bit over towards Chen Ping!