Chen Ping also did not show any weakness, the Dragon Sword in his hand collided with Patriarch Zhou’s sword over and over again, emitting loud noises.
However, after a few moves, Patriarch Zhou suddenly felt a lightness in his hand, and when he looked at the sword in his hand, he didn’t know when the sword had only the hilt left in his hand.
His strength was no match for Chen Ping, and the sword in his hand was no lower than Chen Ping’s Dragon Sword!
Patriarch Zhou knew that if he continued to fight, he would definitely die!
After looking around, Patriarch Zhou planned to look for an opportunity to escape!
He wanted to escape, in addition to being wary of Chen Ping, he also had to be wary of that Zuo Tianzheng.
“Chen Ping, today, I will not rest with you!”
Patriarch Zhou dropped the hilt of the sword in his hand, and the aura of his body continued to skyrocket as a stream of black mist rose from within him!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but smile as he looked at Patriarch Zhou’s appearance!
He knew that this fellow was trying to escape, the reason why he was like this was just for show!
“You want to escape?”Chen Ping laughed!
Patriarch Zhou was slightly stunned, then he whispered, “I have no grievances with you, why should I fight for my life, it was not my intention to deal with you, I was also forced to do so.”
“I sought an opportunity to escape, and I still hope to let me live, two of my disciples have already died in your hands, and it’s a price to pay!”
Patriarch Zhou was actually pleading with Chen Ping to spare his life!
Chen Ping nodded, “You can escape, I will never chase …… you.”
“Many thanks!”After Patriarch Zhou finished speaking, his body, wrapped in black mist, unexpectedly leapt up and flew towards the distance!
Seeing that Patriarch Zhou suddenly fled, no matter if it was the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance or the people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, all of them were in a daze!
They had thought that this Patriarch Zhou was going to follow Chen Ping and fight for his life!
They did not expect it to be a bluff and then take advantage of the opportunity to escape!
Zuo Tianzheng was also fooled by that Patriarch Zhou, seeing Patriarch Zhou suddenly fleeing, Zuo Tianzheng instantly cursed, “Damn, trying to escape under my nose, let’s see if I don’t get you killed ……”
Zuo Tianzheng was about to go after that Patriarch Zhou, but was stopped by Luo Ta on the side!
“There’s no need to chase ……”
After Luo Ta finished speaking, he fiercely blasted out a punch in the direction that Patriarch Zhou had fled!
A trembling of the void was visible to the naked eye, followed by a contraction towards together!
Patriarch Zhou, who had already fled nearly a hundred miles, only felt his body tighten, before it exploded!
Patriarch Zhou’s body was directly blown into powder by a punch.
At this moment, the crowd of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty all became frightened and panicked!
Nearly a hundred miles away, a casual punch had turned a Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivator into powder!
This was too perverse!
Chen Ping was also frowning slightly, his face becoming very ugly!
“Kid, I didn’t realise that you do have some skills, it seems that I still need to take action myself!”
After Luo Ta finished speaking, his palm violently grabbed towards Chen Ping!
As if Chen Ping’s body was imprisoned, he could not move at all, and was directly sucked towards his palm by the Luo Tower!
Chen Ping struggled desperately, but it did not help!
Xiao Yuanshan and the others also wanted to help, but they found that they could not move at all!
As Chen Ping was about to fall into the centre of the tower, a white light suddenly flashed in the void!
Then a middle-aged man appeared in front of the crowd!
The middle-aged man was dressed in plain clothes and looked very elegant!
Just at the instant the middle-aged man appeared, the bodies of all the people all loosened up, and Chen Ping was also out of the control of that Luo Tower!
“Mr Shi …………”
Seeing the visitor, Chen Ping was instantly surprised and almost jumped into Mr Shi’s arms!
Xiao Feng was also full of joy when he saw Mr Shi and said to Xiao Yuan Shan, “Father, this person is the high person behind Mr Chen, and it was also him who told me that Mr Chen is the great chance for our Xiao Imperial Dynasty!”
However, those people from Xiao Yuan Shan who were following Xiao Imperial Dynasty looked at Mr Shi, and their faces were all grave!
This was because from Mr Shi, they could not feel the slightest fluctuation in his aura, nor could they see any semblance of a strong person!
He was more like a weak scholar with no power in his hands… What kind of person could this kind of person be?