Early the next morning!
When the youngest sister came out of her room, she saw that her brother was lying asleep at the door!
This guy had really been guarding the door all night!
“Sister, you get up, last night ……”
The youngest sister’s brother saw the youngest sister out, rushed to get up to ask what!
But before the words were finished, the youngest sister glared at him, and then turned around and left!
Chen Ping also stretched his back and walked out from the room!
“Brother-in-law, you are really fierce, I heard it all last night, my sister this person is the one who seems cold on the surface, but is passionate like fire!”
“Last night screamed very lively ah, this time you can not renege, said not my brother-in-law!”
The youngest sister’s brother saw Chen Ping and hurriedly said with a smile!
Being able to follow Chen Ping to climb up the relationship, this time will be high on the list!
“Brother, what are you babbling about? Just shut your mouth.”
“We’re leaving and will never come within Beast City again!”
The youngest sister was shy as she listened to her brother’s words, then shouted!
“Go? Go where? You are now Chen Ping’s person, you can only follow him!”
The youngest sister’s brother said!
“You love to go or not, you follow him yourself!”
The youngest sister finished, and angrily walked out of the inn!
The youngest sister’s brother was somewhat speechless, he did not understand all the raw rice cooked rice, his sister how to still have such an attitude?
“You still do not go after?”Chen Ping said to the youngest sister’s brother!
“This ……”
The youngest sister’s brother looked at Chen Ping, not knowing what to do!
After all, he had just hugged Chen Ping’s thigh, and if he just gave it up like this, he was a little heartbroken!
But again, he could not watch his sister run out of the city, and then could not find the trace!
For a time, the youngest sister’s brother became difficult!
“What are you waiting for? Still not chase ah ……”
When Chen Ping saw the youngest sister’s brother’s appearance, he was speechless for a while!
After saying that, Chen Ping went to chase the youngest sister, the youngest sister’s brother saw this, also chased up!
He was now planning to follow Chen Ping!
Three people went straight to the city gates, this is intended to go out of the city!
The youngest sister out of the city is to go home, and Chen Ping out of the city is to look for that Xiong broad sister, ask the matter of the immortal spirit stone vein!
But just as Chen Ping and the others were preparing to leave the city, a pair of eyes were staring at them!
“Sir Qiu, that guy called Chen Ping might be leaving the city, presumably because he wants to escape.”
Inside a small chic building, a henchman was reporting after Qiu Yu!
“This fellow, indeed, is trying to escape out of the city, I didn’t expect him to sneak out from within the prison.”
“You immediately go and inform that idiot Captain Zhou, the person within his own prison has escaped, he still doesn’t know!”
Qiu Yu said with a gloomy face!
When he came across Chen Ping holding General Xing’s token last night, Qiu Yu thought that Chen Ping had been released by General Xing!
However, after his prying, he realised that no one had released Chen Ping, which meant that Chen Ping had sneaked out.
No matter what method Chen Ping used to sneak out, this kind of prison break was a capital offence!
Qiu Yu expected that Chen Ping would definitely sneak out of the city, so he sent someone to guard the city gates!
Sure enough, he saw Chen Ping leaving the city, so he immediately ordered someone to tell Captain Zhou of the prison!
After all, if someone escaped from the prison he was guarding, Captain Zhou would be held responsible!
The reason why Qiu Yu was staring at Chen Ping was because the matter of Chen Ping beating him up had festered in the entire Beast City in recent days, making it known to everyone!
Originally, as the son of the Qiu family, he was a man of great splendour, admired by everyone wherever he went, but now he had become the talk of the town and the laughing stock of the crowd!
Especially being beaten up by a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, it was really humiliating!
It would have been fine if Chen Ping was inside the prison and ended up being tortured to death, but instead, within two days, Chen Ping ran out of the prison!