Jin Li Fu’s pupils were contracting violently as he looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
He really did not expect that he would not even have the ability to die together in front of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping walked up to Jin Lifu, looking at Jin Lifu who was already bound and powerless at this moment, Chen Ping got a touch of smugness on his face!
“Chen Ping, you don’t need to be complacent, it’s not like I’m the only purple-robed messenger, and the aura will recover soon, and all of you will die then.”
Gritting his teeth, Jin Lifu roared at Chen Ping!
“I don’t know if I’m going to die or not, but you’re going to die soon ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and slapped his palm towards Jin Li Fu!
The strength in Jin Li Fu’s body was being rapidly sucked by Chen Ping, and he soon turned into a dry corpse!
After absorbing the strength of Jin Yuan and Jin Lifu, Chen Ping felt the breath rushing through his body!
This was a precursor to a breakthrough!
Chen Ping glanced at the corpses of the demonic beasts all over the ground and said to Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya “Clan Elder Ge, House Master Jiang, you guys take out all the beast pills of the dead demonic beasts, with these beast pills, maybe I will be able to break through!”
“Master, if you need, I can make these demonic beasts spit out their beast pellets for your ……”
Seeing this, Fire Phoenix said to Chen Ping!
With a single word from Fire Phoenix, these demonic beasts would sacrifice themselves and spit out their beast pills!
Chen Ping waved his hand “Don’t do that, I still have to use them to deal with the other mysteries!”
These surviving demonic beasts are still of great use to Chen Ping!
After the fight just now, many demon beasts had already died, and these dead demon beast pellets would be enough for Chen Ping!
Soon, the beast pellets were taken out and brought to Chen Ping, small mountain-like beast pellets, emitting colourful light!
Chen Ping did not know how many days he would need to experience this breakthrough, so he said, “You guys are here to protect me, don’t let anyone disturb me ……”
“Don’t worry, Mr. Chen, we will never let anyone disturb you.”
Ge Cansheng said!
“Master, I will guard your side and no one will be able to disturb you!”
Fire Phoenix also spoke up!
Only then did Chen Ping sit down on his knees at ease, his Heart Condensation Skill activated, and a large amount of spiritual energy from the beast pellet was flying into Chen Ping’s body!
Ge Cang Sheng and the others waited by the side. Seven days had pa*sed in a row, and there were very few beast pills left in front of Chen Ping.
But there was still no sign of a breakthrough in Chen Ping’s body!
“It’s horrible, so many beast pills and still no breakthrough ……”
Jiang Wu Ya said in shock.
“Let’s wait and see, Chen’s breakthrough will require a lot of resources indeed, but the strength he will show after his breakthrough is not something we can reach.”
Ge Cansheng said!
Time slowly pa*sed, and in the blink of an eye, it was the tenth day, and all the beast pills on the ground had been consumed!
Fire Phoenix looked at this scene and decided to summon some demonic beasts and have these beasts spit out the beast pellets to give Chen Ping the resources to break through!
Otherwise, Chen Ping had reached a critical moment, and he couldn’t abandon his previous work!
But just as Fire Phoenix wanted to summon some demonic beasts, Chen Ping’s body suddenly burst out with a terrifying aura!
This aura shot straight up into the clouds, and soon from the top of the clouds, a pillar of light descended from the sky, directly covering Chen Ping in it!
The golden light in the pillar of light shone brightly, and neither the scope nor the aura it contained was comparable to that of a thunderclap!
Seeing this, Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya both stared in disbelief!
“What …… is this? Is it possible that breaking through a great realm doesn’t require a thunder tribulation?”
Jiang Wuya asked incredulously.
“Perhaps this is where Mr. Chen differs from us, I see that the power contained in this pillar of light is more powerful than a thunder tribulation, I just don’t know if Mr. Chen can withstand it!”
Ge Cansheng said with slight concern!