Looking at Ning Zhi and the others who had vanished, Chen Ping did not chase after them, but looked at Hu Puzi and the others who were not far away!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s face was calm, and the powerful aura on his body made several people feel a kind of pressure even before he reached Hu Pazzi and the others!
Chen Ping tried hard to collect the aura on his body, he also knew that this unintentional aura on his body would cause a lot of pressure on Pocky Hu and the others!
“Master Hu, are you alright?”
Seeing that appearance of Pocky Hu, Chen Ping reached out and pressed his hand on Pocky Hu’s shoulder, and a surge of spiritual energy entered Pocky Hu’s body!
Hu Ma Zi only felt a warm current pa*s by and his body instantly felt much better!
Chen Ping healed Jiang Wei and Zheng Kai again, and both of them were fine!
“Mr. Chen, you’ve made a breakthrough? I’m afraid you’ve reached the peak strength of a Grand Martial Marquis now, right?”
Zheng Anguo looked towards Chen Ping and said with an envious and shocked expression.
Chen Ping’s fists clenched slightly as the power within his body surged beyond measure!
“I’m only an eighth grade Grand Martial Marquis now, I’m still a long way from the peak, and I’m afraid that I still have a long way to go before I can step into a Martial Saint ……”
Although this Purple Sun Pill had allowed Chen Ping’s strength to soar, directly to the late stage of Great Martial Marquis, it had left Chen Ping somewhat unhappy!
He also didn’t expect that his strength increase was many times that of the others.
If other people had taken the Purple Sun Pill, they would have reached the peak of Great Martial Marquis, and might even have broken through to Martial Saint!
And Chen Ping himself had only reached the eighth grade Grand Martial Marquis!
“Ai, it seems that there is still a long road ahead ……”
Chen Ping sighed, but to Chen Ping’s relief, although he was only an Eighth Grade Grand Martial Marquis, if he dealt with those newly promoted Martial Saints, Chen Ping was still very sure of himself.
Chen Ping was a Golden Dragon True Body, so it was only natural for him to fight beyond his rank.
And as Chen Ping’s strength increased, his spells, charms and pill refining skills all improved along with him!
Although Chen Ping did not reach the expected peak of the Grand Martial Marquis this time, it was still enough!
Back at the Zheng family, Chen Ping let everyone continue to rest, and planned to set off for Penglai Island tomorrow!
He had to find a way to stop the aura, or avoid the fearless killing on the island!
One must know that there are quite a few people living on Penglai Island over the years, and now numerous clans and families have gone to Penglai Island to see the arrival of the revival of the aura!
These could be experts, and if they went, there was no way that Du Ziteng of Penglai Island would be able to stop these people.
It’s possible that the Du family’s palace would be bulldozed and Du Ziteng probably wouldn’t dare to say a word!
So Chen Ping had to get to Penglai Island as soon as possible, he couldn’t let these people start a conflict up there!
If it was possible for Chen Ping to stop the aura from reviving, in that case, then the people in the secret realm would not dare to come out easily and set foot in the secular realm.
The secular realm would follow the same order as before.
Early the next morning!
Chen Ping took Jiang Wei, Hu Ma Zi and the others to the Zheng family’s hall!
“Mr. Chen, are you preparing to leave now?”
Zheng An Guo knew that Chen Ping was planning to leave South Lake!
Chen Ping nodded, “Yes, I’ve been troubling the Zheng family head here for many days, so I’m in trouble.”
“What words are these, Mr. Chen, in the future you can come to South Lake City as you please, the gates of South Lake City will always be open for you.”
Zheng An Guo a*sured.
Chen Ping smiled lightly, then said, “Lord Zheng, in fact, in South Lake City, there is not only one of your lineage families, there is also the existence of a Demon Spirit Sect, only that Demon Spirit Sect is in the secret realm, so you cannot see it!”
“However, the entrance and exit of the Demon Spirit Sect is just outside of South Lake, so I hope that if the Zheng Family Master encounters someone from the Demon Spirit Sect, he will not start a conflict, and if that Demon Spirit Sect wants to deal with you, you can also completely report my name, and they will not dare to do anything.”
Chen Ping decided to tell Zheng An Guo the secret of the Demon Spirit Sect, in order to prevent the two families from starting a fight on the same turf in the future!