Chen Ping and his group stepped into the second tier!
The world of the second tier seemed slightly improved compared to the first, but only marginally so!
Because this second-tier world also appeared utterly desolate, not only was the spiritual energy thin, but there were no resources to speak of!
Nan Batian looked at the scene and gave a bitter smile, “The first and second tiers have been trodden by countless challengers, even if there were abundant resources, they wouldn’t be enough for them to fight over.”
“And the cultivators in this world have all been slaughtered like prey, without resources, their lifespans shrink drastically, slowly dying off…”
“I bet in the next century, this world will collapse too, replaced by a new one!”
In the vast cosmic river, there were countless worlds, a small one like this was nothing in the eyes of the great immortals of the Heavenly Realm!
“Let’s go, see if we can find out where the guardian of this tier is!”
Chen Ping gazed at the endless mountains, feeling a bit lost, unsure of where to head!
“Mr. Chen, I think we should split up to gather info and search, it’ll be faster that way!”
Nan Batian suggested!
“好, I’ve got communication jade slips here, whoever finds out first, contact the other immediately!”
Chen Ping handed a stack of communication jade slips to Nan Batian!
Nan Batian nodded, took the slips, and vanished in an instant!
“Let’s get moving too…”
Chen Ping took Lin Keting’s hand, leaping across the mountain peaks!
From time to time, they’d encounter a cultivator, but these were just challengers from the Heavenly Human Realm!
In this second-tier world, it seemed not a single local cultivator remained!
“That’s impossible, could all the cultivators in the second tier have been killed?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
As Chen Ping and Lin Keting searched for cultivators in the second-tier world, two figures rapidly approached them!
These two were none other than the sisters Hong Yao and Lan Yao, who had also entered the second tier!
“Young Master Chen, you reached the second tier so quickly?”
Hong Yao asked in surprise upon seeing Chen Ping!
“Young Master Chen is truly impressive, breezing through the first tier with ease!”
Lan Yao chimed in with praise for Chen Ping!
Lin Keting, spotting the pair, couldn’t help but roll her eyes, she always felt these sisters harbored ulterior motives, trying to steal her man!
If these two women chased Chen Ping together, Lin Keting was certain he wouldn’t resist!
Twin sisters, after all, were a deadly temptation for any man!
“You two are still on the second tier, haven’t found the guardian yet?”
Chen Ping asked!
“We found him, but he’s too strong, we sisters are no match at all.”
“We can only wander here, gathering resources to cultivate, hoping for a chance to challenge him again later!”
Hong Yao said with a helpless expression!
“Take me to him, maybe I can help you pass this tier!”
Chen Ping offered!
“Young Master Chen, the Heavenly Ladder requires personal challenges, how can you help? If help were allowed, we sisters would’ve teamed up long ago.”
Lan Yao pointed out!
“Just take me there first, I’ll explain later!” Chen Ping said, a hint of excitement in his voice!
He hadn’t expected it’d be this easy to locate the guardian!
Hong Yao and Lan Yao nodded, then led Chen Ping toward a mountain peak!
When they landed on a vast clearing atop the mountain, the entire peak began to tremble and shake!
Moments later, a man in a cloth robe approached slowly!
Upon seeing Chen Ping and the others, he frowned slightly, “Go back and train more, with your level of strength, you think you can pass the test?”
“Senior, this time it’s not us sisters, it’s Young Master Chen challenging you!”
Hong Yao hurriedly clarified!
The cloth-robed man sized up Chen Ping, then scoffed, “Third-grade Transcendence Realm? Weaker than the two of them, not interested…”