Without these four people, Chen Ping would not be able to return now, and without a boat, it would be difficult for Chen Ping to reach land.
“It seems that I will not presume to kill a good person even if I kill indiscriminately in the entire Kyoto martial arts world ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with a cold aura, tonight will be a night that will turn the Kyoto martial arts world, upside down!
“I have told you everything I know, please spare me, I will not say anything, I can leave Kyoto and go far away ……”
Xin Pengfei begged for mercy and had a big, pathetic nose and tears!
“I only believe in the words of the dead ……”
Chen Ping finished and reached out to slap Xin Pengfei on the head!
Soon, Xin Pengfei was turned into a dry corpse, while the entire Xin family was left without a single living soul!
Putting his mask back on, Chen Ping slowly walked out of the Xin family!
“The next family …………”
Chen Ping’s back disappeared into the dark night!
…………
Early the next morning, the entire Kyoto martial arts community instantly exploded!
In one night, all thirteen clans and families had been destroyed!
And without exception, all the experts above Martial Marquis had become dry corpses, obviously having their strength sucked out of them.
“The Kyoto Martial World is about to change, who has the guts to exterminate thirteen clans and families?”
“These clans have all joined the Kyoto Martial Dao Alliance, isn’t this a direct blow to the face of the Martial Dao Alliance?”
“This must be the work of an evil cultivator, otherwise how else would they suck people into dry bodies ……”
“It’s over, it’s over, the sky is going to change from now on, evil cultivators are back to blatantly infesting ……”
Countless discussions drowned out the Kyoto Martial Arts Union!
And at this moment, within the Martial Arts Union!
Several dry corpses were placed in front of Zhu Zhishan.
And on each dry corpse, surprisingly, a word had been carved on it!
Combined together, it surprisingly read: Those who join the Martial Alliance, die ……
This was clearly aimed at the Martial Alliance.
“Who the hell is it? Who’s messing with our Martial Dao Alliance?”
Zhu Zhishan slapped his head in anger.
At this moment, Ning Zhi, however, squatted down and gently placed his hands on each dryad, as if he was feeling something.
Soon, Ning Zhi stood up, “Lord Zhu, although these people have been sucked out of their strength, they are not the work of an evil cultivator, the reason this person did this is probably to confuse and divert our attention ……”
“Who exactly is it? Since it’s not an evil cultivator, who else has the technique to draw strength from the living?”
Zhu Zhishan frowned when he heard Ning Zhi say so.
Ning Zhi was also a little confused at the moment, after all, with the current strength of the Martial Dao Alliance, no one had dared to follow the Martial Dao Alliance in such a blatant manner.
Moreover, those people who had been killed were not just ordinary people, to be able to destroy thirteen sects and families in one night, that strength must be very strong.
How strong, Ning Zhi did not dare to think, anyway, with his current strength, it would be somewhat stressful to exterminate these thirteen clan families in one night.
“Was there not a single living soul at the scene?”
Ning Zhi asked to the man who had been at the scene.
“In reply to Vice Lord’s words, there wasn’t a single living soul at the scene, even the dogs were killed ……”
The man replied.
Ning Zhi frowned, the person who had done this was too ruthless, when he encountered such a ruthless opponent, Ning Zhi also felt a little panic in his heart.
“Looks like we need to inform those higher ups, this matter is beyond our capabilities, the other side is too powerful ……”
Zhu Zhishan was a bit scared and wanted to push the matter to the higher ups to deal with it!
Ning Zhi did not say anything, his face was gloomy, his eyes were slightly closed, as if he was thinking about something.
Soon, Ning Zhi opened his eyes, and then looked at Zhu Zhishan: “Alliance Master, did you send Xu Song four people, to get the beast pills?”
“Yes!” Zhu Zhishan nodded, then said, “But in these few days, it’s time to come back, even if they can’t, they should tell me a message, how the situation is.”