”Oh, so it’s Young Pavilion Master, my name is Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly followed Shi Yan and shook his hand!
After all, he was here to borrow someone’s stuff, so it was only right to be polite!
“My father is currently in seclusion to refine weapons, he won’t be out of seclusion anytime soon, what do you want to borrow?”
Shi Yan asked to Chen Ping.
In fact, he had already known that Chen Ping had borrowed the Heaven’s Gift Order, he was just pretending not to know!
When Chen Ping heard that Shi Qingpei was in seclusion, he could only follow Shi Yan and said, “Young Pavilion Master, we have come here to borrow your Heavenly Opportunity Order, and when it is used up, I will definitely return it!”
“What? Borrowing the Heaven’s Opportunity Order? The Heavenly Opportunity Order is the treasure of our Hundred Refinements Pavilion, how can we easily lend it to someone?”
Shi Yan said with a cold snort.
Chen Ping also knew that the other party would never lend the Heavenly Chance Order to himself so easily, so he hurriedly took out the brush given by Mr. Shi and said to Shi Yan, “Young Pavilion Master, this is what Mr. Shi asked me to give to your father, he said that after your father saw it, he would understand ……”
Shi Yan took the brush, casually glanced at it, and threw it back!
“What crap, isn’t this just an ordinary brush? And what’s this Mr. Shi you’re talking about, I don’t even know him?”
Shi Yan got a little impatient!
Shi Qingpei was in seclusion, and Shi Yan didn’t know Mr. Shi, so how could he lend out the Heavenly Gift Order?
“Young Pavilion Master, I really need the Heavenly Gift Order to save someone, can you name a condition, what would it take to lend me the Heavenly Gift Order?”
Chen Ping asked with a pleading tone.
“Do you have a very bullish magic weapon on you, if you do, I can consider exchanging it with you and let you use the Heavenly Opportunity Order!”
Shi Yan asked as he surveyed Chen Ping.
“Yes, I have a storage ring here, do you think it’s okay?”
Chen Ping took off his own storage ring!
But who knew that Shi Yan didn’t even look at it and said, “This kind of storage function magic weapon, our family has a lot of them, this thing is of no use ……”
Shi Yan couldn’t even look at the ring!
Chen Ping saw this, so he opened the storage ring and took out the Qiankun ring from it and said, “Young Pavilion Master, what do you think about the Qiankun ring? This is a spatial magic weapon, it can travel to any place at will!”
Seeing Chen Ping take out the Qiankun Circle, Shi Yan then reached out and took it over, but after gently touching it in his hand twice, he sneered and said, “This spatial magic weapon is already broken, it has not been used many times, and the distance this spatial magic weapon can travel is not too far, it is not considered a good magic weapon!”
“But after all, it is a spatial magic weapon, it is barely okay, are there any other magic weapons?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “I really don’t have any magic weapons on me, but if the Young Pavilion Master is willing to lend me the Heavenly Opportunity Order, I can refine a few Essence Pills for the Hundred Refinement Pavilion as a reward.”
“You still know how to refine pills?” Shi Yan was a little surprised!
“Of course, Chen Ping is the valley master of the Pill God Valley, do you think he knows how to refine pills?”
Hu Ma Zi, who was at the side, said.
“In that case, then let me lend you one time!” Shi Yan nodded and then tucked the Qiankun Sword into his arms!
At this moment, Ning Zhi, who was hiding at the back, saw this and was furious and tickled at the pressure, knowing that this Qiankun Circle was his, and it was Chen Ping who had taken it away from him!
Now Chen Ping had even taken out the Qiankun Circle and used it as a bargaining chip!
“Thank you so much, Young Pavilion Master!” Chen Ping hurriedly thanked him!
“You two come with me ……”
Shi Yan led Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi out of the hall, then headed towards the courtyard deep within the Hundred Refinements Pavilion!
“Chen Ping, why do I feel that this Hundred Refinements Pavilion is strange, and that it’s so easy to lend us the Heavenly Opportunity Order?”
Hu Ma Zi said with some panic.
“Don’t say anything, just follow me closely ……”
Chen Ping did not allow Hu Pazi to speak anymore, and the groveling demeanor Chen Ping had just had had had long disappeared, replaced by a deep face!