The sharp sword blade instantly sliced across the neck of that Dragon Family senior, and in just an instant, that Dragon Family senior’s head was thrown up high and then rolled aside!
Blood gushed out and his body paused for a moment before he fell down heavily.
At this moment, the eyes of the other members of the Dragon Family revealed a look of shock and horror as the blood aura filled the air, making the atmosphere at the scene become terrifying.
A Martial Marquis, surprisingly, did not even have the chance to fight back in front of this black-robed man.
Terror began to spread in the hearts of every member of the Long family, and at this moment they believed that the rumour must be true, and that the black-robed man in front of them must be Fan Jiang, the great devil who had disappeared for over twenty years.
Even though there were now more than ten of them, Fan Jiang’s reputation as a great devil was still frightening to them!
Chen Ping coldly swept a glance at these martial lords of the Long Family, and then his voice was cold, “Those who don’t want to die, get lost ……”
Chen Ping’s words caused these dozen Martial Marquis of the Long Family to look at each other in disbelief, not understanding what Chen Ping meant, hadn’t he come to destroy the Long Family?
Why should they be allowed to leave? One should know that all those other clans and families had been exterminated and not even a dog was left.
Seeing that these people did not move, Chen Ping spoke again, “Get lost before I change my mind …………”
Chen Ping’s cry of rolling was like an explosive thunderclap ringing in his ears.
The dozen or so Martial Marquis of the Long Family were all awakened at this moment, and then some began to leap up and leave the Long Family straight away!
As one person moved, the others all started to leave, while Chen Ping stood silently motionless and did not make a move.
In a few moments, the dozen or so Martial Marquis of the Long Family were cleanly gone, and apart from a headless corpse on the ground, there was no longer half a human figure to be seen.
Those underlings of the Long Family had all gone to some unknown place.
Chen Ping hurriedly dispersed his divine sense to look for where Xiao Ru was being held, and also wanted to see where his mother was.
Although he had never seen his mother’s face, Chen Ping knew that as mother and son, they could definitely recognise each other as long as they could feel each other!
The very moment Chen Ping’s divine sense radiated, suddenly his eyes looked towards the corner, his eyes sharp and cold!
“Come out …………”
Chen Ping shouted at the corner.
Soon, Long Xingxu walked out from the corner, but without the slightest hint of fear on his face!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but feel a little surprised when he saw that it was Long Xingxu who walked out, after all, the two of them had met when they first went to Locked Dragon Island!
But several months had pa*sed since then, and Long Xingxu’s strength didn’t seem to have changed too much.
At this moment, Long Xingxu was like a mole in front of Chen Ping, who could slap him to death with a casual wave of his hand.
“You’re not afraid of me?”
When Chen Ping saw that Long Xingxu had no fear when facing himself, he could not help but be a little curious.
After all, when those Martial Marquis saw themselves, they all ran away in fear, while Long Xing Xu dared to face himself.
Long Xing Xu shook his head, “I know that you are here to find someone, while I know where the person you are looking for is ……”
When Chen Ping heard this, he frowned and said, “You know who I am?”
Long Xingxu smiled, “I didn’t know just now, but now I do ……”
“Since you know where the person I am looking for is, then take me there ……”
Chen Ping said coldly to Long Xingxu, “I hope you don’t play tricks or you know what will happen to you.”
“Don’t worry, you won’t kill me, because if you do, no one will know where the person you are looking for is being held except for the Long family father and son.”
Long Xingxu finished speaking and walked straight towards the backyard.
Chen Ping followed behind all the way to a very ordinary room, then Long Xing Xu gently pressed the mechanism and suddenly a stone door appeared in front of him!