“This Kuang Biao has broken through to the Harmony realm so quickly, could he have some kind of miraculous encounter?”
Nie Heng frowned slightly, knowing that reaching the peak of the Harmonisation Realm, it would take chance and luck to break through to the Harmonisation Realm!
This time when Kuang soared back, it was with the intention of using the energy from the Pill Pond to break through!
But now, before the Pill Pond had even been opened, Kuang Biao had unexpectedly broken through to the Harmony Realm, which had to make Nie Heng feel strange!
In this way, the gap in strength between Nie Heng and that Kuang Biao was getting bigger and bigger, and his position as the Jade Tripod Sect’s Eldest Brother was afraid that it would be difficult to maintain!
Suddenly, as if he had thought of something, Nie Heng walked quickly towards the Jade Tripod Sect’s warehouse!
This warehouse held many of the Jade Tripod Sect’s pills, and although they weren’t as valuable as the ones in the Hidden Pill Pavilion, there were still many high grade pills, such as the Hybrid Pills and the like!
High-grade pills like these could only be distributed by the Jade Tripod Sect’s Patriarch, and now Kuang Biao had a sudden breakthrough, so Nie Heng suspected that this guy had stolen the Jade Tripod Sect’s high-grade pills!
So he had to go to the warehouse to check it out, if this Kuang Biao had stolen the Jade Tripod Sect’s high grade pills, that would be a serious crime!
Nie Heng came to the entrance of the warehouse, but was stopped by the Jade Tripod Sect disciples guarding the warehouse!
“Senior Brother, the warehouse is an important place, you can’t just go in and out ……”
The guard said to Nie Heng!
These guards were all disciples of the Second Elder’s lineage, so they didn’t have much fear of Nie Heng!
“Unbridled, the Patriarch is not here, as a First Disciple, I have the right to inspect all places in the Jade Tripod Sect, I’m going to enter the warehouse now to check it out, you dare to stop me?”
Nie Heng said in an angry voice!
“Eldest Brother, sorry, you can’t go in without Second Elder’s word ……”
The guards still stopped Nie Heng and said!
Snap …………
Nie Heng slapped the guard on the face and roared “You’re a small guard disciple, you dare to stop me, believe it or not I’ll kill you, the second elder can’t do anything about it.”
“Could it be that the Second Elder would cut me down for a small guard disciple?”
“Now get out of my way right now, or don’t blame me for being ungracious ……”
A thick killing intent surged out of Nie Heng’s body, directly enveloping the guarded disciple, causing that guarded disciple to tremble and only obediently move out of the way!
But just as Nie Heng was about to walk into the warehouse, Kuang Biao came over from the side with a cold smile on his face and said “Nie Heng, you’re the eldest disciple of Grandmaster, yet you’re bullying a small guard here, do you still want to be shameless?”
Nie Heng saw Kuang Biao walking over and didn’t want to pay him any mind, as long as he entered the warehouse to check, if the high grade pills were missing, then it was definitely Kuang Biao who had stolen them!
When Kuang Biao saw that Nie Heng was ignoring him and walking straight towards the warehouse, his face turned cold and a terrifying aura erupted from his body, which instantly knocked Nie Heng out of the room!
The current Kuang Biao was at the Combined Body realm, so Nie Heng was no match for him, he didn’t even have the ability to resist!
“Kuang Biao, do you want to rebel? I’m a great disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect, how dare you make a move against me?”
Nie Heng glared at Kuang Biao with a face full of anger, but he didn’t dare to make a move!
A single breath from Kuang Biao had just sent him flying, and with such a difference in strength, Nie Heng would be asking for trouble even if he did!
“Nie Heng, don’t think so highly of yourself, I’d be rebelling if I made a move against you?”
“I’m telling you, without my master’s orders, no one will enter this warehouse.”
Kuang Biao said arrogantly!
“Kuang Biao, I have a sect master’s token here, my master is not here, then I am the acting sect master, not to mention you, even if the second elder came, he wouldn’t dare to stop me ……”
Nie Heng held out the Sovereign’s token!
When he saw the sect master token, Kuang Biao’s expression became a little complicated, he could look down on Nie Heng, but he didn’t dare to look down on the sect master token, it represented the Jade Tripod Sect master, it represented Hu Yixiao!