Although Fan Xianbo is bad, he is not stupid ……
“Senior brothers, this Chen Ping is worth a lot of money, if we capture him and hand him over to the Demon Sealing Alliance, we’ll be rich.”
“Let’s do it together, this guy is only at the seventh level of the Transitional Abstraction Realm, with so many of us, we’ll definitely have no problem!”
Fan Xianbo said to the several senior brothers behind him!
“Eldest senior brother, that Demon Sealing Alliance sent someone, and it was also a Mahayana realm fourth grade cultivator, and they all lost in the end, can we do it?”
One of the senior brothers asked in a noisy manner!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he knew that these guys were talking about Tian Luo Tian Shi and the others, how long had it been before these people knew about the news of the defeat of Tian Luo Tian Shi and the others, and it looked like they followed the Demon Sealing Alliance to have connections as well!
This time, it was even more possible to solidify the name of these people as traitors, perhaps when the Demon Sealing Alliance attacked the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, it was these guys who acted as traitors and shut down the sect protection array!
“This guy must have some help, otherwise with him being a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, how could he defeat a fourth grade of the Mahayana Realm, it’s definitely impossible.”
“Let’s just take advantage of the absence of this guy’s helpers and catch him, this is a great opportunity!”
“Hurry up and do it, or else we’ll be in trouble if his helpers come.”
Fan Xianbo urged!
A few of the senior brothers looked at each other and felt that what Fan Xianbo said was reasonable, so a few of them picked up their fallen long swords and instantly headed towards Chen Ping!
Fan Xianbo, however, did not make a move, but hid on the side and watched, he was going to let these few senior brothers to test Chen Ping!
It was not true that Chen Ping was at the seventh level of the Transition Realm, but if he was hiding his cultivation and deliberately pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger, that would be troublesome!
So this fellow Fan Xianbo fooled a few senior brothers into making a move while he watched the battle from the sidelines!
These few senior brothers and sisters also had their whole body aura explode, and the moment they made a move, it was a killing move!
After all, Chen Ping was a hundred-year offering of the Value Sealing Demon Alliance.
Facing a few people, Chen Ping smiled faintly and unexpectedly put away the Dragon Cutting Sword!
These people were all in the Transition Realm, and the most powerful one was only at the peak of the ninth rank of the Transition Realm!
Against these guys, it would be disrespectful to the Dragon Beheading Sword if they used it!
Chen Ping’s body leapt up, then his toes tapped, and in an instant, a spiritual breath shot out from Chen Ping’s toes!
These Spirit Breaths instantly tore through the air and shook the void!
Chen Ping’s slapdash appearance, in the eyes of Fan Xianbo, felt like he was just putting on a show!
No matter what, Chen Ping was facing cultivators of the 8th or 9th rank of the Ferrying Realm, even a 1st rank of the Mahayana Realm would not be able to act so lightly in the face of an attack by several 8th or 9th rank of the Ferrying Realm cultivators!
Now he could conclude that Chen Ping wasn’t pretending, then he had real skills, and it was up to him to see how it would turn out!
“What is the meaning of this?”
Those few cultivators who had rushed over were somewhat baffled for a moment when they were confronted with Chen Ping’s slapdash Spiritual Breath!
It was fine if Chen Ping had put his sword away, this was looking down on them!
But with this toe tap and the outburst of a spiritual breath, did he want to use this to defeat them?
Wasn’t this looking down on them too much?
The few people who had been belittled instantly erupted into a more powerful aura, and without dodging or dodging, they greeted Chen Ping!
Boom!
But just as these people were looking down on Chen Ping’s spirit breath that was lightly tapped out, suddenly this spirit breath exploded near them!
Terrifying waves of Qi swept through like a tsunami!
It was as if these few people were blown away by a cannonball, each of them screamed miserably and flew backwards, then fell in a sorry state hundreds of metres away, smashing the ground into a deep pit!
The ground stirred up sky-high smoke and dust, and these few people were all motionless and couldn’t get up!
The smoke and dust slowly dispersed, and the scene was quiet!
Fan Xianbo’s pupils shrank violently, and his whole body was a bit dumbfounded!