The Heavenly Thunder Sect!
Tong Ocean was about to go to the meeting, but before he left, he called Tong Youcai to his side!
At this moment, Tong Youcai’s strength had been greatly enhanced by his genetic modification, but before Tong Ocean’s noodles, Tong Youcai was trying his best to suppress his breath!
“Dad, what do you want to see me about?”
Tong Youcai asked.
“Youcai, have you heard about the break in the flow of the Regeneration Spring and the disturbance in the Kunlun Mountain Range?”
Tong Yang asked.
“Many people are saying that the relics of the Water Fairy Palace have appeared and that many people have already climbed Mount Kunlun!”
Tong Youcai said!
“Yes, this time the Kunlun Mountains are in turmoil and it is very likely that the Water Fairy Palace relics have appeared, so I am going to let you take someone to investigate.”
“But the relics of the Water Fairy Palace are very dangerous, do you have confidence?”
Tong Ocean gently patted Tong Youcai’s shoulder and said.
After hearing this, Tong Youcai was slightly stunned and then his face showed excitement, “Dad, you …… really want me to go and explore the remains of the Water Fairy Palace?”
“Of course, if you don’t go, who else can go ……”
Tong Ocean nodded his head and said.
“So …… will my brother agree?” He asked.
“Hmph, your brother is still pondering over the cliff, he’s such a waste, he’s letting me down more and more ……”
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to the market.
The first time I heard this, I was so excited that I said, “Dad, don’t worry, I will definitely explore the relics of the Water Fairy Palace, even if it’s a mountain of fire, I will still go through it.”
“Yes, you are worthy of being my son, just like that!” Tong Ocean patted Tong Youcai’s shoulder in satisfaction, then continued, “You bring more people with you, those martial artists from outside the realm, if they want to compete with us for the relics, they will be killed directly ……”
“Dad, can I take Uncle Wang with me?” Tong Youzhi asked to Tong Ocean.
The reason why Tong Youcai wanted to take Wang Defa with him was because Wang Defa’s strength was high, plus Wang Defa was his biological father, he wanted Wang Defa to gain something from the relics as well!
The first time he heard this, a sinister look flashed across his eyes, but it was only a flash, then he said in a serious tone, “Your Uncle Wang has to stay at home, I’m going out to attend the meeting, you have to leave too, we can’t have someone in charge of the Heavenly Thunder Sect!
When Tong Youcai heard this, he nodded and said, “Dad has a point, let Uncle Wang stay at home. ……”
After Tong Youcai turned around and left, looking at Tong Youcai’s back, Tong Ocean’s eyes were full of coldness!
At this time, in a room of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, Wang Defa was with Tong Youcai’s mother!
Now that Tong Youcai’s genetic transformation was complete, they were plotting when to kill Tong Ocean and take control of the entire Heavenly Thunder Sect!
“Mother, I’m going to the Kunlun Mountains, I’m going to search for the remains of the Water Fairy Palace.”
Tong Youcai was so excited to find his mother!
But when he saw Wang Defa there, he shut up in embarra*sment!
“Youcai, what’s going on? Why did you think of going to look for the relics?”
Tong Youcai’s mother asked.
“Mum, my father told me to go. The Kunlun Mountains are in turmoil, so the relics of the Water Fairy Palace have appeared, and my father told me to take someone to explore the relics.”
“There must be a lot of good things in the relics of the Water Fairy Palace, so maybe this quest will help me to improve my strength.
“By then, Tong Youcai will be no match for me, so I’ll see how mad he is!”
Tong Youcai explained excitedly!
“The relics of the Water Fairy Palace?” Wang Defa frowned slightly, “That relic is extremely dangerous, why would Big Brother let you go and explore it?”
“Of course I know that the ruins are dangerous, my father asked me to take some more people with me, so that I can practice.”
“What a great opportunity, my father wouldn’t even let Tong Youkong go if he wanted to.
Tong Youcai said with great joy. —