Watanabe Fumio was not afraid at all, with Hu Ma Zi and Lao Fan around, there was nothing this Mieko could do to him!
Mieko charged towards Watanabe Kazuo with the ninja under her.
After two steps, her form became fainter and fainter, and finally disappeared!
These people had used ninjutsu, which made Watanabe Fumio frown!
“Hmph, a trick to bluff people, how dare you use it!”
Hu Ma Zi snorted coldly, followed by taking out several talismans and spraying a mouthful of essence blood on top of the talismans!
“Break ……”
Hu Pazzi threw the talisman in his hand towards the mid-air, and the entire sky above the villa suddenly turned red!
The red shrouded down, the originally vanished Miezi and those ninjas, instantly exposed their forms!
“Kill ……”
Watanabe Fumio shouted, and those guards of the Watanabe family, rushed to kill them!
In an instant, the entire villa compound was filled with the sound of killing, and there was killing everywhere!
And only the area where Chen Ping followed that Tanaka Maki was standing, no one came near!
Chen Ping casually threw away the willow branch that was only half left in his hand, and coldly said to Tanaka Maki, “Strike, you have one more chance ……”
This time, Tanaka Maki did not hesitate, nor did he ask Chen Ping to take out his weapon!
Because he knew that if Chen Ping really showed his weapon, he wouldn’t necessarily be Chen Ping’s opponent!
“Go to hell ……”
Tanaka Maki shouted explosively as the light from his katana shot up!
Immediately afterwards, the wind-like, lightning-like blade instantly slashed at Chen Ping!
Tanaka Maki did not believe that Chen Ping, without a weapon, faintly relying on his flesh and blood, could still block his slash!
Seeing this, Yumiko at the side could not help but let out a cry of alarm, “Master be careful ……”
Chen Ping had a calm face as a burst of red light began to flicker in his right hand!
Just as Tanaka Maki’s katana reached Chen Ping’s front, Chen Ping grabbed it with a fierce grip!
Chen Ping’s right hand, directly grabbed Tanaka Maki’s katana, to know how powerful this slash was?
Even a small mountain could be split apart by Tanaka Maki!
But at this moment, Tanaka Maki’s katana was actually grabbed by Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping’s hand was not injured in the slightest, which made Tanaka Maki dumbfounded, looking at Chen Ping incredulously!
Tanaka Maki tried to pull out his katana, but no matter how hard he tried, he found that it would not budge at all!
At this moment, panic appeared in Tanaka Maki’s eyes.
“As I said, this is your last chance ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he only heard the katana in Tanaka Maki’s hand click!
The katana actually snapped in Chen Ping’s hand instantly!
Chen Ping then took the half-broken katana and swung it forward with great force ……
The terrified Tanaka Maki only felt a cold flash in front of his eyes, followed by a chill at his neck!
Tanaka Maki touched his hand to his neck in horror!
Blood spurted out in a torrent and Tanaka Maki could only drop his katana and gripped his neck with both hands in a death grip, hoping that the blood would drain away slower!
Tanaka Maki looked at Chen Ping with a grimace and fear in his face, his eyes full of disbelief!
He struggled to open his mouth to say something, but not a word came out.
In the end, Tanaka Maki’s eyes became more and more lax and his body collapsed heavily!
Yumiko, who was watching this scene in front of her, was so shocked that she couldn’t say a word!
Tanaka Maki represented invincibility in their hearts!
When they were very young, Tanaka Maki was one of the rare masters of the island, and once Yumiko worshipped Tanaka Maki, hoping to become a kendo master like him!
But what about now?
The object of her admiration since she was a child was now decapitated in front of Chen Ping like a mole.
And he had killed him so easily!
The awe in Yumiko’s eyes for Chen Ping grew even stronger, and she couldn’t help but fall to her knees in front of Chen Ping, shouting loudly for her master!