“Eldest uncle has broken through, Eldest uncle has broken through ……”
Looking at the scene before him, Shi Yan shouted in excitement!
Shi Qingpei was also full of excitement, his senior brother had made a breakthrough, then they wouldn’t have to die!
Soon, Jue Yuan’s body slowly rose up from among the ruins of the great hall, and finally surprisingly rose into mid-air, following the one Buddha idol and fusing together!
“The gods have manifested …………”
When the many believers saw this, they all knelt down and worshipped, the power of faith in their bodies, constantly converging.
“Daring madman, you dare to spread wildness in my Kuchan Temple, this is a place of purification, yet you have killed in vain.”
“My Buddha is merciful, if you kowtow and admit your mistake and convert to my Buddha, I can spare your life ……”
Jue Yuan was in mid-air, looking down at Chen Ping, his voice as loud as a flooding bell!
“Humph, pretending to be a god, let me ask you, my Dragon Sect’s children, did you kill them?”
“My brothers and friends, did you injure them?”
Chen Ping coldly looked at Jue Yuan and asked.
“No, it is none other than the poor monk, if you persist in not understanding, then I will send you to hell ……”
As Jue Yuan finished his words, his body slowly fell down, and a golden light directly surrounded Jue Yuan behind him!
At this moment, Jue Yuan was just like a heavenly god!
“I see that it is you, old monk, who will go to hell.”
Chen Ping’s eyes gaped as his breath flowed and his Unbreakable Golden Body began to activate, his body wrapped in golden scales like a golden-armored god of war!
In a flash, the golden light from Chen Ping’s body collided with the golden light behind Jue Yuan!
Emitting a light that was brighter than the sun!
“I would have toured you, but unfortunately you don’t have wisdom, so you can only go to reincarnation and find it in the next life!”
Jue Yuan said, gently resting his palm, and shouted a Buddhist hymn!
Instantly, the entire Kuchan Temple burst into golden light as a golden ray of light descended from the sky, followed by the formation of a huge palm!
A vast power emanated from the palm, and this power instantly pressed down on Chen Ping!
Chen Ping only felt like a mountain was pressing down, his body sank violently and his feet instantly plunged into the ground.
“Kid, you are but a fifth grade Martial Saint, so why do you have to fight to the death?”
“You must know that the gods are irreversible, my current breakthrough to Martial God is a work of heaven’s will, and by defying me, you are defying heaven’s will ……”
Jue Yuan’s palm slowly descended ah, while Chen Ping’s body was sinking into the ground.
“Heaven’s will?” Chen Ping snorted coldly, “You’re just a newly promoted Martial God, and you dare to call yourself a god, old me killing old Martial Gods is just a snap of my fingers ……”
“I pooh, you brag about it, you even killed an old Martial God, do you know what a Martial God is?”
“You brat now have a tough mouth, later I want to see how you will be crushed alive ……”
Shi Yan spat fiercely towards Chen Ping in triumph, then looked at Jue Yuan and said, “Eldest uncle, don’t talk nonsense to this kid, just kill him.”
“Since you are obsessed, then go to hell ……”
The golden light on Jue Yuan’s body intensified, and the terrifying pressure directly crushed Chen Ping’s body into the ground!
Boom …………
There was a loud sound, and the entire mountain shook!
A huge palm, instantly slapping on Chen Ping, emptied Chen Ping deep into the ground to a depth of more than ten meters!
“Is this …… this the might of a Martial God?”
“It’s too terrifying, it’s too terrifying …………”
Shi Qingpei looked at the scene in front of him and was directly stunned!
You know, just now, Chen Ping had beaten that Jue Yuan and begged for mercy straight away, but now, he had been slapped to death by Jue Yuan with a single slap!
This was the difference between a Martial God and a Martial Saint, even if you were at the peak of a Martial Saint, there was a huge difference in strength until you stepped into that Martial God step!
A fifth-ranked Martial Saint is like an ant in front of a Martial God!