“Wang Qingshi, you’re covering up, don’t I know it’s you?”
“Does your Heaven Beheading Law Sect only steal chickens and dogs to conduct sneak attacks?”
“Didn’t you promise me that you would give me three days?”
Ouyang Xing said angrily!
Originally, he had promised to give him three days to allow Ouyang Xing to leave Pill God Island on his own, but now it hadn’t even been three days yet, and the people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect had come to stage a sneak attack!
Fortunately, Ouyang Xing had already taken good precautions and directly put out his sentries for hundreds of miles, and only then did he discover the Zantian Dharma Sect’s traces!
Otherwise, if they were really blocked at Pill God Island for a sneak attack, it would be troublesome.
The annoying thing was that these guys were still masked, making it seem as if no one else knew their identities!
“There’s a change in plan, I can’t do anything about it, anyway, in a few days time, you’ll all die, it’s the same if you die early or late!”
Wang Qingshi smiled coldly, then ordered loudly, “Attack with all your might, leave no one behind, kill all these people, and Medicine God Island will be ours.”
“Right now, there are still quite a few pill masters on Pill God Island, by killing these pill masters in, we’ll be able to scavenge quite a few goodies from them.”
Boom boom boom …………
A spell kept bombarding down towards the people of Pill God Island!
Ouyang Xing’s face was very ugly as he kept summoning golden armoured insects to break the spells, but the golden armoured insects were ultimately limited!
The disciples of Pill God Island continuously resounded with a wail and then fell into the sea!
At this time, Ouyang Xing was anxious, he didn’t know, whether Ouyang Wufeng had conveyed it or not, whether those pill masters had left Medicine God Island or not!
“All disciples of Pill God Island listen to the order, no one can retreat from the battlefield, even if we die today, we will leave a name in the Pill Master world.”
“I’m sure those pill masters won’t forget us, fight them ……”
Ouyang Xing roared loudly!
“Little Ouyang, you’re really ridiculous, you’re thinking about those apothecaries, but they want you dead.”
“To tell you the truth, I’ve long been in contact with quite a few pill master associations, and we’re working together to occupy your Pill God Island.”
“The reason why I attacked ahead of time was that I got the news before I came, and now those pill masters on Pill God Island are probably all dead or injured.”
Wang Qingshi sneered!
Ouyang Xing froze, and then his brows furrowed, “Who, exactly, is it that is following you, the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, to co-operate?”
Ouyang Xing didn’t believe that any of these Apothecary Guild people would follow the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect to collaborate!
“Of course I can’t tell you, when you die, I can tell you!”
Wang Qingshi said!
“Su Tianshuo of the Western Region Apothecary Guild, he has joined forces with some apothecaries and colluded with those who follow the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect.”
“But don’t worry Ouyang Island Master, I’ve already informed the other ifs, that Su Tianshuo won’t succeed.”
Accompanied by a voice as loud as a bell, the crowd saw a red flame that directly penetrated the void and instantly appeared!
The moment it appeared, a sky of supreme fire spread out towards the disciples of the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect!
“Quickly dodge ……”
Wang Qingshi was shocked and hurriedly roared!
The many disciples of the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect also changed their faces and started to dodge, but some of the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect disciples, who were casting spells, had no way to move!
Boom!
The sky to fire instantly exploded, and dozens of Zhan Tian Dharma Sect disciples were directly burnt to ashes under this to fire!
The formation that had originally surrounded Ouyang Xing and the others also crumbled with a bang in this roiling to fire!
“Fellow Daoist Chen …………”
Seeing that Chen Ping had come and was so shocking in one strike, Ouyang Xing was instantly moved!
“Ouyang Island Master, are you guys alright?”
Chen Ping asked as he came before Ouyang Xing!
Ouyang Xing’s eyes were filled with hot tears as he swept a glance at the disciples under him, and said sadly, “Pill God Island disciples, only these are left, two thirds of the casualties have already been suffered ……”