“We wouldn’t dare, we wouldn’t dare…”
Qian Xiaohan broke out in a cold sweat!
“If you want to take Chen Ping out yourselves, that’s fine, but the Triple Alliance has to fall under my command first.”
“From now on, whatever I tell you to do, you do it.”
Young Master Ming declared!
Qian Xiaohan froze, then exchanged a quick glance with the Tang Sect Great Elder and the Ling Sect Leader!
“Thanks to Young Master Ming, we’re willing to follow your orders!”
The three of them dropped to their knees in unison!
On their own, even combined, the Triple Alliance would’ve had to get past Sun Moon City to kill Chen Ping!
But now, joining the Four Nether Palaces, they wouldn’t have to fear Sun Moon City at all!
“Hahaha…”
Young Master Ming laughed heartily, then turned to the Ling Sect Leader, “What’s that little toy in your hand?”
“Replying to Young Master Ming, this is our Ling Sect’s Soul-Devouring Beast, it can swallow a person’s divine consciousness, leaving them dead or a walking husk!”
The Ling Sect Leader explained!
“Cute little thing, I’ll take this one to play with…”
Young Master Ming snatched the Soul-Devouring Beast right out of the Ling Sect Leader’s hand!
The Ling Sect Leader didn’t dare utter a peep, though it was their sect’s most prized spirit beast, he wasn’t about to argue now!
“Alright, go find that Chen Ping, if you can’t handle him or someone gets in your way, just drop my name!”
Young Master Ming waved them off!
Qian Xiaohan and the other two nodded, then headed downstairs, leading their group toward Sun Moon City’s base in the Dao Sect!
“Brother-in-law, get out here, the Triple Alliance is coming!”
Lin Kefan shouted loudly!
He and his men blocked the entrance, keeping the Triple Alliance from barging in!
“What do you think you’re doing? This is Sun Moon City’s turf, you barge in, don’t blame us for getting rough!”
Lin Kefan yelled at the Triple Alliance crew!
“Prince Lin, we’re just here to settle a score with Chen Ping, hope you won’t stand in our way.”
“Let me tell you, don’t try scaring us with Sun Moon City, we’re with the Four Nether Palaces now!”
Qian Xiaohan sneered at Lin Kefan!
“Four Nether Palaces?”
Lin Kefan’s brows furrowed, but he didn’t budge!
“Who’s looking to get revenge on me? Tired of living, huh?”
Chen Ping strolled out of the room!
Seeing Chen Ping, the Triple Alliance crew lit up with fury, eyes blazing with rage!
“Chen Ping, you killed our Qian Sect elder and Tang Xiaoyi, today we’ll make you pay in blood!”
Qian Xiaohan roared, seething!
“You’re coming for me, looking to die too?”
Chen Ping scoffed dismissively!
“Big talk for a third-grade Mahayana, you just had someone possess you to kill our third elder, and you still dare act so smug!”
Qian Xiaohan snapped, ready to lunge at Chen Ping!
“Qian Sect Leader, let me…”
The Ling Sect Leader stepped forward with a single stride!
Lin Kefan and the others moved to intervene, but Chen Ping stopped them, “You guys stay out of it, I’ll handle this myself!”
The Ling Sect Leader flicked his hand, and a streak of white light shot out, burrowing into Chen Ping’s head!
That white light was the Soul-Devouring Beast, aimed at consuming Chen Ping’s divine consciousness!
“Ahh, what’s this thing, so powerful, how can it devour divine consciousness?”
Chen Ping feigned shock, clutching his head in mock agony, like it was about to explode!
Seeing this, the Ling Sect Leader sneered, “That’s our Ling Sect’s Soul-Devouring Beast, get ready to have your consciousness eaten and turn into a walking corpse!”
“Chen Ping…”
Lin Keting and Hua Yueying gasped in alarm!
“Miss Lin, Miss Hua, no need to worry, Mr. Chen’s not afraid of this Soul-Devouring Beast, he’s just messing with them!”
Hong Yao quickly chimed in!
Chen Ping had encountered this Soul-Devouring Beast in Tang Xiaoyi’s storage pouch before, and it hadn’t devoured his consciousness at all!
So Hong Yao knew Chen Ping wasn’t scared of it!