Xiahou Dun swept a glance at the few people who came in, his face full of disdain, just these people together, he could have killed them with a slap!
“Court Master Ni, Master Xia, I am Zhao Wuji, the Court Master of the Guardian Pavilion in Kyoto, I don’t know what kind of grudge you two have following Mr. Chen, I’m over this will soon be the Mid-Autumn Festival, I’ll see if I can ………… ”
Zhao Wuji stepped forward, full of smiles, trying to plead for Chen Ping.
“f*ck you ……”
Xiahou Dun smacked Zhao Wuji out of the way with a palm, “D*mn it, a small Protector of Dharma Pavilion master, also worthy to talk to us? Others are afraid of your Dharma Protecting Pavilion, but I’m not ……”
Xiahou Dun, as the Tianwu Sect’s Sect Master, was certainly not afraid of any Dharma Protector Pavilion, even if it was the Kyoto Dharma Protector Pavilion, what could it do, it couldn’t control him at all.
This sudden slap, let Zhao Wuji face turned both embarra*sed and ugly, but there is no way, facing these centuries-old sects, they Protector Law Pavilion simply can not control others, people will not give them the Protector Law Pavilion face in the slightest.
“I bypa*sed your lives in Pill God Valley, but today it is you who seek your own death ……”
Chen Ping said with a gloomy face.
“Seeking death?” Xiahou Dun coldly snorted, “Kid, you don’t even look at what kind of virtue you are, if not for the presence of a few elders from the Pill God Valley, do you think we would be afraid of you? Today is the day of your death, no one can save you ……”
Xiahou Dun finished his sentence and threw a punch towards Chen Ping.
The revenge of killing his son had long made Xiahou Dun restless, and he wanted to break Chen Ping into pieces.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body quickly burst backwards and went straight to the courtyard, while that Xiahou Dun thought that Chen Ping was afraid and wanted to escape, his foot speed instantly increased.
When Chen Ping’s body landed in the courtyard, he slammed his fist towards the incoming Xiahou Dun, his huge fist shining with a golden light.
Xiahou Dun was slightly stunned, but did not stop!
Boom ……
A dull sound rang out as Chen Ping and Xiahou Dun smashed their fists together fiercely.
With the strength of Xiahou Dun’s Martial Arts Sect, this punch would have rendered Chen Ping powerless in an instant.
However, the opposite was the case. All that could be heard was a crisp cracking sound, and immediately afterwards the crowd saw Xiahou Dun’s arm bend at a strange angle, followed by a scream from Xiahou Dun.
Looking at the scene in front of them, the crowd was all frozen, none of them had expected that a martial arts cleric would have his arm broken by Chen Ping with a single punch, this was simply too incredible.
That Ni Sidao was also frowning, with disbelief in his eyes, he could not have imagined that Chen Ping’s strength had increased so quickly in just one month!
Although Xiahou Dun was only a second rank Martial Sect, he was still a Martial Sect after all, but now he could not even withstand one punch from Chen Ping.
Just as the crowd was shocked, a clear and crisp sound came again.
Chen Ping grabbed Xiahou Dun’s other arm and directly broke it with force as well.
“Ah …………”
The intense pain caused Xiahou Dun to scream miserably, and his eyes looked at Chen Ping in shock, he never thought that how Chen Ping’s strength had become so powerful, and he did not have the slightest power to fight back in front of Chen Ping.
“You broke all the bones of my men, today I will also let you taste this ……”
Chen Ping said, and kicked at Xiahou Dun, directly sending his body flying into mid-air.
Chen Ping’s feet leapt with such force that the boulders beneath his feet all shattered, and his body went into mid-air.
Boom boom boom …………
Chen Ping kept swinging his fist and hitting Xiahou Dun, who was like a leather ball at the moment, letting Chen Ping hit him and hit him.
Blood kept spurting out of Xiahou Dun’s mouth and the sound of bones cracking was incessant.
As they watched the scene in mid-air, everyone was dumbfounded.