Demonic beasts were transformed by fury, so even if Chen Ping took out his divine beasts, these demonic beasts wouldn’t be afraid, after all, they weren’t real demonic beasts!
“Second senior brother is mighty ……”
Seeing Tan Rongkun’s means, Di Chongjing immediately roared with excitement!
The other Blood and Bone Sect disciples were all overjoyed as well, each one settling down quite a bit, with a murderous aura on their bodies!
It was important to know that this was the Blood Bone Sect, their territory, their home ground!
Here, there was an inexhaustible amount of Yin Fury Qi!
At this moment, Patriarch Jiang had also long since settled down, and the aura on his body continued to rampantly skyrocket!
The moment the Sect Protector Formation was broken open by Chen Ping, he immediately rushed up with the disciples of the Soul Demon Sect!
“Kill ……”
Patriarch Jiang led the disciples of the Soul Demon Sect and directly charged up!
Seeing this, the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace immediately also led dozens of holy maidens to strike.
As for those from the Blood and Bone Sect, their battle intent was also high as they roared forward!
In particular, the four strange demonic beasts roared so furiously that the entire Blood and Bone Sect seemed to be trembling!
The melee was on the verge of breaking out, and all sorts of ravaging auras were stirring in the heavens and earth!
A streak of frost descended from the sky, causing the temperature of the Blood and Bone Sect to plummet to the extreme, this was the Broad Cold Palace’s crowd using their Ice Technique!
In the sky, snowflakes began to fall, and the snowflakes followed the Mori White Bones as they fused together, indistinguishable from one another!
Chen Ping directly leapt up and followed that Tan Rongkun into a battle!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was also directly looking for Di Chongjing, instantly entangled together!
The remaining disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect, although they had the help of the four strange demonic beasts, they were surrounded by nearly a hundred cultivators, and they quickly fell behind!
“Kid, so you’re the one who destroyed my fourth senior brother’s physical body, and you even killed Mu Qing, although that Mu Qing is not our Blood and Bone Sect disciple, he still has a partnership with us.”
“Today it just so happens that new hatred and old hatred are added together, let’s see me clean up your brat ……”
Tan Rongkun looked at Chen Ping angrily and said!
“Hmph, just by you? You saw what happened to that Mu Qing, today you will be the same as him!”
Chen Ping coldly snorted and said!
“Joke, how can that Mu Qing be compared to me!”
“In the Blood and Bone Sect, even if I don’t make a move, I’m still able to kill you, don’t forget that this is my territory.”
After Tan Rongkun finished speaking, his hands violently plunged towards his feet!
Both hands were directly inserted into the white bones underneath his feet, knowing that the entire Blood and Bone Sect was covered in white bones, and there were even a few bone mountains!
Every white bone here could be a human life!
“Come out, my dearest partner ……”
Tan Rongkun roared loudly!
Only to see that from Tan Rongkun’s body, a blood red aura continuously gushed out, then followed his palms into the white bones that filled the ground!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, the entire Blood and Bone Sect shuddered as if it was a great earthquake!
This caused everyone to stop their hands and look on in surprise!
Rumble …………
The loud noise was still still, the entire heaven and earth was shaking, and the bone mountain not far away was also trembling because of the trembling, and white bones were falling down with a clatter!
Click click click click …………
Soon, underneath that Tan Rongkun’s feet, the senile white bones unexpectedly cracked open a gap!
From within that gap, a Yin Fiendish and cold aura continuously emanated out, enveloping the surroundings!
This Yin Fiendish aura could be much colder than those Ice Techniques of the Broad Cold Palace!
Boom!
A body that was tens of metres in size and made of white bones crawled out from that crack!
The body of this white bone giant reflected white light, and in the position of its chest, there was actually a huge gemstone embedded, which was blood red in colour and also emitted a blood red light!
The white bone giant’s head was also a skull, but within its eyes, there was red light emanating from it, and this red light contained a bloodthirsty and monstrous killing intent!