“Did I let you go?”
Just at the moment the black-robed youth turned around, Chen Ping spoke indifferently!
There was an air of unquestionable majesty in his tone!
The black-robed youth turned around and sized up Chen Ping, “What? You want to kill me?”
“Of course, why is it that you can kill me but I cannot kill you?”
Chen Ping asked rhetorically!
“Hahaha …………”
The black-robed youth laughed out loud, “Chen Ping, don’t think that you can kill me just because you are able to take two moves from me.”
“There are many people in the Celestial Realm who can kill me, but you are not among them!”
“Is that so?”
Chen Ping’s eyes stared slightly as he flew up steeply, his breath beginning to run wildly within his body!
The sky began to change colour as the rolling aura intertwined with the Immortal Qi, forming a wild vortex.
The crowd was in awe, they had never seen such a powerful aura before.
Chen Ping, who was only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, was displaying such terrifying strength at this moment.
The black-robed youth was also startled as he sensed the powerful aura radiating from Chen Ping.
He knew that Chen Ping had moved to kill, he just did not expect Chen Ping to possess such a terrifying power within his body.
“Arrogant!” The black-robed youth roared angrily, and the aura on his body instantly skyrocketed.
He no longer dared to treat Chen Ping with the slightest bit of contempt, but instead saw him as a true opponent.
However, Chen Ping was not afraid as he took a deep breath and the aura in his body began to run wildly.
His aura grew stronger and stronger, as if he wanted to swallow the entire heaven and earth.
His black hair was windless, and the golden star in the centre of his brow shone with an intense light, as if he had become one with the heavens and earth, and had become the master of this heaven and earth.
Chen Ping slowly raised his hand, his fingers traced a beautiful arc in the air, at this moment, it was as if the entire world had stood still, only his fingers were slowly moving.
“Immortal Finger!”
Chen Ping let out a low shout, and his fingertip violently pointed towards the black-robed youth.
A brilliant light erupted from Chen Ping’s fingertip and shot up into the sky.
That light contained endless power and arcane dao rhythms, as if it was capable of destroying all obstacles that stood in its way.
The black-robed youth’s face changed drastically as he sensed the terrifying power contained in that light.
He tried with all his might to ward off this strike, yet he realised that his power was so small in front of this light.
“Immortal Technique! How is this possible!” The black-robed youth exclaimed in shock, an unbelievable look in his eyes.
He had never thought that a Celestial Realm cultivator would be able to master such a powerful Immortal Art.
How could this be possible?
How could it be like this?
The black-robed youth simply couldn’t figure out how it was possible for a mere fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm to know Immortal Arts!
Moreover, this Immortal Art also contained a Time Origin, which was too outrageous!
Chen Ping’s finger, whether it was space or time, was surprisingly under control.
Chen Ping was at this moment as if he was the master of this world!
How could a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm comprehend the Time Origin? And how could he have such a terrifying Immortal Technique?
The black-robed youth could not understand even if he thought about it.
The black-robed youth hissed as all sorts of auras flowed through his body, the aura within the black-robed youth continued to erupt, and black aura filled the entire sky.
The black-robed youth worked hard to form a protective barrier in front of himself before the Immortal’s Finger arrived!
Among these breath barriers, Chen Ping surprisingly found a white cold aura, the same aura that the black-robed youth had just extinguished his own Supreme Fire!
“Cold Ice Origin Power?”
Chen Ping did not expect that this black-robed youth, a demonic cultivator, had even perceived the power of the Cold Ice Origin.
One had to know that many of the Holy Maidens of the Broad Cold Palace did not sense the Cold Ice Origin.
The Immortal’s finger landed on top of that barrier and made a clicking sound!
The barrier that the black-robed youth had condensed began to slowly shatter!