“Really?”
Lin Keting and Hua Yueying were still half-doubting, half-believing!
The Spirit Sect Master, watching Chen Ping’s pained expression, wore a smug grin!
“Chen Ping, you killed our elder and Tang Xiaoyi, the young master of the Tang Sect. By rights, our three sects should’ve wiped you out on the spot.”
“But since Young Master Ming also wants you dead, handing you over to him will earn us some credit in his eyes!”
Qian Xiaohan stared coldly at Chen Ping as he spoke!
“Hand over your mum, you think you can just decide that? Who do you think you are?”
Chen Ping suddenly stopped struggling, glaring at Qian Xiaohan and cursing!
Qian Xiaohan blinked, turning to the Spirit Sect Master, “What’s going on?”
“Maybe the spirit-devouring beast’s sick, but no worries, I’ve got more!”
The Spirit Sect Master pulled out another spirit-devouring beast!
They’d bred dozens of these things at the Spirit Sect!
“Idiot…”
Chen Ping sneered, then swung his Dragon-Slaying Sword straight at the Spirit Sect Master!
The Spirit Sect Master’s eyes narrowed, a glint of murderous intent flashing within!
“Courting death…”
Boom!
Suddenly, a terrifying aura erupted from the Spirit Sect Master’s body!
But the moment this aura met Chen Ping’s formidable sword qi, it shattered instantly!
The powerful sword qi sent the Spirit Sect Master flying back hundreds of metres!
Chen Ping’s body followed close behind, and just as the Spirit Sect Master regained his footing, another of Chen Ping’s strikes came!
Chen Ping knew he couldn’t give these guys a moment to breathe!
The Spirit Sect Master, shocked, suddenly unleashed several beams of white light around him!
Those beams were spirit-devouring beasts!
They all lunged at Chen Ping, vanishing into his body in an instant!
Chen Ping’s attack faltered, coming to a halt.
“This time, let’s see how you survive!” the Spirit Sect Master sneered!
Meanwhile, in Chen Ping’s consciousness, the Crimson Cloud Demon Lord was practically giddy, grabbing the spirit-devouring beasts, “Hahaha, time for a feast! One for grilling, one for stewing, one for frying…”
“How’s that? Think I won’t make it?” Chen Ping asked, turning to the Spirit Sect Master!
“You… how are you still conscious?”
The Spirit Sect Master was stunned, his face paling!
If one spirit-devouring beast hadn’t wrecked Chen Ping’s mind, fine, but just now, several had rushed into him at once!
By all logic, that many beasts should’ve devoured his consciousness clean!
“How many more spirit-devouring beasts you got? Bring ‘em all out!”
Chen Ping swung his sword again!
In his shock, the Spirit Sect Master erupted with aura once more, trying to block Chen Ping’s strike!
Pfft!
The aura he unleashed was sliced apart by Chen Ping’s sword in an instant, a long gash opening across his body, blood gushing out!
“How? He’s only at third-rank Transcendence Realm!”
The Spirit Sect Master was dumbfounded!
Qian Xiaohan was too, he’d always assumed Chen Ping was possessed by someone stronger, explaining how he’d killed the Qian Sect’s third elder with one strike.
Otherwise, at third-rank Transcendence Realm, it should’ve been impossible!
But now, right before their eyes, Chen Ping had injured the Spirit Sect Master outright!
He hadn’t killed him in one blow, but clearly, the Spirit Sect Master was no match!
“You hurt our sect master, you’ll pay with your life…”
The Spirit Sect disciples roared, charging into the air together!
Moments later, dozens of assorted spirit beasts appeared in the sky, each letting out menacing growls!
Among them was a beast engulfed in flames, big as an ox, charging straight at Chen Ping!
The Spirit Sect was famed for raising spirit beasts, and theirs were all ferocious as hell!
Seeing the sect suddenly unleash so many beasts, everyone was taken aback!
Lin Kefan, Xuan Bin, Hua Yueying, and the others readied themselves to back Chen Ping up!
“Bloody hell, ants…”
Chen Ping eyed the dozens of spirit beasts and let out a dismissive snort!