“This is too powerful, just like the real thing, it’s simply ingenious!”
Bing Lu couldn’t help but exclaim in admiration when she saw the puppet dummy!
Ouyang Zhenhua, on the other hand, said with a smug look on his face, “Our Ouyang family ancestor, but he had received teachings from the Lu Ban Pavilion in the Heavenly Realm, and that’s how he learnt to build the puppet.”
“Lu Ban Pavilion?”Chen Ping instantly recalled that the folding fan he was holding was also made by the Lu Ban Pavilion.
“What, fellow Daoist has also heard of the Lu Ban Pavilion?”Ouyang Zhenhua looked at Chen Ping and asked!
Chen Ping nodded, “I have heard of it, that Lu Ban Pavilion is very powerful in refining weapons.”
“I wonder if Senior Ouyang can tell us the method of building the puppet? And what does this puppet use to drive it?”
If it was a puppet corpse refined by the Demon Race, it used the strength of the corpse’s body as well as the toughness of its flesh.
Therefore, the strength of the puppet corpse was related to the strength of the corpse before it was born!
However, this built puppet was different, it should be related to the means and materials used to build it, as well as the driving force!
“Fellow Daoist, although you have saved us, but this puppet building is our Ouyang family’s untold skill, I can’t tell you about it.”
“But this puppet drive, it can be driven by a spirit stone, beast dan or something like that, the more advanced the spirit stone and beast dan, then the more powerful the puppet will be.”
Ouyang Zhenhua said!
Hearing Ouyang Zhenhua say this, Chen Ping was not surprised, after all, this was someone’s family’s mastery, how could he teach it to others at will.
“Senior Ouyang, I also have a Lu Ban Pavilion-built body protector here, take a look.”
Chen Ping took out the folding fan!
Ouyang Zhenhua took it and looked at it carefully, then excitedly said, “Not bad, this is indeed built by the Lu Ban Pavilion, only that it is damaged, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to use it for several times.”
“However, this folding fan, blocking a strike from the peak of the Ferrying Realm is still no problem.”
“Senior Ouyang, if I give you this folding fan, can you tell me that method of building a puppet?”
“I promise I won’t spread it out, I’m just curious!”
Chen Ping endured the pain of giving that folding fan to Ouyang Zhenhua in exchange for the method of building a puppet!
Although Chen Ping could use the Nine Shadows Sword Technique to detach himself, the detachment consumed the power of his main body!
And this bilocation did not exist at all times!
But this puppet was different, as long as there were materials and spirit stones, it could be built at will, and did not need to consume Chen Ping’s own body’s power!
Chen Ping thought that if he were to create an army of puppets, he would be able to sweep through the Celestial Realm at that time!
Even if the puppets were destroyed, there would be no heartache, they could be built at any time.
Ouyang Zhenhua looked at the folding fan in his hand, and after contemplating for a moment, he whispered a few words in Chen Ping’s ear!
No one knew what was said!
“Fellow Daoist, I hope that you will not spread it out, this is also my reward for saving your life.”
“See you later ……”
After Ouyang Zhenhua finished speaking, he led his people up the mountain.
Chen Ping with Bing Lu and the others did not continue up the mountain, but rested in place!
Chen Ping knew that he could only go up the mountain if he had completely recovered, if he ran into that Mu Family’s people, in Chen Ping’s current condition, he would be looking for death!
Chen Ping pondered over what Ouyang Zhenhua said, although the method to build the puppet was available, Chen Ping had no place to find the materials now!
Moreover, several of these materials, Chen Ping had never even heard of them!
No wonder this Ouyang family did not build an army of puppets, it seemed that the materials were precious and rare!
At the moment, Chen Ping had no way to build puppets, he could only see if he could find these materials in his free time.
Chen Ping used the various Immortal Herb resources in his storage ring to quickly recover his physical strength, and after only half a day, Chen Ping was back to his old self!