“I also don’t know what is within this beast egg, but I know that this beast egg has been absorbing Immortal Qi, in order to be able to hatch this beast egg, so I picked up these weapons, and utilised the Immortal Qi within the weapons to allow this beast egg to hatch.”
“Unfortunately it’s been thousands of years, this beast egg still doesn’t seem to be showing signs of hatching, but looking at it, it’s very likely that there is a Spirit Beast within this beast egg, if it was one of us ordinary demonic beasts, wrapped in such a rich Immortal Qi, it would have already hatched out.”
The demonic beast leader said after Chen Ping!
“Spirit Beast eggs?” Chen Ping was instantly a little surprised!
One must know that Spirit Beasts were something that could not be found, and that the strength of a Spirit Beast was many times stronger than that of an ordinary Demon Beast!
In the Heavenly Realm many only Immortals who had reached sufficient strength were worthy of having a Spirit Beast mount!
“Then what did you bring me here for?”
Chen Ping asked!
“You have the aura of the Beast Race and the power of the Dragon Race, I want you to hatch this Spirit Beast Egg.”
“If it does hatch, this one spirit beast is better than any treasure within this Divine Demon Battlefield.”
The demonic beast leader said!
Chen Ping quietly looked at the demonic beast leader and frowned slightly, “Why do you want to help me? Is it because of the divine dragon power in my body?”
“No, I am not helping you, I am helping myself.”
The demonic beast paused and said “With the opening of the Divine Demon Battlefield, the life of our tribe is about to be disrupted, and at that time, we will inevitably be massacred, and then our beast dan will be taken.”
“I only hope that you can when the Divine Demon Battlefield closes, you can close the entrance to the Divine Demon Battlefield here completely, we just want to live in peace.”
“We don’t want to cultivate into Immortality, we just want to not be disturbed, in fact, staying here for thousands of years is quite good ……”
The demonic beast leader’s tone carried a great deal of helplessness!
There weren’t many people entering the Divine Demon Battlefield right now, and their beast eggs had even been carried away by Luo Xi, so if there were too many people here, they might even have to be exterminated as a colony!
You have to know that these demonic beasts living in the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, they have no way to ascend to Immortality, after all, this world is artificially opened up.
If these demonic beasts wanted to ascend into Immortality, they would have to break this Divine Demon Battlefield or have another Immortal come and destroy this side of the world and release these demonic beasts!
However, right now, it seemed that these demonic beasts didn’t want to leave this place, nor did they want to become demonic immortals for eternity!
They only wanted to live peacefully!
“Alright, I promise you, only I’m afraid that I won’t be able to seal the entrance to the Divine Demon Battlefield with my own strength.”
Chen Ping agreed to that demonic beast leader’s request, only that he was only just at the Cautious Transition Realm now, and was afraid that it would not be easy for him to permanently seal the entrance to the Divine Demon Battlefield!
“As long as you promise, I believe that you can do it, you have the power of the divine dragon in your body, so you will definitely be able to do it.”
The demonic beast leader trusted Chen Ping, because he believed in the power of the divine dragon in Chen Ping’s body!
As a beast race, this demonic beast knew the power of the divine dragon power!
“I’ll try my best!” Chen Ping nodded!
“If this is a spirit beast egg, treat it well.”
After the demonic beast leader finished speaking, he turned around and left!
It looked like these demonic beasts did not reside here, they just brought Chen Ping and the two of them here!
“Mr Chen, could this really be a spirit beast egg?”
Luo Xi was a little less convinced, after all, she had never seen a spirit beast either!
“It’s possible, in this God and Demon Battlefield, there will definitely be spirit beasts participating in the battle as well, leaving behind a spirit beast egg is not impossible.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he slowly walked towards the spirit beast egg, then reached out and wiped his hand on it!
The Spirit Beast Egg unexpectedly carried a warmth that was very comfortable to touch!