Chen Ping did not know what the Progressive Ranking was, and it was the second time he had heard Ning Zhi mention this what Progressive Ranking, but Chen Ping did not ask.
“Is this your strongest strike? If so, I’ll be disappointed, I originally thought I could take you even ……”
Chen Ping said as he gently pulled his legs out and teasingly looked at Ning Zhi.
“Didn’t you not bring out your full strength either?”
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping with cold eyes and said.
Chen Ping smiled faintly, “If I had brought out my full strength, I’m afraid you would be a corpse by now ……”
“You’re too arrogant ……”
Ning Zhi frowned, followed by his breath rising again.
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body also flickered up at the same time, the Incorruptible Golden Body being brought into play to its fullest extent by Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s current body, even if it was an eighth grade martial sect, it simply could not break the defense, this imperishable golden body had long since been enhanced by the power of the divine dragon, not knowing how much.
Now Chen Ping was like a great golden immortal descending from the heavens, and many ordinary people, watching from afar, were kneeling down and worshipping to the ground!
Looking at the shimmering golden Chen Ping, Ning Zhi’s face became increasingly grave, and immediately afterwards a shimmering incantation began to surround Ning Zhi’s body!
At this moment, Ning Zhi was like being in a huge pillar of light, as the spell surrounding him flashed and glowed, and then grew larger and disappeared.
Slowly, Ning Zhi’s body actually transformed into a spell as well, and these spells formed the shape of a person.
“What is this?”
When Chen Ping saw this, he couldn’t help but frown.
This was the first time he had seen this, whether it was the ninjutsu of the island martial artists or the invisibility technique, Chen Ping had seen it all before.
But this was the first time Chen Ping had seen Ning Zhi like this.
This strange jutsu, in turn, left Chen Ping at a loss for a moment.
A spell suddenly came towards Chen Ping, instantly spreading into a large net of several metres, to wrap Chen Ping in it.
Chen Ping fiercely slapped out his palm, and the huge strong wind caused those incantations to be blown away instantly.
Only after being scattered, these incantations instantly coalesced together again.
Seeing this, Chen Ping swung out with a few more punches!
Boom boom boom …………
A strong wind whistled up, causing those incantations to have no chance to coalesce!
But soon, the scattered incantations turned into a huge palm and slapped down towards Chen Ping.
A palm slammed hard on Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping’s body emitted a sound like a crashing bell.
The scales that glittered with golden light began to fall off and disappear, and the golden light on his body began to fade.
Soon, the imperishable golden body on Chen Ping’s body was surprisingly shattered, and his bronze skin was exposed, glittering under the sunlight.
A spell instantly condensed and Ning Zhi’s body faintly appeared, looking at Chen Ping, whose Unbreakable Golden Body had disappeared, Ning Zhi’s face was filled with triumph.
“Peak Martial Sect, not just an increase in strength, after I reach this realm, I will be able to start using many of our Ning Family’s spells, you have to know that our Ning Family’s spells were created for me by spending a lot of money and hiring many spell masters to create them for me in a measured manner.”
“You don’t deserve to fight me if you want to, remember, you’re not fighting me, you’re fighting our entire Ning Family ……”
Ning Zhi laughed coldly, followed by his body shape changing once again as he ruthlessly smashed towards Chen Ping.
Boom boom boom …………
A fist smashed into Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping’s body instantly retreated backwards, his chest even dented.
Without his Unbreakable Golden Body, but relying on the strength of his physical body, it was still difficult to resist Ning Zhi’s attack.
Every punch Chen Ping swung was like hitting the air, unable to cause any damage to that Ning Zhi at all, let alone blocking Ning Zhi’s attack.