“Didn’t see it, it can’t be that it was caught in that storm!”
Gu Tianzhao panicked a little inside!
He now hated himself for asking more!
“Maybe, I’ll go take a look, you guys can go to the island to rest first ……”
Mu Qiufeng waved his hand, allowing Gu Tianzhao and the others to leave!
Gu Tianzhao let out a long sigh of relief and immediately ordered his men to set up a spirit boat wanting to bypass Mu Qiufeng and their spirit boat!
The many pill masters in the cabin also secretly breathed a sigh of relief when they saw this!
Even Chen Ping also relaxed, he had been inside the cabin, maintaining that shielding formation so as to shield the aura of these pill masters from being detected!
But it was this relaxation that caused Mu Qiufeng’s brows to furrow the moment the two ships crossed paths!
“Patriarch, there are still people within this spirit boat ……”
A slightly hunched old man said to Mu Qiufeng!
“Sect Master Gu, please wait a moment!”Mu Qiufeng called Gu Tianzhao back!
This time, Gu Tianzhao had his heart in his throat again!
“Sect Master Mu, is there anything else?”Gu Tianzhao asked!
“Sect Master Gu, there are other people in your cabin, right?”
Mu Qiufeng asked directly.
“No ah, the spirit boat is broken to this state, how could there be anyone else!”
Gu Tianzhao shook his head!
“Hmph, still want to lie, there are clearly people within this cabin of yours, yet you say there aren’t.”
The hunchbacked old man snorted coldly, and even leapt towards Gu Tianzhao’s spirit boat!
With that, he was about to rush inside the cabin, which scared Gu Tianzhao!
If this guy was allowed to enter the cabin, then the pill masters inside would all be discovered!
Just when Gu Tianzhao didn’t know what to do, suddenly an ice-cold voice came out from inside the cabin!
“The place where I rest, is it not something that you and the others can enter?”
Along with the icy voice, an aura surged madly within the cabin!
Boom!
An arrow condensed by Supreme Fire rushed out like a fire dragon, heading straight for the hunchbacked old man!
The hunchbacked old man was taken aback as his body was instantly struck by the Supreme Fire and his entire body flew backwards!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had his hands behind his back as he slowly walked out of the cabin!
Chen Ping’s eyes carried contempt and grimness!
Looking at the hunchbacked old man who flew out backwards, Chen Ping gently waved his palm, and a fire dragon scroll instantly formed!
The heavens and earth instantly changed colour as flames covered the sky!
The fire dragon scroll directly caught the hunchbacked old man in it, and then crazily wreaked havoc on the surface of the sea!
Seeing this scene, everyone was dumbfounded, especially that Mu Qiufeng!
This hunchbacked old man was an elder of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, with the strength of a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm, how could he be cleaned up with a single strike?
Moreover, looking at Chen Ping’s young age, he looked like he was only at the Sixth Grade of the Ferrying Realm!
A Ferrying Realm Sixth Grade cultivator, yet he had beaten a Mahayana Realm First Grade without any power to fight back, and what’s more, the other party seemed to be very relaxed!
“This fellow, what on earth is he? The Supreme Fire used is surprisingly so pure, it seems that this fellow’s Supreme Fire Origin has already reached perfection.”
Mu Qiufeng looked at Chen Ping with a slight frown!
To be able to activate the Supreme Fire with a wave of his hand, then he must have already perceived the Supreme Fire Origin, or else he had not been so skilful.
However, even if he had realised the Origin of Supreme Fire, a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm shouldn’t have been able to produce such a powerful outburst!
Just as Mu Qiufeng was puzzled, Chen Ping said to Gu Tianzhao with an icy face, “Gu Tianzhao, how are you doing your job? Don’t you know that I don’t like to be disturbed?”
Seeing this, Gu Tianzhao hurriedly stepped forward and said, “Your Excellency, I am really sorry, I was careless.”
Seeing Gu Tianzhao treat Chen Ping with such respect, Mu Qiufeng was even more confused!
The Two Yi Sect was also considered to be a not so small sect, and it was also a formation sect, for a sect master of such a large sect to treat a small cultivator of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm with such respect, then there was only one reason for it, and that was Chen Ping’s identity was not simple!