The next day!
Chen Ping’s crowd travelled to the Chizuru Shrine!
The Chizuru Shrine was located right on top of the summit of Mount Fuji, where it was cold and foggy all year round!
But even so, today, the day of the great festival, could not stop the many believers from travelling to the shrine!
Only to see many believers walking step by step towards the top of the mountain!
However, there was a very strange phenomenon, and that was the fact that many believers would have a wonderful girl with them!
And each girl was dressed up in full regalia, dressed very beautifully.
Even the clothes were dressed in the traditional women’s clothing of the island!
This made Chen Ping and also Hu Ma Zi feel very strange!
“Watanabe Fumio, when these people go on a pilgrimage, why are they bringing so many girls with them?”
Chen Ping asked in puzzlement.
“Master, because every year at the Priest Ceremony, there is a possibility that the gods will select girls, and as long as they are seen by the gods, then the girl’s family will be able to soar.”
“That’s why many people will bring their family’s prettiest and youngest girl on this day, and come dressed grandly.”
Watanabe Fumio explained.
“Shit, what the fuck kind of god is this? Isn’t this also an old pervert ……”
When Hu Ma Zi heard this, he immediately cursed angrily!
However, although Hu Ma Zi cursed, but his eyes could not hide the envy, this kind of feeling like choosing a concubine, Hu Ma Zi had never experienced!
“Where did those selected girls end up?”
Chen Ping asked.
Watanabe Fumio shook his head, “I don’t know, no one knows the whereabouts of the chosen girls, but after the family flew the coop, no one bothered to ask about the whereabouts of the girls.”
After Chen Ping heard this, he could not help but coldly smile, “This Thousand Crane Shrine’s deity is somewhat interesting ……”
Soon, Chen Ping and the others arrived in front of the shrine, only to see a very grand building that towered over the top of the mountain!
It was very difficult to know that it was very difficult to build such a huge building on top of this mountain.
From this, it could be seen that the strength of this Thousand Crane Shrine was not weak!
At this moment, in the square at the top of the mountain, thousands of people had already gathered, these were all the believers of the Thousand Crane Shrine!
And in front of a built altar, Ono Hiroshi was wearing a samurai uniform, quietly sitting on a chair, looking at the thousands of believers in front of him, his face full of joy!
When the time came, Ono Hiroshi came with an impassioned speech, speaking those believers one by one with a surging heart!
At the time of the crowd’s enthusiasm, Ono Hiroshi ordered people to slowly begin to launch a sculpture!
But the sculpture was covered with a black cloth, so it was impossible to see what was inside!
“The great gods have blessed us, and we will give all we have to give back to our gods ……”
As Ono Hiroshi said, he actually directly cut his finger!
Only to see the blood flowing out of his finger, instead of dripping onto the ground, it slowly floated towards mid-air!
Seeing this, the thousands of believers also all cut their fingers, some directly biting them, and all the blood that flowed out, slowly floated towards the air!
“Chen Ping, what the fuck is going on?”
Hu Ma Zi looked at this scene and was a little confused!
To talk about magic techniques, Hu Ma Zi knew quite a lot, but he had never seen this kind!
Chen Ping also had a slight frown on his face and did not say anything, but quietly watched!
Only to see that the blood came together in the air.
Along with the black cloth on the sculpture slowly opening, a sculpture wearing armour and holding a katana was revealed.
The blood that coalesced in mid-air slowly fell onto the sculpture, and the bright red blood was unexpectedly absorbed by the sculpture in an instant!
Moreover, the two eyes of the sculpture suddenly flashed with red light!
Seeing this, Ono Hiroshi fell to his knees in a hurry!
And those other believers also knelt down, shouting, “God of Martial Arts, God of Martial Arts …………”