In the middle of the room, that young Pavilion Master Qian was sitting on a chair looking at something!
Feeling the aura fluctuation, Pavilion Master Qian looked up, and after seeing Elder Sun and Chen Ping, he was slightly stunned, then he got up strangely and asked, ‘Old Sun, at this time, you should already be on your way, why haven’t you left yet?’
‘I was originally going to leave, but Mr Chen needed to purchase some information, so I brought him here, it’s fine to take off a little later.’
Elder Sun said!
‘You guys sit down first ……’
Pavilion Master Qian let Chen Ping and Elder Sun sit down and made two cups of tea for the people before asking, ‘I don’t know what information Mr Chen needs to buy.’
‘Pavilion Master Qian, I want to know information about the Mu Family, I wonder if there is any?’
Chen Ping asked!
Pavilion Master Qian was stunned, then said, ‘Of course there is, the Mu Family is also considered a famous big family, their information, of course we have it in Wan Tong Pavilion.’
‘I just don’t know what Mr Chen is purchasing the Mu Family’s information for?’
Chen Ping looked at the Qian Pavilion Master and frowned slightly, but did not say anything, while that Qian Pavilion Master smiled awkwardly and said, ‘I’m sorry, I’m the one who spoke too much, I shouldn’t have asked.’
Doing business was doing business, there was no need to ask what the customer was buying it for!
This was professional conduct!
‘Mr Chen, wait a moment!’
After Pavilion Master Qian finished speaking, he turned around and walked to a wall, then with a gentle press of his palm, a formation pattern slowly lit up and Pavilion Master Qian’s figure disappeared into thin air!
About ten minutes later, Pavilion Master Qian returned, only with an additional jade slip in his hand, which contained precisely the various information of the Mu Family!
‘Mr Chen, within this jade slip is the information of that Mu Family, but our Wan Tong Pavilion is in business, so Mr Chen must have enough money to do so.’
Pavilion Master Qian said!
‘Pavilion Master Qian name a price, I know the rules!’
Chen Ping said.
‘Since Mr Chen is already an old patron of our Wantong Pavilion and also has an Elder Token, just offer five million spirit coins for this Mu Family information.’
Pavilion Master Qian said as he extended his hand!
Chen Ping did not hesitate and directly threw out five purple gold spirit coins, for Chen Ping, money was not a problem!
After getting the money, that Pavilion Master Qian then smiled and gave that jade slip to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping received the jade slip and when he wanted to put it away, he was stopped by the Money Pavilion Master.
‘Mr Chen, you can’t take this away, you can only keep the information within the jade slip in your head here.’
‘This is the only jade slip we have, if someone else buys the Mu Family’s information, won’t we be left without it.’
Pavilion Master Qian said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, then he had to admire this Wan Tong Pavilion!
This was simply a one and done deal, collect the information once and sell it over and over again, this was really a no-frills business!
However, Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but a spiritual energy into the jade slip, the content inside all entered Chen Ping’s mind!
Soon, Chen Ping had memorised all of it, and then handed the jade slip back to Pavilion Master Qian!
‘Pavilion Master Qian, I still want to buy some materials for refining puppets, I wonder if you have any here?’
Chen Ping asked!
‘Of course I have them, I don’t know what you ……’ Pavilion Master Qian was just about to ask Chen Ping what he had for them, but he quickly shut up and turned around to leave!
Professional conduct, can’t ask guests too many questions.
Not too long after, Pavilion Master Qian brought a good variety of materials, all of which were used for refining puppets!
‘Mr Chen, this puppet refining material is incredibly expensive, are you sure you want it?’
Pavilion Master Qian asked!
‘Of course, Pavilion Master Qian name the price!’
Chen Ping was not afraid of being expensive, he was afraid of not having anything!
‘With these materials, there shouldn’t be any problem refining a three-headed puppet, the price is thirty million spirit coins.’
Pavilion Master Qian said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he could not help but be staggered, the equivalent of ten million spirit coins a puppet!
No wonder that Ouyang family treated the puppets as treasures!
However, Chen Ping still paid the money painfully!