“We respectfully follow the teachings ……”
The Patriarch of the Broken Gut Sect promised one after another!
Chen Ping looked at Hu Puzi: “Master Hu, let’s go in and see ah?”
Hu Pazzi forgot a glance at the dark entrance and sighed: “Go, life and death have a life rich in heaven ……”
“Do not worry, once the situation is not right, we will withdraw out, this time just to explore the road!”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, then took the lead and walked in!
As soon as he stepped into the entrance, Chen Ping adjusted his body’s aura to the extreme, here he did not dare to have any carelessness!
Then Chen Ping wanted to spread his divine sense to explore the way, but found that it could not be spread out at all!
Chen Ping and Hu Pazi, every step was taken carefully, playing with 12 points of spirit!
“Master Hu, do you think there’s still someone alive in this ancient ruin?”
Chen Ping suddenly popped up this sentence!
“It’s possible ……”
Pocky Hu nodded his head.
Chen Ping froze for a moment, then looked at Pocky Hu incredulously, “Master Hu, this is a clan from thousands of years ago, could there still be people who can live for thousands of years?”
“Runic art is ever-changing, and all of it is heavenly, just like that elixir, if you eat the immortality pill, you can live forever, is there no runic spell that can make people survive for thousands of years?”
Hu Pazi said with a faint smile.
“Then what do all these charms look like? Are they all the same as the ones you drew? Need a piece of yellow paper?”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
“Don’t always compare me, this trick of mine is not even a fart in the eyes of a real talisman master.”
“A real rune spell can be anything, it can be any object, it can even draw a spell in the void, even a human brain, it is able to plant a spell.”
“These are all runic arts, if you ask me what a rune looks like, how should I answer you?”
Hu Pazi looked at Chen Ping and asked.
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, he knew very little about runes and spells, and only some of the most basic things, that’s why he asked such unlevel words!
The two men took a few more cautious steps forward, and suddenly the entire ruins began to shake!
“Holy sh*t, is it going to collapse?”
Hu Ma Zi couldn’t help but burst out a foul mouth!
At that moment, a heat wave suddenly came in front of Chen Ping, followed by a blazing fire!
Along with the firelight, Chen Ping and the others then saw that there were several corpses lying on the ground, obviously those of the Black Bronze Robe and the Broken Gut Sect!
“Retreat quickly ……”
Chen Ping pulled Hu Ma Zi, the two men hurriedly backward!
But in the process of retreating, the stone walls on both sides actually also burned with flames, and the entire entrance actually became a burning fire field!
Chen Ping’s face changed greatly, even their retreat, now also burning flames!
The blazing fire had surrounded them!
“D*mn, this heavenly fire talisman can actually exert such power, it seems that the guy who drew these talismans is definitely a talisman master ……”
Hu Pazi said with a gloomy face.
“What do we do?”
Chen Ping asked to Hu Pazi.
In this kind of place, Chen Ping can only ask Hu Pazi if there is a good way.
“I’ll try to see if the fire-avoidance talisman can carry us through ……”
Hu Pazi finished, took out a brush from his pocket, after biting the tip of his finger, took the brush and dipped it in his own blood.
Immediately after Hu Pazi in mid-air, but waving the brush!
Soon, a rune actually appeared in mid-air, the rune flashed red light, and finally enveloped Chen Ping and Hu Pazi.
“Go ……”
Hu Pazzi pulled Chen Ping, and then rushed forward!
Chen Ping looked at Hu Pazi shocked: “I did not expect you can also not use the rune paper ah?”