After sending Lin Tianhu away, Chen Ping looked at the Heavenly Dragon Ring in his hand and couldn’t help but let out a bitter smile, this old dragon leader had given this to himself and didn’t even say anything, where was he going to find these halls by himself? Not every time could he be as lucky as when he met Lin Tianhu.
Early the next morning, Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er set off. After following Li Shouyi’s turn, in order to prevent Jiang’s family from getting into trouble halfway, Li Shouyi asked both Gu Ling’er and Chen Ping to disguise themselves and then go to the provincial capital!
And Li Shouyi himself took the men back in a big way so that he could attract the attention of the Jiang family!
Gu Ling’er drove the car and took Chen Ping all the way to the provincial city without any danger, and did not encounter any danger on the way.
“Miss Gu, it’s already noon, since we’ve arrived at your place, you should do your duty as a host and treat me to a meal!”
Chen Ping sat on the pa*senger side and smiled at Gu Ling’er.
“You’re on the verge of death, and you’re still thinking about eating!”
Gu Ling’er said with a helpless expression.
“Even if I have to die, I still want to be a satiated ghost, life is a gra*s and trees, everyone will die, it’s just sooner or later, why do you care so much!”
Chen Ping had a playful expression on his face, making Gu Ling’er’s tense mood lighter.
“For the sake of you saving my grandfather’s hair, I’ll treat you to a meal, but we can’t go to a big restaurant, we’ll have to go for snacks so that we won’t be discovered by the Jiang family!”
“No problem, just eat the special snacks!” Chen Ping wasn’t too picky, he could eat anything!
Gu Ling’er took Chen Ping and parked the car in a car park, then walked to a small alley, which was full of shops selling special snacks, although the shops were not big, they all had their own characteristics!
“I’ll take you to eat the donkey meat hotpot in the provincial city, your Hongcheng’s donkey meat hotpot is not authentic, I’ll add some plate intestines and ca*seroles inside the hotpot for you, it will make you smell like oil!”
As soon as she entered the alley, Gu Ling’er excitedly followed Chen Ping and introduced her.
It seemed that every girl was a foodie and would become excited whenever she arrived at such a place!
When Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er had just taken a few steps, they were directly stopped by three strong men!
Chen Ping was stunned and looked at the three men, realising that he didn’t even know them.
“You’re Chen Ping, right?” A strong man with black hair all over his chest asked at Chen Ping.
Looking at the stout man’s body shape and physique, it was obvious that he had practiced a type of hard qigong.
Chen Ping did not answer him, but glanced at Gu Ling’er beside him.
At this moment, Gu Ling’er frowned tightly and stepped forward in front of Chen Ping, saying: “Who are you people? What do you care if he is Chen Ping?”
The strong man took a look at Gu Ling’er and said, “Little girl, get out of my way, you have nothing to do here, I am Ye Yong of the Iron Gate Pavilion, today I will kill Chen Ping to avenge my senior brother!”
With that, this Ye Yong was about to strike at Chen Ping, but he was met with a furious shout from Gu Ling’er, “Stop it, I am from the Dharma Protection Pavilion, how dare you commit murder in front of me?”
“So what if you’re from the Dharma Protection Court? If you don’t let go, we’ll beat you up together!”
That Ye Yong had a grim face, not caring that Gu Ling’er was someone from the Dharma Protecting Pavilion.
“You …………”
Gu Ling’er was furious, when he was in Hong City, it was fine for him to be despised by Lin Tianhu, but when he arrived at his own place in the provincial city, he was still despised, Gu Ling’er felt too humiliated!
However, before Gu Ling’er could say anything, Ye Yong had already swung his fist out, don’t look at the size of this Ye Yong, but his speed is very fast, a fist swing, the wind of the fist sounded!
After dodging Ye Yong’s punch with a side-step, she immediately punched Ye Yong in the eye of the waist, which is a favourite move of the agents.