“Moro divine Palm ……”
The devil amba*sador shouted explosively, his entire body’s aura instantly exploded, a fierce wind roared, and the sky instantly became dim.
Soon, palms that were like small mountains descended from the sky and headed directly towards Chen Ping!
A hundred metres around Chen Ping was enveloped, and this time it was almost impossible for Chen Ping to dodge in an instant!
Everyone was shocked and stunned as they looked at the mountainous palm in front of them!
One by one, they couldn’t help but continue to retreat backwards, they could feel the breath of that palm!
Even a Martial Saint would not dare to say that he had the ability to carry it off with this terrifying palm.
Factory Lu’s face was incomparably ugly, he had never thought that a demonic cultivator from the secular world would be this terrifyingly strong!
“Chen Ping …………”
Ge Jiayi shrieked, her hands clasped together tightly, her palms covered in sweat as she worried for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was enveloped by this palm, his entire face was also filled with a grimace, a cold aura constantly flickering in his eyes, he knew that being able to resist this blow was the most crucial.
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping also shouted explosively, a golden light fist shadow, instantly swung out towards mid-air!
But just as the two fists were about to clash together, suddenly both terrifying auras all disappeared!
The devil amba*sador looked into the air with a shocked expression of disbelief!
Equally incredible was Chen Ping, whose Holy Light Fist, which also contained all his power, had disappeared without a word!
Just as both of them were looking confused, a crisp burst could be heard!
Clack …………
Chen Ping and the devil amba*sador both looked at the sound and suddenly found that the originally incredibly hard divine altar had actually started to crack at this moment!
And the Blood Demon’s flesh was actually standing upright at this moment, his entire body wrapped in light!
With a crash …………
The divine altar instantly shattered, the light disappeared, and that Blood Devil’s flesh body was now standing upright and began to emit an aura from its body!
Chen Ping looked at the scene in front of him and was instantly frozen, not understanding what was happening!
On the contrary, when the demon envoy saw this, he was instantly surprised and fell to his knees in a panic!
“My disciple pays respects to Lord Blood Demon ……”
As soon as the devil amba*sador kneeled down, Ning Zhi also immediately ran with four black and gold robes one after another and knelt down in front of the Blood Devil!
At this moment, the Blood Demon was still floating in mid-air, motionless, except that there was a glow in his eyes!
“What the hell is going on here?”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, you were tricked by me, I told you on purpose to use something to block the light from that divine altar, because only then would you release the Blood Demon’s flesh, and the Blood Demon would be able to use the power of the revived aura to be reborn!”
“Hahahahahaha …… the blood devil is resurrected, the whole world is ours, you will all die, all of you will die ……”
The devil amba*sador laughed crazily.
After hearing this, Chen Ping’s entire face became extremely ugly, he did not expect that he had fallen for these guys’ ways.
“I must not let him come back to life ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes gaped as he intended to directly destroy the Blood Demon’s corpse!
But before Chen Ping could make a move, an aura that broke through the sky and was overwhelming instantly enveloped the entire Penglai Island!
The Blood Demon raised his hand so violently that the sea in the distance actually raised a huge wave!
Just this aura caused Chen Ping to fall to the ground with a poof, and even the others who were far away, all fell down!
Some of those with low strength were only seen to be crushed to death alive after this breath!
Moreover, the Blood Devil had exploded with such terrifying might with just a slight lift of his hand.
“Disciples respectfully welcome Lord Blood Devil’s rebirth ……”
The Devil Envoy’s entire body trembled with excitement.
The Blood Devil slowly descended from mid-air and just swept a glance at the crowd with his eyes, so the people felt an unprecedented pressure!
Everyone had their heads lowered and no one dared to look directly into the eyes of the Blood Demon!
Only Chen Ping struggled to raise his head and look at the Blood Demon!
The Blood Demon also looked at Chen Ping in the same way, and there was surprisingly no anger in his eyes.