This instantly suppressed Chen Ping’s golden dragon in an instant!
“Hahahaha, I have thousands more believers, I have an inexhaustible amount of faith power.”
“If you go on fighting with me, the ultimate result, that is to die of exhaustion ……”
Jue Yuan laughed crazily, the endless power of faith made Jue Yuan become rampant!
At this moment, Chen Ping looked at the rampant Jue Yuan, the corners of his mouth curled up into a smile!
“You have the power of faith, I also have it, I’ll show you my power of faith ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“You’re nonsense, you don’t have any believers, so how did you get the power of faith, it’s just nonsense ……”
Jue Yuan didn’t believe Chen Ping had the power of faith at all!
“I have more than a million believers, how can I be compared to a little host like you!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he only saw his hands choke the spell and a fierce light shot straight up to the clouds!
At this moment, thousands of miles away from the island, all of Chen Ping’s statues began to glow with a faint light!
Tens of thousands of statues emitted the power of devotion at this moment, then converged together and hurriedly headed towards Chen Ping’s direction!
One must know that this was the faith power of the entire island nation, a faith power that was countless times more powerful than that of Jue Yuan!
The overwhelming power of faith covered the entire sky as it sped towards Chen Ping!
“Can you die without bragging? What are you, how are you worthy of possessing the power of faith?”
Shi Yan said to Chen Ping with a look of disdain!
But Chen Ping did not pay any attention to him, but waited in silence!
In mid-air, the Golden Dragon followed by the Buddha was already fighting in a white heat, and at this moment, the Golden Dragon was starting to lose some strength, but Chen Ping did not panic at all!
The overwhelming power of faith crossed the vast sea and the high mountain jungle …………
Somewhere in a pristine mountain peak, an old man was sitting on a huge rock, teaching the disciple before him the Heart Technique!
The old man couldn’t help but raise his head as the power of faith poured out of the sky and pa*sed through the air!
“How could there be such a huge amount of faith power?”
“Strange, strange …………”
The old man frowned slightly, then said to a man and a woman, “Xing’er, Rui’er, you two follow this power of faith to see what kind of person it is that can have such a huge power of faith ……”
A man and a woman got up and nodded, “As you command …………”
Soon, the two of them stepped on top of their precious swords and flew in the direction of the power of faith!
At the same time, in the deserted places of the Grand Xia, there were several figures that were also heading towards the direction of the Power of Faith!
Little did Chen Ping know that his casual invocation of the Power of Faith had alerted the attention of some of the hidden sects and gangs within the martial arts world!
Roar …………
In mid-air, the golden dragon hissed and let out a guttural dragon roar, before being slapped down by that Buddha’s palm!
Immediately afterwards, the golden dragon’s body turned into a bit of golden light and instantly dissipated!
In the end, it was the golden dragon that Chen Ping had conjured up that was defeated!
Shi Yan, who saw this scene, instantly burst into laughter.
“Hahahaha, you were defeated, where is your power of faith?”
“How come I haven’t seen your power of faith even after so half a day?”
Shi Yan asked as he took two steps forward and looked provocatively at Chen Ping.
“Don’t be anxious, it will be here soon ……”
Chen Ping said with a calm face.
“You don’t have to f*cking pretend, the power of your family’s faith is in the sky, it hasn’t arrived in such a long time?”
“It’s useless for you to use this method to stall for time, today you are bound to die!”
Shi Yan said with a cold smile.
But just as Shi Yan finished his words, he suddenly noticed a change in the sky, a universal aura was flying towards this side!
This startled Shi Yan, who thought that a high ranking person had come, after all, this kind of aura was not something that could be emitted by ordinary martial artists.