“Hmph, a mere seventh rank of the Transition Realm, how dare you clamour with me ……”
Seeing the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, Elder Chu snorted coldly!
“Then let’s try ……”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder let out an explosive shout, emitting sound waves that formed a wave, like a torrential river, unstoppable towards that Chu Elder!
Chu Elder heart was horrified, violently a palm shot out, palm wind meets the waves of sound waves, but was instantly shattered, no resistance!
Seeing this, Elder Chu’s entire body was somewhat dumbfounded!
And just as Elder Chu froze, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder then clawed out through the air!
The entire heaven and earth shook as a huge claw print headed towards Elder Chu!
Elder Chu’s pupils contracted rapidly, and his entire body continuously retreated backwards!
And constantly striking a spiritual power that shook the void, it was not easy to block the claw of the devil mountain ghost old man!
And at this time, Elder Chu had already been panting and sweating profusely, his eyes filled with incredulity!
“No, this …… how is this possible, you’re only the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, why do you have such a terrifying power?”
Elder Chu’s face was filled with incredulity!
“Worthy of having crossed the Demonic Apocalypse Cloud, not only is Ghost Elder invincible at the same rank, he’s also able to cross over the ranks!”
Luo Shouhai dragged his injured body and said with envy in his eyes!
“Demonic Tribulation Cloud?The Devil’s Tribulation Cloud was crossed by you?”
Elder Chu was stunned, he had always thought that it was Chen Ping who had crossed the Demonic Tribulation Cloud!
“Now that you know, I’m afraid it’s a little late ……”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder smiled coldly, then once again emitted a terrifying aura.
Elder Chu frowned and used his full strength to block it!
Only, this aura however, directly sent Elder Chu flying out, and then smashed heavily into the ground tens of metres!
Elder Chu climbed out, his eyes filled with shock, and blood was flowing from the corner of his mouth!
“Disrespecting Mr Chen, then there is only death ……”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder coldly shouted!
“I’m an elder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, you a small demonic cultivator dares to follow our Demon Sealing Alliance against us, our alliance master will never spare you.”
Elder Chu gritted his teeth and said!
“Hmph, all of your Demon Sealing Alliance’s eunuchs were killed by Mr Chen, do you think that Demon Sealing Alliance’s Lord will be kind enough to let it go, so he doesn’t care about killing one more of you!”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder shouted!
“Don’t be complacent, do you think I’m that easy to kill?”
Elder Chu finished speaking, his palm suddenly grasped, a special aura unexpectedly began to coalesce, gradually around that Elder Chu, a black hole unexpectedly appeared!
“Spatial arts, this guy is going to use spatial arts to escape ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly said loudly!
When the devil mountain ghost old man saw this, he was about to make a move, but that Elder Chu was sucked in by a huge suction force in the black hole, and then quickly disappeared!
“Hey, or was he escaped ……”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder sighed!
The remaining guys from the Demon Sealing Alliance, seeing that Elder Chu had run away, also turned their heads in fear and ran!
But Devil Mountain Ghost Elder wouldn’t give them a chance and directly leapt up!
Bai Shao also took the whip at this time and started firing!
These guys from the Demon Sealing Alliance were all strangled under the combined strength of the two!
“Dad ……”
“Master ……”
The guys from the Demon Sealing Alliance were all killed, with only Elder Chu escaping!
Luo Xi and Jin Dong, on the other hand, were concerned and ran towards Luo Shouhai!
Just now, Luo Shouhai was viciously slapped by that Elder Chu and was definitely injured!
Luo Shouhai coughed out a few mouthfuls of blood and smiled faintly, “I’m fine, I can’t die, I just broke a few ribs, I’ll be fine after recuperating for a while.”
Seeing that Luo Shouhai’s life was not in danger, Luo Xi and Jin Dong then put their hearts down!
“Mr Chen …………”
At this time, Elder Fei of the Soulless Hall walked towards Chen Ping!
Without waiting for Elder Fei to speak, Chen Ping then took out an elixir and threw it over, “This is the antidote, you’ll be fine after you eat it, thank you so much for just now ……”