“Die ……”
A cold aura swept across Qi Peijia’s eyes as the sword light slashed out abruptly!
This sword light was more than ten feet long, and wherever the sword Qi passed through, space collapsed instantly.
Chen Ping looked at this sword aura, his face hardened to the extreme!
At this moment, the Unbreakable Golden Body on his body had already crumbled and his body was injured, so he was afraid that he would not be able to receive this sword at all!
If that Heaven Swallowing Beast was able to come out and help out a little bit more, Chen Ping might still be able to resist!
But that Heaven Swallowing Beast was huffing and puffing, seemingly not caring if Chen Ping died or lived!
Chen Ping had no choice but to pull the Divine King Bow once again, as there was no more black mist to cover it up, the Divine King Bow was pulled, and countless points of light instantly surged in from all directions, which then coalesced to form an arrow of light!
But before Chen Ping could shoot those light arrows, he realised that from behind him, four terrifying auras arrived instantly!
Immediately after, the four auras followed Qi Peijia’s sword Qi to collide instantly!
Boom …………
After a loud bang, the heavens and earth instantly changed colour, and all the trees in the surrounding hundred miles were turned into ashes!
Qi Peijia, on the other hand, frowned and directly took three steps backwards.
Four figures came from far away and landed at Chen Ping’s side, it was none other than the four Lion Kings!
Seeing the Lion King and the others appear, Qi Peijia’s face could not be more ugly!
However, after the Lion King’s four joined hands to block Qi Peijia’s strike, they did not make a move and did not even look at that Qi Peijia, instead, they were staring at the Divine King’s Bow in Chen Ping’s hand!
At this moment, the Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand had already been drawn, and the light arrow was ready to be fired!
These four people looked on in shock, their jaws about to drop in shock!
They never expected that the Divine King Bow would be in Chen Ping’s hands, and what was even more unexpected was that Chen Ping would be able to pull the Divine King Bow!
One must know that Chen Ping was only a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, but he was actually able to pull the Divine King’s Bow!
It was too outrageous ……
Feeling the gazes of the four people, Chen Ping’s heart had some panic, slowly loosening the God King Bow, and the light arrow slowly disappeared!
The greed in the eyes of these four people let Chen Ping know that the four fellows were by no means here to save themselves, but rather, they had their eyes on the Divine King Bow in their hands!
“I finally know why that Fox Queen Lady fellow has been protecting him, she must have known that this fellow had the Divine King’s Bow in his hand, that’s why she did that.”
The Lion King spoke!
“That was too much for the Fox Emperoress to do, she didn’t even tell us, looks like she wants to keep it all to herself?”
The Leopard Emperor was also a bit angry!
Qi Peijia, on the other hand, saw that the four people had their eyes on the Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand, and was slightly relieved in his heart, as long as these four people were not here to save Chen Ping!
Although these four people were only at the seventh level of the Transition Realm, Qi Peijia could not afford to have four people join forces.
Not to mention the fact that there was also a Chen Ping in the room, if they really joined forces against him, he wouldn’t be able to carry it off!
“Four seniors, I have some grudges with this kid, I only want his life, as for the treasures on his body, I won’t take away a single one of them, I don’t know how the four seniors are?”
Qi Peijia asked politely to the Lion King four!
The four said none of them opened their mouths, all of them were staring at Chen Ping in death!
Finally the Lion King spoke up “Kid, give me the Divine King Bow, I can protect your safety and prevent others from killing you ……”
The Lion King did not promise that Qi Peijia, but instead followed Chen Ping to use the Divine King Bow to do business!
However, without waiting for Chen Ping to speak, the Monkey King on the side was dissatisfied “Lion King, what do you mean? Why should I give the Divine King Bow to you? ”
“And are you able to protect his safety yourself? You’re only at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, while the guy who wants him dead is at the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, other than us joining forces, who can protect him?”
The Monkey King’s words caused a wave of embarrassment on the Lion King’s face, if the others didn’t help, of course he wouldn’t be able to stop Qi Peijia from killing Chen Ping!
However, the Lion King only needed the Divine King’s Bow, as for protecting Chen Ping, it was just a casual remark, he would not do it!