Zhu Qingxiu’s face was full of shock as she slowly sank to the bottom of the sea, nothing happened at all!
“What the hell is going on here? What technique did you use? Even the Dead Sea can’t help you!”
Zhu Qingxiu asked in disbelief!
“Don’t ask me first, I would like to ask you, what is your relationship with the Zhu Family Town, and who is Zhu Qingyue to you?”
Chen Ping asked!
Zhu Qingxiu froze, then sized up Chen Ping and said, “How do you know about Zhu Family Town? And how do you know about my sister, Zhu Qingyue?”
“So Zhu Qingyue is your sister? It seems that my guess was not bad, although you only have half of your face left, but you look really similar to your sister.”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
However, that Zhu Qingxiu’s face instantly turned cold, she disliked people talking about her face the most!
Zhu Qingxiu put her mask back on and said coldly, “How on earth do you know my sister?”
Chen Ping had to tell the details of knowing Zhu Qingyue, but did not say anything about Zhu Qingyue following Xiao Feng!
When Zhu Qingxiu heard this, she immediately became furious, “That Qi Family Town is really outrageous, when our Ten Thousand Swords Sect wasn’t destroyed, where would they dare to treat our Zhu Family Town like this.”
“What’s going on with your Ten Thousand Swords Sect? Why was it exterminated?”
“Is it just because those demonic cultivators spied on your Wan Jian Sect’s secret scrolls?”
“And isn’t your Ten Thousand Swords Sect too weak, a few devil cultivators in the area exterminated you.”
Chen Ping didn’t understand, those few devil cultivators didn’t seem to be very strong, so how did they wipe out a clan!
“Don’t talk nonsense, our Ten Thousand Swords Sect isn’t weak, otherwise back then, my father wouldn’t have sent me to the Ten Thousand Swords Sect to learn from a master.”
“It’s just that that Demon Sealing Alliance pulled in our Ten Thousand Swords Sect, and Master, his old man, didn’t agree to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, so the Demon Sealing Alliance sent a large number of demonic cultivators to sneak up on us.”
“Because of the destruction of the Refining Sect, our Ten Thousand Swords Sect had no way to update the forging of precious swords for more than ten years, causing a huge drop in strength, and in the end, the disciples of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect died and fled.”
“Master gave me the Wan Jian Sect’s secret manuals for safekeeping, and I took the manuals and ran to hide above the Dead Sea.”
“There this because of hiding from the pursuit, I accidentally fell into the Dead Sea and half of my face touched the seawater, so I turned into this appearance.”
“I have been hiding on the islands of the Dead Sea, not daring to return home for fear of involving my relatives in Zhu Jia Town.”
“I also don’t know after such a long time, is father and them alright ……”
Zhu Qingxiu recalled the past and couldn’t stop her tears from flowing out!
“The Demon Sealing Alliance is simply too bad, sooner or later, one day, I will eradicate the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
A cold aura flickered in Chen Ping’s eyes!
“What’s going on with you? I heard that the Demon Sealing Alliance is chasing you with a hundred years of offerings? Do you have any deep hatred following the Demon Sealing Alliance?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked!
“No big grudge, I killed the son of the Sealing Demon Alliance’s Lord ……”
Chen Ping said lightly!
“What?”Zhu Qingxiu looked at Chen Ping incredulously, and finally gave a thumbs up towards Chen Ping, “You’re so bullish ……”
“Alright, don’t praise me, I’m prone to pride, I have some pills here, take them so that you can still recover faster!”
Chen Ping took out some recovery pills and handed them to Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu was not polite, she directly turned out the pills and threw them into her mouth.
As the pills entered the mouth, they instantly transformed into a clear stream that surged throughout the body, causing Zhu Qingxiu’s body to feel relaxed!
“I really didn’t expect that you still have such a high quality elixir!”
Zhu Qingxiu couldn’t help but appreciate!
“I have so many good things, when you get acquainted with me, I guarantee that you won’t be able to stay away!”
Chen Ping said jokingly!
Zhu Qingxiu blankly glanced at Chen Ping, then closed her eyes and began to activate her aura to recover!