“The Celestial Realm is a paradise in the eyes of the secular cultivators, but it is more like hell in the eyes of the true humans of the Celestial Realm, because the humans in the Celestial Realm will have a much higher desire for strength!”
“The goal that everyone strives for is to cross the tribulation and become an immortal, so in the eyes of humans in the Celestial Realm, relatives or friendships will be much lighter, and some people will do anything to be able to improve their strength.”
“So in the Celestial Human Realm, the most frightening thing is the hearts of the people, because everyone is blinded by the desire for realm strength, if it weren’t for the suppression of the laws of heaven and earth, the secular realm would be the most ideal place for humans to live!”
Master Iron Hammer said with great emotion!
Chen Ping did not say anything, often the world is like this, those inside the walled city want to get out, while those outside desperately want to enter the walled city ……
At this time, in a low house in Bashi village, Yun’er had left the demon beast corpse to old Zhang to dispose of while she was wiping the hands of an old woman on the bed with her eyes wrapped in white cloth!
“Granny, today I hunted and killed a big demon beast, Brother Ali said that when we go to the town tomorrow and sell the beast skin and beast pellets, we will get you medicine, and your eyes will be fine.”
Yun’er said as she wiped the old woman’s hands!
“You child, how can you go hunting in the mountains by yourself with this skill, if anything happens to you, how can I explain to your dead parents ……”
The old woman was very distressed and reprimanded Yun’er!
“Grandma, don’t worry, I have a good life, a kind man saved me today and even helped me kill the demon beast.”
“I see those people are so powerful, with a flick of their fingers, a demonic beast was killed straight away ……”
Yun’er followed the old lady as she talked about what happened to her on the mountain!
The old woman listened and said with a slight frown “Yun’er, where are those people you are talking about? Where are they now?”
“Grandma, I don’t know where they are from, but they have all been invited into Bashi Village by Brother Ally.”
Yun’er said!
“Bad ……” The granny got up so violently that she startled Yun’er directly, and then the granny said “Yun’er, take me to find those people right now, this Ah Li is really reckless, how can he bring them into the village? How could he bring them into the village?”
Looking at the granny, Yun’er said in confusion “Granny, you don’t have to be so nervous, I don’t think those people look like bad people, they even escorted me back.”
“You silly girl, people’s hearts are dangerous, you don’t understand anything, take me to ……”
The old woman urged Yun’er to take herself to see Chen Ping and the others!
Yun’er had no choice but to help the old woman towards the house!
Just as she stepped out of the room, she ran into Ah Li head-on.
“Brother Ah Li, those people who just saved me, where did you settle them down?”
Yun’er asked as she turned to Ally!
“Ah Li, why are you so reckless as to bring outsiders into the village? How did you become the village chief?”
The old woman reprimanded Ally with great dissatisfaction!
“Granny, I’ve locked those three people inside the stone house in the village, there are formations all around, they can’t get out.”
Ally said to the old woman!
“Brother Ah Li, they are my saviours, how can you lock them up?”
Yun’er said discontentedly as soon as she heard that Ah Li had locked Chen Ping and the others up inside the stone house!
“Sister Yun’er, these people ……”
“Alright, stop talking, take me to see ……” The old lady interrupted Ah Li and told him to rush towards the stone house with her.
When that granny arrived at the stone house, she did not go inside, but stood quietly outside the stone house, and an aura emanated from her body, enveloping towards the stone house!