Looking at the countless light arrows shot by Chen Ping, Qi Peijia’s face changed abruptly, raising his Black Demon Armour to the point where a dangerous aura was constantly approaching towards him!
“Heavenly Underworld Eye ……”
Qi Peijia roared, an eye instantly appeared on his forehead, the sky around him became grey and countless energies gathered on Qi Peijia’s body!
Under this grey void, that one light arrow seemed to be slowing down, stopped by something!
Above the sky, dark clouds coalesced and the entire sky grew darker and darker!
The entire world seemed to be slowly coming to a halt, with only Chen Ping’s Divine King Bow radiating light!
Countless black qi all coalesced in front of Qi Peijia’s body, and the arrows of light pierced through the barrier and struck Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia’s body kept retreating backwards, and his face was filled with a grimace!
Slowly the light arrows disappeared, Qi Peijia steadied his body, he was trying his best to control himself!
But a mouthful of blood surged upwards and was violently spat out!
Qi Peijia was a little surprised, he was a Transition Realm 8th grade cultivator, yet he was injured by Chen Ping, a Transition Realm 1st grade cultivator, it was simply too outrageous!
Qi Peijia knew that the Divine King Bow in Chen Ping’s hand had definitely played a huge role!
But in the case of a good divine weapon, it was impossible to injure oneself across so many realms without sufficient strength!
Chen Ping looked at Qi Peijia who was vomiting blood, and his face was also extremely ugly!
This Qi Peijia’s Heavenly Underworld Eyes were indeed formidable, and at this moment, Chen Ping was pulling the Divine King’s Bow, and it was already difficult for him to be condensing arrows of light!
The entire world seemed to be shrouded in black mist by that Qi Pei Jia!
“Kid, I admit that you are very strong, if I give you some time, you think that you will become a great danger to my heart.”
“Today I won’t let you have the slightest chance to live, not in the slightest ……”
Qi Peijia wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and the three eyes on his forehead unexpectedly flickered with light!
Along with the flickering light, a terrifying aura was condensing!
Soon, a pillar of light suddenly descended from the heavens, blasting towards Chen Ping!
This pillar of light came very suddenly, as if it had appeared above Chen Ping’s head out of nowhere!
Chen Ping could not dodge in time, and could only let out an explosive cry as the Unbreakable Golden Body on his body erupted with maximum power!
Even Chen Ping’s skin began to emit a golden light, as if it was plated with a layer of gold dust!
Boom …………
The pillar of light blasted down!
The entire earth shuddered as the ground was directly smashed out into a tens of metres deep pit!
Chen Ping was struck, and the Unbreakable Golden Body on his body instantly shattered!
Pieces of golden scales floated down and turned into nothingness!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was lying in the middle of the deep pit, without a single drop of blood on his face!
Qi Peijia’s strike was too strong!
The eighth rank of the Transition Realm, in addition to the power of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Chen Ping, even with the Divine King’s Bow and the Unbreakable Golden Body, was still not able to resist it!
There was no way around it, the gap was simply too great!
Moreover, this Qi Peijia’s Transition Realm Eighth Grade was much stronger than the others!
This fellow had obviously received a strange encounter, perhaps receiving the true transmission of a great demon, and that was why he was so powerful!
Chen Ping was lying in the deep pit, looking at the dark sky, and the entire person seemed to be in a daze!
Chen Ping at this moment seemed to feel powerless!
There was no way for him to cross this gap in realms!
“Mr Chen, you have to pull yourself together, you have to pull yourself together ah……”
Ochre Yan shouted loudly within Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness.
He couldn’t let Chen Ping wimp out, in that case Chen Ping would definitely lose, and if Chen Ping died, Ochre Amazing would disappear with him!
But at this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were lifeless and he no longer had any fighting spirit!
The Divine King’s Bow had been brought out, and it still didn’t help that Qi Peijia, Chen Ping no longer had any other means!
Qi Peijia slowly walked to the edge of the deep pit and looked at Chen Ping who was lying at the bottom of the pit with a few disdainful looks on his face!