Early in the morning!
Chen Ping and the others set off after the people from the five great sects!
Along the way, all of them were in their own way, and no one spoke!
However, just a short while after they had travelled, the winds and clouds in the sky suddenly changed, countless cloudy clouds condensed, and a large amount of snowflakes drifted down!
The temperature instantly dropped a lot, and the many cultivators had to burst out their spiritual energy around their bodies, resisting the cold!
However, Bing Lu and the girls were unaffected, after all, they were the ones who cultivated the Ice Technique and had lived in this environment for years and years!
“Mr Chen, another pole stone has been discovered up ahead ……”
At this time, Bing Lu walked up to Chen Ping and said!
“Where?” Chen Ping had been on guard against Hai Dafu and the others, so he didn’t notice it!
Bing Lu pointed to the rock wall not far away and said “They are all on top of the rock wall, there seems to be hundreds of them ……”
Chen Ping looked and indeed found hundreds of Polar Stones set on top of the rock wall on one side!
In the past, pole stones were found on the ground, this time there were even pole stones on the rock wall, or they were set inside the mountain!
This made Chen Ping very strange and he could not help but stop!
“Why don’t you go?”
Patriarch Luo asked!
“There are pole stones up ahead ……,” Chen Ping said with a single point!
“So that’s what the pole stone looks like, just send someone to take the pole stone down.”
Patriarch Luo said!
Chen Ping, however, did not move, he looked at those pole stones and surprisingly had a dangerous feeling in his heart!
It should not be a coincidence that the Pole Stones appeared on top of that rock wall!
“Mr Chen, I will personally lead someone to take down the pole stones!”
Bing Lu said!
Chen Ping nodded, but urged “You must be vigilant, I always feel that there is danger here.”
Ice Dew picked out two Saint Maidens and then leapt towards the rock wall to get closer!
Because of the magnetic field here, so Ice Dew they can’t leap too high, can only double feet with the help of the rock wall, again upward leap!
Seeing the ice dew they will be close to the stone when, suddenly from the rock wall, fly out of the black pressure of a piece of poisonous insects!
No one found out how these poisonous insects flew out from inside the rock wall!
“Be careful ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping leapt up and at the same time, above his palms, the Supreme Fire rose up!
This kind of poisonous insect was most afraid of Supreme Fire!
Seeing this, the other Saint Maidens took out their Frost Swords, and a sword awn swept out at great speed, heading straight for the black press of poisonous insects!
Bing Lu and the two Saint Maidens, their bodies descended rapidly!
These thousands of poisonous insects, black pressure, if they were wrapped in it, I’m afraid that even the remains of the body will not be left!
Chen Ping struck out with a single Dao of Supreme Fire, forming a wall of fire that blocked the poisonous insects!
Allowing Bing Lu and the two Holy Maidens time to escape!
Hundreds of sword awns then passed through that swarm of insects, and although they killed quite a few of the poisonous insects, they were nothing more than a hair’s breadth to these thousands of poisonous insects!
“Help ……”
Seeing this, Patriarch Luo then shouted, and his entire body headed towards the swarm of insects!
Only, Hai Dafu and the others didn’t move a muscle!
Patriarch Luo didn’t pay any attention to it, and went directly to Chen Ping’s side!
“This might be an opportunity!”
Patriarch Luo whispered in Chen Ping’s ear!
Chen Ping instantly understood, followed by his body descending sharply!
The poisonous insects swarmed towards Chen Ping.
Suddenly, the rock wall crumbled, and a seemingly sleeping Ice Bear Monster unexpectedly jumped out from within the rock wall!
Only then did Chen Ping understand why these pole stones were on top of the rock wall, it turned out to be this Ice Bear Monster!
And these poisonous insects should be the Ice Bear Monster guarding the pole stones outside while it was cultivating!
This Ice Bear Monster was huge in size, with a thick breath, and even had a cultivation of the peak of the Ferrying Realm!
Seeing this Ice Bear Monster, everyone was shocked!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, lured the poisonous insects and the Ice Bear Monster towards the five great sects!
Since that Hai Dafu and the others didn’t want to make a move, then he would force these guys to follow the poisonous insect and the ice bear monster!
Only with chaos would they have a chance to kill Hai Dafu and the others quietly!