“Damn, the treasure armour on this kid is too perverted ……”
The green-clothed cultivator cursed, his face full of incredulity!
But in the next second, he only felt a blur before his eyes as Chen Ping’s body instantly disappeared.
“Bad ……”
The green-clothed cultivator was instantly startled, and his body rapidly retreated backwards!
But this green-clothed cultivator reacted so quickly, but he was still too late, only to see Chen Ping’s body appear out of thin air, followed by the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand chopping out in a smooth manner!
Plop!
The Dragon Slashing Sword cut through the body of the green-clothed cultivator.
Accompanied by a miserable scream, one of the green-clothed cultivator’s arm was directly chopped off, if he had not reacted fast enough, the chopped off arm would not have been an arm!
“What kind of technique are you …… you?”
The green-clothed cultivator was shocked, looking at his broken arm with shock in his eyes!
The other few demonic cultivators were also looking at Chen Ping incredulously!
For a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm to sever the arm of a first grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm in one easy strike, this was too outrageous!
Even Zhu Qingxiu was looking at Chen Ping incredulously, it was only at this time that she realised that when she had just followed Chen Ping in the fight, Chen Ping had not used his full strength at all, he had been holding back, otherwise with Chen Ping’s strength, she would have been injured long ago.
Thinking about this, Zhu Qingxiu was a little ashamed and embarrassed, after all, at the beginning when Chen Ping appeared, she was the one who was taking the initiative to attack Chen Ping, no matter how Chen Ping explained, she didn’t listen to him, and in the end, she even let her own sword break!
In fact, all of this, could not be blamed on the other Chen Ping’s, thinking about all of this, Zhu Qingxiu felt that she was a bit incomprehensible!
“Don’t freeze, go together ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was so powerful, the green-clothed cultivator shouted to the remaining three demonic cultivators with a pained expression on his face!
These three devil cultivators reacted and directly surrounded Chen Ping!
“Let me help you ……”
Seeing that these demonic cultivators were going to bully Chen Ping with many against few, Zhu Qingxiu leapt to Chen Ping’s side!
“You’d better watch from the sidelines, just these few tiny devil cultivators are not enough for me to stuff my own teeth!”
Chen Ping said to Zhu Qingxiu!
The three Transition Realm 9th Grade Demon Cultivators, Chen Ping didn’t put them in his eyes at all!
“Can you really?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked!
“Get rid of that? I really can ……”
Chen Ping said with a confident face!
“Alright, then I’ll watch the fun from the sidelines ……”
After Zhu Qingxiu finished speaking, she really dodged to the side and stopped helping!
The three demonic cultivators, on the other hand, were infuriated, the three of them, who were ninth grade cultivators of the Transition Realm, were being looked down upon by Chen Ping, a seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, at this moment!
“Don’t be careless, let’s go together, there is something evil about this brat, the aura of his realm follows his strength in a serious way, let’s not fall for it.”
After the green-clothed cultivator stopped the bleeding, he held his large sword in one hand and reminded the other three demonic cultivators!
The three devil cultivators nodded and simultaneously launched an attack towards Chen Ping!
One Mahayana realm first grade cultivator, three Transition realm ninth grade cultivators, the four of them launched their attacks from different directions!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, his entire body shone with golden light as he travelled in mid-air, battling against these four demonic cultivators!
Zhu Qingxiu who was on the side watched dumbfounded, if it was she herself who encountered these demonic cultivators, even if she had a precious sword in her hand, it would be impossible to defeat them at all!
But looking at Chen Ping, he seemed to be coping with them very easily, instead, it was those few devil cultivators who were in danger one by one!
As Chen Ping fought with those devil cultivators, the sea, which was originally very silent, shook violently, and the deserted island continued to explode, with deep craters appearing one after another!
This deserted island had already experienced a great battle, and behind it, the Fire Qilin had dug a deep hole that went straight to the bottom of the sea, and it was already shaky itself, and now that the battle was happening above it, the deserted island was starting to sink!