And that Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm was even more incomparable, although Chen Ping didn’t know how big this Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm was, it was definitely much bigger than the Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm!
The Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm was only the size of a clan, while this place was like a world!
What Chen Ping didn’t know was that this was only one of the secret realms controlled by the Demon Heart Sect ……
Chen Ping dispersed his divine sense, wanting to feel Su Yuqi’s aura and see if there was anyone else here!
But after Chen Ping spread out his divine sense, he found that this place was surprisingly large, even though Chen Ping’s divine sense was very powerful at this time, and he could detect it even from more than ten kilometres away, but at this time he found nothing!
There was no sign of Su Yuqi’s figure, or even of other people’s activities!
“Could it be that the Demonic Heart Sect is not inside this secret realm?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
According to him, if the Demon Heart Sect was able to create an alliance organization of super strength in the secular world like the Kyoto Martial Alliance, then the Demon Heart Sect’s power must not be small!
But he had used his divine sense to scout through, but he hadn’t found a single person!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only find a place to sit down and rest for the time being, and wait for dawn to search for them.
After all, he was unfamiliar with this secret realm, so if he rashly searched everywhere at night, he feared it would be a waste of time!
Chen Ping sat cross-legged, feeling the spiritual energy of heaven and earth continuously pouring into his body!
And just as Chen Ping was in the secret realm, a man dressed in black robes slowly approached the entrance of the Dragon Gate in Kyoto!
Because of the darkness, the guards at the Dragon Gate weren’t able to see the appearance of the man who came!
“Who are you? How dare you trespa*s through the Dragon Gate?”
The guard said as he stepped forward and stopped the black-robed man.
The black-robed man didn’t say anything, but fiercely struck out and smashed the guard’s head with one palm!
Seeing this, the other guard was about to shout out, but the black-robed man instantly grabbed his throat.
With a slight force, the guard’s throat was instantly crushed!
Looking at the bodies of the two guards, the black-robed man slowly raised his head up!
Under the light, the demon amba*sador’s ghastly face was revealed!
After revealing a creepy smile, the Demon Envoy slowly walked towards the Dragon Gate!
Along the way, he encountered many people from the Dragon Sect, all of whom were killed by the Devil’s Envoy with a single slap, daring him to kill them without the slightest hesitation!
When he arrived at the dungeon where Ning Zhi was being held, the Devil’s Envoy only waved his palm slightly, and the entrance to the dungeon was opened directly!
At this moment, Ning Zhi was crouching in the corner, without the slightest expression on his face.
The soul inside his body had been wiped out, and Ning Zhi’s strength had dropped quite a bit!
Only now did Ning Zhi understand that the strength that was raised by the soul spirit was not his own after all, and once the soul spirit disappeared, his strength would also drop drastically.
Just then, the door to the dungeon was suddenly opened, and Ning Zhi jerked up, fear in his eyes, for he didn’t know what Chen Ping would do to him!
But when the Demon Amba*sador walked into the dungeon from outside, surprise instantly appeared on Ning Zhi’s face!
“Lord Demon Amba*sador ……”
Ning Zhi hurriedly stepped forward and knelt down towards the Demon Envoy.
He had thought that the Demon Heart Sect had given up on him, after all, that Demon Envoy had said that he was nothing more than a pawn of the Demon Heart Sect!
Now it seemed that the Demon Heart Sect still cared about him.
“Stay behind me ……”
The devil amba*sador looked towards Ning Zhi, his eyes indifferent as he said.
Ning Zhi nodded and hurriedly got up, following behind the Demon Envoy!
The two people walked out of the dungeon, but just as they walked out of the dungeon, they watched as Long Xing Xu with dozens of people instantly surrounded the devil amba*sador and that Ning Zhi!
Seeing that someone had saved Ning Zhi, Long Xingxu roared sternly, “How dare you barge into my Dragon Sect’s forbidden place and kill our people?”
The devil amba*sador looked at Long Xingxu and couldn’t help but raise the corners of his mouth and said, “Hmph, even a mere Martial Marquis dares to shout like that ……”