Chen Ping looked at Qin Xiaolin with a cold smile, his eyes full of contempt, “You want to spare me, but unfortunately I don’t want to spare you yet, today you must die in this ring.”
As Chen Ping finished his words, he turned his fingers into a blade, and the green blade flashed again, surprisingly reaching several feet in length in Chen Ping’s hand.
Chen Ping gave a vigorous swing, and the several-foot-long blade mane went towards Qin Xiaolin.
The sword mane cut a crack in the ring, and the hard ground now burst into sparks, and under the sunlight, those sparks looked so bright that they were like blooming fireworks.
Qin Xiaolin frowned and hurriedly waved his hands in front of his body, a wall of Qi visible to the naked eye blocked Qin Xiaolin’s body, this was a wall of Qi condensed by Qin Xiaolin with Qi energy, comparable to a bronze wall, and incredibly tough.
After Chen Ping’s blade touched the wall of Qi in front of Qin Xiaolin, it made a crisp sound of steel colliding.
It was as if a cutter spinning at high speed was cutting into a bronze wall.
“Chen Ping, your strength is still inferior, just this tiny blade mane, you don’t want to break the defence too?”
Qin Xiaolin had a sneer on his face, because he knew that once Chen Ping’s strength, this blade mane would soon disappear, it would not last long, after all, it was urged with qi energy, when the qi energy inside the body dried up, the blade mane would naturally disappear.
Although Qin Xiaolin was indeed stronger than Chen Ping, Chen Ping was much stronger than Qin Xiaolin when it came to durability.
Chen Ping had a large amount of spiritual energy in his dantian, so if he followed Qin Xiaolin and consumed him like this, he would be able to consume him to death.
As time pa*sed, Chen Ping’s blade maneuvers continued to slash at Qin Xiaolin’s defensive Qi wall, and instead of weakening, Chen Ping’s blade maneuvers even vaguely strengthened.
The wall of Qi in front of him also became more and more transparent from the pale white colour at the beginning, which proved that Qin Xiaolin’s Qi was beginning to weaken.
“Grand Elder, how could this Chen Ping’s qi be so strong? That Qin Xiaolin’s Martial Sect realm is actually unable to carry it.”
Yu Dong looked at the scene in the ring and asked in a very persistent manner.
At this moment, Xu Changsheng was also in a state of confusion, he too could not understand Chen Ping somewhat.
“How can this be? This Chen Ping looked like he was clearly just a Grand Master fifth grade strength, how could his qi be so strong? Could it be that this kid took a Bursting Pill before he got into the ring?”
Xu Changsheng frowned slightly and said.
“Grand Elder, if this kid took the Bursting Pill, wouldn’t he be seeking his own death? Besides, the Bursting Pill’s effect is only ten minutes, and now they have been fighting for more than ten minutes.”
Yu Dong disagreed with Xu Changsheng’s explanation.
Although the Bursting Pill was able to boost one’s strength in a very short period of time, there was a price to pay, eating the Bursting Pill would hurt the internal organs, not to mention that the bursting effect didn’t last that long.
“This is strange, it seems that there are quite a few secrets on this Chen Ping’s body ……”
Xu Changsheng looked at Chen Ping in the ring with a refined look in his eyes, as if he wanted to see Chen Ping through.
On the other side, Wu Mier said to Long Wu, “Uncle Long, it looks like this Chen Ping still has a chance of winning, so I guess it won’t be necessary for you to make a move.”
Long Wu nodded, “Chen Ping will win, there is no longer any suspense, we should also leave.”
Long Wu in fact, slowly walked towards the outside of the stadium, followed by Wu Mier.
Chen Ping on top of the ring did not notice that Long Wu had left, but ran the Heart Condensing Duel, causing the blade aura to surge again.