Whose scent was it that gave him this feeling?
Dong Jiahao looked at Chen Ping with some confusion, since Chen Ping did not know the four people in front of him, how could he possibly have a sense of familiarity from these four people?
Suddenly, Chen Ping’s slightly narrowed eyes snapped open, revealing an incomparably cold light in his eyes.
“Yu Qi, it’s Yu Qi’s scent …………”
Chen Ping finally remembered, this aura was Su Yuqi’s, although it was very weak, but Chen Ping could still feel it.
But Su Yuqi’s aura, how could it be reflected in these four men?
Could it be?
A monstrous killing intent instantly erupted from Chen Ping’s body, if Su Yuqi had just been spoiled by these four men in front of him, then it would make sense that these four men carried Su Yuqi’s aura on their bodies.
To the side, Dong Jiahao felt the sudden outburst of killing intent from Chen Ping, which directly took him by surprise.
Even Ge Jiayi, who was not far away, could not help but turn her head to look at Chen Ping, not understanding how such a terrifying aura could suddenly erupt from Chen Ping’s body.
But soon, that killing intent on Chen Ping’s body disappeared.
The thought he had just had almost caused Chen Ping to lose his mind, but now that he thought about it, that possibility simply did not exist, Su Yuqi was the best resource for the Martial Alliance, so the Martial Alliance would not allow Su Yuqi to be harmed in such a way.
“Could it be that …………”
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed once again, “Could it be that these four people carry Yu Qi’s bloodline?”
Now that the Martial Dao Alliance already knew about Su Yuqi’s bloodline, which could help with cultivation and quickly raise a martial artist’s cultivation, perhaps these four people had relied on Su Yuqi’s bloodline to cultivate, which was why they carried Su Yuqi’s aura on their bodies.
This must be the case, it must be ……
Chen Ping turned his head in the direction of the Martial Dao Alliance, and the murderous aura in his eyes was hard to conceal!
Right now, the Martial Dao Alliance should be using Su Yuqi’s bloodline to continuously cultivate experts, and the thought of this made Chen Ping’s heart hard as hell!
“D*mn it …………”
Chen Ping clenched his teeth and clenched his fist to death.
“Brother Chen Ping, what is wrong with you?”
Dong Jiahao asked, puzzled.
“Nothing ……”
Chen Ping shook his head.
And at this time, Long Jingguo on the stage, began to introduce the notes of this trial, of course the life and death certificate was to be signed, how the life and death of the trial place, followed the Long family has nothing to do with it, the Long family also does not have to be responsible for this!
After the explanation, the people then began to set off, they first took a plane to South China City, and then in doing the ship to lock the dragon island!
On the cruise ship, inside a luxurious room, the one-armed Zhu Zhishan, was quietly sipping his tea.
Soon, the door of the room was pushed open and Long Xiao walked in, followed closely by the four young men from the Martial Alliance trials.
Zhu Zhishan looked up and then said indifferently, “Long Gongzi, have a seat ……”
Long Xiao sat in front of Zhu Zhishan and asked him, “Lord Zhu, when are we going to make a move on that Chen Ping?”
“There is no rush, we are just setting out now, it won’t be too late to kill that Chen Ping when we get to Dragon Lock Island ……”
Zhu Zhishan had a cold smile on his face, “There are so many of us, even if that Chen Ping has great skills, he will not be able to leave alive this time.”
When Long Xiao saw this, he could only resist the urge to kill Chen Ping and wait until after he reached Dragon Lock Island.
The cruise ship was sailing on the sea, and since the ship had all kinds of facilities, the crowd didn’t feel bored!
Chen Ping followed Dong Jiahao in a room, because Chen Ping did not want to follow the gentry in Kyoto, so he stayed in his room and lay down.
Dong Jiahao stayed with Chen Ping and didn’t run around!
Just as evening approached, the cruise ship, which was suddenly sailing fast, suddenly slowed down and rocked twice immediately afterwards.