“Elder Yu, is this your new disciple, the one who defeated Liu Sh*tong?”
Huo Yuan Ting looks at Elder Yu and asks!
“Precisely, because of poor teaching, I allowed my disciple to break into trouble, I still ask Sect Master Huo to chastise him.”
Elder Yu had no choice but to carry the burden for Chen Ping!
Huo Yuan Ting coldly glanced at Chen Ping, then said to Elder, “Trespassing on a forbidden land, one should abolish their cultivation and be expelled from the sect.”
“However, remembering that this is a first offence and unintentional, he will be punished to face the wall for three days at the Thoughtfulness Cliff.”
After Huo Yuan Ting finished speaking, his body disappeared with a shake!
Huo Dong, on the other hand, coldly glanced at Chen Ping and immediately left as well!
Elder Yu and Wei Qing landed in front of Chen Ping, and Elder Yu’s eyes were filled with displeasure!
“I have said that I will definitely take you to see the old sect master when I have the chance, but you even ran here privately.”
“Luckily that Huo Yuan Ting has been busy opening the Divine Volcano for the past few days and didn’t get real, otherwise you wouldn’t have been locked up for three days at the Si-Shou Cliff.”
Elder Yu knew that Chen Ping had simply come here on purpose!
“I’ve already met the old Sect Master, there’s no need to look for an opportunity!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“What?”
Elder Yu and Wei Qing were all astonished!
“How is it possible, to see the Old Sect Master, one has to go through several formations, and there are several formations stacked on top of each other at the end.”
“There are also killing formations present within that formation, even Elder Cui said that there is no way to pass through them.”
“How could you possibly pass through those formations and meet the old Sect Master!”
Elder Yu clearly did not believe Chen Ping!
“Forget it if you don’t believe me, I did see the old Sect Master, and the symptoms of his madness are gone, only that his divine sense is now severely damaged and he needs to recuperate for a while.”
“When the old Sect Master recuperates, he will be back in charge of the Purple Flame Sect.”
Chen Ping said!
“Senior brother, are you telling the truth? Didn’t lie to us, did you?”
Wei Qing asked with an excited face!
If the old Sect Master recovered and took back the helm of the Violet Flame Sect, then they wouldn’t have to suffer from that Huo Yuan Ting anymore!
“How can you prove that you’ve seen the old Sect Master?”
“How do you prove that you saw the Old Sect Master?”
Elder Yu sized up Chen Ping, he really couldn’t believe what Chen Ping said!
If what Chen Ping said was true, that would be great news for them!
“How can I prove anything, but I’m just telling the truth.”
“If you guys don’t believe me, you can watch ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking, then gently stepped forward to touch the formation in front of him with his hands!
“What are you going to do? If you are triggering the formation, you will not be shutting down for three days at the Siwan Cliff.”
Elder Yu did not know what Chen Ping was going to do!
However, Chen Ping still slowly touched his hand to the formation, accompanied by a flash of white light!
Surprisingly, the formation was not activated, instead, a large gap appeared!
Chen Ping then passed through the gap and directly penetrated the formation!
In this manner, Chen Ping went back and forth three or four times!
Then Chen Ping waved his hand again and the formation resumed as if nothing had happened!
Elder Yu and Wei Qing looked at Chen Ping, both of them were confused!
They were thinking that they couldn’t understand that Chen Ping even knew the art of formations?
Could it be that Chen Ping was still a formation master?
“Now you should believe that I can meet the old Sect Master, right?”
“As far as these formations are concerned, there is no difference between them and a child playing house in my eyes, they won’t be able to stop me at all.”
“However, what I have said must not be told to anyone else, lest Huo Yuan Ting learns of it and launches a surprise attack in a hurry.”
Chen Ping said to Elder Yu!
“Don’t worry, no one will know.”
Elder Yu looked at Chen Ping in shock, then said, “However, you must also go to the Thoughtfulness Cliff for three days before you can do so, there is no way for me to plead for you on this one.”
“This Purple Flame Sect doesn’t even have a mountain, where would we get a Siyou Cliff?”
“And it’s just staying for three days, I can just meditate and cultivate!”
Chen Ping didn’t really care about going to the Thoughtfulness Cliff for three days!