Only the high priest, with a cold sweat on his face, kept shaking the bell in his hand, hoping to wake up his men who had lost their minds!
But no matter how loudly he shook the bell, it did not help at all!
In the end, the High Priest had no choice but to put away the bell, while he himself ran quickly out into the mist.
As for these men, he wasn’t going to be bothered!
“Mr. Chen, what do we do?”
Fan Jiang asked as he looked towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at Daniel, whose eyes were scarlet, and finally, with a quick movement of his body, he directly grabbed Daniel’s wrist, and then a spiritual energy entered Daniel’s body!
Daniel came to his senses, and when he saw Chen Ping and the others, his entire body fell into shock.
“You …… guys are actually still alive?”
Daniel thought that Chen Ping and the others should have been eaten by the tiger demon long ago.
“Some don’t say anything, let’s get out of here ……”
Chen Ping was afraid that that Daniel would be distracted and disturbed again, so he took Daniel and ran quickly towards the outside of the mists!
The fact is that the people of the world are not only the best, they are also the best.
Soon, Chen Ping and his men were out of the mist, and when they pa*sed through the mist and looked back, they found that the mist had disappeared!
On top of that snowy ground, there were a dozen of corpses lying around, all of them were members of the Burning Heaven God Cult!
“Daniel ……”
The high priest seemed to sense Daniel’s scent, and shouted out!
He himself had escaped from the mists and didn’t care about the others, but now he suddenly sensed Daniel’s scent and felt a little strange, so he shouted.
“High Priestess ……”
Daniel called back.
The High Priestess didn’t say anything, but his brows were furrowed together.
“Daniel, what’s around you? Why is the aura so strong?”
The High Priest slowly pulled out his bronze bell and made a defensive gesture!
Because Chen Ping and the others had all hidden their auras at the beginning, the aura that that High Priest felt from Chen Ping and the others followed now was completely different.
It was impossible for him to think that these people in front of him at this moment were the same group of people that he had forced to face the tiger demon!
“High Priest, they are the group of people from the tour that we met on the road.”
Daniel replied.
The High Priest’s face was shocked, “Impossible, how is it possible, how can the aura they carry be so powerful?”
The High Priest could not believe it at all, how could these people be threatened by themselves at that time if they were so powerful?
Daniel couldn’t answer the High Priest and could only look at Chen Ping.
But before Chen Ping could say anything, Hu Ma Zi, on the other hand, spoke up with an angry face.
“We all hid our scent just to tease you, you blind man, you really think you’re an expert.”
“Holding a broken bell, pushing and chattering, the whole thing is quite mysterious!”
“If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t have been able to break that boundary, and you dare to threaten us.”
“I think you old thing just needs a beating ……”
Hu Pazi had long been furious and went straight up towards that high priest and slapped him twice!
These two slaps directly blinded that high priest, and he found that he was not even qualified to dodge.
The high priest’s face was so ugly, but he didn’t dare to say a word!
And as Daniel looked at the High Priest who had been slapped twice and didn’t even dare to say a word, he had mixed feelings inside!
If the High Priest had listened to himself and not forced Chen Ping to stay behind to deal with the Tiger Demon, he might not have received those two slaps.
And those members of the Burning Heaven Sect would not have had to die. ……
But there is no ifs in this world ……
“Master Hu, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping shouted to stop Pocky Hu, he was afraid that if Pocky Hu was impulsive, he would kill this whatever high priest again!