“Do you still want to try now?”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi teasingly.
Ning Zhi’s eyes stared at him and did not speak, but after a loud bellow, his fist instantly reached Chen Ping’s face.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping raised his hand and met it with a fist.
As the two fists clashed, a terrifying burst of energy instantly spread out in all directions with the two people at the centre.
The houses that had just been constructed began to collapse under this terrifying energy, and many people ran and dodged in all directions.
Ning Zhi’s figure swayed a few times before it stabilised, while Chen Ping withdrew his right foot backwards and pressed it against the ground with a deadly force, a crack appearing instantly on the ground.
“Don’t think about saving your strength, you’re not qualified to fight me if you don’t do your best ……”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi and said coldly.
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping with a stony face, he didn’t understand what was going on with that Holy Light Fist of Chen Ping just now.
With a simple punch just now, Ning Zhi felt his body’s breath begin to disorder and he was instantly under pressure.
At this moment, Ning Zhi was struggling to adjust his breathing.
Soon, the aura on Ning Zhi’s body exploded once again, this time Ning Zhi did not hold back in the slightest, his aura at the peak of Martial Sect exploded all at once.
This terrifying aura was much stronger than the Qi, and some of the folk who were watching from hundreds of metres away were actually directly shaken by this terrifying aura, spitting out blood from their mouths, and some even directly fell to the ground and died!
Chen Ping frowned as he quickly struck a spell in his hand, and a barrier appeared, instantly resisting this terrifying aura.
He did not expect Ning Zhi, as a son of a clan family, to be so rash with human lives.
In Kyoto, as a martial artist, one was not allowed to kill ordinary lives casually, there were very strict rules!
But in this barren Xichuan, although there were also rules, after all, the mountains were high and the emperor was far away, so Ning Zhi dared to be so reckless.
“You are the son of a family, yet you are killing people like this, you deserve to die ……”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi coldly, killing intent rising in his eyes.
“Hmph, as long as I can kill you, what’s the point of dying these ordinary people, they are just ants, the big deal is that each family will end up compensating a few hundred thousand, our Ning family is not short of money ……”
Ning Zhi said with a cold snort.
“Since that’s the case, then I’ll kill you and compensate your Ning family millions, I’m not short of money either ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his entire body instantly went towards Ning Zhi.
Chen Ping smashed his fist fiercely while Ning Zhi’s body disappeared at the same time Chen Ping’s fist hit it.
Immediately afterwards a dangerous aura appeared above Chen Ping’s head.
When Chen Ping looked up, he found that Ning Zhi had actually reached mid-air, followed by his entire body turning into a sharp sword and coming towards Chen Ping from above.
Ning Zhi used his inertia to bring his body’s speed to the limit, the sound of breaking air rang out, Ning Zhi’s speed was so fast that a vacuum was formed around him!
The huge shockwave caused the ground beneath Chen Ping’s feet to begin to crumble, and Chen Ping’s body felt as if it was pressed up against a huge mountain.
Chen Ping frowned, followed by his right hand flashing with golden light, then he ruthlessly swung a fist.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
In an instant, a golden light was like a pillar, ruthlessly heading towards Ning Zhi.
Boom!
There was a loud sound, and the entire heaven and earth seemed to tremble as the radiant light outweighed the sunlight.
Chen Ping’s body was flooded with a trail of golden scales, resisting the invisible impact!
It had to be said that this Ning Zhi had indeed grown in strength after his promotion to the peak of Martial Sect.
Chen Ping’s punch shattered the air waves around Ning Zhi, and as the golden light scattered, Ning Zhi’s body steadily landed in front of Chen Ping.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s feet had long since been plunged into the ground by the immense pressure.
“Your strength has indeed exceeded my imagination, to be able to withstand this blow from me, even in the entire young generation of Kyoto, there are not many people, now you are afraid that you can be famous on the Prosperity List!”
Ning Zhi looked towards Chen Ping and said indifferently.