The middle-aged man led Ning Zhi to a living room, then knocked on the door and said, “Young master, someone from the Demon Heart Sect requests to see ……”
“Another f*cking visitor, how annoying is that, this is the first time.” A very impatient growl came from inside the room, but then said, “Let him in ……”
The middle-aged man pushed the door open and said to Ning Zhi, “Go in, but according to the rules, you only have half an hour ……”
Ning Zhi was stunned, he hadn’t known that this Hundred Refinements Pavilion had such rules.
But half an hour was half an hour, he could finish what he had to explain in half an hour!
When Ning Zhi entered, he looked at a chair with a young man sitting on it, similar to his own age, with a folding fan in his hand, and a very pretty girl behind him ma*saging the young man!
The youth raised his eyes and looked at Ning Zhi who walked in, then had his eyes narrowed and said, “Half an hour, pick it yourself, pick it, we’ll see the goods and say the price ……”
This statement froze Ning Zhi, but when he saw that the room was surrounded by all kinds of magic weapons, he understood what the youth in front of him meant by this!
This was treating him like someone who had come to buy magic weapons, but Ning Zhi hadn’t come to buy magic weapons!
“Sorry, I’m not here to buy magic weapons, I’m here to find the Hundred Refinements Pavilion Master!”
Ning Zhi said indifferently.
Hearing Ning Zhi say that he was looking for the Pavilion Master, the youth then reopened his eyes and looked at Ning Zhi with a bit of caution in his eyes, “What are you looking for my dad for? My dad is in seclusion refining weapons, he doesn’t have time to see you ……”
Once Ning Zhi heard that the youth opposite him was the Young Pavilion Master of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, he hurriedly smiled and said, “So it’s the Young Pavilion Master, my respects, I’ve been commissioned by the Lord Demon Envoy to present a magic weapon to the Pavilion Master.”
As soon as the youth heard that Ning Zhi had come to present a magic weapon, his expression immediately became warm and he waved his hand at the young girl behind him and said, “Go out ……”
The girl obediently retreated and the youth got up and said to Ning Zhi, “Please sit down quickly, my name is Shi Yan, I wonder what your name is?”
“My name is Ning Zhi ……”
Ning Zhi said with a slight nod!
“Oh, Brother Ning, please have a seat ……”
Shi Yan invited Ning Zhi to sit down and personally poured Ning Zhi a cup of tea, “I wonder what magic weapon Brother Ning brought to my father?”
“This …………”
Ning Zhi hesitated a little and then said, “Young Pavilion Master, at that time, Lord Demon Envoy explained that he had to personally give the magic weapon to the Pavilion Master before he could do so, because only the Pavilion Master would use this magic weapon.”
When Shi Yan heard this, he frowned slightly, “Brother Ning, my father is in seclusion to refine the artifact, I am afraid that he simply cannot come out of seclusion for a while, since you do not trust me, then please go back ……”
Seeing that Shi Yan was somewhat angry, Ning Zhi hurriedly said, “Young Pavilion Master misunderstood, how could I not trust you, I was only afraid that even if this magic weapon was given to Young Pavilion Master, you wouldn’t know how to launch it!”
With that, Ning Zhi took out the small gourd and placed it on the table!
Shi Yan looked at the small gourd in front of him, took it in his hand and began to play with it!
He could only see that the small gourd looked very ancient, and he could not feel any aura fluctuations inside.
“Are you sure this is a magic weapon?”
Shi Yan asked with some disbelief.
“Young Pavilion Master, our Lord Demon Amba*sador did say that this was a magic weapon, but I don’t know exactly how to push it.”
Ning Zhi said truthfully.
“Strange, how can there be a magic weapon that arrives in my hands and still not feel it?”
Shi Yan frowned slightly, then turned to Ning Zhi and said, “Brother Ning, wait here for a moment, I will go and return ……”
Shi Yan took the gourd and left.
Only to see Shi Yan take the gourd and go to a room in the backyard, which was very dim inside, and a white-haired old man inside was snoring like thunder as he slept!