“Standing up is nothing, I can still do it ……”
Chen Ping gently waved his palm, and ten thousand beams of light abruptly lit up from all directions!
These light flashes instantly broke the greyness of the surroundings!
At the same time on those three people, they were all wrapped in light, and they were unexpectedly unable to move!
“How is this …… possible, haven’t you already exhausted your spiritual energy?”
Old Zang’s eyes were filled with shock!
Just now, Chen Ping had clearly exhausted his spiritual energy, he didn’t even have the strength to stand, how could he suddenly still erupt with such a terrifying aura?
Chen Ping had his Dragon Beheading Sword in his hand at the moment, with a few cold smiles on his face, “Who says that I have to be slaughtered when I run out of spiritual energy?”
“Well well well, I would like to see how much spiritual energy you still have left to explode.”
After that Zang Lao finished speaking, suddenly grey mist surged within the hall, and then a huge ghost face appeared!
This ghost face came with a hissing roar and swallowed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at the hideous hissing ghost face with disdain in his eyes!
Up until now, the other party thought that he had residual spiritual energy in his body!
But they simply did not know that apart from spiritual power, there were other powers within Chen Ping’s body!
The power of the Divine Dragon, the power of various origins!
The power of the three clans, and the immortal power within his body!
All of these powers were in one person, surely no one would want them.
Chen Ping had just purposely consumed spiritual energy to make the other party show up!
This illusion formation did have some level, which was why Chen Ping thought of this way to make the other party show up.
Just now, when the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke to Chen Ping, Chen Ping did not pay any attention to him, also because of this reason!
When he saw that Chen Ping had exhausted his spiritual energy, the person behind him did indeed show up!
Only what Chen Ping did not expect was that the other party did not look as if they had much strength!
“It’s useless, as long as you guys show up, everything here means nothing to me!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand made a smooth chop!
A golden dragon appeared, the golden dragon roared, flames rose, and a sword awn was like a meteor!
“This ……”
When that Old Man Zang and the others saw this, they were immediately shocked!
They had underestimated Chen Ping and had never thought that Chen Ping had this kind of terrifying power within him!
A few people wanted to run, but they were simply too late!
The grey ghostly face was pierced through by the streaks of swords and instantly disappeared!
And those three people were also under this terrifying sword awnings, and their silhouettes were instantly engulfed in flames!
Accompanied by miserable screams, the three people also disappeared into the flames!
It was a distortion of the surrounding scene, followed by the disappearance of the palace in front of him!
Chen Ping saw that he was standing on the ground, surrounded by green mountains and green water, still in the middle of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and all that greyness was gone!
The illusionary formation was broken, and Chen Ping was back to reality.
And in front of Chen Ping’s eyes, the three people who had just been there all fell to the ground, their faces pale, obviously severely injured!
Just now, Chen Ping had extinguished their virtual shadows, causing their main bodies to be harmed as well!
The three people looked at Chen Ping with fear in their eyes, they did not know what Chen Ping would do to them!
“You three demonic beasts, how dare you harm so many people here.”
“Which one of you put up this Illusion Formation?”
Chen Ping asked in an ice-cold voice as he looked towards the three!
The three people looked at each other, but they all chose to shut up, and no one spoke!
Although the three people were terrified, yet none of them spoke.
Seeing that none of the three people spoke, this was very surprising to Chen Ping, after all, the three fellows looked scared already!
“If you guys don’t say anything, I have ways ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the power of the Divine Dragon surged within his body, followed by a gentle flick of his palm!
That terrifying aura caused all three guys to freeze!
“You …… are not a human?”
That Tibetan old man asked as he looked at Chen Ping in shock!
“Who said that I am not a human race?”Chen Ping asked back!