Seeing this, Chen Ping did not say anything else, but said to Hu Puzi, “Master Hu, this is Miss Zhou’s kindness, let’s drink it ……”
Pocky Hu also raised his cup of tea, and the two of them were about to drink it without hesitation!
“Wait a minute ……”
Zhou Jie saw this and hurriedly shouted at Chen Ping and Hu Puzi!
At this moment, Zhou Jie’s heart was still torn, she didn’t know, after this cup of tea was down, what kind of fate Chen Ping and Hu Pazi would have!
Even more so, she didn’t know if Song Qingping would kill the two men!
“Miss Zhou, what’s wrong?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“Mr. Chen, I’m afraid that the tea I just poured was too hot and burned you guys.”
Zhou Jie made an excuse and explained.
Chen Ping smiled faintly, “It’s alright ……”
With that, Chen Ping drank the tea down in one go, and Pocky Hu drank it straight down too!
Seeing Chen Ping and Hu Puzi drink all the tea, Zhou Jie’s heart felt an indescribable feeling.
“You guys talk, I’m going to take a break ……”
Pocky Hu got up and then walked out of the room, during which Pocky Hu didn’t even look at Zhou Jie!
This made Zhou Jie very strange and couldn’t help but ask, “Mr. Chen, is there something wrong with Master Hu? It feels like he has changed into a different person.”
Chen Ping knew what Zhou Jie was referring to and said with a faint smile, “Master Hu has indeed changed ……”
Chen Ping then followed Zhou Jie and told him what had happened to Pocky Hu.
After Zhou Jie listened, she couldn’t help but look surprised.
“Master Hu is actually still such an infatuated person ah? I never thought he was a big pervert, but I didn’t expect him to have this kind of experience, it’s pitiful.”
Zhou Jie actually felt some pity for Pocky Hu at this moment.
After all, the person she loved the most had run away with someone on the eve of her marriage and was now dead, but even so, Hu Ma Zi had not even forgotten that woman, so it was clear that Hu Ma Zi was also a person who was devoted to love.
“Everyone may have their own secrets in their hearts, just that outsiders don’t know.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, at this moment he was in a great position, but who would have thought that a year or so ago, he would have suffered even worse than Pocky Hu!
He was in jail for his girlfriend, but in the end, he was abandoned by her, and this kind of dog’s blood was not also played out on himself.
It was just that Chen Ping didn’t say anything, and no one knew about this part of his history.
“Mr. Chen, when you sleep, remember to lock the doors and windows, I’m going to rest.”
Zhou Jie reminded Chen Ping, and then left after cleaning up.
While watching Zhou Jie leave, Chen Ping let out a soft sigh and said, “Quite a nice girl, I hope you can cherish the opportunity I gave you.”
While Chen Ping finished speaking, Hu Ma Zi entered Chen Ping’s room with a flash!
“Chen Ping, how did you know that that Zhou Jie was going to poison us?”
Once he entered, Pocky Hu asked with a face full of doubt.
Chen Ping smiled faintly, “After she returned from the Demon Spirit Sect, I smelled a strange smell from her that was not present on her before, so I became somewhat suspicious.”
“Coupled with the fact that while fetching the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu today, that Song Qingping brought someone but was able to appear in the nick of time, proves that Song Qingping has been watching us for a long time, otherwise it wouldn’t be that coincidental.”
“There is also the tea that was just brought in, it obviously has that smell that I smelled on that Zhou Jie, and Zhou Jie’s expression today is very unnatural, don’t you notice?”
Hu Ma Zi shook his head, “No, I didn’t smell anything strange in the tea either?”
“Of course you can’t smell it, otherwise you would have become a medicine master, but they counted a thousand times, but they didn’t know that I have already been invulnerable to all poisons, and the poisons they have poisoned can only become resources for my cultivation.”
Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique, that was a truly superior technique, could refine everything.
No matter what toxins entered Chen Ping’s body, they would all be refined by the Heart Condensation Skill!