“Ahead is the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and that Chen Ping is in it!”
The brocade-robed man spoke!
“Big brother, what’s the hesitation, let’s directly kill into the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, exterminate that Chen Ping, and go follow the Ten Temples to collect the reward!”
The burly man said!
These people were all hidden forces from the Celestial Realm, and each of them had extraordinary skills, all of them were at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm!
Although they hadn’t reached the Immortalisation Realm, for the Celestial Realm, the peak of the Ninth Grade of the Mahayana Realm was a heavenly existence!
And three cultivators at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm were afraid that they could push across the entire Celestial Realm.
Now they only needed an opportunity to glory in the Immortalisation Realm!
One hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones were indeed very moving!
Especially for cultivators like them who were at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana Realm, they were in dire need of Immortal Spirit Stones to break through to the Immortalisation Realm!
“Can you destroy that Chen Ping?”
The brocade-robed man asked!
“Of course, that Chen Ping is only at the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm, I can take his life with a single finger.”
The burly man said with great confidence!
The brocade-robed man smiled, “Since you can take that Chen Ping’s life with a single finger, why did the people of the Ten Temples have to take out 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones to execute that Chen Ping?”
“A ninth grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, where is he worth a hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, I’m afraid he’s not even worth a hundred Immortal Spirit Stones ……”
“This ……” the burly man fell silent!
“Big brother, are you saying that this Execution Order is a conspiracy of the Ten Temples?”The slim man asked!
“Not bad, the people of the Ten Temples are treating everyone as fools, the Heaven Ascending Ladder is about to appear, and at this time the Ten Temples have issued the Execution Order, obviously wanting to stir up the water, and then observe all the hidden forces.”
“And that Chen Ping, isn’t as easy to kill as you guys say, I’ve investigated him, the Ten Temples have failed in their repeated attempts, even the Demon Sealing Alliance below the Ten Temples had used a hundred years of offerings to hunt down and kill that Chen Ping, and all of them were unsuccessful!”
The brocade-robed man said with a faint smile!
“Big brother, since we know it’s a conspiracy, why are we still running here? We can still cultivate a little more with this time!”
The stout man said with some dissatisfaction!
“Shut your mouth, what I decide, naturally I have my reasons!”
The brocade-robed man’s face turned cold and said!
That stout man was so scared that he did not dare to speak anymore and bowed his head!
The three men quickly approached towards the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, their powerful aura instantly made all the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty feel it!
All of a sudden, the crowd of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty all panicked and began to gather one after another!
Three peak cultivators of the 9th level of the Mahayana realm, that was no joke!
At the time, when the Tenth Highness had a single Mahayana Realm Ninth Grade, he had left the Xiao Dynasty in a terrible state, and if it wasn’t for Mr Shi’s appearance, it was feared that the Xiao Dynasty would have long since ceased to exist!
But now that three peaks of the Ninth Grade of the Mahayana Realm had appeared all at once, it was simply too terrifying!
Xiao Yuanshan and Xiao Feng also felt the aura at the same time, and the two instantly flickered away!
When they were in the midst of appearing, they had already stood in front of those three people!
Xiao Yuanshan glanced at the three people, then stepped forward and slightly saluted, “My name is Xiao Yuanshan of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, I wonder where the three of you are Dao friends from?”
The brocade robed man stepped forward and politely returned the salute, “My three brothers are from South China Peak, and today I have come to meet Chen Ping, the …… gentleman of Chen.”
“South China Peak?”Xiao Yuanshan was slightly stunned, but then he reacted that these three should be from a hidden force, so he hurriedly said, “It’s really unfortunate that Mr Chen is in cultivation and there is no way to meet you, are you Mr Chen’s friends? If so, you guys can leave your names, when Mr Chen finishes his cultivation, I’ll convey it to him.”
“We’re not his friends, he’s a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, does he deserve to be friends with us? We are here to kill him, let him come out and die!”
The burly man snorted coldly and said to Xiao Yuanshan!
As soon as the lanky man’s words fell, it was obvious that the brocade-robed man’s face became ugly!
And Xiao Yuanshan and Xiao Feng all furrowed their brows and instantly took up positions!