There wasn’t any terrifying power bombardment that came, but rather, accompanied by a shaking of the void, both Chen Ping and Lin Keting unexpectedly disappeared!
“Mr Chen, Mr Chen ……”
Seeing this, Ji Yun instantly panicked and hurriedly shouted loudly!
Cen Biqing also frowned and said, “What’s going on? Could it be that Mr Chen and the others have been taken into an exotic space?”
“Don’t worry, they can’t get out of here, with this tower’s prohibition, there’s no way to get out of it even by using spatial arts.”
“Right now they are still in this tower right now, it’s just that they are no longer in the same space as us!”
“But soon they will be able to come back ……”
Old Black comforted Cen Biqing!
Only then did Cen Biqing breathe a sigh of relief when she heard Old Black say that!
And at this moment, Chen Ping and Lin Keting were brought into a space!
But looking around, it was obvious that this was also the fourth floor of the tower, only what was different was that Ji Yun and the others were gone!
Moreover, on the ground within the tower, there were some messy things laid out in a very disorganised manner.
“What’s going on here? How come this tower looks like it’s changed, where are the others?”
Lin Keting looked around and asked in confusion!
Chen Ping frowned slightly and spoke, “We have most likely entered another dimension, although we are still within this tower, but following the others is no longer in the same dimension, so we cannot see them.”
Chen Ping had sensed in that burst of void trembling just now that they had most likely been sucked into another dimension!
“What then? How are we going to go back?”
Lin Keting said with some fear!
“It’s fine, as long as we break this space, we can go back, let’s first see if there are any good things here.”
“I think these things should be left behind by the last person who was suppressed in this layer!”
Looking at the messy things on the ground, Chen Ping said!
Chen Ping followed Lin Keting as he looked at those cluttered things on the ground, many of them had been damaged, it was not known whether it was done by someone on purpose, or whether it was caused by the age!
Just then, suddenly a golden light flashed, Chen Ping followed towards the golden light!
Along with the golden light, a scroll slowly opened in mid-air!
Within that scroll, there was actually a blurred shadow!
“What is this?”Lin Keting looked at the scroll with a face full of astonishment.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but stared at the shadow, he felt that this shadow could be the last person to be suppressed?
That had left a virtual shadow in this scroll, waiting for a person of destiny?
Just as Chen Ping was pondering, suddenly the shadow began to slowly change, and finally turned into a sword, which was placed across the scroll!
It didn’t look like it was painted on, but like a real sword!
Chen Ping looked at the sword, and then reached out to touch it, but it was this time, the sword even trembled violently, followed by a huge suction, making Chen Ping’s body as a tidal wave towards the sword!
Chen Ping was shocked, the whole person was rapidly retreating, but the suction force within the sword was still absorbing the power within Chen Ping’s body!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly sacrificed his Dragon Cutting Sword, intending to use it to destroy the scroll!
It couldn’t be that all of his power was being sucked away!
However, the Dragon Beheading Sword had just been sacrificed, but it suddenly flew into the scroll all at once!
Only a buzzing sound could be heard from the Dragon Sword, and the two swords were actually in the middle of that scroll, battling it out!
Along with the two swords competing, the sudden suction force disappeared!
Chen Ping then took the opportunity to grab towards that sword!
This time, Chen Ping had a death grip on the sword, and a huge divine sense shrouded towards the sword!
He wanted to see what exactly this sword was and how it could suddenly absorb his power!