Chen Ping and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder waited for a while, but did not see the thunderbolt blast down, so they curiously opened their eyes and looked up!
“Mr Chen, what is that?”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man saw that a small demonic beast, which was actually emitting a multicoloured haze, was underneath that demonic apocalypse cloud!
Chen Ping was also surprised for a moment, and then laughed out loud, “This little guy, can even block the thunderbolt of the Demonic Tribulation Cloud ……”
“Oh, I almost forgot, this little guy was originally the Devil Sovereign’s mount, so he is not the least bit afraid of the Devil Tribulation Cloud!”
“Ghost old man, we’re fine, we’re fine ……”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder listened to Chen Ping’s words and was a little confused, but seeing Chen Ping’s excited look, he knew that this Demon Robbery Cloud would not cause them any harm.
“Mr Chen, there are still several thunder tribulations behind, I wonder if this little guy can carry it off?”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder asked!
“It shouldn’t be a problem, let’s wait and see ……”
Chen Ping followed the Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man and waited for the fifth thunder tribulation!
In the sky, the demonic tribulation clouds seemed to be brewing as a lightning bolt flashed in the dark clouds!
But before the fifth thunder tribulation came down, the Heaven Swallowing Beast was seen opening its large mouth and violently sucking hard!
A huge suction force went straight towards the demonic tribulation cloud!
The devil’s tribulation cloud also seemed to have consciousness, trying hard to break free, constantly changing shape, to escape from this huge suction force!
However, how the devil’s robbing cloud struggled was futile, and in the end, it was all sucked into the belly of the Heaven Swallowing Beast!
The dark sky instantly became bright, and the sun shone warmly on everyone!
Hiccup …………
Suddenly, the Heaven Swallowing Beast burped!
Just this one hiccup instantly caused the entire earth to tremble!
Regardless of whether it was Luo Shouhai or Elder Chu and the others, all of them stopped their hands at this moment and looked at the tiny Heaven Swallowing Beast in disbelief, their eyes filled with shock!
The little Heaven Swallowing Beast didn’t care about other people’s gazes, but fell down with a bang, and ran back to Chen Ping’s storage ring in a puff of smoke!
“No…… no more, the demonic calamity cloud is gone?”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man was shocked and was somewhat speechless!
The thunder tribulation in the back was gone, not to mention the thunder tribulation, even the demonic tribulation cloud was gone!
Chen Ping was also full of astonishment, he felt that it was good enough for this Heaven Swallowing Beast to be able to swallow the Thunder Tribulation, but even the entire Demonic Tribulation Cloud was swallowed, it was too outrageous!
“Ghost old man, this is considered to have resisted the Demonic Tribulation Cloud, you’d better break through quickly, I’ll leave first ……”
Chen Ping let the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder make a breakthrough and got up to leave himself!
But just as Chen Ping walked out of the room, he saw Luo Shouhai and the others, following the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance in a confrontation!
Upon seeing Chen Ping come out of the room, Elder Chu’s brows furrowed, “It is indeed you, what was the demonic beast that just swallowed that Demon Scourge Cloud?”
Elder Chu was eager to know what exactly it was that was able to swallow the demonic calamity cloud!
“Who am I to tell you?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
“Chen Ping, you killed my Demon Sealing Alliance disciple, I am here to take your life, I don’t care what the Demon Robbery Cloud is, you must die today ……”
Zuo Xuan shouted coldly at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping glanced at Zuo Xuan and said coldly, “You are the son of the Demon Sealing Alliance, right?I heard that you don’t have any real skills apart from relying on your father’s reputation and flaunting your power ah ……”
“Nonsense, I have no ability in, is it not for you, a small Transition Realm 1st Grade to say, I will kill you with my own hands today ……”
After saying that, Zuo Xuan went towards Chen Ping!
“Gongzi, don’t be reckless ……”
Elder Chu wanted to stop Zuo Xuan, but Zuo Xuan had already struck!
As soon as Zuo Xuan made his move, Luo Shouhai, Bai Shao and the others followed suit, and for a while the melee began once again!
Chen Ping had just helped the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder to cross the tribulation, and all kinds of power in his body were almost depleted, and it really wasn’t a good time to follow Zuo Xuan’s move!