“Holy Light Fist ……”
This time, the golden light on Chen Ping’s fist was as dazzling as the sun, so blindingly bright that everyone could barely keep their eyes open!
The untold amount of spiritual energy gathered together and headed for Black Impermanence’s chest!
Black Impermanence’s face changed and he hurriedly blocked it again with his soul-attracting rod!
But Chen Ping didn’t lose his speed and slammed his fist into it!
Boom! …………
The whole earth trembled with a deafening bang!
Even Ginger Wei and the others, who were on top of the mountain, felt the disturbance in the mountain!
Black Impermanence’s eyes were filled with horror, only to see his soul-attracting rod snap under Chen Ping’s punch, while Chen Ping’s strength did not diminish and smashed fiercely on Black Impermanence’s chest!
The body of Black Impermanence flew up like a piece of paper, dozens of trees were knocked down and then fell to the ground!
Blood spurted out of Black Impermanence’s mouth, and his face was full of shock!
“How is it possible, you …… What realm are you in?”
Black Impermanence didn’t think that Chen Ping, whom he didn’t even care about, would have such strength!
“Old Black, are you alright?”
White Impermanence was also full of surprise and went forward to help Black Impermanence up and gave him a pill by the way!
After taking the elixir, Black Chang’s qi began to recover rapidly!
“It’s alright, we can’t die yet, it looks like we are going to join hands!”
At first, Black Impermanence felt that it would not be necessary for the two of them to fight together against Chen Ping, he could just slap Chen Ping to death!
But he didn’t want to be directly hit in the face by Chen Ping and get injured himself!
“But when did such a young expert appear in the Hidden World, who has never been heard of?”
White Impermanence looked at Chen Ping, his eyes full of doubts!
There were no masters in the martial arts world outside the realm, and among the three sects and six schools in the Hidden Realm, they did not remember a young master like Chen Ping!
“No matter if he is from outside or inside the realm, he must die, or else our reputation will be ruined ……”
The two of us will have to die or our reputation will be ruined.
“The result will be the same even if you both go together, so I would advise you not to make a fearless struggle.”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“Arrogant ……” Black Impermanence snorted coldly, his aura having been restored!
“Old Black, let’s kill him together!”
White Impermanence’s aura exploded, and his eyes gaped!
At once, the two men leapt up and then headed towards Chen Ping, left and right!
The two Fourth Grade Martial Gods attacked Chen Ping together, but Chen Ping did not move at all, his Unbreakable Golden Body was at its peak.
Soon, behind Chen Ping, a golden dragon began to appear, a huge golden dragon hovering behind Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s skin was also glittering. With his strong physical body and his Undestructive Golden Body, Chen Ping’s body had already been hardened beyond compare!
“All Souls Return ……”
The White Impermanent waved his soul-attracting rod, and countless black Qi turned into powerful ghosts, rushing towards Chen Ping!
The Black Impermanence, on the other hand, had flames rising from his palms, and the flames were surrounded by a black mist!
Both of them reached Chen Ping’s face at almost the same time, and Chen Ping swung his palm out and clashed with the Black Impermanence!
Boom! …………
The Black Impermanent’s body was instantly knocked out.
At the same time, the spirit-guiding rod in the hand of the White Impermanent hit Chen Ping’s body with a fierce smash, sending a splash of fire.
The glittering skin was exposed, but Chen Ping did not receive any damage at all!
On the other hand, the White Impermanent felt a numbness in his wrist, and the soul-attracting rod almost fell out of his hand!