A flame, surprisingly, began to rotate and hover in front of Chen Ping!
Soon a huge vortex appeared, the vortex was huge, and it kept sucking away the surrounding Earth Core Flames in front of Chen Ping!
“What is this, how did a huge vortex suddenly appear?”
Chen Ping’s face was filled with astonishment when he saw this!
When the Red Cloud Demon Monarch saw this, he said, “It must be because you have absorbed the Earth Core Flame here, causing the surrounding flame breath to change, which is why such a large vortex has formed.”
“A river like this formed from the magma of the earth is very violent, and having a little bit of object medium might be able to change the current state.”
Chen Ping listened to the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch and rang up that volcano!
A calm volcano would not erupt even if the magma surged!
However, if a stone was thrown in, it might directly cause the volcano to erupt!
Now it was the same thing, Chen Ping had only slightly absorbed the surrounding flame breath, causing a huge whirlpool to suddenly appear within this magma river!
Chen Ping saw that the vortex was getting bigger and bigger, and at the centre of that vortex, there seemed to be a void crack!
After these flame breaths were caught in the vortex, they all flowed away along the void crack, going somewhere unknown!
Looking at the growing vortex, Chen Ping decided to hide for a while, maybe the vortex would calm down in a while!
Chen Ping resisted the suction of the vortex and kept swimming towards the other side, but it was very difficult for Chen Ping to walk!
Originally in this magma river, his movement was hindered, and now he was firmly controlled by the suction force of the whirlpool, Chen Ping could only clench his teeth and keep dodging!
But right at this moment, a faint aura was approaching, and soon Chen Ping sensed that it was actually the aura of the Ghost Face Sect!
“That fellow actually found this place?”
Chen Ping’s expression tightened!
Chen Ping did not expect that Elder Tu had found himself so quickly!
However, just as Chen Ping was bracing himself to prepare to defend himself, he realised that what came was actually a ghost face!
The ghost face seemed to possess life as it continuously approached towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this ghost face, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed as he knew that this ghost face would never appear here for no reason!
It must have been thrown into the magma river by Elder Tu, and the ghost face was definitely looking for himself!
Chen Ping quietly looked at the ghostly face that suddenly appeared, he wanted to know if this ghostly face was thrown into the magma river by Elder Tu, or if it fell in by itself!
The ghost face kept approaching Chen Ping, but just when it was some distance away, it was suddenly sucked in by the huge vortex, and instantly there was no trace of it!
Only after seeing the ghost face being sucked into the whirlpool did Chen Ping let out a sigh of relief, it looked like the ghost face was not thrown into the magma river by that Elder Tu!
Chen Ping pulled away from the vortex, not daring to absorb and refine the Earth’s Heart Flame at will, and could only rely on these flames, using the True Fire Dharma Body to quench his own flesh!
And at this time, Elder Tu was waiting on the bank of the Magma River!
Soon an aura came, and Elder Tu looked towards the distance!
“This fellow, he even dived out that far ……”
The corners of Elder Tu’s mouth lifted slightly, he already knew where Chen Ping was!
Just now, that ghost face had approached Chen Ping, directly exposing Chen Ping’s position!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, who still had no idea that his position was exposed, was still immersed in the True Fire Dharma Body, quenching his fleshly body!
Elder Tu leapt up, and after arriving at Chen Ping’s location, he then plunged headlong into the magma river!
Around Elder Tu’s body, several ghost faces surrounded, giving Elder Tu a defence against the flames of the magma river!
This ghost face was not afraid of this Earth Core Fire, that Huo Yuan Ting and the others passed through the Magma River, they were also sent there with ghost faces!