Kyoto, within a certain hotel!
Ge Jiayi followed Dong Jiahao to a room, which was nicely decorated and cozy!
Ge Jiayi observed the surroundings for a while, and then asked Dong Jiahao indifferently, “Dong Jiahao, isn’t it a bit inappropriate for you to bring me here to talk about things?”
Although Ge Chia-Yi said this, she didn’t take it to heart because she knew Dong Jia-Hao’s strength, she could subdue Dong Jia-Hao with a casual move of her own, so she wasn’t afraid that Dong Jia-Hao would have any bad intentions!
“Miss Ge, there is nothing inappropriate, I have always liked you for a long time, and I called you here today to confess my love to you ……”
Dong Jiahao said, surprisingly took out a handful of flowers and then knelt down on one knee in front of Ge Jiayi.
Seeing this, Ge Jiayi’s face was as cold as ice, and she said with a disdainful face, “Die your heart out, I simply don’t see you ……”
After Ge Jiayi finished speaking, she turned around and walked out, she did not expect that this Dong Jiahao had tricked herself into confessing her love.
Although Ge Jiayi’s heart was now furious, she did not make a move against Dong Jiahao.
After all, now that the martial arts world in Kyoto is being reshuffled, the Ge family can hardly remain uncontested in the world, so she doesn’t want to make an enemy for the Ge family ……
But just as Ge Jiayi turned to leave, Dong Jiahao suddenly shot out his hand and actually grabbed Ge Jiayi’s wrist directly!
“Miss Ge, since we’re here, I think we’d better have a good chat before we leave ……”
Dong Jiahao said with a few grim smiles on his face.
Ge Jiayi frowned, “Let go of my hand ……”
After saying that, Ge Jiayi raised her hand and smashed out a fist.
However, Ge Jiayi did not use her full strength, if she used her full strength to strike, Dong Jiahao would not be able to withstand it!
But who knew that when Ge Jiayi’s fist struck out, Dong Jiahao would not dodge or dodge, but directly reached out and grabbed Ge Jiayi’s fist, making Ge Jiayi unable to move a bit!
Ge Jiayi was stunned, and a mist was instantly emitted from Dong Jiahao’s body, and then Ge Jiayi’s mind began to drift, and finally her eyes closed and she pa*sed out ……
Looking at the fainted Ge Jiayi, the corners of Dong Jiahao’s mouth raised and he directly carried Ge Jiayi to the bed, then slowly removed Ge Jiayi’s clothes!
Looking at Ge Jiayi’s body, a black mist filled Dong Jiahao’s body, and then Dong Jiahao’s face changed, surprisingly turning into Ning Zhi.
It turned out that this Dong Jiahao was actually Ning Zhi disguised, no wonder just now Ge Jiayi’s punch was caught very easily.
“Tsk tsk …… what a nice woman, if it weren’t for the fact that I no longer have the ability to be a man, I would definitely have gotten you ……”
Ning Zhi lamented for a while, then pulled out his prepared camera and started taking pictures of Ge Jiayi!
After everything was done, Ning Zhi left the hotel, the next thing, he just slowly waited for the Ge family to follow the Dong family to fight to the death ……
I don’t know how long it took, Ge Jiayi slowly woke up, when she looked at herself unclothed, the whole person instantly broke down and cried out.
She was the pride of the heavens, she was the dream girl of many clan and family grandsons.
But now, she was being spoiled!
“Dong Jiahao, I’ll definitely break you into pieces …………”
A strong killing intent radiated from Ge Jiayi’s body, and she thought at this moment that it was Dong Jiahao who had disrespected her.
Lost in thought, Ge Jiayi returned home and desperately rinsed herself off, before changing into a new outfit!
She was going to go to the Dong family in person to demand an explanation, even if it meant her death, she would kill Dong Jiahao!
But just as Ge Chia-Yi was about to go to the Dong Family to find Dong Jia-Hao, a subordinate of the Ge Family hurried in, “Miss, Dong Jia-Hao, the young master of the Dong Family, is outside the door asking to see ……”
Upon hearing this, Ge Chia-Yi’s entire person instantly burst out with a terrifying killing intent, then in a flash, she rushed towards the door.