“Okay, tell me where the people are and we’ll go over there now ……”
The Four Masters of Nanshan got up and were ready to do it now!
“I’ll send someone to take you there!”
Jin Fusheng said, clapped his hands, and the man in the suit just now walked in immediately!
“You take the Four Jie of Nanshan to kill those people, remember to make sure ……”
Jin Fusheng said to the man in the suit.
The man in the suit nodded, and then said to the Nanshan Four Jie, “Four, let’s go ……”
The man in the suit led the Four Jie of Nanshan towards Chen Ping’s room with them!
“Four, there is a man and a woman inside this room, there are two more rooms in front, there are people guarding the entrance of the rooms, which one to kill first, you guys can just see what to do, a total of four men and two women, there is no other people on this cruise ship!”
The man in the suit said to the four Southern Mountains.
The boss of the Nanshan Four looked at the door of the room as far as he could see and said to the others, “Let’s start here first ……”
After several people unanimously agreed, they slowly pushed the door open!
Inside this room was Chen Ping followed by Gu Ling’er, both of whom were lying motionless on the bed at the moment.
Gu Ling’er was blocked by Chen Ping’s body inside the bed, while Chen Ping was lying on the outside of the bed.
“Lao San, you did it to kill these two people, recently I noticed that you have started to be very kind, and those who rush our business are afraid of being kind, you know?”
The boss said as he looked to Lao San.
Lao San nodded and drew out a knife, then with a grit of his teeth, he ruthlessly slashed down towards Chen Ping.
Clang ……
A metal clash sounded, followed by a burst of fire from the knife in Lao San’s hand.
This time, the four men were dumbfounded, while the old man looked at the knife in his hand, his eyes wide with disbelief!
Only to see that the sharp big knife had actually popped out a gaping hole at that moment.
“This …… is a f*cking dummy, right?”
Lao San wanted to go up and check it out to see if Chen Ping was a fake.
But before Lao San could move, Chen Ping murmured and then flipped over!
This startled all four men and they backed up!
Only when they found that Chen Ping hadn’t woken up did the four men breathe a sigh of relief!
“Lao San, you’re such a f*cking loser, what kind of broken blade is that?”
The boss scolded Lao San!
Lao San also looked aggrieved, his knife was forged with the best steel and was incredibly hard, he just didn’t know how this could happen today!
“Lao Er, you do it ……”
The boss said to the second.
Lao Er nodded and pulled out his two axes from his waist, which were eerily cold under the moonlight.
The two axes then came down on Chen Ping’s body with a fierce chop!
If it were an ordinary man, he would have been cut into three pieces, but something strange happened again.
The two axes of Lao Er chopped at Chen Ping’s body, but there was no blood splattering, instead, Lao Er’s hands went numb, as if the two axes had chopped at a steel plate!
Clap …………
The two axes appeared with cracks and finally broke into pieces, only the two axe handles were still clutched in Lao Er’s hands!
“This this this …………”
Lao Er looked at the only axe handles left in his hands and was speechless for a moment.
Several other people also grew their mouths, looking at the scene in front of them in shock!
“It’s bad, let’s go …………”
After a while, the boss reacted, and after his face changed, he greeted the others and was about to flee!
“We’re all here, how can we say hello before we leave!”
Just as the four men were about to turn around and flee, suddenly Chen Ping’s voice came from behind them!
Immediately afterwards, there was a huge pressure of power that instantly pressed down on the four men’s heads!