Chen Ping looked at the hill and realised that it wasn’t some off the beaten track place, it wasn’t hidden either, how could a vein of Immortal Spirit Stones be found by no one else?
“It’s not that hard to find here, how come no one has discovered it?”
Chen Ping asked suspiciously!
“Wait until we get to the place and you’ll know!”
Xiong Ying said with a faint smile!
Xiong Ying’s smile instantly gave Chen Ping a feeling like a spring breeze!
On the other hand, the youngest sister’s brother on the side had his harrumphs instantly flowing out!
“Brother, look at what you yourself have become, is it a disgrace?”
The youngest sister looked at her brother and said in disgust!
“Don’t mind me, you’d better mind your brother-in-law, talking after other girls in front of you!”
The youngest sister’s brother said!
The youngest sister huffed and puffed, not paying attention to him anymore, she also can’t take this brother!
After another half an hour, the crowd finally reached the top of the mountain, at the moment in front of the top of the mountain is the ten thousand feet deep abyss!
But on the top of the mountain, there were no veins of Immortal Spirit Stones, if there were, Chen Ping would be able to detect them, after all, the spirit power within the Immortal Spirit Stones was different from ordinary Spirit Stones!
“There doesn’t seem to be any Immortal Spirit Stone veins here, right?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards Xiong Ying in doubt!
“Follow me ……”
After saying that, Xiong Ying unexpectedly jumped off the ten thousand feet deep abyss in one leap!
Seeing this, Chen Ping and the others also followed and jumped down, although it was a 10,000 feet deep abyss, it was nothing scary at all for cultivators like them, after all, they were all already able to fly through the air!
Just as the crowd was flying down, soon above that cliff wall, a hole unexpectedly appeared, the hole was not big and could only accommodate one person to enter!
Xiong Ying steadied himself and then walked inside the hole!
Chen Ping and the others entered in turn, just after entering the cave, Chen Ping sensed the aura of the Immortal Spirit Stone!
It was very dark in the cave, Chen Ping directly raised a ball of Supreme Fire in his palm, illuminating the surroundings!
After walking along the entrance of the cave for some distance, he saw that on the stone walls around the cave, there were actually some scattered Immortal Spirit Stones set in!
Although it didn’t look like a lot, compared to not being able to find a single Immortal Spirit Stone for a year and a half outside, this place was already called a vein!
“So many Immortal Spirit Stones, so much money ah ……”
Seeing the immortal spirit stones around the cave wall, the youngest sister’s brother became a little crazy, rushing to dig at the immortal spirit stones with his hands!
But that immortal spirit stone seems to grow on the stone wall in general, let the youngest sister’s brother how hard, but a piece of immortal spirit stone are not buckle down!
“This stone wall is exceptionally hard, in order to dig out the Immortal Spirit Stones, one must take their time, as well as expend a large amount of spiritual energy to do so.”
Seeing this, Xiong Ying hurriedly explained!
If one could get an Immortal Spirit Stone with a random snap, it was estimated that the two siblings, Xiong Gao and Xiong Ying, would have already gotten a lot of Immortal Spirit Stones!
Chen Ping saw a fist-sized Immortal Spirit Stone, then walked forward, and with the rising to fire in his palm, he sizzled it against that stone wall!
Immediately after that, with a snap of his hand, that Immortal Spirit Stone fell out.
“This stone wall is afraid of fire?”
Seeing this scene, Xiong Ying immediately asked in shock!
The two of them, the siblings, had gone through a lot of trouble and hadn’t managed to get a few of them, and just like that, they were taken to the Beast City to sell them, and they were even arrested!
“After roasting with flames, the stone walls will become less hard, and the Immortal Spirit Stones will be better mined down.”
Chen Ping nodded, then continued, “Does anyone else know about this vein?”
“No, only our two siblings know about it, and now there are you guys!”
Xiong Ying shook his head and said!
Chen Ping looked at the Immortal Spirit Stones inside the cave, he knew that with just the few of them, they wouldn’t be able to mine all of the Immortal Spirit Stones here in a monkey’s time!
He now had to find someone to co-operate with in order to do so, as the saying goes, co-operation is a win-win situation!
But what kind of person can mine Immortal Spirit Stones?