You Wuji sighed, “It was all because of the big shots in the Fifth Heaven.
They coveted a supreme treasure of the Hu Clan and wanted to claim it for themselves.
The Hu Clan refused to hand it over, so they rallied us, the forces of the Fourth Heaven, to wage a war of extermination against the Hu Clan.”
“A supreme treasure? What treasure?” Chen Ping pressed.
You Wuji shook his head, “I don’t know the specifics of the treasure. We were just following orders. The real masterminds were the forces in the Fifth Heaven.”
“Which forces in the Fifth Heaven?” Chen Ping continued.
You Wuji hesitated before saying, “The main one was the Evil Path Hall. The war of extermination was orchestrated by Ouyang Tian, the master of the Evil Path Hall’s branch in the Fifth Heaven.”
“Evil Path Hall?” A cold glint flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes!
He recalled defeating You Wuxie of the Evil Path Hall in the Third Heaven, where You Wuxie’s soul had escaped.
He hadn’t expected the Evil Path Hall to have a branch in the Fifth Heaven, let alone be the mastermind behind the Hu Clan’s destruction.
“Besides the Evil Path Hall, were other forces involved?” Chen Ping asked.
You Wuji nodded, “Yes, several major sects from the Fifth Heaven, like the Ten Thousand Poison Valley and the Holy Light Sect, also took part in the extermination.”
Chen Ping’s face grew darker. He hadn’t imagined so many forces were involved in the massacre.
It seemed avenging the Hu Clan would be a long road.
“Wait a minute, if the Fifth Heaven sects wanted to wipe out the Hu Clan in the Fourth Heaven, wouldn’t that be effortless? Why would so many sects need to join forces?”
Chen Ping suddenly realised that the Hu Clan, being in the Fourth Heaven, shouldn’t have been that powerful to require such a coalition.
“Back then, many of the Hu Clan’s cultivators had greatly increased in strength and had gone to the Fifth and Sixth Heavens. To exterminate the Hu Clan, they would have called back those members, so we banded together.”
“In the entire Fourth Heaven, the Hu Clan’s disciples advanced in cultivation the fastest. It’s likely because of this that they were suspected of possessing a treasure capable of rapidly boosting cultivation, which brought about their doom.”
You Wuji analysed, hoping to save his own skin by offering useful information, lest he meet his end!
Hearing this, Chen Ping looked at Hu Mazi, “Master Hu, did you use any treasure to boost your cultivation back then?”
“No, I relied entirely on my own cultivation. What treasure? Maybe it was acquired later?”
“I’ve gone through several cycles of reincarnation. I don’t know what changes happened in the clan!”
Hu Mazi shook his head.
“I have one more question,” Chen Ping said, staring at You Wuji, enunciating each word, “Why didn’t a single soul from the Hu Clan survive? Not one person escaped?”
But as soon as he asked, Chen Ping realised the Evil Path Hall specialised in collecting souls, so they must have been taken!
“Were the Hu Clan’s souls collected by the Evil Path Hall? I encountered them in the Third Heaven, and they specialised in gathering spirits and souls.”
“The person in charge there was a guy named You Wuxie. I killed him, but his soul escaped!”
Chen Ping asked You Wuji.
You Wuxie? You Wuji?
Chen Ping suddenly seemed to realise something and asked again, “Who is You Wuxie to you?”
You Wuji’s face turned grim, “He’s my younger brother, who joined the Evil Path Hall. I haven’t seen him in a long time!”
“No wonder your names are so similar!” Chen Ping understood.
A complex look flashed in You Wuji’s eyes, “Mr. Chen, although the Evil Path Hall took the Hu Clan’s souls, they may not have all been refined. Some might still be imprisoned.”