Kyoto, inside a not-so-small restaurant!
Chen Ping, dressed in black, after a simple disguise, was sitting at the table eating.
He had come to pry into the movements of the Martial Arts Alliance over the past two days.
The reason for Chen Ping’s ruthlessness in the past two days was to take revenge, and also to attract the idea of the Wudao Alliance, so that the many experts within the Wudao Alliance would go searching for the so-called black-robed man.
And Chen Ping would be able to take advantage of the emptiness within the Martial Dao Alliance and find a way to rescue Su Yuqi. Chen Ping was not completely sure about breaking into the Martial Dao Alliance now!
Just as Chen Ping was eating, four figures suddenly attracted Chen Ping’s attention.
Only to see four old men with different demeanours walk into the restaurant, then ordered some food and began to eat, all four of their faces looked grave!
“The Four Villains? What are they doing here in the capital? Could it be that they know they are dead and want to take revenge for how?”
When Chen Ping saw the sudden appearance of the Four Evil Men, he could not help but look a little nervous and worried.
However, there were many people here, so Chen Ping could not directly go over to identify them, and could only wait in silence.
Soon, after finishing their meal, the Four Villains walked out of the restaurant, with Chen Ping following closely behind them.
It was now dark and a few stars were sprinkled in the sky!
But the places where the Four Villains walked were all very shady places, and wherever there were no street lights, they went!
When they turned into an alleyway, Chen Ping also turned to follow them.
But as soon as Chen Ping turned around, he found that there were no more Four Evil Men in front of him, but just as Chen Ping was dazed, the Four Evil Men had already dropped down from a high place and surrounded Chen Ping.
“Who are you, Your Excellency? Why are you following us?”
Ding asked as he stared angrily at Chen Ping.
Seeing that the four did not recognise themselves, Chen Ping could not help but smile in his heart and decided to test how strong the four had been all this time!
“I saw you four sneaking around, you don’t look like good people, so I followed you to see ……”
Chen Ping cupped his throat and said in a hoarse voice.
Hearing Chen Ping say this, Ding Da’s face instantly turned ugly.
“Big brother, what’s the point of wasting words with him, just kill him, we have business to attend to ……”
Ding Buzan finished speaking and smashed his fist at Chen Ping.
Now that the four of them had all reached the Martial Marquis realm from their training within the Demon Subduing Tower, this Ding Buzan’s strength could not be underestimated anymore.
The terrifying fist wind carried a whistling sound as it smashed directly towards Chen Ping.
Only fist shadows oohed and aahed, although it was only one punch, there were countless fist winds that surrounded Chen Ping, followed by a fist wind that ruthlessly hit Chen Ping’s body.
Boom boom boom …………
All that could be heard was a series of muffled grunts, while Chen Ping stood in place and didn’t move a muscle!
“This strength of yours is still lacking a lot ……”
Chen Ping said to Ding Buzan.
At this moment, Ding Buzan was already dumbfounded, he looked at Chen Ping incredulously, not believing that his punch had not even hurt Chen Ping’s skin, not even moving a single inch!
Several other people were also shocked, while Ding Bu Er cursed angrily at Ding Bu San, “Lao San, you’re a p*ssy, why don’t you have any strength at all?”
After Ding Bu Er finished cursing, his body’s aura surged, a strong Qi visible to the naked eye traveled through Ding Bu Er’s body and finally converged on his right fist!
Ding Bu’er’s fist began to be wrapped in a faint layer of white light, these were all the powerful qi emitted from his fist.
Immediately afterwards, Ding Bu’er let out an explosive cry, and his fist also smashed into Chen Ping.
This time, Ding Bu’er did not use any fancy moves, but instead, he pushed his power to the limit!
Boom!
After a loud sound like thunder, Ding Bu’er’s entire body instantly flew backwards, his entire arm began to go numb and tremble uncontrollably.
Looking at Chen Ping, he still remained motionless, not even swaying his body a bit!