Seeing Chen Ping take the storage bag, Master Luan secretly breathed a sigh of relief in his heart!
Since Chen Ping wanted it, then his own little life should be saved!
After all, eating a man’s mouth is short, taking a man’s hand is short, since Chen Ping wanted it, then he definitely wouldn’t kill himself!
Master Luan wiped the cold sweat from his forehead and let out a long breath!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took over the storage bag and casually took out a formation jade slip, and then a divine sense struck into that jade slip!
However, this formation jade slip seemed to have some kind of taboo, Chen Ping’s divine sense had no way to enter the formation jade slip, so it was impossible to know what kind of formation it was!
“It’s really something, even my divine sense is blocked out!”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, and then he increased his divine sense.
In Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, a seemingly chaotic patchwork of stars soon appeared!
These flourishing stars were bright and dark, spread throughout Chen Ping’s entire sea of consciousness!
“What the fuck is this?”Seeing the sudden appearance of a sky full of stars, the Red Cloud Demon Lord was somewhat shocked!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, glanced at it and instantly saw through it, “This is a formation graphic within the jade slip of the formation, and only after cracking it, can the divine sense enter within the jade slip!”
Chen Ping quickly cracked the formation graphic with his formation art!
That Master Luan had not been able to crack it for so many years, yet Chen Ping had seen through it in two eyes!
While in the midst of cracking, Chen Ping’s divine sense instantly entered that jade slip!
Chen Ping only felt that he suddenly had a heavenly rotation, followed by a white blanket in front of him!
He could not feel the slightest bit of spiritual energy, nor could he feel the presence of the formation!
“What kind of formation is this? How can I not feel it at all?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
Chen Ping immersed himself in that white world, trying to capture any hint of clues about this formation.
As time passed by minute by minute, he suddenly felt an inexplicable force surging in his heart, as if it had resonated with some rule in this heaven and earth.
“Is this …… this the legendary Heaven and Earth Formation?”
Chen Ping was appalled in his heart as he realized that he might have touched the most forbidden and mysterious realm of the Celestial Realm.
The Great Formation of Heaven and Earth was an unprecedented miraculous formation that was set up by ancient great powers using the heavens and earth as a cloth and the stars as chess pieces, capable of isolating the communication between the Celestial Realm and the Heavenly Realm, making it so that there was no way for the Celestial Realm practitioners left behind in the Celestial Realm to return to the Celestial Realm.
Although Chen Ping did not understand what kind of person had laid down this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, and what the original intention of laying down this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation was!
But Chen Ping knew that such a formation was not something that he could shake with his current cultivation level.
“No wonder even my Divine Sense cannot easily enter, is this Heaven and Earth Formation not something that mere mortals can pry into?”
Chen Ping secretly pondered, both shock and excitement in his heart.
He understood that if he could master this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, he would be able to break it, and then those Heavenly Realm cultivators left behind in the Celestial Realm would be able to return to the Heavenly Realm in droves.
The Divine Ripple Ancestor, the Formation Demon, and so on, all of these people would be able to return to the Heavenly Realm that they had dreamed of!
Chen Ping explored half a day within the Formation Jade Slip but did not have the slightest clue, finally he realized that what was recorded within this Formation Jade Slip was only a part of the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation!
“Could it be that only these four Formation Jade Slips can form a Heaven and Earth Grand Formation?”
Chen Ping thought, taking out another Formation Jade Slip once again, but no matter how hard they tried, there was no way to enter their divine sense into it anymore!
Looking at this jade slip in his hand, Chen Ping was unwilling in his heart, but he also understood that he could not force it.
“That’s just it, before the chance comes, there is no point in forcing it.”
Chen Ping sighed and decided to put this matter down first, and turned to look at Master Luan who was kneeling on the side with a hopeful face.
“Although you are instructed by that Qiu Tou, but on account of the fact that you do have a heart to study the formation, I will spare your life today.”
Chen Ping’s words carried an unquestionable majesty, “But deadly sins can be spared, living sins can’t be escaped, since you made a move on me, I can’t just let you go like this, letting others think that I, Chen Ping, am good at bullying, today, I’ll abolish your hands to show my punishment.”