“Chen Ping, you are so shameless, you let Uncle Long refine your pills and you secretly sucked his spiritual power ……”
Wu Mei’er said as she viciously kicked towards Chen Ping’s buttocks.
Only then did Chen Ping wake up and hurriedly stop the Far Turning Heart Condensation Technique, before looking at Long Wu with an embarra*sed face.
Just now, Chen Ping did not mean to do that, but he just unconsciously ran the Heart Condensation Skill.
However, Long Wu did not say anything, nor did he stop. After a while, Long Wu then collected his spiritual power, and at that moment three blackish pills fell from mid-air to the ground.
Although the pills were black, they emitted a faint light, and at this moment, even if the lights were out inside the room, they would still be illuminated very brightly.
With a wave of his hand, three Marrow Cleansing Pills arrived in Long Wu’s hand, Long Wu handed the pills to Chen Ping: “These are three Marrow Cleansing Pills, for an ordinary person’s body, one Marrow Cleansing Pill is enough, whether she can step into the path of immortality or not, that depends on her talent and creation, you must not give more to your girlfriend, an ordinary person’s body can’t bear it… …”
Chen Ping held that Marrow Cleansing Pill and felt a little incredulous, this was the ordinary pills that Long Wu was talking about, but in Chen Ping’s eyes, this was a hundred times stronger than him refining the Spirit Gathering Pill, the Great Returning Pill, not to mention the Small Returning Pill.
Chen Ping had always thought that he was very good at refining pills, but only after seeing Long Wu refining pills did he realise that he was afraid that he could not even reach an entry level.
Looking at Chen Ping that way, Long Wu knew what he was thinking, so he patted Chen Ping’s shoulder: “Not every immortal cultivator is proficient in alchemy, I have only learned some, besides, the Dragon …… old leader who brought you in, he has not even learned alchemy, so he has only taught you some of the most basic elixir refining , the rest you don’t know, it is also justifiable, in our immortal cultivation world there are specialized alchemists, they are the ones who are truly proficient in alchemy, you can only learn the refining of advanced pills by learning from them.”
When Long Wu said this, Chen Ping instantly understood, “Then aren’t the alchemists in the Immortal Cultivation Realm, similar to the pill masters in the Martial Dao Realm?”
“Yes, it should be the same, except that the alchemists refine more advanced pills, when you get to know them later, you will know that there are not only alchemists in the immortal cultivation world, there are also foundry masters, the enemies you are facing now are just some martial arts practitioners, with your strong physical body, you can do without weapons, but when you really walk into the immortal cultivation world, you must find a weapon that you can use, that will make your strength more layer of …………”
Long Wu followed Chen Ping, while Chen Ping listened carefully like a schoolboy, he always wanted to understand, but unfortunately no one told him, now he finally lifted the veil of the immortal cultivation world.
“Why did I accidentally tell you so much, you have a good match tomorrow, slowly you will know it all ……”
Long Wu patted Chen Ping’s shoulder once again and turned around to prepare to leave.
“Uncle Long, just now this Chen Ping, why was he able to absorb the spiritual energy emanating from your body ah?”
Just then, Wu Mei’er spoke up in a very puzzled manner.
As far as she knew, no matter what kind of mind techniques, they all drew spiritual energy from everything in heaven and earth to help them cultivate, but she had never seen one that could draw spiritual energy from other people’s bodies.
The spiritual energy emitted from other people’s bodies was transformed by their own techniques and stored in their dantian, unlike the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, which could be absorbed by all immortal cultivators.
Wu Mei’er’s words once again embarra*sed Chen Ping, but he was also curious, “Couldn’t you guys?”
Chen Ping had never met an immortal cultivator before this, and all did not know if others who cultivated, like him, could also absorb things other than spiritual qi.