Guo Wei looked at the arriving Zhao Wuji and Su Yuqi girls and suddenly the corners of his mouth lifted, “Who said I made a move on Chen Ping?”
“I saw it, just now if we hadn’t rushed here, you would have killed Chen.”
Zhao Wuji said loudly.
“You didn’t see anything, because dead people don’t see things ……”
Guo Wei said, and a terrifying aura directly wrapped around Zhao Wuji and the others as well.
He was going to kill and silence them, only when all these people were dead would his secret not be revealed.
Seeing that Guo Wei had actually moved to kill, Zhao Wuji’s heart was shocked: “Councilor Guo, what …… do you want to do? I am a member of the Dharma Protection Pavilion, if you kill me, this is following the official ……”
Zhao Wuji wanted to use the official to pressure Guo Wei, but it was obviously useless because Guo Wei’s killing heart was rising!
“Zhao Wuji, if I kill you now, who can prove that I killed you, no one can prove it, even if you are an official, what can the official do to me?”
Guo Wei said with a cold smile.
This time, Zhao Wuji was completely panicked, facing Guo Wei at the peak of Martial Sect, they had no chance to win.
Now, even if Guo Wei strengthened his aura by a few points, Zhao Wuji would not be able to withstand it anymore, not to mention a finger.
Although Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er had some strength, it would be a fool’s errand for them to take on a peak Martial Sect fighter!
Chen Ping had already been helped up by Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er at this moment, and he looked at Guo Wei, who was full of killing intent, and his expression became incomparably grave!
“Guo Wei, if you stop, I’ll pretend that I didn’t see anything today!”
Chen Ping began to compromise.
If it was just him, Chen Ping would still have the possibility of escaping, but now Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were both there, as well as Zhao Wuji, and with Zhao Wuji’s strength, he would definitely not be able to escape.
For the sake of these people around him, Chen Ping had no choice but to compromise.
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, you’re a wimp, but it’s already too late, you know too much, so you must die ……”
Guo Wei said and smashed his fist out, a black light stormed up and transformed into a fierce beast, charging directly at Chen Ping and the others.
Seeing this, Chen Ping gritted his teeth and urged the golden light on his body, his entire body leaping up to meet Guo Wei’s fist.
Boom ……
The huge collision directly caused Chen Ping’s body to slam down heavily.
A mouthful of blood spurted out, and cracks began to appear on Chen Ping’s body as the golden light on his body began to dim again.
However, this desperate block by Chen Ping caused Su Yuqi and the others to not suffer much damage.
“Chen Ping …………”
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were full of heartache as they supported Chen Ping!
“Not bad, to think that you can still resist my blow without dying, but with this punch, I want to see if you die or not ……”
The black glow on Guo Wei’s body began to shine continuously and no longer covered up.
Looking at the black glow on Guo Wei’s body, Zhao Wuji’s mouth opened wide in shock!
“I’ll stop him, you guys run while you have the chance ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, he knew that he would have to fight for his life today, or else Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er would both have to be accounted for here.
“Chen Ping, we are not leaving, to die, to die together ……”
Gu Ling’er shed tears and shook her head.
“We don’t have to die ……”
Su Yuqi’s eyes suddenly became icy cold, followed by drawing a dagger and slashing fiercely at her arm.
A wound appeared and bright red blood flowed out.
“Chen Ping, drink it ……”
Su Yuqi handed the wound to Chen Ping.
Looking at the scarlet wound on Su Yuqi’s fair arm, Chen Ping was somewhat intolerant.
“Chen Ping, if you don’t drink it, then we will all die ……”
Su Yuqi urged Chen Ping.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and directly put his mouth forward and began to suck Su Yuqi’s blood.