Shi Yan looked at Hu Pazi, and suddenly his blood surged up!
“Old thing, that Chen Ping doesn’t dare to come out, you’ve actually come, ruining my Hundred Refinements Pavilion, there’s also your part, today I’ll kill you first ……”
Shi Yan finished, the aura on his body surged, not waiting for Hu Pocky to stand firm, he fiercely slapped out with a palm!
Hu Pocky did not dare to follow Shi Yan hard, but could only instantly throw out several talismans, accompanied by a sound of explosion, Hu Pocky threw out the talismans but was burst by that Shi Yan one by one!
Seeing this, Hu Pazi’s body fiercely retreated backwards, and then pulled out the purple gold gourd from his pocket with his backhand!
With a purple glow, the purple gold gourd exploded with terrifying power!
Shi Yan was already as close as he could get, he had no time to dodge, and was instantly knocked to the ground by the power that erupted from the purple gold gourd.
“Son ……”
Shi Qingpei hurriedly stepped forward and helped Shi Yan to his feet!
“What a powerful magic weapon, it’s a good thing ……”
Jue Yuan looked at the purple gold gourd in Hu Ma Zi’s hand and greed emerged from his eyes!
“Eldest Brother, that purple gold gourd is a top grade magic weapon, you should beware ……”
Shi Qingpei warned at Jue Yuan!
“Hmph, a broken magic weapon, what else can it do to me?”
Jue Yuan snorted coldly, then grabbed in empty space towards Hu Pazi!
Hu Ma Zi only felt a huge suction force coming at him, his face slightly changed as the purple gold gourd in his hand once again erupted with light!
A purple glow shot out from within the purple gold gourd!
Containing infinite power of the Great Dao, it headed directly towards Jue Yuan!
The void exploded, as if the heavens and earth began to crumble beneath the purple-gold gourd!
Jue Yuan frowned slightly, “This purple gold gourd can be more than a top grade magic weapon ……”
He said, with a wave of his sleeve and robe, a chaos unexpectedly appeared, that a purple light struck in that chaos, and instantly disappeared!
The first thing you need to do is to get the best out of it.
The aura of his body shook, and Hu Ma Zi had no choice but to let go of his grip, and he was sent flying!
Hu Ma Zi fell to the ground, his whole body bursting, followed by an arrow of blood shooting out, his bones and veins broken!
After spurting out a mouthful of blood, Hu Ma Zi instantly pa*sed out!
Jue Yuan was playing with the purple gold gourd in his hand, his face beaming with excitement!
“Quickly let Chen Ping come out to die, or we’ll go on a killing spree!”
Shi Qingpei was overjoyed to see that Hu Ma Zi, who had destroyed their Hundred Refinements Pavilion, had become a ruined man!
Now as long as Chen Ping was invalidated, their revenge would be avenged!
“I …… our sect master is really not here ……”
A member of the Dragon Sect, said stiffly.
“Maybe that Chen Ping is really not here!” Jue Yuan radiated an aura that enveloped the entire Dragon Sect!
He did not detect the presence of an expert within the Dragon Sect!
“When that Chen Ping returns, you tell him to look for me at Kuchan Temple, I am Shi Qingpei, the Lord of the Hundred Refinement Pavilion.”
“If he tries to hide, I will still come and find him ……”
Shi Qingpei was afraid of delaying too long and inviting Mr. Shi in, so he left after dropping his harsh words!
When Jue Yuan and the others had left, the Dragon Sect crowd began to clean up!
And with both Long Xingxu and Hu Pazi seriously injured, the Dragon Sect was left without a leader, and no one could make a decision!
But soon, Zhou Jie arrived, along with Ji Ru Xue and the others!
After seeing the seriously injured Long Xingxu and Hu Puzi, everyone’s faces were very grave!
“Now immediately send someone to Pill God Valley to ask Elder Xu to come ……”
“Another thing is to seal the news, the news of Long Xingxu and Master Hu’s injuries should not leak out!”
“Repair the gate as soon as possible, not letting too many people know that the Dragon Sect was provoked and destroyed!”
“Another thing is to get Chen Ping back as soon as possible and let him preside over the situation!”
While everyone was a little overwhelmed, Ji Ru Xue calmly and collectedly began to make arrangements!
After all, Ji Ru Xue was also the head of a palace, and had some experience in managing the sect!