But just when Chen Ping was dazed and ready to fall asleep, he suddenly felt two figures in front of him, which made Chen Ping break out in a cold sweat, knowing that with Chen Ping’s strength, even if there was a little movement in a hundred meters, it would not be possible to hide it from him, but at this moment, when two people arrived in front of him, Chen Ping only noticed it, how could this not make Chen Ping panic!
If these two men were here to a*sa*sinate him, would Chen Ping not be in danger at this moment?
With a jolt, Chen Ping jumped up from the bed, but when he fixed his eyes on them, Chen Ping’s heart was relieved.
“All those little muscles, looking really fit …………”
Wu Mei’er looked at Chen Ping’s body, which was only wearing underwear, and said with a slight smile at the corner of her mouth.
Chen Ping blushed and hurriedly put his clothes back on, looking at Long Wu and Wu Mei Er somewhat strangely, wondering what these two people were doing at his house all of a sudden.
“Not bad, I didn’t expect to see you for a few days, but your strength has actually improved again, it looks like you have met an opportunity ……”
Looking at Chen Ping, Long Wu nodded in satisfaction, he didn’t even know that Chen Ping had absorbed the 10,000 year old Ginseng King.
“Long …… Uncle Long, what are you doing here in Hongcheng?”
Chen Ping asked in confusion.
“What else can I do, it’s not because Uncle Long is worried about your safety and can’t rest a*sured, I didn’t expect you kid to encounter a strange encounter and your strength has increased so much at once ……”
Wu Meier said with envy in her eyes.
Seeing that Long Wu had come over from Kyoto on purpose because he was worried about his safety, Chen Ping immediately said with a grateful face, “Thank you Uncle Long for worrying …… I am confident that I can defeat that Qin Xiaolin ……”
Seeing Chen Ping’s confident face, Long Wu was a bit happy, but still said with a serious face, “Although you have now reached the third level of the Purgatory realm, you should not underestimate the strength of a martial arts sect, Qin Xiaolin did not rely on chance, with his own strength, hard closed to the realm of martial arts sect, also has real ability, do not take the enemy lightly… …”
“Many thanks to Uncle Long for his teachings, I will remember ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“Well, that’s good, don’t forget to put on the Heart Protecting Bronze Mirror tomorrow, also I will be there tomorrow to watch your bout, so don’t have any pressure on your mind, the Martial Sect is a formidable enemy to you, but to me, I can crush him with one finger, but I can’t help you block all your enemies, you will have to carry everything, do you understand?”
Long Wu was like an elder, barking at Chen Ping and giving him confidence.
Long Wu’s words were obvious, that was the expert Chen Ping should not be afraid, when it really came to a life and death situation, when Chen Ping was no match for that Qin Xiaolin, Long Wu would not stand by with his arms folded below and would ensure Chen Ping’s safety.
This way without the threat to his life, Chen Ping would be able to feel more at ease and would let go of his hands.
“Mm, I understand!” Chen Ping nodded once again.
After following Chen Ping with a few more words, Long Wu turned around and prepared to leave, but just after Long Wu had turned around, he was called by Chen Ping.
“Uncle Long, I …… want to beg you for one thing …….”
Chen Ping called out to Long Wu.
“Didn’t I say that after the 15th of July, you will definitely know what you want to know, now you ask me, I can’t answer you ……”
Long Wu thought that Chen Ping was asking about his birth.
“Uncle Long misunderstood, I’m not asking this, I want to beg you if you can take my girlfriend as your disciple? She is just an ordinary person, but I hope she can also step into the path of immortality cultivation, so that we can be together for a long time ……”
Chen Ping wanted Su Yuqi to cultivate as well, when Su Yuqi’s realm rose higher and higher, then she would live longer and longer, otherwise in a few decades, Chen Ping could only watch Su Yuqi die while he had to wait for death alone.
“Do you think that just anyone can step into the path of immortal cultivation? I’ve seen your girlfriend, she’s not even a martial artist, and she still wants to cultivate immortality? You are thinking too beautifully ……”
When Wu Mei’er saw that Chen Ping was actually going to let his girlfriend cultivate immortality as well, he said with a sneer on his face.