I don’t know how long it took, but the light slowly dispersed, the clouds in the sky dissipated, and even the moonlight became much dimmer!
It was as if it had been absorbed too much by Chen Ping and had lost much of its lustre!
And Chen Ping slowly landed on the ground, his eyes slowly opening!
Chen Ping was still at the third rank of the Transition Realm, but the aura emanating from his body at this moment was heart-stopping!
Chen Ping’s gaze swept over Bing Lu and the others, but all of these Holy Maidens could not help but fall to their knees!
It was as if it wasn’t Chen Ping standing in front of them, but the Lord of this heaven and earth, causing them to kneel.
Even the Palace Master was mind-blown, and his heart fluttered at the look in Chen Ping’s eyes!
Chen Ping seemed to have sensed that something was amiss and hurriedly put away the transcendent aura on his body, looking towards Bing Lu and the others in a somewhat uninteresting manner!
“Get up, we are not superior or subordinate, there is no need to kneel!”
Chen Ping hurriedly said! ..
Bing Lu and the others were also embarrassed, just now it seemed like they were being controlled, their bodies could not help but kneel on the ground!
“All of you go back and feel what I just told you.”
With a wave of his hand, the Palace Master let all the many Guanghan Palace disciples go back!
After the disciples had left, the Palace Master looked at Chen Ping with a bit of envy in his eyes!
“Mr Chen, congratulations on perceiving the Time Origin, you should know that the Time Origin is the most difficult to perceive.”
The Palace Lord said!
“Thanks to the Palace Master’s nudging, otherwise I wouldn’t have been able to perceive it.”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
Although he had little to do with following the Palace Lord when he perceived the Origin of Time, the Palace Lord had kind of taught him everything, and Chen Ping was still grateful in his heart!
The Palace Master smiled, then shook his head “The little I told you is nothing, it’s all due to your own good sense of enlightenment.”
“If I wasn’t the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace how good would it be, I would be able to double cultivate with you right now, and from you I might be able to gain some more insight into the Time Origin!”
When Chen Ping heard this, his head exploded!
He didn’t think that the Palace Master would have this kind of idea’s. At that time, in the Ji Family, the old ancestor of the Ji Family saw his own bloodline and forced him to follow Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling to double cultivate.
Later on, when he met the Fox Emperor’s daughter Bai Shao, she also looked at Chen Ping’s bloodline, forcing Chen Ping to go through a whole day of dual cultivation, simply treating Chen Ping as a chattel!
But now, the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace even had such thoughts.
Chen Ping was all speechless, were there only transactions between men and women and no feelings?
These cultivators in the Celestial Realm valued realm cultivation over anything, including feelings!
The Palace Master seemed to have seen Chen Ping’s doubts and smiled faintly “In front of great interests, feelings are the most unreliable thing.”
“You don’t want to get a woman’s affection and love in this place, the Celestial Realm, that’s all a lie.”
“If you weren’t the Chosen Son, if you didn’t have your current abilities, how many women would be willing to dual cultivate with you?”
“They are willing to give their bodies because they can get more from you.”
“Including me, it’s the same idea, do you understand?”
After the Palace Master finished speaking, he turned around and left, leaving Chen Ping to stare blankly at the Palace Master’s back in disarray!
Chen Ping pondered over the Palace Master’s words, perhaps she was right!
He himself had too many women now, from Su Yuqi in the beginning to Bai Shallow now, just how many of them were truly in love?
Chen Ping fell into self-doubt!
“Silly boy, don’t think so much, whether there is affection or not, whether there is love or not, no matter if it is an exchange of benefits or forced to be helpless, in short, the women around you have already given themselves to you.”
“As long as they have you in their hearts, as long as they are willing to put their lives on the line for you, willing to give so in order to save you, then that’s fine!”
“What do you care if she does it out of love or because she gets more benefits from you, don’t bother.”
“The hardest thing to see in heaven and earth is the love between a man and a woman, don’t trouble yourself.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord’s words rang out, pulling Chen Ping out of his self-doubt!