“Vice-Lord, our Demon Spirit Sect has an ancestral motto that we should not leave the secret realm easily until the aura recovery has completely arrived, and we are not allowed to follow the clans and families in the secular world to start a conflict!”
“If we suddenly turn on the Zheng family and make South Lake City our territory, then we are afraid that the secret of our Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm will not be preserved.”
“And for such an important matter, wouldn’t it be necessary for the Sovereign to step in and announce it?”
That Deacon Lu asked to Song Qingping.
“There is no need to ask the Patriarch, the Patriarch has already authorized me, you just need to follow my arrangements.”
Song Qingping said with an icy face.
That Deacon Lu wanted to say something else, but was met with a wave of Song Qingping’s hand and said, “Alright, you guys stand down, just follow the orders ……”
Seeing this, all of them could only retreat helplessly!
After everyone had left, a black-robed person stepped out, then slowly removed the cap from his black robe to reveal a delicate face!
This black robed person was none other than Ning Zhi who had become a Demon Envoy!
“Song Qingping, meet Lord Demon Amba*sador ……”
After seeing Ning Zhi, Song Qingping knelt straight down!
“Get up ……”
Ning Zhi said indifferently.
Song Qingping got up, and then looked at Ning Zhi with an envious expression!
The two were similar in age, but Ning Zhi had now become a Demon Amba*sador, not because Ning Zhi was strong, but because he had the Demon Amba*sador’s soul residing within him, so of course Ning Zhi’s water had gone up.
Being of the same lineage, the Demon Heart Sect can create a large number of souls, whereas the Demon Spirit Sect does not allow such a thing to exist.
Song Qingping was from the Demon Spirit Sect, but had always yearned for the life of the Demon Heart Sect, and he now wished for a powerful soul to reside within him!
That way, apart from his strength being able to soar, he would also be able to raise his status!
“Is it done?”
Ning Zhi asked as he turned to Song Qingping.
“It’s done, as long as that Chen Ping has taken the Dissipating Energy Water, he definitely won’t be able to get away, but I don’t know if that Zhou Jie will succeed.”
Song Qingping said.
“It doesn’t matter, even if that Chen Ping didn’t take the Dissipating Energy Water, that Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb won’t fall into his hands!”
“As for that Blood Demon’s flesh, I believe it won’t take long for it to be resurrected, and when the Blood Demon is resurrected, then it will be our Demon Clan’s world.”
Ning Zhi laughed with a fierce face, a hoarse cackling sound coming from his mouth.
“Demon Envoy, if that Chen Ping refuses to hand over the Blood Demon’s flesh, how are we going to resurrect the Blood Demon?”
Song Qingping asked.
“Refuse to hand it over? I never thought that that Chen Ping would hand over the Blood Demon’s flesh, he’s not a fool ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes narrowed slightly as his eyes became profound!
“You know he won’t hand it over?”
Song Qingping was a little confused for a moment, so he asked, “Since Lord Demon Envoy knows that that Chen Ping won’t hand over the Blood Demon Flesh, then why do you still want me to cooperate with that Chen Ping?”
“If we don’t cooperate, how will he know the secrets of our demon race? If he didn’t cooperate, how would he know about our Demon Heart Clan’s secret realm, and if he didn’t cooperate, how would he know that Penglai Island was a place of revived spiritual energy?”
Ning Zhi smiled faintly!
This confused Song Qingping even more: “Lord Demon Envoy, you asked me to cooperate with that Chen Ping just to purposely let him know this?”
“Of course, otherwise he may not believe us even if we say so, but now that you have asked him to cooperate, he will definitely believe what you say.”
“Only that according to his nature, he won’t fully believe you either, and even more so, he won’t easily hand over the Blood Demon Flesh!”
“But that Chen Ping will definitely go to Penglai Island next, or find the secret realm to save his girlfriend, no matter if he goes to Penglai Island or to the secret realm to save his girlfriend, then our plan is halfway successful!”
“If he dares to enter the secret realm, I have prepared countless traps for him in the secret realm, he will only get in but not out.”
“If he chooses to go to Penglai Island, when the aura revives, a vision will definitely descend from the sky on Penglai Island, then even if Chen Ping is a true dragon golden body, he will not be able to carry it at all, while the Blood Demon’s physical body can use the vision when the aura revives to revive itself!”
“At that time, the entire world will be under the domain of our Demon Race, and every land where the aura recovers next will also be occupied by our Demon Race first!”
“So whatever that Chen Ping does next is already in the palm of my hand.”
Ning Zhi said with a face full of excitement.