Chen Ping, at this time, had already walked out from the mists, which seemed to have been blocked by something and did not float past the location where the light curtain had just been!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Seeing Chen Ping come out, Ruyan Liu hurriedly came forward and asked!
“It’s fine!”Chen Ping shook his head!
Seeing this, Su Tianshuo and the others also walked over, then smilingly looked at Chen Ping and said, “Fellow Daoist Chen, how did you stay in this light curtain for so half a day? Also this light curtain suddenly disappeared, how did you do that?”
“It’s just a formation, I know a little bit about it, so I broke the formation inside, so the light curtain disappeared!”
Chen Ping said with a slight smile!
Chen Ping did not say anything about using the Divine Nong Ding to refine those weird auras!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, that medicine cauldron you just put away, can you let us admire it? I feel like that medicine cauldron is so special!”
Diao Changmin asked with a greedy face!
“Yes, let us admire it, I didn’t realise that the Celestial Realm had such a good Pill Cauldron!”
Seeing this, Bao Longxing also hurriedly said!
Chen Ping did not expect that his Shennong tripod was seen by these people, but these people wanted to see it, so there was no harm in letting them see it, and also letting them have a long insight!
Just as Chen Ping was about to agree and take out the Divine Nong tripod, suddenly Ruyan Liu pulled Chen Ping a bit and said with an ugly face, “Chen Ping, I’m a bit uncomfortable, help me take a look ……”
“Ruyan, what’s wrong with you?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly went forward to support Ruyan Liu, and a spiritual force instantly penetrated into Ruyan Liu’s body!
Following this spiritual power from Chen Ping, Ruyan Liu then transmitted her voice, “Don’t ever take out your Pill Cauldron, these guys are no good.”
“Just now they wanted to poison us, luckily the light curtain disappeared and you appeared, otherwise they would have done it.”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but frown as he listened to Liu Ruyan’s voice transmission!
He didn’t understand what these people, Su Tianshuo, were doing making a move against Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan.
They didn’t have any grudges either!
And with Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng’s strength, they couldn’t threaten them or anything!
However, since Ruyan Liu had reminded them, it was unlikely that Chen Ping would be able to take out the Divine Peasant Tripod!
“It’s just an ordinary medicine cauldron, there’s nothing to see.”
“Now that the light curtain has disappeared, it’s better to go up the mountain as soon as possible, I have to go too!”
Chen Ping supported Liu Ruyan and said to Bao Longxing and the others!
Seeing this, Su Tianshuo then nodded, “Fellow Daoist Chen, then this is goodbye ……”
Chen Ping brought Liu Ruyan and they left, heading towards the mist!
The two siblings, Nie Lei and Nie Hong, followed closely behind!
“President Su, what are we going to do? Just let this Chen Ping leave?”
Seeing Chen Ping walk away, Diao Changmin said with a face full of anxiety!
He had his eyes on Chen Ping’s Divine Nong Ding, and was eager to get his hands on it!
“Let him go for the time being, when he follows the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family to meet up, we’ll kill them all at once ……”
“Otherwise that Zhou Family and the Zhen Family have united with the other Apothecaries’ Guilds, and it will be difficult for us!”
Su Tianshuo said!
“Ai!”Diao Changmin sighed, but there was nothing he could do!
The group also entered the mist and began to head towards the mountains!
“Mr Chen, why do I feel that there’s something wrong with this mist?”
As they were walking forward, Nie Heng suddenly said!
“Problematic, what’s the problem?”
Chen Ping was filled with surprise!
“I also feel that there are some problems, this mist seems to be poisonous, but it’s not too toxic, it will only slowly erode, we’ve only been walking for such a while, I feel that my body is a bit tired, and I can’t mobilise the spiritual energy in my body!”
Ruyan Liu also said!
At this time, Nie Lei and Nie Hong’s siblings also spoke up, “This mist does have a problem, we also feel panicky and short of breath right now, it’s very difficult ……