Early the next morning!
When Li Xing was brought out from the dungeon, his entire body was very weak!
Looking at Knight Star’s appearance, Ich immediately knew who did this!
“Isha, did you do this?” Yi Hyuk asked to Isha!
“Not bad, I did it, this guy deserved it when he became like this.”
Isha viciously waited for that Knight Star and said!
“Nonsense, this Knight Star was captured by Mr Chen for other purposes, if you torture this Knight Star to death, won’t you miss the big event?”
Yihe reprimanded at Isha!
When Isha heard this, she rolled her eyes and didn’t dare to speak anymore!
“As long as there is breath in the air, I just don’t know if that Knight King will value him as a son!”
Chen Ping was also a little worried at this time, after all, that Divine King’s Bow was a divine weapon, and if that King of Li didn’t change it, then it would be troublesome!
Chen Ping and his group, brought Li Xing up to the city tower, then tied Li Xing to a rope and hung it up high!
Not long after, they saw a group of people walking in great numbers to a place only a few hundred metres away from the Demon Emperor City!
This time it was full of King Knight himself leading the group!
When he saw Knight Star, who was hung high up on the city tower, endless fury erupted from his entire body!
“Yih, you don’t dare to fight me for real, what kind of skill is it to secretly capture my son, if you have the guts, you release my son, and the two of us will fight single-handedly!”
King Li looked at Yihe on the city tower and said loudly!
Yihe glanced at Chen Ping, while Chen Ping roared at the city “You are the King of Li, right? Cut the crap, have you brought what I want?”
“You hand over the thing now, I will release your son, it is as simple as that ……”
The King of Li looked at Chen Ping coldly, his eyes filled with a cold chill!
“I brought it, you release my son ……”
King Li said slowly!
“Good ……”
Chen Ping picked up Knight Star and prepared to go and follow King Knight to exchange!
“Mr Chen, to prevent any deception, I’ll go with you ……”
Yi He said to Chen Ping!
If during the exchange, that Li King resorted to fraud, Chen Ping would be in danger!
“Don’t worry, I have my own arrangements, you keep a good watch here.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Chen Ping …………”
Gao Qilan, Yu Jiameng and Liu Ruyan all gathered around, they were all worried about Chen Ping!
Isha saw Chen Ping surrounded by several women from the side, the expression on her face was somewhat indescribably complicated!
At first, she thought that she was more than enough for Chen Ping, after all, she was the princess of the Demon Emperor City!
But now, Isha had some inferiority complex, because Chen Ping was too good, and there were many other good women around him!
Isha then felt that she was not competitive!
Yi He, who was at the side, looked at his daughter’s expression and knew what was on her mind, so he stepped forward and said “Isha, if you are also worried about Mr Chen, you can also go over and say a few words to him!”
Isha looked at Gao Qilan and the girls, but finally shook her head!
“Chen Ping, why don’t we go with you, it’s too dangerous for you to go by yourself.”
Gao Qilan said to Chen Ping!
“Yeah, let’s go together, even though we are not strong, we can still do it to help you block the danger.”
Yu Jiameng followed suit!
Here, Yu Jiameng had the lowest strength, but she was now Chen Ping’s person, so she could use her life to block the danger for Chen Ping!
“Don’t be reckless, what will we do if something happens to you?”
Ruyan Liu persuaded Chen Ping!
It looked like none of them wanted Chen Ping to go and exchange after that Knight King!
“Look at you guys, it’s not like I’m going to die, I told you, I have my own arrangements, it’s absolutely fine.”
Chen Ping finished his speech and leapt down from the city tower carrying that Knight Star!