“Ah ………… how dare you all target my Mu family, I’m going to let you all die, all die ……”
Mu Naiyi didn’t expect that Ouyang Zhenhua entered dared to bring people to follow them against the Mu Family!
One must know that the Mu Family was also a big family in this Northern Domain!
This Ouyang family was merely a small family that manufactured puppets, and Ouyang Zhenhua, who was the patriarch, was only the ninth rank of the Transition Realm.
This kind of small family, even dared to follow the Mu Family to make things right!
This really doesn’t put the Mu Family in their eyes!
Only to see Mu Naiyi roaring, his body’s snow-white skin began to ooze blood, looking like a bloody man, very scary!
Along with the oozing of this blood, a bloody mist appeared around Mu Nai Yi’s body!
The blood-colored mist, with a thick bloody and icy aura was spreading!
The surrounding space, all became distorted under this blood mist!
A share of bone piercing cold air, from that Mu Nai Yi body emanation, the surrounding air suddenly dropped, hundreds of meters in a circle began to freeze!
This ice-cold aura caused the crowd to tremble and retreat again!
Looking at Mu Nai Yi’s monster-like appearance, everyone was dumbstruck!
Even that Mu Yao was dumbfounded, not knowing what kind of technique Mu Nai Yi had used to turn into this appearance!
“Quickly retreat, quickly retreat ……”
Mu Yao greeted the only two remaining Mu family members and retreated backwards!
Because he could feel that there was no way for them to resist this icy cold aura, and it was as if Mu Naiyi had lost her mind, afraid that she could even kill them!
The blood-colored cold mist around Mu Nai Yi’s body was getting thicker and thicker, while Chen Ping was frowning with murderous intent in his eyes!
The Dragon Crystal on Chen Ping’s chest flickered, and the golden dragon behind him slowly appeared, emitting a deafening roar!
A dragon roar resounded throughout the entire Wuji Sacred Sect!
The golden dragon had flames burning all over its body, and having elevated to the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, Chen Ping, the strength of this golden dragon was also significantly stronger!
Only to see the golden dragon roaring as it rushed towards Mu Naiyi, its body weaving through the void, arriving in front of Mu Naiyi in an instant!
The sharp claws of the dragon then directly slapped towards Mu Nai Yi!
But just as the golden dragon approached Mu Nai Yi, the blood-colored cold mist around Mu Nai Yi unexpectedly began to move, forming a huge whirlpool!
Endless cold air erupted from that vortex, and the golden dragon’s claws were unexpectedly frozen in an instant, followed by shattering and dissipating!
“Roar ……”
The golden giant dragon let out a low roar, fortunately, this golden giant dragon was also a thing of illusion, not an entity!
If it was a real dragon, this time it would have to become crippled!
The golden dragon lost its claws and violently opened its mouth, spewing out endless flames!
The flames collided with the cold mist, surprisingly making an explosive sound!
The entire Wuji Sacred Sect and even the entire Chaotic Land seemed to be shaken by this violent explosion!
The blood on Mu Naiyi’s body was still seeping out, and the entire person’s face was grim, seemingly suffering great pain, and should have already reached the edge of collapse!
“Ah ……”
Mu Nai Yi erupted into a roar, the breath that was sealed in his body was considered to be completely liberated at this moment!
Just as this aura erupted, Mu Nai Yi’s body also emitted a dazzling red light at the same time!
A bizarre mark appeared on Mu Nai Yi’s skin!
The current Mu Naiyi was afraid that she had long since ceased to be a person!
Even without a single piece of clothing, Mu Naiyi seemed to have no scruples!
The current Mu Nai Yi had gone mad!
There was only one thought, and that was to kill Chen Ping!
The terrifying blood-red cold mist was like a spiritual snake, carrying Mu Naiyi’s blood and heading straight towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping panicked and shot out a wall of fire to block it!
However, these cold mist spirit snakes were not afraid and directly penetrated the fire wall and came towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword was in his hand, and ten thousand sword awns descended from the sky!