Chen Ping wrote a gong method insight of his own overnight and gave it to Xu Shimao the next day, asking Xu Shimao to lead people to cultivate according to his gong method insight, while Chen Ping intended to make a trip to the Pill God Valley, asking Xu Changsheng to cultivate some pills for these people in the Protector Pavilion, and he would practice the Black Jade Severing Ointment by the way, so that Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix would suffer less.
“Mr. Chen, or else I will accompany you on your journey, many people in Kyoto are now eyeing you, although my strength cannot help you, but after all, my identity is here, no one dares to really lay a hand on me ……”
Zhao Wuji said with some concern after knowing that Chen Ping was preparing to go to Pill God Valley to fetch pills for these people from the Guardian Pavilion.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, now that the international competition competition is approaching, you should stay in the Guardian Pavilion and sit down, I can go by myself, don’t worry about it ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Then if there is anything, Mr. Chen call me immediately, I still have some contacts in Kyoto ……”
Zhao Wuji had some means and connections to get to the position of the Protector Pavilion Master in Kyoto, otherwise how could he have reached such an important position.
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
But when Chen Ping was just about to walk out of the Dharma Protector Pavilion, he suddenly stopped and turned his head to Zhao Wuji and asked, “Pavilion Master Zhao, do you know where the Shadowless Villa is?”
“Mr. Chen, you are going to the Shadowless Villa?” Zhao Wuji was puzzled.
“I have some friendships with Zhao Liguo, the owner of the Shadowless Villa, and I intend to go over to see ……”
Chen Ping had been following Zhao Liguo for over a month apart, and since he knew that the Shadowless Villa was a hall of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, which was under his own command, Chen Ping thought of going to have a look and then go to the Protector’s Pavilion piece to get some pills for the Shadowless Villa.
Zhao Wuji pointed out to Chen Ping the location of the Shadowless Villa, which was located in a mountainous forest on the outskirts of Kyoto.
Looking at the magnificent building in front of him, a manor of tens of thousands of square meters, Chen Ping was a bit shocked, he didn’t expect the Shadowless Villa to be so luxurious, but looking at the manor, he knew that the Shadowless Villa was of extraordinary strength, no wonder that Zhao Beng had little strength, yet no one dared to offend him.
Chen Ping walked to the entrance, only to see two people from the Shadowless Villa were guarding the entrance left and right, while on that gate, two white sheets of paper were pasted, and there were white cloths hanging on both sides of the entrance, and the two guards from the Shadowless Villa were also looking sad.
“What has happened to the mountain villa?”
When Chen Ping saw the scene in front of him, his inner heart thumped, he knew something was wrong, because only when someone died in the family would the entrance be decorated like this.
The two guards took one look at Chen Ping and instantly tensed up, drawing their weapons as one of them asked, “Who are you? What are you doing here?”
“I’m a friend of your villa master, what has happened to your villa?”
Chen Ping asked anxiously once again.
“A friend of the villa master?” The guards frowned slightly, “Since you are a friend of the Zhuang Master, how could you not know what has happened to our mountain villa, say, are you a spy sent by the Perak Sect or the Xuanyuan Family?”
The two guards had their swords sheathed and were ready to strike straight away.
“I told you, I am a friend of your Villa Master, if you don’t believe me, you can report to your Villa Master and say that Chen Ping is here, it is the same as reporting to your Young Villa Master.”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained.
“Chen Ping? You are Chen Ping?”
A guard looked at the surprised Chen Ping in front of him.
“Yes, I am Chen Ping!” Chen Ping nodded in some confusion.
“Wait a moment, I will go report it immediately ……”
The guard flew off towards the inside of the mountain.
Not long after, the guard returned, and following the guard was Zhao Beng.