Chen Ping utilised the Heavenly Underworld Eyes and began to dodge the large group of Sword Puppets, he needed to find the whereabouts of the Sword Elder first!
Only by finding the Sword Elder could he understand what had happened to the Sword Washing Pool and why it had become like this?
So many sword puppets, how exactly did they come about?
Although there were sword puppets in the Sword Wash Pool in the past, the number of sword puppets was not this large, why were the sword puppets able to proliferate, and where did that evil spirit come from?
Chen Ping dodged the swarms of sword puppets and began to swim a little bit towards the depths of the Sword Washing Pool!
However, Chen Ping was careful, but he was still discovered by a Sword Puppet!
Upon discovering Chen Ping, the sword puppet’s body unexpectedly erupted with a light, filled with sword intent as it rushed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, he did not expect that this Sword Puppet would be able to possess Sword Intent, it was simply a bit unbelievable!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Sword and directly headed towards the Sword Puppet!
A powerful sword aura flashed by, and sword intent surged out from Chen Ping’s body!
Puff!
Chen Ping killed the sword puppet with a single stroke of his sword, and at the same time, the sword intent in the body of the sword puppet was instantly absorbed by the Dragon Cutting Sword!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping was somewhat surprised in his heart, he did not expect that the Dragon Slashing Sword could actively absorb sword intent within this Sword Washing Pool!
If this continued, was it possible that if he killed enough sword puppets, then the Dragon Slashing Sword could recover!
The Sword Spirit Zhong Li could also detach itself from the Dragon Sword again?
However, looking at the densely packed Sword Puppets, although Chen Ping was tempted to rush over and kill them all in one go!
But in the end, he still held back, not to mention whether he had the ability to kill so many Sword Puppets at once, even if he had the ability, it would still take a lot of time!
Moreover, he had entered the Sword Washing Pool this time not only to kill the sword puppets, but to find the Sword Elder and ask the Sword Washing Pool what exactly was happening in the Sword Washing Pool!
Chen Ping continued to head deeper into the Sword Washing Pool all the way while dodging the large number of Sword Puppets!
When he encountered one or two or three of those sword puppets, Chen Ping did not hesitate to kill them!
Without realising it, Chen Ping had already gone deeper into the Sword Wash Pool, and the evil spirit Qi around him became more and more dense!
However, the deeper he went, the number of Sword Puppets decreased quite a bit, only for the strength of the Sword Puppets to increase at a geometric rate!
At the beginning, Chen Ping was instantly able to kill three or four sword puppets!
However, as he went deeper, it took some effort to kill even one sword puppet!
Luckily, the sword intent within the sword puppets had also significantly increased!
Soon, Chen Ping sensed the aura of formation talismans, which caused Chen Ping to frown slightly!
The last time he was at the bottom of the Sword Washing Pool, he had indeed discovered the formation and had also obtained the forging remnants of the formation!
In that case, the formation at the bottom of this pool would logically be broken, so why would there still be the scent of the formation talisman?
Chen Ping was very puzzled, so he accelerated his downstream speed!
When Chen Ping found the bottom of the pool, the whole person stepped in the mud and sand at the bottom of the pool, but the scent of the formation talisman became more and more intense!
“Could it be that there are other formations at the bottom of this pool?”
Chen Ping looked around with some confusion!
Just as Chen Ping was confused, a huge suction force suddenly arose under his feet, as if he was instantly pulled by his feet!
Chen Ping was startled, and his entire body rose up, wanting to get rid of that suction force!
However, the suction force was huge and created a huge vortex in the entire Sword Washing Pool!
Chen Ping’s body was rapidly being sucked inside!
“Holy shit, what’s going on? How is it that at the bottom of this Sword Washing Pool, there is still such a great suction force and a huge vortex?”
Chen Ping looked a little flustered, not knowing what was going on in this Sword Washing Pool!
Chen Ping’s entire body began to fall downwards, as if the place where he was was was not the bottom of the pool.
No matter how Chen Ping struggled, surprisingly, he could not get rid of this huge suction force at all!
In the end, Chen Ping could only resign himself to his fate, his eyes closed, letting the suction force bring him into the mud and sand at the bottom of the pool!