“Ji Meizhen, you’re the b*tch, don’t think everyone else doesn’t know, how many people have you slept with in the Ji family? A while ago you slept with three men, think no one knows?”
“You rotten b*tch, you still have the face to talk about me here ……”
Ji Meiyan was outputting at Ji Meizhen!
If she wanted to talk smack, Ji Miyan wasn’t scared of Ji Mizhen at all.
“You …………”
Ji Mei Zhen was furious and raised her sword with the intention of fighting!
However, it was stopped by Ji Yue “Little sister, don’t forget what we entered the Ancestral Ground for, if we want to fight we’ll wait until we get out.”
Ji Yue finished, then looked towards Ji Meiyan and said “Ji Meiyan, no matter what relationship you have with this Chen Ping, it is a fact that you sneak into the ancestral land first, after the ancestral land is closed, I will see how you explain, today we will not bother with you first!”
Ji Yue finished speaking and left with a wink towards Ji Meizhen and Qin Jingyu!
“Hmph, how I explain it is none of your business.”
Ji Meiyan snorted coldly, then complained “How could my father give the Giant Savage Palace’s Householder Order? Isn’t he senile?”
“The Ji Family Lord probably had no choice but to do so, he should have been forced to do so.”
Chen Ping knew that Ji Lianjun knew about Ji Lianying’s collusion with the Giant Barbarian Palace, so how could he possibly give the Giant Barbarian Palace’s Family Lord Order!
It must have been forced because of some reason!
“Forget about it for now, you’d better hurry up and absorb the Origin Breath, there’s no time if those guys come to make trouble.”
Ji Meiyan told Chen Ping to continue to go and kill the Origin Illusion Beasts and absorb the Origin Breath!
While Ji Yue and the three of them left, they headed deeper into the mountain pass, most of the Origin Illusionary Beasts were attracted by Chen Ping to be decimated, so they could only head even deeper!
“Brother, why did you stop me just now, within this Ancestral Land, even if we killed the two of them, who could know ah!”
Ji Mei Zhen was very dissatisfied and said to Ji Yue!
“Do you think they are that easy to deal with? Since that Chen Ping was able to break Grand Duke Qin’s arm, he must have decent strength.”
“And this guy is also a pharmacist, the main thing is that he followed Sixth Brother here, we can’t move him if we want to pull Sixth Brother in.”
“So before we understand what kind of power Third Uncle has now, it’s best not to move the people Sixth Brother brought with him.”
Ji Yue said to Ji Meizhen!
Once Ji Mei Zhen heard this, she felt that what Ji Yue said was reasonable, so she stopped saying anything!
The three continued to go deeper, slowly there were more Origin Illusionary Beasts, while Qin Jingyu was full of excitement, constantly killing Origin Illusionary Beasts!
As a barbarian, his physical strength was strong in itself, so even with his bare hands, there was no difficulty in decimating Origin Illusion Beasts!
“These Origin Illusionary Beasts are too weak, I still have to find some powerful Origin Illusionary Beasts before I can do that.”
Qin Jingyu said, and had to continue forward!
“Sir Qin, I’m afraid that it will be dangerous if we are moving forward, after all, we haven’t entered the depths of this mountain pass either.”
Ji Yue said to Qin Jingyu!
“What are you afraid of, with me here, even if it’s a powerful Origin Illusion Beast, I’ll easily decimate him.”
Qin Jingyu didn’t listen to Ji Yue’s discouragement at all and insisted on still continuing deeper!
Seeing this, Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen could only follow!
The three of them walked for another hour or so, as if they had come to the end of this mountain pass!
Only to see that there was no longer a road in front of them, a huge mountain peak blocking the way!
And on this mountain peak, there was a huge cave with a blackened opening, as if it was the bloody mouth of a fierce beast!
Looking at the cave in front of them, Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen were both a little unnerved, always feeling that there was something terrifying inside!
Qin Jingyu, on the other hand, was acting excited, because he knew that this cave was definitely hiding even more powerful Origin Illusion Beasts!
Maybe if he was here and killed an Origin Illusionary Beast, he would be able to make himself perceive the Origin!
“Let’s go, let’s go in and take a look ……”
Qin Jingyu said.