“Why don’t we exit first, today nothing is prepared, so it’s not possible to barge in like this.”
Hu Pazi said to Chen Ping persuasively.
“I’m trying once, it really does not work, we will exit ……”
Chen Ping was a little reluctant, and once again slowly approached towards the Heavenly Rune Sect’s gatehouse!
This time, Chen Ping walked very carefully, and every step brought the spiritual power in his body to the limit!
Buzz …………
Just as Chen Ping stepped into the doorway of the Heavenly Rune Sect, suddenly the void trembled!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was so frightened that he hurriedly retreated.
And at this moment in mid-air, with the shaking of the void, an old man with white hair actually appeared.
Just like a projection, mapped in the mid-air!
“Who are you people, quickly retreat ……”
The old man’s face was serious, his voice was icy cold as he roared.
Chen Ping was startled, a little overwhelmed to look at the old man in mid-air!
And that Hu Ma Zi fell to his knees with a poof: “Disciple, bow to the old ancestor ……”
“Who are you, quickly retreat ……”
The old man roared coldly again!
“Senior, we just admire the Heavenly Rune Sect’s art of runic spells and have come to ask for advice.”
Chen Ping said with a fist towards the old man.
“b*****d, this Heavenly Talisman Sect is a free access to you, if you do not quickly retreat, do not blame the old man rude ……”
After saying that, the old man in mid-air actually disappeared!
Immediately from the Heavenly Talisman Sect, a terrifying Qi energy shot out again!
This time, Chen Ping had already prepared, after the qi energy shot out, Chen Ping also met with a fist!
The golden fist flashed with light and directly met the qi energy!
Boom!
The huge collision caused the space to shake and roar!
And Chen Ping’s chest was tight, and his body kept retreating backwards!
“Chen Ping, let’s go, we must not be reckless in ……”
Hu Pazi got up, a pull on Chen Ping, and hurriedly fled towards the outside of the ruins!
“I did not expect that in these thousands of years of ancient ruins, there are really living people ……”
Chen Ping was full of amazement, did not expect to come across an old man.
“That’s not a living person, just an image that has survived for thousands of years using talismanic techniques ……”
“I did not expect that thousands of years ago, it was predicted that someone would come to grab the treasure of this Heavenly Rune Sect.”
Hu Pocky said with panic in his eyes.
Chen Ping looked at Hu Puzi that look, can guess, just Hu Puzi’s heart, is how fear!
“It seems that this Heavenly Rune Sect, we have to plan properly before we can, no wonder this Heavenly Rune Sect relic, will be behind that book it …………”
Chen Ping let out a long sigh!
He has the imperishable golden body protection, in addition to his perverted physique, even so, but also simply can not withstand the Heavenly Talisman Sect inside, randomly shot out of the strong qi.
What will come after that, no one dares to anticipate, no one can anticipate!
After coming out from the ancient ruins, the Broken Heart Patriarch was still waiting outside with his people!
Seeing that Chen Ping and Pocky Hu had come out alive, surprise and admiration flashed in his eyes!
“Mr. Chen, let’s go back to the clan to rest first ……”
The Broken Heart Patriarch saw Chen Ping and Hu Pazi covered in black and his face was gloomy, so he said.
Chen Ping nodded, and as he was leaving, he didn’t forget to look back at the entrance to the relic!
Now he has stepped into the Great Martial Marquis, but did not want to be tyrannized by unknown black-clothed people, and suppressed by Han Qing’er’s family’s underlings, which has already made Chen Ping very devastated!
But now even an ancient ruins can not explore and search, it seems that he needs to grow a long way!
And today’s martial world, the Great Martial Marquis is almost the strongest strength, Martial Saint is almost unheard of, it can be seen that the martial world follows the immortal cultivation world, not really a star and a half point worse than.
If it were not for the depletion of heaven and earth spiritual energy, giving the martial arts community the space to survive, in this society, where there is still the existence of the martial arts community!