“I’m just kidding with you, look at how scared you are!”
Su Yuqi smiled and walked into the villa!
Chen Ping let out a bitter smile and followed him in, in fact, after Su Yuqi had just said the words about meeting her parents, Chen Ping’s heart really throbbed!
He was just an ordinary person, while Su Yuqi was the Miss Su family’s eldest daughter, the difference in status between the two was too great, so Chen Ping was a bit scared!
“Dad, mum, this is the friend I told you about who lent me the house, Su Yuqi!”
Entering the villa, Chen Ping followed Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying and introduced them.
Once they heard that the house belonged to someone else, Tang Hongying and Chen Baoguo, who were originally sitting on the sofa, hurriedly stood up!
“Hello uncle, hello auntie, I came in a hurry and didn’t buy any gifts for you two!”
Su Yuqi said politely.
“Miss Su is very polite, for you to lend such a nice house to my family Chen Ping, our family doesn’t know what to say, if it wasn’t for you, I’m afraid we wouldn’t be able to live in such a nice house for the rest of our lives!”
Tang Hongying had a humble face, and after she finished, she pushed Chen Baoguo beside her, “Old man, hurry up and go and pour Miss Su’s tea!”
“Oh!”
Chen Baoguo nodded hastily!
Just now Chen Baoguo was dumbfounded, he really couldn’t imagine that Chen Ping had such a beautiful friend, and looking at Su Yuqi’s dress and temperament, she must be the daughter of a big family, and a luxurious one at that, otherwise she couldn’t possibly afford a villa in Pan Long Bay!
If Chen Baoguo knew that Su Yuqi was the daughter of Hongcheng’s richest man, Su Wenzong, he would probably be scared silly!
“Uncle, no need to be busy, I’ll just come by myself!”
Su Yuqi hurriedly greeted him and poured herself a cup of tea!
Then she poured a cup of red date tea for Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying each!
This was Su Yuqi’s home, so of course she knew where things were kept!
“Uncle, auntie, this is red date tea, it has a faint sweet taste, but it’s very effective in lowering fat and blood pressure, suitable for you old people!”
Su Yuqi put the tea in front of Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying!
“Miss Su is too polite, although I can’t see it, but I can hear it by listening to the voice, Miss Su is a beautiful beauty and has a kind heart, if anyone can marry Miss Su, it’s really a blessing in eight lifetimes!”
Tang Hongying said with words in her mouth.
No matter what Su Yuqi’s status was, the fact that she could lend such an expensive villa to Chen Ping was proof that she didn’t hate Chen Ping, or even had a good feeling towards him, otherwise ordinary friends, who would lend such an expensive villa!
So Tang Hongying thought to set up Su Yuqi’s words, to see what Su Yuqi meant!
“Auntie, I’m not as nice as you say, in fact I’m quite bad-tempered, Chen Ping dislikes my bad temper and has even yelled at me!”
How could Su Yuqi not hear the meaning of Tang Hongying’s words, so she smiled faintly and said half-jokingly.
“Is that so?” Tang Hongying was stunned and immediately waved her hand towards Su Yuqi and said, “Miss Su, you sit here with me, in fact, my family Chen Ping is usually quite honest, just like a stubborn donkey some times, this is just like his father, if he dares to yell at you again, you tell me, I will teach him a hard lesson for you!”
When Su Yuqi heard that, she giggled, “Like a stubborn donkey?”
While laughing, Su Yuqi didn’t forget to look at Chen Ping, causing Chen Ping to look embarra*sed!
“Mom, don’t talk nonsense about everything, people are still busy, they don’t have time to sit and chat with you!”
This was Chen Ping’s intention to let Su Yuqi leave, or else he might not know what Tang Hongying could say later!
“It’s alright, I like to follow my aunt and chat!”
Su Yuqi actually did sit next to Tang Hongying!
This time, Tang Hongying couldn’t stop smiling and grabbed Su Yuqi’s hand, and the two of them chatted for more than two hours until it was dark, and only then did Su Yuqi leave!