Chen Ping saw that Yun Wuya didn’t know either, so he decided to go take a look!
“Master Hu, you wait here. I’ll follow Sect Leader Yun to check it out!”
Chen Ping said to Hu Mazi!
“Chen Ping, be careful. That mountain peak seems strange, and it feels like there’s a sword intent surging!”
Hu Mazi warned Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, then flew over with Yun Wuya!
A distance of hundreds of miles took the two of them less than the time it takes to burn an incense stick to reach!
As they got closer to the mountain peak, Chen Ping realised that two large characters were carved on it: Sword Sect!
Earlier, due to the distance, he could only see the peak but hadn’t noticed the characters!
Seeing these two characters, Chen Ping was stunned!
Yun Wuya also frowned, murmuring, “Sword Sect, why haven’t I heard of it?”
“There are thousands, if not tens of thousands, of sects in the Third Heaven. You can’t possibly know them all.”
After speaking, Chen Ping looked up at the mountain peak. Up close, it gave off an intense sense of oppression!
The feeling, the momentum, was like surging ocean waves, one after another, as if it could destroy everything!
Chen Ping and Yun Wuya landed on the ground and walked to the base of the peak. Looking up, they couldn’t even see the top!
Standing on the ground, the sense of oppression was even stronger, making it difficult for both to breathe!
The mountain peak always felt like it was about to come crashing down.
“Mr. Chen, this… the oppression here is so strong!”
Yun Wuya was not only struggling to breathe but his legs were trembling!
They hadn’t even seen a single person from the Sword Sect, yet Yun Wuya was already shaking from the peak’s aura!
From this, it was clear that the Sword Sect’s strength must be countless times greater than that of the Qingyun Sect!
To cultivate here, facing the peak’s oppression every day, would truly temper one’s mind.
“This place is not simple!” Chen Ping said!
“Mr. Chen, why don’t we leave? There doesn’t seem to be any sign of life here. It might be the ruins of a sect long destroyed.”
Yun Wuya said!
“Since we’re here, let’s stay and explore. No need to be afraid!”
After speaking, Chen Ping leapt forward!
Yun Wuya,无奈, could only grit his teeth and follow.
When the two reached the back of the mountain, they saw a dilapidated great hall halfway up the slope, its size vast, spanning the area of hundreds of football fields!
However, much of the hall had collapsed, as if it had naturally fallen apart from years of neglect.
“Such strong sword intent. Could there be someone in this hall?”
Chen Ping stared at the hall, his brows furrowing!
“Mr. Chen, don’t joke. I can’t sense any trace of life at all!”
Yun Wuya had already extended his divine sense but detected no presence of anyone!
“I haven’t sensed anything either…”
In truth, Chen Ping hadn’t sensed any human presence either.
“Let’s take a look…” Chen Ping headed towards the dilapidated hall!
Yun Wuya followed reluctantly, his eyes constantly scanning the surroundings, extremely vigilant.
He felt this place was deeply strange, and there might be some danger.
Chen Ping and Yun Wuya reached the front of the hall, where they seemed utterly insignificant. But just as they landed, several beams of sword light shot out from within the ruined hall!
Yun Wuya was shocked, not expecting a sudden attack. He was about to resist, but Chen Ping grabbed him!
“Don’t move…”
Chen Ping held Yun Wuya, standing still without activating any defences!
As the sword beams reached them, they stopped as if controlled by someone, then shattered completely.