He knew that Luo Xiang had come for the Demon Subduing Tower.
The current Demon Subduing Tower had become nothing more than an ordinary tower, the real Demon Subduing Tower was already inside the storage ring, so there was no need for Chen Ping to stay behind.
“What I want is not just this tower ……”
Luo Xiang’s eyes flashed with greed: “I know you still have quite a few treasures on you, if you hand them all over, I can consider letting you go!”
Chen Ping frowned, so this Luo Xiang was not only after the Demon Subduing Tower, but also the treasures on his own body.
After taking a look around, Chen Ping knew that it would definitely not be easy to escape head-on.
And now that the Demon Subduing Tower behind him had turned into an ordinary tower and the prohibitions inside had disappeared, then he would be able to rush out from other directions.
Thinking of this, Chen Ping’s body quickly retreated back to the Demon Subduing Tower, and then swung a fierce punch towards a wall.
Rumble …………
A large hole was instantly smashed out of it, and Chen Ping hurriedly rushed out before condensing his spiritual energy into the palms of his feet and fleeing quickly.
“Quickly chase ……”
Luo Xiang didn’t expect Chen Ping to come out through the wall, so he led his men to rush into the Demon Subduing Tower, before chasing towards Chen Ping.
But just as Luo Xiang and the others had just entered the Demon Subduing Tower.
The Demon Tower suddenly began to collapse, bricks and stones and rubble kept falling and dust flew, directly burying Luo Xiang and his men inside.
Hearing the sound behind him, Chen Ping looked back at the collapsed Demon Tower and the corners of his mouth couldn’t help but lift slightly.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping’s figure quickly disappeared without a trace.
Clattering …………
Soon, from among the rubble, several figures scurried out.
These people were all at least Martial Sect strength, so these collapsing bricks and stones could not hurt them at all.
Only a few of them were dusty and looked in a very sorry state.
Luo Xiang looked around and found that Chen Ping had long since disappeared.
“Eldest Young Master ……”
Luo Jiu looked at Luo Xiang who was full of gloom and shouted softly.
“No matter where this Chen Ping escapes to, I must catch him ……”
Ruthlessness flashed in Luo Xiang’s eyes.
…………
After Chen Ping escaped, he took a plane without stopping to try to go back to Kyoto!
Just when he was at the airport, Zhao Liguo suddenly called Chen Ping.
When he received Zhao Liguo’s call, Chen Ping thought that something was wrong with the Shadowless Villa.
“Hall Master, you must not go back to Kyoto for a while, many sects and families are now looking for you with their fists in the air!”
Zhao Liguo said anxiously.
“Looking for me? What are you looking for me for? Have they been a*signed by the Martial Alliance to deal with me?”
Chen Ping asked with a frown.
If he had killed Guo Wei, Zhu Zhishan would definitely be furious and might use his status as the alliance leader of the Martial Dao Alliance to force the other sects and families to make a move against him.
“No, it’s not relevant to follow the Martial Dao Alliance, just look at the Martial Dao Forum yourself ……”
Zhao Liguo said.
Chen Ping hung up the phone and then opened the Martial Dao Forum, and soon a top message popped up.
It was posted anonymously by Ning Zhi, telling all about Chen Ping possessing the power of the divine dragon in his body, as well as the fusion of the dragon crystal.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s face grew grimmer and grimmer.
He knew that the message must have been sent by Ning Zhi, as only Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan knew the secret of the Dragon Crystal in his body.
With Gu Kaiyuan dead, of course he would not be posting.
It seemed that Ning Zhi had lost at his own hands and was very unhappy, so he had blown this out so that all the clans and families would follow him as an enemy.
After all, the allure of this divine dragon power was great.
“Looks like Kyoto can’t go back for now ……”
Chen Ping frowned as he returned the ticket in his hand and re-bought his ticket to Hongcheng!
He would have to go back to Hongcheng first and then choose a suitable place to hide in.