“Hoo …………”
Suddenly, the giant undead spat out a breath towards Chen Ping!
This breath of insidious air instantly caused the space around it to begin to freeze, countless white ice flowers, densely packed down the surrounding space, surrounded towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping only felt a cold wind hit him, and the next thing he knew, his surroundings turned white, and the air around him froze, as if Chen Ping was frozen in this space!
“Holy sh*t, is this guy so powerful? I should have known better than to come down and mess with him ……”
Chen Ping inwardly regretted, he didn’t expect this huge undead to be so powerful, just by spitting out a breath, he was actually trapped!
But now that he was trapped, Chen Ping had to get out of it to do so!
As the space around him was frozen, Chen Ping thought of his spirit fire, so with a flip of his palm, a light blue flame rose up!
As Chen Ping’s spirit power continued to increase, the spirit fire grew stronger and stronger, and was finally thrown fiercely towards the space in front of him!
Boom …………
The space trembled, and the condensed space really let out a sound of shattering, and in the end it was like gla*s, shattering instantly!
And the space around Chen Ping recovered, and that oppressive feeling disappeared!
“D*mn it, it’s not a rite to come ……”
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, and the Dragon Cutting Sword was burning with a blazing fire!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping leapt up and then slashed the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand viciously towards the head of that huge undead!
A bright golden light sliced through the sky and slashed fiercely at the giant undead’s head!
Clang ……
With a crisp sound, Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword slashed at the giant undead’s head, but it didn’t even produce the slightest scratch!
Not even the silver shining armor was able to scratch the slightest bit!
“This …………”
Chen Ping was dumbfounded, even if he had failed to injure the huge undead with his blow, how come there was not even a trace of the opponent’s armor?
The huge undead looked at Chen Ping, then then swung!
A huge breath instantly knocked Chen Ping out!
Chen Ping’s body was now like a bullet that had been fired, and it quickly crashed towards the mountain behind it!
Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body was burning up under the tremendous friction with the air, and at this moment, Chen Ping was like a ball of fire!
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s body smashed heavily into the stone wall, setting directly into the mountain for more than ten meters!
It was half a day before Chen Ping crawled out with difficulty, his imperishable golden body long gone, his clothes in rags like a beggar, and the corners of his mouth covered in blood!
“It’s too f*cking sick …………”
Chen Ping looked at the huge undead and couldn’t help but curse!
Chen Ping now knew that he was no match for this huge undead, not to mention himself, even if Qu Yunchang, who was an 8th grade Martial Emperor, came, he would still be smacked away!
Looking at the huge undead coming towards him, Chen Ping hurriedly took a deep breath and leapt upwards, fleeing towards the top of the mountain peak!
When Chen Ping reached the top of the mountain, he saw countless undead crawling up behind him!
Chen Ping was already injured, so he could only grit his teeth and keep swinging with his Dragon Slashing Sword!
But the undead kept climbing upwards endlessly!
But soon, Chen Ping thought of something and hurriedly took out the God King’s Bow from his storage ring!
Chen Ping thrust the God King’s Bow on the ground, and it instantly emitted a bright golden light!
Those undead who had climbed up the mountain peak instantly disappeared without a trace under this golden light!
Seeing this, the undead at the bottom of the mountain began to retreat, even the huge undead, after seeing the golden light emanating from the God King’s Bow, retreated far backwards!