“He is not an evil cultivator ……”
Just at this time, Mr. Shi suddenly spoke up.
Mr. Shi’s words proved to directly remove the evil cultivator’s hat that Zhu Zhishan had put on him for Chen Ping.
“Mr. Shi, how can this Chen Ping prove that he is not an evil cultivator?”
Zhu Zhishan had the courage to question Mr. Shi.
“Because in front of me, no evil spirit can escape my eyes ……”
When Mr. Shi finished speaking, he flicked his palm!
Only a white and soft glow was seen, instantly enveloping Chen Ping.
Chen Ping personally felt very comfortable instantly, as if he was soaking in a hot spring.
This ball of white light surrounded Chen Ping, constantly circling around and finally slowly dissipating.
Seeing this scene, everyone could not help but marvel, for they could be sure that Chen Ping was not possessed by an evil spirit.
As for that Zhu Zhishan, he sat down on his chair with a start.
It seemed that Chen Ping really was not possessed by an evil spirit, for they had all seen Mr. Shi’s methods before, and if he was really possessed by an evil spirit, he would definitely be in force under this soft light.
But since Chen Ping was not possessed by an evil spirit, how could his strength have increased so rapidly?
Zhu Zhishan could not figure it out, nor could he understand it, but Long Jingguo, who was sitting on one side, had not said a word and was watching Chen Ping with interest.
This physique of Chen Ping’s, the gongfu that Chen Ping was practicing, was exactly what he wanted.
“Alright, this is the end of the day, you all pay more attention, if you find the whereabouts of the man in black, report it immediately!”
Mr. Shi waved his hand, and this biggest meeting ever was over so quickly.
Many of the people in charge of the clans and families were dumbfounded.
They didn’t understand, if Mr. Shi was just talking about the matter of the man in black, he could have issued a circular, so why did he have to go to all the trouble of summoning them all here?
Yet now they had ended this meeting so quickly?
Although the crowd was dumbfounded, no one dared to question Mr. Shi, so they could only get up and leave.
Zhu Zhishan’s face changed again and again before he finally gritted his teeth and looked at Mr. Shi, “Mr. Shi, that Chen Ping killed someone from my Martial Alliance in the meeting hall, shouldn’t he give me an explanation?”
When the others saw that Zhu Zhishan was going to follow Mr. Shi’s lead, they all looked at him in surprise.
Zhu Zhishan himself knew that this was all he could do now, or his life would be in danger!
Mr Shi looked coldly at Zhu Zhishan and then said, “How can I explain to you? Do you want to make a move in this venue too?”
Looking at Mr. Shi’s cold eyes, Zhu Zhishan hurriedly lowered his head, “I don’t dare!”
“Humph, since you don’t dare, then get out!”
Mr. Shi snorted coldly, “If I said I would handle it, I will definitely handle it ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s body trembled, then he gave Chen Ping a fierce glare and hurriedly led those from the Martial Alliance out of the Protector’s Pavilion!
After Zhu Zhishan led the men away, Mr. Shi looked at Chen Ping and said with an icy expression on his face, “Chen Ping, you have too much guts to dare to kill someone in the meeting hall?”
“Do you think I don’t dare to make a move against you? Or do you think you are very impressive?”
The aura emanating from Mr. Shi’s body scared Dong Liqun and Dong Jiahao behind Chen Ping, while Chen Ping did not change his face.
“Mr. Shi, isn’t this what you want to see?”
Chen Ping said with a hint of a smile.
Mr Shi faintly stared and shot a glance at Chen Ping: “What do you mean by that?”
“Mr. Shi was late in arriving and left me for so long, didn’t he just want me to mess up the venue?”
“The water is muddy so that the fish can come out, isn’t that what Mr. Shi wants?”
Chen Ping said with a bemused expression.
“Hahahaha, you kid …………”
Mr. Shi laughed, and the coldness on his face instantly disappeared, “But the water you muddied up, deal with it yourself, and I don’t care if you live or die when you walk out of the Protector’s Pavilion ……”