Chen Ping still didn’t say a word, his face was full of tension, if they startled the war soldiers in this city, these few of them, I’m afraid that it would be really bad to escape.
“Xian son-in-law, if we go around this place, I’m afraid that we will have to walk a long way again, and we will also run into other barriers!”
Bai Yi said to Chen Ping!
It was already here, the mountain range was close by, if we were to make a detour, it would be a waste of time.
“We must detour, this is not a city at all, but a huge barracks filled with heavily armed war soldiers, estimated to be in the tens of thousands.”
Chen Ping said after Bai Yi and Crazy Fairy!
“Detour, immediately detour ……”
Once Crazy Fairy and Bai Yi heard this, the two of them ran even faster than Chen Ping.
In order to bypass this city and enter the mountain range from another direction, Chen Ping and the others had travelled hundreds of miles more.
But soon, in front of them, another city appeared!
Only this city was obviously much smaller, and on top of the city gates, there stood a large number of war soldiers in black armour.
Chen Ping had just approached the city, which was still hundreds of miles away, when they saw a large number of war soldiers flying out of the city!
These war soldiers came straight towards Chen Ping’s location where they were.
“Quickly hide your breath, who leaked their breath?”
Chen Ping was shocked at the sight, they had clearly hidden all their breath, it was impossible that they would be discovered by those war soldiers at such a distance.
“It’s me ……,” Niu Ben said with some embarrassment.
It turned out that this guy had been hiding his breath for a long time and his kung fu was not good enough, and he ended up leaking his breath.
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only wave his hand and a barrier appeared, covering up all the breath of the several people and then quickly left his original position!
A large number of battle soldiers surrounded the place where Chen Ping and the others started, but did not find anyone.
“Look, they definitely can’t run far.”
The war soldier captain immediately ordered his men to look around!
Chen Ping and the others, on the other hand, took advantage of the emptiness of the city and quickly tried to rush through that city.
But just as Chen Ping and the others sneaked under the city, another group of war soldiers suddenly rushed out from the city!
This time, both sides did not anticipate it and met like this!
Brush ……
Chen Ping reacted quickly, and in an instant, the Dragon Slashing Sword struck out, ten thousand sword qi chopping towards the war soldiers in front of him!
Before these war soldiers could react, they all died tragically on the spot.
Chen Ping then had flames pulsating in his palms, and then a to fire that directly burned these corpses to ashes.
With so many corpses dumped at the city gates, they would soon be discovered.
Now that Chen Ping had destroyed the corpses, it would take some time for the other party to find them!
“Go ……”
A few people flew into the sky and directly rushed through the middle of that city.
Because there were no war soldiers guarding the city, there was no attention paid to the movements of Chen Ping and the few of them!
After passing through this city, the mountain range was finally close to their eyes, a continuous mountain range that looked like it couldn’t be seen at a glance, many times larger than the Heavenly Demon Mountain in the Celestial Realm.
“Let’s go, above this mountain range, there will be fewer cities, after crossing this mountain range, we will arrive at the other Beast Race boundaries, and we won’t have to hide in the east and west .Hide.”
Chen Ping said with a long breath as he saw the majestic mountain range in front of him!
The manpower and financial resources needed to build a city on top of a mountain range was huge, so when they reached this mountain range, the city of Fei Hu City was obviously a lot less.
Chen Ping and the others travelled along the mountain range at a fast pace for a thousand miles without seeing a single city in sight.
“Brother Chen, can we take a break ah, I can’t keep up a bit.”
Ben Niu gasped and said.
After all, Ben Niu was still small, and there was no way to quickly make up for the depleted energy in his body, so he had to rest.
“Alright, take a rest, all of you don’t run around, I’ll go to the front and take a look!”
Chen Ping simply laid down an illusion formation, allowing Crazy Immortal and the others to enter the illusion formation, if someone passed by, they would not find them.