“You still know this technique?” Chen Ping looked at Bai Shao in surprise!
“I know a lot of things, guess how much you know about me.”
Bai Shallow finished speaking and walked over to the sleeping Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan!
Only to see Bai Shallow slowly open her mouth and a fiery red bead floated out of her mouth!
The bead then continued to rotate around Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan’s heads while Bai Shallow placed her hand on top of the two girls’ heads!
A red light wrapped the two girls!
Bai Shao’s body was trembling slightly, and her forehead was covered in a fine sweat!
The fire phoenix looked at Bai Shao that way and said “Master, casting the Soul Severing Technique is very consuming, now it’s even more so to cast it on two people at once, I guess after casting it, Bai Shao will have to find a place to recover.”
After Chen Ping heard this, he could not help but look at Bai Shallow, and his impression of Bai Shallow had changed quite a bit!
Originally, Chen Ping had been forced by Bai Shallow to do some exercises throughout the day, making Chen Ping feel very uncomfortable in his heart!
But there was no way around it, right now he still needed Bai Shallow’s help!
But now, his opinion of Bai Shallow had changed!
In this way, when the two were together, Chen Ping might be able to give more emotion and devote himself physically and mentally!
A few moments later, two black qi surged out of Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan’s bodies and were directly inhaled by Bai Shallow!
Bai Shallow swallowed the beads back into her stomach and slowly stood up!
“Alright, this memory has been erased, but they must leave the Divine Demon Battlefield and possess not come back.”
“As long as they don’t see the scenes here, they shouldn’t be able to evoke this part of their memories, and their lives in the future won’t be affected.”
Bai Shao said as she wiped the cold sweat from her forehead!
Seeing this, Elder Miao and Cai Hongwei hurriedly knelt down, their faces full of gratitude and said “Thank you, Fellow Daoist ……”
“No need for that!” Bai Shao was somewhat flattered and hurriedly helped the two up!
Elder Miao and Cai Hongwei picked up Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan and then followed Chen Ping to say goodbye!
They were leaving the Divine Demon Battlefield, and to them, what treasures they obtained were not as important as their loved ones!
The few cultivators who had followed Elder Miao and the others who were still alive were also prepared to follow and leave together!
In this Divine Demon Battlefield, with this amount of strength, they were simply sending themselves to their deaths!
Not to mention that they were all loose cultivators and were prey to those sects!
Even if they obtained treasures, I’m afraid they wouldn’t be able to take them out of the Divine Demon Battlefield.
The Celestial Realm was just so cruel!
“Ji Yun, Luo Xi, the two of you should also follow Elder Miao and the others to leave the Divine Demon Battlefield. ”
“It’s too dangerous here, and I won’t be able to protect you when we encounter danger.”
“Miss Luo, when you go out, follow Valley Master Luo and tell him that I will give a portion of what I obtained in the Divine Demon Battlefield to your Blood Spirit Valley.”
Chen Ping still needed Bai Shao’s help right now in order to not be afraid of that Qi Peijia’s threat, so there was no way for him to protect the others!
Ji Yun was injured and it was useless to stay in the Divine Demon Battlefield, so he needed to go out to recuperate!
As for Luo Xi, he was there to train in the Divine Demon Battlefield, but the brutality of the Divine Demon Battlefield was now beyond Luo Shouhai’s imagination!
If Luo Xi really appeared to do the same thing as Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan, Chen Ping didn’t know how to follow Luo Shouhai to explain.
That was why he had allowed Ji Yun to follow Luo Xi and leave the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Chen Ping did not let the fire phoenix leave because the fire phoenix had a great relationship with Bai Shao, and with Bai Shao around, he would definitely not let the fire phoenix be threatened!
Ji Yun followed Luo Xi and nodded, they also knew that Chen Ping was thinking about them, so they followed Elder Miao and the others to leave the Divine Demon Battlefield!
“Miss Bai, you have consumed a huge amount of your power, let’s just find a secluded place and recover for the time being.”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Bai Shallow whose face was somewhat less than favourable!
Hearing Chen Ping’s concern for herself, Bai Shallow slightly froze and looked at Chen Ping before nodding her head!
But just as Chen Ping and the others were about to find a hidden place to rest, the Monkey King jumped out!