The girl in blue was only in her teens, but she was also already at the realm of Grand Master, so it was clear that her talent was also extremely good.
“Let me ask you, is your name Chen Ping?”
The girl in blue asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was stunned, then nodded, “Yes, how do you know me?”
Chen Ping was amazed at how this girl could hand over her name.
One had to know that one had never been to this place before, and besides, this place was thousands of miles away from Hongcheng, and Chen Ping had never been here even in all his life.
Moreover, Chen Ping was sure that he had never seen the girl in front of him either.
“It really is you, I just looked very much like you!”
When the girl saw Chen Ping admit it, she instantly became happy and hurriedly ran in front of Chen Ping, looking at him with an adoring gaze, “I’ve seen you on the martial arts forum, and you also defeated Long Xiao and killed Guo Wei, the director of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union.”
“A few days ago, did you even destroy several clan families in Kyoto and directly call out the Ning Family?”
“You are my idol ah, I like you too much, I still want to go over to Kyoto to look for you, but my sister won’t let ……”
The girl looked at Chen Ping with a happy face, and there was a bit of restraint in her happiness.
Chen Ping was a little surprised, he destroyed the Ning family that several affiliated lineage, this is only a few days lineage, but even spread to here?
It seemed that he had really become somewhat famous in the martial arts world.
However, Chen Ping did not know if this was good or bad for him ……
“I ……”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, he now seemed to have the feeling of being a star being hounded!
But looking at this teenage fan girl in front of him, fortunately she didn’t go to Kyoto to find herself, if something really happened on the road, then Chen Ping would be considered one of the culprits.
“Come with me, I’ll take you to see my sister, my sister will be overjoyed to see you.”
The girl went up and took Chen Ping’s arm, and walked towards the Red Lotus Palace, saying as she walked, “My name is Xiao Min, my sister can like you too, she secretly reads your news on the forum, and saves your photos, and thinks I don’t know about it!”
With that, Chen Ping was pulled by Xiao Min and walked forward helplessly.
On this journey, Chen Ping saw many girls wearing purple clothes, all of whom showed a respectful look after seeing Xiao Min.
Among these girls in purple clothes, there were also some in white clothes weaving in and out.
However, it was obvious that there were very few girls wearing white clothes.
Looking at the many girls, Chen Ping somewhat sighed if he had entered the land of daughters.
The girls also looked at him with amazement, and then whispered timidly.
This made Chen Ping a little embarra*sed, and he could only slightly lower his head, not daring to look around as he followed Minnie all the way forward.
“Mandy, your Red Lotus Palace, are you all women?”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
“Yes, our Red Lotus Palace is all female disciples, the ancestral training does not allow for male disciples, and all these female disciples must be innocent to be accepted.”
Xiao Min said as she followed Chen Ping unapologetically.
Xiaomin then began to introduce the Red Lotus Palace to Chen Ping, and also gave the history of the Red Lotus Palace.
She simply didn’t treat Chen Ping as an outsider, and this trust and enthusiasm from Xiao Min warmed Chen Ping’s heart.
But looking at those girls in the Red Lotus Palace, and all of them were innocent, wouldn’t this place be a man’s paradise?
I’m sure this place would definitely suffer from the prying eyes of many men.
It was no wonder that this Red Lotus Palace would lay down such a large illusion formation to hide the entire Red Lotus Palace, so that it would save a lot of trouble.
Chen Ping was led by Minnie and soon arrived in front of a house that resembled a palace.
Minnie led Chen Ping inside, and the guards at the entrance did not stop him.
Once inside, Minnie was in front of a room door and knocked on it.