Right at this moment, there was a sudden flash of light in the room, followed by a long sound!
Along with the door of the room opening, Divine Doctor Liu slowly said “All of you come in, Patriarch Jiang has woken up ……”
Hearing that their ten points had woken up, Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian then quickly rushed in!
“Master ……”
The two people lay down on the bed and cried with an emotional expression!
At this time, Patriarch Jiang, his face was flushed, even that white hair had turned black, as if he had become many years younger all of a sudden!
Just now, he was a white-haired, dying old man, and a few moments later, he turned into this appearance!
“What are you crying about, I’m not already better!”
Patriarch Jiang said with a faint smile!
“Master ……” Jiang Yulian and also Zheng Jian were still crying!
Patriarch Jiang frowned slightly, then as if he remembered something, he asked the two, “Where are the brothers who went with you to dig the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng?”
Patriarch Jiang’s words made the two people cry even more!
At this time, the skinny Soul Demon Sect member on the side said “Master, the other brothers and sisters were all sucked into the Devil Swallowing Cave, only Senior Sister Jiang and Senior Brother Zheng came back, and on the way, they were chased and killed, and they were robbed of the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!”
“What happened?” Patriarch Jiang froze, then inquired!
“Master, a dozen of our senior brothers were all sucked inside the Devil Swallowing Cave and never came out again.”
“After I followed my senior brother and dug up the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, I was chased by several people who suddenly appeared, and they wanted to snatch our Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng.”
“And all of these people also had Soul Stabilising Beads in their hands, and my senior brother and I had no way of taking them with our Kung Fu.”
“That Soul Defining Bead belongs to our Soul Demon Sect, there must be a traitor within our Soul Demon Sect, very few people know about digging up the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, while those few people know about it, someone must have revealed the information!”
Jiang Yulian cried!
When Patriarch Jiang heard this, he was instantly enraged!
“Order all the members of the Soul Demon Sect, no one is allowed to take a step away from the sect, otherwise they will be treated as traitors.”
“I must find out what exactly betrayed the sect, I’ll break him into pieces.”
Patriarch Jiang roared angrily!
“Patriarch Jiang, you’ve just recovered, it’s better to rest your anger, it’s not good for your body.”
“Since Patriarch Jiang is fine, then I should go!”
Divine Doctor Liu persuaded Patriarch Jiang, then prepared to turn around and leave!
“Divine Doctor Liu, thank you so much, my Soul Demon Sect is unable to repay you, as long as Divine Doctor Liu can be useful to me, my Soul Demon Sect will never excuse myself.”
Patriarch Jiang scrambled to get up, and was grateful to Divine Doctor Liu!
“Patriarch Jiang is polite, as a pharmacist, it’s only right for me to treat the sick and save people, you don’t have to be so polite.”
“If there’s any subsequent discomfort, you can go find me ……”
Divine Doctor Liu said very politely!
“Definitely, definitely ……”
Patriarch Jiang personally escorted Divine Doctor Liu outwards!
Chen Ping stared at that Divine Doctor Liu with a few suspicions in his eyes as he had actually felt the faint aura of the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng from that Divine Doctor Liu’s body!
Although this Divine Doctor Liu was trying his best to conceal the aura of the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, Chen Ping still detected it!
There was also the living and breathing Patriarch Jiang!
Although it looked like Patriarch Jiang was much stronger now, and his hair had turned black, however, the vitality aura within Patriarch Jiang’s body was very scarce!
Instead, in his chest, dead Qi was piling up, and it was estimated that it wouldn’t take long for the dead Qi to spread and Patriarch Jiang would die!
The reason why the current Patriarch Jiang was able to be like this was said to be like a flashback!
That divine Doctor Liu had used his own means to stimulate the last breath of life in Patriarch Jiang’s body, which made Patriarch Jiang look like he had recovered!