“Five hundred?”Chen Ping almost didn’t laugh out loud!
Wu Bai Purple Gold Spirit Coins were simply child’s play for Chen Ping, a hairy, nine oxen and one hair of existence!
But to Missy, it was an astronomical sum!
Regardless of whether it was the Secular Realm or the Celestial Realm, there was ultimately a gap between people!
There are people who are willing to smash the pots and pans for the sake of a hundred thousand medical bills, but they can’t scrape it together and have to wait for death!
Some people eat a hundred thousand pieces of caviar for a mouthful of caviar, and still say it doesn’t matter!
This was the gap, and it had been like this throughout the ages!
“Five hundred purple gold spirit coins is indeed more, but this is the rules of Beast City, there’s no way around it.”
“Wait for me to sell this Immortal Spirit Stone and then go to the prison to make some points, so that my brother will suffer less.”
The youngest sister thought that Chen Ping was frightened by the five hundred purple gold spirit coins!
“Let’s go, didn’t you say that you know of a place where Immortal Spirit Stones are purchased at a high price, take me there.”
Chen Ping said!
The youngest sister nodded, and then led Chen Ping around in the Beast City!
Missy knew that Chen Ping had not been to Beast City before, so she introduced Chen Ping to some of the buildings in Beast City!
There are also selling pills, refining weapons, trading workshops and other places, there are some better inns, where there is a ring competition ……
Listening to the introduction of the youngest sister, Chen Ping also probably understood quite a lot about this Beast City!
“Missy, how do you know so much about Beast City? And why was your brother captured?”
Chen Ping found that the youngest sister did not live in the Beast City, but was familiar with everything in the Beast City!
The other thing was why exactly her brother was captured, Chen Ping still did not know!
“My brother and I often come to Beast City to sell some Immortal Herb Spirit Stones, so we are familiar with Beast City.”
“My brother was captured because …… because ……”
The youngest sister hesitated, looking like she didn’t want to say!
“Well, if you don’t want to say it, you don’t have to say it, let’s go!”
Chen Ping did not force, as for the youngest sister why her brother was arrested, Chen Ping is not very want to know!
The youngest sister led Chen Ping around left and right, and finally walked into a not very large hutong, and then stopped in front of an ancient looking courtyard door!
“This is where the highest price is charged for Immortal Spirit Stones.”
Missy said as she pointed at that courtyard!
Chen Ping saw that the door of that courtyard house was tightly closed, where was the appearance of doing business!
“There’s no one here either?”
Chen Ping said!
The youngest sister did not speak, but went forward and began to knock on the door!
Three long and one short, directly after knocking three times, the door was opened!
The one who opened the door was a child who looked to be in his teens!
However, Chen Ping knew that in a place like the Celestial Realm, there was no way to tell a person’s true age simply by looking at their appearance!
Perhaps this child in front of him had lived for hundreds of years!
After that child opened the door, he looked in all directions and then asked to Missy, “Heaven and earth are boundless ……”
“The deep sea has no boundaries ……”
The youngest sister followed suit!
“Come in!”The child dodged away, allowing Missy Sister to lead Chen Ping inside!
Chen Ping looked at this scene, and his entire being was confused!
How did the youngest sister follow the child as if she was using a code word?
It is not just selling an immortal spirit stone, how to make it so mysterious?
After Chen Ping walked into the courtyard, he looked around very cautiously.
“There’s no need to be nervous, it’s safe here, not to mention in Beast City, no one dares to use force!”
Missy could see Chen Ping’s caution and said!
“What kind of place did you bring me to? This doesn’t seem like a place to do business either ah?”
“And also to the code word to, make it look like some secret base!”
Chen Ping whispered to Missy!
“Don’t worry, it’s fine, I’m familiar with this place.”The youngest sister said!
Chen Ping saw the situation, also no longer say anything, followed the youngest sister was that child led into the room!
The room is not big, but inside this room even laid a shielding array!