“Yuqi?”
Chen Ping stared at Su Yuqi in shock, his eyes filled with confusion and astonishment!
Pfft!
While Chen Ping was still reeling in disbelief, Su Yuqi’s longsword had already pierced through his body!
Gazing at the sword that had run him through, Chen Ping’s face was full of bewilderment, “Yuqi, why, why is this happening?”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi, yet there wasn’t the slightest hint of blame in his eyes!
Su Yuqi, meeting Chen Ping’s gaze, frowned slightly, her expression visibly uneasy!
Swish!
Su Yuqi withdrew her sword and quickly put distance between herself and Chen Ping!
Chen Ping collapsed to the ground, blood gushing out like a fountain!
“Yuqi…” Chen Ping struggled to stand, but the sword wound in his abdomen was surrounded by burning flames!
The pain made it impossible for him to rise!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi burst into maniacal laughter, “Hahaha, Chen Ping, I never thought you’d see a day like this!”
“We’re heading to the Celestial Realm now, you can go to hell on your own!”
With that, Ning Zhi grabbed Su Yuqi and started walking towards the white guiding light!
Su Yuqi glanced back at Chen Ping, her face showing a trace of anguish.
“Junior Brother, does this man know me?” Su Yuqi asked!
“Senior Sister, you don’t know him at all, he’s just a bad person. By killing him, you’ve avenged me!”
Ning Zhi deceived Su Yuqi, and then the two stepped into the white light!
“Yuqi…”
Chen Ping roared, but he was powerless to stop them, only able to watch helplessly as Ning Zhi and Su Yuqi’s figures vanished!
Chen Ping’s vision darkened, and he passed out completely!
He didn’t know how much time had passed, but when Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, he found himself inside the Jade Cauldron Sect!
Lin Chong, Lin Kefan, Lin Keting, Hua Yueying, Liu Ruyan, Yi He, Yi Sha, Huo Feng, Bai Qian, Yu Jiameng, Gao Qilan, Ji Yun…
Everyone was looking at him, and when they saw Chen Ping awaken, smiles spread across all their faces!
“Mr. Chen, you’re awake!”
“Chen Ping, you’re finally awake!”
“Master, that’s wonderful, you’ve finally woken up!”
Everyone was incredibly excited!
“How long was I unconscious?” Chen Ping got up, shaking his dizzy head as he asked!
“Mr. Chen, you’ve been out for three months!” Lin Chong said!
“Three months?” Chen Ping was startled and immediately rushed out of the Jade Cauldron Sect!
He knew the Heavenly Ladder only existed for three months, and if that time passed and it disappeared, he’d have no way to reach the Celestial Realm to find Su Yuqi!
With Su Yuqi by Ning Zhi’s side, Chen Ping couldn’t rest easy. If that bastard Ning Zhi ended up putting a green hat on him, Chen Ping figured he wouldn’t want to live anymore!
But when Chen Ping dashed out of the Jade Cauldron Sect, he looked to the horizon and saw that the Heavenly Ladder still stood tall between heaven and earth!
Seeing this, Chen Ping let out a long sigh of relief!
At that moment, inside the Heavenly Ladder, the boy looked at the old man and said, “Master, the time’s up, we should leave!”
“Fart, who told you the time’s up?” the old man snapped!
“It’s been three months, I’ve been keeping track!” the boy insisted firmly.
The old man slapped the boy across the face, “If I say it’s not over, it’s not over, stay put!”
The boy shot the old man a glare, knowing his master was waiting for Chen Ping!
As long as Chen Ping didn’t step into the Heavenly Ladder and enter the guiding passage, it seemed their master-disciple duo wouldn’t be leaving anytime soon!
“Mr. Chen, the nine-layered worlds of this Heavenly Ladder closed long ago, yet it still hasn’t left, and we don’t know why!”
Lin Chong said to Chen Ping!
“I might know why!” Chen Ping gave a faint smile!
He understood that the Heavenly Ladder was definitely waiting for him!
Since he now knew the Heavenly Ladder wouldn’t disappear, Chen Ping was in no rush!
Ning Zhi and Su Yuqi had already reached the Celestial Realm, and even if Chen Ping chased after them now, he wouldn’t be able to find them in a short time!