As the crowd got closer and closer, a momentary flash of surprise pa*sed through Jin Yuan’s eyes!
“Chen Ping?”
Jin Yuan didn’t expect that the one walking at the front was actually Chen Ping, while behind Chen Ping were Ge Cansheng and Jiang Wu Ya!
“What are they doing here? Are they surrendering?” Jin Yuan frowned slightly as his body leapt down and he hurriedly ran into the room to tell his father about this!
But when Jin Yuan ran in, he found that Jin Li Fu was already drunk and sound asleep!
Seeing this, Jin Yuan could only lead the way towards the door of Chopping Moon Pavilion by himself!
Because the place was protected by a formation, and because the number of disciples in the Zhangyue Pavilion had multiplied, Jin Yuan was not afraid to face Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya alone!
At this moment, Chen Ping had already led his men to the door of the Zhan Yue Pavilion.
Ge Cansheng pointed to the tall towers around him and said, “Mr. Chen, these tall towers are the pillars of the Zhangyue Pavilion’s formations, such a large spell formation requires a staggering amount of energy, and the requirements for those who set up the formations are very harsh!”
“That’s why the Zhangyue Pavilion dismantled that huge formation into smaller formations one by one, and then connected them with these tall towers, which are topped with purple crystals to supply the huge consumption of the formation!”
Ge Cang Sheng gave Chen Ping a detailed description of the situation of the Moon Chopping Pavilion!
Chen Ping just swept a glance at the formation of the Chopping Moon Pavilion and smiled coldly “This kind of spliced formation is full of loopholes, it is not enough to be feared ……”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, Jin Yuan led his men out!
“What a big mouth, to say that our formation is full of loopholes and not enough to be feared? Do you know that our Zhan Yue Pavilion’s formation has never been broken by anyone, including Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya behind you, ask them if they can get past this formation of ours?”
Jin Yuan said smugly!
“No one has ever broken it before, that’s because I didn’t come, if I had come, this broken formation of yours, would have been broken long ago ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“I pooh, you just bragging, now you break one I see?”
“I’ll be waiting for you inside, break it if you have the guts, I’d like to see how much you have to be able to do.”
Jin Yuan spat fiercely towards Chen Ping, he didn’t believe that Chen Ping could break this spell formation at all!
Even people like Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya couldn’t break it, but Chen Ping could break it, wasn’t that a joke!
“Just to break this broken formation of yours, you don’t even need me to do it ……”
“My little brother would be able to break it for you.”
Chen Ping said disdainfully!
“Little brother?” Jin Yuan froze!
Even Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya froze, not understanding who Chen Ping was referring to as his little brother!
But just as Chen Ping’s words fell, a cry rang out, followed by a fire phoenix spreading its wings!
After hovering a few times above Chen Ping’s head, it slowly landed next to Chen Ping and took the form of a woman!
“Master ……” the fire phoenix respectfully shouted after Chen Ping.
When Jin Yuan saw the Fire Phoenix’s appearance, his harrumphs instantly flowed out!
“Is this …… a divine beast? It’s actually able to transform into a human form, and it’s so beautiful ……”
Jin Yuan’s eyes were lustful as he looked at the fire phoenix!
Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya also looked at the fire phoenix in shock, but they knew that a demonic beast that could transform into a human form at will must not be low in strength!
And this wasn’t even a demonic beast, this was a fire phoenix, a true divine beast!
They couldn’t understand how Chen Ping could have obtained a divine beast.
And it opened its mouth and called after Chen Ping as master, clearly listening to Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen, is this what you call a little brother?”
Jiang Wu Ya asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
He thought the little brother Chen Ping was talking about was this fire phoenix!
“This is my woman, my little brother is in the back ……”
Chen Ping finished and glanced at the fire phoenix!
The fire phoenix nodded, and then the entire earth began to tremble!