Provincial city, in a modest restaurant!
Although several days had pa*sed since Chen Ping had decapitated Jiang Zhengzhong and that Master Fuzzy, the heat was still on, and the crowd was still discussing the matter after tea and dinner!
“You guys didn’t even see it, that Chen Ping was simply a divine tactic, the Jiang family master was on his knees, not to mention how wretched he was, and still ended up being slapped to death!”
“There was also that immortal-looking guy, who looked like a sorcerer, but he had several little kids with him, but they were all swallowed by Chen Ping!”
“That Chen Ping is so young, he’s probably unrivalled in the whole province.
“You don’t know, I heard that Chen Ping is an immortal reincarnation, at that time in the ring, several immortals came down to protect Chen Ping.”
At a table, a few young men were drinking and talking about what happened in the ring the other day!
In fact, most of them had not seen the scene and had only heard the rumours, but the rumours were getting more and more mysterious!
At a nearby table, a man in a long robe was eating with his head down, but this man had his ears pricked up, listening to the chatter of some young men next door.
“Brother, what were you guys just talking about? It’s kids and gods again, it’s so mysterious ……”
The robed man walked next door with his gla*s of wine and asked the few young men who were talking about it.
A few young people looked up, and one of them said, “You’re not from the provincial capital, are you?”
The robed man shook his head, “I’m from the southwest, I’m here on business!”
“No wonder then, you don’t even know about such a big thing, let me tell you, a big event happened recently in our provincial city, there was a young handsome man called Chen Ping, just in his twenties, who directly killed an Inner Strength Grandmaster, and there was also a man called …… something called Master Bu Dou, who was also killed, I heard That person is from your southwest!”
One of the young men explained!
When the robed man heard that, a cold aura flashed in his eyes, but it was just a flash, then he smiled slightly and said, “This Chen Ping guy is really powerful, he was able to defeat an Inner Strength Grandmaster, I wonder where he lives?”
“What? You want to have a sparring session with him? But let me tell you, don’t waste your time, he doesn’t want to see anyone, many of the patriarchs have gone to see him, but they have all been welcomed back.
A young man said as he pointed in the direction of the Jiang family villa.
A cold aura emanated from the robed man’s body, and after taking a glance at the location of the Jiang family villa, he turned around and left!
Outside the Jiang family villa!
Lin Tianhu had been guarding it for several days, for fear that someone would come and disturb it, while Red Phoenix had sent hundreds of people to patrol the Jiang family villa non-stop!
Lin Tianhu had also mobilised hundreds of people from Hongcheng to come and surround the entire Jiang Family Villa.
“I wonder if Hall Master has broken through yet!”
Lin Tianhu looked at the white mist rising from Chen Ping’s room from afar and hung on to his heart!
At this time, beside the street not far from the Jiang family villa, the robed man was frowning and staring deadly in the direction of the Jiang family villa, looking at the white mist condensing above the villa, the robed man muttered, “Indeed, his Dao is not shallow, no wonder he was able to kill that old brat Buzzy!”
After saying that, the robed man took a step out, his whole person actually disappeared instantly in the same place, and appeared in front of the villa in the next second!
“Who are you?”
The guards outside the villa asked as they saw someone suddenly appear and hurriedly raised their guard.