But at this moment, they had no time to think about this, the exit was right in front of them, and Cen Biqing and Old Black were already a little impatient!
As long as they walked out of here, they would be free!
Chen Ping they walked out of the tower first, then looked at Cen Biqing and Old Black and said, “You two try to come out slowly, if you can’t come out, I’ll be helping you break the formation ……”
Chen Ping knew that in addition to the prohibitions on each floor, there were definitely prohibitive formations around this tower, but he was going to let Cen Biqing and Old Black try first!
The two nodded and slowly walked towards the exit!
But just as they approached the exit, a strange white light suddenly flashed up, and Cen Biqing and Old Black were immediately sent flying!
In an instant, countless mysterious runes surfaced around the tower, and these runes exuded a bizarre power that wrapped the entire tower!
The four stone lions surrounding the tower were now as if they had come to life in the light, emitting heaven-shaking roars!
Chen Ping, who saw this scene, was directly confused, he did not expect the forbidden formation outside this tower to be so powerful!
He did not even have the courage to try and break the formation!
Accompanied by the roar of the four stone lions, the entire tower was wrapped in light, but it gradually became blurred, as if it was about to disappear!
At the same time, a terrifying and massive force enveloped Chen Ping and the others, making it impossible for them to move at all!
This time, Chen Ping’s few people all panicked!
From the mouths of the four stone lions, several rays of light suddenly shot out, heading straight for Chen Ping and the others!
A few people who couldn’t move at all, faced with the sudden rays of light, were directly confused, a few of them didn’t have a trace of ability to resist!
Chen Ping wanted to desperately break through this power suppression, but it was of no use at all!
As Chen Ping and the others were about to die under this light, a figure slowly appeared!
Only to see this figure in a Taoist robe, with a white beard, holding a duster in his hand!
The duster in his hand gently waved, and those few rays of light instantly dissipated!
“Master …………”
Lin Keting had originally thought that she was bound to die, after seeing this old Taoist, she immediately shouted out in excitement!
Chen Ping’s few people were also surprised as they looked at the old Taoist in front of them!
The power of the light that had just erupted from those four stone lions was terrifying!
However, they did not expect that this old Taoist in front of them had blocked it with a flick of his duster!
And looking at the other party’s demeanour, it wasn’t even the original body!
“Ting’er, are you alright?”The old Taoist asked to Lin Keting with concern!
“Master, I’m fine!”Lin Keting shook her head!
“Master miscalculated, I counted on everything but that this Demon Suppressing Pagoda would appear here.”
“Luckily, Master came in time, otherwise you would be dead, in the future, do not venture out to intrude into unknown places.”
The old Taoist reprimanded Lin Keting!
“Understood!”Lin Keting nodded!
“Senior, what is this Demon Suppressing Tower? What kind of people are suppressed inside?”
“Can you help me rescue the two people inside? They are right at the exit of the tower!”
Chen Ping knew that this Lin Keting’s master must be very powerful, so he requested!
The old Taoist just took a glance at Chen Ping, then smiled slightly and said, “This Demon Suppressing Pagoda suppresses the Dragons, and I don’t have any friendship with the Dragons, so why should I save them?”
Chen Ping froze, he did not expect that this Demon Suppressing Tower was suppressing all the Dragon Race?
“Why, why are these dragon races being suppressed?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!
“You are talking a little too much, why should I tell you, what kind of person are you?”
“You are not my disciple’s man, why should I tell you? Why should I help you?”
The old Taoist looked at Chen Ping and deliberately said this!
“Master ……” Lin Keting’s face instantly turned red!