Chen Ping was terrified in his heart, and could only grit his teeth and rely on his strong physical body to resist the sword qi attacks!
At this moment, the Dragon Cutting Sword was like a divine dragon absorbing water, frantically absorbing the sword qi to prevent it from hurting Chen Ping!
The sword body of the Dragon Cutting Sword was trembling, and the greenish glow slowly began to change!
The Zeng Long Sword was frantically absorbing the sword qi, but it was like the sword qi would never be absorbed!
Before, Chen Ping’s flesh began to be cut by the sword qi as one sword qi left wounds on Chen Ping’s body!
Buzz …………
Suddenly, the Dragon Chopping Sword emitted a violent humming sound as if it was bursting.
Chen Ping did not care about the pain of his own body, one hand gripped the Dragon Cutting Sword with a deadly grip, he could clearly feel the spiritual energy on the sword body of the Dragon Cutting Sword rolling over and over.
He could clearly feel the spirit energy on the sword’s body tumbling. The dragon chopping sword flashed with light, and the terrifying breath instantly blew away the sword Qi, and even the pillar of light disappeared!
Chen Ping’s body fell straight down from mid-air.
Chen Ping instinctively tried to use his spiritual power to make his body fall gently, but the spiritual power in Chen Ping’s body could not be exerted at all, as if it had been sealed!
At this critical moment, the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand broke free and then rested at Chen Ping’s feet!
Chen Ping swayed twice and slowly stood firm!
As he watched the Dragon Cutting Sword slowly fall down on him, Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with surprise.
At this rate, he would soon be able to fly with his sword. It seemed that this place of the Sword Mound was really a good place for the growth of the Dragon Cutting Sword.
Chen Ping slowly landed, not caring about the wounds on his body, he took the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand and kissed and hugged it, he found that the strength of the Dragon Cutting Sword was far stronger than he had imagined!
I wonder what level this Dragon Cutting Sword could reach after absorbing the demonic sword spirit!
Chen Ping looked and found that the three long swords on the ground had disappeared, but Chen Ping did not leave, but waited quietly for a while, the formation was broken, shouldn’t an old man appear in?
Just as Chen Ping was thinking about it, a light flashed, followed by the appearance of an old man with white hair, also carrying a sword in his hand!
And this sword was turquoise all over, emitting an eerie glow.
“Hundreds of years, you are the first one to walk to me, perhaps this centuries-old wish should really be given by you ……”
After the old man finished speaking, the turquoise sword in his hand shone brightly, and immediately afterwards, in the midst of that turquoise light, a firefly-like spot of light appeared, which then drifted towards the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, and was instantly absorbed by the Dragon Cutting Sword.
“The ancient spirit sword is out, this might be the will of the heavens, and it is also considered that we have atoned for our faults ……”
The old man suddenly laughed, and then slowly disappeared as well.
This time, Chen Ping was directly dumbfounded, he did not understand what kind of person this old man was, why did he need to atone for his sins?
But Chen Ping didn’t have time to think more, after all, if he didn’t go out for a long time, Hu Ma Zi would be gone!
If he then told Gu Ling’er and the girls that they had died directly in the land of the sword mound, there was no telling what silly things these girls would do!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping then quickened his pace and continued on!
This time, the sword qi was even more powerful, and Chen Ping could only hold on for a moment when he unleashed his Unbreakable Golden Body, which was shattered instantly.
Luckily, Chen Ping had the Zang Long Sword in his hand constantly absorbing the sword qi, which enabled Chen Ping to move forward with difficulty!
Otherwise, I was afraid that Chen Ping wouldn’t be able to walk even one step!
Soon, a sword appeared in front of Chen Ping, which was plunged deep into a huge rock!
Forgetting his surroundings, Chen Ping cautiously walked towards the long sword!
If the rules were followed, a sword puppet would have appeared by now, and it would definitely be more powerful than the last one he encountered!