With his ghostly cold eyes and seemingly smiling expression, he saw that Chen Ping was a little hairy!
“A mere fourth rank of the Transition Realm, to have a divine weapon like the Demon Drawing Whip in your hands, if I’m not mistaken, you should be the Chen Ping who was hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings, right?”
The man said coldly!
Chen Ping’s expression changed violently as he hurriedly shook his head, “I’m your old grandpa, who is that Chen Ping, I don’t know him at all!”
Chen Ping could not admit it, if he did, there would be a lot of trouble behind him!
The man’s words caused Elder Yu, Zhu Ling and Wei Qing who were fighting to be stunned!
They had heard of Chen Ping’s name, and the Demon Sealing Alliance had used a hundred years of offerings to hunt down Chen Ping, which had long been known to everyone, and the entire Celestial Realm was aware of it!
Now that Chen Ping was right in front of their eyes, how could they not be surprised!
Only, Chen Ping didn’t admit it at all, which also made them a little uncertain!
“Hahaha, whether you are or not, I will take your head and try to go to the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
After the man finished speaking, he directly charged towards Chen Ping!
“Senior brother …………”
When Zhu Ling saw this, she related Chen Ping and wanted to help him, but she was entangled by the Ghost Face Sect’s people and there was no way to get away!
Soon, a black mist began to diffuse around Chen Ping, wrapping him up!
While the others saw this scene, they were all worried for Chen Ping!
However, they were all struggling to protect themselves right now, and no one had any way to help Chen Ping out!
While Chen Ping was wrapped in that black mist, he wasn’t panicking at all, he wasn’t afraid of the man in front of him, what he was worried about now was the others!
If the fight went on like this, Elder Yu and the others would definitely fall into a disadvantage, or maybe the whole army would really be wiped out!
This was not what Chen Ping wanted to see!
“Senior brother, senior sister, I will help you block these people in a moment, you guys quickly go to the Divine Volcano, don’t ever turn back, and even more so, don’t mind me.”
“I have a way to escape, they can’t help me ……”
Chen Ping sent a voice message to Zhu Ling and the others, telling them to escape as soon as possible in a while!
Following the people of the Ghost Face Sect to wear out their lives would not do them a bit of good!
However, Zhu Ling and the others were all very curious, not understanding how Chen Ping, a Ferry Realm Fourth Grade, could stop dozens of people from the Ghost Face Sect.
One must know that the Ghost Face Sect’s Elder Tu was a Mahayana Realm expert!
Just as the crowd was wondering how Chen Ping could help them stop these Ghost Face Sect men, suddenly a figure rushed out from the black mist!
When the man from the Ghost Face Sect saw this, he then slapped his palm over, thinking that it was Chen Ping who had rushed out!
But as soon as he slapped his palm on the other party, that Ghost Face Sect man instantly regretted it!
Because he felt that this palm, as if it had slapped on a copper wall, his entire body was shaken to the point that his arms went numb!
Looking closely, he realised that the silhouette was actually a puppet!
Just as it froze, the puppet slammed out a fist!
A giant fist of flames blasted onto that Ghost Face Sect man, directly sending the man flying!
Chen Ping then waved his palm, and the black mist instantly dissipated!
Everyone stopped at the same time and looked at Chen Ping’s puppet incredulously!
The strength of such a bullish puppet was simply too strong!
They simply did not know that the driving kernel on this puppet was the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign’s Supreme Fire Essence Spirit!
This Supreme Fire Essence Spirit was feared to be even more bullish than the Divine Fire Seal of that Divine Volcano!
With this kind of thing being used on the puppet, how could the puppet not be bullish!
Chen Ping commanded the puppet to attack that Elder Tu, and then the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand swung with vigour, and a flame burned around the Demon Drawing Whip!
“You guys run away ……”
Chen Ping shouted out!
After Elder Yu and the others were only slightly stunned, they immediately leapt up and headed straight for the Divine Volcano!
They also knew that if they were entangled by the Ghostface Sect, there would be no way to stop Huo Yuan Ting from getting the Divine Flame Seal!