Looking at the stone man’s ferocious punch, Chen Ping also roared out, only to see his forehead bulging with veins, the spiritual energy within his dantian swarming, forming a ball of light directly on Chen Ping’s fist, as dazzling as the sun!
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s fist went up against the stone man’s punch, but to the crowd, Chen Ping’s fist looked so tiny, even if Chen Ping himself looked tiny under the stone’s huge fist!
But with a burst of golden light, and after a loud bang, the stone man was actually knocked straight down and fell to the ground with a bang, sending countless stones flying in all directions!
The huge stone man had become a pile of rocks, and long ago there was no trace of a human form to be seen!
Everyone looked at Chen Ping in shock, it was incredible that such a small body could knock down that huge stone man!
Even that Grandmaster Ma had shock in his eyes as his entire face turned pale!
“Grandmaster Ma …………”
Feng Yi panicked a little and shouted at that Grandmaster Ma!
“It’s just that, even if I die here today, I can’t lose my reputation!”
A flash of determination pa*sed through Grandmaster Ma’s eyes, as if he had made some decision!
After saying that, he slapped both fingers towards his abdomen, his originally pale face turned red and he violently overshot his mouth, a large mouthful of essence blood spurted out of his mouth, the essence blood fell like rain, dripping down on top of the ma*s of stones!
Rumble …………
Soon, an even bigger stone man stood up, twice as big as the stone man just now, but after doing this would only, that Grandmaster Ma he was in a state of exhaustion, his whole person instantly aged a lot, if it wasn’t for Feng Yi holding him up, Grandmaster Ma would have fallen to the ground!
“Kill him ……”
Grandmaster Ma roared out loud as he fought for the last of his strength!
The immense stone man, walking towards Chen Ping, the ground shaking with every step!
“Alright, no more games with you …………”
A hint of boredom flashed across Chen Ping’s face as he looked at the incomparably large stone man.
After saying that, Chen Ping’s body instantly leapt up, his entire body directly reaching the height of that stone man, before swinging his fist towards that stone man’s head!
Rumble …………
A thunderous sound, that stone man under Chen Ping’s fist actually turned into powder by the way, all the stones turned into powder and were blown away by the wind!
“Pfft …………”
Seeing this, Grandmaster Ma spurted out a mouthful of blood and instantly collapsed to the ground!
Chen Ping leapt down and arrived in front of Grandmaster Ma, while that Feng Yi, seeing this, backed up in fear!
Master Ma, with a face full of weakness, looked at Chen Ping in front of him and seemed to have a moment of epiphany as he let out a bitter laugh, “You …… are not a martial artist, nor a warlock, you are …… a cultivator… …”
Before Master Ma could finish his words, his head lolled and he died, to the last moment, he could see that Chen Ping was a cultivator!
Chen Ping looked at Grandmaster Ma’s corpse and frowned slightly, this Grandmaster Ma had actually seen that he was a cultivator, that would prove that he knew about the existence of cultivators, or had met other cultivators!
Chen Ping was somewhat chagrined, he should have known that he would not have let this Grandmaster Ma die so quickly, he was now wondering where else he could find an immortal cultivator just like himself!
Chen Ping slowly got up and looked at Feng Yi, at this moment everyone in the Feng family was all trembling, none of them dared to speak!
“I …… am wrong, I am willing to give up the vein and leave Mountain City forever!”
Feng Yi said with a trembling body.
Chen Ping shook his head, “I promised the others that I would get rid of the Feng family, so I will definitely do it!”
“No, don’t ……” Feng Yi knelt down in front of Chen Ping at once: “Please, don’t kill me, I’ll give you anything you want, I’ll give you the entire Feng family!”