However, after searching once, nothing was found, but the coldness was getting thicker and thicker!
Chen Ping had no choice but to use the Heavenly Underworld Eyes again. With the help of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Chen Ping unexpectedly found that at the bottom of the big pit, there was a white inflammation breath that kept coming out from the ground!
The reason for the low temperature inside this big pit was also because of this White Flame Breath!
Chen Ping used his Dragon Cutting Sword to make a forceful stab on the ground!
Suddenly, an even greater white inflammation breath erupted out, directly blowing the surrounding dirt and building debris in all directions!
At that moment, a milky white stone block appeared and was the size of a head!
“What a large piece of pole stone, could it be that this deep pit, was caused by this pole stone?”
Chen Ping looked at the pole stone in front of him and felt very shocked!
No wonder this deep pit was chilly, so it turned out that there was such a large chunk of pole stone present!
Chen Ping reached out to grab the pole stone, wanting to pick it up!
But when his hand had just touched the pole stone, his entire arm was actually freezing at a surprising speed!
White frost quickly covered Chen Ping’s arm!
At this moment, Chen Ping panicked and tried to break free, but found that he could not move his arm!
Chen Ping hurriedly utilised the Supreme Fire Origin, causing his entire arm to be wrapped in flames!
Under the Supreme Flame, Chen Ping’s arm then thawed out and subsequently broke free!
Chen Ping looked at the pole stone in front of him and was very shocked inwardly!
This Polar Stone was too evil, even though it was large in size, this icy coldness was too powerful!
Chen Ping had picked up so many Pole Stones in the Polar Regions, none of which had ever appeared like this!
Although polar stones were icy cold, it was not so cold that it would freeze a person with a single touch?
“Do you see something inside that stone?”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
Only then did Chen Ping take a closer look, and sure enough, inside that pole stone, he found a flame that was still pulsating!
“This …………”
Chen Ping was confused.
This Polar Stone was an icy cold thing, capable of providing cultivation to those who practised ice-based techniques.
How could flames appear inside?
One must know that ice and fire are not allowed to ah!
Looking at the pole stone in front of him, Chen Ping was considered to be completely confused, this had touched his knowledge blind spot!
He had never seen such a thing before!
“I remember, this should be the legendary Extreme Cold Ice Flame, right?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord suddenly said!
“Extreme Cold Ice Flame?”Chen Ping stared blankly!
“This Extreme Cold Ice Flame is actually a type of Supreme Fire, but legend has it that this Extreme Cold Ice Flame was born in the coldest place in the Heavenly Realm, so I wonder how it appeared here?”
“Could it be that the destruction of the Wuji Sacred Sect is related to this Extreme Cold Ice Flame?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“A type of Supreme Flame?”Chen Ping was even more confused, “Then this Extreme Cold Ice Flame, does it burn people to death or freeze them to death?”
“Of course it freezes to death, have you ever heard that the opposite is true when things are extreme?”
Red Cloud Demon Lord asked!
“Of course I have heard of it.”Chen Ping nodded!
“When the temperature of the Supreme Flame reaches a critical value, the opposite temperature will form, which means that the higher the temperature, the heavier the icy coldness of the Supreme Flame.”
“This Extreme Cold Ice Flame is feared to be colder than any icy cold thing.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord explained!
When Chen Ping heard it, he still did not quite understand it, but he knew that this Extreme Cold Ice Flame was the coldest thing of all, so it was no wonder that when he touched it, he instantly froze his arm.
Seeing that Chen Ping seemed to understand, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch continued to explain, “When an object’s speed reaches its fastest and reaches a critical value, then he manifests himself to be slow in the eyes of all.”
“Likewise, in the eyes of that object, anything is slow, including the flow of time, and the distance in space.”
“You won’t be able to digest it even if I tell you so much, you just need to remember that this Extreme Cold Ice Flame is the coldest.”
Chen Ping nodded, he seemed to understand something!
The current Chen Ping suddenly felt that fitting the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in his sea of consciousness was really a wise choice!