Looking at the black and unattractive elixir, everyone expressed a look of disgust!
“If you eat this elixir, you will not have to be afraid of this poisonous tent ……”
Chen Ping said to the crowd!
But no one went forward, after all, that elixir looks black and there is this some stench, how can you eat it?
Just when no one in the crowd went forward, that Apothecary Chen was even the first to rush up, followed by picking up an elixir and directly throwing it into his mouth!
This time, the crowd was dumbfounded, not knowing what this Apothecary Chen was going to do!
“This is truly a panacea, truly a panacea ah ……”
Said Chen Apothecary even directly kneeled down to Chen Ping “I have eyes without pearls, I don’t know the power of Pill Venerable, please forgive Pill Venerable ah……”
Apothecary Chen’s attitude directly caused the dumbfounded crowd to become even more shocked!
“Apothecary Chen, what are you???”
Cai Hongwei asked to Apothecary Chen in disbelief!
“Don’t call me a pharmacist anymore, I’m ashamed of the name of pharmacist ah, the person in front of me is called a pharmacist, or even a pharmacist ah ……”
“This pill looks black, and also with a stench, but is able to detoxify the divine medicine.”
“There is also this pill-making cauldron, this is the ancient Shennong cauldron, the supreme of the pill cauldrons.”
Apothecary Chen said excitedly!
Hearing Apothecary Chen’s words, everyone looked at Chen Ping, changes were occurring in their eyes!
And at this moment, Old Miao stopped ringing the bell, sweating profusely, he said “Gentlemen, you should quickly take that pill, Apothecary Chen is right, this little brother can indeed be called a Pill Supreme.”
“In fact, I did get injured fighting after the Demon Race and have Yin Fury Qi in my body, if it wasn’t for this little brother helping me suck out the Yin Fury Qi on the airship, I might have gone to meet the King of Hell long ago by now.”
Elder Miao urged the crowd to take the pills quickly, he was no longer able to ring the bell, soon the crowd would be infested with that poisonous tent again and lose their minds!
“Grandpa, you …………”
Miao Miao was filled with shock, she didn’t expect Chen Ping to be telling the truth!
As soon as Miao Lao made his exit, the crowd on the other hand was convinced and began to take out pills from the Shen Nong tripod one after another and swallowed them directly!
Even Ji Yun and also Fire Phoenix took one each!
Chen Ping did not take it, just this mere poison tent was not enough to poison his body which was invulnerable to all poisons!
While everyone was swallowing the pills, Chen Ping found that Sikong Zhen picked up the pills and pretended to throw them into his mouth, but put them into his coat pocket!
Chen Ping was very surprised, not understanding why this Sikong Zhen did not eat the pills, was he not afraid of the poison tent?
Although doubtful, Chen Ping did not ask, eat or not eat pills, is the freedom of people, Chen Ping will not force!
After the people had eaten the pills, they really would not be affected by the poison tent, and their sanity was not confused!
“Alright, let’s get out of here as soon as possible, although we won’t be affected by the Poison Tent, the demonic beasts that appear here will all become crazy as well.”
Cai Hongwei said!
The crowd nodded and then followed behind Cai Hongwei, intending to leave this place!
But just as Cai Hongwei had taken a few steps forward, suddenly the void trembled, followed by a turbulent aura erupting out!
In the darkness of the night, a silver-coloured figure appeared, coming towards Cai Hongwei as if it was lightning!
Cai Hongwei was startled and instinctively retreated backwards!
The figure pounced and then glared viciously at Cai Hongwei!
It was only then that the crowd realised that the figure that had just been there was actually a demonic tiger, only to see that the eyes of this demonic tiger were filled with blood red, clearly being affected by the poison tent!
“Silver Red Tiger, everyone be careful ……”
Seeing this demonic tiger, Cai Hongwei was instantly startled and loudly reminded!
Only to see that the silver red tiger was more than ten metres long, with a pair of eyes like bells, the crowd looked small in front of this silver red tiger.