Chen Ping stayed in the Pill God Valley for a few days, and these were the days when Gu Ling’er was happiest, staying by Chen Ping’s side all day!
But Chen Ping was a little too happy, after all, his mother and Su Yuqi hadn’t been rescued yet!
He needed to continue to improve his strength in order to do so!
“You’re still worried about Yuqi?”
On a large rock, Gu Ling’er followed Chen Ping and sat with him before asking in a soft voice.
Chen Ping looked in the direction of Kyoto before nodding his head.
“I’m too useless, I can’t even protect my own girlfriend ……”
Chen Ping had a face of self-blame!
“It’s not your fault, it’s because the Martial Alliance is too powerful, don’t blame yourself too much.”
“During this period of time, everyone is desperately cultivating, just hoping to raise their cultivation level and help you out ……”
Gu Ling’er comforted Chen Ping!
No matter if it was the Four Villains, or Zhao Liguo and the others, they were all cultivating desperately, and with the aid of the Pill God Valley’s pills, everyone’s realm was rising very quickly!
They knew that only when they were strong enough would they be able to truly help Chen Ping’s.
“Xiao Ru, wait for me for a moment ……”
At this moment, Zhao Barging’s voice suddenly came, and Chen Ping looked after Gu Ling’er to find that Zhao Barging was following Xiao Ru playfully and jokingly!
“These two are quite a good match ……”
Seeing the two people playing around, a smile appeared on Chen Ping’s face.
“It’s a good match, this guy Zhao Beng is usually stammering, but his heart is not bad, and Xiao Ru is also simple-minded, the two of them are good together ……”
Gu Ling’er nodded her head and said.
“When there’s time, I’ll find Zhao Zhuang master to talk about it and set the two of them down.”
“This way there is a happy event, and it will make everyone happy!”
Chen Ping said with a smile.
“You still need to use you, Uncle Long talked about it a long time ago, except that this kid Zhao Beng is a bit strong, feels that his strength is too low, even Xiao Ru is not as good as him, so he wants to raise his strength to Martial Marquis before he marries Xiao Ru ……”
“He said that with his current strength, he can’t protect Xiao Ru at all and can’t give her a sense of security ……”
“It’s possible that Zhao Beng watched Xiao Ru being taken away and he couldn’t do anything about it, it hit him hard ……”
Gu Ling’er thought of Su Yuqi when Xiao Ru was captured in advance, so her expression was a bit despondent!
“Zhao Barging has good natural talent, if he really works hard, reaching the Martial Marquis realm is not a difficult task ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zhao Barging, who was not far away, and decided in his heart that he would bring this kid along.
If he didn’t take him with him, Zhao Baptist would have to work hard on his own, and he didn’t know how long it would take him to reach the Martial Marquis realm.
But Zhao Beng was too weak, so if he was taken to a particularly dangerous ancient ruin, he would definitely become a burden and might even be in danger.
We had to find a place that was safe and rich in resources!
“Where can there be such a perfect place?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly as he pondered exactly what place would be suitable for such a requirement.
Soon, a place flashed through Chen Ping’s mind, and that was Penglai Island!
After killing Duda, Chen Ping had always wanted to go to Penglai Island to have a look!
He wanted to see what kind of island it was that could produce so many immortal cultivators in this era of scarcity of spiritual energy!
On Penglai Island, Chen Ping would also be able to retreat and cultivate in the meantime, and improve his cultivation!
With this in mind, Chen Ping did not stay long in Pill God Valley!
He called out to Zhao Barging, and after following the others to say goodbye, he headed straight for Penglai Island.
Because Penglai Island was overseas, Chen Ping needed to go through the formalities and travel on a separate boat!
On the way, Chen Ping was happy that he had made the obvious choice of calling Zhao Barging!
Even though Zhao Barging was usually a big-hearted man, he took good care of Chen Ping along the way!
Five days later, Chen Ping and Zhao Barging set foot on the legendary island of ‘Penglai Island’.