Tong You Gong’s speed was so fast that it set off a huge gust of air that swept like a hurricane!
A terrifying stream of powerful qi whistled towards Chen Ping!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping once again executed the Nine Shadows Sword Technique!
The power of the divine Dragon frantically ran through Chen Ping’s body, and the Dragon Crystal on his chest erupted with a brilliant light at this moment!
Countless sword arrows instantly cut out from the Dragon Chopping Sword!
In mid-air, the sword mangles and the energy kept colliding, and from time to time, the energy that was missed would hit Chen Ping’s body hard!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and held on for dear life!
At the same time, a sword maneuver pa*sed through the Qi and struck Tong You Gong’s body!
What Tong Yougong had thought was a crushing fight had turned into a fight for his life!
Soon, the smoke and dust cleared and Chen Ping and Tong Youkong stood looking at each other!
Chen Ping’s body was already heavily scarred, with blood spilling from the corners of his mouth, while Tong Yougong’s clothes were also torn and tattered, with some of his wounds emitting a faint green glow, rapidly repairing them!
It was obvious that Tong You Gong was not badly injured, but this was humiliating enough for Tong You Gong, dealing with a Martial Saint, to make him look like this!
“Kid, I’m getting more and more curious about you, you’re the first one to be able to force me into this state, and you’re only a Martial Saint.”
Tong Youkong said as he walked towards Chen Ping.
A terrifying aura emanated from Tong You Gong’s body, which enveloped Chen Ping and rendered him incapable of movement!
“Eldest Brother, this guy is going to be taken away by Tong You Gong, what should we do?”
Seeing this scene, Liu Rui asked to Liu Xing.
“Let’s make a move, in a moment I will hold off that Tong You Gong, you take that kid and leave quickly, we must not let this evil cultivator, fall into the hands of the Heavenly Thunder Sect.”
“If we let the Heavenly Thunder Sect in getting the evil cultivation technique, I am afraid that even we, the hidden sects, will not have a quiet day in the future.”
Liu Xing said to Liu Rui.
“Eldest Brother, you ……”
Liu Rui was about to say something else, but she suddenly noticed that Chen Ping, who was originally suppressed by Tong You Gong and could not move a muscle, was now burning with flames!
Under the crimson flames, Chen Ping actually slowly lifted up the Dragon Chopper Sword!
Sword Qi exploded into the sky!
Tong Youkong froze, his face filled with astonishment, he had never thought that Chen Ping, who was so badly injured, would still be able to escape the suppression of his own aura and still emit such a terrifying sword aura!
“How is that possible? This kid actually still has the power to fight back?”
Liu Xing’s eyes also widened as he looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
If he had known that he would not have lasted this long at all in Tong You Gong’s hands, or even suffered such heavy injuries, he would have been unable to resist long ago!
But now Chen Ping was actually still capable of resisting!
It was obvious that Liu Xing’s strength was not as strong as Chen Ping’s, but Chen Ping was clearly only at the Martial Saint realm!
At this moment, Liu Xing was confused!
Originally, he had despised Chen Ping, but at this moment, he had to admit that Chen Ping’s strength was indeed stronger than his own!
The strength displayed by a Martial Saint was even stronger than that of a Martial God like himself!
Liu Xing’s cognition was in great shock, he didn’t understand what the hell was going on!
“I didn’t expect you to have the ability to resist, this time I will make you die completely ……”
Tong You Gong’s hands slowly waved up in the void, a faint light began to appear, followed by getting brighter and brighter, and began to spin up!
The terrifying aura with a strong wind is constantly accelerating!
At this moment, it was as if a spinning sun had appeared in front of Chen Ping’s eyes, and the endless vastness of its power seemed to be devouring everything!
“Eldest Brother, is Tong You Gong moved to kill? How could he use such a powerful move.”
Liu Rui asked in disbelief when she saw this.