The other shrines started to put pressure on Watanabe Fumio, although the Watanabe family was a large family with a considerable status in Xijing, but really being suppressed by several shrines jointly, also instantly made it difficult for Watanabe Fumio to sustain!
“Master, the construction of our shrine has now been stopped and a large number of believers have been cheated away by other shrines ……”
Like a child who had done something wrong, Watanabe Fumio bowed his head and reported in front of Chen Ping!
Originally, Chen Ping was planning to return to his country, after all, Watanabe Fumio was already dead, no one would be going to Daxia to trouble him!
And he had also destroyed the Chizuru Shrine, and he himself had become a worshipped deity!
But now, seeing this situation, Chen Ping decided to stay on the island for a while!
And after absorbing Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s strength, it made Chen Ping feel that he could improve in this way much faster than by his own hard work of training!
And these are island guys, so there’s no need to have any baggage in your heart!
“Watanabe Fumio, how many shrines do you have in total in your island country?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently.
Watanabe Fumio froze, then said, “Master, we have a total of four shrines in the island nation, excluding the Chizuru Shrine that you destroyed, there is also the Shimaza Shrine, the Maeda Shrine, and the Inui Shrine ……”
“And the gods worshipped inside these three shrines are also all great martial gods from hundreds of years ago ……”
Watanabe Fumio finished speaking and looked at Chen Ping quietly, he knew that Chen Ping would not come to ask this question for no reason.
“Chen Ping, you wouldn’t be looking towards exterminating a few other shrines as well, would you?”
Hu Ma Zi could see what Chen Ping was thinking!
Chen Ping nodded, “That’s right, I want to make the island nation have only one belief in the gods, and that is me ……”
Apart from making the islanders believe in themselves, Chen Ping’s main thing was that he wanted to go and suck the strength out of those guys!
If he sucks the strength out of the other three shrines’ gods again, Chen Ping’s strength could potentially be raised by one step.
“Master, if you exterminate the other three shrines, I’m afraid that it will attract the attention and shock of the top bra*s ……”
Watanabe Fumio reminded.
“What can we do if we pay attention? If I’m not convinced, I’ll go and exterminate the Earth Emperor of your island and I’ll be this Earth Emperor ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly, not the least bit impressed!
With Chen Ping’s current strength, he was almost invincible in this secular world!
As long as he didn’t go to the secret realm, Chen Ping could overlook the entire secular realm!
The highest cultivation level within the secular world was only that of a Martial Saint, and although Chen Ping was also at the level of a Martial Saint now, he was not comparable to those other Martial Saints.
As Watanabe Fumio listened to Chen Ping’s words, he could only keep his head down, not daring to speak, for he believed that Chen Ping dared to say and do what he said, and had the strength to do so!
Chen Ping arrived on Mount Fuji, with his hands behind his back, overlooking the whole island, a cold glint in his eyes!
This was the beginning of his time on the island!
“Starting today, I’m going to go on a killing spree ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s figure instantly disappeared from the spot!
…………
The island nation of Mount Akina!
It was famous for its treacherous racing routes, and every year, a large number of racing enthusiasts came here to race their cars!
And at the top of Mount Akina, a modest shrine sits there!
This is Shimazu Shrine, one of the four great shrines of the island.
The deity worshipped is the Mushajin Shimazono, a huge statue of which towers over the square!
But at this moment, there are no worshippers in the square of Shimazoe Shrine, there are only hundreds of samurai standing at attention!
Inside the shrine, the president, Kurono Shimazawa, sits with his eyes slightly closed, as if waiting for something!
And around him were ten of the island’s famous masters of the arts.
This Shimazono, as the seventh generation descendant of the martial god Shimazono, has always been here to guard his ancestors!
Only the destruction of the Chizuru Shrine had given Shimazawa Genno a deep sense of crisis, and after divination, he felt that something big was going to happen in the Shrine today, so he summoned all the power of the Shrine!