It was just after dawn when Zhu Zhishan arrived at the martial arts arena with four black bronze robes and sealed off the entire arena with magic weapons.
As soon as the spell was activated, it would be very difficult for Chen Ping to escape!
Zhu Zhishan looked at the silent martial arts arena and seemed a little nervous, his body trembling slightly!
He did not know if he would be able to kill that Chen Ping this time.
“You must kill that Chen Ping at the first opportunity and destroy the dantian and yuan ying in his body, the reason why this fellow can’t die every time is because of his identity as an immortal cultivator ……”
Zhu Zhishan barked at the few black bronze robes!
“Don’t worry, we know what to do, but in this era of scarcity of spiritual energy, it’s a miracle that this Chen Ping was able to cultivate to the YuanYing realm ……”
A black bronze robed slowly spoke.
Each of these black bronze robed people had the existence of a soul within them, and these souls were, to put it mildly, once immortal cultivators!
Only they were all evil cultivators. There are evil cultivators in martial cultivation, and there are immortal cultivators as well!
Thousands of years ago, when spiritual energy was abundant, immortal cultivators flourished, while martial cultivators were silent!
Only as time went on and spiritual energy became scarce, the immortal cultivators either left far away or exhausted their lives and died out, slowly the immortal cultivators fell out of favour while the martial cultivators prospered.
As time grew longer and longer, immortal cultivators almost became extinct, while martial cultivators became the top stream of the world!
There were once some evil cultivators who, at the end of their lives, used their gong methods to retain a trace of their souls, ready to be able to be reborn when the aura revived!
But too much time had pa*sed, but the aura still showed no sign of recovery, and these souls had to find a host, otherwise they would vanish into thin air.
This has led to the existence of many possessed spirits, but as long as the host’s strength is raised to a certain stage, the spirit can be reborn as well.
In order to improve their strength as quickly as possible, the spirits command their hosts and do whatever they can to improve their strength, even sucking up the strength of others to strengthen themselves!
“Right, there is one more point to remind you, this Chen Ping is also able to absorb other people’s strength to enhance himself, you must pay attention, don’t think about absorbing this Chen Ping’s strength, so as to avoid suffering a backlash.”
Zhu Zhishan reminded the four black bronze robes.
At the beginning, in the City of Extreme Bliss, Long Xiao had tried to absorb Chen Ping’s strength and ended up losing an arm.
“We don’t need to suck his strength, we just need to get his YuanYing ……”
A black copper robed said with a cold smile.
Since Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator, taking out Chen Ping’s firstborn directly and refining it would be much stronger than just sucking up strength!
“That’s good, now we’ll slowly wait for that Chen Ping to come to his death ……”
Zhu Zhishan glanced at his broken arm, and then his eyes faintly stared.
…………
Pill God Valley!
The entire atmosphere in the Pill God Valley was very cheerful and lively!
The atmosphere during the New Year had never been this lively, because Chen Ping had not died and had returned alive!
And in one of the rooms of the Pill God Valley, Chen Ping lit a cigarette and sat quietly, while opposite him was Long Jingguo!
At this moment, Long Jingguo’s face was still red and swollen, and he looked very distressed!
Uncle and nephew, meeting again in such a scene, looked a bit strange!
Only, Chen Ping had never considered Long Jingguo as his own family, and he could not wait to kill him now.
“You’ve kept my mother locked up for over twenty years, what exactly do you want from her?”
Chen Ping exhaled a puff of smoke and asked indifferently.
Long Jingguo looked at Chen Ping angrily, but did not say a word.
Chen Ping was not angry either, he had already known that with such an outcome, Long Jingguo would definitely not say anything.
“It doesn’t matter if you don’t say anything, but let me tell you, sooner or later I will kill the Long family, kill both you father and son, and then save my mother ……”
Chen Ping said with a firm face.
Long Jingguo just showed a cold smile and still didn’t say anything!