“Then you can look for Emperor Xiao to help ah, I think that what’s that Qi family town, it can’t be more powerful than Emperor Xiao Dynasty, right?”
Chen Ping said!
“That’s certainly not the case, only that I don’t want Feng to know my identity, nor do I want him to think that I’m lying to him.”
“Mr Chen, I hope you can help me, as long as I can follow that Qi Heng to withdraw from the marriage and lift the crisis in Zhu Jia Town, my father will not be asking for me anymore!”
As Zhu Qingyue said that, she unexpectedly knelt down for Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly reached out his hand and didn’t let that Zhu Qingyue kneel down, then frowned slightly and said, “I don’t have any friendship with that whatsoever Qi family town, how easy is it to get them to back out of the marriage ah.”
“But I can help you try, I just don’t know what strength that Qi Heng is?”
Chen Ping knew that if that Qi Heng was too strong, it was probably useless to go there by himself, after all, in this Celestial Realm strength was honoured!
“That Qi Heng is only at the second rank of the Transition Realm, and his father is estimated to be at the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, in our Eastern Domain, the general strength is not very high.”
“Mahayana realm cultivators that is a rare existence, I’ve only heard that there are Mahayana realm cultivators on that Dead Sea island, but that area is a forbidden land in the Eastern Domain, basically very few people go there.”
Zhu Qingyue said!
Chen Ping heard that the strength of the Eastern Domain cultivators was so low, so if he went there, wouldn’t he be able to run rampant in the entire Eastern Domain?
“Since that’s the case, then I will accompany you on your journey, and after dealing with your matter, I will send you to the Xiao Dynasty, and it will be considered as returning a favour to Emperor Xiao.”
Chen Ping promised Zhu Qingyue and decided to accompany her on her journey!
Emperor Xiao had sent people to help recapture the Fox Imperial City, and had also destroyed the Feng Family in the Demon Sealing Alliance, and had also let the word out that he would support himself behind the scenes, so Chen Ping would have to do something to return the favour to Emperor Xiao as well!
“Thank you so much Mr Chen, thank you so much ……”
Upon hearing this, Zhu Qing Yue immediately bowed happily towards Chen Ping!
“Just a show of hands, you quickly go back to rest, if this is seen, coming to my room in the middle of the night, making a misunderstanding can’t be explained!”
Chen Ping waved his hand and told Zhu Qing Yue to leave quickly!
Early the next morning, Chen Ping followed Patriarch Jiang and the others to say goodbye!
Especially Ochre Yan, after all, this guy had faithfully followed him for some time!
After saying their goodbyes, Zhu Qingyue and that Liu Bo all boarded Chen Ping’s blimp with them!
As for the other cultivators, some left, while others chose to stay in the Soul Demon Sect.
The zeppelin travelled all the way to the east, heading straight to the Eastern Region, passing through the Heavenly Demon Mountain, flying through patches of woods, and soon an endless sea appeared in front of them!
There wasn’t a single flying bird in the sky above the sea, the entire surface of the sea couldn’t even see ripples, it was indeed deathly silent!
“Mr Chen, up ahead is the Dead Sea, this Dead Sea is the borderline between the Southern Domain and the Eastern Domain, and the borderline between the Eastern Domain and the Northern Domain is the Ink Sea.”
“If we go further, we must follow the route and fly, otherwise we will encounter danger, we can’t take spirit ships in this Dead Sea, and cultivators can’t enter the sea even more.”
“Cultivators who accidentally fall into the Dead Sea are all turned into white bones and rise up ……”
Zhu Qingyue said to Chen Ping!
“Route? Is there even a map?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“There is a map ……”
After Liu Bo finished speaking, he directly pulled out a pair of maps, which depicted the entire Dead Sea, which was dotted with many, many islands!
“Mr Chen, these islands connected with red lines are the road map, the airships can follow this route.”
“Originally, we also had a Piercing Cloud Sect in the Eastern Domain that operated airships, but then it was finished for some unknown reason.”
“When we didn’t have airships, we all flew in the air and then rested for a while when we arrived at an island, this is what consumed our spiritual energy and time, we travelled for more than a month in order to find Missy!”
“Of course, we can also make use of the teleportation array, only that teleportation array is extremely expensive, with dozens of us, we simply can’t afford that high of an expense!”
Liu Bo pointed at the map and then followed Chen Ping in detail!