When Chen Ping rushed to the airship, Ji Yun was explaining the airship to the youngest sister!
Only to see, Ji Yun grasped the youngest sister’s hand and taught her hand in hand behind the youngest sister!
The youngest sister’s face was slightly red, but she was enjoying herself very much!
The two people’s movements were very intimate, and in the eyes of outsiders, they followed a young couple!
Because they were too involved, neither one of the two realised that Chen Ping had already arrived on the airship!
“Cough cough …………”
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only deliberately cough twice!
Hearing the sound, Ji Yun followed Missy and separated in panic!
Once she saw that it was Chen Ping, the youngest sister’s face was as red as a monkey’s arse, and her eyes did not dare to look at Chen Ping, as if she had been caught cheating!
Ji Yun, on the other hand, smiled awkwardly and said, “Mr Chen, I’m teaching Youngest Sister how to control the dirigible!”
“Set off immediately to the Xiao Dynasty!”
Chen Ping said to Ji Yun!
Seeing that Chen Ping was in a hurry, Ji Yun asked, “Mr Chen, is something wrong?”
“Don’t ask, set off!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he entered the room of the blimp!
He also did not want to disturb Ji Yun following Missy’s good deeds, if Ji Yun following Missy could be together, Chen Ping could still save himself a little!
Otherwise, the youngest sister had been following her, Chen Ping also did not have time to care about her!
Entering the room, Chen Ping then began to cultivate, the aura around him getting stronger and stronger!
He had to use all the time he had to improve his strength!
He couldn’t always rely on Shi, who had also said that he wouldn’t be killing enemies for him in!
His own enemies, he had to kill them himself!
This time the people from the Ten Temples had once again found the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and it seemed that the other party had not been frightened by the fight!
Chen Ping decided that he would never show any mercy this time!
Chen Ping who had already been promoted to the second rank of the Mahayana realm, although his realm had risen very quickly, what Chen Ping lacked the most right now was experience!
Although the realm had been reached, Chen Ping’s cultivation speed along the way was too fast, so much so that Chen Ping was very inexperienced when it came to some battles!
Often at the same realm, cultivators with many years of combat experience were stronger than those with no experience!
While cultivating, Chen Ping took out the jade slips of the Heaven Earth Grand Formation!
Of the four jade slips, Chen Ping could only open one, there was no way to open the other formation jade slips, and there was no way for his divine sense to enter!
He knew that when all four of the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation’s formation jade slips were opened, the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation would be revealed, and then he would be able to look for the moment to break the formation!
Right now, Chen Ping did not even know where the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation was, let alone breaking it!
Chen Ping tried to seep his divine sense little by little towards the second Formation Jade Simple!
Chen Ping’s divine sense was like a fine thread, carefully probing into the crevices of the second Formation Jade Simplex, this process was exceptionally difficult, as if he was racing against time, fighting against the invisible sealing force.
Fine beads of sweat gradually oozed from his forehead, but his eyes shone with an unyielding light.
With every attempt, Chen Ping could feel the rebound of the sealing force, an ancient and powerful force that seemed to contain the rules and order of the beginning of heaven and earth.
However, Chen Ping did not back down, he mobilised his entire body’s spiritual energy, condensed his mind to the extreme and impacted the seemingly impenetrable seal over and over again.
Just when Chen Ping was almost about to exhaust his mind, he suddenly captured a subtle opportunity.
That opportunity was like the brightest star in the night sky, guiding him to the weak point of the seal.
Chen Ping’s heart was overjoyed as he immediately concentrated all his strength and launched a final assault towards that point.
“Boom!”
A soft sound echoed in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, as if the seal finally could not withstand the pressure and collapsed.
Immediately after, a vast flood of information surged into Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, it was the entire mystery regarding the second Heaven and Earth Grand Formation Array Jade Slip.