“Since you say I’m not human, then I’m not human for you to see …………”
With a bad smile on his face, Chen Ping pounced directly towards the girl.
“Ah …………”
The girl shrieked, grabbed her clothes and ran.
Without knowing it, he thought that Chen Ping was bullying the girl, but who knew that it was the girl who wanted to kill Chen Ping in the first place.
The girl’s panicked look, Chen Ping smiled, a healthy step to the girl’s body, see Chen Ping catch up, the girl instinctively raised her hand to hit.
But who knew that as soon as her hand was raised, half of her clothes came off and her white shoulders were all exposed, even her underwear was exposed.
“I didn’t expect such a cold woman like you to be hot inside, to be wearing big red underwear ……”
Chen Ping said with a playful expression.
The girl was startled, seeing that she had gone naked, and hastily withdrew her hand and pulled her clothes back up.
“You rascal, I won’t let you go even if I’m a ghost ……”
The girl looked at Chen Ping angrily and fiercely opened her mouth, intending to bite her tongue and kill herself.
When Chen Ping saw that the girl really wanted to kill herself and play for real, he was also startled and squeezed the girl’s mouth so that she couldn’t bite down, then a hand knife hit the back of the girl’s neck, making her faint.
“Still quite stiff ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but frown as he held the already fainted girl.
There was no way he would let the girl die before he knew her true identity and purpose, and he didn’t feel he had offended the girl, so why did he want to arrest herself?
The helpless Chen Ping could only pick the girl up and head towards the Pan Long Bay Villa.
On the way, Chen Ping pondered how he should explain after Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, after all, these two women were very sensitive, especially when the two were together.
When he returned to the villa, he found that Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er had not slept, but were still watching doggy dramas, all of which were love affairs, which Chen Ping did not like to watch.
When the two saw that Chen Ping had unexpectedly returned with a woman in his arms, they all sprang up from the sofa.
“Chen Ping, who is this woman?”
Su Yuqi was the first to ask.
“It’s …… something I picked up on the side of the road, I saw that she was drunk and took pity ……”
Chen Ping lied, because he really didn’t know how to explain.
But just as Chen Ping finished speaking, Gu Ling’er let out a scream, “Chen Ping, you fart, you lie, isn’t this the same girl who was looking for you that day? She even gave you a heart protecting bronze mirror, what’s her name?”
After Gu Ling’er saw the girl’s face, she immediately demolished Chen Ping.
“It’s called Wu Mei’er ……,” Su Yuqi said immediately.
“Yes, yes, it’s called Wu Mei’er ……”
Gu Ling’er also nodded her head.
Chen Ping froze for a moment, he had forgotten that Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er had met Wu Mei’er, but the girl in his own arms was not Wu Mei’er, she just followed Wu Mei’er very much, Chen Ping all but forgot about it.
“Chen Ping, you’ve really grown up, and the drunken girl you picked up on the roadside? Are you taking me for a fool?”
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping with an angry face.
“No, no, you guys listen to my explanation , this girl is not Wu Mei’er, she just follows Wu Mei’er’s look alike.”
Chen Ping hurriedly followed Su Yuqi and explained.
But Su Yuqi didn’t believe it at all, in fact, not to mention Su Yuqi, even Chen Ping himself encountered this kind of thing, he didn’t believe it himself, at first he didn’t recognize this girl as Wu Mei’er.
“Chen Ping, just enjoy yourself at home with this woman, I’m leaving ……”
Su Yuqi was so angry that she directly grabbed the door and left.
Gu Ling’er also glared at Chen Ping before chasing after her.
“Yuqi, Ling’er …………”
With the girl in his arms, Chen Ping looked at the disappearing backs of Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er and felt a pang of helplessness, it seemed that he could only follow Su Yuqi to explain after he figured it out.