“Kid, you’re blowing smoke without tax, you even killed everyone from the Ghost Face Sect, you don’t even look at what kind of virtue you have.”
“A mere fourth rank of the Transition Realm, even if you have some natural talent, with your skills, can you still kill dozens of demonic cultivators from the Ghost Face Sect?”
“Not to mention that the Ghost Face Sect’s Elder Tu is a Mahayana Realm expert who can whip you to death with a single slap!”
Huo Dong said to Chen Ping with a disdainful face!
He just couldn’t stand to see Chen Ping with this braggart look!
“Huo Dong, are you already a member of the Ghost Face Sect? Knowing the Ghost Face Sect so well, and just now falsely accusing us of colluding with the Ghost Face Sect, I think it is you who colluded with the Ghost Face Sect.”
“You are covered in demonic aura, you have been away from the Purple Flame Sect for such a long time, and suddenly returned to the Purple Flame Sect and brought the Ghost Face Sect’s people with you, what else do you have to sophistically say.”
Elder Yu said to Huo Dong!
“Which eye of yours saw me join the Ghost Face Sect? What evidence do you have? When I say you colluded, you colluded.”
“But don’t forget, now my father is the Sect Master, he has the Divine Flame Seal in his hands!”
Huo Dong said with great arrogance!
Now that Huo Yuan Ting was the real Sect Master of the Purple Flame Sect, Huo Dong could certainly be dejected!
“You want evidence, I have it here ……”
Chen Ping smiled indifferently, followed by his body leaping out, and then returned once again!
However, this time, Chen Ping was carrying a person in his hand!
To be exact, it was a body!
Without arms and legs, only a torso, if not to see the head and eyes moving, would have thought it was a dead person!
Chen Ping’s hand was carrying that Tu Elder, Chen Ping originally kept him for the purpose of torturing him, but did not think that he would be able to put him to good use!
Chen Ping threw Elder Tu’s torso towards the feet of Huo Dong and Huo Yuanting!
Elder Tu looked at Huo Yuan Ting and Huo Dong, and instantly his eyes were filled with hope: “Sect Master Huo, save me, quickly save me ……”
“Elder Tu …………”
Huo Dong and Huo Yuanting all had their faces change drastically!
One must know that Elder Tu was a Mahayana Realm expert, but now he had turned into this, and he had turned into this at the hands of Chen Ping, that Transition Realm fourth grade minor cultivator!
“Elder Tu, what’s going on? How did you become like this?”
Huo Dong asked with a face full of shock!
Huo Dong was now a disciple of the Ghost Face Sect, his status was not as high as Elder Tu’s!
“It’s all because of this Chen Ping, he used the Ancient Demon Soul to control his body, and then used means to trick me as the Magma River, that’s why I was careless enough to fall for it.”
Elder Tu explained!
He couldn’t say that he couldn’t defeat Chen Ping, so he could only speak of Chen Ping towards cunningness!
In this way, the crowd thought that Elder Tu was like this because he was caught in a trap, and was not unable to defeat Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping? This fellow is called Chen Ping?”
Huo Yuan Ting frowned slightly!
“Elder Tu, could it be that this fellow is the one that the Demon Sealing Alliance is trying to hunt down with their hundred year offerings?”
Huo Dong asked with some excitement!
Everyone else also looked towards Chen Ping with incredulity in their eyes!
One had to know that Chen Ping was also famous in the Celestial Realm, being hunted by the layers of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Zhu Ling, on the other hand, had her mouth roundly open, looking at Chen Ping with a face full of surprise!
Her idol was Chen Ping, and she had always wanted to see Chen Ping’s true face, but she had never had the chance!
Now, this junior brother in front of her was Chen Ping?
Zhu Ling was so excited that she was about to shed tears!
Elder Yu was also filled with astonishment, he really did not expect that the disciple he brought in to reap some benefits would be the person that the Demon Sealing Alliance had hunted down with a hundred years of offerings!
“Not bad, he is the person that the Demon Sealing Alliance is chasing with a hundred years of offerings, as long as you catch him or kill him, you can go to the Demon Sealing Alliance to collect the reward.”
Elder Tu hurriedly replied.
He was trying to get Huo Yuan Ting and the others interested in killing Chen Ping!
That way, he would be saved, and he would be able to help avenge himself!