When the smoke and dust slowly cleared, the crowd was surprised to find that that Bai Cheng was kneeling in front of Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping still had a smile on his face!
With shock and respect in his eyes, Bai Cheng had long since lost the fighting spirit he had just had within his body, and respectfully knelt for Chen Ping!
This scene caused all of the cultivators to freeze, all of them looking confused, not knowing what exactly had happened!
“Are you …… you a true Dragon Clan, or a Golden Dragon Clan ……”
Bai Cheng asked, looking at Chen Ping in a voice that was almost only audible to himself!
At this moment, countless doubts and shock surged through Bai Cheng’s mind!
The reason why he had knelt down for Chen Ping was not his intention, but rather he was directly shocked by the divine dragon power that Chen Ping had just exuded!
That pressure caused him to instantly and unconsciously kneel down!
Just now, he had transformed into his original body, intending to use a trace of dragon energy condensed from his own body to shock Chen Ping into submission!
But who knew, Chen Ping’s chest suddenly flashed with a dragon crystal, and a dragon qi that was a thousand times more powerful than the one he had condensed erupted!
In that instant, Bai Cheng even saw a golden dragon circling behind Chen Ping, instantly scaring away the trace of dragon qi that he had managed to condense within his body!
Bai Cheng also directly knelt down in front of Chen Ping, his eyes filled with shock!
“Cultivation is not easy, since you have already condensed dragon qi, you must be not far from transforming into a dragon, cherish it!”
Chen Ping, at this moment, said to that Bai Cheng in a tone of an elder!
Bai Cheng, on the other hand, prostrated himself on the ground and said heartily, “Disciple honours the teachings.”
Bai Cheng’s heart turned from shock to excitement because Chen Ping’s words meant that he would not be killed.
Moreover, if one pleases Chen Ping and gets the help of a true Dragon Race, it would be of great help in transforming himself into a dragon!
Captain Zhou looked at the scene in front of him, his brows slightly furrowed.
He wasn’t very clear about what had just happened, and even more so, he didn’t know why that Bai Cheng had suddenly become respectful and even knelt in front of Chen Ping!
“Time is up, all go back to your cells!”
At this time, a scene of guards shouted out!
After Chen Ping heard this, he turned around and walked towards the cell, there was no rush to explore the secrets of the ancient tree!
The other cultivators also followed behind Chen Ping, many cultivators ran and followed Chen Ping to get close!
When the youngest brother saw this, he followed Chen Ping without moving an inch, with a condescending look!
After all, in the entire dungeon, he was the only one who could follow Chen Ping in a close relationship, and all the other cultivators would envy themselves!
Bai Cheng, on the other hand, was prostrate on the ground and waited until Chen Ping’s figure completely disappeared before Bai Cheng dared to slowly climb up from the ground!
“Brother-in-law, what just happened? How did that Bai Cheng suddenly kneel down for you?”
Returning to the cell, the youngest sister’s brother curiously followed Chen Ping and inquired!
And directly opened his mouth to call Chen Ping brother-in-law, not at first, this guy suspected that Chen Ping toyed with his own sister for a while!
“You can not scream, who is your brother-in-law ah?”
Chen Ping hurriedly reminded!
“I didn’t scream nonsense, you are my brother-in-law, don’t worry, when you go out, if my sister doesn’t follow you, I will disown her.”
“Let me tell you, in fact, my sister is quite good, beautiful, dignified and generous, the main thing is that my sister is still a yellow blossom girl!”
“If you want my sister, it doesn’t affect you to find another woman, which big man doesn’t have a few double cultivation partners ah!”
The youngest sister’s brother only wanted to follow Chen Ping to establish a relationship at the moment!
After all, Chen Ping’s performance was enough to prove that Chen Ping was not an ordinary cultivator, there must be forces behind him!
Chen Ping listened to the youngest brother’s words, could not help but laugh bitterly, it seems that this youngest brother’s imprisonment, is by no means wrongly accused, this guy is also really likely to that female cultivator to the strong!