“Master Hu, let go of your hand, this time it is Mr. Shi who has summoned you …….”
Chen Ping said to Pocky Hu.
Only then did Hu Puzi let go of his hand, while Chen Ping continued, “Do you want to go in with me?”
“No, I’m not going in ……”
Hu Pocky backed up and saw out, he was scared to see Mr. Shi!
Chen Ping smiled, following Mr. Shi contact for so long, Chen Ping did not feel that Mr. Shi was scary, sometimes quite cordial.
Chen Ping followed Xing Jun into Mr. Shi’s room, then Xing Jun pushed his way out!
“Chen Ping, coming to me so early in the morning, did you have a craving for wine last night and want some more?”
Mr Shi said with a faint smile.
Chen Ping shook his head, “Mr. Shi, I came to see you to ask if you know about the Hundred Refinements Pavilion?”
“Yes, and the Pavilion Master of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, Shi Qingpei, and I even have some connections ……”
Mr. Shi said.
“A connection? What connection? Then Mr. Shi must know the exact location of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion.”
Chen Ping was overjoyed to see that Mr. Shi knew!
“Of course I know, you are looking for the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, do you want to get the Heavenly Mystery Order and open the entrance to the secret realm?”
Mr Shi laughed.
Chen Ping froze, he didn’t understand how Mr. Shi seemed to be able to read his mind, he had guessed everything!
“Not bad, I found a secret realm entrance in the backyard of the Martial Alliance, and my girlfriend is most likely locked up inside!”
Chen Ping said truthfully.
“I’ll tell you the address of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, and then after I give you a token, you just need to take it and find Shi Qingpei, he will naturally lend you the Heavenly Chance Order!”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, he directly picked up a brush from the table and then tossed it to Chen Ping, and gave the exact address of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion as well!
Chen Ping took the brush and covered the brush with his divine sense. He found that the brush was just a very ordinary brush without the slightest fluctuation of spiritual energy!
Chen Ping did not understand how this very ordinary brush had become a token!
But he didn’t dare to question Mr. Shi, so he could only thank him and retreated from the Dharma Protection Pavilion!
“Chen Ping, how was it, did you get the question?”
Hu Ma Zi saw Chen Ping come out and asked.
Chen Ping nodded, “I’ve asked, we’re ready to go to the Hundred Refinements Pavilion ……”
Having just returned for a day, Chen Ping had to leave again.
Although Gu Ling’er and the girls were reluctant to leave, knowing that Chen Ping was also trying to save Su Yuqi, they could only pray that Chen Ping would have a safe journey!
The ones who were most upset were Hu Puzi and Zhou Jie!
Hu Ma Zi took advantage of the break in waiting for the bus and followed Zhou Jie for a bit before following Chen Ping!
And just as Chen Ping was following Hu Puzi on his way to the Hundred Refinement Pavilion on Mount Buyun, a light flashed within the secret territory of the Demon Heart Sect, and Ning Zhi and the Demon Envoy slowly walked out of the light!
At this moment, Ning Zhi’s body emanated a strong aura, carrying a strong sense of oppression!
“As expected of an Inferno Demon Body, your physique and bloodline are already beginning to develop, in such a short period of time, you’ve actually broken through to Martial Saint strength and reached the fourth rank of Martial Saint strength.”
“With this Inferno Demon Physique of yours, even if you were to run into a Fifth Grade Martial Saint, you would still be able to secure a victory!”
The Devil Envoy looked at Ning Zhi admiringly and said.
“All thanks to the great masters and Lord Devil Envoy for nurturing me, I will definitely do my best in the future and work hard to glorify our clan!”
Ning Zhi said very modestly.
“Very well, I know you have always wanted to find that Chen Ping to avenge the murder of your father, so here is your chance!”
“That Chen Ping found the entrance to our secret realm and tried to forcefully break through it, but failed, so I’m going to let you go out and stop that Chen Ping from stepping into our secret realm!”
The Devil Envoy said indifferently.
“Lord Devil Envoy, the entrance to our secret realm cannot be opened no matter how strong it is, even if we don’t stop it, there is no way that Chen Ping can step into the secret realm, right?”
Ning Zhi said with some confusion!