Soon, the car arrived at the outskirts of the venue, quite a number of Protectorate agents were guarding the various intersections, checking every pa*sing vehicle!
“Chen Ping, you guys should be careful, the Jiang family has come with quite a few people, all of them experts, one of the cars had no idea what kind of person was sitting in it, it drove straight in!”
Gu Ling’er walked over and barked at Chen Ping.
“Got it!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
With a wave of Gu Ling’er’s hand, the car was released and Chen Ping drove inside the venue with them!
Entering the venue, there were still people from the Alliance keeping watch, but with Red Phoenix around, they got in easily!
After Chen Ping and Red Phoenix stepped down from the car together, they instantly attracted the attention of many people.
After all, the main characters of today’s ring match were Red Phoenix and Jiang Zhengzhong, and people were looking to see who would win in the end between these two.
“Master, isn’t that man Chen Ping?”
At this time, beside Jiang Zhengzhong, the butler Old Liu said as he pointed at Chen Ping beside Red Phoenix.
Jiang Zhengzhong’s brow furrowed and his eyes were filled with killing intent, after all, his enemy was right in front of him, so how could he not be furious!
“How come this Chen Ping is with Red Phoenix?”
Jiang Zhengzhong’s face was full of confusion!
The butler, Old Liu, also shook his head, he wasn’t sure how Chen Ping could be following Red Phoenix.
“D*mn it …………”
And Jiang Wenjie, who was behind Jiang Zhengzhong, was enraged after seeing Chen Ping’s unexpected appearance, and rushed out with one quick step!
“Chen Ping, you really have a lot of guts, you dare to come to this place, today I will take your life to avenge my sister!”
Jiang Wenjie reached Chen Ping in a rage and slammed his fist towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not dodge, nor did he strike, while Red Phoenix, who was beside Chen Ping, reached out and grabbed Jiang Wenjie’s wrist with a cold face and said, “Jiang Wenjie, if you touch Mr. Chen, I will make your life worse than death ……”
Red Phoenix’s voice was cold and piercing, hitting Jiang Wenjie straight in the heart!
Compared to Red Phoenix, this point of Jiang Wenjie’s strength was really not enough!
“Wenjie, come back …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong shouted towards Jiang Wenjie.
After Jiang Wenjie let out a cold snort, he turned around and walked back behind Jiang Zhengzhong!
This time, everyone’s eyes fell on Chen Ping!
In the last few days, the name Chen Ping had been heard like thunder among these martial arts families, it was just that many of them hadn’t seen it before!
“Holy sh*t, this is Chen Ping? He looks quite young? How did he wipe out the Wei family at such a young age?”
“What kind of relationship does this Red Phoenix have with Chen Ping, why is he still protecting him? He’s not a good friend, is he?”
“Shh, don’t talk nonsense, be careful of getting into trouble, didn’t you hear that Red Phoenix directly address Chen Ping as Mr. Chen, it seems that this kid has a great background!”
“This is going to be a good show, it seems that the Jiang family and that Red Phoenix Hall are going to be at loggerheads!”
The crowd chattered and became even more excited about the ring match that would take place later!
Red Phoenix invited Chen Ping to his seat, which happened to be opposite the Jiang family, and all the Jiang family members looked at Chen Ping angrily.
Because the man was wearing a hat and was just eating and drinking with his head down, Chen Ping could not see the man’s face, but he could feel the surge of aura from that man’s body!
All the people in the martial arts world were surging with qi energy, while this man was surging with spiritual energy, which had to make Chen Ping pay heavy attention to it.
“Could it be that the Jiang family had also invited a cultivator?” Chen Ping frowned slightly, but under Chen Ping’s careful probing, he found that the spiritual energy on that man was very weak, again not like a cultivator!
“Watch out for yourself when you go on stage later!”
Chen Ping barked at Red Phoenix.