“Xiao Ru …………”
Seeing this, Chen Ping yelled out and tried to push Xiao Ru away.
He knew that Xiao Ru was only a Martial Sect Strength, and would not be able to carry Zhu Zhishan’s kick.
However, the kick was too late, and Zhu Zhishan’s swift kick ruthlessly landed on Xiao Ru’s chest.
Zhu Zhishan’s entire body was also frozen, how could he have not expected that a woman would suddenly appear here.
Boom …………
There was a flash of light, and Xiao Ru’s body flew straight backwards, hitting the throne hard!
The formation on the throne shook Xiao Ru’s body here and sent it flying.
When Xiao Ru landed on the ground, her whole body became bloodless and her expression looked very painful!
Chen Ping fought to leap and reached Xiao Ru’s body, hastily picking her up.
“Xiao Ru, are you alright, are you alright ……”
Chen Ping scrambled to take Xiao Ru’s pulse, trying to check Xiao Ru’s body.
“Brother Chen Ping, I’m fine, it just hurts a little …………”
Xiao Ru said with a faint smile.
Chen Ping checked and found that Xiao Ru’s life was indeed not in danger, she had only suffered some minor injuries!
This made Chen Ping very strange, Zhu Zhishan is a Martial Marquis, this kick down, let alone a Martial Zong, even a Martial Marquis of the same rank, I’m afraid he would be seriously injured, but Xiao Ru is not much of a problem.
Just when Chen Ping was puzzled, he suddenly remembered the white armour, which had been integrated into Xiao Ru’s body.
At this moment, Chen Ping sighed, even after thousands of years of experience, he didn’t expect that the armour was still so indestructible!
Click, click …………
Subtle cracking sounds rang out, and the cracks on that mermaid sculpture grew larger and larger.
And the formation on the throne was beginning to weaken, only no one was paying attention!
“Chen Ping, I didn’t expect someone to come out of nowhere to save you guys at a time of crisis, but she can only save you this time, I’ll see who else can save you this time ……”
Zhu Zhishan walked up to Chen Ping with a cold smile on his face.
Chen Ping’s face was grave, at this moment his spiritual energy had long been deficient, facing these people from Zhu Zhishan, Chen Ping did not have the slightest chance of winning.
“It looks like I’m really going to die here today?”
Chen Ping looked around and felt a little resigned inside!
“Master Zhu, you’d better leave him to me to kill ……”
Long Xiao walked forward and said to Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan glanced at Long Xiao, he understood what Long Xiao meant, he was looking at Chen Ping’s strength, he wanted to absorb Chen Ping’s strength and become his own use!
Zhu Zhishan didn’t make it clear, but nodded and took two steps backwards, which was a kind of adulting.
Long Xiao walked up to Chen Ping with a cold look on his face, the corner of his mouth slightly raised, “Chen Ping, soon this skill of yours will become mine, I will make you watch yourself slowly turn into a dry corpse with your own eyes ……”
Saying that, Long Xiao’s hand slapped towards Chen Ping’s head, he wanted to suck Chen Ping’s strength.
Seeing this, ruthlessness flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes instantly, and finally, with a grit of his teeth, he actually pulled out that Yuan Ying of Du Da directly, and then swallowed it in one gulp.
Boom …………
In an instant, the spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s body exploded, and the originally dried up dantian was now filled with spiritual energy!
The aura on Chen Ping’s body also began to become rampant.
Long Xiao’s face changed slightly, and the hand that he had extended, unconsciously gave back and retreated three steps in a row.
Although the spiritual energy on Chen Ping’s body had recovered, his face was showing heartache!
If he had been able to cultivate and slowly absorb this YuanYing, he might have been able to raise Chen Ping’s realm by one step.
But now, Chen Ping swallowed the YuanYing, although his spiritual energy had recovered, the effectiveness of the YuanYing would have to be greatly reduced, it was simply a waste.