But who knows, when Tian Luo heard that, he immediately laughed out loud and said, “You want to use the name of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect to scare me? The Ten Thousand Swords Sect has long been destroyed by our Demon Sealing Alliance, you think I don’t know that.”
“You a leaky fish of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, I just happen to slaughter you today, and it’s also a way to get a little bit of merit ……”
After saying that, Tian Tian Luo swept his body straight towards Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu’s face changed drastically, he didn’t expect that the demonic cultivator in front of him was actually someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
However, just as Tian Luo arrived in front of that Zhu Qingxiu, Chen Ping’s figure instantly appeared!
Suddenly, it was a punch that was blasted out!
Boom!
This punch hardened and forced that Tian Luo to a halt!
“Are you alright?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards Zhu Qingxiu!
“I’m fine ……,” Zhu Qingxiu shook her head!
“Chen Ping?”Tian Luo was startled when he saw Chen Ping appear!
Chen Ping looked at Tian Luo, he was not at all surprised that Tian Luo knew him, after all, the Demon Sealing Alliance had always been after him.
“Today is really my lucky day ah, to think that I ran into you, when I capture you back to the Demon Sealing Alliance, not only will I get a hundred years of offerings, but I will also be able to come and go freely in the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Tian Luo was overjoyed, then he violently raised the long sword in his hand and ruthlessly chopped towards Chen Ping!
At this moment, Tian Luo had long forgotten that hunchbacked old man’s advice and was bent on capturing Chen Ping!
A sword blade instantly exploded, while Chen Ping was escorting Zhu Qingxiu back and forth, the strength of the second rank of the Mahayana realm was not to be underestimated!
After escorting Zhu Qingxiu to a safe position, Chen Ping’s figure stabilised, and the Dragon Chopping Sword instantly appeared in his hand!
The dragon roared and the sword light flashed!
A streak of sword light also exploded in Chen Ping’s hand!
Boom boom boom …………
Accompanied by the collision of one sword light, Tian Luo only felt a huge force coming over him, causing him to retreat backwards!
The blood red longsword in his hand was trembling violently!
“Good boy, at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, yet you are able to erupt with such power, if I didn’t know your true strength in advance, I would have suffered a loss with that sword just now!”
Tian Luo’s eyes were slightly condensed as he looked towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword and his face was grave, as the fellow in front of him was not easy to deal with either!
Only to see Tian Luo slowly raise the blood red longsword in his hand, and in a moment, the surrounding void suddenly began to tremble!
Immediately after that, the void unexpectedly began to crack, and a red aura swarmed into that blood red longsword from where the cracks were!
In the next second, Tian Luo’s figure suddenly disappeared!
Boom!
A sword light then seemed to shoot out from the void!
A cold aura flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes as he held the Dragon Cutting Sword in both hands and picked it upwards in a smooth manner!
With this sword, golden light shot out in all directions!
Accompanied by a deafening sound, the entire void seemed to explode!
Chen Ping and Tian Tian Luo’s figures simultaneously retreated backwards!
However, it was only an instant before the two rushed out once again, accompanied by a roaring sound as sword light shot out in all directions!
Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu, who were watching the battle from the side, were both tense, they didn’t know if Chen Ping was this guy’s opponent!
“Mr Chen, let me help you ……”
After seeing Chen Ping follow his opponent for a while, Zhu Qingxiu went up with his sword!
Although Zhu Qingxiu only had the strength of the first rank of the Mahayana realm, but at this difficult time, her strike was able to tip the scales in favour of Chen Ping’s side!
Zhu Qingxiu rushed out as a sword light, and when Ji Yun saw this, he also leapt up, intending to fight three against one!
Tian Luo’s figure was forced back, seeing that Chen Ping and the others were outnumbered and he himself was no match, he could only violently swing out a sword aura, and then his entire person instantly disappeared into the void!
Zhu Qingxiu still wanted to chase after him, but was stopped by Chen Ping!
“Don’t chase, let’s quickly go to Germanium Lushan, I hope that these demonic cultivators aren’t running towards the Divine Demon Battlefield.”
Chen Ping knew that this fellow could never be alone, there must be helpers!
If a few helpers of the same strength or even higher strength came at this time, Chen Ping would be too passive!
Therefore, Chen Ping must now find the Divine Demon Battlefield and then search through it before saying anything!