“Yes, master he is in a coma, the whole person is aging, his hair is turning white again, Mr Cheng you quickly go and take a look ……”
Jiang Yulian was very anxious, said and cried again.
“Miss Jiang, you don’t need to be anxious first, I will go with you to take a look ……”
Chen Ping said and followed Jiang Yulian to quickly leave! . .
When Chen Ping arrived at Patriarch Jiang’s room, he found that it was surrounded by people, while Patriarch Jiang was lying on the bed, his entire body dry and thin with white hair!
Chen Ping went forward and immediately poured in a spiritual qi, and then Patriarch Jiang slowly woke up!
“Master ……”
Seeing that Patriarch Jiang had woken up, Jiang Yulian as well as Zheng Jian and the others all shouted!
“Miss Jiang, you two stay, it’s better to let the others leave, too many people are affecting the treatment!”
Chen Ping saw the room full of people crying and shouting, his brows frowned slightly and said!
Jiang Yulian nodded and hurriedly drove everyone out!
“Patriarch Jiang, how are you feeling?”
Chen Ping asked to Patriarch Jiang!
Patriarch Jiang glanced at Chen Ping, and then let out a sigh, “It seems that I am truly at the end of my life, Mr Cheng is right, my Yang Yuan is about to expire, I am dying, and I am not sick.”
“That Divine Doctor Liu lied to us and cheated away the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng as well, I can feel that my end is near.”
When Patriarch Jiang finished speaking, he glanced at Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian and said “Listen you two, after I die, immediately take the Soul Demon Sect and move to a more remote place, there’s no need to be tracking down any traitors, we’ve all been tricked by that Divine Doctor Liu.”
“It must have been him who leaked your whereabouts and then gave the Soul Fixing Pearl to the other party, he knew that I was in Longevity Failure, and purposely said that the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng could cure it, just to get that Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng!”
“Master ……” Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian knelt on the ground and cried!
Jiang Yulian even bailed on Chen Ping’s leg “Mr Cheng, please, save my master, as long as you can cure my master, whatever you ask me to do is fine …………”
Chen Ping was changing into a middle aged uncle at the moment, the fact that Jiang Yulian could still say such words proved that she cared too much about her master!
“Miss Jiang, I will do my best to make Patriarch Jiang recover, don’t worry!”
Chen Ping helped Jiang Yulian up, then looked at Patriarch Jiang and said “Patriarch Jiang, I have known for a long time that your longevity decline is coming to an end, so in the past two days, I have specially refined a lot of pills, so you can take these pills.”
Chen Ping took out the pills he had refined and then handed them over to Patriarch Jiang!
“Mr Cheng, thank you for your kindness, only this life failure of mine is the way of heaven, it’s the end of my Yang Yuan, no elixir can possibly stop it.”
“Everyone has a death, even cultivators can’t avoid it, this is the law of heaven, it can’t be changed, only there’s no way in helping your friend to remake his flesh, it’s really a pity!”
Patriarch Jiang was going to die, but he was still considering the matter of remoulding Ochre Yan’s physical body!
“Patriarch Jiang, the laws of heaven cannot be violated, but if you increase your realm, your lifespan will increase along with it, that’s not going against the laws of heaven ah.”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Cheng, I know what you mean, but even if I raise my realm now, I won’t be able to carry the thunderbolt at all, and by then, I will be ashes, I won’t even be able to keep a whole body, it’s better to die slowly like this!”
Patriarch Jiang slowly shook his head and said!
“Patriarch Jiang, I can think of a way to help you get through the lightning tribulation, right now realm advancement is the only chance you have to survive, even though the tribulation can’t be passed 100%, there is always a chance.”
“But if you consume like this, you are bound to die, there is no chance at all ……”
Chen Ping urged at Patriarch Jiang!
After all, this kind of thing would only work if Patriarch Jiang agreed and he himself had a strong desire to live, if he himself was bent on death, there was nothing Chen Ping could do!