“Mr. Chen, I’m ashamed, I’m ashamed, I didn’t actually do anything!” Li Shouyi said awkwardly, his address for Chen Ping had changed!
“You’ve done me a favour by coming over!”
Chen Ping didn’t blame Li Shouyi for not making a move, after all, facing a warlock like the Xuan Yue Valley’s Left Patrolman, Li Shouyi bringing the Guardian Pavilion’s to make a move would be to send him to his death for nothing!
“Mr. Chen, I have a not-so-mature idea, I hope that Mr. Chen can join the Dharma Protecting Pavilion, when the time comes, I will definitely arrange a position for Mr. Chen as a deputy pavilion master!”
This was Li Shouyi’s intention to drag Chen Ping into the Dharma Protector Pavilion, if the Dharma Protector Pavilion had someone like Chen Ping to sit in the town, the status of the Pavilion would be raised quite a bit in the future, even those martial arts clans wouldn’t dare to look down on the Dharma Protector Pavilion!
“I still have a lot of things to do, thank you, Pavilion Master Li, for your kindness!”
Chen Ping shook his head, he wouldn’t join the Dharma Protector Pavilion, after all, there were too many rules for such an official organisation!
“Mr. Chen, if you don’t mind the low position, it’s fine if I give you the position of Pavilion Master, I’ll be the Vice Pavilion Master and a*sist you on the side ……”
Li Shouyi hurriedly said.
Chen Ping shook his head, “Pavilion Master Li misunderstood, I really have a lot of personal matters to take care of, I can’t join your Guardian Pavilion, but if Pavilion Master Li needs help with anything, I can help!”
As soon as Li Shouyi heard this, his heart burst with joy, “Then I would like to thank Mr. Chen in advance, and if you need my Dharma Protection Pavilion, I will also be obliged to do so!”
After following Li Shouyi for a while, Chen Ping left and went straight to Gu Ling’er’s residence!
During the few days he had been in seclusion, Su Yuqi had been following Gu Ling’er to live with him!
When he arrived at the place, Chen Ping found that the door was locked and the two people were not even at home, so he made a phone call and after knowing the location of the two people, Chen Ping went straight there!
It turned out that in the past few days, Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi both shopped for things every day, and today was no exception, they were wandering around a market!
“Chen Ping …………”
After Su Yuqi saw Chen Ping, she waved her hand vigorously!
Chen Ping hurriedly ran over and picked Su Yuqi up in a hug and spun her around!
“If you two are always spreading dog food in front of me, I’ll be gone!”
Gu Ling’er was rolling her eyes at the side!
“Why don’t you find a boyfriend too, so you can spill dog food too!”
Su Yuqi said with a smile.
“No, I’m not looking for one, they’re all rough guys, if only I could find someone like Chen Ping!”
Gu Ling’er blurted out.
When Gu Ling’er finished speaking, she felt that she had said something wrong, and her face just blushed, she had unknowingly taken Chen Ping as the standard for men in her mind.
Seeing Gu Ling’er blush, Su Yuqi giggled and said, “If you like him so much, can’t we both be his girlfriend?”
Hearing this, Gu Ling’er blushed even more and glared at Su Yuqi, “Quickly stop talking nonsense, that wouldn’t make him beautiful!”
As Chen Ping listened to Su Yuqi’s words from the side, he also felt speechless for a while and could only laugh bitterly!
“What are you laughing at? I was just joking, you’re not going to take it seriously, are you?”
Seeing Chen Ping laughing, Su Yuqi directly questioned at Chen Ping.
“I listen to you all ……” Chen Ping did not directly answer Su Yuqi’s words, but cleverly avoided them, still making Su Yuqi’s heart very satisfied!
Sure enough, hearing Chen Ping say so, Su Yuqi said with a satisfied smile on her face, “Go, I’ll take you for a stroll ……”
The three of them strolled around the market, because they had never strolled around the market in the provincial city, Chen Ping still felt a bit new, the market was huge, there were all kinds of things for sale inside, and there were also places to play!
Just when the three of them reached a street corner, they saw a group of people gathered there, each one yelling loudly, not knowing what they were doing!