Chen Ping gave Liu Xueyi a disdainful look and said, “We are talking, what are you barking about? I really can’t beat him, but if I want to kill you, believe it or not, it’s just a matter of lifting my hand?”
“You …………”
Liu Xueyi looked at Chen Ping with that look in his eyes, for a moment he was afraid, his body slowly retreated back, retreating behind Qi Peijia!
Liu Xueyi knew that what Chen Ping said was true, if Chen Ping killed him to the death now, Qi Peijia might not be able to stop him!
So Liu Xueyi was afraid and was not messing with Chen Ping!
And not far away, Ning Caichen saw this scene and said very anxiously “Old Ancestor, do we need to step in and help Mr Chen?”
“No need ……” Ning Zhi shook his head!
“Old Ancestor, when we were in the Far North, Mr Chen also helped our Ning Family, we can’t just see him die, can we?”
Ning Caichen said!
At that time, if Ning Caichen hadn’t followed Chen Ping’s co-operation, Ning Caichen would have long since been killed by the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Five Elements Heavenly Fury!
“Don’t worry, this Chen Ping doesn’t die that easily ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes stared tightly at Chen Ping and said indifferently!
Ning Caichen froze and looked at Ning Zhi with some doubt, he didn’t understand this old ancestor of his, how could he know that Chen Ping wouldn’t die?
And by the looks of it, it was as if he followed Chen Ping very well!
“Kid, have you figured it out yet? Will you listen obediently, or do you want me to do it?”
Qi Peijia said to Chen Ping!
“I have never compromised with anyone yet, not to mention you, a tiny 8th rank of the Transitional Realm, even if an Immortal is in front of me, what’s that got to do with it.”
“I can’t beat you, but I will definitely rub your nose all over you and disgust you to death ……”
Chen Ping said with eyes full of ferocity!
“Kid, you have the balls, I would like to see what else you have in you.”
Qi Peijia said with a cold smile!
“Tell you, big master I have more skills, all take out, to scare you to death ……”
Chen Ping finished, hand suddenly more a long whip!r>
Just when Qi Peijia did not know, Chen Ping was holding a whip in his hand, what kind of weapon was it!
Chen Ping, however, lashed out a whip towards Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia did not dodge or flash, his eyes were filled with disdain, because he knew that with Chen Ping’s strength, he could not hurt him at all!
Now that he was wearing a black devil armour again, any weapon Chen Ping had would be for nothing!
But just when the whip arrived in front of him, Qi Peijia froze, and his eyes were filled with panic!
Because that draw devil whip on the emanation of the breath, surprisingly able to penetrate not through the black devil armour, directly to his sea of consciousness!
Snapping …………
Along with the Demon Drawing Whip fiercely smacking on Qi Peijia’s body, Qi Peijia’s entire body let out a muffled grunt and directly retreated three steps backward!
Qi Peijia only felt that his soul, was being viciously smacked!
That feeling was so painful that it made him a little breathless!
As for the other demonic cultivators, even if they weren’t hit by the Demon Drawing Whip, the aura from the Demon Drawing Whip alone made these people’s hearts tighten as if they were being hammered!
“What kind of weapon is this?”
Qi Peijia asked with a slight frown!
“This is a Demon Drawing Whip, specialised in beating you demonic cultivators ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“Demon Drawing Whip?”
Qi Peijia’s eyes slightly condensed “No wonder I can’t block this Black Demon Armour, it turns out that it is something that specialises in attacking the divine sense of our demonic cultivators.”
“Since you know it is powerful, then don’t get lost or I will whip you to death.”
Chen Ping said as he raised the whip of devil drawing!
“Hahahaha, you are really too naive, even if you have a devil whip, think you can defeat me?”
Qi Peijia laughed out loud.
“Whether you can or not, try it and you’ll know ……”
Saying that, Chen Ping once again lashed out a whip towards Qi Peijia!
Seeing this, the other demonic cultivators turned their heads and ran, hiding far away, fearing that they would be in the process of being made to feel uncomfortable by the aura from the Demon Drawing Whip.