The crowd couldn’t help but be amazed at such a scene!
And that Long Jingguo was nothing but anger and embarra*sment and shame!
His own son, the young master of the Long Family known as the pride of the heavens.
Now he had turned into a dead dog, being carried in someone’s hand!
Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping viciously, his eyes filled with rage: “Chen Ping, do you dare to kill me? If you kill me, not only will the Dragon Family not spare you, even the Martial Dao Alliance will not be able to spare you.”
“I’m not afraid of anyone!”
Chen Ping clenched his fist tightly, remembering that his own mother was still suffering in the Long Family, a monstrous hatred erupted from Chen Ping’s body, followed by a fist that smashed fiercely on Long Xiao’s body!
Long Xiao’s body was already bruised and battered, at this moment, after taking a punch, his whole body was afraid that he wouldn’t even have the strength to stand up!
Chen Ping casually threw his hand and Long Xiao fell to the ground, followed by a foot on Long Xiao’s head, Chen Ping’s gaze looked towards Long Jingguo in the stands!
Chen Ping’s eyes were full of provocation, a look that only Long Jingguo could understand!
Long Jingguo felt the look in Chen Ping’s eyes, his fists clenched and his teeth clenched!
In today’s battle, their Long Family had suffered a great humiliation!
Just as Chen Ping was not placing his gaze on Long Jingguo, Long Xiao unexpectedly pulled out a small gla*s bottle from his body.
The gla*s bottle was opened and a strong smell of blood came out!
Without hesitation, Long Xiao drank the bottle of blood down!
In an instant, Long Xiao’s qi was recovering rapidly, and his shrivelled body began to surge, his body burning with a blazing red flame, even Long Xiao’s eyes turned crimson!
Chen Ping frowned, his body retreated rapidly, looking at the change in Long Xiao’s body, in smelling that in familiar blood smell, the killing intent in Chen Ping’s body became even stronger!
“Yu Qi, this is Yu Qi’s blood?” Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao angrily, “You deserve to die, I will cut you into pieces ……”
Su Yuqi had been arrested and Chen Ping felt guilty for not being able to save her.
Now this Long Xiao was actually drinking Su Yuqi’s blood in front of Chen Ping, which directly stimulated Chen Ping’s nerves!
“D*mn you ……”
Flames burned on Long Xiao’s body, his entire body was like a man of fire as he charged towards Chen Ping violently!
Chen Ping reached out, the Dragon Chopper Sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand, and flames burned above the body of the Dragon Chopper Sword!
“What did that Long Xiao just take? How did the breath on his body recover so quickly?”
“It looks like blood to me, I wonder what kind of blood it is that can instantly increase strength!”
“The Dragon Family has quite a few treasures, and now that Long Xiao has just used them, it looks like he’s really outmatched!”
“This Chen Ping actually has a backhand, that sword he is holding is not an ordinary object at first glance ……”
The crowd was chattering!
At this moment, Long Xiao followed Chen Ping and fought together again, like two flames leaping and fighting!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand and slashed it across Long Xiao’s chest, blood instantly spilling out while that flame on Long Xiao’s body was extinguishing at a rapid pace.
“I will use your lives to make up for the damage Yu Qi has suffered ……”
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand erupted with countless sharp edges, followed by a stab towards Long Xiao!
But at that moment, more than when, there was a copper bell in Long Xiao’s hand!
Jingle Bell …………
Long Xiao gently shook the bronze bell, and immediately afterwards it emitted a pleasant sound!
A force then instantly soaked through everyone.
At this moment, time seemed to stop instantly, and the sword that Chen Ping had stabbed out, also stopped hard in front of Long Xiao.
In the instant when Chen Ping was frozen, Long Xiao slapped out with a fierce palm, the force of this palm directly penetrating Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body was like a kite with a broken string as it flew straight backwards and smashed heavily on the ground!