The next morning, Chen Ping followed his parents and then took the meat lingzhi to Pan Long Bay Villa!
And at this moment, at the entrance of Pan Long Bay Villa, Cui Zhiyuan, Sun Xiaomeng and Wang Lanlan were arguing with the security guard at the entrance!
“Why don’t you let us in, we’re here to buy a house, is this how you treat your customers?”
Sun Xiaomeng roared loudly at the security guard!
Originally, she was in a particularly good mood and had come to see the houses in Pan Long Bay, if the commission came down, she could make a down payment here, although she couldn’t buy a villa on the hill, she could get a loan to buy a house at the foot of the hill!
But who knew that once they arrived here, the security guard would not let them in, which made Sun Xiaomeng very angry.
“If you want to buy a house, you can go to the sales office next door, you can’t go in until you become owners ……”
The security guard said to Sun Xiaomeng with a bland face!
“How can we buy a house if we don’t go in to see the house type?” Sun Xiaomeng was still arguing!
“If you want to see the house, you can be taken in by the sales, you can’t go in alone, that’s our rule ……”
The security guard was still blocking the doorway and wouldn’t let them in!
“Xiaomeng, forget it, let’s go to the sales office and take a look first, then let the sales take us in and forget it ……”
Cui Zhiyuan pulled Sun Xiaomeng and said!
Although Cui Zhiyuan was also angry in his heart, but he did not dare to make trouble, this is Pan Long Bay, the best neighborhood in the whole Hong City, those who live here are big shots, he is a small department manager, how dare he make trouble here!
Seeing this, Sun Xiaomeng could only give that security guard a fierce glare and said, “You wait, when I become the owner, first let the property fire you ……”
Cui Zhiyuan left and went to the sales office, while the security guard sneered “What the hell, you really think you’re somebody ……”
Shortly after Cui Zhiyuan and the others left the entrance, Chen Ping drove over, in his second-hand Changan!
After the security guards saw Chen Ping’s car from afar, they immediately waved their hands and signaled Chen Ping to stop!
These security guards had been working at Pan Long Bay for quite some time, and had never seen any of the owners living here drive a Changan!
When Chen Ping stopped the car, one of the security guards quickly ran over and wanted to ask Chen Ping what he was doing.
But when Chen Ping rolled down the window, the security guard froze when he saw Chen Ping!
It took a while before he responded, “So it’s Mr. Chen, I’m really sorry ……”
Chen Ping had been living in the villa at the top of the hill some time ago, and to know that that villa was the most expensive in the entire Pan Long Bay, so these security guards all knew Chen Ping!
“It’s alright!” Chen Ping smiled lightly!
Soon, that security guard waved his hand with a used, “Hurry up and open the door, it’s Mr. Chen ……”
The security guards at the door heard that it was Chen Ping and hurriedly opened the door, and as Chen Ping drove by, the security guards hurriedly saluted!
But just as Chen Ping’s car was about to enter the entrance, a red Maserati suddenly rushed in front of Chen Ping, trying to overtake him and enter the neighborhood!
Chen Ping was unable to brake and crashed directly into the rear of the Maserati, leaving several of the security guards dumbfounded, none of them had expected a car to suddenly rush by and have a crash!
This was at the entrance to the neighbourhood, and they were responsible for what happened, so the guards looked at the red Maserati in anger!
“How the hell do you drive? How dare you hit my car with a broken Changan? Do you know how much this car of mine costs?”
A woman wearing sungla*ses and a fashionable straw hat on her head stepped out of the car and looked at her beloved car being hit and cursed directly at Chen Ping!