With a wave of his hand, Chen Ping retrieved the silver needle factor and put it back inside the cloth bag!
“There, just recuperate quietly for a few days and you’ll be fine ……”
Chen Ping said to Old Song.
“Wife, wife ……”
Old Song hastily called out to his wife!
The old woman slowly opened her eyes and after seeing several people inside the room, she said with a confused look on her face, “Old Song, why are there so many people at home?”
“Oh, it’s nothing, this is the one invited to see you, you’re fine now, rest well!”
Old Song said happily when he saw that his wife was really alright!
Chen Ping and the others walked out of the room and came inside the courtyard, while Old Song came out and knelt down directly to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was stunned, and with one hand he hurriedly lifted Old Song up, and did not let him kneel down!
“Benefactor, thank you for your great kindness, our family doesn’t have much money, and we don’t know how to repay our benefactor ……”
Old Song kept following Chen Ping and thanking him!
Old Song went from being skeptical at first, to now being grateful to Chen Ping that is!
“Old Song, Mr. Chen didn’t come here for the money, you don’t have to be so ……”
Gu Wentian persuaded Old Song!
If it was because of money, Chen Ping wouldn’t have come!
“Yes, yes, yes, people aren’t short of money at all!” Old Song nodded his head repeatedly, after all, he saw that Su Yuqi and Chen Ping had come in a luxury car, how could they be short of money.
“I’ll catch a few chickens and ducks for Mr. Chen to stew and eat, they are all raised by our own family, they have not been fed with feed ……” Old Song said, about to go and catch a few chickens and ducks for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping hurriedly stopped and said, “Old Uncle Song, don’t be polite to me, if you really want to thank me, then can you give me the meat lingzhi? I can pay for it ……”
Old Song was stunned and looked at Chen Ping with a puzzled expression, “Mr. Chen, didn’t you say that this thing has no medicinal value and is poisonous, what do you want this for?”
“It is true that this thing must be of no use out of ordinary hands, but I have a need for it in my kung fu practice ……”
Chen Ping cultivates, it just so happens that he can use this kind of thing, if he can absorb the essence within the flesh Lingzhi, Chen Ping believes that his strength will definitely improve a lot!
“Since it’s useful to Mr. Chen, I’ll just give it to you, it’s just throwing it away in my hands anyway, I wouldn’t dare to leave it at home ……”
Old Song didn’t hesitate and gave Chen Ping the fleshy Lingzhi in his hand straight away!
Chen Ping wanted to give Old Song money, but Old Song refused in one breath and didn’t ask for Chen Ping’s money at all!
After leaving Old Song’s house, Su Yuqi was a little disappointed and said, “I was expecting to see something new and strange, but it turns out there’s nothing ……”
Looking at Su Yuqi’s disappointed look, Chen Ping smiled lightly, “There are not that many ghosts and monsters, but if you have the chance to see one, don’t faint from fright only ……”
“With you protecting me, I won’t faint from fright!” Su Yuqi smiled at Chen Ping!
After sending Chen Ping home, Su Yuqi left straight away, and just after Chen Ping went upstairs, behind a big tree in the courtyard of the district, Wang Han Han slowly revealed her figure and looked at Chen Ping’s back with mixed feelings inside!
She had been secretly waiting for Chen Ping here for a long time, she wanted to see who this woman really was, but because it was too dark and Su Yuqi didn’t get out of the car, Wang Han Han still couldn’t get what she wanted!
“Daughter, go home, if Chen Ping really chose the rich girl, it’s also someone else’s choice ……”
Wang Changfeng gently patted Wang Hanhan’s shoulder and said!
“Mm!” Wang Han Han nodded, her eyes long moist!
And after Chen Ping returned home, he rested early, tomorrow Saturday, he just happened to go to Pan Long Bay, where the aura was relatively abundant, and there was no one to disturb, he just happened to absorb the essence of this meat lingzhi!