But such an outburst clearly came at a great cost. Blood began to seep from Chen Ping’s seven orifices, and web-like cracks appeared on his skin.
The white-clad girl gritted her teeth and rushed to his side, her spear flicking away two ambushers, “Are you trying to die?”
Chen Ping, however, was deaf to her words, his eyes consumed by slaughter.
Seeing Chen Ping’s frenzied killing, the soldiers of Feihu City felt a surge of fearless courage.
Shouting, they brandished their weapons and charged at the enemy once more.
On the battlefield, the sounds of battle cries, screams, and clashing weapons wove together into a tragic war song.
Blood continued to flow, corpses piled higher, and the entire battlefield was thick with the stench of blood and the aura of death.
Feng Xian looked at the horrific scene, his heart filled with sorrow.
He knew that if this continued, they would eventually be wiped out.
But he also understood that they had no retreat now, only a fight to the death!
Bai Yi, in his nine-tailed fox form, tore into the soldiers of Feihu City and the black-clad men with his jaws and claws.
A resolute glint flashed in Bai Yi’s eyes as he silently vowed that even if it cost him all his lifespan, he would avenge Nuo Qing and secure a sliver of hope for the brothers of Xiniu City!
As for Chen Ping, his gaze had become hollow, driven only by an obsession with killing.
He didn’t know how much longer he could hold on, but he knew that as long as he had a single breath left, he wouldn’t stop killing until every enemy was dead, avenging Xiu Rui and Nuo Qing!
The battle raged on, both sides pouring everything into this brutal slaughter.
No one knew how this battle would end, nor how many of them would leave this Asura battlefield alive…
Seeing this, the white-clad girl sighed helplessly, then pointed her broken spear skyward. A bolt of purple lightning shot into the void!
Suddenly, a deafening thunderclap echoed, and dark clouds gathered at a visible speed.
A purple thunderbolt, thick as a bucket, crashed down, reducing dozens of Feihu City soldiers to charred remains.
Everyone was stunned by this turn of events, momentarily halting. From the clouds descended a bronze war chariot, atop which stood a purple-robed elder holding a thunder seal, exuding an imposing aura.
Xie Zhong’s face paled, “Who are you?”
The purple-robed elder’s gaze swept the battlefield, ignoring Xie Zhong. When he saw Chen Ping, he frowned slightly, “Young friend, your spiritual energy is completely depleted. If you keep fighting, you will die.”
Chen Ping, however, grinned savagely and raised his Dragon-Slaying Sword, “What’s death to me?”
Before he finished, he spat out a mouthful of black blood and fell to one knee, stabbing the Dragon-Slaying Sword into the ground to steady himself.
The white-clad girl rushed to support him, discovering that many of his meridians had already shattered.
“Elder Thunder, help him…”
The white-clad girl looked at the purple-robed elder and said!
Clearly, this elder had been summoned by her!
The elder sighed, waving his thunder seal again. Countless bolts of lightning fell like rain.
They struck the black-clad Eight Halls members and Feihu City soldiers with precision, screams rising one after another.
Seeing the tide turn, Xie Zhong hurriedly ordered a retreat.
The battlefield finally fell temporarily silent, but the ground strewn with corpses and the pungent smell of blood reminded everyone of the battle’s ferocity.
Hu Mazi staggered over, looking at the near-unconscious Chen Ping and giving a bitter smile, “You kid…”
Before he could finish, his face changed dramatically, and he whipped his head towards the distance, “No! This aura…”
On the horizon, a pitch-black mist was spreading at an alarming rate. Within it, countless twisted figures could be faintly seen, and wherever it passed, grass and trees withered.
Niu Meng’s face grew grave, “It’s the Soul-Devouring Demon Army of the Demon Clan’s Dragon Hall. They’re here to take advantage of the chaos!”
The white-clad girl gripped her broken spear, her brows furrowed, and with a hoarse voice, she looked at the purple-robed elder, “Can we… still fight?”