Plus, Ji Ruxue was older and everyone knew about her relationship with Chen Ping, so everyone listened to what Ji Ruxue said!
Soon, someone had gone to the Medicine God Valley to invite Xu Changsheng, someone had started to repair the damaged gate, and someone else was dedicated to sealing the news!
You know that the Dragon Sect was now considered the largest sect in the entire Kyoto martial arts world, and Chen Ping was an idol sought after by many sects and families in the Kyoto martial arts world!
If word got out that the Dragon Sect had been provoked, and then the gates were destroyed and many people were killed, it would have a great impact on the reputation of the entire Dragon Sect and Chen Ping.
Under Ji Ru Xue’s sitting, stability was restored to the Dragon Sect, and after Xu Changsheng got the news, he rushed over as fast as he could!
But when Xu Changsheng saw the injuries of Long Xingxu and Hu Pazi, he could not help but look grave.
“Elder Xu, how are they? Is Pocky Hu still saved?”
Zhou Jie asked Xu Changsheng with a nervous look on her face.
“Miss Zhou, Master Hu’s injuries are too serious, all the tendons and bones in his body are shattered, I’m afraid that even a Da Luo Golden Immortal will find it hard to save him.”
“Even if he is able to keep his breath, I’m afraid he will never be able to stand up again and become an invalid!”
Xu Changsheng said with a soft sigh.
“This …………”
Zhou Jie looked at the fainting Hu Ma Zi and tears instantly flowed out of her eyes!
“Elder Xu, you must save Pocky Hu ……”
Zhou Jie said, about to kneel down for Xu Changsheng!
“Miss Zhou, don’t be like this, there is really nothing I can do ……”
Xu Changsheng’s face was full of embarra*sment!
“Elder Xu, is there nothing that can be done at all?”
Ji Ru Xue asked as she turned to Xu Changsheng.
“I don’t know if there is a solution now, I can only let the Valley Master take a look at it personally!”
Xu Changsheng slowly shook his head!
“But Chen Ping is now in the secret realm, no one knows when he will be able to come out!”
Ji Ru Xue frowned.
Chen Ping had brought Su Yuqi and the girls into the secret realm, no one could say when he would come out, but Pocky Hu and the others couldn’t wait for their injuries!
“I can only do my best now and try to make Master Hu and the others last as long as possible, there’s really nothing else I can do!”
Xu Changsheng said helplessly.
“I’ll go to the secret realm to find Mr. Chen ……”
Zhou Jie decided to enter the secret realm herself to find Chen Ping!
“Miss Zhou, don’t be impulsive, Chen Ping has said that although there is no danger in that secret realm, if you enter it, you might not be able to get out, Xiao Ru, Mei’er and the others are the best examples!”
Ji Ru Xue advised to Zhou Jie.
“Even if I’m trapped in the secret realm, I still want to find Mr. Chen ……”
There was determination in Zhou Jie’s eyes!
Seeing that Zhou Jie was so determined, Ji Ru Xue could only admonish, “Miss Zhou, then you must be careful and don’t tell Chen Ping when you see him first, so as not to make him too anxious and make any mistakes!”
“Okay, I know!” Zhou Jie finished speaking and headed straight for the entrance to the secret realm in the backyard of the Martial Alliance!
Opening the secret realm entrance, Zhou Jie entered the secret realm without hesitation!
And at that moment, Chen Ping and the others were still inside the Endless Cave!
Chen Ping had been pondering over the statues, trying to understand what was going on with them?
And who the hell was the one whose face he hadn’t seen!
The sudden transformation of the eight Elders of the Way of Asking Sect into statues, and the sudden demise of a sect as large as the Way of Asking Sect!
There seemed to be a lot of untold secrets in this!
And Chen Ping just wanted to figure out the secrets, only then could he get Su Yuqi and the girls out of here for good!
“Chen Ping, don’t be too concerned, even if we are trapped in this secret realm, there is no danger, and the environment here is quite nice.”
“Some things need to be done slowly, I’m sure you’d better be able to get us out of here for sure!”
Su Yuqi urged at Chen Ping!