Chen Ping gently held Zhu Qingxiu’s hand, and a spiritual power kept hitting Zhu Qingxiu’s body, which he hoped would make Zhu Qingxiu wake up!
However, after half a day of Chen Ping’s efforts, Zhu Qingxiu did not have the slightest reaction!
Chen Ping began to inject Immortal Qi and Dragon Qi into Zhu Qingxiu’s body, but it was still useless!
In the end, Chen Ping was exhausted and Zhu Qingxiu’s condition did not improve!
“Don’t waste your efforts, this girl child’s essence and blood is almost exhausted, it’s useless for you to input any more spiritual energy into her.”
“It’s probably not going to survive, while it’s still alive and the body is still warm, do whatever you want ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord’s voice sounded inside Chen Ping’s mind!
When Chen Ping heard it, he was speechless.
“sh*t, if you can talk, then talk, if you can’t talk, then shut your mouth, what kind of person do you see me as?”
Chen Ping was a little angry!
This was the first time he had disliked the Red Cloud Demon Lord in this tone!
Zhu Qingxiu had become like this because she was doing it for herself, Chen Ping had to save her no matter what, where was he to think about men and women now!
“How many women have you played with, what are you pretending now ……”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with a blank look!
Chen Ping was speechless and simply stopped ignoring the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
He flipped out a large number of pills from his storage ring, at this time Chen Ping did not care if those pills were precious or not, all of them were given to that Zhu Qingxiu to serve down!
He only had one thought right now, and that was to let Zhu Qingxiu live, and definitely not die!
Otherwise, Chen Ping could not afford this favour, and in the future, he would have to cover the Zhu Family Town all the time!
And Chen Ping would have a hard time with peace of mind for the rest of his life.
Soon, a large number of pills entered Zhu Qingxiu’s body, but Zhu Qingxiu still didn’t wake up, although Zhu Qingxiu’s body already had a large amount of breath surging around, but Zhu Qingxiu, who lacked essence blood, even if there was more breath, there was no way to wake up!
Just when Chen Ping was at a loss as to what to do, suddenly from that storage ring, the Fire Qilin staggered out.
Only to see that the Fire Qilin walked to the side, and then started to urinate as if no one else was there!
After peeing, the Fire Qilin returned to the storage ring, not even looking at Chen Ping’s shocked appearance!
Chen Ping’s face was furious, he was now at his wits’ end with the unconscious Zhu Qingxiu, and this Fire Qilin was still strutting out and peeing in front of him!
Just as Chen Ping was about to carry the Fire Qilin out of his storage ring and clean it up a bit so that it would know who was the master, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with some excitement, “It is truly the will of the heavens, it is destined that this girl doll will not be able to die ……”
Chen Ping froze, then asked, “Senior, what do you mean by that?”
“You fool, that Fire Qilin is a divine beast, and the urine of a divine beast is also an excellent spiritual liquid.”
“If you use the Fire Qilin’s urine as a lead, and refine some pills that replenish blood and fix essence, this female doll will be able to come back to life.”
“Not necessarily able to completely recover, but not to the point of losing her life ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was overjoyed and did not dare to have the slightest hesitation, he hurriedly took out the Divine Peasant Tripod, and then with a wave of his hand, a fire dragon emerged and gradually formed a shield around him, protecting Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu within it!
Chen Ping was too late to set up a formation, so he could only temporarily use his fire origin to act as protection!
Immediately after that, he put all kinds of materials and the Fire Qilin’s urine into the Shen Nong Ding!
As the fire rose beneath the Divine Farmer’s Cauldron, Chen Ping wasted no time in putting various Immortal Herbs into it!
Soon, a single pill was refined by Chen Ping and then placed into Zhu Qingxiu’s mouth!
After only a few moments, Zhu Qingxiu’s breath stabilised and she slowly opened her eyes!