Chen Ping’s palm only stopped a few centimetres away from Li Xing’s head, that Li King was a step late, Chen Ping would have killed Li Xing with a slap!
“I’ll exchange with you, you release my son, I’ll give you the God King’s Bow ……”
Saying that, the Knight King brought out that Divine King Bow!
Looking at the God King’s Bow, Chen Ping’s eyes unconsciously flickered with a brilliant light!
“Give me the God King’s Bow first, I will release your son after ……”
“You brought so many people, I’ll be on my own, I won’t be stupid enough to release them first ……”
Chen Ping said to the Knight King!
“So what if I give you the God King’s bow and you don’t release my son?”
King Knight asked!
“Do you have a choice now? You can only trust me.”
“If you don’t believe me, then we don’t need to exchange, I’ll kill your son and hang him on the city tower to boost morale.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he was about to walk back towards the city carrying Li Xing!
King Li hesitated, he did not dare to give the Divine King Bow directly to Chen Ping!
“King Knight, although that Chen Ping has good strength, he is just by himself, we will give him the Divine King Bow first and dry him out so he can’t brush off his tricks.”
“At that time, we will save the Prince and launch an attack on the city, as long as we capture the Demon Emperor City, the Divine King’s Bow will still come back obediently ……”
Elder Qi came forward and said to King Knight!
After hearing this, the King of Li gritted his teeth and said to Chen Ping, “Okay, I will give you the God King Bow first, but if you dare to trick me and not release my son, I will definitely let you die without a whole body……”
Chen Ping did not say anything, but raised his hand and gave that Li Xing a few slaps!
Li Wang dared to threaten himself, so Chen Ping hit his son!
Ah ah ah …………
Li Xing screamed miserably and all but cried.
Seeing this, King Li was also dry and angry and anxious, but there was nothing he could do, who let his son in the hands of Chen Ping!
Watching his son being beaten, the King of Li did not dare to talk nonsense anymore, and could only throw the Divine King’s Bow out towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping reached out and directly caught the Divine King Bow!
r> Feeling the aura from the Divine King Bow, Chen Ping’s heart was thrilled!
The Divine King Bow, had finally returned!
“Chen Ping, I have given you the Divine King Bow, can you release my son now?”
King Li looked at Chen Ping and asked!
“Of course, I am a man of honour, since you gave me the God King Bow, then I will release your son ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and casually threw that Knight Star!
Seeing this, the Li King leapt up and caught the Li Star, slowly falling to the ground!
Chen Ping’s body was retreating backwards in a hurry as he threw the Li Xing out!
After King Li put down Li Xing, he angrily shouted “Kid, I’ll see where you’re going to run ……”
“Knight King, no, there must be a formation under that Demon Emperor City, if you personally chase after it, you will definitely be in danger.”
“If anything happens to you, then won’t we be leaderless.”
“I think it’s better to start attacking the city, as long as the city breaks down, none of them can run away ……”
Elder Qi stopped King Knight and said!
Li Wang thought, also really so, so a big hand wave said “attack the city ……”
In an instant, tens of thousands of troops began to attack the city!
Yih in the city tower, looking at tens of thousands of troops hugely attacking the city, can not help but brow tightly locked, ordered his men to wait!
Chen Ping saw the other party shoot out a large army to attack the city, but did not run towards the Demon Emperor City, instead, he stood in place, quietly looking at the tens of thousands of enemy troops!
Seeing Chen Ping like this, everyone was confused, they didn’t know what Chen Ping was going to do?
Could it be that he wanted to rely on his own strength to fend off tens of thousands of troops?
“Mr Chen, quickly come back ……”
Seeing this, Yi He shouted!
“Chen Ping, come back.”
“Hurry back ……”
Gao Qilan and the girls were all anxious as well, shouting loudly!
However, Chen Ping did not move at all, the Divine King Bow had already been put away by him, holding the flickering light of the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and a golden armour of the Unbreakable Golden Body covering his entire body!