“Uncle Ge, as far as I know, there will be a large number of people from the Advocate family that will come to Kyoto in the next two days.”
Jiang Wei said.
“Coming to the capital?” Ge Fuhai was a little surprised, “What are they doing coming to Kyoto? Is it to draw official attention?”
Jiang Wei shook his head, “They came for the same reason as me, to step on people to get to the top ……”
This time, it could confuse Ge Fuhai, these people are all highly powerful, do they still need to step on people to get to the top?
“I know, in two days Chen Ping’s Dragon Gate will hold a ceremony, these people won’t be here to step on Chen Ping, right?”
Ge Jiayi questioned.
Jiang Wei nodded, “Nowadays, the most well-known person in the martial arts world in Kyoto is nothing but that Chen Ping, so anyone would want to step on him to get to the top.”
“Then you came to the capital to step on him as well?” Ge Chia-Yi frowned slightly, her face a little ugly as she said!
Jiang Wei could not yet tell that Ge Jiayi was upset and nodded, “Of course, as long as anyone defeats Chen Ping, their reputation in the martial arts world in Kyoto will rocket upwards, which is important for the future development of the family.”
“Humph, anyone of you who steps on Chen Ping is following my Ge family against us, and we will never stand by and watch.”
Ge Jiayi said in a stern voice.
Jiang Wei froze, then looked at Ge Fuhai, “Uncle Ge, what does Miss Ge mean by this? Could it be that the Ge family has something to do with that Chen Ping?”
Of course Ge Fuhai wouldn’t say anything about Chen Ping being the Lord of the Heavenly Dragon Hall and the Ge family being the Hall of the Heavenly Dragon Hall!
So he explained, “That Chen Ping is following my little daughter as a friend, so maybe in the future it will be a family, can you understand if I say this?”
As soon as Jiang Wei heard that, he suddenly realized, “Oh, so that’s how it is , in that case, I really want to meet that Chen Ping soon, what kind of charm does he have that can make a stunning beauty like Miss Ge like him!”
“I can tell you, if you dare to hit on Chen Ping, our Ge family will become deadly enemies with you in the future, so be good to yourself ……”
Ge Jiayi looked at Jiang Wei angrily and said.
Whoever followed Chen Ping against him now was an enemy of the Ge family!
Jiang Wei frowned slightly, and then looked at Ge Fuhai, knowing that in the secret realm, the Ge family followed the Tian Luo House was considered a cooperative relationship, was it just for a Chen Ping that the Ge family was going to follow the Tian Luo House and flip out?
Ge Fuhai nodded: “My little daughter is right, whoever follows Mr. Chen as an enemy, that is my Ge family’s enemy ……”
“Uncle Ge, can a single Chen Ping actually make your Ge family pay so much? Besides, the Ge family and the Tianluo House are now cooperating, can what you say represent the Ge family elders?”
Jiang Wei did not believe that the Ge family would dare to turn against the Tian Luo House for the sake of a Chen Ping!
Even if Chen Ping was Ge Jiayi’s boyfriend, what could he do?
Ge Fuhai’s family had a very low status in the Ge family, or else they wouldn’t have been sent to the secular world as spokesmen!
“Let me advise you, what I say, our clan elder will say the same, if you really dare to disrespect Mr. Chen, I believe the clan elder will not only break off the cooperation with your Tian Luo House, but will also spare no expense to make your Tian Luo House suffer.”
Ge Fuhai said with a stony face and was very serious.
Looking at Ge Fuhai’s look, Jiang Wei did not want to joke, so he smiled lightly and said, “Uncle Ge, I have no grudge against that Chen Ping, how could I target that Chen Ping, but a normal exchange of sparring, I don’t think Uncle Ge would mind, right?”
Jiang Wei had already said this, what else could Ge Fuhai say!
Couldn’t people still exchange sparring sessions?
You know that in the martial arts world, exchanging sparring is a normal thing.
“It’s fine to exchange sparring, but you have to stop at the end. If you have any bad intentions, it will definitely be you who will regret it!”
Ge Fuhai threatened Jiang Wei.
“No, since that Chen Ping is now considered half of Ge’s family, then he is on the same front as our Tian Luo House, how could I possibly have crooked thoughts ……”
Jiang Wei hurriedly a*sured.