“Damn, you’re just a little remnant soul, how dare you think ill of auntie, today I’m going to beat your soul to death.”
Lin Keting was enraged!
“Hahaha, your strengths are all suppressed, how dare you speak out loud.”
The man laughed out loud, he wasn’t afraid at all, although he was a body of a remnant soul and his strength had dropped by ten to one!
But against Chen Ping and the rest of them, who had their strength suppressed and were just ordinary people, it was still a handful!
“Go to hell ……”
Lin Keting violently opened her mouth and palm, and the runes in her palm flickered with light.
Immediately after, a golden light shot out towards the man!
The man was instantly startled, and his figure retreated rapidly, and the stone beasts on both sides of the great hall suddenly began to rotate!
The golden light impacted on the stone beasts, but it was reflected in the many stone beasts, and its power gradually disappeared!
Seeing that the strike missed, Lin Keting’s face became incredibly ugly!
Because she knew that she only had this one chance.
The man’s figure reappeared in front of Chen Ping and the others, and then stared at Lin Keting dead on, his eyes filled with anger.
“You little girl, what kind of person is that old Taoist? How did you come to have the runes that he drew for you?”
“Regardless of who you are to him, it’s all because of that stinking old Taoist that I’ve ended up in this situation today, and I just happen to take it out on you.”
After the man finished speaking, he flicked his palm!
A force directly lifted Lin Keting up, Lin Keting only felt that she was having trouble breathing, she was afraid that she was going to die.
Lin Keting desperately grasped the jade pendant, and when she wanted to break that life-preserving jade pendant, a sudden sword light attacked her!
“Let her go ……”
One could only see Chen Ping holding the Dragon Slashing Sword as he slashed out towards the man!
The terrifying sword intent caused the man to be a little surprised and directly let go of Lin Keting!
With this sword, Chen Ping himself did not even know how exactly he chopped out the sword intent!
“Kid, your strength is suppressed, but you still have such power, it looks like your fleshly body is indeed strong, it seems that I made the right choice.”
“If the flesh is not strong enough, it would not be able to withstand my taking over, for you to be able to be taken over by me is a blessing that you have cultivated for a hundred years.”
After the man finished speaking, he directly headed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not use his Dragon Slashing Sword this time, but instead slammed his fist out towards the man!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping shouted explosively, even the strength of his physical body caused Chen Ping to strike out ten thousand golden lights!
The man frowned slightly as his figure suddenly disappeared into thin air.
The light dispersed, and the man’s figure was long gone from the great hall.
However, just as Chen Ping was a little puzzled, a sudden force struck him, and Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards!
Boom Boom Boom …………
Chen Ping’s body smashed through several stone beasts and smashed heavily on the ground!
Just after stopping, Chen Ping began to spit out blood from his mouth, obviously severely injured!
“Chen Ping……” Lin Keting saw this and rushed over, looking at Chen Ping with a nervous face!
Chen Ping looked at Lin Ke Ting and was speechless for a while, if it wasn’t for this woman, Chen Ping might have played dumb and let that man enter his sea of consciousness unsuspectingly and take over himself!
“You brat, you even know the boxing techniques of the Heavenly Realm, if I’m not wrong, this punch of yours should be a Wind Demon Jedi.”
“I really didn’t expect that after thousands of years have passed, the Wind Demon’s Jedi can still appear in a little cultivator like you.”
“When I take over your body, I’ll let your strength increase by a large margin.”
The man’s figure slowly appeared in mid-air in the great hall, looking down at Chen Ping and Lin Keting!
“I won’t let you take over him ……”
Lin Keting blocked in front of Chen Ping, holding the life preserving jade pendant in her hand!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was speechless and hurriedly said, “Miss Lin, you should quickly leave and leave me alone.”
“No, I can never abandon you.”
Lin Keting shook her head!