“Kid, you seek death ……”
Tong Youcai shouted explosively as he swung out his blade once again!
This slash, surprisingly, emitted a diffuse sharpness that covered the sky, enveloping Chen Ping as a whole!
Chen Ping raised his Dragon Chopping Sword high without slowing down, accompanied by a dragon roar!
A harsh sword qi rushed out from the Zeng Long Sword.
The sword qi transformed into a golden dragon and shot straight up to the clouds, followed by the golden dragon turning into thousands of golden lights as it raced down from the sky!
All the blades in the sky were blocked, and one of the sword beams stabbed straight at Tong Youcai!
Tong Youcai’s face changed and he hurriedly threw out his sword to block it!
Clang …………
With a crunching sound, Tong Youcai felt as if his body had been hit by a huge boulder from beyond the sky, and the tremendous force made his arms go numb and his feet sink deep into the ground!
Everyone looked at the scene before them and acted incredulous, none of them could have imagined that a Martial Saint could explode with such power!
“The sword in his hand is a spirit sword that has opened its spirit, no wonder he has such guts to follow a Martial Saint in a battle.”
That Uncle Wang stared at the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand and spoke.
As soon as the crowd heard this, they too could not help but place their eyes on Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword!
“No wonder a Martial Saint can explode with such power, so he has a supreme spirit sword in his hand.”
A greedy glint emanated from Elder Pei’s eyes!
The elders of the other sects all had greedy looks on their faces as well, such a precious sword in the hands of a Martial Saint was a waste.
If this precious sword was in their hands, it would definitely be able to exert greater power!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled coldly as he listened to the words of several people.
“Since you all think that the power is brought to me by the precious sword in my hand, then I will not use the sword for this last move.”
Chen Ping flipped his palm and the Dragon Cutting Sword disappeared.
Both fists were clenched, and the golden light on his body flickered.
He was planning to follow that Tong Youcai in a battle with his bare hands!
A Martial Saint, still with bare hands and fists, following a Martial God in a fight where the other party was still holding a weapon?
Was this tired of living?
In the eyes of everyone, Chen Ping was tired of living and was actively seeking death!
At this moment, Tong Youcai felt a great insult, the long blade in his hand emitting a demonic crimson colour as he desperately worked his body’s aura!
With this slash, Tong Youcai knew that whether he could kill Chen Ping or not, he had lost all his face!
He had never thought that Chen Ping, a Martial Saint, would be able to resist two of his own moves, and that he would even have the upper hand!
For a while, all waited in silence for this slash from Tong Youcai, in fact, they were even more excited to see how Chen Ping would actually take Tong Youcai’s slash with his bare hands!
“Ah …………”
Tong Youcai erupted into a hissing roar as the long blade in his hand swung out.
Endless crimson light instantly reflected the sky red, while Chen Ping flew up in the air, his fists shining above him, his entire body piercing through that crimson light and smashing towards Tong Youcai!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping was like a heavenly immortal, his body emitting golden light, before his person arrived, the endless aura, already instantly pressed on that Tong Youcai’s body!
“Don’t …………”
Terror appeared in Tong Youcai’s eyes, the long sword in his hand blocked in front of him!
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s fist ruthlessly smashed on top of Tong Youcai’s long sword!
Ka-ching …………
With a crunching sound, Tong Youcai’s long sword instantly broke into two pieces!
And Tong Youcai’s body was directly smashed into the ground by Chen Ping’s fist, fiercely!
With the smoke and dust disappearing, Tong Youcai was now lying in a deep pit, spitting out blood, and his body was in an even worse state!
One pair of eyes looked at Chen Ping in disbelief.
He was a Martial God, a true Martial God, he had not modified his genes, and he had relied on his own hard work to cultivate this Martial God strength.
But now he was beaten by a Martial Saint in such a sorry state?
Everyone looked at the wretched Tong Youcai, and their eyes widened in shock!
They had just said that Chen Ping’s strength was due to the sword in his hand!
But now, Chen Ping had smashed Tong Youcai into the ground with his bare hands!
What else could they say at this point?
What other excuses could they make?
For a moment, the atmosphere froze, as if time had stopped at this moment, and everyone’s faces were filled with a dense sense of disbelief!