Mu Yao stumbled in mid-air and almost didn’t fall down!
Although he didn’t receive multiple injuries, the clothes on his body burned!
Mu Yao, on the other hand, was fleeing while extinguishing the flames on his body, his appearance was in a sorry state!
Looking at the fleeing Mu Yao, Shen Ji Zi was dumbfounded.
Originally, he was thinking about how to escape, but he didn’t want Chen Ping, a third rank of the Transitional Abstraction Realm, to beat away a ninth rank of the Transitional Abstraction Realm’s great cultivator!
If this was told, others would definitely hear it as a joke!
But it was indeed true!
Chen Ping did not chase after that Mu Yao, he had to go to the Snowy Stream Valley to help the Red Cloud Demon Monarch find the remains!
“Alright, don’t stare, let’s go to Snow Stream Valley and take a look!”
Looking at the dumbfounded Shen Ji Zi, Chen Ping faintly smiled and said!
“Good good good ……”
Shen Ji Zi nodded his head repeatedly, he did not dare to be the slightest bit offended right now!
If he offended Chen Ping, Chen Ping was afraid that he would pinch him to death with just one hand!
Chen Ping followed Shen Ji Zi for another ten minutes before he came to a canyon!
Here, the mountains towered over and everywhere was snow-capped!
But in the middle of this canyon, there was actually a small stream that was slowly flowing!
You have to know that the temperature here is extremely low, and there is snow everywhere, so how could a small stream suddenly appear?
And this stream is clean and clear, just can’t see any fish!
The Snow Brook Valley was also very quiet, no demonic beasts could be seen all the time, there were only some small animals that occasionally appeared and drank water by the stream!
“This is the Snow Stream Valley, and the name was also given because of this always flowing stream.”
“No matter how low the temperature is here, this stream will never freeze, it’s amazing.”
Shen Ji Zi said after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping bent down and touched his hand in the middle of the stream water, which was surprisingly warm.
“I didn’t realise that there are hot springs here, the hot spring water is bubbling up from the ground, so of course it won’t freeze.”
Chen Ping got up and said indifferently!
Where would a hot spring freeze!
“This is not a hot spring, nor is it bubbling up from the ground, these are formed when the snow melts.”
Shen Ji Zi said!
“Formed by melting snow? Then how could this stream be warm? Could it be that there is a fire in the centre of the earth here?”
Chen Ping did not understand how the snow could melt!
Unless there was a geocentric fire here, in which case the snow would melt when the ground temperature was high!
But if it was a geocentric fire, then it wouldn’t be this small stream of water, I’m afraid that all the snow here would melt, it would be a flash flood!
Chen Ping took Shen Ji Zi and followed the stream all the way upstream!
He wanted to see where the source of this stream was!
“Kid, there must still be my remains here, I can feel it!”
Just as Chen Ping was leading Shen Ji Zi all the way deeper towards the Snow Stream Valley, suddenly the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke up!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was immediately overjoyed!
If the entire remains of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch could be found here, then the Red Cloud Demon Monarch could be reborn!
Following the brook, all the way forward, when he reached the end of the brook, Chen Ping really saw that the snow that kept rolling down from the mountains would be melted and turned into a brook flowing slowly when it reached this place!
There was no hot spring water bubbling up here, it all came from the melting of the snow!
At the place where the snow melted, the stones on the ground actually had a maroon colour, as if they had been burnt!
Chen Ping reached out and touched the stones on the ground, and they were surprisingly very hot!
“What the hell is going on here? Could there be something buried here?”
Chen Ping stared at the area where there was no snow, his brows furrowed!
“This is it, my skeleton should be here!”
The voice of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch sounded once again!
Listening to the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Chen Ping then took out his Dragon Cutting Sword and decided to blast away the rocks on the ground to see what was underneath!
“Get out of the way, there must be something underneath this ground, otherwise it wouldn’t be like this.”
Chen Ping asked Shen Ji Zi to move aside a little, then holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, he ruthlessly chopped down on that stone!