“I go to your mother ……”
Chen leveled his personal anger rising, not waiting for Gu Kaiyuan to finish, a fist smashed towards Gu Kaiyuan.
Seeing this, Ning Zhi on the side suddenly saw his aura surge, a surge that was only a hair’s breadth away from the peak of Grand Master!
“Chen Ping, cooperate with us properly, you can still suffer less flesh and blood ……”
Ning Zhi said, directly facing a punch from Chen Ping!
Boom ……
There was a violent explosion, and the surrounding trees were blown over by the wave of air!
Chen Ping’s figure retreated in quick succession, while that Ning Zhi wasn’t much better, also retreating three steps before he could stabilize himself!
“No wonder you dare to provoke the Martial Alliance, your strength has improved a lot again!”
Ning Zhi said as he looked at Chen Ping.
“Cut the f*cking crap, if anything happens to Ling’er, I’ll make your two families disappear forever!”
Chen Ping finished his sentence, turned around and ran!
He had to go see how Gu Ling’er was doing, not wanting to follow these two in their fight!
“Duke Ning, this guy wants to run!”
Gu Kaiyuan hurriedly shouted when he saw that Chen Ping was going to run.
“Don’t worry, he won’t be able to run away ……”
Ning Zhi seemed to have his mind made up a long time ago and pulled out a silver shining wire mesh directly from his arms, not knowing what material it was made of!
“Skyrocketing Net …………”
Ning Zhi fiercely threw the wire mesh in his hand towards mid-air, and soon the silver glittering wire mesh, began to grow larger at a rapid pace and enveloped towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was startled, and in a flash of his mind, the Dragon Chopping Sword appeared in his hand, and a blazing flame burned on the Dragon Chopping Sword.
“Chop ……”
Chen Ping chopped out with his sword, the sharp blade, cutting straight through that silk screen!
A burst of fire shot out in all directions, followed by the sound of metal clashing, that silk screen was not damaged in the slightest under the Chopping Dragon Sword!
Soon, Chen Ping’s body was wrapped in the wire mesh, and it was getting closer and closer, no matter how much Chen Ping struggled, he couldn’t break free!
“Hahahaha, don’t bother with your efforts, this Heavenly Luo Earthly Net is a Heavenly Grade magic weapon, even if a Martial Marquis is trapped, he won’t be able to break free, for your sake, I’ve stolen all of our Ning Family’s treasures ……”
Ning Zhi looked at the trapped Chen Ping and said with a smug look on his face.
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open as he stared angrily at Ning Zhi, but the fact that this Ning family had so many magic weapons showed that their strength was anything but ordinary!
“Gu Kaiyuan, let’s begin!”
Ning Zhi said to Gu Kaiyuan.
Gu Kaiyuan nodded before taking the compa*s, a dagger slashed at Chen Ping’s finger, and a few drops of blood lowered onto the compa*s!
Soon, the blood was absorbed by that compa*s, and immediately afterwards the compa*s began to tremble violently as a burst of red light flashed up!
Buzzing …………
The compa*s trembled more and more frequently, emitting a buzzing sound, and eventually it actually turned into a dragon roar.
Rumble …………
Suddenly, the earth began to tremble, followed by the ground not far away actually towering high!
“It’s coming!”
Gu Kaiyuan said with excitement in his eyes.
Ning Zhi also had a brilliant gleam in his eyes, and a precious sword appeared in his hand!
The two men stood ready, while Chen Ping, who was trapped at the moment, felt the Dragon Crystal within his body tremble, as if it had sensed something!
Soon, the high rise in the ground was getting closer and closer to them, and Gu Kaiyuan hurriedly threw out the compa*s in his hand, which emitted a golden light that shone on the high rise!
“Ning Gongzi, make a move ……”
Gu Kaiyuan hurriedly shouted!
As soon as Ning Zhi nodded, his body leapt high into the air, and the long sword in his hand ruthlessly stabbed into that tall bulge!
A gush of blood spurted out from that bulge!
Ning Zhi’s heart fluttered with joy, and just as he was about to draw his sword and stab again, suddenly his whole body seemed to be tipped over by some huge force, and he flew straight out tens of metres away!