“Young master, stop it now, he is the one who killed Jiang Zhengzhong in the ring match, the Wei family and Jiang family were all destroyed by him, do you want the Wu family to follow in the footsteps of the Jiang family as well?”
Qi Bo said in a stern voice.
At this, that Wu Dong’s face was ashen, scared to death, and his mouth muttered, “I …… don’t know, what about this ……?”
“b*****d, come with me ………….”
Wu Liuyi picked up Wu Dong and left!
………………
Inside the Jiang family villa, Chen Ping and Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were having dinner!
“Ling’er, you don’t have to go back to your little house tonight, just stay here, it’s good to be my companion!”
Su Yuqi followed Gu Ling’er and said.
“I don’t want to be a light bulb, you two stay together at night, what am I doing next to you? Listen to the sound!”
Gu Ling’er said with a smile.
Su Yuqi blushed and glared at Gu Ling’er and said, “Don’t talk nonsense, the two of us are very innocent, we haven’t slept together at all ……”
“It’s all established, it’s fine to sleep together, you can still have a baby early!”
Gu Ling’er said with a playful look at Su Yuqi.
“Quickly pull back, I don’t want to have a child so early, I haven’t had enough fun!”
Su Yuqi rolled her eyes!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, he hurriedly ate a few bites of rice and then walked away, these two girls together, they simply dare to say anything!
Sitting on the sofa, Chen Ping intended to cultivate for a while, but he saw one of his men walk in!
“Mr. Chen, the head of the Wu family requests to see …………”
The henchman said.
Chen Ping wasn’t surprised, with Wu Liuyi’s character, he would definitely come when he found out.
“Just tell him I don’t have time!” Chen Ping waved his hand!
Soon the men went out.
Outside the villa, Wu Liuyi, with Wu Dong in tow, was anxiously waiting outside, carrying a very delicate gift box in his hand!
When he saw the man who had informed him come out, Wu Liuyi hurriedly went forward, “Little brother, what did Mr. Chen say?”
“Mr. Chen doesn’t have time!” After the handyman finished speaking, he closed the villa’s door.
Wu Liuyi and Wu Dong were outside and were a little dumbfounded for a moment!
“Dad, then …… what do we do then?” Wu Dong asked cautiously.
Pop!
Wu Liuyi directly gave Wu Dong a big mouth, “Kneel down for me, stay here and kneel until Mr. Chen sees us!”
Wu Dong dared not disobey and hurriedly knelt at the door, while Wu Liuyi went back to the car and waited quietly!
In the evening, lightning suddenly flashed and the rain poured down, and Wu Liuyi sat in the car, looking at Wu Dong kneeling in the rain, without the slightest movement on his face!
The next day, the rain cleared and a rainbow rose from the sky!
“It’s so beautiful …………”
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er shouted with joy as they looked at the rainbow.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was out in the courtyard getting some air and moving his body when one of his men came over and whispered a few words in Chen Ping’s ear!
Chen Ping faintly stared, then the corners of his mouth curled up in a smile, “Go out and take a look!”
The villa door opened, and after Chen Ping walked out, he saw Wu Dong still kneeling on the ground, his body dripping wet, his entire body looking wretched and his eyes listless!
Seeing Chen Ping come out, Wu Liuyi hurriedly greeted him, “Mr. Chen, my son is ignorant and has offended Mr. Chen, I really deserve to die, I hope Mr. Chen can spare my son’s life!”
Wu Liuyi said, hastily handing over the gift box, Chen Ping didn’t need to look, he could feel the fluctuation of spiritual energy inside and knew what it was!
“You’re welcome, Master Wu, it’s just a small misunderstanding, you don’t need to be so polite, take your son back with you, save yourself from catching a cold!”
Chen Ping laughed, took the gift and handed it to his men casually!
Seeing Chen Ping say so, Wu Liuyi was overjoyed and nodded his head repeatedly, “Fine, fine, thank you Mr. Chen for your generosity, I will host a banquet at my humble abode at noon, I hope Mr. Chen can enjoy it!”