Upon hearing this, Qi Heng’s face, which had just been smiling, instantly went cold, his voice icy cold, “I didn’t take the initiative to come to your Zhu family this time to discuss with you.”
“Since Zhu Qingyue has returned, we must consummate the marriage, if you don’t want to marry me that’s fine, then let me play for a few days, if I’m tired of playing, I’ll leave immediately!”
Qi Heng even said such words in public, and this was still in the Zhu Family, it was simply arrogant to the extreme!
“Qi Heng, you stinking rascal!”
When Zhu Qingyue heard this, her face flushed red with anger, itching to kill this guy on the spot!
“Duke Qi, you’re going a bit overboard!”
Zhu Yuanji frowned, his eyes also filled with anger!
Qi Heng had gone too far, treating his own daughter like what?
“Duke Qi, this is Zhu Family Town, not your Qi Family Town, although you have broken through to the Mahayana Realm and brought two eighth grade cultivators of the Transition Realm with you, if you really fall out, our Zhu Family Town is not something to be messed with.”
Liu Bo said with an icy face!
This Qi Heng is bullying people too much, although Liu Bo doesn’t want to follow Qi Jia Town to have a falling out, but right now, he also can’t let this Qi Heng be too arrogant, he has to suppress it a little bit before he can do so!
“You’re just an underling, how dare you threaten this gongzi?”
Qi Heng looked towards Liu Bo, then waved his big hand!
A majestic aura gushed out, and heat waves swept across the sky!
Liu Bo had a shocked look on his face, and without even reacting, his entire person was instantly sent flying by this breath!
“Liu Bo ……”
Seeing this, Zhu Qingyue and Zhu Yuanji rushed over!
But at this time, Liu Bo had long since lost his vitality, his body looked like it had been steamed, seeing how powerful that Qi Heng strike was!
“Qi Heng, you’ve gone too far, how dare you kill our people in public.”
“Even if I put my best foot forward today, I will never let you leave Zhu Jia Town.”
Zhu Yuanji was completely enraged!
Accompanied by the breath surging within his body, the skyrocketing anger directly toppled the roof of the hall!
A chime resounded in the sky above Zhu Jia Town, and all the people of Zhu Jia Town stopped what they were doing and leaned towards Zhu Yuanji’s direction!
They knew that this was a crisis that had befallen the Zhu Family Town, and that was why all these bells were ringing!
In a short moment, thousands of people from Zhu Jia Town surrounded Zhu Yuan Ji’s courtyard!
Some of Zhu Jia Town’s mid-levels had rushed into the hall, these people’s strengths were all in the Transition Realm, but they were only in the fifth or sixth level of Transition!
In front of Qi Heng’s Mahayana realm, they really weren’t enough to look at!
However, when these people looked at Liu Bo’s corpse, they were all furious, and even though they knew that they would not be able to defeat him, not a single one of them retreated!
Qi Heng looked at himself being surrounded and surprisingly didn’t have a trace of fear, instead he revealed a cold smile!
“A bunch of little rubbish, also want to deal with me?”
Only seeing Qi Heng’s big hand wave, those surrounding people from Zhu Jia Town all flew out backwards!
Qi Heng, on the other hand, took two of his men and directly leapt into mid-air, looking down on the entire Zhu Jia Town!
As Zhu Yuanji looked at those Zhu Family Town mid-levels who were killed by Qi Heng’s single strike, his anger had burned to the extreme!
Zhu Qingyue, on the other hand, gritted her teeth and soared into the sky towards Qi Heng!
However, he was pulled back by Zhu Yuanji, who would not watch Zhu Qingyue go to her death!
“Little Yue, it’s father who caused you harm, find a chance to escape, I shouldn’t have let Uncle Liu get you back.”
Zhu Yuanji regretted too much at this moment, Zhu Qingyue had run away, she shouldn’t be getting her back!
“Father, I don’t blame you, I don’t blame you ……”
Zhu Qing Yue cried!
Zhu Yuanji stroked Zhu Qingyue’s hair, his eyes filled with determination, then slammed his fist towards that Qi Heng!
The strength of the peak of the Ferrying Realm all exploded out at this moment!