“This Ning family’s kid is really bold, he dared to lead people to destroy the Vicious Valley and capture the four villains.”
“This kid has been full of devious ideas since he was a kid, this time he took advantage of the fact that the Vicious Valley and the Desolate Martial World were fighting to the death, and he made a profit from it.”
“What kind of grudge does the Ning family have against the Vicious Valley? How come this Ning Zhi is so ruthless?”
“It’s not because of that Chen Ping, I heard that this Ning Zhi has some grudges against Chen Ping too!”
“I hadn’t really seen that, this Ning family kid is really deep in hiding.”
The martial arts world was all talking about this matter.
But few knew all the ins and outs of the matter, but they were all just speculating wildly.
From the beginning to the end, it was all Ning Zhi who had planned the whole thing.
And those who knew about the whole thing had all gone to hell!
However, after this time, Ning Zhi’s name was also known in the martial arts world.
In addition, Ning Zhi’s name also appeared on the Prosperity List.
…………
“Ning Family, Ning Zhi …………”
Inside an ordinary office, Mr. Shi looked at the information on the forum and muttered to himself.
“Mr. Shi, the Valley of the Wicked is now almost destroyed by the Ning Family, and the Four Great Wicked Men have been captured alive.”
“Although the four villains don’t have a very good reputation, they haven’t done anything harmful to heaven and earth!”
“The Ning Family took advantage of the danger, do we need to give a warning?”
Zhao Wuji inquired to Mr Shi.
As Zhao Wuji followed Chen Ping, his heart naturally went towards Chen Ping, and it was for the protection of Chen Ping that the Vicious Valley was taken advantage of by the Ning Family, so Zhao Wuji wanted to help the Vicious Valley.
However, with his name as the Lord of the Dharma Protection Pavilion, he was afraid that the Ning Family would not pay attention to him, so only if Mr. Shi gave his word would these clans and families pay attention.
Mr. Shi didn’t pay any attention to Zhao Wuji, but looked at the message on the forum and muttered once more.
“Ning Family, Ning Zhi ……”
“I’ve never paid any attention to this young man.”
“Now it’s just the beginning, slowly someone will sit back and start to emerge.”
“This Ning Zhi is the first ……”
Mr Shi spoke to himself, while Zhao Wuji was confused but had no idea what Mr Shi was talking about.
“Mr. Shi, should we …………”
“Don’t do anything, go back!” Without waiting for Zhao Wouji to finish, Mr. Shi waved his hand.
Seeing this, Zhao Wuji could only turn around and go back.
He had the heart to help out the Valley of Evil, but he couldn’t do anything about it ……
…………
Kyoto Martial Arts Union!
Zhu Zhishan sat atop the main seat, while at the position below him sat Long Jingguo of the Long Family.
There were also some other people at the helm of other clans and families.
“Gentlemen, as the year draws to a close, this is the last alliance meeting of our Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance this year!”
“It is also the last time our Martial Dao Alliance will absorb alliance members this year!”
“Are there any clans and families that have submitted their applications?”
Zhu Zhishan swept a glance, then asked one of the elders beside him.
“Alliance Master, so far, not a single application has been received.”
The elder said in a somewhat embarra*sed whisper.
When Zhu Zhishan heard this, his face turned a little ugly.
There were many clans and families in the entire Kyoto Martial Dao world, but not even half of the members that they had absorbed into the Martial Dao Alliance.
In particular, a few large clans had no intention of joining the Martial Dao Alliance.
Moreover, these guys are constantly expanding their power, and they have the tendency to follow the Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance.
As the Alliance Master, Zhu Zhishan could not possibly watch such a state of affairs develop.
“Lord Zhu, since that Chen Ping killed Councilor Guo, the prestige of the Martial Dao Alliance has been damaged, and many sects and families are unwilling to join the Martial Dao Alliance anymore.”
“There are even quite a few clan families that want to quit the alliance!”
“On the contrary, that Ning Family, having exterminated the Valley of Evil and captured the Four Villains alive, many sect families are now beginning to show their goodwill towards the Ning Family!”
At this moment, a sect leader said.