The current Dong Liqun was at least a Martial Marquis.
And Chen Ping’s current strength was still a little difficult to fight against a Martial Marquis, but if he added others, he would definitely lose!
So Chen Ping wanted to escape, but it seemed that Dong Liqun had expected Chen Ping to escape.
Just as Chen Ping’s body leapt up, his hands instantly waved in the air!
A huge net compiled with powerful qi blocked Chen Ping’s path.
Chen Ping swung his fist and struck!
Boom!
Several lights flashed up and the giant net instantly turned into spots of light, while Chen Ping’s body was also directly knocked back in this instant and fell heavily to the ground!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that he had lost the best opportunity to escape.
Now at this time, perhaps attacking was the best defence.
Thinking of this, Chen Ping let out an explosive cry, the power of the divine Dragon was all mobilised, the Unbreakable Golden Body activated, and the scales on his body began to grow rapidly.
A dazzling golden light surrounded Chen Ping’s body.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
A fist shadow headed towards Dong Liqun, a monstrous momentum that instantly pervaded the entire Dong family.
Watching this scene, a hint of gravity flashed across Dong Liqun’s face, he did not expect Chen Ping to explode out with such a terrifying aura.
He now had some doubts as to whether it was worth it to offend Chen Ping for the sake of the dragon crystal.
However, now that the aura was approaching, Dong Liqun gently waved, and a light began to centre around him, then spread out.
In an instant, a powerful aura was formed around Dong Liqun, which seemed to gather the power of heaven and earth.
Dong Liqun’s strength was not to be underestimated.
How else could he have gotten along in Kyoto!
Various arts and divine abilities were also at hand.
Chen Ping’s Holy Light Fist punched the powerful aura, but it was like a stone sinking into the sea, and the terrifying power was instantly absorbed by the aura.
And with a flick of Dong Liqun’s hand, a radiant beam of light rushed out from within the aura!
The light transformed into a huge fist and smashed fiercely at Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s heart sank as he realised that this power was actually the Holy Light Fist that he had just struck.
It seemed that the aura had not absorbed Chen Ping’s power, but had stored it and subsequently bounced back.
Boom!
Chen Ping smashed out another fist, and two identical forces collided as Chen Ping’s body took several steps backwards.
A trace of fresh blood flowed out from the corner of his mouth.
The punch he had just started with, Chen Ping had almost exerted all his strength, but he didn’t expect it to end up working on his own body.
“Chen Ping, do you still want to resist?”
Dong Liqun looked coldly at Chen Ping, his eyes indifferent.
“Even if it means death, I will not sit idly by and wait for death.”
Chen Ping wiped a handful of blood from the corner of his mouth as his aura rose once again, his terrifying aura causing the heavens and earth to change colour and the air to burst.
Rumble …………
A loud sound came out, as if it was heavenly thunder!
Stretching out his right hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly appeared in Chen Ping’s hand, and the spirit fire burning up on the Dragon Cutting Sword caused the surrounding temperature to increase dramatically.
The golden light from Chen Ping’s body covered the sky, and over the entire Dong family villa, a cloud began to loom.
This was a life-and-death battle, and Chen Ping did not dare to be the least bit careless.
He was trying hard to summon the golden dragon inside him.
Only this Golden Dragon was not under Chen Ping’s control, and it was not up to Chen Ping to decide when it would appear.
Looking at the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, Dong Liqun’s eyes were filled with searing heat.
“I didn’t expect you to really have quite a lot of treasures on you.”
Dong Liqun said with a cold smile.
Chen Ping looked at Dong Liqun with contempt, he hated such hypocrites the most!
A hypocrite was not as hated as a true villain.
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping shouted explosively, followed by swinging the Zhan Long sword, his body instantly split into two, two into three ……