“That’s the Pole Mountain, the real Pole Stone Mine is on top of that Pole Mountain.”
“It’s just that this Pole Mountain is obscured by a barrier, so it’s not visible at all during normal times, and it’s only in the case of a spatial and temporal distortion in the Bordering Chaos Land that the Pole Mountain will be revealed.”
“It is only then that one would have the opportunity to enter the pole mountain to collect the pole stone’s, this is also what I just learnt, that’s why I came to the pole land to look for you guys.”
Mu Naiyi explained after Mu Yao!
Mu Yao then understood, and knew why Mu Nai Yi had suddenly come to the Polar Land!
No wonder they had only found scattered Polar Stones and no Polar Stone mines in the past few days, it turned out that they were covered by the barrier!
Moreover, this Extreme Mountain was right on the border chaotic land, no one would dare to come close to this place, that’s why no one found it!
“Eldest Miss, you drove these Holy Maidens of the Broad Cold Palace into the Land of Chaos in order to make the space-time of the Land of Chaos distort so that you could create the conditions to enter the Extreme Mountain, right?”
Mu Yao instantly understood!
“Not bad, you’re very smart ah!”
Mu Nai Yi smiled faintly!
At this time, Bing Lu and the others had already reached the edge of the Land of Chaos, and if they went any further, they would be sucked in by the chaotic currents of the Land of Chaos!
That would be certain death, not even a corpse would remain!
“Sisters, let’s hold hands, no one should be afraid.”
“If you enter the Land of Chaos, you will be instantly strangled by the turbulence, there is no pain.”
Bing Lu pulled up the hands of the people, then walked towards the Land of Chaos with firm eyes!
“Don’t do anything foolish, you guys!”
At this time, Chen Ping’s voice came, followed by a figure that was approaching like a leap!
“Mr Chen ……”
Bing Lu was overjoyed, not expecting Chen Ping to find this place!
When Chen Ping came, they might be saved!
After all, Chen Ping’s strength was something that they had all seen with their own eyes!
But just as they stopped and waited for Chen Ping, suddenly a huge suction force began to suck Bing Lu and the girls into that chaotic place!
The two Saint Maidens were sucked high into the air!
Luckily, these people were all holding hands, which prevented them from being sucked in!
“Hold on tight ……”
Bing Lu gritted her teeth and pulled with all her might!
Everyone was trying their best, but the huge suction force was still dragging Bing Lu and the girls towards the chaotic land!
It looked like Bing Lu and the girls couldn’t hold on any longer!
Chen Ping’s figure appeared in an instant, followed by a huge surge of aura that sent Bing Lu and the girls flying out of the huge suction force!
But Chen Ping himself, was instantly sucked in by the suction of the Land of Chaos!
“Mr Chen ……”
All of the Holy Maidens were so shocked that they could only shout, but none of them had the ability to help!
Chen Ping’s body was like a flat boat, swaying in the land of chaos!
The Unbreakable Golden Body activated as Chen Ping resisted the turbulence of the Chaotic Land!
Along with Chen Ping’s body, he was continuously dragged deeper and deeper into the Land of Chaos by the enormous suction force!
The Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body began to crumble!
All sorts of power from the entire body was exploded by Chen Ping, forming layers of shields!
However, it was of no use at all, and was instantly broken by that temporal turbulence!
Blood began to continuously emerge from Chen Ping’s seven orifices!
“Will I really die here today?”
Chen Ping gave up his resistance and fell into despair!
And the Dragon Crystal on Chen Ping’s chest, exploded with light as a golden dragon circled around Chen Ping continuously!
But within that chaotic space, even the golden dragon was rapidly disappearing!
But right at this moment, Chen Ping unexpectedly found that through this chaotic space, he saw a snowy plain and a demonic beast1
“What this sees is not the polar regions, this is …… this is the Arctic Ice Plain?”
Chen Ping was dumbfounded!
That snow wolf was none other than the demonic beasts of the Arctic Ice Plains!
Chen Ping did not expect that crossing the polar boundary of the Southern Domain would lead him to the ice plains of the Northern Domain.
In this way, the entire Celestial Realm was a closed loop!
It was no wonder that Chen Ping would find a Northern Domain demonic beast like a snow wolf in the polar regions!