Shen Ji Zi nodded, then led Chen Ping to continue walking south!
After walking for a short distance, Shen Ji Zi stopped and observed the situation around him, then with a wave of his hand, a gust of wind swept through, blowing away all the snow on the ground.
After the snow was blown away, a cave was revealed, but it was so small that one needed to bend down to enter!
“If you go in from this cave, you can go straight to the outer gate hall of the Guanghan Palace, it’s very hidden, no one knows about it, and it’s also very safe.”
“During this period of time, I am relying on this cave to earn money ……”
Shen Ji Zi pointed to the cave and said!
Chen Ping glanced at the cave, then laughed coldly “You haven’t relied on this cave to kill people and get rid of goods, have you?”
Chen Ping was able to clearly feel a burst of qi death emanating from within that cave!
Shen Ji Zi was stunned, and then hurriedly explained “Fellow Daoist, don’t misunderstand, although I have killed people in this cave, I would never dare to move anything crooked against fellow Daoist.”
“Even if you moved, it would be pointless!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and then drilled into the cave!
Shen Ji Zi froze for a moment, then followed suit!
The cave was very dim, and Chen Ping did not know how long he had walked before light appeared before his eyes!
When drilling out of the cave, Chen Ping saw a misty haze in front of him, and in the midst of this mist, there was a palace!
“In front of you is the outer gate palace of the Guanghan Palace, I can only take you as far as here, if you want to enter the Guanghan Palace, you still need to think of a way on your own.”
Shen Ji Zi said carefully!
“Good, just go here, you don’t need to take care of the other things!”
Chen Ping nodded and then walked towards that Guanghan Palace outer gate palace!
Chen Ping looked from afar and saw that there were a few female cultivators guarding the outer gate palace, and these female cultivators were all very good looking, giving one an impulse just by looking at them!
And outside the outer gate palace of the Guanghan Palace, there were a few male cultivators who seemed to be following those few female cultivators and talking about something!
These few male cultivators were blocked out, with no way to enter!
Looking at the ragged clothes of these few male cultivators, they should have found their own way to Guanghan Palace, and it looked like they hadn’t suffered much on the way!
However, this kind of cultivator who came to the mountain privately, Guanghan Palace is not allowed to enter!
Only those who signed up at the reception and were brought up by the people of Guanghan Palace could enter.
Soon, another group of people came towards the outer gate of the Guanghan Palace.
This time, however, it was that Lan Yingying who led the group, followed by a dozen male cultivators!
That Mu Kui was also among them!
“Sister Lan, you guys are here ……”
A female cultivator of the Guanghan Palace saw Lan Yingying and hurriedly opened the door to welcome her!
Lan Yingying nodded, then looked at the ragged cultivators in front of the door and frowned slightly, “Why are there so many people privately running to Guanghan Palace again today, it’s really unchanging!”
After saying that, Lan Yingying let the cultivators he brought all enter the outer gate palace, while he said to those few ragged cultivators “You kind of privately come to Guanghan Palace, it is impossible to enter, all go back ……”
“Fellow Daoist, we went through a lot of hardship to find this place, and a lot of people died on the way, so just let us in.”
“Yeah, if we go back like this, we’re sure to die halfway, just let us in.”
“We also just want to find a daoist couple, we’re willing to contribute to the Broad Cold Palace!”
Several cultivators begged at Lan Yingying, and some were even about to kneel down!
Lan Yingying looked at these cultivators and let out a long sigh, then said “Our Guanghan Palace has the rules of Guanghan Palace, if we let you guys in, won’t it be a bad estimate, then whoever wants to enter Guanghan Palace will be able to do so.”
“If you guys really want to enter Guanghan Palace, then enter from the side of the hall, there is an illusion formation there, as long as you guys can pass, you can enter Guanghan Palace.”