“Yi He, now that the Ming Li Royal City has just been taken, it’s not particularly stable yet, and the Demon Imperial City needs you, so you don’t need to go, I’ll go to the Jade Cauldron Sect to take a look.”
Chen Ping stopped Yi He!
“Mr Chen, your body …………”
“My body is fine, even if I am weak, to exterminate that Hu Yixiao, I only need to move my fingers.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Yi He heard this and also smiled, Chen Ping had even killed the Knight King, to kill that Hu Yixiao, wouldn’t it be a matter of moving his fingers!
“When Fire Phoenix comes back, tell her to go to the Jade Tripod Sect to find me ……”
Chen Ping exhorted!
After saying that, Chen Ping led Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng to the Jade Cauldron Sect!
However, Gao Qilan and also Yu Jiameng also caught up, they wanted to follow Chen Ping to the Jade Tripod Sect!
Originally, Chen Ping wanted them to stay in the Demon Emperor City, after all, it would still be safer to stay in the Demon Emperor City!
However, the two were unwilling to stay in Demon Emperor City and insisted on following Chen Ping to the Jade Tripod Sect!
Chen Ping had no choice but to let the two follow!
And Isha looked at Chen Ping’s back as they left with a very complicated expression!
As IH looked at Isha’s expression, he could only go up and pat Isha’s head, as IH could not help with this kind of thing!
What Chen Ping’s identity was, IH was well aware of it, so Isha was not worthy of Chen Ping at all!
But if Isha was able to become Chen Ping’s woman, Yihe Hui was very happy, but it all depended on the fate of the two people!
At this time, outside the Jade Tripod Sect, the Third Elder with many disciples of the Jade Tripod Sect could only stand guard outside the sect gate!
Hu Yixiao had occupied the Jade Tripod Sect, so they simply couldn’t enter!
Moreover, with their strength, it was simply impossible for them to retake the Jade Tripod Sect!
They had to know that Hu Yixiao still had the general that King Li had sent to join him!
That general was a ninth grade cultivator of the Harmonisation realm, not to mention the Third Elder and the others, even if the Jade Cauldron Sect’s Supreme Elder had stepped in, he had all been defeated by this general of the Ming Li King’s City.
The current Hu Yixiao can be said to be full of spring and complacency, he still does not even know that Ming Li Royal City has been destroyed!
Hu Yixiao still thought that the Demon Imperial City had been captured, and that the Third Elder and the others had escaped from the Demon Imperial City with their people!
“Third Elder, I advise you to be more sensible, now that the Jade Tripod Sect is already mine, and I’ve also reached a strategic co-operation with the Knight King, in the future, all the pills that our Jade Tripod Sect refines will be given to the Ming Li Royal City.”
“And Ming Knight King City will supply our Jade Tripod Sect with medicinal herbs and all kinds of resources uninterruptedly, and the security of the Jade Tripod Sect will also be taken care of by Ming Knight King City.”
“Now that Demon Emperor City is finished, in this area, Ming Li Royal City is the biggest, can’t you see that?”
Hu Yixiao said to the Third Elder!
“Hu Yixiao, don’t you dream, Ming Li Royal City has long been finished, that Li King has also been killed by Chen, you are still here dreaming.”
“Now you obediently cede the Jade Cauldron Sect, you might still be able to live, otherwise when the Patriarch returns, you will surely die without a burial place.”
The third elder snorted coldly and said!
“Hahaha ……” Hu Yixiao laughed loudly when he heard it “Are you having brain problems, what strength is that Chen Ping, don’t I know that?”
“Even if he has had a miraculous encounter during this time and his strength has grown even faster, he is only a Harmonisation realm cultivator, for him to be able to kill the Knight King is simply ludicrous.”
“I’ll give you ten minutes to think about it now, if you don’t submit to me, then don’t blame me for being impolite and directly kill all of you.”
Hu Yixiao did not believe the Third Elder’s words at all!
For Chen Ping, a Harmonisation Realm cultivator, to be able to kill Knight King, a Ferrying Realm 4th Grade cultivator, was simply nonsense!
Seeing that Hu Yixiao didn’t believe him, the Third Elder didn’t say anything more and could only beg that Nie Heng could quickly bring in help!