When the crowd heard this, they all became silent, if they were on land and encountered a demonic beast colony, they could still join forces.
But this was in the air, and it was still these thousands of five-coloured birds that they had to deal with!
No one dared to open their mouths, this if they stepped out of the airship, they might directly turn into white bones!
And Cai Hongwei, who was the organiser of this time, looked at the crowd helplessly, then said “I’m willing to go out and drive away those birds, but there are too many of them, who’s willing to join me?”
“I am willing, I will go with you ……”
Chen Ping was the first to speak!
“I’ll go too ……” Fire Phoenix saw that Chen Ping was going to go, she definitely wanted to follow him!
It was impossible to go out because Ji Yun had to manoeuvre the dirigible, but as far as Chen Ping and Fire Phoenix opened their mouths, the rest of the people all looked at each other in disbelief and no one spoke!
This situation was something that Cai Hongwei had not expected, but after all, this was in the air, and the encounter was with this chilling five-coloured bird, so it was only natural that no one spoke up!
But with just the three of them, if they wanted to drive away these birds, they were afraid that it would be somewhat unlikely!
“You all stay here, old man will go and disperse the flock of birds ……”
At this moment, Elder Miao spoke up!
After all, he was the strongest person here, and the reason why the crowd respected him so much was also because of his strength!
Hopefully, they could be taken care of by Elder Miao when they were on the road and encountered danger!
“Elder Miao, although this five-coloured bird is not strong, it’s very vicious and comes in flocks, I’m afraid that it’s hard for you to disperse them alone.”
Cai Hongwei said!
“Don’t worry, I’ll try, even if I can’t disperse them, it won’t be dangerous.”
Old Miao said with a faint smile!
Seeing Old Miao say this, Cai Hongwei stopped stopping and allowed Ji Yun to open the dirigible.
Old Miao took one step as if he was stepping on flat ground!
A soft white light emanated from Miao Lao’s body, and the light was getting more and more intense!
When those five-coloured birds saw the white light on Miao Lao’s body, they were all attracted to it, and then flew towards him in an overwhelming manner!
As the crowd watched this scene, they all became nervous!
If Elder Miao could disperse these birds, then they would be able to continue on their way, but if Elder Miao lost, then it would be dangerous!
Facing the overwhelming swarms of birds, Miao Lao was calm and composed as he grabbed towards the front with both fists!
The ten thousand spiritual forces instantly turned into a giant net, directly stopping in front of those birds!
There was a constant stream of five-coloured birds that crashed into the giant net and directly flew away!
However, a steady stream of five-coloured birds were still crashing behind them!
It looked like these five-coloured birds weren’t afraid of death at all.
At first, Elder Miao’s expression was calm and collected, but as the five-coloured birds grew in number, and even as the flock became a large ball, crashing into the giant net compiled by the spiritual energy, Elder Miao’s expression changed!
One could only see that Miao Lao’s expression began to become grave, and a cold sweat began to form on his forehead!
“Chirp …………”
Right at this moment, there was a sudden ear-piercing cry!
Only a five-coloured bird that was clearly huge in size was seen flying out from the flock!
This five-coloured bird flew high above the ground, its mouth constantly chirping!
The five-coloured birds that had been constantly attacking the giant net all stopped attacking!
Immediately after, tens of thousands of five-coloured birds directly transformed into the shape of a sharp sword, and under the command of that five-coloured bird’s leader, they chopped at the giant net compiled by Old Miao!
“The leader of the five-coloured birds has appeared, keep an eye on it ……”
Seeing this, Fire Phoenix hurriedly said loudly.
“This five-coloured bird still has a leader?”
Chen Ping was astonished.
“Of course, this five-coloured bird is a group of demonic beasts, even if it encounters danger, it still holds together, of course it needs a leader to command it!”
“But because the five-coloured birds aren’t very strong, so these leaders are hidden amongst the birds and won’t easily expose themselves!”
“If they were to be captured directly, then this five-coloured bird colony would be scattered!”
“Now the leader of this five-coloured bird saw that he couldn’t break through the giant net, so he flew out from the flock to command!”
“This is a great opportunity!”
Sikong Zhen explained in an effusive manner.