Seeing that Chen Ping still dared to sit back, Cui Zhiyuan immediately shouted angrily, “Chen Ping, do you want to be shameless, still want to stay in the sales department and not leave?”
“It’s the first time I’ve seen an employee who has been fired and still won’t leave, how shameless are you?”
Wang Lanlan said with a sneer on her face.
“That’s right, you should leave quickly, don’t make a mess of our sales department!”
“You can’t find a job, can’t you? How dare you stick around?”
“What a sight to see, there are still such mangy people!”
The crowd from the sales department also mocked at Chen Ping as they used this to butter up Cui Zhiyuan!
“Don’t worry, I won’t stay in the sales department ……”
Chen Ping packed up his things and headed straight out the door!
“Brother Chen Ping …………”
Wang Han Han saw that Chen Ping was really leaving and hurriedly chased after him.
Although Wang Han Han had been angry with Chen Ping for the past two days, she was still upset to see Chen Ping really being fired!
“Brother Chen Ping, if you really leave, I won’t work here either, this sh*tty company is nothing to stay in!”
Wang Hanhan didn’t want to work anymore either!
“Don’t be silly, I didn’t say I was leaving, I’m just leaving the sales department, just do your job.
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“So, are you going to another department?” Wang Han Han froze!
“Sort of!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
Wang Han Han saw that Chen Ping was just moving down the department, so she didn’t say anything!
“Chen Ping, how about I find you another job?”
Sun Xiaomeng said as she walked over.
“No, thanks!” Chen Ping said, and left straight away!
Seeing that Chen Ping had finally left, Cui Zhiyuan heaved a sigh of relief, in a while no one in the sales department would dare to go against him, after this Chen Ping came, he went against him at every turn and did not listen, Cui Zhiyuan had wanted to get rid of him for a long time!
“Let’s all get back to work, don’t discuss about the general manager, no matter who the head office sends over, as long as our sales department is of one mind, there will be no problem!”
Cui Zhiyuan said to the Sales Department crowd as Chen Ping walked back in!
Everyone sat back at their work stations and went to work, but it wasn’t long before the general manager’s secretary arrived at the sales department!
“Manager Cui, Su Dong is here, calling everyone to the meeting room, saying that he has something to announce ……”
The secretary said to Cui Zhiyuan.
“Secretary Li, is it because of the appointment?” Cui Zhiyuan hurriedly asked with a smile on his face.
“I think so!” Secretary Li nodded his head.
“Then does Secretary Li know if the person brought by Dong Su is a man or a woman, and what is his or her identity?”
Cui Zhiyuan wanted to know the situation in advance!
“I didn’t bring anyone, just Su Dong himself!” Secretary Li said.
“You didn’t bring anyone with you?” Cui Zhiyuan was stunned and then asked, “Wasn’t it an appointment? Wasn’t it a transfer from headquarters?”
“No, it’s a direct promotion from inside the company, Su Dong didn’t bring anyone from the headquarters, Manager Cui, hurry up and get ready, bring someone over!”
Secretary Li said and left!
Cui Zhiyuan was dumbfounded, frowning as he walked out of his office and said to the sales department crowd, “Stop what you’re doing, let’s go to the meeting room ……”
“Manager Cui, is it the appointment of the general manager?” Someone asked.
“Well, Su Dong came over, it’s because of this!”
Cui Zhiyuan nodded.
“Then does Manager Cui know who is appointed this time? Is it a man or a woman?”
Wang Lanlan hurriedly asked.
“It’s not sent from the head office, it’s said to be promoted from within the company ……”
Cui Zhiyuan said!
A word, all the people were stunned, followed by analysis: “Who in the company is qualified to sit this general manager ah?”
I think Manager Cui is qualified, just now our sales department signed a big order of Tianmei, the headquarters can not not know!” “I also think Manager Cui is the most qualified, just now our sales department signed a big order of Tianmei, the headquarters can not know!
“I also think that Manager Cui is the most qualified, to know the general manager must understand the product, understand the sales, there is no one more suitable than Manager Cui!”
“Manager Cui, if you become the general manager, you can’t forget about us ……”
A group of people have surrounded Cui Zhiyuan, talking about Cui Zhiyuan as if he would be the general manager soon!