Looking at Gu Tianzhao’s shocked look, Chen Ping just laughed and did not say anything more!
After all, this kind of thing was a bit outrageous for anyone to hear!
It was like a rich person, drinking tens of thousands of bottles of mineral water, taking a sip and throwing it away!
If this is said to the ordinary people to listen to, kill them will not believe, how can there be so expensive water, and also drink a mouthful of it to throw away.
Standing position is different, so the thought is also different!
Soon the crowd arrived at the martial arts arena, because it was a broken formation competition, there wouldn’t be any casualties, so there were no defensive formations laid around the arena!
‘You’re young and a guest, so I’ll go first, so you can take a closer look at how I laid down the spell formation.’
After Peng Wu said that, he directly jumped onto the martial arts arena and casually took out a brush from his waist!
Only to see Peng Wu using the brush in the void, continuously carving formation patterns!
‘This fellow, I didn’t expect to still have a formation pattern spirit brush hidden.’
Seeing this scene, Bai Chicory said with some surprise!
‘Senior Brother Bai, what is this Formation Spirit Pen?’ Chen Ping asked curiously!
‘The Formation Spirit Pen is of course used to inscribe formation patterns, you must know that inscribing formation patterns, or inscribing talismans, are all the same.’
‘Both create various heaven and earth avenues in the form of patterns, and when inscribing, the cultivator must infuse aura or other power into the formation pattern in order for the pattern to have power!’
‘But the engraving of formation patterns often consumes a large amount of spiritual energy, and much of that spiritual energy is consumed between the heavens and the earth for nothing.’
‘If there is a magic treasure like a Formation Spirit Brush that specialises in inscribing formation patterns, then the consumption of spiritual energy can be greatly reduced, and the strength of the formation can also be strengthened.’
‘Just like inscribing talismans, if there is a spirit pen and good talisman paper, then the talisman that is inscribed will be much more powerful!’
‘For example, if you rely on your fingers to condense your divine sense or aura, you can carve three formations in the void in one breath, but if you use a magic treasure like this Formation Spirit Brush, you can carve more formations with the same amount of aura or carve even more powerful formations.’
‘Only, this kind of treasures specially for us formation masters to use are too few, I don’t know how on earth this Peng Wu got the Formation Spirit Pen, it seems that this fellow is really hiding very Avray.’
White Chicory gave Chen Ping a detailed explanation!
Chen Ping was quite good, and immediately came to be interested, and could not help but light up!
If one had such a thing, then carving out divine patterns would definitely be twice as effective, and the power of the formation would be strengthened quite a bit!
‘Senior Brother Bai, could it be that the only treasure weapon used by formation masters is this kind of spirit pen?’
Chen Ping asked!
‘That’s not true, there are all kinds of treasure weapons used by formation masters, not just spirit pens, but no matter what kind of treasure weapon a formation master uses, there is no way to use it if one is not a formation master.’
‘After all, those treasure weapons also only come into play when inscribing formation patterns, there is no way to use them as weapons in normal times ……’
White Chicory said!
Chen Ping nodded, anyway, he himself had the Dragon Beheading Sword, the Demon Drawing Whip, these weapons were enough, and then to have such a Spirit Brush to inscribe formation patterns, it would be really perfect!
‘Senior Brother Bai, if I snatch this guy’s spirit pen, it’s not too much, right?’
Chen Ping asked!
There were too few treasure weapons for formation masters, and Chen Ping did not know where he could find them, and now that there was a ready-made one in front of him, it would be too much of a pity if Chen Ping did not get his hands on it!
White Chicory glanced at Chen Ping and then laughed, ‘I don’t care, when the time comes for you to be the master of the door, the entire Two Yi Sect’s stuff will still be yours.’
Chen Ping laughed when he heard Bai Chicory’s words!
The meaning could not be more obvious, that is, of course Chen Ping could snatch the Spirit Pen over!
After all, in the Celestial Realm, it was the society of the weak and the strong!