“The gang master is awesome ……”
“Gang master is mighty ……”
When Zou Qi and the others saw that Qi Peijia’s decapitation of the five sons of Renjie was as simple as an eagle catching a chicken, they couldn’t help but roar!
For the bragging of Zou Qi and the others, Qi Peijia was also very flattered, the corner of his mouth hooked into a cold smile!
“Scavenge what these people have on them, we’re going to continue our journey.”
Qi Peijia said to Zou Qi!
Zou Qi nodded and led the Heavenly Underworld Gang members to start scavenging treasures from that Human Jie Wu Zi’s body!
Just as Zou Qi and the others were scavenging, Qi Peijia suddenly frowned, and immediately looked towards the place where Chen Ping had just hidden!
“This brat has actually come here ……”
Qi Peijia said coldly!
The one he wanted to kill the most right now was Chen Ping, and that Chen Ping had many treasures on his body!
Especially that Divine King Bow, it was simply too tempting!
Qi Peijia was already envious, if the Divine King Bow was in his hands, his strength would definitely be able to grow by a large margin!
These days Qi Peijia had been looking for Chen Ping, and now Chen Ping was surprisingly by his side!
“After you guys are done scavenging, come after them right away, I’ll leave signs along the way.”
Qi Peijia explained Zou Qi and instantly chased towards the place where Chen Ping had just hidden!
After opening his Heavenly Underworld Eye and taking a look, Qi Peijia directly chased after him!
“Chen Ping, how do you know that Qi Peijia will definitely win? We don’t need to be afraid of that guy even if we join forces now, we don’t need to run ……”
Bai Qian didn’t understand how Chen Ping was running scared, in her mind, Chen Ping wasn’t like this!
“That Qi Peijia is only at the eighth level of the Transition Realm, but with the Heavenly Underworld Eyes and the Black Demon Armour, it’s not easy to deal with.”
Chen Ping did not want to waste all his energy on Qi Peijia right now!
“Hahaha, I didn’t think that you would be so afraid of me ……”
Just as Chen Ping had just finished speaking, that Qi Pei A’s figure unexpectedly appeared in front of them!
Only to see Qi Peijia’s face full of smugness, just now Chen Ping’s scared look made him very comfortable! >
“Qi Peijia, why must you kill me?”
Chen Ping asked!
“If you don’t want to die, hand over all those treasures on your body and I may be able to spare your life!”
Qi Peijia said coldly!
“So you want the treasures on me, as long as you don’t kill me, I can give them to you!”
Chen Ping unexpectedly compromised!
“Master?” The Fire Phoenix looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
“Chen Ping, what are you saying? Why did you wimp out?”
Bai Shao also looked at Chen Ping in shock!
Even Qi Peijia himself felt a little surprised, he had thought that Chen Ping would not agree!
“You really agree to give me all the treasures on your body?”
Qi Peijia asked!
“Of course, if the person dies, the things won’t all be yours in the end.”
Chen Ping said!
“Hahaha, count on you kid to know what’s right, now take out all the things, I can spare your life.”
Qi Peijia laughed out loud!
Chen Ping nodded and prepared to get the treasures for Qi Peijia!
“Ai, you goon, you’re really blind and high on you ……”
Bai Shao cursed in anger.
Fire Phoenix was also looking at Chen Ping incredulously, she felt that Chen Ping had changed!
But Chen Ping didn’t really take any treasures for Qi Peijia, but directly released the king worm of that Golden Silkworm Compound Poison!
Although Chen Ping was also very reluctant to let go, if he could allow this Golden Silkworm Compound Poison to multiply more, it would be of great help!
However, right now, he had to be taken by surprise!
“Here you go ……”
Chen Ping threw it towards Qi Peijia!
Qi Peijia didn’t suspect any fraud and actually reached out to catch it!
But the moment that Gold Silkworm Compass Poison King Insect appeared, Qi Peijia frowned, followed by confusion in his divine sense and his eyes turned scarlet!
“Run …………”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly called out to Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow and started to flee!