Wuwang Land, Dao Sect!
Chen Ping settled into a residence provided by Sun Moon City within the Dao Sect!
Indeed, at this moment, Chen Ping was lost in thought, mulling over his conversation with that Ning Zizai, those eyes felt so familiar to him, yet he couldn’t place them!
And the man’s aura, Chen Ping didn’t recognise it at all, clearly someone he didn’t know!
“Why would I feel familiar with a stranger?”
Chen Ping lay on the bed, his face full of confusion!
“Brother-in-law, brother-in-law, I’ve got good news and bad news, which do you want to hear first?”
At that moment, Lin Kefan burst into the room, calling out to Chen Ping!
“What good news, what bad news?” Chen Ping asked!
“You pick, which one first?” Lin Kefan teased, playing coy!
“The bad news!”
Chen Ping said!
“The bad news is, the Triple Alliance has mobilized all their top fighters to come to Wuwang Land to get revenge on you.”
Lin Kefan said!
“I saw that coming!” Chen Ping shrugged it off, then asked, “What’s the good news?”
“The good news is, my dad brought all of Sun Moon City’s cultivators above ninth-grade Mahayana here too.”
Lin Kefan said with a grin!
“So soon?” Chen Ping was a bit surprised!
The Heaven-Climbing Ladder hadn’t even appeared yet, and Lin Chong had already brought his people!
It must be that Lin Chong got word the Triple Alliance was gunning for him, so he rushed over ahead of time!
“With my dad here, you’ve got nothing to worry about, the Triple Alliance is nothing in front of Sun Moon City!”
Lin Kefan said proudly!
“So, does that mean I can strut around Wuwang Land like I own it?”
Chen Ping chuckled!
“Not quite, Sun Moon City isn’t the top dog in the Celestial Realm.”
“But as long as you don’t mess with the Fire Incineration Sect or the Four Nether Palaces, you’ll be fine.”
Lin Kefan explained!
“Fire Incineration Sect?” Chen Ping frowned, “Is their power greater than Sun Moon City’s?”
Chen Ping had promised Master Iron Hammer he’d rescue the Refining Sect’s leader from the Fire Incineration Sect!
Held back by his own strength, Chen Ping hadn’t made a move yet, but now with Sun Moon City as his backer, he’d been thinking of taking them to wipe out the Fire Incineration Sect and free the Refining Sect leader!
But it seemed Sun Moon City’s strength might not stack up to the Fire Incineration Sect!
“Of course, the Fire Incineration Sect’s pretty much the number one power in the Celestial Realm, they just keep a low profile, rarely clashing with others or fighting over resources.”
“Only years ago, they suddenly attacked the Refining Sect, wiped out most of their elites, nearly erased them from existence, and I hear they even captured the Refining Sect’s leader.”
“Since then, no one’s heard of them stirring up trouble with anyone else, and they’ve got their sect perched openly on a mountain peak, no hiding, yet no one dares mess with them…”
Lin Kefan told Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s brows knitted, his expression growing heavy, looks like rescuing the Refining Sect leader wouldn’t be a walk in the park!
“What’s up? You got some beef with the Fire Incineration Sect?”
Lin Kefan asked, noticing Chen Ping’s look.
“Oh, no!” Chen Ping shook his head, then pressed on, “What about this Four Nether Palaces you mentioned? I’ve never heard of them…”
“They’re a demonic cultivator faction, word is their palace lord’s from the Heavenly Realm, trapped here in the Celestial Realm, it’s the only demonic faction around that doesn’t get targeted.”
Lin Kefan said!
In a Celestial Realm where demonic cultivators were universally despised and hunted, they either had to hide in the shadows or retreat deep into the Heavenly Demon Mountain to survive!
Yet this Four Nether Palaces seemed to be thriving here, with no one daring to take them on!
Guess when you’re strong enough, your identity or background doesn’t really matter!