“I’m not a martial artist either, I’m just an ordinary person, didn’t the old leader bring me into the path of immortality cultivation all the same?”
Chen Ping retorted.
After all, Chen Ping had been ordinary since he was a child, and was not a martial artist when he was in jail, but he still followed Old Leader for three years and stepped into the path of immortal cultivation.
“Can I compare to you, you are …………”
Wu Mei’er was about to say something, but was given a fierce glare by Long Wu, and Wu Mei’er hurriedly swallowed her words back.
Chen Ping looked at Wu Mei’er, he knew that Wu Mei’er must also know something, only that Long Wu was there, Wu Mei’er did not dare to say.
“Chen Ping, it’s not impossible for you to let your girlfriend enter the path of immortal cultivation, but it’s definitely not possible to worship me as a teacher, I don’t want to mislead my students. You are teaching her a set of heart techniques, whether she can step into the immortal cultivation realm or not, that depends on her creation ……”
Long Wu said to Chen Ping.
“Then thank you, Uncle Long!” Chen Ping had a happy face.
“I did not bring the Marrow Cleansing Pill this time, do you have any herbs here? It doesn’t need to be anything expensive, just ordinary herbs, I will refine a few for you, this Marrow Cleansing Pill is not like a Body Tempering Pill, it is very easy to refine ……”
Long Wu asked.
“What herbs Uncle Long needs, I’ll order someone to send them now ……”
Although it was late now, Chen Ping made a phone call and someone immediately sent them.
Long Wu told Chen Ping the herbs he needed, and Chen Ping called Lin Tianhu directly, asking him to drive to the Medicine King’s residence to pick up the medicine right away.
It was about three hours later, by now it was already midnight, when Lin Tianhu rushed back and delivered all the needed herbs.
Lin Tianhu felt a little surprised to see a man and a woman suddenly appear in Chen Ping’s villa, and the girl looked somewhat familiar, and Lin Tianhu then remembered that it was the girl who had delivered the heart-guarding bronze mirror a few days ago.
After letting Lin Tianhu put the herbs down, Chen Ping let him go back to rest, while Long Wu looked at the herbs in front of him and with a slight flip of his hand, a turquoise spirit fire suddenly pulsated in the air.
Long Wu used his mind to urge the spirit fire, and that spirit fire became more and more vigorous, and finally it actually turned into the shape of a puppy, looking at the medicinal herbs on the ground and eating them in big gulps.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s eyes widened, it was the first time he had seen someone controlling the spirit fire to refine pills like this.
Soon, the puppy, which was transformed by the spirit fire, ate all those medicinal herbs inside its stomach, and through the spirit fire, one could clearly see those medicinal herbs start to burn and melt inside the puppy’s stomach ……
When he saw this scene, Long Wu’s mind moved and he directly urged his spiritual energy to make the spiritual fire more vigorous, and the whole room was filled with a dense spiritual energy.
Feeling the huge spiritual energy on Long Wu’s body, Chen Ping was envious in his heart, he wondered what year and month he would be able to cultivate to the strength of Long Wu.
Chen Ping was wrapped in spiritual energy, and the Heart Condensation Skill within his dantian unconsciously spun far away and began to frantically absorb the spiritual energy emitted by Long Wu inside the room.
The incomparably domineering mind technique of the Heart Condensing Skill was like a big whirlpool at this moment, directly sucking away Long Wu’s spiritual qi, while the spiritual fire of the alchemy was gradually becoming dimmer as it lost its spiritual qi boost.
Long Wu’s forehead was already covered in sweat at this moment, but he did not stop Chen Ping, instead he took a fierce breath and frantically poured the spiritual energy within his dantian outwards.
As Wu Mei’er watched this scene, her eyes showed incomparable surprise, and it was only after a while that she reacted and looked at Chen Ping angrily.