Looking at the bottle of bright red blood, Zhu Zhishan shouted towards the outside, “Prepare the car, go to the Long Family ……”
And at this time, the Dragon Family!
Long Xiao was also on a rampage!
“Chen Ping, I must kill him, I must kill him ……”
Long Xiao roared in fury!
Chen Ping had gone so far as to not put himself in the slightest bit in front of the many reporters, which made Long Xiao feel a strange shame!
Long Jingguo also had a gloomy face as he turned to Long Xiao and said, “There’s no point in you being angry, are you sure about your current strength against that Chen Ping?”
“I …………”
At this moment, Long Xiao froze!
He didn’t have a clue in his own heart, after all, Chen Ping was the one who had destroyed the Thunderbolt Sect and the Xuan Yuan Family, whether Long Xiao was Chen Ping’s opponent, he himself wasn’t sure.
“Waste ……”
Seeing Long Xiao’s silence, Long Jingguo could not help but curse.
Originally, he had always been proud of Long Xiao, after all, at such an age, he had already reached the realm of a seventh grade Martial Sect, he was simply a genius!
But now with the appearance of Chen Ping, he had compared Long Xiao to him in a short period of time, which made Long Jingguo’s heart feel very bad!
After all, he knew that Chen Ping was his sister’s son and had the bloodline of the Long family in him, he couldn’t watch Chen Ping being better than his own son.
Just then, Zhu Zhishan walked in!
“Lord Zhu ……”
Seeing Zhu Zhishan coming, Long Jingguo faintly stared!
“Master Long, I’m here specifically to give a great gift to Duke Long, I remember talking to you about it ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a faint smile.
“Lord Zhu, what is the big gift?”
When Long Xiao heard this, he hurriedly asked curiously.
Zhu Zhishan pulled out the gla*s bottle filled with blood from his pocket, “The great gift I mentioned is this!”
Long Xiao was stunned and took the gla*s bottle into his hand and looked at it, his face full of confusion, “Master Zhu, what’s inside this gla*s bottle?”
Long Xiao didn’t see it, but Long Jingguo could see it at a glance.
“Lord Zhu, is it possible that this is human blood?”
Long Jingguo asked in amazement.
“Not bad, it is exactly human blood that is contained in here!”
Zhu Zhishan nodded his head.
Upon hearing that it was human blood, Long Xiao immediately put the gla*s bottle on the table and asked with a strange look on his face, “Alliance Master Zhu, I wonder what you are sending me this human blood for?”
“Of course it is for you to drink, if you are not an opponent of that Chen Ping on top of the ring, you can drink this human blood, your strength will improve quickly and there is not the slightest side effect ……”
Zhu Zhishan explained.
Upon hearing that he was allowed to drink human blood, Long Xiao immediately shook his head, “Master Zhu, that won’t do, I’m not an evil cultivator, drinking human blood in public, how will other people look at me and our Dragon Family?”
Long Jingguo also nodded, “Zhu ally, I have heard of this sucking human blood to enhance strength, but my Xiao’er does not practice evil techniques, even if he sucked human blood, it would be useless.”
“This is not the blood of an ordinary person, it is the blood of a fire spirit body, I only asked you to drink the blood again when you are no match for that Chen Ping, moreover, if you don’t say anything, who can know the blood contained inside?”
Zhu Zhishan’s face was slightly cold as he said, “Since you don’t appreciate it, then I’ll just take it away!”
Just as Zhu Zhishan was about to take the bottle of blood away, Long Jingguo took it in his hand and said, “How can we not appreciate the kindness of Lord Zhu!”
Seeing Long Jingguo say this, Zhu Zhishan’s face then had a smile on it, so he asked, “On which day do you plan to set the date of the challenge?”
“How about three days later?”
Long Jingguo sought Zhu Zhishan’s opinion!
“Good, we must frustrate this Chen Ping in three days.” Zhu Zhishan nodded his head.
“No good, three days is too short ……”
At this time, a voice of opposition came from within the courtyard, followed by a flowery old man, dressed in a daoist robe, walking in.