“b*****d, sinful son, you are too much of a disgrace to my Chopping Moon Pavilion, it’s just a matter of death, why are you such a coward?”
Jin Lifu saw that his son had agreed to Chen Ping, and even begged Chen Ping with the appearance of a lackey, this made him feel humiliated!
“Dad, a great man has to know the time, if our lives are lost, what use do we need this strength for?”
Jin Yuan said to Jin Li Fu without a care in the world!
“Shut up, don’t ever call me that again, I’m not your father ……”
Jin Li Fu’s face was red with anger, he was about to die from it!
“Are you really willing to dedicate yourself to your strength?” Chen Ping asked as he looked at Jin Yuan with a cold smile on his face.
“Yes, I am willing, just let me go and let me do whatever I want.”
Jin Yuan nodded his head repeatedly!
“Good then, crawl over, when I have absorbed your strength, I will naturally let you go ……”
Chen Ping said!
Jin Yuan didn’t hesitate and crawled directly towards Chen Ping!
“b*****d, I’ll kill you ……”
Jin Li Fu was about to explode with anger, looking at his son crawling towards Chen Ping like a dog, he decided to clean up the mess!
But just as Jin Li Fu made his move, Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya also moved!
The two men directly stopped Jin Li Fu, who was now injured and was no longer a match for Ge Cansheng and Jiang Wu Ya!
Jin Yuan quickly crawled in front of Chen Ping, who stretched out his hand and gently pressed on Jin Yuan’s head!
In an instant, a huge suction force began to suck the strength out of Jin Yuan’s body!
Jin Yuan’s body trembled and his face was hideous, although he was experiencing immense pain, he could only endure it in order to stay alive!
Soon, the strength in Jin Yuan’s body was absorbed by Chen Ping!
At this moment, Jin Yuan’s entire body seemed to have aged by more than ten years, and the aura of a cultivator had long since disappeared from his body!
“Can I …… I go now?”
Jin Yuan got up with difficulty and asked Chen Ping!
“Let’s go ……,” Chen Ping waved his hand.
Jin Yuan was overjoyed and hurried off into the distance!
Jin Li Fu looked at his son’s back, his whole body fell into deep thought, he now did not understand, what was the purpose of his endless cultivation, endlessly expanding his desires?
In the end, his own son was not even of the same mind as himself, and this was a great blow to Jin Li Fu!
Just after Jin Yuan had walked some distance away, a fierce wild wolf demonic beast suddenly pounced towards Jin Yuan!
Seeing this, Jin Yuan was so frightened that he screamed and tried desperately to escape!
But now Jin Yuan was just an ordinary man, how could he run away from the wild wolf?
The wolf caught up with him and bit him on the arm, taking it off!
In the midst of Jin Yuan’s painful wailing, the wild wolf tore Jin Yuan apart one by one and finally swallowed him inside!
As Jin Li Fu watched his son being swallowed by the wolf, his whole body went straight to madness!
“Chen Ping, I will fight with you, I will not let you win even if I die ……”
Jin Lifu knew that Chen Ping had no intention of letting Jin Yuan go!
That wild wolf just now was definitely sent by Chen Ping as well!
Jin Li Fu hissed as his body began to bulge, the spiritual energy within his body expanding at a rapid rate as a terrifying aura began to spread out in the air!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that Jin Li Fu was determined to die, and that he wanted to die together, so he hurriedly drew the God King’s Bow!
Between heaven and earth, countless points of light converged between the God King’s Bow, and a pure white arrow feather appeared!
As Chen Ping let go of his hand, the arrow rapidly shot out towards Jin Li Fu!
The white arrow feather exploded in the air, forming a white aura net that enveloped Jin Li Fu directly!
The aura net kept shrinking, and Jin Li Fu’s originally bulging body was held in a deadly grip!
No matter how hard he struggled, there was no way for Jin Li Fu to break free!
Chen Ping walked towards Jin Lifu with a cold, murderous intent!