Sect Master He looked at his pierced chest in disbelief, his eyes filled with horror.
His mouth opened slightly, wanting to say something, but not a single word came out, then his head lolled and he lost his breath.
Chen Ping threw the corpse of that Sect Master He out with a powerful fling.
It was like casually throwing a dead dog.
“Who else?” Chen Ping gave a cold-eyed sweep.
When the crowd saw this, they could not help but feel a sinking feeling in their hearts, they did not expect Chen Ping’s strength to be so perverse already.
Even some time ago, when Chen Ping had defeated Long Xiao and killed Guo Wei, it was still a desperate effort.
But now, at the same peak of Martial Sect, this Sect Master He had not even had the chance to touch Chen Ping before he was directly killed.
Such strength was simply too terrifying.
Ning Zhi’s face turned a little ugly as he stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, “I didn’t expect that in a short period of time, your strength had increased again.”
“So it seems that those treasures in your possession have indeed benefited you greatly.”
During this period of time, Ning Zhi had witnessed Chen Ping’s strength, which was increasing by leaps and bounds!
However, Ning Zhi did not think that Chen Ping’s talent was strong, but rather that the reason why Chen Ping’s strength was growing fast was because of the treasures in his hands.
“Haven’t you always wanted to get the treasures on me? Now I’m right here, come and get it if you dare!”
Chen Ping used words to stimulate Ning Zhi.
As long as Ning Zhi made a move against him, Chen Ping would kill Ning Zhi the first time.
Only, this Ning Zhi was so thoughtful that he knew that he was definitely not a match for Chen Ping if he fought alone, so it was impossible for him to make a move against Chen Ping.
“Hmph, Chen Ping, even if you are strong, with so many of us, it would be easy to kill you!”
After saying that, Ning Zhi turned to the crowd and said, “Everyone, this Chen Ping is no longer strong enough to be defeated by one person, let’s join forces together to kill him.”
The crowd all nodded, and then a terrifying aura erupted from each of them.
“Chen Ping, this time, you’re dead ……”
Ning Zhi laughed coldly.
“Just a bunch of trash ……”
Chen Ping’s fists clenched, and immediately afterwards, pieces of golden scales began to grow on his body!
The Unbreakable Golden Body was brought to its fullest extent by Chen Ping.
Although Chen Ping’s mouth belittled the crowd and looked down on these people, it did not mean that Chen Ping would really despise these people.
The power of so many Martial Sects striking together was comparable to an aerial bomb.
No one would dare to take it lightly.
In an instant, a ray of light died, followed by countless powerful qi spells heading towards Chen Ping.
So many powerful qi spells caused the entire void to start trembling, and the entire villa directly collapsed.
Smoke and dust rose in all directions, but these people were Martial Zongs, and the collapse of the small bricks and tiles could not hurt them in the slightest.
Chen Ping turned to these people and with a wave of his hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword manifested, and a blazing fire burned, reflecting half of the sky red.
“Draw the sword and break the water ……”
Chen Ping waved the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand in an instant.
A fiery red sword qi shot out directly, and then followed those power qi spells confronted by.
Boom boom boom …………
The explosions were incessant, as if the battle of the century had taken place.
With so many people born together, even though Chen Ping blocked some of the attacks, there were still quite a few powerful qi spells that hit Chen Ping.
A golden light erupted from Chen Ping’s body, and under so many attacks, even with his imperishable golden body, the scales on Chen Ping’s body began to fall off and disappear.
Chen Ping did not retreat, his eyes turned scarlet and the invincible battle intent on his body chilled the crowd to the bone!
“Kill!”
Chen Ping stiffened up against the countless attacks and swung his sword out fiercely.
The harsh sword Qi instantly split a Patriarch in half, splashing blood and causing many people to turn into bloody men.
Such a terrifying scene caused many people to cry out in shock!