Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan looked at Guo Wei, who immediately gestured, and from the four corners of the venue, four rays of light shot out, then formed a huge light shield, enveloping Chen Ping and Long Xiao in it.
At this time, those kneeling and worshipping only came to their senses and were embarra*sed to see how ugly they were!
“Not only is this Chen Ping’s physical body powerful, his divine sense is surprisingly so brutal as well, those people’s minds were affected just now.”
Long Xingxu, who was beside Long Jingguo, said in surprise.
Long Jingguo did not say anything, his eyes staring deadly at Chen Ping, then muttered to himself, “If this change had not happened to the Long Family more than twenty years ago, this Chen Ping might have become an unrivalled existence long ago.”
At this moment, Long Jingguo’s eyes were filled with killing intent, he was beginning to have a murderous intent towards Chen Ping, and he was beginning to fear that Chen Ping had grown up.
And at this moment, in the middle of the ring, Long Xiao’s face turned ugly as he looked at Chen Ping in mid-air, his brows furrowed tightly.
“You still have two more moves to go ……”
Chen Ping’s body was flickering with golden light at the moment, and his voice was filled with disdain and arrogance!
He was using this to strike a blow at the Long Family and that pride of the Long Family!
Under the sunlight, Chen Ping seemed like an immortal, overlooking the earth!
“This Chen Ping is hiding so deep ……”
Zhu Zhishan frowned slightly as he looked at Chen Ping in mid-air!
“This Chen Ping is indeed too terrifying, simply forging his fleshly body to be so strong, if we let him develop like this, he will really become a formidable enemy of our Martial Dao Alliance ……”
Guo Wei had a gloomy look on his face, “But still young and arrogant, arrogant and C*cky, he dares to allow five moves as soon as he gets into the ring, he doesn’t know that in the ring, his arrogance like this will cost him his life.”
Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, shook his head, “This Chen Ping is not arrogant, he is deliberately doing it, deliberately using it to humiliate the Long Family only ……”
“Could it be that this Chen Ping has some deep hatred following the Long Family?”
Guo Wei was astonished, he had never heard that Chen Ping had any deep hatred towards the Long Family!
“I’m afraid only the Long Family themselves know this!”
Zhu Zhishan finished, staring intently at the top of the ring!
At this moment, Long Xiao took several steps backwards and looked at Chen Ping with cold eyes, the anger in his body already burning brightly.
This kind of public humiliation was not just humiliating to him alone, but to the entire Long family!
“Chen Ping, you deserve to die, I will make you pay the price ……”
Long Xiao had already thrown Long Jingguo’s admonition to the back of his mind, and killing intent had already started to rise up in his body!
He wanted to cut Chen Ping to death by a thousand cuts before he could relieve his heart’s hatred!
“Cut the crap, strike if you can, but let me remind you, you only have two more chances ……”
Chen Ping looked down at Long Xiao and said coldly.
“Seek death ……”
Long Xiao’s face changed greatly, followed by a loud shout, blue light rose from his body, countless light gathered on Long Xiao’s body, slowly above Long Xiao’s head, a huge fist appeared.
The huge fist that shone with blue light carried a strange power, which seemed to be absorbing the power of heaven and earth.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Long Xiao shouted, and swung out a fierce fist, followed by the huge fist of light above his head, heading towards Chen Ping with a devastating force!
The terrifying aura set off a gust of wind, the sound of breaking air suddenly rang out, and that protective light shield actually began to tremble violently under this power, looking like it was about to collapse at any moment.
“I’m afraid this is Long Xiao’s strongest strike, right?”
Looking at this powerful punch, Dong Jiahao said with a nervous look on his face!
Bai Xiushan, Zhao Wuji, Zhao Liguo and the rest of them didn’t say a word, but clenched their fists tightly, all of them incredibly nervous!
Chen Ping was their pillar of strength, if he fell, their families would lose everything in Kyoto.