“Fellow Daoist, I came along to express my apologies to you, in addition to wanting to co-operate with you, it looks like you entered the Polar Regions first and are more familiar with this place than us.”
Patriarch Luo said politely to Chen Ping!
“Co-operate with me?”
Chen Ping was stunned, not expecting Patriarch Luo to make such a request!
Chen Ping looked at the others behind Patriarch Luo, especially that Hai Da Fu, and did not reply!
These guys had a grudge against themselves, so how could Chen Ping possibly co-operate!
As for that Hai Da Fu and the others, when they heard that Patriarch Luo actually wanted to follow Chen Ping and cooperate, they were also slightly shocked!
They then exchanged glances and were ready to make a move on Patriarch Luo and Chen Ping.
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?”
At this moment, Bing Lu walked out with many Saint Maidens!
Seeing the sudden appearance of the Holy Maidens made Hai Dafu and the others instantly alert, and those who were originally planning to make a move were given a pause!
Patriarch Luo looked at Bing Lu and the others, all of them were at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, and none of them were weak!
Although the strength of the five great sects was not bad, but the strength of the disciples under them was not too high.
And it was uneven, just these hundreds of disciples of the five great sects, the highest strength among them was only a few at the sixth rank of the Ferrying Realm!
Behind Chen Ping, more than a dozen women of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm had come out all at once, which had surprised the people of the five great sects!
Looking at the uniformity of the clothing of these holy women, it was obvious that they were from a single clan!
For a clan to have such strength, being how terrifying the clan was could be imagined!
This was also why when Hai Dafu and the others saw Bing Lu and the girls, they directly gave up their intention to make a move!
“An old friend, wants to co-operate with us ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Co-operation?” Bing Lu’s face was filled with vigilance!
One must know that the clans and families that came here were all here for the sake of seeking treasures and for the sake of benefits, who would co-operate with someone?
> “We’re just new to the Polar Regions and aren’t familiar with it, that’s why we want to co-operate, don’t worry, if we find the land of the Immortal’s fall, the treasures found inside, we can share them equally!”
Patriarch Luo hurriedly said to Bing Lu!
Hearing that Patriarch Luo and the others were actually looking for the Immortal’s Fallen Land, Ice Dew put her heart down!
Obviously, this was also tricked into coming here, where would there be any Immortal Fallen Land here!
“Patriarch Luo, co-operation is fine, we don’t want anything if we find the Immortal Fallen Land, but we need a kind of Pole Stone here, and you guys must not fight for it.”
“After all, that thing is also useless to you guys, only cultivators who practise ice techniques can use it!”
Chen Ping directly told Patriarch Luo about the pole stone!
“No problem, since it’s useless to us, we definitely won’t fight for it!”
Patriarch Luo directly agreed!
“Happy co-operation then ……”
Chen Ping extended his hand towards Patriarch Luo, while Patriarch Luo followed Chen Ping and shook his hand!
Only, at the moment of shaking hands, Patriarch Luo exerted a slight force as if he was reminding Chen Ping of something!
Chen Ping was astonished, but he did not comprehend Patriarch Luo’s meaning!
From the beginning to the end, Patriarch Luo did not follow the few people behind him to discuss the matter, and just followed Chen Ping to set up the co-operation!
Hai Dafu and the others did not say anything either, one could see the dissatisfaction in their hearts, but did not dare to say anything!
Chen Ping brought Bing Lu and the girls to rest inside the cave!
The people from the five great clans on the other hand found a place outside the cave to recuperate!
After the dawn, they were setting out to find the place where the Immortals had fallen!
But just as Chen Ping was sitting at the edge of the cave entrance, his eyes slightly closed as he entered a state of cultivation, a sudden aura came towards him!
Chen Ping instantly opened his eyes while his aura exploded, ready to strike at any time!
After all, that Hai Dafu and the others, had always wanted to capture themselves and hand them over to the Demon Sealing Alliance to collect their rewards, Chen Ping had to be on guard!