“How about it, will you tell where that Chen Ping is going now, or will you die?”
The black-robed youth asked as he scanned the crowd of the Soul Demon Sect!
The Soul Demon Sect disciples all gritted their teeth and did not say a word!
Jiang Yulian’s eyes were also filled with rage!
“Hmph, devil scum, Mr Chen is kind to my Soul Demon Sect, we won’t say anything, kill us if you can.”
Jiang Yulian snorted coldly!
Seeing that Jiang Yulian was still quite hardened, the corner of the black-robed youth’s mouth lifted, “Killing you guys isn’t as easy as a slap in the face, but the few men I brought with me haven’t touched a woman for a long time, it’s just time to let them get comfortable!”
After the black-robed youth finished speaking, the few men who followed immediately showed lustful glints on their faces, each one of them rubbing their fists, their harangues were about to flow out!
“Shameless, animal ……”
Jiang Yulian cursed in anger!
Ochre Yan, on the other hand, clenched his teeth in death, resisting the terrifying aura of the black-robed youth, and said word by word, “If you dare to touch Yulian, I’ll break you all into pieces ……”
“Hahaha, you don’t look at your own virtues, you also want to break us into pieces? In that case, I’ll send you on your way first!”
After saying that, that black-robed youth’s sleeves for a moment, Ochre Yan directly flew backwards!
He then fell heavily to the ground without moving!
The difference in strength was too great, there was not the slightest ability to resist!
“Ochre Yan …………”
Seeing this, Jiang Yulian immediately yelled!
“Speak or not? As long as you tell where that Chen Ping went, I will release you all.”
The black-robed youth once again asked at Jiang Yulian!
But Jiang Yulian gritted her teeth and spat fiercely!
“Strip her of her clothes ……”
Seeing this, the black-robed youth said with a wave of his hand!
Jiang Yulian wanted to resist, but she was suppressed by the black-robed youth’s aura, and she had no way to act.
She could only watch as a few guys walked towards her with lewd smiles on their faces!
Just as Jiang Yulian was resigning herself to her fate, an ice-cold and incomparable voice suddenly came!
“Is this how a grand cultivator of the 9th rank of the Transition Realm bullies people?”
Accompanied by the fall of the voice, Chen Ping’s figure came in a flash from the distance then!
“Mr Chen …………” seeing Chen Ping, Jiang Yulian was surprised!
Chen Ping looked at Jiang Yulian and then at Ochre Yan, accompanied by a spiritual force into Ochre Yan’s body, the originally motionless Ochre Yan slowly climbed up!
“Mr Chen, what brings you here?”
Ochre Yan was also very surprised to see Chen Ping!
He had thought that he would never see Chen Ping again!
“If I didn’t come, wouldn’t you all be in danger.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
The other party was only a ninth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, at this moment, Chen Ping did not put it in his eyes at all!
“Mr Chen, these people are the dogs of the Demon Sealing Alliance, coming over to try to get information on your whereabouts, we didn’t say anything!”
Ochre Yan said!
“I know!”Chen Ping nodded, then looked at the black-robed youth!
“You are looking for me, it has nothing to do with the others, release them all!”
Chen Ping slowly said!
With a wave of the black-robed youth’s hand, Jiang Yulian and all of them were released from their control.
“A mere fourth rank of the Transition Realm, I wonder how the alliance master could take out a hundred years of offerings to hunt you down?”
“Simply too much of a waste, can’t figure it out ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was only at the fourth rank of the Ferrying Realm, the black-robed youth was filled with disdain!
Chen Ping, however, did not explain, instead, he waved his hand towards the black-robed youth and said, “I still have things to do, you guys go together, after I settle you guys, I still have to go on my way!”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with arrogance and disdain!
“Hubris ……”
The black-robed youth’s eyes stared, then he waved his hand and said, “You guys go and arrest this kid!”
The black-robed youth commanded several of his men to move against Chen Ping!
While facing several demonic cultivators, Chen Ping was calm and relaxed, without the slightest bit of panic!