Soon, the auras of both Tong Youkong and Liu Xing collided with each other!
In an instant, the sky and the earth were darkened, the sun and the moon had no light, as if it was the end of the world!
The bodies of Tong Yougong and Liu Xing collided with each other, followed by a lightning bolt!
The two men fought, but no one could tell what they were doing!
Heaven and earth shook, chaos emerged!
Shi Qingpei looked at the scene before him with shock, his mouth wide open: “Is this, is this a duel between Martial Gods?”
Although he had also been promoted to Martial God, he would have been reduced to slag in an instant if he had joined this fight!
Liu Rui, on the other hand, had a nervous look on her face, her fists clenched tightly as she looked at the fighting duo with a deadly gaze!
She knew that Liu Xing’s strength was no match for Tong You Gong’s. She knew that the stronger the strength, the more the gap between each small realm was an unbridgeable gap!
The realm above Martial God, it will get harder and harder!
Boom …………
There was a deafening sound, only to see a figure flying backwards in a hurry.
It then crashed into a boulder not far away that was more than ten metres in length, instantly smashing it into powder!
This kind of power could be imagined ……
“Senior brother …………”
Seeing this, Liu Rui hurriedly ran over and helped Liu Xing up.
Liu Xing’s face was pale at the moment, obviously injured, but he still had a high and proud look in his eyes, his heart was very defiant!
“What? You are not convinced?”
Tong Yougong said with a cold smile.
“Tong Yougong, sooner or later I will surpa*s you ……”
Liu Xing gritted his teeth and said.
“Don’t talk big, now you can get lost, the corpse is mine!”
After Tong Youkong finished speaking, he waved his hand towards his men, and two members of the Heavenly Thunder Sect instantly jumped into the deep pit, intending to carry Chen Ping’s corpse up!
“Senior Brother, let’s go, go back and follow Master to explain properly!”
Liu Rui called out to Liu Xing intending to leave!
But at this moment, the entire peak suddenly shook, followed by a golden light in the deep pit, and a terrifying aura emanated from the deep pit.
The two members of the Heavenly Thunder Sect who had jumped into the pit were all tipped out of the pit by a tremendous force!
“What’s going on?”
Tong You Gong frowned slightly.
“Young master, that …… person is not dead ……”
One of the Heavenly Thunder Sect members said.
When Liu Xing and Liu Rui heard that Chen Ping was not dead, they all stopped in their tracks and looked at the deep pit in disbelief!
The golden light grew more and more prevalent as the breath in the deep pit continued to soar.
Chen Ping’s body slowly floated up from the deep pit!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was wrapped in golden light, holding the Zeng Long Sword, standing solemnly, like a golden armored god of war!
“How is this …… possible?”
Jue Yuan looked at Chen Ping in shock, his face full of disbelief!
The power of twelve Buddhas had not killed a Chen Ping with the strength of a Fifth Grade Martial Saint!
This was simply too incredible.
And now, it seemed that the aura on Chen Ping’s body seemed to be much stronger!
“Eighth Grade Martial Saint, still a bit short ……”
Chen Ping felt the power in his body and a hint of loss flashed in his eyes!
He thought that with all this power of faith, and with the strength of that enlightenment he had absorbed, he could break through to Martial God!
It seemed that as his strength grew higher and higher, the resources Chen Ping would need to raise his cultivation would become more and more enormous!
But even if he was only an eighth-grade Martial Saint, Chen Ping would not be the least bit defeated against a fifth-grade Martial God!
This was the special feature of his Heart Condensation Skill, although the resources needed to raise his cultivation were several times greater than those of the next person!
But with the same cultivation level, Chen Ping would be invincible!
Chen Ping glanced at Tong Youkong, Liu Xing and the others, and then placed his gaze on Jue Yuan!
With this one glance, Jue Yuan’s body involuntarily trembled!