Before that Zheng Kai could react, the Chen Ping family slapped him across the face!
Slap!
This slap, directly on Zheng Kai’s face, instantly sent Zheng Kai flying!
The intense pain caused Zheng Kai’s face to instantly turn red and swollen.
At this moment, the people Zheng Kai had called for were all frozen, each looking at each other.
The young master of the Zheng family had been sent flying with a single slap, and he didn’t even have the ability to fight back?
It was unbelievable!
Zheng Kai was furious this time, his eyes staring angrily at Chen Ping: “Good boy, you dare to hit my face, my father will never spare you.”
“If you don’t want to die, then get lost quickly, I didn’t want to be your enemy, but you are aggressive.”
“If you go on talking nonsense, do you believe I will kill you?”
Chen Ping said with a cold face.
Feeling the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, the muscles at the corners of Zheng Kai’s eyes twitched a few times.
“Fine, you guys wait for me, this is not Kyoto ……”
Zheng Kai finished his sentence and left with a wave of his hand and led his men away!
Seeing Zheng Kai leave, Chen Ping turned to Zhou Jie and said, “Let’s keep walking ……”
“Mr. Chen, as I said, this young master of the Zheng family, is a careful man, if you beat him, he will definitely retaliate.”
Zhou Jie reminded.
“Retaliation is fine, I don’t mind being a city lord myself, just so I can make use of the cultivation resources here.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile, unconcerned.
“Mr. Chen, that Zheng family is not as easy to deal with as you think ……”
Zhou Jie reminded once again.
“What are you afraid of, isn’t there still your Demon Spirit Sect? Could it be that your Demonic Spirit Sect would be afraid of some Zheng family?”
Chen Ping looked at Zhou Jie and asked playfully.
“How is that possible, how could our Demonic Spirit Sect be afraid of a small Zheng Family.” Zhou Jie suddenly said condescendingly.
“That won’t do, if we work together, then it’s a partnership, will your Demon Spirit Sect watch me follow the Zheng Clan into conflict and not care?”
Chen Ping asked with a smile.
This stumped Zhou Jie, not knowing how to answer!
After all, she was merely an external envoy of the Demon Spirit Sect, and it was not up to her to decide on such matters.
Seeing that Zhou Jie was silent, Chen Ping said with a smile, “Let’s go quickly, or else that Zheng Family Young Master, will find helpers again.”
Zhou Jie nodded, then drove Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi out of the South Lake to a wooded clearing!
“The entrance to your Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm is here?”
Chen Ping asked.
Zhou Jie nodded and said, “Yes …………”
“Hurry up and open the secret realm, I haven’t seen what it looks like yet ……”
Hu Ma Zi looked a little excited as he had never entered the secret realm before!
Zhou Jie, however, showed a difficult face and said, “The opening of each secret realm is kept secret, so ……”
Zhou Jie didn’t continue, but Chen Ping knew what Zhou Jie meant, so he called on Hu Ma Zi to walk to the side!
“sh*t, what’s so secret about it ……”
Hu Pazzi looked unhappy, but still followed Chen Ping towards the side!
Only to see Zhou Jie take out a very special shaped stone, and then recite the words under his breath!
With a watery ripple in the air, space instantly flashed with a glow!
“Alright, let’s go in ……”
Zhou Jie said towards Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi.
The two men walked over and looked at the light in front of them, then Zhou Jie stepped in, followed by Chen Ping and Hu Pazi!
After entering, the light also disappeared instantly, and the secret realm gates were closed!
When he entered the secret realm, Chen Ping saw a large hall in front of him, and then when he looked into the distance, it was grey and dull, and he could not see anything.
Everywhere the eye touched, it was all grey, and only a few hundred metres around the hall in front of him could be clearly seen!
Chen Ping thought that the Demon Spirit Sect had some secret, so they had deliberately made this secret realm so grey and dull that people could not see it.