“Hahaha, don’t talk big, try it if you can!”
Wang Qingshi was overjoyed when he saw that Chen Ping had agreed!
“Chen Ping, you’re crazy, we ……”
Ruyan Liu was anxious and wanted to stop Chen Ping!
After all, here, Ruyan Liu was the closest person to Chen Ping, after all, they had slept together!
“Ruyan, don’t worry about it, can it be that you don’t even trust your own man?”
Chen Ping said to Ruyan Liu with a smile!
When Ruyan Liu heard this, she was filled with shyness and nodded, “I believe in you ……”
“Miss Liu, don’t worry, if Fellow Daoist Chen is in danger, we will never stand idly by.”
Chen Wenliang spoke!
Many of them were saved by Chen Ping, so if Chen Ping was in danger, they would not sit idly by!
Chen Ping’s body leapt up, holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, and instantly cut out a sword awn towards Wang Qing Shi!
“Hmph, a mere sixth rank of the Ferrying Realm, how dare you be reckless ……”
Wang Qingshi snorted coldly and grabbed his palm towards the void!
It immediately triggered a streak of thunder and lightning, and then those thunder and lightning were actually grasped in Wang Qingshi’s hand and transformed into a long sword!
Seeing this scene, the crowd was all shocked!
After all, this was too magical, where had the crowd who were pharmacists seen this before!
On the other hand, Gu Tianzhao on the side smiled coldly and said, “It’s just a bluffing technique, if our Sect Master wants to invoke lightning, he only needs to move his mind!”
Chen Ping himself had a thunder and lightning origin, and with just a thought, the origin power of thunder and lightning would erupt, and the sky and earth would instantly flash with electricity and thunder!
Chen Ping’s sword beams swarmed over Wang Qingshi and he passively began to resist!
Boom!
Golden light appeared in the sky, Wang Qingshi’s body instantly retreated backwards, and the longsword in his hand that was transformed by lightning was shattered in an instant!
Wang Qingshi was horrified, he was at the second rank of the Mahayana Realm, although as a Formation Master, although he had practiced to the second rank of the Mahayana Realm, the power of his outburst might not be as good as that of other cultivators!
But it was also impossible that he could not block a strike from a cultivator of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm ah!
No matter how awesome Chen Ping was, how could he cross over so much when he crossed over levels?
“Come up with your best skills, if you fight me hard, with this amount of strength you have, it’s simply not enough to look at.”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
Wang Qingshi knew that Chen Ping was not bragging, so he did not dare to be careless, and directly took out a golden talisman paper that was more than one person high from his pocket!
The runic paper was densely painted with runes, and along with the burning of the runic paper, a golden giant vaguely appeared behind that Wang Qingshi’s back, and the giant’s hand was holding a huge sword!
“Using blood as a guide, feeding on people, heaven and earth are honoured, my life ……”
Wang Qingshi was as if he was stupid, reciting words under his breath, and his entire body unexpectedly began to slowly become transparent!
Wang Qingshi’s palms formed a seal and slowly merged into the body of that hundred-foot giant!
Buzz!
In an instant, the giant trembled and the entire person came to life.
The giant followed Wang Qingshi and actually fused together!
The aura emanating from the giant’s body was none other than that Wang Qing Shi’s!
The crowd was filled with shock, even that Gu Tianzhao had a frown on his face, he did not expect that this Wang Qingshi would still be able to perform such a technique!
Chen Ping also frowned slightly when he saw this, this fusion technique was also the first time Chen Ping had seen it!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, it would be an honour for you to die under the secret technique of our Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect.”
Wang Qingshi laughed madly!
With that, Wang Qingshi chopped towards Chen Ping with a sword!
At this moment, Chen Ping was as weak as an ant in front of Wang Qingshi!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was no longer careless, and his body instantly radiated a golden light, the Unbreakable Golden Body covering his entire body, and the Dragon Crystal in front of his chest also radiated light!
A large sized golden dragon slowly appeared behind Chen Ping!