Busily, he took out the correspondence and carefully went forward, “Master Han, this is the correspondence our family master dragged us to bring ……”
A Dragon Family expert carefully handed the epistle up!
Han Fusheng simply beckoned his hand, and the epistle reached him.
After opening the epistle, Han Fusheng only glanced at it and a few moments of surprise flashed across his eyes.
The surprise was followed by surprise and excitement!
Han Fusheng slowly lifted his head and finally landed his gaze on Long Ruotong, who was covered by a black scarf!
“Unexpected, really unexpected ……”
Han Fusheng slowly got up, then with a wave of his hand, the black scarf covering Long Ruotong’s head fell to the ground, and Long Ruotong’s stunning face was revealed!
Seeing Long Ruotong, the four Dragon Family experts were all clearly stunned!
They had been kept by the Long Family as a base card, so they naturally knew Long Ruitong and knew a thing or two about the changes in the Long Family.
It was that they hadn’t expected that Long Ruotong was still alive!
“Tong’er, I didn’t expect that you were really still alive, great, great ……”
Han Fusheng’s face was full of joy as he quickly stepped towards Long Ruotong.
No one was looking at Han Fusheng’s steps, but in just a blink of an eye, Han Fusheng had already reached Long Ruotong.
Long Ruotong looked at Han Fusheng without the slightest expression on her face.
But when Han Fusheng saw that Long Ruotong’s body was chained, anger emerged in his eyes!
“How dare you ……”
Han Fusheng reached out and removed the chains from Long Ruotong’s body and looked up at the four experts of the Long Family and said, “What’s going on here?”
Sensing the anger on Han Fusheng’s body, the four Dragon Family experts panicked.
“Master Han, this is the work of our family master, we have no idea what is going on!”
The four men hurriedly explained.
“Humph ……”
Han Fusheng snorted coldly, not even looking at him as he struck, and a light blue flame burst into flame on those four Dragon Family experts!
The four Dragon Family experts instantly screamed in misery, in just an instant!
The four Dragon Family experts were burnt to ashes, and finally a strong wind blew by, and even the ashes disappeared without a trace.
It was as if these four people had never come before!
Four experts of late Martial Marquis strength were disposed of in such a light manner.
If they were seen by the crowd of the martial world, their jaws would definitely be dropped in shock.
After disposing of those four Long Family experts, Han Fusheng looked towards Long Ruotong, “Tong’er, I didn’t expect to see you again, after more than twenty years, you’re still as beautiful and charming as ever.”
“Have you been well all these years? Back then you ran away to avoid me, do you know how sad I was?”
Han Fusheng looked at Long Ruotong with surprise and joy, but Long Ruotong didn’t say a word, and her face was expressionless, twenty years of captivity had long since left Long Ruotong without the slightest fluctuation in her feelings!
Apart from Chen Pingzhi, nothing would make Long Ruitong feel any emotional fluctuation!
Seeing that Long Ruotong did not say a word, Han Fusheng’s brow furrowed slightly as he stepped forward and gently took Long Ruotong’s hand.
Long Ruotong didn’t hide, nor did she speak, just like a robot!
But just as Han Fusheng took Long Ruotong’s hand and was about to say something, his face suddenly changed wildly and his body hurriedly retreated backwards!
“Mu Lan, take Tong’er to the side hall at once and serve me well, if Tong’er is even slightly displeased, I’ll have your life!”
Han Fusheng said to the female servant.
“As you command!” Mu Lan was full of nervousness as she stepped forward and gently supported Long Ruotong as she walked towards the back.
“By the way, never let Madam know ……”
Han Fusheng admonished!
“As you command ……” Mu Lan a*sisted Long Ruotong and left.
Just as Mu Lan had a*sisted Long Ruotong to leave, a middle-aged woman came in from the front door in a hurry!