“You’re too modest, it’s all just your own superior natural talent.”
“Now that you are the Sect Master of the Violet Flame Sect, how the Violet Flame Sect develops later on is all up to you!”
The old Sect Master laughed!
“No, no, no, this Sect Master position of mine is only temporary, when I’m done with things, I still have to leave, and at that time, this Sect Master position will be passed on to Senior Sister Zhu Ling.”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
He thought that the old Sect Master had made him the Sect Master also to pass the position to Zhu Ling!
If the old Sect Master himself passed the position on to Zhu Ling, he was probably afraid that some Elders would be unconvinced!
After all, the position of Purple Flame Sect Master was not a hereditary system, and it was more or less inappropriate for the old Sect Master to pass it on to his own daughter!
Now that Chen Ping had passed it on to Zhu Ling, it would be able to block the mouths of others!
Chen Ping understood it this way, but he understood it wrongly, the old Sect Master did not mean this, he genuinely wanted Chen Ping to be the Sect Master!
“Zhu Ling is a woman, sooner or later she will have to marry someone, she is not suitable to be a Sect Master.”
“Unless you marry Zhu Ling, at that time, she can share the burden for you!”
The old Sect Master said!
“This can’t be allowed ……” Chen Ping hurriedly waved his hand!
He could not marry Zhu Ling.
Chen Ping had said that the first wedding had to be for Su Yuqi, and although Su Yuqi’s whereabouts were unknown now, Chen Ping was convinced that Su Yuqi was waiting for him!
Although Chen Ping had many women and many of them had skin to skin relationships, but he would not give his first wedding to any other woman!
“What, do you think I’m not good enough for you?”
Seeing this, Zhu Ling asked with some aggression!
“No, Senior Sister has a good figure, good skin, and she’s so beautiful, a man would like it when he sees it.”
“It’s just that I already have a girlfriend, and there are quite a few confidants that already have skin, so …… so I can’t match my senior sister.”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained!
When Zhu Ling heard this, she immediately laughed, she thought that Chen Ping could not look at herself!
The old Sect Master then laughed, “What does it matter, since you can’t take a wife, let Zhu Ling be your confidante.”
“In this Celestial Realm, it’s too normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines, and it’s also normal to double cultivate together if you have mutual feelings for each other, after all, it’s something that helps to improve your strength.”
“Right, you don’t need to marry me or give me any name, the Celestial Realm doesn’t care about that, you just need to have me in your heart.”
Zhu Ling approached Chen Ping and took the initiative to hold Chen Ping’s hand!
This could make Wei Qing and the others look at her, and their harrumphs flowed out!
The woman that they had never dared to dream of, at this moment even took the initiative to approach Chen Ping, and also took the initiative to offer herself!
This was the gap, the gap between man and man!
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not say anything more, people have taken the initiative to such an extent, if they do not agree, it would be a bit shameless!
Not to mention that Zhu Ling was indeed tempting, when he thought of that night, when he unintentionally saw Zhu Ling’s body, Chen Ping was still rushing to each other!
When the people returned to the Purple Flame Sect, Chen Ping first went to look for that Gu Tianzhao who was locked up!
Gu Tianzhao was locked up in the dungeon of the Purple Flame Sect, and it was surrounded by a spell formation laid down by Elder Cui!
At this time, Gu Tianzhao’s hair was dishevelled, and his entire person had long since lost the spiritedness he had at the beginning!
After hearing the voice, Gu Tianzhao slowly spoke, “You finally came ……”
“You have been waiting for me?”
Chen Ping was somewhat surprised!
“Of course, otherwise do you think that the spell formations around here would be able to trap me?”
Gu Tianzhao raised his head and revealed a hint of a smile!
Chen Ping swept a glance and smiled as well, these formations indeed could not trap Gu Tianzhao!
This fellow’s art of formations was indeed superior!
Only that Chen Ping did not understand why this fellow did not flee and waited for himself?
“What are you waiting for me for? Could it be that you want to beg me?”
Chen Ping asked!