“Senior, since this Purple Flame Sect was founded by you, could it be that at that time, you guys followed the Ghost Face Sect with deep hatred?”
Chen Ping did not understand, so many years ago, the Ghost Face Sect followed the Purple Flame Sect with hatred?
Otherwise, that Hong San wouldn’t have become enraged at the mention of the Ghost Face Sect!
“Back then, after discovering this Divine Volcano, I followed all the old ancestors of that Ghost Face Sect to compete for this place.”
“In the end, I won, and the Divine Volcano became my territory, and I created the Purple Flame Sect here, and spent a huge amount of money to hire dozens of formation masters to hide the Divine Volcano with formations.”
“Later, during one of my outings, I was sneak attacked by the Ghostface Sect, causing my physical body to be destroyed, leaving me with only a wisp of residual soul that escaped into the interior of this Divine Volcano.”
“For so many years, I have stayed here, quietly waiting for someone to discover it.”
Hong San slowly said!
“This is really the interior of the Divine Volcano? It seems there is no mistake!”
Chen Ping became excited when he heard Hong San say this!
Since this was the interior of the Divine Volcano, then he could definitely get out, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had not lied to him!
“It’s not difficult for you to leave this place, but I’ve been waiting here for so many years, and I’ve finally waited for the disciples of the Purple Flame Sect.”
“This wisp of my residual soul won’t be able to exist for much longer, so before I completely dissipate now, I’m going to hand over all of my life’s learning to you.”
“You are also a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, so after you have learnt my lifelong learning, you can behead that Huo Yuan Ting and take up the position of the Purple Flame Sect Master.”
Hong San said to Chen Ping!
“You’re going to pass on all of my techniques, that’s great ……,” Chen Ping laughed when he heard that!
“I only have a wisp of residual soul left now, so I need you to let go of your sea of consciousness, let me enter your sea of consciousness, and pass on to you the most refined things of my life, not only the techniques, but also some of my experiences!”
Hong San slowly said!
“No problem, I will immediately let go of my sea of consciousness, feel free to enter, senior!”
Chen Ping finished speaking, and the sea of consciousness instantly opened!
Hong San then instantly entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness with his divine soul!
“A mere fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, I didn’t expect the sea of consciousness to be quite vast, but you’re also heavenly stupid and too easy to trust people.”
“If you say you are a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, will I believe you?”
“You are carrying a demonic aura, you are not a disciple of our Purple Flame Sect at all, what exactly are you, tell me truthfully!”
Hong San’s expression was cold, directly controlling Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, he said!
“You have become a remnant soul, and you can still detect that I have a demonic aura on me, you are indeed formidable.”
“Although I am not a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, but I did not lie to you about the rest, I have been helping the Purple Flame Sect now.”
Chen Ping said!
“Humph, nonsense, do you take me as a three year old child? If you don’t give an honest account, then I will occupy your body or mess up your sea of consciousness, making you a fool and a walking corpse without a mind.”
Hong San snorted coldly, not believing what Chen Ping said at all!
“Kid, am I right, I told you that this old guy could tell that you lied, what did you have to say that you were a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect for.”
At this moment, the voice of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch came out from Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Hong San froze and hurriedly looked around, “Who is it, who is it? Could it be that there are other remnants of souls in this sea of consciousness?”
Along with Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, a golden light flashed and the Great Luo Golden Code was revealed!
The Red Cloud Demon Lord’s figure also appeared at the same time, while Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness expanded a dozen times at once!
Just now, when Hong San saw the vastness of Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, it was only a small portion of it, Chen Ping had not released the entire sea of consciousness!
It was also the Red Cloud Demon Monarch who had reminded Chen Ping to do so, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch had long since seen that this Hong San must have had other plans when he entered Chen Ping!