“No bother, as long as Palace Master Ji doesn’t forget what he promised me, I had a good night’s dream last night ……”
Chen Chen said with an evil smile.
“I won’t forget ……”
Ji Ru Xue finished speaking and led the way to the palace gate.
Chen Chen also followed behind.
It was almost noon when they saw that Xiang Chong had brought a few people to the entrance of the Red Lotus Palace.
The people Xiang Chong had brought with him were all at the Martial Sect realm, while Xiang Chong himself was a half-step Martial Marquis!
With such strength, the Red Lotus Palace was simply no match for them.
“Palace Master Ji, how are your thoughts? As long as your Red Lotus Palace follows me, Xiang Chong, I guarantee that you will live a drunken life.”
Xiang Chong said as he looked lustfully at Ji Ruxue.
“Humph, Xiang Chong, you shameless beast, I, Ji Ru Xue, will never submit to you.”
Ji Ru Xue said with a face of anger.
Xiang Chong’s face was cold, his eyes slightly glued, his body full of murderous aura said, “Don’t give you shame, if I really have to do it, then I will take all of you Red Lotus Palace disciples to the Sacred Beast Palace and let them have a good time ……”
“We will never submit to you even if we die, don’t think that you can do whatever you want because you have the Sacred Beast Palace behind you.”
“I’m telling you, I’ve also found helpers to deal with you specifically ……”
Ji Ru Xue finished speaking and shouted backwards, “Duke Chen, come out ……”
At that moment Chen Chen walked out with square steps and looked coldly at Xiang Chong, “Xiang Chong, I am here, see which one of you dares to touch the Red Lotus Palace a bit!”
Xiang Chong looked at that Chen Chen and frowned slightly, “Who are you?”
Xiang Chong did not know Chen Chen, but seeing that Chen Chen had no fear of himself and spoke in a very tough manner, he was somewhat unsure of himself.
After all, if he dared to speak to him like this, then there must be no small amount of strength behind him.
“Haha, what kind of person am I? I tell you, even if the Sacred Beast Palace is here, they still have to give me face, you’re nothing!”
“I advise you to get lost quickly, don’t P*ss me off, none of you will be able to leave!”
Chen Chen said with an arrogant face.
He had wanted to bring out the Sacred Beast Palace, but who knew that the moment he opened his mouth, he would say that even the Sacred Beast Palace had to give face.
At this time, Xiang Chong collected his aura and said with a smile on his face, “Sir Chen, forgive my clumsy eyes, I really don’t know which family’s grandson Sir Chen is.”
“I also hope that Mr. Chen will show me, let’s be friends in the future ……”
Xiang Chong hurriedly took out a cigarette and handed it to that Chen Chen with a very respectful expression!
Ji Ruxue, who saw this, was also relieved in her heart, that Xiang Chong was so fearful, then the Red Lotus Palace must be fine.
However, when she thought of sleeping with Chen Chen at night, Ji Ru Xue was sick to her stomach.
At this moment Chen Chen took the cigarette, held it in his mouth and waited for Xiang Chong to light it.
Xiang Chong, on the other hand, hurriedly opened the lighter and prepared to light it for Xiang Chong.
“Let me tell you, my father, Chen Erhe, is the Yu State Protector of the Court …………”
Before Chen Chen finished his words, he saw that Xiang Chong froze and the lighter in his hand went out.
Immediately afterwards a face of anger, and then gave that Chen Chen a fierce slap, directly took the cigarette out of Chen Chen’s mouth.
“Xiang Chong, you f*cking …………”
Chen Chen shouted angrily towards Xiang Chong, but before he could finish his words, Xiang Chong kicked over.
Chen Chen’s entire body flew out like a kite with a broken string, and then fell heavily on the ground.
Chen Chen spat blood out of his mouth and his face became very ugly.
At this moment, Ji Ru Xue was a little confused, how could this Chen Chen be so unbeatable?
Xiang Chong angrily walked up to Chen Chen, then offered another kick, “I f*cking let your family father, Chen Erhe, almost bluffed me.”
“D*mn, your father is not just a Guardian Pavilion Lord, dragging what with me ……”
Xiang Chong was going to be exasperated and stomped hard on that Chen Chen a few feet.