At this moment, Chen Ping was in the imperial city’s book collection pavilion, which was home to the carefully selected geniuses of the Bu Yih Demon Emperor, all of whom were learning the art of pill refining!
Ever since Chen Ping had used the ancient texts of the beast race to create a pill refining technique that the beast race could learn, the Ikh Demon Emperor had sent people to catch up on their studies!
If their Demon Emperor City had their own pill refiners, then their strength would definitely increase by a lot, and they wouldn’t have to be under the control of others!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had arrived, Elder Pei hurriedly came forward to greet him!
These people were now under Elder Pei’s jurisdiction, supervising their studies on a daily basis!
“Although the pill refining technique looks incredibly simple compared to other techniques, it is still necessary to progress gradually and not be too hasty.”
Chen Ping glanced at the crowd of people studying, and then said to Elder Pei!
“Mr. Chen is right in his lesson, I will pay more attention to it ……”
Elder Pei said with great humility!
“En, you take them and continue to study, I’ll go upstairs and take a look at it in ……”
Last time, Chen Ping only had a brief look at the Book Collection and didn’t go deeper, knowing that it was divided into several levels, so Chen Ping wanted to go upstairs to have a look!
“Mr. Chen Ping, it’s better for me to accompany you up there, it’s forbidden by the Demon Emperor up there.”
Elder Pei hurriedly said!
“A taboo has also been laid, is there something very important up there?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!
Elder Pei nodded and led Chen Ping along as he said, “There is indeed a very important ancient book stored upstairs.”
“I heard that it was written by the oldest beast king of our demon beast clan.
“The ancient book has been sealed and no one has been able to unlock it yet.
Elder Pei knew of Chen Ping’s status in Demon Emperor City, so he didn’t hide it from Chen Ping and said truthfully!
Hearing this, Chen Ping’s eyes instantly lit up “Running Thunder Palm? It sounds very good, quickly take me to see it ……”
Elder Pei nodded and took Chen Ping straight upstairs, then walked up to a thick ancient book!
This ancient book was covered in dust, it should have been a long time since someone had cleaned it!
“Mr. Chen, the seal on this ancient book is very overbearing, not to mention picking it up, even if you get close, you will be injured by the power in it, that’s why no one has cleaned this place!”
“If you want to see it, you should stand at a distance and take a look, don’t get too close!”
Elder Pei said to Chen Ping!
“Thanks for the reminder, but I think it’s better for me to get closer and take a look!”
Chen Ping said, and walked towards the ancient book, and just as he got close to it, Chen Ping felt a huge force emanating from it, followed by a cackling sound from Chen Ping’s body, as if something had been pressed hard against it!
Feeling this force, Chen Ping only felt his internal organs tumbling and his body trembling involuntarily!
“There’s really something ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as the power of the divine Dragon instantly erupted, resisting this massive force!
Right after the Divine Dragon Force within Chen Ping erupted, the force seemed to sense something and instantly disappeared without a trace!
Chen Ping faintly froze, then reached out and grabbed towards that ancient book!
Chen Ping’s palm shone with a golden light, enveloped by the power of the divine dragon!
A ray of divine dragon power entered the ancient book, and the seal on it instantly collapsed and disappeared under the impact of the divine dragon’s power!
And Chen Ping directly grabbed the ancient book into his hands and immediately flipped through it.
Elder Pei, who saw this scene, instantly opened his eyes wide and looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
One must know that even the Ichthus Demon Emperor had tried many times before, but there was no way to get the ancient book into his hands, let alone flipping through it!