“If I don’t beat the sh*t out of you today, I’ll never set foot in the Secret Realm ……”
After Chen Ping said that, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand appeared instantly!
The sword followed his heart, only to see the Dragon Cutting Sword emitting a buzzing sound, the infinite sword intent burst out at this moment!
Chen Ping looked at Feng Wuxian with a cold smile on his face!
Although Chen Ping’s realm did not appear to have changed, the power of the divine dragon within his body had been greatly enhanced!
If he hadn’t been able to prevent his full strength from being revealed, Chen Ping would have been able to shake the heavens and the earth with his golden dragon whistling at the moment the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared!
Feeling the sword intent emanating from the Dragon Cutting Sword, the contempt on Feng Wuxian’s face disappeared and was replaced by a look of seriousness!
From the moment the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared, he knew that Chen Ping was not to be messed with.
Feng Wu-hsien also slowly drew out a sword, and in an instant, the sword’s aura rose in all directions, and killing intent was rampant!
Chen Ping and Feng Wu Hien looked at each other, neither of them making the first move!
In a true master’s duel, the first one to strike is definitely the one who has the upper hand, but it may also expose his own flaws and weaknesses!
And between masters like them, a single flaw may be all it takes to turn a defeat into a victory!
“Come on, let’s see what you, a secular practitioner, can achieve!”
Feng Wuxing waved at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping snorted coldly, and then his body suddenly moved!
With a slight shake of the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, a domineering sword aura was directed towards Feng Wu Hien.
When he felt the sword aura emanating from Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword, Feng Wuxian also moved, and his sword instantly drew cherry blossoms in mid-air!
Boom!
A terrifying aura swept out from Feng Wu-Hen’s sword, and this aura instantly blocked Chen Ping’s sword aura.
The strength of this Feng Wu Heng was indeed very strong, Chen Ping’s sword was so easily deflected by him!
“Hmph, how dare you show off on stage with just these two skills!”
Feng Wu Heng smiled coldly, the gloom on his face disappeared, the strength of Chen Ping’s sword just now did not pose the slightest threat to him!
“Ten Thousand Swords to the Clan ……”
Feng Wu Heng suddenly threw the long sword in his hand towards the mid-air, and a rumbling sound instantly rang out in the sky!
At this moment, countless sword shadows appeared above Chen Ping’s head, descending from the sky and heading straight for Chen Ping!
At the same time, Feng Wuxian stomped his foot lightly, and countless pieces of rubble rose up around the ring, drowning Chen Ping in an instant!
With the rain of swords above his head and the array of rubble beneath his feet, Chen Ping had no way to escape and no way to avoid ……
“Hahahaha, I’m not on the Wind Cloud Ranking, so you think I’m easy to bully?”
Feng Wu Heng burst into laughter!
And at that moment, along with a buzzing sound, a golden light shot up into the sky and instantly broke through the Stone Breaking Array.
Underneath the golden light was Chen Ping holding the Dragon Cutting Sword.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was covered with golden scales, and his undestructive golden body was activated, directly wrapping Chen Ping up!
Ding Ding Ding …………
The countless rains of swords fell, but they all bounced off Chen Ping’s body, causing no damage to him at all!
When everyone saw this scene, they were all astonished!
They couldn’t understand what was covering Chen Ping’s body, how could it be so hard!
Even Feng Wu Heng frowned and looked at Chen Ping coldly!
“Who do you think will win between Chen Ping and Feng Wuching?”
On top of the platform, Yu Qian looked at the situation in the ring and asked.
“Although Chen Ping has a lot of tricks up his sleeve, he is only relying on the various treasures he has on his body.”
“The precious armour he is wearing and the sword in his hand are all extraordinary.”
“If he didn’t have these treasures, he would have been under Feng Wu Heng’s sword by now.”
Jin Li Fu analysed