He would rely on these men to hold Andrew back and then quickly kill Chen Ping.
With Watanabe Ichiro’s orders, the samurai drew their katanas and began to charge from towards the members of the Protector’s Court and the people Andrew had brought with him.
“Andrew, you go deal with those samurai, just leave Watanabe Ichiro to me ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly said to Andrew.
Andrew’s men, who had just been detoxified, had not yet recovered their strength, and were now relying on Xu Shimao to lead the Guardian Pavilion to deal with those samurai, Chen Ping was afraid that Xu Shimao and the others would be in danger, so he asked Andrew to help.
Andrew took a look at Chen Ping, then let out a furious cry and pounced on those warriors.
And Chen Ping looked at Ichiro Watanabe who had a smug look on his face and said with cold eyes, “Now, I will also let you taste my Nine Shadow Sword Technique ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the aura on his body exploded out abruptly, and golden light appeared as if it was the sun in the sky, the light was blinding, much stronger than the light reflected from those three men in black.
“First sword, sword qi like a rainbow …………”
Chen Ping slowly raised the Zenglong Sword, the sword humming, followed by his body rising up in the air, the monstrous sword aura covering the sky and covering the ground towards Watanabe Ichiro.
Ichiro Watanabe was shocked and hurriedly raised the sword in his hand to meet it.
Clang …………
The two swords touched, and the flashes of fire rose to the sky.
Ichiro Watanabe only felt a pain in his tiger’s mouth, and the sword in his hand almost came out of his hand.
“Second sword, draw the sword and break the water …………”
Chen Ping once again struck out with his sword, this time with an even more dazzling sword aura, and its power had also been increased by a lot.
Watanabe Ichiro’s face was hard to see, and with a grit of his teeth, he met it again.
Click …………
This time, Watanabe Ichiro only felt his body suffered a heavy blow, followed by cracks appearing in the sword in his hand, and it directly crumbled ……
“This …… how is this possible? How could you possibly know the Nine Shadow Sword Technique?”
Watanabe Ichiro looked at Chen Ping in shock, his face full of incredulity.
“Not only do I know your Nine Shadow Sword Technique, I even know your Nine Shadow Splitting Trick like the back of my hand ……”
Chen Ping said, his figure suddenly split, directly becoming two, followed by three, four …………
Only after Chen Ping’s figure finally split into six did it stop.
The exact same six Chen Ping stood neatly in front of Watanabe Ichiro.
“Impossible, absolutely impossible, how could you possibly split into six split bodies?”
Watanabe Ichiro hissed, “How fast does it take to appear six split bodies? I’ve been practicing for twenty years and I’ve only gotten to four split bodies, can you practice to six split bodies in three days? This is absolutely impossible …………”
Watanabe Ichiro growled, daring to believe that it was true in front of him, and he couldn’t believe it either, because it was too big a blow for him.
Although these words some shadow doppelgangers did not have the power to attack, just some phantoms, but they could be very good at confusing the opponent, even without making a move, to make the opponent lose badly.
At that time in the ring, Ichiro Watanabe had used a shadow doppelganger and almost didn’t kill Andrew alive.
“Nothing is impossible ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly as all his doppelgangers reunited, “Are you going to kill yourself, or do you want me to do it?”
The corners of Watanabe Ichiro’s eyes twitched as he gritted his teeth, “Do you think that I will give in just like that?”
When Ichiro Watanabe finished speaking, he looked at the three men in black and said, “Sacrifice …………”
When the three men in black heard Watanabe Ichiro’s words, they all froze, followed by fear in their eyes.
“Young Master Watanabe …………”
The three men in black looked at Ichiro Watanabe supplicatingly.
“Do you want to rebel? Think of your families ……”
Watanabe Ichiro threatened the three.
The three men trembled, and then after looking at each other, they slapped their chests.