Chen Ping was getting anxious, if he didn’t let this guy take over and enter his sea of consciousness, he wouldn’t be able to hold on!
After coming so twice, his little life would be gone!
“Little girl, you don’t have to be in a hurry, when I take over his body, I will naturally look for you, I want to see what kind of relationship you have with that old Taoist.”
After the man finished speaking, his palm gently grasped, Lin Keting only felt her body was bound and she couldn’t move a muscle!
Even with the life preserving jade pendant in place, there was no way to use it in!
“If you take over me, I won’t give you this opportunity, I would rather die than let you take over me.”
Chen Ping said, surprisingly, he got up and violently slammed towards the stone beast on the side.
He was going to ram himself to death!
The man instantly panicked a little, his body transformed into a wisp of black mist and rushed towards Chen Ping!
This was deliberate on Chen Ping’s part, he did not really want to commit suicide, but to force the man to quickly enter his Sea of Consciousness!
If a pervert like the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was discovered in his own sea of consciousness, then the man would definitely not be in the process of seizing his body!
What Chen Ping wanted was to not give the man time to consider!
Whoosh!
The black mist instantly entered Chen Ping’s body and went straight into Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, stopped in his tracks with a smug smile on his face!
Seeing that smile of Chen Ping’s, Lin Keting only felt her scalp tingle!
“Hahahaha, I will soon be free, free ……”
The man who had entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness laughed madly!
After thousands of years of being here, he was going crazy, and now after taking over his body, he was free to leave.
“The old man isn’t even free, you’re free a tick right ……”
Red Cloud Demon Lord’s voice rang out!
“Who? Who are you?”The man was startled, he did not expect that there was still a remnant soul present in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s figure slowly appeared, and then looked at the man with disdain!
“You ……”
The man looked at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch as his pupils continued to dilate, “You are a Demon Monarch? Could it be that you have already taken over this body?”
“Senior forgive me, senior really didn’t know that Lord Demon Sovereign had already taken over this body, otherwise I wouldn’t dare to give senior a hundred guts.”
“The late generation will leave now, and will never dare to follow senior to compete for ……”
The man fell to his knees in fear, trembling all over as he spoke to the Red Cloud Demon Sovereign!
“Leave? Since you’ve come in, can you still leave?”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch coldly smiled, “Old me doesn’t have the ability to take over this body, I’m just temporarily living here, to put it bluntly, I’m just the tenant, but others are the landlords.”
“If one day, he won’t let me host here anymore, I’m afraid I’ll have to fly out of my soul.”
“You’re just a little loose devil, still thinking of taking over this body, it’s really ridiculous.”
After the Red Cloud Demon Monarch finished speaking, his figure suddenly disappeared, followed by Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, golden light soared!
Only to see that the Great Luo Golden Code emanating golden light, a golden light that caused the man to wail in pain!
How could he not have expected that there would be the remnants of a Demon Monarch’s soul in the sea of consciousness of a seventh grade minor cultivator of the Transition Realm?
Even more so, he did not expect that Chen Ping would have a supreme treasure like the Great Luo Golden Code in his sea of consciousness!
The man still could not figure out exactly why until he finally disappeared!
Chen Ping still had a smile on the corner of his mouth, until the man’s residual soul completely disappeared, Chen Ping’s smile became even wider!
A small residual soul was just a small residual soul, still wanting to fight with himself!
When Chen Ping saw the bound Lin Keting with a scared look on her face, he intended to tease her!
“Little beauty, brother hasn’t tasted a woman for thousands of years, let me have a good time today ……”
Chen Ping walked towards Lin Keting with a lustful look on his face!
Lin Keting looked at Chen Ping with that look, she knew that Chen Ping must have been taken over!
“Don’t come over, you bad egg ……”
Lin Keting was bound and could not move at all, she could only desperately shout!
“Go ahead and shout, it’s useless to shout your throat out, I’m going to let you taste my power!”
Chen Ping said, and pounced towards Lin Keting!