Now, Chen Ping needs to break through the Valley Breaking Stage as soon as possible and enter the Dan Jie Dan Stage, forming an inner dan within his dantian, and then his strength will take a qualitative leap.
At that time, Chen Ping would have entered the Martial Sect realm, and with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, he might be able to follow the peak of the Martial Sect in a battle.
Chen Ping’s current strength would not stand a chance against a peak Martial Sect.
“That’s right, what kind of treasures has Councilor Guo not seen, where would he look at a mere dragon crystal ……”
Zhao Wuji hurriedly bragged on the side.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, you don’t need to blow me off either, I am not interested in dragon crystals, but you know what I like, and I still hope that what you promised me, you can do it ……”
Guo Wei said coldly, not complacent because of Zhao Wuji’s bragging.
Hearing Guo Wei say so, Zhao Wuji paused slightly, then nodded and said, “I will definitely do what I promised Councilor Guo, but this Mr. Chen thing …………”
“Don’t worry, I’ll send a notice to the clans and sects in the name of the Martial Arts a*sociation, no one can touch this Chen Ping before the international competition, after all, he is representing my Great Xia country in the battle!”
Guo Wei said.
“Then thank you so much Councilor Guo ……”
When Zhao Wuji heard this, he immediately became happy.
As long as the great sects and families did not trouble Chen Ping before the competition, when the competition was over, he could completely sneak Chen Ping out of Kyoto, 100,000 miles of mountains and rivers, Chen Ping could hide anywhere.
As he was leaving, Guo Wei suddenly snapped his fingers and a white light instantly entered Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping’s face was shocked and he hurriedly tried to force that white light out, but the spiritual power of his body ran for a week, but he couldn’t find that white light.
“Councilor Guo ……”
Zhao Wuji was also panicked, not understanding how this Guo Wei, who was talking nicely, could suddenly strike at Chen Ping.
“You guys don’t need to panic, I just put a brand on him, he is not allowed to leave Kyoto until my business is done ……”
Guo Wei finished speaking and left directly.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, frowned slightly and probed his body once again, but could not find the brand at all.
“Not bad for an expert at the peak of Martial Sect, really powerful ……”
Chen Ping watched as his opponent branded his body while he was unable to stop it, he couldn’t even find out the trace of the brand, this showed that the difference in strength was too great.
After sending Guo Wei away, Zhao Wuji walked back and said, “Mr. Chen, now you can rest a*sured that the Martial Alliance has given the word, those clans and families won’t dare to make a move against you for now ……”
“Pavilion Master Zhao, what conditions did you promise that person?”
Chen Ping knew that the reason why that Guo Wei helped himself was entirely because Zhao Wuji had agreed to the other party’s demands.
“Nothing, Mr. Chen just prepare for the competition at ease, I’ll take care of the rest ……”
Zhao Wuji didn’t say.
Seeing that Zhao Wouji did not say, Chen Ping did not pursue the matter, for the network of relationships within Kyoto, intricate and complex, Chen Ping did not know anything at all, so it was useless for the sake of it.
The next day, the Wudao Alliance spread a message on top of the Wudao forum: Chen Ping had joined the Guardian Pavilion and would participate in the international competition in a few days, before the competition, regardless of any personal grudges and hatred, no one and no clan or family was allowed to find trouble with Chen Ping ……
This news blew up directly, the last time Chen Ping fought Qin Xiaolin, and also killed Qin Xiaolin, once on the forum above the waves, only to know only a part of, many martial arts experts, press will not pay attention, after all, are low-level strength of the competition, they are not interested.