Looking at the sound transmission jade slip in Wind Demon’s hand, Chen Ping instantly cried and laughed a little!
It seemed that the various talisman masters in this Celestial Realm were really lacking to the extreme!
Even these great devils could not refine simple talismans!
“Elder Wind Demon, you’d better keep it for yourself, I have dozens of Voice Transmission Jade Slips here, I’ll give them all to you, you just need to think of me, you can use them, no need to be reluctant to part with them!”
“I can refine hundreds of these in a while ……”
Chen Ping took out dozens of sound transmission jade slips from his storage ring and said!
“sh*t …………”
Wind Demon looked at the dozens of sound transmission jade slips in Chen Ping’s hand and could only burst out a harsh foul mouth.
Without being polite, Wind Demon took the dozens of Voice Transmission Jade Slips in his hands and left!
Looking at the back of the Wind Demon, the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man was still in a bit of a trance, he didn’t expect that he had really met the Wind Demon Old Ancestor!
After Wind Demon left, Chen Ping said to Luo Shouhai and Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man “I met the people from the Soulless Hall on the road and brought them here ……”
“People from the Soulless Hall? Didn’t they want to kill you, these people are the dogs of the Demon Sealing Alliance ……”
Luo Shouhai asked in disbelief!
“Now these people from the Soulless Hall want to break away from the Demon Sealing Alliance, so I brought them here, and this Blood Spirit Valley is also big enough to have the people from the Soulless Hall here for the time being, so I don’t think that the Demon Sealing Alliance could possibly think of it.”
Chen Ping said!
“If these people are not targeting Mr Chen, I don’t have any problem with letting them stay in Blood Spirit Valley!”
Luo Shouhai said!
“Well then, I’ll take you guys to meet ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and took Luo Shouhai and the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder to meet Song Tianhai of the Soulless Hall!
Because they were of the same devil race, they quickly became familiar with each other!
The Soulless Hall would land in the Blood Spirit Valley in the future so that they could temporarily hide from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Chen Ping let the Fire Phoenix bring the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and familiarise himself with the scent of the Blood Spirit Valley first, while he himself stayed in seclusion to study that clock!
Three days later, the Rhinoceros Beast had become familiar with the scent of the Blood Spirit Valley, and had become more emotionally attached to the Fire Phoenix!
During this time, Luo Shouhai was a bit impatient!
He was eager to know what kind of person had slaughtered his Blood Spirit Valley as a whole!
“Fire Phoenix, how is it going?”
Chen Ping asked to Fire Phoenix!
“No problem.” Fire Phoenix said confidently!
“Then, let this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast find out what person’s scent had stopped by this Blood Spirit Valley before we came here!”
“Then let the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast follow the scent and track it, and we will follow it over to see what kind of person did it.”
Chen Ping said to the Fire Phoenix!
The Fire Phoenix nodded and then followed the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast to explain!
Don’t look at the fact that this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast had just been born not long ago, but it was very sensitive in terms of scent!
Only to see the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast circling around the Blood Spirit Valley, and then hovering at the location of the valley’s entrance!
Only after a quarter of an hour did the Rhinoceros Beast let out a hiss in the south-east direction and then quickly ran!
Seeing this, Chen Ping and the others quickly followed!
Jin Dong and Luo Xi did not follow, leaving the two of them to stay behind and watch over the Blood Spirit Valley, besides, these people from the Soulless Hall had just come to the Blood Spirit Valley and there were still many places they were unfamiliar with!
………………
Ye City! Ye family!
Elder Chu and Ye Liancheng were both sitting in the Ye Family’s hall!
Three days had passed, but there was not the slightest news from the Soulless Hall!
“Servant Master Ye, it seems that this bunch of guys from the Soulless Hall have really all betrayed, three days have passed and there is no news at all.”
Elder Chu said with a gloomy expression!
This time, he brought Zuo Xuan to the Heavenly Demon Mountain, but Zuo Xuan died, and all the guys from the Soulless Hall also betrayed, Elder Chu didn’t know how to follow Zuo Tianzheng to explain!
“Elder Chu don’t worry, as long as these guys from the Soulless Hall don’t go out of this part of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, sooner or later they will be able to find them.”
Ye Liancheng comforted Elder Chu and said!
“Servant Master Ye, how are things going with the Sheng Family in Fancheng? The Alliance Master personally invited the Sheng Family many times to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, but this Sheng Family has been pushing back.”
“If this Sheng family can join our Demon Sealing Alliance, our Demon Sealing Alliance will have our own formation master, and then we can use all kinds of talismans at will.”
Elder Chu said!
After all, the Sheng family was a far-famed family of arts and talismans that anyone would want to pull together.
“Elder Chu don’t worry, it won’t take long, the Sheng Family will beg to join the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
The corner of Ye Liancheng’s mouth lifted slightly, full of confidence!