Only to see the great tortoise stretch out its head, and with every breath, a terrifying power would gush out, exerting pressure towards Chen Ping and the others!
“Chen Ping, this is the Tortoise Breathing Grand Technique, stop him quickly, we can’t let him finish his spell ……”
At this moment, Ge Yuhan looked at the large turtle in mid-air, so she roared at Chen Ping!
Ge Yu Han’s roar instantly caught the attention of that Kawaguchi Kazuo, only to see Kawaguchi Kazuo looking coldly at Ge Yu Han, with a bit of surprise in his eyes!
Because this ancient turtle breath technique, which few people could understand nowadays, was not recognized by a young girl!
Kawaguchi Kazuo didn’t know that inside Ge Yuhan’s body, there was now a saintly maiden who lived thousands of years ago, and she certainly knew all the ancient techniques.
“D*mn, so you’re all turtle sons ……”
Chen Ping roared out, his body instantly pulled up to the ground!
With a golden fist, he ruthlessly blasted towards the condensed turtle!
Seeing Chen Ping attacking directly, Watanabe Jun didn’t panic in the slightest, using the time between that turtle’s exhalation to instantly form a barrier in front of him with both palms forming a seal!
“When the Tortoise Breath Grand Technique is completed, none of you people will be able to leave here alive ……”
Watanabe Jun had a faint cold smile on his face!
Chen Ping’s body was flying as his golden fist shone brightly, and a golden dragon hissed out from within Chen Ping!
It broke through that barrier in an instant, without the slightest hindrance!
“How could this happen?”
Watanabe Jun’s face changed, his entire being filled with surprise.
Even Kawaguchi Kazuo’s brow furrowed!
“Hmph, let’s see how our Sons of the Dragon will teach you turtle sons a lesson ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as the aura that erupted from his body headed straight for Watanabe Jun!
Watanabe Jun’s body exploded back, his feet stepped on top of the turtle’s back, his mouth murmured something unknown, then between the turtle’s exhalation, his fingers gently clawed, followed by a dazzling white light flickering up.
“Wuji Turtle Power ……”
Watanabe Jun let out a roar, and that dazzling ball of white light was instantly thrown towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body flashed and tried to dodge it, but the white light unexpectedly transformed into a large net instantly, enveloping Chen Ping without waiting for him to react.
Chen Ping was instantly trapped inside, and without the slightest hesitation, Watanabe Jun waved his palm and a blood-red katana appeared in his hand!
The next thing he did was to slash down, directly towards the trapped Chen Ping!
In an instant, the heavens and the earth trembled, the Great Dao hummed, and this slash almost caused a vision of heaven and earth!
“Chen Ping …………”
When the crowd saw this, they couldn’t help but sweat for Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping did not panic, only to see Chen Ping’s right hand waved and the Zenglong Sword appeared, a dark glow emanated from the Zenglong Sword’s body!
After Chen Ping injected the power of the divine dragon into the Zenglong Sword, a dragon roar resounded throughout the sky!
“Break ……”
With a wave of the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, the net that had trapped him instantly dissipated!
Immediately afterwards, the blade and the sword Qi collided directly into each other, emitting a dazzling light!
Watanabe Jun looked at Chen Ping coldly, “I tell you, no one can escape from the Tortoise Breath Grand Technique ……”
But as soon as Watanabe Jun’s words fell, the light dissipated, and Chen Ping’s sword qi was surprisingly not weak at all!
The collision just now did not dissipate the sword qi Chen Ping had wielded!
Watanabe Jun’s face changed and his eyes widened, “How could this happen?”
With that, Watanabe Jun’s body rapidly retreated, not forgetting to ask the turtle that had transformed into his form to retreat with him!
Brush!
The sword qi was so fast that Watanabe Jun could no longer retreat in time, only to see the sharp sword qi slice through the turtle’s head in an instant!
The crowd saw that the turtle’s head was cut off, followed by the entire body disintegrating!
Watanabe Jun fell from mid-air to the ground, and his breath was weakened!