This sudden turn of events caused everyone to look at Chen Ping in shock.
Everyone was now suppressed of their energy and were completely ordinary people, knowing that a slap from an ordinary person would not have this much power.
“Chen Ping, you don’t want to live anymore do you? Give me the painting ……”
Guo Wei said as he stepped forward and looked at Chen Ping angrily.
“What kind of a thing are you? The painting is mine, I won’t give it to anyone, come and get it yourself if you have the guts, aren’t you a peak Martial Sect? Aren’t you a bully? Come and get it!”
Chen Ping provoked towards Guo Wei.
The crowd looked at Chen Ping and thought he was crazy to dare to openly provoke Guo Wei.
“You seek death ……”
Guo Wei’s face was grim and cold as he steeply raised his hand towards Chen Ping and slapped him.
Even though his power was suppressed, Guo Wei’s slap had a lot of force.
Chen Ping looked at Guo Wei who was rushing over, his heart had long been displeased with this guy, he himself reached out and grabbed Guo Wei’s collar, and with a casual lift of his hand, he picked Guo Wei up.
At this moment, Guo Wei was like a small chicken, struggling desperately in Chen Ping’s hand.
“Chen Ping, let go of me, or I will make your life worse than death ……”
Guo Wei roared, at this moment, Guo Wei had lost all his face!
“It’s come to this, and you still dare to threaten me ……”
Chen Ping said, swinging his hand towards Guo Wei’s face.
Slap slap slap slap …………
After a few slaps in a row, Guo Wei’s face was swollen, and his mouth was swollen to a large size.
When they saw that Chen Ping dared to hit Guo Wei like this, everyone’s mouths opened wide in shock, but none of them dared to care.
Now they could see that the spell formation had not suppressed Chen Ping’s strength, and that was why such a scene had occurred.
In that case, now here, Chen Ping could be the sky, the emperor, and no one would dare to mess with him.
“You are threatening me to see ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile as he looked at Guo Wei.
Guo Wei opened his mouth, but said nothing, helplessly lowering his head.
If he continued like this, he was going to be smoked to death by Chen Ping.
Seeing that Guo Wei had no more anger, Chen Ping threw Guo Wei aside like a dead dog.
As Long Xiao watched the scene before him, his face turned extremely ugly. Just now, he wanted to scold Chen Ping twice, but now he could only keep his mouth tightly shut, not daring to provoke Chen Ping anymore.
Although Long Xiao kept his mouth shut and did not provoke Chen Ping, Chen Ping did not intend to let him go and walked straight towards Long Xiao.
He then grabbed Long Xiao’s hair and carried him straight to the side.
“Chen Ping, I …… gave you the painting, I won’t steal it from you anymore, why are you still looking for me?”
Long Xiao asked in disbelief as he trembled slightly.
“I’m not f*cking happy with you, okay?”
Chen Ping viciously kicked Long Xiao in the chest, followed by taking Long Xiao’s head and slamming it towards the stone wall.
Soon, Long Xiao’s face was covered in blood and his features were all twisted together.
Everyone watched and no one tried to stop them. Guo Wei’s face was very gloomy, but he did not dare to care anymore.
The two Martial Sect experts of the Long Family could only turn around anxiously, and did not dare to go forward, they could only look at Long Xing Xu.
Long Xingxu did not have the slightest expression on his face, but his heart had long since gloated.
He himself had long looked at Long Xiao with displeasure, and if he had the chance, Long Xing Xu would like to beat Long Xiao severely like this.
Long Xiao was already on his deathbed, but Chen Ping did not stop.
No one knew why Chen Ping was treating Long Xiao like a madman at this moment, and how deep the hatred between the two men really was.
The reason why Chen Ping was like this was that he could not control his emotions when he remembered his mother, who was still suffering in the Long family.
“Chen Ping, it’s okay, if you really kill Long Xiao, you are afraid that your future path will not be good.”
At this moment, Dong Jiahao stepped forward and persuaded Chen Ping.
Chen Ping let out a bitter smile, even if he didn’t kill Long Xiao, in fact, the Long family was not good enough to let him go, but Chen Ping couldn’t take Long Xiao’s life yet, he had to wait for the opportunity, wait for the chance to use Long Xiao’s life to exchange his mother out.