Chen Ping knew that it was the soul spirit within the black and silver robed boss that had taken over the main body.
“Hmph, you people who should have died long ago have caused turmoil throughout the martial world, today I will completely wipe you out.”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he put away the Martial Saint Blade and held the Dragon Chopper Sword in his hand!
Using the Dragon Chopping Sword, he was more at ease with it.
“I will give my life in exchange for the gates of hell to open ……”
The boss suddenly shouted!
Immediately afterwards several black and silver robes knelt down on the ground in unison, followed by a path of light appearing from underneath them, followed by the light spreading rapidly in all directions!
In the end, the entire martial arts arena was enveloped.
At first the crowd didn’t take it seriously, but when the ground shook and a black mist rose up around them, someone finally realised that something was wrong.
Rumble …………
The black fog came from all directions and wrapped up the entire martial arts arena.
And beneath everyone’s feet, there was a black fog surrounding them, and these black as like shackles that held everyone’s feet in a death grip!
At this moment, some people started to get scared, desperately struggling and screaming, trying to escape from here!
But soon they realised that there was no way to escape from the black fog, and everyone could feel that the energy in their bodies was slowly draining away!
Although the speed was very slow, they could still feel it.
Some people tried to stop it, but found that they couldn’t stop it at all!
And several of the black and silver robes were surrounded by black mist, while the aura in them was growing!
It was obvious that the energy flowing from the crowd was being absorbed by these black and silver robes!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he didn’t expect these black and silver robes to be able to perform this evil art!
Chen Ping leapt up and the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand instantly chopped out!
He could not let these black and silver robes continue, otherwise everyone here would be dead in the end.
Swish …………
The incomparably sharp sword qi instantly chopped towards that boss!
The boss actually didn’t dodge or dodge, but also charged straight towards Chen Ping!
The sharp sword qi instantly chopped on that boss’s arm, directly severing that boss’s arm!
And the boss’s fist slammed heavily into the Blood Demon’s flesh!
Chen Ping’s body instantly took several steps backwards, he could truly feel the change in this boss’s strength.
Fortunately, he had the Blood Demon’s flesh as a shield, otherwise Chen Ping might have been injured by this punch.
But a sword that severed the boss’s arm was a bonus!
But when Chen Ping looked over, he found that the arm that had been chopped off had started to disappear rapidly, turning into a black mist.
The black mist then surrounded the severed arm of the boss, and a new arm grew out.
This surprised Chen Ping!
Just as Chen Ping was surprised, several other black and silver robes also attacked towards Chen Ping!
In a flash, Chen Ping was fighting six Black Silver Robes all by himself!
Although the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was incredibly sharp, each sword could seriously injure a Black Silver Robe.
But these guys were undaunted, and even when their heads were cut off, they still managed to grow up intact, which made Chen Ping’s head hurt!
If it wasn’t for the Blood Demon’s flesh body as a shield, Chen Ping wouldn’t know what he had become at this moment.
But even so, Chen Ping’s body was already bruised and battered.
“D*mn, these guys are all immortal now, and they can still absorb other people’s energy endlessly, this can’t go on ……”
Chen Ping frowned as he struggled to hold on!
Now he was all strength but useless, even if the Chopping Dragon Sword was sharp, it was useless.
Boom …………
With a loud bang, Chen Ping’s body was hit hard again and he flew straight backwards, landing heavily on the ground!
It was already unknown how many times he had been knocked off his feet.