“Knowing people, who knows what’s in their hearts, let’s both be careful.”
Ruyan Liu told Nie Heng to be careful and watch out!
Instead, she was nervously looking at the light screen in front of her, inwardly expecting Chen Ping to appear!
But at this moment, Chen Ping was looking intently at everything in the Divine Peasant Tripod!
At this moment, the surroundings had long been wrapped in mist, and in the Divine Farmer’s Tripod, a crystalline elixir appeared, and within that elixir, there was also white mist wrapped around it!
“What kind of elixir is this?”Chen Ping took the elixir out from within the Divine Nong Ding.
After playing with it for a while, Chen Ping couldn’t even tell what exactly this elixir was and what role it had!
“No wonder I didn’t recognise those breaths just now, so it was transformed by this elixir!”
“To be able to transform into a breath, it can be seen that this elixir is not of a low grade ah.”
“It couldn’t be that this Pill God was practiced by this Pill God, and when the Pill God fell later, the elixir slowly transformed into a stern aura here!”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said.
“I’m not sure, but those breaths just now, were transformed by this elixir, if there was no Shen Nong Ding to collect these breaths and then refine them into an elixir again, killing me would never have imagined that an elixir could transform into breaths as well, and that it had a certain level of consciousness!”
Chen Ping said with great emotion!
Although Chen Ping was also a Pill Master and had good medical skills, he was considered a Senior Pill Master!
But he also simply could not have imagined that a dead thing like a pill could also be transformed into breath and still have a certain consciousness!
Otherwise those breaths wouldn’t know to dodge after encountering the Divine Nong Ding, and since they were dodging it proved that they possessed a certain degree of consciousness!
Chen Ping put the pill away, since he didn’t know what the pill was and what it did, Chen Ping didn’t dare to take it casually!
At this time, Liu Ruyan, who was anxiously waiting for Chen Ping outside, turned pale!
Nie Heng, on the other hand, had one hand on top of his long sword, ready to strike at any time!
Because that murderous aura was once again filling the air!
“That brat is definitely dead, don’t waste any more time, I’ll kill these two and then we’ll set off in a roundabout way!”
Seeing that it was almost time and there was still no sign of Chen Ping, Bao Longxing decided to make a move on Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng!
Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng felt the murderous aura behind them, so they were also very nervous and prepared to resist!
However, the two of them were too low in strength and knew that they were no match for these people!
But they couldn’t just sit back and wait for death either!
Just as that Bao Long Xing was slowly approaching towards Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng, there was a sudden boom!
Only to see that the curtain of light in front of them that was hanging down from the top of the mountain was like glass shattering as it directly became shattered and then slowly disappeared!
Everyone was stunned as the light curtain disappeared!
With that, the scene behind the light curtain was also seen by everyone!
Only to see that behind the light curtain was a faint mist, and Chen Ping was not far away from them!
In front of Chen Ping, there was also a cauldron placed on the ground!
There were all sorts of strange and bizarre patterns running across the furnace pot, and it was also emitting a gust of ancient aura!
Chen Ping was also startled by the sudden disappearance of the curtain of light and hurriedly put away the Shen Nong Ding!
The Divine Nong Ding was an ancient divine tripod, and it was the favourite thing of pill refiners!
If these pill masters knew that Chen Ping had a treasure like the Shen Nong Ding in his hands, this could be even more appealing than a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
After all, this Shennong Ding was a priceless treasure for these pharmacists!
“President Su, did you see that medicine cauldron just now?”
Bao Longxing was the closest and his body trembled slightly as he asked Su Tianshuo!
“Saw it ……” Su Tianshuo’s eyes were also wide open!
“That’s the Ancient Pill Cauldron, it’s definitely a treasure among treasures ah.”
“I really didn’t expect that this Chen Ping would have this kind of medicine cauldron in his hands.”
The colour of greed appeared in Diao Changmin’s eyes!