“Old Liu, how is it going? When did Master Bu Dou say he would be ready to refine the pills?”
Seeing that the butler had returned, Jiang Zhengzhong hurriedly asked.
“Master, Master Bu Confusion has said that he will refine the pills for Xuan Yue Valley when we have all the herbs ready for him!”
Old Liu, the butler, replied.
“D*mn, these guys are really cautious!” Jiang Zhengzhong couldn’t help but burst out a foul mouth, and then said to steward Old Liu, “How are the medicinal materials prepared?”
“Master, the herbs that Xuan Yue Valley wants are all over a hundred years old, and the price is extremely expensive, I have negotiated with the Pill King’s residence many times, but the price is not negotiable at all, this batch of herbs will probably cost ten billion dollars!”
The steward, Old Liu, had a puzzled look on his face.
Jiang Zhengzhong frowned and pondered for a moment, “Get all the funds back to me, in addition to the Wei family’s properties, sell them all and make sure that the medicinal materials are ready for Xuan Yue Valley!”
“Understood!” Butler Lao Liu nodded!
Jiang Zhengzhong in order to be able to renew his life, is also desperate, money is all outside of the body, no more can still earn back!
“Master, master, something has happened …………”
This is, a subordinate hurriedly ran in.
“In the middle of the night, what’s all the yelling about? Speak slowly if there’s something wrong!”
The steward, Old Liu, reprimanded at the subordinate.
The subordinate trembled in fear and hurriedly said, “Master, two of our men have died at the door, you should go and take a look!”
When Jiang Zhengzhong heard this, his anger went straight to his head, the Jiang family had never seen anything like this in the hundred years they had stood in the provincial city, and someone had dared to kill their Jiang family members at their doorstep!
Jiang Zhengzhong was accompanied by his butler, Lao Liu, and hurried to the entrance!
At this moment, there were already many Jiang family bodyguards surrounding the entrance, vigilantly watching the movements around!
After Jiang Zhengzhong arrived, he saw two Jiang family bodyguards fallen on the ground, the two men’s heads had been blown off, it was impossible to distinguish their identities, and their limbs were strangely bent, obviously broken!
The butler, Old Liu, carefully identified them and his face instantly turned ugly, “Master, these are the two men sent to capture that girl from the Gu family!”
“What? Who did this? Could it be that Gu family girl who did this?”
Anger burned in Jiang Zhengzhong’s body, such cruel means to kill someone in front of their house was clearly following their Jiang family to provoke them!
“Master, we have surveillance, we’ll know at a glance!”
“Go, go to the surveillance room!” Jiang Zhengzhong ordered!
After arriving at the surveillance room and pulling up the surveillance, Jiang Zhengzhong’s eyes were full of anger as he watched!
As he got out of the car, he gave the surveillance a special glance, revealing a cold smile!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping carried the two bodyguards of the Jiang family out of the trunk of the car, and it was obvious that the arms and legs of the two men had been broken at this point!
Chen Ping carried Jiang’s bodyguards, walked under the surveillance, tilted his head and took a look, then fiercely swung his fist towards the bodyguards’ heads!
Poof …………
One could see that the bodyguard’s head was like a watermelon, instantly being burst, blood spraying everywhere!
Even through the screen, all those who saw this scene couldn’t help but shiver and shiver!
Chen Ping used the same method to blow the head off another Jiang family bodyguard. After killing these two Jiang family bodyguards, Chen Ping made a neck wiping gesture under the surveillance, with a full taste of provocation!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping got into his car and left, and the bodies of those two Jiang family bodyguards were just left at the entrance of the Jiang family!
“Ah …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong rose up in anger and haste and slammed his fist on the monitor fiercely!
“I will kill him, I will kill him …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong was going mad, this was already a blatant provocation, the Jiang family had never been so provoked in a hundred years!