It looked as if the Five Elemental Heavenly Furies were about to die under this tremendous pressure!
A gloomy and piercing voice came out!
“Brother, are you still so fond of bullying juniors?”
The void began to tremble as a pitch-black vortex formed, only to see the old devil’s head slowly emerge from that vortex!
As soon as the old devil’s head appeared, the tremendous pressure that had just been there instantly disappeared!
“Brother, what a long time no see ……”
The old devil said with a faint smile on his lips!
The Five Elemental Heavenly Furies looked at this scene in shock, they did not understand, how this old devil shouted brother with Chen Ping?
They understood even less how Chen Ping had suddenly become so powerful!
“After thousands of years, are you still obsessed with the idea of regaining your physical body and continuing to do evil?”
“As long as I am here, you will not be able to succeed ……”
The voice of the old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan emanated from Chen Ping’s mouth!
The Five Elemental Heavenly Furies instantly understood what was going on as they listened to the voice coming out of Chen Ping’s mouth!
“Haha, I didn’t expect that you would still dare to say something like that when it’s already come to this.”
“Although this brat has allowed you to fuse your body, this body is ultimately a piece of trash, and even if you fuse it, you are still no match for me.”
“Today I will make you disappear completely, the Ancient Body Refining Clan is still honoured by me after all!”
The old devil laughed loudly, then his entire body surged with black fog so rapidly that in an instant, the entire hall was enveloped in black fog!
Immediately afterwards, the old devil’s body leapt forward and headed straight for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly gaped as his body followed suit, and in an instant the two of them impacted together!
In an instant, all sorts of moves collided and the aftermath raged in all directions!
Although both of them only had remnants of their souls left, the destruction caused by the exchange of blows was definitely not comparable to that of ordinary cultivators!
The entire hall began to collapse, and the overwhelming aura left everyone breathless! >
Seeing this, everyone desperately retreated backwards!
This kind of aftershock was simply not something they could fight against at their current cultivation levels!
Even if the aftershocks were to crush the crowd, it would be like crushing an ant!
The crowd dodged far away and watched as two Great God level cultivators battled against each other!
This was the kind of battle that many people were afraid they would never see in their lifetime!
“Brother, this body you picked is really good, it’s just a pity that your strength is so poor ……”
“If this is all you have, then don’t blame me for not playing with you ……”
The old devil said with a cold smile on his face!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, for such a long time, this old devil kept sharpening, plus at the beginning the old devil’s strength was going to be stronger, at this moment Chen Ping was obviously struggling a bit!
To know that the old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan had always stayed right in the world, rarely disturbed by anyone, and never thought of recovering his physical body, he only waited for the time to come slowly, and the whole remnant soul to follow this area to collapse and disappear together!
And that was precisely why, now that he was fighting against each other, his strength was even less than his own brother’s!
Fortunately, Chen Ping’s physical body was strong enough, if the Ancient Body Refining Clan’s old ancestor was still in the body of his remnant soul now, he would probably have been destroyed long ago!
But now, Chen Ping had never used the Demon Whip, which was considered a reserve card!
As long as the Demon Whip was used, the opponent could be instantly suppressed!
But now was not the time to use the Demon Whip, after all, the old devil was not stupid and had been on guard!
Only when the old devil let his guard down and thought he could easily win would the Demon Whip come out, and he would be able to attack him by surprise!
That said, Chen Ping was now waiting for his chance.
“Brother, it’s really not interesting, I won’t play with you ……”
After the old devil finished speaking, the black fog around his body kept rolling up!
That stream of black mist instantly condensed into a sharp short blade, along with a wave of the old devil’s finger, those thousands of short blades were like rain towards Chen Ping!