The old Sect Master’s eyes slightly condensed as he stared at that Huo Yuan Ting with a deadly stare!
“Elder Cui, shut down the formation and let Junior Master out, if we really have to do it, then we’ll have a fish death.”
“At that time, the Purple Flame Sect will be completely destroyed, no one will want to be this Purple Flame Sect Master ……”
Zhu Ling only thought of saving Chen Ping, even if it destroyed the Purple Flame Sect!
“Not bad, even if we destroy the Purple Flame Sect, we will not compromise.”
Wei Qing also said loudly!
The disciples on the old Sect Master’s side all raised their arms, none of them were afraid of death, they all wanted to follow Huo Yuan Ting and fight to the death!
Even if they died, they would release Chen Ping first, or at worst, the fish would die!
Huo Yuan Ting did not expect the disciples of the old sect master’s lineage to be so courageous, and for a while he was also furious, but there was no way!
If the fish really dies, the Purple Flame Sect might have to disappear into the river of history!
Elder Cui was also moved, so he wanted to close the formation!
However, Chen Ping spoke up, “If I want to escape, how can this formation stop me, even if I close the formation, I won’t be able to escape and it will still spread to the other brothers.”
“You guys don’t worry about it, a small Huo Dong, if I want him to die, he definitely won’t be able to survive, even if it’s both their father and son together, I won’t even put it in my eyes.”
Chen Ping blocked Elder Cui from closing the formation!
The formation did not stop Chen Ping, but without it, relying on that light curtain shield alone, he was afraid that it would be very difficult to block the terrifying aftershocks, and it would be troublesome to endanger the other disciples of the Purple Flame Sect at that time!
Elder Cui did not know what to do for a moment and could only look at the old Sect Master!
While the old Sect Master looked at Chen Ping, seeing that there was indeed not a trace of panic in Chen Ping’s eyes, and that there was also a few hints of playfulness in his eyes, he then waved his hand, allowing Elder Cui to retreat!
He chose to believe in Chen Ping, perhaps there really was some secret in Chen Ping that they did not know about!
After all, Chen Ping had given him too many surprises!
Huo Yuan Ting saw that Chen Ping was still fooling around, and the corners of his mouth revealed a touch of disdain!
As long as Huo Dong had elevated to the Mahayana realm, and with the Divine Flame Seal in his hand, Chen Ping would not be able to escape death in the end, even if he was as awesome as he was!
And just as Huo Yuan Ting was quietly waiting for Huo Dong’s Thunderbolt to descend, an incomparably angry voice came!
“Brat, you dare to tease me and make a fool of me, I will make your life worse than death ……”
Along with the voice of that angry roar, the formations laid around Chen Ping and Huo Dong suddenly flickered with light!
So people followed the voice and surprisingly found that it was that Gu Tianzhao!
This guy had fallen into Chen Ping’s illusion and saw his own father and his own daughter-in-law cuckolding him, and was furious for a moment, the whole person was crazy!
However, after Chen Ping and Huo Dong’s match, no one was paying attention to that Gu Tianzhao, and Gu Tianzhao slowly came to his senses from the illusion!
When he realised that he was being teased and that so many people were watching, his lungs were about to explode!
Gu Tianzhao waved his palms, and the spell formation laid down by Elder Cui unexpectedly began to flicker with light, followed by a formation pattern on it that was constantly changing!
The delicate formation patterns all turned blood red at this moment, a red chain, locking the formation firmly in place!
This time, no one would be able to escape from this formation.
In the void, that red chain continued to rise, enveloping that large area of the thunderbolt cloud as well!
“Elder Cui, stop him ……”
Seeing this, the old Sect Master immediately shouted!
It was dangerous enough for Chen Ping to deal with one Huo Dong, and now that another Gu Tianzhao had stepped in, Chen Ping was definitely no match for the two!
However, that Gu Tianzhao was using formations, the others knew very little about the art of formations, so they could only have Elder Cui stop that Gu Tianzhao!
And as Elder Cui looked at the formation Gu Tianzhao had performed, his eyes widened and he froze on the spot!