“Mr. Chen, it’s really you coming over, I’m so happy, have a seat …………”
Gao Ren actually pushed his office chair out and told Chen Ping to sit on it!
Gao Ren was so enthusiastic, it made Chen Ping a bit at a loss for words, even if he had asked Lin Tianhu to greet him in advance, it wouldn’t be like this!
“General Gao, you …… you know me?”
Chen Ping asked with a bewildered look.
“Of course I know you, I was present at the ancient banquet, I can still vividly remember the majesty of Mr. Chen at that time, that Feng Sihai didn’t even give face to the ancient, but in the end, he was still defeated by Mr. Chen with a single kick ……”
Gao Ren’s heart was pounding at the mention of that day’s banquet!
At that time, Feng Sihai brought the Red Dragon Gang’s people over and scared the hell out of them, after all, they were all businessmen and had never done anything like fighting and killing.
But then Chen Ping stepped in and put Feng Sihai to rest, and this instantly made all of them respect Chen Ping!
Seeing Gao Ren mentioning the banquet that day, Chen Ping smiled slightly, finally understanding why Gao Ren was so enthusiastic!
Knowing that, he wouldn’t even have to bother Lin Tianhu to say hello, he could just come himself!
“I’m just a salesman now, I’m just here to follow Mr. Gao to talk about cooperation, there’s no need to mention the previous things again ……”
Chen Ping said very modestly!
“I know, I know ……” Gao Ren nodded his head repeatedly and immediately said to his secretary, “Xiao Li, has the contract you were asked to draw up been drawn up yet?”
“It’s already drawn up ……” Secretary Li hurriedly brought out the prepared contract!
“Mr. Chen, take a look at it first, if you feel that the contract is not suitable in any way, we can change it ……”
Gao Ren handed the contract to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping took the contract and didn’t even look at it and said, “No need to read it, I trust General Gao ……”
“In that case, then we’ll sign ……”
Gao Ren hurriedly took out a pen and handed it to Chen Ping!
But just as Chen Ping was about to sign, Xiao Lei barged in with Geng Shanshan!
“Mr. Xiao?” Looking at all of Xiao Lei, Gao Ren frowned slightly!
Although Xiao Lei had barged in rudely, Gao Ren didn’t dare to say anything, after all, the Xiao family’s strength wasn’t comparable to his Tianmei Company!
Although Tianmei was doing great in daily chemicals, but other people’s Xiao family was a comprehensive development, a group of companies that involved many industries!
“Mr. Gao, I came over to talk to you about cooperation, I remember that our two families have been talking quite well, why did they suddenly sign the contract with someone else?”
Xiao Lei’s face was very grim!
“Mr. Xiao, we also followed the contract with Xin Yu Company after many considerations, after all, we are both businessmen, we are concerned about interests ……”
Gao Ren explained with a smile on his face!
“Bullsh*t, are you taking me for a fool?” Xiao Lei’s eyes glared, “The Heart and Rain Company just sent a tiny salesman and you signed a contract with them, did you take advantage of them? You know that I came over on behalf of the Xiao family, but I gave you enough face, don’t be ungrateful ……”
Xiao Lei was furious, originally he had come over to mock Chen Ping, but who knew that he had become a clown, if this contract was signed away by Chen Ping, where would he put his face?
Seeing Xiao Lei say this, the smile on Gao Ren’s face also disappeared instantly.
“Mr. Xiao, I hope you can speak more cleanly, Tianmei is my company, I can sign with whomever I want, even if your Xiao family is more powerful, you are still in charge of my company!”
Gao Ren was no longer polite and said with a cold face!
Xiao Lei was slightly stunned, he really didn’t expect this Gao Ren to dare to talk after himself like this!
“Are you talking to me like this?” Xiao Lei frowned and his face turned iron blue: “Do you believe that in less than a month, I will make your company get out of Hongcheng ……”