The temperature of the entire living room, was rising at an extremely fast rate, as if a large furnace had been born, causing the crowd to hurriedly move away from Su Yuqi.
“Fire …… fire …………”
Just at this moment, Gu Ling’er shrieked.
It turned out that the sofa Su Yuqi was sitting under was so hot that smoke actually started to rise.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly rushed up and tried to carry Su Yuqi away, but just as he touched Su Yuqi’s body, Chen Ping immediately retracted his hand because he found that Su Yuqi’s body was so hot that it was like a red-hot iron plate.
“Yuqi, Yuqi, it’s on fire, get up ……”
Gu Ling’er shouted at Su Yuqi, but Su Yuqi acted as if she didn’t hear him.
Chen Ping was a little panicked at this point and turned his gaze towards Long Wu, wanting to know what the hell was going on and what kind of gongfu Long Wu had pa*sed on to Su Yuqi.
Only to see Long Wu’s brow locked, suddenly a burst of cold aura erupted from his body, and his hands began to bubble with cold air, and soon there was frost on his hands.
“Move aside all of you, I’ll try using my Cold Ice Palm ……”
Long Wu said, using his own frosted hands, he stepped forward and picked Su Yuqi up.
Bared …………
Immediately after Long Wu’s hands touched Su Yuqi, there was a sound of ice bared after it touched the flame, followed by water mist rising up.
The couch at this moment also began to emerge from the fire.
Chen Ping hurriedly put out the flames with water, and then looked at Su Yuqi, who was still with her eyes closed, and was inwardly anxious.
“Uncle Long, what’s wrong with Yuqi?”
Chen Ping asked anxiously.
Long Wu shook his head, “I’m not sure, what I taught her was just a very ordinary gong technique, how did it turn out like this?”
Even Long Wu didn’t know what was going on, which made Chen Ping even more anxious.
But at this moment, the temperature inside the living room was getting higher and higher, like being inside a big furnace, and in the end, Wu Mei’er, Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan couldn’t stand it anymore and ran outside.
At this moment, the three of them were already drenched in sweat, while Chen Ping and Long Wu desperately used their spiritual energy to resist the heat wave, staring closely at Su Yuqi.
Although it was so hot, there was not a trace of sweat coming out of Su Yuqi’s face, and there was nothing wrong with her except that her skin had turned red.
Suddenly, Long Wu’s eyes widened and he took a sharp breath, “I know, this …… is this the legendary fire spirit body?”
“Fire spirit body?” Chen Ping froze, looking at Long Wu with a dumbfounded expression.
Looking at Chen Ping’s dumbfounded look, Long Wu explained, “Fire Spirit Body, is also a kind of physique, only that people with this kind of physique are extremely rare, moreover, people with this kind of physique will cultivate techniques much faster than normal people, more importantly, people with Fire Spirit Body, after stepping into the Immortal Cultivation Realm, their bodies will not fear flames, even in the midst of a blazing fire, they will not feel the heat, the flames would not be able to harm people with this kind of body at all ……”
Listening to Long Wu’s explanation, Chen Ping seemed to understand something and nodded, “It’s just like people with ice crystals, after stepping into the Immortal Cultivation Realm, they don’t fear the cold, is that so?”
Chen Ping knew about ice crystals because at that time, Daoist Master Bu Xu’s daughter Xiao Ru was an ice crystal, only that Xiao Ru had not stepped into the Immortal Cultivation Realm, so her body was disturbed by the Yin Cold Qi, and she needed the Seven Star Disc to help suck the Yin Cold Qi from her body in order to survive.
But Chen Ping never expected Su Yuqi to be a fire spirit body, but he had never seen anything different about Su Yuqi.
“This fire spirit body is several times more powerful than the ice crystal, there is also Mei’er and her sister kind of natural charming body, are considered special physique, but natural charming body is relatively a bit chicken, not much help for cultivation, ice crystal people will also cultivate much faster, Xiao Ru is even later than you cultivate, but now the strength is afraid that you are no match ……”
Long Wu followed Chen Ping and said slowly.