Now Chen Ping had actually created his own thunder tribulation to forge his own flesh, it was simply too perverse.
Rumble …………
This lightning tribulation blasted down, and Chen Ping’s body was instantly blasted into slag ……
At this moment, Chen Ping’s divine sense could even see the scene of himself being blasted out into slag.
But soon, with the golden light flickering out of his YuanYing, Chen Ping’s flesh slowly began to heal.
The dark clouds in the sky dissipated, while the golden light on Chen Ping’s body shone inwardly, and a faint glow shone above his skin, a glow that was emitted from his fleshly body alone.
As his divine sense entered his body, Chen Ping was able to see that the glow on the YuanYing body had also changed, and it seemed that Chen Ping’s divine sense could also sense the aura on the YuanYing body.
“This is the Realm of the Firstborn, this is the Realm of the Martial Marquis …………”
Two brilliant auras erupted from Chen Ping’s eyes.
And Chen Ping’s body became like crystal jade, crystal clear.
“Mr. Chen …………”
Ji Ru Xue saw the dark clouds dispersing and ran out of the room.
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, the blindfold was removed and Chen Ping was exposed in front of Ji Ru Xue.
When Ji Ru Xue saw Chen Ping, her face instantly flushed and immediately threw the clothes in her hand to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping scrambled to put it on and was embarra*sed, not knowing what to say.
“Sister, what just happened?”
At this moment, Xiao Min ran over.
She had already fallen into a deep sleep after having eaten the elixir, but she was hard woken up by the thunderstorm just now.
When Xiao Min ran into the courtyard and saw Chen Ping, she froze at once.
Minnie shot a glance at Chen Ping, then snapped up and screamed, “Ghost, ghost …………”
Xiao Min was so scared that her face turned pale and she hid directly behind Ji Ru Xue.
“Little girl, you’re the ghost, have you ever seen such a handsome and dashing ghost?”
Chen Ping saw that Xiao Min was frightened by himself, so he said jokingly.
It was no wonder, after all, they all thought they were dead, so now that they saw a living one standing, they would definitely be scared.
“Mandy, your big brother Chen is not dead, he is not a ghost ……”
Ji Ru Xue smiled and said to Minnie.
Only then did Mandy poke her head out, then looked and surveyed Chen Ping: “Even if Brother Chen Ping isn’t dead, but it can’t be like a different person?”
“His body is covered in wounds, and his bones are broken all over, even if he’s not dead, he can’t be standing!”
When Xiao Min said that, Ji Ru Xue didn’t know how to answer Xiao Min, because there were many things that she was now also confused about.
“I have a magic treasure on me that can reshape my flesh, that’s why I became intact.”
“If you don’t believe me, come over and pinch me and see if I’m a ghost!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Xiao Min slowly moved over and then gave Chen Ping’s arm a fierce pinch.
“You kid, really hard?”
Chen Ping pretended to look like he was in pain.
When Minnie saw this, she became happy: “So you really are big brother Chen, not a ghost ……”
Xiao Min was happy, but suddenly burst into tears again, and went up and jumped into Chen Ping’s arms.
“Big brother Chen, I was scared to death, I thought you were really dead ……”
Xiao Min cried out and said.
“I’m fine here, it’s okay ……”
Chen Ping comforted Xiaomin.
This night, Chen Ping did not sleep, and neither Xiaomin nor Ji Ruxue slept.
The three of them spent the night talking in Ji Ruxue’s room!
After the sun had just risen from the east, Chen Ping glanced out of the window and slowly got up.
This time, neither Ji Ru Xue nor Xiao Min spoke.
Because what should be said had already been said during the night.
They knew that Chen Ping was going to have to leave, because Chen Ping still had his own things to do.
Leaving the Red Lotus Palace, Chen Ping walked away without looking back, because he was afraid that he would turn back and not be able to hold back his feelings.
“Ning Hai …… This time when I step into the Martial Marquis, let’s take the Ning family to set up the prestige ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes burst out with killing intent!
Now that he had broken through to the Martial Marquis realm, all the things that should be dealt with, had to be dealt with as well.