When Xiao Ru heard that, she said incredulously, “Sister Meier, it’s really true? Then aren’t you gorgeous, no wonder your clothes are all messy!”
“I almost didn’t freeze to death, Sister Yuqi almost didn’t die of heat, Sister Mei’er is the best, almost didn’t die of pleasure …………”
“Xiao Ru, what are you talking nonsense about?” Wu Mei’er blushed and glared at Xiao Ru!
“Huh, where’s Brother Chen Ping?”
At this time, Xiao Ru just realized how she couldn’t see Chen Ping!
When Xiao Ru said that, Su Yuqi and Wu Mei’er also hurriedly looked around, trying to find out where Chen Ping was!
At that moment, Chen Ping was sitting next to a statue in the middle, staring at the Wordless Book of Heaven without moving.
Chen Ping also looked like a statue, so it was normal for Su Yuqi and the girls not to notice Chen Ping for a while!
A moment later, the Wordless Heavenly Book completely disappeared, and in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, there was a flickering book floating!
Shaking his somewhat dizzy head, Chen Ping let out a long breath and then sat down on the ground!
This kind of intense memory made Chen Ping feel more tired than even fighting a bit!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
After discovering Chen Ping, Su Yuqi hurriedly went forward and asked.
“Yu Qi, Xiao Ru, Mei Er? Are you all alright?”
When Chen Ping saw that Su Yuqi and the three of them had returned to normal, he asked with an incredulous face.
“En, we are all fine, how are you?”
Su Yuqi asked with concern.
“I’m fine, I’m fine ……”
Chen Ping stood up and said with a faint smile!
“Since everyone is fine, then let’s get out of here, it’s too weird ……”
Xiao Ru was a little scared of the cave!
Chen Ping nodded and led Su Yuqi and the girls out of the cave.
“Chen Ping, take a look at the wordless heavenly book that Mr. Shi gave you and see if there are any other hints?”
Since that cave wasn’t an exit, nor was it a treasure, there must be an exit from this secret realm, so Su Yuqi asked Chen Ping to look at the Wordless Heavenly Book!
“The Wordless Heavenly Book is gone ……”
Chen Ping could only tell Su Yuqi about his experience inside the cave!
When she heard that words had appeared on the Wordless Heavenly Book and that Chen Ping had written them all down, Xiao Ru said excitedly, “Brother Chen Ping, what exactly is written on that Wordless Heavenly Book?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “I don’t know?”
At this moment, Su Yuqi and the girls all froze, and Wu Mei’er asked in confusion, “Chen Ping, didn’t you say that you had memorised all of the Wordless Heavenly Book? It’s written down in your head, how could you not know what’s written?”
“I do think I remembered it, but I can’t remember it, wait for me to think about it ……”
Chen Ping said, his divine sense entered the sea of consciousness, looking at the wordless heavenly book floating in the sea of consciousness, Chen Ping wanted to see what was on it!
But when his divine sense got close to that Wordless Heavenly Book, it was suddenly repelled by a great force!
“I really can’t remember exactly what is written on it!”
Chen Ping said with some frustration!
At that time, when he saw it, it seemed like he remembered it, but it seemed like he didn’t remember anything at all!
Now it was as if Chen Ping had lost his memory, he couldn’t recall what was written on the Wordless Heavenly Book at all!
“What should we do? Are the few of us going to be stuck here for the rest of our lives?”
Xiao Ru said with a sigh.
No one else spoke up, Chen Ping didn’t know what to do now!
Grumble …………
At this moment, Wu Mei’er’s stomach began to growl again!
After all this tossing and turning, Wu Mei’er was hungry again!
“You guys wait here for a while, I’ll go and find some food ……”
Chen Ping got up and went to look for food!
Although there were no living things here, but there were more plants and Chen Ping knew where to find wild fruits!
Soon, Chen Ping found a few trees full of wild fruits, the fruits were only the size of a fist, but the watery look was very tempting!
Chen Ping had never seen such trees before, and he didn’t know whether the fruit was edible or not.
So Chen Ping plucked a wild fruit, rubbed it casually and bit into it!