It turns out that none of the people on this Penglai Island are the original inhabitants!
All of them came to the island in droves later.
In fact, many of them didn’t know they were immortal cultivators, they came to Penglai Island because they could live longer on the island!
After defecting to Penglai Island, someone would issue a pa*sage of something like a scripture for each person to recite and cultivate!
And to make a pilgrimage, at a set time!
Many people found that after reciting and practising it, they were able to live to over a hundred years old, and word slowly spread.
And this led to the initial few dozen people on Penglai Island growing to tens of thousands now, from all walks of life!
“I tell you, back when I came to the island, I was all sick, now my body is all better, I advise you to stay too, this is a fairy land ……”
The old man spoke to Hu Puzi persuasively!
Hu Pazzi smiled: “Old man is right, wait for me to think about it ……”
Hu Pazzi left, but there was a bigger doubt in his mind!
What kind of person is behind this, manipulating, to make so many ordinary people step into the path of immortality cultivation!
“This matter, is a bit big, let’s wait until that Chen Ping has finished cultivating ……”
Hu Pazzi didn’t dare to investigate any further, he could only find a place to squint first and wait for Chen Ping to finish his cultivation!
…………
Time flies, years fly by!
Three months in the midst of cultivation had pa*sed in the blink of an eye!
During the three months, Chen Ping had been in cultivation, and the palace court of Penglai Island had not bothered him, everything was very peaceful!
But at this time, thousands of kilometres away in the martial arts world of Kyoto, there was suddenly another incident of black-robed people killing people indiscriminately and sucking up their strength.
Many people were in a state of panic, and some speculated that it was Chen Ping who had secretly returned again!
“D*mn, this fellow Long Xiao, he doesn’t know how to restrain himself at all, if this keeps going on, I can’t give him any more pockets ……”
Zhu Zhishan was walking back and forth in anger within the halls of the Martial Union!
This time the black-robed man killing incident, Zhu Zhishan knew that it was not that Chen Ping had come back to take revenge, but that Long Xiao had no choice but to make a move on the other sects and families in the martial arts world in order to quickly raise his cultivation.
Not only the Kyoto martial arts world, but also other places, often send some people to disappear for no reason.
This matter is getting bigger and bigger, making Zhu Zhishan also under a lot of pressure.
He had already sent someone to Long Jingguo to ask him to discipline Long Xiao.
During this period of time, Zhu Zhishan had been restless and anxious.
It had been so long, but Chen Ping had not heard from him at all, as if he had evaporated.
But since Chen Ping was not coming to the capital to cause trouble, Zhu Zhishan felt more relaxed!
But Zhu Zhishan was afraid that Chen Ping would come back to Kyoto at some point and fight against the Martial Arts Union!
Zhu Zhishan could only comfort himself every day by imagining that Chen Ping had become a ruined man, so he didn’t dare to show his face!
“Master Zhu, I don’t know what you’re in such a hurry to bring me here for?”
Long Jingguo hurriedly walked into the hall and asked Zhu Zhishan.
“You still have the face to ask, take a look at these yourself ……”
Zhu Zhishan picked up the document on the table and slammed it hard on Long Jingguo’s face, “You guys are too unrestrained, recently there have been constant reports from the martial arts community in Kyoto of attacks by black-robed people, and even the clans and families within the alliance have been attacked.”
“The martial arts alliances in other places have also reported news of black-robed men infestations, are you guys trying to stir up the entire martial arts world?”
“I’m telling you, I’ve been suppressing this matter, if the officials find out about it, when the time comes, none of your Long family will live ……”
Zhu Zhishan shouted in anger, originally having anger in his heart, right out of Long Jingguo’s body.
As the head of the Long family, Long Jingguo’s face could not stand up when he was reprimanded by Zhu Zhishan like this.