The katana in his hand shone brightly again, then his right hand slid, and a sharp edge shot towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was about to get his hands on the Beast Elixir, but the sharp edges were coming with a terrifying killing intent, Chen Ping didn’t dare to resist, so he could only retreat backwards!
Boom boom boom …………
The rocks around Chen Ping flew everywhere and a deep ravine appeared on the ground!
Fortunately, he had not resisted Kawaguchi Kazuo’s attack in order to obtain the beast elixir, otherwise he would have been killed by now!
“Today, this beast elixir, I want it for sure ……”
Chen Ping looked at the beast elixir and waved the Zeng Long Sword in his hand violently.
A golden light instantly shot up into the sky and then chopped down towards Kawaguchi Kazuo!
At the same time, Chen Ping was charging towards that beast dan.
“Humph, don’t measure yourself!”
Kawaguchi Kazuo coldly snorted, the katana in his hand in a rapid swing! Remember the website m.lqzw.org
The sword mane that Chen Ping waved was instantly defeated, and then immediately before Chen Ping, a dozen blades in the shape of a crescent suddenly appeared!
The blades were incomparably sharp and came with a terrifying aura!
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not dare to take a step forward and backed up rapidly.
But these blades were so fast that they engulfed Chen Ping in an instant, while Chen Ping gritted his teeth and brought his Unbreakable Golden Body to its fullest.
And by relying on his nimble speed, he dodged these blades!
Brush brush brush ……
One by one, the blades slashed against Chen Ping’s body, and at this moment, Chen Ping’s clothes were cut with many gaps and rags!
And a piece of golden scales was cut off and then dissipated in the air!
Even with the imperishable golden body protecting his body, many wounds still appeared on Chen Ping’s body, and the imperishable golden body on his body was in tatters!
Chen Ping looked at those wounds on his body and his face was filled with gloom, “The speed is too fast, this guy’s blade technique is really bizarre ……”
Seeing Chen Ping all tattered and wounded, the corner of Kawaguchi Kazuo’s mouth lifted, “As I said, just you are no match for me at all, and my swordsmanship has long since been perfected, it’s not something that stupid Watanabe Jun can compete with.”
“Now you obediently enter your soul and I can spare you the pain of skin and flesh, otherwise you will live worse than death ……”
“I’ll sacrifice your mother, I’ll sacrifice your mother, do you want it?”
Chen Ping at this moment although in his heart he was calculating how to get the beast elixir to escape, but his mouth was not showing any weakness at all!
The corners of Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes kept dancing and his anger rose up, “I’m giving you a chance and you don’t want it!”
“Cut the f*cking crap, your swordsmanship is great, and my swordplay is not bad either ……”
Chen Ping said as the light from his body continued to flicker, the originally crippled and unbreakable golden body was repaired and complete at this moment, and the aura from his body climbed to its peak!
Facing Kawaguchi Kazuo, Chen Ping knew he had to give it his all!
As the power of the divine dragon was poured into the Dragon Cutting Sword, it glowed with light and a dragon roar sounded.
The golden dragon was powerful and its aura was very strong, Chen Ping was fighting to the death this time, if he could get the beast pellet, he would make a profit!
Kawaguchi Kazuo narrowed his eyes slightly, “Hmph, think that by manifesting a golden dragon, you can change your fate of defeat?”
As soon as Kawaguchi Kazuo finished speaking, the katana in his hand waved once again, followed by countless sharp edges bursting out towards Chen Ping!
This time, Chen Ping did not dodge, but held his sword with both hands, and then fiercely swung it forward, “Nine Shadows Divine Sword …………”
With a hiss, the golden dragon headed towards the front with endless light, while Chen Ping’s body brought his Unbreakable Golden Body into full play, following close behind!