Wan Hong was unperturbed, and with a casual wave of his hand, that fiery divine bird struck directly!
Huhuhuhu …………
The flaming bird’s wings kept stirring, and the sky rose in a ball of flame, directly reflecting half of the sky!
The fierce beasts transformed by Hu Ma Zi’s charms hissed in the flames!
Surprisingly, they were all set alight and finally dissipated into smoke.
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly chanted again, and the incantations on his body rose into the air again!
“Water Control Incantation ……”
Hu Ma Zi shouted, and immediately afterwards the ground around him burst into flames and a pillar of water shot up into the sky!
A column of water converged together to form a water tornado, which then swept towards that Fiery God-Bird!
The Flaming Bird spat out flames from its mouth, but when it met water, it was extinguished, and the water tornado approached in an instant!
The water tornado quickly surrounded the Fiery Bird, and a huge column of water pounded into it!
The flames on the Fiery Bird were not spirit fire or Samadhi fire, so in the face of the water, the flames became dimmer and dimmer!
The Flaming Bird was about to be swallowed by the water tornado, but Hu Ma Zi stopped!
For this fiery bird was the only one in the world that Jade had left!
But while Hu Ma Zi was in a daze, the Fiery Bird, under the command of Wan Hong, let out a hissing roar and rushed straight out of the water tornado, ruthlessly slamming into Hu Ma Zi!
Pockmarked Hu was unable to dodge, and was directly knocked out, a mouthful of blood gushing out!
The water tornado was uncontrolled and instantly turned into a puddle of stagnant water and fell back to the ground!
The flames on the Fiery Bird’s body blazed up again!
“Hahahaha, Pocky Hu, you will never be able to surpa*s me, even your most beloved woman has chosen me, what else do you have to fool around with in front of me?”
Wan Hong looked at Hu Ma Zi like that and laughed out loud, irritating Hu Ma Zi!
“You’re paralyzed ……”
Hu Pazi covered his chest, a surge of Qi and blood, about to follow that Wan Hong in a fight!
But as soon as he moved, a mouthful of blood spurted out again!
“Master Hu, don’t move, let me deal with this guy!”
Seeing this, Chen Ping stopped Pocky Hu and told him not to move.
Wan Hong took one look at Chen Ping and coldly snorted, “Kid, who are you? How dare you say such big words? Are all young people so wild nowadays?”
“Believe it or not, I’ll slap you into mush with one hand?”
When Wan Hong saw that Chen Ping dared to speak wildly at such a young age, he immediately threatened Chen Ping with an icy face!
“My name is Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
When the word Chen Ping was uttered, Wan Hong, who originally had a disdainful face, instantly turned ugly!
“Chen Ping?” Wan Hong scowled at Chen Ping, “You are the Chen Ping who established the Dragon Sect and followed the Martial Alliance against it?”
Chen Ping’s name was considered a household name in the entire martial dao world!
Above the martial dao forums now Chen Ping’s name appeared at the highest rate.
“You’re right, so I’d love to see how you slap me into a pulp ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Wan Hong’s face was worse than eating sh*t at this moment!
Who didn’t know that Chen Ping’s physical body was incomparably strong, coupled with the Incorruptible Golden Body, even if he was at the peak of a Grand Martial Marquis, he wouldn’t be able to slap Chen Ping to death.
Even if a Martial Saint were to come and face Chen Ping, he would not dare to say such big words.
For Wan Hong to say such a thing, that was clearly bragging!
“Chen Ping, you and I don’t cross river water, I have no grudge against you, why do you want to deal with me?”
“You know that I am a master of deduction, and my best skill is the art of deduction, if you rely on force to strike at me, aren’t you afraid of losing your reputation?”
All Wan Hong wanted at this moment was for Chen Ping not to strike at him!
For he knew that he was in no way a match for Chen Ping!
“What a coincidence, I have also enlightened the Heavenly Dao and know some of the art of deduction, the art of deduction is to rely on strong spiritual power to sense the Heavenly Dao, and the entire world, since you and I both know it, then let’s have a competition of spiritual power!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.