It was as if a car travelling at high speed had been stopped in an instant!
Watanabe Jun froze, and then his eyes were filled with disbelief!
For he saw at that moment that Chen Ping had directly grabbed his katana with his right hand, but rather still on top of the blade!
“This …… this …………”
Watanabe Jun couldn’t believe what was happening in front of him!
And Zhu Hao, who was watching this scene from the side, was even more astonished, knowing that his nine-sectioned whip was easily cut by that Watanabe Jun with his katana, but it failed to hurt Chen Ping’s hand!
This showed how strong Chen Ping’s physical body was!
“Three moves have pa*sed ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, his palm exerted a slight force, and Watanabe Jun’s katana was instantly snapped off!
This time, Watanabe Jun was even more dumbfounded.
Before Watanabe Jun could react, Chen Ping had already raised his foot and kicked out, this kick directly hit Watanabe Jun’s chest and sent him flying!
Watanabe Jun’s body flew more than ten metres away and landed heavily on the ground, a large mouthful of blood gushed out from Watanabe Jun’s mouth!
When the crowd saw this, they all had complicated expressions and an indescribable feeling, especially that Zhu Hao!
You know that just now he had vowed to challenge Chen Ping and step on him to get to the top!
Now Chen Ping had almost instantly killed Jun Watanabe, so it was obvious that his strength was still far from Chen Ping’s!
Zhu Hao couldn’t understand how Chen Ping could easily surpa*s him in a real battle, even though his strength was not higher than his.
They wouldn’t understand what Chen Ping’s Golden Dragon True Body represented!
It was the strongest physique in the world, bar none!
Watanabe Jun tried to stand up, only to find that Chen Ping’s kick had almost shattered his five internal organs.
A huge mouthful of blood continued to gush out!
Chen Ping steps forward and lifts his foot onto Watanabe Jun’s head, leaving Watanabe Jun’s face pressed against the ground!
Watanabe Jun struggled, but to no avail!
This humiliation made Watanabe Jun’s face look very ugly!
“Does your Watanabe clan have no one left to send trash like you to deal with me?”
Chen Ping looked down at Watanabe Jun and said coldly.
Watanabe Jun struggled, his eyes filled with anger, “Chen Ping, do you dare to let me get up? If you let me get up, I will be able to kill you ……”
At this hour, Watanabe Jun was still shouting!
“Want to get up? Call your ancestors and I’ll let you get up ……”
Chen Ping said with a sneer!
Watanabe Jun almost didn’t get angry, but with his head being stepped on by Chen Ping, there was no way he could move!
“The Watanabe family sent you here, what a disgrace to my island ……”
As a thick voice appeared, followed by Kawaguchi Kazuo walking in with two other emissaries of the mission!
Chen Ping looked towards the three and found that there were no aura fluctuations on the three, they were completely ordinary people!
This made Chen Ping a little strange, not understanding how these three ordinary islanders dared to come to him too!
“Kawaguchi-san save me ……”
Watanabe Jun saw Kawaguchi Kazuo coming and immediately shouted!
Kawaguchi Kazuo did not look at that Watanabe Jun, but looked at Chen Ping with a smile on his face and said, “You are Chen Ping, right? We are a mission to your country, and this Watanabe Jun is also part of the mission, so you can’t kill him ……”
“Bah, your people can just kill people, but I can’t kill him? You think this is in your house?”
“He must die today, blood must be shed to pay for his debt ……”
Chen Ping looked at Kawaguchi Kazuo like that and fiercely pooh-poohed!
He didn’t understand how this ordinary guy with no strength could dare to speak so loudly, was it just on the basis of his mission status?
“I said, he can’t be killed ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes narrowed slightly, and the smile on his face was no longer there.
“Who the hell are you? You say you can’t and you can’t? I’ll kill him today, see if you can stop me ……”
Chen Ping said, lifting his foot and about to stomp on it!