“I’m going too.”
“And me too, I want to meet that Mayor Ling who is known to be iron-faced and selfless!”
Li Shuzhen and Chen Jiayao both yelled that they wanted to go together too!
“Alright, go together!” Li Lei said with a big wave of his hand!
Just as Chen Baoqiang’s family was about to go to make a toast, Li Lei suddenly stood still and looked at Chen Ping, “Didn’t you say you had dinner at Mayor Ling’s house? Now we’re going to give a toast to Mayor Ling, do you want to go along?”
As soon as Li Lei spoke, Chen Baoqiang’s family all looked at Chen Ping mockingly, they knew that Chen Ping would definitely not dare to go, if he went, he would be poked and prodded immediately!
Chen Ping shook his head, “If we want to make a toast, it would be him who comes over to toast me!”
Hearing Chen Ping say this, the crowd was stunned, followed by a burst of laughter: “You’re still dreaming, aren’t you? You said that Mayor Ling came over to toast you? You don’t even take a P*ss and look at yourself, when you meet Mayor Ling later, I will convey your words, I want to see how Mayor Ling will clean you up!”
After Li Lei finished speaking, he led Chen Baoqiang and the others out!
Just after walking out of the door, that Li Shuzhen stopped herself, turned back and said, “We’re going to make a toast, maybe we’ll stay and eat together, you’ll settle the bill then, no need to wait, those two empty bottles can be worth a few hundred dollars, don’t forget to take them home, enough for your family to eat for a few days.”
Li Shuzhen finished her sentence and left with a giggle!
“Chen Ping, are you confused, how dare you say anything nonsense, isn’t this getting you into trouble?”
Tang Hongying said to Chen Ping with a worried look on her face after Chen Baoqiang’s family had left.
“Mom, it’s fine!” Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Ai!” Chen Baoguo sighed at this point, “This table of dishes, how much does it cost? What can we do with this?”
“Dad, don’t worry about it, I have a solution! Why don’t you and my mother go back first, I’ll take care of the checkout!”
Chen Ping knew that his parents would only be worried if they were here, so he might as well let them go home first!
“Fine, I’ll go back with your mother to look for the money, you must remember not to get into conflict with anyone, this is that Master Tiger’s shop, it’s not a joke.”
Chen Baoguo barked at Chen Ping!
“Got it!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
Although Tang Hongying was a little uneasy, she nevertheless followed Chen Baoguo to go and see if she could borrow some money from those old neighbours, otherwise eating a bully meal at Lin Tianhu’s restaurant would be a death wish!
After his parents left, Chen Ping sat back down again, his thoughts unconsciously thinking of his own life again!
…………
On the other hand, Chen Baoguo’s family, with their gla*ses of wine, took the lift upstairs and went straight to the Imperial Hall where Ling Zhenchuan and the others were!
Looking at the obviously luxurious up private room, Chen straight eyes were a bit overwhelmed.
“Brother-in-law, when will you treat us to a meal in a private room like this too? Look at Chen Ping’s stingy nose, he’s even treating us in an ordinary private room downstairs!”
Chen Zhi asked, turning to Li Lei.
“Just that ordinary private room, that idiot Chen Ping wouldn’t even be able to pay for it, let’s see how he settles the bill later, if he dares to eat a king’s meal, I guess Master Tiger can kill him!”
Chen Chia-Yao covered her mouth and laughed!
“Shut up, you two, do you know what kind of place this is? The people eating are all big shots, if you guys make such a loud noise, if you disturb any big shots, it will be a problem!”
Li Lei reprimanded the two with a cold face!
Chen Zhi and Chen Jiayao immediately shut their mouths in fear, while that Chen Baoqiang echoed, “Xiao Lei is right, you all pay attention to me, talk less and learn more from your brother-in-law!”
At this moment, inside the Imperial Hall, Ling Zhenchuan followed several colleagues from the city and was eating and chatting, among them was Li Lei’s father, Li Weijian, and looking at the seating order, Li Weijian should be the one with the lowest status among these people!
Whether it’s pouring tea, pouring wine, it’s Li Weijian who is personally serving, no waiter is needed at all!