“Yes, Prince Qin is a barbarian, his fleshly body is not comparable to others.”
Ji Yue touted at Qin Jingyu!
The few people walked and chatted, and soon Qin Jingyu suddenly froze, his eyes looking around!
“Prince Qin, what’s wrong?”
Ji Meizhen asked!
“Ji Yue, your Ji family’s ancestral land, did someone come in early?”
Qin Jingyu asked!
“Impossible ah, the ancestral land is guarded, how could it be possible to come in ahead of time, did Prince Qin discover something?”
Ji Yue asked!
“I feel that someone has fought here, and the scent of battle still remains in it.”
Qin Jingyu said with a slight frown.
“Battle aura?” Ji Yue dispersed his divine sense to feel something, then shook his head and said “No more, didn’t feel there was a fighting aura ah.”
“The other party is also using physical strength, not art spirit power, so the aura left behind you can’t detect.”
“But for us barbarians, this kind of aura can’t escape our eyes!”
Qin Jingyu said!
“Who on earth would have entered the ancestral land ahead of time? It is said that with the Great Ancestor guarding the place, no one would be able to enter without opening the entrance to the Ancestral Ground ah?”
Ji Yue pondered with a puzzled look on his face!
“Brother, is it possible that it’s that Ji Meiyan? I didn’t see her in the team this time, maybe she came in early.”
Ji Mei Zhen said!
“It shouldn’t be, that Ji Meiyan didn’t open the Origin Space, what’s the use of her running here to kill Origin Phantom Beasts?”
Ji Yue shook his head!
“That would be strange, what kind of person is it?” Ji Mei Zhen was also full of doubts!
“No matter who it is for now, all pay attention, be careful of being attacked.”
Qin Jingyu reminded!
The Ji family was now in a dark current, all at odds, even if they were to stage a sneak attack within this ancestral land, no one outside would know about it!
Roar …………
Suddenly there was a loud roar and an Origin Illusion Beast appeared!
When Qin Jingyu saw this, he was so excited that he didn’t wait for Ji Yue to speak, Qin Jingyu directly rushed up!
Qin Jingyu followed the Origin Illusion Beast and fought, while Chen Ping followed Ji Meiyan who had already reached the depths of the mountain pass.
The deeper they went towards the mountain pass, the more powerful the Origin Illusion Beasts became.
However, killing powerful Origin Illusion Beasts could increase the chances of perceiving the Origin, which was why Chen Ping kept going deeper!
“Chen Ping, if we continue to go deeper, we won’t know how powerful the Origin Illusionary Beasts are, I think it’s better if we don’t go any deeper.”
Ji Meiyan looked a little nervous when she saw Chen Ping keep going deeper and deeper into the mountain pass!
“Don’t worry, if we do encounter a powerful Origin Illusionary Beast, I can use my feats and weapons and there won’t be any problems.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
But just as Chen Ping’s words fell, the three Origin Illusion Beasts unexpectedly appeared together!
The three Origin Mirage Beasts, in an encircling stance, came towards Chen Ping and the others!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping could not help but frown!
That Ji Meiyan’s face also changed slightly as she pulled on Chen Ping’s coat!
“Why do these three Origin Illusion Beasts look a little different?”
Ji Meiyan asked to Chen Ping!
“Indeed, it is a little different, Origin Illusion Beasts should not have a spirit, but these three Origin Illusion Beasts, they even know to approach in an encircling stance, it looks like they possess a spirit.”
Chen Ping said!
“Then what should we do?” Ji Meiyan asked nervously!
“You hide to the side, perhaps if I destroy these three Origin Illusion Beasts, I will be able to perceive the Golden Origin!”
Chen Ping told Ji Meiyan to hide aside!
“Then be careful, these are three Origin Illusion Beasts, if you can’t, you can use your feats and weapons.”
Ji Meiyan barked at Chen Ping!
After saying that, Ji Meiyan hid to the side and quietly watched Chen Ping!
The three Origin Illusionary Beasts, on the other hand, did not care about Ji Meiyan, but instead took steps and approached Chen Ping step by step!