“This young Taoist friend, that Broad Cold Palace is in the extreme south of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, where it is snowy all year round, with extremely cold temperatures, and to travel there, one has to pass through the deepest part of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, which is chaotic along the way.”
“If you were to travel alone, I’m afraid that you won’t be able to reach the Broad Cold Palace before you’re killed, there are many devil cultivators in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, there are also many loose cultivators, it’s not as safe as it is here.”
“Besides, you only have a mere third grade cultivation of the Transition Realm, not to mention going to the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, even if you were to move around at the foot of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, you might perish, you have to think about it clearly.”
“If Elder Xia hadn’t brought you here, I wouldn’t have told you this ……”
Elder Sun persuaded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s brows frowned slightly after hearing this, he did not expect that the southernmost part of this Celestial Human Realm was also a place of extreme cold, as if it followed the secular world in the same way, the South Pole and the North Pole of the secular world were also both in the presence of year-round snow, which could freeze people to death, except that the area of this Celestial Human Realm was many times larger than that of the secular world.
Chen Ping also knew that there were many demonic cultivators in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and it was also really dangerous, but he couldn’t wait here for a few days just to take a dirigible!
“Old Sun, truth be told, this Mr Chen has just healed my daughter, and is considered my daughter’s saviour, so free up a seat in the blimp!”
Elder Xia looked at Chen Ping’s appearance, so he spoke!
When Elder Sun heard this, he was a bit surprised, “Old Xia, you said your daughter is well and fine?”
“En, it was this Mr Chen who did it!” Elder Xia nodded.
However, he did not reveal Chen Ping’s true identity, although he could not deal with Chen Ping for the sake of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, he did not dare to guarantee that others were the same as him!
Elder Sun incredulously sized up Chen Ping, and it was obvious that there was a shift in the way he looked at Chen Ping!
“Since you are the saviour of Old Xia’s daughter, then I will make arrangements for you, in a moment there will be a dirigible travelling to Guanghan Palace, follow me, the dirigibles that are travelling to Guanghan Palace, are all under my personal control.” >
“After all, the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain are full of dangers, many demonic cultivators are eyeing our Wan Tong Pavilion’s airships, I have to ensure that the airships are safe!”
Elder Sun said to Chen Ping!
“Many thanks, Elder Sun!” Chen Ping hurriedly thanked him!
Elder Xia also stepped forward and patted Elder Sun on the shoulder and said “Old Sun, thanks a lot, when you come back, go to my house for a drink.”
“Hahaha, definitely definitely ……”
Elder Sun laughed loudly!
“Mr Chen, why don’t we go with you ……”
Patriarch Jiang came to Chen Ping’s side and whispered!
After all, the southernmost tip of the Heavenly Demon Mountain was an extremely harsh place, snow-covered all year round, very hard!
“Yes, let’s go with you, or we can take care of each other!”
Ochre Yan also spoke up!
But Chen Ping shook his head and said “Patriarch Jiang, this journey is already enough trouble for you, the Soul Demon Sect can’t be left unmanaged, I’ll just go by myself.”
Chen Ping spoke, then looked at Ochre Yan and said “Ochre Yan, you have followed me for such a long time, now that your physical body has finally recovered and you can live a normal life, you are also considered to be in love with Miss Jiang when you follow her, so stay in the Soul Demon Sect!”
“If there’s a chance, we can still meet again ……”
“Mr Chen …………”
Ochre Yan’s tears came out at once, although Ochre Yan’s physical body was destroyed by Chen Ping and imprisoned his soul in the sea of consciousness!
But Ochre Yan had not blamed Chen Ping, on the contrary he was very grateful to Chen Ping!
After following Chen Ping for this period of time, Ochre Yan had really grown a lot!
Now with Chen Ping’s help, he had recovered his physical body and his strength had grown a lot, and he had also found a daoist couple for dual cultivation, Ochre Yan was very lucky!
“A big man, why are you still crying!”
Chen Ping patted Ochre Yan’s shoulder and said with a faint smile!