Gu Ling’er smashed hard into that ice dragon, but it was not of the slightest use.
“Sister Yu Qi, Sister Ling’er, I have a way ……”
Xiao Ru said slowly after looking at Chen Ping who was frozen inside the ice dragon’s body.
“Xiao Ru, you have a way, do it quickly ……”
Su Yuqi said to Xiao Ru anxiously.
Xiao Ru nodded, and then looked back at that Zhao Beng, and then walked in front of the ice dragon with a face full of gloom.
Seeing Xiao Ru’s expression, Su Yuqi thought of something at once and rushed over, pulling Xiao Ru by the hand.
“Xiao Ru, you …… you ……”
Su Yuqi’s eyes were full of intolerance as she looked at Xiao Ru, but she didn’t know what to say.
“Sister Yuqi, this life of mine is given by big brother Chen, I am willing to do anything for him, the master also explained this to me ……”
Xiao Ru smiled faintly at Su Yuqi and said.
Su Yuqi looked at Xiao Ru and slowly let go of her hand, maybe soon she will also step on this path of Xiao Ru.
Xiao Ru looked back at Zhao Chuan, perhaps in Xiao Ru’s heart, there was already a place for Zhao Chuan, the playboy.
Zhao Beng was unsure, but when he saw Xiao Ru looking at him, he was still giggling.
Xiao Ru slowly put her hands on that ice dragon’s body, and an extremely cold Qi was directly sucked into Xiao Ru’s body.
Xiao Ru was an ice crystal body, and the extremely cold Qi would quickly invade Xiao Ru’s body after touching her.
Soon, a large amount of cold Qi entered Xiao Ru’s body, and at this moment, frost had already started to form on Xiao Ru’s hair and body!
As a large amount of cold Qi was sucked away by Xiao Ru, that ice dragon actually began to slowly melt away.
At this moment, Chen Ping watched as Xiao Ru’s body slowly froze and seemed to understand something, roaring desperately, but not a single sound could come out.
“Xiao Ru?”
Zhao Beng also seemed to notice that something was wrong and ran over to try to pull Xiao Ru away.
But the moment Zhao Bargan touched Xiao Ru, his arm also began to freeze rapidly. Fortunately, the men he had brought with him were quick to see and hastily pulled Zhao Bargan back.
Su Yuqi looked at Xiao Ru, who was covered in ice and frost, and snuggled up to Gu Ling’er’s shoulder and cried out in pain.
Ten minutes later!
The ice dragon transformed back into a body of water, and Chen Ping slowly stood up with the dragon crystal, looking at Xiao Ru who had long since become an ice sculpture, Chen Ping was a little dumbfounded.
“Silly girl, what are you doing? What are you doing?”
Chen Ping’s palms rose up in a roaring flame, constantly sizzling around Xiao Ru, trying to make her recover, but it was no use at all.
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping hissed in anger.
His life, which he had traded for Xiao Ru’s, was killing him inside!
“Chen Ping, calm down, this is all voluntary on Xiao Ru’s part, we have other things to do next, you can’t let Xiao Ru sacrifice herself for you for nothing ……”
Gu Ling’er yelled at the almost frantic Chen Ping.
Chen Ping slowly calmed down, his eyes looking at Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi, his mind instantly flashing back to what Old Leader had said the night before.
“You all knew before you came that this would happen, right? You knew before you came that you would have to use your lives to help me get the Dragon Crystal, right?”
Chen Ping questioned loudly at Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er.
Neither Su Yuqi nor Gu Ling’er said anything, but even if the two did not say anything, Chen Ping understood instantly.
Xiao Ru was an ice crystal and had melted the ice dragon to help himself get the dragon crystal, Su Yuqi was a fire spirit body, so wouldn’t taking the Inferno Dragon Dragon Crystal require the sacrifice of Su Yuqi?
Chen Ping’s mind went into a daze, he could not want any dragon crystal, and would never sacrifice the people around him.
“Old Dragon Head, why, this is why …………”
Chen Ping shouted, he wanted to hate the old dragon leader, but he simply could not …………