Seeing that none of the people were backing down, Chen Ping led the crowd to the Broad Cold Palace!
Only, as Chen Ping left the South End City with the crowd, a youth looked at the departing backs of Chen Ping and the others, and the corner of his mouth suddenly hooked into a cold smile!
Soon, the youth’s figure disappeared, and Chen Ping and the others did not notice some observation!
The vast thousands of people began to step on the snow and go up the mountain!
On the way, there were cultivators in the sky rushing towards the Guanghan Palace!
When approaching Guanghan Palace, the guards inside Guanghan Palace also discovered this scene.
Looking at the black crowd in the sky and on the ground, the many disciples of the Guanghan Palace were confused.
“Enemy attack, enemy attack, quickly go inform the Palace Master ……”
Immediately, a disciple of Guanghan Palace shouted out!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was notified and rushed to the door with her people, and after she looked at the dark crowd in the distance, she was also instantly confused.
How could she not expect that the Mu Family would be able to gather so many of their children?
Those flying in the sky, those walking on the ground, all of them were people, covering the sky was too shocking!
“Palace …… Palace Master, this …………”
Bing Lu looked at this scene, and her speech was a little sloppy.
Guanghan Palace Palace Master’s eyes were helpless, sighed lightly and said, “Bing Lu, you take all Guanghan Palace disciples to leave from the back mountain, the further away the better.”
“If it is possible, I hope that you will continue to promote Guanghan Palace, if it is not possible, then go incognito and own not to be saying that you are Guanghan Palace disciples.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace gave up, there was really no way out, facing the attack of so many people, Guanghan Palace was afraid that it would fall apart in an instant!
It was simply not worth it to let so many disciples die along with him.
There was also the fact that these Guanghan Palace disciples were too weak, their roots were not firm, and they were afraid that it would be very difficult to carry forward Guanghan Palace.
“Palace Master, I’m not leaving, I want to accompany you.”
Bing Lu shook her head and said.
“Palace Master, we’re not leaving, we’re willing to accompany you and die with Guanghan Palace.”
The many disciples of the Broad Cold Palace all said with firm eyes.
“There’s no need for that, if you guys leave, Guang Han Palace won’t be called overthrown, perhaps many years later, Guang Han Palace will reappear.”
“If all of you die here, then Guanghan Palace will truly be finished.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace sighed, then said in a commanding tone, “I order you all to leave Guanghan Palace immediately, if you are late, it will be too late ……”
Bing Lu still wanted to say something, but looking at the Palace Master’s determined expression, she finally nodded helplessly and prepared to lead the crowd to leave!
But just as Bing Lu was preparing to leave with the other Broad Cold Palace disciples, Lan Yingying suddenly shouted!
“Palace Master, quickly look, quickly look ah, Mr Chen, it’s Mr Chen …………”
Lan Yingying’s shout was filled with excitement!
As soon as the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace and Binglu heard this, they hurriedly looked and found that a silhouette at the very front was rapidly approaching, and it was indeed Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was afraid that so many people would scare the Broad Cold Palace crowd, so he ran to the front of the crowd so that he could notify the Broad Cold Palace crowd in advance.
Seeing that it was Chen Ping, a smile finally appeared on the face of the Palace Master of Guang Han Palace.
Bing Lu, on the other hand, was crying with excitement.
“Open the door ……”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace ordered the door to be opened and then led the people to welcome them!
“Palace Master, I’m back again ……”
Chen Ping looked at the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and said with a faint smile.
Although Chen Ping had not had any deep intimate exchanges following the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace, however, the two were considered to have kissed and had a skin-to-skin relationship, so the relationship had become subtle.
“How did you …… you come back? Those people are ……”
The Palace Master looked at the black crowd behind Chen Ping and asked with great shock.
“They are all brought by me, I know that that Mu Family will definitely not let go of the Guanghan Palace, and the Guanghan Palace is not a rival of the Mu Family, so I contacted a group of friends to come over to help.”
Chen Ping said with a smile.