Xia Chao didn’t want to push Xiaolan, he needed to live, if he pushed Xiaolan to the limit and fought for his life, if Xiaolan made a mistake, his plan would be ruined.
Xiaolan looked at the people of the Miao village, who were all looking at him with expectant eyes at the moment.
The lives of these people were now in Xiaolan’s hands.
At this moment, Xiaolan’s face became extremely ugly. If it was just herself, she would rather die than follow Xia Chao to pay respects, but this was about the lives of dozens of people in the Miao Village, so Xiaolan was in a difficult position.
“Miss Xiaolan, you don’t need to care about us, if you don’t want to marry this Xia Chao, just run away ……”
Just when Xiao Lan was in a dilemma, a member of the Miao Village suddenly jumped out, with a face that was ready to die.
This person also adored Xiaolan, and seeing Xiaolan being threatened, he was momentarily angry, so he stood out.
“A small member of the Miao Cottage, how dare you jump out and dictate?”
Xia Chao’s face was cold, followed by a slap out.
Xiao Lan and the five Dali heads were too late to react, only to see that Miao Village member instantly spewing blood from his mouth and flying several meters away, directly being slapped to death.
“Xia Chao, you’ve gone too far ……”
Xiao Lan’s eyes glared and she directly pulled out a dagger from her waist.
And those members of the Miao Cottage were also furious and flashed their weapons.
“Hahahaha, I didn’t expect you to have a dagger on you on the big day, is this an attempt to plot against me?”
Seeing Xiao Lan pull out the dagger from her waist, Xia Chao actually laughed out loud.
“I …………”
Xiao Lan didn’t know how to reply, she hid the dagger, she did intend that if Xia Chao was going to use force on her, she would follow Xia Chao and fight for her life, anyway, she couldn’t let Xia Chao get away with it.
“Well, my patience is limited, either pay respect to me and get married or ………… die ……”
A burst of killing aura erupted from Xia Chao’s body.
Xiaolan gritted her teeth, her face becoming increasingly ugly, she was not afraid of death, but what about these other people from the Miao Village?
These were all the ones she had spent twenty years with, many of whom had taken care of her as children.
“Xia Chao, since your father is not here, I will send someone to find my righteous father and ask him to come and sit on top of the high hall, or else this wedding will not be complete ……”
Xiaolan said to Xia Chao.
Xiaolan this is a delaying tactic, the Miao King has long since died, where to find ah, she is just stalling to see where this Chen Ping has gone, how come he doesn’t show up either ……
“No, the auspicious time does not wait for people, and then send someone to invite the Miao King, what time will it be when they return?”
Xia Chao did not have the patience to wait, he only needed to absorb the Yin Qi from Xiao Lan now, he could break through the Martial Sect himself, he did not want to wait a minute.
“If you don’t agree, I won’t give you worship even if I fight to the death ……”
Xiao Lan said, and actually put the dagger to her neck, looking like she was going to kill herself.
This stunned Xia Chao, if Xiaolan really committed suicide, that a corpse is just a corpse, useless to him.
“Alright, I promise you, but I only give you an hour, if your people still can’t invite the Miao King, don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
Xia Chao finally compromised.
Seeing Xia Chao nodding his head in agreement, Xiaolan then let out a long breath.
Xiao Lan nodded her head and agreed to that Xia Chao, and then looked at the Dali head, “Dali head, you go and invite my righteous father here to officiate the wedding for me, you must be quick ……”
As she followed the Dali head and spoke, Xiaolan kept winking, she was not asking the Dali head to go and find the Miao King, the Miao King had long since died, it was impossible to find him, she was asking the Dali head to go and find Chen Ping, to see where this fellow Chen Ping had gone, only Chen Ping could save them now.
The Dali head nodded, turned around and left, while Xiaolan and the rest of the Miao village were surrounded by the Tianwu Sect crowd in the main hall, waiting in silence.