Chen Ping looked at the grotesque form of the Tenth Hall Master and couldn’t help but feel a wave of disgust.
These so-called divine clan members, with their haughty attitudes, turned out to be nothing more than this behind the scenes!
“Today, I will make sure all of you die…”
Since the Tenth Hall Master had exposed his most hideous side, as a member of the divine clan, he couldn’t allow any living witnesses to survive.
Therefore, everyone here had to die!
Seeing the Tenth Hall Master charging toward him, Chen Ping immediately summoned the Dragon-Slaying Sword and slashed out with it!
Boom!
The Tenth Hall Master charged forward recklessly, shattering the sword’s light. Chen Ping was sent flying hundreds of feet, and cracks began to appear on his Indestructible Golden Body.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, quickly taking advantage of the distance to put away the Dragon-Slaying Sword and pull out the Divine King’s Bow once more.
However, Chen Ping knew that this might be the last time he could use the Divine King’s Bow. With his current strength, he couldn’t afford to draw it so frequently.
Chen Ping slowly drew the bowstring, the Dao Patterns and killing intent surging like tidal waves within his body. A golden arrow gradually materialized on the Divine King’s Bow.
This was his final shot, and Chen Ping had to give it his all!
Swish!
The golden light shot forth!
Boom!
The golden arrow struck the Tenth Hall Master, but it shattered instantly. The tremendous recoil sent Chen Ping flying another hundred feet.
As Chen Ping was sent flying, the Tenth Hall Master leaped into the air and delivered a devastating punch downward.
Boom!
The void twisted and distorted, and Chen Ping’s body was slammed into the ground, sinking a hundred meters deep.
“Mr. Chen!”
Hua Yueying was horrified and immediately cast a formation. Layers of silk-like energy wrapped around the Tenth Hall Master’s body, trying to stop him from attacking Chen Ping again.
Hearing Hua Yueying’s cry, Lin Kefan turned his head. When he saw Chen Ping being smashed into the ground, his face filled with rage and killing intent.
“Damn it, you dare hurt my brother-in-law? I’ll fight you to the death!”
Lin Kefan transformed into a streak of light, charging fiercely toward the Tenth Hall Master.
The Tenth Hall Master, entangled by the silk-like energy, stood motionless as Lin Kefan crashed into him.
Boom!
With a loud explosion, the Tenth Hall Master remained unmoved, but Lin Kefan was sent flying. His body was covered in cracks, and blood gushed from his mouth.
Lin Kefan opened his storage ring and began stuffing handfuls of pills into his mouth.
At this point, he no longer cared about conserving resources.
After repelling Lin Kefan, the Tenth Hall Master easily broke free from Hua Yueying’s formation with a slight struggle.
Then, he strode toward the direction where Chen Ping had fallen.
“Fourth Prince, stop him!”
Hua Yueying, seeing this, urgently called out to Lin Kefan.
Lin Kefan gritted his teeth, his face filled with determination. “Little sister, if I die, it’s to save your man. You better remember to burn incense for me…”
Lin Kefan’s body was once again surrounded by lightning, and he transformed into a bolt of lightning, charging toward the Tenth Hall Master.
He had to stop the Tenth Hall Master and buy Chen Ping some time to recover.
“Overestimating yourself…”
The Tenth Hall Master snorted coldly and threw a punch.
Boom!
The lightning surrounding Lin Kefan shattered instantly, and he was sent flying, crashing heavily to the ground and vomiting blood.
Hua Yueying, seeing this, desperately cast spells, but she couldn’t stop the Tenth Hall Master’s advance.
This guy, after his beast transformation, had gained an overwhelming increase in strength!
In the hundred-meter-deep crater, Chen Ping wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth. There was no fear in his eyes, only an even more intense fighting spirit.
“Kid, your body can’t take much more. Let me take over…”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping.
“I can still fight. We’ll talk later!”
Chen Ping leaped out of the hundred-meter-deep crater in one bound.
“If your body breaks, I won’t be able to possess you and help!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord urgently reminded Chen Ping.
But Chen Ping ignored him, gripping the Dragon-Slaying Sword and staring intently at the Tenth Hall Master.