Under the mountain peak, the Pure Yang Sect’s quarters!
Yao Qing had rushed over with the people from the Burning Heaven Sect, since he had promised Leng Wu Dao and the others that he would destroy the Pure Yang Sect and take its place, he had to do it!
Otherwise it wouldn’t be a long-term plan to always live in such a sneaky manner!
And until the Pure Yang Clan could find a suitable place to set up camp, they could only repair here for the time being!
“Master, now that we are following the other sects so distantly, do you think they will lay their hands on us?”
Liu Xing asked to Yue Buqun.
“No, how can we say that they are also famous sects, they just won’t come and go in the future, there is no need to lay a black hand on us!”
Yue Buqun still trusted the other sects, although they had problems with each other, but not to the point of laying a black hand and killing people!
“Let’s find a place to get away from these guys or they’ll always be looking for trouble ……”
Liu Rui said!
“No rush, take your time looking, this secret realm seems to be a masterless secret realm, and it’s so big, I believe there are still many feng shui treasures that have not been discovered yet!”
“Everyone rest early, tomorrow in continue to go out to search ……”
Yue Buqun finished and laid himself down on the bed!
He was still worried about Chen Ping’s safety, wondering if Chen Ping had escaped!
Liu Xing and Liu Rui also went to rest, and only two Pure Yang Sect disciples were patrolling around to prevent any demonic beast infestation!
Just then, the two Pure Yang Sect disciples suddenly spotted a figure approaching rapidly!
Before they could say anything, they felt a tightness in their chests, followed by a bloody hole in their chests, and blood gushed out!
Before they could even make any sound, the two Pure Yang Sect disciples were drinking in the northwest!
Pfft, pfft …………
The two slight sounds of falling to the ground still startled Yue Buqun!
Yue Buqun had been lying down and could not sleep, now he heard a movement and immediately got up to check!
But as soon as Yue Buqun got up, he saw several figures rushing towards him, each with a murderous intent!
The dark night instantly flashed with a white light, and the terrifying energy sent those figures flying out!
At this moment, all the disciples of the Pure Yang Sect were startled. Seeing this, Yao Qing knew that a sneak attack was out of the question, so he stopped hiding too!
With a torch lit up, Yue Buqun was surprised to see that the one who had attacked him was Yao Qing of the Burning Heaven Sect!
He did not expect that someone from the Burning Heaven Sect had entered this secret realm, and had the audacity to attack him!
One must know that all these years, the Burning Heaven Sect had been in hiding, not daring to openly show themselves at all!
“Yao Qing, how dare you, how dare you sneak attack my Pure Yang Sect?”
Yue Buqun shouted angrily at Yao Qing with an angry face!
“Yue Buqun, back then, when you chased and killed my Burning Heaven Sect, there was also something about your Pure Yang Clan, so it is only natural for me to sneak attack you now to take revenge.”
Yao Qing snorted coldly!
“You have too much guts, don’t you know that just a short distance away, is the other sects’ quarters, when the time comes to draw the other sects here, I will see how you Burning Heaven Sect can still leave!”
Yue Buqun threatened at Yao Qing.
“Hahahaha, you are so naive, do you still think that other sects will come to your rescue?”
“Seeing as you are on the verge of death, I might as well tell you that I have come to destroy your Pure Yang Sect, and I have also followed the other sects to discuss that your Pure Yang Sect’s position will be replaced by my Burning Heaven Sect.”
Yao Qing said with a big smile.
“You fart, they would never do that, don’t you be stirring up trouble ……”
Yue Buqun simply did not believe what Yao Qing said!
To know that they hated evil cultivators to the bone, how could they let Yao Qing take the place of the Pure Yang Sect!