The next day!
People from every clan and family in the Kyoto martial arts world all gathered at the Protector’s Pavilion!
To these people, this meeting was obviously different from the previous ones!
There had never been a time when so many people attended a meeting at the same time, knowing that there were hundreds of various sects and families in the Kyoto Martial Arts World.
And among them, the Martial Arts Alliance stood at nearly a third of the number, not all the sects and families had joined the Martial Arts Alliance.
“I wonder if something is about to happen as Mr. Shi has suddenly gathered us all together?”
“I’ve heard that the people in black have been on the prowl recently, and it’s possible that evil cultivators have resurfaced, so it seems that a bloodbath cannot be avoided, again.”
“The martial arts world is now scattered, if evil cultivators resurface, I’m afraid it will be hard to resist!”
…………
The people were discussing and looking for their acquaintances to talk to each other.
And at the entrance of the Protector Pavilion, Dong Liqun and Dong Jiahao were looking outwards, seemingly waiting for someone.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, is it true that Mr Chen has been invited too?”
Dong Liqun asked as he turned to Zhao Wuji.
After all, Chen Ping was just a person who hadn’t announced that he had established a sect, and hadn’t even registered, so individuals would not normally be invited to such a convention.
“Of course, Mr. Shi personally gave the word, and besides, doesn’t your Dong family now look up to Mr. Chen?”
Zhao Wuji said with a faint smile.
“Yes, yes, my Dong Family follows Mr. Chen’s lead, Mr. Chen can completely make any decision on behalf of my Dong Family!”
Dong Liqun hurriedly nodded his head and said.
Soon, Chen Ping’s figure appeared at the door, and Dong Liqun and Dong Jiahao hurriedly greeted him.
And seeing that Chen Ping had come to such a meeting, many people all looked sideways!
“Alliance Master, that Chen Ping is here ……”
Someone whispered in Zhu Zhishan’s ear.
“Is everything ready?”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping who walked in at the door before asking in a whisper.
The man nodded, “All ready, as soon as Chen Ping leaves, he will definitely die ……”
Zhu Zhishan had already laid a net of heaven and earth for Chen Ping, although he did not dare to make a move at the Guardian Pavilion meeting, but when he walked out of here, there would be no way for Chen Ping to escape.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked around and found that there were quite a few people coming, many of whom, Chen Ping did not know.
However, these people had heard a lot about Chen Ping.
There was almost no one in the entire Kyoto martial arts community who didn’t know about Chen Ping’s great reputation these days.
“Chen Ping, this is a meeting that our Kyoto martial arts community, the various sects and families, have come to attend, what qualifications do you, an individual, have to attend? Do you have an invitation?”
At this moment, a person suddenly stood up and questioned Chen Ping.
This person was also one of the clans in the Martial Dao Alliance, so he gave Chen Ping a straightforward downbeat.
The reason for this was simply to show himself in front of Zhu Zhishan.
As soon as these words came out, many people looked at Chen Ping and many of them pointed at him!
It was true that Chen Ping did not have an invitation, he had only been verbally informed by Xing Jun.
At this moment, Zhao Wuji hurriedly tried to explain, but he did not want Dong Liqun to step forward and said, “Mr. Chen is here on behalf of my Dong family, isn’t it okay? Our Dong family will be Mr. Chen’s pawn from now on, whoever is not convinced can go out and practise ……”
“I think you’re tired of living, believe it or not, after you go out, I’ll make your clan disappear directly from the Kyoto martial arts world?”
Dong Liqun looked at the prickly fellow with fierce eyes.
If the Dong family could stand alone and not join the Martial Dao Alliance, no one dared to bully them, then they must have their own strength, and they were not comparable to ordinary clans and families.
Dong Liqun’s words instantly caused that sect leader to be deflated, his face turned ugly and his expression couldn’t be more embarra*sed.