Before a few people could wake up from the shock, another thunderstorm came down immediately afterwards!
Boom boom boom …………
Boom boom boom …………
…………
“How many thunderstorms is this ……? Is it finished?”
When Tong Youcai saw that the black clouds would not dissipate for a long time, and that one thunderstorm kept bombarding down, his whole body was a bit dumbfounded!
They all knew that they had experienced the breakthrough of Martial Gods and had endured lightning tribulations before, but no one had ever endured such a terrifying lightning tribulation before!
Even the thunder tribulation of a Martial Emperor’s breakthrough was not this perverted, right?
“It’s the seventh one ……”
Leng Yun said slowly, with a strong shock in his tone!
Singing …………
Just after the seventh thunderbolt came down, the orb finally made a clear sound!
The orb then began to break apart like a flower petal, scattering in all directions!
And Chen Ping and Liu Rui’s bodies were exposed!
Although the sphere had dispersed, Chen Ping still closed his eyes and did not move!
The black clouds in mid-air were still dense and had no intention of dispersing!
“Is there still a lightning strike behind us? I’d like to see how this kid can resist!”
When Tong Youcai saw that the black clouds had not dispersed, he said.
Boom boom boom …………
A purple lightning bolt cut through the thick black clouds, accompanied by a loud booming sound, and struck Chen Ping directly!
This time the thunderbolt was even more powerful, like a million horses running down, Liu Rui beside Chen Ping could not bear the pressure, and her whole body fell down from the Tong Ling tree!
The thunderbolt struck Chen Ping’s body and a cloud of smoke rose up, covering his body in a huge haze!
In the distance, Tong Youzhe and the others could even smell the smell of burning!
“This kind of perverted lightning tribulation, I told you that no one could withstand it, I guess this kid Chen Ping is now ashes to ashes, he has also become charred.”
A cold smile appeared on Tong Youcai’s face as he said.
After smelling the smell of charred flesh, the Grand Protector said with a slight regret, “What a good flesh, pity, pity ……”
“This Chen Ping is also unlucky, I guess he swallowed the Tong Ling fruit, that’s why the thunderstorm was so fierce, it looks like the Tong Ling fruit is a good thing, but it also has disadvantages!”
Leng Yun thought that Chen Ping had made a breakthrough by eating the Spiritual Fruit, which had caused such a perverse thunderstorm!
But just when several people thought Chen Ping was dead, the smoke cleared and Chen Ping was still sitting in the same place, not dead and not charred at all!
Only his clothes were shattered by the thunderstorm and he was like a beggar!
Chen Ping’s body began to slowly float up, the skin on his body slowly became transparent, the blood inside his body could be clearly seen!
“This …………”
The few people who saw this, all tilted their heads and stared dumbfounded, their mouths open, their faces full of unbelievable!
Boom boom boom …………
Another bolt of lightning came, and this time it was golden lightning.
With the pa*sing of the golden lightning, the black cloud finally dissipated!
The thunderbolt struck Chen Ping’s body, instantly turning his transparent body into a golden colour!
At this moment, Chen Ping was floating in mid-air, surrounded by golden light!
A terrifying aura was rising and soon reached its peak!
Buzz …………
The entire void fluctuated, and the aura on Chen Ping’s body began to grow exponentially!
The terrifying aura began to spread around, and those who felt this aura, such as Tong Youzui, trembled in their hearts and even felt like kneeling!
The breath slowly dissipated, and Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, and now Chen Ping had a kind of majesty about him, his body was suspended in mid-air, and wherever he looked, he was like a god overlooking all beings!
“To break through the Martial God, and to have such a battle, this guy is too extraordinary!”
The Grand Protector’s face showed a grave expression as he adjusted his aura to the best possible state!