But thinking that the money was also given to him by Chen Ping, Gu Feng couldn’t say anything more, now if he was happy with Chen Ping, he might even give himself money, after all, Chen Ping had money!
“That’s all, open it!”
Chen Ping said as he threw the stones in front of that Boss Cui.
Boss Cui looked at the pile of waste stones in front of him and sneered, “Let’s make a deal, if you can’t open something, you won’t get a refund, don’t say I’m cheating you later and ruining my shop’s reputation!”
“Cut the crap and open it quickly!” Chen Ping said in a cold voice!
Boss Cui ordered to his men, “Open!”
Soon, a waste stone was taken onto the machine, and then under the cutting blade, the waste stone was cut open a little!
“Ice seed stone, it’s ice seed …………”
Someone with sharp eyes, immediately shouted out!
Sure enough, after the stone was opened, inside was a crystal clear ice seed stone!
“Hahahaha, an ice seed stone, now we won’t lose out …………”
When Gu Feng took a look, he burst out laughing.
Although the ice seed stones weren’t very valuable, they could still be sold for 100,000 to 200,000, so they wouldn’t lose any money!
“I didn’t expect you guys to be so lucky, a blind cat met a dead rat ……”
Boss Cui snorted coldly and said.
Chen Ping just smiled without saying anything, waiting quietly for the other waste stones to be opened!
Soon, another waste stone was opened, and it was another ice seed stone!
The third and fourth stones were all ice stones, and everyone was dumbfounded.
Gu Feng was excitedly holding the bag with the opened stones and urged Mr. Cui, “Open it quickly, don’t be so slow!”
When the fifth stone was opened, a blinding green light stunned the crowd!
Even the boss Cui was frozen on the spot!
Gu Feng froze, then jumped up like a madman: “Imperial green, this is imperial green …………”
After the shock, the crowd couldn’t help but murmur!
“Who is this kid? It’s too lucky to have opened an Imperial Green …… inside the scrap”
“This is not good luck, it’s simply an explosion of luck!”
“Shut up guys, it’s obvious that this young man is a connoisseur, it’s not a matter of luck!”
The crowd chattered, while that boss Cui’s face had become very ugly!
“Don’t stand still, hurry up and open …… for us!”
Gu Feng said to that boss Cui.
“No more, we won’t sell the rest of the stones, I’ll give you your money back …………”
Boss Cui put the rest of the stones away himself!
Chen Ping took a healthy step forward and directly grabbed that boss Cui’s wrist: “I don’t want money, I just want the stones, this is one handful of money, how can you go back on your words?”
“Yes, how can you renege? So many people are watching!”
Gu Feng also stepped forward and grabbed that boss Cui and said.
“Humph, do you know whose shop this is? How dare you move your hands and feet with me here?”
Boss Cui coldly snorted, and instantly a dozen of big men rushed out from inside, and at a glance these people were all practitioners.
“What do you want to do? Do you think I don’t exist?” Seeing this, Gu Ling’er burst out in anger!
How can she say that she was also a member of the Dharma Protection Pavilion, and these people were ignoring her!
“Not to mention you, even if your Pavilion Master came, I’m not afraid, this is the shop that Young Master Wu has a stake in, do you dare to make trouble?”
Boss Cui was full of complacency, because he had the Wu family behind him!
You have to know that the Wu family is one of the best in the provincial city, and the head of the Wu family, Wu Liuyi, is also one of the four councilors of the Martial Arts Union!
“Today, even if the King of Heaven opened the shop, you will finish opening the stone for me!”
Chen Ping said with a grim face.
“D*mn it, I’ll just not open it, what else can you do to me?”
Boss Cui put a cross face and said!
Boom …………
Chen Ping smashed his fist, directly hitting that boss Cui’s mouth and nose bleeding, this is still Chen Ping closed his hand, otherwise this boss Cui’s head would have opened up!