“Holy sh*t, this Guo Wei is crazy, right? How dare he burn his essence blood?”
“This Chen Ping is too powerful, forcing Guo Wei to burn his essence blood!”
“It looks like Chen Ping is in a bad way today.”
Everyone looked at the scene in front of them in shock, Chen Ping had hardened a strong man at the peak of Martial Sect, forcing him to burn his essence blood!
“Stop it ……”
At this moment, a terrifying strong wind struck, directly separating Guo Wei and Chen Ping!
Zhu Zhishan looked at the two coldly, he didn’t want to lose a council member for this!
“You stand down ……”
Zhu Zhishan said as he looked to Guo Wei.
“Alliance Master, this Chen Ping has provoked the prestige of the Martial Alliance, he must not be spared ……”
Guo Wei said with a face of anger.
“I will handle this matter, you stand down ……”
Zhu Zhishan aggravated his tone, and when Guo Wei saw this, he collected the aura from his body and retreated.
Zhu Zhishan looked at Chen Ping: “Chen Ping, you are very strong and talented, but unfortunately you are too arrogant, if you can endure humiliation, maybe in a few years, I will not even be your opponent, it is just a pity that you are too young and do not know the truth that the wind will destroy the wood showers in the forest ……”
“Endure humiliation?” Chen Ping laughed coldly, “I’ll endure you, I want to endure, will you let me endure?”
“You spy on the treasures I carry and take them by force.”
“You sent someone to capture my girlfriend and put her in the dungeon!”
“If I put up with this, I won’t be a f*cking man, so I will fight your Martial Alliance to the end ……”
Chen Ping said through gritted teeth.
Everyone was stunned and looked at Chen Ping incredulously, none of them had expected that Chen Ping would even dare to insult Zhu Zhi Shan!
However, what Chen Ping said, Zhu Zhi Shan spying on the treasures on Chen Ping and taking away his girlfriend, if things were true, it would be too sinister.
After all, Zhu Zhishan was the alliance leader of the Martial Dao Alliance, he was the one who presided over the order of the entire martial dao world in Kyoto, any clan or family could do anything to get the treasure on Chen Ping, but not Zhu Zhishan!
Zhu Zhishan’s face turned very ugly, his brows knitted together tightly.
“Chen Ping, I now declare that you have disregarded the rules of the Alliance and blatantly violated the order of the Alliance, so you are to be taken away and taken into custody ……”
As soon as Zhu Zhishan’s words fell, four of the Martial Dao Alliance’s law enforcement elders instantly surrounded Chen Ping.
“I am not a member of your Martial Dao Alliance, so why should I follow your so-called rules? That Long Xiao used poison and killed me, so it’s in line with the rules, if I kill him, it’s against the rules, which f*cking rule is that?”
“Since I dare to come here today, I’m not afraid of your shady rules, your Martial Alliance has been claiming to be a famous and righteous sect, in fact you are even worse than those evil cultivators, all of you are chicken and dog thieves ……”
Chen Ping was all righteous, not a trace of fear on his face!
“It’s useless for you to say anything now!” Zhu Zhishan’s eyes faintly stared, then ordered, “Take him away ……”
The four Law Enforcement Elders were about to make a move on Chen Ping, but they saw Zhao Wuji, Zhao Liguo, Dong Jiahao and the others rushing over, all standing behind Chen Ping!
“Lord Zhu, Mr. Chen is an instructor of our Dharma Protection Pavilion, you can’t just take him away!”
Zhao Wuji said with an icy face.
“I don’t care what kind of person he is, since he has violated the rules of the alliance, he is under my control, if you talk too much, believe me or not I will take you away with me?”
Zhu Zhishan said with a cold glance at Zhao Wuji.
“You …………”
Zhao Wuji was trembling with anger, “Aren’t you afraid that I will report to Mr. Shi?”
“What can you do if you report to Mr. Shi, I said that this matter is under my control!”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes were full of cold intent, “Get lost ……”
A sudden burst of the word roll, Zhao Wuji’s body shook, his body stomped back a few steps, and blood actually started to flow out from his ears!