Chen Ping had to find a way to be able to stay under the ancient tree for a long time before he could do so!
In order not to arouse suspicion, Chen Ping withdrew his divine sense power while his divine soul returned to its place, and the entire person looked at the ancient tree in front of him in surprise!
There was no formation within the ancient tree, so the suction force that absorbed the spiritual energy of many cultivators was not a formation as such, but rather this could be the ancient tree’s own ability!
Ancient trees that had the ability to absorb other people’s spiritual energy were really rare in this Celestial Realm, Chen Ping had only seen this one tree!
But just as Chen Ping’s divine soul had just returned to his body, in the space of that ancient tree, a white light slowly coalesced into the form of an old man, who slowly opened his eyes from his cultivation!
The space within the ancient tree seemed to have a sense of emptiness, but the old man sat in it, but followed the surrounding environment with an unparalleled harmony.
It was as if he was the master of this ancient tree space, and the entire space was created by him!
“Somewhat interesting, a small Ferry Realm cultivator, to be able to enter this space of mine?”
The old man raised his white eyebrows, his eyes filled with surprise!
The old man’s eyes seemed to be able to pierce through everything in the entire Beast City, and the entire Beast City was floating in his eyes!
“This brat, he even has the aura of a human demon in his body, all three races’ aura, truly a wizard!”
The old man’s eyes stared slightly, becoming somewhat curious!
Only to see the old man’s two fingers pinching, the spiritual light in the sky above his head continuously flickered, and surprisingly, he began to outline a picture!
And this picture was actually the beginning of Chen Ping’s entry into the land of the Beast City!
From the time Chen Ping entered the land of the Beast City and followed Liu Zhongnan and the others to separate, it was all shown in the picture!
However, what Chen Ping did outside the Beast City Land was not in the picture!
Then running into Missy, finding Liu Zhinan, and plotting to acquire Immortal Spirit Stones were all there in the picture!
Even when Chen Ping followed Liu Zhongnan inside the room to talk about the acquisition, the room was surrounded by shielding formations, but it still all clearly appeared in front of the old man’s eyes!
The latter going to the restaurant and even the beating of that Qiu Yu did not escape the eyes of the old man!
If Chen Ping saw this scene, he would definitely be shocked beyond belief, because everything he had done in Beast City was completely exposed in front of the old man!
Even the image of Chen Ping at the inn, following the Sword Spirit Zhong Li to make out, did not escape!
In the back, Chen Ping entered the large prison and then followed Bai Cheng to fight against him!
When the golden dragon appeared behind Chen Ping and the power of the divine dragon erupted, the old man’s gaze clearly changed!
“So it’s the son of a dragon, no wonder no wonder ……”
The old man’s palm gently waved, and the image abruptly dispersed!
The old man closed his eyes once again, and his entire body fell into cultivation, as if he had never woken up!
While Chen Ping was under the ancient tree, his brows couldn’t help but wrinkle as his body had a very uncomfortable feeling!
“How strange, why do I feel somewhat like I’m spying on me?”
Chen Ping said in a very puzzled manner!
However, this was in a large prison, and he was surrounded by those prisoner cultivators, who were not allowed to casually emit their divine sense to probe!
It was believed that no one would dare to exude their divine sense to probe themselves, and even if they did, with the power of Chen Ping’s divine sense, it was believed that those people would be rebuffed by the power of Chen Ping’s divine sense before they could probe Chen Ping for anything!
Not to mention the fact that there was also a Red Cloud Demon Monarch, a devil of the 8th Heavenly Realm, in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, whose divine sense power could probe in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness without being detected?
“Kid, you’re being spied upon ……”
At this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
“Who is it? How come I didn’t notice it at all in my sea of consciousness? And you didn’t help me block it!”
Chen Ping was surprised and said!
“Shit, it’s not like people are probing in your sea of consciousness with the power of divine sense, how can I help you block it?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said in a very speechless manner!