“Capture this little Fire Qilin, just in time for you to use it as a mount, if this guy grows up, he can be a bodyguard by your side.”
“It is estimated that there is no one in the Celestial Realm who can deal with this Fire Qilin ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch egged Chen Ping on to capture that little Fire Qilin!
When Chen Ping heard this, he also had the intention to go and catch it, but just as he approached, that little Fire Qilin violently opened its mouth again, and thick flames sprayed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping hurriedly dodged and looked at the little Fire Qilin, he did not expect this little guy, to be quite grumpy!
“This is too hard to catch, and even if it is caught, it is probably hard to tame ……”
Chen Ping said with some headache!
“It doesn’t matter, let my Heaven Swallowing Beast go and clean it up, my Heaven Swallowing Beast is a rare magical beast that can scare this Fire Qilin to death!”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Senior, that Heaven Swallowing Beast is bullish, but it does nothing but eat and sleep, it doesn’t listen ah, I have no way to make it wake up.”
Chen Ping was speechless, this Heaven Swallowing Beast was indeed powerful, but there was no way for Chen Ping to control when it could wake up!
But as soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, accompanied by a shaking of the storage ring, the little Heaven Swallowing Beast unexpectedly woke up and appeared directly in front of him!
It seemed to have sensed the existence of the Little Fire Qilin, so it woke up!
Seeing the Heaven Swallowing Beast in front of him, that Fire Qilin immediately had panic in its eyes!
Only to see that little Heaven Swallowing Beast strutting towards the little Fire Qilin!
The little Fire Qilin had its tail tucked between its legs and no longer dared to breathe fire!
The Little Fire Qilin did not move at all even though the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast went over and slapped its head with its claws!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also walked over and stroked the little Fire Qilin, and the little Fire Qilin also stopped moving and was not hostile to Chen Ping!
“This is really a one thing to one thing ah ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping could not help but sigh!
“The Fire Spirit Star Monarch’s Fire Qilin, is a piece of trash, this guy just brags and is grumpy, always feeling terrific.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch mocked the Fire Spirit Star Monarch!
After Chen Ping heard this, he did not dare to say much, no matter if that Fire Spirit Star Sovereign was rubbish or not, but right now, he was afraid that he would be killed by a single look from someone else’s Fire Spirit Star Sovereign!
But speaking of short tempers, it seems that these Immortals of the Heavenly Realm, all have quite explosive tempers ……
“Kid, why don’t you take advantage of the fact that the little Fire Qilin has just hatched and quickly acknowledge its owner, as long as you acknowledge it, it will be your mount.”
“Otherwise, when it grows up, it will be difficult to recognise its master before it wants to, and it might even be taken away by that Fire Spirit Star Sovereign guy!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch reminded Chen Ping!
“Senior, how can this recognise its master?”
Chen Ping had no idea, how to follow these Rui Beasts to recognise their masters!
“Essence blood, as long as you feed this little Fire Qilin with your essence blood, and it drinks your essence blood down, it will be considered a successful acknowledgement!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping did not hesitate to force out dozens of drops of essence blood from his brow, which floated in mid-air, floating in front of the little fire qilin!
“Drink, drink, as long as you drink my essence blood, you are mine.”
Chen Ping kept saying towards the little Fire Qilin!
The little fire qilin looked at Chen Ping’s essence blood and seemed to know what Chen Ping was trying to do, not opening its mouth or licking Chen Ping’s essence blood at all!
“What …… is going on here?”
Seeing that little Fire Qilin not drinking his own essence blood, Chen Ping was puzzled!
“Hahaha, I guess it is to see that your kid’s strength is too low to be worthy of being its master, you are a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, to make the Qilin Rui Beast recognise its master, I’m afraid that you are the first one under the heavens!”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch laughed loudly!
“Then what should we do?”
Chen Ping had an embarrassed look on his face.
Right at this moment, that little Heaven Swallowing Beast suddenly lifted its claws and slapped that little Fire Qilin’s head, fiercely, twice!
Afterwards, it signalled that little Fire Qilin to drink the Essence Blood!
Under the lascivious authority of the little Heaven Swallowing Beast, the little Fire Qilin had no choice but to open its mouth and stick out its tongue to lick Chen Ping’s essence blood clean!
Right at the moment when the Little Fire Qilin swallowed Chen Ping’s essence blood, Chen Ping suddenly felt as if he had some sort of telepathic communication following that Little Fire Qilin!