The other pill masters followed behind, surrounded by all the people of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, no one of these pill masters dared to resist!
“Patriarch Mu, there is still a group of pill masters that were trapped in the storm, and now their lives and deaths are unknown.”
“That Chen Ping who was hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings is also among them, you’d better send someone to take a look!”
Feng Xing said to Mu Qiufeng!
“Oh? That Chen Ping is also there, it’s just right to use him and follow the Demon Sealing Alliance to talk about the terms.”
Mu Qiufeng’s eyes lit up, then he waved his hand towards a bearded middle-aged man and said, “Elder Liu, take someone to pilot the spirit boat and go take a look, apart from that Chen Ping, the other pill masters should be brought back alive as much as possible.”
“As you command!”Elder Liu nodded, then led the people to leave in the spirit boat!
The Zhentian Dharma Sect had found so many pill masters for the purpose of helping to refine pills for use, to put it bluntly, these pill masters would have to work for the Zhentian Dharma Sect for free in the future!
So if the pharmacists died, then they would have no value at all!
There were quite a few resources on this small island, it was just that the Zhan Tian Dharma Sect didn’t have any pharmacists of their own, so that a lot of the resources were wasted for nothing!
This was also why after Wang Qingshi led a portion of the Zhan Tian Dharma Sect disciples to leave this place, they began to learn alchemy as well, and even wanted to seize the Pill God Island to strengthen the Zhan Tian Dharma Sect’s ability to refine pills!
Having suffered from the lack of pill masters on this remote island, Wang Qingshi had done that!
Su Tianshuo and the others were brought to the Zhan Tian Dharma Sect’s grand hall, and although they were treated with good food and drink, they had no freedom!
They were all locked inside the room, which was surrounded by formations, and they, the pill masters, didn’t know the slightest thing about formations, so they couldn’t even escape if they wanted to!
“This Feng Xing old piker, if I have the chance, I’ll get him killed ……”
Bao Longxing roared in anger!
Su Tianshuo, on the other hand, sighed softly, “Don’t shout, stay honest, I didn’t think that after a lifetime of calculating, this time I’ve been calculated!”
Su Tianshuo lay down on the bed, already resigned to his fate!
Seeing this, Bao Longxing also had a helpless look on his face, and sat down at the table and started drinking mulled wine .
At this time, Chen Ping and the others, had already rushed out of the storm, and the spirit boat was rapidly moving away!
If the spirit boat suddenly collapsed and sank at this time, the suction force generated by such a large storm was terrifying, and it was feared that someone would be caught up in it!
“Everyone, don’t relax, we must get away from the storm before we can relax!”
Chen Ping barked at everyone!
Gu Tianzhao, on the other hand, led the people from the Two Yi Sect and desperately maintained the spirit boat, urging it to travel forwards!
After moving away from the storm for hundreds of miles, the spirit boat began to emit an unbearable clicking sound!
“Sect Master, the spirit boat can’t hold on much longer, we have to abandon ship ……”
Gu Tianzhao said loudly!
“Good, everyone fly in the air, don’t be on the spirit boat!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he took the lead and leapt up, his body hovering in mid-air!
The other if saw this and also flew into mid-air!
Right after everyone left the spirit boat, the spirit boat suddenly exploded and then quickly sank!
Dozens of people, floating in mid-air, looked at the vast ocean, and for a moment, they were out of ideas!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, what do we do next?”
Chen Wenliang asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked around, so he said, “President Chen, let’s select a few of the strongest pill masters and then split up to search for the island.”
“Everyone else stays here, no one should move around, this way we can still preserve our spiritual energy.”
“Regardless of whether we find the island or not, we must come back and rendezvous a day later to do so.”
“Good, just do as you say!”Chen Wenliang nodded!
This was all that could be done now, if these people went to find the island together, they were afraid that some of the pill masters with low strength wouldn’t have the means to maintain their flight halfway through the journey!
Chen Wenliang selected a few of the strongest pill masters and then separated into groups of two by two.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, asked for a bearing of his own, he was used to travelling alone, and it wouldn’t be cumbersome!