“Gu Feng, what are you babbling about? I’ll kick you to death ……”
Gu Ling’er’s face turned red with shame and kicked that Gu Feng fiercely.
Although she received a kick, Gu Feng still said, “Sister, you are just too old-fashioned, no wonder you can’t find a boyfriend at such an age, it’s not easy for my brother-in-law to dislike you, you should know how to cherish it, how can you let him sleep on the sofa?”
“Brother-in-law, get up, I’ll take you to sleep in a big hotel, I guarantee a comfortable sleep!” Gu Feng shook Chen Ping’s body!
“No, I’m afraid I’ll run into a troublemaker and you’ll run away first!”
Chen Ping said with his eyes closed.
When Gu Feng heard this, his face was filled with embarra*sment, but he still cheekily said, “Brother-in-law, I’m not running away, I’m going to find someone to save you!”
“Gu Feng, get lost!”
Gu Ling’er stepped forward and grabbed Gu Feng by the ear and threw him out!
Boom …………
After closing the door, Gu Ling’er was still angry, this younger brother of hers was really indisputable, in the future, I’m afraid that by the time their generation comes, the Gu family will be in decline!
Chen Ping stole a glance at the angry Gu Ling’er and couldn’t help but laugh!
“What are you laughing at ……”
Gu Ling’er gave Chen Ping a blank look and turned around to go back to her room!
………………
The next day, Jiang Zhengzhong initiated a proposal to convene the Martial Arts Alliance Conference!
In order to convene a Martial Alliance Conference, one of the four councilors had to propose it, and the other three councilors also needed to agree before this Martial Alliance Conference could be convened!
After Jiang Zhengzhong’s proposal, the other three did not object, and the Martial Alliance Conference was successfully held at a venue on the outskirts of the provincial city!
In the main seat of the venue, there were four carved mahogany chairs, which was where the four directors of the Martial Alliance were sitting!
It was almost noon when more than thirty martial arts families and martial arts schools had arrived to attend the Martial Arts Union Conference, all of which were members of the Martial Arts Union.
These people waited for another half an hour or so before the four major council members slowly arrived!
From left to right, they were Jiang Zhengzhong of the Jiang Family, Wu Liuyi of the Wu Family, Sun Yaobang of the Sun Family and Chi Feng of the Red Phoenix Hall!
All four of them were unfathomable, and no one knew their exact strength.
The rumours about them in the community were only speculation!
“Gentlemen, today I have called you all to an alliance meeting again, mainly because of the Wei family’s matter, I think you all know the relationship between the Jiang family and the Wei family, so all of the Wei family’s industries, my Jiang family will take over, if you all have any Wei family’s industries that you like, you can tell me, I will just transfer them to you at a low price!”
Jiang Zhengzhong rose directly and said straight to the point!
There were dozens of people on the stage, and none of them said anything, who dared to oppose the Jiang family at this time? These people still understood the principle of shooting a bird in the head.
“Humph!” Suddenly, Red Phoenix let out a cold snort, “Jiang Zhengzhong, the rules of our alliance, when a business family collapses or collapses, all the martial arts families or martial arts schools within our Martial Alliance have the right to fight for and divide it up, you, as a director of the alliance, wouldn’t be unaware of that, right?”
Within the Martial Dao Alliance, no matter if it’s a martial dao family or martial arts school, they all have the cooperation of commercial families behind them, after all, these martial dao families and martial arts schools still need the support of these commercial families for their expenses, but these commercial families also need the martial dao families behind them!
But the alliance has rules, that is, no matter which martial dao family cooperates with the commercial family falls, all the resources of the commercial family, will be divided and fought over, only because of the special relationship between the Wei family and Jiang family, so although many people want to make a move on the Wei family industry, they have been slow to do so, depending on who makes the first move!
“Chi Feng, the Wei family and my Jiang family are not a partnership, the Wei family is my daughter’s, my daughter died tragically and her bones are still cold, how can I possibly let others divide up the Wei family estate?”
Jiang Zhengzhong looked at Chifeng with a face of anger and said through gritted teeth.