After a single bolt of heavenly lightning, Chen Ping had not moved a muscle, still holding the Dragon Chopper Sword in his hand!
Seeing this scene, many people were shocked, knowing that the power of this heavenly thunder was so terrifying that many people would be seriously injured if they were struck by it!
But Chen Ping had been struck and was not hurt at all, this body was too strong!
Rumble …………
After only ten seconds or so, another heavenly thunderstorm struck down!
This time the force of the heavenly thunder was even greater and stronger, Chen Ping only felt his internal organs tumbling!
“Chen Ping, it’s almost time, dodge away ……”
Hu Ma Zi shouted at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had withstood the Heavenly Lightning twice, if he stayed any longer, he would really be injured!
You have to know that the power of heavenly thunder was stronger than one at a time.
But Chen Ping didn’t move, he intended to withstand the power of the Heavenly Thunder once more and then find a chance to leave.
Boom …………
A third blast of heavenly thunder came down!
This time, the force of the heavenly thunder was even stronger than the previous two together, Chen Ping only felt his legs bend and he almost couldn’t stand!
But just as Chen Ping was feeling a little overwhelmed, he suddenly felt a strange aura emanating from the divine altar beneath his feet!
This aura was so strange that it slowly entered Chen Ping’s body along his feet, making him feel instantly relaxed!
Chen Ping was shocked and looked down at the altar beneath his feet, but it was just a pile of broken stones, and there was no spell formation on the stones.
But where did that aura come from?
Just as Chen Ping was at a loss for words, Hu Puzi leapt up and pushed Chen Ping off the altar!
Just as Hu Ma Zi had pushed Chen Ping off the altar, a heavenly thunderstorm struck down again, but this time it struck directly on top of that altar, sending rocks flying about!
“Chen Ping, are you stupid, why aren’t you moving, if you get hit by this one again, you’ll definitely be injured.”
Hu Ma Zi reprimanded Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Ge Jiayi hurriedly ran over and hugged Chen Ping tightly, her face full of worry, “Chen Ping, are you alright? Are you all right?”
At this moment, Chen Ping was still thinking about where that breath had come from, not moving a muscle, not even blinking his eyes!
Seeing this, Ge Jiayi hurriedly asked to Hu Ma Zi, “Master Hu, what’s wrong with Chen Ping? He hasn’t been blown silly by the heavenly thunder, has he?”
Pocky Hu waved his hand in front of Chen Ping, but Chen Ping was still stunned and motionless!
“I …… don’t know, I don’t think he’s really been struck dumb.”
Hu Pazi saw Chen Ping like this, also lost his mind for a moment!
Ge Jiayi hugged Chen Ping and cried.
At this time, Hong Qianjiu and the others also gathered around, that Zhu Hao opened his eyes above his head, there was still blue lightning flickering, he quickly roared in anger, “Chen Ping, you liar, you still made me kneel down, this heavenly thunder formation you also did not break?”
Chen Ping shouted as if he hadn’t heard him, while Hu Ma Zi glared at Zhu Hao and said, “Shut your f*cking mouth, now that heavenly thunder has been led to one place by Chen Ping, there will be no more heavenly thunder blasts elsewhere!”
“He’s risking his life to divert the heavenly thunder, why the f*ck are you still shouting?”
Pocky Hu’s scolding caused Zhu Hao to not say a word!
The crowd did see that the heavenly thunder only kept blasting at the divine altar, while the rest of the place became safe!
“The Heavenly Thunder Formation is no longer a threat, but how do we get out of here?”
When Hong Qianjiu saw that the Heavenly Thunder Formation was no longer a threat, he began to consider how to leave again!
Ning Zhi was guarding the outside with four Martial Saints, there was no way for them to rush out no matter what.
“I know, I know ……”
Suddenly, Chen Ping muttered, “There must be a secret under that divine altar, there must be ……”
With that, Chen Ping rushed towards the divine altar ……