“Old Yang, we all know the rules, you’d better hurry up, we’re all in a hurry.”
At this time, a cultivator said to the old man!
Obviously this cultivator was considered an old patron and should be familiar with it, otherwise he wouldn’t have said such words!
“Alright, then I’ll show you the first treasure!”
Old Yang finished speaking and then beckoned!
A staff member walked up carrying an item covered with a red cloth!
When the red cloth was lifted away, the crowd saw that it was a statue, only that the statue looked very ancient and old, and there seemed to be this speck of rust on it!
However, the moment the red cloth was taken away, an aura of vicissitude instantly filled the air!
Immediately after the old Yang into the statue into a spiritual qi, soon the statue flickered light, the light as Buddha light, let a person very comfortable!
Seeing this scene, many people cultivators became restless, even that Shen Ji Zi’s eyes were glowing and his bum left his seat!
“Could this be a sculpture of God and Buddha? I like this kind of thing the most, I’ve enshrined quite a few Gods and Buddhas in my home.”
Shen Ji Zi’s breathing became rapid as he said with some excitement!
Chen Ping did not say anything, but quietly watched!
“Gentlemen, this statue was found in a cave in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, you should also know that our Heavenly Demon Mountain was once a battlefield of Gods and Demons, and there were countless various great powers that fell in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, so it’s only natural that some treasures were scattered.”
“Now this statue is a bit broken and old, but there’s still some chi flowing on it, if anyone wants it, they can take it away for only five million spirit coins.”
“Of course, the highest bidder gets it, if anyone raises the price, it’s also possible, the reserve price is five million!”
Old Yang introduced to the crowd!
“What’s going on this year, this first item comes out with this kind of heavyweight stuff, it looks like it’s very much like an Immortal’s legacy.”
“Five million, the price isn’t too expensive, but it’s just a little too broken!”
“There should be something good behind it, wait and see!”
Many cultivators were whispering!
While Shen Ji Zi was a bit impatient to raise his hand, “I offer five million ……”
Chen Ping looked at Shen Ji Zi, this money grubbing guy, I didn’t expect to become generous, this broken statue, bid without hesitation!
Chen Ping looked at the statue, there was no way to recognise the real or fake, after all, they were all shielded from the breath, they could not emanate their divine sense to probe, relying solely on the naked eye to watch, it was impossible to see anything!
“This glance fake thing, surprisingly there are still people who really want ah ……”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
“This is fake?”Chen Ping froze!
“Of course, where does a divine Buddha look like this, and that light just now, is even less of a Buddhist light, a bunch of uninformed guys, surely they have never seen a real Buddhist light.”
“Using my Heavenly Underworld Eyes, I can see it at a glance ……”
After the Red Cloud Demon Monarch finished speaking, Chen Ping only felt that the world in front of him instantly changed colour!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch opened the Heavenly Underworld Eyes for him, at which point the statue appeared in Chen Ping’s eyes, while a pattern of lines appeared!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was staring at the statue tightly, and in his heart, he instantly understood!
Just now there was what Buddha’s light, and that aura of vicissitude, it was all because this statue had a very small array pattern engraved inside, and then by opening the array pattern through spiritual power, there would be that light!
Because these formations were inside the statue, they were not visible to the naked eye alone!
Looking at the fake Buddha statue, Chen Ping snapped to alert, it seems that this auction to confine their breath and not allow people to expose their breath is not for security reasons, it should be to facilitate them to sell fake goods.
After all, all can not emit divine sense breath to probe, but relying on the eyes is difficult to distinguish, in this way, can be blatantly selling fake, and do not need to be afraid of being found!