Immediately after that, a flash of disdain flashed in his eyes as he looked straight towards the talismanic seal at the very centre of the Bagua Formation!
“Playing with me in the art of talismans, you are too young!”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, and after the palm of his hand crossed, the talismanic seal in the centre turned into flying dust in an instant!
Along with that talismanic seal turning into flying dust, the light on the other several talismanic seals also instantly disappeared!
The entire Sword Wash Pool was plunged into darkness, and the individual Sword Puppets seemed to have lost their frenzy!
Although they were still attacking, they were obviously much weaker!
There were also some sword puppets that weren’t actively attacking anymore!
At this moment, everyone breathed a sigh of relief before looking at Chen Ping in unison!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?”
Sword Elder asked as he walked over with his sword in hand!
“I’m fine!”Chen Ping shook his head, “Sword Elder, what is going on in this secret room? And what about the formations in this secret room?”
But who knows, the sword old man shook his head, “I’m not sure, I only know that there are formations at the bottom of the Sword Washing Pool pool, as for the bottom of the pool to still have a secret room, I’ve never known that!”
“It seems that this secret room, and the formation, should also be the work of the ancestor of the Alchemy Sect.”
Chen Ping said!
“How could Mr Chen say that? If it was done by the ancestor of the Weapon Refining Sect, what purpose does it serve?”
An Alchemy Sect elder asked in disbelief!
“This secret room and the Five Elements Eight Trigrams Formation in the secret room should be a backhanded measure left by the Refining Weapon Sect’s ancestor, in order to prevent the Sword Wash Pool from being destroyed.”
“When the formation at the bottom of the Sword Washing Pool is destroyed, the Sword Washing Pool will lose its effect, and in this way, the formation in this secret room at the bottom of the Sword Washing Pool will open.”
Chen Ping explained!
“If that is the case, then why would this secret chamber trap us all? And there is still an evil spirit rising from this formation!”
“It’s impossible for our Refining Sect Elders to lay down a formation that possesses the Qi of Evil Sneak!”
Another Alchemy Sect elder said!
“The talismanic imprints in the formation of this Five Elements Bagua Formation have been tampered with, and that’s why the evil spirit aura is present in this formation.”
“This is also why that talismanic imprint in the formation was purposely protected by a formation, just now when I destroyed that talismanic imprint, the evil and sneaky aura disappeared, and all of these sword puppets were much quieter!”
Chen Ping explained!
“Mr Chen, in that case, wouldn’t this Sword Washing Pool of ours be useless?”
The sword old man asked with some sadness!
Chen Ping nodded, “Not bad, without this formation, the Sword Washing Pool will become just an ordinary pool of water.”
“Ai!”
Seeing Chen Ping say this, the sword old man could only lament!
The reason why the Artifact Refining Sect was able to create divine weapons was that apart from having the forging technique, they also had to rely on the Sword Washing Pool to wash them!
Now that the Sword Washing Pool had turned into an ordinary pool of water, then the Weapon Refining Sect was afraid that they would never be able to create a supreme sword again in the future!
“Sword old man, you don’t have to be too sad, I’ll try to restore that talismanic imprint, making this Five Elements Eight Trigrams Formation recover.”
“Perhaps it can’t be restored as before, but it can still allow this Sword Washing Pool efficacy to be retained.”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
“Really? Then thank you so much, Mr Chen!”
Upon hearing this, the sword old man immediately became excited!
“Thank you, Mr Chen ……” The other hurried elders of the Alchemy Sect hurriedly saluted Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had not only saved their lives, but had also helped the Alchemy Sect restore the Sword Washing Pool!
This kind of great favour, there was no way to repay it!
“Sword Elder, I hope that there will be no disturbance from the sword puppets while the formation is being set up.”
Chen Ping said!
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, even if we put our lives on the line, we will never let a single Sword Puppet come close!”
The sword elder hurriedly assured!
Only then did Chen Ping nod, and then his body slowly rose up, before closing his eyes and letting go of everything!
The entire body’s aura operated, all gathering at the fingertips!
As Chen Ping slid his fingers, a golden pattern appeared and then formed a single text.