“I don’t know, but when I was in the fusion of the supreme flames, it didn’t seem to move this much either, it might be because this Chen Ping has too many supreme flames!”
“Let’s go and see what’s going on ……”
The old Sect Master led Zhu Ling’s group of people straight to the Divine Flame Mountain!
When they arrived at the foot of the Divine Volcano, the crowd looked up and were surprised to find six different coloured auspicious clouds appearing in the sky!
These auspicious clouds coalesced above the Divine Volcano.
Immediately after, these different coloured auspicious clouds began to merge!
The Supreme Fire surrounding Chen Ping’s body was also fusing with each other!
At the top of Chen Ping’s head, the Fire Origin Star unexpectedly flashed out, constantly flickering with light!
Soon, countless rays of light filled the air, and the starlight was bright and brilliant, as if it was a river of stars!
Thousands of star rays continued to converge and then surged into Chen Ping’s Origin Star!
The people who saw this scene were all short of breath and dumbstruck!
They could sense that this was the aura of the Origin of Fire!
But how could Chen Ping have so many Origin of Fire at once?
The Six Dao Supreme Flames fused and then turned into Origin Power surging into the Origin Star!
The aura within Chen Ping’s body was climbing rapidly!
The colourful auspicious clouds slowly disappeared, and at the end of the day, a pure and incomparable Essence of Supreme Fire slowly fell from the top of Chen Ping’s head into his body!
Boom!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body instantly emitted a roar!
Accompanied by a wave of air that was visible to the naked eye spreading in all directions, the auspicious clouds that had just dispersed above his head unexpectedly coalesced!
Only, this time, it was not an auspicious cloud, but a black as ink thunderbolt cloud!
“Holy sh*t, could it be that Junior Brother is about to break through again?”
Wei Qing was going crazy when he saw this scene!
Chen Ping had clearly just made a breakthrough, it’s only been a few days ah, but he’s about to break through again!
Elder Yu glared fiercely at Wei Qing and said, “Asshole, this is the Sect Master, not Little Senior Brother anymore?”
“Right, right, Sect Master, Sect Master is too awesome, how did he break through so quickly?”
Wei Qing said as he changed his words in succession!
The old Sect Master as well as Zhu Ling and the others were also shocked!
However, this thunderbolt cloud was real, a lightning bolt crossed over and soon a thunderbolt rained down from the sky!
Chen Ping himself did not expect that using this Divine Flame Seal to fuse the Supreme Flames had caused his realm to instantly rise!
This was only the six Supreme Flames, if he had dozens of Supreme Flames, wouldn’t he be able to reach the peak of the Transition Realm in one go?
A thunderbolt came crashing down, constantly striking Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping was nothing but excited at the moment, and did not feel the slightest bit of pain from the thunder tribulation at all!
After the thunder tribulation had passed, Chen Ping’s body leapt into mid-air!
The aura of the sixth rank of the Transition Realm filled the entire Divine Flame Volcano!
Looking at the Divine Flame Seal in his hand, Chen Ping was overjoyed!
He did not expect that such a large amount of energy had been gathered in this Divine Flame Seal, allowing him to raise a realm at once!
However, after Chen Ping had raised his realm, it was obvious that the aura on the Divine Flame Seal had weakened quite a bit!
As his divine sense sank into his body, Chen Ping saw that within his Origin Space, the star of the Origin of Fire was emitting a dazzling light at the moment, this star of the Origin of Fire was much brighter than the other Origin stars!
Chen Ping slowly fell down, his introverted aura still could not cover the imposing momentum on him!
A mere sixth rank of the Transition Realm had a natural emanation of pressure!
It made people shudder!
“Chen Ping, you’re really great, I didn’t expect that you had continuously fused the Supreme Flame and even raised your realm!”
Zhu Ling happily ran over and said!
“Chen Ping, congratulations, it’s unheard of for you to raise another realm in just three days!”
The old sect master congratulated!
“Thanks to the old Sect Master’s guidance, and this Divine Flame Seal, or else I wouldn’t have been able to ascend so quickly.”
Chen Ping said with a smile!
In fact, Chen Ping knew that the reason why he was able to improve so quickly, following that Hong San also had a lot to do with it!
That Hong San had passed on his life’s work to himself, and with the addition of the Divine Flame Seal, it was only natural for Chen Ping’s strength to improve rapidly!