“Don’t be narcissistic, who misses you, I have something for you, come to Pan Long Wan Villa!”
Chen Ping said with a stiff upper lip.
In fact, they missed each other in each other’s hearts, even if they were separated for a single second.
“Hmph, just keep your mouth shut, what is it that you are giving me? Won’t you come to my house to give it to me?”
Su Yuqi said with a faint smile.
“This thing has to come from you personally, come quickly!”
Chen Ping finished and hung up the phone without waiting for Su Yuqi to speak!
In fact, Chen Ping called Su Yuqi to come over with his own purpose, he wanted to let Su Yuqi know that his parents were not at home, and then leave Su Yuqi behind to stay with him!
“Humph, this guy dares to hang up on me!”
Su Yuqi pouted her lips, got up, changed her clothes, and drove towards Pan Long Mountain Villa!
After arriving at the place, Su Yuqi cleaned up and then walked in with a smile on her face, because she knew that Chen Ping was with his parents, and when she ran into Chen Ping’s parents, Su Yuqi would have to speak with a smile on her face and be very respectful before she could do so! New Penjingge
But when Su Yuqi walked into the villa, she found that there was no one in the living room, only Chen Ping himself walked out from the kitchen.
Su Yuqi looked up and down again, seemingly looking for signs of Chen Ping’s parents!
If Chen Ping’s parents were at home, Su Yuqi could not be too casual!
“Don’t look, my parents went back home, they are not here!”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi’s look and said with a faint smile.
“Hoo……” Su Yuqi let out a sigh of relief when she heard that.
It was not that Chen Ping’s parents were not good at getting along with each other, it was just that in front of the elders, Su Yuqi always had to pay attention at all times and could not leave a bad impression on people!
“You are not small in guts, you dare to hang up on me!”Seeing that Chen Ping’s parents were not at home, Su Yuqi let herself go and went up to Chen Ping’s ear and grabbed it.
“Ouch!”Chen Ping let out a yell and hurriedly apologised, “I’m wrong, I’m wrong, I’ll never hang up on you again.”
Seeing Chen Ping admitting his mistake, Su Yuqi then loosened her hand, “What are you going to send me?”
Chen Ping took out the jade pendant, “You wear this on your body, when the time comes, if something happens to you, I will be the first to know!”
Su Yuqi took the jade pendant, looked around and said with surprise, “Why is it half? Where is the other half?”
“Fool, of course the other half is here with me!”Chen Ping pulled out his other half, then followed Su Yuqi’s pair, and it became a complete jade pendant, and when the two jade pendants were put together, it was surprising to be able to see a faint golden light constantly flickering outwards.
“Count your conscience!”Su Yuqi smiled and brought the jade pendant to her body, then continued, “Uncle and Auntie aren’t at home, who will cook and eat for you?”
“You, didn’t I call you here!”Chen Ping gave a bad smile.
Su Yuqi gave Chen Ping a blank look, “I don’t care about you, whether we are married or not, I am not your girlfriend, why should I cook for you!”
“You received my jade pendant, this is the token of love between us, you are now my girlfriend, in addition to letting you take care of me, it wasn’t me who said that, it was my mother who said that!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and gave that letter from Tang Hongying to Su Yuqi to read!
When Su Yuqi saw the last, Tang Hongying’s words about wanting to hold her grandson, her face turned red for a moment, then returned the letter to Chen Ping and said, “Since it’s what Auntie said, I’ll be here to take care of you for a few days, but let’s make a deal, one person, one room, you can’t do anything bad at night!”
“Don’t worry, you see I look like someone who does bad things!”Chen Ping saw Su Yuqi agree to stay, and was instantly happy!
At this moment, Chen Ping and Su Yuqi together was a young man in love, where could one see that he was a murderous and decisive person.
In the evening, Chen Ping sat on the sofa and slowly absorbed the heaven and earth aura, although the aura was very thin, but it was better than nothing, right, it was impossible to always have rare medicinal herbs for him to cultivate!