Along with Chen Ping going deeper and deeper, the icy cold aura became even more intense, and Chen Ping had to mobilise his Fire Origin to wrap his entire body!
Before even reaching the bottom of the pool, Chen Ping felt like he was about to consume a large amount of power!
“Damn, how did that Ye family kid enter the bottom of the pool?”
Chen Ping could not help but curse!
It was important to know that Chen Ping had a fire origin in his body, as well as the presence of the Supreme Fire, and it felt very difficult to resist this icy cold air!
And that Ye Feng, it was impossible to know the Fire Origin, yet how could he enter the Holy Pool for such a long time without anything happening?
Chen Ping was continuously diving down, while that Ye Liancheng’s face was gloomy and he was very anxious inside!
He knew that Chen Ping was definitely running towards his son!
Right now, Ye Liancheng must not allow Chen Ping to disturb his son from shedding his bones and reshaping his bloodline!
However, as Ye Liancheng entered the Holy Pool, along with the continuous descent, he also felt that the icy cold aura was becoming more and more dense, and his body could not withstand it!
At this moment, Ye Liancheng could only desperately use the spiritual energy in his body to protect his entire body, resisting the icy cold aura of the Holy Pool!
Ye Liancheng was a ninth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, so he could still carry it!
As for Ye Feng at this moment, he was already floating in the water with a flame surrounding his body!
And in Ye Feng’s hand, a fiery red bead was also emitting light!
Ye Feng’s face was grave as he continued to absorb the special aura within the Holy Pool, reshaping his bloodline!
At Ye Feng’s feet, it was still a deep, bottomless water, only Ye Feng was afraid and didn’t dare to go deeper!
The reason he was able to dive here was also because of the Fire Spirit Bead in his hand.
This Fire Spirit Bead was brought by those few demonic cultivators from the Inferno Demon lineage!
Ye Liancheng had taken the initiative to contact them, and these devil cultivators wanted to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance to reach a partnership, so they had travelled thousands of miles to come with the Fire Spirit Bead!
This was why Chen Ping wondered why he had come across the devil cultivators of the Inferno Devil Lineage from the Far North in the Southern Domain!
“In a few more hours, my bloodline will be remodelled, and then I won’t have to be locked up inside a dark and sunless hut anymore.”
Ye Feng was ecstatic inside!
For so many years, he had been living in the dark!
Fortunately, Ye Liancheng had discovered the Sacred Pool and knew the secret of the Sacred Pool, so he secretly killed the original owner of the Sacred Pool and commandeered the entire Sacred Pool!
Only the holy pool was protected by an array, Ye Liancheng had no way to break the array, which is why he contacted several array masters to open the array!
Unfortunately, the strength of these formation masters was too poor, and they were unsuccessful for a very long time, so Ye Liancheng called attention to the Sheng family’s head!
The Sheng Family has its own reputation in the Heavenly Demon Mountain area, and even in the entire Southern Region, so Ye Liancheng could not directly threaten them!
He could only lure the Sheng family to join the Demon Sealing Alliance!
This is why there was a scene where the two brothers, Sheng Tian Tai and Sheng Bushi, did not share the same political views!
Ye Feng didn’t know what his father had done for him, right now he was only thinking about remodelling his bloodline as soon as possible!
But just as Ye Feng was desperately absorbing the Holy Pool’s breath, he suddenly heard a sound of water flowing!
Ye Feng looked up and couldn’t see anything at all!
However, the sound was clearly visible, as if someone was swimming above his head!
“How could someone enter the sacred pool? Could it be father?”
Ye Feng’s heart was filled with doubts!
One must know that the special aura within this holy pool was limited, in order to increase the aura within the holy pool, Ye Liancheng had almost poured all the resources of the Ye family into the holy pool!
There was no way he would let anyone else enter the sacred pool!
Moreover, the icy cold inside this holy pool was not something that an ordinary person could withstand, if there was no special means to protect it, the cold would definitely enter the body and cause damage to the meridians!
All Ye Liancheng could not just enter the holy pool casually!