“En, I’m contacting Chen Ping, you immediately lead people to collect the resources within the clan.”
“If that Hu Yixiao really attacks in, burn the resources in one fire, absolutely not leaving them to Hu Yixiao.”
Liu Ruyan ordered!
She had already decided that if Hu Yixiao attacked in and there was no way to resist, then she would give Hu Yixiao a ruined Yuding Clan!
“As ordered ……,” the Third Elder nodded, though he led his men away!
At this moment, Chen Ping was speeding towards the Jade Tripod Sect, so fast as lightning that even his silhouette was almost visible!
Time was passing by, soon it would be a few hours, but the Third Elder and Nie Heng still hadn’t appeared!
“Patriarch Hu, it’s been several hours, how much longer do we have to wait?”
General Qi asked with some impatience at this point!
Hu Yixiao didn’t say anything, his brow slightly frowning as he looked within the sect!
At this moment, he faintly felt that something was wrong, in his opinion, the Third Elder would never be someone who would give in so easily!
What’s more, the Third Elder still held the method to open the Hidden Medicine Pavilion in his hand, so how could he give in so easily?
For all the years he had been the clan master, the Third Elder hadn’t even succumbed and set up a residence outside the clan alone!
In this short period of time, the Third Elder would have succumbed to the Second Elder?
Hu Yixiao couldn’t figure it out!
“Bad, f*cking fooled ……”
Hu Yixiao’s eyes suddenly widened as he finally reacted!
“General Qi, break the formation quickly, I’ve been tricked by these two guys!”
“This Nie Heng, as my eldest disciple, even cheated my master, when we break the formation and rush in, I will definitely break them into pieces.”
Hu Yixiao roared, anger rising up in his body!
Seeing this, General Qi waved his hands and numerous runes flew up once again!
Along with a golden light shining on the Mountain Protecting Formation, soon cracks began to appear on the Mountain Protecting Formation!
Rumble …………
With a loud bang, the Mountain Protecting Formation completely collapsed, while Hu Yixiao led his men to instantly rush into the Jade Tripod Sect!
Feeling the loud rumbling sound outside, Liu Ruyan and the Third Elder, they knew that the Mountain Protecting Formation had broken!
Liu Ruyan led his men and stood guard at the entrance of the main hall, while the Third Elder and Nie Heng led some of their men and stood at the front of the line!
Hu Yixiao angrily led his men to the door of the Great Hall, and looking at Liu Ruyan, who was protected in the middle, he instantly understood everything!
“You dare to deceive me, today I will make you all break into pieces ……”
Hu Yixiao roared in anger as his body’s aura continued to rise up!
“Hu Yixiao, how dare you bring outsiders to attack the Jade Tripod Sect, this is treacherous, do you want to follow in the footsteps of the Second Elder?”
“The Second Elder has already been put to death, anyone who wants to hit the Jade Tripod Sect will die ……”
Liu Ruyan said to Hu Yixiao with an icy face!
“The second elder is nothing, today I have brought General Qi from the Ming Li King City, he is a fifth grade of strength at the Combined Body realm, is he not comparable to that second elder.”
“Today, those who obey me will prosper and those who disobey me will die, those who are willing to submit to me now, stand over to me immediately, otherwise they will be killed ……”
Hu Yixiao said to the many disciples of the Jade Tripod Sect!
But the Jade Tripod Sect’s disciples, looking at each other, did not move, which made Hu Yixiao angry enough!
“Good, since you guys are the ones looking for death, then I will fulfill you all ……”
Hu Yixiao said, his body leapt up, and an unstoppable killing aura rose up steeply!
The third elder’s face was frozen, his body couldn’t help but tighten, because at this moment, the only one who could take on Hu Yixiao was himself!
“Hu Yixiao, don’t you dare to run wild ……”
The Third Elder likewise leapt up, and his terrifying aura also instantly burst out!
Just like that, Hu Yixiao and the Third Elder swung a punch in mid-air at the same time!