As the group pa*sed through the city, a chill rose in the hearts of all of them as they looked at the beastly pellets and some of the tattered armour and weapons!
And it felt eerie, even though no corpses could be seen here, but they could feel that this place must have gone through a brutal fight!
“I see, this Extreme Bliss City was probably destroyed by demonic beasts, no wonder there are so many beast pills here ……”
The old voice in Long Xiao’s mind rang out again.
“Demon beasts?” Long Xiao was secretly staggered, such a bullish Extreme Bliss City, but it was surprising that it was not destroyed by a demonic beast.
Are all the demonic beasts in that era that powerful?
Long Xiao bent down and casually picked up a helmet that had long been broken, and then fiercely pushed it.
But to Long Xiao’s surprise, this helmet had been through thousands of years, not only had it not decayed, but it was also so hard that Long Xiao, a Martial Marquis strength, had not been able to crush the helmet!
“It’s incredible ……”
Long Xiao was full of shock.
Seeing this scene, Ge Jiayi who was following behind was also shocked, so she bent down and casually picked up a broken treasure sword!
This treasure sword also experienced thousands of years, but there was not a single sign of rust, still light reflecting, half of the sword body emitting cold Qi.
Ge Jiayi broke it with great force, but the half of the sword did not move at all!
Ge Jiayi was inwardly shocked, even the weapons and armour used were so hard, so it could be seen that the people who used them had reached what terrifying level of strength?
And what realm were the people who were able to break these weapons and armour?
Thinking of this, a chill ran down Ge Jiayi’s back, and she wondered what she would encounter in a moment.
These Martial Marquis that they were so proud of, they might not even have a chance to escape here!
Soon, several people arrived at the entrance of the palace, gazing at the closed palace door, but for a while they didn’t follow and dared to push it open!
At this moment, Chen Ping inside the palace was getting anxious, he could feel that Zhu Zhishan and the others had already reached the door.
“Xiao Ru, if there is a fight later, you find a chance to escape, don’t stay here ……”
Chen Ping barked at Xiao Ru.
“Brother Chen Ping, are these people outside here to kill you?” Xiao Ru asked, puzzled.
Chen Ping nodded, “Yes, these people outside, they are the people from the Kyoto Martial Arts Union!”
When Xiao Ru heard this, she instantly said with an angry look on her face, “These are the people who captured Sister Yu Qi, aren’t they?”
Chen Ping nodded again, he had just told Xiao Ru about Su Yuqi’s capture as well.
“I’m not leaving, I want to kill these guys with you to avenge Sister Yu Qi ……”
Xiao Ru’s eyes were filled with anger, and her body actually emitted a faint white aura!
At this moment, Chen Ping actually felt a wave of cold air, constantly approaching towards his body, causing Chen Ping to follow Xiao Ru and pull away from her a certain distance!
It seemed that this ice crystal body of Xiao Ru had become even purer after all this time of freezing.
“Let’s hide first, we’ll see what happens later ……”
Chen Ping pulled Xiao Ru and hid behind the throne, and at this moment, the palace’s door was pushed open with great effort.
The palace door was pushed open, and what was reflected in front of people’s eyes was also a ground of beast pills, only these beast pills, obviously felt like they had just been taken out of the demon beast’s body, fresh and incomparable, and did not have that dusty and simple aura!
But no one cared about the beast pellets, instead their eyes looked around to see if there were any other treasures!
And the first time Long Xiao entered the door, he was attracted by the throne inside the palace, and his body couldn’t help but walk towards it.
“Hahahaha, this is a treasure, this is a rare treasure ……”
Long Xiao laughed loudly, but when he listened to his voice, he found that Long Xiao’s voice was odd and carried a bit of old age.
“Long Xiao, don’t move around ……”
When Zhu Zhishan saw that Long Xiao was actually heading towards that throne, he hurriedly shouted out.
He was aware of this, there were a lot of hidden weapons in this kind of ancient ruins, one could not just move the things inside, one had to be cautious.