Clang!
There was a crisp sound as Kawaguchi Kazuo’s fierce fist smashed into Chen Ping’s body, but it made a deafening crunching sound, while Chen Ping’s body was not hurt in the slightest!
The use of the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, as well as enduring the power of the Law in the Demon Spirit Sect, had all made Chen Ping’s body even more formidable!
“Do you islanders all like to sneak attacks? Are you afraid that you won’t be able to beat me?”
Chen Ping turned his head to look at Kawaguchi Kazuo, his eyes filled with contempt as he asked.
Seeing this scene, Kawaguchi Kazuo’s face turned incomparably ugly, and his eyes held a bit of disbelief!
But just as Chen Ping was about to walk forward, Kawaguchi Kazuo drew out the katana in his hand and swung it down, a slash of light containing a powerful force, bursting towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping turned around, facing the sharp blade, and calmly swung his fist!
This fist looked ordinary, but it contained the power to open up the heavens and the earth!
Boom …………
There was a huge sound, and the whole ground was shaken with smoke and dust!
The earth trembled as if it was an earthquake, and people from the surrounding kilometres ran out of the room!
That’s why Chen Ping wanted to hide away from the place!
There were so many residents here that it was very disruptive at night.
That ray of light from Kawaguchi Kazuo was instantly shattered by this mediocre punch from Chen Ping, and the terrifying blade disappeared!
Kawaguchi Kazuo was astonished, while in could see that Chen Ping was calm, as if he had known the result!
“Chen Ping, in such a short time, your strength has actually grown again ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said with a cold face.
“If you want to kill me, then use all your strength!”
Chen Ping said as he quietly looked at Kazuo Crosstalk.
Kawaguchi Kazuo looked at Chen Ping, his brow furrowed, Chen Ping’s strength seemed to have somewhat exceeded his prediction.
“Chen Ping, don’t be too happy ……”
Having said that, Kawaguchi Kazuo’s body suddenly surged up!
The katana in his hand even flickered with light, as if it was brewing with terrifying power!
Brush brush brush …………
The katana made a sound of scraping in the air.
“The Hundred Man Slash ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo let out a roar as the katana in his hand erupted with a burst of hyped up light!
In an instant, countless sword and light shadows burst towards Chen Ping!
These sword shadows were so powerful that the entire space began to distort, and the sound of breaking air was incessant!
These shadows of sabre light and sword slashed directly at Chen Ping’s body, sending out a trail of fire!
This was a rhythm to cut Chen Ping into mush!
Clang clang clang …………
Chen Ping didn’t dodge, allowing the blades to slash at his body again and again!
The invulnerable golden body began to crumble as pieces of scales fell off and disappeared!
In the end, Chen Ping was relying on his strong physical body to resist Kawaguchi Kazuo’s attacks!
“Break ……”
Only to see Chen Ping suddenly roar in anger as a radiant golden light erupted from his body!
The radiant golden light instantly illuminated the surroundings!
Boom boom boom …………
A stream of blades still swung out from Kawaguchi Kazuo’s katana, continuously hitting Chen Ping!
Chen Ping carried hard against Kawaguchi Kazuo’s hundred slashes, and at this moment the ground beneath him could not withstand it and began to crumble, cracks appearing one by one!
Boom …………
A golden ball of light suddenly erupted from Chen Ping’s body, and the golden light scattered in all directions instantly defeated Kawaguchi Kazuo’s blade!
And the place beneath Chen Ping’s feet instantly collapsed several meters deep!
Kawaguchi felt a terrifying force coming at him and hurriedly stepped back!
Looking at the smoke and dust in front of him, the corners of Kawaguchi Kazuo’s mouth lifted slightly!
“Too arrogant, to dare to withstand my Hundred Man Slash without resistance, arrogance has a price to pay ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo slowly walked towards the collapse!
When the smoke and dust cleared, Kawaguchi Kazuo found that in that deep pit, there was no sign of Chen Ping anywhere!