“Shut up!”
Long Wu glared at Wu Mei’er, clearly not wanting Chen Ping to know how precious the Body Tempering Pill was.
Hearing this, Chen Ping looked at Long Wu with a surprised face, he had always thought that the Body Tempering Pill was something that could be casually refined for a cultivator like Long Wu, but he had never thought that this Body Tempering Pill was also something that Long Wu had gone to great lengths to get, but he had given it to himself.
At this moment, Chen Ping knew that this Long Wu must have some kind of connection with him, or even be his own kin, thinking of this, Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with excitement when he looked at Long Wu.
“What you should know is already known, now leave Kyoto immediately, and do not come to the capital half a step before you board the Nameless Island on the 15th of July ……”
Long Wu said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping opened his mouth and wanted to say something else, but Long Wu directly led Wu Mei’er away, and in the blink of an eye, he had already disappeared from Chen Ping’s sight.
After looking at Long Wu’s disappearing back, Chen Ping froze for a while before he turned around and left, looking for a taxi before planning to go straight back to Hong Cheng.
He knew that if he stayed in Kyoto, he would definitely be in danger. It seemed that it would be very difficult for him to make a name for himself in Kyoto with his skills.
Sitting in the taxi, looking at the skyscrapers flying by, Chen Ping vowed in his heart, “Kyoto, I’ll definitely come back …………”
In Kyoto lies Chen Ping’s life, so Chen Ping will definitely come back.
In the meantime, in the compound of the Qin family, three bodies were placed in the middle, surrounded by many Qin family members, while a woman was lying on Qin Gang’s body crying in pain.
“My son, you died so tragically, how did you die, tell mother, who killed you, I will avenge you …………”
The woman was Qin Gang’s mother, seeing Qin Gang’s miserable state, she cried her heart out.
And at this moment, Qin Xiaotian, looking at his son’s corpse, his body was trembling uncontrollably, and his eyes turned scarlet red.
“Who, who is it? Who killed my son …………”
Qin Xiaotian roared angrily, the murderous aura from his body enveloping the entire courtyard, scaring those Qin family subordinates so much that they did not dare to speak and lowered their heads.
“Third master, I have investigated, at that time the young master had dinner and ran into Bai Zhan Tang and that Chen Ping, but according to the shopkeeper, the young master went out after a girl, and that Chen Ping didn’t even finish his meal and followed him out, leaving only Bai Zhan Tang at the restaurant, so it is likely that the young master was killed by that Chen Ping …… ”
The butler walked to Qin Xiaotian’s side and said in a small voice.
Hearing the word Chen Ping, Qin Xiaotian’s teeth clacked: “It’s this Chen Ping again, if I don’t kill him this time, I Qin Xiaotian vows not to be a man ……”
“Third master, that Chen Ping is not weak, and now he has fled Kyoto, otherwise we should wait until the master comes out of the gate ……”
The butler advised Qin Xiaotian.
“Even if he escapes to the ends of the earth, I will break his body into pieces ……”
Qin Xiaotian was filled with a murderous aura as he slowly took out a key from inside his coat pocket.
After the butler saw this key, his face changed: “Third master, you …… are not going to release the Four Great Vajra?”
“Not bad, this time I will make that Chen Ping, pay for my son’s life ……”
After Qin Xiaotian finished speaking, he took another glance at Qin Gang’s corpse and turned around to walk towards the backyard.
Seeing this, the butler was so frightened that he hurriedly stepped forward to stop Qin Xiaotian: “Third master, you must think carefully, only the old master can control those four vajra, if you release them, once they go berserk, the whole Qin family will suffer ……”