“Ninth Grade Pill God?”Chen Wenliang was directly confused upon hearing this!
It was important to know that pill masters also had ranks, pill masters were divided into Heaven and Earth, Xuan Huang, and each realm was also divided into nine ranks!
However, above the Heavenly Ranked Pill Masters was the Pill Esteem, and there were quite a few Pill Esteem in the Celestial Realm as well!
And above the Pill God is the Pill God, the name of the Pill God is only heard of!
After the God-Devil War, there hadn’t been a single Pill God in the Celestial Realm!
And now, that Pill God Island turned out to be the place where the Ninth Grade Pill God fell!
This is simply too frightening!
The fall of a Ninth Grade Pill God, there was no telling how many good things would be left behind!
As the saying goes, when a whale falls, everything comes to life. ……
Now Chen Wenliang regretted to death, had he known that he would have gone to that Pill God Island as well!
However, Pill God Island is far away from the mainland, the traffic is inconvenient and desolate, surely no one will go there!
“Hey, people are still really life ah ……”
Chen Wenliang sighed helplessly!
“President Chen, we’d better think of a foolproof plan, otherwise if we let the people on Pill God Island return, it would be a disaster for our Apothecary Guild.”
Elder Song said with a heavy heart as well!
“Elder Song, go back and tell your president first, I’ll be right there.”
Chen Wenliang let Elder Song leave first!
After Elder Song left, Chen Ping spoke with great curiosity, “President Chen, what’s going on with this Pill God Island? And those people on the island, are they all Medicine Masters as well?”
“That Pill God Island is actually a desolate island, just to the west of this Yongle City in the middle of the vast ocean, hundreds of years ago there were many pill masters, because of the lack of resources, there was really no way to cultivate, so they secretly learnt magic skills.”
“As you know, magic skills are very tempting to cultivators with a lack of resources.”
“Yes, I know!”Chen Ping nodded!
The average human cultivator cultivated by relying on heaven and earth aura, various spirit stones, various immortal herbs, and various pills.
However, the demonic skills cultivated by demonic cultivators, in addition to these things that could provide resources for cultivation, there was also blood, baleful energy, and even the breath of death, which could provide for cultivation, and even the absorption of other people’s cultivation!
In this way, cultivators who were short on resources secretly cultivated devil arts, and then relied on sucking human blood and absorbing other people’s cultivation to make their strength grow!
These people slowly became demonic cultivators!
Of course not all demonic cultivators are all evil and rely on sucking human blood and eating human flesh to cultivate!
“The matter of these pill masters cultivating demonic skills came to light in the east, and then they were collectively driven to Pill God Island by the major pill master associations, leaving them to fend for themselves.”
“But who knows that a few hundred years have passed, allowing these people to discover the place where the Pill God fell, directly causing their strength to skyrocket.”
“Now these people of theirs are afraid that their medical skills are going to be above us as well.”
“These people suddenly appeared and made the Apothecary Assembly go to Apothecary God Island, presumably because they wanted to use this to humiliate us, the Apothecary Guild!”
Chen Wenliang recounted somewhat helplessly!
“This is perhaps the will of heaven ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
At this point in time, Chen Ping could not say who was right and who was wrong, some people were not necessarily wrong for cultivating magic skills!
In the Celestial Realm, Chen Ping had come into contact with so many devil cultivators, and there were both good and bad!
In the Celestial Realm, the distinction between good and bad had become somewhat blurred, and Chen Ping himself was somewhat unable to tell the difference!
“Yes, this should be the will of heaven!”
Chen Wenliang smiled helplessly and nodded, then continued, “Fellow Daoist Chen, if you are looking for me, you can always go to the Western Region Apothecary Association, I should always be around these days.”
“With that, I bid you farewell, I’ll see you again ……”
“See you again ……”
Chen Ping arched his hand towards Chen Wenliang!
After following Chen Wenliang to part ways, Chen Ping went to look for Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan, the two of them were definitely waiting for him near the teleportation array!