Chen Ping desperately tried to escape from the magma wrapping around him, but the magma was like a quagmire, and no matter how Chen Ping struggled, he was unable to break free!
Chen Ping tried to use his Fire Origin to absorb the heat and flames around him!
But there was no way to absorb it, as if the flames in this magma were not one with his own Supreme Fire!
The Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body, under the heat wave, even began to shed a little bit!
Chen Ping knew that with the Unbreakable Golden Body falling off, there was no way for his physical body to resist the magma flames!
But just when Chen Ping was in despair, there was a sudden burst of coolness around him!
Only to see the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit that Chen Ping had obtained flickering with red light!
The red light of the Fire Essence Spirit flickered, and the heat waves and flames in the magma were quickly absorbed into the Fire Essence Spirit!
With this, Chen Ping instantly became comfortable!
“Kid, this is a heavenly opportunity, if you can refine this Heart of the Earth’s Flame, you will have one more type of Supreme Flame, which is much more powerful than your Origin Supreme Flame.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping was only focusing on being comfortable, and when he heard what the Red Cloud Demon Monarch said, his eyes instantly glowed!
Now that there was a Supreme Fire Essence Spirit absorbing the Earth Core Fire, Chen Ping could take the opportunity to refine some of the Earth Core Fire!
Without this Supreme Fire Essence Spirit, with Chen Ping’s current strength, not to mention refining it, he was afraid that he would have been burnt to ashes long ago!
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly closed as he sensed the blazing flames around him!
The Earth’s Heart Flame was bound and absorbed by the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit, so there was no way it could cause any harm to Chen Ping at all!
Chen Ping began to strip away a trace of the flames from the Earth’s Heart Flame absorbed by the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit, slowly absorbing the flames towards his body using his own Fire Origin Star Power!
Chen Ping did not dare to be greedy for more, after all, with his current strength, even if it was a trace of the Earth’s Heart Flame, he did not know if it could be tamed or not!
If this could not be tamed and refined, then the Earth’s Heart Flame would run amok within Chen Ping’s body, and that would be troublesome!
Chen Ping was very careful, slowly refining the Earth’s Heart Flame!
And at that moment, Patriarch Luo had already rushed out from the crack and returned above the ground!
Seeing Patriarch Luo, Patriarch Chen and those sect disciples were all very happy!
“Patriarch Luo, are you alright?”
Patriarch Chen went forward and asked!
“I’m fine, it’s just that …… it’s just that Fellow Daoist Chen he …………”
Patriarch Luo looked at the bottomless crack, and his expression turned sad!
Seeing Patriarch Luo’s expression, the crowd instantly knew what had happened!
Everyone was silent!
They knew that if it wasn’t for Chen Ping, none of them would have survived!
But now, Chen Ping had stayed in this great rift forever in order to save Patriarch Luo!
“We, the five great clans, will forever be indebted to Fellow Daoist Chen ……”
Patriarch Luo said sadly!
“Patriarch Luo, things have come to this, there is nothing we can do.”
“What about the second elder of this Ghost Fiend Sect?”
Patriarch Chen asked!
Now that hunchbacked elder was still in their hands!
Patriarch Luo stared angrily at the hunchbacked old man, if it wasn’t for the Ghost Fiend Sect’s sneak attack, how was it possible that so many disciples from their five great clans would have died!
And how could Chen Ping be trapped in the great rift with his life and death unknown?
“The beasts of the Ghost Fiend Sect all deserve to die ……”
“Throw him into the great rift and let him die without a burial place ……”
Patriarch Luo gritted his teeth and said!
When the hunchbacked old man heard this, he immediately pissed himself.
“Don’t, don’t kill me, I know I’m wrong, I promise I’ll never trouble the five great sects again.”
“And as long as you let me go, I can be your face’s eyes, whenever the Ghost Fiend Sect wants to deal with you guys, I will notify you in advance.”
The hunchbacked old man desperately begged for mercy!
It was hard to cultivate to this realm, he didn’t want to die!
Patriarch Luo didn’t listen to all of this, he was going to send all of his anger on this hunchbacked old man!
But just as he was about to throw the hunchbacked old man into the great crack, there was a sudden shaking of the ground!