At this moment, Su Yuqi and the girls, one by one, raised their hearts to their throats.
“Forced ……”
Qin Xiaolin suddenly roared, and the light in his hand immediately went towards Chen Ping.
In addition to a wave of heat, what was more serious was the tremendous sense of oppression, making Chen Ping feel like a mountain was pressing down on his shoulders.
The ring beneath Chen Ping’s feet began to burst open, followed by a violent collapse of the ring, and Chen Ping’s figure quickly fell beneath the ring.
And the light quickly reached the place where Chen Ping was standing and followed the gap in the ring, directly hitting Chen Ping’s body.
All the crowd could see was that light burrowing under the ring and disappearing, they simply could not see the current condition of Chen Ping who had fallen into the ring.
“It’s over, it’s all over ……”
“A Grand Master trying to win against a Martial Sect is just a fool’s dream after all ……”
“This Chen Ping is considered a genius, and that terrifying body is even stronger, it’s just a pity that he doesn’t know how to hold back, wasting this good body for nothing ……”
The crowd sighed as some people had already started to slowly get up and prepare to leave.
“Grand Elder, is it all over?”
Yu Dong asked as he looked towards Xu Changsheng.
Xu Changsheng said with slight disappointment, “It’s over, I originally thought that this Chen Ping could give me a surprise, a Martial Sect is a Martial Sect, a big realm gap, you can’t catch up by relying on strong physical bodies and techniques ……”
“Then why didn’t the Grand Elder just step in and save that Chen Ping so that he could ask for the pills from him?”
Yu Dong did not understand why Xu Changsheng did not save Chen Ping.
“Just that Qin Xiaolin’s strike just now, even if I had stepped in, I wouldn’t have dared to guarantee that I would be unharmed, I really didn’t expect the Qin family’s gongfu to be so overbearing ……”
Xu Changsheng said with a faint sigh.
At this moment, Qin Xiaolin in the ring, with endless arrogance and confidence in his eyes, swept a glance at the crowd around him, and upon feeling Qin Xiaolin’s gaze, all the people he saw all lowered their heads slightly.
After this battle, Qin Xiaolin’s ranking in the martial arts world would definitely grow a lot, and the Qin family would also follow suit, and its status in Kyoto could not be compared to the same day.
“Quickly welcome my big brother down …………”
Qin Xiaotian under the ring was so excited that he immediately ordered the Qin family’s underlings to come forward and form two rows to welcome Qin Xiaolin down to the ring.
But just as Qin Xiaolin turned around, ready to walk towards the ring, a burst of golden light suddenly shot out from the gap in the ring where Chen Ping was standing.
Everyone’s eyes instantly widened as they looked at the golden light that burst out, each one shocked.
Qin Xiaolin, who had originally stepped down from the stage, also stopped in his tracks at this moment, looking at the burst of golden light with an incredulous expression.
No one knew what was going on, but they could be sure that this golden light was definitely related to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s body slowly rose up from the gap in the ring, Chen Ping’s body was wrapped in golden light, as if a heavenly god had descended.
“Holy sh*t, this Chen Ping is not dead, is he going to become an immortal?”
“Is this Chen Ping an undefeatable little strong man, he’s too strong too.”
“Now there’s a hilarious sight to see!”
The crowd who were about to leave turned back, it seemed that there was still excitement behind this bout.
Chen Ping slowly stood up on the ring, and the golden light on his body slowly faded.
At this moment, not only did Chen Ping not appear to be injured in the slightest, he also appeared to have a lot more energy than he did just now.
“Qin Xiaolin, if this is all you’ve got, then let’s end it ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body violently surged up and catapulted directly towards Qin Xiaolin with a sandbag-sized fist, heading straight for Qin Xiaolin’s face.
This time, Chen Ping did not use fancy moves, just this simple punch, with a strong wind, because the speed is too fast, the surrounding air seems to be instantly drained.
Qin Xiaolin turned around hastily and directly raised his hand and threw a punch, ready to resist Chen Ping’s attack!