“Master Jin’s analysis is not bad, that Chen Ping’s strength level is not high, so he was able to fight with Feng Wuxian thanks to the treasures on his body!”
“But a person from the secular world has so many treasures on him, doesn’t it seem a bit unreasonable?”
Yao Qisheng also believed that Chen Ping would not be able to defeat Feng Wuxian!
“Let’s wait and see, this Chen Ping’s true strength will probably exceed our imagination.”
Han Fusheng said as he stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
When Han Qing’er was being bullied by Feng Wu Heng, Han Fusheng had been watching, but the rule was that they, the elders, could not participate!
Unless Han Qing’er conceded defeat, then if Feng Wuxian continued to hara*s her endlessly, Han Fusheng would be able to take action!
When he saw Chen Ping on stage for his daughter, Han Fusheng felt a lot better about Chen Ping!
Then he would praise Chen Ping on such an occasion!
“Mr. Chen has not yet used his full strength, otherwise that Feng Wu Heng would have already lost.”
Ginger Wu Ya slowly spoke up!
Ginger Wu Ya knew that Chen Ping still had a Flaming Tiger mount in his hand, if Chen Ping released the Flaming Tiger at this time, how could Feng Wu Heng be a match for the Flaming Tiger and Chen Ping together!
However, Chen Ping had not released the Flaming Tiger yet. It seemed that he was afraid of revealing his true strength so that he wouldn’t be missed by the weirdos!
Everyone looked at Ginger Wu Ya with a look of disbelief on their faces!
They didn’t believe Ginger Wu Ya’s claim. Chen Ping’s strength was only at the Third Realm of the Divine, and he was already very good at fighting Feng Wu Heng, so how could he have defeated him so quickly?
Since no one believed him, Ginger Wu Ya said nothing more, except for Ge Cang Sheng who was watching the action in the ring intently.
At this moment, Feng Wu-Hen in the ring looked a bit ugly and said to Chen Ping in a cold voice, “Kid, you are a secular cultivator, but I didn’t think you had a lot of treasures on you, but there is no way to make up for the difference in real strength with treasures.”
After Feng Wu Heng finished speaking, he stabbed the long sword in his hand, and a sword aura pierced through the mid-air, heading straight for Chen Ping’s head!
It seems that Feng Wuxing knew that Chen Ping’s undestructive golden body was incredibly hard, so this time he went straight for Chen Ping’s head!
And if this sword hits, Chen Ping will be dead!
“Chen Ping, be careful …………”
When Han Qing’er saw that Feng Wuxing had killed Chen Ping, she shouted out a warning!
On top of the stage, when Ge Cang Sheng saw that Feng Wu Heng had actually used a killing move, he also hurriedly said to Yu Qian, “Master Yu, that Feng Wu Heng has violated the rules and has directly killed him!”
We know that the purpose of the Secret Tournament is to compete with each other, to determine the winner and the loser, and to obtain resources, there is no deep hatred, so no one would kill!
“Ge Cang Sheng, this is a match between masters, a mistake is inevitable, and that Chen Ping is not a fool, won’t he dodge?”
The mountain sect’s secret realm, Wind Moon Valley, said with disdain!
“Feng Jing Yan, what do you mean? Was that a mistake on the part of your disciple? If anything happens to Mr. Chen, my Ge family will be finished with you!”
Ge Cang Sheng glared viciously at Feng Jing Yan and said!
“Hmph, your Ge family is nothing, in the Fire Gate Secret Realm, your Ge family is nothing, how dare you come here to threaten me!”
Wind Realm Smoke snorted coldly, despising the Ge Clan at all!
“You ……” Ge Cang Sheng was furious and his aura began to rise.
Windy Smoke didn’t show any weakness either, his aura instantly burst out!
“All right, this Secret Realm a*sembly is not a place for you to fight in arms!”
Yu Qian roared coldly, which made Ge Cang Sheng and Feng Zhen Yan retreat from their auras.
At this moment, on top of the ring, Chen Ping looked at Feng Wuxian’s sword, his feet gliding lightly, his body instantly like a phantom, constantly changing in the ring! -Chen Ping