Chen Ping still had his eyes tightly closed this time, as if he didn’t even know what was going on!
And Liu Xing and Liu Rui looked at Leng Wu Dao’s crowd nervously, their bodies were the breath began to rise, their bellies were bulging like balls, they knew that with just the two of them, to stop Leng Wu Dao’s crowd, it was just like hitting a rock with an egg, it was simply impossible!
So the two of them planned to blow themselves up right from the start, using the second to scare Leng Wu Dao and them into not daring to act rashly!
“Leng Wu Dao, if you dare to touch Mr. Chen, we will blow ourselves up, and no one will live.”
Liu Xing said loudly to Leng Wu Dao!
Looking at Liu Xing and Liu Rui like that, Leng Wu Dao laughed coldly!
“You two little dolls, do you think that you will make me afraid by blowing yourselves up?”
“You two blowing yourselves up is no different from setting off firecrackers, it won’t harm us at all.”
“If you don’t believe me, you two just try it, we also happen to listen to the ringing ……”
Leng Wu Dao sneered!
The others all gathered around Liu Xing and Liu Rui, with mocking smiles on their faces.
“Girl child, good-looking, oddly pleasant, what a pity to blow yourself up, you behave yourself and I guarantee you can live well.”
“You can enjoy yourself well by following me, I’ll feed you the Soul Selling Pill every day, to ensure that we both want to die of desire.”
Bao Yukun of the Pill Refining Sect looked at Liu Rui with a lustful glint in his eyes!
Looking at Bao Yu Kun like that, Liu Rui’s face turned red with anger and she stared at Bao Yu Kun with a deadly gaze, wishing she could bite him to death.
“Bao Yu Kun, you insulted my senior sister, today I will fight with you ……”
Liu Xing was so angry that he was about to explode, roaring angrily and rushing towards Bao Yu Kun, intending to follow him to the same death!
To know that Liu Xing had always liked Liu Rui, and the two were a recognized pair in the Pure Yang Sect!
Now that the girl he liked was being humiliated in such a way, any man would be furious.
But as soon as Liu Xing moved, he only saw Leng Wu Dao wave his hand, and a majestic aura instantly enveloped Liu Xing!
This aura was like a shackle, making Liu Xing unable to move even a single movement!
“In front of me, you are not even qualified to move, and you still want to explode yourselves, and you still want to threaten me? Are you worthy?”
Leng Wu Dao looked at Liu Xing and said with a disdainful expression.
At this, Liu Xing and Liu Rui both turned red in the face, not knowing what to say!
Under the absolute strength gap, they did not even have the qualifications to blow themselves up.
“Gang Leader Leng, leave that girl doll to me, you can see to the disposal of the rest ……”
Bao Yu Kun said to Leng Wu Dao.
“Good, but Master Bao must know how to show mercy, there are quite a few people behind you who are salivating for a taste!”
Leng Wu Dao said with an evil smile!
“Don’t worry, as long as you take my Soul Selling Pill, one female child can satisfy all of us ……”
Bao Yukun finished speaking and walked towards Liu Rui with a lecherous smile on his face!
“Bao Yu Kun, I’ll day your ancestors, if you dare to touch my senior sister, I won’t spare you even if I’m a ghost ……”
Liu Xing’s eyes were wide open, his body trembling with rage, hissing at Bao Yu Kun “Kill me now if you have the guts, kill me now ……”
“Kid, the more you curse, the more excited I get, later I will let you see with your own eyes, how your own senior sister turns into a lustful girl.”
“It’s a pity that your master Yue Buqun is not here, otherwise I would show him how his own female disciples, serve us.”
“Hahahahahaha …………”
Bao Yu Kun laughed out loud, the others were also laughing wildly, all of them looked at Liu Xing and Liu Rui as if they were looking at their prey.
Liu Rui was angry and ashamed, but at this moment she was also controlled by that aura of Leng Wu Dao, there was no way for her to move or explode herself!
“b*****ds, you bunch of beasts, even if I die, I will not let you have your way ……”
With that, Liu Rui actually opened her mouth and was about to bite her tongue!