Hearing Zuo Tianzheng’s words, everyone was silent as they didn’t really know how to deal with it!
Daoist Master Wuji, as well as the disappearing Sun Moon City, were all unknown forces to them, and although each of these demonic cultivators were at the Mahayana realm, they knew nothing about what strength the other party had!
However, that Wuji Daolord’s single shadow had made the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm’s Patriarch Zhou lose, so it could be imagined how terrifying the Wuji Daolord’s original strength would be!
Seeing that the crowd was silent, Zuo Tianzheng continued, “Now that that Chen Ping has even followed Old Taoist Wuji and Sun Moon City are all connected, he must not be allowed to develop any further.”
“Therefore, I have decided to exterminate this Chen Ping first, eradicating the big problem in my heart, and then I will go and deal with that Wuji Old Dao.”
“Allied Lord, then where is Chen Ping now, we don’t even know, where to find him?”Patriarch Zhou asked!
“He went to the Western Region Xiao Dynasty ……”
Zuo Tianzheng said!
Hearing the three words Xiao Imperial Dynasty, Patriarch Zhou also stopped speaking, and the others were also silent!
If Chen Ping was somewhere else, these people would definitely actively take on this errand, as long as Chen Ping was captured, it would be a great achievement!
But if Chen Ping was in the Xiao Dynasty, none of them would dare to go!
After all, in the Celestial Realm, the only force that could follow the Demon Sealing Alliance was the Xiao Dynasty!
Moreover, if Xiao Dynasty can exist for so many years and become more and more powerful, it definitely has its own heritage!
Maybe their Demon Seal Alliance might not be able to defeat the Xiao Dynasty!
So at this time, no one dared to go to Xiao Dynasty to find Chen Ping.
Maybe they would even get hitched in it.
Seeing that no one spoke, Zuo Tianzheng then smiled slightly and continued to speak, “Gentlemen, do you think that our Demon Sealing Alliance is almost interesting compared to Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
No one spoke, but that expression said it all!
The Demon Sealing Alliance was in the end just an alliance of some forces cobbled together!
On the other hand, the Xiao Dynasty was a dynasty controlled by the Xiao Family, with many cities and armies under their control!
These forces, how can they be a patchwork of forces to fight against?
Zuo Tianzheng glanced at Elder Chu, and then Elder Chu spoke, “The Xiao Imperial Dynasty does have a huge power, but the Xiao Imperial Dynasty has one of the deadliest flaws, and that is the battle for the throne.”
“Xiao Emperor’s eldest son, Xiao Feng, has been crazy for a woman, and Xiao Emperor has searched for pharmacists all over the world in order to cure his son, although he was cured, but this eldest son, Xiao Feng, has no more power and prestige in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
“And the Xiao Emperor also has a second son Xiao Jian, but is a person of wisdom and courage, the strength is even reached the Mahayana realm third grade, regardless of the strength and strategy, far more than that eldest son Xiao Feng.”
“Only Xiao Jian is a concubine, is the Xiao Emperor drunk, and a servant girl born, so very few people know the existence of this second son Xiao Jian.”
“This Xiao Jian was placed by Emperor Xiao to guard the small town of Cangwolf in the western borderlands, and has long been disgruntled, so we can take the opportunity to disintegrate the Xiao Imperial Dynasty internally, so that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty will no longer have the energy to protect that Chen Ping.”
“I used to send someone to contact that Xiao Jian in advance, and I will personally go this time, as long as we win over that Xiao Jian, and our Demon Sealing Alliance helps him to take over the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, then the Xiao Imperial Dynasty and our Demon Sealing Alliance will be allies from now on.”
“Just ask the entire Celestial Realm, who else can be an enemy of our Demon Sealing Alliance?”
Elder Chu spoke with great excitement, as if the Demon Sealing Alliance was about to unify the Celestial Realm.
When the many devil cultivators heard Elder Chu’s words, they all looked at each other in disbelief because they had never heard of Emperor Xiao having a second son.
However, this was also Elder Chu’s superiority, a lot of information could not escape his eyes, once when protecting Zuo Tianzheng’s son, Zuo Xuan, in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, Elder Chu had used array deduction!
Only Chen Ping this guy has a lot of unknown karma on him, so much so that Elder Chu’s array deduction was broken by Chen Ping!