There were many cultivators in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and a large number of people were breaking through realms every day!
Xiao Feng soon gathered more than a hundred people, these people were at different realms, but they had all reached the proximity point of breaking through the realm!
Xiao Feng gathered these people on a hilltop, away from the Imperial City!
If one of these people was not in good control, when the Thunder Tribulation raged, it would be troublesome!
After all, there had never been such a move in the Celestial Realm where hundreds of people had triggered a lightning tribulation at the same time!
“Mr Chen, get ready, when you are ready, I will let them break through and invoke the Thunder Tribulation!”
Xiao Feng said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded and casually drew a formation pattern before wrapping the entire mountain!
No matter what realm one was in, during the time of the tribulation, it was the most vulnerable time!
If an enemy appeared at this time, it would be troublesome!
“Let’s begin ……”
Chen Ping said!
Xiao Feng then said towards the hundreds of cultivators, “Begin ……”
Accompanied by Xiao Feng’s words, the sky instantly attracted a large, blackened thunderjack cloud!
The thunder tribulation clouds continued to pile up and finally the entire sky turned black, unable to reach out and see!
Only in the midst of that thunder tribulation cloud, a thunderbolt danced like a python, and a sound of thunder resounded through the sky.
The scene in front of them was like the end of the world, causing Xiao Feng and Xiao Yuanshan to worry!
“Mr Chen, is this …… this okay? Will it be too dangerous?”
Xiao Feng asked!
“There is no harm, you guys better hide far away ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and instantly turned into a white light and disappeared in place, and when he reappeared, he had already appeared underneath that thunderbolt cloud!
Countless thunderbolts began to become violent, and then the thunderbolts that were thicker than a bucket blasted straight towards Chen Ping!
The hundreds of cultivators below had all gathered their Qi and concentrated, not daring to be the slightest bit careless!
Although there was Chen Ping above to resist the lightning tribulation, if Chen Ping could not resist it, and such a powerful lightning tribulation struck them, it was estimated that they would have to go up in smoke!
The thunder tribulation of hundreds of cultivators converging together was just too terrifying!
Chen Ping did not have the slightest worry about the bucket of thunderbolts, these people’s thunder tribulation was simply too weak compared to Chen Ping’s own thunder tribulation!
The Origin Space within Chen Ping’s body opened up, and the stars of the Lightning Origin flashed with a piercing light!
A powerful force of Thunderbolt Origin erupted from within his body!
As the Thunderbolt Origin spread out, Chen Ping felt that his body was slowly changing!
The lightning origin was slowly merging following the thunderbolt in front of him, and at the same time, the power of the three clans within Chen Ping’s body unexpectedly reacted in the slightest!
Rumble …………
Countless thunderbolts bombarded Chen Ping’s body without the slightest pause!
While a hundred miles away, Xiao Feng and Xiao Yuanshan nervously watched this scene, they did not know if Chen Ping could carry it off!
At the same time, in the void thousands of miles away from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, three figures quietly emerged, their gazes piercing through the layers of clouds and mist, looking straight at the distant Xiao Imperial Dynasty, their faces brimming with excitement that was difficult to conceal.
The person in the lead was a handsome man dressed in a gorgeous brocade robe, which was embroidered with elaborate dragon and phoenix patterns, highlighting his honourable status.
His face was like a crown of jade, his eyes were like bright stars, and the corner of his mouth was hung with a playful smile, as if everything was under control.
On his left side, was a man with a sturdy figure, holding a huge meteor hammer.
This meteor hammer weighed ten thousand jin, with several chains wrapped around its body, flashing with cold light, as if it could easily tear through space. His body was gnarled with muscles, and his strength was boundless, at a glance, he was a power type powerhouse.
On his right side, there was a man with a thin figure and stern eyes, holding a fiery red spear, the body of which was as red as a flame, and the tip of the spear seemed to contain a blazing fire, capable of burning all things.