This palm, slapped directly towards Chen Ping, who was now trapped and had no way to deal with this palm!
“Do you really think that you can trap me like this?”
With a cold laugh, one could only see a golden light flickering on Chen Ping’s body, followed by a holy and pure light rising up into the sky!
Those black shadows that had trapped Chen Ping instantly flew into dust and smoke under this light!
And Chen Ping gently slapped out his palm, directly shattering Long Xiao’s majestic palm!
“So the soul spirit inside you is a demonic dao ……”
Chen Ping looked at the black shadow behind Long Xiao and said coldly.
Long Xiao’s face was ugly to the extreme, this Chen Ping had just turned out to be deliberately pretending to be trapped, it seemed that he had been happy for nothing.
Long Xiao had used almost all of his strength now, yet he couldn’t help Chen Ping at all!
Now even his soul had truly fused, yet he still had no way to do anything to Chen Ping!
Long Xiao couldn’t understand why this Chen Ping was so strong, why was he able to overpower him at every turn?
Long Xiao’s face was ugly, and the soul behind him was even uglier than him!
The reason he had followed Long Xiao’s true fusion was so that he could kill Chen Ping!
But he didn’t want Chen Ping to pretend to be trapped.
Now, after the soul had truly fused with Long Xiao, it would be life and death together, and when Long Xiao died, the soul would also be scattered.
After living for thousands of years and dreaming of rebirth, how could this soul accept it if it flew away like this?
“I will never allow defeat ……”
Long Xiao roared, but the voice that came out was very old and hoarse!
Chen Ping knew that this was the voice of that soul spirit!
Soon, only a wave of the whisk in the spirit’s hand was seen, and above their heads, a huge black hole appeared, which carried an endless suction force, intending to suck Chen Ping inside!
With the appearance of the black hole, an aura that made the heart and soul tremble, was spreading as everyone tensed up!
“All things are born, all things perish, all things have a place to return ……”
Long Xiao kept chanting something under his breath, while the aura emanating from that black hole was becoming more and more terrifying!
Chen Ping tilted his head and looked at the black hole, and a hint of gravity finally appeared on his face!
“Is this an attempt to send me away?”
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly, “But I break this space ……”
Chen Ping’s body leapt up and headed straight for that black hole.
While leaping up, an endless golden light emanated from Chen Ping’s body.
“Holy Light Fist …………”
A white weave of holy light kept heading towards the black hole!
The Holy Light Fist was also an ancient art that had been pa*sed down to Chen Ping by an old demon who had survived for thousands of years, so naturally the mysteries within it were unfathomable!
Even Chen Ping himself could not fully comprehend the mysteries of the Holy Light Fist!
A ray of holy light was swallowed up by the black hole!
“Hahahaha, it’s useless, this is the summons of the hell, nothing, nothing can stop it.”
The spirit laughed loudly.
Chen Ping did not make a sound, but kept waving his fist towards that black hole, and a holy light disappeared within it!
Soon, the heavens and earth trembled for a while, followed by the entire sky becoming started to distort, as if it was being pulled with great force.
Boom …………
A white light burst out of the black hole, a light comparable to the sun.
And the black hole disappeared without a trace in an instant under this violent white light!
The light gradually faded away, and the sky returned to its original form!
Long Xiao was dumbfounded, and the spirits behind Long Xiao were also dumbfounded ……
“That’s it?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
After saying that, Chen Ping’s body leapt up, followed by a surge of golden spiritual energy smashing towards Long Xiao!
Boom!
This punch directly smashed Long Xiao’s mouth and spat out blood, while the spirit behind him, too, faltered in form and became dim.
“Fight to the death, you and I can’t escape ……”
The soul spirit said to Long Xiao as if resigning to his fate.