Bing Lu also led the people to collect the beast dans of the other four Snow Treading Cloud Beasts.
With this extremely rare demonic beast, the beast dans were very precious!
“Alright, let’s hurry up and leave, it’s not advisable to stay here for a long time, but we all need to be in good spirits for the road behind us!”
Chen Ping said to the many Holy Maidens.
After all, there was no one left to explore the path behind, and there was no telling what other dangers there might be.
Bing Lu and the girls nodded, and then followed Chen Ping as they continued to advance.
Just a short while after Chen Ping and the others had just left, Mu Yao arrived with the Mu Family.
Seeing the corpses on the ground, everyone in the Mu Family’s head was also numb.
“Uncle Mu, these can be the corpses of the disciples of the Broad Cold Palace, as well as those scattered cultivators who were tricked into coming here, I’m afraid that none of them have survived this.”
A Mu family member said to Mu Yao!
Mu Yao, on the other hand, frowned slightly, his expression becoming grave.
This hadn’t even reached the Polar Regions yet, but so many people had died, surely they had encountered something terrible, or a demonic beast.
What exactly was it that made so many people die?
“Keep going, everyone pay attention.”
Mu Yao led the crowd to continue forwards, and soon discovered the Snow Treading Cloud Beast that had died a horrible death.
“Treading Snow Cloud Beast, this is the Treading Snow Cloud Beast ……”
When the Mu family members saw the Snow Treading Cloud Beast, they all shouted in shock.
After all, this kind of demonic beast could not be seen for many years, and there were people who said that it had become extinct.
“So many Treading Snow Cloud Beasts have been killed, and the Beast Dans have been taken, could it be that those Holy Maidens of Guanghan Palace did it?”
Mu Yao looked at the corpses of the dead Snow Treading Cloud Beasts, and surprisingly, there was some nervousness within his heart.
If these Snow Treading Cloud Beasts were truly killed by the Holy Maiden of the Broad Cold Palace and Chen Ping, then the strength of these people could not be underestimated!
“Uncle Mu, it should be the work of those Holy Maidens of the Broad Cold Palace, after all, they are the only ones in front of us.”
“It seems that Missy guessed correctly, that Broad Cold Palace’s Palace Master is quietly developing Saint Daughters, it should be because he wants to fight against our Mu Family.”
“This Broad Cold Palace has just started out and is relying on our Mu Family, but I didn’t realise that it was secretly developing behind our backs.”
A Mu Family member said.
“No matter how much the Broad Cold Palace develops, it can’t possibly be a match for our Mu Family, our Mu Family has developed for thousands of years, while this Broad Cold Palace has only just started.”
“After this Polaris, I will directly report to the family head and exterminate this Guanghan Palace. ……”
When Mu Yao finished speaking, he then waved his hand and the crowd continued to advance!
Chen Ping and the others were still not even aware that there were people from the Mu Family following behind them, getting closer and closer towards the pole!
But just as they immediately arrived at the pole, above the white snow, a row of footprints unexpectedly appeared.
Looking at the footprints very clearly, it was obvious that they were just stepped on, if they were stepped on very early, they should have been covered by the snow.
“Mr Chen, is this someone who got there first?”
Bing Lu looked at the footprints and asked with a nervous expression.
Chen Ping did not say anything, instead he squatted down and carefully looked at the footprint, his palm gently stroked the footprint, and a huge wave of divine sense instantly surged towards the direction of the footprint!
As for Lan Yingying, who was walking hard in front of her, she was violently surrounded by a wave of divine sense, and her entire body became tense!
She had injuries on her body and had managed to escape from the mouth of that Snow Treading Cloud Beast, but now she didn’t want to be targeted again!
Lan Yingying didn’t know who was staring at her, but she knew that once she was caught, there was no need to think about the consequences!
As a female cultivator, if she was injured and captured, all that awaited was endless humiliation!
Blue Yingying gritted her teeth and walked forwards desperately, as long as she entered the polar region, she might still have hope of survival!
After all, the polar region was full of dangers and infested with all kinds of demonic beasts, Lan Yingying would rather face the demonic beasts than other cultivators!
Often times, people were more terrifying than demonic beasts!