“Dad, mum, I’m back ……”
Just as Wang Changfeng finished his words, he heard Chen Ping shout!
The moment everyone heard that Chen Ping had returned, they all got up to welcome him!
When Chen Ping saw so many people coming to the house, he couldn’t help but be stunned!
“Chen Ping, are you all right ……”
Tang Hongying pounced on him and kept feeling around with both hands to see if Chen Ping was hurt!
“Mom, I’m fine, fine, I’m just hungry, I haven’t eaten yet!”
Chen Ping said with a smile on his face.
“Just as long as you’re fine, just as long as you’re fine, mum will go and prepare your meal ……”
Tang Hongying had a happy face.
“Hongying, I’ll go with you ……” Wang Changfeng helped Tang Hongying into the kitchen!
“Uncle Sun ……,” Chen Ping shouted at Sun Fuhai!
“Chen Ping, are you really alright?” Sun Fuhai surveyed Chen Ping: “As soon as Xiaomeng came back, I felt bad, because I knew that the Porsche was the car of the young master of the Xiao family, and you followed that Xiao Lei and had a problem, he would definitely not spare you, but unfortunately, no one I know dares to offend the Xiao family, so I could only do nothing …… ”
“Uncle Sun, it’s really okay, don’t you see I’m fine, thank you Uncle Sun for worrying about it ……”
Chen Ping was still grateful to Sun Fuhai for worrying about himself like this!
“Since it’s fine, it’s getting late, let’s go too ……”
After Sun Fuhai finished speaking, he took Sun Xiaomeng and left.
Although Sun Xiaomeng didn’t say anything, but Chen Ping could see the worry for himself in Sun Xiaomeng’s eyes!
Chen Ping ate and then rested, Wang Changfeng also rested for a while and left!
The next day, Chen Ping went to Pan Long Bay for another day of training, although the progress was not great, it was better than nothing!
When Chen Ping arrived at work on Monday, he noticed that there was something wrong with the atmosphere in the sales department!
“Every Monday, Mr Xing always gives us a meeting, why is there no movement today?”
“Yes, I’ve been here for three years and there hasn’t been a time when there hasn’t been a meeting, what’s wrong with today?”
“General Manager Xing is not sick, is he?”
The crowd in the sales department were all whispering.
“Alright, stop discussing blindly, we’ll know what’s going on when Zhiyuan comes back later!”
Sun Xiaomeng said to the crowd!
Soon, Cui Zhiyuan came back, with a document in his hand!
“Manager Cui, what’s going on with Mr. Xing?”
“Yeah, I don’t even seem to see him at work today!”
“On Friday, I heard that Mr. Xing left before he got off work ……”
The crowd asked to Cui Zhiyuan.
“Chief Xing was fired and has left the company ……”
Cui Zhiyuan said with a somewhat hammered head.
After all, following Xing Jun for many years together, Cui Zhiyuan had not seldom flattered Xing Jun, he was still hoping to climb to the position of purchasing manager by relying on the contract signed by Chen Ping, this time Xing Jun was fired, his hopes were dashed!
“Ah? Why? Who is going to be the general manager then?”
“This is too sudden, we haven’t got any news!”
“That’s right, once Mr. Xing leaves, if someone else is sent in, we’ll have to suffer!”
“The new official has three fires in office, let’s wait to be burned!”
The crowd was talking.
“Shut up, all of you!” Cui Zhiyuan bellowed angrily, he was already depressed enough, these guys were still chattering!
Everyone shut up and looked at Cui Zhiyuan in silence!
“No matter who comes to be the general manager, our sales department must be of one mind, only then will no one dare to bully us ……”
Cui Zhiyuan was afraid that the new general manager would give him a hard time, so he thought of pulling these people in the sales department together in advance!
“Yes, we listen to Manager Cui and work together ……”
“We’ll fight wherever Manager Cui points, we’ll only listen to Manager Cui alone!”
“Don’t worry, Manager Cui, we only listen to you ……”
All the people in the sales department said they would be loyal to Cui Zhiyuan!