“Your sister is quite good, there’s just one thing, why don’t you kid tell the truth?”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Xiong Cuo!
Xiong Cuo froze, “Mr. Chen, I don’t know what I’m not telling the truth about?”
“Your sister is obviously very pretty, why did you say that your sister is average?”
Xiong Ying could be considered a beautiful woman, but this guy Xiong Guo even said that his sister was average!
“Is there? I really think that my sister is very average ah, there’s nothing pretty about her.”
Xiong Guo said with an innocent face!
Looking at Xiong Cuo’s appearance, Chen Ping was also speechless, it looks like for his own side of the closest relatives, may really not find the beautiful side!
After all, living together all day long, all you see are the shortcomings, and it is not good to say that there are often fights!
“You go to the Immortal Spirit Stone vein, your sister is there, I’ve already found someone to mine the vein.”
“But don’t worry, there will be a share of you in it as well.”
Chen Ping let Xiong Guo leave the city and go to the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, after all, the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein was what Xiong Guo had discovered, so Chen Ping couldn’t just kick him out!
Moreover, Xiong Broad is still in the Mahayana realm strength, compared to the youngest sibling and Xiong Ying, the strength is still a bit higher, also able to supervise that Qian Yue!
After Xiong Gao left, Chen Ping went back to Xing Mansion, he also intends to take advantage of these days of leisure, using the resources in hand to seize the time to cultivate!
Striving to break through to the Mahayana realm as soon as possible, only when he reached the Mahayana realm would he be able to not be afraid of these people in Beast City!
But Chen Ping did not know, at this time in the immortal spirit stone vein, Qiu Tu has long led people arrived!
Looking at the flickering light of the immortal spirit stone, Qiu Tu not to mention how happy!
The youngest sibling and Xiong Ying, all were controlled up, they are only the threshold realm cultivators, so the face of the Mahayana realm cultivators, they do not even have the ability to fight back!
“Mr. Qiu, now that we have the Immortal Spirit Stone vein, we’ll be able to make a fortune.”
Qian Yue excitedly looked towards Qiu Tu and said!
“You’ve done well, our Qiu Mansion will definitely not treat you poorly.”
“I didn’t expect that you just joined our Qiu Mansion and made such a great achievement, I wonder how you found this Immortal Spirit Stone vein? ”
Qiu Tu asked to Qian Yue!
“Sir Qiu, it was a cultivator called Chen Ping who wanted to cooperate with me in mining this Immortal Spirit Stone vein, so he brought me here.”
“But he didn’t know about me having joined the Qiu Mansion ……”
Qian Yue said!
“Chen Ping?”When Qiu Tu heard this name, his brows immediately furrowed!
“Sir Qiu, that Chen Ping is the murderer of your brother, he is the one who took your brother’s Beast Dan with his sword.”
The youngest sister’s brother was at the side and hurriedly said loudly!
Brother Missy knew that if they didn’t choose to side with Qiu Tint at this time, they probably wouldn’t survive!
So he directly betrayed Chen Ping!
“Brother, what are you babbling about?”
Seeing that her brother had betrayed Chen Ping, the youngest sister was furious: “Are you still not a human being, you were able to come out of the prison, but it was all due to Chen Ping’s merit!”
“What credit or not, saving your life is important ……”
The youngest brother is now only thinking about staying alive!
Qiu Tu glanced at the youngest sister brother, the corner of his mouth revealed a cold smile, “Release him ……”
The youngest sister’s brother was released and immediately ran to Qiu Tu with a flattering face, “Mr. Qiu, I am also willing to serve the Qiu House, I hope Mr. Qiu can give me a chance!”
“You follow that Chen Ping very well?”Qiu Tu asked as he looked at the youngest sister’s brother!
“Sort of familiar, that Chen Ping slept with my sister, so we are sort of close.”
“But my sister is also forced, that Chen Ping is very strong, our siblings can only follow him around to endure.”
The youngest sister’s brother opened his mouth at this time, lying without blushing!
Obviously he had forced the youngest sister to sleep with Chen Ping, but now he was saying that Chen Ping had forced him!
He said this, just to gain the sympathy of that Qiu Tintu!