“Do you guys like to blow yourselves up that much?”
Just at this moment, a ghostly voice came from the direction of the mouth of the Valley of the Wicked.
Everyone was startled and hurriedly followed the voice to look.
When they saw Chen Ping appear in front of them, everyone could not believe it.
Especially Zhao Liguo and Zhao Beng!
“Brother Chen, you …… aren’t dead?”
Zhao Barging rushed over towards Chen Ping incredulously.
“Master Zhao, isn’t this Mr. Chen? Where did you get the fake news?”
When Ding didn’t see Chen Ping appear, he immediately had an angry voice and asked Zhao Liguo.
“I …… I ……”
Zhao Liguo was also full of confusion, not understanding why Chen Ping was still alive.
“Well, don’t blame him, I did die once ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and told his experience after the four villains.
After hearing that Chen Ping had actually killed Ning Hai and destroyed the Ning family, everyone was filled with shock.
There was hardly anyone who didn’t know about the strength of the Ning Family in the martial arts world of Kyoto, and now it had been destroyed by Chen Ping alone!
After Chen Ping had explained a few things, he went straight to the Demon Subduing Tower!
Following a great battle with Ning Hai, although Chen Ping had won, his body had also been damaged, especially his spiritual energy was severely depleted.
He needed to recover to peak condition at the Demon Subduing Tower before going to the Martial Alliance to ask for someone!
It took three days for Chen Ping’s spiritual energy to completely recover.
This time, Chen Ping discovered something that was very tricky for him.
That was that his current strength was much slower even when he was cultivating within the Demon Subduing Tower.
Before he had broken through the Martial Marquis, Chen Ping could recover his spiritual power very quickly within the Demon Subduing Tower if he wanted to.
But now it took three whole days.
This was only to recover his spiritual power, if he wanted to improve his strength, he was afraid that it would take even longer.
But there was nothing that could be done about it, after all, every major realm breakthrough, apart from bringing an increase in strength, there was also the exponential increase in difficulty of cultivation.
“It seems that there is time to make a trip to the Red Lotus Palace ……”
Chen Ping thought of that Red Lotus Palace’s cave, if he could unlock the secrets of that cave, it might be of great help to his cultivation.
After leaving the Demon Subduing Tower, Chen Ping arrived at the hall of the Valley of the Wicked!
The four great villains and Zhao Liguo were all there, and when they saw Chen Ping come out, they all greeted him.
“Mr. Chen, is your body alright?”
Ding asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping smiled faintly and said, “It’s fine now, you guys stay well in Vicious Valley, I’m going to go to the Martial Alliance!”
As soon as the crowd heard that Chen Ping was going to the Martial Dao Alliance, they were startled.
“Mr. Chen, that Martial Dao Alliance has always seen you as a thorn in their side, what are you doing going to the Martial Dao Alliance?”
Ding asked in disbelief.
He didn’t know about Su Yuqi being captured by the Martial Dao Alliance.
However, Zhao Liguo did know, and as soon as Chen Ping said that he was going to the Martial Dao Alliance, he immediately said, “Is Mr. Chen going to save Miss Yuqi?”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“Then we will go with you, there is strength in numbers ……”
Zhao Liguo said.
“Master Zhao, who is this Miss Yu Qi?”
Ding Da asked.
“It’s Mr. Chen is girlfriend, he was captured by the Martial Alliance ……”
Zhao Liguo replied.
“What, that old thing Zhu Zhishan, he even dares to capture Mr. Chen’s girlfriend, let’s kill the Martial Alliance now and rescue Mr. Chen’s girlfriend ……”
When Ding Bu San heard this, he shouted in anger.
“Alright, you guys just stay well in the Valley of Evil, I’ll just go by myself!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Mr. Chen, the strength of the Martial Alliance is not what you see on the surface, it will be dangerous if you go by yourself.”
Ding Da Da advised Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, I’m just going to explore the Martial Dao Alliance this time, they wouldn’t dare to blatantly kill me ……”
The reason why Chen Ping dared to break into the Martial Dao Alliance alone was that he had calculated that Zhu Zhishan would not blatantly kill him within the Martial Dao Alliance.