If Daoist Wuji lost, then all of them were expected to die.
Only if Daoist Wuji was victorious would they be able to live.
But who knew, Daoist Wuji did not look at the blood-coloured sword Qi above his head!
The duster in his hand gently stomped his foot after resisting the sword aura in front of him!
The entire person unexpectedly turned into a ray of light and headed straight for that blood-coloured sword Qi!
At this moment, everyone was confused!
Not knowing what Daoist Wuji was trying to do!
Even the Tenth Highness was puzzled at this moment, that Daoist Wuji didn’t dodge, even if he didn’t, why did he take the initiative to meet it?
Daoist Wufei looked at the scene in front of him at this moment and let out a light sigh, his eyes filled with envy!
“Senior brother is starting to act like a bully again, that’s great ……”
Daoist Wufei knew that Daoist Wuji was trying to act tough!
Although that blood-coloured sword qi looked awesome, it couldn’t hurt Daoist Wuji at all!
Now that Daoist Wuji was suddenly meeting that blood-coloured sword qi, he was just pretending to be a bully in front of the crowd and had no other purpose!
Daoist Wuji knew, but the others didn’t ah!
That was why it was so shocking in the eyes of others!
Boom!
Daoist Wuji unexpectedly followed that blood-coloured sword qi and collided together, emitting a deafening sound, and then countless sword qi shattered and shot out in all directions!
The entire void was dyed blood red, like brilliant red fireworks, it was quite beautiful!
Everyone was nervously looking at the scene in front of them!
Especially on the side of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, all of them were clenching their fists, their bodies trembling slightly, and their palms were sweating!
It was important to know that this strike could be a matter of their lives!
When the blood-red sword aura dissipated, the crowd saw Daoist Wuji suspended in the void in one piece!
Daoist Wuji did not move a single step!
The crowd of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was relieved and instantly relaxed, there were even people who directly collapsed on the ground because they were too relaxed!
Chen Ping’s heart followed suit at this moment, although his body had almost recovered, he did not yet have the courage and strength to follow that Ten Highnesses into battle!
The difference in realms was simply too great!
He was only at the seventh level of the Transition Realm, but the other party was at the ninth level of the Mahayana Realm. This kind of realm difference, even if one was gifted and had more means and divine weapons, there was no way to make up for it!
Chen Ping was relieved at the moment, but the pressure was also enormous!
He had to raise his realm as soon as possible before he could do so, the Demon Sealing Alliance even had cultivators of the 9th rank of the Mahayana realm, so what could he use to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance in the future to fight against them?
This time, if it wasn’t for Xiao Huangzhao helping to fend off and drag this Demon Sealing Alliance’s people, Chen Ping would have been afraid that he would have become a corpse by now!
It was impossible for Mr Shi to be able to appear in time every time, right?
The people of Xiao Imperial Dynasty were happy, but the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance were ashen.
Zuo Tianzheng stared at Daoist Wuji in death, then turned his head to look behind him and said, “Prepare to strike, in a moment, we’ll beat them up as a group, if this continues, I’m afraid that the Tenth Highness won’t be able to carry on.”
“Allied Lord, we do it together, I’m afraid that it is also ……”
A cultivator wanted to say that it’s useless to do it together, but seeing Zuo Tianzheng’s terrifying eyes, he didn’t say anything in the end!
And in the void, the Tenth Highness sized up Daoist Wuji, and in the end had to admit, “You old Taoist is really something!”
“Each other, I a handful of years old, with you a small doll fight, face disgrace ah ……”
Wuji Daoist waved his hand and said!
Hearing Daoist Wuji say this, the Tenth Highness immediately rolled his eyes!
Just now, that Wuji Daoist didn’t have the slightest intention to give in, and now he said that his face is not honourable?
The crowd looked at Daoist Wuji’s appearance and were all speechless as well!
“I’m not a little doll, it’s just that my flesh is like this, I’ve also lived for hundreds of years.”
The tenth highness said!