“I’m going, don’t worry, I have Chen Ping to protect me!”
Song Tie now had a fanatical belief in Chen Ping’s strength.
Song ZuDe was just about to open his mouth, but he saw that Master Guo said, “Mr. Song, are these two young people going along?”
“Mm!” Song Zu De nodded his head.
“Chief Song, isn’t this asking them to go and get killed? How can I have that much energy to protect all of them?”
Master Guo said with a cold look on his face.
Song Zu De suddenly looked embarra*sed and said, “Master Guo, the two of them went voluntarily, I have already said that they are responsible for their own lives and deaths, we don’t need to care about their safety.”
“Then that’s all!” Master Guo was not speaking!
But that Fan Debiao stood up, “Chief Song, you should let Miss Song go, I will personally protect her closely, surely no one can hurt her, if we let this kid protect them, they are afraid they will all be unable to protect themselves!”
Fan Debiao looked at Chen Ping with disdain, when he was just eating, seeing Song Tie talking to Chen Ping and giving him food, this Fan Debiao had long been furious!
“Since that’s the case, then I’ll be grateful to all the masters!” Song Zu De nodded his head and said!
After eating, a group of Master Guo’s disciples surrounded Song Tie to take pictures and ask for autographs, even that Wu Dong also pushed up, wanting to follow Song Tie to be able to take a picture!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was silently walking towards a gazebo, sitting inside the gazebo, listening to the insects and looking at the stars, very relaxed!
“Don’t you want to take a picture with me and ask for an autograph?”
Just as Chen Ping was sitting in the gazebo and dazed, Song Tie came over and asked Chen Ping.
“Don’t want to!” Chen Ping said without hesitation.
“You …………” Song Tie didn’t expect this Chen Ping to give no face at all, directly dismissing Song Tie as speechless.
“Kid, how dare you talk after Miss Song like that and sit there!”
At some point, that Fan Debiao unexpectedly followed Song Tie quietly, seeing this attitude of Chen Ping following Song Tie to talk, leaving Song Tie speechless, he immediately became angry and directly grabbed towards Chen Ping!
Song Tie didn’t expect Fan Debiao to follow him, so he tried to make a sound to stop him, but it was too late.
But no matter how hard Fan Debiao grabbed Chen Ping’s left shoulder, Chen Ping didn’t even move, while he himself was red in the face and thick in the neck, which was simply humiliating for Song Tie to see!
“I just don’t believe it!” Fan Debiao saw that Song Tie was looking at him, so he grabbed Chen Ping with his other hand as well, both hands exerting force together.
But even with that, Chen Ping remained motionless, sitting there quietly, as if no one was disturbing him at all!
Soon, Fan Debiao was sweating profusely, even using all his strength!
“Hehehe …………”
Looking at Fan Debiao’s appearance, Song Tie suddenly laughed.
This laugh of Song Tie made Fan Debiao seem as if he had been greatly insulted, only to see him bend down with a bow of his legs, while gritting his teeth, the veins on his face bulging.
“You get up …………”
Fan Debiao’s face was full of fierceness, and his eyes were so rounded that they were almost dripping blood.
But no matter how hard Fan Debiao pushed, Chen Ping remained as steady as a mountain, not moving a muscle!
“Get lost …………”
Chen Ping suddenly spoke coldly, and suddenly Fan Debiao only felt a strong force hit him, and then the whole person flew backwards directly out!
“This …… how is this possible?”
Fan Debiao looked at Chen Ping in surprise, he couldn’t believe this was true.
But when Fan Debiao still wanted to rush up, Chen Ping had already got up and walked away.
“Hey, don’t you go, can you say something!”
Song Tie went after her.
But Chen Ping ignored her and went back to the room he had arranged.
Then Fan Debiao came over with a gloomy face, “Miss Song, I am a bit unwell today, or else that boy is no match!”
Song Tie ignored him and turned around to go back to her room!