When Chen Ping heard this, he was frozen, Immortal Law Inheritance?
But just as Chen Ping froze, the two Mu family members on the opposite side of the room looked tightened “Who are you? Why have you taken on the appearance of our eldest miss?”
The moment Chen Ping was dazed, he accidentally gave away his breath!
Although he could turn into Mu Naiyi’s appearance, there was no way to turn into that Mu Naiyi’s breath!
Moreover, this Mu family member had followed Mu Naiyi around and must be very familiar with Mu Naiyi’s scent!
Seeing that he had been discovered, Chen Ping did not have the need to be pretending, and his figure instantly changed back to his own!
“It’s you?”
When the two Mu family members saw that it was Chen Ping, they instantly catalogue a ferocious light and instantly attacked towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, offered his Dragon Cutting Sword and made a smooth chop, forcing the two Mu family members back!
Chen Ping’s aura was exposed, causing Mu Naiyi in the middle of the great hall to notice it at first!
“This brat actually followed us here ……”
Mu Naiyi frowned as his figure instantly disappeared in the middle of the grand hall!
Seeing that Chen Ping was fighting with two Mu family members, Mu Naiyi shouted “Kid, how dare you, how dare you follow me here!”
Chen Ping turned his head to see that it was Mu Naiyi and turned to run!
Mu Naiyi was not willing to let go of this opportunity, and said to the two Mu family members “You guys guard this place, I’ll go and kill that kid.”
Mu Naiyi chased after Chen Ping!
However, at the same time Mu Naiyi was chasing after Chen Ping, a figure quickly entered the main hall!
The Mu family members who were guarding the main hall, upon seeing someone enter, realised that it was Chen Ping who had entered!
A few people could not think too much and directly pounced towards Chen Ping.
They would never allow Chen Ping to ruin Mu Yao’s studies.
Chen Ping did not engage in a fight either, or turned around and ran towards the outside of the hall!
The two Mu family members who were guarding outside were also filled with confusion when they saw Chen Ping running out of the main hall!
They clearly saw Mu Naiyi running after Chen Ping, so how did Chen Ping come out of the main hall again?
However, since they had seen Chen Ping, they could not just sit back and watch!
The two men also instantly struck out towards Chen Ping!
But just as they were striking out with Chen Ping in the courtyard of the mansion, another Chen Ping unexpectedly appeared within the grand hall!
Chen Ping looked at the statue in front of him, as well as Mu Yao who was sitting in front of the statue, he knew that this Mu Yao was definitely studying the Immortal Law Inheritance.
Although Chen Ping wanted to explore what kind of Immortal Law Inheritance was within this statue, he did not have the time!
His doppelganger simply could not support him for long.
Chen Ping waved his palm and instantly sucked the statue over!
Chen Ping had wanted to put the statue into his storage ring, but he found that the statue simply wouldn’t fit inside!
This made Chen Ping a little confused all of a sudden!
This storage ring was able to hold all the things of the great thousand worlds, except for not being able to put a living person in it, even demonic beasts were able to stay in the storage ring!
But this statue could not be put into the storage ring, which was a bit strange!
However, Chen Ping did not have time to think about it and could only drag the statue with one hand and quickly escape!
And that Mu Yao followed the statue’s communication was suddenly disconnected, and all of a sudden, he sprayed out a mouthful of blood, and his face was pale!
“Kid, return my statue ……”
Mu Yao saw that it was Chen Ping who snatched away the statue, and immediately chased after it like a madman!
Immediately after that, several Flaming Palms struck out, and a flame pounced on Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping used the speed of the Royal Fire Steps to dodge the Flaming Palms!
Chen Ping quickly fled!
Mu Yao then yelled “Quickly chase after him, catch him, he snatched the statue.”
The few Mu family members who were originally following Chen Ping in the fight suddenly realised that Chen Ping had disappeared into thin air!
This was followed by Mu Yao’s shouting!
The few members of the Mu family had been confused, but they still chased towards Chen Ping!
At the same time, that Mu Naiyi was still struggling to chase Chen Ping.