“No matter what, you have to go and help save them for our sake, because those two girls are also my friends.”
Fire Phoenix asked Bai Shallow to follow along, if it was only Chen Ping himself, he was afraid that it would be difficult to save Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan from the Jade Pope Sect!
Seeing that Fire Phoenix pleaded for mercy, Bai Shallow could only nod her head and say “Alright, for your sake, I’ll do this favour, but that Immortal Mine has to have a portion of me as well.”
“No problem!” Chen Ping knew to agree!
Without the help of an expert like Bai Shao, even if Chen Ping and the others managed to save Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan, but it would be almost impossible to take over the Immortal Mine!
Those of them wouldn’t be able to defend it, after all, many of them were seriously injured, and Chen Ping was still wary of that Qi Peijia finding himself!
“Let’s go ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had agreed, Bai Qian then agreed to follow along!
Fire Phoenix led the two of them to start heading towards the place of the Immortal Mine, and all three of them were very careful and cautious along the way!
“It’s not far ahead ……”
Fire Phoenix said as she pointed ahead!
Chen Ping also clearly felt that the aura of this area was different from the rest at this moment!
“Let’s sneak over there, don’t scare the snakes.”
Chen Ping urged!
After all, they were there to save people, not to fight, if they were discovered by the other party, they would be very passive, and maybe Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan’s lives would be in danger!
The three of them hid their aura and silently approached towards the Immortal Mine!
Soon the three of them came to a hillside, then looked towards a short distance and found that there was a large hole in the mountain range in front of them, and at the entrance of the hole, there were actually five or six cultivators patrolling back and forth!
“This hole is the Immortal Mine, we also found it by chance, we wanted to get some Immortal Ore again, but we didn’t want to be discovered by the Jade Pope Sect’s people, and started to hunt us down.”
Fire Phoenix looked at that Jade Pope Sect cultivator not far away, gritted her teeth and said “If I hadn’t been relegated to the secular world, as far as these guys are concerned, I would have broken them all into pieces …… “r>
“What? You haven’t seen these years, were you thrown to the secular world?”
Bai Shallow on the side asked in surprise!
Fire Phoenix nodded and Bai Shallow wanted to continue to pursue the question, but at this time there was a group of people walking towards the cave!
“Don’t talk, someone is coming ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly instructed Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix to stop talking!
There were more than twenty people in this group of people, all wearing dark red clothes with hats on their heads, so they couldn’t see their faces, but they were obviously from a gang!
“People from the Jade Maiden Sect?”
Seeing these people coming, Bai Shao frowned and said!
“Jade Lady Sect? Could it be that these are all women?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise!
Bai Shao nodded “They are all women ……”
“This Jade Maiden Sect followed the Jade Pope Sect in a lopsided manner, these two sects would often yin and yang with each other, this time the Jade Pope Sect found the Immortal Mine, I didn’t expect to find all of the people from the Jade Maiden Sect as well.”
Bai Qian’s face was a little ugly, and talking about this Jade Maiden Sect, Bai Qian seemed to be very angry!
“Bah, bullsh*t Jade Maiden, each and every one of them is a little wannabe hoof, I heard about this Jade Maiden Sect many years ago.”
Fire Phoenix spat viciously after hearing about the Jade Maiden Sect!
“This is a little bit not so good, suddenly there are so many more people, I’m afraid that even if several of us join hands, it will be difficult to save them.”
Chen Ping frowned “I also don’t know, how is Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan ……”
Seeing Chen Ping’s difficult look, Bai Shao said “You two stand guard, I’ll go get some help, just the three of us can’t handle this scene.”
Bai Shao planned to go and get the other people from the three kings and four kings, then she wouldn’t have to be afraid of the Jade Pope Sect and the Jade Maiden Sect’s people!
“You have to hurry, it’s too late, I’m afraid that something bad will happen to the two girls ……”
Chen Ping said to Bai Shallow!
“Got it……” Bai Shallow said, turned around and disappeared without a trace!