When Yu Qian finished speaking, no one saw any of his movements, but they saw that his body had already floated down from the high platform and landed outside the bell tower!
Immediately afterwards, Yu Qian’s inner breath began to rise, and an aura exploded violently into the sky, and when the crowd felt this aura, their bodies trembled slightly!
Everyone stopped talking and watched and waited, waiting for how long Yu Qian would be able to pa*s through the path to the top of the bell tower!
Yao Shenghui stood behind his own master, also staring dead in the direction of the bell tower!
“Shenghui, you are too pensive, I know you have the Spirit Enhancing Pill in your hand now, as long as you take the Spirit Enhancing Pill, you will definitely be able to knock out the three dragons to take flight.”
“But have you thought about it, in front of all eyes here, if you take the Spirit Enhancing Pill, will others not be able to see it?”
“If these people trace it up, the origin of this Spirit Enhancing Pill would be unexplainable.”
Yao Qisheng sat on top of the stone bench and used his voice transmission technique to reprimand Yao Shenghui.
Yao Shenghui lowered his head slightly and did not say a word!
Just then, the crowd suddenly erupted in a gasp, only to see that Yu Qian’s figure had appeared at the top of the bell tower!
“This …… this Yu Clan Master is too strong, how long has it been since he reached the top?”
“Ten minutes? It should be less than ten minutes, right?”
“Let’s not mention how many knocks the Yu family head can make, just this speed of reaching the top, I’m afraid that Yao Shenghui is far from being able to catch up.”
“No, a little Feng Yun Ranking No.1 doesn’t know his surname, and he’s still following the Yu Family Master to compete!”
While the crowd was shocked, they all started mocking Yao Shenghui!
One should know that all of these people had fawned over Yao Shenghui when he rang the Dragon Tattoo Bell twice.
But Yao Shenghui didn’t know what was good for him and followed Yu Qian, so they all turned to Yu Qian!
No matter what, Yu Qian was the person in charge of the eight secret realms, so who wouldn’t give him some face?
At this moment, Yao Shenghui was also full of embarra*sment, his face was red and white.
At this moment, Yu Qian picked up the bell hammer and looked very relaxed, not struggling as much as the others!
Immediately afterwards, the bell hammer sliced through mid-air, instantly appearing as a residual shadow, before striking heavily on that dragon pattern bell!
Buzz …………
A mellifluous bell sounded, followed by a huge aura that set off a wave of wind that went in all directions.
All the people in the square felt their breath stagnate and their hearts and souls tremble continuously!
The Dragon Tattooed Bell continued to tremble as a golden dragon instantly rose from the Dragon Tattooed Bell!
Before the crowd could react from the immense aura, another mellifluous bell sounded immediately afterwards!
Another golden dragon took to the air, two golden dragons hovering in mid-air as they continued to soar!
Buzz …………
Yu Qian once again swung the bell hammer in his hand, and a third bell rang out!
These three strokes were almost in one go, and there was no sign of any strain on Yu Qian!
“Three dragons soar ……”
The crowd all watched excitedly as three golden dragons took flight in mid-air and circled around the bell tower!
At this moment, only to see Yu Qian once again raise the bell hammer high into the air!
“Is Master Yu going to strike a fourth blow?”
“Could we be able to see four golden dragons taking flight?”
Everyone looked at Yu Qian in shock, all anticipating the fall of Yu Qian’s fourth hammer!
Buzz …………
Finally, the bell hammer in Yu Qian’s hand fell again, hitting the dragon pattern bell so hard that one of the dragon patterns on the bell, transformed into another golden dragon, hovering in mid-air!
“Four of them, really four of them ……”
“Yu Clan Master is really deep in hiding, that Yao Shenghui actually doesn’t know any better than to follow Yu Clan Master!”
“This is a slap in the face, see how that Yao Shenghui still dares to be arrogant!”
The crowd was chattering and laughing at Yao Shenghui!
At this moment, Yao Shenghui’s face was worse than eating sh*t, and even Yao Qisheng’s face was also unbearably ugly!