“Xiao Da, you …… are too shameless ……”
Ji Ru Xue angrily got up and wanted to slap towards Xiao Da.
But just as soon as she got up, she found that her body had no strength, and the energy in her body could not be lifted up at all.
This time, Ji Ru Xue was even more atmospheric, and her body was trembling.
“Palace Master Ji, don’t try to resist, be good and obedient, I will treat you well!”
Zhou Tiancheng had a fierce smile on his face as he reached out his hand towards Ji Ru Xue’s face.
“Palace Master, go quickly ……”
At this moment, the two Red Lotus Palace disciples who had been standing behind Ji Ru Xue fiercely thrust their swords towards Zhou Tian Cheng.
The two men, one on the left and one on the right, attacked Zhou Tiancheng at the same time.
Seeing this, Zhou Tiancheng snorted coldly and directly reached out to grab the swords in the hands of the two Red Lotus Palace disciples, followed by a forceful twist!
Bounce ……
The two swords were all broken, and half of the sword body remained in Zhou Tiancheng’s hand.
Zhou Tiancheng then waved his backhand, and a cold aura flashed by.
A bloodstain instantly appeared on the necks of the two Red Lotus Palace disciples, followed by an enlargement of the bloodstain as blood gushed out1
Ji Ru Xue looked at the two disciples who died tragically, her eyes were wide open, although she no longer had the strength, Ji Ru Xue still ruthlessly slammed towards Zhou Tian Cheng.
Zhou Tiancheng reached out and grabbed Ji Ruxue’s wrist directly, putting Ji Ruxue under control.
“b*****d, let go of me, kill me if you have the guts ……”
Ji Ru Xue cursed loudly and angrily.
But Zhou Tiancheng did not care, the more Ji Ru Xue scolded him, the happier he was.
“Palace Master Xiao, you have done a good job, when I return, I will order someone to send you the Power Gathering Pill ……”
Zhou Tiancheng said to Xiao Da.
“Second Master Zhou is very polite, then I will respectfully do as I am told, I will send someone to send Second Master Zhou back?”
Xiao Da said in a flattering manner.
“No need, we can just go back ourselves ……”
After Zhou Tiancheng finished speaking, he carried Ji Ruxue and headed out.
Ji Ru Xue struggled desperately, “b*****d, let go of me ……”
But no matter how much Ji Ru Xue struggled, she could not escape Zhou Tian Cheng and finally bit Zhou Tian Cheng’s shoulder fiercely.
“Ah …………”
Zhou Tiancheng cried out in pain, then struck Ji Ruxue with a hand slash to the back of her neck!
Ji Ruxue instantly pa*sed out, while Zhou Tiancheng cursed, “This little girl is quite strong, I like it ……”
…………
Red Lotus Palace.
Xiao Min led people to guard the back of the mountain, not far upwards was the cave, where Xiao Min did not allow anyone to enter into the cave.
But just a short distance away from them, a black shadow slowly appeared, and after taking a look at Xiaomin and the girls, quickly jumped above the back mountain and quickly got into the cave.
The black shadow moved quickly and lightly, making no sound at all, so Minnie and the girls were not even aware of it.
As the sky grew darker, Mandy looked at the time: “Why isn’t sister back yet? There’s nothing wrong, is there?”
Minnie always felt distracted and her eyelids always fluttered.
So she went to the palace gate and waited anxiously for Ji Ru Xue to return!
The stars were rising in the sky and it was past dinner time, but Ji Ru Xue had not heard from her at all, which made Minnie worry.
Because Ji Ru Xue had never stayed out this late before, and now it was so long ago that she hadn’t seen her return, so there might be some kind of accident.
After all, many clans and families here had thoughts about the Red Lotus Palace, and they were salivating over Ji Ru Xue’s beauty.
When Minnie saw this, she could only gather her men and planned to go to the Sacred Beast Palace to find out what was going on with Ji Ru Xue.
But just as Xiao Min was leading the men out of the Red Lotus Palace, she saw a man slowly walking towards them.
Xiao Min frowned slightly and ordered the men to get ready.