Outsiders were even less aware of the Long family’s affairs, after all, such matters were not something honorable.
Poisoning one’s own father and imprisoning one’s own sister, such an act was to be abused and laughed at, so Long Jingguo kept it hidden.
Of course there was another reason for the concealment, and that was the secret he had always wanted to know. As to what this secret was, Long Xingxu was not sure, and it was estimated that only Long Jingguo and Long Rutong and the two of them were clear about it.
Seeing that Long Jingguo had come with the Tiger Tendon Whip, Long Ruotong instantly understood what was going on and slowly got up, her face full of indifference!
For more than twenty years, she had experienced everything she needed to experience, and all the things that had happened could not make her change any more!
Looking at Long Ruotong’s indifferent look, Long Jingguo became even more furious and took the tiger tendon whip with his hand and ruthlessly smacked Long Ruotong’s body.
A bloody wound instantly appeared, shocking to the eyes.
But the expression on Long Ruotong’s face did not change in the slightest, not even a frown, as if the whip was not on her own body.
“Your D*mned wild son has grown in ability, he even injured Xiao’er, I will catch him sooner or later and reunite you mother and son ……”
Long Jingguo gritted his teeth as the tiger tendon whip in his hand lashed out fiercely!
When she heard Long Jingguo mention her son, Long Ruotong’s face then had a subtle change, she wanted to open her mouth and ask how her son was doing.
But in the end, she did not open her mouth, knowing that even if she opened her mouth to ask, she would not get anything out of Long Jingguo’s mouth.
Long Jingguo smacked Long Ruitong out of anger, while Long Xingxu took out his mobile phone and was quietly recording!
Long Xingxu’s forehead was covered in cold sweat and his hands were trembling slightly, he was playing with his life, if Long Jingguo knew he was recording, he would have killed him on the spot.
But Long Xingxu was risking his life in secretly recording, and he had his own intentions for doing so.
If he relied on his strength to quietly take away the position of Long Jing Guo’s lord, Long Xing Xu knew it would be difficult, perhaps for the rest of his life!
So he needed helpers, people who could help him destroy Long Jingguo’s father and son.
After Long Jingguo gave Long Ruotong a vicious beating, he then let out his breath a little and threw the tiger tendon whip in his hand to Long Xingxu, before walking out of the dungeon.
Long Xingxu also hurriedly followed him out.
Long Ruotong, who was covered in wounds, slowly sat down, as it would take a long time for these wounds to heal slowly.
Here, all of Long Ruotong’s strength was restricted, just an ordinary person, all these wounds would take a long time to heal ……
After walking out of the dungeon, Long Xingxu left, but just after he walked out of the Long family, he sent out the video he had recorded.
He recorded this video because he wanted to send it to Chen Ping, only in this way would it anger Chen Ping even more, making Chen Ping follow Long Jingguo and his father to an undying end, and it would be better if he could kill Long Jingguo and his father!
Only Long Xingxu did not know Chen Ping’s contact information, and this video was sent to Long Wu, after all, Long Wu used to be a member of the Long family, and he knew Long Xingxu from following him.
Long Xing Xu knew that Long Wu would definitely be able to contact Chen Ping, and when Chen Ping saw this video, he would be furious!
But in doing so, Long Xingxu also took a great risk. If this video reached Long Jingguo’s eyes, he would know without guessing that it must have been recorded by Long Xingxu.
But risk and opportunity are equal, and Long Xingxu could not wait a bit ……
At this time, Long Wu, who was hundreds of miles away, was taking a walk within the Pill God Valley, having recuperated here for this period of time, Long Wu was thoroughly fond of this place.
The air here was good, the scenery was good, and there were many ordinary people living ordinary lives.
There was no deception here, no fighting here, no bloodshed here, it was simply a paradise!