The Little Fire Qilin also looked at Chen Ping dumbfounded, and although there was disdain in its eyes, it had no choice but to come in front of Chen Ping and gently rub against him!
Letting a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm be his master, the Little Fire Qilin was definitely not happy inside, but with the Heaven Swallowing Beast eyeing it from the side, it could only admit it!
Chen Ping gently stroked the Little Fire Qilin, his heart was overjoyed, with this mount, it would be like having an extra helper in the future!
Even if there was no airship, Chen Ping could still ride the Fire Qilin around without using up his spiritual energy!
However, this little Fire Qilin was still too small, and Chen Ping didn’t know how many resources he would need to be able to feed it up!
A Heaven Swallowing Beast had tormented Chen Ping enough, a lot of things had been swallowed by this guy, and now there was another little Fire Qilin!
Chen Ping’s own cultivation also required a large amount of resources, and the resources he needed could be many times more than the other Transition Realms!
Three huge consuming ones together, where would the huge resources come from?
However, as things stood, Chen Ping could only take one step at a time, and if he couldn’t, he could only snatch the resources!
The Celestial Realm didn’t have any rules to speak of, it was all about the weak and the strong, so it was still possible to find some clans and families and snatch some resources!
It was only that Chen Ping was not able to get past the hurdle in his heart right now!
After placing both the Little Fire Qilin and the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast into the storage ring, Chen Ping left the space!
After leaving, the space instantly shattered and then disappeared, even the formation patterns on the ground disappeared along with it!
Those spirit beasts inside the courtyard, after the little Fire Qilin was put into the storage ring by Chen Ping, they obviously became much gentler and were no longer fearful and irritable!
It seemed that it was the little Fire Qilin that had caused these spirit beasts to be frightened and then develop illnesses!
After a few days of recuperation, these spirit beasts would definitely recover!
Chen Ping returned to his room and looked at the piles of resources, it was only at this time that he was in the mood to cultivate!
Slightly closing his eyes, the Concentration Technique was in operation, and a large amount of spiritual qi was swarming towards Chen Ping’s body!
He did not know how much time had passed, nor did he know the night and day!
Chen Ping only felt his body trembling slightly as a golden light shot out from the room, the sky was covered in dark clouds as if it was the end of the world!
“This is Fellow Daoist Chen making a breakthrough ah……”
Looking at the dense thunderbolt clouds in the sky, Zhen Yuandao was surprised and said!
“Transition realm, a breakthrough in a small realm, unexpectedly triggering such a thunder tribulation, no wonder this Chen Ping, a mere sixth rank of the Transition realm, can fight alone against a Mahayana realm expert.”
Zhong Qi was also shocked as she looked at the thunder tribulation cloud in the sky and said!
“How many days has it been?”
Xiao Yuanshan asked!
“Emperor Xiao, it’s been five days ……”
Yu Wenqiang, who was on the side, said.
“Five days, unexpectedly broke through, although it’s only a small realm, but this movement, compared to that peak breakthrough of the Ferrying Realm, it’s not weak at all ah.”
Xiao Yuanshan lamented!
“Emperor Xiao, General Qian came to report that the Fox Emperor City has been recaptured, and the Feng Family has been destroyed, but this matter has alarmed the Demon Sealing Alliance, and it is estimated that the Demon Sealing Alliance is afraid that they will make a move against us in the future.”
“General Qian is afraid that the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance are making moves against the Fox Imperial City, so he personally brought people to guard there, only waiting for Mr Chen to return it after he has travelled there.”
Yu Wenqiang knew that the reason Xiao Yuanshan asked for his time was not just to talk about Chen Ping’s cultivation speed!
Since the order had been given that the Feng Family must be destroyed in five days, it had to be done!
If one failed to do so, the consequences would be severe!
Although Xiao Yuanshan looked harmless and very amiable, he was also polite to people!
But his subordinates were clearly rewarded and punished, otherwise how could he be in charge of such a huge Xiao Dynasty!