Seeing that Chen Ping had swallowed the beast pellet, Long Xiao’s face became unsightly!
“Duke Long, since Chen Ping has already swallowed the beast pellet, let’s forget about this matter, besides, I don’t dare to agree with the rules you have made privately ……”
At this time, Ge Jiayi took two steps forward and looked at Long Xiao and said.
“Right, what kind of rules are you, the trial even if it is held by your Long family, you can’t treat us as fools ……”
“That’s right, everything has to be handed over to your Long family for distribution, so what have we become? What do you think we’ve become?
“I’m not going, if I can’t, I’ll turn around and go back, a trial, and so much p*ssy ……”
The first thing you can do is to go back to the house.
Originally the trial is whoever gets the resources or treasures, that is their own, now Long Xiao a word, all to the Long family, and then in the distribution, then the trial, who will still put in efforts to sell their lives?
Seeing the crowd getting excited, Long Xiao’s face changed and changed, and finally his eyes narrowed as he looked coldly at Chen Ping: “Chen Ping, you wait, Locked Dragon Island is your grave ……”
Long Xiao left after he finished speaking, while Chen Ping followed Dong Jiahao back to the room!
“Brother Chen Ping, looking at this, this trial, you are afraid that it will be very dangerous for you ……”
Dong Jiahao said with a gloomy face.
“It’s alright, I thought of it long ago ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, he had known that Long Xiao would deal with him, but Chen Ping wasn’t afraid!
As for Long Xiao’s evil kung fu, Chen Ping also had a plan to deal with it, only just now on the deck, he deliberately looked wretched!
He wanted to make Long Xiao let his guard down and then deal him a fatal blow!
Chen Ping wasn’t worried about Long Xiao, what he was worried about was the four guys from the Martial Arts Alliance!
If these people joined forces with Long Xiao, Chen Ping was afraid that it would be very difficult for him to deal with them.
After another day of sailing, the boat finally docked at Locked Dragon Island, and by now it was getting dark.
At this time, the Locked Dragon Island was lush and vibrant.
Although it is now winter, the environment on Dragon Island is like spring in all seasons.
It was no wonder that it had become a place opened for tourism, but there was not a single tourist on the island at this time, so it should have been controlled by the Dragon Family in advance.
When he got onto Locked Dragon Island, Chen Ping felt some inexplicable emotions in his heart!
This was his third time on the island.
And Xiao Ru should still be on the island at this moment, only that Chen Ping did not know exactly where Xiao Ru was right now.
For this trial, Chen Ping did not intend to get any resources, he mainly wanted to find Xiao Ru and see if he could take her away!
Chen Ping tried to spread out his divine sense, which slowly spread deeper into Dragon Lock Island.
As his divine sense continued to spread, Chen Ping’s brow couldn’t help but wrinkle.
He found that a thick spiritual qi was actually rising from the ground on this Dragon Lock Island, and the area where this spiritual qi was rising was extremely vast.
“Could it be that there are still relics underneath this Locked Dragon Island?”
There was some shock in Chen Ping’s heart, after all, this was the first time Chen Ping had seen such a huge amount of spiritual qi!
The problem was that the first two times he had waited, Chen Ping had not sensed that there was still aura underneath this Locked Dragon Island.
It could also be that there were Ice Dragons and Inferno Dragons at that time, so people’s eyes were fixed on these two dragons.
“Brother Chen Ping, what’s wrong?”
Dong Jiahao saw Chen Ping frowning slightly, so he spoke up and asked.
“Oh, nothing ……”
Chen Ping retracted his divine sense and said with a faint smile.
Soon, the people on the boat all came down one after another, nearly hundreds of people, all following their own social circles, gathering in groups to chat, after all, the trials were very dangerous, so it was very necessary to make some friends to help each other.
At this moment, Chen Ping, only Dong Jiahao was standing beside him, the two looked so lonely and did not fit in at all!