Chen Ping didn’t care what the two sisters thought and kept walking forward!
He took out Tang Xiaoyi’s storage pouch and began carefully inspecting it!
As a young master of the Tang Sect, there were bound to be plenty of good things in the storage pouch!
Some of the pills in the pouch Chen Ping casually tossed into his mouth!
In this Wuwang Land, where there wasn’t a trace of spiritual energy or resources, one could only rely on the resources they brought to replenish themselves!
“Huh, what’s this?” At that moment, Chen Ping pulled out a glowing orb from the storage pouch!
The glowing orb was transparent, containing a mysterious power within!
Through the orb, he could see a small animal curled up inside, its skin, flesh, and blood vessels clearly visible!
“Could it be a spiritual beast egg?” Chen Ping recalled the little Heaven-Devouring Beast, which had also been in an orb!
“Master Chen, be careful, that’s a Spirit-Devouring Beast from the Ling Sect!” Hong Yao’s shout came from behind Chen Ping!
Before Chen Ping could react, the glowing orb in his hand suddenly shattered, and the Spirit-Devouring Beast instantly shot out, burrowing into the space between Chen Ping’s eyebrows!
Chen Ping stood frozen in place, unmoving, as Hong Yao and Lan Yao caught up to him!
“This is bad, Master Chen has been invaded by the Spirit-Devouring Beast. I’m afraid his consciousness is about to be devoured!” Hong Yao said anxiously upon seeing the situation!
“Sister, once a Spirit-Devouring Beast enters the body, there’s no way to get rid of it. In a moment, Chen Ping will either die or turn into a fool.”
“We might as well take the chance to chop off his head and bring it to the Huo family to claim those immortal spirit stones. Wouldn’t that be great?” Lan Yao said with some excitement!
“Shut up!” Hong Yao frowned, “Master Chen just spared our lives. How could we do something like that!”
“Sister, he’s going to die sooner or later anyway. Even if we don’t do it, someone else definitely will.”
“Rather than letting someone else benefit, why don’t we take those 200,000 immortal spirit stones ourselves? That’s 200,000!” Lan Yao said, raising her sword towards Chen Ping’s head!
Clang!
A crisp sound rang out as Lan Yao’s sword was blocked by Hong Yao!
“Little sister, if you try that again, don’t blame me for being ruthless!” Hong Yao said coldly!
“Sister, you’re too naive!” Lan Yao had no choice but to put her sword away!
Hong Yao looked at Chen Ping, noticing he was completely still, as if he’d lost control of his body!
In reality, Chen Ping was perfectly fine. The so-called Spirit-Devouring Beast had entered his consciousness sea, only to be caught and roasted by the Crimson Cloud Demon Lord!
Even without the Crimson Cloud Demon Lord in his consciousness sea, a mere Spirit-Devouring Beast wouldn’t have been able to harm Chen Ping’s consciousness in the slightest!
Within Chen Ping’s consciousness sea was the Great Luo Golden Canon, something even the Crimson Cloud Demon Lord feared!
What was a tiny Spirit-Devouring Beast compared to that?
“I’ve heard that after a Spirit-Devouring Beast enters the body, you can quickly suck it out through the mouth. Let me try…” Hong Yao said, then pressed her lips to Chen Ping’s and began sucking hard!
Chen Ping’s eyes widened, looking both shocked and awkward!
Pushing Hong Yao away, Chen Ping coughed violently a couple of times, “Sorry, I… I’m fine now!”
“Master Chen, was the Spirit-Devouring Beast sucked out of your body?” Seeing Chen Ping was okay, Hong Yao said happily, but then frowned, “Wait, no, if I sucked the Spirit-Devouring Beast out of you, it should have entered my body. Why don’t I feel anything?”
“That Spirit-Devouring Beast entered my body and was destroyed by me. My mind isn’t that easy to devour!” Chen Ping gave a faint smile!
He felt grateful towards Hong Yao. Whether she’d helped him or not, at least she no longer harboured any intent to harm him!
But as for Lan Yao…
Chen Ping turned to look at Lan Yao, a flicker of killing intent in his eyes!
Feeling the murderous aura from Chen Ping, Lan Yao stumbled back several steps, her expression filled with nervous tension!