“Mr Chen, this Demon Sealing Alliance is indeed difficult to deal with, it looks like you’ll have to be more careful in the future.”
Jin Dong said to Chen Ping!
Ever since he met those people from the Demon Sealing Alliance in Mo Hai, Jin Dong knew that Chen Ping would definitely make a grudge following the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“It’s fine, if the Demon Sealing Alliance dares to mess with me, I’ll be rude to them.”
Chen Ping said without a care in the world!
Chen Ping and his group continued to rush towards the Blood Spirit Valley, but after a short while of walking, the sky suddenly dimmed, followed by large black clouds piling up towards a place!
“Isn’t that where the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder resides?Could it be that this is a thunderbolt cloud?”
Luo Xi looked up at the black clouds that kept converging and said!
“There’s no such thing as a thunderbolt cloud, even though we’re demonic cultivators, when we break through, we also suffer from heavenly thunderbolts, and it’s not this kind of black cloud!”
Jin Dong also took a look and said!
Only that Luo Shouhai looked at the black clouds that kept converging, his face became a little ugly!
“Bad, this is a demonic tribulation cloud, the ghost old man is in danger ……”
Luo Shouhai said with a frown!
“Demonic calamity cloud?What is this?”
Chen Ping was filled with confusion!
“Mr Chen has no idea, when we demonic cultivators cross the tribulation, there is a very small chance that we will encounter a demonic tribulation cloud, this kind of demonic tribulation cloud is extremely powerful and it is very difficult to cross over.”
“However, there is also a benefit, that is, after crossing it, the strength is quite a bit higher than the same realm, but for so many years, I have not heard of anyone being able to cross the demonic tribulation cloud.”
Luo Shouhai explained after Chen Ping!
“I’ve also heard of this Demonic Apocalypse Cloud, and I’ve never seen the power, but today I’ve seen it!”
Bai Shao also raised her head and said as she looked at the black clouds that kept piling up!
“I’ll go take a look ……”
Chen Ping’s brows furrowed, then he quickly ran towards the place where the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder resided!
He couldn’t just see death, he had to go and see what was going on!
“Mr Chen, it’s dangerous, you can’t go over there, this demonic calamity cloud is very powerful!”
Luo Shouhai shouted, seeing that Chen Ping had already run away, he could only bark at Luo Xiang and Jin Dong, “You guys wait here, don’t get close, I’ll go and take a look ……”
Luo Shouhai also headed towards the place where the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder lived!
Bai Qian also followed with a leap and chased after him, she had the Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun stay where they were!
After all, their realms were too low to prevent them from being injured by that demonic calamity cloud!
Just as Chen Ping and the others were rushing towards the place where the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder resided, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder slowly opened his eyes, looked up at the black clouds that kept piling up, and let out a bitter smile!
“I didn’t think that I would have encountered a devilish calamity cloud that is hard to come across in a hundred years, but unfortunately, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to resist it.”
“Fate, this is fate ah …………”
The Devil Mountain ghost old man’s eyes were filled with despair!
“Ghost old man ……”
At this time, however, Chen Ping suddenly rushed in!
“Mr Chen ……” The Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man was overjoyed to see Chen Ping, but soon his face was filled with anxiety, “Mr Chen, you should leave quickly, it’s too dangerous here, soon the thunderbolt is going to come down, and when it does, you won’t be able to leave!can’t!”
“Ghost Elder, I already know, I’m here to help you get through this lightning tribulation.”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, this is a demonic tribulation cloud, I definitely can’t get through it, don’t stay here to die, quickly leave ……”
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder anxiously rushed Chen Ping outwards!
But at this time, Luo Shouhai also arrived, seeing Luo Shouhai, the devil mountain ghost old man was even more anxious, “Old Luo, why are you also here, you quickly bring Mr Chen to leave, this thunderbolt is about to come down ……”
Luo Shouhai looked at it and hurriedly said to Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, we’d better leave quickly, this is the ghost old man’s destiny, no one can change it.”
“Chen Ping, hurry up and leave, don’t try to be brave!”
Bai Qian also arrived and pulled Chen Ping to leave!
“You guys go, I’m going to help Ghost Old Man resist this thunderbolt ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with determination!