However, this proved that Chen Wenliang did not have any ill will towards Chen Ping, since he had learnt that Chen Ping was being chased by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred year offering, and still dared to draw Chen Ping in, it proved that Chen Wenliang was not afraid!
“Thank you President Chen for your kind words, I’ll go and find a friend first, I’ll definitely look for President Chen’s help if I need it before the conference.”
Chen Ping said politely!
“Good, your friend is a Northern Region Pill Master, this Pill Master Congress, the Northern Region Pill Master Association did not participate, so if your friend needs it, he can also participate in the name of our Central Region Pill Master Association.”
Chen Wenliang knew that both Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng were Pill Masters from the Northern Domain!
Since the two were Chen Ping’s friends, Chen Wenliang pulled them together!
This way, it would make Chen Ping’s heart grateful!
Without Chen Ping, it would have been impossible for Chen Wenliang to allow both Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan to participate in the name of the Central Domain Pill Masters Association!
Chen Ping and Chen Wenliang walked out of the formation, and at this time, many of the Pill Masters who had teleported over had already been arranged by the people from the Western Region Pill Masters’ Association to go and rest!
“President Chen, you’ve finally come, it’s been several days without any news from your Central Region Apothecary Guild, our president is anxious and has been pressing for information every day!”
After seeing Chen Wenliang, that Western Region Apothecary Guild’s Elder Song rushed forward and said!
“There was a small problem with the teleportation array on our side, but it has been resolved.”
“Your president has never thought of me like this, every time I attended the Apothecary Assembly, he was targeting me at every turn, envying me for being better than him.”
“How is it that this time the Apothecary Assembly thought of me so much?”
Chen Wenliang said jokingly!
It could be seen that Chen Wenliang followed the president of the Western Region Apothecary Guild with a good relationship, it should be that every time the Apothecary Assembly, this Western Region Apothecary Guild president had always been defeated and was no match for Chen Wenliang!
“President Chen, you came late, you don’t know, this year’s Pill Master Conference is afraid that there are some changes.”
Elder Song said!
“Changes? What changes?”Chen Wen asked in good wonder!
“A few days ago, Pill God Island came to say that this time, the Pill Masters’ Conference will be held on Pill God Island, or else they will let all the Pill Masters’ Associations have no peace!”
Elder Song whispered to Chen Wenliang after looking around!
“What?”Chen Wenliang’s brows furrowed and his face turned ironic: “These brutes from Pill God Island, they haven’t dared to show up for hundreds of years, why did they suddenly show up this year?”
“They even dare to threaten up our Pill Master Association, do they want to die?”
“President Chen, keep your voice down, many Apothecaries still don’t know about this.”
“The people who came from that Pill God Island are all very strong, our president is not even a one-trick pony, that’s why he temporarily agreed to them.”
“Now the president is waiting for you all to arrive to discuss a plan!”
Elder Song said!
“Hmph, your Chairman’s little strength, I was able to defeat him in one move as well, what does that have to say about anything.”
Chen Wenliang snorted coldly!
Being at the peak of the Transition Realm, Chen Wenliang was considered an expert amongst the Pill Masters!
“President Chen, the people coming from Pill God Island are all at the Mahayana realm, so you shouldn’t take them too lightly!”
Elder Song said!
This sentence about the Mahayana realm directly stunned Chen Wenliang!
The entire person was stumped on the spot for a long time before he spoke, “That Pill God Island is barren and desolate, it’s a solitary island, what did those people take to cultivate to the Mahayana Realm?”
“How is this possible? They are also all pharmacists, not gods and goddesses who descended from the heavenly realm, without resources, what do they take to cultivate?”
“Ai!”Elder Song sighed and said, “President Chen, if you don’t say that people are destiny, back then, these guys were driven away to the Medicine God Island and left to fend for themselves, but a few hundred years have passed, and they’re getting better and better.”
“It turns out that that Pill God Island was actually the place of the fall of an ancient Ninth Grade Pill God, and the place of that fall was discovered by these people.”
“Pill God Island has always been called this, they all thought it was just a random name, but who knew that there was actually a Pill God on that island.