“Palace Master Ji, I am only lifting a finger, no need to be so polite!”
Chen Ping smiled lightly.
“Mr. Chen, your act of raising your hand has saved our entire Red Lotus Palace, this kindness, our Red Lotus Palace must be repaid!”
Ji Ru Xue said.
“Palace Master Ji is serious!”
Chen Ping did not intend, for the Red Lotus Palace to repay him.
“Big brother Chen, you are a great saviour to our Red Lotus Palace, so stay well in the Red Lotus Palace for a few days so that we can repay you as well!”
Xiao Min said and walked Chen Ping towards the main hall.
At noon, Ji Ru Xue personally cooked and sat a table full of dishes for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping looked at those delicious dishes and didn’t expect that a palace master in the hall would still be cooking!
“Big brother Chen, you are lucky to have a mouthful, my sister’s cooking is especially delicious!”
Xiaomin said as she put vegetables into Chen Ping’s bowl.
“En, Palace Master Ji’s skill is indeed good!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“Mr. Chen, since you like to eat, then eat more, and in the future, you don’t have to call me any more Palace Master, just call me Ruxue, Xiao Xue is fine!”
Ji Ru Xue finished, her cheeks flushed red, not daring to look directly at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, but he did not call Ji Ruxue that way, after all, they were not that close yet.
“I’ll become you as Miss Ji from now on!”
Chen Ping said.
Ji Ruxue’s face was slightly disappointed, but she didn’t say anything.
“Brother Chen, can you not leave for now and stay in our Red Lotus Palace for a while longer?”
Xiao Min asked as she turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head, “I still have a lot of things to do, I can’t stay here for very long.”
As the New Year’s Eve was soon approaching, Chen Ping had to hurry up and cultivate to save his mother and Su Yuqi.
Hearing this, Xiao Min was a little lost, but still smiled and said, “Brother Chen, since you can’t stay for long, it’s always okay to come and visit me sometime, right?”
“That’s certainly possible, I’ll come and see you guys when I have time, the scenery here is very nice and the climate is pleasant, very suitable for cultivation!”
Chen Ping said with a smile.
“Right, big brother Chen, what did you go inside the cave at the back of the mountain to do?”
At this time, Xiao Min remembered that it was inside the cave that she found Chen Ping, so she asked curiously.
And that Ji Ru Xue’s face changed slightly as she heard Xiao Min mention the cave and looked towards Chen Ping.
“I was just wandering around and suddenly found that cave, I felt that it was full of spiritual energy, so I cultivated inside for two days!”
Chen Ping did not lie either and said truthfully.
“Brother Chen, then you …………”
Xiaomin still wanted to ask something, but was glared at by Ji Ruxue: “Xiaomin, eat quickly, then go guard the palace gate, asking questions, and still let Mr. Chen eat?”
Upon hearing this, Xiao Min hurriedly spat her tongue out towards Chen Ping and made a face, then lowered her head and started eating.
After eating and clearing the table, Ji Ru Xue dismissed everyone.
At this moment, there were only two people inside the room, Chen Ping and Ji Ru Xue, and the atmosphere became a little awkward for a while.
“Mr. Chen, I had made an announcement that whoever could save our Red Lotus Palace, I would stay with him for one night, and I could even marry him!”
“Now you helped us destroy that Xiang Chong, so whatever you want to do to me, you can ……”
As she spoke, Ji Ru Xue actually took off the red dress she was wearing!
Snow-white skin was exposed, and the faint fragrance of her body filled the whole room!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s blood rushed straight to his head, and a nosebleed instantly flowed from within his nose.
Chen Ping hurriedly turned around and covered his nose with his hand, “Miss Ji, I didn’t know about that announcement you made, and I didn’t think of doing anything to you, you’d better put your clothes back on!”
“What? You’re not satisfied with my figure?” Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Ping with some surprise, “If you’re not satisfied with me, the whole Red Lotus Palace, except for Xiao Min, take your pick, I can have them all accompany you!”