“Kid, it seems that I have underestimated you ……”
The boss looked angrily at Chen Ping, then said loudly, “Lao San, Lao Si, Lao Wu, you three take him down for me.”
The boss knew that at the beginning, Chen Ping had deliberately shown weakness to himself and let himself be fooled, or else Lao Er wouldn’t have been so miserable!
So this time, in one breath, he had all three of them strike together against Chen Ping!
He didn’t believe that Chen Ping could still defeat his three brothers!
“Kid, I want to avenge Second Brother ……”
Old Five shouted angrily and swung a big sword towards Chen Ping!
At the same time, Old Three, and Old Four also made their moves towards Chen Ping at the same time.
It could be seen that these black and silver robes had not practiced much together, their movements were very skillful together, and the timing of their attacks was just right.
Chen Ping did not appear to panic in the face of the simultaneous attacks of the three Black Silver Robes, but blocked the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand forward, directly blocking Old Five’s big sword!
But at the same time, Old Three’s iron fist had already reached Chen Ping’s chest. Chen Ping frowned slightly and could only draw his sword and withdraw his body, dodging Old Three’s punch!
But before Chen Ping could stand still, a nine-sectioned whip was flung towards Chen Ping, the head of the nine-sectioned whip sliced through Chen Ping’s body and instantly flashed a golden light, while another large piece of scales of Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body turned into nothingness.
“Kid, I’ll see how else you can dodge our three brothers’ attacks ……”
Old Fourth snorted coldly, and the nine-sectioned whip in his hand was like a poisonous snake, once again reversing its direction and heading towards Chen Ping.
At the same time, the large knife in Old Five’s hand directly attacked Chen Ping’s legs.
Old Three leapt up and smashed his head with a pair of iron fists. The three of them were working in tandem to kill Chen Ping in one blow!
Because of Chen Ping’s injury to Lao Er, these three seemed to have long forgotten the Demon Envoy’s instructions.
When the crowd saw this, they all felt their hearts tighten up!
And the Demon Envoy inside Ning Zhi frowned and said, “These fools, to lay a killing blow, the Great Power will blame ……”
“Lord Demon Amba*sador, should we step in and warn them?”
Ning Zhi asked.
“Forget it, let’s see ……”
The Devil’s Envoy said.
And above the ring, Chen Ping faced the simultaneous attack of the three men, a golden light appeared on his body, followed by an explosive shout and a sword swing, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly dislodged!
When the crowd saw this, they thought Chen Ping was so nervous that he couldn’t even grab the weapon out of his hand, but they didn’t know that Chen Ping had already been able to move his sword at will!
The sword met Old Fifth’s sword alone, with a burst of fire!
The sword in Old Fifth’s hand was instantly cut off by the Dragon Cutting Sword.
And at the same time, Chen Ping made a fist with his right hand, and a golden light shone above his fist.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
A golden light was like a shot, only to blast at Old Three!
Rumble …………
Old Third was instantly sent flying by this huge fist wind from Chen Ping.
At the same time, Lao Si’s nine-section whip had already struck Chen Ping’s body, only to see the imperishable golden body on Chen Ping’s body instantly shattered, but Chen Ping did not suffer much damage, the whole person leaped up, followed by a kick to send that Lao San flying.
In the blink of an eye, the crowd didn’t even see what was going on before they saw that the three black and silver robes had already been knocked to the ground!
Especially that old man, his whole arm was twisted and deformed, obviously broken!
The Dragon Cutting Sword was back in Chen Ping’s hand, and with the sword in one hand, he looked coldly at the three black robed men who had fallen to the ground!
At this, the whole crowd was shocked, and there were even sighs of laughter!
“Hahahaha, the three from the Martial Arts Alliance together were actually beaten down so quickly and much.”
“Where are the people who bet on the Martial Arts Alliance to win? I see you guys are going to lose.”
“This Chen Ping is so awesome, I can’t help it ……”
The crowd was talking, sort of putting that Martial Arts Alliance down as worthless.
What’s more, they described those seven black and silver robes as worse than pigs and dogs ……