“No, I didn’t finish!” Geng Shanshan shook her head forcefully, “Chen Ping, please forgive me, I was really forced to do it, I couldn’t help it!”
“Whether you were forced or not is no longer irrelevant to me!”
Chen Ping started to roll up the car window!
But Geng Shanshan was clinging to the window and wouldn’t let go!
At this moment, Su Yuqi, who was sitting on the pa*senger side, was furious, not caring about the pouring rain outside, she directly opened the car door and walked down!
“Are you ashamed? If you dare to pester my husband again, I’ll have someone break your legs, believe it or not?” Su Yuqi shouted at Geng Shanshan, and then looked at Geng Shanshan with contempt: “What do you think you are? Compared to me, where are you better than me? Are you richer than me? Are you more powerful than me? Or do you look prettier than me?”
“Where are you inferior to me, why should Chen Ping forgive you and choose you? A good horse doesn’t eat gra*s, since you don’t know how to cherish him, it’s already too late to beg him now, hurry up and get lost!”
Su Yuqi kicked Geng Shanshan fiercely, directly knocking her down!
Geng Shanshan looked at Su Yuqi angrily, but she didn’t dare to say a word, nor did she have the face to do so!
Su Yuqi was right, she was no better than her in any way, so why should Chen Ping choose herself?
Only when she saw Geng Shanshan become honest, did Su Yuqi return to the pa*senger side and fiercely close the car door: “Drive!”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi, a small smile appeared at the corner of his mouth, and he charged straight out with a kick of the accelerator!
“Chen Ping …………”
Geng Shanshan hissed, but Chen Ping simply ignored her!
Geng Shanshan had always thought that Chen Ping was covered by Su Yuqi, and that since Su Yuqi had abandoned him, Chen Ping had nothing to fear, but she never thought that she had become a clown, whether it was Gu Wentian or Lin Tianhu, that was not something the Su family had the ability to invite, it was all because of Chen Ping!
Geng Shanshan really couldn’t understand where exactly Chen Ping had changed to become respectful to all these big shots ……
“What are you smiling at? Do you think I’m particularly fierce?”
Geng Shanshan glared at Chen Ping and asked.
Chen Ping hurriedly shook his head, “Not fierce, this kind of character I like!”
“Really?” Su Yuqi smiled, “Seducing my husband in front of me, she’s lucky she didn’t get someone to break his legs!”
Soon, the car stopped steadily in front of the villa, Chen Ping got out and said to Su Yuqi, “You can go back now!”
“Where am I going? I’m all wet, I’ll catch a cold if I go back like this!”
Su Yuqi said and got out of the car too!
“What do you mean? It’s not that you want to stay here, is it?”
Chen Ping asked with a startled look on his face.
“What’s wrong? What’s wrong with me staying here? There are so many rooms here, why can’t I stay here? You don’t want me to share a room with you, do you? Don’t be delusional!”
Su Yuqi finished speaking and walked straight into the villa!
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi’s back, his face was helpless for a while, but inwardly, he was already excited!
Although he had become an immortal cultivator, and although his heart had changed greatly, Chen Ping was still a man!
A normal man, so what a man wants, he wants too!
“Chen Ping, it’s so late and it’s raining heavily, where have you been?”
Hearing the sound of the door opening, Tang Hongying’s voice came through with worry!
“Auntie, sorry, we went hiking and came back too late!”
Hearing Tang Hongying’s voice, Su Yuqi hurriedly explained.
“Oh, so it’s Yuqi, it’s alright, sit down quickly, it’s raining so heavily outside, you’re all wet, right?”
As soon as Tang Hongying heard that it was Su Yuqi’s voice, a smile piled up on her face.
Walking up and touching Su Yuqi, she found that Su Yuqi’s body was all wet, and said with some concern, “Look, your body is really all wet, Auntie doesn’t have a few pieces of clothes either, and you can’t change, what should we do?”
“Auntie, don’t worry, there’s a room upstairs with my clothes in it, I’ll just change into them!”
Su Yuqi said with a faint smile.