“It seems that this stone statue won’t last much longer, I wonder if it can hold up until they break through the Martial Marquis realm ……”
Chen Ping got up and walked out of the forbidden place!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping walk out of the forbidden land, Du Nan hurriedly came forward respectfully!
“How are the others doing with their cultivation? Does that stone statue still produce dewdrops above it every night?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Du Nan.
“Everyone else is cultivating steadily, and the dewdrops produced by the stone statue have increased significantly in recent days ……”
Du Nan replied.
Chen Ping nodded, and then checked Long Xingxu and the others’ cultivation, and was still satisfied with the progress of these people’s cultivation.
But just as Chen Ping walked out of the palace and was about to stroll around, his mind suddenly trembled and his brows instantly furrowed!
“It’s bad …………”
Chen Ping secretly screamed a bad, after following Du Nan to explain a few words, immediately rushed back to Kyoto!
Ge Yuhan’s body followed Chen Ping is some kind of connection, when in the Ge family land, Ge Cang Sheng in order to let Ge Yuhan follow Chen Ping at all times, and let Chen Ping plant a divine sense in Ge Yuhan’s body!
Although Ge Yuhan no longer had to follow Chen Ping closely now that she had the Saintess Soul inside her, that divine sense was still linked to Chen Ping!
Now that Ge Yuhan was imprisoned, Chen Ping sensed it instantly when he walked out.
Back in Kyoto, after seeing Chen Ping, Gu Ling’er and the girls instantly gathered around him.
A group of girls chattered after Chen Ping and said!
“Alright, no need to say anything, I know everything!”
Chen Ping waved his hand, then left the Red Lotus Palace and went to the Ge family!
He needed to know Ge Fuhai to ask for clarification, Gu Ling’er and the gang of women, there were some things that could not be said clearly!
At this time, Ge Fuhai was already like an ant on a hot pot, he knew Ge Yuhan’s identity, if something happened to her, he would not be able to explain!
“Dad, Chen Ping is here ……”
Just as Ge Fuhai was looking anxious, Ge Jiayi pushed the door and said to Ge Fuhai.
As soon as he heard that Chen Ping had arrived, Ge Fuhai flew out the door to greet him!
“Mr. Chen, you’re back, Ge …………”
Not waiting for Ge Fuhai to finish, Chen Ping waved his hand and said, “I know, go inside and talk!”
Ge Fuhai nodded, then turned to Ge Jiayi and said, “Jiayi, send someone to watch the door, no one is allowed to enter!”
After saying that, Ge Fuhai followed Chen Ping into the room, and then closed the door behind him.
Afraid of insecurity, Ge Fuhai waved his palm and a piece of spatial spell instantly enveloped the two people!
“Master of the Ge family, what is going on with Ge Yuhan? Such a big person, how could she suddenly disappear? Also, she’s not weak, so it’s impossible for anyone to be able to lay a hand on her, but I sense that she’s in danger.”
Chen Ping asked to Ge Fuhai.
“Mr. Chen, I don’t know either, I was only informed by Miss Ling’er that Missy was missing, I don’t even know how to explain this to the clan elder.”
Ge Fuhai had a dejected look on his face.
“Ge family head, don’t worry yet, right now Ge Yuhan’s life won’t be in danger yet, I can feel that she is being controlled, but I can’t sense the exact location.”
“Does your Ge family have any way to know where Ge Yuhan is now, so we can go and save her!”
Chen Ping was looking for Ge Fuhai because he wanted to know Ge Yuhan’s location!
Although Chen Ping had left a divine sense on Ge Yuhan, there was no way to sense Ge Yuhan’s location!
“This …… is something I don’t know either, even if there was a way, only the clan elder would know.”
Ge Fuhai said.
“Then take me to the secret realm immediately and find Clan Elder Ge to ask, we can’t delay.”
Chen Ping was afraid that the longer we delayed, Ge Yuhan’s life would be in danger!
One had to know that if Ge Yuhan were to be in danger, it would not only be Ge Yuhan’s life that would be lost, but the Saintess Soul inside her would also perish.