Chen Ping had just walked some distance when they ran into Zhao Liguo and Gu Ling’er who were coming towards them!
When Gu Ling’er saw that Chen Ping was still alive, her whole being actually cried out in excitement.
“Chen Ping …………”
Gu Ling’er ignored the fact that there were still so many people around, and jumped straight up and into Chen Ping’s arms.
“I thought you were dead, I thought you were really dead, why no news for so long, you’re scaring me to death ……”
Gu Ling’er cried as she punched Chen Ping’s chest.
Chen Ping lightly brushed Gu Ling’er’s hair: “Well, I’m back in good shape, aren’t I? Don’t worry, no one can kill me ……”
Seeing this, Long Wu winked towards the crowd, then all of them left, to leave some private space for Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er!
After all, the two hadn’t seen each other for almost two months and would have a lot to say ……
Just as Chen Ping was following Gu Ling’er, Long Xiao also rushed back to Kyoto and went to the Martial Arts Union first!
He had to tell Zhu Zhishan that Chen Ping was still alive!
“Who’s looking for me in the middle of the f*cking night?”
Zhu Zhishan yawned and was called out from inside his room.
When Zhu Zhishan saw that it was Long Xiao who was looking for him in the middle of the night, he couldn’t help but be a little puzzled.
“Long Xiao, what are you doing looking for me in the middle of the night?”
Zhu Zhishan asked to Long Xiao with some dissatisfaction.
“Lord Zhu, that Chen Ping is still alive and has captured my father ……”
Long Xiao said with an ugly face.
“What?”
Zhu Zhishan instantly sobered up, his eyes widened with disbelief!
“You’re not joking with me, are you?”
Zhu Zhishan was somewhat incredulous, how could that Chen Ping still be alive, and how could he have taken Long Jingguo away!
“Master Zhu, do you think I would come to you in the middle of the night to joke around?”
Long Xiao said with a stony face.
After Zhu Zhishan heard this, he sat down on his chair with his buttocks, his face ugly as hell!
“How could this happen …………”
Zhu Zhishan clenched his teeth with a deadly grit, his eyes filled with disbelief.
“Lord Zhu, I’m asking that Chen Ping, in three days’ time, to exchange my father at the performance arena, I’m afraid this is the best chance we have to kill that Chen Ping ……”
The reason why Long Xiao made Chen Ping’s appointment at the Performance Martial Field was to kill Chen Ping.
“The martial arts arena?” Zhu Zhishan frowned, “It would be too bad of an influence for us to openly strike out at Chen Ping and kill him in that place.”
“You have to know that place is a place for tournaments, where conflicts and disputes are settled one-on-one, if we bully the young with the many, then we won’t be laughed at by everyone in the martial arts world!”
“If you can kill that Chen Ping in a solo fight, it’s not impossible, Duke Long, your strength has soared now, so you should have no problem dealing with that Chen Ping, right?”
After all, that place, the Martial Arts Arena, represented the rules of the Martial Arts Union, one couldn’t have the rules set by the Martial Arts Union and end up breaking them by the Martial Arts Union itself!
If that were the case, the martial arts arena would become meaningless, and there would be no more rules to follow from then on.
By setting the place at the Martial Arts Arena, Long Xiao obviously wanted the Martial Arts Alliance to take action, and the Long Family could just stand by and watch!
Zhu Zhishan wouldn’t be stupid enough to listen to Long Xiao’s suggestion!
Zhu Zhishan’s words made Long Xiao instantly become very embarra*sed, he had just been defeated by Chen Ping and fled back in a mess, so if he was asked to follow Chen Ping in a solo fight again, he wouldn’t have the guts to do so.
“Alliance Master Zhu, what I mean is that it doesn’t necessarily have to be done in the martial arts arena, when that Chen Ping releases my father, we can intercept him halfway.”
“Right now, only Alliance Master Zhu has the strength to kill that Chen Ping, if we don’t get rid of him now, this kid will become a big problem in the future ……”
Long Xiao said with a gloomy face.
Zhu Zhishan did not say anything, but hesitated for a moment, then said to a member of the Martial Dao Alliance, “Go and get Vice Alliance Master Ning for a meeting ……”