“Today is really lively, I, Dong Jiahao, will also place a bet, I bet on Brother Chen to win, twenty billion ……”
This time Dong Jiahao brought along two experts at the peak of Martial Sect strength, so it can be seen that the Dong family is not small, no wonder they don’t look at the Martial Alliance!
The appearance of Dong Jiahao made many people very surprised, wondering what relationship this Dong Jiahao had with Chen Ping, and how he could bet on Chen Ping to win.
When he saw Dong Jiahao appear, Guo Wei’s face changed, during the trial, this Dong Jiahao helped Chen Ping in every way, and now he brought two experts at the peak of Martial Sect to appear, so he didn’t know what would happen in today’s competition.
“Long Xiao is here ……”
Just then, someone shouted, and immediately afterwards, they saw Long Xiao following Long Jingguo and slowly walking over!
Behind them were several other experts from the Long family!
At this moment, Long Xiao looked high and proud, his gaze sweeping over the crowd with a face full of confidence!
Seeing Long Xiao coming, many people followed him in greeting, but Long Xiao didn’t say a word!
Some people felt the aura emanating from Long Xiao’s body and couldn’t help but exclaim, “Oh my, the aura on Duke Long’s body now is vaguely at the peak of Martial Sect, that Chen Ping looks like he will definitely be defeated!”
“It’s only been a few short days, and Duke Long’s strength has progressed too quickly!”
“With time, I’m afraid that Duke Long will become the youngest peak Martial Sect.”
A bunch of people were bragging about Long Xiao, while more people were increasing their bets that Long Xiao would win!
Seeing this scene, Long Xiao’s face was overflowing with smugness, he just deliberately exuded his aura.
“Master of the Long Family …………”
At this moment, Guo Wei greeted him and greeted him!
“Director Guo, I see that there are quite a few people from the Martial Arts Alliance arranged around the venue, even the four elders are out, are they afraid that someone will cause trouble?”
Long Jingguo asked with a faint smile.
Guo Wei was slightly stunned, he did not expect this Long Jingguo to be so observant, he had to know that these people arranged were all mixed in the crowd and were not exposed, but he did not want to be directly seen by Long Jingguo.
“Our alliance master is just afraid of making a mess, if something really happens, we can’t account for it in Mr. Shi’s place ……”
Guo Wei explained.
“Hahahaha, the Zhu alliance master is really careful, but in the whole of Kyoto, who dares to make trouble again on such an occasion, that is not looking for death!”
Long Jingguo said with a laugh.
“Master Long, we can’t underestimate that Chen Ping too much now, now that this Chen Ping has his own power in Kyoto!”
Guo Wei had a solemn Yan face, “So the alliance master is afraid that Chen Ping will stir up something, so he intends to use this tournament to directly let the Long Duke kill him ……”
Long Jingguo was stunned, but quickly recovered and said, “Councilor Guo, you can tell Lord Zhu, tell him to rest a*sured that Chen Ping can’t make any waves in Kyoto, in the ring, just let Xiao’er waste him directly, so that that Chen Ping becomes a ruined man!”
“Master of the Long Family, could it be that you have some kind of deal with Chen Ping? Why don’t you want that Chen Ping to die every time?”
Guo Wei was puzzled.
“Director Guo, what kind of deal can we have, I am only afraid that if Xiao’er kills that Chen Ping, when Mr. Shi blames him, won’t my Long Family be the scapegoat? If you want Chen Ping to die, your Martial Union will just send someone to do it ……”
After Long Jingguo finished speaking, he directly led Long Xiao away.
Guo Wei looked at Long Jingguo’s back and gritted his teeth, “Bah, what a thing ……”
As a director of the Martial Arts Union, although Guo Wei’s position was not low, but in the eyes of many large sects and families, Guo Wei did not have much prestige or strength.
Soon, basically all the people had arrived and were only waiting for Chen Ping!