“What if you don’t pay?” Chen Ping asked.
“Don’t hand it over?” A black aura exploded in Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s eyes, “If you don’t hand it over, then I will beat you to the point where your soul will be destroyed and you will never be reborn.”
“And these friends of yours will also become sacrificial offerings at my altar, and I will worship the God of Heaven for sending me such a fleshly body.”
Inside the entire divine hall, the aura changed abruptly, and the doors that had been open were now heavily shut!
Pocky Hu and the others all tensed up and took up a stance to strike!
“Master Hu, relax, it’s just a remnant soul, what the hell are you afraid of?
“Just like this and still pretending to be a god, claiming to be a god, simply shameless ……”
“If the gods of the island shrine are all this way, I wouldn’t mind absorbing all their strength, sitting in their position and enjoying the feeling of being worshipped by millions as well.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Since he claimed to have stepped into a Martial Saint, Chen Ping’s mind was becoming more and more stable, and what came with his increased strength was an incomparable confidence!
“Arrogant man, you seek death ……”
Ono Hiroshi saw that Chen Ping had disparaged the shrine and their god in such a way, how could this be tolerated!
But just as Ono Hiroshi opened his mouth, he only saw Chen Ping not even look at him and casually waved his hand!
A huge aura went straight to Ono Koichi!
Ono Hiroshi’s face was so shocked that he had no time to dodge and was directly knocked out by this powerful breath!
His body smashed heavily against a stone pillar, and a mouthful of blood spurted out!
With a single swing of Chen Ping’s hand, Ono Koichi was seriously injured!
Watanabe Fumio saw this scene and the knot in his throat kept rolling, this time he saw Chen Ping even more as his master to follow forever!
“You’re just a dog, do you have the right to interfere when we speak?”
Chen Ping gave that Ono Hiromichi a cold look, then revealed a faint smile and said to Toyotomi Hideyoshi, “Your dog is barking, I’ll help you clean it up, do you mind?”
“Dasha-chan, you are too wild ……”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi was going to die of anger, the anger in his body kept rising, the cold aura in his eyes flashed, and the clothes on his body were windless.
The aura on that Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s body climbed up, and the entire shrine was instantly enveloped in a black mist that could not be seen!
A sharp ghostly cry rang out, scaring Yumiko into hiding behind Watanabe Fumio!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi pulled out some charms and bit his finger to draw some designs on them!
Immediately afterwards, he put one on each of them.
Soon, in their ears, the ghostly cries disappeared, and even the black mist was invisible!
Only in the eyes of the others, these were still there, and the black mist carried a hint of eerie power within it!
“Hundreds of years ago, no one in your Great Xia ever dared to speak to me like this, and you, a hairy boy, dare to be so reckless!”
“Then let me strip your soul, so that your soul will be destroyed and you will not be reborn forever ……”
With that, that Toyotomi Hideyoshi slowly reached out towards Chen Ping and grabbed his hand!
Buzz …………
The space within the Hall of Gods trembled as a huge palm of the hand was directed towards Chen Ping!
The palm contained a strange power that instantly penetrated Chen Ping’s body, only to grab the soul within Chen Ping’s body!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s soul was floating in mid-air, while Chen Ping’s physical body was still sitting motionless!
Watanabe Fumio and Yumiko, who saw this scene, were both wide-eyed with fear!
They didn’t expect that Chen Ping, who was so powerful, would have his soul drained away in one go!
If this soul was taken out of his body, I’m afraid that the whole person wouldn’t be able to live!