Chen Ping, on the other hand, performed the Royal Fire Steps, constantly dodging the attacks!
Chen Ping’s body appeared and disappeared, causing all of Mu Yao’s attacks to fall short!
Mu Yao looked at the two clusters of Supreme Fire under Chen Ping’s feet and frowned!
“What kind of technique is this?”
Mu Yao did not understand how Chen Ping could be able to move instantly by relying on two balls of flame!
“What do you care about me, isn’t your Mu family famous for its fire technique, then go ahead and try it, I’m not the most afraid of fire!”
Chen Ping smiled coldly with disdain in his eyes!
Mu Yao was going to be pissed off, his own Transition Realm 9th Grade Grand Cultivator, but don’t let Chen Ping, this Transition Realm 3rd Grade tease him, fortunately this was not South End City, not many people saw it, otherwise he would have disgraced the Mu Family!
“Kid, old me will let you see today, the Mu Family’s true fire technique!”
Mu Yao let out a low roar and swung his palms violently towards the mid-air!
A heat wave suddenly converged in mid-air, a huge heat wave that caused the surrounding snow to melt instantly, revealing the brown land!
Those heat waves continuously rolled in mid-air, then this Mu Yao struck out a Spirit Decision, and instantly that heat wave erupted into a fierce flame!
The flames whistled as they rushed towards Chen Ping!
Boom!
The flames connected into a sea of fire, allowing Chen Ping no chance to escape at all!
Soon, Chen Ping was deep in the sea of fire and his figure disappeared!
The corner of Mu Yao’s mouth lifted “Fighting with me, you are still too young ……”
And when Shen Ji Zi, who was on the side, saw this, he was also dumbfounded and sat down on the ground, looking at Chen Ping being buried in the sea of fire, his heart was tense!
Chen Ping was dead, so was this Mu Yao going to target him next?
Shen Ji Zi worried about his fate!
He wanted to escape, but his legs simply wouldn’t listen to him!
“This brat is also tough enough, after being scorched in this sea of fire for such a long time, he didn’t even scream a single time!”
Mu Yao could not help but say as he did not hear Chen Ping screaming miserably!
However, very soon, Mu Yao was a bit dumbfounded as he realised that the sea of fire that stretched for miles was actually decreasing at this moment at a speed that was visible to the naked eye!
Chen Ping’s figure was gradually appearing, only to see that Chen Ping’s entire body was covered in flames, and the flames in the sea of fire were converging towards Chen Ping!
It was as if Chen Ping was absorbing these flames!
“What is this …… this?”
Mu Yao’s face changed drastically!
Shen Ji Zi was also staring with wide eyes, incredulous!
A few moments later, the sea of flames disappeared while Chen Ping had a look of enjoyment on his face!
“Thanks to your fiery flames, it has brightened my Origin Star by a few more points!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Origin Star? Could it be that you have sensed the Origin of Fire?”
Mu Kui was astonished!
“Not bad!”
Chen Ping opened his hand and the Origin of Fire erupted, a flame pulsating in his palm!
The aura emanating from this flame was much stronger than that Mu Yao!
With just this small mass of flame, the heat wave that erupted caused the stones on the ground to start burning!
“No wonder you, a tiny third grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, dared to call my bluff, so it turns out that you have sensed the fire origin ……”
Mu Yao gritted his teeth, his face filled with anger!
If he was not cultivating a fire system technique, with his ninth grade realm of the Transition Realm, Chen Ping would definitely be afraid!
It was a pity that he was a fire technique, while Chen Ping had perceived the fire origin and was not afraid of flames at all!
In that case, although Mu Yao had a high realm and was strong, he could not do much to take Chen Ping for a while!
“Kid, you wait, our Mu Family has more than just fire techniques, I will get you killed sooner or later!”
After Mu Yao finished speaking, he turned around and leapt up, he was ready to leave!
“You want to leave, with my consent?”
The ball of Supreme Fire in Chen Ping’s hand was instantly thrown towards Mu Yao!
Seeing this, Mu Yao gently waved one of his palms, and a flame shield appeared!
But Chen Ping’s ball of Supreme Fire easily passed through the flame shield and hit Mu Yao!