The first thing that happened was that Gu Ling’er wiped her tears and then slowly told the story!
It turns out that when Gu Mantian was still a high official in the provincial capital, he had a good relationship with the Qin family in Kyoto, which was still a small family at the time, but later on, under Gu Mantian’s network, the Qin family grew a little bit.
After Gu Ling’er graduated from university, she was engaged to Qin Feng of the Qin family under the auspices of Gu Mantian. At that time, Gu Ling’er saw Qin Feng’s good looks and strength, so she liked him very much!
But the good times didn’t last long, after Gu Wentian withdrew, Qin Feng unexpectedly followed Gu Ling’er and withdrew from the marriage, and also followed the Bai Manli of the Bai family in Kyoto to propose in public, this incident dealt a great blow to Gu Ling’er, and also to the Gu family, since then the relationship between the two families has been broken up!
“This Qin Feng, he’s simply worse than a beast!” Su Yuqi gritted her teeth in anger as she heard this.
Chen Ping drove in front and could only sigh slightly, as the saying goes, people go away and tea goes cold, and it was manifested in this Qin family, but in today’s society, there are not a few such people!
After finding a random place to eat, Chen Ping he went back, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er slept together to comfort her, while Chen Ping used the night to refine some small reversion pills!
Early the next morning, Wu Xi from the Wu family arrived at his door.
“Mr. Chen, if we are attending the martial gathering, we will have to leave today, I am afraid that if we go late, we won’t even have a place to stay!”
Wu Xi said as he respectfully followed Chen Ping.
“Good, wait for a moment, I will go and give an account!”
Chen Ping nodded and explained to Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng to keep an eye on Su Yuqi before rushing along with Wu Xi to Tianfeng Town!
Tianfeng Town used to be a barren town, but because of the construction of the Medicine King’s residence and the annual martial arts gathering, Tianfeng Town had become prosperous!
There were medical halls and hotels everywhere, and the traffic was so lively that it was much more prosperous than some small third or fourth tier cities!
“Mr. Chen, I have already booked a hotel in advance, but the scale of the hotel here is not comparable to that of the provincial city, so Mr. Chen, please make yourself comfortable!”
Wu Xi led Chen Ping to a modest hotel and stopped in front of it.
“No harm!” Chen Ping didn’t have any requirements about where to stay!
As Chen Ping entered the hotel with Wu Xi, he casually scanned the hotel lobby and found that there were surprisingly quite a number of internal jin experts among the hotel lobby, including some internal jin masters.
As Wu Xi pa*sed through the lobby, quite a few people followed him and greeted him, so it was evident that Wu Xi had quite a few acquaintances.
When he reached the third floor, Wu Xi took Chen Ping to the room closest to the inside of the corridor and said, “Mr. Chen, this is the best room in the hotel, so please make yourself at home!”
Chen Ping walked into the room, the whole room was not big, only a dozen square feet, a bed and a bathroom, although the area was small and somewhat rudimentary, the hygiene was clean and the environment was good, pushing the window open you could see the only trip to the main street in Tianfeng Town!
“Senior Brother Wu Xi, have you booked all the rooms?”
Just then, several people walked towards Chen Ping and Wu Xi.
In the lead was an old man, in his seventies and eighties, his whole body was withered and thin, a line of veins surfaced on his body, just like a dry corpse, but the old man’s eyes were sparkling with light, and he was moving with a dragon’s stride!
And behind that old man followed two young men, one of whom was tall and full of masculinity, while the other was much thinner in stature, though his eyes carried a regal gaze, and his aura kept pervading his body, like a rooster ready to fight at any moment, all arrogant!
It was the taller young man who spoke after Wusi, who was looking at him with a smile on his face at the moment!