“Third Master, what should we prepare for that gift?”
The steward asked in a soft voice.
“Let’s wait until my big brother comes out of customs, this time we have to prepare properly!” Qin Xiaotian did not dare to make the decision, not to mention that Qin Xiaolin would be out of customs in a few days, so it would not be too late to decide on it then.
“Okay!” The butler nodded and prepared to exit.
“Wait a minute, you send someone to keep an eye on Qin Gang, this kid is causing trouble everywhere, let him never mess with that Chen Ping in the next few days, be careful of losing his little life ……”
Qin Xiaotian called the housekeeper who was ready to leave, he knew what kind of virtue his son was, he didn’t have enough to eat, he couldn’t do anything, and he was always calling for Chen Ping to be killed, if this guy really went to provoke Chen Ping, Qin Xiaotian was afraid that his son would be the same as Qin Feng and be killed by Chen Ping again.
The two sons of the Qin family are Qin Feng and Qin Gang, and now that Qin Feng is dead, only Qin Gang is left to carry on the family tradition.
“I know ……”
The steward nodded his head.
………………
Early the next morning, Chen Ping intended to sleep in since he had no aura for him to cultivate and nothing else, but unfortunately the phone rang, it was Su Yuqi calling, asking if Chen Ping was going back!
Chen Ping had no choice but to lie and say that the people from the Miao Village had not been caught yet and that he had to stay in Kyoto, because there were some things that Chen Ping could not talk to Su Yuqi about.
The phone call lasted for half a day, and I could see how much Su Yuqi missed Chen Ping, it had only been a few days since I had seen her, and I missed her so much.
When it was close to noon, the doorbell of Chen Ping’s room rang, and Chen Ping hung up the phone!
Opening the door to his room, he found it was Bai Zhan Tang, who was also carrying a snakeskin bag in his hand.
“Mr. Chen, here are some medicinal herbs that were collected at a high price, my grandfather knew that Mr. Chen needed these for cultivation, so he asked me to send them over here ……”
Bai Zhan Tang opened the snakeskin bag, inside were some Lingzhi, mountain ginseng and the like that were over a hundred years old.
Seeing these things, Chen Ping’s heart did not fluctuate much, with his current cultivation level, this amount of medicinal herbs in front of him would not help his cultivation much anymore, he needed more spiritual energy to do so.
However, Chen Ping was still touched by the Bai family’s feelings, so after accepting the snakeskin bag, he said to Bai Zhan Tang, “You thank Elder Bai for me!”
“Mr. Chen doesn’t need to be polite, my grandfather has said that we can give our best to help Mr. Chen cultivate, even if we take out the entire Bai family business, we will not hesitate ……”
Bai Zhantang said.
Hearing this, Chen Ping was moved inwardly, although he knew that the Bai family and him were mutually beneficial, it was rare for Bai Xiushan to be so broad-minded.
“Come in and sit down ……,” Chen Ping let Bai Zhan Tang in.
“Mr. Chen, if you don’t have anything to do, let’s have a meal together at noon, you came to Kyoto and I haven’t done my best as a host!”
Bai Zhantang said with a smile.
“Sure!” Chen Ping nodded, “But you can’t go to your house, it’s too much trouble ……”
Chen Ping didn’t want to go to Bai’s house just because there were too many people, if he went, they would all surround him, all flattering each other, and he wouldn’t be able to eat a good meal.
Bai Zhantang smiled, he knew what Chen Ping was worried about, so he nodded, “Good, I will take Mr. Chen to a restaurant I often go to, the specialties there are good ……”
Chen Ping nodded, and after changing his clothes, he followed Bai Zhantang out the door.
Soon, the two stopped in front of a restaurant, Bai Zhantang invited Chen Ping in, and the two found a corner and sat down.
“Duke Bai, you’ve come over ……”
When he saw Bai Zhantang, the waiter at the restaurant greeted him warmly, obviously following Bai Zhantang very well.