Chen Ping seemed to notice something and snapped his eyes open, instantly startled by the old man in front of him.
His heartbeat steeply accelerated, his eyes revealed a trace of panic, and he subconsciously took a step back.
“Who …… are you, and why are you here?”Chen Ping asked in surprise, he had clearly probed with his divine sense but had not found anyone present at all, the sudden appearance of this old man had surprised him greatly.
His gaze was firmly fixed on the old man, and his heart was filled with vigilance.
“And you ask me why I appeared here, this sentence should be me asking you, this is my home, what are you doing running to my home?”
The old man questioned Chen Ping with a displeased look on his face.
The old man was dressed in a white robe with white hair, but his face appeared very young, his eyes revealing a hint of majesty and displeasure.
Chen Ping froze and said incredulously, “Your home? You said this is your home?”
His heart was filled with doubts, how could he not expect that this ancient tree space was the home of this old man in front of him.
“Of course, not only here, the entire Beast City is my home!”The old man’s tone revealed a hint of pride and dominance.
He raised his head slightly, his gaze revealing a trace of pride, as if he was showing Chen Ping his territory.
When Chen Ping heard this, his head instantly buzzed in surprise, “Are you …… you the City Lord of Beast City?”
He knew that the City Lord of Beast City hadn’t appeared for a long time, and he didn’t expect that he had been hiding within this ancient tree space to cultivate, and that he had also used the constant flow of spiritual energy from the many cultivators here for his own cultivation.
His heart couldn’t help but feel a hint of fear towards this City Lord’s strength and heart.
“Not bad, I am the City Lord of Beast City, and who are you? There aren’t many people who can enter this ancient tree space.
If you speak clearly, I can let you go, but if you dare to lie, then you’ll stay here forever!”
The Beast City Lord’s words carried a deep threat that made Chen Ping’s heart tighten, and he knew deep down that he had to answer the City Lord’s question carefully.
His mind raced, thinking about how he should explain his arrival to the City Lord.
It was obvious that the illusionary formations surrounding this Beast City were all laid down by this City Lord in order to isolate the Beast City from the Celestial Realm!
Now that it had been thousands of years, if he, an outsider, had entered the Beast City, how would the City Lord react?
There was also the point that if Chen Ping were to tell the truth, it would be a sin of extermination of the nine clans for the three Liu Zhongnan ah!
After much thought, Chen Ping decided not to tell the truth, if this City Lord found out on his own, then he would not be able to blame himself!
“Senior, my name is Chen Ping, I am a casual cultivator, and I don’t know why I was able to enter within this ancient tree space.”
“I only know that the spiritual energy within my body is being absorbed by this ancient tree, so I wanted to see what was going on.”
Chen Ping followed that City Lord and said!
“A casual cultivator?”
The City Lord smiled slightly, “You are the son of a dragon, deliberately entering the prison and then approaching the ancient tree, you are trying to take the spiritual energy collected by this ancient tree for yourself, right?”
Chen Ping froze, somewhat at a loss for words as he looked at the city lord, he did not understand how this city lord knew so much about himself.
Could it be that he was the one who spied on him yesterday?
If this City Lord had spied on him, then he would definitely know some things about himself!
“Within this Beast City, there is nothing that can be hidden from me, much less the idea of this ancient tree.”
“Considering that you are the son of a dragon, a true dragon race, I will not kill you, so leave quickly!”
The City Lord said to Chen Ping!
“Lord City Lord, this ancient tree absorbs the spiritual energy of others, causing many cultivators to all ……”
“Do you still want to air grievances for others and change the rules of Beast City? These are not things you can control, if you don’t want to die, get out now!”The city lord’s face became a bit ugly!