“Good, then I’ll move tomorrow ……”
Chen Ping said, and walked out of the secret room!
“Mr. Chen, our Demon Spirit Sect is so sincere, that Blood Demon’s flesh?”
Song Qingping asked as he looked at Chen Ping.
“Don’t worry, as long as your Demon Spirit Sect is full of sincerity, this Blood Demon’s flesh body will be given to you, and it’s of no use to me.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he simply left!
Late at night, Chen Ping could never sleep and kept wanting to go and see that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
Finally, Chen Ping could not resist and slowly got up and took advantage of the night to go to the edge of the secret realm!
After observing the surroundings, Chen Ping drew the Disembodied Talisman. With the previous experiment, Chen Ping was able to draw the talisman with ease and succeeded in one go!
Putting the talisman on his body, Chen Ping’s soul instantly emerged from his body!
With a glance at his physical body, Chen Ping penetrated the boundary and entered within the chaotic space!
A ma*sive amount of killing power attacked Chen Ping’s soul, but Chen Ping dazzled and held on!
I don’t know how long he walked, but a sudden light dawned before his eyes and Chen Ping re-entered the land of resources!
Chen Ping didn’t look at anything else, he went straight to that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
When Chen Ping got closer, the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu was swaying gently, as if it had sensed Chen Ping!
Chen Ping reached out and stroked it, but unfortunately, because he was a soul, he could not touch it at all.
However, the large amount of spiritual energy coming out of the He Shou Wu tripartite still made Chen Ping feel refreshed for a while!
“How good it would be if I could take this 10,000 year old He Shou Wu away ……”
Chen Ping stared blankly, his eyes filled with helplessness!
But at that moment, that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu suddenly flashed with golden light, and then began to become fainter and fainter!
When Chen Ping saw this scene, he was frozen, only to see the He Shou Wu’s light getting fainter and fainter, and that He Shou Wu also seemed to start becoming transparent, disappearing little by little in front of Chen Ping’s eyes!
“What …… is going on here?”
Chen Ping went up and tried to grab that He Shou Wu to keep him from disappearing, but he simply couldn’t!
Soon, the He Shou Wu disappeared, completely disappearing from in front of Chen Ping’s eyes, as if it had never been here before!
Chen Ping was filled with surprise, and looked at those other medicinal herbs, all growing nicely, nothing unusual!
“How could this happen?”
Chen Ping frowned, he was thinking that there was a way to take this He Shou Wu away after going through that boundary!
Now it had disappeared right in front of him!
Chen Ping thought for a long time, but he could not figure out what was going on.
Back at his place, Chen Ping didn’t sleep a wink and couldn’t figure out what happened to the He Shou Wu!
Early in the morning, Zhou Jie found Chen Ping, she was ready to take him out of the secret realm and go together to the place where that medicinal herb was going to emerge!
Leaving the Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm, Chen Ping thought about it and thought it would be better to take Hu Ma Zi with him!
Although this guy was horny, there were times when he did know a lot!
After some searching, he finally found Hu Pazzi at a hotel!
Chen Ping went up and knocked on the door, and Hu Ma Zi impatiently opened it, Hu Ma Zi was only wearing a pair of underwear, and at this time there were two other beautiful women lying on the bed, clothed in revealing clothes!
When Zhou Jie saw such a scene, she gave that pockmarked Hu a white look, then blushed and walked away to the side, while Chen Ping said to pockmarked Hu, “Master Hu, there will be herbs coming out in three days, I hope you can come with me to see them ……”
Pocky Hu looked at Zhou Jie who had dodged away and reprimanded Chen Ping, “You fellow, why did you bring her here, isn’t this damaging my image?”
“What image do you still have, hurry up and go ……”
Chen Ping stepped forward and pulled Hu Ma Zi and left.
“Hey hey hey …… you have to let me put on my clothes ……”
Hu Pazi was then dragged by Chen Ping, while starting to put on his clothes.
The three of them, headed in the direction of the west of South Lake City.