Chen Ping had been playing with the five-coloured stone for an hour, but he still did not see the name!
It was important to know that something passed down from the five great clans could not be a useless and broken stone!
But Chen Ping also had no way of knowing the usefulness of this stone!
“Mr Chen, what are you looking at?”
Lan Yingying walked over and sat beside Chen Ping!
Chen Ping glanced at Lan Yingying and did not say anything, he was still a little resistant to Lan Yingying!
This woman, he did not like very much!
Looking at Chen Ping in that manner, but Lan Yingying took the initiative to apologise: “Mr Chen, I am really sorry, due to my ignorance and capriciousness in the past two days, the Holy Maiden has suffered losses.”
“And thanks to you for saving me, I know that I was the one who had some prejudice against you!”
Lan Yingying sincerely apologised, she had also discovered Chen Ping’s extraordinary features at this moment!
If it wasn’t because of Chen Ping, not to mention her, it wasn’t certain whether or not these Holy Maidens would have been able to find these Polar Stones and survive until now!
“Don’t mention the past!”
Chen Ping saw that Lan Yingying sincerely apologised, so he did not say anything more!
After all, this Lan Yingying was not bad by nature!
“Mr Chen, I see that you have been holding the stone for half a day, is there something special about this stone!”
Lan Yingying asked as she looked at the five-coloured stone in Chen Ping’s hand!
“This stone has always been warm, I wanted to find out what’s inside it, but there’s no way to probe it at all!”
Chen Ping said, handing the five-coloured stone to Lan Yingying!
When Lan Yingying received the five-coloured stone, she immediately exclaimed, “It’s so hot ……”
The five-coloured stone was thrown to the ground by Blue Yingying!
There was thick snow and ice on the ground, but after that five-coloured stone fell, even the snow actually burned!
Seeing this peculiar scene, Chen Ping’s eyes instantly widened as he picked up the five-coloured stone!
“It’s not hot ah ……”
Chen Ping was puzzled as to how that Blue Yingying would say that this five-coloured stone was hot!
Lan Yingying carefully moved her hand closer, but just as she got closer, she hurriedly flashed away.
“I can even feel the heat waves within this stone, it is too hot ……”
Blue Yingying said!
Chen Ping was a little confused this time, he did not understand what was going on!
At that time, when that Patriarch Luo gave it to himself, it seemed that he did not say that it was hot, and he directly just took it to himself!
Chen Ping looked at the five-coloured stone in his hand and then looked at the burn marks on the ground!
The ground was full of ice and snow, but it could also burn, this was too strange!
“Mr Chen, have you tried to see if the stone will change if you burn it with fire?”
Lan Yingying said!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping felt that he could try it, so in the palm of his hand, a Supreme Flame burned up, and Chen Ping held the five-coloured stone in his hand!
The Supreme Flame burned violently against the five-coloured stone, and soon the light on the five-coloured stone unexpectedly began to become dim!
Immediately after that, the colourful stone, finally turned dark in colour!
This time, Chen Ping was a bit dumbfounded, having burnt this five-coloured stone black!
What should we do?
Just when Chen Ping was at a loss for words, the stone unexpectedly slowly cracked!
Immediately after that, the five-coloured stone crumbled, and inside it unexpectedly revealed an item the size of a crystal core!
This crystal core was crystal clear, but inside it was also five colours, and inside each colour was a very subtle flame!
This time, Chen Ping took the crystal core inside the five-coloured stone and slowly injected a spiritual energy into it!
Light suddenly shot out in all directions, a colourful glow that reflected half of the sky red!
The flames inside began to pulsate violently!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was so frightened that he hurriedly put away his spiritual energy, this kind of vision would easily attract people over!
This would be trouble again if it attracted other cultivators!
“It’s so beautiful ……”
Blue Yingying said with a face full of shock!
“F*ck, the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign’s Supreme Fire Essence?”
At this moment, Chen Ping’s voice rang inside his mind from the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!