“Absorb Origin Breath?” Ji Meiling was stunned “Big sister didn’t open the Origin Space and didn’t sense the Origin, how could she absorb the Origin Breath?”
“Maybe big sister just opened the Origin Space here and just sensed the Origin, let’s not disturb them first.”
Ji Yun pulled Ji Meiling aside and then guarded Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan!
Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen, on the other hand, ran to the side of that Qin Jingyu.
“Prince Qin, are you alright? What just happened?”
Ji Yue asked worriedly!
He was afraid that if something happened to Qin Jingyu, there was no way to follow the Giant Savage Palace to explain!
“Hahaha, what can I have happened, I’ve sensed the origin, I’ve sensed the origin ……”
Qin Jingyu said with an excited face!
“Then I really congratulate Prince Qin, since you have sensed the Origin, why don’t you absorb it quickly, our time in this Ancestral Land is limited.”
Ji Meizhen said to Qin Jingyu!
“Right, right, right, I was so happy I almost forgot.” Qin Jingyu nodded “You two protect me, when we go out, I will report what you two have paid, truthfully to father.”
“Don’t worry, Eunuch Qin, the two of us siblings will take good care of it.”
Ji Yue said!
Soon, Qin Jingyu also began to slightly close his eyes, absorbing the Origin Breath!
Time was passing by minute by minute …………
In the blink of an eye, it was two days, and above the heads of Qin Jingyu, Ji Meiyan and Chen Ping, three vortexes were clearly visible, which were formed by their absorption of Origin Breath!
Only the vortex above Chen Ping’s head was large and fast, clearly absorbing much more Origin Breath!
This was followed by Ji Meiyan’s, and that Qin Jingyu’s head vortex was only slightly visible!
Qin Jingyu suddenly frowned as a bulging sensation continued to increase, it felt as if the inside of his head was being stuffed as if it was about to explode!
Qin Jingyu snapped his eyes open, gasping for air, while the Origin Breath in mid-air, without the suction pulling it, quickly dissipated and then headed towards Chen Ping’s side!
“Prince Qin, are you alright?”
Seeing this, Ji Yue hurriedly asked!
“It’s fine, it just feels like my entire head is stuffed ……”
Qin Jingyu said!
“Could it be that the Origin Breath in Prince Qin’s body is already sufficient and cannot be absorbed anymore?”
Ji Yue also had not opened the Origin Space and had not sensed the Origin, so he just guessed!
“How could it be, look at that Ji Meiyan who has been absorbing Origin Breath all along, she hasn’t even absorbed enough, how could Eunuch Qin have absorbed enough.”
Ji Mei Zhen said as she pointed at Ji Mei Yan who was not far away!
She looked at Ji Meiyan in a bad light, and now that Ji Meiyan had even opened the Origin Space and had also sensed the Origin, this made her even more upset, so she reckoned that she had said so!
Qin Jingyu looked over, and sure enough, he found Ji Meiyan still with her eyes slightly closed, and a vortex of Origin breath above her head, constantly surging towards Ji Meiyan’s body!
Thinking that he couldn’t possibly even be inferior to a woman, Qin Jingyu said “I’m just taking a short break, the Origin Breath in my body is still far from being good ……”
After saying that, Qin Jingyu once again entered the cultivation state, absorbing the Origin Breath!
But Qin Jingyu didn’t know that it would directly kill him!
A few hours later, Qin Jingyu’s forehead began to fill with cold sweat and his body was trembling slightly!
When Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen saw this scene, they both became a little worried!
“Brother, nothing will happen to this Duke Qin, right?”
Ji Mei Zhen asked!
“It shouldn’t, right? I haven’t absorbed the Origin Breath either!” Ji Yue didn’t understand either!
But just as the two were observing Qin Jingyu, Qin Jingyu suddenly opened his eyes, startling Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen!
“Ah…………”
Only Qin Jingyu could be heard screaming miserably, and then his hands gripped his head in death!
Boom …………
Accompanied by a loud bang, Qin Jingyu’s body unexpectedly exploded, and the splattered blood and flesh caused Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen to be in a sorry state!