Boss Meng couldn’t believe it, but he couldn’t disbelieve it.
Poof …………
Boss Meng couldn’t support himself and knelt directly in front of Chen Ping.
“Mr. Chen, it is my eyes that are blind, I beg Mr. Chen to spare my life ……”
Boss Meng desperately kowtowed and begged for mercy!
If Chen Ping was just Su Yuqi’s boyfriend, he wouldn’t be so afraid, after all, if he dared to owe money to the Su family, he wouldn’t be afraid of the Su family, although the Su family was the richest man in Hongcheng, but after all, it was just a business family, those like them who were in the underground were not afraid at all!
But Chen Ping was not only Su Yuqi’s acknowledged boyfriend, but also Lin Tianhu and Gu Wentian’s guest of honour, which was not something he could afford to mess with!
Looking at that Boss Meng, Chen Ping sneered and walked right past him!
As Chen Ping walked back, Boss Meng sat down on the ground, and underneath him, he was already wet!
Chen Ping walked to the street and was about to hail a taxi to go back to his company when he suddenly saw Wang Han Han running from across the road!
“Brother Chen Ping …………”
Wang Han Han saw Chen Ping coming out and excitedly ran towards him!
When Chen Ping saw that Wang Han Han hadn’t left and was actually waiting for him, he was touched in his heart!
But just as Wang Han Han crossed the road, a speeding car rushed over, and when Wang Han Han saw this, she was so scared that she froze on the spot, and her mind went blank for a while!
The driver of the car, seeing someone rushing onto the road, also desperately slammed on the brakes, the ear-piercing sound of the brakes and the smoke from the tyres rubbing together made the whole atmosphere instantly tense up!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s entire Dantian lucked out and rushed out in a flash, directly in front of Wang Han Han, his hands deadlocked against the speeding car!
Soon, the car stopped, and Wang Han Han was still standing dumbfounded, her eyes filled with panic!
“Han Han, it’s okay ……”
Chen Ping pulled Wang Han Han towards the opposite side of the road!
“How can you walk if you’re blind?”
The driver rolled down his window and cursed loudly, obviously he was scared too!
After Chen Ping pulled Wang Han Han away, the driver got out of the car and looked at his car. When he saw a pair of deep palm prints on the front of the car, the driver was so scared that he instantly broke out in a cold sweat and hurriedly got into the car and ran away in a flash!
“Han Han, why aren’t you back at the office?”
Chen Ping asked with concern.
At this time, Wang Han Han had already recovered, she herself didn’t even know why she wasn’t hit by the car, seeing Chen Ping ask herself, Wang Han Han hurriedly said, “I was worried about you, so I waited for you outside, Brother Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Wang Han Han looked Chen Ping up and down with concern.
“It’s fine, those guys are just bullying soft, let’s go back ……”
Chen Ping stopped a taxi and followed Wang Han Han towards the company!
And at this time in the company’s sales department, a bunch of salesmen were sitting around, whispering and discussing!
“That Chen Ping is really bold, he dares to go to Boss Meng’s place to ask for money, he still doesn’t know that those people who asked for money before were all beaten up and bruised!”
“No, Wang Han Han how also went with, that boss Meng can be horny, see beautiful girls want to sleep, our company’s last demand for debt that woman sales, after the demand back to leave, I heard that the back pregnant, is that boss Meng’s!”
“Let’s wait and see, in a while that Chen Ping will definitely come back with a bruised nose and a swollen face!”
These people were whispering, while Sun Xiaomeng was frowning slightly, a little worried about Wang Hanhan!
She wasn’t worried about Chen Ping, even if he was crippled, she wasn’t worried, but Wang Han Han was a young girl who hadn’t experienced anything yet, and it would be a pity if she was spoiled by Mr. Meng!
Now Sun Xiaomeng regrets that she should have stopped Wang Hanhan and not let her go with Chen Ping!