“Yingxia, trust your brother, he can handle it, don’t worry!”
Not waiting for Chen Yingxia to finish, Su Yuqi took Chen Yingxia’s hand and said.
Yingxia didn’t say anything, but she didn’t have any hope, she was already resigned to her fate!
Not long after, it was getting dark outside, and Tang Hongying had returned!
“Chen Ping, you guys get ready, we’ll go out for dinner with your second aunt’s family, Yingxia’s date is treating you!”
Tang Hongying said to Chen Ping.
“It’s that Chen Dogzi?” Chen Ping asked.
Tang Hongying was stunned, but quickly reacted and said, “That Chen Dogzi is not ordinary now, he’s a big boss, you can’t call him Chen Dogzi when you meet him later, it’s not polite!”
“If I don’t call him Chen Dogzi, what do I call him? When I see him later, I want to …………”
“Auntie, go tell my mother, we’ll be right over ……”
Not waiting for Chen Ping to finish, Chen Yingxia hurriedly said to Tang Hongying.
“Good then, you guys hurry up too, don’t make people wait ……”
Tang Hongying said and left!
When Tang Hongying walked back, Chen Yingxia looked at Chen Ping and said, “Brother, parents and aunt don’t know, I keep saying I’m willing, to save them from worrying!”
Chen Ping looked at Chen Yingxia and saw how understanding she was at such a young age, his eyes were full of pity as he stroked Chen Yingxia’s head, “Yingxia, don’t worry, from now on, no one will force you to do what you don’t like, with brother here, no one will dare!”
In front of the car, a man wearing a gold chain, a gold ring on his hand and a cigarette in his mouth was following Chen Ping’s parents and chatting with Chen Yingxia’s parents about something!
Chen Ping could tell at a glance that this guy was Chen Dogzi, and his eyes flashed with killing intent!
“Brother, don’t be impulsive, I beg you …………”
Chen Yingxia seemed to feel the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body and followed Chen Ping with a pleading face.
Looking at Chen Yingxia’s appearance, Chen Ping nodded his head.
A few people got out of the car and walked over, that Chen Dogzi saw Chen Ping at a glance, grinned and said, “Chen Ping, you kid spent three years in jail, how can you still look weak, follow me, you have the experience of jail, can erect the prestige!”
Chen Ping coldly looked at that Chen Dogzi: “Not interested!”
When Chen Gouzi saw this attitude of Chen Ping, his face turned cold, but when he saw Su Yuqi beside Chen Ping, his originally cold face instantly had a smile on it, and his eyes scanned back and forth over Su Yuqi’s body with reckless abandon, which made Su Yuqi simply sickened!
“Miss, my name is Chen Gou, it’s nice to meet you!”
Chen Gou said as he put on a gentlemanly face and extended his hand, which was still wearing several gold rings.
Su Yuqi coldly glanced at that Chen Dogzi without saying a word!
“This is Brother Chen Ping’s girlfriend, Su Yuqi!”
Seeing this, Chen Yingxia was afraid that that Chen Dogzi would get angry and hurriedly said.
Chen Dogzi didn’t get angry, he just smiled and patted Chen Ping’s shoulder and said, “I really underestimated you, you just got out of prison, and you’ve climbed into a little rich girl, you have the ability! ”
When Chen Dogzi said this, he didn’t disguise it in the slightest, his voice was loud enough for all to hear!
“Let’s get out of here, or there won’t be any room!”
Chen Yingxia hurriedly went forward and pulled Chen Dogzi ready to go to the hotel, if we were talking about this, we might get into a fight!
“How can there be no place, the whole Anhe town, where I go to eat, he must have a place!”
Chen Dogzi took Chen Yingxia’s hand and went straight to his bully car, while Chen Yingxia was desperately winking towards Chen Ping with a pleading look on her face, she was really afraid that Chen Ping would follow Chen Dogzi and start a conflict!
Soon, several people arrived in the town, these years of development, Anhe Town is also quite prosperous, the road is lined with many restaurants, Chen Dogzi led Chen Ping and them to a five-storey restaurant.