Only after Chen Ping left did the two men dare to stand up, and seeing that Chen Ping was long gone, they took out their mobile phones and wanted to report back!
But before they could make the call, the two men suddenly froze, followed by the bleeding from their seven orifices, and finally all fell to the ground.
Chen Ping’s breath had already damaged the internal organs of the two men, and Chen Ping would not let them spread the news back.
After looking at the darkness, Chen Ping decided to go straight to Gu Kaiyuan to avoid a long night.
Upon reaching the place, Chen Ping was frozen by the sight before him!
Although Xichuan City was barren, this manor in front of him was a little too luxurious!
The estate, which covered an area of hundreds of acres, was situated with quite a few villas.
Moreover, at the entrance, there was a one-person high stone lion placed, and there was a team of people patrolling back and forth, very tightly guarded.
At this moment, inside the Gu Family Manor, in the hall of an extremely luxurious villa, Gu Kaiyuan’s face was ugly, crossing his steps back and forth, fidgeting!
I don’t know why, but after returning from Dragon Lock Island, Gu Kaiyuan had been in fear, afraid that Chen Ping would find him in trouble.
In the past two days, his eyelids had been pounding and he couldn’t even sleep well!
“Family head, you’d better rest early, the airport, the train station, we’ve sent people to all intersections, if that Chen Ping comes, we’ll definitely know, there aren’t many people in this part of Xichuan, a stranger will easily be discovered, especially that Chen Ping is still a Martial Sect, the aura on his body is easily detected.”
The old butler of the Gu family advised Gu Kaiyuan.
But Gu Kaiyuan frowned and did not go to rest, instead his face was heavy as he said, “Uncle Zhong, I am still not sure in my heart, have all the guards outside been arranged?”
“Family head don’t worry, they are all arranged, all the people patrolling are of Martial Sect strength, that Chen Ping even if he comes, with so many of us, there is no need to fear him, after all this is your home turf, family head ……”
Uncle Zhong comforted Gu Kaiyuan!
After listening to this, Gu Kaiyuan’s heart then relaxed a little and yawned, “Uncle Zhong, then I will go and rest, call me immediately if there is something ……”
“En!” Uncle Zhong nodded his head.
Gu Kaiyuan went back to his room to sleep, while at the moment at the entrance of the Gu family manor, Chen Ping walked towards the entrance with a calm face.
“What man?”
The two bodyguards at the door saw this and were immediately alerted.
Now in the middle of the night, someone was suddenly walking towards the door, and the two bodyguards immediately prepared themselves for battle.
Looking at the two bodyguards at the door, Chen Ping said indifferently, “I am here to find Gu Kaiyuan.”
The two bodyguards looked at each other, and one of them asked, “What are you doing looking for our family master in the middle of the night? Our family lord is not seeing any guests right now, so you’d better go.”
“Of course it’s night time to kill someone, I’m here to kill him ……”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly.
The two bodyguards’ faces instantly changed and they pulled out their weapons.
Looking at the knives in the hands of the two bodyguards, Chen Ping had a cold smile on his face, following which he walked directly towards the manor, completely ignoring the two bodyguards at the entrance.
Seeing this, the two bodyguards became furious and slashed at Chen Ping with their knives.
Clang …………
The two bodyguards’ knives were broken into two pieces at the moment, but Chen Ping’s body was unharmed.
Seeing this situation, the two bodyguards were instantly dumbfounded!
“I killed Gu Kaiyuan, if you don’t want to die, then get lost quickly ……”
Chen Ping still wanted to walk inside the manor.
Seeing this, the two bodyguards threw away the knives in their hands, and then disappeared into the vast night!
They had also come to the Gu family as bodyguards for the money, and now that they saw how powerful Chen Ping was, how could they dare to stay and look for death!
Chen Ping swaggered into the manor, and the bodyguards patrolling the manor now rushed over and surrounded Chen Ping!