“You are not a demonic cultivator, and your demonic to fire is not pure.”
Yun Li gently pressed his long blade, then said to Chen Ping!
“Oh, how do you know?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised!
His current Supreme Flame was not a pure Demon Supreme Flame, but a fusion of many kinds of Supreme Flames!
Unexpectedly, he was seen by this Yun Li with a single glance!
“I have once seen a pure Demon Race Supreme Flame that did not look like this!”
Yun Li said!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he didn’t expect that this person from the Divine Hall, how did he follow the Inferno Demon and still deal with it?
“That Shi behind you, is he a member of the Demon Race?”
Yun Li asked!
Now that Chen Ping would be of the Devil Race’s Supreme Fire, it was very likely that the backer behind him was a Devil Cultivator!
Chen Ping shook his head, “No!”
“Then what is he?”
Yun Li was curious to know what kind of person someone who was able to kill Luo Ta and resurrect him in the process was!
Killing Luo Ta wasn’t scary, and when it really came down to it, he also had the ability to kill that Luo Ta!
Don’t look at the fact that both of them were at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, but Yun Li was after all the son of the tenth hall master!
Just this precious sword in his hand was not something that Luo Ta, an offering, could possess!
When the realms were the same, the competition was all about experience and magic treasures!
But killing Luo Ta and then resurrecting him after, this was a bit outrageous, even his father, the Ten Hall Master, couldn’t do it!
“I don’t know!”Chen Ping still shook his head!
Yun Li frowned and stared at Chen Ping dead in the face, “You don’t know who your own backer is?”
Yun Li was somewhat unconvinced, after all, that Mr Shi was the one who covered Chen Ping!
How could Chen Ping not know what the other party’s identity was!
However, Chen Ping did not say anything, he really did not know what Mr Chen’s identity was!
In the past, Chen Ping was very curious and always wanted to figure out Mr Shi’s identity!
But now, Chen Ping didn’t want to at all, he just knew that Mr Shi was one of the best people to him!
But now, Chen Ping didn’t want to think about it at all, he just knew that Mr Shi was one of the best people for him!
Nothing else mattered!
“I don’t know!”Chen Ping shook his head once again!
Yun Li looked at Chen Ping and didn’t ask again, whether Chen Ping really didn’t know or didn’t want to tell himself, Yun Li knew that it would be fruitless for him to ask any further!
“You are not a cultivator of the Celestial Realm, are you?”Yun Li suddenly asked!
Chen Ping froze, then nodded!
He did not understand how this Yun Li could tell, as if there was no difference between himself following a Heavenly Human Realm cultivator!
No one had ever suspected that he or she was not a Celestial Realm cultivator!
But this Yun Li saw it the first time he saw himself!
One had to say that this fellow’s eyes were really poisonous!
“Do you want to know how I saw it?”
Yun Li asked!
Chen Ping did not speak, expressionless, he did not want to follow Yun Li’s thoughts to dominate him!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not respond, Yun Li continued, “Because in the Celestial Realm, there would not be a genius like you in existence, much less a cultivator like you who crosses levels.”
“You, a Mahayana realm second rank, even if you were a genius, being able to defeat a Mahayana realm third or fourth rank would be considered heaven-defying!”
“But you were able to kill a cultivator at the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, a pervert like you will never be found in the Celestial Realm.”
Yun Li spoke with great confidence, and looking at Yun Li’s confident appearance, Chen Ping only smiled!
As a member of the Divine Race, this kind of confidence from Yun Li was considered the most restrained!
After all, the Divine Race cultivators, could all be high eyed and arrogant existences, it was estimated that when other people came, they wouldn’t even talk to Chen Ping about this, and would just start fighting directly!
“You can ask me now, that’s only fair!”
Yun Li said to Chen Ping!
“What kind of organisation is your divine Temple? And what is the goal?”
Chen Ping asked!
Chen Ping was also very curious about this Divine Hall composed of the Divine Race and wanted to know what kind of organisation this Divine Hall was!
And what was the goal of the formation of this Divine Hall, would it follow the God-Devil War?