At this moment, only Su Yuqi was still crouching in front of the snow wolf, constantly healing its wounds.
The Snow Wolf stood up slowly, but the wounds on its body were still leaving blood.
One man and one wolf, facing five Martial Sect experts.
Su Yuqi took one look at the seriously injured Xiaolan and Gu Ling’er, and a blazing flame actually emerged from her eyes, and immediately afterwards Su Yuqi’s whole body was wrapped in flames, and her whole body was like a man of fire.
Soon the flames broke away from Su Yuqi’s body and transformed into a phoenix in mid-air, hovering above Su Yuqi’s head.
When the five guardians saw this, they all stared in awe, their faces full of surprise.
“Little White, it’s up to us both next …………”
Su Yuqi gently stroked the Snow Wolf’s head.
The snow wolf seemed to understand Su Yuqi’s words and nodded repeatedly.
Su Yuqi took out her dagger and forcefully cut a wound on her palm, blood instantly flowed out, and then brought her palm to the snow wolf’s mouth.
The snow wolf looked up at Su Yuqi, then stretched out its tongue and licked the blood that flowed out of Su Yuqi.
The five guardians looked dumbfounded, not understanding what Su Yuqi was doing.
After licking Su Yuqi’s blood, the snow wolf’s eyes slowly turned red.
“Ow…………”
The snow wolf barked wildly to the sky, the fur on its body exploding up at the roots!
“Be careful all, this female child is a bit odd ……”
The grand protector barked at the other rush protectors.
The other rush protectors nodded, and then all five of them attacked together towards Su Yuqi and the snow wolf.
The fire phoenix above Su Yuqi’s head cried out and flapped a pair of wings as it headed towards the five guardians.
The Snow Wolf bared its fangs and leapt up as well!
“Lao Er, you guys lead the men to deal with that girl, leave this beast to me ……”
After the First Protector finished speaking, he slapped a palm at the Snow Wolf’s body.
The Second Protector nodded and led the other hurried protectors to attack Su Yuqi.
The fire phoenix was in mid-air, its wings flickering, a ball of flames blocking directly in front of the four protectors.
The blazing flames seemed to envelop the four Guardians.
When the four guardians saw this, they slapped out their palms, and the wind of their palms came together to form a wall of wind, so that the flames could not advance even a bit.
The four guardians then leapt up and struck again at the same time, continuously slapping the palm winds forward, the terrifying palm winds met and began to form a tornado, several tornadoes actually surrounded the fire phoenix.
The flames on the fire phoenix were carried directly into the air by the tornadoes, and finally the entire fire phoenix disappeared without a trace.
Su Yuqi’s face was incomparably pale at this moment, and she gritted her teeth with great effort, her eyes wide open as flames began to rise from her body once again.
But before the flames could take shape on Su Yuqi’s body, the terrifying auras of the four guardians had already enveloped Su Yuqi, and several auras struck Su Yuqi’s body, causing the flames on Su Yuqi’s body to instantly extinguish, and her entire body fell heavily to the ground.
Even though she was a Fire Spirit Body, Su Yuqi was still unable to resist two moves against the attack of four Martial Sects, the difference in strength was too great.
On the other hand, the frenzied Snow Wolf, kept attacking towards the Grand Protector, even when the Grand Protector slapped his palm, the Snow Wolf no longer dodged or dodged, and directly grabbed the Grand Protector’s chest with its sharp claws.
The snow wolf was intending to trade life for life, and just as the Grand Protector’s palm sent the snow wolf’s body flying, the snow wolf’s claw also caused a trail of blood to appear on the Grand Protector’s chest.
If not for the Grand Protector’s strong body, this claw of the snow wolf would have disembowelled him long ago.
Now, only Long Wu and Wu Mei Er were still standing intact, but looking at the few people lying on the ground, Long Wu’s body was trembling with rage.
Wu Mei’er, on the other hand, pulled out her dagger, her eyes filled with tears, “Uncle Long, I will go first, if there is an afterlife, I am repaying you for raising me ……”