Seeing this, Ge Cansheng instantly stepped in, and Jiang Wu Ya also stepped in at the first opportunity to block!
“Wind Realm Smoke, the rules of the ring bout, no one can get into the ring while the bout is still going on, you’re blatantly breaking the rules!”
Ge Cansheng knew that Chen Ping was certain to win, so he desperately tried to stop Feng Jing Yan!
Wind Realm Smoke was also furious at being stopped by Ge Cang Sheng and Jiang Wu Ya, and instantly struck out!
But just as they did so, Yu Qian waved his hand and said, “The Secret Realm Conference has just restarted, and you guys are blatantly fighting at the conference?”
Yu Qian’s roar resonated throughout the square, and Ge Cang Sheng and Feng Zhan Yan both stopped!
At that moment, Feng Wu Heng, who was on top of the ring, held up his hands and raised the sky and roared, “I am willing to offer my life to receive, the blessing of the Demon God.”
Along with Feng Wu-hun’s roar, the sky was suddenly filled with dark clouds, and a black ball of light instantly fell on top of Feng Wu-hun’s uplifted hands!
Soon, the black ball of light entered Feng Wu Heng’s body, and Feng Wu Heng began to wail in pain as his body twisted and deformed and fell to the ground!
As if something had drained his blood, Feng Wu Heng’s body instantly became dry, and his aura quickly disappeared, as if he had died!
At this moment, the crowd was all bewildered, not understanding what this Feng Wu Heng was up to, was he going to commit suicide?
“This Feng Wu-hun is really an evil cultivator, he just this is a devil world sacrifice, used to enhance his strength, but this kind of sacrifice will have a certain risk, if the sacrifice is not successful, he will die.”
Ge Cang Sheng looked at that Feng Wu Heng and immediately said aloud!
“Just after summoning the remnant soul, I felt that this Feng Wuxian was an evil cultivator, now he actually used the Devil Realm technique directly, this is 100% an evil cultivator, shouldn’t Wind Realm Smoke explain?”
Jiang Wu Ya looked at Feng Jing Yan and asked!
Just now, Jiang Wuya guessed that the Wind Moon Valley must have a connection with the Demon Heart Sect, now it seems to be certain!
At this moment, Feng Zhangyan’s face couldn’t be more ugly, now that Feng Wuxing had used this move, it was tantamount to admitting the fact that he was practicing evil techniques!
“This sinful disciple, to practice evil techniques behind my back, I will definitely not spare him.”
At this point in time, Feng Jing Yan could only put all the blame on Feng Wu Heng and pretend that he didn’t know about it!
“Feng Jing Yan, your disciple practices kung fu, who would believe you when you say you don’t know, I see that your Feng Yue Valley follows the Demon Heart Sect must have a connection.”
Ge Cansheng said loudly, this was the best time to suppress Feng Yue Valley.
“Ge Cansheng, don’t spout blood ……”
There was absolutely no way Wind Realm Smoke would admit it.
“Alright, stop arguing, let’s talk about this matter afterwards, first let’s see how that Feng Wuxing turns out in the end!”
Yu Qian spoke up, once again putting a stop to Ge Cang Sheng and Feng Jing Yan’s bickering!
At this moment, Chen Ping in the ring, looking at the dry corpse-like Feng Wuhen, frowned because he could clearly feel a terrifying aura changing within Feng Wuhen’s body.
That aura was like emanating from the abyss of hell, sending shivers down one’s spine!
Feng Wuchun’s body slowly began to recover, and his originally dry corpse-like skin began to take on flesh and blood, and that terrifying aura was rising!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that he couldn’t let this Feng Wuxian completely transform, so he wielded the Dragon Chopper Sword and slashed towards Feng Wuxian!
The sword aura shot up into the sky, then fell fiercely, cutting directly on top of Feng Wu-hun’s body!
Feng Wu-hun’s body was instantly chopped into two pieces, splashing blood everywhere!
Only when he saw that Feng Wu Heng had been cut into two pieces did Chen Ping let out a long sigh of relief!
But before Chen Ping could finish his breath, he saw Feng Wuchun’s body rapidly healing and expanding!