When Jue Yuan saw Tong You Gong, he couldn’t help but swallow his saliva and said, “So it’s Lord Tong of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, I wonder if your father is alright?”
Jue Yuan could not understand that for a corpse of Chen Ping, another hidden sect had come!
This Heavenly Thunder Sect was even stronger than the Pure Yang Sect among the hidden sects!
But who knows, Tong You Gong didn’t even look at Jue Yuan, which embarra*sed him to death!
Shi Qingpei looked at this scene and did not dare to make a sound!
He didn’t know about these hidden sects as they didn’t deal much with the secular world.
But looking at Jue Yuan’s attitude, it was obvious that the other party was someone they couldn’t afford to mess with!
“Tong Yougong, there is a first come first served, we were here first, we should take this corpse away!”
Liu Rui said to Tong Youkong.
“Haha, you didn’t kill the man, what’s the use of you coming first.”
“Today, I must take this corpse away, no one can stop it!”
Tong Youkong laughed, not letting go in the slightest!
At this moment, Chen Ping, who was lying in the deep pit, listened to the people above him fighting for his corpse, and had mixed feelings in his heart, but he wished that these people could fight for a little longer, or better yet, fight to give himself more time!
“Tong You Gong, we didn’t kill the man, but you didn’t kill him either, so who are you to just take it away!”
“This man was killed by Master Jue Yuan, then let Master Jue Yuan decide who should take this corpse away!”
Liu Xing threw the question directly at Jue Yuan!
“Good ……” Tong You Gong looked at Jue Yuan!
This time, it scared Jue Yuan, he could not afford to offend either side, how dare he speak!
“I don’t have a problem with …… whoever takes the corpse ……”
I have no problem with whoever takes the body.” said Jue Yuan.
Although he killed the man, but now he has no right to make decisions!
He didn’t want to offend any party, because he couldn’t afford to offend any party!
He had managed to break through to the Martial God realm, and Jue Yuan still wanted to live a few more years!
“Liu Xing, now you and I both want to get this corpse, so let’s fight, whoever loses, get the hell out of my way, that’s fair, right?”
Tong You Gong said with a cold smile.
“Eldest Brother, don’t compete with him, you are not his match ……”
Liu Rui gently pulled Liu Xing and said.
Liu Xing was cold-faced, his high and proud nature made him not to bow down easily!
“What, are you afraid? If you’re afraid, then get lost quickly before I make a move ……”
Tong You Gong looked at Liu Xing with disdain, his eyes were full of provocation!
“Who is afraid of you, just compare, if I lose, I will leave immediately, the corpse is for you ……”
Liu Xing was stirred up, no matter how much Liu Rui persuaded him, Liu Xing couldn’t listen to him!
“Good, then let’s have a match, no one has had a match recently, my hands are still a bit itchy ……”
Tong You Gong said it, a powerful aura suddenly burst out from his body!
When the others saw this, they hurriedly dodged far away!
“Senior sister, you dodge away first ……”
Liu Xing told Liu Rui to also hide away, and then also radiated the breath on his body!
Soon, the aura from the two people, with each of them as the centre, spread in all directions as if they were waves of the sea!
The wind was howling and rocks were flying!
In this instant, the entire Kuchan Temple disappeared, leaving not even a single log behind, only the lone twelve Buddha statues, standing motionless!
Even though they were far away, Shi Qingpei and Jue Yuan could feel the terrifying pressure!
And those devotees who had been kneeling on the ground and had never risen, all their bodies had now burst open, leaving no corpses behind!
Chen Ping had told them to leave, but they did nothing!
At this moment, there was not even a crumb left!
Chen Ping, who was in the deep pit, also felt the same terrifying pressure. A golden light protected Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping did not move a muscle as he seized the time to absorb the power of faith in his body!