“Young man, aren’t you a bit sick in the head? How dare you bet on that Chen Ping and place so many bets.”
“I’ve heard that Chen Ping is only at the Transition Realm, even if he’s at the peak of the Transition Realm, there’s no way he can be a match for Prince Mu.”
An old cultivator with a white beard said to Chen Ping!
“No, I heard that that Chen Ping is only at the seventh rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, but even if he is at the seventh rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, it would be enough to beat that Mu Qing.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, all the cultivators were in an uproar, mocking Chen Ping, thinking that Chen Ping was just talking nonsense!
A seventh grade cultivator of the Transition Realm being able to defeat a peak first grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm, wasn’t that a joke?
“Who is saying that a seventh level Transition realm cultivator can defeat a first level Mahayana realm cultivator? I’d like to see who’s so crazy!”
At this moment, an icy voice came out, followed by Tan Rongkun walking in with his men!
Seeing Tan Rongkun appear, the many cultivators in the gambling house were all slightly stunned, and couldn’t help but back away!
The aura that naturally emanated from a cultivator of the second rank of the Mahayana Realm was enough to give these cultivators the chills!
This is the Mahayana Realm, the realm closest to Immortalisation, how many people cultivate desperately, and in the end, they are all stuck in the Ferrying Realm ah!
Although it seems that there are as many Mahayana realms as dogs, according to the proportion of cultivators in the Celestial Realm, Mahayana realm cultivators are also a rare species!
Qian Pavilion Master saw Tan Rongkun bring people, also is slightly frowned, Tan Rongkun body that blood aura, obviously is a devil cultivator, but also often kill the kind of!
Chen Ping looked at that Tan Rongkun, also frowned uncontrollably, because he felt from the aura of this Tan Rongkun’s body following that Di Chongjing and Jiang Patriarch had some similarities!
“Fellow Daoist, this is a gambling house for everyone to have fun, so there’s no need to take some words seriously.”
Qian Pavilion Master stepped forward and said to Tan Rongkun with a smile on his face!
Pavilion Master Qian was afraid that this Tan Rongkun would be angered by what Chen Ping had just said and then fight!
After all, when Chen Ping said that the seventh rank of the Transition Realm would be able to beat a first rank of the Mahayana Realm, for a cultivator of the Mahayana Realm to hear that, his heart would definitely not feel good!
To be able to cultivate to the Mahayana Realm, there must be something outstanding about them and they had gone through a lot of hardships, and now that they had been denied so lightly, their hearts would definitely not feel good!
“Don’t worry, this is the Wantong Pavilion, I won’t bully the small with the big, but since someone thinks so highly of that Chen Ping and bet a lot of money, then I’ll come and place a bet as well, but I’ll bet on Mu Qing to win.”
After Tan Rongkun finished speaking, he threw out a bag of purple gold spirit coins and bet on Mu Qing’s side!
After betting, Tan Rongkun coldly glanced at Chen Ping and said, “Kid, on the day of the competition, I hope to see you there, don’t run away!”
As he spoke, the aura on Tan Rongkun’s body suddenly erupted, heading straight towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was only at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, a slight bit of pressure would be able to bring Chen Ping to his knees!
But when Tan Rongkun’s aura pressed towards Chen Ping, Chen Ping stood motionless, as if he did not have a single feeling!
Tan Rongkun couldn’t help but frown, and his aura increased a few more points!
However, Chen Ping was still motionless, although Chen Ping was not moving, the people around him could not bear it!
Many people had clenched their teeth and tried their best to support themselves, while others directly collapsed on the ground!
“Fellow Daoist, I hope that you will give our Wantong Pavilion face and stop causing trouble here!”
Pavilion Master Qian’s face was red as he said to Tan Rongkun!
At this moment, the Qian Pavilion Master was somewhat unable to bear it, and could only threaten Tan Rongkun with the Wantong Pavilion!
Tan Rongkun withdrew his aura, and after giving Chen Ping a surprised look, he turned around and left with his people!