“Mr. Chen, since there are living things here, could there be people present?”
Liu Xing asked curiously.
“I don’t know, anyway, this place is very odd, just pay attention to it ……”
Chen Ping said!
After saying that, the crowd carefully followed behind Chen Ping and slowly walked forward, although everyone was careful, they still kept stepping on those white bones!
Because there were too many white bones, covering almost the entire valley, so even if one was careful, there was no way to avoid it!
“Click …… click …… click ………… ”
Suddenly, a regular sound rang out, a very piercing sound in this deadly silent valley!
Chen Ping stood still for a moment, and then looked around warily!
Everyone looked alarmed too, wondering where the sound was coming from!
But soon, they realised that this clicking sound was beginning to resonate throughout the valley!
“Mr. Chen, look ……”
Liu Rui shouted, and immediately afterwards, the crowd saw that those scattered white bones on the ground had actually moved!
Only to see those white bones slowly floating up and immediately re-forming into a human shaped skeleton!
Slowly, there were more and more of these human skeletons, and almost all of the white bones on the ground stood up again!
Thousands of skeletons surrounded Chen Ping and the others!
This sudden scene scared everyone into a panic!
“What is this …… situation?”
Yue Buqun at this point, all began to panic!
Soon, thousands of skeletons, with weapons in their hands, began to keep closing in on Chen Ping and the others!
Chen Ping and the others were now beyond retreat, and in the face of the approaching skeletons, Chen Ping waved his hand and the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in his hand!
“Let’s rush out backwards now, don’t go deeper yet ……”
Chen Ping intended to lead Yue Buqun and the others to rush out of this valley, this just came in and ran into this situation, if they were to go deeper, they didn’t know what other dangers would come.
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he took the lead and chopped his sword towards those skeletons, and this one sword directly chopped a dozen skeletons to pieces!
Just after Chen Ping had killed a dozen skeletons with his sword, a dozen untraceable auras instantly entered Chen Ping’s body!
Only Chen Ping didn’t notice it, because these dozen of breaths were really weak!
“Kill …………”
Yue Buqun and the others also flashed their weapons and rushed towards those skeletons to kill them!
But soon, they realized a problem, those skeletons that Yue Buqun and the others had killed were scattered, but were able to rea*semble themselves very quickly!
But the skeletons that Chen Ping had killed with his sword had simply shattered into powder, and had literally disappeared!
This situation made everyone look confused, even Chen Ping himself didn’t know what the reason was!
After fighting for half a day, Yue Buqun and the others hadn’t killed a single one!
Although the skeletons weren’t that strong, there were too many of them, and they were supposed to be unconscious things, so they weren’t afraid at all, charging forward desperately!
Soon it made Yue Buqun and the others feel a bit stretched and their speed on their hands slowed down!
“Mr. Chen, you don’t have to mind us, or you can run first ……”
Yue Buqun said to Chen Ping!
Yue Buqun knew that although they could still support themselves now, but if it took longer, they would not be able to support themselves, after all, these skeletons were immortal to them, no matter what, they could not be killed!
“I am not going to leave you guys behind ……”
Chen Ping finished, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand emitted a dazzling golden light!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping cast out the Nine Shadows Sword Technique, and instantly six figures appeared!
Six identical Chen Ping’s, shielding Yue Buqun and the others behind him!
Immediately afterwards, the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was wielded in a dense manner, and with each sword strike, a dozen skeletons were turned into powder!
And the aura emanating from the skeletons’ bodies gathered more and more in Chen Ping’s body ……