Chen Ping took the phone and the image on it was none other than Su Yuqi being tied up and a black-robed man with a leather whip continuously beating on Su Yuqi’s body.
And while beating, he was also provoking Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, I know you must be able to see this video, you can’t even protect your own girlfriend, and you still have the audacity to challenge our Martial Arts Union.”
“I pooh, you don’t even look at your own virtue, just one of us can kill you.”
“Now I’ll show the martial arts world that you brag all day long, but you can’t even protect your own girlfriend.”
With that, the leather whip struck Su Yuqi’s body fiercely for the second time.
Su Yuqi clenched her teeth tightly, not making a single sound, her eyes filled with anger!
Seeing all this scene, Chen Ping’s body was trembling and his teeth were clenched.
A terrifying killing aura instantly erupted from Chen Ping’s body.
“Martial Dao Alliance, I will kill all of you ……”
Chen Ping violently crushed the phone in his hand, his eyes turning scarlet!
The power on Chen Ping’s body was swimming, his entire body seemed to be going into a frenzy, his anger had caused Chen Ping to lose his mind.
Feeling the aura from Chen Ping’s body, Long Xingxu was shivering!
Chen Ping got up and said to Long Xingxu, “Gather everyone from the Dragon Sect, I want to leave the Martial Alliance without a single living soul ……”
“Brother Chen Ping, tomorrow we are going to follow the official competition of the Wudao Alliance, the battle posters have been sent out, if we do it now, we are afraid in the Wudao world ……”
“Shut up, I’m going to let everyone in the Martial Dao Alliance die now.” Not waiting for Long Xingxu to finish, Chen Ping roared, “In addition, inform all clans in the martial dao world that anyone who joins the Martial Dao Alliance is an enemy of my Dragon Sect, and will be subject to my Dragon Sect’s revenge.”
Seeing this, Long Xingxu nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll go now.”
After Long Xingxu left, Chen Ping walked out of the room and threw back his head and roared!
“Ah …………”
The loud roar instantly spread over a dozen miles in all directions, and the golden light on Chen Ping’s body was flickering continuously as a terrifying aura swept over like a tsunami all over again.
The imperishable golden body activated, a piece of golden scales covered Chen Ping’s whole body, and also the dragon chopping sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand!
Chen Ping couldn’t wait any longer, he wanted to go and kill all those guys from the Wudao Alliance right now, leaving no one behind ……
“If I don’t destroy the Martial Alliance, I, Chen Ping, will never be a human being ……”
Chen Ping roared!
The bright golden light caused many people to open their eyes.
Hu Ma Zi, Gu Ling Er, Long Wu and the others all felt the anger from Chen Ping and one by one they all came running!
They had also all seen the video on the Martial Arts Forum, and everyone was filled with righteous indignation!
Looking at Chen Ping’s scarlet eyes from anger, everyone showed their heartache.
They knew how hard it would be for Chen Ping at this moment!
“Mr. Chen, if you mess up your mind at this time, it will be exactly what they want for the Martial Alliance, so think twice.”
Zhou Jie came and spoke to Chen Ping persuasively.
“Right, Chen Ping you have to be calm, the Martial Arts Alliance is obviously releasing this video at this time to stimulate you, as soon as you get angry, you will definitely mess up your mind.”
Long Wu also spoke to Chen Ping and advised him.
“As I said, that is just a reflection, not your real girlfriend, so when you think of it that way, your girlfriend did not suffer a severe beating.”
Zhou Jie was still persuading Chen Ping.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s berserk aura was slowly reining in, and he was reciting the Clear Heart Mantra in his heart!
“I know, I won’t mess up my mind.” Chen Ping nodded, “But I feel that I will not rest until I destroy the Martial Dao Alliance this time.”
Although Chen Ping didn’t bother with the Martial Alliance, those wallflower clans that had joined the Martial Alliance were all out of luck!
In just one night, the Dragon Sect went out and wiped out a dozen clans!