“If you lead people to attack the Broad Cold Palace, it’s bound to cause a lot of damage, and you won’t be able to avenge your son’s death!”
Pavilion Master Qian was persuading Mu Kunrong!
Mu Kunrong, who had come out of the gate, had no idea of Chen Ping’s whereabouts for a while, so he wanted to clean up the Guanghan Palace first, and then look for that Chen Ping!
However, it was blocked by the Wan Tong Pavilion’s Qian Pavilion Master, and Mu Kunrong was invited here!
After all, the Mu Family also used the Wantong Pavilion in many places, so Mu Kunrong didn’t want to follow the Wantong Pavilion and fall out!
“Pavilion Master Qian, I can give you face, but what if that Chen Ping doesn’t show up?”
Mu Kunrong asked coldly!
“Don’t worry, Family Master Mu, I have already sent someone to notify Guanghan Palace, and I believe that Guanghan Palace has also notified that Chen Ping.”
“Three days later, if that Chen Ping does not show up, feel free to attack Guang Han Palace, I will never be in the way.”
Pavilion Master Qian swore with assurance!
Right now, all Pavilion Master Qian could do was to try to stall for time and wait for Chen Ping to come!
If the Mu Family really made a move against the Guanghan Palace, it was feared that the Guanghan Palace would have to suffer great losses!
“Good, then I will wait here for three days for that Chen Ping, if he doesn’t show up, then don’t blame me for being ruthless!”
After Mu Kunrong finished speaking, he directly drank the tea in front of him and left!
Seeing Mu Kunrong leave, Pavilion Master Qian then let out a heavy breath!
“Mr Chen, I can only help you with this, the next step is up to you ……”
Pavilion Master Qian had been entrusted by Chen Ping to secretly take care of the Wide Pavilion!
However, after all, the Wandering Pavilion was only doing business, and Pavilion Master Qian was only a sub-pavilion master, he simply did not have the ability to order the Mu Family anything!
The only thing he could do was to stall for time and wait for Chen Ping to resolve the matter himself!
…………
“Ji Yun, speed up a little bit in …… “On the airship, Chen Ping’s face was gloomy as he said to Ji Yun!
“Good!”
Ji Yun accelerated the speed of the blimp!
Because Chen Ping had countless resources on his body at this time, the consumption of the blimp was just a drop in the bucket for Chen Ping!
As the blimp was travelling at a rapid speed, Chen Ping had no intention of enjoying the scenery of the Heavenly Demon Mountain Range!
After all, Chen Ping had already flown over the Heavenly Demon Mountains more than once!
“Master, you shouldn’t be in too much of a hurry, relax a bit ……”
Zhong Li snuggled into Chen Ping’s arms and softly persuaded!
Chen Ping smiled faintly and then pressed Zhong Li underneath him!
After two days and three nights of sailing, the blimp reached the skies above South End City on the third day!
Seeing the appearance of the blimp, Pavilion Master Qian was the first to get the news!
After all, there was no second person other than Chen Ping who was able to fly in a blimp in the Southern Domain and also arrive over South End City!
Anyone else who wanted to take a dirigible would have to take the Wantong Pavilion’s before they could do so, and anyone else who wanted to harness a dirigible in the Southern Domain would also need the Wantong Pavilion’s permission!
However, Chen Ping could fly as he pleased, and the Wantong Pavilion would not do anything to Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping and their blimp landed at the South End City Square, Pavilion Master Qian personally brought someone to greet them!
“Mr Chen, we meet again ……”
Pavilion Master Qian walked towards Chen Ping with a smile on his face!
Chen Ping walked down from the blimp and also smiled faintly as he shook hands with Pavilion Master Qian!
Suddenly, Pavilion Master Qian froze, then shocked, he surveyed Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, have you …… you already crossed the ninth grade realm of the Tribulation Realm?”
Chen Ping nodded!
Pavilion Master Qian’s face was filled with incredulity, Chen Ping had killed Mu Qing in South End City and left, it had only been a few days ah, but he had already risen to the ninth rank of the Transitional Sedimentary Realm!
This speed of realm advancement was comparable to a rocket!
“Mr Chen is truly a person of exceptional talent, with this speed of realm advancement, to ascend to the Heavenly Realm, it would only be a matter of a snap of the fingers.”
Pavilion Master Qian touted at Chen Ping!
“Pavilion Master Qian, thanks to you for holding back that Mu Family, or else Guanghan Palace would have suffered, I’m afraid.”
Chen Ping thanked Pavilion Master Qian!