However, the other party was here to help herself, so Ji Ru Xue could not show her disgust, and could only smile and say, “I wonder what this gentleman, what is the business of coming to my Red Lotus Palace?”
The man looked straight at Ji Ru Xue.
“Palace Master Ji really lives up to her name, with her white skin and long legs, she’s really pretty!”
The man said, wiping a handful of saliva and continued, “My name is Chen Chen, I saw Palace Master Ji’s announcement and came here on purpose to help Palace Master Ji.”
The disgust in Ji Ru Xue’s eyes intensified as she looked at the man’s prodigal appearance.
Only to still act with a smile on his face and say, “Sir Chen, since you saw the announcement, then you know what our Red Lotus Palace is facing, do you really have the ability to deal with it?”
Ji Ru Xue would not easily trust the man in front of her, after all, that Xiang Chong was not a bad strength, in addition to having the Holy Beast Palace behind her, ordinary people would not dare to go against Xiang Chong at all.
“Of course I know, isn’t it just to deal with that pervert Xiang Chong? I tell you, when that Xiang Chong sees me, he will definitely kneel down and call me grandpa.”
“As long as I am in the Red Lotus Palace, that Xiang Chong will never dare to touch the Red Lotus Palace!”
The man’s face was confident, but then his words changed and he said, “But I helped the Red Lotus Palace, I wonder if what the Palace Master Ji has promised is true?”
Ji Ru Xue blushed slightly, but still bit her lip and said, “If Duke Chen really saved our Red Lotus Palace, of course what I said is true, there is no deception whatsoever!”
“Hahahaha, that’s good, as long as I’m here, I can guarantee that the Red Lotus Palace is fine!”
Chen Chen looked lustfully at Ji Ru Xue and laughed out loud.
“Sir Chen, don’t forget, that Xiang Chong has the Holy Beast Palace behind him, you need to ……”
“Don’t worry about it, report my father’s name, that Sacred Beast Palace will also have to give a few face.”
Not waiting for Ji Ru Xue to finish, that Chen Chen waved his hand and said.
Ji Ru Xue was stunned, she didn’t expect that this Chen Chen was still a magnate’s son, looking at the appearance, their family must be very bullish.
“Sir Chen, I wonder if your father is?” Ji Ru Xue wanted to know what Chen Chen’s father was, to the extent that the Sacred Beast Palace gave face to him.
“Palace Master Ji don’t ask, since I’m making sure that your Red Lotus Palace is fine, that’s all that matters!”
Chen Chen looked like he didn’t want to say anything, so Ji Ru Xue stopped asking.
“Since that’s the case, then please come inside, Sir Chen ……”
Ji Ru Xue slightly bent over and made an inviting gesture.
The glimpse of snow white on her chest was revealed, making that Chen Chen’s eyes go straight and harrumph.
Chen Chen walked up to Ji Ru Xue and reached out to grab her hand, only to have Ji Ru Xue dodge it lightly.
Chen Chen was stunned and then said, “Palace Master Ji, are you going to back out? Didn’t you say that you would sleep with whoever helped your Red Lotus Palace?”
Chen Chen’s words were so blunt that they caused Ji Ru Xue’s face to blush up to her neck.
“Don’t misunderstand, Sir Chen, I did say that I would sleep with whoever saved our Red Lotus Palace, only that Xiang Chong hasn’t come yet.”
“When Xiang Chong comes and after Duke Chen drives him away, I will naturally accompany Duke Chen properly ……”
Ji Ru Xue said with some embarra*sment.
“If that’s the case, I really hope that Xiang Chong will come sooner!”
With some loss in his eyes, Chen Chen followed Ji Ru Xue into the Red Lotus Palace.
Looking at those female disciples of the Red Lotus Palace, Chen Chen’s eyes were all blurry, wishing he had grown a hundred pairs of eyes.
When Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Chen like that, she was already disgusted to the core in her heart.
“Palace Master Ji, as the saying goes, the long night is long, since you can’t accompany me, it’s fine to order a random female disciple to accompany me.”
“I heard that the female disciples of your Red Lotus Palace are all big girls ……”
Chen Chen looked at so many beautiful girls and somewhat couldn’t help himself, saying to Ji Ru Xue.
Ji Ru Xue held back the anger in her heart and said to Chen Chen, “Sir Chen, don’t be in a hurry, when we drive Xiang Chong away, my Red Lotus Palace will definitely thank you heavily, by then you can have whatever you want ……”