Zhao Wuji couldn’t compare with Zhu Zhishan’s strength, and the two had long since ceased to be of the same world.
“Is your Martial Alliance that shameless?”
Dong Jiahao said with a cold snort.
Zhu Zhishan’s gaze instantly looked at Dong Jiahao, “Dong Jiahao, this is none of your business, you’d better get lost, if you P*ss me off, not to mention there are two peak Martial Sects protecting you, even if there were ten, I’d just as easily take your dog’s life ……”
“You ……”
Dong Jiahao was furious, his eyes filled with anger.
“Young master ……”
At this moment, those two peak Martial Sect powerhouses of the Dong Family directly pulled Dong Jiahao back!
They knew that with the strength of the two of them, there was no way they could follow Zhu Zhishan in a confrontation, not to mention that there were still four Law Enforcement Elders of the Martial Dao Alliance here!
“Brother Dong, thank you, you guys should back off, I don’t want you guys to get hurt because of me ……”
Chen Ping also knew that this bit of power he had was not enough to follow the Martial Dao Alliance in a fight.
Dong Jiahao was dragged down by two of his men.
“You guys go down too!”
Chen Ping turned around and looked at Zhao Liguo and Bai Xiushan and the others!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Both Zhao Liguo and Bai Xiushan were unwilling to go down, after all, they were now tethered to Chen Ping.
“Big brother Chen, let’s fight them, I don’t believe that in front of so many people, the Martial Alliance would dare to kill us all ……”
Zhao Barging said without fear.
But just as Zhao Barging finished his words, he only saw Zhu Zhishan casually wave his hand, and Zhao Barging’s body directly flew backwards!
“Barging son ……”
Zhao Liguo hurriedly stepped forward and helped Zhao Barging up.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth with a fierce look on his face, “The person you’re dealing with is me, do it to me if you have the guts ……”
“Chen Ping, you are still too young to follow the Martial Arts Union to fight, just with these people behind you still want to follow me to fight? I only need to say one word, there are people on the scene who will exterminate them for me.”
“You should behave yourself and not make a fearless struggle.”
Zhu Zhishan said to Chen Ping in a condescending manner.
“I’ll bind your mother ……”
Chen Ping had already put his life and death on the line, today, whether he lived or died, he was going to suffer for once!
After saying that, he slapped his palm at Zhu Zhishan!
Zhu Zhishan frowned, and his body flickered away, unexpectedly returned to the grandstand!
“Arrest him ……”
Zhu Zhishan would not personally follow Chen Ping’s hand, so many people were watching, if he and Chen Ping were to do it themselves, that would look like they had too little status.
Upon hearing this, the four law enforcement elders instantly made their move towards Chen Ping!
Four invisible shackles came towards Chen Ping, and in an instant, Chen Ping’s limbs were bound, making him unable to move!
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open, the golden light on his body began to flicker, and the partially recovered power of the divine Dragon was all exploded out by Chen Ping at this moment!
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping roared in anger, gritting his teeth as he desperately resisted, trying to break free of the shackles!
But these four Enforcement Elders, all at the peak of Martial Sect, they only obeyed the words of the League Master, even Guo Wei had no right to order them!
Chen Ping struggled frantically, and when those four Law Enforcement Elders saw this, they looked at each other before instantly sending out a light from the four of them.
This light was like an electric current that flowed down that shackle towards Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body trembled violently as a stream of blood shot out from Chen Ping’s body!
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s body could not withstand it and fell to the ground with a loud bang.
“Hmph, not measuring up to yourself ……”
Looking at the fallen Chen Ping, Zhu Zhishan snorted coldly!
Just as the four law enforcement elders wanted to step forward to take Chen Ping away, they were surprised to find that Chen Ping slowly stood up.
At Chen Ping’s brow, a bright red smear, like a flame was burning!