“Since there’s no danger, let’s all rest quickly to recover our strength, I’ll first refine some pills for Boss Cai, and try to make sure he can recover first thing in the morning ……”
Chen Ping said to the crowd!
The crowd all began to sit on their knees, recovering their strength!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was quickly refining pills for Cai Hongwei to repair his meridians, Cai Hongwei had to recover to his peak as soon as possible, so that they could pass through this Chilian Mountain Range without any problems, or else when would they be able to walk out if they kept holding Cai Hongwei up!
After everyone had rested, Chen Ping slowly walked out of the cave!
The surroundings of the cave were quiet, there was not a single sound, not even the roar of the demonic beasts!
Chen Ping quietly felt the breath of this place, he always felt that this breath was somewhat familiar, but he couldn’t recall how!
“Master, why don’t you go take a rest?”
The Fire Phoenix also walked out of the cave at this time and asked!
“I always feel like there’s something familiar here, but I can’t remember.”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
“Master, there is definitely a demonic beast occupying this place, I can feel it, only that I can’t sense exactly what demonic beast it is.”
“Moreover, the trees in this area are obviously different following the rest of the place, it looks like the demonic beast that occupies this place will never be an ordinary demonic beast.”
Fire Phoenix said!
“That’s for sure, even that Silver Red Tiger Tiger King doesn’t dare to approach and persuade us, then the demonic beasts in this place will definitely not be ordinary.”
Chen Ping also understood that a demonic beast that the Silver Red Tiger Tiger King was afraid of, how could it be an ordinary demonic beast!
“The two of us will turn around, this place is not large, if that demonic beast is still around, we will definitely be able to discover it.”
Chen Ping brought along the Fire Phoenix and began to explore around this cave entrance, wanting to see what kind of demonic beast was occupying this place!
However, after circling around twice in a row, he did not find anything, which made Chen Ping very puzzled!
<br> Logically speaking, a demonic beast that was more powerful than even the Silver Red Tiger Tiger King must be very huge in size, it was impossible that it could not be discovered!
“Maybe that demonic beast happens to be absent, this is good, we can leave after resting, so as not to be in any conflict!”
Seeing that no demonic beast was found, Fire Phoenix said!
Chen Ping could only nod his head “Let’s go back ……”
But just as Chen Ping and Fire Phoenix were planning to enter the cave, suddenly the earth trembled and a powerful breath fluctuation surged out from within that cave.
Chen Ping and Fire Phoenix were stunned, followed by a hissing sound as Miao Lao and the others ran towards the outside of the cave!
Everyone had panic on their faces, and their mouths were shouting “Dragon, there is a dragon …………”
As everyone ran out, a heat wave erupted from the cave!
Immediately after that a head the size of a house was revealed from the hole!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly led the crowd backwards!
Soon, the dragon drilled out half of its body from the hole, and with only half of its body exposed, it was already tens of metres long!
Chen Ping could tell at a glance that this was not a dragon, but a jiao, which looked similar because it was about to metamorphose into a dragon!
This kind of scaly dragon was considered a type of snake and was not considered a dragon!
“How can there be a dragon in this …… cave?”
Cai Hongwei was scared enough, he had just said that the cave was very safe, and now a huge sized dragon had emerged!
“The strength of this dragon is too strong, faint is the aura on it, we can’t even withstand it.”
Elder Miao’s face was also incredibly pale!
After all, when they encountered this kind of demonic beast, they didn’t have the slightest power to fight back!
When the fire phoenix saw the scaly dragon in front of her, she was also shocked saying “What a big scaly dragon, this is the first time I’ve seen it, you have to know that turning from a scaly dragon into a dragon is a nine deaths and one life.”
At this moment, the Jiao Dragon looked at Chen Ping and the rest of them cultivators with those big eyes!