At such a young age like Mu Qing, having such a cultivation level, his future in the future was immeasurable!
Chen Ping looked at Mu Qing and said loudly, “If you have the ability to change back to your own appearance and fight me, do you dare?”
“I’m not a fool, that’s it, I won’t make a move, I’ll let you have three moves.”
Mu Qing chose not to make a move and let Chen Ping have three moves in order to humiliate him in public!
“Alright, it’s a deal, if I can’t defeat you in three moves, I’ll kneel and kowtow to you!”
Chen Ping said loudly!
He was looking for an opportunity to stall for time, and this Mu Qing delivered it to his door!
“Hahaha, a promise is a promise, with so many people as witnesses, you’ll just wait to kowtow to me!”
Mu Qing laughed loudly, his tens of feet tall silhouette, trembling lightly!
“Get ready, my first move is coming.”
Chen Ping began to luck out!
“Second Prince, no ah, it’s too dangerous.”
Seeing that Mu Qing was actually going to let Chen Ping make three moves, Chief Liu shouted!
“Don’t worry, he won’t be able to hurt me in the slightest!”
Mu Qing was full of confidence!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was moving his body as the aura around him continued to coalesce!
However, at this moment, Chen Ping inwardly kept shouting at the little Heaven Swallowing Beast!
“Little ancestor, wake up, help me out, you ate so many of my resources, you can’t sleep all day long!”
“Wake up, if you don’t wake up, if I die, you won’t have a place to eat or sleep!”
Chen Ping inwardly cried out, but the little Heaven Swallowing Beast was unresponsive!
“Senior, help me too, if I die, you are finished too, we are grasshoppers on the same rope!”
Chen Ping said to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“What can I do, it doesn’t listen to me.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
Chen Ping was feeling very helpless at the moment!
“What are you doing? Are you going to move or not?”
Mu Qing saw that Chen Ping was hesitant to make a move, so he said impatiently!
“Coming ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body instantly rose up in the air!
Immediately after that a huge fist was swung out by Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body followed closely behind and heavily blasted on top of that virtual shadow!
However, Chen Ping’s body pierced through the imaginary shadow, and was unable to cause any damage to that Mu Qing at all!
“Hahaha, I told you, you can’t hurt me at all.”
Mu Qing laughed out loud!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was frowning, at this rate, not to mention three moves, thirty moves would be useless!
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace and Luo Shouhai and the rest of them were tense when they saw this!
“Everyone get ready, as long as Mr Chen loses, we will strike together.”
“We must not let Mr Chen fall into the hands of the Mu family, and even more so, we must not let Mr Chen kneel and be humiliated!”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master whispered is words!
“Good!”
The crowd nodded in unison!
That Chief Liu also noticed the movements on this side, so he whispered, “Everyone get ready, ready to attack at any time!”
At this moment, both sides were ready to attack!
And Chen Ping was also brewing his second attack.
While preparing for the attack, Chen Ping shouted in his heart for that little Heaven Swallowing Beast!
But there was still no movement.
Chen Ping’s second attack, once again, pierced through the shadow and did no damage!
“There’s still one more move left, so you’re just waiting to kneel down and be stepped on by me!”
Mu Qing said with full of complacency!
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and the others were already gripping their weapons, ready to strike at any time!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also seemed to have resigned himself to the fact that he only had one last move to fight once!
Only to see Chen Ping levitating in mid-air, a gleam of light flashed above his right fist!
The power of his entire body was condensed and extinguished by Chen Ping in his right fist!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping’s fist erupted with endless light, as dazzling as the sun!
The aura of destroying the heavens and destroying the earth in general, headed towards Mu Qing!
“Hmph, it’s this move again ……”
Mu Qing coldly snorted in disbelief!
But at the same time Mu Qing coldly grunted, suddenly a light flashed out from Chen Ping’s body, followed by a huge suction force, causing the virtual shadow that Mu Qing had condensed to begin to be swallowed up!