Chen Ping slowly picked up the scroll and looked at it carefully, on it, even this compound where Chen Ping was, was clearly painted!
However, when Chen Ping picked up the scroll and admired it, he found that the scroll through the light, as if behind the painting, there was something hidden!
An imaginary shadow could be seen, but it was not real to look at!
“Could it be that this scroll is a painting within a painting?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
The so-called painting within a painting was to hide one painting within another, and only through special light, or being soaked in potion, could one see the hidden painting!
“Have you found anything else in this painting?”
Chen Ping picked up the scroll and asked Bing Lu and the others!
Bing Lu and the others, however, all shook their heads.
“Mr Chen, isn’t this the painting of the Wuji Sacred Sect, where are the other paintings, I don’t see them!”
Bing Lu said!
Chen Ping was puzzled, once again he held up the scroll and looked carefully through the light, he was indeed able to see a very blurred figure from underneath the painting of that sect!
Chen Ping tried opening the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, as the Heavenly Underworld Eyes could discard all obstacles and see through to the essence!
When the Heavenly Underworld Eyes were opened, Chen Ping found that the painting was actually slowly changing, the magnificent sect gate that had just disappeared, while the blurry figure became clearer and clearer!
Only a person dressed in a black robe with a black crown on his head and holding a skeleton scepter in his hand appeared!
This person’s eyes were black in colour, and he had an aura of an evil cultivator, and just by looking at him, it felt like the entire person had fallen into a bottomless abyss!
Moreover, at this person’s side, an incomparably hideous looking ghost with bared teeth surrounded him!
On top of this person’s black robe, a pattern in the shape of a ghost’s face seemed to be emitting light, and it was this light that attracted the surrounding ghosts!
Chen Ping was very curious as to who the person on this painting was!
And by the looks of it, it should be a demonic cultivator!
But why was the portrait of a devil cultivator hidden within the scroll of the Wuji Holy Sect?
This was too strange, wasn’t it?
Just as Chen Ping was mesmerised by what he was looking at, the person in the painting seemed to have come to life, and his deep, dark eyes emitted a heart-stopping light!
At the same time, the surrounding ghosts, each with teeth and claws, even rushed towards Chen Ping.
This could give Chen Ping a fright, he had never thought that the painting of the severe ghosts had come to life.
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping, who was caught off guard, screamed in shock!
At the same time, the Dala Golden Canon in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness instantly emitted a piercing golden light!
“Mr Chen, what happened to you?”
Bing Lu and also Lan Yingying and the girls rushed forward and asked!
Only then did Chen Ping come back to his senses and realised that he was still holding the scroll in his hand, which still depicted the Wuji Sacred Sect!
There was no way to see the portrait of the demonic cultivator at all, much less the stern ghost!
“Did you guys find any of the stern ghosts appearing?”
Chen Ping asked with a palpitating heart!
“No ah, just now you were holding this painting, standing dumbfounded, as if you had lost your soul.”
Bing Lu shook her head and said!
“Strange, could it be that it was an illusion just now?”
Cold sweat broke out on Chen Ping’s forehead!
However, that feeling just now, it was too real and extremely terrifying, especially the light emanating from the eyes in that demonic cultivator’s portrait, making Chen Ping feel as if he had fallen into hell!
“That wasn’t an illusion, just now a golden light flashed through your sea of consciousness, it almost didn’t kill me.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with a shiver!
It was only then that Chen Ping remembered that just now, the Great Luo Golden Code in his sea of consciousness had suddenly erupted with golden light!
Even Chen Ping himself did not know what was going on!
“Senior, then the person on the scroll just now, do you recognise him? It looks as if he is a devil cultivator as well.”
Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Just now, since he had seen it himself, then the Red Cloud Demon Monarch would definitely be able to see it as well.
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch shook his head “I don’t recognise, or perhaps I can’t recall.”
“However, this person was obviously suppressed by the Wuji Holy Sect in the scroll, and the diagram of the sect painted on it was used for suppression!”