Xuan Yuan Kai, who had been fighting, saw Chen Ping move as if he was stupid and knew that this was the best time for him to take revenge.
So after forcing back one of the Shadowless Villa’s Martial Sect experts with a palm, he pounced directly towards Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, this time I’ll see if you still die ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai slapped his palm towards Chen Ping, the wind of his palm whistling.
“Big Brother Chen ……”
Seeing this, Zhao Beng hurriedly shouted up towards Chen Ping.
But Chen Ping acted as if he didn’t hear, he didn’t move at all, seeing Xuan Yuan Kai’s palm reach his eyes, Chen Ping’s eyes didn’t even blink.
Seeing this, Zhao Chuang clenched his teeth and pounced on him, directly blocking Chen Ping.
Boom!
Xuanyuan Kai’s palm hit Zhao Bargan’s chest so hard that Zhao Bargan’s body was directly knocked out of the way.
Zhao Barging’s body hit Chen Ping and fell to the ground together with Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s body then shook slightly as the whole person came back to his senses.
“Zhao Barging, what happened to you?”
After Chen Ping came back to his senses, he saw that Zhao Barging beside him was pale, spitting blood from his mouth, his chest was sunken, and his ribs had obviously broken a few.
“Brother Chen, just now that Xuanyuan Kai tried to poison you ……”
Zhao Barging said with a painful expression.
Only then did Chen Ping notice that the entire chamber had long been in chaos, fighting with each other, while that Xuanyuan Kai was staring at Chen Ping with a deadly stare.
Seeing Chen Ping awake and looking at himself, Xuan Yuan Kai was so frightened that he retreated several steps, but once he thought that Chen Ping was seriously injured and his strength was greatly reduced, Xuan Yuan Kai’s face gained confidence again.
“Chen Ping, today this revenge of a broken arm, I will definitely get it back from you ……”
Xuanyuan Kai said with a murderous aura.
Chen Ping helped Zhao Baptist up and input a spiritual power into Zhao Baptist’s body, making Zhao Baptist’s pain much less, and then slowly looked at Xuan Yuan Kai: “With this ability of yours, you are worthy to seek revenge from me?”
“Humph, you don’t have to pretend, you’re already seriously injured now, I’m afraid you can’t even receive a single slap from me.” Xuan Yuan Kai snorted coldly, then slapped a palm at Chen Ping.
“I’ll kill you while you’re sick ……” Xuan Yuan Kai’s aura erupted, his hand was surrounded by domineering power, this palm was intended to directly kill Chen Ping.
“Don’t measure yourself ……”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth rose slightly, and his palm glowed with a faint golden light.
Just after Xuanyuan Kai got close, Chen Ping slapped his palm.
Slap!
Xuan Yuan Kai’s overbearing slap did not even touch the corner of Chen Ping’s clothes, and was directly sent flying by Chen Ping’s slap.
Xuanyuan Kai’s body hit the wall hard, and his entire mouth spat out blood, his eyes filled with shock!
“Aren’t you …… you seriously injured?”
Xuan Yuan Kai did not understand, Chen Ping, who had clearly just had his energy depleted and his body severely injured, so suddenly seemed like a different person.
“Even if I am seriously injured, it would still be easy to kill you.”
Chen Ping took a step and went directly to Xuan Yuan Kai’s front.
“What do you …… you want to do?”
Xuanyuan Kai looked at Chen Ping, trembling all over.
“What do you think?” A murderous aura shot out of Chen Ping’s eyes.
“Don’t you kill me, don’t kill me ……” Xuan Yuan Kai panicked, his body kept retreating, he wanted the two Martial Sect experts from the Xuan Yuan family to protect him, but unfortunately, those two Martial Sect experts were entangled by the two Martial Sects from the Shadowless Villa, they couldn’t get out of the way.
“You say no and you don’t want it? The moment you wanted my life, you should have died ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the aura on his body suddenly exploded, followed by a terrifying spiritual energy shooting out.
Poof …………
Xuan Yuan Kai tried to dodge, but it was simply too late, he only felt a heavy blow to his chest, and when he looked down, he found that a bowl-sized bloody hole had already appeared in his chest, and his internal organs were all flowing out.
Poof …………
Xuan Yuan Kai stared at his eyes and fell down with a resigned heart.