Bai Shao walked back, while Chen Ping followed the Fire Phoenix and stared at the entrance of the Immortal Mine Cave!
“I don’t know how Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan are doing ……”
Chen Ping was worried!
After all, Chen Ping had come to the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and along the way, no matter if it was Old Miao and Cai Hongwei had also helped a lot!
If he could not save the two girls this time, Chen Ping always felt guilty!
The Fire Phoenix glanced at Chen Ping, then said “Master, I’ll go in and see how the two of them are doing ……”
“No, it’s too dangerous for you to go in ……”
Chen Ping immediately refused!
Fire Phoenix was still too weak right now, if she went in then she definitely wouldn’t be able to come out!
“Master, don’t worry, I have a way to go in and still come out!”
After the Fire Phoenix finished speaking, its body aura instantly hid and quietly dived over!
Chen Ping looked at the fire phoenix, he was wondering how the fire phoenix could go in and not be detected when he saw that the fire phoenix was actually heading towards a Jade Maiden Sect disciple!
Immediately after that, Fire Phoenix quickly struck out and beheaded this Jade Maiden Sect disciple, then changed the clothes to her own body and strutted in!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping had to admire the fact that this fellow, Fire Phoenix, had really quick reactions!
After entering the Immortal Mine Cave, Fire Phoenix saw quite a number of Jade Pope Sect disciples moving the Immortal Ore, among them there were also Jade Maiden Sect disciples!
Even in some hidden corners, there were some unpleasant sounds coming out!
Just by listening to the sounds alone, one would be able to tell that it must be the Jade Pope Sect disciples following the Jade Maiden Sect disciples in their double-cultivation!
These shameless guys, they actually did not avoid it!
Fire Phoenix could only lower her head and quickly look around the cave, trying to find Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan!
“Fellow Daoist, let’s double-cultivate together ah ……”
Just as Fire Phoenix was checking out the cave, suddenly a bearded big man, stopped Fire Phoenix!
The big man’s eyes looked straight at the fire phoenix, and his saliva was flowing out.
As Fire Phoenix looked at the big man that suddenly appeared, she was also instantly nervous!
“I really didn’t expect that the Jade Maiden Sect still has such a beautiful disciple, the two of us will double-cultivate together, so that brother I can give you a good pain ……”
The bearded man wiped a handful of saliva and walked towards Fire Phoenix!
Fire Phoenix looked nervous and kept retreating backwards!
She couldn’t make a move here, if she did, it would be exposed, she definitely wouldn’t be able to get out, and she might even be humiliated by these guys!
However, if she didn’t make a move, this big man obviously had his eyes on Fire Phoenix, and with one tight step, it looked like he wouldn’t stop until he followed Fire Phoenix to double-cultivate!
Just when the fire phoenix some difficult time, suddenly not far away someone shouted “beard, the door master let you send immortal ore over, quickly ……”
When the bearded man heard this, he immediately agreed somewhat reluctantly!
Then the colourful looked at the fire phoenix said “sister, you wait for the brother, never with others double cultivation, must wait for the brother ……”
After saying that, that bearded man left in a hurry!
After that big man left, Fire Phoenix was quickly checking inside the cave!
The inside of the cave was huge, like a side of the world, with a lot of sparkling immortal mines inside!
Soon, the Fire Phoenix spotted two figures in a dimly lit place!
When Fire Phoenix walked over, he found that it was none other than Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan!
The two girls were lying on the ground, their clothes tattered and torn, their clothes not covering their bodies, and their surroundings were controlled by formations!
Most notably, the two girls’ lower bodies were drenched in blood, obviously suffering from inhuman torture!
Looking at Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan, Fire Phoenix’s eyes were red and her teeth were clenched!
Although Fire Phoenix hadn’t known Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan for a long time, seeing this kind of scene made Fire Phoenix furious!
She couldn’t wait to kill all of these Jade Pope Sect fellows right away!
“Jade Pu Sect, you bunch of animals, you shall not die ……”
Fire Phoenix’s eyes were filled with rage!
“Hey, what are you doing? Don’t go and move the Immortal Ore yet!”
Just as the fire phoenix was burning with rage, someone yelled at the fire phoenix!
Seeing this, Fire Phoenix hurriedly nodded and quickly left!
There was no way for her to take Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan out right now!