“There’s no earthquake for good reason either, why is this tower shaking?”
Luo Jiu frowned.
“Brother Jiu, could it be that Chen Ping is causing havoc and trying to tear this tower down?”
A Luo family subordinate whispered.
When Luo Jiu heard this, his face instantly changed.
Luo Xiang had sent him here to guard this tower, if it was torn down by Chen Ping, Luo Xiang would definitely not spare himself lightly when he came.
“Let’s go, let’s go over and take a look ……”
Luo Jiu hurriedly led the way towards the Demon Subduing Tower.
Soon, when they were tens of meters away from the Demon Subduing Tower, a Luo family subordinate who had gone to the front suddenly let out a miserable cry.
Immediately afterwards, several people saw a dense murderous Qi suddenly appear in the air, which kept swimming around and enveloping the entire Demon Subduing Tower.
The underling of the Luo Clan who had just screamed miserably was now being harvested by that aura of killing and destruction, and his body instantly turned into a piece of broken flesh, his death was very tragic.
Looking at the scene in front of them, someone could not control it and directly vomited out.
Luo Jiu’s face was also ugly to the extreme.
He didn’t expect Chen Ping to have laid a killing formation around the Devil Subduing Tower.
“D*mn it …………”
Luo Jiu cursed and could only lead his men back and wait aside for Luo Xiang to come before making plans.
Luo Jiu did not dare to test that killing formation.
About five hours or so later, when it was completely dark, Luo Xiang then arrived at Xichuan.
“Eldest Young Master ……”
Seeing that Luo Xiang had arrived, Luo Jiu hurriedly led his men to welcome him.
“So where is Chen Ping?”
Luo Xiang asked.
“Eldest Young Master, that Chen Ping is inside this tower, he has laid a killing formation around it ……”
Luo Jiuyi said with the corpse of the Luo family subordinate who was stirred to death by the killing formation on the ground.
Looking at the miserable corpse on the ground, Luo Xiang’s face changed slightly.
He did not expect Chen Ping to know how to arrange a killing formation.
Moreover, the killing formation was so powerful, knowing that these people were at least Martial Sects in strength and could be easily killed by the killing formation, it was evident that this arranged killing formation was very powerful.
To set up such a powerful killing formation, even a true master of magic would take a long time, but Luo Xiang did not expect Chen Ping to set up such a large killing formation in just a few hours.
Luo Xiang slowly walked forward, then slowly stretched out his hand to the void.
“Eldest Young Master, be careful ……”
Luo Jiu hurriedly warned to Luo Xiang.
Luo Xiang did not say anything, but continued to extend his hand forward.
When Luo Xiang’s hand touched the killing formation, the killing formation suddenly activated, only to see a shimmering killing Qi that began to attack Luo Xiang under the moonlight.
Luo Xiang hurriedly withdrew his outstretched hand, and even though Luo Xiang was mentally prepared, a tiny wound appeared on his hand.
Luo Xiang looked at his wounds and his face could not help but look grave.
This killing aura was really powerful enough.
“You all stand back ……”
Luo Xiang barked out a warning, allowing Luo Jiu to lead the men backwards.
Immediately afterwards, Luo Xiang slightly clenched his fist, then the power of a half-step Martial Marquis began to coalesce, followed by a fist smashing towards the void in front of him.
Rumble …………
This fist smashed into the void in front of him, but a ripple instantly rose in the air.
And that killing formation began to manifest itself under this fist.
The tremendous commotion caused Chen Ping, who was cultivating, to wake up instantly.
He could feel that the killing formation he had set up was being violently destroyed by someone.
Chen Ping hurriedly got up, and when he stepped out of the Demon Subduing Tower, he saw a man was swinging his fist towards his killing formation under the moonlight!
Each punch contained a heaven-destroying power, and the killing formation that had been set up actually began to weaken under this violent swing.
“Eldest Young Master, that’s Chen Ping ……”
Luo Jiu saw Chen Ping coming out and hurriedly said.