There was even a creaking sound coming from his bones, they were almost crushed!
On his skin, there were even dense beads of blood, a powerful pressure that had crushed the blood vessels on the surface of his skin!
Chen Ping’s physical body was incomparably strong, but he had never expected that it would still appear fragile under the mighty pressure of this Seal of the Zhou Heaven.
Chen Ping’s situation immediately became extremely dangerous, if he wasn’t careful, he might have to die today!
The Seal of Zhou Tian was too strong, at least a mid Martial Marquis!
Even if Chen Ping’s battle prowess was unbelievable, he would still be unable to match it, after all, the difference between the two was too great!
The higher the realm, the greater the gap between each realm would be, and it would be almost impossible to cross a large realm and defeat the strong with the weak.
Right now, Chen Ping had only just been promoted to Martial Marquis, and there was a considerable gap between him and Zhou Tianyin.
Faced with Zhou Tianyin’s aura, Chen Ping did not even dare to dodge, for he could not avoid it at all, and if he forced himself to dodge, he would only become more pa*sive.
At this moment, Chen Ping had almost turned into a bloody man.
His body, however, was still standing straight!
If it were anyone else, under such a terrifying pressure, they would definitely have already fallen to their knees, or even exploded to their death.
The fact that Chen Ping was able to remain undead, and even stand, made Zhou Tianyin, amazed.
“Asking me to kneel down, you are not worthy of it!”
In Chen Ping’s eyes, two golden flames suddenly erupted!
Behind him, a faint golden dragon even emerged, the golden dragon that looked down upon the world! It was an overwhelmingly magnificent style that looked down on the nine heavens and ten earths!
Under this terrifying pressure, under this pressure of life and death, the golden dragon within Chen Ping was finally aroused once again!
At this moment, it was as if Chen Ping had become a supreme emperor, overwhelmingly inviolable!
Boom!
A powerful intent exploded out, and Chen Ping stiffly broke free from the mighty pressure of the Seal of the Zhou Heaven.
“What is this? What the hell are you?!” Zhou Tianyin’s face changed drastically.
The feeling of the golden dragon appearing in that instant just now was so terrifying that even with his great strength and strong will, he almost could not help but submit to it.
At this moment, the man in black who was hiding behind the boulder, after looking at the golden dragon hovering behind Chen Ping, his eyes widened and his eyes were filled with horror.
“Son of the Dragon? Could this Chen Ping be the son of the dragon?”
The man in black muttered, the clothes on his back instantly soaked through with sweat.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked coldly at Zhou Tianyin and sneered, “I see that your strength is no more than that!”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, his hands however moved quietly and the golden dragon rose up to the sky.
And then, his movements didn’t stop, his hands struck out in an instant with a spirit duel!
An incomparable radiance erupted from the Golden Dragon’s body.
Roar!
The Golden Dragon let out a dragon roar that resounded through the heavens and the earth, and all the spirit energy in its body exploded out!
The Golden Dragon spat out a mouthful of spiritual energy, which instantly coalesced into a solid, incomparable fist deity that emerged!
This fist deity was as turquoise as emerald, crystal clear, yet it contained a thrilling energy!
And then, with a swing of the Golden Dragon’s body, the turquoise fist diaphragm instantly roared and blasted at Zhou Tianyin!
“Holy Light Fist!”
At the same time, Chen Ping also fought to strike a palm!
He sat on his horse at the waist, drew a half circle with his left hand, and thrust out his right fist with a violent horizontal thrust!
At first, there was only a little golden light on his fist, but as he pushed his palm forward, the golden light grew stronger and stronger!
At the end, the golden light suddenly became dazzling, turning into a huge golden fist!
The fist, which was three feet square, resembled a huge millstone!
The fist seal was filled with light, and there was a glowing light that looked majestic and mysterious!
Rumble!
The green fist and the golden fist mark both roared out, carrying a terrifying thunderous sound as they crushed ahead!