Chen Ping followed Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix and explained a few things, telling them to stay in Hu Huang City for a while!
He himself followed that Elder Yu to the Purple Flame Sect!
The terrain structure of the Central Domain was very different from the Southern Domain, there weren’t many high mountains, most of them were plains!
And as they got closer to the Violet Flame Sect, the temperature rose!
A large area of desert appeared in front of them!
Chen Ping was very puzzled, why would this Purple Flame Sect build their sect in the middle of such a desert, it was too arduous!
Soon, in the middle of the desert, Chen Ping saw a large swathe of buildings that were elaborate and spectacular, and very grand!
Chen Ping took a cursory glance and realised that these building steps were very orderly!
“Fellow Daoist Cheng, this is our Purple Flame Sect, if you want to become a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, you have to take an examination before you can do so.”
“See this patch of buildings, the closer the buildings are to the inside, the higher the rank of the disciples living there.”
“The outermost are the outer disciples, you need to start the assessment from the outer disciples.”
Elder Yu said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping changed his face, at this time, his name was Cheng Ping!
“Elder Yu, you still need to be assessed from the outer disciples, can’t you just assess the inner disciples?”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
If this is to be assessed from the outer gate, when will one be able to rise to become a senior disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, and when will one be able to meet the old Sect Master ah!
“It’s not that we can’t, it’s just that …………”
Elder Yu glanced at Chen Ping and stammered!
Chen Ping instantly understood the meaning of this Elder Yu, the feeling was that he wanted some benefits.
This fellow, was really insatiable, but Chen Ping had no choice, who let himself be begged!
Chen Ping had no choice but to take out some Immortal Herbs, Spirit Stones, and a large bag of Violet Gold Spirit Coins from his storage ring.
“Elder Yu, these are the only things I have on me, take them first, when I become an official disciple of the Violet Flame Sect, I naturally won’t forget Elder Yu either.”
“I’ve just arrived at the Purple Flame Sect, I’m not familiar with the place, so I’ll have to count on Elder Yu to take care of me in the future.”
Chen Ping was very understanding and gave the item to Elder Yu.
Elder Yu looked at the things in his hand and immediately smiled with a wide-eyed smile, “Fellow Daoist Cheng is polite, in the future, if you have any matters in the Violet Flame Sect, just look for me directly, I am not an Elder for nothing.”
“I follow the Fox Emperor’s daughter with a good friendship, and you are his friend, of course I have to take care of it.”
“You just follow me, the outer gate examination is even.”
As the saying goes, taking a man’s hand is short, eating a man’s mouth is short, after taking Chen Ping’s things, this Elder Yu was obviously good to talk to.
Elder Yu followed Chen Ping as he hovered in mid-air, and then gave Chen Ping an explanation of the Purple Flame Sect, “Look at the two large pieces of buildings at the very front, these are the outer disciples, and only the ones inside are the inner disciples.”
“See that large piece of building in the middle, those are where the top management of the Purple Flame Sect live, and the ones at the back are the old Sect Master’s family members, the old and new Sect Masters have just alternated, so there are still a lot of things to be dealt with within the Purple Flame Sect.”
“Disciples like you who have just entered the sect, remember not to ask around, and even more so, don’t offend anyone, you just need to cultivate well, there will always be a chance to see the old Sect Master.”
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded!
The two of them fell from mid-air and then entered through the main gate of the Purple Flame Sect!
Although the entire Purple Flame Sect was in the middle of the desert, after entering the Purple Flame Sect, not a single grain of sand or dust could be seen, it was also shaded by green trees, and there was even a small fountain!
To be able to build such a large-scale building in the desert, and there are also green trees and fountains, it can be seen that the financial strength of this Purple Flame Sect is also very strong!
Elder Yu led Chen Ping into the Purple Flame Sect without anyone stopping him.
Those outer disciples guarding the sect gate would not dare to stop the Elder.
Just like that, Elder Yu led Chen Ping through two huge complexes and arrived at the place for the inner disciples!