“What? You don’t dare?”
Liao Fei looked at Chen Ping with contempt and smiled coldly!
“What wouldn’t I dare, today I’ll let you see what immortal magic is!”
Chen Ping said, one hand suddenly slapped towards Xiao Ru’s forehead on the bed!
Xiao Ru was startled and hurriedly stepped backwards, hiding behind Daoist Master Bu Xu in fear.
“Mr. Chen, so many people are here, you are going to undress my daughter in public, this …………”
Daoist Master Bu Xu was a little reluctant!
If this were to undress, his daughter’s innocence would be lost!
“Daoist Master Bu Xu misunderstood, I only absorb the Yin Cold Qi within your daughter’s body, so I don’t need to undress!”
Just now, Chen Ping needed to undress for healing, in order to reform Xiao Ru’s ice crystal physique, so that she wouldn’t suffer from the Yin Cold!
If she only needed to absorb the Yin Cold Qi, she did not need to undress!
When Daoist Master Bu Xu heard this, his heart was suddenly relieved and he held his daughter up and said, “Xiao Ru, this Mr. Chen is treating you, don’t be afraid!”
Only after Daoist Master Bu Xu’s persuasion did Xiao Ru stabilise her mind and sit quietly on the bed!
Chen Ping placed his palm gently on Xiao Ru’s forehead, and instantly a stream of Yin cold Qi was sucked directly into Chen Ping’s body!
Although Liao Fei had just used the Seven Star Disc to suck most of the cold Yin Qi out of Xiao Ru’s body, he had not sucked it all out, there was still a part of it left in Xiao Ru’s body, and since there was cold Yin Qi everywhere in this Thunderclap View, Xiao Ru’s body would absorb the cold Yin Qi around her.
Chen Ping’s palm slowly turned white, and then his whole arm was covered in a thick layer of frost!
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly closed and his Heart Condensation Technique was running at its maximum, refining the cold Qi, but since the cold Qi was too heavy and Chen Ping was only at the fifth level of Qi training, even though he was running his Heart Condensation Technique at its maximum, he still could not completely refine the cold Qi!
Soon, Chen Ping’s arms were covered with a thick layer of frost, and it was spreading to the rest of his body.
Seeing all this scene, Liao Fei couldn’t help but sneer!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Seeing all of Chen Ping’s appearance, Daoist Master Bu Xu shouted somewhat unbearably!
Chen Ping acted as if he didn’t hear it, still absorbing the Yin Cold Qi from Xiao Ru’s body.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping’s hair turned white and his face was covered in frost, and in the end, his entire body was almost covered in ice and snow, just like a snowman!
“Hahahaha, I’ve said it all, this Yin Cold Qi is not something that ordinary people can withstand, this has turned into a pile of ice bumps!”
Liao Fei looked at Chen Ping like that and laughed out loud in triumph!
“Mr. Chen …………”
“Chen Ping …………”
Gu Wentian and the others, as well as Su Yuqi, all cried out in shock!
Especially Su Yuqi, she pounced towards Chen Ping, she wanted to use her body heat to melt the ice and snow away for Chen Ping!
“Yuqi, you can’t …………”
Su Wenzong was quick on his feet and pulled Su Yuqi back, not letting her lunge over!
Even Chen Ping could not withstand this kind of insidious coldness, wouldn’t Su Yuqi just be sending her to her death if she went over?
“Chen Ping …………”
Su Yuqi cried out, her eyes instantly moistened!
Although she and Chen Ping hadn’t known each other for long, and the two of them couldn’t say they had any feelings, they could sense each other in their hearts, and that feeling was simply indescribable!
It was when she was with Chen Ping that Su Yuqi felt the most comfortable, and she herself could not tell what this feeling was!
Now when she saw Chen Ping frozen, Su Yuqi instinctively wanted to save him, not even thinking about her own safety!
“Hahahaha …… little beauty, don’t be sad, there are plenty of men, why hang on to one, look at me, aren’t I a hundred times better than this guy called Chen Ping, just make me happy by keeping me company, I’ll guarantee you a lifetime of glory!”
Liao Fei’s eyes swept around Su Yuqi unabashedly!