Seeing Chen Ping agree, Long Xiao withdrew that black energy, and the golden light on Chen Ping’s body slowly disappeared!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping struck first and smashed his fist!
The Holy Light Fist, which could be perfectly executed without the use of spiritual power, was the one that Chen Ping had used to blast open the door of the Devil Suppression Tower with sheer strength back then.
Seeing Chen Ping charging over, Long Xiao did not dodge or dodge, the corners of his mouth raised a cold smile.
Poof!
Soon, Chen Ping’s fist struck Long Xiao’s body, and a bizarre scene appeared.
Long Xiao’s flesh, which should have been incredibly hard, had now become soft and limp, like a puddle of mud.
When Chen Ping punched up, the power was instantly absorbed and disappeared, which caused Chen Ping to almost stumble and crash into that Long Xiao’s body.
A huge depression appeared in Long Xiao’s body, wrapping around Chen Ping’s fist, and then a recoil struck, causing Chen Ping to take several steps backwards while Long Xiao’s body slowly recovered.
Long Xiao laughed coldly, “Hahahaha, even with your powerful strength, you can’t hurt me in the slightest.”
Chen Ping frowned slightly as he gazed at Long Xiao, it seemed that Long Xiao’s entire body had long since undergone a transformation, whether it was his internal organs or his bones, they were no longer hard!
“It seems that the soul spirit lodged in your body is still a capable fellow ……”
Chen Ping narrowed his eyes and said coldly.
With a cold smile on his face, Long Xiao did not retort or admit, but instead, the corners of his mouth curled up in an arc, and then smashed his fist towards Chen Ping.
Although Chen Ping did not use his Unbreakable Golden Body, his current flesh had also long since been forged to be incredibly hard.
It would be impossible for Fade to hurt himself by relying on pure strength.
Therefore, Chen Ping did not dodge, but allowed that Long Xiao’s fist to smash into his body.
Boom!
A loud sound, the punch hit Chen Ping’s body and did not cause much damage, such power was no different to Chen Ping than scratching an itch!
However, after the punch struck Chen Ping, Long Xiao immediately retreated several steps back, still with a cold smile on his face.
Just as Chen Ping was surprised at what this Long Xiao was up to, a sudden burst of power erupted within his body, followed by a huge impact, causing Chen Ping to instantly fly backwards.
“Hahahaha, this power of mine is specially designed to deal with people like you who are physically strong, although you feel that this punch has little power, that power has long since penetrated through your skin and entered your body!”
“This time I’ll see what you can do to fight me, obediently hand over the beast pills and I can still let you live for a while longer ……”
Long Xiao laughed out loud, his confidence was high at this moment.
As long as Chen Ping handed over the Beast Pill, he would not kill Chen Ping, when he got to the Dragon Locking Island, he would torture Chen Ping a lot, he could not let Chen Ping die too painfully.
Chen Ping got up and looked at Long Xiao with cold intent, then rushed up fiercely.
Punch after punch was swung towards Long Xiao like rain.
Every punch that hit Long Xiao’s body deformed Long Xiao’s body, but it would soon recover.
Each of Chen Ping’s punches was like hitting inside mud, not only did all the power disappear, but his body would also receive a recoil!
In a short period of time, Chen Ping swung a hundred punches, and at this moment, Chen Ping’s forehead was already covered with beads of sweat!
“Hahahaha …………”
Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping like that and laughed incomparably happily, before slamming his fist down on Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body flew straight backwards and landed heavily on top of the deck!
“Chen Ping, today I will let you taste the taste of being abused ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, he fiercely stepped forward and stamped his foot towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping rolled over, then fiercely got up and followed Long Xiao to pull away!
“This beast elixir, there is no way I can give it to you ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly swallowed the beast elixir inside his own stomach.
Regardless of whether this Beast Pill was useful for Chen Ping’s cultivation or not, Chen Ping would never give it to Long Xiao.