Even if it was an aftermath, they didn’t dare to try, and even more so, they didn’t dare to get close!
With the passing of a blast, a hundred miles in every direction turned into silence, no sound, no living thing!
Even the dust seemed to have disappeared!
Daoist Wuji held a duster and stood blandly!
As for that Tenth Highness, his face was a little pale, and the hand holding his long sword was trembling slightly!
This strike, did not divide the winners and losers, but who is tougher, can still be distinguished at a glance!
The Tenth Highness was merely resisting!
For the sake of the so-called God Race’s condescension, for the sake of the God Race’s face!
“Old ……”
The Tenth Highness was just about to call out Old Miscreant when Daoist Wuji’s horrified gaze instantly shot out!
Feeling the Wuji Daoist’s gaze, the Tenth Highness changed his words, “Old Taoist, don’t think that you’re steadily winning over me, I’m just playing along with you!”
The Tenth Highness was still trying to use words to gain some face for himself!
But those people who were watching from the sidelines here, which one of them was not an expert, not a single fool!
They were all able to see who was a bit more powerful!
“Tenth Highness, if not, we’d better withdraw ……”
Zuo Tianzheng said following the Ten Highnesses’ voice transmission!
He knew that if they continued like this, they would end up losing out!
It would be better to just run away before they were completely defeated.
Zuo Tianzheng’s words, however, deeply pierced the heart of the Tenth Highness!
“Fuck off, my God Race doesn’t have people who retreat.”
The Tenth Highness cursed Zuo Tianzheng, then suddenly grabbed his sword and charged towards Daoist Wuji!
He wanted to earn back face for himself and show Zuo Tianzheng and these people from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
This sword was overbearing and incomparable, and the hundred miles of emptiness was filled with sword awnings.
Daoist Wuji looked at the attacking Tenth Highness, his eyes still held contempt, in his eyes, that Tenth Highness was just a little more than a child!
In how he played with his sword, he was still a child.
When a sword chopped, Wuji Daoist duster gently flicked out, do very casual, not deliberately resist!
Boom!
Boom!
The duster directly shattered that sword awn, and the hundred miles of emptiness instantly fell silent!
With this strike, the Tenth Highness was not knocked back!
Instead, he bit his yah, a mouthful of blood rolling around in his chest, holding his breath and not retreating!
This was followed by another sword swing!
Daoist Wuji blocked with his duster!
Boom!
The void trembled, Daoist Wuji didn’t move a muscle, as if repelling mosquitoes!
The Tenth Highness was going crazy, and the longsword in his hand chopped down in a series!
Countless sword awns were like monstrous waves, coming in waves!
This wave.Waves of sword awns dazzled the crowd!
Daoist Wuji, on the other hand, flicked his duster in his hand, shattering a wave of swordmans with each flick!
The raging waves of swordmans immediately became calm when they reached Daoist Wuji!
The swordmans also disappeared with them, finally merging into that void!
Daoist Wuji looked relaxed!
On the other hand, that 10th Highness appeared to be in a bit of a fumble, and this was the difference between the high and the low!
However, His Highness didn’t stop, just as a wave of…Wave of Sword Mansions attacked towards Daoist Wuji!
A hint of cunning flashed in the eyes of the Tenth Highness, and the longsword in his hand was suddenly stained with his own blood!
It then fought to point towards the void!
The void suddenly exploded as a blood-red, hundred-foot sword qi blasted down from above Daoist Wuji’s head!
The Tenth Highness had actually used tactics, he was trying to paralyse Daoist Wuji and suddenly used a killer move!
Seeing that Daoist Wuji did not react, the corner of the Tenth Highness’s mouth finally revealed a hint of a smile!
Seeing that the duster in Daoist Wuji’s hand was only focusing on resisting the sword aura in front of him, there was not the slightest way in which he could be stopping that blood-coloured sword Qi!
Chen Ping and all of them became nervous all of a sudden!
Thinking that at this moment, Daoist Wuji’s life was tethered to all of them.