Blood Demon was about to step forward and dispose of Nie Cheng when he was stopped by Chen Ping!
“Don’t kill him ……”
Chen Ping was going to let Nie Cheng lead him to the dungeon and get Su Yuqi out!
The Blood Demon stopped and then stepped backwards, while Chen Ping walked up to Nie Cheng with the vajra pestle and said in a cold voice, “Now you have no chance in talking to me, take me to the dungeon ……”
Nie Cheng looked at the Blood Demon and then at the vajra pestle in Chen Ping’s hand and took a deep breath and said, “Even if you enter the dungeon, there is no way you will be able to save your girlfriend.”
“Cut the f*cking crap, you just take me in, whether I can save her or not is my own business ……”
Chen Ping reached out and picked up that Nie Cheng.
Like a dead dog, Nie Cheng followed Chen Ping towards the back of the Martial Union!
In front of that fake mountain where he came, Chen Ping said, “Go open the dungeon ……”
Nie Cheng didn’t dare to open it because he knew the consequences of betraying a great power.
“Chen Ping, even if you open the dungeon, you really can’t save your girlfriend, she is locked inside the special cell, you are not able to save her.” Remember the website m.lqzw.org
Nie Cheng said with a bitter face.
Chen Ping looked at Nie Cheng coldly and fiercely a divine sense entered into Nie Cheng’s mind.
The heavily injured Nie Cheng, where to withstand, Chen Ping that divine sense is desperately tormenting Nie Cheng!
Nie Cheng felt a splitting headache and the unbearable pain of a million insects burrowing into his heart!
“Open the dungeon and you won’t have to suffer ……”
Chen Ping said to Nie Cheng.
Nie Cheng had no choice but to agree, then walked to the false mountain and urged his magic, slowly the false mountain moved to reveal the entrance to the dungeon!
Seeing the dungeon open, Chen Ping was inwardly ecstatic!
He was about to rush in, but on second thought, he was afraid there was a mechanism inside, so he let Nie Cheng walk in front of him!
Nie Cheng walked ahead and Chen Ping followed behind!
When he reached Su Yuqi’s cell, Chen Ping couldn’t restrain himself any longer and rushed towards the cell!
With his hands clutching the iron door of the cell, he shouted for Su Yuqi!
At this moment, Su Yuqi was sitting on the bed, and the cell was well equipped with all the necessities of life.
When she heard Chen Ping’s shout, Su Yuqi was surprised and hurriedly turned her head to look, and when she saw Chen Ping, she couldn’t stop her tears from flowing out!
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping …………”
Su Yuqi rushed to the old door and grabbed Chen Ping’s hand tightly, “How did you get in, did you get caught by them too.”
“No, I’m here to get you out, I’ll get you out right away.”
Chen Ping gently stroked Su Yuqi’s face!
Although Su Yuqi looked good, she was in a depressed mood after being held here for a long time.
“Quick, open the dungeon, open the dungeon right now ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t wait and ordered Nie Cheng.
“I can’t open this cell door.”
Nie Cheng said.
“Bullsh*t, you can definitely open it, if not, do you believe I will beat you to death?”
Chen Ping was furious, then he punched and kicked at Nie Cheng!
Nie Cheng could only curl up in front of Chen Ping and let Chen Ping punch and kick at his body!
Soon, Nie Cheng was bruised and battered, but still shook his head, “I really can’t open it, I don’t have the right to open this cell door.”
“Then who can open this cell door, you say? Who can open it?”
Chen Ping asked as he picked up Nie Cheng and grabbed him by the collar in a death grip.
“Ning Zhi, he can open it, he has the way to open the cell door.”
Nie Cheng looked at the near-crazy Chen Ping and was a little scared, so he sold Ning Zhi out!
“Where’s Ning Zhi? Tell him to get out, get out ……”
Chen Ping hissed, trying to get Ning Zhi to come out.
But Ning Zhi wasn’t even in the Martial Alliance anymore, he was in the Martial Alliance’s unique cultivation chamber!