Looking at the mountain of bones, those cruise ship staff got weak in the legs and could only be carried along.
After walking for ten minutes, Chen Ping saw several houses piled up with stones on a relatively flat area.
The pirate with the red skull on his chest walked straight towards one of the larger houses.
While Chen Ping and the others were locked up.
When the pirate walked into the largest house, there was a cloaked man sitting inside the house.
Looking at the man’s hair, it looked as if it had not been cut for several years.
The smell of blood permeated his body.
This man was the head of the pirates on Skull Island, called Batu.
Seeing the pirate who came in, Batu’s brow frowned slightly.
“Bloodhand, why did you come back so soon this time? How was the harvest?”
Batu asked coldly to the pirate.
“Boss, this time we got a cruise ship, only there weren’t any tourists, only fifteen people!”
Bloodhand said cautiously.
“What? Fifteen people?”
Anger instantly erupted from Batou’s body, “What’s the use of fifteen people? I’m at a critical juncture in my divine power, I must have fifty people!”
“Boss, calm down, I will immediately bring someone to find …… again.”
Blood Hand trembled with fear.
“Forget it, I will personally go around the sea in a couple of days!”
Batou waved his hand, then asked, “Among these fifteen people, are there any martial artists?”
Blood Hand shook his head, “No, all are ordinary people.”
Upon hearing this, Batou’s frown deepened and after a moment of contemplation, he said, “Which company owns the cruise ship? Find a way to contact it and ask them to come and ransom it, so that when the time comes, they can just hold the people who come together!”
“Got it!”
Blood Hand nodded and then left.
Batou, on the other hand, had a depressed look on his face, with the essence of fifty more people, he would be able to step into the Martial Sect in one step, his strength would take a qualitative leap!
Originally, Batu and the rest of them were all evil cultivators who were later hunted down and forced to this deserted island.
The name was later changed to Skull Island, while Batu lived on Skull Island by robbing at sea.
There was a lack of supplies on Skull Island, and there were few resources if you wanted to cultivate, so the essence from living people became the only resource for Batu to cultivate.
At this time, Chen Ping, who was locked inside the stone house, spread his divine sense and quickly mapped out the entire island.
And in the southwest of Skeleton Island, in a place near the sea, there was an overwhelming Yin Qi, and there should be many corpses buried underground.
Just as Chen Ping’s divine sense spread out and probed towards that largest stone house.
Batou, who had a depressed look on his face, suddenly stood up violently.
Immediately afterwards, he looked around with a tense expression.
This was because he had just sensed a dangerous aura.
Although this aura was fleeting, it was still perceived by him.
Batou frowned and his face turned extremely ugly.
This kind of aura would never be something that his men could emit.
“Blood Hand, Blood Hand ……”
Batou shouted out loud.
Soon, Bloodhand pushed the door and walked in.
“Boss, is there something wrong?”
Bloodhand asked.
“Where is the man you captured? Take me to see ……”
Batou said.
Bloodhand nodded and then led Batu towards the stone house where Chen Ping and the others were being held.
At this time, those who had been captured were all huddled together, one shivering, while others kept praying.
Chen Ping was the only one standing by himself, looking out through the modest window.
The door to the room was pushed open and Blood Hand walked in with Batu.
Those who had been captured and saw Batu, who was like a wild man, panicked even more, and some even lost their voices and shrieked.
“What are you shouting for? If you are not honest, you will all be killed later ……”
The blood hand reprimanded loudly.