-Although there are many people with this kind of body, not many of them can cultivate to such a level as this woman!”
Liu Xing said from the sidelines.
“Why did these two black and gold robes capture this woman?”
“Could it be because of her special physique?”
At this moment, Chen Ping thought of Xiao Ru and Wu Mei Er in the secret realm, who had also been captured by the Demon Heart Sect in the secret realm because of their special physique.
As Chen Ping was thinking, the two black golden robes had already reached the woman’s face, but by now the woman had already lost the ability to resist!
One of the black robes reached out and picked the woman up, then turned around and left!
Seeing this, Chen Ping leapt out and blocked the way of the two black robes!
Liu Xing and Liu Rui saw this and hurriedly followed them out!
The two Black Gold Robes were stunned to see someone hiding.
They were Martial Saints, so even when they were fighting, it was impossible for their senses to escape the wind and gra*s around them!
But now that Chen Ping had jumped out, they realised it, but when they saw that it was Chen Ping, a hint of nervousness flashed in the eyes of the two black and gold robes!
“Two Black Gold Robes, how dare you come together to fight against a girl? Do you want to be shameless?”
Chen Ping said disdainfully to the two black golden robes.
“Chen Ping, this is none of your business, you’d better get out of the way, otherwise don’t blame us for not being polite ……”
A black and gold robe said.
“Hmph, just the two of you? You two black and gold robes are nothing.”
“Release this woman and I can let you go, otherwise don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold snort.
“The first thing you need to do is to get rid of the problem. You have forgotten that your women are still in our hands!”
The Black Gold Robe even brought out Su Yuqi and the others and started to threaten Chen Ping!
This was the first time that Chen Ping was completely annoyed, only to see the murderous aura on Chen Ping’s body rise up instantly, coldly looking at the two Black Gold Robes and saying, “Let go of the women and kill yourselves, or I will make your lives worse than death ……”
Feeling the murderous aura on Chen Ping’s body, the two black and gold robes looked at each other and then attacked Chen Ping together!
They knew that Chen Ping’s strength was not weak, and only two of them could stand a chance together!
As for Liu Xing and Liu Rui behind Chen Ping, the two Black Gold Robes did not care about them because they did not even feel the aura from them!
But the two Black Gold Robes did not know that Liu Xing and Liu Rui in front of them were Martial God level masters who could kill them with a single strike!
Because of the difference in realm, they could not feel Liu Xing’s and Liu Rui’s aura at all!
Seeing the two black and gold robes striking at Chen Ping, Liu Rui could not help herself!
“Mr. Chen, let me do it, two little Martial Saints, how dare they be reckless ……”
After Liu Rui said that, she instantly took a step forward!
The Martial God’s power was like a huge mountain, instantly pressing down on the two black and gold robes!
The two Black Gold Robes froze instantly and looked at Liu Rui in disbelief!
They had never thought that Liu Rui, who looked so weak, a girl, would have such a terrifying Martial God’s power bursting out from her body!
“Martial …… Martial God …………”
In extreme fear, the two black and gold robes were instantly crushed by the Martial God’s power, directly vomiting blood and dying a very miserable death!
Right after the two black and gold robes died, two black mists instantly floated up and fled in different directions immediately afterwards!
Liu Rui was dumbfounded, she had not thought that there would be residual souls that could escape after a person had died, as she had not encountered such a thing in the Hidden World! -Liu Rui