“Mr Chen, we believe in you ……”
Cai Hongwei hurriedly said!
Cai Hongwei, along with Elder Miao and the others, left with a dozen or so cultivators to find a place to rest!
Luo Shouhai, on the other hand, they brought along Chen Ping as well as Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix, and headed towards the tallest three-storey building in the middle of the Xuan Yin Sect!
When Luo Shouhai walked in, Chen Ping and the three of them were stopped!
Luo Shouhai hurriedly said “We are all together, coming over to find Palace Master Kong.”
“Master Luo Gu, I’m really sorry, these people are human cultivators, they must have a token from a few of the major clans in the Heavenly Demon Mountain region in order to enter.”
“They’re not magic cultivators, you said they were together, it’s against the rules to bring them in.”
The guard said politely!
“There’s still this rule?” Luo Shouhai froze!
“Yes, this is newly promulgated by our Palace Master, if you all just bring people in, it would be a mess.”
The guard said!
When Luo Shouhai heard this, he instantly understood, he felt that this Xuan Yin Sect’s Patriarch was afraid that those foreign cultivators would give all their benefits to other demonic sects and allow them to bring them into the Divine Demon Battlefield, then it would be a mess!
When the time comes, all of them will secretly reap the benefits, where there is still the Xuan Yin Sect’s business, so the Xuan Yin Sect Patriarch has enacted such a clause!
Devil cultivators and human cultivators could never have crossed paths, and now that they insisted that they were together, it was obvious that they were receiving favours!
Chen Ping also saw the Xuan Yin Sect’s meaning, so he said “Luo Gu Master, we won’t go in, as for entering the Divine Demon Battlefield, you don’t have to force yourself too much, you need to pay the resources, we’ll just give it.”
Chen Ping now had quite a few resources in his storage ring, when he was in Yellow Blue City, he had managed to get a lot of Immortal Herbs and such from that Pillfather’s Residence!
As for spirit coins, Chen Ping also had quite a few, and Ji Yun, a rich second generation, had even more spirit coins on him!
“Alright then, I’ll have Xiao Xi and Xiao Dong stay behind to accompany you guys around, I’ll go and figure things out first.”
Luo Shouhai had Luo Xi and Jin Dong stay behind to accompany Chen Ping and the others!
After all, this was the territory of the devil cultivators, and their devil cultivator status could be higher!
“Mr Chen, let me show you around, this Xuan Yin Sect also has a lot of good things, many of the devil cultivators from the Heavenly Demon Mountain come to this Xuan Yin Sect to purchase and sell items.”
Jin Dong said to Chen Ping!
This Xuan Yin Sect had just become a bazaar for several major demonic sects in the Heavenly Demon Mountain region, after all, demonic cultivators had a special identity, they could not just go to the towns of human cultivators, if they were found out to be demonic cultivators, then it would be a disaster, so these demonic cultivators sold to each other!
And this Xuan Yin Sect became the marketplace, allowing all the devil cultivators of the Heavenly Demon Mountain to come here to trade, while the Xuan Yin Sect collected some benefits from it!
Chen Ping nodded and followed Jin Dong and Luo Xi as they prepared to go around!
However, when they had just left the small three-storey building, they saw on their face an old man walking who was shrouded in black robes!
Without having to look at the other party’s face, Chen Ping knew who this was!
“Ghost Old Man …………”
Seeing the visitor, Jin Dong and Luo Xi also rushed to greet him!
The visitor was none other than the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, although the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder was only one person, he was renowned in the Heavenly Demon Mountain and even in all other domains!
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder’s aura was ever-changing, so he often walked amongst the human cultivators and had never had his identity recognised!
This also made the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder a lot more informed about the news amongst the various domains than the other demonic cultivators!
“Mr Chen …………”
When the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder saw Chen Ping, his face was filled with excitement!
He hoped that the Heavenly Demon Mountain that Chen Ping had come to could lure the Wind Demon out, so that he could meet his old ancestor!
Chen Ping looked at the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder in front of him, his eyes were filled with intense surprise!
He found that the aura on the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man’s body was surprisingly much stronger, and at this time, the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man’s strength was feared to be no worse than that Miao Old Man!
One must know that back in the Mo Hai, the Devil Mountain Ghost Older had only revealed the third rank of the Transition Realm strength!