Only then did Chen Ping realize that these people were here to pick up Yumiko, but looking at the stance, Yumiko’s family must have a very high level of power!
“I really didn’t expect this little girl to have such a bullish background, look at this formation, it’s really bullish ……”
Hu Ma Zi looked at the caravan that came to pick up Yumiko and couldn’t help but sigh with emotion.
But just as Yumiko was about to get into the car, she suddenly stopped and turned her head to look at Chen Ping, shaking the phone in her hand towards him!
Soon a bodyguard ran up to Chen Ping and handed him a sticky note with Yumiko’s phone number on it!
The caravan left, and at that moment, someone came up to Chen Ping and said with an envious look on his face, “Young man, you’re so lucky, I didn’t think that the Missy of the Watanabe family would take the initiative to leave you her phone number.”
When Chen Ping heard this, he froze, “What? The Watanabe family’s eldest lady?”
“Yes, this is Miss Watanabe Yumiko, don’t you know her?”
The man looked at Chen Ping in surprise.
“Oh, I know, only just met ……”
Chen Ping could only smile awkwardly and then walked away!
But Chen Ping, who walked away, still couldn’t calm down for a long time, how could he have never thought that Yumiko would be the eldest lady of the Watanabe family!
Then in that case, Yumiko’s full name should be Watanabe Yumiko.
“Young man, seize the opportunity and never worry about it for the rest of your life.”
After the man said that, he turned around and left!
Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping in a daze and suddenly laughed, “The world is so big, it’s quite a coincidence that you guys are flying together after the Watanabe family’s eldest lady.”
“If she knew that you were there to destroy their Watanabe family, would she still take the initiative to talk to you!”
Chen Ping also did not expect that things would be so coincidental, and could only smile helplessly!
Chen Ping followed Hu Ma Zi and waited for a while at the airport exit, Chen Ping was waiting for Kawaguchi Kazuo!
But it had been ten minutes, but no one had come, so Hu Puzi couldn’t help but say, “Chen Ping, that Kawaguchi Kazuo wouldn’t have betrayed you, would he? You should have just killed him on the spot ……”
Seeing that no one had come to pick up, Hu Ma Zi muttered with a look of anger!
“I don’t think so, if he had betrayed me, there would have been many people here by now.”
Chen Ping looked around, and then said.
“Then we’ll wait for five minutes, if no one answers in I’ll call my friend and ask him to come and pick us up!”
Pocky Hu said as he looked at the time!
As soon as Hu Pazzi’s words fell, a young man, after looking around, hurriedly walked up to Chen Ping!
“Is that Mr. Chen?”
The young man asked.
Chen Ping nodded, “Yes!”
“Come with me, Lord Kawaguchi sent me to pick you up ……”
The young man said, turned around and left.
Chen Ping followed Hu Ma Zi and followed closely too!
Soon, the young man took Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi to a business car, and immediately afterwards the car began to drive away at speed!
After an hour or so, the business car finally stopped in front of a villa!
The young man opened the door and invited Chen Ping and Hu Pazi inside!
At this moment, Kazuo Kawaguchi slowly appeared, then waved his hand and dismissed the people around him!
“Mr. Chen, for the past few days, I’ve been suffering from irregular blood flow and a splitting headache, now that I’ve done as you instructed, can I have the antidote now?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping took out a pill from his pocket and threw it to Kawaguchi Kazuo!
Without hesitation, Kawaguchi Kazuo swallowed it!
Swallowing the antidote, Kawaguchi Kazuo looked and felt much better instantly!
“Kawaguchi Kazuo, this antidote is only a temporary antidote, it can only help you suppress the toxin temporarily.”
“If you want to be completely well, then we will have to wait until I have destroyed the Watanabe family.”
Chen Ping explained to Kawaguchi Kazuo.
Kawaguchi Kazuo froze, and his original excitement suddenly turned icy cold at this moment!