And at that moment, Chen Ping and Watanabe Fumio were in hot pursuit!
But after Watanabe Fumio saw the direction of the chase, there was a bit of panic in his eyes!
“Mr. Chen, we …… are we waiting for Master Fan? Up ahead is our Watanabe family’s ancestral house, the place where Watanabe Kazuo lives, that Chishima Chuan must be there, I’m afraid …………”
Watanabe Fumio was afraid that Chen Ping wouldn’t be able to deal with Chishima Chuan on his own!
Even though Chen Ping had been blasted by heavenly thunder today, Watanabe Fumio was still a little worried without having actually seen Chen Ping’s strength!
After all, if this failed, none of their family would be able to live!
“If you are afraid, you can go back, and when I kill them all, I will inform you ……”
Chen Ping’s footsteps did not stop, still heading towards the foot of Mount Fuji!
Seeing this, Watanabe Fumio could only follow with a stiff upper lip!
Soon, Chen Ping arrived at the wooden house at the foot of Mount Fuji, looking at the hundreds of samurai in front of the wooden house, as well as Watanabe Kazuo and others, Chen Ping stopped in his tracks!
Watanabe Kazuo, on the other hand, looked coldly at Watanabe Fumio and Chen Ping and shouted angrily, “Watanabe Fumio, you, the scum of the Watanabe family, how dare you collude with the Daxia people and kill your own brother, you should simply die ……”
Although Watanabe Kazuo was nearly is age, but his voice was as loud as a bell.
Watanabe Fumio did not dare to speak, he did not know how to retort, if they had not forced himself to send his daughter to the shrine, Watanabe Fumio would not have come to this point!
Along with Watanabe Kazuo’s angry shout, hundreds of samurai surrounded Chen Ping and Watanabe Fumio.
Although these people were also from the Watanabe clan, except that they would not be listening to Watanabe Fumio, these people were all those samurai from the side clans and would not listen to Watanabe Fumio at all.
“Watanabe Fumio, you are a disgrace to our Watanabe family, if I don’t kill you today, I will be sorry to the ancestors of my Watanabe family ……”
“Watanabe Fumio, you beast, worse than a pig or dog ……”
…………
Some of the Watanabe family’s sidekicks cursed at Watanabe Fumio, while Watanabe Fumishi couldn’t be happier when he saw this situation.
“Don’t talk nonsense with him, kill them ……”
Watanabe Kazuo said coldly.
As the words fell, hundreds of warriors instantly rushed towards Chen Ping and Watanabe Fumio!
Watanabe Fumio’s face instantly went white as he brought his body’s powerful energy to its fullest!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, faced the hundreds of warriors with indifference and disdain in his eyes!
Even when he had not been promoted to Martial Saint, he had no fear of these warriors!
Not to mention that now Chen Ping had been promoted to Martial Saint!
“Hmph, a bunch of mole crickets ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly, using his hand as a sword, and flicked it!
A brilliant light instantly shot out from his hand, the light, urged by the huge spiritual power, began to surge, becoming several feet long at once, and then cut down in the air!
The light instantly cut out a blade over ten metres long in the void!
The blade was so severe that it instantly severed the dozens of warriors rushing in front of it lazily at the waist!
“Ahh …………”
Screams of misery rang out!
The smell of blood mixed with all sorts of unpleasant smells made people start to gag!
And the warriors who were not cut off by the lazy backs and rushed behind, did not stop in time and kept tripping over the bodies in front of them!
In a flash, many of the warriors had blood and entrails hanging from their bodies!
This horrific scene caused the samurai to be stunned as if they had been struck by a heavy blow!
At this moment, even Watanabe Kazuo, together with those side lines of the Watanabe family, were all frozen in disbelief!
In particular, Watanabe Fumio, who was beside Chen Ping, had his entire mouth open wide as he stared dumbly at Chen Ping.
“Using Qi as a sword still seems to be almost meaningful, it is not as powerful as the Dragon Cutting Sword ……”
With that, the Zeng Long Sword suddenly appeared in Chen Ping’s right hand!
The Chopping Dragon Sword emitted a burst of green aura, and the terrifying pressure instantly crushed those panic-stricken warriors, and some of them fell to the ground on one knee, not wanting to fall to the ground full of blood and internal organs!