Soon, Gu Ling’er cooked the noodles and also stir-fried two dishes and brought them up, Chen Ping smelled the smell and his appetite was whetted!
“I didn’t expect you to be good at kung fu, but you’re quite good at cooking!”
Chen Ping complimented Gu Ling’er after taking a couple of bites.
But who knew that Gu Ling’er’s face was cold: “You’re the one who can’t do kung fu, I’m the champion tackler of our group!”
“Good, good, your kung fu is great!” Chen Ping was speechless for a while, with these two strokes, he was still the champion, he didn’t know how much water was in it, it must have been Li Shouyi who had let the water slip for the sake of Gu.
Gu Ling’er glared at Chen Ping, but then said with a curious face, “I really didn’t see that your kung fu was that strong, who did you learn it from?”
“Nonsense, can I destroy the Wei family if I’m not strong?” Chen Ping immediately said with a proud face, “I’m self-taught, I have good talent, no way!”
“Cut!” Gu Ling’er gave Chen Ping a blank look, she didn’t believe what talent Chen Ping was talking about.
“Is it true that no one in your provincial city puts you agents in their eyes?” Chen Ping asked strangely.
Chen Ping’s words were like a needle stabbing at Gu Ling’er’s sore spot, and Gu Ling’er immediately said with a downcast expression, “The provincial city is martial, there are martial arts schools everywhere, and there are more martial arts families than one can count. The strife of the martial dao families is also ruled or mediated by the martial dao alliance!”
Gu Ling’er’s words immediately aroused Chen Ping’s interest: “Martial Alliance? Is there such a thing in the provincial city?”
In the past, Chen Ping was just an ordinary person, so he was not exposed to this at all, so it was normal that he did not know about the Martial Alliance!
“Of course, the Martial Dao Alliance is formed by the four major Martial Dao families in the provincial city, in order to keep each other in check, as well as to deal with challenges from martial artists from other places!”
“Who are these four major martial dao families?” Chen Ping continued to ask.
“The Jiang Family, the Wu Family, the Sun Family, and a Red Phoenix Hall!”
Gu Ling’er replied.
“Red Phoenix Hall? How come there are gangs in it?” Chen Ping became increasingly curious.
“Although this Red Phoenix Hall has not developed for a long time, but it is very strong, especially their hall master, Red Phoenix, I heard that he is also close to the strength of Inner Strength Grandmaster, don’t look at this Red Phoenix is a woman, but she is ruthless and ruthless, in a short time, she has developed the Red Phoenix Hall and has a place in the Martial Alliance, but this Red Phoenix has never done anything harmful to God! ”
Gu Ling’er said, a few moments of admiration actually flashed in her eyes, it seemed that she admired this Red Phoenix a lot.
“In that case, this Red Phoenix is still a heroic woman!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, but for this kind of female heroine, Chen Ping also admired it more from his heart!
“Of course, many people in the provincial city call Chi Feng a female Bodhisattva, many gentry gentry brothers, bullying others with their power, as long as they encounter Chi Feng, they all meekly behave honestly, no one dares to mess with them, that Wei Tao of the Wei family, has been taught a lesson by this Chi Feng several times, because of this matter, Chi Feng Hall and the Jiang family got into a lot of disagreement.”
Gu Ling’er said, suddenly her eyes lit up, “If you can get to know this Red Phoenix, you might have a hope of surviving, as long as Red Phoenix comes forward, even if the Jiang family wants to kill you, they will have to weigh it up!”
“Don’t you want me to be killed by the Jiang family? How can I say that I am also a murderer and wipe out the entire Wei family!”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Gu Ling’er with a playful expression.
“Of course I don’t want it, if you die, Yu Qi will be very sad, I don’t want to see my good friend sad, and that Wei family deserves to die ……”
Gu Ling’er had no qualms about saying anything when she was in her own home.
“Hahahaha, no need for that Chi Feng, Jiang family want to kill me, it’s not that easy!”
Chen Ping laughed harshly, not putting the Jiang family in his heart at all.