Chen Ping and his crew plunged smoothly into the vortex, but no sooner had they entered than they were greeted by a swarm of hideous ghost faces!
Each face was cloaked in black mist, with claw-like tendrils writhing around them!
“Keep moving!”
Chen Ping activated his Indestructible Golden Body, instantly enveloped in golden light. A shield of Supreme Fire flared up around them!
Xiu Rui’s face was grim. Though he was at the peak of Immortal Transformation, he’d been trapped for centuries and hadn’t recovered!
Plus, this was the Heavenly Realm, no place for a peak Immortal Transformation monk to throw his weight around!
Hu Mazi brought up the rear, glaring at the dense cluster of ghost faces and cursing, “Bloody hell, got the guts to show your true form? Think this spook show scares anyone?”
With that, Hu Mazi pulled out three talismans, tossing them into the air!
*Boom!*
A massive explosion rocked the air, unleashing a surge of raw energy!
A dazzling light burst forth, illuminating the vortex like daylight!
In that moment, Chen Ping’s group saw clearly, the countless ghost faces were actually sprouting from a towering figure radiating deathly aura, wielding a war axe!
The tendrils and faces were like hairs growing from its body!
In front of this giant, Chen Ping and his mates looked like mere ants!
“What the hell is this thing? Is this bloke behind the cages?”
Chen Ping swallowed hard, staring up at the mountain-sized figure!
*Boom!*
Before they could react, the giant swung its war axe, crashing down toward them!
A terrifying aura slammed into them, while the tendrils and ghost faces attacked in unison!
Trapped in the narrow vortex, with such a ferocious assault, Chen Ping’s group had nowhere to dodge!
Xiu Rui’s eyes widened in terror, already regretting breaking out of his cage!
If he died right after escaping, he’d have been better off staying locked up. Maybe, given enough time, he’d have been released!
“Stupid sod, think being tall makes you tough?”
Hu Mazi snarled, then thrust his right palm forward!
A blue ice talisman appeared in his hand!
As it shattered, a bone-chilling cold flooded the surroundings!
*Boom!*
In an instant, every aura, every tendril, every ghost face was frozen solid!
The mountain-like giant stood still, axe mid-swing!
Time itself seemed to freeze!
Hu Mazi casually pointed at a tendril!
*Crack, crack, crack…*
With a series of snaps, everything encased in ice crumbled to dust!
Xiu Rui stared at Hu Mazi, jaw dropped, speechless!
Chen Ping was impressed too, grinning, “Master Hu, not bad, you’ve got some skills…”
“Obviously! I was nearly a Heavenly Immortal, mate. Sure, I’ve reincarnated, but all those tricks are still up here,” Hu Mazi tapped his head, striking a smug pose, “Give me a bit of time in the Heavenly Realm, and I’ll be back to my old self…”
“Then I’ll have to stick with Master Hu for protection!” Chen Ping chuckled!
“I’ll look out for you, but you’ve got to sort me out with some ladies. You’re a magnet for them, so nab a few and share the wealth!”
Hu Mazi teased!
“Oi!” Chen Ping rolled his eyes!
Xiu Rui, overhearing their banter, was at a loss for words!
“Just pulling your leg, I wouldn’t touch your women,” Hu Mazi gave Chen Ping a pat, “Let’s move. This thing’s just a puppet, definitely not the master of these cages…”
Chen Ping nodded, and the group sped through the vortex passage!