“Originally I wanted to kill him, but in the middle the Dong and Ge families died to protect Chen Ping, so I couldn’t do it ……”
Zhu Zhishan explained.
“What? The Ge family actually protected Chen Ping as well?”
Ning Zhi’s expression shook slightly as he listened, “That Ge family has never interfered with the affairs of the martial dao world, how could they suddenly go against our Martial Dao Alliance for the sake of Chen Ping?”
“The Ge family master said that someone from our Martial Dao Alliance had touched his daughter, and that when he investigated it, he would personally come up to the Martial Dao Alliance to take revenge ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes looked straight at Ning Zhi as he said this.
Because he knew that this was definitely Ning Zhi’s doing, having to use this method to provoke the Ge family!
Sure enough, Ning Zhi’s face changed slightly upon hearing this, but it was only for a moment!
“Lord Zhu, since that Chen Ping is seriously injured, he definitely won’t leave Kyoto, so we should lay a net of heaven and earth to kill Chen Ping within Kyoto.”
Ning Zhi took the conversation away from the Ge family!
“Kyoto is so big, where are we going to find Chen Ping? It’s fine if he’s hiding in the Dong family, but if he hides in the Protector’s Pavilion or the Ge family, can’t we still come to the door and ask for him in person?”
Zhu Zhishan asked.
“No matter where he’s hiding, as long as he doesn’t come out of Kyoto, I have my own way, I’ll apply now and ask the higher ups to send more experts over, if that’s not possible, send a black and silver robe, let’s see if that Chen Ping can still escape ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes were slightly glued, it looked like he would not rest until he killed Chen Ping!
“It’s better not to report this matter to the higher ups yet, otherwise none of us will have any good consequences, I’ll figure it out myself ……”
Zhu Zhishan knew that as an alliance leader, he had repeatedly failed, and the senior management was very upset.
It’s possible that he will have to simply roll away!
He still had a killer in his hand now, and when the time came to release Fan Jiang, he would definitely be able to kill Chen Ping.
“Alright then, I will not report this matter for now, if you guys fail to kill that Chen Ping before, don’t blame me for reporting it upwards as it is ……”
Ning Zhi finished speaking and turned to leave.
And the three black copper robe followed Zhu Zhishan face to face, now they know that several people are already a gra*shopper on a rope, in can’t kill Chen Ping, several of them don’t want to live.
…………
The Protector’s Pavilion!
Although Mr. Shi said that he didn’t care about Chen Ping, he was always watching the events at the martial arts arena.
At this moment, Xing Jun had already learned the entire process from the martial arts arena and returned to report back!
When he heard that Ge Fuhai had actually followed the Martial Alliance against him for Chen Ping, Mr Shi’s expression clearly changed!
“The Ge family has actually stepped in as well?”
Mr. Shi frowned slightly, “Stepping in to save Chen Ping, I don’t know if it was Ge Fuhai’s intention, or the Ge Family’s old ancestor’s intention ……”
“Mr. Shi, Ge Fuhai himself said that it was because the Martial Dao Alliance had touched his daughter that he targeted the Martial Dao Alliance.”
Xing Jun explained.
“Do you believe that?” Mr. Shi asked as he looked at Xing Jun.
Xing Jun didn’t say anything, but shook his head.
“Back then, when Ge Fuhai’s wife died in the middle of a fight in the martial arts world, the Ge family didn’t even step in, do you think Ge Fuhai would follow the Martial Arts Alliance against him for the sake of his daughter?”
Mr Shi continued.
“Then why did Ge Fuhai save Chen Ping? Could it be that he has some intention that he would rather break the rules that their Ge family has been following for so many years?”
Xing Jun asked, puzzled.
Mr. Shi pondered for a moment, “I don’t know what the Ge family’s intentions are, but it’s going to get more and more lively from now on, some guys who have been hiding for a thousand years look like they’re all going to surface ……”
“What about Chen Ping? He’s still in the Ge family, will he be in danger?”
Xing Jun asked when he saw that Mr. Shi also didn’t know what the Ge family was trying to do.
“No, since Ge Fuhai saved Chen Ping, he won’t kill him, you continue to keep an eye on the movements of the martial arts world, but remember, no meddling, our officials will pretend that they don’t exist this time ……”
Mr. Shi’s eyes faintly stared, a regal glint in his eyes, as if nothing could escape his eyes.