“Qu Yunchang, what realm are you at now? If you were to take on those clans in the Hidden Realm, would you be sure?”
Chen Ping wanted to know what strength Qu Yunchang had that he could not fight back!
Now that those people in the Hidden Realm were after him, Chen Ping had to find a way to destroy them all!
“Back to Hall Master, Old Slave is now an Eighth Grade Martial Emperor, to deal with those Hidden Realm clans, as long as they don’t unite, Old Slave won’t put them in his eyes.”
“If those Hidden Realm families dare to come to the sea, even if they unite, Old Slave will not be afraid at all!”
Qu Yunchang said to Chen Ping.
No wonder he couldn’t even receive a single move in front of Qu Yunchang, it turned out that he was a rank eight Martial Emperor.
But against a rank eight Martial Emperor, Chen Ping would not be able to fight back at all!
Luckily, Qu Yunchang was one of his own men, otherwise he might have died here today!
“So, if you suddenly become an immortal, then you will be able to rely on the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to cultivate and generate spiritual power in your dantian!”
Chen Ping asked Qu Yunchang.
But who knows, Qu Yunchang shook his head slightly and said, “Hall Master doesn’t know, it’s not that there is spiritual energy in the body that makes you an immortal cultivator, there is also a distinction between body refinement and qi training, but for those who are gifted, there are two types of training at the same time!
“The qi produced by body training is qi, the power that radiates through the muscles and joints of the body, this is the pure power that is referred to.”
“Qi training, on the other hand, is the sinking of Qi into the Dantian, storing the spiritual energy in the Dantian and then condensing it into a single strike when needed.”
“Just like the current martial artists and immortal practitioners, they both share the same path, and their ultimate goal is to soar to immortality!”
“So even if I break through the Transformation Realm, and even if I soar to immortality in the future, I don’t necessarily have to rely on the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to cultivate.”
“I don’t know if Hall Master can understand …………”
The first time I saw him, I was in the middle of a fog, and he seemed to understand, but he didn’t!
Seeing Chen Ping like that, Qu Yunchang smiled faintly and said, “Hall Master, let me explain it to you this way, even if the heaven and earth spiritual energy is in short supply, or even if there is no heaven and earth spiritual energy, I can still rely on cultivation to become an immortal ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.
If there is an abundance of spiritual energy in a place, relying on the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to cultivate the method must be good, but now the spiritual energy of heaven and earth is lacking, so it seems that this kind of cultivation method like Qu Yunchang’s is more suitable!
At that moment, Hu Pazi and the others came over and were blown to the other side of the island by the terrifying force that had just hit them!
Because they were worried about Chen Ping, they hurriedly came over!
“My name is Chen Ping, don’t call me Hall Master anymore, just call me Mr. Chen.”
When he saw Hu Puzi and the others coming, Chen Ping hastened to tell Qu Yunchang.
Chen Ping didn’t want people to know about the Heavenly Dragon Temple, because Chen Ping himself hadn’t figured out what kind of organisation it was!
Hu Ma Zi and the others came running over, originally thinking that Chen Ping would have a fight with Qu Yun Chang, but they were all shocked to see the two men standing together as if they were chatting!
“Master Hu, Brother Liu, let me introduce to you, this is Lao Qu, it’s kind of like not knowing each other ……”
The first time I saw you, I was in a hurry to introduce you to Hu Pazi and the others to avoid any misunderstandings!
“I’ve just offended you, please forgive me ……”
The first thing you need to do is to apologize to Hu Puzi and the others.
The few people who saw that Qu Yunchang, a top expert, had taken the initiative to apologize, were all a bit confused!