In the end, it actually turned into the appearance of Chen Ping, and looking at the appearance followed Chen Ping almost exactly!
Chen Ping was amazed when he saw this scene.
“This …… is too similar, so wouldn’t that mean you could turn into anyone and then do anything?”
Chen Ping asked incredulously.
“My current strength is still too low, this transformation technique can only last for half an hour at most.”
Hu Ma Zi regained his original face, followed by another flash of light, and from behind Hu Ma Zi, a person who followed Hu Ma Zi’s exact appearance appeared.
“But this doppelganger technique is able to last between half an hour and an hour!”
Pocky Hu looked at his split body and kept nodding his head, looking very satisfied!
Chen Ping looked at the two Hu Ma Zi and was considered to be completely shocked to the core.
He couldn’t help but go up and pinch that doppelganger of Hu Ma Zi’s face, and then patted it with his hand!
“sh*t, you pinched my face, perverted ah ……”
Hu Ma Zi knocked Chen Ping’s hand away!
“This …… is surprisingly real, not an illusion ……”
Chen Ping could literally feel the temperature on that doppelganger’s body.
“Nonsense, if it is an illusion, can it still be called a splitting technique, only this split can only have half the strength of the ability, if it can inherit all the strength of the main body, then it will be awesome!”
Hu Ma Zi sighed and put away his doppelganger.
If it could inherit the same strength as the main body, then it would be the same as one person, having double his own strength!
“That’s enough bullying!”
Chen Ping had seen how powerful the Rune Art was, although his Nine Shadows Sword Technique could also split his body, and several of them.
But that was only an illusion technique, a shadow splitting body, not an entity at all!
If he possessed this incantation spell, he could directly divide into one body and his real self could escape, it was simply a divine escape spell!
Now Chen Ping regretted pa*sing all these spells to Hu Ma Zi!
“What? Regret?”
Hu Puzi looked at Chen Ping like that and said with a faint smile.
“Regret what, but you said you would help me find the Hundred Eyes Gra*s, now go ……”
Chen Ping asked Pocky Hu to take him to find the Hundred Eyes Gra*s!
“Don’t worry, I promised you, how could I forget, let’s go ……”
Pocky Hu was in a great mood and led Chen Ping outside!
As he pa*sed the gate of the Heavenly Rune Sect, Chen Ping glanced towards the inside yearningly, when he was stronger, he would definitely come to step into this relic!
He was sure that there were even more powerful talisman arts waiting for him inside!
After coming out of the ancient ruins, Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu to search for the Hundred Eyes Gra*s!
After tossing and turning for three days, he had reached the very edge of the southwest.
Any further would be an endless sea!
“Master Hu, where is the Hundred Eyes Gra*s you mentioned? Don’t you lie to me ……”
Chen Ping looked at the sea and asked breathlessly.
“Don’t worry, I can still lie to you ……”
Hu Ma Zi said, taking out his compa*s card and starting to look for something!
The sea breeze whistled by, carrying a salty smell.
Chen Ping followed behind Hu Puzi, he wanted to see where this Hu Puzi was taking him!
After walking along the beach for half a day, a small island soon appeared in front of them, which was very close to the beach, only about ten miles away.
But the island was pale red, and from afar it looked like a mountain of fire!
Hu Ma Zi held his breath and concentrated, his spiritual energy condensed on his palms, then he began to walk on the surface of the sea, heading towards the island!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also hurriedly followed.
With their current strength, treading on water was as easy as stepping on it.
And Ge Yuhan was even as if she was floating on the surface of the water, the three of them heading towards the island.
If any ordinary people saw them at this moment, they would have thought they were immortals descending to earth!
Just as Chen Ping was approaching the island, a wave of heat hit them, and instantly several people’s clothes were soaked through!