“Shut the hell up ……”
Han Qing’er glared fiercely at Lu Factory!
“What the hell is that Chen Ping doing? Thinking that by levitating in mid-air like that, he can evade that Feng Wu Heng?”
Above the high platform, someone looked at Chen Ping in disbelief!
Chen Ping was currently hovering in mid-air, his body motionless, his eyes slightly closed, not knowing what he was thinking about!
But the crowd did not notice that the power of the divine dragon within Chen Ping’s body was rising up and then converging on the clouds above his head, followed by the appearance of nine golden dragons, which were swaying their bodies around the Dragon Tattooed Bell!
This Dragon Tattooed Bell was an ancient divine weapon, and Chen Ping knew that he had no chance of winning against the already demonised Feng Wuxing, so he decided to forcefully use this Dragon Tattooed Bell!
But this ancient divine weapon, once used carelessly, would suffer a backlash, but now at this moment, Chen Ping couldn’t care less!
Countless amounts of divine dragon power continued to flow out of Chen Ping’s body, almost without reservation, and the dragon crystal inside Chen Ping’s body was glowing more and more faintly at this moment!
With the ma*sive amount of divine dragon power coming out of his body, Chen Ping’s body was trembling slightly, but even so, Chen Ping was still gritting his teeth and holding on, as he hadn’t felt the Dragon Tattoo Bell being activated yet.
“What the hell is this guy doing?”
Yu Qian seemed to sense a change above the clouds, an aura that made him even feel a hint of danger!
Chen Ping was only a cultivator of the Third Realm of the Sub-Divine, how could he possibly give off an aura that made him still feel dangerous?
Yu Qian couldn’t understand what Chen Ping was doing!
Feng Wuxing also had a similarly ominous feeling and looked up at the calm sky, his brow furrowed!
“I will never give you a chance ……”
Suddenly, Feng Wuxing struck out, his huge body was like a rocket as he ruthlessly slammed towards Chen Ping!
The sound of breaking air whistled, the heavens and the earth trembled, and the void collapsed ……
Chen Ping felt this terrifying aura and was anxious inside, because at this moment, the Dragon Tattoo Bell, still had no response.
Seeing that Feng Wu Heng was close at hand, Chen Ping’s forehead was already breaking out in cold sweat!
Suddenly, Chen Ping seemed to think of something, and with a thought, his storage ring opened and the Flaming Tiger instantly rushed out!
The sudden appearance of the Flaming Tiger caused Feng Wuxing to freeze for a moment, he simply could not imagine how a demonic beast could suddenly appear on top of this ring?
It was because of this daze that his huge body was instantly pounced on by the Flaming Tiger!
Feng Wuzhen knocked the Flaming Tiger away with one punch and stood up immediately afterwards, while the Flaming Tiger also grew bigger and roared out of its mouth, looking at Feng Wuzhen intently!
“Flaming Tiger? How could such a demonic beast suddenly appear above this ring?”
“This Flaming Tiger appeared out of thin air, could it be that the Demonic Beast Secret Realm follows this secret realm with a secret pa*sage?”
“This is too unbelievable, never heard of it yet!”
When the crowd saw the blazing tiger appear, they all talked and even panicked a little!
If the demon beast secret realm had a secret pa*sage following this place, and those demon beasts came here through the pa*sage, wouldn’t that be a problem?
Those people on top of the high platform, however, could see clearly that this Flaming Tiger was released by Chen Ping!
“This Chen Ping, on top of the ring, but letting out demonic beasts to help, isn’t it only against the rules?”
At this point, someone questioned.
But just as he finished speaking, he refuted Ge Cansheng, “That Feng Wuxing summoned out six remnant souls, how come you guys weren’t seen speaking up and saying that it was against the rules?”
With one sentence, Ge Cansheng instantly shut the mouths of those who questioned!
“It’s really a bit interesting, this Chen Ping is getting more and more impervious to me ……”
Han Fusheng, who had remained silent, spoke up at this moment, with a few moments of appreciation for Chen Ping in his eyes!
“It is indeed a bit unbelievable that a small cultivator at the Third Realm of the Sub-Divine could tame a Flaming Tiger ……”
Yu Qian’s eyes were also filled with curiosity towards Chen Ping!