“It’s Ling Feng, he told me to come, he’s the one who told me everything …………”
Wei Tao endured the severe pain and said after Su Yuqi.
At this time Wei Tao still had his own little calculations, Ling Feng was the son of the city’s first hand, now he told him, he wanted to see if Chen Ping would go after Ling Feng, if Chen Ping made a move against Ling Feng, then he could watch the fire from across the river!
Once he heard that it was Ling Feng, Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with killing intent, Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping like that and instantly regretted it, had she known that she would not have asked Wei Tao.
“Chen Ping, it’s already alright, you shouldn’t be looking for anyone!”
Su Yuqi was afraid that Chen Ping would go looking for Ling Feng’s trouble!
“Mmm!” Chen Ping nodded, and then picked up Su Yuqi in his arms!
Su Yuqi buried her head into Chen Ping’s chest, feeling the warmth of Chen Ping’s chest, that indescribable sense of security that Su Yuqi enjoyed so much!
“From now on, I won’t let anyone hurt you a bit, ever …………”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi in his arms and said with a guilty expression.
“I believe you!” Su Yuqi stretched out her hands, hooked her arms around Chen Ping’s neck and gave him a kiss directly on his cheek!
This was the first time that the two of them had been so intimate. Although the two of them had unspoken feelings of love and affection for each other, it was the first time that they had been so intimate!
Chen Ping hugged Su Yuqi and got into the car, and then rushed all the way towards the Su family villa.
Inside the abandoned factory building, Wei Tao desperately tried to stand up, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t stand up at all!
Looking at his bloody leg, Wei Tao roared with a fierce face, “Chen Ping, I will never let you go …………”
…………
The Su family villa, Su Wenzong had long been anxious and sweating, following Su Yuqi for many years, Su Yuqi was more important than his life.
Soon, Chen Ping drove up to the door, when Su Yuqi got out of the car, seeing Su Wenzong at the door, he jumped straight on!
“Dad …………”
Hugging Su Wenzong, Su Yuqi’s tears flowed out!
“Daughter, are you alright?” Su Wenzong was also in old tears, his eyes glowing with murderous intent, “Who the hell is it? I will break him into pieces even if I have to fight with all my Su family’s strength!”
“Uncle, it’s all right now, just leave the rest to me!”
Chen Ping said to Su Wenzong.
Su Wenzong looked at Chen Ping and nodded, “Chen Ping, I’ll leave all of my Su family business to you, even if I have to fight it all out, I’ll make the other party pay the price ……”
Su Yuqi was Su Wenzong’s life, he could endure anything, but to do it to Su Yuqi, Su Wenzong would never endure it!
“I understand!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
Chen Ping got into the car and was about to leave, but Su Yuqi pulled him back, “Chen Ping, Xiao Lei is dead, that Wei Tao has also been taught a lesson, you should not go to the others.”
Su Yuqi was afraid that if Chen Ping went to find trouble with Ling Feng, it wouldn’t end well then!
“Don’t worry!” Chen Ping smiled lightly and stroked Su Yuqi on the head!
After getting into the car and leaving, Chen Ping gave Lin Tianhu a call.
“Lin Tianhu, tell Xiao Yan to collect his son’s corpse, in addition, tell the Xiao family to get out of Hong City within three days, I don’t want to see a single person from the Xiao family in Hong City after three days, if that Xiao Yan wants to seek revenge on me, tell him to come find me anytime ……”
Chen Ping’s tone had an unquestionable tone in it!
“Understood, leave it to me ……”
Lin Tianhu nodded his head!
Against a decaying Xiao family, Lin Tianhu alone would be enough, besides he would not give Xiao Yan the chance to seek revenge on Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping’s car was heading straight for Ling Zhenchuan’s house, Ling Feng was the culprit, so there was no way Chen Ping would just bypa*s him, even if his old man was the first hand of the city!