“Good, let these people deal with the tiger demon, then while the tiger demon is eating these people, we can get around the tiger demon from somewhere else.”
The High Priestess intended for Chen Ping and the others to be the tiger demon’s rations!
That way, the High Priestess and the others could sneak around the tiger demon from one side while it was eating the people!
“High Priest, this …… is not a good idea, is it?”
Daniel said with a difficult look on his face.
“Not good? What’s not good, it’s a life and death situation, should we not let them die and let us die?”
The High Priestess frowned and questioned Daniel with an icy voice.
Daniel had nothing more to say.
Seeing that Daniel was not moving, the High Priestess personally led the men towards Chen Ping and the others.
Chen Ping was chagrined that this tiger demon was bred and could not be tamed, when that high priest led the men to surround them.
These people from the Burning Heaven Divine Sect were all holding weapons and staring intently at Chen Ping and the others!
The high priest’s face was cold as he said, “Now that the tiger demon is in the way, since you have chosen to follow, you will have to pay a price ……”
“What do you mean?”
Chen Ping asked, pretending not to understand.
In fact, when he saw the High Priest leading the men to surround them, Chen Ping understood what was going on.
“You guys go deal with that tiger demon ……”
The High Priest said bluntly.
“What? Let us go deal with the tiger demon?”
“That tiger demon is very vicious at first glance, our strength is so low, going to deal with the tiger demon, isn’t that just going to send us to our death?”
Anna was shocked and questioned the High Priestess.
The High Priestess took out her bronze bell and a regal aura erupted from her body, which instantly enveloped Chen Ping and the others.
“If you go to kill the tiger demon, you can still have a chance of survival, if you don’t go, then you are bound to die ……”
After saying that, those people from the Burning Heaven Divine Sect, each with a murderous intent on their faces, aimed the weapons in their hands at Chen Ping and the others!
As long as Chen Ping and the others dared to say a word of no, they would immediately go on a killing spree!
Anna was furious at hearing this and was about to lash out, but was stopped by Chen Ping!
“This master, we are less powerful than you, isn’t it a bit inappropriate to let us deal with that tiger demon?”
Chen Ping asked cautiously.
“Hmph, there is no such thing as inappropriate, this is a society where the weak are stronger than the strong, it is better for you to die than for us to die ……”
The High Priestess grimaced and shook the bronze bell in her hand!
With a crisp ringing sound, a sound wave instantly came towards Chen Ping and the others!
“Master, please stop, can’t we go deal with that tiger demon?”
Chen Ping hurriedly begged for mercy.
“Hmph, count your wits, you few fight to your death against that tiger demon, when we leave, you will be able to escape, so you will still have a chance to live ……”
The high priestess snorted coldly.
Anna’s little face turned red with anger, she didn’t expect this Burning Heaven Divine Sect to be this kind of sect, thanks to the fact that they were still promoting it all day long as a charity!
Chen Ping gave a wink towards the crowd, then walked towards that tiger demon!
With Chen Ping’s strength, it would only take a minute to deal with the tiger demon.
When Chen Ping and the others pa*sed in front of Daniel, Daniel turned his head in shame, not daring to look at Chen Ping and the others.
“Roar …………”
The tiger demon looked at Chen Ping and the others who had walked in front of him and let out a fierce roar!
A gust of tiger roar swept in like a gale!
Chen Ping flicked his palm in front of him, and a barrier instantly blocked the aura!
“Daniel, let’s hurry up and go ……”
The High Priest urged at Daniel.
They had to take this time to flee this place, for that High Priest knew that with Chen Ping and the others being as strong as they were, they wouldn’t be able to resist the Tiger Demon for much longer.
Daniel had no choice but to follow the High Priest and leave quickly, and then choose another path towards the snowy mountains!