The girl was obviously shy and scared, and closed her eyes tightly.
Chen Ping saw this scene and frowned even deeper: “You, a monk, are so shameless, D*mn you ……”
“Hahahaha, what’s wrong with me being a monk? I practice joyful meditation, I can’t go a day without a woman!”
“You’re a tiny fifth grade Martial Saint strength fellow, you dare to come to Kuk Chan Temple to cause trouble, I’m afraid you’re not tired of living, right?”
Jue Wu laughed out loud, not taking Chen Ping’s accusations in the least bit seriously!
“Master Jue Wu, don’t talk nonsense to him, just get rid of this fellow.”
Shi Yan hurriedly said to Jue Wu, but with one eye, he couldn’t help but glance twice more at the woman in Jue Wu’s arms!
“To get rid of him, that’s not even a matter of minutes.”
Jue Wu smiled faintly and suddenly pushed the woman in his arms aside, followed by pressing one hand on the woman’s head!
In a matter of moments, the woman turned into a dry corpse!
Seeing this scene, it scared Shi Yan to death!
“Hahahaha, the taste of a woman is just good ……”
Jue Wu laughed out loud, then his wide sleeve robe waved gently, and immediately before them, the void began to shake continuously!
Along with the shaking of the void, several puppets slowly burst out of the ground!
These puppets looked very frightening and emitted a terrifying aura from their bodies!
As Chen Ping looked at these puppets, he could not help but frown, each of these puppets had actually reached the strength of a Martial Saint.
Chen Ping discovered that these puppets were not puppet corpses refined from corpses, as it was impossible to find so many Martial Saint corpses, and if a corpse was used to refine a puppet corpse, the strength of the puppet corpse would drop quite a bit compared to when the body was alive, so to refine a Martial Saint’s puppet corpse!
I am afraid that one must at least find a late Martial Saint corpse to do so, and such late Martial Saint strength corpses are so hard to find that they are almost just not available.
So these puppets were not refined puppet corpses at all, but were cultivated in a special way, by themselves.
The aura from this kind of puppet was many times more powerful than that of a puppet corpse!
“To be able to cultivate a Martial Saint’s puppet on your own, it seems that you, the Flower Monk, still has some skills ……”
Chen Ping looked at the puppets with interest!
“I’m capable of more than that, it’s your bad luck that you ran into me today ……”
Said Jue Wu, with a big wave of his hand, several puppets lunged directly towards Chen Ping!
These puppets had no thoughts, so they didn’t know what fear was!
All burst out their maximum strength, swung their fists and viciously smashed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping what a violent retreat, several puppets viciously smashed into the ground, instantly smashing the ground into a deep crater!
“Hahahaha …… Chen Ping, now I’ll see if you’re still mad, I’ll see how you can deal with these Martial Saint’s puppets by yourself!”
“They are not only Martial Saints, but they are also thoughtless and not afraid of death, I will see how you can deal with these puppets!”
Shi Yan laughed crazily!
“Since you want to see, then I will let you see ……”
Chen Ping finished his sentence and a light flickered above his palms!
Against these Martial Saint realm puppets, Chen Ping did not feel the slightest pressure!
These guys had no thoughts, no different from robots!
Chen Ping clenched his fists tightly as his body surged forward, and then like a stream of light, he rushed into those puppets!
Boom, boom, boom …………
All that could be heard was a loud bang, and several puppets all flew out!
They then fell heavily to the ground.
Seeing this scene, Jue Wu’s brow furrowed, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to be so strong!
That he could knock several Martial Saint level puppets out of the air in the blink of an eye!
“Kid, I didn’t expect you to have hidden your strength ……”
Jue Wu said in a cold voice.