A dozen sword qi disappeared without a trace in an instant!
“What man?”
Ge Jiayi’s face changed greatly as she hurriedly looked around.
Dong Liqun was also full of doubt, for he could just sense that the person who was able to fire that golden light was definitely unfathomable in strength!
“Miss Ge, it’s not too good for a young lady like you to have such a rough personality, is it?”
At this moment, a human figure slowly approached!
Upon seeing this figure, several people instantly froze on the spot.
“Brother Chen Ping, you …… you didn’t turn out to be dead ……”
Dong Jiahao slowed down and fiercely ran over and gave Chen Ping a fierce hug!
“Mr. Chen, you …… you ……”
When Dong Liqun saw Chen Ping, he was also too excited to speak!
Only Ge Jiayi was still dumbfounded as she looked at Chen Ping with a very complicated expression in her eyes.
After following Dong Jiahao’s words, Chen Ping looked at Ge Jiayi and asked, “Miss Ge, why is this, you must kill Brother Dong?”
Ge Chia-Yi said with a face full of anger, “This beast drugged me and defiled me, do you think I should kill him?”
“Brother Chen Ping, I didn’t, I really didn’t, how could I have done such a thing!”
Dong Jiahao hurriedly explained!
Chen Ping slightly raised his hand and stopped Dong Jiahao’s explanation, “Miss Ge, you are still intact, how can you say that brother Dong has defiled you?”
“How is that possible?” Ge Jiayi was stunned, she had clearly woken up with all her clothes off, how could she still be intact?
“Am I still lying to you, you can see for yourself your left arm!”
Chen Ping said, a ray of spiritual energy instantly punched into Ge Jiayi’s body, and soon on Ge Jiayi’s left arm, a red mark appeared!
Seeing that mark, Ge Jiayi was filled with excitement, “This …… is Shou Gong Sha?”
“Yes, this is the Guardian Sand, Miss Ge’s Guardian Sand is still there, how can she not be intact?”
Chen Ping asked.
Ge Jiayi was speechless for a moment, but still the atmosphere said, “This Dong Jiahao tricked me into going to the hotel, drugged me and removed my clothes, this is an indefensible fact ……”
“Miss Ge, you must have misunderstood, when did I ever go to a hotel with you, that really wasn’t me ……”
Dong Jiahao explained with a face full of aggravation.
“How can I possibly misunderstand, I went to the hotel with you, can’t I be wrong?”
Ge Jiayi was also convinced, stating that what she said was true.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, he looked at Dong Jiahao’s expression, it didn’t look like a lie, and Ge Jiayi’s look didn’t look like a lie either!
Then there must be some kind of misunderstanding in this!
Suddenly, Chen Ping seemed to think of something, so he asked Ge Jiayi, “Miss Ge, do you know that there is such a thing as disguise art in this world?”
“What do you mean?”
Ge Chia-Yi was stunned!
“I think there must be a misunderstanding here, maybe someone disguised himself as Brother Dong and tricked you there, in order to instigate the conflict between your two families?”
Chen Ping followed Ge Jiayi’s analysis.
Ge Jiayi fell into silence and said a moment later, “I will investigate this matter in detail, if it is really what this Dong Jiahao called, I will never forgive him.”
“Miss Ge, if I did it, I’m willing to kill myself to thank for it ……”
Dong Jiahao said with a firm face.
Ge Jiayi was now also a bit overwhelmed, she could only leave first and wait for the investigation to be clear!
“Brother Chen Ping, thank you so much, go inside quickly, tell me what you’ve been doing all this time ……”
When Ge Jiayi walked back, Dong Jiahao impatiently pulled Chen Ping into the room!
Chen Ping didn’t hide anything, and told Dong Jiahao about his experiences along with him!
When he heard that the more than ten sects and families in Kyoto were all destroyed by Chen Ping, Dong Jiahao’s mouth was so shocked that he could not close it.