“Chen Ping, you scum, you promised to be my man and now you are fooling around with other women.”
“Thanks to me being punished by my father for you and thinking about it behind closed doors for ten years, you’ve broken my heart too much.”
Lin Keting’s voice unexpectedly rang in Chen Ping’s ears!
Chen Ping’s body trembled and hurriedly pushed Zhu Qingxiu away, then rushed out of the room, “Miss Zhu, it’s really not allowed, I don’t want you to misunderstand that I saved you just to sleep with you.”
“You take an early rest, I need to find a place to recover my spiritual energy, helping you with alchemy has made me lose a lot!”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s figure unexpectedly disappeared!
Looking at the place where Chen Ping disappeared, Zhu Qingxiu’s entire body froze, she didn’t understand, how could Chen Ping possibly resist such a request from herself?
Could it be that she was not pretty enough?
Or was it that she did not have a good figure?
Why in the end?
Zhu Qingxiu couldn’t figure it out, but she still left with an embarrassed face!
Chen Ping’s family didn’t want to, even if Zhu Qingxiu took the initiative in any way, in the end it wasn’t futile!
And in the end, she made herself look like a slut!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, went to a forest dozens of miles away from Zhu Jia Town!
He didn’t dare to stay in Zhu Jia Town anymore, Zhu Qingxiu was afraid that she would eat him!
“Miss Lin, what’s wrong with you? Why are you being locked up for contemplation?”
After stopping his form, Chen Ping asked Lin Keting!
Chen Ping really didn’t understand what exactly was the reason for Lin Keting to be punished?
“Don’t you care, even if I tell you, it won’t be of any use, you just need to give me not to go around playing with women.”
“It’s only ten years, it’ll be over in the blink of an eye, I’ll go back to you then!”
Lin Keting did not tell Chen Ping that she was willing, after all, it was useless to say so!
It was impossible for Chen Ping to come to Sun Moon City, and he wouldn’t be able to reach Sun Moon City at all!
“Ten years? I ……”
Chen Ping wanted to say something else, but realised that he couldn’t contact Lin Keting.
Chen Ping himself did not even know where he would be in ten years, although ten years was nothing for a cultivator!
But for Chen Ping, it was too long!
Maybe ten years later, he already had concubines and grandchildren by his side. ……
Lin Ke Ting was afraid that she would only be able to be a minor when she came to find herself.
Unconsciously, Chen Ping remembered those women around him!
“Yuqi, I wonder where you are?”
“Ruxue, Mei’er, Qing’er, Jiayi, Yuhan …………”
“Are you guys okay? I don’t know when I’ll be able to see you all ah!”
Chen Ping remembered the scene of frolicking amongst the many women, it was truly beautiful.
“Don’t think about it, let’s just cultivate ……” Chen Ping shook his head and dispelled those distracting thoughts in his mind!
Taking out the Spirit Pure Bottle, Chen Ping directly took out the Jiao Dragon’s blood inside!
A mass of blood was suspended in mid-air, and around that blood, there seemed to be a small dragon of aura flowing continuously, emitting a majestic aura!
It was only the blood of a Jiao dragon, but the noble lineage it contained and the majesty it exuded was completely different from that of ordinary demonic beasts!
Chen Ping struck out a ball of Supreme Fire, and then that blood transformed into a stream of mist on the Supreme Fire!
And these mists gradually condensed and transformed into the appearance of a scaly dragon!
Obviously, this scaly dragon had only just transformed and could not be considered a true dragon yet!
Chen Ping looked at the scaly dragon in front of him, but for a moment, he could not bear to absorb it to help him cultivate.
Although this scaly dragon followed Chen Ping’s golden dragon true body difference of eighty thousand miles, but how to say that this scaly dragon hard cultivation, from the python into a scaly dragon is not easy!
Now it has even transformed into a Jiao dragon and has already possessed part of the dragon bloodline!
But just when Chen Ping was hesitating, suddenly a red light flashed, instantly absorbing the mist condensed auger dragon!
Chen Ping was stunned and hurriedly looked, only then did he realise that the red light was actually Cen Biqing’s Dragon Crystal, and all the breath that had been transformed into the blood of these scaly dragons had been absorbed by the Cen Biqing Dragon Crystal!