Yuan Baozhong put away the silver needles and looked at Chen Ping with a grim expression!
“What do you know, a brat? If you think you’re great, don’t talk about it behind you, but take a look?”
Zou Zhaolong said with a face full of disdain.
“Zou Zhaolong, Mr. Chen must have his reasons for saying so, you are a big liar in partnership with that Yuan Baozhong, and you still dare to call yourself a master?”
Zhao Wuji rebuked angrily at Zou Zhaolong!
Zhao Wuji’s words caused Zou Zhaolong’s face to turn cold, while that Yuan Baozhong’s brow was furrowed, Zhao Wuji’s phrase “big liar” had completely struck him!
He had originally thought that this scam would be foolproof, so he had followed Zou Zhaolong to cooperate with him, but now that he had been exposed by Chen Ping on the spot, he was afraid that his reputation would be in ruins!
Thinking of this, Yuan Baozhong looked at Chen Ping with hostility in his eyes, he wanted to eat Chen Ping alive!
“Since Pavilion Master Zhao said that we are big liars, it is not good for me to be treating Leader Chang’s son, you have the ability, you do it ……”
Yuan Baozhong turned around and walked to the side, he had already seen the cause of Chang Yuan’s illness, so he was sure that Chang Yuan would wake up, the reason why Yuan Baozhong had just made the situation so serious was to make Chang Yuan nervous, so that Chang Yuan would take them seriously!
Now that Chen Ping was not very agreeable to his diagnosis and treatment, Yuan Baozhong took this opportunity to let Chen Ping try his hand, he concluded that Chen Ping was not capable of forcing out the poison of the Miao Village poisonous insect, as long as Chen Ping failed, Yuan Baozhong could take the opportunity to make a fuss and let Chang Yuan Jun deal with Chen Ping!
At this moment, when Chang Wanjun saw that Yuan Baozhong had even stopped the healing, he became somewhat anxious and said, “Master Yuan, don’t listen to what others say, I do believe in you, please also ask Master Yuan to heal my son ……”
Chang Yuanjun’s attitude was humble, for the sake of his son, Chang Yuanjun could lower his posture!
“Leader Chang, it’s not that I don’t heal, now that someone is questioning my diagnosis and Master Zhao Pavilion is calling us big liars, how else can I strike? This in case there is any mistake, won’t I be unable to say anything, since this Chen Ping can also see the cause of your son’s illness, then let him heal it ……”
Now Yuan Baozhong is already sure of Chang Yuanjun, because the poison of the Miao Village’s poisonous insects is not that easy to cure, even if other magicians are invited, they may not be able to heal Chang Yuan!
“Master Yuan, then Chen Ping he …………”
“Leader, Mr. Chen is indeed a natural talent, I believe he can cure your son, no need for these two big liars ……”
Not waiting for Chang Wanjun to finish, Zhao Wuji hurriedly said to Chang Wanjun!
“Shut up, shut up for me!”
Chang Wanjun turned his head and looked at Zhao Wuji angrily, “Now you guys get out, get out …………”
Chang Wanjun had intended to give Chen Ping a chance, after all it was a rare opportunity to see a master of arts like Yuan Baozhong heal a patient with his own eyes, Chang Wanjun hoped that Chen Ping would put away his sharpness and learn more!
But to think that Chen Ping had no humility and was pointing fingers at Yuan Baozhong behind his back, and saying that Yuan Baozhong was only half right, that would make anyone angry!
“Leader …………”
Zhao Wuji saw that Chang Wanjun was angry again, and suddenly his face was anxious!
“Alright, no need to say anymore, you guys go out and don’t disturb Master Yuan’s healing ……”
Chang Wanjun waved his hand and said with a cold face!
Whether or not Chen Ping really knows the art of medicine, in Chang Wanjun’s opinion, Chen Ping, who is only in his early twenties, could not possibly compare to Yuan Baozhong in any way, no matter in terms of strength or experience, Chen Ping does not have the strength to follow Yuan Baozhong’s comparison!
How to say that Yuan Baozhong became the No. 1 master of arts in China and Hong Kong, this is not just a casual name, it must be a real skill!