Within the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Chen Ping appeared in a desolate land with Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu looked at the scene in front of her and displayed a very shocked look!
After all, this was the first time she had seen such a place, she had walked throughout the entire Eastern Region, but this area, clearly did not belong to any part of the Eastern Region!
Chen Ping and Ji Yun then acted much calmer, after all, they had both entered the Divine Demon Battlefield and knew about the Divine Demon Battlefield, so there was no more surprise!
“This Divine Demon Battlefield looks desolate, more desolate than even the Eastern Domain, would there be treasures in such a place?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked in confusion!
“Whether there are any treasures or not, who knows, we can only depend on our luck, maybe the treasures are not found, and we will still leave our lives here!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Ah?”Zhu Qingxiu was shocked, “Could it be that there is still danger here?”
“You don’t have to be too scared, most of the time there is no danger.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked straight ahead!
Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu followed behind, stepping on the barren land and leaving a trail of footprints!
It was obvious that no one had ever come here, and those who had started to enter the cave entrance had probably been sent to other parts of the Divine Demon Battlefield!
After all, this kind of teleportation from the entrance into the Divine Demon Battlefield was all random!
Chen Ping exploded his divine sense, wanting to probe around and see if there were any people who had been the first to enter!
However, just as Chen Ping’s divine sense erupted, suddenly a mysterious force directly shattered Chen Ping’s divine sense and caused Chen Ping’s mind to become dizzy!
Chen Ping’s face changed drastically and was filled with disbelief!
He was aware of the power of his divine sense, yet it was crushed so easily!
“What a powerful forbidden force, this Divine Demon Battlefield doesn’t look simple!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
He was in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, and he also felt the enormity of that force of whatever!
After a while, Chen Ping’s mind gradually cleared up, and looking at the barren vastness, he wondered if he had rushed into the Divine Demon Battlefield correctly!
And at this moment, not far away from them, a sound of footsteps rang out, followed by Lin Keting and that Right Blind Elder slowly coming!
Seeing Chen Ping in that state, Lin Keting faintly smiled and said, “Did you emit divine sense and get attacked?”
Chen Ping froze, but did not say anything!
“This place is forbidden, there is no way to probe with your divine sense, and you can’t burst out your spiritual energy at all, flying in the air is even more impossible!”
Lin Keting said to Chen Ping!
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping immediately ran the spiritual energy in his body and found that it was really suppressed!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly ran his other powers, Dragon Power, Origin Power, and even the power of the three clans, but it was still suppressed to death, and there was no way for it to explode with half of its power!
Chen Ping’s face became extremely ugly, if he encountered danger at this time, wouldn’t he become a lamb to the slaughter?
“How could this be? Why do you know that this Divine Demon Battlefield possesses this kind of prohibition?”
Chen Ping did not understand, this Lin Keting had also entered the Divine Demon Battlefield for the first time, so why did she know it well?
“I have only heard about it.”
Lin Keting smiled faintly, but Chen Ping did not believe it!
It was just that this Lin Ke Ting did not want to say it, and since she did not want to say it, Chen Ping did not ask any more questions!
“When you arrive at this God and Demon Battlefield, everyone will become ordinary people and must use the most primitive power, so it is very cruel here.”
“When you’re outside, you’re no more bullish, but when you’re here you’re just an ordinary person, so don’t run into danger.”
Lin Keting reminded with a smile!
Chen Ping took a deep breath and slowly calmed his mind, after all, his physical body was phenominal, even with the purest physical strength, Chen Ping was not afraid of anyone!
Not to mention that Chen Ping also had the Holy Light Fist, which could be executed without any mana, using his physical body strength alone!
For Chen Ping, this prohibition might still be a good thing!