“No matter what kind of person this Chen Ping is, since he dared to destroy your Hundred Refinements Pavilion, I will not sit idly by and do nothing. You two, in this state now, must have already had an empty internal energy, so rest well here!”
When Jue Yuan finished speaking, he waved his palm and a Buddha statue in the hall glowed with light, followed by a wave of power visible to the naked eye, entering Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan’s bodies.
Both of them immediately felt their bodies relaxed beyond measure, and their strength instantly returned to its peak!
“Senior brother, what is this?” Shi Qingpei asked with a shocked expression.
“This is the power of faith, the purest power of faith, those believers you see have all travelled through mountains and water and come here to worship through all the hardships, only such faith can produce the purest power of faith!”
“This kind of faith power is far stronger than the resources you are using by a hundred times, if I use my faith power, I can easily create a Martial Saint in his twenties out of it!”
Jue Yuan said with a smug look on his face.
Jue Yuan’s words filled Shi Qingpei’s father and son with shock!
“Senior brother, then what realm of strength have you reached now?”
Shi Qingpei asked.
“The peak of Martial Saint …… In a few days, when I have absorbed this power of faith, I might have to break through Martial Saint ……”
“When I break through the Martial Saint, even if that Chen Ping is from a hidden family, what can he do?”
Although Jue Yuan’s tone was flat, he could hear the excitement and disdain in his heart.
“Breakthrough …… through the Martial Saint? Wouldn’t that make you a Martial God?”
“This Martial God would be a generation of gods, capable of being pa*sed down for thousands of years ……”
Shi Yan said as he looked incredulously at Jue Yuan.
“Hahahaha, what is a Martial God, people like us who are uncontested in the world and are dedicated to cultivation, which one of us is not running to become an immortal and a Buddha.”
Jue Yuan laughed loudly, although he said it was nothing, Shi Yan’s words still made him very excited!
“With senior brother here, our great revenge will definitely be avenged ……”
Shi Qingpei said with a happy face!
“Don’t worry ……”
“Hahahaha …………”
Jue Yuan’s laughter echoed over the entire Kuchan Temple ……
………………
In the secret realm!
Chen Ping led Su Yuqi and the girls to follow the map all the way and finally found the place where the red dot was flashing!
This was actually a waterfall, and the place where the red dot was flashing was right after that waterfall.
“Could it be that the exit is behind this waterfall?”
Xiao Ru asked as she tilted her head and looked at the towering waterfall.
“Maybe it’s not an exit, it’s something else?”
Su Yuqi said.
“If it’s not an exit, what else could it be?” Xiao Ru asked in confusion.
“What if it’s a treasure?” Su Yuqi said with a smile.
“Treasure?” Xiao Ru’s eyes widened in surprise, but she quickly shook her head and said, “How could there be treasure, you’ve already said that this is that Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm, they must have all checked it, if there really is treasure, how could they not have found it!”
“I’ll go and scout it out and find out, you guys wait here first ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body took a long leap and went straight through that waterfall.
On the cliff behind the waterfall, there was a large cave entrance, except that it was hidden by the waterfall and could not be seen from the outside at all!
With the Wordless Book of Heaven in his hand, Chen Ping slowly walked towards the cave entrance!
Chen Ping had just walked a short distance into the cave entrance when he noticed three big words carved above the entrance!
Endless Cave …………
And there were signs of excavation around the cave, and signs of human activity!
This proves that the cave must have been inhabited, and that someone must have stayed in this secret realm!
But why was it now lifeless and devoid of a single person?
Was it because the Demon Heart Sect had taken over the secret realm and killed everyone here?
Chen Ping continued to walk deeper into the cave, the further he went the darker it became, so Chen Ping could only flick his palm and a light blue spirit fire burst into flame, illuminating the entire cave!