With a cold snort, Chen Ping reached out and whipped out a slap, which hit the fat stall owner’s greasy face so hard that he spun around a few times before stopping!
Half of his face was red and swollen, he was already fat and now his face was swollen, he looked like a pig’s head.
“Give me a go, kill him ……”
The fat stall owner roared!
Several brawny men rushed straight towards Chen Ping, each with a roar coming out of their mouths!
Boom boom boom …………
But just as they rushed up, in only the blink of an eye, several burly men were all kicked back by Chen Ping, and then fell to the ground unable to get up again!
This time, everyone froze, and those vendors who were shouting just now shut their mouths, and some even sneaked away, knowing that they had met a ruthless man today!
The fat stall owner, after a moment’s daze, said with a fierce face, “Kid, you dare to cause trouble in Antique Street, do you know who is in charge here? This is the territory of the Gathering of Righteousness Hall, it’s covered by Master Tiger, just wait for death!”
The fat stall owner knew that once the words “Gathering of Righteousness Hall” were uttered, even if the King of Heaven came, he would tremble.
There were many people who had caused trouble in the Antique Street, and there were even big shots like the patrol chief and the pagoda master, but so what, if they brought out the Hall of Righteousness, who wouldn’t just meekly pat their a*ses and leave?
“Gathering of Righteousness Hall?” Chen Ping smiled coldly, “If I say I’m not afraid of the Hall of Righteousness, what can you do?”
“Who is not afraid of the Hall of Righteousness?”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words left his mouth, a harsh voice came out, followed by the crowd of onlookers instantly blinking out of the way!
A man with a scar on the left side of his face walked over, followed by a dozen of men, each with a fierce face!
Both the vendor and the onlookers showed fear when they saw these men!
And when the fat stall owner saw the man, he immediately crawled over, “Brother Scar, this kid is causing trouble here, and he even robbed the jade I wanted to pay tribute to Master Tiger, it’s imperial green, Master Tiger likes it the most!”
This fat stall owner was really good at making things happen!
“Imperial green?” Scarface’s eyes lit up, “Kid, show me the jade!”
“You’re Lin Tianhu’s man?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Scarface.
“b*****d, is the name of Master Tiger something you can call?” The fat stall owner scurried up and pointed at Chen Ping, “This is Brother Scar, the number one general under Master Tiger’s account, the law and order of this Antique Street is under Brother Scar’s control.”
Chen Ping did not care about the fat stall owner, but looked at Scarface and showed his ring, “Do you know this ring?”
Scarface looked at it carefully twice and said with a disdainful face, “A broken copper ring, what’s there to know, now you hand over the jade and I can spare you from disrespecting Master Tiger!”
Chen Ping took out the jade stone, the emerald green jade stone, shining with luster, causing a brilliant light to appear in that scar face’s eyes!
“Quick, give it to me!”
Scarface beckoned towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping played with the jade and spoke indifferently, “Since you don’t know my ring, then let Lin Tianhu come, as long as he comes and wants this jade, I can give it to him!”
“What did you say?” Scarface was furious, “Is Master Tiger something you can just see? Who do you think you are? You don’t know what you’re doing, it looks like you have to force my hand!”
“If you don’t call, I’ll call him!”
Chen Ping took out his mobile phone!
“You have Master Tiger’s phone number?” Scarface frowned!
To know what kind of person Lin Tianhu was, not just anyone could have Lin Tianhu’s phone number, now that Chen Ping even had Lin Tianhu’s phone number, then it couldn’t be an ordinary person!
“139322 …………”
Chen Ping directly reported Lin Tianhu’s phone number and looked at Scarface, “Is it you who calls, or me?”