Bai Chicory listened quietly, he had heard his own master recount the events of the Heavenly Realm for I don’t know how many times!
It could be seen that the Godly Tattoo Old Ancestor missed the Heavenly Realm very much and wanted to return to it, it was just a pity that he had never been able to return!
“Master, disciple has always wondered, this physical body of yours right now, is it the one you occupy, or is it your original physical body?”
Bai Chicory asked curiously.
The Divine Ripple Old Ancestor looked at Bai Chicory and said with a faint smile, “Then, after all these years, you have followed me in my cultivation, do you feel that this physical body of mine is not your own?”
“Yes. I feel that Master Ancestor was trapped in the Celestial Realm and his own strength regressed, with no way to return to the Celestial Realm.”
White Chicory said!
Hearing Bai Chicory say so, the Godly Tattoo Old Ancestor let out a light sigh and looked at the dark night sky, “Ai, inexplicably being caught up in the God-Devil War, now I can’t even figure out why.”
“Back then, a huge force sealed the entire Celestial Realm, making all of us here in the Celestial Realm Battlefield have no way in leaving.”
“Those who died, those who were injured, after so many years, all those who came from the Celestial Realm, their strength is estimated to have declined a lot, this Celestial Realm’s Immortal Qi is extremely scarce, and is not suitable for us to cultivate at all.”
“I know that some people couldn’t break through the Heaven and Earth Formation of the Celestial Realm, and started to find another way to tear the void to go to other worlds, trying to find a way to return to the Celestial Realm.”
“But it’s all too difficult, each world has each world’s laws of heaven and earth with their own seals, this seems to be a punishment from the heavens for the God-Devil War.”
“I’ve been studying the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation for so many years, but I’ve gained nothing, and my strength is still declining, I know that it’s almost impossible to break through this Heaven and Earth Grand Formation and return to the Heavenly Realm on my own.”
“Although you are a genius, it’s a pity that you don’t have the talent, and there’s no way that this heavy responsibility will fall on you.”
The Divine Ripple Ancestor spoke of the past, as if he had grown much older all of a sudden!
“Senior, you always talk about talent, what exactly is talent? Could it be that this Senior Brother has talent?”
Bai Chicory asked in disbelief!
The Divine Ripple Elder Ancestor shook his head and said, “Whether he has talent or not, I don’t know, I’m just betting on it now.”
“In the Celestial Realm, a place where the art of formations is strangely lacking, yet that Chen Ping was able to break through the Blood Refining Cage with hard work, that proves that he is not ordinary.”
“And things like talent are all inherent, not something that can be made up for with acquired effort.”
“How long did it take you to learn divine patterns from me before you were able to carve out divine patterns on your own without having to watch?”
“Disciple is stupid, it took almost ten years.”White Chicory said awkwardly!
“But this Chen Ping, in less than three days, he can now inscribe divine lines, this is talent ……”
“It’s not that you don’t work hard, but any more effort is worthless in front of talent!”
The Divine Patterns Old Ancestor explained!
Bai Chicory seemed to understand something as he listened to the words of the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor!
“Master, that Formation Demon has been fighting with you for such a long time, what exactly does he want from you?”
Bai Chicory asked in disbelief!
Ever since he had followed the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor, he had often found that person of the Formation Demon looking for trouble from the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor!
“Hahaha, that old thing, he’s fighting me for you guys ……”
“Back then, you were accepted by me as a disciple, and that Formation Demon saw that you had good natural talent, so he frequently tried to snatch you away.”
“Now that Chen Ping is doing the same again, the people of the Formation Demon have been observing for so many days, I believe that the Formation Demon has also known for a long time that I have taken in another gifted disciple.”
“I just want to be angry with this old thing, fighting with me from the Heavenly Realm, all the way to the Celestial Realm, and trying to compete with me at every turn.”
The Divine Grain Old Ancestor laughed out loud!
It could be seen that the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor didn’t seem to have any deep hatred following the Formation Demon, it was more like two little old men, climbing and fighting with each other!