“Captain Zhou, help, help ah ……”
Seeing that it was Captain Zhou coming, Qiu Yu hurriedly shouted!
He originally thought that he would definitely die, but he didn’t expect Captain Zhou to arrive in time, this time he didn’t have to die!
As Captain Zhou looked at the cultivators who had died tragically, as well as Qiu Yu whose legs had been ruined, his brows couldn’t help but wrinkle!
“How dare you, not only did you escape from within the dungeon, but you also dared to make a move to injure someone, and you even dared to touch Duke Qiu?”
Captain Zhou looked towards Chen Ping and said with cold eyes!
Chen Ping just coldly glanced at that Captain Zhou and said, “There is no business for you here, get out of the way and don’t invite a killing curse for yourself.”
“There will naturally be someone to give you an account of my escape from the prison, I reckon that this moment Bai Cheng has already taken the amnesty order to the prison.”
“Even if there is an amnesty order, it is not a condition for you to escape from the big prison, not to mention that you dared to strike and hurt someone.”Captain Zhou roared!
“Looks like you have to arrest me?”The murderous aura on Chen Ping’s body began to spread!
If this Captain Zhou did not know better and insisted on fighting with himself, then Chen Ping did not mind killing him along with him!
This Captain Zhou was only at the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm, it would be as easy as a slap in the face for Chen Ping to kill him!
Outside of this Beast City, Chen Ping was not subject to any restrictions and could use all the power within his body, unlike within the Beast City, where Chen Ping could only use the power of the Beast Clan with caution!
“Of course I’m going to capture you.”
After Captain Zhou finished speaking, he held a long sword and directly attacked towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping watched as Captain Zhou attacked with a long knife in his hand, a trace of coldness flashed in his eyes.
He shook his head slightly and said in a cold voice, “Since you don’t know how to die, then don’t blame me for not being polite.”
Captain Zhou took the lead, and the dozen or so guards behind him also flashed their weapons and followed.
They quickly spread out and set up a formation, surrounding Chen Ping in the middle.
Captain Zhou roared, “Bold fanatic, you won’t be able to escape with your wings today!”With that, he swung the long sword in his hand, and a powerful blade Qi chopped towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping stood still, not moving at all, as if he did not take this attack into consideration.
Just when the blade Qi was about to reach him, he gently flicked the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand and easily dissolved the blade Qi.
“Is that all you have?”The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth rose slightly, revealing a disdainful smile.
Captain Zhou’s face sank, he did not expect Chen Ping to dissolve his attack so easily.
Just as Captain Zhou was leading his men to launch an attack on Chen Ping, that Qiu Yu secretly crushed a jade slip, which was a signal to follow his family for help!
Regardless of whether or not this Captain Zhou could beat that Chen Ping, Qiu Yu only hoped that he would be able to hold out until his family came to his rescue!
And at this moment, Captain Zhou looked at Chen Ping with a gloomy face, then shouted, “Formation!”
The dozen or so guards heard the order and immediately changed formation, a ray of light emanated from them and connected with each other, forming a powerful formation.
Within the formation, the pressure surged, as if there was a huge mountain pressing down on Chen Ping.
Chen Ping felt the pressure around him, yet he remained calm.
The Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand shook slightly, and a powerful force emanated out.
“Break!”Chen Ping lightly shouted as the Dragon Slashing Sword was swung forwards. A brilliant sword light flashed and directly chopped at the formation.
The sword light collided with the formation with a loud bang.
The formation trembled violently and its light flickered erratically. However, in just a moment, the formation was chopped through by the sword light.
A dozen or so guards were sent flying backwards by the shock, spitting out blood from their mouths.
They looked at Chen Ping in horror, their hearts filled with fear.
Captain Zhou was shocked in his heart when he saw that the formation was broken.
He knew that he had underestimated Chen Ping’s strength, but there was no way back at this point.
He gritted his teeth and wielded his long sword once again, charging towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at the rushing Captain Zhou, a hint of killing intent flashed in his eyes as he flashed and instantly appeared in front of Captain Zhou.