He was going to follow the Kyoto Martial Alliance to the death!
After saying that, Chen Ping slapped out his palm and instantly smashed the black bronze robe’s head!
Although this black bronze robe was stupid, Chen Ping would not let him go!
Seeing this, those from the Broken Heart Sect kowtowed to each other like garlic!
“Grand Master, we are not from the Kyoto Martial Alliance, we are not ……”
That Severed Gut Sect Patriarch desperately explained!
“No? If not, how come you guys are following the orders of these men in black?”
Chen Ping asked.
“It was the Zhu Alliance Master, the Zhu Alliance Master of the Martial Alliance, who found us with the token and ordered us to relocate here.”
The Broken Heart Sect Patriarch said.
“That Zhu Zhishan died long ago, you guys still don’t know? Also what token did he take that made you guys so scornful?”
Chen Ping was surprised and asked.
“I have seen that token, is twenty years ago, the evil cultivator Fan Jiang carry the token, this token can call the entire Great Xia evil cultivation sect, just do not know how to Zhu Zhishan’s hands!”
“But now that Zhu Zhishan has died, the token is also unknown, the future of the evil cultivation sect will be a scattered sand, no one will be able to mobilize!”
Hu Pazi followed Chen Ping and explained!
Chen Ping listened and suddenly laughed: “It doesn’t matter if the token is gone, I can make that Fan Jiang appear!”
Chen Ping said, opened the storage ring, a black fog instantly emerged!
Immediately after the black fog coalesced into a human form, it was Fan Jiang who had turned into a soul!
Seeing this scene, Hu Pazi was a bit dumbfounded, he never knew that Chen Ping still carried Fan Jiang’s soul!
Wasn’t Fan Jiang already dead?
And that Broken Heart Sect Patriarch saw Fan Jiang, the whole person acted excited beyond compare!
“Mr. Chen …………”
After Fan Jiang appeared, he shouted Chen Ping very respectfully!
Now everything he had was in Chen Ping’s hands, and he could only obey Chen Ping!
“Look at this group of people, are they your disciples’ disciples ……”
Chen Ping asked to Fan Jiang.
Fan Jiang swept a glance at those from the Broken Heart Sect, then asked, “Which sect are you from?”
“Back to the old ancestor, we are from the Broken Gut Sect.”
The Broken Gut Patriarch hurriedly replied.
“Broken Gut Sect?”
Fan Jiang frowned, I remember your patriarch is not this strong?
Broken Gut Patriarch said with an embarra*sed face, “Back to the old ancestor, back then most of the evil cultivators were hunted down and killed, only a part of it was retained, our current strength, among the evil cultivation sects, is considered a good strength.”
Fan Jiang quite well, sighed heavily, then said, “You guys listen to me, in the future, you have to follow Mr. Chen’s lead, listen to Mr. Chen’s command ……”
“Obey the order ……,” the Broken Heart Sect Patriarch hurriedly kowtowed in agreement!
The old ancestor has given his word, that is more powerful than a token!
“Mr. Chen, in the future, when you encounter evil cultivation sects, just let me come forward ……”
Fan Jiang said to Chen Ping ingratiatingly.
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded, then asked to Fan Jiang: “You also know some ancient ruins, to this Heavenly Rune Sect ancient ruins, how much do you know?”
“Mr. Chen, I know the ancient relics, but only a thousand years old, like this Heavenly Rune Sect, afraid of thousands of years old, this kind of I really do not understand!”
Fan Jiang replied!
“In that case, then you go back, when there is a suitable opportunity, I will find you a pair of flesh ……”
Chen Ping said, opened his storage ring and put away Fan Jiang’s soul!
Broken Gut Sect Patriarch led the crowd to kowtow to Chen Ping desperately.
“I, the people of the Broken Gut Sect, swear to follow Mr. Chen to the death ……”
The Patriarch of the Broken Gut Sect shouted!
Now that their old ancestor was in the hands of others, how dare they guys disobey?
Chen Ping glanced at the Broken Gut Patriarch and said, “It’s okay to follow me, but you must not be practicing evil techniques and sucking the essence of innocent people, if I find out, kill without amnesty ……”