It could be seen that Shen Wansan was truly repentant, and this incident had hit him hard.
“Since that’s the case, then I’ll be polite ……”
Since Shen Wansan said so, Chen Ping was not polite either, after all, this 10,000-year ginseng king was very important to him.
“Mr. Chen, I’ll send my men from home here, a ten thousand year old ginseng king like this, I’m afraid it will take a few days to dig, you must be careful when digging it, I’ll personally supervise the work ……”
Zhou Zhiqian said to Chen Ping.
A few days, Chen Ping didn’t have time to wait, so he waved his hand and said, “No need, you all go back, I’ll stay here by myself just like that, tomorrow morning Lin Tianhu will drive to pick me up ……”
The crowd did not know what Chen Ping was going to do, but no one dared to refute, they all left the Black Blind Forest, after the crowd had gone back, Chen Ping looked at the 10,000 year old ginseng king, inwardly excited, hurriedly sat down on his knees, and ran the Heart Condensation Skill in his body!
A large amount of spiritual energy swarmed towards Chen Ping, while the ten thousand year old ginseng king seemed to sense something, its branches and leaves swayed desperately, as if to get rid of the fate of being absorbed.
It took Chen Ping half a day and a night to suck up the spiritual energy of the ten thousand year old ginseng king, and Chen Ping’s realm jumped directly to the third level of the incipient stage. When Chen Ping opened his eyes, feeling his strength once more, he swept a glance around the woods.
A 10,000-year-old ginseng king had only raised Chen Ping’s strength by two layers at the incipient stage. Chen Ping did not know how difficult the path of cultivation would be later on, but since he had entered the path of immortality cultivation, Chen Ping would not give up easily, besides, he had not yet figured out his own birth.
Looking at the skeletons all over the ground, Chen Ping knelt down and kowtowed to these warriors. After all, the growth of this 10,000-year Ginseng King was also due to these people, who used their own flesh and blood to nurture this 10,000-year Ginseng King.
When Chen Ping walked out of the Black Blind Forest, he found that Lin Tianhu was already waiting at the foot of the mountain in his car, while Shen Lang had brought dozens of people to prepare for the collection of the remains. Not far from the foot of the mountain, the sound of roaring machinery was constantly thought of, and it turned out that after descending from the mountain yesterday, Shen Wansan had immediately found a construction team to start the construction of the mausoleum.
Chen Ping did not stay too long, but let Lin Tianhu drive him to the Shen family. Chen Ping intended to return to Hongcheng immediately after saying goodbye, after all, tomorrow was the day to follow Qin Xiaolin in the competition, he could not be late, and now that his strength had increased, Chen Ping had a lot of confidence in his heart.
Chen Ping arrived at the Shen family, the Shen family had been waiting for Chen Ping, but when Chen Ping said he was leaving, Shen Wansan hurriedly said: “Mr. Chen, it’s not easy for you to come to the northeast, we haven’t done our best as hosts, you stay here for two more days, or let my Shen family have a chance to repay Mr. Chen …… ”
“Master Shen family, I do have some urgent matters, I can’t stay long, so I will say goodbye to this …………”
Chen Ping said politely.
Seeing Chen Ping’s insistence, Shen Wansan could only be slightly disappointed and said, “Since Mr. Chen has an important matter, then I will not force myself, but if Mr. Chen needs to be useful to my Shen family, we will not hesitate to do so ……”
Shen Wansan spoke sincerely, the Shen family had managed to escape this time thanks to Chen Ping.
“Okay ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Shen Wansan sent someone to drive Chen Ping and the others directly to the airport, because Zhou Zhiqian still had some business to take care of at the Zhou family, so he did not follow Chen Ping back together.
It was noon before Chen Ping returned to Hongcheng, and at this moment, Chen Ping’s Pan Long Bay villa was filled with people. Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix were not there, and hundreds of his men had surrounded Chen Ping’s villa, and Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong were all there.
Seeing that Chen Ping had returned, these people hurriedly greeted him, while Chen Ping said with a puzzled look on his face, “What happened?”
“Mr. Chen, that Qin Xiaolin is here and is in the house …………”
Gu Wentian said with a nervous face.