Chen Ping could only listen to Ge Jiayi’s nonsense, but he couldn’t say a word!
“Brother Chen, so you’ve been thinking about my sister, then why haven’t you visited us for so long?”
“My sister is always calling your name in her dreams.”
Xiaomin asked as she stepped forward and looked at Chen Ping with a playful expression.
“I …… I’ve just been too busy lately and haven’t taken the time ……”
Chen Ping said with some embarra*sment.
“It will be good in the future, we can see each other more often ……”
Xiao Min had a happy face.
“What’s going on?” Chen Ping was stunned.
“My sister has decided to move the Red Lotus Palace here, so we’ll be close enough to see each other more often.”
Minnie hemmed and hawed.
Chen Ping was personally surprised, he did not expect Ji Ru Xue to make such a major decision.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not say anything, Xiao Min continued, “My sister is doing this for you, you can’t let her down ……”
After saying that, Mandy jumped after her!
Chen Ping froze on the spot, unable to react for a moment.
Originally, Chen Ping was already worried about so many women together, but now he didn’t expect Ji Ru Xue to come along again ……
After about an hour or so, most of the guests had arrived.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, toasted every table, after all, these people all ate to run to him Chen Ping, not to mention what the purpose of these people came, since they came is a guest!
But there was one table that Chen Ping didn’t even dare to go to!
That was Ji Ruxue and Ge Jiayi’s table.
I don’t know which master had arranged it, but he had put all the women at one table.
Ji Ruxue, Ge Jiayi, Ge Yuhan, Gu Ling’er, Wu Mei’er, Xiao Lan …………
With so many women at one table, Chen Ping was always on tenterhooks as to whether they would fight!
But in the end, Chen Ping still walked over, after all, Ji Ru Xue had come all the way over, he always had to show something.
When Chen Ping walked up to the table, the gazes of all the women fell on Chen Ping with a brush!
Chen Ping felt the gaze of these women, to be more stressed than facing a Martial Saint!
“Miss Ji, thank you for coming all this way to congratulate me, I’ll drink up ……”
With an embarra*sed face, Chen Ping finished his drink in one go.
Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Ping’s embarra*sed face and couldn’t help but cover her mouth with a smile, then she also picked up her wine cup and drank it all in one go!
“You guys drink, you go on, I’ll go greet the other guests ……”
Chen Ping finished stuttering and turned to flee as if to walk away.
And behind him, in came a burst of laughter from the girls!
Chen Ping ended up sitting at Jiang Wei’s table with them, after all, these people were also young talents, and Chen Ping wanted to get to know them a little better.
Whether they were friends or enemies, it was always a good idea to get to know them better.
As soon as Chen Ping sat down, Jiang Wei looked at him with envy on his face and said, “Brother Chen Ping is not only the leader of my younger generation, but he is also a man of character and surrounded by beautiful women.
I could tell that Jiang Wei’s words were not a compliment, but genuine envy!
He knew that the women at that table were more beautiful than the others, with good figures, and any one of them could be a stunning beauty.
Especially Ji Ru Xue, many people were mesmerised by her.
It was because Ji Ru Xue’s every move, even her glance and smile, carried an aura of immortality.
It was like a holy fairy from heaven!
If it wasn’t for the fact that she was here in Chen Ping’s place, many people would probably have to go up and strike up a conversation.
And then there was Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan, two people with naturally charming bodies, whether it was the aura that flowed from their bodies or the glow that emanated from within their eyes, they made men want to stop!
“Brother Jiang is joking, it’s all just friends, all friends ……”
Chen Ping gave an awkward smile.
Immediately afterwards, an untraceable divine sense emanated from Chen Ping’s body, enveloping several people’s bodies!
He wanted to probe what kind of cultivation level these people had!