While the Five Elemental Beasts were desperately attacking, Chen Ping was hiding inside the Dragon Tattoo Clock and relaxing, and was simply fine!
Gradually, the attacks of the Five Elemental Beasts were getting weaker and weaker, and the figures of the Five Elemental Beasts were also gradually disappearing!
This Five Elemental Beast was merely an illusion, not a solid entity, and would dissipate after exhausting its energy!
‘No, damn you, have the ability to come out!’
Looking at the huge dragon patterned bell in front of him, Mu Nai Yi hissed and slapped his palm on top of the dragon patterned bell!
‘I won’t come out, I’m so angry with you!’
Chen Ping said in a leisurely manner within the Dragon Tattoo Bell!
‘Ah …………’
Mu Naiyi hissed!
‘Missy, this guy is being a shrinking violet, so let’s kill all these Guanghan Palace Holy Maidens and see if he comes out!’
Mu Yao reminded Mu Nai Yi!
They still had Bing Lu and the others in their hands to blackmail Chen Ping!
When Mu Naiyi heard this, he laughed and hissed at Chen Ping, ‘Do you hear me, if you don’t come out, I’ll kill all of these Holy Maidens.’
‘Mr Chen, don’t come out, we are not afraid to die!’
Bing Lu shouted!
‘Let you shout ……’
Mu Yao stepped forward and slapped Bing Lu’s face heavily!
‘Kill me if you have the ability, we will never let you have your way even if we kill ourselves.’
‘Sisters, we must not drag Mr Chen down, and even more so, we must not let the Mu family brutes, hold us hostage against Mr Chen.’
‘I’ll leave first, all of you follow ……’
After saying that, Bing Lu’s body’s aura began to bulge, unexpectedly wanting to self-destruct!
Seeing this, several other Saint Maidens also chose to explode themselves, never dragging Chen Ping down!
This time, it scared those people from the Mu Family!
Mu Naiyi also did not expect that these Saint Maidens were so unafraid of death!
‘In front of me, none of you have the ability to blow yourselves up!’
Mu Naiyi’s palm waved, a vigorous breath, instantly pressed down towards Bing Lu and the others, making Bing Lu their bulging breath, directly put suppression, no way in rising!
In front of absolute strength, suicide was a luxury!
‘Is your Mu Family so shameless that you rely on underhandedness to defeat your opponents?’
At this moment, the Dragon Tattoo Bell suddenly disappeared, and Chen Ping slowly appeared!
‘Chen Ping, you shrunken head turtle, if you obediently kneel on the ground and suffer death now, I can release these holy maidens.’
‘Otherwise, I will make you watch with my own eyes as this holy maidens are abused to death one by one.’
Mu Naiyi stared at Chen Ping and said coldly!
She knew that her strength wouldn’t last long, so she didn’t want to be following Chen Ping around!
When Mu Yao and the others heard this, they all immediately showed lustful glints in their eyes and licked their lips!
When Chen Ping heard this, his brows furrowed!
‘Mr Chen, don’t mind us, just go away ……’
Bing Lu shouted!
‘You Mu family members are truly animals.’
Chen Ping snapped!
‘Animal? I’ll show you what an animal is!’
Mu Yao’s face was filled with a cold smile, and suddenly with one hand, he tore off the clothes of a holy maiden with a piercing sound!
‘Ah……’
That holy maiden’s snow-white skin was exposed, and her eyes were filled with rage!
‘bast*rd ……’ Bing Lu and the others . Roared!
Mu Yao, however, was full of sardonic laughter, ‘Chen Ping, are you going to kneel down and die or not?’
After saying that, Mu Yao tore off Bing Lu’s clothes!
As long as Chen Ping did not agree, it looked like Mu Yao would tear off the clothes of all the Holy Maidens one by one!
Chen Ping’s eyes spewed out anger, and his body was trembling from rage!
Just when Chen Ping was in a dilemma, Ouyang Zhenhua suddenly stormed out!
‘Damn, you Mu Family bunch of animals!’
Ouyang Zhenhua led the crowd of cultivators and suddenly stormed up, charging towards Mu Yao and the others!
Mu Yao and the others had never thought that Ouyang Zhenhua would suddenly attack with a large number of cultivators, they were caught off guard and were directly killed or injured!
Bing Lu and the others were also saved by these people from Ouyang Zhenhua!
‘Fellow Daoist Chen, fight at ease, never let these beasts of the Mu Family go!’
Ouyang Zhenhua shouted at Chen Ping!