On the outskirts of Beast City, the Immortal Spirit Stone vein.
Criminal Daorong had already arrived here with his men and had laid down layers of guards around the vein, so as long as someone was close, he would immediately know!
Looking at the vein, the Immortal Spirit Stones that were flickering with light, Xing Daorong’s eyes were filled with excitement!
“Getting rich, getting rich …………”
“Hahaha …… this time I’ll see how that Qiu Wanha can fight with me!”
Criminal Dao Rong just couldn’t control it and laughed madly.
“General Xing, it’s better not to be too happy too early, I think that Qiu Fu is already sending people, right now we need to think of a good strategy against the enemy.”
Chen Ping reminded to Ding Daorong!
“Right, right, right, right now we must keep you, Qiu Wanha, out of the way, this if he takes over the Immortal Spirit Stone vein, then the entire Beast City will be his.”
Ding Daorong nodded his head and said!
“General Xing, I wonder who is superior in terms of your strength compared to that Qiu Wanha?”
Chen Ping asked!
“The two of us are equal, it’s not easy to tell the winner from the loser!”
Ding Daorong said!
“Since this is the case, then General Xing will bring people to guard the vein and I will bring people here to mine, if the mining speed is fast enough, this vein is estimated to be finished in a few days.”
Chen Ping said as he glanced around!
This Immortal Spirit Stone vein was not very large, after all, the large veins, had long been mined, only this small vein could be hidden for so many years to be discovered!
“Good!”Criminal Dao Rong nodded and said to Bai Cheng, “Bai Cheng, you lead the people to follow Chen Ping to mine the Immortal Spirit Stones, no matter what happens outside, you don’t care, just mine at ease.”
“As you command!”Bai Cheng nodded his head and said!
After explaining the situation, Xing Daorong allowed Chen Ping to lead Bai Cheng and the others to mine, while he led his men to guard the mountain to prevent Qiu Wanha from a sudden attack!
Just after Xing Daorong had made the arrangements, it felt like the entire hill was trembling slightly!
Immediately after that, hundreds of people, densely packed, came in great numbers, and the leader was none other than that Qiu Wanha!
Seeing this, Ding Daorong immediately ordered his men to set up a formation!
Qiu Wanha walked up to the top of the mountain and stopped, coldly looking at Interdao Rong, his eyes filled with killing intent!
“Xing Daorong, what are you doing here?”
Qiu Wanha said knowingly!
Criminal Daorong looked at Qiu Wanha who asked the question knowingly, and immediately said in a fit of rage, “I’m doing whatever the fuck I want to do, it’s none of your business!”
“Does this mountain belong to your family? Then what are you doing here?”
Xing Daorong directly disliked Qiu Wanha, causing Qiu Wanha to just stare, and then he was on fire!
“Xing Daorong, did you grow up eating shit? Let me tell you, there are Immortal Spirit Stone veins here, my son discovered them.”
“Now that my son has been victimized, and I heard that it was your Xing Mansion’s guest secretary who did it, I advise you to hand over the person and get the hell out of this place.”
“Otherwise, don’t blame me for being impolite to you!”
Qiu Wanha hissed loudly, his voice like a flood bell, penetrating a hundred miles!
When Ding Daorong heard this, the corner of his mouth hooked into a cold smile, his eyes revealing disdain and contempt, as if he was mocking Qiu Wanha’s ignorance and arrogance.
“Qiu Wanha, your son didn’t learn his craft well, his skills are inferior, he deserves to die!”
“My Xing Mansion’s guest secretary, is it not for incompetent people like you to casually criticize?”
“As for the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, humph, what is in the heavens and the earth is for the fated, whoever discovers it is the one who owns it, do you think that our Xing Mansion is a soft persimmon to be pinched by anyone?”
Xing Daorong was not the least bit afraid of Qiu Wanha!
When Qiu Wanha heard this, he was so furious that his face turned blue, his beard stood on end, his eyes were rounded, as if he was a lion about to become furious, and his body exuded a palpitating killing intent.
“Criminal Dao Rong, you are digging your own grave! If you don’t give a statement today, you won’t want to leave this place alive! I’ll let you know what happens when you offend my Qiu Family!”
The aura on Qiu Wanha’s body began to erupt, and the entire mountain was instantly enveloped in a terrifying aura!