“I have to take revenge …….”
Chen Ping said faintly as he stabilized his mind.
“Revenge?”
Mr. Shi flicked his palm and Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards out.
There was not a single moment of resistance.
“Remember, the martial arts world has rules for the martial arts world, and the rules for the Kyoto martial arts world were made by me.”
“If you want to break the rules and disobey me, then show your true ability.”
“If you don’t have any real ability, keep your mouth shut and listen honestly.”
“You leave the boundaries of Kyoto right now, at least a thousand miles away, and if I’m watching you cause trouble in Kyoto during this time.”
“Kill without pardon …………”
Although Mr. Shi’s words were spoken very softly, they were incomparably shocking to Chen Ping’s ears.
Chen Ping did not say anything, looking at Ning Zhi who was dying in front of him, the Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was trembling slightly.
He really wanted to go over and kill Ning Zhi with his sword regardless.
But he knew that in front of Shi, he wouldn’t even have the chance to strike.
But now that Ning Zhi had become a ruined man, even if he lived, he would be in pain for the rest of his life, and this might be a better revenge.
Chen Ping put the Dragon Chopping Sword away, swept a glance at Dong Jiahao, and did not speak, instead his body leapt up and disappeared into the darkness.
“You guys get lost too ……”
Mr. Shi looked at Dong Liqun.
Dong Liqun trembled in fear and hurriedly took the Dong family’s people away.
“Mr. Shi, why did you save that Ning Zhi? And told Chen to stay away from Kyoto?”
At this moment, Zhao Wuji walked up to Mr Shi and asked in a very puzzled manner.
Mr Shi looked at the dying Ning Zhi, then said, “It wasn’t him that I saved, but that Chen Ping.”
“If he had stayed in Kyoto, he would have died for sure ……”
Zhao Wuji froze, sensing that Mr. Shi seemed to know something.
But he didn’t dare to continue asking, there were some things that were not something he should know at his level.
After Mr. Shi left, some of the Ning Family’s remaining underlings hurriedly carried Ning Zhi into the room for medical treatment!
Only Ning Zhi was so badly injured that even if he didn’t die, he was afraid that he would have to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair.
And as the youngest master of a martial arts family, and the only heir, Ning Zhi might as well die if he spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair.
The subordinates were at their wits’ end, and in the end, they could only wait until Ning Hai was out of the gates before saying anything.
In the room, Ning Zhi was left alone, his whole body in pain, making him faint several times.
Although he could not move now, the anger in his eyes was still burning.
“Chen Ping, if I don’t kill you, I swear I won’t be a human being ……”
Ning Zhi cried out, but unfortunately, no matter how hard he tried, the sound he made was very faint.
“Do you want to kill that Chen Ping?”
Just then, an old and distant voice suddenly rang out in Ning Zhi’s ears.
“Who? Who is it?”
Ning Zhi hurriedly turned his head and saw that in the room, a human figure slowly appeared.
And this figure just appeared out of thin air. Ning Zhi tried to keep his eyes wide open, but he still couldn’t see what the figure looked like.
It was as if what was in front of him was not a person at all, but a shadow.
But why was the shadow talking?
“You don’t have to care who I am, I can help you heal your body and I can also help you kill that Chen Ping!”
The shadow said slowly.
“Then what do you want me to do?”
Although Ning Zhi was severely injured, his thinking was not affected, and he knew that there were no good things that fell under the sky.
Since this man wanted to help him, he must also want what he wanted.
“Really smart, it seems that I have found the right person to find you!”
The figure smiled faintly, “What I need is your body.”
“My body?”
Ning Zhi froze, not understanding what the figure meant by that.
“I’m just a divine sense right now, so I need to reside within someone else’s body, and you’re the one I’m going to reside in!”
The silhouette explained.