“Second Master Zhou, don’t worry about it, I know what to do, but the power gathering pills promised by Second Master Zhou …………”
“Don’t worry, Palace Master Xiao, when has my Zhou Tiancheng’s promise not counted for anything? A mere hundred Power Gathering Pills is nothing to my Zhou family.”
Without waiting for Xiao Da to finish, Zhou Tiancheng patted his chest and a*sured him.
Only then did Xiao Da smile in satisfaction, and then waited quietly for Ji Ru Xue’s arrival.
Soon, Ji Ru Xue arrived at the Sacred Beast Palace with two of her disciples, because of the alliance with the Sacred Beast Palace, and because Ji Ru Xue had come to the Sacred Beast Palace more than once, so this time Ji Ru Xue did not bring many people with her.
Seeing Ji Ruxue arrive, Zhou Tiancheng led his men to hide at the back of the hall and looked at Ji Ruxue through a gap.
“Palace Master Ji, I’m really sorry for making you come all the way in person ……”
Xiao Da hurriedly said politely after seeing Ji Ru Xue.
“Palace Master Xiao is polite, sending someone to call me here in such a hurry, is there something important?”
Ji Ru Xue asked as she turned to Xiao Da.
“Palace Master Ji sit first, let’s chat over a drink, I have specially prepared a good tea ……”
Xiao Da sat in an inviting gesture.
Ji Ru Xue did not have the slightest defense and sat down on the chair, but did not drink the tea, but asked again, “Palace Master Xiao, you’d better tell us what’s important first!”
Ji Ru Xue was rather anxious to know what Xiao Da was looking for in such a hurry to bring himself here.
“Palace Master Ji, do you know about the Zhou Tiancheng of the Zhou Family in Wancheng City?”
Xiao Da asked to Ji Ru Xue.
Ji Ru Xue nodded, “Yes, isn’t that the big pervert? He has more than a dozen wives and is very famous in this area, what’s wrong?”
“Zhou Tiancheng of the Zhou family found me and wanted me to introduce Palace Master Ji to him, it looks like he has taken a liking to Palace Master Ji, but our two families are allied, how could I do that, so I refused him!”
“But you know the Zhou family’s current strength, if the Zhou family were to deal with my Sacred Beast Palace, we would only be beaten, so I want to ……”
Before Xiao Da could finish, Ji Ru Xue said with a grateful face, “Lord Xiao, don’t say anything, since our two families are allied, then we will live and die together, if the Zhou Family dares to make a move against the Sacred Beast Palace, then my Red Lotus Palace will definitely mobilize all of its nest.”
“Even if we fight to the death, we will never let the Sacred Beast Palace face the Zhou Family alone!”
Ji Ru Xue was grateful and touched for Xiao Da at this moment, Xiao Da was able to offend the Zhou Family for her sake, then her Red Lotus Palace could not stand by and watch the Sacred Beast Palace in distress either.
“Good, with these words from Palace Master Ji, I am relieved!”
Xiao Da had a happy face and then lifted his cup of tea, “Palace Master Ji, the two of us will drink a toast together with tea instead of wine to express the common determination of our two families!”
Ji Ru Xue had no doubts and lifted her cup of tea, following Xiao Da and drinking it all!
Zhou Tiancheng, who had been peeping from the back, saw Ji Ru Xue drink the tea and a smug smile surfaced on his face.
After Ji Ru Xue drank the tea, she didn’t feel anything different and was still following Xiao Da in conversation.
But when Zhou Tiancheng walked out from the back, Ji Ruxue instantly gave a freeze.
“Hahaha, they say that Palace Master Ji is as beautiful as a heavenly immortal, but when I saw her today, she is many times more beautiful than a heavenly immortal.”
“This would be worth it even if I die if I could sleep with Palace Master Ji.”
“Even if I die under a peony flower, I’ll be a ghost. ……”
Zhou Tiancheng looked at Ji Ruxue with lustful eyes and slowly moved closer towards Ji Ruxue!
Ji Ruxue frowned: “Palace Master Xiao, what’s going on?”
“Ji Ru Xue, you’d better obey Second Master Zhou, I can’t help it ……”
Xiao Da persuaded at Ji Ru Xue.
When Ji Ru Xue heard this, she instantly understood, and her face instantly turned red with anger, her eyes fiercely glaring at Xiao Da, hating to eat him up.