“Chen …… Chen Ping ……”
Xiao Da didn’t know when, but Chen Ping was already behind him.
And that Zhou Tiancheng, upon hearing the two words Chen Ping, also turned around hastily and found that Chen Ping was standing at the entrance of the hall with a face as cold as frost.
“Xiao Da, you are really good at it ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly frozen as he looked coldly at Xiao Da, each word containing an endless killing intent.
Xiao Da looked at Chen Ping with that look and trembled in fear, backing up repeatedly.
“Mr. Chen …… Chen, listen to my explanation ……”
Xiao Da trembled and tried to explain to Chen Ping.
“What the hell are you explaining, is Miss Ji here? Release her to me ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
Xiao Da backed up repeatedly and finally turned his gaze towards Zhou Tiancheng.
It was not like Xiao Da could make the decision, so he could only let Zhou Tiancheng do it.
“Kid, you are the Chen Ping who is being hunted by the Kyoto Martial Alliance?” Zhou Tiancheng sized up Chen Ping, then continued, “That Ji Ru Xue is in my bed, she is now my person, you want to take her away, no way ……”
As soon as Chen Ping heard that Ji Ru Xue had actually been won over by this Zhou Tiancheng, the aura on his body instantly soared, and the temperature in the entire hall suddenly dropped a lot.
Endlessly terrifying killing intent began to diffuse uncontrollably.
“If you really move Miss Ji, I will let your entire Zhou family be buried with you ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, cold intent shooting out from his deep eyes!
“Let our entire Zhou family be buried with you? What a joke ……”
The corner of Zhou Tiancheng’s mouth raised, followed by two men in strong suits quickly rushing out from the back hall.
After Zhou Tiancheng saw these two men, his aura immediately skyrocketed.
“Zhou Feng, Zhou Yu, you two follow me to kill this brat who doesn’t know how high the sky is ……”
Zhou Tiancheng said to the two men who rushed towards him.
“As ordered!” The two nodded their heads.
The three men stepped forward to face Chen Ping directly, their auras skyrocketing one by one.
Chen Ping looked at the three men in front of him with disdain in his eyes, even those with this kind of strength dared to call their own bluff.
Seeing the disdain in Chen Ping’s eyes, Zhou Tiancheng felt that he had been disgraced, and between flashes of his body, he charged towards Chen Ping.
“Bonjour Fist ……”
Long Tiancheng instantly blasted out a fist, and the endless energy was like a cannonball as it blasted towards Chen Ping.
“Cold Ice Palm ……”
At this time, Zhou Feng also struck out, a thick layer of frost condensed on his palm, a cold aura was forced upon him, a cold aura also enveloped towards Chen Ping!
At the same time as Zhou Feng struck, Zhou Yu also raised his foot, a light glowing above his toes, like a sword, tearing the air beneath his feet.
The three men worked in tandem, attacking Chen Ping from different directions at the same time, and they arrived in front of Chen Ping almost at the same time.
Xiao Da, who was at the side, saw this and his face couldn’t help but change.
Seeing the attack of these three men, he knew that the strength of the Zhou family was indeed not to be underestimated!
But at this moment, Chen Ping was looking at the three with a cold smile, as if he was not prepared to dodge or fight back.
Just as Xiao Da was wondering how Chen Ping was not fighting back, he only saw a golden light appear on Chen Ping’s body!
The Unbreakable Golden Body activated, and layers of golden scales covered Chen Ping’s entire body.
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a golden-armored warrior, fearlessly looking at the Zhou Clan trio’s attack.
Boom boom boom …………
The three men’s blasts hit Chen Ping’s body with unmistakable accuracy, and the huge fluctuation of energy caused all the items in the hall to turn into powder.
And Chen Ping under the sandwich attack of these three people, without the slightest reaction, look as normal, and did not suffer a bit of damage!
“This …… how is this possible?”
Long Tiancheng looked at Chen Ping with a look of shock in his eyes.
And that Zhou Feng, Zhou Yu also looked at each other, the fear in their eyes was unmistakable!