At this moment, hearing Chen Ping’s voice, Luo Xi was like hearing heavenly music!
“Mr Chen save me ……,” Luo Xi shouted excitedly when she saw Chen Ping!
Chen Ping put away his devil drawing whip, took out his own Dragon Slashing Sword, and ruthlessly slashed down, wanting to smash the barrier in front of Luo Xi and cut out a passageway!
Rumble …………
Accompanied by a loud sound after, those transparent barriers were surprisingly still there, that fierce strike from Chen Ping just now had directly penetrated through the barrier and did not cause any damage to the barrier!
“Huh? Still a strange manoeuvre?”
Seeing this, Chen Ping was very curious, he did not understand how these demonic beasts still had this kind of tactic!
Seeing that it could not be broken by force, Chen Ping’s palm pulsed with flames and a Supreme Fire struck over!
Since it couldn’t be broken by force, it would be burned by fire!
It was a pity that the Supreme Flame surprisingly did not have the slightest sway over that barrier either!
Seeing that the barrier could not be broken, Chen Ping also began to become anxious as those demonic beasts were already close at hand!
Chen Ping had no choice, the Dragon Crystal in front of his chest began to flicker with light, followed by streaks of golden light shooting out in all directions!
A monstrous divine dragon power surged out and then headed towards those barriers!
Those barriers disappeared in an instant after coming into contact with the divine dragon’s power!
Not only did the barriers disappear, even those demonic beasts that were chasing after them, all of them had panic in their eyes as they slowly stopped in their tracks!
Seeing those demonic beasts stop in their tracks, Luo Xi then let out a long sigh of relief!
Chen Ping relied on the power of the Divine Dragon to suppress those demonic beasts, and then brought Luo Xi to slowly retreat backwards, pulling away the distance between those demonic beasts!
However, as soon as Chen Ping retreated, those demonic beasts would follow them!
When Chen Ping stopped, the beasts also stopped!
This was repeated many times, which made Chen Ping very puzzled!
“These demonic beasts are crazy, why are they always chasing us?”
Luo Xi complained with great dissatisfaction!
“It’s really strange, why are these demonic beasts chasing after us?”
“Did you provoke these demonic beasts?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief!
“No ah, I just picked up a stone and these demonic beasts are desperately chasing me ……”
Luo Xi said!
“Stone?” Chen Ping then realised that Luo Xi was still holding a round stone in her arms.
Chen Ping took the stone in Luo Xi’s arms and looked at the strange ripples on the stone, then a divine sense struck into it, and then he froze!
Because this was not a stone, it was clearly an egg!
After associating it with the fact that these demonic beasts were chasing Luo Xi like crazy, Chen Ping could conclude that this egg was definitely these demonic beasts’!
Which parent would not fight to the death if they saw their child being captured?
“What kind of stone is this? This is clearly an egg.”
Chen Ping said with a burst of speechlessness!
When Luo Xi heard this, she was embarrassed “I saw that there were patterns on this stone, it must be some kind of treasure, so I picked it up, I didn’t expect ……”
Chen Ping took the egg and looked at the leading demonic beast, then said “I’m really sorry, we are not robbing your beast egg, it’s just a misunderstanding, I’ll return the beast egg to you now.”
These demonic beasts had long since developed their spiritual intelligence, so of course they were able to understand Chen Ping’s words!
The main thing was that Chen Ping’s divine dragon power had made all these demonic beasts fearful!
If Chen Ping did not have the power of the divine dragon, these demonic beasts would not have listened to Chen Ping’s words and would have already wailed and attacked!
The demonic beast nodded, Chen Ping placed the beast egg on the ground, and then pulled Luo Xi backward continuously!
Seeing this, the demonic beast opened its mouth and took the beast dan in its mouth!
Afterwards, it looked at Chen Ping followed by Luo Xi, and suddenly spat out human words, “You guys entered here, do you want to find treasure? Come with me ……”
After the leader of the demonic beast finished speaking, he turned around and left, and the other demonic beasts also followed and left together!
And after Chen Ping followed Luo Xi and looked at each other, he immediately followed!