“To the Devil Swallowing Cave?”
Hearing Chen Ping’s purpose, Patriarch Jiang and the others all looked shocked!
One must know that the Devil Swallowing Cave was a taboo-like existence in this Heavenly Devil Mountain, and no one would be willing to go to that place!
If it wasn’t for the sake of saving Patriarch Jiang, Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian wouldn’t have led their people to dig for the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng near the Devil Swallowing Cave!
In the end, everyone was sucked into the Devil Swallowing Cave and only the two of them escaped with their lives!
As a result, they were even tricked!
“Mr Chen, at the risk of asking, what are you doing in the Devil Swallowing Cave? That place is weird!”
Patriarch Jiang asked!
“I just want to go to the Devil Swallowing Cave to explore and see if there are any hidden secrets within that Devil Swallowing Cave.”
“Because some people have entered the Devil Swallowing Cave, and when they came out, their realm had risen a lot, I think there must be secrets present in that Devil Swallowing Cave!”
Chen Ping said unapologetically!
That Qi Peijia was the reason why he went into the Devil Swallowing Cave, and that was why he went from being a casual cultivator who was bullied by others, to the strength he had today!
But Chen Ping did not yet know that Qi Peijia was now being bullied again!
“Mr Chen, no one knows what’s in that Devil Swallowing Cave, entering it rashly will definitely be dangerous, it’s better not to take the risk just for the sake of exploring it!”
Zheng Jian advised Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, I think senior brother is right, it’s better for you not to go, that Devil Swallowing Cave is very evil.”
Jiang Yulian also blocked Chen Ping!
“Thank you both for your kind words, but I’ve already decided, now that Patriarch Jiang’s life is safe, it’s time for me to depart.”
“However, I don’t know what direction that Devil Swallowing Cave is in, I still hope that Miss Jiang can tell me!”
Chen Ping asked Jiang Yulian!
Seeing this, Jiang Yulian could only tell Chen Ping the directions to the Devil Swallowing Cave!
Seeing that Chen Ping was determined to go, Patriarch Jiang did not dissuade him, but instead pulled out a bead about the size of an egg from his body!
“Mr Chen, this is our Soul Demon Sect’s largest Soul Fixing Bead, you take him with you, this Soul Fixing Bead will not only strengthen your soul, but it will also be able to make you unafraid of those Soul Hooking Technique attacks.”
Patriarch Jiang said and handed that Soul Fixing Bead to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was not polite and put the Soul Fixing Bead away, then followed Patriarch Jiang to say thank you!
Chen Ping then looked towards Ochre Yan who had already been successfully remodelled, he knew that he liked Jiang Yulian in this way, if Ochre Yan wanted to stay in the Soul Demon Sect, Chen Ping would not say anything!
Seeing Chen Ping looking over, Ochre Yan immediately said “Mr Chen, I will accompany you to the Devil Swallowing Cave, even if I have to leave you, I have to wait until you come out safely from the Devil Swallowing Cave!”
Chen Ping smiled and did not say anything!
Ochre Yan had followed him for such a long time, all the changes Chen Ping had seen in his eyes!
“Mr Chen, let me take you to the Devil Swallowing Cave, that place is very hidden, even though I told you the exact directions, I’m still afraid that you won’t be able to find it!”
Jiang Yulian saw that Ochre Yan was going to follow Chen Ping to the Devil Swallowing Cave, and surprisingly, she also took the initiative to follow!
In fact, from the moment she saw Ochre Yan’s naked reshape, Jiang Yulian’s heart thumped within her!
It was the first time she had seen a man’s naked body!
“Senior sister, that Devil Swallowing Cave is very dangerous ……”
Zheng Jian saw that Jiang Yulian was going to take Chen Ping to the Devil Swallowing Cave, so he anxiously discouraged her!
But at this time, Patriarch Jiang spoke up “Zheng Jian, you should also accompany along, after all, you have just escaped from the Devil Swallowing Cave, so you should be more familiar with the Devil Swallowing Cave than others.”
“As you wish …………”
Seeing that his master had given the word, Zheng Jian nodded and could only follow along!
After saying goodbye following Patriarch Jiang, Chen Ping and the others headed straight to the Devil Swallowing Cave!
In order not to cause the necessary trouble, Chen Ping once again re-disguised his appearance!
Along the way, Jiang Yulian always found opportunities to follow Ochre Yan and chat!
And Ochre Yan was also happy to follow Jiang Yulian and chat!
The two people who were in love with each other had already become very close even before they reached the Devil Swallowing Cave!
Only the closeness of the two people, looking at Zheng Jian’s eyes, was infuriating.