“It’s fine, it’s fine, he’s still a child!”
Chen Ping hurriedly patted the child’s head.
Chen Ping didn’t know that this child’s realm was far higher than his own. With a single move, the child was already at the Heavenly Realm, born with immortal bones!
This is how some people are born in Rome, while others struggle their whole lives and still can’t reach Rome!
Hu Mazi looked at the child with horns on his forehead, curiously stepping forward to touch the horns, and said with a smile, “So amusing, like a little chick…”
Chen Ping glared at Hu Mazi, who instantly shut his mouth, thankfully not saying the last word!
The girl, looking at the three of them, said with slight surprise, “You three are from the lower world, brought here by the Great Dao, aren’t you?”
Chen Ping nodded, “That’s right, how did you tell?”
“You’re still at the Immortal Transformation Realm, of course you were brought here from the lower world by the Great Dao. The children born in our Heavenly Realm all have immortal bones, they’re all immortals!”
Chen Ping was speechless, managing only an awkward smile.
“Don’t be upset, I’m not trying to put you down. Many cultivators brought here from the lower world by the Great Dao have become immortals, some even ascending to higher planes.”
“To be honest, you three are lucky to have been transported directly to our Beast Clan’s domain. If you’d been sent to another clan’s domain, you’d be in danger.”
“You might even have been locked up in prison. This place looks peaceful, but it’s far more dangerous than the lower world!”
The girl comforted Chen Ping.
Chen Ping smiled and then asked, “We’ve been travelling for nearly an hour and haven’t seen a single person, nor any cities. Are there really so few people in the Beast Clan’s domain?”
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, the woman suddenly covered her mouth and laughed, “This Beast Clan domain spans hundreds of thousands of miles, and this area of tens of thousands of miles belongs to our Rhinoceros City. How far can you get in an hour and expect to see people?”
“Hundreds of thousands of miles?” Chen Ping was stunned. A single domain was hundreds of thousands of miles, so how vast would three domains combined be?
Even if he flew until he died, he probably wouldn’t reach the boundary!
“With such a huge place, you probably can’t ever reach other areas in a lifetime, can you?”
Chen Ping asked in shock.
The girl continued to smile and said, “Why not? Rhinoceros City is over ten thousand miles from here, and didn’t I come here with my brother to play?”
“How long did it take you to get here?” Chen Ping asked curiously.
“Hmm… a few breaths, perhaps?”
The girl thought for a moment and said.
“A few breaths?” Chen Ping was astonished.
“We can all use spatial jumps, no need to fly everywhere. Don’t you know how?”
After speaking, the girl lightly drew a circle in the air with her palm, stepped into the ring, and instantly vanished, only to reappear moments later!
Seeing this, Chen Ping took a deep breath, utterly dumbfounded!
In the Human Realm, such mystical spatial jumps were the stuff of legends, but in the Heavenly Realm, they were something everyone could do!
And they could cross thousands of miles in a single step, while he had to fly for an hour!
“I still don’t know your names, you two siblings!”
Chen Ping wanted to get closer to the girl, hoping to learn something from her.
Making friends with these Heavenly Realm natives was definitely the right move!
“I’m Niu Li, and my brother is Niu Ben.”
After speaking, the girl looked at Chen Ping and said, “I don’t know your names yet!”
“I’m Chen Ping, this is Hu Mazi, and this is Xiu Rui.”
“Could you take us to Rhinoceros City? If we fly there ourselves, it’ll probably take ages!”
Chen Ping hoped the girl could take them there.
At such a vast distance, flying would exhaust them to death!