Everyone else was dumbfounded as well, not understanding what was going on!
Even if Chen Ping wasn’t burnt to death, he should have been burnt beyond recognition by now, his body bruised and battered!
But now, looking at Chen Ping, there was no scar at all, even his clothes were intact!
Where was there the slightest trace of burning ah!
“Hehe, how come the Supreme Flame is gone?”
Chen Ping reacted as an afterthought, seeing that the Supreme Flame around him was gone, he waved towards Liu Sh*tong and said, “Don’t stop, I’m almost burnt to death, keep burning!”
“Come on, come on, burn me …………”
Chen Ping looked like he owed a beating, provoking Liu Sh*tong!
“Hahahaha, Junior Brother is awesome!”
Qian Xiu couldn’t help but laugh as he looked at Chen Ping’s appearance!
Everyone else couldn’t stop laughing as well, all of them put their eyes on that Liu Sh*tong, they wanted to know what else this Liu Sh*tong could do!
“This son is actually not afraid of fire, no wonder he kept his mouth shut just now, could this be a genius who practises fire techniques?”
The referee elder could not help but be surprised when he saw that Chen Ping had been burned for half a day without being injured in the slightest!
Liu Sh*tong looked at Chen Ping’s provocative appearance, and a mouthful of blood spurted out in anger!
He really did not understand how he had not been able to injure Chen Ping in the slightest even after he had used the Top Secret Supreme Flame and also that Black Demon Lotus had been cast, how could he still not be able to injure Chen Ping in the slightest!
“Since you are not afraid of the Supreme Flame, then I will use the most primitive means to kill you!”
After saying that, Liu Sh*tong’s body leapt up, and his entire body was like a sharp sword, heading straight towards Chen Ping!
Since Chen Ping was not afraid of the Supreme Flame, he would not use the Supreme Flame, Liu Sh*tong was going to use the purest physical strength to deal with Chen Ping!
He didn’t believe that Chen Ping’s body was able to resist his mountainous force!
It was important to know that the higher the realm, the strength of the physical body would also increase, otherwise there was no way to withstand the cultivation of such a high realm!
Liu Sh*tong, who was at the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, would definitely have a stronger physical body strength than Chen Ping, who was at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm!
Chen Ping’s strength could be compensated for using various techniques, but the strength of his physical body, this was something that could not be compensated for using techniques!
“You want to fight me in close quarters?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, “Since you don’t use the Supreme Flame anymore, there is no need to be keeping you standing!”
Chen Ping had made Liu Sh*tong stand on the stage all the time in order to absorb the mauve-coloured Supreme Flame!
Now that Liu Sh*tong was not using the Supreme Flame, there was no need to let him fool around anymore!
For Chen Ping to defeat Liu Sh*tong, it was merely a matter of raising his hand!
Facing the rapidly approaching Liu Sh*tong, Chen Ping stood motionless until that Liu Sh*tong arrived in front of his eyes, and only then did he violently slam his fist out!
Chen Ping’s fist was wrapped in golden light and ruthlessly followed Liu Sh*tong’s fist to collide!
Boom!
A terrifying wave of air rushed in all directions, it was good that there was a formation to block it, otherwise everyone around would have to follow the bad luck!
And after this punch, Liu Sh*tong’s body was like a leaf, flying directly backwards, while his entire arm hung down powerlessly!
Liu Sh*tong’s body fell heavily to the ground, and a large mouthful of blood sprayed out from his mouth!
The crowd stayed on the spot, somewhat in disbelief!
In the beginning, this Liu Sh*tong was stepped on by Chen Ping, saying that Chen Ping had used illusions and was speculative!
Later, when Liu Sh*tong used the Top Secret Supreme Fire, he still did not injure Chen Ping, believing that Chen Ping’s body did not fear the Supreme Fire!
But now, using the most primal power of the physical body, Liu Sh*tong was still smashed away by Chen Ping’s fist!
This time, what excuse could be made?
Crushing over and over again could only mean one thing, and that was that Chen Ping’s strength was far above that of Liu Sh*tong!
Although Chen Ping looked like he was only at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, his true strength was terrifying!
Chen Ping walked to Liu Sh*tong and picked him up!
It was like picking up a chicken cub!
Liu Sh*tong looked at Chen Ping in horror as his body trembled!