Shortly after the Ichthus Demon Emperor left, a guard from the King’s City inside the Great Hall came rushing in!
“King Li, Patriarch Hu of the Jade Tripod Sect requests an audience.”
The guard said.
“Hu Yixiao? This guy just left not long ago, why is he running over here in the middle of the night?”
King Li was filled with confusion!
Although puzzled, but the Jade Tripod Sect had just made an alliance with their Ming Li King City, and since Hu Yixiao had refined many pills for them, King Li couldn’t be too lenient!
“Go and invite Sovereign Hu in ……”
King Li commanded!
Soon, Hu Yixiao was invited into the main hall, and when King Li saw Hu Yixiao’s wretched appearance, he immediately looked surprised and said “Patriarch Hu, what happened to you? Why have you become like this?”
Hu Yixiao’s body was in tatters, which was caused by the fight, but at that time, he was only concerned about leaving quickly, how could Hu Yixiao have time to change his clothes!
“King Li, please also ask King Li to help me ……”
Hu Yixiao said with a miserable face.
“Sovereign Hu take it easy, speak slowly ……” King Li hurriedly told Hu Yixiao to sit down and speak slowly!
Hu Yixiao sat down and took a sip of water and caught his breath a little before he told King Li about the changes in the Jade Tripod Sect now!
When King Li heard that the second elder had held back for many years and had actually colluded with the demon cultivators and seized the Jade Tripod Sect, he also felt very surprised!
“Patriarch Hu, although it’s wrong for that Second Elder to seize your position as Patriarch, after all, this is an internal fight within your Jade Tripod Sect, so it’s not good for me to interfere, right?”
King Li said after a moment of contemplation!
King Li said this so that Hu Yixiao could bleed profusely and take out some more benefits!
“King Li, although our Jade Tripod Sect followed your Ming Li King City to reach a cooperation, but that was only signed between me and you.”
“Now that the Second Elder has become the Patriarch, do you think he will still recognise it? If the Second Elder uses the Jade Tripod Sect to follow the devil cultivators’ cooperation and abandon your Ming Li King City, I think King Li will have to worry about it in the future!”
“Once the devil cultivators grow up, your room for survival will be compressed and your resources will be snatched by the devil cultivators.”
“But if King Li can help me take back the Jade Tripod Sect, then in the future, my Jade Tripod Sect will definitely only serve your Ming Li King City, and all the high grade pills will be given to you without reservation!”
Hu Yixiao also understood that among the society of the Celestial Realm, there were only benefits and no friends, and if there were no benefits, no one would help you!
That was why he had promised King Li so that he could help him take back the Jade Tripod Sect!
After hearing Hu Yixiao’s words, King Li frowned slightly and pondered for a moment, “Alright, I can help you take back the Jade Tripod Sect, it’s not a difficult task, but you still need to wait for a few days, for a few days, Master Hu will stay with me first, you will be absolutely safe here.”
“Why does King Li have to wait? We should have taken advantage of that Second Elder’s unstable foundation and just struck, this is the best time to do so.”
Hu Yixiao didn’t understand why King Li had to wait!
“To be honest, my dog son is going to hold a wedding in the next few days, so he needs to wait for a few days before he can do so.”
King Li said truthfully!
He couldn’t go out and help Hu Yixiao to retake the Jade Tripod Sect when his own son was holding his wedding, could he?
When Hu Yixiao heard this, he instantly understood and hurriedly said, “I really congratulate King Li, since that’s the case, let’s wait for a few days, when we retake the Jade Tripod Sect, I will definitely send an extremely precious congratulatory gift.”
“At that time, I will also personally refine a blessing pill and give it to King Li’s son, by then, as long as he eats this blessing pill, he will definitely be able to give birth to a big fat boy.”
As soon as King Li heard this, he became excited and said with a happy face “Hahahaha, then I will thank Patriarch Hu in advance, don’t worry, I will take care of the matter of retaking the Jade Tripod Sect, I will send some random men and I will definitely be able to help you retake the Jade Tripod Sect!”
Upon hearing this, Hu Yixiao nodded in satisfaction, and a smile finally appeared on his face.