“Captain, this Chen Ping looks like he’s going to be defeated, swinging his fist with such high intensity will consume a lot of Qi energy.”
A team member stepped forward and whispered in Xing Jun’s ear, “This Zang Qing is too powerful, how come some rotten rocks become indestructible when it comes to him?”
Xing Jun frowned slightly, gazing at everything at the top of the mountain, and said to the team member, “Don’t say anything, watch well ……”
And at this time, Chen Ping looked at the arrogant Zang Qing, clenched his teeth in death and was silent.
The power of the divine dragon was all around, as if a golden dragon was circling the waste.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping stepped out and his fist smashed into Zang Qing’s body like a cannonball.
Boom boom boom ……
A dozen punches in a row, Chen Ping didn’t stop in the slightest, the power of the divine dragon within the dragon crystal was being swung out by Chen Ping continuously!
But even so, Zang Qing was still unharmed, but it was Chen Ping himself who was recoiled and blood spilled from the corner of his mouth!
“Still have the strength?”
Zang Qing looked down at Chen Ping, his eyes full of disdain and humiliation.
Chen Ping gasped for air, even with the Dragon Crystal and the Golden Elixir, such a tremendous exertion still caused the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body to nearly dry up!
Chen Ping gathered his spiritual energy again, and the golden light on his fist began to flicker and swell, just like the dazzling sun in the sky.
But just as Chen Ping was about to swing his fist out again, he was called out by Xing Jun.
“Chen Ping stop ……”
With a single bound, Xing Jun’s body stretched a hundred metres up the mountain, and he just rushed straight up to the top!
Seeing Xing Jun rush up, the corners of Zang Qing’s mouth lifted, “What, do you want two of you to deal with me together?”
At this moment, Zang Qing was arrogant to the extreme, after all, the current Chen Ping was on the verge of collapse and was not enough to worry about.
Xing Jun didn’t pay any attention to Zang Qing, instead he looked at Chen Ping and said, “You shouldn’t be fighting, even if you use as much power as you can, it’s useless.”
“Because you are not hitting him, you are following this whole mountain against ……”
After what Xing Jun had just observed, he found that every time Chen Ping swung his fist at Zang Qing, Zang Qing was fine, but instead the whole mountain started to tremble slightly.
Every punch was like this, which made Xing Jun suspicious.
“Following the whole mountain against it?” Chen Ping frowned, slightly puzzled!
“This fellow must have used some kind of magic technique to connect his body to the entire mountain, so the power you hit on these rocks was all transferred to this big mountain.”
“Every time you swung your fist, the whole mountain trembled along with it, and that huge recoil came from this big mountain.”
Xing Jun followed Chen Ping as he explained.
At this, Chen Ping suddenly understood.
On the other hand, that Zang Qing’s brow furrowed, he did not expect Xing Jun to be able to see his spell!
After knowing this Zang Qing’s secret, Chen Ping slowly looked towards him, and the divine dragon power that originally surrounded his fist dissipated!
“Since you are relying on this great mountain, then I will let you leave here and see what else you are relying on ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, his body sprang up and then grabbed Zang Qing’s waist with both hands!
With an explosive cry, Chen Ping was actually directly lifted up by the Tibetan Green, who had turned into more than ten meters tall, with a hard lift.
With a strong toss, the huge body of Zang Qing drew a parabolic line in the air and fell down from the top of the mountain!
When he saw this, he tried to rush back to the top of the mountain.
But the tons of stone armour around his body made his movements sluggish!
Rumble …………
Tibetan Qing’s body smashed into the bottom of the mountain, instantly creating a crater tens of metres in diameter, as if a meteorite had fallen.
With great difficulty, Zang Qing got his clumsy body to his feet.
But just as he stood up, he saw a black shadow also falling from the top of the mountain!
Immediately afterwards, Tibetan Qing’s body suffered a heavy blow!