The others looked at Chen Ping in shock and all drew in a breath of cold air!
They had to know that although they were strong, they had all climbed up with a strong breath of air, but Chen Ping had come up with one easy leap.
If they had Chen Ping’s strength, they wouldn’t have been trapped inside the crater and embarra*sed to let Kuroki Kawasaki cut out the pa*sage with his sword!
Chen Ping looked at the small wooden hut inside the crater, and his body floated down, landing steadily in front of the hut!
As soon as Chen Ping landed, the door of the hut opened automatically and Kuroki Kawasaki slowly walked out!
When he saw Chen Ping, Kuroki Kawasaki just froze, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to be so young.
Chen Ping was also stunned, he didn’t expect Kuroki Kawasaki to retain his middle-aged appearance, he had always thought that Kuroki Kawasaki was an old man with a white beard!
Both men were only slightly dazed, but they quickly recovered!
“You are Chen Ping?”
Kuroki Kawasaki asked.
“You are Kuroki Kawasaki?”
Chen Ping also spoke up and asked.
Seeing Chen Ping call him by his name, Kuroki Kawasaki was not angry, knowing that no one dared to call him by his name in the island country, not even the island’s Earth Emperor!
“Good, I am Kuroki Kawasaki ……”
Kuroki Kawasaki nodded his head.
“I am Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping nodded back!
The two did not open their mouths and looked at each other!
But at this time, a huge divine sense went out from both of them, enveloping towards each other!
They are both probing each other’s bottom line!
The crowd on the crater, seeing Kuroki Kawasaki and Chen Ping not moving, were all confused as to what these two were doing!
After about a few minutes, Kuroki Kawasaki withdrew his divine sense and slowly spoke, “I didn’t expect you to really be so young, although you are physically different from normal people, it is impossible for you to be able to reach this level at such an age!”
After about a few minutes, Kuroki Kawasaki withdrew his divine sense and slowly spoke, “I didn’t expect you to really be so young, although you are of a different physique than normal people, it’s impossible for you to be able to reach this kind of realm at such an age!”
“Strange, really strange …………”
Chen Ping also withdrew his divine sense: “No wonder you don’t dare to step out of here to fight me, leaving here, not only will your strength drop, but even your current appearance will rapidly age!”
“To put it bluntly, this place is just your cage, if I don’t agree to come here to fight you, there is not the slightest thing you can do about it.”
“You are just a tiger in a cage and the world doesn’t know it, it still thinks of you as the number one on the island!”
The test they just had did give them both some insight into each other!
“You’re right, I am indeed just a caged tiger, but now that you’ve come here, then you’ll have to resign yourself to fate ……”
With that, Kuroki Kawasaki flicked his hand and the hut instantly exploded!
Immediately in the middle of the hut, a jet of lava shot out, with a katana in it!
Kuroki Kawasaki caught the katana directly in his hand!
“Show your weapon ……”
Kuroki Kawasaki said.
“Heart and sword are united, when it’s time to use my weapon, I will naturally use it.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Oh? You’re planning to fight me with your empty hands?”
Kuroki Kawasaki’s gaze faintly stared, then plunged the katana in his hand back into the lava, “Then I will accompany you in an empty-handed fight ……”
“I advise you to use your katana, or I’m afraid you’ll never have the chance to use it!”
Chen Ping said calmly.
“Hmph, arrogant little boy, if you have cultivated to this level at your age, your future will surely be unlimited, it’s just a pity that you are too arrogant and your mind is unstable, so you will have to pay the price for your arrogance ……”
Kuroki Kawasaki snorted coldly, his gaze flashed coldly, and he directly slapped his palm at Chen Ping!
Kuroki Kawasaki had made his move!