“Mr Chen is mighty ……”
Ji Yun shouted happily when he saw that Chen Ping had won!
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and the others were also excited, they were just worried about Chen Ping, but now they didn’t have to worry anymore!
“Mr Chen is awesome, Mr Chen 666 ……”
Shen Ji Zi couldn’t mention how excited he was, waving the flag and shouting, he was going to win a lot of money this time!
Just as Shen Ji Zi was shouting, that Chief Liu coldly glanced at him, directly startling Shen Ji Zi and shutting his mouth!
Pavilion Master Qian flicked his hand towards a corner of the ring, and the formations around the ring instantly disappeared!
Right at the moment the formation disappeared, Chief Liu leapt forward and attacked towards Chen Ping!
The Mu Family’s crowd and that Tan Rongkun also followed onto the ring!
Seeing this, the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace hurriedly brought the many Holy Maidens of the Guanghan Palace to swarm up as well!
The reason why she brought so many people here was to prevent the Mu Family from jumping over the wall and bullying the few with the many!
Chen Ping faced General Manager Liu who was attacking him, his fists clenched up tightly as he violently slammed his fist out!
Ten thousand golden lights blossomed from Chen Ping’s fist, and the terrifying force caused the many surrounding cultivators to all fly backwards!
Without the barrier of the formation, the power of Chen Ping’s punch could be more truly felt by the crowd!
Chief Steward Liu also frowned as he swung his palms in front of his chest, blocking Chen Ping’s punch!
“Chief Steward Liu, it was said before the match that a life and death fight is at the mercy of Heaven, how can you look for backlash?”
Pavilion Master Qian also walked on top of the ring and asked Chief Steward Liu with a slight frown on his brow!
“Having killed our family’s son, this Chen Ping must die, otherwise how am I going to explain after the family head!”
Chief Steward Liu said with a murderous aura in his eyes!
Now this Mu Qing was the only son of the Mu Family, and now that he had been killed by Chen Ping, Chief Steward Liu didn’t know how he was going to explain himself to the Mu Family’s head of the family!
If Chen Ping was not left behind, when the Mu Family Head came out of the gate, Chief Steward Liu would definitely be punished!
“Chief Steward Liu, if you want to bully the few with the many, I, Guang Han Palace, am not afraid of you, do you think that all of these Holy Maidens of our Guang Han Palace are vegetarians?”
The Palace Master of Guang Han Palace, an ice sword in her hand, also said with a murderous aura!
“Hmph, your Guang Han Palace is nothing, if you dare to block, I’ll destroy even your Guang Han Palace together!”
Chief Liu didn’t put Guanghan Palace in his eyes in the slightest!
“Fine, let’s give it a try then!”
After the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master finished speaking, the Holy Maidens under his command all lit up their weapons, and their bodies even erupted with an icy cold aura!
“Gentlemen, don’t be impulsive, if you fight, the entire South End City will suffer with you.”
“Not to mention that the last time you guys arm wrestled, even Lord Domain Master appeared and warned you, if you guys are in a large scale arm wrestle this time and annoy Lord Domain Master, the consequences will be known to you.”
“At that time, the Guanghan Palace and the Mu Family, I’m afraid that there won’t be a single survivor left, and if Lord Domain Master wants to exterminate both of your families, it won’t be a matter of waving his hand!”
Pavilion Master Qian knew that he was a man of few words, so he moved the Domain Lord out!
The matter of the Domain Lord’s appearance might not be known to others, but as the Pavilion Master of the Wan Tong Pavilion Sub-Pavilion, Pavilion Master Qian was still very clear about it!
Sure enough, as soon as Pavilion Master Qian’s words fell, both the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace and that Chief Liu all looked towards him!
The murderous auras on both of them also tightened up a lot!
After all, no one dared to upset the Domain Master, that was not just looking for death, that was to be exterminated!
After a moment of hesitation, Chief Steward Liu collected his aura and gave Chen Ping a cold look and said, “Kid, you seek your own happiness, when our Family Lord emerges from the gate, he will definitely let you die a horrible death!”
After saying that, Chief Liu left with Mu Qing’s corpse!
He didn’t dare to annoy the Domain Lord, if he really annoyed the Domain Lord, the Mu Family would be completely finished!
That wasn’t something that could be finished with just one dead Mu Qing!
Chief Steward Liu left, not paying any attention to Tan Rongkun.