Chen Ping smiled, “Don’t worry Uncle Sun, I won’t do anything stupid again!”
Sun Fuhai smiled and patted Chen Ping’s shoulder, “If you have this kind of heart, uncle is happy!”
Leaving Sun Fuhai’s house, Chen Baoguo sighed slightly, “Chen Ping, your Uncle Sun is a good person, if you find a job tomorrow, work harder for yourself and don’t let people look down on you anymore!”
It was obvious that Chen Baoguo was angry with Sun Fuhai’s wife and daughter, but there was nothing he could do about it, he was incapable and had to ask for help!
“Mm, I know ……” Chen Ping nodded his head!
“What about that child Han Han? In a situation like this today, I wouldn’t dare to ask for it ……”
Tang Hongying said somewhat depressed!
Originally said to help Wang Han Han find a job together, now to Wang Han Han mention not even mention!
Chen Baoguo listened, lit a cigarette and scowled, he also did not know how to follow Wang Changfeng said!
“Mom, Dad, you guys leave it alone, Han Han’s job I think of a way, if I can get into the company, I can in bring her in ……”
Chen Ping saw this and comforted his parents!
“That’s all that can be done!” Chen Baoguo nodded his head!
He stopped a taxi and then rushed towards home, while Chen Ping sat in the car and sent a message to Lin Tianhu, telling him about Sun Fuhai and asking Lin Tianhu to go to Fuyao Decoration to get the money back!
After the explanation, Chen Ping put away his phone and rested with his eyes slightly closed!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others returned to the entrance of the district, at this moment, Wang Han Han was ferrying her steps back and forth at the entrance, as if she had some urgent business.
“Han Han, what are you doing here?”
Seeing Wang Han Han at the door, Chen Ping asked strangely.
“Brother Chen Ping, I …………”
Wang Han Han was just about to say something when she saw that Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying had also gotten out of the car, so she shut her mouth!
Chen Baoguo saw Wang Han Han at the door and thought he was waiting for them, asking about work, so his old face flushed and he said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, you follow Han Han and talk, I’ll go home with your mother first ……”
Chen Baoguo didn’t know how to explain after Wang Han Han, after all, he, as an elder, had said yesterday that he swore to do it, but today nothing was done!
When Chen Baoguo and Tang Hongying left, Chen Ping turned to Wang Hanhan and asked, “Hanhan, is something wrong?”
“Brother Chen Ping, I …… am afraid, those loan sharks are coming for me, I am afraid that my mother will know ……”
With tears in her eyes, Wang Han Han said anxiously to Chen Ping!
“Han Han don’t be afraid, I’m here, when they come, I’ll help you deal with it ……”
Chen Ping gently patted Wang Han Han and said comfortingly!
“Brother Chen Ping, you …… don’t want to fight, I don’t want you to get caught in for me!”
Wang Han Han can only rely on Chen Ping now, but she doesn’t want Chen Ping to fight for her sake either!
“Don’t worry, I won’t fight!” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Just as Chen Ping was talking after Wang Han Han, suddenly an off-road vehicle stopped in front of them and four big, strong men stepped out of the vehicle, one of them with a big gold chain and an inch haircut, with a fierce face!
When Wang Han Han saw these men, she was so scared that she immediately hid behind Chen Ping!
“Little girl, how is the money ready? If you don’t pay back the money today, I’ll have to move your family’s things away ……”
The guy with the gold chains asked at Wang Han Han.
“I …… don’t have any money, can you give me a few days’ grace?”
Wang Han Han asked timidly.
“No, not even for a day, if you don’t have anything of value at home, then you should come with me, seeing that you are quite watery looking, you can still be worth a lot of money ……”
The guy with the gold chains finished speaking and grabbed directly towards Wang Han Han, not paying any attention to Chen Ping’s presence!