Xuan Yin Sect!
Chen Ping and the rest of them with VIP tokens had just entered the Divine Demon Battlefield not long after, when they were approached at the entrance of the Xuan Yin Sect!
The person who came was none other than Zuo Xuan, the young prince of the Demon Sealing Alliance, along with Elder Chu and two helmsmen!
That Soulless Hall’s Elder Fei also followed behind Zuo Xuan!
Zuo Xuan relied on his status as the young prince of the Demon Sealing Alliance, so for these demonic cultivators, he didn’t look down on them at all!
Their Demon Sealing Alliance has bred many demonic cultivators, and those who are obedient are bred, and those who are disobedient are killed!
So for so many years, Zuo Xuan has developed the habit of looking down on devil cultivators!
After Zuo Xuan learnt that someone was actually able to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield in advance, he immediately brought people to find him!
Seeing that troublemakers had come to the door, Patriarch Kong led his people out, and among them, there were also quite a few other Demon Sect Sect Masters!
Patriarch Kong didn’t recognise Zuo Xuan, so after sizing him up, he asked, “Who are you? Making a fuss at my door?”
Seeing that Patriarch Kong unexpectedly didn’t recognise him, Zuo Xuan immediately said condescendingly, “I’m the young prince of the Demon Sealing Alliance, my name is Zuo Xuan, why did someone enter the Divine Demon Battlefield early? Do I have to enter early too?”
Zuo Xuan’s tone was like giving orders!
As for the many demonic cultivators, once they heard that Zuo Xuan was from the Demon Sealing Alliance, they all frowned, after all, the Demon Sealing Alliance’s reputation was too big and its power was almost all over the entire Celestial Realm!
Patriarch Kong also frowned, and then said, “Prince Zuo, those who entered early are from clans near our Heavenly Demon Mountain, and foreign cultivators, regardless of race, must wait until three days later.”
“I don’t care, I want to go in now, if you don’t let me go in, then I will notify my father and have the various rudiments of the surrounding Demon Sealing Alliance come to exterminate you ……”
Although Zuo Xuan only had a fifth grade cultivation in the Transition Realm, but relying on his status, he loudly said to Patriarch Kong!
Zuo Xuan’s words were like stirring up a hornet’s nest, and the many Demon Sect Sect Masters were all instantly covered in murderous aura!
Elder Chu saw the situation, hurriedly pulled Zuo Xuan a hand: “Gongzi, do not talk nonsense …….”
“Uncle Chu, afraid of what ah, but a bunch of devil cultivators only.”
Zuo Xuan surprisingly did not realise the danger at this moment!
But just as Zuo Xuan’s words fell, the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man directly stepped out and said, “Malle Gobi, your Demon Sealing Alliance is bullish, this is the Heavenly Demon Mountain, there is no rudder of your Demon Sealing Alliance here.”
“Believe it or not I’ll kill you here, your old man can’t even find me? Don’t think that I don’t know about your Demon Sealing Alliance’s little trickery. ”
“You use the excuse of wiping out our demon race, then you go on a rampage to hunt down and kill us demon cultivators, and then you lock us up and use us for you.”
“That guy behind you should be from the Soulless Hall, right? It looks like the Soulless Hall has now become your Demon Sealing Alliance’s dog.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Elder knew the secrets of the Demon Sealing Alliance from Chen Ping’s mouth when he was in Mo Hai, and he also knew that the Demon Sealing Alliance had a history of following Chen Ping, which was why he stood out and cursed at Zuo Xuan!
“The Demon Sealing Alliance doesn’t treat us devil cultivators as human beings, raising us as pets, keeping us if we listen, killing us if we don’t, most inhuman.”
“When we were in the Northern Region’s Ink Sea, my senior sister and I were almost killed by the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Jin Dong also stepped forward and said!
In Mo Hai, Jin Dong and Luo Xi, also almost died in the hands of the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping’s timely appearance, the two of them wouldn’t have been able to escape at all!
“Damn, my daughter almost died in the hands of your Demon Sealing Alliance, you guys don’t want to leave today.”
As soon as Luo Shouhai heard that Luo Xi was almost killed by the Demon Sealing Alliance, he immediately became anxious and took up a stance!
Those other devil cultivators of the devil sect were also all filled with righteous indignation and surrounded Zuo Xuan and the few of them surprisingly!
This time, Zuo Xuan was a bit stupid, looking at the surrounding magic cultivators whose eyes were all angry, Zuo Xuan was about to pee in his trousers!
Seeing this, Elder Fei of the Soulless Hall hurriedly retreated backwards, following Zuo Xuan to pull away!