“Well, since you don’t think it’s fair, I won’t have to ……”
Chen Ping finished, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand instantly disappeared!
Toyotomi Hideyoshi looked at Chen Ping and was a little dumbfounded himself, he had just been trying it out, after all, who would talk about what was fair or unfair in a life and death battle!
But he didn’t expect that Chen Ping would really put away the Dragon Cutting Sword!
There was only one explanation for Chen Ping doing so, and that was that he didn’t think of Toyotomi Hideyoshi at all.
“Remember, without the sword, you are still trash in my eyes ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his right hand flashed up in golden light, and his right foot viciously stepped on the ground!
The ground was instantly trodden out into a crater, while Chen Ping’s body fought to glare, and then like a bow and arrow off the string, he went towards that Toyotomi Hideyoshi!
Chen Ping’s speed was extremely fast and resounded with a sound of breaking air, reaching Toyotomi Hideyoshi in a short distance almost in an instant.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping punched Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s chest with a fierce punch!
Toyotomi Hideyoshi didn’t even have time to react before he was hit hard, and the black scales on his body instantly flew everywhere!
His huge body flew backwards in a flash!
Rumble …………
Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s body hit the ground hard, smashing the ground into a crater of nearly ten metres, burying Toyotomi Hideyoshi in broken rocks!
Everyone looked on in disbelief, the scene was dead silent, the knot in Koichi Ono’s throat rolled as he couldn’t help but look down the mountain as if looking for a way to escape!
Soon there was movement in the nearly ten metre pit, from which Toyotomi Hideyoshi emerged in fear, a large hole appearing in his chest, though it did not kill him!
“Boy, you …… can’t believe you know the Holy Light Fist, which was a great skill of the Demon Lord thousands of years ago.”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi looked at Chen Ping with a puzzled face, while that wound on his chest was healing at a speed visible to the naked eye!
“It seems that you still know quite a lot about our Daxia, to know whose stance this is ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Kid, no matter whose stance you have learned, it is impossible to kill me, as I said, I am the master here, an existence that cannot be killed ……”
Glancing at his long healed wound, Toyotomi Hideyoshi said coldly.
But looking at Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s healed wound, Chen Ping wasn’t the least bit surprised!
“It’s not that you can’t die, but I don’t want to kill you, because I want to devour all your strength ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Hmph, you don’t think so, I ……”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi wanted to say something, but before he could finish his words, he only felt a cold flash before his eyes!
Without knowing when, Chen Ping had actually arrived in front of him!
Seeing this, Toyotomi Hideyoshi lashed out and grabbed Chen Ping’s shoulder directly, while Chen Ping had grabbed Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s shoulder at this moment!
“Then let’s see whose devouring power is powerful ……”
As Toyotomi Hideyoshi finished speaking, a vortex formed within his body, and with a huge suction, he began to suck the spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s body outwards!
Chen Ping smiled faintly, his Heart Condensation Skill activated, and a suction force like a flood instantly sucked the strength within Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s body, into Chen Ping’s body in a ma*sive amount!
Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s face turned pale and he instinctively tried to let go of his hand, but he found that Chen Ping’s body seemed to be full of suction, and there was no way for him to move his hand.
He could not move his hand at all. He knew that Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique was a superior technique, which could be compared to that of Toyotomi Hideyoshi.
Toyotomi Hideyoshi struggled, but he couldn’t break free at all, and the crowd looked on in confusion!
Soon, Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s huge body slowly began to dry up and the breath in his body became weak, until finally it was completely lifeless!