“Who is it, who sneaked up on me?”
Feng Sihai fiercely pulled out his toothpick and roared loudly and angrily!
But deep in Feng Sihai’s eyes, there was a hint of fear, he was covered in hard qigong, although he could not be invulnerable to swords and spears, but ordinary people might not be able to break his hard qigong even if they were holding sharp weapons!
But now a small toothpick pierced directly into his arm, which made Feng Sihai a little surprised, he didn’t expect there were still experts hiding among these people!
The crowd looked at each other, no one knew who had made the move!
Only Lin Tianhu looked at Chen Ping in surprise, his eyes full of admiration!
“It’s me …………”
Chen Ping took a step forward!
“You?” Feng Sihai looked at Chen Ping and frowned slightly!
Chen Ping was only in his early twenties, a youngster, how could he possibly have such strength?
“Chen Ping, you …… don’t try to be a hero, it’s not him ……”
Su Yuqi was alarmed and hurriedly tried to pull Chen Ping back!
“Miss Su, Mr. Chen will be fine, you don’t need to panic!”
Lin Tianhu stopped Su Yuqi!
“Kid, bravado comes at the cost of life, you want to stand up for Lin Tianhu?”
Feng Sihai asked in a cold voice.
“Cut the crap, if you want to do it, hurry up, I’m busy!”
Chen Ping said expressionlessly.
At this moment, a faint layer of mist had actually started to form around Chen Ping’s body, if you didn’t look closely, you wouldn’t even be able to notice it!
This was the surrounding aura gathering, and then forming a hard protection around Chen Ping’s body!
Apart from Su Yuqi who was desperately shouting for Chen Ping to come back, no one was trying to dissuade Chen Ping!
These people all wanted to see if Chen Ping was really capable of making even Gu Mantian respect him so much!
“Seek death!”
Feng Sihai’s eyes flashed with a cold aura as his entire body instantly charged towards Chen Ping!
Feng Sihai was as fast as a bolt of lightning and instantly arrived in front of Chen Ping, before swinging his fist as big as a sandbag towards Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Ping looked at Feng Sihai calmly, facing that swift fist, Chen Ping acted as if he didn’t hear it!
“Ah ……” Su Yuqi saw this and shrieked, “No!”
But Feng Sihai didn’t stop at all, his fist hit Chen Ping’s chest hard!
Boom …………
This punch had the force of hundreds of pounds, even a horse would have to die under this punch!
But a strange scene was discovered, Chen Ping’s body, which was only a hundred pounds or so, did not move under this punch, but Feng Sihai’s arm bent up strangely!
The tremendous recoil force caused Feng Sihai’s arm to break off directly, and the ghastly white bones directly penetrated through the skin to be exposed outside!
“Ah …………”
Feng Sihai wailed in pain, looking at his broken arm, his face full of disbelief!
“You …… you know hard qigong too?”
Feng Sihai asked with a face full of distortion.
“Know a little, just skin deep!”
Chen Ping sneered!
But no one would believe Chen Ping’s words, a hard qigong that even Feng Sihai couldn’t break, how could it be skin deep!
Su Yuqi’s mouth opened wide, seeing that Chen Ping was alright, her eyes were full of surprise, the Chen Ping in her eyes at this moment was much taller again, and the love in her heart had increased a few more points!
“Who did you study under? Why do you also know my master Ye Fengchun’s unique hard qigong?”
Feng Sihai was a little puzzled as to who Chen Ping had learnt his hard qigong from!
“I have no discipline or school, and this is not hard qigong for me, the so-called hard qigong is just a trick to deceive people!”
Chen Ping smiled lightly and smashed his fist into Feng Sihai’s chest!
Feng Sihai directly spurted out a mouthful of blood and flew backwards!
Not to mention Feng Sihai’s fist, even a bullet could not penetrate the shield around Chen Ping’s body!