“Are you here to see if I’m dead?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at that Martial Alliance Elder.
The Martial Dao Alliance Elder’s face turned a little ugly, but he still nodded his head.
In front of Chen Ping, he did not dare to hold back the slightest bit.
Chen Ping had just killed Ning Hai, and to kill him would only be a matter of a slap.
The Chen Ping of this moment was no longer the Chen Ping of a few months ago.
A few months ago, when Chen Ping had followed Long Xiao in the competition, their Elders of the Martial Dao Alliance had still completely despised Chen Ping, but now, when facing Chen Ping, they had to carefully bow their heads.
This was strength, in front of strength, you had to bow your head!
“Go back and tell Zhu Zhishan that I, Chen Ping, am alive and well, tell him to get ready, I will personally make a trip to the Martial Dao Alliance’s ……”
Chen Ping looked at the panicked look of the Martial Dao Alliance elders and said with a cold smile.
After saying that, Chen Ping turned around and walked away, not making a move on that Martial Dao Alliance elder, Chen Ping still needed him to go back and report to Zhu Zhishan!
Looking at Chen Ping’s distant back, that Martial Dao Alliance’s elder then let out a long breath.
“Hoo …………”
“This son is too terrifying, too terrifying ……”
The Martial Dao Alliance’s elder wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, and also hurriedly turned around to leave.
…………
The Dong Family in Kyoto!
At this moment, the Dong Family was no longer as prosperous as it used to be.
The Ning Family and the Dong Family were rivals, and after Ning Hai had left the gate, those families that were originally attached to the Dong Family all broke away from the Dong Family.
Dong Liqun sat in the hall, looking at the somewhat desolate Dong Family with an indescribably despondent expression.
“Dad, Ning Hai is dead, killed by the Chen Ping brothers ……”
At this time, Dong Jiahao walked into the hall and said to Dong Liqun.
When Dong Liqun heard this, his expression shook slightly.
He could not be clearer about Ning Hai’s strength, even if he and Ning Hai fought against each other, it would be hard to predict the winner, but that Ning Hai had a better chance of winning.
Now it seemed that even Ning Hai had been killed by Chen Ping, so he himself would be even less of a match for Chen Ping.
Dong Liqun now regretted that he had been so greedy with his interests that he had tried to kill Chen Ping just to get the treasures on him.
This was afraid that it was the most regrettable thing he had ever done in his life.
He knew that if it wasn’t for Dong Jiahao, the next person Chen Ping would have killed at his door would have been their Dong family.
Although the last time Chen Ping had killed on the Ning family, he had followed their Dong family for a short time.
But Dong Liqun still regretted it, if he hadn’t been greedy, with Chen Ping and Dong Jiahao’s relationship, their Dong family would have been able to get Chen Ping’s help!
The current Chen Ping was no longer the Chen Ping of old, and being able to kill Ning Hai had made Chen Ping the most promising new star of the younger generation.
And because of his greed, their Dong family had missed the opportunity to follow Chen Ping’s a*sociation!
Dong Liqun knew that in the near future, Chen Ping would be able to boast of the entire martial arts world of Kyoto, and even the entire martial arts world of Daxia.
“Master, outside the door, Mr. Chen requests an audience ……”
Just then, a Dong family subordinate came in and reported.
“Mr. Chen? Which Mr. Chen?”
Dong Liqun asked in confusion.
“It’s that Chen Ping, the one who follows the young master on good terms!”
The subordinate replied.
Hearing that Chen Ping had suddenly come, Dong Liqun stood up with a scuffle, his heart beginning to drum a little!
This was because he did not know what Chen Ping’s purpose for coming was.
Chen Ping had just killed Ning Hai and had immediately arrived at their Dong family, could he have come to kill himself as well?
Dong Liqun’s face became a little ugly.
“Dad, let’s go out and take a look, I’m sure brother Chen Ping won’t make a move on you ……”
Dong Jiahao said with great conviction.
Dong Liqun nodded, now he could only go out and take a look first, it was a blessing but not a curse, it was a curse that could not be avoided ……
Dong Liqun followed Dong Jiahao and walked out.