Boom boom boom …………
With a huge sound, the mountain crushed down and Chen Ping was directly crushed inside!
Above the mountain, a cave, hundreds of metres in diameter and dozens of metres deep, was now revealed in the midst of this tremendous shaking!
The regenerating spring beneath the mountain began to break off and soon dried up!
But Chen Ping was pinned down under the mountain and did not even know it.
Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu woke up with a start, looking at the smoke and dust around them, and the regenerating spring that had dried up beneath them.
Although they were conscious, they couldn’t move at all, so they just sat there staring blankly!
“Master Hu, what’s going on? Is there an earthquake?”
“Where is Brother Chen Ping?”
Long Xingxu asked with a puzzled look on his face.
Just now, he was fine, soaking in the spring water, very comfortable!
Now it’s the middle of the night and all of a sudden it’s like this!
Hu Pazi looked around, but there was no sign of Chen Ping, so he frowned and said, “This guy has been curious about this regenerative spring since he arrived.”
“I reckon he might have made this noise, can’t this guy stop for a while!”
While Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu were talking, Liu Xing and Liu Rui with a few of their disciples were also attracted by the commotion!
When they saw the spring drying up, they all looked horrified!
But they quickly carried Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu back to the Pure Yang Sect.
The drying up of the spring was a big deal and they had to report it!
At this point, no one had thought that Chen Ping had been crushed under the mountain!
When Yue Buqun found out that the Regeneration Spring had dried up, he was also very anxious, for it had just been handed over to Chen Ping and then the Regeneration Spring had dried up.
“Where is Brother Chen? Have you seen him?”
Yue Buqun asked Liu Xing and Liu Rui.
They shook their heads, saying they hadn’t seen him at all!
“Master, this regenerative spring has dried up, could it be caused by that Chen Ping?”
“If he really did it, it would be hard for us to explain!”
Liu Xing said worriedly.
“I don’t think so, how could Mr. Chen be so powerful as to make the regeneration spring dry up, it’s been there for years!”
Liu Rui thought it couldn’t have been Chen Ping.
“Alright, don’t say anything about this beforehand, we’ll talk about it when Brother Chen comes back!”
Yue Buqun had no choice but to wait for Chen Ping to return and ask him what was going on.
At that moment, the Kunlun Mountain range was in turmoil, attracting a large number of martial artists.
At the same time, Chen Ping, who was pinned under the mountain, struggled to crawl out. With the protection of his undestructive golden body and his strong body, even though he was pinned under the mountain, Chen Ping was not injured!
It took a day for Chen Ping to climb out. When he saw the dried up regeneration spring and the missing Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu, he immediately guessed that the two must have been taken to the Pure Yang Sect!
Chen Ping rushed to the Pure Yang Sect, where Yue Buqun was waiting anxiously for Chen Ping!
The Regeneration Spring had dried up and the Kunlun Mountains were in turmoil, so with all the commotion, it was almost impossible to hide the secret!
If Chen Ping didn’t come back, Yue Buqun wouldn’t know what was going on, and there was no way to explain it to the other sects!
“Master, Mr. Chen is back ……”
Liu Rui rushed in and said.
When Yue Buqun heard that Chen Ping had returned, he hurriedly welcomed him, but when he saw Chen Ping in a state of disarray, he was a bit surprised!
“Brother Chen, where have you been? Where have you been?
Yue Buqun asked.
“Sovereign Yue, I’ll talk to you later, I’m going to have a drink of water first ……”
Chen Ping went into the room and drank a jug of water in one gulp before he could catch his breath a little!
“Brother Chen, what’s going on with that regenerating spring breaking off and the Kunlun Mountain range moving differently?”
Yue Buqun asked with great curiosity. -Chen