Boom!
As Chen Ping struck out with this punch, the heavens and earth were filled with golden light as the golden light and the red light collided together!
The red light that Tan Rongkun had erupted from, under Chen Ping’s Holy Light Fist, also instantly became dim and colourless, and in the end, it was completely engulfed by the golden light!
Chen Ping rose up as an individual and quickly headed towards Tan Rongkun!
“I don’t care what evil power you use, in front of me, everything is futile!”
Chen Ping was in mid-air, his body blossomed with golden light, and the Dragon Beheading Sword once again appeared in his hand!
And this time, not only did the Dragon Beheading Sword emit a golden light, but there was also a blazing flame burning at the same time!
Spiritual power, origin power, and dragon power were all injected into the Dragon Sword by Chen Ping!
The Dragon Sword emitted a buzzing sound, seemingly unable to tolerate its bloodthirsty aura!
As the Dragon Sword chopped down, the terrifying sword qi turned into a golden dragon, hissing as it rushed towards Tan Rongkun!
Feeling Chen Ping’s sword, Tan Rongkun’s eyes widened and his pupils contracted violently!
Because the power within this sword was simply terrifying, it was much more powerful than when Chen Ping faced Mu Qing in the ring!
“Blood Spirit Transportation ……”
Although Tan Rongkun was at the second rank of the Mahayana Realm, at this moment, he did not dare to receive this sword of Chen Ping!
Only to see red light emerge from his chest, followed by his entire body disappearing into a mist of blood!
Swish!
Chen Ping’s sword chopped directly into the air, the void in front of him was cracked by this sword chop!
Everyone present was able to feel the power of Chen Ping’s sword, as well as the monstrous killing intent.
Di Chongjing and the others were even more tense, and those Blood and Bone Sect disciples were all shocked at this moment!
They could never have imagined that a seventh ranked cultivator of the Transition Realm would not put a second ranked expert of the Mahayana Realm in the slightest bit in their eyes!
He also beat the other party to the point that he did not dare to fight, this was a bit too outrageous and deeply impacted the perception of these disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect!
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to the reactions of the crowd, but instead turned his head to look around, searching for that Tan Rongkun!
That red spirit stone that this fellow had swallowed was not known to be something that could even make a person disappear instantly!
However, Chen Ping knew that Tan Rongkun would never be capable of spatial instantaneous movement, and should have utilised some sort of gong method to make in’s body disappear!
Chen Ping tried to use his divine sense to probe Tan Rongkun’s breath, but under the probe, let Chen Ping some surprise, because the entire Blood and Bone Sect is all that Tan Rongkun’s breath.
It was as if Tan Rongkun followed the blood and bone gate that the white bones were all fused into one, and there was no way to discover Tan Rongkun’s specific location!
“Chen Ping, as I said, in this Blood and Bone Gate, it is my territory, you simply cannot defeat me.”
“The entire Blood and Bone Sect is me, and I am also the entire Blood and Bone Sect ……”
Tan Rongkun’s voice came from all directions, his tone filled with mockery and disdain!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Cutting Sword and violently swung out a sword towards the left and right, the sword qi streaked across and flew through the Blood and Bone Sect!
When the sword Qi disappeared, that Tan Rongkun did not show up either.
“Hahaha, I have said, I am the entire Blood and Bone Sect, you want to use the sword qi to hurt me, how is it possible ……”
Tan Rongkun laughed coldly!
This time, Chen Ping did feel a little tricky, this Tan Rongkun was not using a shielding spell formation to hide himself!
If it was a spell formation, Chen Ping would be able to easily discover it and break it!
But now, Tan Rongkun was not using a hair spell formation, nor was he escaping by space jump, and his breath was spread throughout the entire Blood and Bone Sect, so there was no way to find it by relying on his breath!
“This guy, using the Blood Spirit Escape, this is also a technique from the Heavenly Realm.”
“After the God-Devil War, it seems that this Celestial Realm has left behind quite a few Heavenly Realm techniques ah.”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!