After killing Xuan Yuan Kai, Chen Ping leapt away and headed towards the two Martial Sect experts of the Xuan Yuan Family.
Those two Xuan Yuan Family Martial Sect experts, seeing that their young master had been killed and that Chen Ping had rushed over, turned their heads in fear and tried to run.
Unfortunately, they were too late to run, as they saw Chen Ping’s palms glowing with golden light, and a terrifying spiritual energy surrounded his hands, followed by two golden rays of light visible to the naked eye.
The two Martial Sects of the Xuan Yuan Family were directly killed by Chen Ping without the slightest delay.
At this moment, Long Xiao and Dong Jiahao had already separated, and looking at the decapitated Xuan Yuan Kai, Long Xiao’s face became unsightly.
He had not expected that Chen Ping, who had been so heavily injured, would seem to have recovered completely in such a short period of time.
“Chen Ping, are you alright?” Dong Jiahao asked in surprise when he saw that Chen Ping’s heavily injured body was now not at all bothered.
“It’s alright!” Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“That’s great, this grandson took advantage of your serious injury and tried to snatch this painting away, this tomb was something you had a hard time getting into, how can you let this grandson pick up the bargain!”
Dong Jiahao pointed at Long Xiao and cursed one grandson after another.
“Dong Jiahao, keep your f*cking mouth clean, this is our Martial Alliance’s trial, it has nothing to do with you, that’s how our trial rules are.”
Long Xiao looked at Dong Jiahao angrily and roared.
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao and said in an icy voice, “Good, since the rules are like this, then I will take the painting away now ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he stepped forward and took off the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers painting.
Seeing Chen Ping take off the painting, Long Xiao’s face became very ugly, but now that their side’s strength was clearly no match for Chen Ping, Long Xiao did not expect this fellow Dong Jiahao to go against the rules and help Chen Ping directly.
“Chen Ping, you’d better hand over the painting to me, or else you’ll have a hard time getting out of the tomb.”
Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping viciously, his eyes filled with anger.
“If you have the guts, come and take the painting away!”
Chen Ping held out the painting, but that Long Xiao did not dare to take it.
“You have the guts, just wait for me ……”
Long Xiao finished speaking and led his men out of the tomb.
“Chen Ping, you have to be careful, these guys from the Kyoto Martial Alliance are all careful and vengeful guys!”
Dong Jiahao barked at Chen Ping.
“Thank you, Brother Dong, I will be careful myself!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“You said such a big tomb and such powerful spell formations, is it just for this one painting? This is too strange, could there be other organs inside this tomb chamber?”
Dong Jiahao said in a very puzzled manner.
In this tomb room, there was only a painting and nothing else. Since it was an ancient tomb, there had to be a coffin.
Dong Jiahao felt around the walls, but he did not find any trapway.
Chen Ping also felt that something was not quite right. If it was for this painting alone, why would they build such a large tomb, there must be something hidden that they had not found.
Chen Ping also searched down the chamber and found no mechanism, but when he touched one of the chamber walls, he felt a slight vibration.
Chen Ping pressed his ear to the wall and quieted his mind to listen carefully, as if he heard the sound of running water behind the wall.
“Brother Dong, can you hear the sound of running water?”
Chen Ping asked.
“The sound of flowing water?” Dong Jiahao froze and also put his ear to the wall, before shaking his head, “I can’t hear anything!”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, his hearing was different from normal people, so it was normal that others could not hear the sound he heard.
Looking at the wall piled with green stones, Chen Ping suddenly smashed his fist out.