Only Chen Ping looked on in a daze, and didn’t seem to have any intention of stopping that second priestess!
Fan Jiang glanced at Chen Ping and saw that Chen Ping did not move, he did not move either, except that Fan Jiang’s heart was somewhat puzzled, puzzled as to why Chen Ping did not move!
“Mr. Chen, please save Princess Anna ……”
When Andrew saw that Chen Ping was not moving, he actually started to plead with Chen Ping.
“You guy, you betrayed your princess by becoming a traitor yourself, and now you want us to save you, you want to be a f*cking b*tch and a poker player?”
Hu Pazi said with a disdainful glance at Andrew.
He despised this kind of traitor the most, although he didn’t know if Andrew could know the meaning of the last sentence, but Hu Ma Zi wanted to say it anyway!
Andrew bowed his head in shame, knowing that one wrong step and there was no turning back!
By now the second priest had stood on top of the altar and then mouthed the words as if he was chanting some kind of incantation.
Immediately afterwards, he thrust the scepter in front of Anna.
The jewel on the scepter instantly emitted a blue glow that shot straight up into the clouds!
Rumble …………
The earth began to tremble, while a ray of light from that altar was spinning around it at a rapid pace!
A terrifying aura began to rise from the ground and everyone’s faces became a little panicked.
“Haha …… haha …………”
The second priest laughed wildly.
Anna was tied to the stone pillar, no matter how much she struggled, she finally looked at Chen Ping with a helpless gaze!
She could not understand why Chen Ping did not save herself.
Soon, a black mist emerged from the ground, and these black mists transformed into terrifying faces with gaping teeth and claws!
They all gathered towards the altar, and soon the top of the altar was shrouded in black mist, so that the people below could no longer see what was happening above!
“The devil has descended, the devil has descended …………” the high priest sat on the ground muttering over and over again with a look of horror on his face.
“It’s really some spirits and yin energy, bullsh*t demons ……”
Hu Ma Zi looked at the cloud of black mist and said with a face full of disdain.
“It’s really good stuff, then I’ll have to come ……”
Chen Ping said, and his body leapt up.
Those men in black were ready to intercept Chen Ping, but they were smacked away one by one by Fan Jiang!
Soon, Chen Ping’s figure rushed up to the altar!
On the altar, Anna’s entire face was fierce, and countless black mist was pouring into her body!
At this moment, Anna still had a trace of sanity and shouted at Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, kill me quickly, kill me quickly, I don’t want to become a demon ……”
Chen Ping laughed: “If you want to become a demon, you won’t be able to, these aren’t demons at all ……”
With that, Chen Ping walked towards Anna!
When the second priest saw that Chen Ping was ignoring him, he shouted angrily, “Kid, the devil has descended and you still dare to be so rampant, suffer death ……”
The second priest thrust the long sword in his hand towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping slapped with his hand, instantly slapping on top of that Second Priest’s longsword.
The sword in the Second Priest’s hand was instantly slapped off, and that Second Priest’s wrist also seemed to have received a tremendous recoil, and the pain was unbearable!
The Second Priest looked at Chen Ping in horror and did not dare to make a move for a while.
Chen Ping walked up to Anna and pressed one hand on the top of Anna’s head!
The Heart Condensation Technique within his body quickly ran.
All those Yin Qi spirits in Anna’s body were frantically sucked out by Chen Ping.
Soon, Anna’s face began to redden and her entire body recovered!
The Second Priest who saw this scene was instantly dumbfounded, he couldn’t figure out what kind of sorcery Chen Ping had used to actually suck the demons out of Anna’s body!
And after Chen Ping had sucked it in, he was unchanged, as if nothing had happened!