Northern Region Void!
Zuo Tianzheng was leading his people towards Bashi Village, this time Zuo Tianzheng had brought all the elite of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Without those hidden forces making a move, Zuo Tianzheng was confident that these people of theirs were invincible in the Celestial Realm!
“Allied Lord, in front of us is that Boulder Village ……”
The elder beside Zuo Tianzheng said!
Zuo Tianzheng glanced at it, his eyes filled with indifference and said, “This kind of poor and remote place, it is also impossible for experts to appear ah, why did several waves of people come and not go back?”
“Follow me down to take a look, I’ve never been to such a poor place before ……”
Zuo Tianzheng led the people to swoop straight down, but when they reached the sky above Bashi Village, Zuo Tianzheng and the others were surprised!
Only to see that in that mountain forest around Bashi Village, there were corpses scattered everywhere, and some of them were broken!
Obviously, these corpses were all the cultivators that came in waves from that Demon Sealing Alliance!
All of them died here, how could they possibly return!
“Alliance master, this …… these corpses are all people from my Demon Sealing Alliance ah!”
That elder said in horror!
“I’m not blind, use you to say?”Zuo Tianzheng glared at that elder, then his eyes coldly scanned the Boulder Village, “How could this kind of broken village allow so many cultivators to fold here? Could it be that there are formations around this village?”
“Alliance Master, it’s very possible, we should send someone to test the waters first!”
The elder said!
Zuo Tianzheng nodded, that elder then pointed his finger at a cultivator and said, “You go ahead and explore the road ……”
Although that cultivator was extremely reluctant, there was nothing he could do, if he didn’t go, he would definitely be killed immediately!
“Cao Nima …………”
That cultivator cursed the Elder in a small muttering voice, then met his scalp and landed towards the boulder village!
That cultivator easily landed within the Boulder Village, and there wasn’t any formation!
There wasn’t even an attack on him, only a few villagers saw a stranger and took the initiative to come forward to ask!
“Are you from the Demon Sealing Alliance?”A villager asked!
The cultivator hesitated for a moment and then shook his head, after all, the situation was still unknown and he couldn’t reveal his identity!
So many cultivators from the Demon Sealing Alliance had died around the Boulder Village, who knew what kind of high level people were hiding in this Boulder Village!
So this cultivator didn’t admit his Demon Sealing Alliance identity!
Seeing that it wasn’t someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance, a few villagers left, and now the villagers of this Boulder Village had a super sense of security!
After all, they were all people who had seen the world, even if strangers came to the village, they were no longer nervous and scared like before!
This is like those who are used to seeing Rolls-Royce, Bugatti people, see Mercedes-Benz BMW, the feeling is just average!
Maybe they don’t have, but they just don’t see that kind!
Now these villagers are not strong, but the average cultivator to come, they are not on the kind of look!
With Chen Ping behind Boulder Village, the identity of these villagers followed suit!
Seeing a few villagers ignoring them and leaving, the cultivator let out a long sigh of relief, but just as he was about to leave, he was seen by the pillar!
“What do you do?”
Pillar asked at the cultivator!
When that cultivator saw the pillar, he didn’t know how to answer for a moment and stumbled, “I …… I ……”
“You’re here to shit, right?”
Pillar asked!
“Yes, yes, yes!”The cultivator nodded repeatedly!
“The outhouse is over there, you go ……”
Pillar said as he pointed!
The cultivator left in a panic, while Zuo Tianzheng in the void saw that there wasn’t anything going on, so he led the crowd to rush straight down!
“Everyone in Boulder Village, get out of here ……”
The elder beside Zuo Tianzheng roared loudly!
It was because they came to Boulder Village and found that so many villagers ignored them!
Accompanied by the elder’s roar, the old village chief walked out, and after seeing Zuo Tianzheng and the others, he frowned slightly and said, “What’s all the yelling about, what do you guys do?”
“We are the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance, this is our alliance leader ……”
The elder said as he pointed at Zuo Tianzheng!
Originally, he thought that when he said this, the old village chief was going to be scared to pee, but who knows that when the old village chief heard this, he was immediately excited, “The people from the Demon Sealing Alliance are here, everyone quickly move their matzahs and come out to see ah ……”