Just as Chen Ping was talking after Bai Shao, a figure suddenly flashed past outside Bai Shao’s room.
“Someone ……”
Chen Ping instantly got up and chased after him!
Bai Shallow followed closely behind, within her own palace, how dare someone spy on her outside her room, simply don’t want to die!
Just the moment Chen Ping followed Bai Shallow to chase them out, the figure suddenly collapsed to the ground!
When Chen Ping caught up with them, they found that it was actually a girl!
The girl’s body was covered in bruises, obviously severely injured!
“Xiao Cui?”
Seeing that girl, Bai Shao instantly exclaimed in shock!
“You recognise it?”Chen Ping asked!
“This is my personal maid.”
Bai Shao said with a slight frown!
Seeing this, Chen Ping directly picked up the girl and then returned to Bai Shao’s room!
After some examination, Chen Ping then shook his head and said, “The injuries are too severe, the divine soul is damaged, I’m afraid it’s difficult to save her.”
“How could this be?Who on earth dares to poison my personal maid?”
Bai Shallow’s face was filled with thick anger, “Chen Ping, can you make her wake up, I want to ask, who exactly beat her up like this.”
“I’ll try!”Chen Ping nodded, then a spiritual force was struck into the girl’s body!
Chen Ping took out a Rejuvenation Pill from his storage ring and gently placed it into the girl’s mouth.
A moment later, the girl slowly opened her eyes!
“Xiao Cui, who beat you up like this?”
Seeing this, Bai Shao hurriedly asked out!
“Empress …… is …… is Xue Kun, you quickly escape ……”
“Xue Kun has already followed the Feng Family’s co-operation and is only waiting for you to come back to do something to you.”
“I risked my life to tell you, so hurry up and go, Granny Zhen didn’t go to pick herbs, but was locked up in the water dungeon!”
“Queen, go …………”
After the girl finished speaking, she directly tilted her head and had no breath!
Bai Qian listened to the girl’s words, her entire being filled with shock and incomprehension.
She did not understand that this Xue Kun had betrayed her!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, saw Bai Shao and inwardly didn’t know how to persuade her!
As an empress, one had to be overly strong!
One must know that this was the Celestial Realm, which was honoured by strength and had no rules to speak of!
This wasn’t the secular world, in the secular world, without real skills, one could sit in the position of mayor and manage a city by skulking around!
It was useless even if the men under him were as capable as they were, and no one dared to rebel!
It was because the secular world had sound rules, and those rules were what made ordinary people obedient!
But in this Celestial Realm, there are no rules!
Everything is spoken for in terms of strength!
“This Xue Kun, I’m going to kill him, I must kill him.”
Bai Shao hissed.
“Empress, if you want to kill me, you have to have that ability!”
A cold humming sound came from the room, followed by the door being kicked open!
Only to see Xue Kun with his many guards, directly surrounding Bai Shallow’s room!
Seeing Xue Kun, Bai Shao’s eyes were filled with rage, “Xue Kun, you dare to betray me?”
“Why wouldn’t I dare?Now that the Seal Family and I have made a deal, our Imperial Hu City will join the Demon Seal Alliance, and we will be provided with all sorts of resources when the time comes.”
“You’re only at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, and you’re still thinking of ruling the entire Hu Huang City all the time?”
“The only reason I was willing to listen to you was because I wanted to double-cultivate with you, and it doesn’t matter who manages the Imperial City of Hu at that time.”
“But after so many years, you won’t even let me hold your hand, and I can see that you don’t intend to dual cultivate with me at all, so why don’t I just turn against you.”
“Now that I’m already at the ninth rank of the Transition Realm strength, the entire Hu Huang City listens to me, if you listen obediently, I can ensure that you enjoy glory.”
“If you don’t listen, then don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
Xue Kun had a hideous and smug look on his face!
Bai Qian looked at Xue Kun in that manner, and her expression grew angrier and angrier to the extreme!