“Mr. Chen …… Chen, we’d better not be moving forward …….”
Tang Dali said with a trembling body.
“What’s wrong? Did a few roars scare you?”
Chen Ping saw that look on Tang Dali’s face and asked in disbelief.
“Mr. Chen doesn’t know, rumour has it that there used to be a tiger demon living here that was so incredibly large that it could swallow a man with its open mouth!”
“It’s just that no one has seen that tiger demon for years, and it’s slowly been forgotten and treated as a legend!”
“But now, the roar was probably made by that tiger demon, and the people who disappeared here also probably died under the tiger demon’s mouth.”
“I think we should not continue on towards the front, it’s too dangerous ……”
Although Tang Dali knew that Chen Ping was a great martial sect, but if they really ran into that legendary tiger demon, it was estimated that they would all become the tiger demon’s food.
“Tiger demon? Is there still that kind of thing here?”
Chen Ping was astonished!
“If there is a tiger demon, then there must be a pill king, to know that around a pill king, there must be spirit beasts guarding it, maybe that tiger demon is the one guarding the pill king.”
Anna had a face of excitement, at the very least this meant that this place must have the existence of the Pill King!
Tang Dali saw that Chen Ping and the others didn’t seem to be afraid of the tiger demon and still had the intention to continue to go forward, so he looked puzzled and said, “Mr. Chen, I am of low strength, I really wouldn’t dare to go further in, besides, I have never been on this snow before, so I guess I can’t show you the way!”
Tang Dali’s meaning was obvious, that he wanted to quit and go back, he was scared!
“Master Tang, thank you for taking us here, be safe when you go back ……”
Chen Ping didn’t blame Tang Dali, after all, Tang Dali was only a Martial Sect, if he really encountered danger, he was afraid that he wouldn’t even have the ability to escape.
“Mr. Chen, then I’ll wait in the city to receive you all ……”
Tang Dali said.
After Tang Dali left, Chen Ping and the others continued on their way, only the road was getting harder and harder, and they were still walking towards the snowy mountains.
Luckily for them, they were all experts, if they were ordinary people, they wouldn’t have been able to walk here at all!
“Master Hu, can you scout out where that relic is?”
Chen Ping asked to Pocky Hu.
“Nonsense, have you forgotten what I do?”
Pocky Hu finished and pulled out a very thin and shiny metal rod from his body that was only a few dozen centimeters long!
Hu Ma Zi casually swept the surroundings, then found a place to stick that metal rod on top of the snow!
He stood in front of the rod and began to recite an incantation.
“There are not many recipes to be pa*sed down in public opinion, but to find the dragon and recognise the ancestors, look at the sharp circle. The tent is full of tumbles, and the hall underneath is descending to the peak. The bee’s waist, the crane’s knees and the dragon’s through change, the remaining branches are sent to turn and hold the ring.”
“The living dragon and the living serpent, the dragon is broken and connected. The dragon is the one who takes the barn and the storehouse, and protects the constellation from the gorge. There is no interruption in the front and the back, and the roots are connected.”
“The five stars are gold, wood, water, fire and earth; wood and fire are civilized and produce noble and virtuous people; the star of earth produces many thousands of gold and rich people; gold and water line the dragon and make it rich.”
With the recitation of Hu Ma Zi’s incantation, the tip of that heeled metal rod actually began to emit a golden glow!
The golden glow kept spreading and spreading wider and wider!
“Buzz …………”
Suddenly, the metal rod actually began to shake, and it was accompanied by a buzzing sound!
The metal rod was shaking more and more, and along with the shaking, the metal rod started to heat up and the snow around it started to melt!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi’s face changed slightly and he hurriedly beckoned, “Collect ……”
The metal rod instantly stopped shaking, the light disappeared and flew straight to Hu Ma Zi’s hand!
This operation of Pocky Hu’s was a sight for Chen Ping and the others to behold.
This was considered a specialization in the art!