“You really do have some skills, it seems like that Liu Sh*tong didn’t lose unfairly, but if you want to win against me, it won’t be that easy!”
Zhu Ling snorted coldly, her aura all exploded out!
The Flame Spirit Sword in Zhu Ling’s hand had turned into two colours at the moment, the general purple flame was obviously the Purple Flame Sect’s Top Secret Supreme Flame!
Zhu Ling’s Top Secret Supreme Flame was much more powerful than that Liu Sh*tong’s, the purple colour was even more vivid and obvious!
Accompanied by the swinging of Zhu Ling’s Spirit Sword, a sword awn once again headed towards Chen Ping.
But at this moment, that sword awn was burning with flames, brown, purple different colours of sword awns, rushing towards Chen Ping in the surroundings.
Wei Qing’s face became very ugly as he looked at the terrifying sword aura!
If he himself was under this attack, he would definitely be defeated.
Elder Yu was also frowning slightly, intending to step in at any time to stop it, it looked like Zhu Ling had moved to kill, this was to make Chen Ping die ah.
“Eldest Miss, I hope to be merciful, don’t hurt your life.”
Elder Yu loudly reminded Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling, on the other hand, snorted coldly and said, “When my Peerless Spirit Sword strikes, there is no possibility of stopping, this guy is too pretentious to use a tree branch to fight with me, this is looking down on me, then I will let him see how powerful I am!”
Elder Yu’s face was helpless, in the face of a great cultivator of the ninth grade of the Transition Realm, Chen Ping still didn’t deal with it properly, but even snapped off a tree branch to use it as a weapon!
Wasn’t this treating this competition as a child’s play?
“Senior brother, you have to be careful ah, don’t be careless, pay attention.”
“If you don’t have a weapon, you can temporarily use of my precious sword.”
Wei Qing said, about to throw his sword to Chen Ping!
But who knew that Chen Ping shook his head and said, “Elder brother’s kind intention, I appreciate it, I feel that the branch is more handy!”
Chen Ping surprisingly rejected Wei Qing and still used the tree branch to fend off Zhu Ling’s attack!
“Go to hell ……”
Zhu Ling’s eyes widened in anger as countless sword awns of burning flames were spinning towards Chen Ping!
The two different coloured sword awns, spinning together, turned into a spirit snake with a bloody mouth!
The endless flames caused the entire mid-air of the courtyard to radiate!
Looking at the Sword Skill that Zhu Ling had performed, as well as the Supreme Flame, Chen Ping surprisingly raised the corners of his mouth!
Regardless of whether it was a sword skill or to fire, there was still a huge gap between Zhu Ling following Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s Nine Shadows Sword Technique, that was an ancient sword technique, and so far Chen Ping had not practised the Nine Branches!
As for the supreme flames, Zhu Ling was even further behind, Chen Ping possessed a fire origin, and there were also five types of supreme flames!
Zhu Ling only knew two types of Supreme Flames!
Chen Ping held the tree branch in his hand, and a trace of Extreme Cold Ice Flame was struck into it, and the temperature around the tree branch instantly became incomparably cold!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping used the tree branch in his hand and knocked those sword manes that had turned into spirit snakes and rushed towards him one by one!
When these spirit snakes touched the tree branch in Chen Ping’s hand, they would instantly freeze the surrounding flames and then shatter with a bang, disappearing without a trace!
Seeing this scene, Wei Qing, Elder Yu and Zhu Ling were all dumbfounded!
They were wondering what exactly Chen Ping had used to block such a sharp attack from Zhu Ling with just a tree branch!
They were even more confused as to how the air around Chen Ping had suddenly become so cold!
Chen Ping had obviously mastered the Supreme Fire, and only those who knew fire techniques could enter the Purple Flame Sect!
Otherwise, Chen Ping would not have approached the old Sect Master to seek the method of fusing the Supreme Flame!
But for a person who knew how to do the Most Fire to perform a means that would make the air around them incredibly cold, this was beyond the scope of their cognition!
Shouldn’t it be that only cultivators who practised Ice Technique were able to exude that severe coldness?
They simply did not understand the Extreme Cold Ice Flame, nor did they know that it existed!