“This is the Tong Ling fruit, when the spring water from that regeneration spring was flowing through the Tong Ling tree root before it had the miraculous effect of reshaping the flesh body.”
“You two should first refine that power in your bodies, you might be able to raise your realm quite a bit!”
“Especially Xing Xu, you have a low realm, you need to refine that power as soon as possible before you run the risk of exploding and dying!”
Chen Ping said to Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu.
Seeing Chen Ping’s sudden remark, Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu hurriedly began to cultivate and refine that power in their bodies!
Chen Ping stayed in the Pure Yang Sect, waiting for Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu to finish refining the power of the Tong Ling Fruit before leaving to go back to Kyoto!
“Senior sister, have you really entered the Water Fairy Palace ruins?”
Liu Xing asked with some envy as he felt the aura on Liu Rui and Chen Ping.
He had to know that when Liu Rui left, her realm strength was not even close to Liu Xing, but when she returned from this trip to the Water Fairy Palace ruins, her strength surpa*sed him!
Especially Chen Ping, Liu Xing could really feel that terrifying aura in Chen Ping’s body, if the two people fought at this time, I’m afraid that even Chen Ping couldn’t receive a single move! Remember the website m.lqzw.org
“Of course, we also saw the psychic tree …………”
Liu Rui was full of excitement as she followed Liu Xing talking about the things inside the Water Fairy Palace ruins!
When Liu Xing heard that Chen Ping had actually beaten the Great Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect who was a peak Ninth Grade Martial God, his heart was filled with surprise!
It seemed that, let alone taking a single move in front of Chen Ping, he was afraid that a single breath from Chen Ping would be able to overwhelm him!
Chen Ping stayed in the Pure Yang Sect for another three days before Yue Buqun rushed back from his meeting!
When he saw Chen Ping and Liu Rui, Yue Buqun did not seem to be surprised.
“Master, we’ve returned from the Water Fairy Palace ruins and ……”
When Liu Rui saw Yue Buqun, she was eager to tell him what happened at the Water Fairy Palace ruins after Yue Buqun, but who knew that Yue Buqun waved his hand.
“I know all about it!” Yue Buqun’s face was a little ugly, “And you also followed the people from the Flying Star Sect and the Heavenly Thunder Sect in the middle of the ruins and clashed, killing them all.”
“Then Leng Yun and Tong Youcai, did they both die in your hands?”
Liu Rui was stunned, not understanding how Yue Buqun knew about it.
However, Chen Ping spoke indifferently, “We did clash, but that Leng Yun and Tong Youcai were not killed by us, but the Great Protector of the Burning Heaven Sect absorbed the strength of the two and killed them!”
“The Burning Heaven Sect?” Yue Buqun’s brow furrowed, “That Burning Heaven Sect has actually appeared?”
“Master, that Burning Heaven Sect has always been on the Kunlun Mountains, and that Pill Refining Sect has been following the cooperation of the Burning Heaven Sect, part of the resources we have given to the Pill Refining Sect over the years have been distributed to the Burning Heaven Sect.”
Liu Rui hurriedly followed Yue Buqun and said.
When Yue Buqun heard this, his face couldn’t be more ugly, for so many years, their Pure Yang Sect had been played as a monkey!
“Good pill refining clan, no wonder for so many years, that Bao Yu Kun couldn’t see through my problems, so he did it on purpose.”
Yue Buqun gnashed his teeth in anger!
“Master, how did you know about what happened in the relics?”
Liu Rui asked curiously.
“Now the entire Hidden Realm knows about it, and the Flying Star Faction and the Heavenly Thunder Faction have already acted, and will probably soon launch a hunt for Brother Chen!”
“Brother Chen, you’d better leave the Hidden Realm as soon as possible and go hide!”
Yue Buqun said to Chen Ping.
“Sovereign Yue, if I leave, what about you all?”
Chen Ping asked.
“They won’t do anything to my Pure Yang Clan, and besides, my Pure Yang Clan is not a soft persimmon that can be pinched at will.”
Yue Buqun said.
Chen Ping nodded, he knew that with his current strength, he was not capable of following the two great sects to fight.
Now that Hu Ma Zi and Long Xing Xu also happened to have finished refining that power in their bodies, it was time to leave!
After saying goodbye to Yue Buqun, Chen Ping took Pocky Hu and Long Xingxu and went straight back to Kyoto!