Just now, because of the hidden realm, Chen Ping did not discover the identity of these two old men!
Now, it seemed that these two blind old men were actually both demonic cultivators as well!
However, the man in front of him did not have a trace of demonic aura on his body, and even those Transition Realm cultivators following behind him also had an air of vastness and were not demonic cultivators!
This made Chen Ping very puzzled, what kind of power was it that could follow a demonic cultivator and co-exist, and make the demonic cultivator willingly act as a subordinate?
“Demon Sealing Alliance?”
In Chen Ping’s mind, the three words “Demon Sealing Alliance” instantly flashed through.
Nowadays, only the Demon Sealing Alliance kept a large number of devil cultivators, could it be that these people were all from the Demon Sealing Alliance?
Was this guy in front of him, who was dressed as a man, a male son or princess of the Demon Sealing Alliance?
After associating it with the fact that the airship was just stopped by the Demon Sealing Alliance’s demon cultivators, the other party also used a long sword, could it be that these were all together!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping was finally no longer calm!
If these people were really from the Demon Sealing Alliance, then he would have to study how to run away, there was no way to enter this Divine Demon Battlefield in!
Just as that left blinded elder was preparing to strike again, and Chen Ping was considering how to leave, suddenly the woman dressed as a man spoke!
“Left Blind Elder, you innocently attacked others and caused trouble, is it that your other eye also wants to go blind?”
The woman’s voice was icy cold and her eyes did not carry a trace of emotion!
“Subordinate wouldn’t dare.”The old man who was blinded in his left eye hurriedly retreated a few steps back, and then bowed slightly and said, “That guy spied on the young lady, and also stared towards the young lady’s private place, I poked his eyes out, but also for the sake of the young lady ……”
The woman, however, did not appreciate the situation and said, “I am now dressed as a woman and am a man, so it is not too much for him to look at me.”
“The two of you stared at me back then, I was in a daughter’s body at that time, my father poked the eyes of the two of you blind, are the two of you still grudging now?”
“Subordinate does not dare to ……”
The two blind old men immediately changed their faces and fell to their knees in a panic!
When Chen Ping saw this, he immediately laughed out, feeling that the blindness of these two old men was due to looking at the woman in front of him!
But to blind their eyes just by looking at it, it was evident that the woman’s father was also a very hostile person!
“Miss, our lives were saved by your father, how could we dare to have the slightest dissatisfaction ……”
The old man who was blind in his right eye said!
“You guys get up, I’m just saying it casually.”
The woman gently rested, the two old men instantly rose, then the woman continued: “Father explained, go out and never be violent, to be more kind to people, just now if you kill the people, is not it again to my father’s head to add a debt of abuse?”
“My father has been kind and charitable for so many years, and has never looked at you guys differently because you are devil cultivators, so you guys should also change your previous stinky behaviour!”
“Miss is right in her lesson!”The two old men hurriedly bowed!
After teaching the two old men a lesson, the woman then looked towards Chen Ping and said with an arch of her hand, “Fellow Daoist, please bear with me where I have offended……”
After saying that, the woman casually flung her hand and a bag of Purple Gold Spirit Coins landed on Chen Ping’s hand!
Chen Ping looked at the bag of Purple Gold Spirit Coins and couldn’t help but be staggered, it seems that this woman’s family is very rich!
However, with regards to money, Chen Ping did not care, after all, Chen Ping did not lack money either!
But just as Chen Ping was about to return the Purple Gold Spirit Coins to the other party, he saw that the woman had brought someone to the front of the cave!
Chen Ping knew that the woman had brought someone here, and was definitely here for the Divine Demon Battlefield as well!
However, there were formations blocking it, so he wanted to see how the woman would enter the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Only to see the woman slowly stretching out a hand, in her palm there was actually a rune engraved, obviously someone had engraved it in the woman’s palm!