Hundreds of vine tentacles, all heading towards Chen Ping, from all sides like a cage, to trap Chen Ping!
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth rose slightly, and a fine light flowed in his eyes!
Swoosh……
Seeing that those vines were arriving in front of Chen Ping and were about to trap him, Chen Ping’s figure suddenly disappeared in front of Wood Fiend’s eyes!
The Wood Fiend was instantly startled, and the hundreds of vines had all of a sudden lost their target and became entangled with each other!
“Where is everyone?”
Wood Fury was horrified in his heart, he did not understand that Chen Ping was clearly right in front of his eyes, but now he was nowhere to be seen!
But soon, Wood Fiend felt a strange movement behind him!
He wanted to turn around to check, but the hundreds of vines were entangled with each other, directly holding Wood Fury’s body!
This was really stealing a chicken without getting it, Wood Fiend was trapped by his own vines!
Pfft ……
Just as Wood Fiend wanted to untangle the vines, a sudden pain from a distance came!
Only to see a piercing golden light, from the back through to the front chest, just in this instant, the hundreds of vines also instantly disappeared!
Wood Fiend had a horrified look on his face, looking down at the longsword that pierced through his chest!
His eyes were wide open, his face full of incredulity, he did not understand, Chen Ping, a mere fifth grade cultivator of the Harmonisation Realm, how did he manage to kill himself in a single move?
Wood Fiend slowly turned his head and saw Chen Ping looking at him with a cold smile on his face!
In the midst of his gaze, Chen Ping drew out his Dragon Cutting Sword with blood still dripping from it.
Chen Ping just coldly glanced at Wood Fury before turning around and walking away!
Wood Fiend, on the other hand, slowly collapsed in disbelief!
He couldn’t believe that he had died just like that, killed by a Harmonisation Realm Fifth Grade cultivator, with a single move!
He didn’t know how Chen Ping had done it and couldn’t figure it out!
Until he died, Wood Fury’s eyes were round and dead ……
The few remaining casual cultivators on the side watched Chen Ping kill Wood Fiend with such a clean sword strike, and one by one, their jaws also dropped in shock!
Especially that Yuan Bao, he didn’t expect Chen Ping’s strength to be rapidly increasing in the blink of an eye, and he didn’t understand why that was!
To know how difficult it was for them, the loose cultivators, to raise a small realm, some of them might not be able to raise a small realm in a year or even several years!
One must know that the thing that loose cultivators lacked the most was resources, which was why they were surprisingly bullied in the Celestial Realm!
“Brother Chen, thank you for saving my life, if I have the chance, I will definitely repay you with my life ……”
Yuan Bao and a few loose cultivators came forward and thanked Chen Ping!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping’s timely arrival, they would have all been corpses as well!
“You are all welcome, you’d better leave quickly, if you were to run into the rest of the Five Elements Heavenly Fury, you would be in danger.”
Chen Ping let Yuan Bao and a few of their casual cultivators leave.
“Mr Chen, are we still looking for the other two of the Five Elements Heavenly Fury?”
Ji Yun went up to Chen Ping and asked!
“There’s no need to look for them, for the remaining two, I reckon that the others will be able to deal …… with them.”
Chen Ping shook his head!
Old Sun and the three of them would not have much of a problem if they were to deal with one of the Five Elements Heavenly Fury!
There was also Ning Caichen, who was also not afraid of one of the Five Elements Heavenly Fury, so they were not in much danger!
Next, Chen Ping followed the crowd and headed towards Jialing County!
Although Yi He’s poison was solved, Chen Ping also had to keep his word and deliver the Ice Pill to the Jialing County Sheriff!
This was a matter of integrity, Chen Ping would not be a person without integrity!
Although this Ice Spirit Dan was worth its weight in gold, and Chen Ping knew that if he swallowed the Ice Spirit Dan, his strength would definitely soar, and it was even possible that he would be in the process of comprehending other origins, but Chen Ping would not do so!
Soon, Chen Ping and the others arrived at Jia Ling County, and at the entrance of Jia Ling County, Lord Yan was actually waiting for them, as if he knew that they were about to arrive!