“I’m not going to kill you guys, get the hell back and tell your hall master not to be working for the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“If your Soulless Hall still wants to help the Demon Sealing Alliance to kill me, I’ll be there anytime, only next time, it won’t end so well.”
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Cutting Sword!
The woman in black was filled with shock and looked at Chen Ping incredulously, she did not expect Chen Ping to let herself go!
The man in black also did not expect Chen Ping to let them go!
“Are you telling the truth?”
The man in black asked in disbelief!
“Of course, you guys can go now ……”
Chen Ping waved his hand, causing Bai Shao to withdraw her breath!
The woman in black felt her body loosen up, then slowly got up!
The two siblings, the man in black and the woman in black, glanced at Chen Ping before leading the people away!
“Master, why didn’t you kill these people, since you knew that they had been chasing you, why did you let the tiger return to the mountain?”
Fire Phoenix asked in great confusion!
“Killing them here will inevitably cause the Soulless Hall’s resentment towards the Spirit Beast Valley, and at that time, the Spirit Beast Valley is afraid that it won’t have a good time.”
“These people from the Soulless Hall are not very strong, so there is no need to worry!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Seeing that Chen Ping was thinking for their Spirit Beast Valley, Elder Zong was very grateful in his heart!
“Mr Chen, you guys take away this little Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, even though the little Spirit Rhinoceros Beast has just given birth, it is just as sensitive to the scent.”
“Moreover, this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast has a strong ability to give birth, I believe that it won’t be long before our Spirit Beast Valley will have more Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts.”
Elder Zong said to Chen Ping!
“Then, thank you Elder Zong ……”
Chen Ping was not polite and directly picked up that little Spirit Rhinoceros Beast!
After saying their goodbyes, Chen Ping and Fire Phoenix rushed towards the Blood Spirit Valley with the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast with them!
………………
Southern Domain, Ye City!
This was also a city at the foot of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, and Ye City was not far from Fan City.
The reason why it was called Ye City was because there was the largest family here, the Ye Family!
And this Ye Family was also a rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
The head of the Ye Family, Ye Liancheng, was then a rudder master of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
“Elder Chu, we have a total of eighteen sub-rudders in the Southern Region, I have ordered them all, as long as that Chen Ping is still in the Southern Region, he will not be able to escape.”
Ye Liancheng said to Elder Chu who was sitting across from him!
“Many thanks to Rudder Master Ye ……”
Elder Chu rose to thank him!
“Elder Chu, you are too kind, we all serve for the alliance master, now that the alliance master’s son has been killed by that Chen Ping, it is only right that we do our best.”
Ye Liancheng waved his hand and said!
“Elder Chu, I have also ordered my disciples to go to the Spirit Beast Valley to buy a Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, as long as I have the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, I will definitely catch Elder Fei, that traitor, and give Elder Chu, the Demon Sealing Alliance an explanation.”
Sitting on the other side, an old man with a goatee spoke!
This person was Song Tianhai, the Hall Master of the Soulless Hall!
“Hmph, your Soulless Hall has been fostered in the Demon Sealing Alliance for so many years, the first time you did something was bad, and you even had a traitor, if the alliance master knew about this matter, your entire Soulless Hall would be overthrown.”
Elder Chu glanced at Song Tianhai, his eyes brimming with dissatisfaction!
Song Tianhai’s forehead was filled with cold sweat as he apologised repeatedly.
And at this moment, the two siblings who had travelled to Spirit Beast Valley to purchase Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts returned!
“How was it, did you buy the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast back?”
Song Tian Hai asked as he looked at the brother and sister duo!
“Master, we …………”
The man looked embarrassed and was about to open his mouth to tell the truth, but the woman at the side grabbed the first words “Master, it’s already been bought back, now we can set off and go catch the traitors!”
Hearing that the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast has been bought back, Song Tian Hai hurriedly got up and then said towards Elder Chu “Elder Chu, Rudder Master Ye, I’ll go and look for that traitor first, within three days, I’ll definitely bring that Elder Fei’s head up.”
“Go, if you can’t catch that traitor, you know the consequences!”
Elder Chu waved his hand!