Ji Yun’s words caused everyone to place their gazes on him.
“So that’s how it is, it seems like this Ji family’s oldest three have done well after going out.”
Elder Miao said!
The others also sort of understood why Cai Hongwei had brought Chen Ping and the three of them along, they must have had their eyes on that blimp!
The crowd prepared themselves and then walked out of Yellow and Blue City!
When they arrived outside the city, Ji Yun released the blimp!
Looking at the blimp in front of them, smiles spread across everyone’s faces!
With this blimp, they would be able to save a lot of effort and encounter fewer dangers!
After boarding the blimp, Ji Yun manoeuvred the blimp to slowly take off!
Then around the dirigible, a white light flashed, this was the formation that came with the dirigible activating!
With the blimp, the crowd could cultivate on the road!
That Sikong Zhen found a seat right next to Cai Qiannan!
It was obvious that this guy was interested in Cai Qiannan!
While around that Miao Miao, none of them dared to sit, only Elder Miao was on the sidelines!
It looked like these people were all very scared of Miao Miao!
The dirigible sped towards the southern region, and because it was flying in the sky, it didn’t encounter any dangers!
If it was on land, it would be different, going over those mountains and rivers, one would definitely encounter many demonic beasts!
The flight for two days in a row was very peaceful!
Everyone did not speak and cultivated on their own!
Chen Ping was also constantly cultivating, comprehending the Immortal Finger that the Great Ancestor of the Ji Clan had imparted to him!
Although he did not have the ability to perceive the Time Origin right now, there were still many other things to perceive in this Immortal’s Finger!
Just two days after the group had travelled, a sudden cry woke so everyone up from their cultivation, and the airship seemed to have been subjected to resistance and began to sway twice!
“Ji Yun, what’s wrong?”
Chen Ping asked to Ji Yun who was manoeuvring the airship!
“Mr Chen, look ……”
Ji Yun’s eyes were filled with panic as he pointed towards the outside!
Chen Ping looked through the porthole and realised that the sky in front of him, a black mass, was actually all a kind of flying bird!
This bird was only the size of an adult’s fist, and its feathers were colourful!
However, although this kind of bird is not big, but the number is extremely large, at a glance, the black pressure is all!
And there were constantly air currents blowing from the flock of birds in front of them, causing the airship to be obstructed and constantly shaking!
“Five-coloured birds?”
Fire Phoenix looked at the flock of birds outside and couldn’t help but frown!
At this time, the others also gathered around, looking at the flock of birds outside, their faces also became grave!
“How could we encounter five-coloured birds here? Aren’t these birds all there in the Lian Tian Mountain Range?”
“Could it be that we made a mistake in navigation and came to the Lian Tian Mountain Range?”
“These five-coloured birds are too powerful, I’ve seen with my own eyes, a Transitional Cultivator turn into a white bone in the blink of an eye.”
The crowd all talked with fear on their faces!
“Are these birds really that powerful?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise!
Because in his opinion, these birds were very small in size and not very strong, apart from being numerous enough, they didn’t seem to be very powerful!
“Master, although these five-coloured birds are very small and don’t seem to be very strong, but their numbers are simply too many, every time they fly together in groups of tens of thousands.”
“Moreover, this kind of bird is very vindictive, even I am not willing to mess with these guys.”
The Fire Phoenix said to Chen Ping!
“Eldest nephew, look at this blimp, is it able to go around?”
Cai Hongwei asked to Ji Yun!
If one did not provoke these five-coloured birds, the only way was to go around!
Ji Yun shook his head “Uncle Cai, there’s no way to go around, our blimp is now trapped by the air currents instigated by this flock of birds, if we want to move on, we have to destroy these birds or disperse this flock of birds to do so.”