Boom ……
Although he didn’t use his full strength, this punch, that was still tens of thousands of jin of force, it was no problem to blow away a mountain!
But when this punch hit the Blood Devil’s body, it was just like a fart!
The Blood Demon did not react, but the black and silver robe felt a huge recoil and the bones of his arm broke instantly, piercing through the skin and exposing it!
The white bones, with the bright red blood, made the scene very horrible!
Everyone was stunned by this scene.
Especially the black and silver robe who had made the move, his heart burst with shock, followed by a rapid retreat of his body!
He knew that this breathless fellow in front of him was far more powerful than they had imagined.
But just as the Black Silver Robe retreated, the Blood Demon moved, only to see the Blood Demon slap out!
This slap seemed slow, but it was incredibly fast!
The black and silver robe did not have time to react, only to be seen by a slap in the face! Remember the website m.lqzw.org
Poof ……
The black silver robe’s head was burst by a slap from the blood devil, scarlet blood splattered everywhere, and a horrible blood smell filled the air!
This time, Nie Cheng and those black robed people were dumbfounded!
“How is this …… possible?” Nie Cheng’s face was filled with incredulity as he looked at the tragically dead Black Silver Robe.
This was a Grand Martial Marquis, a Grand Martial Marquis!
How could he be smacked to death with a single slap?
Just like swatting a fly to death?
This was too outrageous?
What kind of strength would someone who could kill a Grand Martial Marquis with a single slap be?
A Martial Saint? Transformation Realm?
Nie Cheng’s mind was not working well at the moment!
As the black and silver robes watched their companions being slapped to death, they all looked extremely pale!
At this moment, none of the remaining black and silver robes dared to move, and involuntarily took a step backwards!
“If you release my girlfriend now and apologise on your knees, I can spare your lives.”
Chen Ping opened his mouth and said.
Nie Cheng grimaced coldly, “Chen Ping, don’t be complacent, although I don’t know where you invited the expert from, but you shouldn’t underestimate our Martial Arts Alliance.”
“Even if the person you invited is a Martial Saint, so what, do you think we don’t have Martial Saints in the Martial Dao Alliance?”
“The Martial Saint weapon in my hand can bring out the strength of a Martial Saint just as well.”
Nie Cheng was holding a vajra pestle, and his aura was rising!
“Good, then all go to hell ……”
Chen Ping also stopped talking nonsense and directly manipulated the Blood Demon to make his move!
“Come together, even if it’s a Martial Saint, we don’t have to be afraid.”
Nie Cheng said loudly.
The remaining six black and silver robes could only grit their teeth and go together, did they still dare to run away?
They had to know that the punishment for those who ran away would be worse than death.
The six black and silver robes all headed towards the Blood Demon, but Nie Cheng was at the end, holding a vajra pestle, ready to find a moment to deal a fatal blow to the Blood Demon!
But before Nie Cheng could make his move, he saw the Blood Demon waving his big palm!
One slap at a time, and going at breakneck speed!
In the blink of an eye, all six black and silver robes had become headless corpses, and the whole hall was filled with a thick smell of blood.
Nie Cheng, who originally wanted to make a move, was dumbfounded at once!
He looked at the corpses on the ground, his face filled with shock!
He had to know that these black and silver robes were all Grand Martial Marquis, some of them were even at the late stage of Grand Martial Marquis’ strength, and each one of them was not weaker than him.
But just this kind of existence at the top of the martial world had been slapped to death just like that?
The problem was that one slap killed one, and not even the souls inside these black and silver robes had time to escape.
It instantly went up in smoke …………
Those black and copper robes saw this, one by one, they could no longer control it, all desperately ran outwards, the black and silver robes could not withstand a slap from someone, they, the black and copper robes, were afraid that they would be blown to death with a single breath!
“Don’t let them escape ……”
With a word from Chen Ping, that Blood Demon’s figure shifted slightly, and then his entire body appeared in front of those Black Bronze Robes!