“Elder Miao, what is going on here? Why are you all here on this Medicine God Island?”
“And what happened to Miss Miao?”
After returning to his residence, Chen Ping asked Elder Miao in puzzlement!
Elder Miao sighed lightly and said, “Mr Chen doesn’t know, after we came out of the Divine Demon Battlefield, Boss Cai and the others left, but this granddaughter of mine has always had problems with her sanity.”
“Her mouth nags from time to time, and there are times when she is crazy ……”
“I also looked for a lot of people to heal her, but there was no way to look at her well, in the end I could only come to Medicine God Island to try my luck.”
“I’ve been here for more than ten days now, but unfortunately I don’t have any treasures on me to use as payment, and there’s no one to heal my granddaughter.”
“If I hadn’t met Mr Chen today, I still don’t know what the consequences would have been!”
Old Miao was grateful to Chen Ping!
“Wasn’t Miss Miao already erased by Bai Shallow at that time, wiping out that memory, how could she still be like this?”
Chen Ping was puzzled!
Looking at Miao Miao’s appearance, it was obvious that she was also in this state because her spirit had been stimulated and could not withstand it!
Generally, the spiritual power of a cultivator was very strong, otherwise it would not be possible for them to radiate their divine sense to probe the surrounding situation!
Compared to ordinary people, the spiritual power of a cultivator is hundreds or thousands of times more powerful!
With this kind of mental power, it was only logical that they shouldn’t become mentally deranged after a little stimulation!
“I don’t know, it could be that the memory elimination was incomplete and Miao Miao still has that painful memory in her sea of consciousness!”
Elder Miao didn’t know why either, if he did, he might have found a cure a long time ago!
“Let me help Miss Miao take a look ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking, and instantly, an aura struck into Miao Miao’s body!
This aura directly entered Miao Miao’s sea of consciousness!
In just an instant, Miao Miao’s entire body suddenly went berserk and began to yell and scream!
Seeing this, Chen Ping struck out and knocked Miao Miao unconscious with a slap!
The entire person then frowned!
It was because at this moment, Chen Ping had already found out what had happened to Miao Miao from within her sea of consciousness!
Although Bai Shao had erased that part of Miao Miao’s memory, it was just too deep for Miao Miao!
Even if it was erased, the memories branded in the sea of consciousness still remained!
That’s why Miao Miao slowly picked up that unpleasant past!
A girl who was lined up by dozens of people to spoil her, anyone would go crazy!
After the probe, Chen Ping looked at Miao Lao with a heavy colour!
“Mr Chen, how is my granddaughter? Can it be cured?”
Old Miao hurriedly asked!
“Elder Miao, that experience in the Divine Demon Battlefield was just too great a blow to Miss Miao, it would be too difficult to erase that memory alone.”
“Right now, if you want Miss Miao to recover, you can only erase all of her memories so that she can recover, but by that time, she won’t recognise anyone, so you’ll have to guide her slowly.”
Chen Ping said to Miao Lao!
Miao Lao listened to Chen Ping say this and quietly looked at Miao Miao, his heart struggling greatly!
By the time his granddaughter didn’t even recognise herself, then what was the point!
But he couldn’t watch Miao Miao go crazy like this all the time!
After a moment’s hesitation, Miao Lao clenched his teeth and said, “Alright, this is the only way!”
“Elder Miao, I will try my best to leave behind the most basic memories of Miss Miao, but I don’t dare to guarantee that it will be 100% successful!”
Chen Ping had not helped anyone erase their memories either, so he did not dare to guarantee it either!
“Mr Chen, don’t worry and do it boldly, no matter what the outcome is, I will be able to bear it!”
Elder Miao said with great trust.
Chen Ping nodded, then a golden light emanated from his palm, wrapping up Miao Miao as a whole!