Those members of the Dharma Protection Pavilion whispered, in their opinion, Xuan Yuan Rong a Martial Arts Sect, the force of this punch could reach thousands of pounds, how could someone receive this punch and yet not move at all?
“Good, Mr. Chen, good job ……”
Xu Shimao suddenly shouted out, clapping his hands and shouting.
He had just been slapped by Xuan Yuan Rong and had long held a grudge, but now Chen Ping had received a punch from Xuan Yuan Rong and had not moved at all, which was simply too relieving to kill that Xuan Yuan Rong.
“You seek death ……”
Xuan Yuan Rong’s face became extremely ugly, and after shouting angrily, he fought his way towards Chen Ping.
This time, Xuan Yuan Rong’s qi was outwardly released, gathering all of his strength, and his terrifying aura made all of the Guardian Pavilion members present have difficulty breathing, as if a huge mountain was pressing down on them.
This time they would not think that Chen Ping was acting after Xuan Yuan Rong, Xuan Yuan Rong was really moving his Qi.
Boom …………
Xuan Yuan Rong’s fierce fist came down, only to see the dust flying, the hard martial arts training ground was directly blown out of a deep pit by Xuan Yuan Rong, this was the power of the Martial Sect, everyone was shocked by the power of Xuan Yuan Rong’s fist.
However, when the smoke and dust cleared, they saw Chen Ping standing there motionless, the smile on his face still, his eyes full of disdain and mockery as he looked at Xuan Yuan Rong.
The surrounding team members were suddenly wide-eyed, knowing that this was a Martial Sect’s strenuous strike, a strike that would have blown away the mountain even if it was a small mountain, yet Chen Ping was unharmed.
“This …… this …………”
Xuan Yuan Rong looked at Chen Ping and for a moment did not know what to say.
“This Chen Ping …… no no no, this instructor Chen is too bullish, right?”
“Standing motionless, a Second Grade Martial Sect couldn’t even hurt him, Instructor Chen’s strength must be at the realm of a Fifth Grade Martial Sect, I’m afraid.”
“Fantastic, with Instructor Chen teaching us, I believe our strength will definitely improve by a lot ……”
The members of the Protector’s Pavilion chattered excitedly, at this moment they didn’t have the slightest doubt about Chen Ping.
“Xuanyuan Rong, there are mountains outside the mountains, there are people outside the people, your little strength, don’t make a fool of yourself in front of Mr. Chen ……”
Xu Shimao shouted excitedly at Xuan Yuan Rong, humiliating him.
Xuan Yuan Rong was trembling with anger, “Xu Shimao, I’ll kill you first ……”
Xuanyuan Rong did not strike at Chen Ping, but instead attacked towards Xu Shimao, intending to take it out on Xu Shimao.
When Xu Shimao saw this, his face changed slightly, he was no match for Xuanyuan Rong.
Seeing that Xuan Yuan Rong was in front of Xu Shimao, Chen Ping’s figure instantly flashed past, followed by a kick out.
Xuanyuan Rong’s body was like a kite with a broken string, flying out a dozen metres and falling heavily to the ground.
This kick directly caused Xuan Yuan Rong to spit out blood and his face turned pale.
When the crowd saw this, they gulped furiously, this was exaggerated, a single kick had sent a Martial Sect flying.
After Xuan Yuan Rong landed on the ground, Chen Ping’s figure also reached Xuan Yuan Rong’s body and lifted his foot to land!
With this kick, Xuan Yuan Rong would definitely die with his brains bursting out, and a generation of Martial Sects would disappear like this.
“Mr. Chen, you can’t …………”
Seeing this, Zhao Wuji hurriedly stepped forward and stopped Chen Ping: “Mr. Chen, no matter how you say it, this Xuan Yuan Rong is also a member of the Xuan Yuan family, you cannot kill him in the Dharma Protector Pavilion, this will invite a lot of trouble for you, and it will be difficult for our Dharma Protector Pavilion to do so at that time ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zhao Wuji, slowly withdrew his foot and looked at Xuanyuan Rong, “Get lost ……”
Xuan Yuan Rong climbed up his body with difficulty and gave Chen Ping an angry look and said, “Kid, you wait for me, I will definitely take revenge for this ……”
Xuan Yuan Rong left, Chen Ping did not take Xuan Yuan Rong’s threat to heart, because there were too many people who had threatened him, if Chen Ping had cared, he would have been scared to death by now.