Another cultivator, seeing this, was trembling in fear and could only say stiffly, “Lord Secretary, it’s really only the seventh rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm, this Chen Ping has shown that his realm is only the seventh rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm, but it’s possible that he’s hiding his realm.”
“Otherwise, the Demon Sealing Alliance wouldn’t have been able to use a hundred years of offerings to hunt down this brat, this Chen Ping definitely has something to offer!”
Another cultivator’s words calmed down Qi Yuankun, and he expected that Chen Ping must have hidden his strength!
It was simply impossible for a seventh grade of the Transition Realm to kill a Mahayana Realm with a single sword!
“Butler ……”
Qi Yuankun shouted!
Qi Yuankun knew that even his own son could be killed by Chen Ping with a single sword, even if he brought people to take revenge, he would only be sending them to their deaths for nothing!
Although the revenge for killing his son was not shared, Qi Yuankun was not stupid!
Soon, the butler was called in and whispered, “Master, is there something wrong?”
“Is Duke Ning here?”
Qi Yuankun asked!
This matter, could only be dealt with by Ning Zhi, after all, Ning Zhi was considered the real boss behind the scenes in Qi Jia Town!
“Master, Eunuch Ning has been out for many days following a few demonic cultivators from the Demon Sealing Alliance, and hasn’t returned.”
“I’ve tried contacting them, but I haven’t been able to reach them, I don’t know if there’s been some sort of accident!”
The butler whispered!
“Impossible, in the entire Eastern Domain, there aren’t many people who can threaten Prince Ning.”
Qi Yuankun waved his hand and said!
The power level of the entire Eastern Domain wasn’t high, and there weren’t many Mahayana Realm experts, so there were very few people who could threaten Ning Zhi!
“Master, have you forgotten that some time ago, in the area of Germanium Lushan, there was a vision in the sky and a great manifestation of spiritual light, so maybe the legends are all true.”
The butler still whispered!
Qi Yuankun instantly fell silent after hearing this, then frowned slightly and said, “What do you mean, there’s a possibility that Duke Ning and the others might have run into those extra-terrestrial beings?”
“I can’t say!”The butler didn’t dare admit it!
“Those are all legends, they can’t be taken seriously at all, could it be that there really is another world in the Germanium Lushan, and hidden sects?”
“You have to know that for so many years, no one has ever seen those hidden extraterrestrials, they’ve all just heard about them.”
“If there really were to be these hidden masters that suddenly appeared to cause turmoil in our Eastern Domain, I don’t think it’s possible for Lord Domain Master to sit back and do nothing.”
“Firstly, regardless of where Lord Ning and the others have gone, you immediately go and contact the Demon Sealing Alliance, and then inform that Chen Ping is in the Eastern Domain.”
Qi Yuankun ordered!
“I understand!”The butler nodded, but he did not leave immediately, looking like he wanted to speak!
“Butler, if you have something to say, just say it!”
Qi Yuankun said!
The butler glanced at the two cultivators, then waved his hand and said, “You two go out!”
The two cultivators retreated, and only then did the butler approach Qi Yuankun’s ear and said, “Master, I’m afraid that we won’t be able to hide the matter of the Germanium Locust Mountain Ruins if we lure all of the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance here.”
“Our Qi Family Town has spent a hundred years secretly searching for the entrance to the relics, and now we have some results, if we are discovered by others, I’m afraid that there will be nothing left for our Qi Family Town at that time.”
“The visions some time ago, I feel that following the entrance to the relics to be found is also related, I still hope that you will think about it, Master!”
Qi Yuankun fell silent ……
Their Qi family town had a treasure map that had never been disseminated for ten thousand generations, but no one had ever known what that treasure map was actually used for!
It wasn’t until a hundred years ago that someone saw that the treasure map was supposed to be the entrance to a relic, right on Germanium Lu Mountain, only the exact location was unknown!
The Qi family town has been searching for it ever since, and this search is a hundred years!
Now the entrance to the relics has some eyebrows, at this time if the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance are all lured over, and the relics are discovered, the Qi family town’s efforts of the past hundred years will be in vain!