After entering the room, nothing that was done inside would be probed and nothing that was said would be heard!
Chen Ping was puzzled, selling an Immortal Spirit Stone was just a matter of selling an Immortal Spirit Stone, was it necessary to be so mysterious?
He even got into shielding formations!
Not long after, a middle-aged man with a somewhat bloated figure walked in and then sat down opposite Chen Ping and the others!
“Missy, the immortal spirit stone has arrived?”
That middle-aged man asked to Missy!
“Uncle Qian, it was in my hands, but it was snatched back, and I was almost captured.”
The youngest sister said regretfully!
“Since the Immortal Spirit Stone didn’t arrive, what are you doing here?”
That Uncle Qian frowned and said with a somewhat chastising voice!
“Uncle Qian, although that Immortal Spirit Stone didn’t arrive, I still have other Immortal Spirit Stones here!”
The youngest sister said, taking out the Immortal Spirit Stone that Chen Ping had given her, and then continued, “And this friend of mine also has Immortal Spirit Stones on him, and also wants to sell them to you!”
It was only when Missy said this that that Uncle Qian noticed Chen Ping and then sized him up!
Just as Chen Ping was somewhat wondering why this guy kept looking at himself, suddenly a divine sense enveloped towards him!
This was to probe himself, and Chen Ping did not spoil him!
Instantly, his Divine Sense exploded and directly blocked the other party’s Divine Sense back, then Chen Ping’s Divine Sense directly entered that Uncle Qian’s body and probed that Uncle Qian!
When Chen Ping’s divine sense entered that Uncle Qian’s body and probed it once, Chen Ping’s brows frowned slightly, but soon loosened!
This was because Chen Ping found that deep within this Uncle Qian’s body, there was actually the aura of a human race!
One must know that this Beast City did not allow races other than the Beast Race to enter!
And this Uncle Qian in front of him, although the surface was a beast race aura, deep within his body, he was hiding a human race aura!
And that Uncle Qian’s face was very ugly at the moment, his eyes staring at Chen Ping in death!
He did not expect that Chen Ping’s divine sense was so powerful!
He had to know that he was a Mahayana Realm 4th Grade cultivator, while Chen Ping was only a mere 9th Grade of the Ferrying Realm!
Although this Divine Sense could not completely rely on the realm to divide the strength, but with such a large difference in realms, his own Divine Sense should not be so unbeatable!
Moreover, Chen Ping’s Divine Sense had already entered his body and probed, which caused that Uncle Qian’s eyes to be filled with killing intent!
Chen Ping could also sense the sudden appearance of a murderous aura on that Uncle Qian’s body, and it looked like the other party was going to kill and silence him!
And the youngest sister on the side still knew nothing, staring blankly!
“This fellow Taoist, although the shielding formation in your room is able to conceal some of the breath leakage, but if you make a move, you can’t hide this formation.”
“You know the rules of Beast City better than I do, so I advise you to think twice ……”
Chen Ping said to that Uncle Qian with a smile!
Once Uncle Qian heard that, the aura that had risen from his body slowly fell, and that killing intent gradually disappeared!
“What are you doing here with me?”Uncle Qian asked!
“Selling Immortal Spirit Stones!”Chen Ping said!
“Uncle Qian, don’t worry, we are really selling Immortal Spirit Stones, and it’s also Chen Ping’s first time entering Beast City, he doesn’t know anything.”
The youngest sister on the side also realised that something was wrong at this moment, so she hurriedly said!
Uncle Qian nodded, then took the Immortal Spirit Stone in the youngest sister’s hand and glanced at it and said, “Five Purple Gold Spirit Coins ……”
“Uncle Qian, such a large Immortal Spirit Stone, shouldn’t it have been worth seven Purple Gold Spirit Coins in the past? How come it’s become five now?”
Missy frowned slightly and said!
“Before was before, now is now, the checks have been stricter lately.”
“You go to the official major purchase points, this Immortal Spirit Stone of yours is worth a maximum of three Purple Gold Spirit Coins!”
Uncle Qian said!
The youngest sister bit her lip, and finally said helplessly, “Okay, sold to you ……”
After Uncle Qian directly threw five Purple Gold Spirit Coins to the youngest sister, he casually threw the Immortal Spirit Stone into his storage bag!