“No, don’t come over, Xiaoyu, I’m wrong, don’t come over, I’ll give you back your golden pills, I’ll give you back ……”
Wan Hong seemed to have seen something terrible and was begging for mercy!
And a hand fiercely grabbed towards his abdomen, blood spurted out, and Wan Hong pulled out a golden pellet directly from his own body!
The golden pellet emitted a faint glow, while Chen Ping reached out and took it from that Wan Hong’s hand!
Chen Ping handed the golden pellet to Hu Pazzi, for it was the golden pellet of that Little Jade!
Hu Ma Zi looked at the golden pellet in Chen Ping’s hand, his eyes filled with a complicated look!
Slowly, he stretched out his hand and took the golden pellet, and after a moment’s hesitation, he opened his mouth and swallowed it into his stomach!
A familiar feeling struck Hu Pazzi’s whole body. At this moment, it was as if he had seen the woman who had betrayed him, but whom he loved so much!
Hu Ma Zi reached out his hand and gently stroked it in front of him, as if that Xiao Yu was right in front of his eyes!
All this was because of Chen Ping’s spiritual power, which he used in order to get that Hu Pocky to untie himself of this knot in his heart!
Soon, Hu Ma Zi’s face was covered in tears as he gently embraced the air in front of him!
Chen Ping felt that the time had come, so he slowly withdrew his spiritual power!
“Xiaoyu …… Xiaoyu ……”
Hu Ma Zi shouted reluctantly, but Xiao Yu in front of him still disappeared!
On the other hand, Wan Hong, on the other side, was also looking at Xiao Yu in the same panic, he was expecting Xiao Yu to disappear in front of him!
If Xiao Yu was still alive at this moment and saw such a scene, I wonder what she would feel!
“Ah …………”
Wan Hong, who had come to his senses, looked at the bloody appearance of his chest and instantly roared in pain!
Looking at his hand, he instantly understood that what he had just seen in front of him was all an illusion, all controlled by Chen Ping’s spiritual power!
So it seemed that Wan Hong was still too far behind Chen Ping, even in comparison to his spiritual power!
“You still have something to say now?”
Chen Ping said as he looked coldly at that Wan Hong.
At this moment, Wan Hong was already convinced in the face of Chen Ping and lowered his head, “Please, please spare my life, as long as you spare my life, I am willing to work for you as a cow and a horse ……”
“Spare you?” Chen Ping slowly looked towards Pocky Hu, “Master Hu has the final say ……”
Wan Hong froze and looked at Pockmarked Hu with a frightened expression!
But without waiting for that Wan Hong to say anything, Hu Pocky had already rushed up in an aggressive manner.
“Wan Hong, I want to take revenge for Xiao Yu ……”
With that, Pocky Hu slapped his palm at Wan Hong!
At this moment, Wan Hong was already seriously injured, how could he dodge it, he was hit by Hu Ma Zi’s palm and died with his brain burst!
Seeing Wan Hong dead, the anger in Hu Pazzi’s body instantly dissipated!
“Luckily you didn’t destroy his body, otherwise it would have been a pity to have the golden pellet inside him ……”
Chen Ping said, and with a direct wave of his palm, Wan Hong’s corpse exploded as if it were a bomb!
A golden pellet was instantly thrown into the air, while Chen Ping caught it steadily!
Although Chen Ping was already a Grand Martial Marquis, even if he swallowed Wan Hong’s golden pellet, his strength would not increase much, but it was still better than nothing!
Now Chen Ping was afraid that he would have to swallow the Golden Elixir of a Martial Martial Marquis or even a Martial Saint in order to increase his strength!
Zheng Kai, who was watching quietly from the sidelines, his legs had long since gone weak!
He was glad that he had listened to his father, if he was still following Chen Ping at this point, then he would definitely not have survived either!
Now Zheng Kai began to admire his father for being able to quickly adjust his thinking and choosing to follow Chen Ping when the odds were against the Zheng family!
Now it seemed that this decision was absolutely the right one, even if he lost the 10,000-year medicinal herb and befriended Chen Ping, it would definitely be worth it!