“I have no problem with that ……” Chen Ping nodded his head!
“Okay then, I will order someone to prepare a pot for you ……”
Pao Yukun said, he wanted to order someone to bring Chen Ping a pot, but he was stopped by Chen Ping!
“No, I’ll bring my own cauldron ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping took out the divine Peasant Cauldron from the storage ring!
The moment the divine Peasant Cauldron appeared, Baoyu Kun instantly froze, his eyes rounded, looking at the divine Peasant Cauldron in disbelief!
“Is this …… the divine Peasant Cauldron of the legendary Pill Maker God?”
The woman’s body trembled slightly because of the excitement.
“It’s just a fake, you don’t need to be so excited ……”
Chen Ping, looking at the state of Qiao Yuqun, explained casually!
“Fake?” The moment he heard that, his excitement disappeared instantly, and then with a wave of his hand, a furnace censer flew to his face.
“How can you say that you’re the Lord of the Medicine God Valley and you’re using a fake cauldron?
He said with disdain.
Chen Ping only smiled slightly and did not have an explanation, he only said, “Shall we begin then?”
“Yes!” Pao Yuk-kun nodded his head!
But at that moment, Yue Buqun stopped him and said, “No, this is too unfair to Brother Chen, you still need to find the herbs yourself.
“And as the head of the Pill Refining Sect, you can know where the herbs you need are with your eyes closed, which is to your advantage right from the start!”
“Then I can be half an hour late, so that’s fair, right?” Pao Yuqun said.
“No, you’re half an hour late, I’ve already practised my potion, what’s the point of comparing?”
Chen Ping waved his hand and said.
“Although it is only a third-order elixir, how can it be practised in half an hour?”
Pao Yuqun snorted coldly and said.
“Just because you can’t, doesn’t mean we can’t ……”
Chen Ping finished his speech and said directly to Yue Buqun, “Patriarch Yue, you can be the judge, let’s take the time now!”
Yue Buqun wanted to persuade Chen Ping, but seeing Chen Ping’s confident face, and thinking of the explosion of the Three Living Stones, Yue Buqun knew that Chen Ping was an extraordinary man, so he wanted to see what other skills Chen Ping possessed!
“Let’s get started ……”
Yue Buqun took a look at the time and then said!
After the start, Pao Yukun leapt and ran directly to the peaks on either side of the Pill Refining Sect, which were covered with medicinal herbs.
Chen Ping, however, did not move, but stood quietly with his eyes slightly closed, sniffing hard at the air!
After a few moments, Chen Ping opened his eyes and disappeared like lightning!
Soon after, Chen Ping and Bao Yu Kun returned at almost the same time, both bringing back the exact same herbs needed to make the pills!
The two men returned with the same herbs and they were identical!
But the astonishment on his face only faded for a moment, and then he put the herbs into the furnace, and with a push, the flames burst into flame and began to burn under the furnace!
With a push, the flame burst into flames and began to burn under the pottery!
After putting the herbs into the Divine Peasant Cauldron, a light blue flame pulsated in Chen Ping’s hand and then he threw the flame directly into the Cauldron!
The herbs began to burn fiercely under the light blue flame, and as they burned, the divine Peasant Cauldron emitted a golden light.
After only a few moments, the herbs inside Chen Ping’s divine Peasant Cauldron emitted a fragrant aroma.
The fragrance was proof that the elixir was almost finished, which amazed Bao Yukun!
“A real Divine Peasant Cauldron, how dare you say it’s fake?”
The eyes of Pao Yuk-kun were full of greed as he looked at the Divine Peasant Cauldron