“Don’t talk nonsense.” Ji Cheng glared at Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling, then said “You two, take them to the living room to rest, I’ll go find father.”
After Ji Cheng finished speaking, he left, while the two sisters, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling were still sizing up Ji Yun, their eyes filled with vigilance!
“Eldest sister, second sister, I’m really a member of the Ji family.” Ji Yun was a little uncomfortable by the two looking at him!
“Stop, don’t shout at us like that first, my elder brother is a loyal person, he’s often cheated, but trying to cheat us two sisters, it’s simply impossible.”
“Whether you’re a member of the Ji family or not, there’ll be a way to see in a moment, come with us!”
Ji Meiyan said, turned around and walked towards the front, Ji Meiling also hurriedly followed!
Ji Yun could only look at Chen Ping and the others with an awkward smile, then followed!
The two led the way in front, their stance was so light that it was as if they were floating on the ground!
Just as they passed by a rockery, flowers and plants, the two looked at each other and suddenly turned towards the side of the rockery!
Just when Chen Ping and the others chased after them, the silhouettes of the two were long gone!
“Huh, where is everyone?”
Ji Yun said in a daze!
“Ji Yun, it seems like these two sisters of yours are not to be messed with, you have to be careful.”
Fire Phoenix smiled towards Ji Yun and said!
Ji Yun’s face was filled with embarrassment, he didn’t expect this to happen just after returning home!
“The front should be the living room, let’s go there ourselves!”
Ji Yun said awkwardly!
The three of them walked towards the house in front of them, but after the three of them walked for half a day, they realised that no matter which way they went, they would surprisingly end up returning to this wigwam, and could not go in front of the house at all!
Ji Yun wanted to try and fly over, but realised that there was a prohibition inside the courtyard, and there was no way to fly at all!
“What’s going on here?”
Ji Yun asked with a confused look on his face!
“This Ji family’s courtyard is too big, we actually got lost and couldn’t walk out.”
Fire Phoenix sighed as she looked at the flowers and grasses around her!
“We’re not lost, but we’ve entered an illusion formation.”
Chen Ping poked around and then dumbly laughed!
He did not expect that someone would lay an illusion formation inside his home’s courtyard!
However, this was good, at the very least, this illusion formation could protect the house owner’s safety, if someone broke into the mansion, they would inevitably fall into the illusion formation, which gave the house owner time to prepare!
“These two sisters are so bad, they even brought us into the illusion formation!”
Fire Phoenix said with some unhappiness!
This time, Ji Yun became even more somewhat embarrassed and could only say with a red face “Miss Fire Phoenix, I’m really sorry ah ……”
“It’s none of your business, it’s all because those two sisters of yours are too bad.”
Fire Phoenix huffed and said!
“It can’t be said to be bad, maybe the two of them are more cautious.”
Chen Ping knew that before they came, someone must have impersonated the Ji family as well!
After all, it was not a secret that the oldest member of the Ji family had eloped with someone!
“Master, you can break this illusion formation, right?”
Fire Phoenix asked!
“Break open?” The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly “If I just break open this illusion formation, then it would appear that I am too unlevelled.”
The fire phoenix looked at Chen Ping with that look and instantly understood what Chen Ping was going to do!
He was going to transform the illusion formation, when the people of the Ji family entered this illusion formation, they would not be able to walk out without Chen Ping’s hand!
At this moment, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling were sitting in the hall eating!
“Sis, do you think Big Brother will chastise us if he knows we did this?”
Ji Meiling asked with some concern!
“Don’t worry, these people must have also come over to cheat for food and drinks, big brother is loyal and always trusts people easily.”
“Wait for him to invite father here in a while, we’ll release these people, by then the truth will come out, how can big brother still chastise us.”
Ji Meiyan said full of concern!