A fierce fist shot up into the sky!
The Fist of Holy Light, it dared to break apart even the sky!
This is no longer an ordinary move, or an unyielding will, a supreme battle intent!
The combination of fist intent is unparalleled in its power!
Boom!
A shocking explosion, as if the sky was about to tear apart, a fierce impact that instantly splashed out in all directions!
“Miss Ji, quickly lead the men back to the palace ……”
Chen Ping roared loudly at Ji Ruxue!
Chen Ping knew that the battle between him and Zhou Tianyin was bound to have a great aftershock, and these people of the Red Lotus Palace were afraid that they would not be able to withstand it.
“Chen Ping, I …………”
Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Ping nervously, she knew the strength of Zhou Tianyin and was afraid that Chen Ping was no match.
“Retreat, if you stay here, you will only distract me, retreat far away ……”
Chen Ping looked at Ji Ru Xue, his eyes full of anxiety.
Seeing this, Ji Ru Xue finally gritted her teeth and led the people of the Red Lotus Palace to retreat one after another.
They could only watch the battle between Chen Ping and Zhou Tianyin from afar.
The initial tentative exchange of blows caused smoke and dust to roll around the place where Chen Ping was standing, like a sandstorm raging!
The entire Red Lotus Palace shook, as if it was about to collapse at any moment.
The power of two Martial Marquises battling against each other was simply too great.
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s body rose up from the ground and rushed straight towards the back of the mountain.
He wanted to draw the Seal of Zhou Heaven away from him in order to prevent the battle from destroying the entire Red Lotus Palace.
This was Ji Ru Xue’s heart and soul, and it was also the habitat of these Red Lotus Palace disciples.
If it was destroyed, I was afraid that it would not be able to be built up in a short time.
“Humph, want to escape?”
Zhou Tianyin snorted coldly, then he chased towards Chen Ping.
In a flash of silhouette, Zhou Tianyin abruptly appeared in front of Chen Ping.
Zhou Tianyin’s body emitted an incomparably cold aura!
Even Chen Ping shuddered in the face of this aura!
Without any unnecessary nonsense, Zhou Tianyin directly smashed his fist fiercely towards Chen Ping’s body.
With this punch, the sound of thunder shook, the heavens and the earth changed colour, and the terrifying scene seemed like the end of the world.
Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min looked at the terrifying scene on the hill behind them, all clenching their fists to death, worrying for Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping emitted golden light all over his body, his Incorruptible Golden Body was brought into play to the utmost, and the power of the divine Dragon continued to spread outwards.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping met it with a fist, and a terrifying fist power instantly erupted.
Boom!
The overwhelming and incomparable auras of the two instantly collided together, emitting an earth-shattering sound.
The whole mountain began to shake, debris flying everywhere, the ground shaking!
And within the cave at the back of the mountain, there was a man dressed in black, sitting cross-legged in the cave, with charms plastered all around the cave, as if he was setting up some kind of spell formation.
But this sudden shaking caused the cave to also have rocks falling down, and the spell formation that had just been laid out, became in pieces.
The man in black frowned: “What’s the commotion that’s so loud? Could it be that someone has found their way here?”
The man in black got up and his figure instantly scurried out of the cave, then hid behind a boulder.
When he saw Chen Ping, an expression of surprise pa*sed through his eyes.
At this moment, Chen Ping was in an unbearable mess.
He could only see that his head was dishevelled, his body was covered in dust, and there was a smear of blood at the corner of his mouth, so he was obviously injured.
Moreover, his legs were sunken into the ground by more than a foot!
The ground around his feet was covered in dense cracks, looking appalling!
“You have some skills, but this is not enough! Kneel down and die!” Zhou Tianyin’s eyes were cold as he suddenly took a step forward, his body exploding with a terrifying aura like an abyss!
Incredibly powerful, unfathomable and unrivalled!
Chen Ping only felt that a huge mountain was pressing down on his head, trying to make him kneel down!
The terrifying pressure made his body tremble.