The two pieces of thunder tribulation clouds were equal, and the thunder tribulation clouds used flashing lightning, Chen Ping’s looked even more violent yet!
Just when the crowd was a little surprised as to how Chen Ping, a Transition Realm Fourth Grade Breakthrough, had attracted such a powerful thunder tribulation cloud, the thunder tribulation rumbled down!
Rumble …………
Chen Ping’s thunder tribulation and that Huo Dong’s thunder tribulation came down almost simultaneously!
Regardless of whether it was Chen Ping or that Huo Dong, at this moment, they had no other thoughts and were focused on resisting the thunder tribulation!
However, Huo Dong had the Divine Flame Seal in his hand, which could help him withstand some of the power of the thunderbolt!
After all, the opportunity for Huo Dong’s breakthrough was because of the Divine Flame Seal!
At this moment, a thick golden thunder tribulation continuously bombarded Chen Ping’s body!
And there were constant flashes of lightning on Chen Ping’s body, but it seemed that Chen Ping did not use any of his aura to resist this thunder tribulation!
Allowing the lightning tribulation to bombard his body and then slowly disappear!
“What is Junior Brother doing? Why isn’t he resisting the lightning tribulation as well, is this to use his flesh to harden against it?”
“It might go up in smoke!”
Wei Qing saw this and said in surprise!
But they didn’t know that Chen Ping had already possessed a lightning origin long ago, and that his physical body had also reached a very strong point!
This thunderbolt bombarding Chen Ping would only cause Chen Ping to increase the tempering of his fleshly body!
There was also a portion that would be absorbed into Chen Ping’s own Origin Star!
This was why Chen Ping did not fear the lightning tribulation in the slightest!
Huo Dong, on the other hand, was filled with flame Qi all over his body, at the same time, the Supreme Fire in the Divine Flame Seal continued to spread, breaking apart that thunder, Huo Dong was resisting the Thunder Tribulation, he was following Chen Ping in a completely different way!
At this moment, Huo Dong’s clothes were windless, his entire body was blooming with flame aura, the entire person was like a fireman!
Huo Dong’s body was suspended in mid-air, constantly welcoming the thunderbolt, the whole person was like a god of war!
On the contrary, Chen Ping was sitting on his knees on the ground, constantly being bombarded by the lightning tribulation, his clothes were all shattered by the tribulation, and he looked tattered and torn, very unbearable!
In such a comparison, there was no way for Chen Ping to follow Huo Dong!
However, no one knew that Huo Dong was resisting the lightning tribulation while Chen Ping was utilising it!
The two were not even on the same level!
The one who really couldn’t compare was that Huo Dong!
It was only on the surface that Chen Ping appeared to be in a sorry state!
Huo Dong looked down at Chen Ping, and seeing Chen Ping’s wretched appearance, he couldn’t be happier inwardly!
Along with Huo Dong’s triggering, a thunderbolt was continuously heading towards Chen Ping!
Huo Dong then bombarded Chen Ping with his own thunder tribulation!
Chen Ping would definitely not be able to carry the Thunder Tribulation of the Mahayana Realm!
When Chen Ping saw that Huo Dong had triggered the lightning tribulation to bombard him, he was already happy inside!
It just so happened that he could absorb this Mahayana realm’s thunder tribulation, the power of lightning within each of these thunder tribulations, that was inexhaustible!
Rumble …………
Above Chen Ping’s head, the thunder tribulation was constantly flashing, while Chen Ping slightly closed his eyes and did not move.
No one knew whether Chen Ping was dead or alive, but under a lightning tribulation of this intensity, the possibility of being able to live was not very high!
After an unknown amount of time, the thunder tribulation cloud above Huo Dong’s head slowly dissipated!
In the sky, a divine light poured down, and Huo Dong’s entire body was bathed in that divine light!
“Breakthrough, my son has broken through ……”
“Hahaha …………”
“Bullish ……”
Huo Yuan Ting knew that Huo Dong had passed the Thunder Tribulation when he saw that divine light!
This was the sight of glorying in the Mahayana Realm!
A palm-sized golden dao heart continuously flashed in front of Huo Dong’s chest!
This was the most obvious sign of a breakthrough to the Mahayana Realm!
When Huo Dong possessed the Dao Heart, he was also distinguished from other ordinary cultivators.
Above the Ferrying Realm, it could be called a heavenly ladder to ascend to the Heavenly Realm.
After the Mahayana realm is the Immortalisation, at this time, the cultivator is already considered an immortal, just waiting to ascend to the Heavenly Realm!
The Ferry Realm was a hurdle, and many cultivators were stuck at the Ferry Realm, making it difficult to break through to the Mahayana Realm!