At this moment, many martial artists were shocked to see that Chen Ping had directly fought against his opponent’s hammer with his bare hands, and looking at Chen Ping, he didn’t seem to be in any trouble!
The Third Elder gritted his teeth, he couldn’t let anyone see that his arm was injured, otherwise it would be too humiliating!
“Kid, I didn’t expect you to have some skills, I only used 30% of my power, but you took it ……”
The Third Elder opened his mouth, trying to save his own face!
“You just used 30% of your power?” Chen Ping pretended to be surprised, “I only used 10% just now, but now I’m going to use 30%, depending on how much you use.”
After saying this, Chen Ping once again bullying his way forward, without any flashy moves, just a fierce punch, smashing towards the Third Elder!
Feeling the terrifying wind coming at him, the Third Elder’s face had already turned into a panic!
Just now he was just bragging, but now Chen Ping’s punch seemed even more fierce than the one he had just thrown!
“Shake the heavens and move the earth ……”
The three elders shouted out loudly and then clashed their hammers together.
Boom …………
With a loud bang, the crowd saw a cloud of dust and dirt, and the rocks around them all crumbled.
When the smoke and dust slowly cleared, everyone almost dropped their jaws!
The Third Elder was in a state of disarray, and only one of the hammers in his hands was still in his hand.
The Third Elder was dumbfounded, looking at the hammers in his hands, and his eyes almost fell out in shock!
“Hmph, how dare you speak so shamefully?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly and kicked the Third Elder out!
The Third Elder’s body instantly flew backwards and his mouthful of blood arced in the air!
The other Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples were dumbfounded, staring at Chen Ping in a daze, not daring to move!
Chen Ping walked towards the Third Elder step by step. When the Third Elder saw Chen Ping walking towards him, he said with a face full of fear, “You, what are you doing?”
Chen Ping stepped forward, stepped on the Third Elder’s chest and asked in a cold voice, “Who killed those martial artists in your Heavenly Thunder Sect?”
The Third Elder took a look at the mutilated bodies of the martial artists on the ground, his eyes dodging, not knowing how to answer!
He couldn’t just give up Tong Youzui, after all, Tong Youzui was the second young master of the Heavenly Thunder Sect!
When he saw the Third Elder’s eyes dodging, Chen Ping’s foot pushed so hard that the Third Elder’s chest instantly collapsed!
Blood instantly gushed out of his mouth, and the Third Elder’s expression became very painful!
“I …… I said, I said …………”
“It’s our Second Young Master, the Second Young Master killed all these people.”
The Third Elder was so scared that he could only speak out.
“Tong Youcai?” After all, Tong Youcai was not very powerful, so he was sent to the Kunlun Mountains to look for the relics of the Water Fairy Palace, but according to reason, Tong Youkong should have been sent.
“Where is Tong Youzhe?”
Chen Ping asked in a cold voice.
“The Second Young Master has gone down into the cave, the relics of the Water Fairy Palace may be inside the cave.”
The Third Elder did not dare to hide anything and spoke truthfully.
“I’ve told you everything, please don’t kill me, don’t kill me ……”
The third elder begged to Chen Ping.
The many martial artists who saw this pleading look of the Third Elder could not help but feel a wave of contempt.
The so-called martial gods are all just nonsense.
“If I don’t kill you, won’t those martial artists have died for nothing?”
With a cold flash in his eyes, Chen Ping stomped down with one foot!
A mouthful of blood spurted out from the Third Elder, and his life breath declined rapidly, eventually disappearing!
The remaining Heavenly Thunder Sect disciples were so scared that they almost peed their trousers and turned around and ran! -They turned and ran!