“I didn’t expect your body to be so strong ……”
When Xiahou Dun finished speaking, he casually grabbed his hand and a huge sword condensed with black Qi appeared in his hand.
“Chop ……”
Xiahou Dun did not move, but the giant sword condensed in his hand began to grow larger and slashed towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s face changed as he likewise took the Chopping Dragon Sword and fiercely picked it upwards, and the two sword qi collided viciously into each other.
Rumble …………
A violent explosion rang out as Xiahou Dun’s sword slashed fiercely at Chen Ping’s shoulder.
Chen Ping’s body was like a tarzan pressing down on him, half of his body instantly plunged into the ground. Looking at Chen Ping’s shoulder, at this moment, even though he had taken the Body Tempering Pill and his body was comparable to a bronze wall, a deep wound still appeared.
The flesh at the wound was turned outwards, and bright red blood flowed outwards, the scene was unbearable!
Seeing Chen Ping’s injury, Xiao Lan let out a cry of shock, and the others were all watching nervously, although they were anxious, they could do nothing, they wanted to help, but they were afraid that they could not even break the big net laid by that Xiahou Dun.
Chen Ping looked at his wound, blood kept dripping down.
Tick, tick …………
Chen Ping could not feel the pain, it was just the crimson blood that seemed to have stirred Chen Ping’s fighting spirit.
And before the drops of blood fell low to the ground, they were all surprisingly sucked away by the Chopper Dragon Sword.
When Chen Ping’s blood touched the Dragon Cutting Sword, the flame that had been extinguished on the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly rose up as if it had been poured with petrol.
The hot flames reflected Chen Ping’s resolute face. Although he was wounded, there was not a trace of panic in Chen Ping’s eyes, there was only a fervent fighting spirit.
“Fire Dragon Scroll …………”
Chen Ping shouted angrily, his body abruptly pulled up from the ground, and the Zeng Long Sword in his hand drew in the air.
Roar …………
In mid-air, surprisingly, a red-colored fire dragon appeared, and the fire dragon let out a burst of dragon roar as it headed towards Xiahou Dun.
Xiahou Dun coldly snorted, the huge black sword in his hand instantly dissipated and turned into a shield, blocking it in mid-air.
The fire dragon hit the shield and instantly disappeared, while Xiahou Dun leapt up and smashed down viciously towards Chen Ping.
Boom …………
Chen Ping’s body was sent flying and then hit the ground heavily, smashing the ground into a big crater.
Chen Ping only felt his whole body aching, and the spiritual energy in his dantian was almost empty. Chen Ping lay on the ground and looked at the azure sky.
“Is he going to die like this?” Chen Ping was unaware that the figures of his parents appeared before his eyes, and the figure of Su Yuqi appeared.
“No, I can’t die, I haven’t found my real parents yet, I don’t know my origin yet, I still have to go to Nameless Island ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and got up from the ground with difficulty.
Seeing that Chen Ping was scared to get up, Xiahou Dun’s eyes couldn’t help but show a bit of admiration, it was already like this, Chen Ping was still alive and had the will to get up.
“You kill yourself, in front of me, you don’t have the slightest chance of winning ……”
Xiahou Dun said coldly.
After a few exchanges, Xiahou Dun knew that Chen Ping’s body had long been empty of energy and was incapable of fighting him at all.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, propped himself up on the ground with his dragon chopping sword and stared at Xiahou Dun with a deadly stare, he was not going to kill himself.
Buzzing …………
A buzzing sound rang out as a stream of spiritual energy was being channeled into Chen Ping’s body from within the Zeng Long Sword.
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, and was immediately overjoyed, he did not expect this Chopper Dragon Sword to channel spiritual energy to himself.
At the beginning, when he was cultivating in Pan Long Bay, the spiritual energy from a large cart of spirit stones was almost all sucked away by the Zeng Long Sword, Chen Ping was still complaining a little at that time, but he did not expect the Zeng Long Sword to channel its own spiritual energy to Chen Ping at this critical moment.
“You still want to fight with me?” Xiahou Dun saw Chen Ping not committing suicide and said with a grim face.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but only greedily sucked the spiritual energy within the Dragon Chopper Sword.