“Dad, that boy …………”
“You shut up.” Not waiting for Xiao Lei to finish, Xiao Yan gave a fierce glare, scaring Xiao Lei from saying anything else!
“Uncle Xiao, that Chen Ping I know too well, there is no background power, we have been together since college, her father used to be a civil servant, now he has long been fired and sweeping the streets, you should not be intimidated by him!”
Geng Shanshan tidied up her clothes and said to Xiao Yan.
“What the hell do you know!” Xiao Yan coldly glanced at Geng Shanshan, “A woman’s opinion, if it wasn’t for you, Lei’er wouldn’t have become the way he is now, he is simply a sweeper!”
Xiao Yan finished his sentence and left straight away, Xiao Yan was actually against the wedding between Xiao Lei and Geng Shanshan, after all, the two families did not match, but I don’t know what this Geng Shanshan used to charm Xiao Lei, so much so that Xiao Lei had to marry her!
Geng Shanshan was scolded by Xiao Yan and her face turned red for a while, but she did not dare to refute a word, to marry into a rich family, this was the price.
“This dead Chen Ping, I will not be able to spare him!”
After Xiao Yan had left, Geng Shanshan gritted her teeth and said!
She did not dare to do anything to Xiao Yan and Xiao Lei, and could only take her grievances out on Chen Ping!
…………
At the Gu family residence, the three of them, Gu Man Tian, Lin Tian Hu and Chen Ping, were having a happy meal!
The people at the side of the house looked at Chen Ping at a young age, but he was sitting with the two biggest figures in Hongcheng and laughing, they were all envious!
“Mr. Chen, today is just a casual meal, tomorrow I will host a banquet at the Regal Hotel and invite everyone from the political and business circles in Hong Kong to attend, I want to introduce Mr. Chen in person ……”
Gu Wentian said with a bold face.
Gu Mantian’s meaning was obvious, it was to pave the way for Chen Ping, after this feast, I’m afraid no one in Hongcheng would dare to provoke Chen Ping.
Chen Ping wanted to refuse, he did not want to make too much noise, he only wanted to concentrate on his cultivation and wait for the 15th of July!
But before Chen Ping could say anything, Lin Tianhu said, “Then I would like to thank Ancient for Mr. Chen, with Ancient’s introduction, it will be much easier for Mr. Chen to act in Hongcheng!”
Seeing that Lin Tianhu had agreed for himself, Chen Ping did not say anything else, but nodded slightly and said, “You are most welcome, Ancient!”
After the three of them exchanged a few more pleasantries, Chen Ping and Lin Tianhu left!
“Hall Master, my subordinate has just agreed to the invitation for Hall Master, I hope Hall Master will not be blamed, although our Heavenly Dragon Hall Gathering Hall Hall is developing rapidly and our power is expanding, but out of Hong City, we are now having difficulty in moving an inch, and there are still quite a few powers eyeing this part of Hong City, so we can only keep strengthening our network of connections! ”
In the car, Lin Tianhu whispered after Chen Ping as he explained!
Chen Ping faintly stared, “Aren’t you the emperor of the land in Hong Cheng? Does anyone else dare to go against you?”
Chen Ping didn’t understand, Lin Tianhu was the sky in Hongcheng, apart from the political figures, who would dare to mess with Lin Tianhu!
Lin Tianhu was embarra*sed when he heard this and said, “Hall Master, that is just ordinary people’s boasting, in addition to us, there are also the Red Dragon Gang and the Star Moon Sect, and there are countless other small forces in Hongcheng. I’m afraid I’m no match for him now!”
Chen Ping looked at Lin Tianhu, he could see that Lin Tianhu hadn’t had a particularly good time over the years, the scenery in the eyes of outsiders was only superficial, people like them could have their lives in danger at any time!
“If anyone is looking for trouble with you, just look for me directly!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Since the Gathering of Righteousness Hall was a hall under himself, Chen Ping certainly couldn’t ignore it!
Lin Tianhu was overjoyed, “With these words from the Hall Master, I am not afraid of anything, when the Hall Master steps in, even the ghosts and gods will give way, let alone a mere Feng Sihai!”
When Lin Tianhu saw Chen Ping destroy those nine grievous dragons today, he was also inwardly shocked and admired him to the core!
Chen Ping smiled, he didn’t expect this Lin Tianhu to be good at kissing a*s!