Chen Ping did not wait for that Qiu Yu to finish his words, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand had already made a smooth chop!
Poof!
One of Qiu Yu’s men was directly cut off at the waist by the Dragon Sword, and did not even have time to scream!
Chen Ping’s sudden strike caused Qiu Yu and the remaining cultivators to tense up!
Several people hugged into a ball and looked at Chen Ping in horror!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, used his Dragon Slashing Sword to remove the Beast Pill from the slain cultivator’s body once again!
After removing the Beast Dan, Chen Ping then turned his gaze towards Qiu Yu and the others!
This scared these few people!
One by one, they turned their heads and ran, knowing that as long as they ran into the middle of the Beast City, they would be able to be saved!
However, just as they turned their heads, they felt a strong wind coming, followed by incomparably sharp sword blades that slashed through their bodies!
The bodies of several cultivators were also instantly chopped off, because they were running too fast, so much so that while their lower halves were still running, their upper halves had long since separated and fell to the ground!
This horrifying scene directly scared Qiu Yu to the point that his legs were so weak that there was no way he could be moving at all!
Chen Ping once again took out the beast dan from those cultivators and looked at Qiu Yu with cold eyes!
At this moment, only Qiu Yu was left alone!
The extreme fear caused Qiu Yu to start trembling all over!
“If you didn’t chase me out of the city, I hadn’t thought of killing you in the city, but I didn’t expect you to come out on your own to send yourself to death.”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice to that Qiu Yu!
“Don’t, don’t kill me, if you kill me, you will also die a horrible death.”
“My father won’t spare you, my brother won’t spare you either, my brother is a famous sword cultivator in Beast City, the sword in his hand is much faster than yours.”
Qiu Yu wanted to use his family’s strength to threaten Chen Ping not to kill himself!
“You are threatening me?”
Chen Ping’s eyes turned cold, then a sword blade travelled towards Qiu Yu at a very fast speed!
Puff!
The sword directly penetrated through that Qiu Yu’s chest before nailing him to the ground!
Qiu Yu only felt a wave of pain coming over him, and his eyes became even more fearful, but he couldn’t move at all, and could only look up into Chen Ping’s ice-cold eyes!
“I am a person who dislikes being threatened the most.”
Chen Ping held the Dragon Beheading Sword as he looked down at the pierced Qiu Yu!
Although Qiu Yu was pierced through, he was not yet dead, after all, he was a Mahayana realm cultivator, this sword could not kill him yet!
Moreover, Chen Ping did not intend to kill Qiu Yu at once with this sword strike!
He intended to torture this Qiu Yu fellow for a while before doing so!
Chen Ping pulled out the Dragon Slashing Sword and then swung it out, cutting off Qiu Yu’s legs!
The current Qiu Yu became legless!
With blood pouring out, Qiu Yu screamed miserably!
The screams resounded all around, but the surroundings were silent without a single response!
It was estimated that there were passing cultivators who saw this horrific scene and had long since run away in fear!
After all, it’s not a matter of concern, no one wants to cause trouble!
While looking at Qiu Yu’s painful appearance, Chen Ping smiled!
The current Chen Ping was already slowly integrating into the rule of the weak and the strong in the Celestial Realm!
There was no other way to make the other party afraid of them other than cruelty and strength!
Convincing people with virtue, that was just a fabrication made up by the secular world in order to control the minds of the masses!
In this Celestial Realm, it simply didn’t apply!
Qiu Yu looked at his chopped off legs, at this moment, he was regretting his life, regretting why he messed with Chen Ping, regretting why he chased out of the city!
For the sake of the so-called face, I am now afraid that I will even have to take my life!
Although Chen Ping had chopped off both of Qiu Yu’s legs, he had no intention of letting him go, he knew that this kind of villain, once he returned alive, he would surely retaliate madly, so he had to cut off the roots before he could do so!
“Seeing that you are in so much pain, I will give you a pain!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Beheading Sword was about to chop down in a smooth manner!
“Stop!”A furious shout rang out!
Immediately followed by a dozen figures coming in a hurry from the distance, the leader was none other than Captain Zhou, the prison guard!
His tall body made it possible to see him from a long distance!