“Auntie Wang, it’s me who asked Han Han to join a colleague’s party together, tomorrow I’ll bring Han Han to our company for an interview ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly followed Wang Changfeng and explained!
“You don’t need to explain to me, what you take Han Han for, I’m all at ease, even if the two of you spend the night outside, Aunt Wang I won’t say a word about it ……”
Wang Changfeng’s eyes were full of deep meaning as she looked at Chen Ping and said!
This made Chen Ping a little embarra*sed, Wang Changfeng was too daring!
“Mom, what are you talking nonsense about?” Wang Han Han blushed and hurriedly dragged Wang Chang Feng away!
After taking two steps, Wang Han Han even forgot to look back at Chen Ping. After this incident today, Wang Han Han’s love for Chen Ping had increased a lot!
Early the next morning!
Chen Ping took Wang Han Han with him to the company, but it was time to go to work, but no one came, Chen Ping took Wang Han Han and waited for more than half an hour before he saw some employees coming one after another!
They all had black eyes, and it looked like they had played too late last night and couldn’t get up this morning!
As for Cui Zhiyuan, he waited until after ten o’clock before he arrived with a yawn, and once he sat down in the office, he made himself a cup of tea!
“What time is it, is this how you go to work?”
Chen Ping pushed the door into the office and asked at that Cui Zhiyuan.
This company was Su Yuqi’s, so it was his own, these people were late for work, of course Chen Ping was not happy about it!
Cui Zhiyuan was slightly stunned, and then burst out in anger, “Chen Ping, who are you? Don’t forget I’m the manager, you’re in charge of me, don’t take a look at yourself. ……”
Just as Cui Zhiyuan was yelling, Sun Xiaomeng walked in with Wang Hanhan: “What are you doing? Getting angry early in the morning?”
“This Chen Ping doesn’t know the sky is the limit, he even cares about me being late, what a joke!” The corner of Cui Zhiyuan’s mouth lifted, “Chen Ping, your task today is to get a third of your group’s accounts up, if you can’t get them up, work overtime by yourself tonight ……”
Cui Zhiyuan was using his position to give Chen Ping a downward spiral, so that Chen Ping would know what he was capable of!
Chen Ping coldly smiled, turned around and walked out, not to mention the third of the accounts, Chen Ping wants all the money owed up, he doesn’t like people owing him money!
As Chen Ping walked out, Sun Xiaomeng asked Cui Zhiyuan to give Wang Hanhan an induction and a*signed him to his own team!
It could be seen that Sun Xiaomeng liked Wang Hanhan a lot.
In fact, Sun Xiaomeng is not a very bad person, she just carries a bit of a missy temper and looks down on people a bit, but from the way Sun Xiaomeng treats Wang Hanhan, we can also see that Sun Xiaomeng is not bad!
After Cui Zhiyuan finished dealing with Wang Hanhan’s induction, he leaned back in his office chair and fell asleep. Last night they played until the early hours of the morning and came home and washed his wet trousers, so he went to bed late!
Just as Cui Zhiyuan was sleeping, Xing Jun, the company boss, pushed the door and walked in, seeing Cui Zhiyuan sleeping, Xing Jun’s brow frowned slightly!
“Don’t you know how to knock when you enter the office?” Cui Zhiyuan, who was sleeping, was woken up by the sound of the door being opened, and before his eyes opened, he yelled in a somewhat unpleasant manner.
In the sales department, he was the emperor of the land, so there was nothing to fear!
When Cui Zhiyuan finished, he saw that no one answered, so he opened his eyes and was looking at Xing Jun looking at himself, scaring that Cui Zhiyuan fell off his chair at once!
“Xing …… Xing, you …… why are you here?”
Cui Zhiyuan was in a panic, Xing Jun rarely came to the sales department, I don’t know how he suddenly came today!
Xing Jun just glared at that Cui Zhiyuan, did not scold him, but through the office window, looking at the people working outside, but Xing Jun’s eyes were only placed on Chen Ping!