Chen Ping hurriedly blocked his eyes, then slowly looked over and realised that this was already the end of the cave!
And at the end there was a clearly visible stone door, which was painted with various paintings that Chen Ping could not see either!
“There really is a life here ……”
Seeing that stone door, Chen Ping could be sure that someone was living here!
Carefully walking over, Chen Ping pressed his hand on top of the stone door before a spiritual energy was injected into it!
Chen Ping wanted to try and see if there was any mechanism within the stone door, he wouldn’t dare to push the door open rashly!
After noticing that there was no mechanism in the stone door, Chen Ping pushed the door open!
After the stone door, there was a small stone room, which was filled with all kinds of treasures, which were vivid and radiant!
Moreover, these treasures all carried an extremely rich flame Qi!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded at the sight of these treasures, he didn’t know if these treasures possessed the flame qi because they had been here for years and years, or if they had been there from the beginning!
And in the middle of these treasures, on a one metre square green stone platform, there was actually an old man sitting!
This person was dressed in green clothes, his body was already thin and frail, his grey hair hung down to his shoulders, and his body was sprinkled with a weak aura!
However, Chen Ping could tell at a glance that the old man in front of him with a faint aura was not a living person, but a remnant soul!
It was only under the light of these treasures that it looked as if a living person was sitting there!
“Who are you?”
Chen Ping asked to the old man!
The old man slowly raised his head, although his breath was weak and his figure was slim, his eyes carried a sharp colour!
“That should be me asking you, who are you? How did you appear here?”
The old man asked to Chen Ping!
“I am Chen Ping, a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect!”
Chen Ping said!
After all, this old man did not know Chen Ping either, so there was no need for Chen Ping to hide his identity!
The reason why he said that he was a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect was because he felt that this old man in front of him, following the Purple Flame Sect, must have a relationship!
Sure enough, after Chen Ping said that he was a disciple of the Purple Flame Sect, the sharp eyes of the old man became much softer!
“Who is the sect master of the Purple Flame Sect now?”
The old man asked!
“Huo Yuanting’s acting Sect Master!”Chen Ping said!
“Huo Yuanting?”The old man frowned slightly, then slowly shook his head, “I don’t remember, it’s been too long, I’ve been here for too long ……”
After saying that, the old man’s gaze was placed on Elder Tu behind Chen Ping!
At this moment, Elder Tu was only left with his torso, and his entire body was in a miserable state!
“People from the Ghost Face Sect, how did people from the Ghost Face Sect appear here?”
The old man saw Elder Tu and was visibly tinged with anger!
“That Huo Yuan Ting colluded with the people from the Ghost Face Sect, wanting to get the Divine Flame Seal and sit on the position of Sect Master.”
Chen Ping explained!
“Asshole ……,” the old man burst out when he heard that!
With this cry, the old man’s own scrawny body was almost not shaken apart!
This is a wisp of residual soul, pretending to be a living person only, this anger, the residual soul almost dispersed, if it is dispersed, it will be completely finished!
Seeing the old man so enraged, Chen Ping hurriedly asked, “Senior, I wonder who you are? Why did you appear here?”
“Me?”
The old man was stunned, then smiled miserably, “I founded this Purple Flame Sect, I am the first Sect Master of this Purple Flame Sect, Hong San.”
“The first Sect Master?”Chen Ping was taken aback!
He did not expect that he would meet the first Sect Master of the Purple Flame Sect here!
Chen Ping had thought that this old man might be one of the Violet Flame Sect’s Sect Masters, who had accidentally been caught in this void rift as well, and then entered here!
I never thought that it would be the first Sect Master!
It was just that the name of this first Sect Master was a little too random!