However, it was as if these cultivators did not know how to get tired, they stood up again and again, charging again and again until they were exhausted.
Only one cultivator was seen holding a long sword, its body glittering with cold light, his figure was like the wind, lightly travelling through the enemy group.
His swordsmanship was like flowing clouds and water, suddenly as fast as lightning, suddenly as soft as a willow, each swing of his sword could bring up a piece of harsh sword wind, forcing the enemies around him back a few steps.
At the same time, another cultivator wielded a huge battle axe, he was incredibly powerful, and every swing of his axe seemed to shake the earth.
The battle axe drew a blazing trajectory in the air, bringing up air currents that swept up all the surrounding dust, creating a chaotic battlefield.
The two cultivators crossed paths in the air, and the collision between the sword and the axe emitted a deafening roar, as if even the sky was trembling.
The shockwaves from the collision spread in all directions, forcing all the surrounding cultivators to retreat.
And around here, the battles of the other cultivators were just as intense.
Some people cast powerful spells, invoking the power of the heavens and earth to form a sea of fire, a domain of ice or a sea of thunder, drowning their enemies in it.
Some people relied on their superb body skills to weave freely through the enemy group, searching for a break and delivering a fatal blow.
On the battlefield, the rays of various spells intertwined together, forming a colourful curtain of light.
Within this curtain of light, the figures of the cultivators appeared and disappeared, and every encounter was filled with thrills and excitement.
There were constantly cultivators falling, losing their lives forever!
More cultivators preserved their souls, and then were led by Jiang Yulian of the Soul Demon Sect to urgently start remoulding their flesh!
Chen Ping looked at those fallen cultivators, and his entire body reddened!
In today’s battle, the only way Chen Ping could stand up to those fallen cultivators was to kill that Mu Qing!
Mu Qing also had scarlet eyes, and at this moment, both sides had killed red-eyed!
“Die ……”
Chen Ping and that Mu Qing all turned into a stream of light, ruthlessly crashing towards each other!
Right now, it was either you or me!
There was not the slightest room for retreat!
When Chen Ping and Mu Qing were about to collide together, suddenly everything around them seemed to stop!
Immediately after that, a heavenly voice slowly came, “The old man has been in seclusion for hundreds of years and is about to ascend to Immortality, yet he is being disturbed by a bunch of ignorant children like you.”
“Simply damned, did you think that just because the old man hasn’t shown his face for hundreds of years, you don’t put the old man in your eyes?”
Accompanied by a grey-robed old man standing above the void with his hands in the air, everyone only felt their breath tighten as they fell down from that mid-air!
Even the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace fell to the ground, breathing hard under the pressure, and had no choice but to kneel down on one knee!
“Domain …… Domain Lord, Lord Lord of the Southern Domain?”
A silhouette of the Mu Family Head looked at the grey-robed old man in front of him in shock!
“You don’t honestly cultivate, you even sacrificed your soul to come and join in the fun, roll back!”
The grey-robed old man gently waved his hand!
A volatile purple qi was waved out from his hand, followed by the Mu Family Head’s silhouette disappearing in an instant!
While at this moment, the Mu Family Head, who was in seclusion in the Mu Family, was spitting blood from his mouth and his face was pale!
“How did I provoke Lord Domain Lord, damn it ……”
The Mu Family Head wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, it seemed that such a long time of closed-door cultivation was considered to have been in vain!
And in the Guanghan Palace, everyone felt the shocking heaven and earth pressure, the void was lightly trembling, gusts of wild winds whistling!
Many cultivators with low cultivation levels had already fainted from this pressure!
Even more cultivators had their heads lowered and were shivering!
Even experts of the Mahayana Realm like Chief Liu and the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace were pale with fear in their eyes, not daring to look directly at that Southern Domain Domain Master.
Chen Ping struggled to tilt his head up and looked at that Southern Domain Domain Lord, he wanted to see what the person who was in charge of a side of the region was really like!