Shen Ji Zi, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping from the side, covered in cold sweat!
He was aware of what Chen Ping’s strength was.
A mere third rank of the Transition Realm, and he dared to speak after a ninth rank of the Transition Realm Grand Cultivator like this?
This was really not afraid of death!
“Kid, if you have the ability to show your strength, let me see what ability you have to say such words!”
Mu Yao suppressed the anger in his heart and said to Chen Ping!
If Chen Ping really was also at the ninth level of the Transition Realm cultivation, this Mu Yao might have tempered himself.
“Why do I need to show my strength, I only need to show my financial strength, you can raise the price if you have the ability to do so, if you don’t have any more money, then stop beeping here!”
Chen Ping said nonchalantly!
He was almost killed by that Elder Mu, so of course Chen Ping would not be polite when facing the Mu family!
“Kid, you seek death ……”
Mu Yao could no longer suppress it and instantly headed towards Chen Ping, tearing through the void with a single claw.
He was trying to force Chen Ping to make a move, so that the aura on Chen Ping’s body would be exposed and his strength would be revealed!
Just as Chen Ping was about to strike, a figure suddenly blocked in front of Chen Ping!
Immediately following a boom, instantly the two forces collided together, the void trembled and the entire house instantly collapsed!
Along with the collapse of the house, the barriers on everyone’s bodies disappeared and their auras were all revealed, including their faces!
Fortunately, these people were all cultivators, and the collapse of the house did not cause any casualties, but this auction could not be opened!
However, when everyone saw Chen Ping, who was only at the third level of the Ferrying Realm, they all froze!
How could a Third Grade Cultivator say what he just said?
Facing a 9th ranked cultivator of the Transitional Appearance realm, he did not panic in the slightest!
Could it be that there was a backstage!
Even that old Yang was a little surprised when he saw Chen Ping’s strength!
Mu Yao, on the other hand, was filled with anger, he really didn’t expect that he would be fooled by a small cultivator of the third rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm!
“Fellow Daoist Mu, I hope you can give me a thin face and not make a move here!”
Old Yang said to that Mu Yao!
Mu Yao shook his somewhat numb arm and glared fiercely at Chen Ping, “Kid, I’ll wait for you outside, I’ll see if you can hide here for the rest of your life!”
Since he had already seen Chen Ping’s true face, Mu Yao was not afraid of Chen Ping running away!
A small cultivator of the third rank of the Ferrying Realm, he could crush him with a hook of his finger!
But here, he had to give face to Old Yang, after all, Old Yang was a strong person at the peak of the Transitional Appearance Realm, and he knew that he was no match at all!
Mu Yao turned around and left with a flutter of his sleeve!
Old Yang, on the other hand, gave the folding fan to Chen Ping, who painfully paid for it!
“Gentlemen, now that the auction is over, I’m really sorry for the hiccups that have occurred.”
“I would also like to ask you all to leave quickly so as not to get into unnecessary trouble!”
Old Yang said towards the crowd!
Now that the identity scent was exposed, if it was targeted by someone with a heart, it would definitely cause trouble!
Moreover, Old Yang’s words were also addressed to Chen Ping!
He told Chen Ping to leave this place as soon as possible, Old Yang did not want to offend that Mu Family for Chen Ping!
“What are we going to do?”
Shen Ji Zi asked with some fear!
That Mu Yao must be waiting for them outside, if they went out like this, wouldn’t Chen Ping be finished!
Shen Ji Zi was also afraid that he would be involved, after all, he was with Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, that guy can’t kill us, not to mention I still have this treasure in my hand!”
Chen Ping shook the folding fan in his hand!
This folding fan would definitely have no problem blocking that Mu Yao’s attack!
“Kid, although this folding fan was made by the Lu Ban Pavilion, it has long since become old, and I’m afraid that it won’t be able to withstand a few more attacks.”
While Chen Ping was holding the folding fan, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch probed it himself and then said!