“It’s me ……”
Just as Chen Ping wanted to make a move, Patriarch Luo’s voice came over!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned and looked at Patriarch Luo in disbelief, not understanding what Patriarch Luo was doing sneaking around to find himself!
Associating it with Patriarch Luo’s deliberate forcefulness when he shook hands with himself, Chen Ping knew that Patriarch Luo must be up to something!
“Patriarch Luo, what is your business?”
Chen Ping asked in a low voice!
Patriarch Luo looked around and whispered “Let’s find a hidden place ……”
Chen Ping nodded and brought Patriarch Luo into the cave, ordering the two Holy Maidens to guard the entrance!
At this point, Patriarch Luo was slightly relieved and looked at Chen Ping and said “Fellow Daoist, I am actually cooperating with you because I want you to help me ……”
“Help you with what?”
Chen Ping asked suspiciously!
Looking at Patriarch Luo’s realm, he had already reached the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, Chen Ping did not know what else he could do to help him!
“This time when I came to the Polar Regions, Hai Dafu’s few people have already moved to kill me, and the last time I let you go from the five great clans, they already had a grudge against me.”
“Now that I’ve broken through to the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, they’ve already discussed and joined forces to kill me.”
Patriarch Luo said with an ugly face!
“They want to kill you?
If you know, why did you still come?”
Chen Ping was very curious as to why Patriarch Luo still came to the Polar Regions since he knew!
Patriarch Luo let out a bitter smile “I was forced to do nothing, if I didn’t come, Patriarch Chen would have died without a doubt ……”
“The three of them gave the Tianchen Sect’s Patriarch Chen a poison pill to make Patriarch Chen co-operate with them.”
“If I don’t come and don’t pretend I don’t know anything, they will definitely go after Patriarch Chen.”
“Is this what Patriarch Chen told you?” Chen Ping asked!
Patriarch Luo nodded “He was the one who secretly told me，I can see it myself.，Hai Da Fu and the others moved to kill me.”
“The reason they haven’t done it yet，I want to find the place where the Immortal fell.，In getting rid of me.”
“They possess no possibility of finding the place where the Immortals fell.” Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Why?” Patriarch Luo froze!
“Because there’s no such thing as an Immortal Fallen Land here, it’s all a lie, the real resources of the Polar Lands are the Polar Stones, and this kind of thing is useless to the other sects and families.”
“Within this Polar Region, only the Guanghan Palace followed by the Mu Family needs the Polar Stones, everyone else who came here was tricked into coming.”
Chen Ping told Patriarch Luo the true situation!
“So that’s how it is, then I have heard of the Mu Family, it’s just that this Broad Cold Palace, I’ve never heard of it before!”
It was normal for Patriarch Luo to have never heard of the Guanghan Palace, it had only just been restored after the Guanghan Palace was destroyed, and following the five great clans that were separated by tens of thousands of miles, it was reasonable that he had not heard of it!
“Patriarch Luo, then how do you intend for me to help you? Let’s join forces together and get rid of those three?”
Chen Ping asked!
Chen Ping also had hatred towards the three Hai Da Fu, so Chen Ping would not hesitate to kill them!
But Patriarch Luo shook his head “Not yet, we need to find an opportunity, there are quite a few disciples under their door, if we really make a move, we are bound to kill each other, it will be very miserable.”
“I want to find an opportunity to get rid of these three people, don’t hurt the disciples under the door!”
Chen Ping heard Patriarch Luo’s words and understood what he meant, Patriarch Luo did not want to hurt the disciples of the five great sects!
After all, they were all from the same clan and origin in the past, as long as the Hai Dafu trio were removed, the disciples under the sect would naturally be under the management of Patriarch Luo!
“Alright, find the opportunity to do it in.”
“But you can secretly tell that Patriarch Chen that I can think of a way to detoxify the poison in his body so that he doesn’t have to worry.”
Chen Ping said to Patriarch Luo!
Patriarch Luo nodded happily, if Patriarch Chen’s poison was detoxified, then their side would be even stronger, and by then, Hai Dafu’s trio, wouldn’t be able to make any waves!