“Ah …………”
Chen Ping, who was in the middle of cultivation, suddenly cried out miserably, and then violently opened his eyes!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body had long been soaked through, and he was panting heavily.
The beast pills within the palace had already been absorbed by Chen Ping for the most part, but it was not very obvious for Chen Ping’s strength to grow.
The amount of spiritual qi Chen Ping needed for cultivation now had reached a perverse level!
Even if there were thousands of beast pills here, the spiritual qi that was gathered together would hardly allow Chen Ping’s strength to increase.
“Did it just happen to be a dream?”
Chen Ping wiped the sweat from his forehead as his eyes stared intently at the mermaid statue on the throne.
After catching his breath for a little while, Chen Ping’s whole body began to emerge with golden light, casting the Unbreakable Golden Body to protect his body, this place felt too dangerous for Chen Ping.
Chen Ping then walked up to the palace door and took a few deep breaths before slowly pushing the door open with force!
The gate slowly opened, and the scene outside was just as Chen Ping had thought it would be!
There were armours everywhere, and mutilated weapons, while the beast pellets that covered the entire ground signified how many demon beasts had died here.
“Could it be that it wasn’t a dream? It was all real?”
“This is the City of Ultimate Bliss?”
Chen Ping was very shocked inside!
Soon, Chen Ping’s gaze was drawn to a pair of white armour.
“Xiao Ru ……”
Seeing that white armour, Chen Ping’s eyes lit up!
Although after thousands of years of baptism, all the other armours and weapons were in disrepair, this white armour was as shiny as new!
Chen Ping looked at the white armour and trembled slightly, then slowly squatted down and picked it up gently, the armour had long been empty, even the bones were not there.
If it wasn’t for the messy weapons and armour, as well as the beast pellets on the ground, Chen Ping wouldn’t have imagined how tragic things had happened here.
Just as Chen Ping was holding the white armour in his hand, he was at a loss for words, when suddenly the white armour flashed white and flew out of Chen Ping’s hand.
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping was instantly frozen, this white armour, as if it had a soul, actually started to move on its own!
If it was a spirit weapon that had its own spirit and could have its own consciousness, Chen Ping could still accept it!
But how could such a suit of armour suddenly move on its own?
The armour moved quickly towards the outside of the palace, and Chen Ping couldn’t think too much about it, so he hurriedly followed it.
The armour seemed to be looking for something!
After leaving the palace, the entire City of Ultimate Bliss was still in its original form, exactly the same as what Chen Ping had seen in his dream!
Only inside this ancient City of Ultimate Bliss, there was no longer a human aura, and there was a dead air everywhere.
Despite the abundance of spiritual energy, it still gave people an eerie feeling!
The white armour weaved through the streets, and Chen Ping quickened his pace to follow at a deadly pace.
“Where the hell are we going?”
Chen Ping muttered in a small voice.
But soon, there was a man standing in the middle of the cold, gloomy street, not moving at all!
When Chen Ping saw someone, he also directly froze for a moment, but very soon, the whole person acted very shocked!
He saw that the white armour had actually flown directly to that person’s body and was directly put on.
Chen Ping hurriedly ran over, and what caught his eyes was Xiao Ru!
At this moment, Xiao Ru’s whole body was still wrapped in frost, but the whole person still kept the same appearance as at the beginning!
“Xiao Ru, Xiao Ru ……”
When Chen Ping saw that it was surprisingly Xiao Ru, he shouted out in excitement.
No wonder he couldn’t find Xiao Ru on the Locked Dragon Island, he didn’t know when but she had arrived at this place.