On the ship going back, Long Wu and Chen Ping stood on the deck, feeling the sea breeze on their faces.
“You entered the competition for the Guardian Pavilion in such a high profile, this will expose your identity too quickly, I see that the Dragon Family is already concerned about you, do they know that you are the person they are looking for?”
Long Wu asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping shook his head, “I’m not sure, but I should have met with that Long Jingguo!”
“What?” Long Wu’s face was shocked, “Long Jingguo has approached you?”
“He was right under the stage during the ring match, although he was wearing a hat and mask, but I could feel it was him ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Long Wu frowned slightly, “Bad, since you can sense that it’s him, he must also be able to sense your aura and bloodline, he should just be confirming your identity, and now the Dragon Family most likely knows your identity.”
Long Wu’s face was full of worry, now although Chen Ping’s strength was now very strong, but there was no way to compare with the whole Long Family, if Long Jingguo knew Chen Ping’s identity and sent someone to deal with Chen Ping, Chen Ping would not have the ability to resist at all.
“There is nothing to be afraid of, soldiers will come to stop the water and it will be fine ……”
At this time, Chen Ping was open-minded, things had come to this point, and he could only see it as he went along.
“It can only be so, but you now belong to the Protector Pavilion, although the Protector Pavilion is not strong, but after all, it belongs to the official, if you in can be rewarded by the upper echelons, maybe the Dragon Family will not dare to do anything to you!”
Long Wu analyzed.
Chen Ping nodded, he also thought the same way, with his own strength not allowing him to get away from so many clans and families, he could only temporarily attach himself to the official family.
However, the strength of the Dharma Guardian Pavilion was still too small, and although Zhao Wuji was the Lord of the Dharma Guardian Pavilion, he did not have much power, and those sectarian families did not look down on the Dharma Guardian Pavilion.
In order to attach himself to the official family, Chen Ping had to make friends with the upper echelons of the hierarchy, and relying on Zhao Wuji alone, he feared that it would be difficult to really introduce him to the big shots.
At this moment, Chen Ping suddenly remembered a person, that was Chang Yuanjun, the one who helped Chen Ping’s son to be cured when he first came to the capital, maybe with the help of Chang Yuanjun, he could be able to follow the upper level contacts and temporarily use the strength of the official family to make these clans and families give up chasing him for the time being.
“Uncle Long, now that you’ve given all your kung fu to Yu Qi and Ling’er, what do you do next?”
Chen Ping asked.
“What else can I do, find a place to revert to and live my life in peace ……”
Looking into the distance, there seemed to be resignation in Long Wu’s eyes, but it was more of a helplessness.
“Have you thought of where to go? Or you go to Hongcheng, I have a house there and more acquaintances, live peacefully and steadily, I’ll give you a pension ……”
Long Wu is all for Chen Ping, only to become like this, Chen Ping inwardly is very sorry.
“Good, I’ll live a peaceful life in that tiny city of Hongcheng.”
Long Wu nodded, which made Chen Ping happy, he had been afraid that Long Wu would not want to go.
Soon the ship docked, it was still dark at this time, and the crowd waiting for the result on the shore was a little surprised to see the ship suddenly come back.
No one expected the ship to come back so quickly. The competition was for three days and it would be nice to be able to return after three days, but it had only been just one day and the ship had returned.
Zhao Wuji and Anna rushed over to see what had happened and why the ship had sailed so quickly.
Only after seeing Chen Ping and Andrew disembarking safely did Zhao Wouji and Anna breathe a sigh of relief.
The island chief, who was also waiting at the pier, did not see Ichiro Watanabe disembark with his men for a long time, and his face instantly turned extremely ugly.