However, Chen Ping did not react this time, but held Zhong Li and resisted.
Zhong Li also suffered from the thunderbolt, but had firm eyes!
The two kissed deeply and forgot everything ……
Thunder tribulation after thunder tribulation struck Chen Ping, who had long since lost all feeling!
He was completely caught up in Zhong Li’s demeanour!
I don’t know how long it took, but the thunder tribulation finally stopped and slowly dispersed!
And Chen Ping and Zhong Li were still in a divine embrace!
It was only after a long time that Chen Ping followed Zhong Li to separate, and the aura of both of them had unexpectedly changed!
Not only had Chen Ping survived the lightning tribulation and raised his realm, even Zhong Li had raised his strength by a considerable amount!
“Zhong Li, thank you, if it wasn’t for you, I’m afraid that it wouldn’t have been easy to get through the lightning tribulation this time.”
Chen Ping said as he gently caressed Zhong Li’s face!
“Master, if it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have been able to raise my strength this high.”
“In the future, if I can stay by my master’s side for eternity and serve him night after night, I will be satisfied.”
Zhong Li said with a faint smile!
“Don’t worry, I will never let you get hurt again in the future!”
Chen Ping assured with firm eyes!
Zhong Li nodded, and then Chen Ping left the Dragon Beheading Sword!
When Chen Ping landed in front of Sword Elder and the others, Sword Elder and the others were stunned!
It was because the aura emanating from Chen Ping’s body had an earth-shattering change!
Surprisingly, he had directly elevated from the seventh rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm to the ninth rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm!
According to Chen Ping’s appearance, ascending to the Mahayana Realm was just around the corner!
“Mr Chen, I didn’t expect that you would be able to ascend two realms in a row, and with this kind of overlapping thunderbolt, you were even able to resist it without being injured.”
Sword Elder said in shock!
“Overlapping thunder tribulation? I raised two realms?”
Chen Ping stared blankly, and then his body’s aura erupted, and with a wave of his hand, the entire Sword Washing Pool directly erupted with an appalling aura!
The water in the Sword Washing Pool erupted ten thousand metres high!
The Iron Hammer Masters and the others outside were startled, and they dodged into the distance one after another!
They did not know what horrors were in this Sword Washing Pool!
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with surprise, he didn’t expect that he had directly risen to the ninth rank of the Transition Realm!
“It seems that the sword intent within this Sword Washing Pool has really helped a lot ah……”
Chen Ping secretly said in his heart!
In addition to the sword intent of the Sword Washing Pool, there was also that Seven Coloured Immortal Pill given by Daoist Wuji, all of which helped Chen Ping greatly in raising two realms this time!
The first time Chen Ping came to the Refining Sect, he had finished absorbing the sword qi in the Sword Washing Pool!
This time, he had finished absorbing the sword intent in the Sword Washing Pool again, but fortunately, he had helped repair the formation!
The power of the Sword Washing Pool was still there, and the Weapon Refining Sect was not so bad that the reputation of weapon refining was in tatters because of the Sword Washing Pool!
Chen Ping followed Sword Elder and the others and rushed out of the Sword Washing Pool!
Seeing Chen Ping come out of the Sword Washing Pool, Master Iron Hammer and the others were very happy!
Especially when they saw that Sword Elder, as well as those Alchemy Sect Elder Sect who had searched for Sword Elder’s disappearance were still alive, the Alchemy Sect crowd were all excited.
“Sword old man, who was it that just transited through the Sword Washing Pool, and that thunderbolt cloud that came was too terrifying.”
Iron Hammer asked at Jian Lao!
Sword Old Man then looked at Chen Ping, smiled faintly and did not speak!
Iron Hammer looked towards Chen Ping, the aura within Chen Ping’s body directly shocked Master Iron Hammer!
That terrifying thunder tribulation just now, it was actually Chen Ping who was transmitting the tribulation, this was something that none of them had thought of!
“Mr Chen, thank you for helping to find Sword Elder, and for saving these elders of our Alchemy Sect, I hope that you will be able to stay in the Alchemy Sect for some more time.”
“Also let the Sword Elder help you repair that Dragon Cutting Sword, making the Sword Spirit recover as well!”
Iron Hammer said to Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping shook his head and said, “Master Iron Hammer’s good intentions, I appreciate it, the Dragon Chopping Sword has already absorbed a large amount of sword intent and has completely recovered.”
“I still have things to take care of, so I can’t stay for long, but if there is something in the Alchemy Sect, I am absolutely obliged.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he immediately ordered Ji Yun to prepare the dirigible and left the Alchemy Sect.
Chen Ping had been worried about the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, if that Demon Sealing Alliance brought people to exterminate that Xiao Imperial Dynasty again, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was afraid that it would be very difficult to resist.