“Bah, you bad hombre, old lady doesn’t want to see you yet.”
That flame woman spat towards the big man!
And at this moment, the youth who was blocking the main difficulty, holding a folding fan in his hand, slowly shook it and said, “Alright, don’t make any noise, in a moment, let the prey should laugh at our four famous catchers.”
Chen Ping and the others listened to the bickering of the few people outside the dirigible.
“How did we get past these four guys territory ……”
Song Tianhai spoke up at this moment!
“Hall Master Song, you know these four people?”
Chen Ping asked!
“These four guys are all demonic cultivators and are also psychopaths, occupying the land in this part of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, they have always been known as the Four Famous Constables.”
“It means that there is no one that the four of them can’t deal with, and there is no one that the four of them can’t catch.”
“Many people won’t pass through these four guys’ territory in order to avoid unnecessary trouble.”
Song Tianhai said with a disgusted expression!
“Nervous?”
Chen Ping could not help but laugh.
Obviously, this Song Tian Hai was deliberately being sarcastic towards these four guys, just based on the formation just now, forcing the dirigible to stop, it proved that the four guys were not bad in terms of strength!
“I’ll go down and meet these four psychopaths!”
Chen Ping said, about to walk off the blimp!
“Mr Chen, we’ll accompany you!”
Luo Shouhai and also the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man said!
“No need, the four of them can’t do anything to me yet, if I’m really not a match for the four of them, it’s not too late for you guys to go out!”
Chen Ping said, opened the door and walked down!
When they saw that it was just a small cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, walking down from within the blimp, the four of them became even more arrogant!
“Kid, are you alone in the blimp?”
Seeing Chen Ping walk down, the brown man asked!
“You rude guy, in scaring the little brother.”
The flame woman glared at the brown man, then approached Chen Ping with a smile on her face, “Little brother don’t be afraid, sister protects you, you tell sister, inside the blimp, what other people are there?”
“Inside the blimp is just myself ……”
Chen Ping said!
“You fart, how is it possible that such a big airship, just yourself?”
The old man also cracked his mouth!
“I’m sure it doesn’t matter even if it’s just my little brother.”
The Flame Woman twisted her body and kept throwing winks towards Chen Ping, “In a moment, if you accompany your sister to have a good time, she will let you go.”
Looking at that Flame Woman’s appearance, Bai Shallow and Flame Phoenix on the blimp were about to be infuriated!
“b*tch, too damn b*tchy!”
Fire Phoenix cursed angrily!
“I’m going down there to get her killed, look at that head scratching, it’s so damn humiliating.”
Bai Shao also cursed.
“What does sister rely on to protect me?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at the flame woman!
“Of course it’s this!”
Only to see that Flame Woman’s eyes, a flame instantly shot out from within her eyes, and the flame pulsed at the Flame Woman’s fingertips, just like an elf!
“Playing with fire? I so want to be able to!”
Chen Ping snapped his fingers, and an ethereal flame rose!
Soon, the flame turned into a crimson eye colour, followed by white!
Changing several colours in a row, it startled that Flame Woman!
“How do you …… you know about to fire?”
The flame woman asked as she looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
“I don’t know how I know it either.”
Chen Ping smiled nervously!
“Flame Lady, what are you bothering with him for, tell him to pull out everything of value and then open the airship for us to inspect.”
The brown man said with some impatience!
Flame Woman, on the other hand, was staring at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, and suddenly a flame was swung towards Chen Ping!
The flame trailed a long stream of light, heading straight for Chen Ping’s door!
Flame Woman knew that the transformation of Chen Ping’s several types of Supreme Flames just now, it was completely evident that Chen Ping was not as harmless as he appeared on the surface!
It was extraordinary for a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm to possess several types of Supreme Flames!