But just as they walked out of the pedestrian street, they were greeted by five or six youngsters, several of whom had obviously been drinking and had a drunken look.
One of them, a young man wearing a plaid suit with a middle parting, had his eyes instantly straightened after seeing Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, looking straight at the two of them.
Feeling this youth’s gaze, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er displayed a look of disgust, then bypa*sed the youths and continued to walk forward.
“Two little beauties, where are you going? Brother has a car to take you guys ……”
The young man in the plaid suit stopped Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, said with a lecherous look, and casually pressed the car keys, and a Ferrari not far away flashed up its lights.
“Get lost ……”
Su Yuqi frowned and said in disgust.
“Yell, the little beauty has quite a strong temperament, it’s the type my brother likes ……”
The young man in the plaid suit said, about to make a move on Su Yuqi.
Su Yuqi coldly snorted as an aura erupted from her body!
The youth in the flower-checked suit immediately felt a huge push that directly pushed him out a dozen meters away and fell heavily to the ground.
With this, the other few guys instantly sobered up and looked at Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er in surprise.
One by one, they all rubbed their eyes, unable to believe what had just happened.
None of them had just seen Su Yuqi make a move, but their companion had flown out, it was like seeing a ghost alive.
A few people ran over and helped the guy in the plaid suit up, and then looked at Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er in horror.
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, on the other hand, smiled coldly towards a few people and continued to walk forward, and as they pa*sed that Ferrari, Su Yuqi gently slapped out a palm!
Only to see that Ferrari instantly deflate, as if it had been hit hard by a heavy object!
At this moment, the few guys were all dumbfounded and hadn’t even reacted until Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er’s figures were gone.
“Hahahaha, it was so good just now, you didn’t see the look of those fools, it was so funny ……”
Su Yuqi laughed out loud.
“Yu Qi, didn’t Chen Ping explain that in this kind of downtown area, it’s best not to use your breath when dealing with these ordinary people, why did you forget that!”
Gu Ling’er asked at Su Yuqi.
“It’s okay, I didn’t just kill anyone, I just taught that guy a lesson!”
Su Yuqi said without a care in the world.
Just as Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were walking out of the downtown area and approaching the outskirts, several auras suddenly surrounded the two people.
Immediately afterwards, four black-clad masked men blocked the way!
Feeling the aura from the four men, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er’s faces instantly turned ugly!
“Who are you people?”
Gu Ling’er asked as she looked at the four men.
One of the masked men did not pay any attention to Gu Ling’er, but looked directly at Su Yuqi and said, “You come with us ……”
“Who the hell are you people? Who is she to go with you?”
Gu Ling’er blocked in front of Su Yuqi.
“We don’t want to make a move, it’s wisest to follow us obediently ……”
A cold aura flashed in the masked man’s eyes, followed by an instant surge in his aura several times, instantly making Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er look like they had been casted with a fixation spell, neither of them could move, like they were being pressed down by a huge mountain.
“Don’t hurt Ling’er, I’ll go with you!”
Seeing this, Su Yuqi hurriedly said.
She knew that the two of them were no match for the four men in front of her, the difference in strength was too great!
The masked man waved his hand, and instantly the two men stepped forward and put Su Yuqi under control, followed by a slight vertical movement, and his figure instantly disappeared into the darkness.
Only after these people had left did Gu Ling’er feel the pressure on her body disappear, and then with an anxious face she swept towards the Shadowless Villa!