Zhao Wuji looked at the dozens of people in front of him and also looked puzzled, “Master Ge, it’s not like you don’t know Mr. Shi’s temper.”
“Only he can summon you to see him, how can anyone just see him, even I can’t see Mr. Shi easily.”
“With my status, I am not even qualified to pour tea and water for Mr. Shi!”
Although Zhao Wuji was the Lord of the Dharma Guardian Pavilion, but he, the Lord of the Dharma Guardian Pavilion, was nothing in front of Mr. Shi!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, Mr. Shi has been in the Dharma Protecting Pavilion for a while now, I’m sure you’ll have a solution ……”
At this moment, Dong Liqun stepped forward and pulled out a delicate folding fan from his arms, “Pavilion Master Zhao, this is an heirloom of our Dong family, so help us out ……”
Dong Liqun stuffed the folding fan into Zhao Wuji’s hand!
“Master Dong Family, you don’t need to do so ……”
Zhao Wuji returned the folding fan, then sighed and said, “Mr. Chen hasn’t helped me much either, I’ll give up today, I’ll go find Mr. Shi ……”
Zhao Wuji gritted his teeth and intended to go directly to Mr. Shi.
But just as Zhao Wuji turned around, he saw Xing Jun walking out!
“Captain Xing, they ……”
Seeing this, Zhao Wuji hurriedly went up to follow Xing Jun and said.
After all, Xing Jun was the person beside Mr. Shi and could say something!
Before Zhao Wuji could finish his sentence, Xing Jun interrupted him by waving his hand, “Mr. Shi said, let them all go in ……”
As soon as the crowd heard this, they were overjoyed and poured towards the Guardian Pavilion!
Soon, Mr Shi’s parlour, was already packed with people!
And Mr. Shi himself was sitting in the main seat, gently sipping his tea, as if he could not see the dozens of people in front of him!
The dozens of people facing Mr. Shi were all breathing heavily, and no one dared to speak!
Even though Mr. Shi did not have any aura bursting out from his body at this moment, they still felt a lot of pressure when facing Mr. Shi!
Mr. Shi didn’t say anything either, and the entire parlour fell into a dead silence, with only the sound of everyone’s rapid breathing!
Only when Mr Shi finished his cup of tea did he raise his eyes to look at the crowd!
When they felt Mr Shi’s gaze, many of them lowered their heads!
Mr Shi’s gaze swept over the crowd and finally lingered on Xiao Ru and also Wu Mei Er for a moment, but quickly moved away.
“Alright, everyone but a few girls should go out, I know you’re all here about Chen Ping.”
“Let him sort out his own business ……”
Mr Shi waved his hand!
Seeing this, Ge Fuhai and the others were about to open their mouths and beg Mr. Shi, but when they saw his gaze, they were so scared that no one dared to speak!
As for Pocky Hu, he hid at the end of the crowd, not even daring to look at Mr. Shi!
Soon the crowd was invited out by Xing Jun, leaving only a group of girls still standing in the same place.
These girls didn’t understand why Mr. Shi had left them behind, and their expressions all looked a little nervous!
“Among you, who is Chen Ping’s woman?”
Mr Shi asked indifferently.
This sudden question from Mr. Shi caused the many girls to all stare, and then look at each other, but no one said anything!
This was because none of them could be considered Chen Ping’s woman when all was said and done.
Although many of them liked Chen Ping, they hadn’t broken through the window with him!
And even more so, they were not married to Chen Ping!
When Mr. Shi saw that no one was speaking, he could not help but frown slightly and said, “Could it be that Chen Ping has not slept with any of you?”
Mr. Shi’s blunt words instantly made these girls blush!
Then they all shook their heads ……
When Mr. Shi saw this, he ended up laughing helplessly!
“f*ck this kid, he’s tough enough …………”
Mr. Shi unprecedentedly actually said foul language ……