Chen Ping gritted his teeth, his body was rapidly falling, the surrounding flaming aura became more and more violent, and was constantly accompanied by flaming vortices!
When Chen Ping felt the speed of his body’s descent slowing down, he realised that he seemed to have reached the bottom, and a huge flame vortex, like the scythe of death, kept passing by Chen Ping!
Chen Ping tried his best to control his breath, right now it was hard enough for him to fight against the flames at the bottom of the Magma River, if he was caught in the whirlpools, he would definitely be finished!
“Kid, I’ll see where you can escape this time ……”
Elder Tu’s voice came!
Chen Ping saw that that Elder Tu was constantly behind him like a dog’s skin plaster, and was now in front of him!
“There’s no way I’m going to let you catch me, so just die.”
Chen Ping finished speaking, glanced at the flame vortex, and resolutely headed towards it!
Elder Tu was shocked, he did not understand that Chen Ping would rather die in that flame vortex than allow himself to be killed!
Chen Ping’s body had just approached that flame vortex when it was instantly sucked in by a huge suction force!
Elder Tu watched but did not dare to lean forward, he knew that he would definitely die if he was sucked into the flame vortex!
“Hmph, even if it’s a corpse, I’ll still bring it back and collect the reward from the Demon Sealing Alliance!”
Elder Tu snorted coldly and quietly waited for Chen Ping!
As for Chen Ping, the moment he was caught in the flame vortex, his entire body took a deep breath, the spiritual energy within his body turned violently, and the light of flames flashed in his eyes!
The Fire Origin Star within Chen Ping’s body was desperately flickering with light!
Even though Chen Ping’s Fire Origin Force was frantically resisting, it still felt as though his entire being was going to be torn apart by this vortex of flames!
Elder Tu was quietly watching from outside, a cold smile on his face!
Chen Ping violently released the puppet when he felt that he could not withstand some of it!
Casually, he removed the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit from the puppet!
Without the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit, the puppet was instantly churned apart by the flame vortex!
With the Supreme Flame Essence Spirit in his hand, Chen Ping felt much more relaxed as a large amount of Flame Qi was absorbed by the Supreme Flame Essence Spirit!
Although the puppet was destroyed, Chen Ping was still safe at this moment!
Chen Ping had also taken a gamble and pinned his hopes on this Supreme Flame Essence Spirit!
Otherwise, how could he have taken the initiative to enter the flame vortex!
Chen Ping used this moment to hurriedly execute his True Fire Dharma Body, and a figure appeared in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Chen Ping’s body also began to absorb the flaming Qi, using these flames to temper his physical body, while the figure of the True Flame Dharma Body became more and more solid!
Chen Ping greedily absorbed the fiery flame Qi, while that Elder Tu was dumbfounded for a moment as he looked at Chen Ping, who was actually sitting with his knees crossed and was not stirred up by that vortex of flames!
He did not understand what exactly Chen Ping had used to survive this fierce flame vortex!
And by the looks of it, that flame vortex did not cause any harm to Chen Ping!
Along with Chen Ping’s continuous absorption of the flames, the True Fire Dharma Body even caused a vacuum to form around his body!
An incomparably huge vortex of flames was slowly weakening, and it looked like the vortex was about to disappear!
“Damn, it’s really strange ……”
Elder Tu’s face was full of confusion, he really couldn’t figure out what kind of ability Chen Ping, a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, had, he wasn’t even afraid of this flame vortex, and it looked like it was about to disappear!
However, Elder Tu had already made preparations at this moment, as long as the flame vortex disappeared, he would immediately take action against Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping also sensed that the flame vortex was slowly disappearing!
So the body kept moving and that flame vortex followed Chen Ping.