One of the elders said, “Palace Master, although our offer is tempting, that Xiang Chong is known to be a brutal person, no one dares to mess with him.”
“What’s more, behind this Xiang Chong is the Sacred Beast Palace, no one wants to offend him!”
Hearing this, Ji Ru Xue frowned tightly, “Could it be that no one dares to deal with that Xiang Chong after I have dedicated myself to him?”
Several elders stopped speaking and all lowered their heads.
“Go, change the announcement, whoever can help my Red Lotus Palace deal with that Xiang Chong, I, Ji Ru Xue, can marry him ……”
Ji Ru Xue gritted her teeth and said.
“Palace Master, you must not, if you get married, according to the ancestral training, you can’t be in the position of the Palace Master!”
One of the elders hurriedly persuaded.
“Then pa*s the Palace Mastership to Xiao Min, if not, all of us in the Red Lotus Palace will be buried at the hands of that Xiang Chong!”
“What kind of person he is, you guys know better than me, this fellow has been spying on my Red Lotus Palace for years.”
“Now that he has become the righteous son of that old beast of the Sacred Beast Palace, he has become even more reckless.”
“How many girls have been ruined by his hands? Not a single girl who falls into his hands can leave intact!”
“If with me alone, I can exchange for the innocence of everyone in the Red Lotus Palace, it will be worth it ……”
Ji Ru Xue’s words were spoken in a sad manner.
But the few elders knew that there was nothing else they could do but this, after all, that Xiang Chong was a half-step Martial Marquis in strength.
Relying on Ji Ru Xue, an eighth grade Martial Sect, was no match for that Xiang Chong.
Not to mention that Xiang Chong had the backing of the Sacred Beast Palace behind him!
It was still unknown if Ji Ru Xue would dare to help the Red Lotus Palace even if she gave herself up!
Soon, two days had pa*sed.
Even though Ji Ru Xue had offered her life, no one had come forward.
In the entire South, the Sacred Beast Palace was the number one sect, and no one dared to mess with it!
And martial artists from other places would not come to follow the Sacred Beast Palace as an enemy for the sake of a woman, after all, a strong dragon could not suppress a snake on the ground.
“Remember guys, at the last moment, no matter what, escort Xiao Min away and give her this Red Lotus Palace Master Order, as long as Xiao Min lives, the Red Lotus Palace will always be there!”
“And the rest of our Red Lotus Palace disciples, in the end, even if they commit suicide, they must not let that beast Xiang Chong go cheap!”
“For falling into his hands, life is worse than death ……”
Ji Ru Xue followed the elders with a face full of gravity as she explained.
Everyone had gloom and sorrow on their faces.
Their Red Lotus Palace acted in a low profile because they were all women, just because they were afraid of being targeted by someone with an ulterior motive.
It was a pity that they were still being watched.
Looking at a group of very pretty little girls with skin like snow, what man wouldn’t be tempted.
Just at this moment, a Red Lotus Palace disciple hurriedly walked in.
“Palace Master, there’s someone outside begging to see you, saying that he’s here to help our Red Lotus Palace.”
The disciple said.
Ji Ru Xue stood up with a scuffle, “Go, go and see ……”
Finally someone had come to help.
However, this also showed that Ji Ru Xue was going to offer herself out, but for the sake of the Red Lotus Palace, she had no choice.
The only thing Ji Ru Xue was hoping for now was that the person coming would preferably be a younger, more handsome young man.
If it was an old man who was seventy or eighty years old.
Ji Ru Xue was afraid that she would be sick to death!
When Ji Ru Xue brought someone to the door, she found a man wearing navy blue clothes and sungla*ses standing there.
It looked like he was not too old and was okay looking, which made Ji Ru Xue feel slightly relieved.
And the man, after seeing Ji Ru Xue, directly froze and took off his sungla*ses.
With his mouth slightly open, his harrumph almost didn’t flow out.
Looking at the man’s appearance, Ji Ru Xue’s face changed slightly, and her impression of the man was much worse.