“Ahh …………”
People kept being struck by the heavenly thunder and letting out miserable screams!
“Chen Ping, don’t you know about formations, can you break this Heavenly Lightning Formation, or else people will continue to die.”
Hong Qianjiu found Chen Ping and said.
“Who are you? If you want brother Chen Ping to break the formation, you’ll break it for you, aren’t you guys so awesome? Go yourself!”
Long Xingxu scolded angrily at Hong Qianjiu!
The two sides were not even on the same side anymore, so then Hong Qianjiu still had the face to come over and beg Chen Ping for a hand.
Hong Qianjiu could only turn pale with anger as he was disliked, but he didn’t dare to make a sound!
He could see that they were trapped here, and the only one who could get them out was Chen Ping.
Because only Chen Ping knew the formation, as long as he could find the eye of the formation, this Heavenly Thunder Formation would be broken!
“Mr. Chen, please save us ……”
“Yes, save us ……”
At this moment, someone ran over and knelt down in front of Chen Ping!
No one wanted to die, and no one wanted to die, but looking at the ever-flashing blue light, and the heavenly thunder that would strike down at any moment, the shadow of death lingered in everyone’s heart!
Soon, people were kneeling in front of Chen Ping, and even those clans that had allied with Hong Qianjiu had already fallen to the ground, regardless of their alliances!
With four Martial Saints guarding the outside and the Heavenly Thunder Array blasting inside, if no one could save them, then they would all die here!
Chen Ping looked at the crowd of people who had fallen to their knees, frowned slightly, and quickly put his eyes on Zhu Hao!
When Zhu Hao saw Chen Ping looking at him, he trembled slightly and hurriedly lowered his head, not daring to look at Chen Ping!
“Make him kneel down and beg me, and I will find a way to help you break the Heavenly Thunder Formation ……”
Chen Ping said as he pointed at Zhu Hao!
The crowd looked at Zhu Hao, and this time Zhu Hao became the focus of everyone!
“Chen Ping, you presume to make me kneel down to you, I won’t kneel down even if I die ……”
Zhu Hao gritted his teeth and roared!
As the youngest master of the Zhu family, how could he possibly kneel down for someone, and since he still had a grudge against Chen Ping, it was even more impossible for him to kneel down for Chen Ping!
“Zhu Hao, just kneel down, do you want to watch us die?”
“That’s right, just kneel down, you’re not very capable, but your temper is not small, if you hadn’t repeatedly provoked Mr. Chen, maybe he would have saved us.”
“Kneel down, hurry up and kneel down ah ……”
The crowd was talking about Zhu Hao, and they were asking him to kneel down!
Zhu Hao’s face at this moment can’t mention how ugly it is, trembling all over: “Shut the f*ck up, I will not kneel even if I die ……”
Zhu Hao is determined not to be expensive, even if he follows everyone as an enemy!
“Kneel down for him ……”
At this time, Hong Qianjiu, who was on the side, slowly spoke!
Zhu Hao was stunned, and his face was very ugly as he said, “Brother Jiu, you ……”
“I told you to kneel down for him, can’t you hear me?”
Hong Qianjiu’s face was cold as killing intent rose up from his body.
As the saying goes, one thing descends into another, Zhu Hao, who was originally determined to vow not to kneel to his death, saw Hong Qianjiu’s anger and finally also slowly bent his legs and knelt down in front of Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, now that Zhu Hao has knelt down for you, can you break this Heavenly Thunder Formation?”
Hong Qianjiu asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
“No problem, you all stay away from that divine altar ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
When Chen Ping said this, everyone all ran to the very edge and then saw how Chen Ping would break the Heavenly Thunder Formation!
“Master Hu, please help me out!”
Chen Ping said to Pocky Hu.
“Chen Ping, how do you want to break the formation, this Heavenly Thunder Formation is not an ordinary spell formation, it’s not that easy to break.”
Hu Ma Zi reminded Chen Ping.
“I know, I have no intention of breaking the Heavenly Thunder Formation at all.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!