“D*mn it ……” Xuanyuan Kai was helped up by his men and wiped a handful of blood from the corner of his mouth, “Go, let’s quickly go back to report to my father, the dragon crystal appeared and was also eaten by Chen Ping, this is a big deal ……”
When Cheng Kun saw Xuanyuan Kai leaving, he didn’t linger and directly led his men to leave as well!
On the other hand, Chen Ping and the others followed Zhao Liguo to the beach, and the snow wolf was also following far behind.
Chen Ping was quite grateful to the snow wolf for saving Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, but the snow wolf had adapted to life here after all, and Chen Ping could not take it away from Dragon Lock Island.
After Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er saw the snow wolf, they crouched down and waved towards it!
The snow wolf ran over in an understanding manner, and then rubbed itself against the two girls, just like a docile wolf dog!
“Chen Ping, shall we take it away?”
Su Yuqi asked as she looked towards Chen Ping.
The snow wolf also looked at Chen Ping with a look of expectation in its eyes, looking like it wanted to leave this place too.
Looking at the Snow Wolf with that look, Chen Ping could only nod his head.
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er hugged the Snow Wolf happily.
“Big Brother Chen …………”
Zhao Beng, who had been brought to the shore long ago, hurriedly ran over after seeing Chen Ping, and then gave his father a somewhat angry look.
“Get in the boat …………”
Zhao Liguo said.
Although the yacht was not as big as the cruise ship that Chen Ping and the others had come from, it was still quite luxurious and had more than enough room for all of them!
Once on board, Zhao Liguo told everyone to wait while he called Chen Ping into a room alone.
Seeing this, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er hurriedly blocked in front of Chen Ping, they were afraid that Zhao Liguo might make a move on Chen Ping!
“Dad ……”
Zhao Barging looked at Zhao Liguo, trying to plead for Chen Ping!
“You guys wait outside, I’ll be fine ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile at Su Yuqi and the girls.
Since Zhao Liguo hadn’t killed himself on the island, he wouldn’t kill himself when he got to the ship.
Chen Ping followed Zhao Liguo into a room, and when the door closed, Zhao Liguo suddenly fell on one knee in front of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not feel much surprise at this sudden move, as he had expected it long ago.
“Shadowless Villa Zhao Liguo, kowtowing to Hall Master ……”
Zhao Liguo had a respectful face, having long since lost the arrogance and coldness that he had felt when he was on Dragon Lock Island.
“Master Zhao, get up ……”
Chen Ping helped Zhao Liguo up.
“Thank you, Hall Master!” Zhao Liguo stood up.
“Master Zhao Zhuang, I now have something after all doubtful, you must tell me the truth ……”
Chen Ping said after helping Zhao Liguo up.
“Please speak, Hall Master, I will definitely tell you everything ……”
Zhao Liguo nodded his head.
“Master Zhao, do you know who the previous owner of this Heavenly Dragon Ring was? What was his identity?”
Chen Ping asked as he raised his hand, revealing the ring on his hand.
Since this ring was a token of love left behind by his own father in the past and given to his mother, Chen Ping must find out who his father was.
Such a heartless and heartless man, he had to get justice for his mother.
Zhao Liguo was slightly stunned, and then said in disbelief, “Hall Master, don’t you know who gave you the Heavenly Dragon Ring?”
“The owner of this ring, I have never met either, it was given to me through someone else’s hand ……”
Chen Ping replied.
Zhao Liguo drifted off and said, “Actually, I don’t know who the previous owner of this Heavenly Dragon Ring was either, we only recognize the ring but not the person, even our Heavenly Dragon Hall’s thirteen halls, I don’t even know where the other halls are!”
“Counting you, I’ve already found three of the hall mouths ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and his entire body fell into deep thought!
At first when he got this Heavenly Dragon Ring, he had always thought that it belonged to the old dragon leader, then he ran into Lin Tianhu, ran into Red Phoenix, and knew the strength of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, and at that time Chen Ping did not put too much thought into it.