Chen Ping had sort of remembered at this time why he had a familiar feeling as soon as he came here!
It turned out to be the aura of this Jiao Long’s body, which carried a hint of dragon qi.
Because this Jiao Long had not completely metamorphosed into a dragon yet, the dragon aura that was emitted was also very little and not pure, which was why it made Chen Ping feel somewhat familiar, but he could not recall it!
“You human cultivators, how dare you, how dare you trespass into my territory, remembering that this is your first offence, quickly leave this place, otherwise I will not be polite.”
The Jiao Dragon spat out human words and threatened Chen Ping and the others!
As soon as the crowd heard the words of the Jiao Dragon, they were relieved in their hearts, then they turned their heads and walked towards the distance to leave this area!
Only Chen Ping was quietly looking at the Jiao Long, not moving a muscle!
“Master, let’s hurry up and go, this Jiao Long does have good strength.”
The Fire Phoenix stepped forward and pulled Chen Ping to leave as well!
“You guys go first, I want to know how this Jiao Long was able to reach this realm.”
Chen Ping doubted that this Jiao Dragon must have discovered Immortal Qi and then absorbed it to become an Immortal Beast before it immediately truly transformed into a Dragon!
It was possible that this fellow started out as a small snake!
After absorbing Immortal Qi, anything was possible!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with excitement, if this guy had really absorbed Immortal Qi and that was why he had become like this, then the Beast Dan in his body could be a real treasure!
Chen Ping was even thinking of killing this Jiao Long in front of him!
The fire phoenix seemed to sense the killing intent under Chen Ping’s excitement and hurriedly reminded “Master, don’t fool around, this jiao dragon is afraid that it will ascend soon, if it sneezes now, all of us will be left with no bones left.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t do anything stupid ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly smiled awkwardly, he didn’t expect that the Fire Phoenix had detected his little thoughts!
The Fire Phoenix had no choice but to slowly exit the area!
And that corner saw Chen Ping still not moving, and he detected the slightest hint of killing intent from Chen Ping’s eyes, suddenly his red eyes stared at Chen Ping and said “Guy who doesn’t know the heights of heaven, do you want to kill me and take my beast dan?”
“There is this idea, but I know I can’t do it right now!” Chen Ping surprisingly generously undertook to do so!
Not far away, Old Man Miao and the others almost didn’t vomit blood when they heard Chen Ping’s words!
What the hell was Chen Ping up to?
Facing the Jiao Dragon that was about to ascend in front of him, he still dared to talk like this!
That Jiao Dragon was also stunned, it did not expect Chen Ping to actually admit it!
“Kid, if it wasn’t for the fact that this dragon was about to ascend and it was inappropriate to kill too much, you would have flown into ashes by now.”
The dragon snorted angrily and said!
“Don’t brag, and call yourself Ben Long Ben Long, you are nothing but a python, how dare you call yourself a dragon!”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful smile!
“Kid, you seek death …………”
The Jiao Dragon was enraged.
One had to know that the Jiao Dragon was most annoyed with people calling it that!
Elder Miao and the others were considered to be completely shocked, they simply couldn’t figure out why Chen Ping deliberately provoked this Jiao Dragon, was it just to seek death?
Only to see the Jiao Dragon roar, its terrifying aura was like a tornado, causing Elder Miao and the others to not be able to stand at all!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had both his feet dead-set into the ground, while the Dragon Crystal in his chest began to flicker!
When that Jiao Dragon saw the Dragon Crystal on Chen Ping’s chest, and felt the pure Dragon Qi radiating from Chen Ping, the whole person instantly froze!
It was only after a while that the Jiao Dragon lowered its head with a shocked face, no longer having that lofty aura!
Seeing this, Chen Ping violently leapt above the head of that Jiao Long!
Watching the change in that Jiao Dragon, everyone was shocked, they couldn’t figure out how this kind of Jiao Dragon, which was almost invincible in the Celestial Realm, would bow down to Chen Ping.