Chen Ping looked towards the Red Cloud Demon Monarch with anger in his eyes and said, “Sh*t, you must have known, and deliberately didn’t tell me ……”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words left his mouth, he heard a burst of ear-piercing sounds coming from the ground, and he could even hear the sharp sounds of stones rubbing against each other!
The sound sounded very creepy, and goosebumps rose all over Chen Ping’s body.
At this moment, Chen Ping had already lost the scent and perspective of those red-haired rats, proving that those red-haired rats were no longer there!
This sound was constantly approaching, while Chen Ping was looking around nervously, as if the sound was coming from all directions!
The defence formation that had just been engraved was also activated by Chen Ping at this time!
Now Chen Ping was somewhat regretting, why had he not just carved a more complex defence formation!
Looking at Chen Ping’s nervous appearance, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch actually laughed!
“You’re still laughing, when we get out, I won’t let you enter my Sea of Consciousness, so you’ll stay here forever!”
Chen Ping looked at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch who was still laughing out loud and said with some anger!
“Don’t be nervous, it’s a blessing not a curse, it’s a curse that can’t be avoided, the big deal is that you will also turn into a wisp of residual soul, and the two of us will depend on each other.”
“Not to mention that you now have a Dharma body, even if only a wisp of residual soul remains, you can slowly recover!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping did not intend to pay any attention to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, but instead cautiously observed the surroundings!
“Ah…………”
Suddenly, that Elder Tu screamed miserably!
Chen Ping looked over and realised that on that Elder Tu’s body, there was a dark red worm crawling around!
These worms looked like tiny flames, but many of them gathered together to form flame like shapes!
Chen Ping used his Demon Drawing Whip to roll it, and swept that Elder Tu into the defensive formation as well!
After those bugs touched the defensive formation, they all fell off Elder Tu’s body!
Elder Tu’s entire body was now bitten by the bugs and there was no good place left!
There was no way Chen Ping would pity that Elder Tu, the reason he saved him was to not let him die a painful death!
Soon, the densely packed bugs were getting more and more numerous, and the darkness within the cave became bright underneath these bugs!
These bugs surrounded Chen Ping and them, and did not manage to rush into the spell formation!
Chen Ping saw that it was as if they were surrounded by all the flames that were rising up, and there was also a feeling of scorching heat!
“What kind of bugs are these?”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
These bugs didn’t look like they were very powerful, but when they were gathered together, the kind of scorching heat that they emitted was even better than the Earth’s Heart Fire!
“These are Red Flame Insects that feed on the Flame Qi, and the Flame Qi that they emit when they gather together can be fiercer than any ordinary Supreme Fire!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said to Chen Ping!
Hearing the Red Cloud Demon Monarch say this, Chen Ping blankly glanced at him, it was obvious that this fellow knew everything, but just didn’t tell himself!
Chen Ping sacrificed his Dragon Cutting Sword, and along with the flashing of the sword, a sword qi was swung out by Chen Ping towards those Red Flame Insects!
Boom!
Accompanied by a few explosions, large swathes of Red Flame Insects were sent flying out, leaving a large gap around Chen Ping and the others!
Only these Red Flame Insects that were shaken away immediately regrouped, as if Chen Ping’s sword awnings just now did not cause too much damage to them!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping couldn’t help but be shocked, “Holy sh*t, such tiny bugs are too bullish to be killed?”
Chen Ping simply could not have imagined that the swords he had just used did not even cause damage to the Red Fire Bugs!
This was too outrageous, if that was the case, then wouldn’t they all be accounted for here!
After all, Chen Ping’s simple defence formation would not be able to withstand it for much longer!