Now that he saw Chen Ping’s Mahayana realm second grade strength, yet he defeated Luo Ta, a peak Mahayana realm ninth grade, Qiu Wanha seemed to have figured out why that thunderbolt was so terrifying.
Chen Ping looked at Luo Ta with a faint smile and did not say anything, instead, he once again mobilised the spiritual energy in his body and prepared to launch the next round of attack.
Seeing this, a deep fear welled up in Luo Ta’s heart, he knew that if he continued to fight today, he would definitely die.
Thus, he turned around without hesitation, wanting to escape from here.
“Want to run? Not that easy!”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as his figure flashed and instantly appeared in front of Luo Ta.
Luo Ta was shocked in his heart and wanted to dodge, but he found that his body seemed to be bound by an invisible force, unable to move.
“What exactly are you …… you?”Luo Ta asked in horror.
Chen Ping did not answer, but raised his hand, and a dazzling lightning light condensed in his hand.
“This is the punishment you deserve!”Chen Ping said coldly, then slammed the thunder light in his hand fiercely at Luo Ta.
“Ah!”
Luo Ta let out a mournful scream as his entire body was instantly submerged by the thunder light.
A moment later, the thunder light dissipated and Luo Ta’s body had disappeared, leaving behind only a scorched black land.
When Qiu Wanha saw that Luo Ta had been easily decapitated by Chen Ping, he was so frightened that his legs went weak and he almost collapsed to the ground.
Knowing that he was completely finished for the day, he turned around and desperately fled towards the distance.
“Still want to run?”
Chen Ping’s eyes turned cold as he condensed a Spiritual Power Arrow in his hand and shot it towards Qiu Wanha.
Like a bolt of lightning, the Spiritual Power Arrow instantly caught up with Qiu Wanha and ran through his back.
“Puh!”
Qiu Wanha spewed out a mouthful of blood, and his body fell forward to the ground, no longer breathing.
To his death, Qiu Wanha never expected this outcome!
Peak of the ninth grade of the Mahayana realm, that was the peak of the ninth grade of the Mahayana realm!
In the entire Beast City, he was second only to the City Lord, but he was killed by a small cultivator of the second rank of the Mahayana Realm!
If he had known this outcome, Qiu Wanha would not have come!
The air around them seemed to freeze at this moment, as everyone quietly looked at this scene, their hearts filled with awe and shock.
They understood that from today onwards, the pattern of Beast City would be turned upside down due to the appearance of this Chen Ping.
“Mr Chen …………”
Ding Daorong walked to Chen Ping’s side and shouted in a low voice!
At this moment, although he was still the general of Beast City, he had become cautious in front of Chen Ping, truly afraid of incurring Chen Ping’s displeasure!
Chen Ping stood in place and did not pay any attention to that Criminal Daorong, instead, he looked deep into the distance.
“Come out, what are you doing hiding?”
Chen Ping said coldly!
Chen Ping’s words caused Criminal Daorong to be startled and hurriedly looked around, he did not know that there was someone else hiding in the vicinity.
Swish!
As soon as Chen Ping’s words fell, a figure scurried out of the mountains and forests several miles away from them before darting back to the city!
Chen Ping’s figure also disappeared at the same time!
With the Royal Fire Steps activated, Chen Ping’s body was like a space jump, and in the eyes of Hind Daorong and the others, Chen Ping did not move at all, but appeared miles away in the blink of an eye!
Before the crowd could react, Chen Ping had already returned, while he was carrying a person in his hands!
This person was around thirty, his face was pale, and he had long since become incontinent with fear, and his trousers were wet!
“It’s you?”
Seeing the person who had been captured by Chen Ping, Interdiction Dao Rong frowned slightly!
“General Xing, do you recognise this person?”Chen Ping asked!
“Of course, this is one of the subordinates of the Yan Mansion, I don’t know how he appeared here.”
After finishing his speech, Interdictor Rong directly picked up the man’s collar and said, “Say, what are you doing here? Did that Yan Shuangying send you here?”
That Yan House subordinate just looked at Xing Daorong, and although he was scared, he did not open his mouth!
Seeing that he did not open his mouth, Criminal Daorong was very angry!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, said, “General Xing doesn’t need to be angry, this kind of underling is just a servant, there is no value in it, just kill it ……”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, his palm slowly raised, as long as Chen Ping’s palm fell, this person would definitely fly into ashes!