On the side, Xiahou Dun, seeing Ning Yu’s hand being cut off, his face changed, he knew that if he dragged on, perhaps Chen Ping would not really be able to kill him.
Thinking of this, Xiahou Dun was his body instantly disappeared from its original place, followed by a figure that arrived in front of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was shocked and tried to break free from the shackles, but he was slapped in the chest by Xiahou Dun.
Chen Ping’s body flew backwards, and in mid-air, Chen Ping broke the shackles and fell to the ground.
Poof …………
A mouthful of blood spurted out, and Chen Ping was unable to suppress it this time.
Looking at his chest again, five clearly visible fingerprints were visible and his chest was sunken in.
“Still D*mned tenacious ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was still alive, Xiahou Dun raised his palm again and leapt up with his body, this time towards Chen Ping’s head.
But just then, the large net that had been enveloping the surroundings suddenly disappeared, and Xiahou Dun’s body also seemed to have hit something and was bounced back by a tremendous force.
“Who, who is it?”
Xiahou Dun’s heart was in shock.
One must know that the person who could force himself back without seeing his person was definitely a master.
“Master Xia, sell the old man’s face and take your people away ……”
At this moment, an old man slowly came with a young man.
The old man had an immortal appearance, it was none other than Xu Changsheng, the Grand Elder of the Pill God Valley, and the young man following him was Yu Dong.
Xiahou Dun’s eyes stared, “Who are you? Who am I to sell you face?”
Xiahou Dun did not know the old man and the young man in front of him.
“I am Xu Changsheng, the Grand Elder of Pill God Valley, I still hope that Sect Master Xia can sell face ……”
Xu Changsheng said slowly.
When Xiahou Dun heard the three words of Pill God Valley, his face changed.
“Elder Xu, this guy killed my son, the revenge of killing my son is unbreakable, why do you want to help him?”
Xiahou Dun asked, though his tone had obviously softened a lot.
“Little brother Chen is a valued guest of my Pill God Valley, of course I have to help, Master Xia is the head of the Heavenly Martial Sect, yet his own son practiced evil arts and harmed many girls, you as a father would not be unaware of this, right? Little brother Chen killed your son, it is also considered to eliminate harm for the people ……”
Xu Changsheng said indifferently, looking like he also knew about Xia Chao’s cultivation of evil arts.
“You ……” Xiahou Dun’s face turned red for a while, looking at Chen Ping in front of him, his eyes filled with anger, “I must kill him today to avenge my son, and when I kill him, I will send a generous gift to the Medicine God Valley to make amends ……”
When Xiahou Dun finished speaking, he fiercely waved out a powerful qi towards Chen Ping, the qi whistling to the ground.
Seeing that Chen Ping was about to die, how could Xiahou Dun give up so easily?
When Xu Changsheng saw that Xiahou Dun still dared to make a move in front of him, his face instantly turned cold.
“You are planning to make an enemy of my Medicine God Valley ……”
After Xu Changsheng finished speaking, he casually waved his hand and an invisible aura wrapped Chen Ping around him, while Xiahou Dun’s powerful aura instantly dissipated without a trace after touching Xu Changsheng’s aura.
Xiahou Dun clenched his teeth, “Set up a formation …………”
With a command, those men with curved swords who followed behind Xiahou Dun immediately formed up in a zigzag formation.
“Elder Xu, today I will kill this Chen Ping, if you insist on stopping me, then we will fight to the death ……”
Xiahou Dun looked like he was determined to kill Chen Ping.
“You are so impatient ……” Xu Changsheng snorted coldly, “Even if you were in your prime, killing you would be like crushing an ant… …”
After saying this, Xu Changsheng waved his sleeve and robe, and suddenly a gale of wind swept towards Xiahou Dun and the others.
Xiahou Dun slammed his feet into the ground, holding on for dear life, while those of his men had long since been knocked out of the way.
As the Qi dissipated, Xiahou Dun’s face turned ugly and a mouthful of blood gushed out.