“Chen Ping, I must kill him, I must ……”
Ning Zhi roared, he hated Chen Ping so much at the moment that he could not wait to kill him right now!
“If you want to kill him, it’s not impossible, but only after careful planning ……”
An old voice said in Ning Zhi’s mind.
“Senior, how would I be able to kill him?”
Ning Zhi hurriedly asked.
“You now have the Martial Saint Artifact in your hand, in gathering some Black Bronze Robes, find a way to lure that Chen Ping to the Martial Alliance, and then kill him ……”
The spirit said.
“I’m afraid that Chen Ping won’t easily be coming to the Martial Dao Alliance anymore, right? Now that we’ve torn our faces apart, will he still come?”
Ning Zhi asked.
“Of course he will, you’ve forgotten that he has a handle in our hands!”
Soul Spirit said with a faint smile.
Ning Zhi instantly remembered Su Yuqi, who was locked up in the dungeon, and put a smile on his face as well, “Right, I can use his girlfriend to lure that Chen Ping to the Martial Alliance!”
“As long as that Chen Ping dares to come, I must not let him escape this time, if he doesn’t die, there will never be any peace in the Martial Dao Alliance ……”
The spirit then said, “The Martial Dao Alliance will never have peace, what is scary is that if that Chen Ping grows up, you will lose your value and the great powers will not value you anymore ……”
“Right, I can’t lose the respect of the great powers, this time I must kill Chen Ping ……”
A firm determination shone in Ning Zhi’s eyes, and he then used his identity to start rallying the black bronze robes!
And Chen Ping, unaware of Ning Zhi’s plans for himself, remained in Kyoto!
He was waiting for Ge Fuhai to return and inquire about the Purple Sky Mansion!
That day, Ge Chia-Yi’s phone call came.
When Chen Ping saw that it was Ge Chia-Yi calling, his whole body became a little excited!
If Ge Jiayi was looking for him, this meant that Ge Fuhai should have returned!
Sure enough, Ge Jiayi informed Chen Ping to go to Ge’s house, saying that her father had returned!
Chen Ping hurriedly went to the Ge family’s house!
Ge Fuhai was waiting for Chen Ping in the living room, and when he saw Chen Ping coming, he hurriedly got up and said, “Mr. Chen, please have a seat ……”
“Master Ge Family, you are too polite, just call me Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping said hurriedly.
After all, Chen Ping didn’t dare to be arrogant when he had to ask for something!
“Hahahaha, so many things have happened in Kyoto during the time I’ve been gone, this is a phrase you can completely afford, Mr. Chen ……”
Ge Fuhai laughed harshly, “I heard Jia Yi say that you had sought me out, is there something wrong?”
“Master Ge, I would like to inquire with you about the Purple Sky Mansion, what is the location of that Purple Sky Mansion, do you know?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Ge Fuhai.
“What are you inquiring about the Purple Sky Mansion for? Even if I tell you the location, you won’t be able to get inside the Purple Sky Mansion!”
Ge Fuhai said.
“Why?” Chen Ping was full of confusion!
“Clans like the Purple Heavenly Mansion live in secret realms, you won’t be able to find them in this mundane world at all.”
“Just like our Ge family, our Ge family’s true power is all in the secret realm as well.”
“Nowadays, many immortal cultivation families are also hidden in secret realms and almost never come to the mundane world!”
“I remember telling you about all this, immortal cultivators who stay in the secular realm will not achieve too much after all!”
Ge Fuhai followed Chen Ping as he explained!
“Master Ge, then if you follow the Purple Sky Mansion and live in the secret realm together, will you be able to lead me to the Purple Sky Mansion?”
Chen Ping asked.
Ge Fuhai smiled, “Although we live in the secret realm together, we are not in the same secret realm!”
“When the immortals and devils fought, when the heaven and earth collapsed!”
“Eight secret realms were opened up by the eight Vajra Buddhas, and some of the immortal cultivation families that managed to remain entered these eight secret realms.”
“If I explain it like this, you should understand it, right?”
Ge Fuhai looked at Chen Ping and asked.