Chen Ping’s mind moved, and several of his doppelgangers instantly rushed into the formation!
Immediately following the swinging of the Dragon Slashing Sword, a sword aura shot up into the sky and then blocked the swarming tide of beasts!
As expected, following Chen Ping’s thoughts, the doppelgangers could not be restricted in this formation!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the others were also shocked to see several Chen Ping’s suddenly appearing, and each one of them was able to erupt with a terrifying aura!
However, they could not afford to be shocked at this time and could only desperately flee!
With Chen Ping holding them back, the remaining cultivators all ran out of the formation without any danger!
When the spiritual energy returned, everyone gasped for air!
As for Chen Ping’s several doppelgangers, they were also crushed by the wave of beasts at this moment!
Chen Ping did not use his full strength, he wanted to retain his strength and use it on this formation!
Only to see Chen Ping raise his hand, and immediately a formation surged, killing intent was rampant within the formation, as if it wanted to strangle everything that entered!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Cutting Sword as his Unbreakable Golden Body covered his entire body!
The golden dragon roared as it encircled Chen Ping’s body!
Directly from heaven and earth, a wall of fire rose up, blocking the path of advance of the beast tide!
Bing Lu and the girls were all holding frost swords as well, and the breaths of several people coalesced together!
This was feared to be a vicious battle!
The beast tide was getting closer and closer, and the smell of blood on those demonic beasts could be clearly smelled!
These demonic beasts hissed and seemed fearless!
It was as if they had gone mad!
As the saying goes, people die for money and birds die for food!
These demonic beasts didn’t want to die for the pole stones!
After recovering, many of the cultivators pulled their legs out and ran without looking back, not showing the slightest bit of gratitude to Chen Ping!
However, there were also cultivators who took out their weapons and seemed to be working together to defend against this beast tide attack!
“Family Head, what do we do?”
A junior member of the Ouyang Family asked, somewhat at a loss for words!
They were all scared even after facing thousands of demonic beasts and wanted to escape as quickly as possible!
However, if Ouyang Zhenhua didn’t move, they didn’t dare to move either!
Ouyang Zhenhua looked at Chen Ping, and then at the surroundings, and said coldly “Prepare for battle, if we don’t solve these demonic beasts, even if we escape to the mountains, we will not be able to hide at all.”
Ouyang Zhenhua led the many juniors of the Ouyang family and all of them also flashed their weapons!
Chen Ping’s body hung in the air as countless spiritual lights exploded and formations all activated!
A wall of fire blocked the demonic beasts, while those demonic beasts impacted without fear!
Bing Lu and the girls, on the other hand, struck out a Frost Blade, harvesting the lives of the demonic beasts!
The frost blades that filled the sky fell as if they were wind and snow!
Many cultivators also flew up, constantly waving various weapons in their hands!
Large swathes of demonic beasts fell in groups, but the demonic beasts behind them were still charging forward!
These demonic beasts also seemed to have suffered from the restrictions of the formation, and were not able to perform various techniques, and could only rely on brute force to charge forward!
The tidal wave of demonic beasts was so loud that it quickly broke through the frontmost walls of fire!
The Fire Origin Star within Chen Ping’s body dimmed quite a bit!
Those few walls of fire just now had almost exhausted Chen Ping’s Fire Origin!
Immediately after that, the light in the sky lit up, the killing formation that Chen Ping had laid down had been activated, and the demonic beasts that had rushed in were all killed one by one!
However, there were too many demonic beasts, even with the killing formation, those demonic beasts that didn’t want to die were all swarming!
At the same time, these demonic beasts recovered their techniques, and each one of them spat out white mist, boundless cold air, forming a white wall of mist that rolled towards Chen Ping and the others!
Under this cold mist, Chen Ping’s killing formation was also broken through in no time at all!
Seeing this, Chen Ping swung his Dragon Slashing Sword with vigour, and the Golden Dragon roared, spewing out a flame from its mouth!
A head of demonic beasts was engulfed by the flames, while the flames followed the cold mist and turned into countless raindrops that fell!
While swinging the Dragon Slashing Sword, Chen Ping swung his palm violently, and thunder clouds gathered in the sky, emitting a rumbling sound!