Boom …………
With a loud bang, Chen Ping’s body took three steps backwards, while the black and silver robed boss didn’t move at all!
The crowd under the stands were all a little surprised at this!
If Chen Ping couldn’t even deal with one black and silver robe, how could he still talk about challenging the entire Martial Arts Alliance?
If seven people were to join forces, Chen Ping would still be beaten to a pulp!
Disdain appeared in the boss’s eyes as he sneered, “With that kind of skill, where did you get the courage to challenge our Martial Arts Alliance?”
“Don’t think how powerful your Dragon Sect is, in the face of absolute strength, I can have your Dragon Sect disbanded in a minute.”
“If you meekly admit defeat and come with us now, I can let you leave with dignity!”
“If you are stubborn, then I won’t mind beating you like a dead dog before dragging you away.”
The boss threatened at Chen Ping, the test he had just made had multiplied his message.
“You’re that confident you can beat me?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“It’s not confidence, it’s strength, if all seven of us strike at the same time, you’re afraid you won’t even see the crumbs of your bones.”
The corners of the boss’s mouth lifted slightly, his eyes filled with disdain and contempt!
“Then let the seven of you do it together, since I want to challenge your Martial Alliance, of course let the seven of you do it together, killing them one by one, I think it’s too much of a waste of time ……”
Chen Ping said in a cold voice.
Upon hearing Chen Ping’s words, all seven black and silver robes were stunned.
They did not expect that Chen Ping would dare to let the seven of them do it together in front of so many people.
This was simply too arrogant, too much to put them in the eye.
“Chen Ping, you hairy boy, you simply don’t know how high the sky is, you are too rampant ……”
The black and silver robed old fifth roared at Chen Ping.
However, that boss did not get angry, but had a cold smile on his face, “Chen Ping, that little trick of yours, I have seen it for a long time, don’t you just want the seven of us to do it at the same time, then even if you lose, you can still say that we are bullying you with a large number of people.”
“And also fall that our martial arts alliance is not martial virtue, many people bully you alone, I am not going to give you this opportunity, I am enough to deal with you alone ……”
The boss after just trying, he felt that he had no problem dealing with Chen Ping, in addition to having the Martial Saint Artifact in his hand, it would be as easy to defeat Chen Ping!
“You mean you want to fight me one on one?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently.
“Of course, one of us would be enough, why bother with seven hands?”
The boss nodded.
“Good, I hope you won’t regret it.” Chen Ping nodded and then said, “But I have a request.”
“You can speak ……”
The boss nodded.
“Can I pick one of the seven of you to compete with me?”
Chen Ping asked.
The black and silver robed boss faintly stared, “Are you trying to pick the least powerful one from among us to compete? But I advise you to put away that little thought, because the strength of our brothers is equal, and whoever you pick will suffer the same fate.”
But Chen Ping shook his head, “I just want one person to die first ……”
“Alright, who do you pick?” The boss asked.
Chen Ping swept his eyes over several people, then dropped his gaze to the black and silver robed oldest.
“That’s him ……”
Chen Ping’s gaze was thick with killing intent.
This was because from within the video, Chen Ping could clearly see that it was this guy who had beaten up Su Yuqi.
The boss gave Lao Er a glance, then smiled coldly and said, “Lao Er, this guy has chosen you, are you sure?”
“Big brother, within ten moves, I’ll take this kid down.”
The black and silver robed oldest was confident, the fact that the boss had just tested Chen Ping had long ago allowed him to see Chen Ping’s strength.
“Good, then you strike, but be careful, don’t get him killed ……”
The boss admonished.