Boom!
An Origin Breath erupted, and the Fire Origin Star within Chen Ping’s Origin Space instantly skyrocketed, becoming a circle larger than all the other Origin Stars!
Moreover, the Fire Origin Star had also become much brighter!
When Chen Ping saw this, he was a little surprised, he did not expect that this Origin Star could also be elevated!
“It seems that this Fire Spirit Bead is really something good, if I have the opportunity to get some more, I just don’t know how many Fire Spirit Beads that Yan Demon has.”
Chen Ping pondered inwardly!
Chen Ping then took out the Heaven Mending Stone from his storage ring!
At this time, the Heaven Mending Stone, presented a greyish-brown colour, with no luster at all, just like a piece of ordinary stone, and even more so without a trace of breath!
This Heaven Mending Stone had all been sucked dry by Chen Ping, only for Chen Ping’s realm to be raised from the first rank of the Transition Realm to the second rank!
Chen Ping looked at the Heaven Mending Stone in his hand and thought of inputting several types of Origin Power within his body into this Heaven Mending Stone to see what the reaction would be!
Since these types of Origin Stars were connected, these types of Origin Powers should also be able to merge!
Just as Chen Ping was about to do some experiments, the door to the room was knocked on!
“Please come in ……”
Chen Ping wondered, who was coming to his room so late at night?
It couldn’t be Fire Phoenix and Bai Shao, could it?
Chen Ping wanted to rest for the night, I don’t want those two tossing themselves around.
The door to his room opened and it turned out to be Sheng Jiahui carrying a night’s worth of steaming noodles!
“Mr Chen, I see that it’s so late and your room is still lit, so I made you some snacks, I’m afraid you’re hungry ……”
Sheng Jiahui said!
Sheng Jiahui was wearing a semi-transparent nightgown, and under the moonlight, her wonderful figure was visible!
Chen Ping just looked up and hurriedly lowered his head!
He knew the meaning of Sheng Jiahui’s visit here, he was now a cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, even if he hadn’t eaten all the time, it was impossible for him to be hungry, and this excuse of Sheng Jiahui’s didn’t hold water at all!
However, since Sheng Jiahui had good intentions, Chen Ping smiled faintly and said “Thank you Miss Sheng ……”
Sheng Jiahui put the noodles on the table and saw the stone in Chen Ping’s hand, so she came over!
“What is this ah, a very ordinary stone ah, if Mr Chen likes stones, the Heavenly Demon Mountain has all kinds of stones.”
Sheng Jiahui purposely moved her body closer to Chen Ping and directly pressed herself against him!
“This is the Heaven Mending Stone, obtained from the Ye Family’s Holy Pool.”
Chen Ping said directly!
“Heaven Mending Stone? Could it be that this stone can mend the heavens? Was it used by Nuwa to mend the heavens?”
When Sheng Jiahui heard this, she immediately became interested!
Chen Ping smiled and said “I don’t know if it is, but this stone is not an ordinary stone.”
Chen Ping said, and then inputted the Origin Breath in his body towards the Heaven Mending Stone!
Fire Origin, Lightning Origin, Origin of Illusion …………
After Chen Ping input the various Origin Breaths into the Heaven Mending Stone, the Heaven Mending Stone unexpectedly began to tremble, followed by radiating light!
A peculiar aura began to slowly appear, and that aura surprisingly followed the aura that had existed at the beginning of the Heaven Mending Stone surprisingly the same!
Chen Ping was very shocked inwardly!
One must know that Chen Ping’s sudden arrival at the second rank of the Transition Realm was due to this peculiar aura!
If the various Origin Forces could be fused into this aura, Chen Ping would be able to utilise the Origin Forces to cultivate and raise his realm!
Just as Chen Ping was about to utilise the breath within this Heaven Mending Stone to cultivate, there was a sudden hiss!
The Heaven Swallowing Beast ran out from Chen Ping’s storage ring and took a bite!
“Little beast, spit it out for me ……”
Chen Ping was shocked and hurriedly shouted, but after the Heaven Swallowing Beast swallowed the Heaven Mending Stone, it ran back!
“Ah …… what is this thing, so scary!”
Sheng Jiahui was shocked to see the Heaven Swallowing Beast and hurriedly jumped into Chen Ping’s arms!
Chen Ping looked helpless and gently comforted Sheng Jiahui!
However, Sheng Jiahui suddenly flung Chen Ping onto the bed!
“Miss Sheng, don’t …………”
Chen Ping originally wanted to rest for the night, but ……