“This …………”
Chen Ping was also speechless, what heavenly realm, what three things, were still too distant for the current self.
Unfortunately, these Heavenly Realm Upper Immortals, one by one, did not know the hardships of the earth.
Although the Wuji Order given by the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch was a priceless treasure for many Immortals!
But for Chen Ping, it was more or less a chicken rib and a bit of a sham!
“You’d better take a look at the Wuji Sacred Sect’s inheritance, even if it’s incomplete, it’s definitely awesome.”
“Now that the formation outside the mansion doesn’t know how long it can be retained, take advantage of this opportunity, if you are able to obtain the Wuji Sacred Sect’s inheritance, you won’t have to be afraid of those guys outside.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping thought about it, he was right, instead of complaining, it would be better for him to quickly obtain the Wuji Sacred Sect’s inheritance!
Chen Ping took the Wuji Order and then a spiritual force was struck into it!
Buzz!
In the next moment, there was a roar in Chen Ping’s mind, followed by a light tremor in his sea of consciousness.
A majestic information continued to pour into Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, the inheritance was very large and complex!
And while Chen Ping was receiving the inheritance, a beam of light seemed to descend from the sky and hit Chen Ping!
This instantly made Chen Ping feel incredibly comfortable!
The inheritance of the Wuji Holy Sect Chen Ping did not feel much use, but this beam of light induced by receiving the inheritance carried a majestic aura.
Chen Ping far-turned the Condensing Heart Technique and began to absorb it without hesitation!
The Immortal Qi and Spiritual Liquid had all been absorbed away by the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch, Chen Ping would not be letting go of the aura brought by this beam of light!
Chen Ping frantically absorbed!
At this moment, Mu Yao was squatting outside the mansion with several Mu family members!
At this moment, Mu Yao was very anxious!
“I wonder if Missy has received the news, why hasn’t she come yet?”
Mu Yao anxiously said!
“Uncle Mu, look ……”
At this time, someone noticed that a beam of light seemed to descend from the sky and shone within the mansion!
Mu Yao looked at the light and his expression grew more and more grave!
“I don’t know what wonders this kid is having inside, the aura within this beam of light is very powerful, maybe he’s absorbing that Immortal Law Inheritance.”
“Can’t wait any longer, I’ll go find Missy, you guys keep watch, as long as that Chen Ping comes out, don’t fight hard and inform me.”
Mu Yao couldn’t wait any longer!
But he couldn’t break this mansion formation now, so he could only wait for Mu Naiyi to come!
Now that Mu Naiyi was late in appearing, Mu Yao was in a hurry!
“Understood!”Several Mu family members nodded!
Only then did Mu Yao feel relieved and went to look for Mu Naiyi, if he waited for Chen Ping to absorb that Immortal Dharma Inheritance, then it would all be too late!
While Mu Yao was looking for Mu Naiyi, Mu Naiyi had already returned to the location of that sect’s main hall at this moment.
Here, Mu Naiyi ran into Bing Lu and the others, who were here waiting for Chen Ping!
Because Mu Naiyi had personally killed several Saint Maidens before, at this moment, Bing Lu and the others hated Mu Naiyi to the bone!
Lan Yingying also looked at Mu Naiyi angrily, as a Guanghan Palace Elder, she had even struck out ruthlessly against the Guanghan Palace Holy Maiden, she simply deserved to die!
“You few, come with me right now.”
Mu Nai Yi swept a glance at Bing Lu and the others and said!
Bing Lu and the others didn’t speak, all staring angrily at Mu Nai Yi!
“Didn’t you guys hear me? I’m ordering you all as elders.”
Mu Nai Yi said coldly!
“Bah, you killed so many of our sisters and you still want to order us, you’ve long since stopped being an elder of the Guanghan Palace.”
Bing Lu spat fiercely towards that Mu Nai Yi!
Mu Naiyi wasn’t angry either, and still said icily, “You guys come with me, I can spare you from death, if you let me do it, you know the consequences.”
Mu Naiyi was at the peak of the Transition Realm realm, Bing Lu and the others were no match at all!
But Bing Lu and the others were not afraid in the slightest!
“Hmph, kill us if you have the ability, even if we die, we won’t go with you.”
After Ice Dew finished speaking, her Frost Sword was in her hand, and she took a stance of fighting for her life!