When Hai Dafu and the others saw that Chen Ping was actually leading that poisonous insect and ice bear monster towards their side, they all shouted!
“Don’t come over, don’t come over ……”
They didn’t want to follow these poisonous insects and make a move!
The more this happened, the more impossible it was for Chen Ping to leave!
A few people from Hai Dafu led their disciples to desperately retreat backwards, but where were they as fast as Chen Ping!
The poisonous insects and that ice bear monster were lured over!
Hai Da Fu several people looked at each other, there was really no way out, that’s why they moved against that poisonous insect and that ice bear monster!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, asked Bing Lu to take a few of the Holy Maidens and rush to the top of the rock wall to take down the Polar Stone!
However, just as Bing Lu and the girls were preparing to take down the pole stone, there were a few more hissing sounds, and there were even ice bear monsters rushing out from the rock wall!
This time, it startled Bing Lu and the girls!
Seeing this, Chen Ping leapt up and fought the Ice Bear Monsters alone, leaving Bing Lu and the girls to fetch the Pole Stones!
Patriarch Luo also rushed forward to help!
At this time, he had to follow Chen Ping with one mind before he could do so!
Patriarch Luo followed Chen Ping and glanced at each other, the two seemed to have thought together and followed that Ice Bear Monster as they fought and retreated!
Surprisingly, they led these Ice Bear Monsters to Hai Dafu and the others as well!
A group of poisonous insects, in addition to a few ice bear monsters!
Hai Dafu and his disciples were a little tired of dealing with them!
Chen Ping followed Patriarch Luo and took the opportunity to disengage from the battlefield, not going up to help at all!
Blood spilled from the corners of Hai Dafu’s mouth and his expression was very heavy!
Originally, they had planned to find an opportunity to make a move against Chen Ping and Patriarch Luo, but now they were being pestered by these poisonous insects and ice bear monsters!
“Quick battle, none of you should be dragging your feet!”
Hai Dafu gritted his teeth and drew out a long blade!
Above the blade, spiritual energy flowed and countless sharp awns loomed!
Immediately after, the blade chopped towards an ice bear monster!
Originally, Hai Dafu wanted to conserve his strength, so that when Chen Ping and Patriarch Luo got tired of fighting after these Ice Bear Monsters, they could step in to reap the rewards!
But now, these poisonous insects and ice bear monsters, as if they had recognised their masters, were stalking them to death!
The Ice Bear Monster roared, its voice shaking the entire void and distorting it!
Afterwards, a bear’s palm slapped out with vigour, and those countless blade awnings were all blocked under this palm!
This Ice Bear Monster’s skin was thick, and there was a layer of frost covering its body like an armour, it was hard to break through!
Another ice bear monster, opened its mouth, a cold gas sprayed out from its mouth, Hai Dafu saw this, his body retreated rapidly, but he was still a step too slow!
He was directly hit by the cold air, and his body instantly began to freeze!
Hai Dafu’s heart was horrified, and he turned the spiritual energy in his body far away, trying his best to block the speed of the frost condensation!
That Patriarch Yue, Patriarch Yang were also anxious, seeing Hai Dafu like this, each of them gritted their teeth!
But they were also trembling by that Ice Bear Monster and had no way to get out!
Those disciples under the door, on the other hand, were all dealing with the poisonous insects, none of them were idle!
But in looking at Chen Ping and Patriarch Luo, the two of them were watching from afar, with no intention of stepping in to help!
If they had melons, they would have been watching the fun!
“These poisonous insects and ice bear monsters, why are they only targeting people like Hai Dafu?”
Patriarch Luo asked somewhat strangely!
Although they had lured the Ice Bear Monsters and also the poisonous worms over, it wasn’t up to them to decide what people the Ice Bear Monsters and poisonous worms attacked!
“I secretly used a little trick on them ……”
Chen Ping said with a bad smile!
Patriarch Luo was stunned and then laughed along with him!
In fact, at the beginning, when Chen Ping had lured that Ice Bear Monster and the poisonous insects over, he had secretly thrown a kind of medicinal powder!
This medicinal powder could make the demonic beasts become demented and attack like crazy!