After hearing this, Ning Zhi waved his hand and told the four black and gold robes to back off!
He then looked coldly at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, wait for me, I’ll clean you up when I’m done with the matter here.”
After saying that, Ning Zhi took the Black Gold Robe and left!
As Ning Zhi walked back, Chen Ping let out a long sigh of relief!
He was still under some pressure from facing the four Black Gold Robes by himself!
Last time, if these people hadn’t been greedy and hadn’t insisted on absorbing the spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s body, only to have it backfire, I’m afraid that Chen Ping would have been caught by them long ago!
“Mr. Chen, let’s go too ……”
Jiang Wei was also covered in cold sweat at this moment!
Chen Ping nodded and followed Jiang Wei to leave, while that Lv factory sat dumbfounded, a complicated expression in his eyes.
“My lord, the strength of each of those demonic cultivators just now is afraid that they are not below you, what should we do?”
An attendant asked to Lu Factory.
Lv Fang did not speak, but merely frowned!
Originally, he thought that with his strength, even if his strength was suppressed and imprisoned by the laws of heaven and earth, he would definitely be the top in the secular world and could be taken at will, but now, just after showing his face, he had come across four Black Gold Robes from the Martial Alliance!
This kind of blow was still not a small one for Lui Plant.
“These demon cultivators must have come out of the secret realm as well, why does it feel like his strength is not suppressed by the laws of heaven and earth at all?”
Another follower was full of doubts!
“Haven’t you noticed that these devil cultivators all have a soul residing in their bodies, which means that these people’s physical bodies are just mundane martial artists, while the souls inside them are the real devil cultivators.”
“The laws of heaven and earth do not suppress soul spirits, and these demonic cultivators take advantage of this loophole so that they can walk around the mundane world with impunity.”
Factory Lu gruffly explained.
“But that young man just now doesn’t seem to be a devil cultivator, but the aura on him isn’t weak either ……”
The attendant continued.
“That person is also perhaps a gongzi from some secret realm.”
Lv Factory was interested in Chen Ping’s identity at this point, and was curious to know whether or not Chen Ping had come out of the secret realm.
“My lord, then what do we do next?” The attendant asked.
Originally, he thought he could take it, but now it seems that there are really hidden dragons and tigers here, and there are so many experts!
“Hide your strength, wait and see what happens, and never make a move until you have to.”
Lu factory finished speaking and began to eat his own meal.
……………………
Chen Ping followed Jiang Wei back to the palace!
At this time Chen Ping’s face was not very good, worried, this time the situation on Penglai Island, also beyond his expectations!
He hadn’t expected that there would be so many people entering Penglai Island, and so many experts, apart from the Martial Alliance’s Black Gold Robe, there were other Martial Saints appearing as well!
In this way, Chen Ping was afraid that it would be very difficult to stop the revival of the aura!
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping had just returned to the palace when he saw Long Xingxu walking over with his men!
“Xingxu, what brings you here?”
Chen Ping said with a surprised look on his face.
“It’s not just me, the Ge family master is here too, Du Nan sent someone to Kyoto to look for you, you weren’t there, so I brought someone over.”
“The Ge family master also brought people from the Ge family with him.”
Saying that, Ge Fuhai brought out a group of people as well!
Among them, Ge Jiayi and Ge Yuhan had actually come too!
“Mr. Chen ……”
Ge Fuhai came forward and greeted after Chen Ping!
And Jiang Wei, after seeing Ge Fuhai, hurriedly shouted respectfully, “Greetings, Uncle Ge!”
Ge Fuhai nodded slightly as a greeting!
“Lord Ge Family, why are you here too?”
Chen Ping was surprised, how come Ge Fuhai had also brought people here, and with Ge Fuhai’s skills, even if he came, he was afraid that he would still be cannon fodder, after all, all the people gathered on the island at this time were experts.