When Shen Wansan heard the words Black Blind Forest, his face instantly turned pale with fear and after a long silence, he slowly told the story.
It turned out that Shen Wansan was obsessed with money and knew that the trees in the Black Blind Forest were tall and thick, so he took his men to the Black Blind Forest to cut down the trees.
Although he knew the legend of the Black Blind Forest was very strange, Shen Wansan was willing to go out of his way for the sake of money, not to mention the fact that there were more than ten of them and there was nothing to be afraid of.
The first day of felling was good and the harvest was not small, except that later, while felling the trees, Shen Wansan found a mountain ginseng, and after careful examination, they found that it was a mountain ginseng of ten thousand years old, which made Shen Wansan very happy.
Shen Wansan knew that he had no experience in digging mountain ginseng and was afraid of damaging the ginseng, so he did not move the ginseng, but he was afraid that the ginseng would run away because he had heard that the ginseng would run away on its own, so he tied the ginseng with a red rope and then dug a trench about ten metres away from the ginseng to prevent it from running away on its own.
Only when digging the trench, he didn’t expect it to be a ma*s grave and dug up a lot of bones. Although he was a bit scared in his heart, Shen Wansan didn’t stop, but continued to order people to dig and sent someone back to tell Shen’s family about the discovery of the 10,000-year-old ginseng king.
But before the pit was finished digging, suddenly the whole sky went dark and the whole mountain forest seemed to be shrouded in black fog, with no fingers visible!
What happened after that, Shen Wansan couldn’t remember, in opening his eyes was this time now.
“After my big brother sent someone to tell, I immediately led people to go, only at that time big brother lying on the ground, has been unconscious, and the others have also disappeared, looking for half a day also did not find, but that mountain ginseng is still there, I did not dare to move, ordered people to bring big brother back …… ”
Shen Wanfu then Shen Wansan’s words to say.
Chen Ping nodded slightly: “That’s right, no wonder I found your Shen family’s gloomy wind as soon as I entered, it’s true that you dug up someone’s ancestral grave ……”
“Mr. Chen, then what’s next? Will that ghost come back?”
Shen Wanfu asked with a worried look on his face.
“You guys take me to see the 10,000 year old ginseng king now, take a look at the graveyard by the way, so that those ghosts don’t haunt your Shen family ……”
Chen Ping said.
Hearing Chen Ping say so, Shen Wanfu then nodded his head and said, “Good, then I will take Mr. Chen there ……”
“I will also go ……” Shen Wansan also wanted to follow.
Shen Wanfu still wanted to persuade Shen Wansan, after all, Shen Wansan had just woken up and his body was still very weak.
But before he could open his mouth, Chen Ping spoke up, “Let him go along, after all, he did the deed, he should also have an explanation ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had said this, Shen Wanfu did not say anything else.
A group of people, driving several cars, rushed together towards the Black Blind Forest.
Although it was just before noon, but the people got out of the car and walked into the black blind forest, all of them could not help but feel a cold war.
Chen Ping looked at the sky and frowned slightly.
“Mr. Chen, are there any difficulties?”
Looking at Chen Ping with that look, Shen Wansan asked in a small voice.
“It’s fine, you lead the way ahead ……”
Chen Ping shook his head.
However, at this moment, Chen Ping saw that in the sky, the Yin Qi was very heavy, almost covering the sky, not like a certain family’s ancestral grave, seeing that many people should have died here, and none of them died naturally, that’s why it caused such a heavy Yin Qi.
Shen Wansan was supported by Shen Lang and led the way, walking for more than half an hour before he reached the place where the 10,000-year-old ginseng king was found.
When they arrived at the place, Chen Ping was a little dumbfounded, while the others who had not been here were all wide-eyed and shocked beyond words.
Only to see hundreds of metres in circumference, the ground was filled with dense bones, which were thrown everywhere, a very shocking scene.