If they were all frozen, it would be troublesome, Chen Ping had long since discovered Ning Caixin and the others watching intently from a short distance away!
“Master, I’m not leaving, I want to stay with you ……”
The fire phoenix desperately flashed its wings and then blocked in front of Chen Ping!
“Hurry up and go, I can’t die, if we all get frozen, we’ll be in trouble.”
Chen Ping roared loudly!
Seeing this, the fire phoenix could only look at Chen Ping helplessly, and then quickly retreated backwards!
Bai Shallow was also disheartened, but still followed the Fire Phoenix and retreated together!
After the Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow retreated, Chen Ping himself could no longer hold on!
That ice mist was used like a tidal wave and instantly enveloped Chen Ping’s surroundings!
Chen Ping’s entire body was directly transformed into an ice sculpture, not moving a muscle, still maintaining the actions he had just taken, and even in the centre of Chen Ping’s palm, there were flames pulsating!
After the ice mist had surrounded Chen Ping, it slowly dispersed and did not continue to spread, and Fire Phoenix and Bai Shao had thus dodged a bullet!
“Master …………”
Seeing the frozen Chen Ping, Fire Phoenix was saddened!
Bai Shallow, on the other hand, pulled Fire Phoenix, her face also filled with sadness!
How to say that she had followed Chen Ping and slept with him so many times, Bai Shao was slowly changing inside!
Ning Caichen and the others looked at Chen Ping, who was frozen, and all fell into silence!
Although Chen Ping was frozen, that Lion and Tiger Beast was still guarding the area around the gongfu, so Ning Caichen and the others didn’t have a chance!
For a while, the atmosphere fell into silence!
Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow also didn’t dare to lean forward, they could only quietly look at Chen Ping, they hoped that Chen Ping could unseal himself!
I don’t know how long had passed, but Chen Ping was still frozen, while that Lion and Tiger Beast was slowly approaching towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow immediately raised their hearts to their throats!
If the Lion Tiger Beast came at Chen Ping at this time, then Chen Ping would not be able to survive at all!
Only to see that the Lion Tiger Beast walked up to Chen Ping, and after circling around Chen Ping, it extended its claws and slapped towards Chen Ping!
This time, Chen Ping’s entire body was probably going to shatter into crumbs!
Seeing this, Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow couldn’t stand it any longer and instantly leapt up and attacked towards the Lion Tiger Beast!
Bai Shallow and Fire Phoenix all put in their best efforts!
When Ning Zhi saw this, he glanced at Ning Caichen “Here’s your chance, you quickly lead the people to get the technique, I’ll keep an eye on the lion and tiger beast.”
Ning Caichen nodded and then led the few remaining Ning Clan children towards that merit law!
Ning Zhi, on the other hand, dodged to Chen Ping, looking at Chen Ping who had turned into an ice sculpture, Ning Zhi’s eyes were filled with smugness!
He was finally able to take revenge, now Chen Ping was a fish on a plate, so he could just pinch him!
Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow, who were following the Lion and Tiger Beasts in the fierce battle, saw that Ning Caichen had brought people to seize the merit law, their hearts were furious, but they could do nothing about it, there was no way for them to get out of it now!
“I got it …………”
Ning Caichen shouted out excitedly after getting the merit law!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi was also delighted and hurriedly said, “Quickly go ……”
Ning Zhi told Ning Caichen to go quickly while he slapped his palm towards Chen Ping!
But just as Ning Zhi was about to make a move on Chen Ping, a sudden terrifying aura came, causing Ning Zhi to have to instantly leap up!
Ning Zhi saw that the Lion and Tiger Beast’s thick tail was sweeping towards him!
And a stream of ice mist spewed out of its mouth, trying to block Ning Caixin and the others!
The ice mist spread rapidly, and before Fire Phoenix and Bai Shao had a chance to escape, they were covered in ice mist and instantly frozen!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi, on the other hand, pulled Ning Cai Chen and retreated towards the back at great speed!
As for the few remaining Ning Family children, they were all instantly frozen!
The Lion-Tiger Beast roared and kept chasing towards Ning Caixin!
Ning Zhi, on the other hand, pulled Ning Caishen and fled at great speed!
After fleeing for some distance, the Lion-Tiger Beast stopped, then let out a burst of angry hisses!