He wanted to take out the Dragon Crystal inside Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body retreated repeatedly, but he found that he could not dodge Dong Liqun’s sword shadow at all.
“Could it be that he was really going to die here today?”
Images of Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er, and Long Wu all flashed through Chen Ping’s mind.
This was followed by his own parents, and his own mother whom he had never met.
“No, I can’t die, I mustn’t die ……”
Chen Ping cried out in his mind.
Suddenly, a blinding light came from Chen Ping’s chest . It burst out.
A shrill dragon roar rang out, only to see a golden dragon rushing out of Chen Ping’s body into the sky.
A huge aura enveloped Chen Ping’s former body.
Dong Liqun was directly shaken backwards by this aura.
He then looked at the golden dragon that rushed out from within Chen Ping with a surprised expression!
“This …………”
Dong Liqun’s eyes were wide open, he had never seen such a sight before!
The golden dragon hovered above Chen Ping’s head, then directly wrapped around Chen Ping’s body and immediately transformed into a pair of golden armour!
Endless power was continuously channeled into Chen Ping’s body from the armour.
After being stunned, Dong Liqun immediately reacted, he knew that he must not let Chen Ping escape this time, or else the Dong Clan would definitely suffer from extinction if Chen Ping grew up in the future!
“Go to hell ……”
Dong Liqun held his long sword as a sword flower blossomed from Dong Liqun’s hand.
Each sword flower, containing the power of heaven and earth, was like a shackle, enveloping towards Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly shook the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
Countless sword shadows appeared and began to shoot out towards a sword flower.
Boom boom boom …………
A loud explosion rang out, and the Dong family villa began to collapse amidst this huge explosion.
At this moment, Dong Liqun was no longer capable of being distracted and protecting these villas of his.
As he watched his home being destroyed into rubble, Dong Liqun’s eyes were filled with anger.
Dong Liqun’s internal energy was rising, and an aura was rippling out, he had no regard for his home anymore.
Chen Ping held the Zenglong Sword and similarly climbed the spiritual energy within his body!
The two men were incompatible with each other!
Soon, the two figures collided, swords clashing in their hands, emitting an ear-piercing sound, as the Golden Golem fought in all directions!
The endless storm was centred on the two men, spreading outwards continuously.
The Dong Family’s villa complex was completely devastated.
Along with many of the Dong family’s underlings, they could not withstand the force and one by one, they spat blood from their mouths.
The more Dong Liqun fought, the more frightened he became. Chen Ping was only a mere Martial Sect, but he had been able to follow him for such a long time.
There was also the golden dragon that had just rushed out from Chen Ping’s body.
What the hell was that?
With Dong Liqun’s strength, he could tell that the golden dragon was by no means an illusion, but a real golden dragon.
In the blink of an eye, Chen Ping and Dong Liqun had already fought for hundreds of rounds, and the two of them were indistinguishable from each other!
It was obvious that the difference in realms was difficult to bridge, and even if the golden dragon appeared, it could only resist for a while.
Seeing that Chen Ping was beginning to run out of breath, the corners of Dong Liqun’s mouth lifted up in a smile.
Immediately afterwards, he grabbed Chen Ping’s chest with a dragon claw, trying to pull out the dragon crystal from Chen Ping’s chest.
Chen Ping retreated, but a piece of flesh was still ripped off his chest by Dong Liqun!
Chen Ping’s chest was so bloody that it looked terrifying.
But to Chen Ping, this wound was no different from a mosquito bite.
Chen Ping’s imperishable golden body had long since disappeared, and he could only rely on his hard flesh to carry on.
But even if his flesh was hard, in the face of absolute strength, it was still like paper mache.
“Kid, you are really good, you are the first of the younger generation to be able to fight with me for such a long time.”
“It seems that I can’t let you go today no matter what.”
After Dong Liqun finished speaking, his body surged up by several inches, and he was much taller in an instant, followed by a wave of both palms, and in mid-air. A huge stupa appeared!