Zheng Kai stepped out of the car, then looked at Chen Ping and the others in the car, then waved!
When the driver saw this, he was so scared that he immediately opened the car door and ran, not even wanting the car.
This time, Chen Ping and the others were surrounded by a dozen cars, from which more than twenty people got out, each with a very strong aura!
Seeing this, Chen Ping and the others could only open the car doors and walk down!
“Old thing, you embarra*sed me on the plane, today I will beat you to your knees and beg for mercy ……”
Seeing Pocky Hu coming down, Zheng Kai said viciously.
Pocky Hu didn’t eat this and was about to open his mouth to scold him, but he was stopped by Chen Ping!
“Zheng Gongzi, we have no intention to offend you, and we hope you can move out of the way to avoid any misunderstanding.”
Chen Ping said politely to that Zheng Kai.
Zheng Kai looked Chen Ping up and down, and then said with a disdainful expression, “What are you, do you have the right to speak here?”
“My name is Chen Ping, I don’t know if Lord Zheng has heard of me?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently.
After all, Chen Ping’s name now resounded throughout the martial arts world, and as this Zheng Kai had also boarded the plane from Kyoto, he would naturally have heard of Chen Ping’s name.
“You’re Chen Ping, the Chen Ping who doesn’t even put the Martial Arts Union in his sights?”
Zheng Kai said with some surprise.
“Not bad, it’s me!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Chen Ping had thought that if he admitted it, the other party would give face when they heard his name.
But who knew that Zheng Kai smiled coldly, “I have long heard that you are now the number one in the younger generation of the martial arts world, but I am a little unconvinced, the two of us will have a match, and if you beat me, I will let you go!”
Zheng Kai actually wanted to follow Chen Ping and have a match.
Chen Ping laughed, he didn’t know what to say, this Zheng Kai was really ignorant and fearless!
A little Martial Marquis, and he wanted to compete with himself!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but Pocky Hu laughed and said, “Kid, have some self-awareness, Chen Ping can easily defeat you even if he only uses one hand.”
“Humph, what’s the use of lip service, it’s better to do a real fight ……”
Zheng Kai said with a cold snort.
Seeing Zheng Kai’s disdainful look, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly turned to Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, just use one hand and defeat this guy, save him from wasting time.”
Chen Ping gave Hu Puzi a fierce glare, he hadn’t even spoken yet, and this guy was making the decision for himself!
“You’d better go home, for the sake of your father being the lord of a city, I won’t bother with you.”
“If anyone else had questioned me like that, they would have been a corpse by now.”
Chen Ping slowly said to that Zheng Kai.
“Good boy, you’re looking down on me …….”
With that, the aura on Zheng Kai’s body steeply exploded.
Immediately afterwards, Zheng Kai’s fists clenched tightly, and a characteristic blue light actually began to flash above his fists!
With a roar, Zheng Kai leapt up and swung both his fists towards Chen Ping.
A terrifying aura instantly enveloped Chen Ping and the others!
This Zheng Kai did not look like he wanted to deal with Chen Ping himself, but wanted to beat Chen Ping and the others together!
Seeing this, Chen Ping’s aura instantly exploded, an airburst sounded, and a huge wave of Qi instantly pushed Zheng Kai out!
“If you keep doing that, I’ll really do it?”
Chen Ping was furious when he saw that Zheng Kai was unrelenting.
Zheng Kai said with a furious look on his face, “What the f*ck is the number one in the younger generation of the martial arts world, I think it’s just a rice bucket, if you have the guts to fight back.”
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and the aura on his body intensified.
And at this moment, Zheng Kai had also grasped Chen Ping’s strength, so he did not take the initiative to attack at this time.
“Get lost ……”
When Chen Ping saw that Zheng Kai stopped in front and did not move, and also did not make a move, he became furious.
As Chen Ping’s words fell, his body also arrived in front of that Zheng Kai.