As Long Wu, who was taking a walk, his mobile phone suddenly rang, so he took it out and looked at it with a strange face.
During the time he was in Pill God Valley, no one had contacted him!
“Uncle Long, who sent you a message? Could it be a spam message?”
Wu Mei’er asked from the side.
During this period of time, she had been the one to accompany Long Wu on his walks, after all, Wu Mei’er didn’t have to cultivate either, while Xiao Lan was desperately cultivating every day, and throughout the Pill God Valley, but whenever Xu Changsheng and the others practiced any good pills, Xiao Lan would be the first to ask for them to eat!
Xu Changsheng and the others couldn’t do anything about Xiaolan, in their eyes, Xiaolan was Chen Ping’s woman, and since Chen Ping was the valley master, it was only natural that Xiaolan would be the wife of the Pill God Valley’s valley master!
“Who knows ……”
Long Wu said, opening the message.
When the video popped up, Long Wu was instantly frozen.
As he watched the picture, Long Ruotong was being viciously whipped, his body couldn’t help but tremble as anger rose up in his eyes.
If Long Wu had not lost his strength now, he would not hesitate to kill the Long family!
Even if he had to risk his own life, he would still have to give a good toss at the Long family!
“Uncle Long, what’s wrong?”
Wu Mei’er saw that Long Wu’s expression was a little off and hurriedly asked.
“Oh, it’s nothing ……”
Long Wu hurriedly put his phone away.
He didn’t want others to know, and even more so, he didn’t want Chen Ping to know, if Chen Ping found out, he would definitely be furious and kill the Long Family regardless of the consequences, by then, even if Chen Ping had three heads and six arms, there was no way he could escape from the Long Family!
The Long Family had a deep heritage, just those few elders, all of them were at the peak of Martial Sect, not to mention Long Jingguo himself, no one knew now what strength Long Jingguo had reached.
Wu Mei’er looked at Long Wu strangely, but did not ask any more questions, but went forward to gently support Long Wu who was constantly trembling!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, who was inside the room in closed-door cultivation, opened his eyes violently, and Chen Ping’s forehead was covered in cold sweat!
His forehead was covered in cold sweat! His body was also soaked through, he had never been in this situation when he was cultivating!
I don’t know why, but at this moment, Chen Ping felt his heart clenching together, as if he was being tugged by something!
“What’s going on here?”
Chen Ping frowned, his face slightly pale!
He wanted to be immersed in his cultivation, but he couldn’t be still so much.
Slowly getting up, Chen Ping walked out of the room as he tried to calm down.
Meanwhile, at the entrance of the Pill God Valley, Yu Dong was guarding the entrance of the valley with his men.
A man dressed in a daoist robe and walking as fast as he could approached!
“What kind of person? This is the Pill God Valley, outsiders are not allowed to enter ……”
Seeing the incoming person, Yu Dong hastily shouted to stop him!
“I am Venerable Ding Huan, I have come to Pill God Valley to seek medical help ……”
The visitor was none other than Long Xiao’s master, Venerable Ding Huan, who could only make a trip to Pill God Valley himself in order for Long Xiao to recover as soon as possible.
As soon as he heard that it was Venerable Ding Huan, Yu Dong immediately became respectful.
“So it is Venerable Ding Huan, please wait for a moment, I will immediately invite the elder out ……”
After Yu Dong finished speaking, he hurriedly turned around and ran towards the interior of the Pill God Valley.
Venerable Ding Huan, on the other hand, found a large rock to sit down and rest!
This whole way over, Venerable Ding Huan had not even stopped for the sake of speed.
It could be seen that he cared a lot about Long Xiao and simply treated him like his own son.
Soon, Xu Changsheng hurriedly arrived, and after seeing Venerable Ding Huan, he hurriedly came forward, “Venerable Ding Huan, what do you need, why do you need to run yourself, instruct your subordinates to inform you, I will just send it directly to Venerable Ding Huan.”
Venerable Ding Huan smiled, for this attitude of Xu Changsheng, Venerable Ding Huan was very happy in his heart.
“Elder Xu, one of my disciples was severely injured by someone and his bones were shattered, so I specially rushed over here in the hope that your Medicine God Valley has any spiritual pills to make my disciple recover ……”
Venerable Ding Huan asked.