Zhu Zhishan looked at Ning Zhi with some surprise, he didn’t expect Ning Zhi to analyse things in a straightforward manner at his young age.
“Invite Long Jingguo in!”
Zhu Zhishan wanted to see if Long Jingguo was following Ning Zhi’s words and had come over to discuss countermeasures with him or not.
Soon, Long Jingguo walked in, and when he saw Ning Zhi, he frowned slightly.
Ning Zhi instantly caught the change in Long Jingguo’s expression, so he followed Zhu Zhishan and said, “Allied Master, I still have some things to do, I’ll leave first ……”
With that, Ning Zhi was about to exit while being shouted at by Zhu Zhishan, “Vice Alliance Master Ning, you are now also a member of the Martial Alliance, sit aside and listen ……”
After saying that, Zhu Zhishan said to Long Jingguo, “Long Family Master, I wonder what you want to see me about ah?”
Looking at Zhu Zhishan’s posture, Long Jingguo’s heart just sneered.
Just now, he had watched Zhu Zhishan roll away with his own eyes, but now he was acting like a big tail.
However, Long Jingguo had to beg Zhu Zhishan this time, so he could only say respectfully, “Lord Zhu, I have come this time to discuss Chen Ping’s matter with Lord Zhu.”
“The matter of Chen Ping?” Zhu Zhishan pretended not to know anything and said with a frown, “What matters of Chen Ping?”
“Lord Zhu, our Dragon Family is going to hold a trial, and Mr. Shi has sent word that he wants that Chen Ping to attend as well, and you know the hatred our family’s Xiao’er has for following Chen Ping, if Chen Ping also goes to the trial, the two will definitely fight.”
“Come on today, that Chen Ping is too strong, my family’s Xiao’er is not necessarily a match for him, so I want to talk to Lord Zhu, when the time comes, we will join forces and kill Chen Ping together during the trials.”
“This will be beneficial to both you and I. Moreover, if we kill Chen Ping in the trial place, even Mr. Shi will have no way to blame him.”
Long Jingguo said straightforwardly to Zhu Zhishan.
Zhu Zhishan gave Ning Zhi a shocked look, he did not expect that Ning Zhi’s guess was indeed correct.
“Master Long Clan, I didn’t ask for your proposal, when the time comes, I will have the four experts from our Martial Alliance who are participating, follow Long Xiao and deal with that Chen Ping.”
Zhu Zhishan nodded his head and said.
“Master Zhu, that Chen Ping is tricky, if it’s just a few juniors, I’m afraid that I won’t be able to deal with that Chen Ping.” Long Jingguo looked at Zhu Zhishan and paused slightly before continuing, “Doesn’t Lord Zhu want to kill that Chen Ping with his own hands? He caused you to lose your arm.”
When Zhu Zhishan heard this, the anger in his body instantly rose, “Why wouldn’t I want to, I’d like to personally take that fellow Chen Ping’s tendons and skin.”
“It’s just that these trials are all attended by juniors from all the major clans and families, if I also go, I’m afraid that it will cause criticism back, not to mention that if I go, that Chen Ping is afraid that he won’t dare to go.”
Long Jingguo smiled faintly, “Zhu ally, this trial is held by my Long family, whether or not I can go is still not a word from my Long family, besides I can let Zhu ally hide secretly, after the ship leaves the sea, Zhu ally will appear, at that time even if Chen Ping knows about it, there is nowhere to escape.”
Zhu Zhishan’s eyes lit up and became a little excited: “Good, that’s a good idea, when the time comes, kill Chen Ping and throw him directly into the sea, even if he is an immortal reincarnation, I’ll see if in the sea, he still resurrects so ……”
Zhu Zhishan knew that Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator and had the ability to be able to repair his flesh, when the time came to throw Chen Ping directly into the sea, even if Chen Ping repaired his flesh in any way, it would not be of the slightest use, Chen Ping could only be buried at the bottom of the sea!
“Since Master Zhu agrees, then I will go and prepare, two days later, we will leave on time ……”
When Long Jingguo saw that Zhu Zhishan agreed, he got up and said goodbye!
After Long Jingguo left, Zhu Zhishan was in a great mood, “Hahahaha, this time it will be difficult for that Chen Ping to escape …………”
Ning Zhi looked at the laughing Zhu Zhishan, the corners of his mouth slightly hooked up into a smile, the sinister glint in his eyes, no one knew what he was thinking at the moment.