And this white armour actually flew over on its own and was put on Xiao Ru’s body.
Chen Ping thought of the girl in white armour he had seen in his dream, and she looked exactly the same as Xiao Ru!
Could Xiao Ru be the reincarnation of the girl in white armour?
Chen Ping did not believe that the girl in white armour was still alive, and that she was Xiao Ru.
In that dream, Chen Ping had watched the girl in white armour fall down with his own eyes.
No matter what Xiao Ru was, now Chen Ping had to find a way to bring her back to life!
Luckily, Xiao Ru was frozen in a flash, so her body was not seriously injured, as long as she could force the frozen cold Qi out of Xiao Ru’s body.
As soon as Chen Ping’s hands touched Xiao Ru, a piercing coldness instantly made Chen Ping let go of his hands.
That kind of coldness was able to instantly pierce through the skin and reach the internal organs, making it impossible for people to bear.
Chen Ping took a deep breath and pushed the spiritual energy within his body, and a blue flame pulsated above his palm!
Then he slowly approached Xiao Ru’s body, followed by his hands gently touching Xiao Ru!
The bone-chilling cold air forced its way again, while Chen Ping desperately blocked it with his spiritual energy and kept sending spiritual energy towards Xiao Ru’s body.
By relying on the spirit fire on his palms, Chen Ping did not let the cold air freeze his hands.
But after just a few minutes, Chen Ping’s body began to tremble, the huge consumption of spiritual energy made him unable to support himself, the spiritual fire on his hands began to weaken, and his hands flushed with white frost, beginning to have the prelude of freezing!
Seeing this, Chen Ping had no choice but to let go of his hands, looking at Xiao Ru in front of him, but Chen Ping could do nothing about it, which made him feel very self-conscious.
“Xiao Ru, don’t worry, this time I will save you no matter what ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth and looked around, the ground was full of beast pills, there would be no such thing as a lack of spiritual energy here.
Chen Ping planned to just cultivate here for the time being, boosting the spiritual energy in his body until he could save Xiao Ru!
Besides, Chen Ping still had that Duda’s YuanYing in his pocket, so if there was really no other way, Chen Ping could refine the YuanYing.
Sitting cross-legged, Chen Ping brought his Heart Condensation Technique into play, and the huge vortex, began to frantically absorb the spiritual Qi emanating from within those beast pills.
Chen Ping’s body shone with a dazzling golden light ……
………………
Dragon Lock Island!
The seawater along the coast had turned blood red, the corpses of dozens of demonic beasts were floating on the surface, after a day and night of fighting, many people had obtained beast pills!
But there were also people who had died for this, and a dozen corpses lay not far away, only no one paid any attention to those who had died.
The trials are inherently dangerous, so it is not unusual for people to die in the trials.
But no one noticed that many of these dead people had dried up bodies and old faces, as if they had been sucked by something!
Not far away, Long Xiao’s body was shrouded under a black robe as he sat cross-legged on the ground, a faint smile spreading across the corners of his mouth.
This trial had given him a taste of sweetness.
“If there are a few more opportunities like this, I will be able to help you reach the peak of Martial Marquis in a short period of time, and even break through to Great Martial Marquis effortlessly ……”
In Long Xiao’s mind, the old voice said.
“Senior, then when will I be able to reach the realm of Martial Saint?”
Long Xiao asked with some excitement.
“Martial Saint?” The pale old voice paused, “I’m afraid that Martial Saints are already a legend now …………”
Long Xiao was silent after hearing this!
It was indeed true, the current Martial Saint realm was just a legendary existence at the moment, although the martial dao was never ending, but all he could see and hear about was the Martial Saint realm!