Huo Dong laughed coldly, the Divine Flame Seal instantly produced a huge suction force, Chen Ping’s body to the fire, all the Divine Flame Seal was instantly absorbed by the Divine Flame Seal!
However, Chen Ping did not panic at all, because this Divine Flame Seal was his sooner or later, even if it was absorbed by the Divine Flame Seal, Chen Ping had nothing to lose!
At the same time as the Supreme Fire disappeared from Chen Ping’s body, two more sharp claws attacked, fortunately Chen Ping reacted quickly and instantly used his Dragon Cutting Sword to cut off the sharp claws!
“Hahaha, let me tell you, this technique of mine is capable of draining you to death, I would like to see how long you can last.”
Huo Dong held the Divine Flame Seal and said with a face full of triumph!
Seeing this, Huo Yuan Ting also heaved a sigh of relief, even if Chen Ping was not killed at this point, he would have been consumed alive!
Chen Ping looked at Huo Dong’s smug look and said with a cold smile, ”Your broken gong method, still really think I have no way out? I’m just coaxing you to have some fun.”
“Within this black mist, there is a multi-legged monster hidden, and these claws are all from that multi-legged monster’s attack.”
“Only that this multi-legged monster follows the black mist to merge into one, it is simply invisible, that is to say that this black mist is not a mist, these black mists are part of that multi-legged monster.”
Hearing Chen Ping say this, that Huo Dong frowned slightly, looking somewhat incredulous, “How did you …… know that?”
“What? Was I right?”
When Chen Ping saw Huo Dong’s expression, he smiled playfully and said, “I was guessing, I didn’t think that you, the brute, would fall for it ……”
Seeing this, Huo Dong said with a cold face, “Chen Ping, even if you guessed, you will never be able to kill that monster because there is no way you can discover it.”
“Whether you can discover it or not is not up to you ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, followed by a red light flashing on his forehead!
A strange eye then unexpectedly grew rapidly on Chen Ping’s forehead!
“This …………”
Seeing this strange scene of Chen Ping, everyone was confused!
Huo Dong and Huo Yuan Ting were also looking on incredulously, they did not understand how this Chen Ping had suddenly grown an eye for good reason.
As Chen Ping’s Heavenly Underworld Eye opened, the entire world turned grey!
No matter what it was, everything was exposed to the Heavenly Underworld Eye!
This was the Red Cloud Demon Lord’s best trick, in a small place like the Celestial Realm, nothing could escape the detection of the Heavenly Underworld Eye!
Under the Heavenly Underworld Eye, the multi-legged monster appeared clearly in front of Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword and instantly stabbed towards the vital parts of that multi-legged monster!
Just now, Chen Ping could only passively defend, so he could only cut off the claws of the multi-legged monster, and could not do any damage to the multi-legged monster at all!
However, it was different now, with the support of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Chen Ping could clearly see the silhouette of the multi-legged monster.
Puff …………
With a stab, the Dragon Sword instantly penetrated the body of the multi-legged monster!
Immediately after that, the flames on the Dragon Chopping Sword rose and erupted with fierce flames!
The multi-legged monster let out a ghostly cry and was directly engulfed by the flames.
Seeing this, Huo Dong used the Divine Flame Seal to absorb the flames with his hands and feet, but the multi-legged monster had also disappeared long ago!
The black mist in the sky also disappeared along with it!
Looking at the disappearing black mist, Huo Dong’s entire being was somewhat confused!
He didn’t understand how many things Chen Ping, a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Ferrying Realm, actually knew?
The Purple Flame Sect’s determination knew all of them!
There were also those three eyes just now, which were obviously very powerful feats as well!
Moreover, Chen Ping also possessed six types of Supreme Flames!
What kind of person is this? Why would a Fourth Grade of the Transition Realm have all these things?
Huo Dong had been beaten by Chen Ping to the point where he was a little self-conscious, he had utilised the Divine Flame Seal to perform all the feats that could only be performed by the Ghost Face Sect’s Mahayana Realm, but he did not expect to be cracked by Chen Ping with ease!