The bald head didn’t have time to react, Bai Shallow had already arrived in front of him!
The bald man fought to slap out his palm, trying to block Bai Shallow, but Bai Shallow gently swayed his body and directly dodged it!
Then a kick was given towards the bald head’s lower body!
Pfft…………
This seemingly ordinary kick directly turned that bald head into a eunuch!
“Ah…………”
The intense pain caused that bald head to scream miserably!
The sixth rank of the Transition Realm had no power to fight back in front of Bai Shao, the seventh rank of the Transition Realm!
It was evident that these Jade Pope Sect guys, who used evil techniques to harvest yin and replenish yang to elevate their realm, were not much use at all, and their true strength was not reached!
And without sharpening, and the kind of bouts where you face life and death, it wouldn’t do to raise the realm alone and not have enough actual combat power!
You have to know that Bai Shao, as the only female among the three kings and four kings, has always been discriminated against!
And also often bullied, if not the fire phoenix time to help, white shallow estimate can not reach this realm!
Now Bai Shao was taking one step at a time, cultivating to the seventh rank of the Transition Realm in a down-to-earth manner, following the bald head wasn’t the same!
“So weak?”
Chen Ping saw that bald head was kicked by Bai Shallow, and there was no more fighting, he couldn’t help but be surprised “If I knew that it’s a fancy bloke, I wouldn’t need you to do it, I’d have destroyed them myself ……”
Bai Shao laughed, then retreated back “You do it yourself, I also happen to appreciate it, to see how powerful you really are ……”
Chen Ping smiled and instantly rushed forward with his Dragon Cutting Sword in hand!
Facing a few cultivators of the third or fourth grade of the Transitional Appearance realm, Chen Ping already had a good idea of what to expect!
A first grade cultivator of the Transitional Apparition realm against four or five cultivators of the third or fourth grade of the Transitional Apparition realm, this was something that no one could believe if they did not see it with their own eyes!
Now that Bai Shao was watching with her own eyes, she had to believe Chen Ping, this guy did have some talent!
A few minutes later, all those cultivators from the Jade Pope Sect fell to the ground!
Chen Ping did not kill them, he only broke their arms and legs!
Putting away the Dragon Beheading Sword, Chen Ping turned his gaze towards Old Man Miao and Cai Hongwei and the others!
These people instantly understood and directly rushed up with their weapons, chopping those people from the Jade Pope Sect into mincemeat!
Chen Ping had deliberately left his hand open to allow Old Miao and the others to take revenge!
After killing those people from the Jade Pu Sect, Miao Lao and Cai Hongwei found Chen Ping and said with a prayerful face “Mr Chen, please also help and save Miao Miao and Qian Nan as soon as possible ……”
“Don’t worry, I will go now, let Fire Phoenix lead the way for me, you guys find a place to rest here ……”
Chen Ping let Fire Phoenix lead the way to save Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan!
The others rested, after all, many of them were injured and following would be an added burden.
“Thanks a lot Mr Chen ……”
Miao Lao and Cai Hongwei once again knelt down to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping hurriedly helped the two up!
“Chen Ping, I came to this Divine Demon Battlefield but for the treasures, not to save people, have you forgotten how you promised me?”
“Do you think that you are capable and don’t need me anymore?”
Bai Shao said with great displeasure!
Wasting time in order to save someone else, one must know that in the middle of what battlefield this is, time is the most precious!
“You don’t follow me, where can I deal with it on my own, big deal, I can continue to add times ……”
Chen Ping had no choice but to sell his body again!
The big deal is to add a few more times a day, you can’t just see it die ah!
“Master, what times to add?” Fire Phoenix asked curiously!
“Don’t ask, this is a secret between the two of us.”
Chen Ping did not let the Fire Phoenix ask!
Instead, the fire phoenix looked at Bai Shao and said “Fox Royal Lady, what secret do you have with master? Why are you still being mysterious.”