Long Xiao nodded, “Good, get down to business!”
Afterwards, Long Xiao gathered all the people on the cruise ship who had participated in the trial.
This time, it could be said that there were a lot of deaths and injuries, following the battle with the demonic beasts on the shore, some people died, following the battle with Chen Ping, another ten or so died.
When they finally escaped, a few were also killed within the palace!
This was the first time that more than twenty people had died in one trial!
But likewise, it was the only time that so many resources had been obtained in the middle of a trial!
Everyone had at least a hundred beast pills with them, and there were still many rare beast pills in there, but they were just a little less effective because of their age.
But these beast pills were absolutely priceless!
“Gentlemen, I have gathered you all together to tell you that this trial is held by our Dragon Family, so the resources obtained this time need to be unified and handed over to our Dragon Family, and then they will be distributed to all of you.”
“I hope that you will all hand over the beast pills that you have obtained, and I will redistribute them when the time comes.”
Long Xiao turned to the crowd . He said loudly.
Long Xiao’s words instantly caused everyone to shout out in discontent.
“Duke Long, what do you mean by that? Although the trial was organized by your Long Family, it didn’t say anything about distributing resources?”
“Long Xiao, you’re f*cking unloading on the donkey, what did you say when you just killed that Chen Ping?”
“Yes, what the hell are you? Now that Chen Ping is dead and Locked Dragon Island is gone, you’re falling on your sword?”
“I won’t hand it over, do it if you have the guts, there are so many of us, we are still afraid of you?”
The crowd all roared in anger, how could anyone be willing to hand over the resources that were in their hands.
Hearing the roar of the crowd, Long Xiao was not angry, the corners of his mouth slightly raised and said, “You can also not hand over, then wait for seven days later, intestines through the belly rotten and die ……”
“Long Xiao, what do you mean?”
Someone . questioned loudly.
“No other meaning, do you still remember the Qi gathering pills you took before you left? If you don’t want to die, then obediently hand over the beast pills and I will redistribute them to you.”
Long Xiao said with a cold smile.
Hearing Long Xiao say so, the crowd began to curse one after another.
Cursing the Long Family for being shameless and cursing the Long Family for not deserving a good death ……
No matter how they cursed, Long Xiao was not angry, even Zhu Zhishan who looked at the side admired Long Xiao a little.
The actual fact is that when it comes to the moment of life and death, there will be someone who will compromise.
Soon, someone handed over the beast pellet.
Immediately afterwards, more and more people handed over their beast pills!
In the end, there was only one person, Ge Jiayi, who had not handed over the Beast Pill.
“Miss Ge, aren’t you afraid that your intestines will rot through your belly?”
Long Xiao looked at Ge Jiayi suspiciously, “I can tell you, I’m not lying to you at all, if you don’t hand over the Beast Pill, I won’t give you the antidote.”
“I’m not afraid, I can die, but I won’t hand over the beast pills.”
Ge Jiayi sneered.
Because Ge Jiayi hadn’t taken that Qi Gathering Pill at all, she didn’t have anything to fear.
Long Xiao looked at Ge Jiayi with an angry face, but because of Ge Jiayi’s status, Long Xiao didn’t do anything to her.
Long Xiao put all the beast pills together and started to distribute them uniformly!
Only that the distribution was not evenly distributed, but according to the size and strength of the clan families.
The children of those big clan families received more, while the children of some small clan families received very little.
Although the children of the small clans were dissatisfied, they could do nothing but curse in their hearts!
The sons and daughters of the big clans were satisfied and would not bother the Dragon Family!
This is a society where the weak are strong, and this is the law of survival.
During this trial trip, Long Xiao obtained quite a lot of beast pills and also destroyed Chen Ping, so it was a double harvest.
The only regret was that Long Xiao had lost an arm.