Upon hearing this, Xiao Feng and Xiao Jian hurriedly saluted the white-robed old man!
This eleventh Prime Minister could be much older than their father!
These people were all old, meritorious ministers of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty ……
“There is no need for the two emperors to be courteous, that child with the sword, what kind of person is he? Why do you want to be an enemy of my Xiao Imperial Dynasty?”
The old prime minister asked!
“He is someone from the Demon Sealing Alliance, and now the Demon Sealing Alliance has declared war after our Xiao Imperial Dynasty.”
Xiao Feng replied!
“Demon Sealing Alliance?”The old prime minister frowned slightly before shaking his head, “I have not heard of it ……”
“Old Prime Minister, the Demon Sealing Alliance was not established very long ago, it is an alliance organisation, it is normal for the Old Prime Minister not to have heard of it.”
Yu Wenqiang explained!
“So that’s how it is, such an organisation that was just established not too long ago, also dares to declare war on my Xiao Dynasty, it seems that the prestige of my Xiao Dynasty is gone ah!”
After the old prime minister finished speaking, he then walked towards that 10th Highness and slowly spoke, “My Xiao Dynasty has existed for thousands of years, even during the period of the Divine and Demonic Wars, my Xiao Dynasty did not perish and has existed strongly, you, a what’s-it Seal Demon Alliance, still want to be the enemy of my Xiao Dynasty.”
“Unconscionable, unconscionable ……”
After the old prime minister said two sentences of unselfconsciousness one after another, he suddenly remembered to step out!
Behind the old prime minister, a hundred-foot statue of a god appeared, and along with the appearance of the statue, a vast and righteous aura stirred in the air above the entire imperial city!
Heaven and earth are honoured, and I am the subject!
When the idol opened, it shook the ten thousand troops!
At this moment, the old prime minister was like a heavenly immortal ruler, with an awe-inspiring look and a vast positive aura!
The Tenth Highness was holding a lollipop, the corner of his mouth cracked, “Finally, I’ve seen someone with a bit of strength from the Xiao Dynasty, the ones just now are all rubbish ……”
Although the Tenth Highness acknowledged the strength of this old prime minister, he was nevertheless not the slightest bit alarmed!
Seeing the calm and collected look of the Tenth Highness, the old prime minister arched his hand and said, “Please instruct ……”
After saying that, he only saw the Old Prime Minister’s body instantly fade, directly merging into that hundred foot idol!
The fist that was like a mountain then smashed down towards that Tenth Highness!
With a wave of the long sword in the hands of the Tenth Highness, a hundred foot blade aura appeared and directly crossed before that fist!
Boom!
With this fist, it instantly smashed that blade aura, and the Ten Highness’s figure also retreated rapidly!
“It’s a bit interesting ……”
“It’s kind of interesting ……”
The Tenth Highness smiled faintly!
“You’re not bad either ……” The old prime minister finished, and once again threw a punch towards the tenth highness!
And this time, that Tenth Highness actually took the initiative to dodge and did not meet the attack!
Boom!
This fist, ruthlessly smashed into the ground, and in an instant, a hole as deep as a hundred metres appeared!
Seeing that the Tenth Highness took the initiative to dodge, Xiao Feng and the others finally saw hope in their eyes!
This was because this was the first time that this Tenth Highness did not dare to meet the attack!
The body of the Tenth Highness was suspended in mid-air, following the Old Prime Minister’s hundred-foot idol across the sky!
“It’s over, this old guy is going to suffer ……”
At this time, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch suddenly spoke!
Chen Ping asked in disbelief, “Senior, it is clear that this old prime minister has the upper hand, how could he possibly suffer a loss?”
That 10th Highness had been beaten to the point where he didn’t dare to fight back, only dodging, so how could the old prime minister possibly be at a disadvantage?
“You’ve forgotten that this little than pup isn’t the original body, if it was his original body that came, could this old man not suffer a loss?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping froze with all of a sudden, he seemed to have forgotten this point!
It was already so awesome if it wasn’t the original body, if this was the original body that came, this old prime minister would not necessarily be a match!
Just as the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s words had just fallen, the entire void began to twist and distort!
Rumble!
Accompanied by bursts of loud noises, in that void, a heaven-destroying aura came pouring out in a steady stream!
Feeling this aura, everyone’s faces changed drastically!
Because in that distorted void, a figure slowly appeared!
Along with this figure becoming clearer and clearer, the Tenth Highness in front of them smiled faintly and unexpectedly slowly disappeared!
The main body has arrived ……
The crowd had a look of horror on their faces!