“After you get off the plane, listen to me in everything and show the fascination for me in your eyes, you are now the one who has been successfully charmed by me, so show that insatiable love, otherwise you are likely to wear out your welcome ……”
Xiaolan whispered to Chen Ping and admonished him.
Chen Ping nodded slightly, one hand deadly hugged Xiaolan, hard on Xiaolan’s body to smell the woman’s fragrance, eyes dewy with the kind of lust Xiaolan said ……
…………
The Miao Village, the Miao King’s bedroom, at this moment the Miao King is looking at himself in the mirror, and then slowly pick up a photo, the photo is long, are beginning to yellow, and on the photo there are a man and a woman two people.
The man in the photo was the same as when King Miao was young, when he still had a head of black hair and was very handsome, while the girl had clear eyebrows and was wearing a flowery dress, very beautiful, but the girl’s face was very similar to that of Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan.
The girl’s face was very similar to Wu Mei’er’s and Xiao Lan’s. Looking at the girl in the photo, King Miao slowly stroked the girl’s face with his hand and said with tenderness in his eyes: “Fengling, twenty years have pa*sed, twenty years have pa*sed in a blink of an eye, now your daughter has grown up, she looks almost exactly like you. Let’s see, I’ve decorated the room, after she comes back this time, I’ll be a real couple with her, I’m sure that being in bed with your daughter will remind me of the feeling I had with you …………”
Miao Wang held the photo and murmured to himself, and his eyes grew hotter and hotter, the girl’s face in the photo, under the vigorous rubbing of Miao Wang, the image also became more and more blurred.
At this moment, the door of Miao Wang’s bedroom was suddenly pushed open and a member of the Miao Village burst in, which startled Miao Wang and hurriedly threw the photo in his hand onto the table.
The Miaozhai member was also startled when he saw the Miao King’s bad face and hurriedly said with a pale face, “Miao King, Miss Xiaolan has already gotten off the plane and will arrive at the Miaozhai in a few hours ……”
The Miaozhai members lowered their heads, not daring to look at the Miao King’s eyes.
“Hmm, got it ……”
The Miao King nodded and suddenly beckoned his hand, only to see that Miao Village member’s body tremble, followed by a dark-bodied insect flying out from inside his mouth.
And when the worm flew out of his body, that Miao Village member instantly died violently with his eyes wide open and bleeding from his seven orifices ……
“Someone, drag the corpse away ……”
The Miao King did not even glance at the corpse on the ground and ordered loudly.
Soon, the men dragged the corpse away, while King Miao looked out of the window with hot eyes, “I have endured this for twenty years, finally I can explode ……”
After saying that, King Miao slowly pulled out a small porcelain vase from his body, and on the top of the vase were written the words Hephaisan.
The fact that he has raised Xiaolan for twenty years, King Miao knows Xiaolan’s nature, not to mention that Xiaolan is naturally charming, but has never been touched by a man, so if he wants to get Xiaolan, he has to use some tricks to do so.
………………
In a city airport in the southwest, Chen Ping followed Xiaolan out of the airport like a pair of lovers in love!
The temperature here is obviously a few degrees warmer than in Hongcheng, so people here are dressed even cooler, with many girls walking down the street in just shorts and suspenders.
Xiao Lan also changed her clothes early, super short jeans, white halter top, with a big sungla*ses on her face, attracting the attention of many men. If Chen Ping hadn’t been holding Xiao Lan’s arm, it is estimated that some men would have come up to hit on her.
Seeing such a big beauty with white skin like Xiaolan being hooked up to Chen Ping at such a close distance, many men cast hostile glances at Chen Ping, only that Chen Ping did not care.