“I have a feeling that those dead cultivators died by having their cultivation drained.”
Chen Ping said as he pulled out an elixir and handed it to Missy’s brother!
“Suction? How come I can’t detect it?”The youngest sister was puzzled!
While Missy’s brother was nodding his head repeatedly, “Yes, although I can’t feel that suction, I can detect that my body is getting worse and worse, and all those dead cultivators are just like dry corpses.”
“Then where did the suction force come from?”Missy asked!
Chen Ping shook his head, “I’m not sure, it’s not possible to use divine sense to probe here, it’s not very easy to find the source of that suction.”
Just as Chen Ping was about to take a closer look at the cell and ask Brother Missy in detail, a voice suddenly came.
“Time is up …….”
That Captain Zhou shouted outside!
“Brother, hold on, I will find a way to save you.”
The youngest sister grabbed her brother’s hand and said!
“En!”Missy’s brother nodded!
“Don’t forget to take the elixir, otherwise you won’t be able to hold on for much longer.”Chen Ping said to the youngest sister’s brother!
The youngest sister’s brother directly threw the elixir given by Chen Ping into his mouth!
As the elixir poisoned his face, the youngest sister’s brother’s colour improved significantly!
The youngest sister saw this, but also rest assured a lot!
Coming out of the cell, Chen Ping took another look at the ancient tree in the sky, and then followed Missy Sister to leave the prison!
“It’s getting late, we need to hurry up and get out of the city, if the city gates are closed, we’ll be in trouble.”
The youngest sister looked at the sky and said!
“Could it be that this Beast City still doesn’t allow outsiders to live?”Chen Ping asked in surprise!
“That’s not true, it’s just that there is a curfew at night, so if we stay in the city, we have to look for an inn to stay at.”
“If you don’t have a place to stay, you are to be arrested and not allowed to appear on the streets.”
“It’s too expensive to stay here, so let’s go out of the city and find a random place to stay up for the night, and just enter the city the next day.”
The youngest sister followed Chen Ping and explained!
“Staying in a shop is staying in a shop, if we go out of the city, we still have to queue up to enter the city tomorrow, it’s too much of a waste of time!”
“And I’m not bad at all, now let’s go to the best inn and stay there for the night!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Seeing this, the youngest sister did not say anything, and then led Chen Ping to find an inn!
Before it became completely dark, Chen Ping and the others found a very luxurious inn, Missy looked at the inn, but hesitated a little!
“What’s wrong?”Chen Ping asked!
“This inn is the best in the entire Beast City, it’s very expensive, it costs three Purple Gold Spirit Coins a night.”
Missy said!
“But it’s only three Purple Gold Spirit Coins, I thought it was much more expensive.”
Chen Ping said, directly walking in!
Seeing this, the youngest sister could only follow behind!
“Fellow Daoist, staying at the shop?”At this time a shop assistant came over and asked!
“Yes, staying at the shop, open two rooms for me, the best.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly threw out a small bag of Purple Gold Spirit Coins, which contained dozens of them!
The shop assistant took a look and immediately smiled and said, “No problem, I’ll go and arrange it right now!”
“Wait!”The youngest sister called out to the shop assistant and said, “We want one room, we don’t need to open two!”
The shop assistant was stunned, then nodded and said, “Good ……”
Chen Ping looked at Missy and asked, “Open a room, are you not afraid of me?”
“What am I afraid of you?”Missy asked back!
“Are you not afraid of me putting you to sleep?”Chen Ping was very curious, at first, Missy was so wary of herself!
Now even want to take the initiative to open a room, could it be that his charm is so great?
“If you want to sleep with me, even if you open two rooms, you can’t stop you ah.”
Missy said!
“That’s true!”Chen Ping smiled!
Soon, the two people’s rooms were ready!