Although Zheng Jian didn’t say anything along the way, but his heart had already hated Ochre Yan!
Originally, he was going to take down his junior sister, but now Ochre Amazing a remnant soul remodelled in a physical body was following Jiang Yulian and kissing her!
Zheng Jian muffled his voice as he followed Chen Ping and the others to the vicinity of the Devil Swallowing Cave!
“Mr Chen, if you walk forward, you will reach the Devil Swallowing Cave area, so be in high spirits, because at some point, a strange suction force will suddenly appear, and then it will suck the whole person inside the Devil Swallowing Cave!”
Jiang Yulian pointed ahead and instructed Chen Ping!
“En, I know!” Chen Ping nodded, then slowly walked forwards!
Ochre Yan followed behind Chen Ping, but was pulled back by Jiang Yulian “You have just remodelled your physical body and your realm is too low, you should not go in, let’s follow Mr Chen ……”
Jiang Yulian had a worried look on her face, worried that Ochre Yan’s realm was too low and would be in danger!
“I’ll be fine, with Mr Chen around, you can all rest assured!”
Ochre Yan comforted!
He had followed Chen Ping for a while and knew that Chen Ping was the Chosen Son, no matter what kind of danger he encountered, he could always turn it into a safe journey in the end!
Jiang Yulian saw that Ochre Yan insisted on following, so she took off the jade stone from her chest and wore it on Ochre Yan’s body!
“If you put this on, you’ll be able to withstand a bit against attacks like divine souls when the time comes!”
Jiang Yulian said with concern!
Ochre Yan nodded, then pulled Jiang Yulian’s hand and slowly followed behind Chen Ping!
Zheng Jian, who was in the back, was so angry that he could not wait to gnash his teeth!
Chen Ping did not know about Ochre Yan following Jiang Yulian’s show of affection, he only focused on the Devil Swallowing Cave now!
Along with getting closer and closer to the Devil Swallowing Cave, a strange force suddenly filled all around Chen Ping and the others!
Immediately after this force turned into a huge suction force!
Everyone only felt their bodies lighten, followed by a rapid movement towards the Devil Swallowing Cave! <br>
This sudden change made Jiang Yulian and the girls hurriedly run their spiritual power to resist, and each of them hugged the big tree to prevent this suction force from sucking them into the Devil Swallowing Cave!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, did not resist this suction, he completely dispersed his breath, and his entire person was just like an ordinary person!
Just as Chen Ping dispersed his breath, the huge suction force magically disappeared!
Chen Ping then looked at Jiang Yulian and the others, all of them were desperately resisting and clinging to the tree!
But even so, their bodies were suspended in mid-air, and it looked as if they would not be able to hold on!
“Give up resisting, converge all your aura, see yourself as an ordinary person, an ordinary person without any spiritual power ……”
Chen Ping said loudly to the three of them!
Upon hearing Chen Ping’s shout, the three hurriedly collected their spiritual energy and subsequently converged their breath.
That peculiar suction force also gradually disappeared, and in the end, all three of them steadily landed on the ground!
“Mr Chen, what is this situation?”
Ochre Yan asked Chen Ping incredulously!
They couldn’t feel the suction force when they collected their breath, this was too amazing!
“This Devil Swallowing Cave entrance must have been laid with a spell formation, and the condition for this spell formation to activate is that above a specific distance in this vicinity, when there is a cultivator’s breath pervading the area, this spell formation will activate, and then a huge suction force will be generated!”
“If one converges their breath and turns into an ordinary person, then this formation will lose its activation condition, so that huge suction force will disappear as well.”
Chen Ping explained!
When Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian heard this, they immediately felt remorseful, if they had taken Chen Ping with them in the beginning, perhaps those of their brothers and sisters would not have been sucked into the Devil Swallowing Cave with their lives and deaths unknown!
As cultivators, when they came to the vicinity of the Devil Swallowing Cave, all of them would unconsciously operate their breath and remain vigilant against the dangers that would come at any time!
Who would converge their breath and become an ordinary person, wandering around the Devil Devouring Cave?
Because of this, this Devil Swallowing Cave will be repeatedly successful, do not know how many cultivators swallowed in!