‘Unafraid of the Supreme Flame?’ Huo Dong also frowned, ‘Could it be that that fellow is a True Fire Hegemony Body?’
‘How could that be, the True Fire Hegemony Body requires ten types of Supreme Flames to be tempered, and one must also be able to withstand them in order to train into a True Fire Hegemony Body.’
‘That guy obviously can’t be a True Fire Hegemony Body, I suspect that he has some kind of supreme treasure on him that can restrain the Supreme Flames only.’
Huo Yuanting shook his head and said!
Huo Yuan Ting was right, Chen Ping was not some True Fire Hegemony Body, he was just using his Extreme Cold Ice Flame to protect his body!
If someone with a stronger Supreme Flame than Chen Ping came and directly broke through Chen Ping’s Extreme Cold Ice Flame, there was no way Chen Ping could not be burned!
‘Sometime, I’m going to meet this guy.’
Huo Dong was very interested in Chen Ping!
‘Son, you need to keep a low profile in these days, if there is a conflict and you can’t get Elder Yu and the others to agree to open the Divine Volcano it will be troublesome.’
Huo Yuanting reminded!
‘I understand!’ Huo Dong nodded!
The secret meeting lasted until midnight before it was dissolved!
For Elder Yu and the others, they simply did not know about this secret meeting convened by Huo Yuan Ting in the middle of the night!
Early the next morning!
Wei Qing arrived at Chen Ping’s courtyard very early in the morning, he wanted to see if Chen Ping was sleeping with Qian Xiu!
But when he saw Chen Ping following Qian Xiu out from two different rooms, he was a little happy inside!
It seemed that Chen Ping was really a gentleman and had not taken the opportunity to sleep with Qian Xiu!
‘Senior brother, why are you here so early?’
Chen Ping saw Wei Qing and asked in great confusion!
What was Wei Qing doing running here this early in the morning?
‘Senior brother, master told me to come and find you, wanting to take you to meet senior sister Zhu Ling!’
Wei Qing said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he nodded happily!
If he was able to learn the Supreme Fire Fusion Method from this Zhu Ling, Chen Ping would not have to stay incognito in the Purple Flame Sect!
‘You want to take senior brother to meet senior sister Zhu Ling?’
Qian Xiu was astonished when she heard that!
‘Yes, my master is taking senior brother there, this kind of opportunity doesn’t come to everyone, I really envy senior brother.’
Wei Qing said!
Qian Xiu wasn’t talking anymore, but it could be seen that her face wasn’t looking too good!
Because she knew that following Zhu Ling in comparison, she was much inferior!
If there was no comparison, Zhu Ling could still slowly seduce Chen Ping!
But if Chen Ping were to meet Zhu Ling, he would only think of Zhu Ling in his heart and would not even look at Qian Xiu!
Chen Ping also saw the meaning of Qian Xiu, but did not say anything, compared to him really have no feelings for Qian Xiu!
Can’t feel nothing at all, just to please Qianxiu, to sleep with others!
How to say, she is still a big girl, it is irresponsible to do so!
Chen Ping followed Wei Qing to meet Elder Yu!
After meeting Elder Yu, Elder Yu said, ‘I’ve already followed and greeted you, and I’ll take you over to meet your Senior Sister Zhu Ling today.’
‘Wei Qing also go along, it seems like you haven’t met your senior sister Zhu Ling yet!’
‘What? I can also meet senior sister Zhu Ling? Awesome!’ Wei Qing shouted excitedly!
Looking at Wei Qing’s out of sorts appearance, Elder Yu hurriedly coughed twice!
This was too humiliating!
Only then did Wei Qing put away his excitement and tried to control his emotions!
The two of them followed Elder Yu out of the mansion and then headed deeper into the Violet Flame Sect!
The deeper one went towards the Purple Flame Sect, the guard was tight and the strength of the disciples were not low!
‘Senior brother, even the inner disciples can’t easily enter here.’
Wei Qing whispered to Chen Ping!
However, Chen Ping was a little confused as he realised that he seemed to have walked this road before!
Especially the surrounding buildings, it seemed like he had seen them all before when he was wandering around last night!
‘Master, after meeting Senior Sister Zhu Ling, will we be able to meet the Old Sect Master?’
Chen Ping asked!