“Chen Ping, this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu is a masterless object, whoever gets it is the one who owns it, you are threatening us to leave before you get it now, aren’t you a bit too domineering?”
Zhu Hao stepped forward and said as he looked coldly at Chen Ping.
“Go, or die, you can choose yourselves!”
A terrifying aura began to erupt from Chen Ping’s body, spreading out in an instant in all directions!
Chen Ping knew that if he could not subdue these people at this time, then there would be endless trouble behind him!
Sensing that terrifying aura from Chen Ping, the faces of the crowd all changed slightly, and some began to falter and retreat!
Many of them would not be able to get the ten thousand year old herb, so why stay here and look for death!
“Since this Chen Ping dares to follow the Martial Alliance against them, he must have real ability.”
“Establishing the Dragon Sect at a young age and having Mr. Shi backing him up, we’d better not mess with him!”
“Let’s go, no matter who gets the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, it’s not our turn to be scattered soldiers.”
The crowd whispered and began to leave slowly, although they looked at the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu with reluctance, but there was nothing they could do.
When Zhu Hao saw that the crowd was leaving, he said loudly, “Gentlemen, as long as you can stand with me and help me get that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, I, Zhu Hao, promise that everyone who contributes will get the Thousand Year Medicinal Herb.”
“I’m sure you’ve all heard about the strength of my Zhu family, our Zhu family has developed in seclusion for hundreds of years, and was able to make a splash and stand out among the many martial arts families thanks to the vast resources of our Zhu family!”
“Now as long as someone helps me, that is my Zhu Family’s friend ……”
Zhu Hao’s words made the crowd who were hopeless and wanted to slip away all stop!
Although a 10,000 year old medicinal herb wasn’t particularly rare, it was better than making a trip for nothing!
Besides, they could also use it to make connections with the Zhu family.
Soon, all of them went to Zhu Hao’s side and stood behind him!
The strength of the people Zhu Hao had brought with him was not weak, but now with the addition of these people, they were even stronger!
“Chen Ping, if you withdraw of your own accord, I can give you this mountain ginseng in my hand, so that we can all be at peace with each other!”
“But if you insist on fighting with me for this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, the final result is something that I’m afraid you won’t be able to bear.”
Zhu Hao had the peak expert of the Grand Martial Marquis by his side, and with the Martial Saint Artifact hidden in his body, he was not afraid of Chen Ping at all!
But Zhu Hao didn’t know that Chen Ping was following several black and silver robed fighters from the Martial Alliance, and they had two Martial Saint weapons, but they were all killed by Chen Ping!
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand now was not something that could be compared to ordinary Martial Saint weapons.
“Humph, that mountain ginseng was buried there by me, it was originally mine, isn’t it a bit ridiculous for you to say that you are giving it to me now?”
Chen Ping coldly snorted.
When Zhu Hao heard this, his face was full of anger, this time he could be sure that he had just been tricked by Chen Ping.
Fortunately, the vision of this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu was powerful, otherwise at this moment, Chen Ping would have taken it and run away, then Zhu Hao was afraid that he would regret it to death!
“Chen Ping, you actually used such underhanded ploys to trick us, it seems that the rumours about you in the martial arts world are all false, you are just a villain who relies on underhanded ploys!”
“Now that this place is far away from Kyoto, without Mr. Shi behind you, I’ll see if you can still make waves!”
Zhu Hao stared angrily at Chen Ping, his body erupting with a thick battle intent!
“Chen Ping, this isn’t going to be too good ……”
Hu Puzi came close to Chen Ping and said, “That Hong Qianjiu next to us doesn’t know what he means, he hasn’t said a word, if we fight and lose, I’m afraid this kid will be the one to reap the benefits.”
Hu Puzi was afraid that if Chen Ping followed Zhu Hao in a fight, Hong Qianjiu would end up gaining!