Such a strange and magnificent place had been hidden for an unknown number of years and had never been discovered, so Chen Ping wondered if they counted themselves lucky.
“Let’s go and have a look.” Hu Ma Zi couldn’t restrain himself either.
Soon the two arrived at this altar-like place.
Only to see that at the mouth of this altar, there stood a huge stone tablet, and on it, a line was carved, “I, who always stand on the sword mound ……”
Just this line of words stood at this entrance, seemingly telling Jang to those who came after him.
Chen Ping stood in front of this stone monument looking at this line of words, his gaze gradually lost some concentration.
The words had a sword-like aura on them, and this was what the owner of this tomb had used his two fingers to carve on this monument, in one go!
These few words were permeated with the deep understanding of the Dao of the Sword of the owner of this monument! An ordinary person would not be able to tell!
Right in front of this stone tablet, Chen Ping stopped moving and just tilted his head, looking at the tablet with a puzzled expression.
Chen Ping felt that he could figure out a hint of the Sword Dao sword intent on this stone tablet.
Seeing that Chen Ping was suddenly staring at the stele, Hu Ma Zi said, “What’s wrong? Do you see something?”
But it was as if Chen Ping had not heard Hu Puzi’s words, he still stood motionless!
Hu Pazzi frowned slightly and reached out to push Chen Ping a little, fearing that Chen Ping was being controlled by something.
Here, anything could happen, and Chen Ping’s spiritual power was not strong enough, so there was a good chance that his mind would be controlled!
But Hu Ma Zi’s hand stopped just as he reached out.
He saw that Chen Ping looked as if he had fallen into a trance, and his eyes were so dull that his pupils had dilated, and his entire eyes were white, looking very frightening.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s spiritual world had already been pulled into the stone tablet. Chen Ping also noticed the abnormality and tried to break free from this spiritual bondage, but no matter how he struggled, it was useless.
Chen Ping’s body was trembling and his forehead was dripping with sweat.
Hu Pazi’s face became extremely ugly and he fiercely took out a talisman and drew on it after biting his finger.
Chen Ping had already entered another world at this moment, and all the scenes in front of him had completely changed their appearance.
“Where is this? Where is this?”
Chen Ping shouted desperately, but no one answered him.
The world before Chen Ping’s eyes was a grey haze, while he was standing on top of a huge rock.
As the world before him became clearer and clearer, Chen Ping was surprised to find that in front of him were corpses everywhere!
There were millions of corpses, and the bloody aura rose to the sky. Terrible auras were floating around, and Chen Ping wanted to absorb them into his body, but no matter how much he ran his Heart Condensation Skill, it was of no use.
Slowly a human figure appeared, and soon the figure stopped in front of Chen Ping, this person was covered in blood, holding a long sword, and his eyes were full of killing intent as he stared at Chen Ping!
“Who are you? Who are you?”
Chen Ping asked twice in quick succession when he saw the person in front of him.
But the man did not answer at all, as if he could not see Chen Ping.
The man put his sword on his back and turned around to gaze at the battlefield where millions of corpses were lying!
The afterglow of the setting sun trailed the man’s figure for a long time.
Chen Ping found that this swordsman was endlessly lonely and desolate!
Suddenly, this swordsman moved, and as he did so, from behind him, nine huge shadows in one breath rose to the ground, identical to his real body.
With nine shadows and one true body, a killing array was formed directly out of thin air! A tragic aura that shot up to the clouds!
The Swordsman, moving slowly, danced with the sword in his hand.
Behind him, nine shadows followed him.
The swords in each hand were filled with rhythmic trajectories, and Chen Ping’s pupils were dilating as he watched in a daze.