At this time, a youth who looked to be only in his twenties, wearing a blue robe with a jade crown, walked over.
“Master, why are you just coming back, just now the Sect Master sent someone to notify you several times, inviting you to deliberate in the Council Hall.”
That youth saw Elder Yu and hurriedly said anxiously!
“The Sect Master has only been in office for a few days, how come he deliberates every day and doesn’t give any private space?”
Elder Yu said with some impatience.
“Master, you’d better keep your voice down, don’t complain, just this half day that you just left, Elder Hu was punished by the Sect Master, I guess I’m looking for you guys to go to the deliberation because of this matter.”
That youth looked around vigilantly, then whispered!
“What? Elder Hu was punished? Why?”
Elder Yu was startled and said.”How would I know, it’s confidential, I also overheard what those council chamber disciples said.”
The youth said!
“Then I’d better hurry and go and see how this old Hu is still in trouble.”
Elder Yu said, he was about to go to the council hall, but he fiercely remembered Chen Ping, then he pointed at Chen Ping and said, “Wei Qing, this Cheng Ping is also here to join our Purple Inferno Sect, you take him to the examination, and after he passes, let him work under me.”
Wei Qing sized up Chen Ping, then nodded his head and said, “I know master, go quickly, if you go late and the Sect Master wants to punish you, that would be troublesome.”
“How dare he, I am not like Old Hu, so easy to bully.”
Elder Yu had a hardened face, but with his mouth saying this, his feet spread his legs and ran towards that council chamber!
Seeing Elder Yu running away, Wei Qing smiled and patted Chen Ping’s shoulder and said, “Fellow Daoist, letting my master bring me to the inner sect examination, didn’t give his old man a lot of benefits, right?”
When Chen Ping heard this, he seemed to be enlightened, and hurriedly took out a dozen purple gold spirit coins and handed them over to this Wei Qing, “Fellow Daoist, in the future, when I join the Purple Flame Sect, we will be masters and brothers, so please take care of us.”
Wei Qing took Chen Ping’s dozen purple gold spirit coins and froze, then said with excitement, “Hahaha, no problem, everything is fine, I’ll cover you if something happens.”
A dozen or so Purple Gold Spirit Coins was nothing in Chen Ping’s opinion, but for these ordinary sect disciples, it was a huge sum of money!
No wonder this Wei Qing could be so excited!
“Senior Brother Cheng, I will take you to the examination ……”
Wei Qing excitedly took Chen Ping to the examination!
This Chen Ping hadn’t even passed the assessment yet, and Wei Qing started shouting Senior Brother Senior Brother!
“Senior brother, don’t be nervous, this inner door assessment isn’t too strict, you’re now at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, you’re completely able to cope with it.”
“What does senior brother’s family do? Why did you come to our Violet Flame Sect?”
“In the Purple Flame Sect, although there are more rules, but it is also very secluded, this is located in the centre of the desert, there are few people to disturb, and the weather here, is very helpful for cultivating fire techniques.”
Wei Qing was asking Chen Ping questions along the way, acting very enthusiastically!
Chen Ping could only answer with one thing or another!
“Senior brother, can I ask if I can skip this inner sect examination?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Not taking the test?”
Wei Qing froze, and then said in a bit of a panic, “Senior brother, what’s wrong with this? Did senior brother say something wrong somewhere? Did it scare you so much that you don’t dare to take the test?”
“Don’t be afraid, it’s really simple, with your strength, you’re sure to pass the test in one go, don’t not take it.”
Wei Qing was scared and thought he had scared Chen Ping!
A rich son like Chen Ping, this will be a master and brother in the future, there will definitely be no shortage of benefits for him!
What’s more, it was also brought by Elder Yu himself, if Chen Ping didn’t take the test and left, it was expected that Elder Yu would come back and couldn’t spare him!
“Senior brother, you’ve got it wrong, I’m asking if I can skip the exam and just spend some spirit coins and resources to pass it for me.”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained.