Luo Jinzuo looked at the situation in front of him and coldly shouted, “Whoever of you strikes, it’s all the same.”
With that, Luo Jinzuo’s palm began to flicker with a purple light, and then a palm went towards Ding Dafa.
As Ding Da watched Luo Jinzuo attack, he didn’t panic, and just as Luo Jinzuo reached his eyes, he suddenly raised his hand to meet him.
Slap ……
There was a crisp sound and Luo Jinzuo received an instant slap on the face.
He saw Luo Jinzuo’s body fly backwards and finally fell to the ground.
Half of his face was directly red and swollen.
The corners of his mouth were full of bruises and blood.
“How dare you come to my Wicked Valley to spill your guts with that kind of ability? If you want someone, let your big brother come!”
Ding Da looked at Luo Jinzuo coldly, his body’s killing aura filling out.
Luo Jinzuo’s face became unsightly.
He didn’t expect the difference in strength between himself and Ding Dada to be so great.
“Second Master ……”
The butler then helped Luo Jinzuo up, and then advised in a low voice, “Second Master, we should go back and think long and hard, the strength of this Vicious Valley is just too strong.”
Luo Jinzuo didn’t say anything this time, the slap that Ding didn’t give him just now had shown him the gap between himself and the Vicious Valley.
“Humph, you guys wait, my Luo family will never give up in peace ……”
Luo Jinzuo looked at the four villains viciously.
“Paralyzed, you still dare to threaten us, I think you don’t want to leave ……”
Ding Buzan was not accustomed to Luo Jinzuo, a vertical rise, stopping at the doorway.
When Luo Jinzuo saw this, his face instantly became embarra*sed.
He only wanted to say a few harsh words to give himself a step down.
But he didn’t expect this Ding Buzan to really stop them.
If Wicked Valley really wanted to leave them behind, Luo Jinzuo knew that none of them would be able to get away.
“Lao San, come back ……”
Ding Da said to Ding Bu San.
When Ding Buzan saw this, he could only give that Luo Jinzuo a fierce glare and then retreated back.
Once Luo Jinzuo saw that Ding Buzan had dodged away, he immediately led his men away.
“D*mn it, I’ll definitely destroy the Valley of Evil!”
After walking away, Luo Jinzuo said with a face of anger.
“Second Master, take it easy for now, let’s just go back and talk about it!”
The butler said to Luo Jinzo.
Luo Jinzuo nodded, now he had underestimated the strength of the Vicious Valley, and the people he had brought were obviously not enough.
So it was necessary to go back and rearrange the talent.
Just after Luo Jinzuo led his men away, a man poked his head out of hiding, then looked at the departing Luo Jinzuo and quickly left.
And at the Ning Family in Kyoto, Ning Zhi immediately got the news!
“Young master, that Luo Jinzuo left the Valley of Evil, and it looks like he was beaten up, his face is swollen!”
Ning Family’s subordinate, reported to Ning Zhi.
When Ning Zhi heard this, he slapped the table in anger and said, “D*mn, this Luo Jinzuo is really f*cking useless, he was slapped and left, does he have any backbone? I thought their Luo family would follow the Evil Valley to the death!”
Ning Zhi had already gathered his men together, just waiting for the two sides to break up when the fish is dead, and he was leading them in to kill them.
“Young master, you don’t need to rush, the Luo family won’t give up in peace, I believe that this time, the Luo family will definitely gather more men when they return to the north of the desert.”
The Ning family’s butler stepped forward and spoke to Ning Zhi persuasively.
“I am afraid that the Luo family is simply no match for that Evil Valley, and when they are scared out of their wits, my plan will be in vain ……”
Ning Zhi was afraid that Luo Jinzuo would be too cowed to go after the Vicious Valley’s troubles.
“Young master, it won’t happen, the Luo family is also the number one family in Desert North, it’s very strong, and many clans and families throughout Desert North almost all look up to the Luo family.”
“This time when Luo Jinzuo goes back, he will definitely gather more people to come, just be patient ……”
The Ning family’s butler explained.
“En, we can only wait for that too ……”
Ning Zhi nodded his head.