Elder Tian had blood flowing from the corner of his mouth, but his face was full of excitement as he said, “It’s useless even if you guys go after them now, Sect Master Huo and the others should have entered the Divine Volcano a long time ago, and perhaps got the Divine Flame Seal a long time ago.”
“Resign yourselves to your fate, if you guys choose to follow Sect Master Huo now, I can still put in a good word for you.”
“I’ll be damned, that Huo Yuan Ting would never want to recognise his master even if he got the Divine Flame Seal.”
Elder Yu spat viciously, then looked at Zhu Ling and said, “Missy, we’d better hurry up and chase after them. ……”
“Good!” Zhu Ling nodded!
A group of people quickly headed towards the Divine Volcano, but just as they were about to reach the foot of the Divine Volcano, suddenly dozens of auras came face to face!
“Could it be that Huo Yuan Ting and the others have already obtained the Divine Flame Seal and returned?”
Zhu Ling said with a cold expression on her face!
“It can’t be that fast, can it?” Elder Yu also frowned slightly!
He didn’t believe that Huo Yuan Ting would have gotten the Divine Flame Seal so quickly, it was a bit unrealistic ah!
But at this time, who would come from the direction of the Divine Flame Mountain?
“It’s not Huo Yuanting and the others, the one who came is a demonic cultivator.”
Chen Ping said with a cold expression!
“Demon cultivator?”
Elder Yu and Zhu Ling said in unison!
“Senior brother, how could there be a devil cultivator here?” Wei Qing asked!
“How would I know, that should be asked of you guys, but these people are indeed devil cultivators, I can feel their aura.”
Chen Ping said!
“Demon cultivators? How could a devil cultivator come here?” Zhu Ling was also very puzzled!
“Could it be someone from the Ghost Face Sect? The Ghostface Sect’s people have been spying on our Divine Volcano for a long time.”
“This time the divine volcano suddenly activated, it’s possible that people from the Ghostface Sect have come to snatch the right to use the divine volcano!”
Elder Yu said with some nervousness!
Just as Elder Yu’s words fell, they saw dozens of figures had already landed in front of them!
Each of them wore a mask, and they were indeed people from the Ghostface Sect!
“Ghost Face Sect? It’s really you guys ……”
Elder Yu subconsciously clenched his fists when he saw the visitors!
For so many years, the Purple Flame Sect had been following the Ghostface Sect in open warfare!
“Elder Yu, you’re in such a hurry to go to the Divine Volcano, could it be that your Purple Flame Sect has started an internal fight?”
That Elder Tu said with a cold smile!
Elder Yu kept retching when he looked at the hideous face of that Tu Elder of the Ghost Face Sect!
“This is our Purple Flame Sect’s matter, it has nothing to do with you, if you don’t want to die, bring people to get out of here right now.”
Elder Yu said coldly to that Elder Tu!
“How can it have nothing to do with you, I was invited by your Purple Flame Sect, and it was also your Huo Sect Master who personally invited me, how can you say that it has nothing to do with you.”
Elder Tu laughed!
As soon as these words came out, Elder Yu and the rest of the Violet Flame Sect were all stunned, followed by one after another, their eyes glowing with anger and exasperation!
“This Huo Yuan Ting, he’s simply bold, daring to openly collude with your Ghost Face Sect, just like him, he doesn’t deserve to be a Sect Master, not even an Acting Sect Master!”
Wei Qing roared angrily!
Elder Yu was also in an atmosphere, “I really didn’t expect that this Huo Yuan Ting would betray the Purple Flame Sect and follow you demonic cultivators to collude, this time it’s not just a battle for Sect Leader, we have to eradicate Huo Yuan Ting, this traitor.”
“Hahaha, you guys really know how to talk big, when I kill you guys, then Huo Yuanting will let our Ghostface Sect host the Purple Flame Sect and use the resources of the Divine Volcano.”
“At that time, it won’t be certain who owns the Divine Volcano, maybe there won’t even be a Purple Flame Sect anymore!”
Elder Tu laughed out loud!
“Damn Huo Yuan Ting, how dare he agree to such a request?”
Zhu Ling’s face reddened with anger upon hearing this!
“It seems that there has been a connection between you guys for a long time, that Huo Dong has your scent on him, he should have been taken in by your Ghost Face Sect after being kicked out of the sect.”