………………
Guanghan Palace!
Two days passed quickly!
Chen Ping’s body was also almost recovered, and the three types of Supreme Flames were suspended in front of Chen Ping, bursting with different flames!
Compared to two days ago, these three types of Supreme Flames were obviously much stronger!
“Only the three kinds of Supreme Flames are all good, but if they can be fused, then it would be perfect.”
Chen Ping sighed lightly as he looked at the three types of Supreme Flames in front of him!
The power of each type of Supreme Flame was not small, but there was no way to fuse them!
Although the three types of Supreme Flames were all within Chen Ping’s body, existing within the Fire Origin Star!
However, there was no way to fuse the three Supreme Flames!
If it followed the same power of the three clans that Chen Ping fused out, then it would be perfect!
After all, the ones that fused out were definitely stronger!
“Senior, do you know how different Supreme Flames can be fused?”
Chen Ping asked the Red Cloud Demon Lord!
After all, this guy was a great devil and had seen a lot, so he should know!
“How would I know, go ask the Leaving Fire Demon Monarch, or the Fire Spirit Star Monarch, they should know!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
“They are all in the Heavenly Realm, where would I go to ask!”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while!
Knowing that he could not ask anything, Chen Ping simply got up and walked out!
“Mr Chen, you’ve recovered?”
Bing Lu had been waiting outside the door and when she saw Chen Ping come out, she hurriedly asked!
“En, it’s already fine.”Chen Ping nodded, “Prepare the immortal herbs for me immediately, I want to refine some pills and distribute them!”
“All sorts of immortal herbs, the Palace Master has already prepared them in advance, just waiting for Mr Chen to recover!”
Bing Lu said!
Chen Ping nodded and then began to refine the pills!
It only took half a day for Chen Ping to refine thousands of pills and distribute them!
Inside the hall of the Guanghan Palace!
The crowd sat around and since the matter had been resolved, everyone else was planning to leave as well!
After all, it was all hands on deck, if any other clan families moved at this time, then the old family would be finished!
“Mr Chen, if there’s nothing else, we’ll go back, it’s not good to have no one at home!”
Luo Shouhai said to Chen Ping!
“Right, no one has been around for days, so don’t let anyone miss it again!”
The Sheng family head followed suit!
“I’ll send you guys back, Ji Yun has a dirigible, this will still be faster!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he looked up at the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace and said, “Palace Master, that Mu Family should not dare to do anything to Guanghan Palace for a short period of time, it’s just right to take advantage of this period of time for Guanghan Palace to develop as much as possible.”
With the Extreme Stone Mine, the Broad Cold Palace would only need time to develop quickly!
“Aren’t you staying for a few more days?”
The Broad Cold Palace Lord’s eyes were filled with reluctance!
Gently pulling Chen Ping’s hand, the Broad Cold Palace Master held back the tears that were about to flow!
She was really becoming more and more fond of Chen Ping!
If it wasn’t for the fact that she was shouldering the heavy responsibility of the Broad Cold Palace, the Broad Cold Palace Lord would have given herself to Chen Ping long ago!
She wanted to be Chen Ping’s woman!
“After coming to the Southern Domain for such a long time, I have to go back and take a look.”
“And it’s not like I won’t come back, in a month’s time, I will still come back and teach that Mu Qing a good lesson!”
Chen Ping smiled and said!
“Alright, then take care of yourselves on the road.”
The Broad Cold Palace Mistress let go of Chen Ping’s hand!
“By the way, I wonder if the Palace Master knows where there is a technique for fusing the Supreme Flames?”
Chen Ping remembered that he had no way to fuse his three types of Supreme Flames, so he asked!
“Fusion to Fire?”The Palace Master of the Broad Cold Palace was stunned, then shook her head, “We cultivate ice-based techniques, so I’m not sure where there are techniques for fusing to fire!”
“But you can look for sects and families that cultivate fire techniques and ask, they might know.”
“Only, in the entire Southern Region, it seems that only the Mu Family cultivates fire techniques.”
When Chen Ping heard this, he frowned slightly, he couldn’t go to the Mu Family and ask, and it was impossible to tell him!