“Fox Royal Daughter, I see that amongst our three emperors and four kings, you’re the one with the most heart and mind, calculating others all day long, you’ve slept your way to this position, haven’t you?”
The Monkey King said with a hefty smile.
Fox Emperor daughter’s face was cold, eyes full of murderous aura said “You this stinking monkey, you want to sleep, the old lady still won’t let you sleep it ……”
“Okay, don’t make noise, a few of us act separately, if we encounter something urgent, immediately contact each other, this time the God and Demon Battlefield, we have to find some more treasures to enhance the overall strength of our Beast Clan before we can do so.”
The Thousand-faced Demon King said with a grave expression!
A few people nodded and then dispersed in all directions, it seemed that they were all quite respectful of this Thousand Faced Demon King!
On the other hand, Chen Ping was carried by Luo Xi and quickly crossed the wasteland to a land of mountain peaks!
Here the environment has changed, mountain peaks butterfly love ups and downs, and go there are green trees, want to find hiding place, after all, easy.
Luo Xi back Chen Ping came to a cave, looking at the pale, seriously injured unconscious Chen Ping, Luo Xi is also some helpless!
She also does not know how to heal, can only watch Chen Ping, looking forward to Chen Ping can safely wake up!
In this way, Luo Xi in Chen Ping side guard, but has been a day and a night, Chen Ping unexpectedly did not have the slightest movement!
This time, Luo Xi is a little anxious, are so long, Chen Ping has not woken up, then I am afraid to never wake up!
Chen Ping does not wake up, Luo Xi will not heal Chen Ping, can only wait for Chen Ping himself woke up, their own for their own healing!
Just when Luo Xi was anxious, he suddenly felt a movement outside the cave!
Luo Xi frowned, her heart was in her throat, then with a light wave of her palms, she used a breath to cover Chen Ping up, while she herself walked out of the cave!
Now that Chen Ping was unconscious, his breath was very weak, Luo Xi used her own breath to cover up Chen Ping’s breath so that no one else could detect Chen Ping’s breath!
Just as Luo Xi had just walked out of the cave, a cold aura suddenly flashed past in front of him!
Luo Xi didn’t even have time to react, the whole person sucked in a mouthful of cold air as a strand of hair fell from the top of his head!
Luo Xi’s face changed drastically as he hurriedly touched his body and found no wounds!
“So it’s a little witch hiding in this cave ah, I thought there would be some big prey ……”
A woman with a very enchanting figure and heavy make-up appeared in front of Luo Xi.
Moreover, behind this woman, there was even a white fluffy tail, and with a glance, Luo Xi knew that the other party was a beast race!
“Who are you? I am Luo Xi of the Blood Spirit Valley, and the Blood Spirit Valley Lord is my father ……”
Luo Xi declared himself, just hoping that he could deter the other party from harming him!
Because Luo Xi was able to sense that the other party’s strength was too much higher than hers, and just now, if it wasn’t for this woman’s mercy, Luo Xi’s head would have moved long ago!
“Cluck cluck cluck ……” the woman laughed “You don’t need to bring out the Blood Spirit Valley to scare me, if I want to kill you, I don’t care what you are.”
“My name is Bai Shallow, and a lot of people like to call me the Fox Imperial Daughter ……”
“Fox Emperor Daughter?” Luo Xi froze, and his face instantly became hard to see!
Seeing Luo Xi’s expression, Bai Shallow seemed to guess what was going on and faintly smiled, “Little devil girl, have you also heard of said me?”
Luo Xi nodded!
“Then what have you heard about me?” Bai Shao continued to ask!
“I …………”
Luo Xi didn’t dare to say, after all, the rumours outside were all very hard to hear!
“You don’t have to be afraid, the rumours of me outside, I’ve heard them myself, so just speak boldly.”
Bai Shao put away that flirtatiousness on her body, even the white fluffy tail behind her was also put away, just like a neighbourhood big sister glance, looked at Luo Xi and said.