“Do you know where your father and the others are, now I’ll bring you there!”
Chen Ping asked Sheng Jiahui after killing the man!
Sheng Jiahui opened her mouth wide and looked at Chen Ping incredulously for a while before she reacted and nodded, “I know ……”
“Go!”
Chen Ping turned around and walked forwards!
Sheng Jiahui looked at Chen Ping’s back and directly chased after him!
As for Bai Shallow, at this moment, she was looking at Chen Ping’s back, and her entire body was standing dumbfounded as if she was a nymphomaniac.
She suddenly realised that Chen Ping was getting more and more handsome, although he was only at the first rank of the Transition Realm, he knew everything, and his true strength was afraid that she, a seventh rank Great Cultivator of the Transition Realm, was not as good as her!
“Bai Shallow, doesn’t it feel like my master is very handsome.”
The fire phoenix looked at Bai Shao that way and asked with a faint smile!
Bai Shao nodded, “Indeed it’s very handsome, I didn’t expect this guy to know everything ……”
“Hurry up and go, you won’t be able to catch up in a while, look at your nymphomaniac look!”
Fire Phoenix pulled Bai Shallow and the two chased after him!
…………
In a mountain forest a hundred miles away from Chen Ping and the others!
A dozen or so cultivators were resting!
One of them, a very young looking cultivator, was currently kneeling on the ground, crying continuously!
“Dad, I was wrong, I shouldn’t have run off by myself and lost my sister.”
“But those damn demonic cultivators, chasing after us, I originally told my sister to run first and wait for me in front, but I couldn’t find her.”
The cultivator kneeling on the ground like this was none other than Sheng Jiahui’s brother, Sheng Jiayue.
And the one who was holding a leather whip and continuously beating Sheng Jia Yue was Sheng Bushi, the Sheng Family’s head, who at this moment was already furious and unable to rest!
To know that he loved this youngest daughter of his the most, and now he even lost it.
“Family head, it’s imperative that we go and look for Miss first, those devil cultivators are extremely ferocious, if Miss is caught by them, the consequences are unimaginable ah!”
A grey-haired old man said!
“Great Elder, you lead everyone to look for it, we must find Jiahui.”
“This treasure land, it’s protected by formations, even if other people find it, they won’t be able to enter at all, don’t worry.”
Sheng Bushi said to the Grand Elder!
“Family Master, I’d better leave two people for you, you’ve just consumed a lot from breaking the formation and you’re still injured, if you encounter a situation, it’ll be hard to cope with it.”
The Grand Elder said worriedly!
“No need, just take everyone away and don’t worry about me, no matter what, we must find the people!”
Sheng Bushi’s face was a little pale as he gasped for air and said!
Seeing this, the Grand Elder could only nod, and was about to bring people to find Sheng Jiahui to go, but suddenly found someone approaching!
“What kind of person?”
The Grand Elder leapt forward and asked in a vigilant voice!
“Grand Elder, it’s me ……”
When Sheng Jiahui saw the Great Elder, she immediately ran over happily!
“Eldest Miss, we were just about to go look for you, we didn’t expect you to come back!”
The Grand Elder said happily when he saw Sheng Jiahui!
“Jiahui …… “Sheng Bushi saw that his daughter had returned and also rushed up happily!
“Dad ……” Sheng Jiahui hugged her dad, her eyes red again!
“Sister ……”
Sheng Jia Yue hurriedly got up, his heart heaved a sigh of relief!
If this sister of his had an accident, he knew that he would definitely be peeled back a layer of skin!
“Kneel down, who told you to get up ……”
Sheng Bushi let out a furious shout, scaring that Sheng Jiayue to kneel down again!
“Dad, don’t mind blaming my brother, it’s me who ran in the wrong direction, luckily I met a few good people who saved me, otherwise I would have been caught by that demonic cultivator.”
Sheng Jiahui said with a palpitating heart!
Sheng Bushi looked towards the three of them, Chen Ping, with a few wary looks in his eyes!
At this time, the other people of the Sheng Family had already quietly changed their positions and surrounded Chen Ping and the three of them!
After all, no one knew what Chen Ping and the others were resting on!