“Missy, it looks like those Chen Ping guys should be here as well, we’ve already been left behind.”
“We’d better go down quickly, such a big clan, there must be a lot of treasures inside.”
Mu Yao was a little impatient!
Mu Naiyi nodded and said, “Go down, but all be cautious, such a large sect is hidden here, there must be quite a few mechanisms and traps inside.”
Mu Naiyi instructed and then took the lead to jump down!
Walking into the majestic Wuji Sacred Sect, the Mu family were all shocked as well.
Looking at the complete compounds, Mu Yao also brought in to search inside!
It was a pity that these courtyards had all been searched and nothing good was left!
“Eldest Miss, these courtyards have obviously been touched by people, it’s estimated that all the good things inside have been taken away, I think we’d better speed up our steps and go to the front of these people before we can do so.”
Mu Yao said.
Mu Naiyi nodded her head and then quickened her pace.
Soon, Mu Naiyi and the others encountered Ouyang Zhenhua and the others, the two sides of the people just hit the ground without exchanging words, Mu Naiyi led the people to continue to go deeper.
“Sister Binglu, the Mu Family, the Mu Family’s people are coming over.”
At this moment, a Holy Maiden panicked and said to Bing Lu.
At this moment, the Mu Family’s people were rushing over, but Chen Ping was still frozen at the bottom of the pit.
If the Mu Family’s people found out, it would be a big trouble.
“What about this?”
Bing Lu also panicked.
The few of them, they were no match for the Mu Family, and by then, if they found Chen Ping, then Chen Ping would be in danger as well.
Just when Bing Lu was a bit at a loss for words, Lan Yingying said, “Let’s bury Chen first, so that he won’t be discovered by the Mu family.”
“When the Mu family leaves, we will think of a way to save Mr Chen.”
Once Bing Lu heard this, she also nodded, this was the only way now.
So a few people joined hands, and an icy cold Qi hit the edge of the deep pit, and the dirt fell down, quickly burying Chen Ping.
Seeing Chen Ping buried up, Bing Lu and the others hurriedly left, looking for a ruin to hide.
Just as Binglu and the others had just left, Mu Naiyi brought someone with him, looking at the deep pit in front of him, his eyes filled with astonishment.
“It seems that this sect has suffered a not-so-small blow ah, I hope that some intact treasures can be left behind.”
After just a short stay, Mu Naiyi led the Mu family around the deep pit and continued to walk towards the depths of the sect.
Only after seeing the Mu family leave did Bing Lu and the girls dare to come out!
“What about this?”
Looking at the buried Chen Ping, several people were again in a difficult situation!
The cold air in this deep pit was too thick, and they couldn’t stand it at all!
And at this moment, Chen Ping was still desperately trying to subdue the Extreme Cold Ice Flame, as long as he refined this Extreme Cold Ice Flame, Chen Ping would have the Three Supreme Flames!
Under Chen Ping’s continuous efforts, that one Extreme Cold Ice Flame finally became weaker and weaker under the pursuit of the two Supreme Flames.
In the end, Chen Ping’s Origin Star flashed and directly took the Extreme Cold Ice Flame into it!
After refining the Extreme Cold Ice Flame, the temperature in the deep pit instantly increased and was no longer so cold.
Just as Bing Lu and the others were at a loss for words, Chen Ping broke out of the ground and his body leapt up and landed on the ground!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?”
Seeing Chen Ping coming up, several people rushed over!
“It’s fine, I just found a chunk of polar stone.”
Chen Ping flipped his hand and took out the large chunk of pole stone!
Although it had been broken by Chen Ping’s sword, this pole stone was also much larger than the other pole stones!
Not to mention that this Pole Stone used to encase the Extreme Cold Ice Flame, so it was even more helpful for Bing Lu’s girls’ cultivation!
“What a big pole stone.”
Bing Lu was filled with excitement as she put the pole stone away!
“Have the Ouyang Family Masters not followed them yet?”
Chen Ping asked as he glanced around!
“Not yet, but that Mu Family’s people are here.”
Bing Lu said!
“What? The Mu Family has also found their way here?”
Chen Ping could not help but frown.