“Of course, today I’m going to kill you and take your dragon crystal, with the dragon crystal, and with this Demon Subduing Tower, I’ll see who is still my opponent ……”
Ning Zhi’s eyes showed frenzy, his body’s aura slightly radiated out, a killing aura came from all directions.
Chen Ping looked at the near-mad Ning Zhi and said indifferently, “Can we go out and talk about it?”
“What? Are you afraid?”
Ning Zhi looked at Chen Ping with a sneer.
“I am afraid of destroying this Demon Subduing Tower, if I kill you, I can do it anywhere ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly.
“Don’t be wild, I will let you taste my power in a moment ……”
Ning Zhi finished speaking and walked towards the tower.
Ning Zhi was also afraid that the fight between the two of them would ruin the Demon Subduing Tower, which was a treasure that must never be damaged.
Chen Ping followed Ning Zhi out of the Demon Subduing Tower, and when Ning Zhi saw the several men who had died tragically outside the tower, his face instantly became incomparably gloomy.
Seeing that look on Ning Zhi’s face, Chen Ping smiled slightly, “Your Ning Family’s underlings are too resistant to be beaten, I only gave them a few light taps and they became like this ……”
“Chen Ping, don’t be complacent, let me tell you the truth, I am now at the peak of Martial Sect strength, do you know what the peak of Martial Sect represents? Of all the young generation of martial artists in Kyoto, not a single one has reached the peak of Martial Sect yet.”
“With my current strength, I can have a place even on the Prosperity Ranking, you fight me, I’ll make you die a very ugly death ……”
Ning Zhi gritted his teeth and said viciously.
“The peak of Martial Sect?” Chen Ping pretended to be surprised, “You’ve reached the peak of Martial Sect so quickly, that’s terrifying ……”
Seeing Chen Ping’s surprised look, Ning Zhi had a smug look on his face, “Chen Ping, now that you know how formidable I am, if you hand over the Dragon Crystal and those treasures you have on you yourself, I might still be able to keep you alive.”
“Or else, I will make you beg for your life and beg for your death ……”
Looking at Ning Zhi’s smug look, Chen Ping smiled lightly and said, “This peak Martial Sect strength of yours is indeed awesome, but in my eyes, it’s still almost meaningful, I’m afraid it’s not that simple for you to kill me.”
“Arrogant, the peak Martial Sect can’t even kill you, so aren’t you more powerful than the peak Martial Sect ……”
Ning Zhi snickered.
He did not think that Chen Ping’s strength could surpa*s that of a peak Martial Sect, it had only been so long since he had separated from the Dragon Locking Island, even if Chen Ping was a genius, he could not have raised his strength to the point of ignoring a peak Martial Sect in a short period of time.
“It might be only a little bit stronger …………”
Chen Ping stretched out his hand and gestured.
“Hmph, don’t you dare try to bluff me, I’ve only just raised to the peak of Martial Sect with the help of the Demon Subduing Tower, and how could you possibly …………”
Ning Zhi didn’t finish his sentence and suddenly shut his mouth.
He had almost told the secret of the Demon Subduing Tower, Ning Zhi had thought that Chen Ping did not know the secret of the Demon Subduing Tower.
“If you don’t believe me, we can try ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the aura on his body began to swell rapidly, and terrifying spiritual energy surrounded Chen Ping’s body.
As the aura on Chen Ping’s body climbed, the ground unexpectedly began to tremble.
Rumble …………
Like an earthquake, the houses under construction not far away began to collapse again amidst this tremor, scaring many workers into fleeing.
“This …… this ……”
Ning Zhi’s face was ugly, his eyes wide open, somewhat unable to believe what had just happened.
The aura that Chen Ping had just emitted was no worse than that of a peak Martial Sect, if not worse than ever.
Ning Zhi’s eyelids were fluttering as the killing intent in his heart grew thicker and thicker.
Chen Ping’s talent was too clever, and his strength had increased so rapidly in such a short period of time. Ning Zhi knew that if he kept Chen Ping, it would always be a great hidden danger for their Ning Family!