“Everyone should be careful, no one knows, what will happen when they go in!”
Zhu Zhishan warned to the crowd.
No one dared to speak, all silently raising their strong qi to the extreme, the moment they came in from the cave, they had encountered quite a lot of trouble.
The moment they came in from the cave, they had encountered a lot of trouble. A dozen of them had even died before they got here, and no one knew what could be inside this city, so they could only be careful!
Zhu Zhishan waved his hand and motioned for Xu Song and the others to come forward and struggle to push open the city gates!
Zhu Zhishan was in the lead, cautiously walking towards the city, with Long Xiao following closely behind.
“I didn’t expect the sudden disappearance of the City of Ultimate Bliss to appear at the bottom of the sea ……”
At this moment, the old voice rang out in Long Xiao’s mind.
“Senior, could it be that you know about this City of Ultimate Bliss?”
Long Xiao hurriedly asked.
“I’ve heard of it, but in my era, this Extreme Bliss City has inexplicably disappeared.”
“I heard that within this City of Extreme Bliss, all of them were experts, even a person watching the city gate would be a top expert in today’s society.”
“And the city lord of the City of Extreme Bliss is even more profoundly powerful, and has a highly powerful and beautiful daughter.”
“Only then the City of Extreme Bliss disappeared overnight, and no one has ever seen it again, much less the people of the City of Extreme Bliss!”
“But I didn’t expect this Extreme Bliss City to sink to the bottom of the sea, I just don’t understand where all those people from Extreme Bliss City have gone!”
The old voice, also puzzled, said.
Long Xiao did not speak, but fell into a deep shock.
A person who watched the city gate would be a top expert when put into today’s society, how terrifying were the people of that era?
Just as Long Xiao was still in shock, the crowd behind him all let out a burst of exclaims!
“Beast pills, so many beast pills! ……”
One could only see that the Extreme Bliss City was filled with beast pills everywhere.
After thousands of years, these beast pills had weakened in terms of the spiritual energy and efficacy they contained, but for these people, it was enough!
When Long Xiao reacted and looked at the beast pills all over the ground, his mouth also opened wide in shock!
Zhu Zhishan was also dumbfounded, even though he was the alliance leader of the Martial Dao Alliance and had brought people to many trials, but the resources in those trial places were nothing compared to this place!
“Get rich, get rich …………”
Someone had already rushed up excitedly and started desperately picking up the beast pills.
As one person moved, others swarmed up, desperately filling their pockets towards the beast pellets, and there were even people who took off their clothes and wrapped the beast pellets up.
Looking at the frantic crowd, Long Xiao could not help himself and wanted to rush forward to pick up the beast pellets, but he was stopped by Zhu Zhishan.
“Duke Long, there are countless beast pellets here, are you still afraid that there will be none for you? Besides, these people’s lives are in our hands, even if they pick up more, they are still working for us ……”
Saying that, Zhu Zhishan gazed towards the palace not far away, “The real treasure, maybe it’s just ahead ……”
It was only then that Long Xiao noticed the opulent palace in front of him and his heart was filled with excitement.
“Then let’s go quickly ……”
Long Xiao was a little impatient, he could conclude that there must be even more treasures within the palace.
Zhu Zhishan nodded, and then started walking towards the palace.
This time Zhu Zhishan didn’t take the lead, but let Xu Song lead the other three to open the way in front, while he and Long Xiao followed behind.
The others all frantically picked up the beast pills, but there were two people who did not pick up the beast pills, but followed Zhu Zhishan and the others behind them as well.
These two people were Ge Jiayi and Dong Jiahao!
Ge Jiayi also guessed that there should be better treasures within that palace, so she followed them.
Dong Jiahao, on the other hand, was just looking for a chance to kill Long Xiao.