Wang Han Han looked at Chen Ping’s firm eyes and finally nodded, “I believe!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and patted Wang Han Han’s head gently, his eyes showing the kind of doting love that a brother has for his sister!
Just after work, Wang Han Han received a call from Wu Yi Fan, urging her to hurry up, many of her cla*smates had arrived!
Wang Han Han asked about the address, but the cla*smates’ party was held at the Regal Hotel!
She didn’t want to spend the money, she felt it was too wasteful!
But under Chen Ping’s persuasion, Wang Han Han agreed to go, and the two of them drove the second-hand Chang An, straight to the Regal Hotel!
The two of them had just arrived at the entrance of the Regal Hotel when they saw Wu Yifan waiting anxiously at the entrance.
When Wu Yifan saw Chen Ping, she was slightly surprised, she felt that Chen Ping had offended the Red Dragon Gang last night and would definitely be beaten to death, and even if he wasn’t, he would have been beaten to death, but now that she looked at Chen Ping, she was not hurt at all!
“You didn’t get beaten up last night?” Wu Yi Fan asked with a puzzled look on her face.
“Didn’t I tell you, the Red Dragon Gang’s afraid of me, how dare they beat me up ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“You just blow it!” Wu Yi Fan rolled her eyes, she didn’t believe what Chen Ping said, the Red Dragon Gang was such a big gang, how could they be afraid of Chen Ping, it must be that Chen Ping had used some way to smooth things over, maybe he had spent money!
“Believe it or not!” Chen Ping didn’t explain any further!
“Today Han Han’s cla*smates are having a party, so you’re driving a Changan? If you don’t have a good car, a taxi is better than driving a broken Changan, look at the car park here, is there a broken car like this?”
Wu Yifan reprimanded Chen Ping with an unhappy face!
At that time, when Chen Ping encouraged Wang Han Han to come to the cla*smate party, Wu Yi Fan thought that Chen Ping would find a way to make Wang Han Han look good at the cla*smate party, but now that he drove a broken Chang An, wouldn’t he be laughed to death!
“What’s wrong with Changan? Support domestic ……”
Chen Ping did not care at all!
Wang Han Han also hurriedly said, “I feel that this car is quite good, it’s much more comfortable than taking the bus, let’s get inside!”
Seeing that Wang Han Han also said this, Wu Yi Fan did not continue to reprimand Chen Ping, and the three of them walked into the hotel together!
In a luxurious private room, there were already a dozen people sitting there, some men and some women, laughing and talking.
One of them, a man with a partial parting and a gold watch on his hand, was particularly noticeable, and almost everyone was centered on this man, constantly climbing and bragging about him!
This man was Leng Bing, Wang Han Han’s ex-boyfriend, although he didn’t follow Wang Han Han and the girls, this Leng Bing came to this cla*s reunion as Zhang Miao’s boyfriend!
“Miao Miao, you’re really lucky to have found such a good boyfriend, you know that Brother Bing used to be the school gra*s at school!”
“No, when I first joined the school, Brother Bing was a big hit in the school, I even had a crush on Brother Bing at that time!”
“Look at this watch Brother Bing is wearing, it costs more than 100,000 yuan, this is a successful person!”
“Brother Bing now runs his own company, old bully ……”
The crowd was praising Leng Bing and Zhang Miao, making the two of them feel like they were floating!
“I’m just making a living, what kind of successful person is that? This watch is not worth much, I brought it back from Switzerland with a friend, it’s only 300,000 yuan!”
Although Leng Bing’s mouth was modest, her tone of voice was clearly showing off!
In fact, when Leng Bing said this, who could not hear the meaning of his bragging, but who dared to say it at this time?
They could only let Leng Bing Versailles once!