This way, even if Ning Zhi and the others passed by above the roof, they would not be able to detect their aura!
Only after entering the room did Chen Ping follow the crowd and tell them everything!
When he heard that Zhu Qingxiu had fled to live on a deserted island in order to avoid those demonic cultivators of the Demon Sealing Alliance from pursuing her, and that it had caused her face to be disfigured, Zhu Qingyue was outraged!
Later on, after hearing that Zhu Qingxiu had almost died, they became even more nervous!
“This bunch of moralistic guys from the Demon Sealing Alliance, the reason why that Qi Jia Town is so strong right now is because they heard that someone is sitting in Qi Jia Town, making the surrounding forces who don’t dare to mess with Qi Jia Town anymore.”
Liu Bo gritted his teeth, itching to tear the Demon Sealing Alliance apart!
“Uncle Liu, then what kind of person is sitting in Qi Clan Town? Back when the Ten Thousand Swords Sect was still around, if we gave Qi Clan ten guts, they wouldn’t dare to target our Zhu Clan!”
Zhu Qingxiu asked!
“It seems to be someone called Ning Zhi, I heard that he is also a demonic cultivator, with Mahayana realm strength, and is also able to control flames.”
“I heard that some time ago, there was a clan that had a bit of a conflict with Qi Jia Town, and this person single-handedly exterminated hundreds of people from the other clan, directly destroying the clan, it was particularly terrifying.”
Liu Bo also clearly felt shortness of breath when he mentioned this part!
“Ning Zhi?”
Chen Ping instinctively frowned when he heard this name, he did not expect that this Ning Zhi was still mixing it up in this part of the Eastern Domain, and had even started to sit and control forces!
However, with this strength, Ning Zhi did have bullish capital in the Eastern Domain Continent!
If he were to go to another continent, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to rank!
“What, Mr Chen knows this person?”Liu Bo saw that reaction of Chen Ping and asked!
Chen Ping nodded, “Recognise, it was this Ning Zhi who led the team that chased us.”
As soon as Liu Bo heard that, his face became unsightly!
“Then we’d better hurry back to Zhujia Town as soon as possible, I’m afraid that if we go back late, there will be trouble in Zhujia Town!”
Liu Bo was afraid that Ning Zhi would lead the people of Qi Jia Town to make a move!
“Ji Yun, you take them back first, I’m going to meet that Ning Zhi again.”
“I will make them pay this time ……”
Chen Ping said to Ji Yun!
“Mr Chen, it’s too dangerous for you to go by yourself, isn’t it?”
Ji Yun said worriedly!
“The two of us are no match for each other, how dare you go back by yourself to die?”
Seeing that Chen Ping even had to return to go, Zhu Qingxiu asked in great bewilderment!
“They beat you up like this, of course I have to go and take revenge, this time without you dragging my feet, even if I can’t beat them, they will never want to catch me.”
Chen Ping was confident that he was more flexible when he fought on his own!
Zhu Qingxiu following him had actually made Chen Ping a bit of a throwback, there was no way he could exert himself.
“You …… “Zhu Qingxiu was furious when she heard this, her face was red with anger, feeling that Chen Ping had been treating himself as a liability dragging his feet.
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping saving his life, Zhu Qingxiu really wanted to give him two kicks!
“Whether it’s because I’m dragging my feet or not, it’s definitely going to be dangerous for you to go for revenge on your own, if you insist on going, then bring this with you.”
“You also know sword arts, and they’re pretty good, we have quite a few sword moves inside this Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manual, it’s up to you to see how many of them you can comprehend on your own.”
Zhu Qingxiu unexpectedly offered to give Chen Ping the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manuals!
“This …………”
Chen Ping received the secret manual and was a bit at a loss, he was not a disciple of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect, it was always bad to take someone else’s secret manual!
“It’s not for you, you have to return it to me after you use it, in the future, when our Ten Thousand Swords Sect recovers, we still have to use this manual!”
Zhu Qingxiu knew what Chen Ping meant and said!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he then put away the Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manuals with peace of mind, and then left after explaining a few things!
Ji Yun and the others also hoofed it towards Zhu Jia Town!