“Who do you think you like more, me or this Song Tie?” Su Yuqi asked.
Upon hearing this question, Chen Yingxia froze for a moment!
And Chen Ping, who had his eyes slightly closed at the side, almost didn’t laugh out loud, he really didn’t expect Su Yuqi to ask such a question!
No wonder they say that women who are in love have zero IQ.
“Sister-in-law, of course I like you, you are my sister-in-law!”
Chen Yingxia cleverly took Su Yuqi’s arm and said.
Su Yuqi instantly became happy, her face was full of smiles, and she even looked at Chen Ping beside her, she knew that Chen Ping must be able to hear them!
After the concert was over, Song Tie originally wanted to invite Chen Ping and Chen Yingxia to have a late dinner together, but Chen Ping refused, knowing that he had to keep a certain distance from Song Tie, otherwise Su Yuqi would be very jealous and her energy would explode.
But Chen Ping still let Chen Yingxia accompany Song Tie, after all, Song Tie had come to Hongcheng for his own concert, so it was polite to let his sister accompany him!
When Song Tie left Hongcheng, he just sent a message to Chen Ping, and Chen Ping didn’t go to see him off, but Song Tie made it clear that when he sent stones to Chen Ping in the future, Song Tie would come in person, which gave Chen Ping a bit of a headache, this girl knew that she had a girlfriend, but she was still so blatantly showing her affection for herself, this wasn’t adding to her problems!
For the next few days, Chen Ping spent his days shopping with Su Yuqi and playing chess with Su Wenzong. Without medicinal herbs and spirit stones, Chen Ping’s current cultivation level at the Purgatory realm would be useless if he relied on the thin Heaven and Earth Spiritual Qi alone!
Three days later, Gu Wentian found Chen Ping and followed him to talk about the Kyoto Antique Auction!
“Mr. Chen, there is an antique exhibition auction in Kyoto tomorrow, I think you should go and take a look, there might be something that Mr. Chen needs!”
“I heard that the Hong Kong merchant has also flown in a batch of magic weapons this time, you know that many noblemen are now thinking of seeking a magic weapon that can harmonize feng shui and turn bad luck into good fortune, so this auction must be particularly intense. I’ll see if I can sell them for a profit and see if I can collect a few good pieces!”
Gu Mantian is very knowledgeable about antiques, so when he talks about them, his whole body looks very excited!
“I already know, Zhao Wuji and I have talked about it!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Zhao Wouji?” Gu Wentian froze for a moment before snapping in surprise, “Could it be that Mr. Chen is talking about that Kyoto Protector Pavilion Master Zhao Wuji?”
“Yes, that’s him!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
Gu Wentian looked at Chen Ping somewhat incredulously, he could not have imagined that Chen Ping would still have interactions with Zhao Wuji of the Kyoto Dharma Protector Pavilion.
Even at the height of his career, there was a big gap between him and Zhao Wuji, and the head of the Kyoto Dharma Protection Court was an unattainable figure.
“Mr. Chen, if you go tomorrow, I’ll send a car to pick you up?”
Gu asked Tian.
“Good, let’s go together tomorrow!”
Chen Ping nodded, after all, Chen Ping had never been to Kyoto and was unfamiliar with it, and since Gu Wentian had attended this auction, following Gu Wentian would save him the trouble!
Gu Wentian left, while Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er walked down from upstairs!
“Chen Ping, what did you just say about going somewhere with Gu?”
Su Yuqi asked.
Chen Ping looked at the two, a little surprised, he thought the two weren’t at home at all!