As Chen Ping and Ge Yuhan’s bodies continued to sink, the sizzling sensation was gradually disappearing.
In the end, there was even a trace of coolness, which made Chen Ping feel very strange!
How could there be a cool sensation here when it was clearly inside the lava?
But soon, Chen Ping discovered that not only was there a cool feeling within the lava, but he could also breathe freely, exactly like an enclosed space, isolating the lava from the outside.
Chen Ping hurriedly reached out and grabbed Ge Yuhan, holding her tightly in order to prevent her from falling too fast!
But at this moment, Ge Yuhan was naked, and Chen Ping was holding her tightly, and that manly heat instantly caused Chen Ping to react.
Chen Ping hurriedly recited the Clear Heart Mantra, and then looked into the bottomless pit as the two of them slowly fell!
In the end, the two men’s bodies stopped falling and Chen Ping hurriedly looked and found the two men standing on top of a large red coffin!
“How can there be a coffin here?”
Chen Ping’s heart was amazed.
Moreover, Chen Ping felt that the burst of coolness was actually emanating from this coffin.
It was simply too strange that a coffin encased in lava could still emit a burst of coolness.
Chen Ping guessed that there must be some kind of treasure inside this coffin!
Chen Ping carried Ge Yuhan down from the top of the coffin, and then the two bodies began to descend once more!
Just as Chen Ping was descending, Chen Ping slapped his palm on top of the coffin and opened the lid of that coffin.
Too late to see what was inside, Chen Ping rolled in with Ge Yuhan in his arms!
If they didn’t get into the coffin, the two would have descended to who knows where.
As Chen Ping and Ge Yuhan entered the coffin, they were instantly enveloped in a wave of cold air!
A burst of frost had formed on their bodies!
Chen Ping took a closer look at the coffin, underneath them was a corpse, only a pile of skeletons remained!
And in the place of the skull, a crystal clear bead, only the size of a thumb, shone brightly!
And it was from this bead that the cold Qi came.
“What is this thing?”
Chen Ping curiously picked up the bead, and from that bead, a penetrating coldness instantly a*saulted Chen Ping’s entire body, causing him to shiver coldly.
While Chen Ping was observing the bead, he did not notice that Ge Yuhan’s eyes, which were originally godless, began to glow.
There was also an expression on her dull face as she kept looking at her body!
“What a strange bead, if I swallow this bead into my belly, will I no longer be afraid of flames?”
Chen Ping thought and was about to swallow the bead!
Seeing this, Ge Yuhan hurriedly reached out and snatched the bead away, “This is my precious bead, how can you eat it, you b*****d?”
Chen Ping froze, looking at Ge Yuhan with a face full of surprise, and then let out an incredulous cry.
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping seemed to be stimulated by something and shouted desperately!
Ge Yuhan also followed with an ah ah shout.
“You …… have recovered?”
Chen Ping stared dead at Ge Yuhan and asked with an unbelievable face.
“Recovered what? You big pervert, don’t look at me ……”
Ge Yuhan said, and used her hands to blindfold Chen Ping’s eyes.
Chen Ping plucked away Ge Yuhan’s hand and grabbed Ge Yuhan’s shoulder tightly and said, “How did you recover? Don’t you remember me?”
With an excited face, Chen Ping kept asking at Ge Yuhan.
“I don’t even know you, what do I remember?”
“You’re not allowed to look anymore, quickly take off your clothes and give me ……”
Ge Yuhan looked shy and asked Chen Ping to take off her clothes for her!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, he directly took off his clothes and draped them on Ge Yuhan.