“But, but the breath in your body is a terrifying beast race breath ……”
That Tibetan old man asked in disbelief!
“Then how about you take a look at this ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking, a Demon Race to Fire struck out, burning around the three people!
“Devil race aura, could it be that you are a devil cultivator?”
The green-robed middle-aged man said in shock!
This time, the three guys were all confused, they had never felt the aura of the three major ethnic groups on a single person before!
This was too unbelievable, and now that they were saying whether Chen Ping was a human or not, they didn’t even know anymore!
“Are you guys ready to answer what I just said?”
Chen Ping asked coldly!
“This …… this illusion formation is ……”
That green robed middle aged man opened his mouth to say!
But just as he opened his mouth, he was glared at by that hidden old man, “Shut the hell up, do you want to be exterminated?”
This sentence instantly caused that green-robed middle-aged man to shut his mouth.
When Chen Ping saw this, he then struck that Zang Lao with a Supreme Flame!
The Supreme Flame burned, burning that Zang Lao wailing!
That kind of pain, it was creepy to hear the sound!
When the green-robed middle-aged man saw this, he was so scared that he was sweating coldly and his body was constantly trembling.
“Speak, if you don’t, you will be just like him!”
Chen Ping said coldly!
“We won’t say it, kill us!”
That deer brother gritted his teeth and shook his head!
Boom!
A supreme fire also burned on that Deer Brother, burning him to the point that he was also crying out in a ghostly manner!
That green-robed middle-aged man in the middle, his body shook even more severely!
Chen Ping knew that this fellow was the breakthrough!
“If you don’t say anything, I will use the Supreme Fire to burn you for three days and three nights, so that you can taste the pain of the flames.”
Chen Ping walked over and then looked straight at the green-robed middle-aged man and said!
The green-robed middle-aged man did not dare to look at Chen Ping’s eyes, his body trembled as he cried, “Please, let me go, I am also following orders.”
“I didn’t put up that illusion formation, nor did I trick you into coming here, it has nothing to do with me at all.”
“Then let me ask you, who exactly are you people?”Chen Ping asked softly!
He knew that at this time, he needed to proceed slowly and gradually in order to pry out the information!
“I …… I ……” The green robed middle aged man looked at his burning companions on both sides and said after swallowing a mouthful of saliva, “We are people from Beast City. ”
“Beast City?”Chen Ping frowned slightly, then asked, “How come I didn’t know there was a Beast City? Where is this Beast City?”
“This …… this …… I can’t say ……” The green robed middle aged man hurriedly shook his head:”We sneaked out, if the city lord knows, we are all going to be exterminated.”
“Please let me go, I have an eight thousand year old mother on top and a three hundred year old child underneath, please ……”
The green-robed middle-aged man kept kowtowing to Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping almost didn’t laugh out loud when he heard the green-robed middle-aged man’s words!
Eight thousand year old mother is also even so, after all, this celestial realm cultivator, live a ten thousand eight thousand years old is also normal!
But what the hell is that three hundred year old child?
“Alright, I won’t ask you where Beast City is, but you should always tell me what’s going on in this Beast City, right? I’m very curious, because I’ve travelled the Heavenly Demon Mountain dozens of times, and I haven’t seen any cities in this area ah!”
Chen Ping did not dare to pursue the question too closely, so he said!
“After the God-Devil War, our Beast City was hidden, and all Beast City subjects were not allowed to leave at will.”
“This illusion formation was also laid down by our City Lord, just to prevent anyone from mistakenly entering the Beast City.”
“The three of us secretly use the illusion formation to hunt humans just to refine the Ten Thousand Heart Pill.”
The green-robed middle-aged man saw that Chen Ping was also very good at talking, so he somewhat relaxed his guard!
“Could it be that in this Beast City, all of them are beast races and there are no other races?”Chen Ping continued to ask!
The green-robed middle-aged man shook his head, “No……”