‘This? …………’
Shen Ji Zi hesitated and smiled faintly towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping instantly understood in seconds that this fellow was asking for money!
So Chen Ping took out the Purple Gold Spirit Coin and threw it to that Shen Ji Zi!
Getting the money, Shen Ji Zi then smiled excitedly and said, ‘Don’t you know that this trip to the poles can be very dangerous and many people have died.’
‘Almost all of the outer disciples of the Broad Cold Palace, almost all of them died, those male cultivators who went with them also died, and most of all, the Mu Family’s eldest young lady also died in the Polar Regions.’
‘So what?’ Chen Ping looked at Shen Ji Zi!
‘So what?’ Shen Ji Zi laughed, ‘This time when the Mu Family’s eldest miss died in the Polar Regions, it was the work of the Broad Cold Palace, and one must know that this Mu Family’s eldest miss is also considered to be an elder of the Broad Cold Palace.’
‘Originally, the Guanghan Palace followed the Mu Family as a co-operative relationship, this time it’s completely broken up, just wait and watch the show later!’
‘The Mu Family will definitely retaliate, that Mu Family Head should not take more than a few days to get out of the gate, there will definitely be a vicious battle at that time.’
‘I advise you to leave as soon as possible and stay away from that Guanghan Palace, you also have an enmity following the Mu Family, if the Mu Family Head really comes out of the gate, you’ll be out of luck.’
‘If it wasn’t for your spirit coins, I wouldn’t tell you this.’
‘How do you know all this?’ Chen Ping frowned and said!
‘Of course I have my own sources, otherwise I would be here drinking the northwest wind.’
After Shen Ji Zi finished speaking, he turned around and left!
While Chen Ping was hesitant at the moment, if he left and the Mu Family Head really came out of the gate and then raised the power of the entire clan against the Guanghan Palace, I believe that the Guanghan Palace would not be able to withstand it at all!
After all, Guanghan Palace was just starting out, and the losses from this Polar Journey were also very large, relying on the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace alone, he was afraid that there was no way to cope with it at all!
But if he stayed, with his current strength, he was not even a match for the Mu Family Head!
After thinking about it, Chen Ping still felt that he should return to the Blood Spirit Valley first, hand over the Heavenly Demon Stone to Wind Demon, and wait for Wind Demon to reshape his flesh and recover his peak strength!
Chen Ping would not have to be afraid, and believed that Wind Demon would definitely help him!
There was another point, that is, Chen Ping planned to go back and find some helpers to come over, the disciples of the Guanghan Palace were too few now, against the strength of the entire Mu Family, it would not be able to carry them at all!
When the time came, Chen Ping would bring some people over, no matter if it was the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, or Bai Shao, or Luo Shouhai, they were all great cultivators of the seventh or eighth level of the Transition Realm, and they were more than enough to deal with the Mu Family’s ordinary disciples!
Chen Ping found the Wantong Pavilion and directly boarded the airship with the Elder’s Order, originally there was no place for Chen Ping, but this Elder’s Order played a big role!
‘Mr Chen …………’
Seeing Chen Ping, Elder Sun of the Wantong Pavilion was very surprised!
‘Elder Sun, I did not expect you to be there!’ Chen Ping saw Elder Sun and said with a slight smile!
‘I am this life of running at both ends.’ Wan Tong Pavilion Elder Sun smiled helplessly, then asked, ‘Mr Chen, didn’t you go to the Guang Han Palace, and you’re leaving after only a few days?’
‘Yes, things are done.’
Chen Ping nodded!
‘It’s good to leave now, I guess it won’t take long, Guanghan Palace is afraid that there is a calamity on the horizon.’
‘Who did the Guanghan Palace mess with is not good, but they messed with the Mu Family, and now that the Mu Family has already recalled the entire clan’s children, it is estimated that they are going to make a move against the Guanghan Palace.’
Elder Sun sighed and said!
‘Elder Sun, how much do you know about the Mu Family?’
Chen Ping asked to Elder Sun!
‘I don’t know much about it, but I think Pavilion Master Qian should know about it, and we here at this Wantong Pavilion Branch Pavilion should have information about the Mu Family.’
‘Only, the rules of our Wan Tong Pavilion, if you want to get the information, you have to spend spirit coins to buy it.’
‘Although you saved Elder Xia’s daughter and have Elder Xia’s token, this is after all South End City, which is under the responsibility of Pavilion Master Qian, so ……’
Elder Sun’s meaning was obvious, Chen Ping wanted to get the Mu Family’s information, he also had to take money to do so, Elder Xia’s token was useless!
‘Elder Sun don’t worry, the more money to give more money, will never give one point less.’
Chen Ping said!
After all, Wantong Pavilion was doing business, not giving money was not an option!