After Xing Jun finished his analysis, Mr. Shi smiled in satisfaction, “Your analysis is good, each person’s aura will be related to each person’s character and experience, Chen Ping’s strength has exploded and he has encountered many things recently, so it has created his aura to be rigid and full of killing energy.”
“That Du Da, on the other hand, has been cultivating for many years on Penglai Island, living a life free from the world, so his aura is much more introverted, and in terms of attainment and experience, this Du Da is better than Chen Ping!”
“But the real victory or defeat is not all about these, it is also about will and determination, the reason why that Du Da did not use his full strength is because he still preserves his ability to escape, he will not really fight Chen Ping to the death and lose both ……”
“But Chen Ping is broken, don’t you see that Chen Ping has taken out the determination to trade his life for his life?”
Xing Jun was silent as he quietly watched the two sides of the bout!
Boom!
Du Da struck out at Chen Ping.
The momentum of his might rolled towards Chen Ping, a terrifying aura covering the sky and instantly turning day into night!
Immediately afterwards, spiritual energy condensed and instantly transformed into an incomparably sharp sword!
“Chen Ping, I heard that your indestructible golden body is indestructible, then try this sword of mine ……”
Duda held the sword made of spiritual energy, the sword soared several feet long, and with endless sword Qi, it instantly cut at Chen Ping!
When this sword went down, the entire earth seemed to be split into a gaping hole, flying sand and rocks and trees flying everywhere!
Even Mr. Shi, who was a thousand meters away, could feel the power of this sword qi.
“What a strong sword qi, Mr. Shi, can Chen Ping block it?”
Xing Jun asked with an incredulous face.
“I don’t know!” Mr. Shi replied indifferently.
Xing Jun was stunned and looked at Mr. Shi with some confusion, he did not understand how Mr. Shi could not know.
If Chen Ping couldn’t block it, then shouldn’t Mr. Shi have stepped in?
After all, Mr Shi was here to protect Chen Ping.
But looking at Mr Shi, he did not have the intention to make a move.
Long Jingguo’s eyes were also slightly narrowed at this moment, “This Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body is indeed powerful, I just don’t know if he can block this sword, if Chen Ping can’t even take a single move, then it’s not enough to worry about ……”
Everyone was watching Chen Ping, trying to see if Chen Ping could block this sword!
And the scales on Chen Ping’s body, glowing with a dazzling golden light, at this moment, instead of dodging, Chen Ping actually went straight towards Duda’s sword Qi to meet it.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry, followed by a fist that ruthlessly smashed into the sword in Duda’s hand!
Boom!
A dazzling white light flashed past, and everyone instinctively closed their eyes, followed by the sight of the sword in Duda’s hand actually starting to crumble, before finally turning into a bit of spiritual energy that instantly drifted away!
And the scales on Chen Ping’s body also began to fall off and disappear, revealing incomparably tight muscles in the end!
“This Chen Ping’s strength seems to have gotten a lot stronger again ……”
Xing Jun said with some surprise.
Mr. Shi smiled faintly, a look of satisfaction also appearing on his face.
Long Jingguo, on the other hand, had a frown on his face, an indescribably ugly expression on his face, not knowing what was going through his mind!
Also somewhat surprised was Zhu Zhishan, who at this moment only had one arm, and was watching the scene of Chen Ping being abused with great hope.
But this opening scene, the strength Chen Ping displayed, took Zhu Zhishan by surprise!
“Elder brother Du, what is this …… going on?”
From Zhu Zhishan’s point of view, once Du Da had struck, Chen Ping was bound to die!
Du Da ignored Zhu Zhishan, but narrowed his eyes and looked at Chen Ping: “Kid, your strength is really good, I have been diving for decades, apart from torturing some fierce beasts, I have never had a painful fight with someone, today I will have a good fight with you, and also use my soon to be rusty techniques!”
“Pity, pity …………”
Chen Ping looked at Duda and suddenly let out a few sighs.