“So many demonic beasts, run, run quickly ah ……”
Some Heavenly Underworld Gang members panicked when they saw so many demonic beasts!
“Don’t run, this must be an illusion, we are caught in an illusion, we are in the mountains, how can we be above the grassland all of a sudden?”
Zou Qi reacted at this moment and hurriedly stopped the gang members who were about to flee!
Once those Heavenly Underworld Gang members heard this, they also reacted, they were definitely trapped in an illusionary formation, these demonic beasts in front of them were definitely illusions!
Thinking of this, these people were not afraid, but that Qi Peijia had been frowning, he didn’t know what illusion formation was, but these demonic beasts in front of him in all directions gave him a very real feeling and aura!
He felt that none of these demonic beasts were fake, but now he wasn’t sure!
“Hmph, a small illusion formation, also want to trap me, simply a joke ……”
After Zou Qi knew that this was an illusion, the corner of his mouth lifted up, then he pinched his magic knob and recited under his breath!
A talisman suddenly flew out from within Zou Qi’s body and burned in mid-air!
“The qi of yin and yang, the mother of heaven and earth, the spirit of illusion, for my use. Break the clouds and split the sky, destroy the dragon by the sun, where the divine arrow goes, all things will be executed!”
Zou Qi recited the mantra to break the illusion formation under his breath, and the flames burning from that talisman became even more ferocious!
However, those demonic beasts in all directions, as if they were not hindered in any way, were still charging towards them!
Looking at the demonic beasts around them, those members of the Heavenly Underworld Gang began to panic a little again!
They didn’t understand why Zou Qi’s spells weren’t working anymore!
Seeing that those demonic beasts were about to rush in front of them, Qi Peijia could only helplessly open the Heavenly Underworld Eyes again!
Under the Heavenly Underworld Eye, all things were equal and no one could escape this one eye!
When the Eye of Heavenly Underworld was opened, heaven and earth instantly changed colour, while those demonic beasts were still hissing and rushing towards Qi Peijia and the others!
Qi Peijia’s face changed “This is not an illusion, these demonic beasts are real, run, quickly run……”
Qi Peijia finished speaking and was the first to leave in January!
Subsequently, he used a spatial technique to make himself quickly escape!
Qi Peijia ran away, unexpectedly completely regardless of Zou Qi and others!
Seeing Qi Peijia running away, these people from the Heavenly Underworld Gang also panicked!
Especially Zou Qi, engaged in a full head of sweat, but surprisingly, it was not useful at all!
“Run, run quickly ……”
Zou Qi finally stopped hoping for his spell, turned around and started running!
If he ran a little slower, he might be drowned by these demonic beasts!
This time, the crowd of the Heavenly Underworld Gang were all scattered by the demonic beasts!
I do not know how long to run, Zou Qi panting stopped, only to find in his side only a few people, others and that Qi Peijia, do not know where to go!
At this time, Zou Qi is a bit tired.
“f*ck, what kind of sh*tty place, in the end there is no treasure, how will be suddenly transmitted here?”
Looking at the surrounding grassland that could not be seen at a glance, Zou Qi was a little flustered!
He didn’t want to be trapped here, if the Divine Demon Battlefield was over by then, they were going to be trapped here!
Hell knows when that Divine Demon Battlefield would open again!
“Gang Master, what do we do?”
A Heavenly Underworld Gang member looked around and asked somewhat timidly!
“What else can we do, look for a breakthrough, if we don’t get out, we’re going to be trapped to death here.”
Zou Qi sighed, he could only lead the people to look for a breakthrough!
Just shortly after Zou Qi and the others had just left, the place where they had originally stood, suddenly the void fluctuated, followed by array patterns surging like waves!
Slowly a gap in the void appeared, Chen Ping jumped in directly from within that gap!
It turned out that this was an illusionary formation, only Qi Peijia’s Heavenly Underworld Eyes didn’t see it either, and thought it was a real scene.