Chen Ping watched as Zhu Ling fiddled with the array disc, although the technique was still childish, but it operated without fault!
And this array disc was indeed powerful, when the array disc was opened, it was as if a curtain of light fell from the sky, followed by a spread of light, revealing the hidden array around it, and then the array was invaded by the curtain of light, forming a crack!
Around the crack, there were quite a lot of spiritual qi flowing, these spiritual qi was the one that would be used to make the formation rejoin in a while!
‘Alright, we can go in quietly!’
Zhu Ling put away the array disc and walked in through the crack!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also followed the crack and walked in, not too long after that crack slowly rejoined, and then it was as if nothing had happened!
Looking at the rejoined formation, Chen Ping’s face revealed a smile!
This formation disc was given to Zhu Ling by Elder Cui, but the formation here was also laid by urging the account!
And coincidentally, the formation disc could easily break through the formation and still not cause damage to the formation!
This was something that even a fool could tell that Elder Cui had done on purpose!
In that case, it seemed that Elder Cui also had his heart towards the old Sect Master’s lineage, only that he wasn’t able to blatantly take sides!
‘How about it, this array disc is very powerful, right? I also unintentionally discovered that the array disc can break through these formations.’
‘There are many more formations behind us, you mustn’t run around, stay close to me at the back!’
Zhu Ling said to Chen Ping!
‘Okay, senior sister!’ After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly came up behind Zhu Ling and almost pressed his body to Zhu Ling’s back!
It was almost like they were about to hug each other!
‘What are you doing?’
Zhu Ling froze and glared back at Chen Ping!
‘Senior sister, didn’t you ask me to follow you closely, I’m afraid that if I’m too far away from you, I’ll be in trouble if I mistakenly touch the formation.’
Chen Ping hurriedly explained!
‘Then there is no need to directly stick up ah, you are on top of me, just take a step away from me!’
Zhu Ling gave Chen Ping a blank look!
Chen Ping hurriedly nodded his head and pretended to be an ignorant white boy, allowing Zhu Ling to command him!
If according to the control and understanding of formations, then Elder Cui was not even as good as Chen Ping!
These few formations, Chen Ping was able to see through them with a single glance!
Only, Chen Ping had no way to enter the formations without a sound, and could only rely on breaking the formations!
Seeing that Chen Ping was so obedient, Zhu Ling then turned back in satisfaction and quietly continued on her way!
When Chen Ping arrived at an archway, they could see from afar that four guards were standing straight!
Seeing these guards, Chen Ping whispered, ‘Senior sister, there are people watching here, how are we going to get in?’
‘Don’t worry, I have a way!’
Zhu Ling said, pulling out two copper discs that were only the size of a palm, while on top of the discs were engraved with concealment formations!
‘I have two concealment array discs here, I’ll tell you how to use them in a moment, and then you can go in with a hidden form.’
‘Don’t panic, if you shake in exposing your breath, you will be discovered by the other party, this will be troublesome if you are caught, and I won’t be able to sneak in from now on.’
Zhu Ling barked at Chen Ping!
‘Is this also given to you by Elder Cui?’
Chen Ping asked curiously!
‘En!’ Zhu Ling nodded, ‘I often rely on the Concealment Formation Disc to go out and play, a lot of people haven’t seen me and think that I’ve been staying at the mansion all this time, so I won’t be bored to death!’
Chen Ping received the concealment array disc and became more convinced that this Elder Cui was from the old Sect Master’s lineage, or at the very least inclined towards the old Sect Master’s lineage!
Otherwise, why give Zhu Ling so many array discs?
Although these array discs weren’t much more advanced, in a place like the Celestial Realm, each array disc was extremely expensive!
Even something as simple as a sound transmission jade slip was worth a fortune, not to mention array discs!
Zhu Ling taught Chen Ping to use the array discs hand in hand!