At this moment, the two men in black who were hiding in the shadows had surprise in their eyes!
“Lord Demon Envoy, it seems that you really do anticipate things well, this ten thousand year old herb is really not that easy to fetch, making this Chen Ping a scapegoat is definitely a second move.”
Song Qingping said to Ning Zhi.
“Have all the people been arranged? If someone follows that Chen Ping to snatch this Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb, you’ll help that Chen Ping out with a cooperative public opinion!”
“The ten-thousand-year herb will end up in our hands anyway, and it will still make that Chen Ping grateful.”
Ning Zhi inquired.
“It’s arranged, now if I give the order, those people will appear.”
Song Qingping said.
Ning Zhi nodded, then looked at Chen Ping again, and he noticed that Chen Ping had by now tumbled his body out of the mud and away from that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Hu Ma Zi asked as he stepped forward.
“It’s fine, how could this lightning be so powerful, even more powerful than me crossing the tribulation!”
Chen Ping slowly got up and looked at the ten thousand year old He Shou Wu, somewhat at a loss for words!
On the other side, Zhu Hao, after getting the herbs, was about to leave when he suddenly noticed that where they were just now, there was a rumbling sound at the moment!
Immediately afterwards, there was a black cloud in the sky, and within the black cloud, countless blue lightning bolts were weaving in and out!
This vision was far more spectacular than this side!
“Could it be that two ten thousand year old medicinal herbs will come out today?”
Someone said in disbelief.
Zhu Hao held the mountain ginseng in his hand and said with a slight frown, “Bad, we might have fallen for it ……”
In fact, when Zhu Hao got the mountain ginseng, he had some suspicions because the aura emanating from within this mountain ginseng was not like a ten thousand year old medicinal herb.
Only at this kind of juncture, Zhu Hao didn’t dare to be sure!
But now, seeing that the place they had just been to was full of visions, and on top of that, Chen Ping hadn’t come with them at all, he knew that he might have been fooled!
“Go back quickly ……”
Zhu Hao shouted and hurriedly headed towards where they were just now!
Hong Qianjiu, on the other hand, looked towards the heaven and earth vision and the corners of his mouth lifted faintly, “This Chen Ping, looks like he’s much smarter than I thought!”
Hong Qianjiu also led his men back, while Jiang Wei now remembered what Chen Ping had just said to him and understood what it meant!
Soon, all the people who had left rushed back.
When they saw the golden light of the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu, they realized that this was the real Ten Thousand Year Herb in front of them!
What Zhu Hao had gotten his hands on was just a fake, knowing how easy it was to get hold of a ten thousand year old medicinal herb.
Looking at the ten thousand year old herb in front of him, someone couldn’t control it and rushed towards the ten thousand year old He Shou Wu!
But just before they got close, they hadn’t even touched the Ten Thousand Year Radix!
A bolt of lightning struck down in the sky!
That man was instantly destroyed, not even a crumb remained!
Seeing this scene, no one dared to come forward easily!
Zhu Hao frowned and said to the old man beside him, “Old Qiu, can you get that Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu?”
Because of the lightning protection, Zhu Hao didn’t dare to risk going to get it, if this was struck by a single blow and destroyed in ashes, he would be finished, afraid that he wouldn’t even have the chance to borrow a new life!
“I’m not sure, but if you give me time, I’ll be able to do it!”
The old man opened his mouth and said.
Zhu Hao frowned, with so many people watching intently, how could they possibly give time!
If he could get rid of all these people in front of him, then Zhu Hao would be able to take out a few days to slowly take out this Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu.
“This He Shou Wu has been ordered by me, those who don’t want to die should leave quickly, or else don’t blame me for being ungracious ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes coldly swept a glance at the crowd and said.
With so many people watching, Chen Ping knew that if he was unable to carry the lightning, then these people would probably have to swarm him.
Therefore, he planned to drive these people away before thinking of a way to take out the Ten Thousand Year He Shou Wu.