The four Qin experts were all Zongshi, and only Chi Feng was a Zongshi, no matter if it was Lin Tianhu or the guards, they were all only at the advanced level of internal energy, how could they possibly be a match for a Zongshi!
Red Phoenix fought two Qin masters alone, while the other two followed Lin Tianhu and the others in a mixed battle.
The other two were following Lin Tianhu and the guards, and they could only hold on for dear life.
Qin Feng looked at the scene in front of him and the corners of his mouth lifted slightly, “That Chen Ping is not small in ability, but his men are all a bunch of trash ……”
Just as Qin Feng was pleased with himself, a human figure suddenly flashed past, and the Qin family experts who had been indiscriminately killing those guards were instantly knocked out by the figure, all spouting blood and seriously injured!
Seeing this, the two Qin Clan experts who were fighting with Red Phoenix hurriedly retreated to Qin Feng’s side!
“Bai Zhan Tang, why did you strike at my Qin family’s subordinates?”
Qin Feng looked at the incoming person and instantly said in anger!
Bai Zhan Tang, dressed in a white suit, said with a cold and arrogant face, “Qin Feng, I’ve bailed out the people here, if you don’t want to be an enemy of my Bai family, you’d better leave!”
“You bailed?” Qin Feng frowned, then the corners of his mouth lifted and he sneered, “Don’t you just want that jade pendant? Don’t f*cking pretend in front of me, do you think you can just bail out? Get the hell out of my way if you don’t want to die!”
“Qin Feng, do you really dare to make an enemy of my Bai family?” Bai Zhan Tang’s face turned cold!
“Bah, what can I do if I make an enemy of your Bai family? My dad will soon be out of the gate, by then your Bai family is nothing!”
Qin Feng spat fiercely!
“Seeking death ……”
Bai Zhan Tang’s eyes opened in anger and he directly slapped his palm towards Qin Feng!
Seeing this, Wild Wolf beside Qin Feng was about to make a move, but was stopped by Qin Feng: “Uncle Wolf, I’ll fight this kid first!”
Qin Feng said, and with a long stride, he rushed up!
Bai Zhan Tang and Qin Feng were both of equal strength, both of them were of the seventh rank of Zongshi, so they fought against each other and exchanged hundreds of moves in a flash!
The dust flew and covered the sky, looking at the scene in front of him, Lin Tianhu’s face was getting ugly, he felt that his strength was still too far behind, even that Red Phoenix also showed a shocked look, worthy of being from a big family in Kyoto, at a young age, he had already reached the strength of the seventh grade of the clan, higher than her strength.
Boom …………
After a sudden, muffled sound, the two figures separated, all taking three steps back each!
Bai Zhan Tang’s face was unpleasant and somewhat pale, while that Qin Feng’s breath was obviously uneven even though his face was wearing a cold smile!
“Bai Zhan Tang, if it’s just you, you’re afraid you won’t be able to stop me!”
Qin Feng said with a cold smile.
“Qin Feng, today, even if I die, I won’t let you touch them a bit!”
Bai Zhan Tang had a determined face, this matter was about the entire Bai family’s foundation for centuries to come!
This time if Bai Zhan Tang saved Su Yu Qi, then Chen Ping would definitely owe him a favor, owe their Bai family a favor, let a cultivator owe a favor, then the Bai family could rest easy in the future!
“Hmph, then I’ll make you whole!” Qin Feng snorted coldly and looked to Wild Wolf, “Uncle Wolf, waste this kid!”
Qin Feng only told Wild Wolf to waste Bai Zhan Tang, but he didn’t dare to really let Wild Wolf kill Bai Zhan Tang, because he also knew that if he really killed Bai Zhan Tang, he was afraid that the Bai family would follow the Qin family in a battle at any cost, and when the time came, it would be a fish dead net, and it would still be cheap for the other families in Kyoto!
“No problem!” Wild Wolf nodded his head!
After saying that, his entire body flickered away and instantly arrived in front of Bai Zhantang!
Bai Zhan Tang was startled, and before he could react, he was struck by that Wild Wolf’s palm on his shoulder, sending him flying straight out!