“Tiger Li Tai Sin spare my life, Tiger Li Tai Sin spare my life ah …………”
Du Ziteng crawled and shouted for mercy!
All the way crawling into the mansion, Du Ziteng didn’t dare to look up, but feeling the majesty of Tiger Li Daxian, Du Ziteng was about to P*ss himself in fear.
“How did you do it? How dare someone break into the forbidden place at night now?”
Tiger Power Great Immortal snorted coldly and said.
Du Ziteng’s body trembled and he hurriedly explained, “Tiger Li Daxian spare my life, it was that Chen Ping, they sneaked in, and I don’t know how they opened the forbidden place’s mechanism and broke in!”
“Chen Ping?” Tiger Li Daxian frowned.
“Yes, he was the one who killed my brother Du Da.”
Du Ziteng hurriedly said.
“Since he killed your brother, why do you still keep him? Today, someone damaged the idol and someone broke into the forbidden place at night, I see how on earth you, King Du, can be?”
Tiger Li Daxian was clearly angry.
“Tiger Li Daxian, that Chen Ping is already at the YuanYing realm, I’m not even a match for him ah, the divine statue was also broken by him, and my dog son was unable to hurt him even a single bit when he applied divine punishment ……”
Du Ziteng’s words instantly made Tiger Li Daxian come to life.
“Even the divine punishment can carry through?” A light shone in Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes, “It seems that this kid’s flesh is really a good thing, maybe with this flesh of his, the master can be resurrected ……”
Du Ziteng listened to Tiger Li Daxian’s words, but he couldn’t understand them at all, nor did he know who the master that Tiger Li Daxian was talking about was!
Du Ziteng only knew that in the entire Penglai Island, only the Tiger Li Daxian in front of him was the real master behind the scenes!
“Tomorrow, you bring that kid to me ……”
Tiger Li Daxian said.
Du Ziteng’s face showed a dilemma, he didn’t know if Chen Ping would listen to him.
If Chen Ping didn’t listen, he didn’t have the ability to bring Chen Ping in forcefully.
At this moment, Tiger Li Daxian took out some pills and threw them directly to Du Ziteng!
“You just need to find a way to make him take these pills tomorrow, he will lose his power for a while and obediently listen to you, remember, take one and it will have an effect, never hurt him, I still have a use for it!”
Tiger Li Daxian barked at Du Ziteng.
“My subordinate understands!” Du Ziteng nodded, then let out a sigh of relief and exited the mansion!
As for Chen Ping and Hu Pazi, after escaping, they went straight back to their rooms and slept, pretending not to know anything.
As a result, no one traced them all night.
Early in the morning, Chen Ping and the others were invited to have breakfast with Du Ziteng!
Du Ziteng acted very warmly, as if nothing had happened last night!
This made Chen Ping and the others a little suspicious!
“Gentlemen, you are all guests, please feel free to enjoy yourselves!”
After Du Ziteng finished speaking, someone quickly brought up a few plates and placed them in front of Chen Ping.
After opening them, what was inside was not a nutritious breakfast, but a grain of elixir!
This scene made Chen Ping and the others look a little dumbfounded!
They had never seen, for breakfast, pills instead of pills.
“Several of you, for us cultivators, eating grains and cereals is a waste of food, here is a nutritional pellet refined by our palace medicine master that can help with cultivation, please try it!”
After finishing his sentence, Du Ziteng took the lead and took one for himself and ate it!
Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Beng looked at Chen Ping together, the two of them didn’t know how to refine pills, and they didn’t know that it wasn’t fried again!
Chen Ping nodded slightly towards the two of them, then also took one of the pills in front of him and threw it into his mouth!
Seeing this, Hu Pazi and Zhao Beng gobbled it up!
It was not every day that they could have such a luxurious life, causing them to eat pills.
In the mouth, a burst of warmth came over them, it was indeed a good thing!
But as the pills on the plate in front of him got smaller and smaller, Chen Ping picked up the last one and was about to throw it into his mouth when he suddenly froze!