Ning Zhi and Long Xiao were all casting very bizarre spells, some of which were unheard of and unseen ……
These were all the spirits within them, their respective skills!
“Long Xiao, how dare you be arrogant with this ability ……”
Ning Zhi bellowed, followed by his body actually becoming illusory in mid-air, as if he had gone invisible!
Subsequently, Long Xiao only felt his body, which had been heavily smashed, tremble slightly!
After this heavy blow, Ning Zhi’s form appeared, but with a face full of disbelief!
That was his strongest blow just now, but it only caused Long Xiao to tremble a little!
At this moment, Ning Zhi’s face became unsightly!
When the crowd around him saw this, they all held their breaths and tensed up inside!
Many of them were hoping for Ning Zhi’s victory, but now it looked like Ning Zhi was going to fall to the bottom!
“Hahaha …… This body of mine that has suffered a lightning tribulation, is it something that you can’t hurt ……”
Long Xiao laughed crazily, then his body was instantly wrapped in black around him, and the blackness turned into a large, heavenly hand!
And this large hand was fiercely slapped towards Ning Zhi.
“Run, run quickly …………”
At that moment, an old voice in Ning Zhi’s mind urged loudly at Ning Zhi!
While Ning Zhi was in a daze, the great heavenly hand slapped up fiercely!
Boom!
Ning Zhi’s entire body instantly fell, followed by a fierce smash into the ground!
After the move, Long Xiao did not stop, but kept on striking out a bright light from his hand, blasting directly at Ning Zhi’s body!
At this moment, it was difficult for Ning Zhi to get up!
The heavyweights who saw this scene were all dumbfounded, the battle between the two Great Martial Marquises had been won and lost too quickly!
“Young master is mighty, young master is mighty …………”
When the Long family saw this, they all shouted out loud!
“Ah …………”
Ning Zhi suddenly erupted with a furious cry!
Immediately afterwards a black shadow instantly appeared within his body, a black shadow which, amidst the pervasive black mist, could not be seen at all, not even as a man or a woman!
“This is to force the old man to strike ……”
The black shadow shouted explosively, followed by Ning Zhi’s body instantly standing up!
And that black shadow clung to Ning Zhi’s back, from afar it looked as if Ning Zhi was carrying a person on his back at that moment!
At this instant, Ning Zhi’s strength began to skyrocket, and his eyes glowed red in their midst!
“Even the spirits are going into battle, but it’s useless, today will surely be the day of your death ……”
Looking at Ning Zhi’s different appearance at this moment, Long Xiao said without being bothered.
Whoosh ……
The moment Long Xiao finished his words, he found that Ning Zhi had already arrived in front of him, followed by a fist that smashed into Long Xiao’s body!
The first thing that happened was that the person who was in charge of the project took several steps backwards! Long Xiao’s body swayed and he took several steps back!
This time, hope rose in Ning Zhi’s eyes, and the crowd all clenched their fists and began to give Ning Zhi a boost of energy!
Boom boom boom …………
Ning Zhi struck while the iron was hot, slamming out a dozen punches in a row, forcing that Long Xiao backwards and forwards!
“This spirit is so powerful, it’s like I’m finding a spirit to cling to inside me now too ……”
“Wouldn’t that be becoming a puppet? That way one would have no privacy whatsoever.”
“What do you want privacy for, what you want is strength, I’m praying for a spirit to look at my body now.”
“Now that I have the help of a soul again, my cultivation progress will be twice as fast ……”
The crowd looked at Ning Zhi, who was originally defenseless, and after the soul spirit came out of his body to join the battle, the tide of battle was instantly turned, which made many people start wishing they could have a soul spirit inside them too!
Chen Ping listened to the chatter of the people around him, he knew that if the martial arts world went on like this, the end would not be too far away, when people would do whatever they could to pursue strength, it definitely wouldn’t go far!