“It’s him, it’s him …………”
Song Tie saw Chen Ping and immediately shouted out!
And Chen Ping frowned, “I saved your life, but you brought someone to return the favor!”
“I …………”
Song Tie opened her mouth, but didn’t know how to retort!
Because Chen Ping really didn’t make things difficult for her and let her leave easily, as to whether it was Chen Ping who saved herself, Song Tie didn’t know!
It was the butler who reacted quickly and immediately said with a smile, “Little brother, don’t misunderstand, Miss brought us here just to meet you and ask about the situation, if it’s true that you saved Miss, our master will reward you heavily!”
“What’s going on?” At this time Wu Dong who heard the commotion also rushed out, and was shocked when he saw so many people, but after seeing Song Tie and the butler beside him, he immediately understood!
“Butler Liu, don’t misunderstand, Miss Song was really saved by us!”
At this moment, Wu Dong hurriedly followed the butler and said.
Wu Dong often engaged in raw stones, so he also had business dealings with the Song family and knew this Butler Liu!
“Sir Wu, it’s you!” When Butler Liu saw Wu Dong, he was also a bit surprised.
“Yes, yes, I brought Chen ……” Wu Dong was just about to address Mr. Chen, but he saw Chen Ping giving him a wink and immediately changed his tone: “My friend and I came over to collect some raw stones, and we happened to come across Miss Song in danger halfway, so we We had to take Miss Song to the hotel first and let her wake up before we left!”
“I naturally believe in Mr. Wu’s words, thank you so much, our master wants to meet you, he said he will reward you heavily!”
Butler Liu said to Wu Dong.
Wu Dong could not make the decision, he could only sneak a look at Chen Ping, and when he saw Chen Ping nodded, he smiled and said, “I also happen to want to meet Mr Song and discuss the matter of the original stone!”
“Please, Mr. Wu, please!”
Butler Liu made a gesture of invitation!
Wu Dong and Chen Ping followed the Song family to the Song house.
Song Zu De was still waiting in the hall, and when he saw that Song Tie had returned, he immediately got up and asked, “Daughter, have you found those two people?”
“No, the two of them!”
Song Tie said, pointing at Wu Dong and Chen Ping.
“Duke Wu?” Song ZuDe said with a surprised look on his face immediately after seeing Wu Dong.
“Mr. Song!” Wu Dong said with a faint smile!
“It was you guys who saved my daughter?” Song Zu De was full of disbelief!
“Exactly, we saw Miss Song being dazed and stuffed into the car, so we stepped in and saved her!”
Wu Dong nodded his head.
Song Zu De frowned slightly, “Sir Wu, if I remember correctly, you don’t seem to know martial arts, do you?”
Wu Dong smiled awkwardly, “Yes, yes, I don’t know martial arts, the one who saved Miss Song was my friend, he was the one who struck!”
Wu Dong pointed at Chen Ping and said.
Song Zu De surveyed Chen Ping, his face was full of disbelief, those robbers were masters at first glance, to be able to kill those people instantly by slitting their throats, they must be masters, they should be Zong Shi masters, but the Chen Ping in front of him was only in his twenties, how could he be a Zong Shi master?
“Little brother, what is your name?”
Although he had doubts in his mind, Song Zu De asked politely.
“Chen Ping!” Chen Ping replied indifferently!
“So it’s brother Chen Ping, since you saved my daughter, just tell me what you want, if it’s to purchase the original stone, I can give it to you at half price!”
Song Zu De said generously.
After all, when Song Tie was finally released, it was Wu Dong and Chen Ping that he saw, whether or not it was the two who came to the rescue, no matter what, the two didn’t have bad intentions towards his daughter!
“Half price?” When Wu Dong heard this, he immediately became excited.
If this was half price for the original stones, they would make a huge profit, it was a huge amount of money!