“Brother Chen Ping, then what’s with this armour on me?”
Xiao Ru looked at the very well worn armour and was filled with confusion, as she remembered that she had never worn anything like it at all.
Chen Ping hesitated for a moment, for he did not know how to explain to Xiao Ru, and even if he told the truth, he was afraid that Xiao Ru would not believe him.
But just as Chen Ping was hesitating how to explain, the white armour unexpectedly began to flash with light, followed by a pained expression on Xiao Ru’s face.
“Brother Chen Ping, I feel so uncomfortable ……”
Xiao Ru suddenly shrieked.
“Xiao Ru ……”
Chen Ping was startled and immediately knew that the armor was the culprit, and immediately tried to take the armor off Xiao Ru’s body.
Unfortunately, no matter how hard Chen Ping tried, he couldn’t get the armor off Xiao Ru’s body; it was as if the armor was growing on Xiao Ru’s body.
Soon, the armour began to seep into Xiao Ru’s body, and in the end it slowly disappeared.
Xiao Ru’s hands gripped her head with a deadly grip, and her expression became very hideous and painful: “No, no ah …… I will kill you all ……”
Xiao Ru hissed loudly as if she had suddenly gone mad.
Chen Ping stepped forward and tried to bring Xiao Ru under control, but surprisingly, she was thrown away with a slight fling.
Chen Ping was shocked, although his body was now deficient in spiritual energy, it was still easy to control Xiao Ru.
He was now a Martial Marquis, while Xiao Ru was only at the highest Martial Sect realm, how could she have such great strength?
Looking at Xiao Ru who was in pain, Chen Ping looked a little helpless.
But soon, Xiao Ru’s screams slowly stopped, and her expression was no longer so painful.
“Xiao Ru, are you alright?”
Chen Ping stepped forward and asked in a hurried and concerned manner.
Xiao Ru gasped softly, her forehead covered in cold sweat, and shook her head slightly, “Brother Chen Ping, just now, just now I so wanted to see so much blood, so many people were following the demon beast to kill, and I also saw a mermaid ………… ”
Chen Ping listened to Xiao Ru’s narrative, surprisingly followed exactly what he saw, it looks like what he saw really happened here.
“This place is too bizarre, let’s get out of here as soon as possible ……”
Chen Ping always had some uneasiness in his heart and wanted to take Xiao Ru away with him.
But just as Chen Ping was about to leave with Xiao Ru, he suddenly felt a huge aura coming to meet him.
“Someone is coming ……”
Chen Ping frowned and instantly guessed that these people should be Zhu Zhishan and the others.
The spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body was now long deficient, so if he really ran into these people from Zhu Zhishan, he would not be able to fight back at all.
“Brother Chen Ping, who are they? Why are you so nervous?”
Xiao Ru saw Chen Ping’s nervous look and couldn’t help but ask.
“No need to ask, feel free to hide with me ……”
Chen Ping took Xiao Ru and quickly went into the palace.
After heavily closing the palace door, Chen Ping began to quickly replenish his spiritual energy!
Just after Chen Ping and Xiao Ru entered the palace, outside the gates of the City of Ultimate Bliss, Zhu Zhishan and the others had already arrived.
Looking up at the majestic city gates, everyone was stunned, even Long Xiao’s eyes were wide open.
“It’s incredible, I never thought there would be a city under this Dragon Locking Island.”
“Looking at this city gate building, I’m afraid it’s thousands of years old, right?”
Everyone was in awe.
And Zhu Zhishan tilted his head and looked at the three words on the city gate, frowning slightly as he seemed to be pondering the information about this city in his mind!
But no matter how much Zhu Zhishan thought, he couldn’t think of any information related to the City of Ultimate Bliss!
Even in the documentary records of the Martial Alliance, this city had never been mentioned.