“I can’t ah, I can only absorb the spiritual energy of all things, I can’t absorb other people’s spiritual energy ……”
Wu Mei’er shook her head.
Chen Ping was astonished, then looked at Long Wu, “Uncle Long, you can’t either?”
Long Wu also shook his head.
This time, Chen Ping froze himself and said somewhat incredulously, “Apart from being able to absorb spiritual qi, no matter if it is Yin qi, cold qi, or even poisonous qi, it can all be absorbed and refined and taken in for my own use ……”
“What? You …… aren’t you equal to being able to refine anything?”
Wu Mei’er immediately shrieked in shock.
However, Long Wu was calm: “Chen Ping, this is what makes you unique, because only you can cultivate this Heart Condensation Skill, you must not fail this set of heart techniques ……”
After Long Wu finished speaking, he turned around and left, Wu Mei Er wanted to continue asking Chen Ping something, but when she saw Long Wu leave, she hurriedly chased after him as well.
Chen Ping looked at the Marrow Cleansing Pill in his hand and was thinking about what Long Wu had said, he wanted to know even more what he really was and why he was the only one who could cultivate the Heart Condensation Technique.
Looking at the bright moon outside, the 15th of July was getting closer and closer, Chen Ping had never been so eager for a day, no matter if that day was an opportunity or a danger, Chen Ping would be righteous because he wanted to know the truth too much.
After getting dressed, Chen Ping walked outside the villa and looked at the neon lights of Hongcheng below the mountain. Although it was already late at night, the streets were still full of vehicles, but Chen Ping knew that sooner or later he would be further and further away from the bustling city.
But as Chen Ping was standing on the top of the hill looking at the bustling city below, two figures were coming towards Chen Ping at a fast pace, and when they were still a hundred metres or so away, Chen Ping had already noticed them, but he mistakenly thought that Long Wu had returned with Wu Mei Er.
But it was not until the two figures were only a dozen metres away from Chen Ping that he felt something different, because the scent of those two people was not at all that of Long Wu and Wu Mei Er. A dozen metres away, Chen Ping could smell the strong smell of Chinese medicine on the two people.
Chen Ping frowned and hurriedly turned around to look at the two men, and found that the two men who came were an old man and a young man, the old man was 60 or 70 years old, with a white beard, while the young man was only a little bit older than Chen Ping, both of them were dressed in grey cloth robes, and at the collar of the two men’s clothes, there was an embroidered design of an incense burner!
“Who are you people? Why did you barge in here in the middle of the night?”
Chen Ping looked at the two men warily, he could be sure that there was absolutely nothing good about the two men coming in front of his villa in the middle of the night.
The two men did not pay any attention to Chen Ping, but instead, they looked straight at the Marrow Cleansing Pill in Chen Ping’s hand.
“Grand Elder, your analysis is correct, it is indeed in this direction, look at the elixir in that kid’s hand, it is by no means a mortal product ……”
The young man said to the old man, with a bit of greed in his eyes.
The old man nodded, before taking his eyes off the Marrow Cleansing Pill and placing them on Chen Ping: “Young man, are you an alchemist? Did you refine the elixir you are holding?”
Chen Ping sized up the two people, it turned out that these two people were running after the Marrow Cleansing Pill, his heart burst with displeasure, this Marrow Cleansing Pill was prepared for Su Yuqi, how could Chen Ping let someone hit the Marrow Cleansing Pill.
“Isn’t it, what does it have to do with you, who are you people? Why did you barge into my place in the middle of the night?”
Chen Ping’s tone was cold as he questioned the old man.
“Kid, you dare to finish after the Grand Elder like that, are you tired of living ……”
When the young man heard Chen Ping’s tone, he became angry, and with one healthy step, he wanted to make a move against Chen Ping.
Only the young man was just about to make a move, but he was stopped by the old man.