“A bit…” Ling Xue nodded!
“I’ll rub it for you…” Chen Ping said, then placed his hand there, gently rubbing for Ling Xue.
Ling Xue originally wanted to refuse, but that sensation made her body tremble slightly. Her whole body felt very comfortable, so she slightly closed her eyes, slowly enjoying it!
She did not know when, but Chen Ping saw that his hand was wet, knowing the timing was ripe!
Accompanied by Ling Xue’s moan, Chen Ping thrust in.
The next morning, just as dawn was breaking, the square of the Sword Sect residence was already full of people.
Mo Chen, Li Chunfeng, Nan Batian stood at the forefront, behind them were dozens of Sword Sect disciples. Ling Xue stood beside Mo Chen, tightly clutching a package in her hand. Her eyes were full of reluctance, yet she forcibly held back tears.
Chen Ping and Hu Mazi stood in the centre of the square, having changed into clean clothes, carrying packs full of resources and healing medicine.
“Master,” Chen Ping cupped his hands in salute towards Mo Chen, his tone respectful. “This time heading to the Sixth Heaven, the return date is unknown. The matters of the Sword Sect, I will trouble Master to take more care.”
Mo Chen nodded, took out a jade bottle from his storage bag, handed it to Chen Ping. “This is ‘Condensing Spirit Pill’, a total of thirty pills. It can help you stabilise your mind in battle, resist evil qi. You are going to the Sixth Heaven, dangers lurk everywhere, be sure to take care.”
Chen Ping took the jade bottle, said solemnly. “Thank you, Master.”
“And you, Master Hu.” Mo Chen looked at Hu Mazi, handed over a storage bag. “Inside are some materials for talismans. You are skilled in talisman arts, these materials might help you.”
Hu Mazi took the storage bag, grinned. “Thank you, Brother Mo Chen! When I find the clan’s divine souls, I will definitely come back to drink a few cups with you!”
At this moment, Li Chunfeng stepped forward, holding a yellowish map in his hand, handed it to Chen Ping. “Mr. Chen, the Sixth Heaven is not like the Fifth Heaven, the forces are intricate and complex. The God Palace Sixth Hall has deep roots in the Sixth Heaven. When you arrive in the Sixth Heaven, you can first go to Thunder Sound Temple to find Daoist Wuji.”
“Since you have a connection with Daoist Wuji, I think he will definitely help you…”
“Moreover, in the Sixth Heaven, there is also a Divine Kingdom, full of divine clan cultivators. The God Palace’s Sixth Hall is also a divine clan force. If Mr. Chen deals with the God Palace’s Sixth Hall, I do not know if this Divine Kingdom will intervene.”
“Divine Kingdom?” Chen Ping’s face was full of confusion!
“I have only heard of it. After the Sixth Heaven, divine clan cultivators start to become more numerous, so you must be cautious.” Li Chunfeng said!
“I understand!”
Chen Ping nodded, then took the map. It marked some force distributions in the Sixth Heaven.
“Mr. Chen, I once promised you to serve you for three hundred years. When you go to the Sixth Heaven, I originally should follow you.”
“But…………”
Nan Batian held Xiao Cui’s hand, his eyes full of reluctance. “But Xiao Cui is pregnant, I am afraid I cannot wander the world with you.”
“You are really awesome, getting pregnant so quickly.” Chen Ping was somewhat surprised.
You know, cultivators are different from ordinary people. Ordinary people might get pregnant after sleeping together once, but cultivators are defying heaven and changing fate. Their body functions have changed. Although they can live for many years, having offspring is difficult.
This is also why some cultivators have dual cultivation partners everywhere, but no children.
It is not that they do not want them, but their body functions do not allow it.
Nan Batian and Xiao Cui had only been together for a short time, yet Xiao Cui was actually pregnant.
“I do not know how it happened, anyway, she got pregnant…” Nan Batian grinned.
“Congratulations to you. When the child is born, I want to come drink the celebratory wine!” Chen Ping smiled faintly.
“Mr. Chen, speaking of it, it is thanks to you. If not for you eliminating the evil cultivation technique in my body, I could not have gotten pregnant.”
“I have a token here. In the Sixth Heaven, there are also information buildings. If Mr. Chen wants to get some information, you can take my token there. As long as they know, they will definitely tell you.”
Xiao Cui handed a very exquisite token to Chen Ping!
“Thank you, Miss Xiao Cui!” Chen Ping took the token and said.
“Alright, everything that should be said is almost done.”
“Although the road ahead is dangerous, I believe you will definitely return safely.” Mo Chen spoke.