“Brother Chen Ping doesn’t look for women, he’s afraid of women looking for him, I see that this Ge Jiayi is not looking at Brother Chen Ping right ……”
Xiao Ru pouted her lips and said.
“Don’t guess blindly, Chen Ping is a dragon among men, even if there are a few more women, it’s only right, I won’t mind ……”
Gu Ling’er said with a smile, looking like she really didn’t care!
Seeing Gu Ling’er say this, the two of them, Xiao Ru and Zhao Beng, were also speechless ……
On the martial arts arena, Chen Ping followed Long Xiao and stood opposite each other!
The auras of both of them were climbing, their eyes were filled with fighting spirit and killing intent!
“Chen Ping, today will be a battle of life and death for us, I will never be giving you a chance to live ……”
Long Xiao said with a confident face.
“Are you that sure that you can beat me?”
Chen Ping asked indifferently.
“Hahahaha, you are only a peak Martial Marquis, how would you be a match for my Grand Marquis, haven’t you seen that even that newly promoted Grand Marquis, Ning Zhi, was beaten by me and fled?”
“You’re a peak Martial Marquis and you dare to stand out, I don’t know if I should admire your courage.”
Long Xiao said with a big smile.
“Is that so?” Chen Ping let out a cold snort, “I only need the strength of a peak Martial Marquis to beat you, you forget that I can always fight across levels, you couldn’t beat me before, and it’s the same now!”
“You will always be a waste in my eyes, a waste that even relies on the soul spirit for cultivation!”
“Without your soul spirit, you’re no better than an ant, any one of the people here can kill you!”
Chen Ping’s words Avray stung Long Xiao.
“Chen Ping, you seek death, you are seeking death ……”
Long Xiao roared as his aura began to explode, a black, heavenly hand formed in mid-air, and then ruthlessly slapped towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s eyes stared, followed by a blinding golden light flashing above his fist, before he swung his fist out.
A pillar of light rushed into the sky and smashed fiercely on top of that heavenly hand.
Boom!
After a loud sound, that heavenly hand, which had condensed, shattered under Chen Ping’s blow, turning into a sky of black mist and dissipating!
Long Xiao frowned, his face taking on a slightly ugly expression!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was motionless, his eyes filled with a cold aura!
With just the first exchange of blows, Long Xiao could feel that although Chen Ping was only at the peak of Martial Marquis, his strength was not inferior to that Ning Zhi!
As Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping’s bland appearance, anger blazed in his eyes.
His fists were clenched tightly, and the aura of a Great Martial Marquis was exploding from his body!
A stream of qi was driving straight at Chen Ping, enveloping him in it!
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted as a golden light radiated from his body, and under the golden light, the enveloping aura instantly disappeared!
“You are a peak Martial Martial Marquis, and you have displayed a strength that is comparable to that of a newly promoted Grand Martial Marquis, it seems that you are indeed very talented.”
“It’s just a pity that you’ve met me today, although I’m also newly promoted to the Great Martial Marquis realm, but I’m the first person to suffer a lightning tribulation at Great Marquis, and I’ve carried it off.”
“My current strength is comparable to that of a Third Grade Grand Martial Marquis, so you don’t have a single chance of winning if you fight me ……”
Long Xiao narrowed his eyes and said in an icy voice.
“Is that so? How do you know that I have no chance of winning if you don’t try?”
“Although your strength is comparable to that of a Third Grade Great Martial Marquis, it’s just a pity that you are missing an arm, that’s your shortcoming ……”
Chen Ping smiled coldly, with a bit of playfulness in his eyes!
These words completely infuriated Long Xiao, his arm was cut off by Chen Ping, how dare Chen Ping even mention it!
“Chen Ping, don’t think you’re great, don’t forget that your current mother, including your girlfriend, is in my hands, you can’t even protect the people closest to you, what big words are you talking to me here?”
Long Xiao glared at Chen Ping, his face full of provocation!