“Mr Mu, you have to win, I’m betting my entire fortune on you!”
“Mr Mu is invincible, go for it!”
“Mr Mu will win ……”
Many of the spectators had bought Mu Qing to win, so they all shouted excitedly!
Mu Qing felt the cries of the people around him, and strutted up to the ring, then waved his hand after the people around him!
Looking at Mu Qing’s face, it was obvious that he had absolute confidence!
Just as the crowd was cheering, from the other side of the ring, dozens of people came in great numbers!
Only these people were all female cultivators, each one as beautiful as the heavens, carrying a transcendent aura!
These female cultivators were all the Holy Maidens of the Guanghan Palace, and the appearance of the Holy Maidens instantly attracted the attention of many people!
And in front of these Holy Maidens was Chen Ping, who was dressed in cloth and looked very plain.
The Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace was by Chen Ping’s side, and together they came towards the ring!
On the body of the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace, he carried a majesty from the inside that was not angry!
The crowd automatically flashed a path!
“Mr Chen will win, you will definitely be able to win ……”
After Chen Ping walked under the ring, a cry suddenly emerged from the crowd!
Without having to look, one could tell by the sound alone that it was Shen Ji Zi!
Shen Ji Zi had also put his entire fortune on Chen Ping, when he hoped that Chen Ping would be able to win!
Seeing that there was only one person shouting and cheering for Chen Ping, Mu Qing in the ring was filled with a cold smile!
“I thought you wouldn’t dare to come, but I didn’t expect you to really come!”
Mu Qing looked at Chen Ping and said with an icy voice!
“Why wouldn’t I dare, to beat the likes of you, I can do it with one hand, I was afraid that you wouldn’t dare to come!”
Chen Ping said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised!
“You don’t need to deliberately provoke me so that I can lose my mind, don’t f*cking bullsh*t, feel up on the stage, when I kill you, I have other things to do.”
Mu Qing beckoned towards Chen Ping and said!
“Since you want to die so badly, then I will fulfil you!”
Chen Ping’s body slightly indulged, directly reaching the top of the ring!
“It’s him?”Tan Rongkun couldn’t help but be stunned after seeing Chen Ping!
“Fellow Daoist Tan knows this Chen Ping?”
Chief Administrator Liu, who was on the side, asked!
“I’ve seen this brat in the gambling house of the Wantong Pavilion, and at that time, big words were blown all over the place, but it turns out that he is Chen Ping.”
“A mere seventh rank of the Transition Realm, still wanting to defeat Mu Qing, is simply a fool’s dream!”
A cold smile surfaced at the corner of Tan Rongkun’s mouth!
He could now rest assured that Mu Qing was absolutely bound to win!
“Fellow Daoist Tan, it’s better not to underestimate this Chen Ping, this fellow’s rate of improvement is very fast, and he also has the ability to fight beyond his level.”
“I’d better inform the young master to be careful, I’m afraid that this Chen Ping now has a strength of no less than the first rank of the Mahayana realm!”
Chief Steward Liu had sensed it immediately after seeing Chen Ping on the stage!
At that time, that Chen Ping was only a mere fourth rank of the Transition Realm, yet he was able to follow Mu Qing and fight back and forth.
Although he wasn’t lower than Mu Qing, he wasn’t much worse!
Now Chen Ping in just one month, had actually risen to the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, I’m afraid that his strength wouldn’t be lower than the first rank of the Mahayana Realm!
“Butler Liu, you are too cautious, aren’t you? A mere seventh rank of the Ferrying Realm being able to defeat a first rank of the Mahayana Realm cultivator, why don’t I believe it!”
Tan Rongkun said as he gave Chief Steward Liu a disdainful look!
Chief Steward Liu did not pay any attention to him, after all, no one would believe it without having seen it with their own eyes!
“Young Master, this Chen Ping has actually elevated to the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, you need to be more careful!”
Utilising the Voice Transmission Technique, Chief Liu urged Mu Qing!
“Don’t worry, I will definitely let him die above this ring today!”
Mu Qing responded, a flash of ruthlessness emerging from the depths of his eyes!
At this time, Wan Tong Pavilion’s Pavilion Master Qian also ascended the ring, South End City, as a small foothill city at the southernmost tip of the Southern Domain, did not have a city lord!