Seeing this, the huge Origin Mirage Beast went straight after Chen Ping, and Ji Meiyan became anxious when she saw Chen Ping being chased by that huge Origin Mirage Beast!
She did not want to become a widow just after dedicating herself to Chen Ping!
Only to see Ji Meiyan leap up with her sword and attack towards that huge Origin Illusion Beast, she intended to focus that Origin Illusion Beast’s attention on herself!
Ji Meiyan’s sword chopped at that Origin Illusionary Beast’s body, but it didn’t even hurt that Origin Illusionary Beast in the slightest!
Instead, it was she herself who was sent flying by that Origin Illusionary Beast’s tremendous recoil!
Immediately after that, the Origin Mirage Beast roared and slapped its palm towards Ji Meiyan!
Seeing this, Chen Ping, who had originally fled, arrived in an instant and pulled Ji Meiyan to run, narrowly avoiding the Origin Illusionary Beast’s strike!
“It’s too dangerous, what are you doing catching up?”
Chen Ping said to Ji Meiyan!
“I’m still not afraid that you are in danger, I don’t want to become a widow!”
Ji Meiyan said!
Hearing the word widow, Chen Ping instantly froze!
For Ji Meiyan, he was more just a man’s nature, after all, he didn’t know much and couldn’t talk about feelings!
But he did not expect Ji Meiyan to have such thoughts!
Didn’t they all say that women in the Celestial Realm were open and had no qualms about men and women?
“Froze what, quickly run ah ……”
Ji Meiyan pushed the frozen Chen Ping!
Chen Ping came back to his senses and pulled Ji Meiyan and ran towards the depths of the mountain pass!
Just as Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan passed by a mountain peak, they heard someone shouting for help!
Chen Ping fixed his eyes and found that it was actually that Qin Jingyu, at this moment, Qin Jingyu’s entire body was embedded inside the mountain, he simply could not get out!
“Don’t mind him, let’s go ……”
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan pulled Chen Ping and left, simply not caring about that Qin Jingyu!
Even if Ji Meiyan didn’t say anything, Chen Ping wouldn’t come to the rescue, he didn’t have any friendship with the Giant Savage Palace either, he wouldn’t care about this Qin Jingyu!
The huge Origin Mirage Beast was constantly chasing Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan from behind.
When the two fled to the deepest part of the mountain pass, they found that it was actually a dead end, a huge mountain peak blocked the way, and on top of the mountain peak, there was a cave!
Inside the cave, the Origin Breath was gushing outwards like a fountain, Chen Ping had opened the Origin Space and had also sensed several Origin Breaths, so he could truly feel the richness of that Origin Breath inside the cave!
“It seems that yes the thing in the mountain pass where the Origin Breath condensed into a Fantasy Beast should be right here!”
Chen Ping said and walked towards the cave!
Ji Meiyan did not understand what Chen Ping meant, but she also followed him in!
Seeing Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan walk into the cave, the huge Origin Illusion Beast became anxious and kept hissing as it also followed and chased into the cave!
This time, Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan were blocked inside the cave and could not get out!
Looking at the Origin Mirage Beasts chasing behind her, Ji Meiyan said, “What did you bring me into the cave for? Now that I’m blocked, I can’t even run away if I want to.”
“There must be a treasure within this cave, as long as we get this treasure, we will have a way to get rid of this Origin Illusion Beast.”
Chen Ping said to Ji Meiyan!
Ji Meiyan also did not understand what Chen Ping was talking about, but it was all already like this, so she could only continue towards the depths of the cave!
Soon, the two arrived at the place where the huge Origin Illusion Beast was lying down!
This place was immense, Chen Ping and Ji Meiyan were as small as an ant here!
Moreover, the Origin Aura here was even more intense.
“This is the one here, the Origin Illusionary Beast from the mountain pass outside was formed here and then ran out.”
Chen Ping said!
“How did you know that?” Ji Meiyan looked at Chen Ping and asked!
After all, Chen Ping was not a member of the Ji Family, so how could he know so much about the Ji Family’s ancestral land!
“Guess!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Ji Meiyan couldn’t help but give Chen Ping a blank look, this was all blocked by the Origin Mirage Beast, and he was still in the mood to guess!