When Zhu Ling heard this, she hurriedly blocked in front of Chen Ping, “Father, you can’t hurt him, he’s Elder Yu’s disciple, if you dare to hurt him, I’ll ignore you forever.”
“Fine, fine, I won’t hurt him, you still said you weren’t moved, now you’re all starting to ignore you as an old father for his sake.”
“I’m just talking to him, I won’t make a move, I can’t hand over my daughter to someone I know nothing about.”
The old Sect Master said helplessly!
“Senior sister, you go out, I believe the old sect master won’t do anything to me, I’ll have a good chat with the old sect master!”
Chen Ping gently patted Zhu Ling’s shoulder and said!
When Zhu Ling saw Chen Ping say this, she nodded and walked out!
Zhu Ling had just walked out of the main hall when the old Sect Master’s face instantly turned grim and cold, no longer the amiable look he had just had!
When Chen Ping saw the old Sect Master’s sudden change of face, he could not help but feel a tremor in his heart!
“Kid, who exactly are you? Why are you approaching my daughter?”
The old Sect Master asked with an icy voice!
“Old Sect Master, I’m Elder Yu’s disciple, now I’m an inner disciple of the Purple Flame Sect ah, my name is Cheng Ping, I didn’t intentionally approach Senior Sister.”
Chen Ping said with a feigned innocent face!
“Hmph, Elder Yu’s disciple, how could Elder Yu have recruited a disciple like you who casually breaks killing formations.”
“Your ability, I’m afraid it’s not below that Elder Yu, how much did you pay Elder Yu? What exactly is the reason for coming to our Purple Flame Sect?”
The old Sect Master directly nailed Chen Ping!
Just now, although Chen Ping had concealed the power of the killing formation from Zhu Ling and reduced it, he had not concealed it from the old Sect Master!
Chen Ping also did not expect that the old Sect Master would be able to perceive everything!
“Old Sect Master, I don’t have any ill intentions, nor do I want to do anything to Senior Sister Zhu Ling, the reason why I joined the Purple Flame Sect is because I want to follow the Old Sect Master to ask for advice on the method of the Supreme Flame Fusion.”
Chen Ping said truthfully!
“Supreme Fire Fusion?”
The old Sect Master sized up Chen Ping, “I do know how to Supreme Flame Fusion, but do you think I would tell you? I still don’t know anything about your identity!”
“Although I entered the Purple Flame Sect by special means, I have not deceived the old Sect Master otherwise, my name is Cheng Ping, a casual cultivator only!”
Chen Ping said!
Chen Ping did not want to reveal his true identity, after all, his identity was too shocking and would lead to a lot of unnecessary trouble!
“You go out, since you can’t be honest, why should I teach you.”
The old Sect Master waved his hand, allowing Chen Ping to leave!
“Old Sect Master, why is this?”Chen Ping frowned!
“You hide your aura and change your appearance, yet you say that your identity is real, do you take me for a three year old child to lie?”
“Since you have no sincerity, why should I teach you.”
The old Sect Master said with a cold snort!
When Chen Ping heard this, his head suddenly turned big, he did not expect this old Sect Master to be so finely observed that he could tell that he was hiding it!
Chen Ping knew that if he could not reveal his true identity, he was afraid that the old Sect Master would definitely not spit out his words to teach himself!
Chen Ping had no choice but to gently shake his body and return to his original appearance!
“Old Sect Master, the reason why I have to deceive you is also because I have no choice, my original name is Chen Ping, only because I have offended too many people, so I had to change my appearance and breath to hide my identity.”
Chen Ping said helplessly!
“Chen Ping? That person who was hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings?”
There was surprise in the old Sect Master’s expression!
“You know me?”Chen Ping did not expect that the old Sect Master, who was imprisoned here, would know about himself!
“Hahaha, I’m afraid there aren’t many people in the entire Celestial Realm who don’t know your great name.”
“A mere fourth rank of the Transition Realm, to be hunted down by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred year’s worth of offerings, is also truly not simple.”
“In that case, it seems that you really should hide your identity, or else many people will not be able to bear the temptation of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred-year offerings and kill you.”
The old Sect Master laughed out loud!