“Get lost!”
Ling Xue used her last bit of strength to push Qin Feng away, but her wrist was grabbed by the opponent.
That scorching touch came, making her body tremble uncontrollably.
“Hahaha, it seems the drug has taken effect.”
Qin Feng laughed even more triumphantly. “Do not worry, I will take good care of you…”
Just as he was about to embrace Ling Xue, a golden sword light struck like a thunderbolt from the nine heavens!
“Puchi!”
Blood splattered; Qin Feng’s arm was actually severed cleanly!
“Ah…!”
A shrill scream echoed through the clouds; Qin Feng looked incredulously at his empty shoulder, blood gushing like a fountain.
Chen Ping stood behind him, his clothes stained with blood, his eyes like a shura from the nine nether hells.
That sword just now had almost exhausted all his strength, but the killing intent in his eyes was more intense than ever.
“I said, anyone who touches her dies.”
Qin Feng trembled in pain all over; looking at the arm fallen on the ground, his eyes were filled with fear and resentment: “Chen Ping! I will kill you!”
He endured the severe pain; with his other hand gripping the long sword, the cold ice sword qi erupted wildly. The entire courtyard was enveloped in a layer of ice.
But at this moment, Chen Ping had already disregarded life and death.
He ignored the incoming cold air, walking step by step towards Qin Feng. Every step down left a scorched footprint on the ground; that was the sign of the supreme fire in Chen Ping’s body going out of control.
“Do you think I am still the me from three days ago?”
Qin Feng looked deranged; he displayed the Cold Ice Sword Technique to the extreme. Countless ice arrows shot towards Chen Ping like a storm.
“My father has already passed the ‘Cold Jade Art’ to me; today I will definitely tear you to pieces!”
Chen Ping did not dodge or evade; the Dragon-Slaying Sword drew a red and blue interwoven barrier in front of him.
The barrier composed of various supreme fires fused together was immensely powerful.
The ice arrows hit the barrier and were instantly melted into water vapour.
“Impossible!”
Qin Feng screamed in shock; his Cold Jade Art was an ultimate technique that could freeze the spiritual power of Earth Immortal Realm cultivators. How could it be ineffective against Chen Ping?
The answer was actually very simple; the fire element origin in Chen Ping’s body contained the power of supreme yang and supreme firmness. When the cold ice power encountered it, it was like ice and snow meeting the scorching sun, naturally unable to withstand a single blow.
“Die!”
Chen Ping let out a low shout; his figure instantly appeared in front of Qin Feng. The Dragon-Slaying Sword slashed upwards from below.
“Puchi!”
With another crisp sound, Qin Feng’s other arm was also severed.
“No…!”
A desperate scream echoed through the Sword Sect’s residence; Qin Feng looked at his bare shoulders and finally felt fear deep into his bones.
He wanted to escape, but found his legs had long gone weak with fear. He could only watch helplessly as Chen Ping’s sword approached his throat bit by bit.
“Chen Ping, spare his life!”
At that moment, Mo Chen’s voice suddenly rang out. “Killing him will only provoke a more frenzied revenge from Qin Lie.”
Chen Ping’s eyes were ice-cold: “Master, he insulted my Sword Sect; this enmity is irreconcilable!”
“I know you are angry, but now is not the time.” Mo Chen said in a low voice. “Qin Lie has already allied with more than a dozen sects and is just waiting for an excuse to attack our Sword Sect. Killing Qin Feng would be tantamount to giving them a handle.”
As the sect master of the Sword Sect, Mo Chen had to be responsible for the many disciples of the Sword Sect. For a moment of satisfaction, bringing annihilation to the Sword Sect would not be worth it!
Chen Ping gripped the Dragon-Slaying Sword tightly; his knuckles turned white from the force.
He looked at Ling Xue lying unconscious on the ground, her body hot all over, then at Qin Feng’s face full of resentment. The killing intent in his heart grew wildly like weeds.
“Leave it to me to handle.” Mo Chen sighed lightly and waved his hand to send out a sword qi, knocking Qin Feng unconscious. “I will abolish his cultivation and make him wish he were dead.”
After saying that, he signalled the disciples to carry Qin Feng away. He then walked to Ling Xue’s side and frowned: “This Aphrodisiac Powder is extremely overbearing. If not detoxified in time, it may damage her foundation.”