Inside the Shadowless Villa!
There were corpses and blood everywhere, and the smell of blood spread out for hundreds of metres!
Two teams of men from the Xuan Yuan Family and the Thunderbolt Sect had surrounded the Shadowless Villa to the hilt.
At this moment, there were only a mere dozen people left around Zhao Liguo and Zhao Beng, and the huge Shadowless Villa was about to be destroyed.
“Zhao Liguo, you and I have known each other for decades, it’s just a pity that you followed the wrong person, you are the sole owner of the Shadowless Villa, but you followed that brat Chen Ping, don’t blame us today!”
Xuan Yuan Yan said as he held his long sword and looked angrily at Zhao Liguo.
Xuan Yuan Yan was furious after knowing that his son had been killed by Chen Ping and died tragically in the ancient tomb, but Chen Ping was in the Dharma Protector Pavilion, and their Xuan Yuan family did not dare to openly go to the Dharma Protector Pavilion to get him, not to mention that Chen Ping had Mr. Shi behind him.
However, the revenge for the murder of his son could not go unanswered, so Xuanyuan Yan approached the Martial Arts Alliance and tried to get Zhu Zhishan to take charge!
Also thinking the same thing was the Thunderbolt Sect’s Sect Master Cheng Zhichang. His only son, Cheng Kun, had been killed by Chen Ping, and Cheng Zhichang had found the Martial Arts Alliance in the first place, and now they both wanted to get a statement.
Zhu Zhishan, an old fox, after first pacifying the two families, approached Chen Ping to ask for the 90,000-mile mountain and river map, only to have Chen Ping flatly reject it, and then directly encouraged the two families to make a move against Shadowless Mountain Villa.
Zhu Zhi Shan knew that Chen Ping would never sit idly by and do nothing when the Shadowless Villa was in trouble, and these sects and families in Kyoto were all under Zhu Zhi Shan’s control.
“Xuan Yuan Yan, you don’t need to talk nonsense, if you want to kill me, feel free to come, I’m afraid of you!”
Zhao Liguo’s eyes were vertical, not afraid at all!
“Zhao Liguo, if you are not afraid of death, is your son not afraid too? Now you just need to call that Chen Ping and coax him to come here, we can spare your lives ……”
Cheng Zhichang’s face was grim as he said, “What we want to kill is only that Chen Ping, we don’t want your father and son’s lives!”
“You don’t think so, I am not going to call, and even if you trick Chen into coming, you guys are in no way a match ……”
Zhao Liguo had absolute confidence in Chen Ping’s strength.
“Humph, with the strength of my two families, we still can’t kill a Chen Ping, you think too highly of Chen Ping ……”
Cheng Zhichang snorted coldly.
Right now, neither Cheng Zhichang nor Xuanyuan Yan had killed Zhao Liguo, in order to wait for Chen Ping to arrive, who they wanted to kill.
Even though Mr. Shi had said so in advance, they didn’t care anymore, if they didn’t take revenge for killing their son, how could their two families still mix in Kyoto and in the martial arts world?
What’s more, they had the Martial Arts Union behind them, and Zhu Zhi Shan had promised them that he would help the two families block Mr Shi’s anger and intercede for them both.
“It’s not that I think too highly of Mr. Chen, it’s that you bunch of losers are too incompetent ……”
Zhao Liguo said with his eyes slightly narrowed.
“D*mn it, say another word ……”
Cheng Zhichang burst out in anger and the atmosphere at the scene became even more tense.
Only to see Cheng Zhichang’s qi bursting out all over his body, a strong aura, coalescing on his palm.
“I’ll kill you first, so you can see who is really a waste ……”
Cheng Zhichang shouted angrily, before slapping his palm towards Zhao Liguo.
Xuan Yuan Yan on the side tried to block it, but he didn’t stop it at all.
“Come on ……”
Although Zhao Liguo was injured at the moment, he was not the least bit afraid and met him with a palm.
Boom!
The air around him became distorted with a huge clash!
In that instant, Zhao Liguo’s figure flew straight backwards, and a mouthful of blood gushed out!
Zhao Liguo’s strength was originally stronger than Cheng Zhichang’s, but Zhao Liguo was now seriously injured and his energy was nearly depleted, so he could not resist Cheng Zhichang’s slap!
“Dad ……” Zhao Beng rushed forward to help Zhao Liguo up, and then looked at Cheng Zhichang with eyes full of anger!