So there are also people who buy Chen Ping to win, only that those who buy Chen Ping to win are still in the minority compared to the Wudao Alliance, which proves that these people do not have very high expectations of Chen Ping’s strength.
…………
Inside the Wudao Alliance!
Seven black and silver robes gathered together, watching Chen Ping advertise this matter with great fanfare, they felt that Chen Ping must have some sort of conspiracy!
“Big brother, this Chen Ping dares to provoke our Martial Dao Alliance with such fanfare, could there be a fraud?”
Lao San asked.
“I don’t feel right either, he’s only a Grand Martial Marquis by himself, how dare he challenge the seven of us? Not to mention that we still have two Martial Saint Artifacts in our hands, that Chen Ping is obviously a sure loser.”
“What exactly is his purpose in doing this man? There can’t be a fraud, can there?”
Old Five also felt that Chen Ping was up to something!
“Fraud or not, since that Chen Ping has publicised this matter, our Martial Alliance must take it.”
“There’s also the fact that the Demon Envoy has only given us three days, we must capture that Chen Ping.”
“And in front of absolute strength, all schemes are futile.”
The Boss had a cold look in his eyes.
“Big brother, I have a note , no matter what schemes that Chen Ping has, we can make him mess up.”
At that moment, the second one spoke up.
“What kind of scheme?”
The Boss asked with interest as soon as he heard this.
Then Lao Er spoke in detail in the boss’s ear.
After hearing this, the corners of the boss’s mouth lifted, “Just do it, you go ahead and do this ……”
Lao Er nodded, and then left!
Soon, Lao Er walked into the dungeon and arrived at the place where Su Yuqi was being held!
Looking at Su Yuqi in front of him, Lao Er had a few cold smiles on his face.
Su Yuqi looked at the guy in front of her and frowned slightly because she sensed danger from this guy!
Don’t look at the fact that Su Yuqi had been locked up here for so long, but she hadn’t suffered any abuse or beatings!
After all, Su Yuqi’s blood was a superior cultivation resource, so without great power, who would dare to make a move on Su Yuqi!
But now, that old man’s gaze towards Su Yuqi contained a strong cold intent!
When he opened the cell door, he tied Su Yuqi’s hands and feet with chains!
This time, Su Yuqi panicked a little!
Su Yuqi’s eyes stared angrily at the old man, if he dared to violate her, Su Yuqi had long thought that she would rather bite her tongue and kill herself than to do wrong to Chen Ping.
But instead of doing anything to Su Yuqi, that old man took out a leather whip made of tiger tendons and began to whip Su Yuqi’s body!
The intense pain made Su Yuqi clench her teeth to death!
Looking at Su Yuqi like that, Lao Er took out his mobile phone and actually filmed it!
On it was a clear record of Su Yuqi being beaten and covered in bruises.
Only after Lao Er was tired of the beating did he release Su Yuqi, and then left satisfied!
Walking out of the dungeon, Lao Er posted the video he had just recorded directly to the martial arts forum!
Very quickly, the video caused a buzz, with many people scolding the Wudao Alliance for being too domineering and beating up even women!
But there were even more people scolding Chen Ping, all of them scolding him for being a scumbag who had no regard for his girlfriend’s life.
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
Long Xingxu walked up to Chen Ping’s room, seeming to have something to say.
“What’s wrong?”
Chen Ping asked.
Long Xingxu lowered his head, not knowing how to follow Chen Ping.
Chen Ping frowned: “If you have something to say, say it, if you have nothing to say, then get lost ……”
“Don’t forget that you are now the Vice Sect Leader of the Dragon Sect, thousands of people follow you, don’t be a grinder if you have something to say.”
Seeing that Chen Ping was angry, Long Xingxu then hurriedly handed his phone up and said, “Brother Chen Ping, take a look at the video on it, it was just sent up by the Martial Arts Alliance.”