Chen Ping thought about it and was right, if it was himself, he would not choose to join the Guardian Pavilion, because joining the Guardian Pavilion, there are too many rules, not too free, and those experts can be above their eyes, how can they let people control them.
“I also don’t know what strengths are in the competition this time, I’m afraid …………”
“Mr. Chen don’t worry, with your current strength, there will be no problem, I believe in you ……”
Zhao Wuji was full of confidence in Chen Ping and was a great admirer.
Chen Ping smiled awkwardly, then asked, “Pavilion Master Zhao, just now in the car, what did you mean by those words?”
Zhao Wuji smiled, “Mr. Chen, you promised me something, you won’t go back on it, right?”
“Of course I won’t, a man of honor, a promise is a promise ……,” Chen Ping nodded his head.
“That’s good, Mr. Chen promised to help me fight, but to fight, you have to be in the identity of the Protector Pavilion, so Mr. Chen has to join our Protector Pavilion, and by the way, also help me train the guys under my hand ……”
Zhao Wuji looked at Chen Ping with a bad smile on his face.
“Join the Dharma Protection Court?” Chen Ping was stunned and hurriedly waved his hand, “That won’t do, I still have a lot of things to do, I don’t have time to stay in the Protector Pavilion to train your soldiers ……”
“Mr. Chen, you just need to join our Dharma Protector Pavilion, you don’t need to stay here all the time, and you don’t have to abide by any rules, there will be no effect on your freedom, plus joining our Dharma Protector Pavilion has a heavenly advantage for Mr. Chen.
”
Zhao Wuji said here and bought a shut up, suddenly stopping to watch Chen Ping’s reaction.
“What benefit?”
Chen Ping was indeed attracted by this benefit from Zhao Wuji as well.
“Mr. Chen should know that many people are now looking for you, and there are even many people who want to kill you, but if you join the Dharma Protector Pavilion, no matter what kind of people they are, they will not dare to kill you in plain sight, although our Dharma Protector Pavilion is looked down upon by those clans and families, but after all, it is an official department, who would they dare to openly go against the official family?”
Zhao Wuji whispered to Chen Ping.
After hearing this, Chen Ping frowned slightly, although what Zhao Wuji said was reasonable, but for him to join the Dharma Protection Court, Chen Ping was not mentally prepared.
Seeing that Chen Ping did not say anything, Zhao Wuji continued, “Mr. Chen, if you join the Law Protecting Pavilion and command it, I can also help introduce you to the Martial Arts a*sociation in Kyoto, as long as the Kyoto Martial Arts a*sociation gives the word to protect you, I am afraid that no one will dare to target you ……”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth moved slightly, he was indeed moved by Zhao Wuji’s words, now although his own strength was growing by leaps and bounds, but when he really had to face the big clans and world families, Chen Ping alone seemed a bit overwhelmed.
Moreover, if he wanted to save his mother from the Long family, or even destroy the Long family, he would have to rely on his own force alone, so Chen Ping also needed his own power.
Now, although Chen Ping has the thirteen halls of the Heavenly Dragon Hall, he has only found three of them today, and it is a mystery when the others will be found.
There is also the Pill God Valley. Although the several elders of the Pill God Valley are powerful, most of them are not very high in force, and the Pill God Valley is more focused on pill making.
And now Zhao Wuji has offered to let Chen Ping join the Guardian Pavilion, and after joining he is not bound by the rules and has many benefits. Right now Chen Ping’s biggest difficulty is that he is under the attention of too many people, of whom there are certainly many who want to kill him.
Chen Ping did not want to die a tragic death on the street before his mother could be saved.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, I promise you, but what exactly do I need to do?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Mr. Chen, you just need to train the guys from the Protector Pavilion, in the Kyoto Protector Pavilion, you can mobilize anyone at any time except me, to make these guys improve their strength as soon as possible, you can’t have Mr. Chen appear in every international competition ……”
Zhao Wuji said.