“Just a show of hands, no need to thank ……”
Chen Ping said casually!
It was as if beheading that Qi Heng was as simple as crushing an ant to him!
“Mr Chen, my father is seriously injured, I wonder if you can help heal him?”
Zhu Qingyue asked!
She knew that Chen Ping was also a pharmacist and knew the art of healing!
Chen Ping just glanced at him and then nodded, “Although he is seriously injured, it is not fatal, no problem!”
Upon hearing this, Zhu Qing Yue was overjoyed and ordered people to clean up the scene!
Then Zhu Qing Yue brought Chen Ping and also Zhu Yuan Ji towards the backyard!
Zhu Qingxiu was still in the backyard, she had been waiting anxiously inside, wondering what was going on outside!
When she saw Chen Ping following Zhu Qingyue and assisting her father as he walked in, her inner worries instantly disappeared!
She had followed Chen Ping through life and death, of course she knew Chen Ping’s ability!
As long as Chen Ping came, then Qi Jia Town would not be enough to worry about!
“Miss A Zhu, when I am healing your father, I hope that no one will disturb me, the other thing is that there are some resources that you need to get together from your Zhu Family Town in order to do so.”
Chen Ping said to Zhu Qing Yue!
Although Chen Ping himself had quite a few resources, but following Ning Zhi in a vicious battle, almost all of them were going to be consumed, that Demon Subduing Array was a huge drain!
In addition Chen Ping’s own body consumption was also not small, it needed to be replenished slowly to be able to do so!
But if there were no resources, what to replenish!
Since he had done Zhu Jia Town a favour this time, it was only right to let Zhu Jia Town contribute some resources!
Chen Ping wasn’t a Bodhisattva, he couldn’t help for nothing!
“Don’t worry Mr Chen, I will gather all the resources of the Zhu Family Town for Mr Chen to use!”
After Zhu Qingyue finished speaking, she immediately went to collect the resources!
While Chen Ping looked towards Zhu Qingxiu, he took out that Ten Thousand Swords Sect Jade Brief Secret Manual and returned it to Zhu Qingxiu!
“Miss Zhu, many thanks for the Jade Brief Secrets ……”
Chen Ping knew that if it wasn’t for this Jade Brief Secrets, he wouldn’t have been able to refine a superb sword art like the Ten Thousand Swords Sect!
Zhu Qingxiu received the jade brief secret manual and asked, “Mr Chen, how are those demonic cultivators doing?”
“Most of them were killed by me, only one escaped, it won’t become much of a climate.”
“Your body has also suffered a lot from this big battle, you also need to rest and recuperate for a while, so don’t run around.”
Chen Ping said to Zhu Qingxiu!
“Good!”Zhu Qingxiu nodded, but there were a few hesitations in her eyes!
“What’s wrong with you? Is there something you want to say?”
Chen Ping saw that look in Zhu Qingxiu’s eyes, so he opened his mouth and asked!
“Mr Chen, I want to ask, can you heal my face?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked in a small voice!
Chen Ping nodded his head and said, “Let’s make it possible, only this face of yours has been around for too long, in order to restore it to its original state, you have to consume a lot of Immortal Herbs to do so, and one of them, the Divine Muscle Herb, is the most special and not very easy to find!”
Actually healing that burn on Zhu Qingxiu’s face wasn’t difficult, what was difficult was how to collect enough immortal grass!
It was impossible for Chen Ping to have a wide variety of immortal herbs in his hands to deal with all the ailments!
“Mr Chen, as long as it can be cured, as for finding that Divine Muscle Grass, I’ll figure it out ……”
Zhu Qingxiu said with great excitement!
As long as he had a cure, it would be fine, so that he would never have to live under a mask again!
Chen Ping started to heal Zhu Yuan Ji, while Zhu Qingxiu walked out of the room, she did not want to disturb Chen Ping from healing her father!
Moreover, she also wanted to go and enquire about where exactly in this Eastern Region there was an immortal herb like the Divine Muscle Grass!
Zhu Qingxiu’s face finally had a smile on it, after all, every girl loved beauty!
Zhu Qingxiu also thought about the time when she was able to return to that beautiful look!
Zhu Qingyue, on the other hand, had sent people to collect the resources of the entire Zhu family town, and as soon as the people of Zhu family town heard that it was for Zhu Yuanji’s cure, they were all very enthusiastic and took out all their resources!