“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong? Those bloodstones are treasures.”
Liu Rui asked Chen Ping in confusion.
“Those are not treasures, they are things that kill people, I can feel the killing intent inside!”
Chen Ping said to Liu Rui after he had run out of the tunnel.
Old Liu also nodded, “I feel it too, there is definitely danger inside those houses!”
Just then, Chen Ping heard screams from the houses on both sides of the tunnel!
Then people were running out of the houses!
And behind them, a horrible black shadow followed!
The blood-soaked stones emanated a chill, and the chill turned into a black, aggressive shadow!
This sudden turn of events sent everyone into a tizzy!
One of the black shadows instantly penetrated a man’s body, and he fell to his death without even having the time to scream!
A large number of black shadows poured out of the room, both from the Heavenly Thunder School and the Flying Star School, all of them were caught off guard by the sudden change of events.
“Oh no, this is a deadly formation, let’s get out of here ……”
The blood soaked stones were not treasures either.
The people started to run for their lives towards the way they came, they were all shocked by the sight before them!
But Tong Youzui’s eyes were fixed and his aura was soaring.
With a cry of anger, Tong You Cai’s fists came out in unison and instantly knocked a black shadow away.
But from the two sides of the house, more black shadows would rush out!
If the fight continues like this, Tong Youcai will be exhausted!
The people of the Heavenly Thunder Sect were protecting Tong Youcai, while the black shadows were not afraid of anything and kept on charging!
“It’s horrible ……”
Liu Rui looked at the scene in front of her and couldn’t help but be shocked!
“Let’s go, we can’t stay here for long either ……”
Although Chen Ping had escaped from the tunnel, it was obvious that they couldn’t stay in this silent hall for long!
But just as Chen Ping was about to lead Liu Rui to escape from the monument, a gust of wind blew through the door of the hall, and the heavy door closed, and the darkness spread from all around, enveloping the whole hall!
“Oh no, we can’t get out either ……”
Old Liu frowned when he saw this!
And at this moment, a black shadow began to appear in the dark air, surrounding Chen Ping and his men!
“It looks like we have to do it ……”
Chen Ping drew out his Dragon Cutting Sword, which was burning with spirit fire!
These black shadows are their own bodies, so they can’t be harmed by slashing alone, but the spirit fire is very effective against this sinister air!
Old Liu also made a magic move, and a ball of flame burned around him, swirling around him!
Liu Rui frowned, “These black shadows are too perverted, they can’t be beaten ……”
Liu Rui knocked out one of the black shadows with a punch, but soon the shadows gathered together again and attacked Liu Rui again!
Although Chen Ping had the spirit fire to knock out the black shadows, more of them appeared immediately!
Looking at the darkness filling the hall, Chen Ping felt helpless to do anything!
Even if he could refine the Yin Qi, he would not be able to absorb it all by himself in a matter of years!
By now, Tong Youcai and Leng Yun had both rushed out, but when they saw the whole hall filled with Yin Qi and countless black shadows stirring, they were all confused!
“D*mn it, if I had known, I would have brought more people with me.”
Leng Yun didn’t even care about his image now, he kept using his compa*s to fight the black shadows!