“It’s possible ……”
Zhen Yuandao nodded, since the inheritance had been obtained, it was also possible for the Pill Cauldron Mountain to collapse!
Chen Wenliang then looked at Su Tianshuo and the others who had also descended the mountain, and then whispered, “Gentlemen, there are some things I need to tell you, please follow me to a hidden place!”
Chen Wenliang was going to tell the truth about Su Tianshuo joining forces with the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect to deal with all the pill masters!
Whether Zhen Yuandao and the others believed it or not, he was always going to say it!
Seeing this, Zhen Yuandao and the others were full of doubts as they followed Chen Wenliang towards the hiding place!
And at this moment, Su Tianshuo looked at the collapsed Pill Cauldron Mountain with a frown on his face, “Damn, the Pill God’s inheritance hasn’t been obtained yet, nor have I obtained any treasures, and it collapsed, so damn bad luck.”
“President Su, that Diao family’s people, I didn’t see a single one, it won’t be all the Diao family members, they didn’t run out, right?”
Bao Longxing said!
It was only then that Su Tianshuo realised that Diao Changmin and all of the Diao family, really none of them had appeared!
Su Tianshuo’s face became ugly, his expression coldly said, “If one of the Diao family members is missing, then it’s not that they didn’t run out, but that they might have all been killed before the Pill Pot Mountain collapsed.”
“Killed? Who could have killed everyone in the Diao family?”
Bao Longxing was slightly stunned!
“We conspired thinking of killing others, is there no one who conspired to kill us?”
After Su Tianshuo finished speaking, his gaze went to Chen Wenliang and the others!
He didn’t know right now that Chen Wenliang already knew about their plans!
“Everyone, now that Pill Cauldron Mountain has collapsed, please leave Pill God Island quickly, I’ve already prepared a spirit boat.”
“The Zhentian Dharma Sect has suddenly attacked Pill God Island, my father has already gone to block it, please leave quickly, if you are late, it will be too late.”
Ouyang Wufeng rushed to the crowd of pill masters and said loudly!
“What? The Heaven-Smashing Dharma Sect is attacking Pill God Island?”
Many people were all baffled, they had no idea what was going on!
Su Tianshuo, on the other hand, had the corners of his mouth slightly raised, “I didn’t think that this Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect was quite credible, so they really attacked ahead of schedule.”
“President Su, then should we make a move as well?”
Bao Longxing asked!
“Wait and see what happens, don’t make a move for now, let’s see how these people react.”
“Now that the Pill Cauldron Mountain has collapsed, the Pill God Island has lost its significance, if we make a move now, what if the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect suddenly withdraws?”
“At that time, won’t we become a target and have no foothold in the Celestial Realm.”
Su Tianshuo analysed!
With the collapse of the Pill Cauldron Mountain, the Pill God Island would be meaningless, and if the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect knew about the collapse of the Pill Cauldron Mountain, they definitely wouldn’t be going to great lengths over a deserted island!
If the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect withdrew, with just Su Tianshuo and these people, how could they possibly deal with all the pill masters in the Celestial Realm!
“President Su’s analysis is correct, we will now wait and see what happens.”
Bao Longxing nodded!
“Waiting and watching is only one thing, next we need to prompt these people to go forward and resist the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect.”
“Only then will the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect make a move against them, now that Pill God Island is no longer suitable as a battlefield.”
“We only need to incite these people to go forward to resist the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect, and then we’ll be able to snipe and fish.”
Su Tianshuo said with a smug expression!
“Yes, yes, yes, yes, let the Zhentian Dharma Sect fight with these people, and then we’ll clean up the mess, President Su’s method is really high.”
Bao Longxing patted his horse’s arse!
At this time, Chen Wenliang had already followed the Zhou and Zhen Families about Su Tianshuo’s plot, and when they learnt that Su Tianshuo had colluded with the Heavenly Zenith Dharma Sect, many of them were filled with righteous indignation!
Only that no one had made it clear at this time, they all pretended not to know!
“Mr Ouyang, we came to Pill God Island to start the Pill Masters’ Conference, and now that the Zhentian Dharma Sect has fought over, how can we run away.”
“A devilish cultivator like the Sky-Scalping Dharma Sect is punishable by everyone, and those of us who are also responsible for it must not let Pill God Island suffer alone.”
“We should all work together to fight against that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect …….”
Su Tianshuo stood out and said in a very impassioned manner!