After Nie Heng walked back, Chen Ping said to Nie Heng’s third master uncle, “Now take me to the place where you make pills to heal the sick ……”
Nie Heng third senior uncle frowned slightly at Chen Ping, after all, the place where he refines pills is confidential to him, how can he casually invite a person he doesn’t know to go!
There is also the fact that he still has doubts about Chen Ping’s medical skills, after all, Chen Ping is too young, even if he cultivated from inside his mother’s womb, how strong can he be!
Chen Ping could also see Third Uncle Nie Heng’s doubts, so he smiled lightly and didn’t say anything, directly taking out the Shennong Cauldron from his storage ring!
“Look at this censer, do you think I can cure your illness?”
Chen Ping asked!
When Third Senior Uncle Nie Heng saw the divine Nong Cauldron, his entire body froze, followed by reaching out and gently stroking it on the divine Nong Cauldron filled with shock!
“This is the Shennong Cauldron, the ancient divine cauldron ah ……”
Third Senior Uncle Nie Heng’s body was trembling slightly, full of envy and excitement!
Although envious and excited, there was not the slightest hint of greed in Nie Heng’s Third Senior Uncle’s eyes, unlike that Hu Yixiao, who wanted to keep the divine Nong Cauldron for himself the first time he saw it!
“Since you know that this is the ancient divine Cauldron, then hurry up and take me to the place where you’re making pills.”
Chen Ping said!
Only then did Third Senior Uncle Nie Heng nodded, and then led Chen Ping into a very dimly lit room, which was not very large, but was decorated with many medicinal herbs!
In the middle of the room was a small pot, but it was a bit old and had some damage on it!
Chen Ping took a look at the herbs, but they were all very ordinary and of low value, which made Chen Ping very puzzled!
In this area, the Jade Cauldron Sect was the only clan that refined pills and cured diseases, and many of the medicinal herbs around the area were picked by the Jade Cauldron Sect.
Nie Heng’s Third Master could also see Chen Ping’s doubts and explained with a bitter smile, “Although I am still the Third Elder of the Jade Tripod Sect, I am only in name, the resources of the Jade Tripod Sect will not be given to me.”
“If it wasn’t for the fact that I hold the method to open the Hidden Medicine Pavilion, that Hu Yixiao might have killed me long ago ……”
Chen Ping looked at the Third Elder in front of him, his heart filled with admiration, originally he could have lived a life of fine clothes and good food, but for the sake of the benevolent heart of the healer in his heart and to help the mountain people around him, the Third Elder chose to stick to it!
Although humans in the Celestial Realm are much more utilitarian than others, and many will do anything to improve their strength, there are still some who maintain a kind heart!
For example, those in Bashi Village, and this Jade Tripod Sect’s Third Elder in front of him ……
“If I hadn’t seen you maintain a kind heart as a healer, I wouldn’t have approached you and even less would have treated you.”
Chen Ping said slowly!
The Third Elder stared at Chen Ping and asked in disbelief, “Who are you anyway? How did you come to possess the Divine Peasant Cauldron? What are you doing here in our Jade Tripod Sect?”
With the Third Elder’s question, Chen Ping also told the purpose of his visit to the Jade Tripod Sect, but Chen Ping’s identity was not told!
When Chen Ping said that he wanted to offer the Shennong Cauldron to Hu Yixiao in order to join the Jade Tripod Sect and enter the Pill Pond, the Third Elder immediately stopped him and said, “You must not give the Shennong Cauldron to Hu Yixiao, the Shennong Cauldron is an ancient divine cauldron, made by the Shennong Medical Immortal for the benefit of Cang Sheng.”
“If the divine Nong Cauldron goes to Hu Yixiao, it will disgrace the reputation of the divine Nong Cauldron, don’t you want to enter the Pill Pond?
“You can pretend to be a disciple of my lineage, then you will be able to enter the Pill Pond, there is absolutely no need to bend the knee under that Hu Yixiao’s door.”
The Third Elder’s words made Chen Ping’s eyes light up, if that was possible, he wouldn’t have to pretend to worship that Hu Yixiao!