“Mr Chen, who is this Taoist priest? I think he just said that you are his disciple’s man?”
“Could it be that Mr Chen is already married and has a dual cultivation partner?”
Xiao Feng asked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping just laughed bitterly and did not answer as he did not know how to answer!
What Daoist Wuji had said was not a lie, and it was also what Chen Ping himself had agreed to!
Although Lin Keting had said it later as a joke, Chen Ping himself could not keep his word!
If Lin Keting needed him now, Chen Ping must also be obliged!
Who let himself say that kind of words!
In the void, the Ten Highnesses were knocked back a hundred miles by Daoist Wuji with a flick of his duster, and Zuo Tianzheng and the others were all filled with gravity!
They had not expected at all that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, which had all but reached this point, would suddenly have Daoist Wuji appear!
What kind of friendship could Daoist Wuji have with Xiao Dynasty?
At the time of the Xiao Dynasty’s crisis, Daoist Wuji came to help?
Could it be because of Chen Ping?
Zuo Tianzheng gazed towards Chen Ping with a very complicated look in his eyes!
The Tenth Highness spat out the lollipop in his mouth, and his face finally became gloomy and grave!
Blood was soaking through the sleeves of the Tenth Highness’s right wrist where it was!
With that strike just now, not only did the golden longsword shatter, but the Tenth Highness was also injured!
The Tenth Highness no longer had that haughty look as he gazed at Daoist Wuji!
Daoist Wuji, on the other hand, was wearing a few smiles, but there was a sense of mockery in that smile!
The roles were now completely switched!
In the beginning, it was the Tenth Highness who looked down on anyone, but now it was himself who was being looked down on!
This kind of contempt caused the Tenth Highness’s heart to crumble a little!
“Old mongrel, you deserve to die ……”
The Tenth Highness finished speaking and violently grabbed towards his back!
Originally, there was nothing behind him, but at this moment, a sword appeared from the Ten Highness’s hand!
The sword chopped towards Daoist Wuji!
This sword, as fast as lightning, completely transformed into a ray of light, and in the blink of an eye, it arrived in front of Daoist Wuji!
This sword, as fast as lightning, completely transformed into a ray of light and arrived in front of Daoist Wuji in the blink of an eye!
The Tenth Highness used his sword with even more ferocity than he did with his sword!
Watching the Tenth Highness’ sword chop, Daoist Wuji did not move, but instead swung the duster in his hand once again!
Boom!
The sword shattered!
The Tenth Highness once again retreated a hundred miles!
Ten Highness had just stopped, and a strand of his divine soul unexpectedly came out of his body, but it only returned to his body in an instant!
At the same time, blood erupted from the Ten Highness’s right arm, injuring it even more severely!
This strike had actually knocked out the tenth highness’s divine soul!
Outrageous, truly outrageous!
“It’s too good, and it’s too good ……”
Xiao Jian looked at Daoist Wuji and said with a face full of shock!
Xiao Feng also licked his lips, “It would be great if this Taoist Master were to be used by my Xiao Dynasty!”
Xiao Yuanshan, however, was filled with envy, “It seems that the path of cultivation is still too far, too far away ……”
Xiao Yuanshan was the Emperor of the Xiao Dynasty, and his strength was one of the best in the Xiao Dynasty!
However, now that he was facing Daoist Wuji, this amount of his strength was too inadequate!
And at this moment, Daoist Wuji, who only had a shadow left, couldn’t help but reveal a bitter smile as he listened to the words of several people!
His strength at the beginning was not inferior to Senior Wuji’s!
Otherwise, it would have been impossible for him to step in to protect the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
It was only a pity that over these thousands of years, being trapped by the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, his own strength had declined too much!
By now, it had declined to the point where he couldn’t even deal with a Mahayana realm cultivator!
As for the people of the Demon Sealing Alliance, at this moment, apart from their gloomy faces, it was their bodies that were trembling slightly!
Many people also knew Daoist Wuji and had heard of Daoist Wuji’s name!
But no one had expected that Daoist Wuji’s strength would be so terrifying!
This was already somewhat beyond their knowledge!
If this continued, I was afraid that none of them would be able to escape!