So much so that it had become a luxury for her to try to cultivate in peace and quiet!
Now she could only use the strength of the Valley of the Wicked to give herself shelter for a while.
Chen Ping told Long Wu about his intentions, following him.
When Long Wu heard that Chen Ping wanted to save his mother from the Long Family and Su Yuqi from the Martial Alliance at a young age, he immediately shook his head.
“You shouldn’t overthink things, whether it’s the Dragon Family or the Martial Dao Alliance, neither of them is what you see now.”
“How deep they are, no one knows.”
“Do you think Mr Shi is so indulgent in sheltering you now for what?”
“He needs to use your hand to muddy up the entire Kyoto martial arts scene.”
“Only when the water is muddy will some things hidden behind the scenes slowly reveal themselves.”
“Even the officials are like this, do you think that with your own strength, you can stand up to the Dragon Family and the Martial Arts Alliance?”
Long Wu struck at Chen Ping, he did not want Chen Ping to be too aggressive, if he wanted to be too aggressive, many things would be unpredictable.
As Chen Ping listened to Long Wu’s words, his whole body fell into deep thought.
It could also be true that he was in too much of a hurry, but looking at his mother and girlfriend suffering, Chen Ping couldn’t help but be in a hurry!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not say anything, Long Wu patted Chen Ping’s shoulder, “What you need to do now is to improve your strength, when you are strong enough, all problems, are not problems.”
“Don’t think about the rest, otherwise it will affect your cultivation progress!”
Chen Ping nodded heavily, then said, “Uncle Long, can you take me to the Valley of the Wicked?”
“Many people are staring at me now, I can’t even find a secluded place to cultivate if I want to, and although Pill God Valley is hidden, there are quite a few people who know about this place.”
“If someone were to find this place, relying on Elder Xu and the others, they wouldn’t be able to resist.”
“I want to rely on the strength of the Vicious Valley to help me buy some time to cultivate!”
“This ……” When Long Wu heard this, his entire body fell into deep thought.
It wasn’t that he didn’t want to help Chen Ping, it was just that his love affair with the villains had been exhausted, and he had already used up his face when he asked the four villains to come to Chen Ping’s rescue.
Now that Chen Ping had even made such a request, Long Wu did not know what to say.
That place, the Valley of the Wicked, was not a place where just anyone could enter.
Moreover, the Four Villains had eccentric personalities, so it was probably very difficult for them to agree.
But since Chen Ping had brought it up, Long Wu decided to contact the Valley of the Wicked to give it a try.
“Alright, I’ll contact the Valley of the Wicked and see if that’s okay ……”
Long Wu nodded and then walked out.
Chen Ping looked at Long Wu who walked out, and did not tell him that the Valley of the Wicked was the Heavenly Dragon Hall entrance.
Just as Long Wu left, Gu Ling’er hurriedly came in.
It had been a while since she had seen Chen Ping, and Gu Ling’er was very worried.
“Chen Ping, are you still leaving when you come back this time?”
Gu Ling’er asked to Chen Ping.
Every time, Chen Ping could not stay for a few days before leaving.
Chen Ping nodded, “Go, probably tomorrow!”
When Gu Ling’er heard that Chen Ping was leaving again so soon, her expression fell a little.
“Where are you going again? Many people are watching you outside now, it’s dangerous if you run around.”
Gu Ling’er also knew some things on the top of the forum, and knew of Chen Ping’s current situation.
“If I stay in the Pill God Valley, I guess it won’t take long for the Pill God Valley to go up in smoke.”
“I’m going to go to a secluded place to cultivate, and when I’m strong enough, I’m going to go to the Martial Dao Alliance and save Yu Qi.”
“Right now, she must have suffered a lot ……”
Thinking of Su Yuqi, Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with self-blame.