With a flick of Chen Ping’s hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword disappeared, accompanied by several figures!
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually put the sword away, Tong Youkong smiled faintly, “What? Figured it out? Want to come with me?”
“It’s impossible to follow you, unless you carry me ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking, and a light flickered above his right hand.
“Hahahaha, you are no match for me even with weapons, do you still want to defeat me with your bare hands?”
Tong You Gong laughed loudly, not the least bit impressed!
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry, followed by the light on his hand becoming as dazzling as the sun!
The next punch slammed into Tong You Gong with a force so overwhelming that it distorted the entire void!
Tong You Gong only slowly raised his hand, a surge of power in his body condensed in his hand and grabbed Chen Ping’s fist directly!
Boom …………
With a muffled sound, Chen Ping’s fist was directly caught in that Tong You Gong’s hand.
“That’s all you’ve got, so don’t resist ……”
The corner of Tong You Gong’s mouth raised as he looked at Chen Ping with contempt!
But Chen Ping didn’t seem surprised, he didn’t think that this one punch would be enough to knock out Tong You Gong!
Just as Tong Youkong’s attention was on Chen Ping, suddenly to his side, a light flashed!
The originally vanished Dragon Cutting Sword appeared, and with a single blow, it chopped at Tong You Gong’s arm!
Tong Youkong’s brow furrowed and his body jerked back.
However, the sword still chopped at Tong You Gong’s arm, causing blood to instantly flow out from his arm!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was chagrined, he had thought that this sword would be able to cut off Tong Youkong’s arm, but now it seemed that the strength of the sword spirit was still too weak!
Looking at his injured arm, anger burned up in Tong You Gong’s body.
“Kid, I have no more patience to play with you ……”
After Tong Yougong finished speaking, a burst of green light actually emitted from the wound, and the wound quickly healed under this green light!
Chen Ping looked on incredulously, really couldn’t understand what kind of ability this Tong You Gong was!
“I’ve long heard that the Heavenly Thunder Sect is going against the law and secretly using genetic technology, now it seems to be true ……”
Liu Xing looked at Tong You Gong’s self-healing wound and said with a gloomy face!
“Eldest Brother, this matter should be reported to Master, I have heard Master say that going against the law is subject to heavenly calamity.”
“Maybe, when the time comes, our entire Martial Dao world will suffer along with it.”
Liu Rui said with a worried face.
Liu Xing nodded, his eyes staring intently at that Tong You Gong.
At this moment, the anger on Tong You Gong’s body was already burning, and his hands were like eagle claws, flashing with a silvery light!
A stern aura was climbing!
“I will make you pay the price ……”
As Tong You Gong’s words fell, his entire body instantly disappeared from Chen Ping’s sight!
Chen Ping frowned, followed by a casual swing of the Dragon Chopper Sword in his hand backwards!
Clang …………
The Dragon Chopping Sword seemed to have cut into something hard, directly shaking Chen Ping’s hand to the point of numbness!
Before Chen Ping could see it, he felt a strong wind coming at him!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards, Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body instantly shattered in front of his chest, and blood flowed out at the first opportunity!
Looking down at the wound on his chest, Chen Ping’s face became even more grave!
He had to know that his Unbreakable Golden Body was incredibly hard, even without the protection of the Unbreakable Golden Body, his physical body was not something that could be broken by anyone.
But now that Tong You Gong had constantly broken his Unbreakable Golden Body, and even his fleshly body!
“What a hard flesh body, to think that it only scratched through a layer of skin ……”
Tong You Gong was a little surprised, but immediately afterwards, he stepped on the ground and his body instantly went towards Chen Ping again!
Against a Martial Saint, Tong You Gong had already attacked several moves one after another, which had made him run out of patience a long time ago!