Beneath those bloodthirsty eyes was the open bloody mouth, like a bottomless abyss.
Chen Ping was like an ant in front of this white bone giant!
Rumbling …………
Suddenly, lightning continued to strike down from the sky, all of which struck at the body of this white bone giant!
However, this lightning did not cause any damage to this white bone giant, instead, it caused the aura within his body to grow stronger and stronger!
Looking at the terrifying giant that suddenly appeared, everyone in the surroundings looked panicked and kept retreating backwards!
On the other hand, those disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect were all excited and raised their arms!
The white bone giant’s aura continuously erupted with a terrifying pressure, causing Patriarch Jiang and the others to feel suffocated!
“Chen Ping, this is a White Bone Giant cultivated by our Blood Bone Sect, and this White Bone Giant has the aura of all three races.”
Tan Rongkun looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile!
Because the white bones on this White Bone Giant’s body were also made up of human cultivators, demonic cultivators as well as beasts, the Blood and Bone Sect cultivation did not care what the other party’s identity was!
“Second senior brother, don’t talk nonsense with him, immediately let the white bone giant tear him apart!”
Di Chongjing said loudly to Tan Rongkun!
Tan Rongkun nodded, then waved his big hand, “Kill them ……”
As soon as Tan Rongkun’s order was given, the White Bone Giant looked towards Chen Ping, and the red light in its eyes shot straight towards him!
“Mr Chen …………”
Seeing this, Patriarch Jiang and the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master panicked!
“None of you should make a move, if I can’t take down a mere Blood and Bone Sect, I won’t be able to mix with the Celestial Realm anymore in the future!”
Chen Ping told Patriarch Jiang and the others that none of them were allowed to help, and that he would personally deal with this White Bone Giant!
Boom!
The White Bone Giant made its move, directly spewing out an icy cold baleful aura from that mouth, heading straight for Chen Ping!
Whoosh!
Chen Ping instantly flashed away as a golden light!
That Icy Cold Baneful Qi did not hit Chen Ping, but it directly froze the spot where Chen Ping was standing!
The cold aura continuously shrouded the surroundings, this Icy Cold Fury Qi was much more powerful than the cold aura emanating from the Ice Technique of the Broad Cold Palace!
Looking at the frozen place, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, “Ice Cold Fury Qi, I am not afraid of these ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his entire body instantly transformed into a meteor and rushed towards the white bone giant!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and the sound of breaking air continuously resounded!
Facing Chen Ping, that White Bone Giant directly raised his right palm, and from above that right palm, a single ice arrow shot out with vigour!
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not dodge, but instead, he instantly chopped the Dragon Sword in his hand!
Boom!
The golden sword Qi whistled out and directly followed those ice arrows to collide together!
The two auras collided together and resounded with a violent explosion!
The white ice mist began to spread amidst the explosions, directly obscuring Chen Ping’s figure!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, made use of this and instantly dodged to the side, the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand swinging out once again!
This sword was even more powerful than the one just now.
The sword Qi chopped towards the white bone giant’s right palm, as fast as lightning!
Swish!
The crowd saw a flash of golden light, and then the white bone giant’s right palm was chopped off!
The white bone palm fell heavily to the ground!
The White Bone Giant hissed and slapped his left palm down towards Chen Ping, but it was nimbly dodged by Chen Ping!
“Hmph, this what a white bone giant, it’s nothing more than that ah……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly!
But that Tan Rongkun saw that the white bone giant had one of its palms chopped off by Chen Ping, he was not even the slightest bit surprised or flustered, but instead had a few moments of a playful sneer on his face!
When Chen Ping saw that expression on Tan Rongkun’s face, he couldn’t help but frown, and then he saw that the white bone giant thrust that severed arm straight towards the ground!
The ground was piled up with white bones, and the White Bone Giant inserted the broken arm into that white bone!
Only to see red light flashing, that White Bone Giant’s severed palm unexpectedly recovered instantly!