“Ning Zhi, I can do more than that, and today I will let you taste them all ……”
Chen Ping said, and a faint golden light rose from above his hands!
This time, whether it was Ning Zhi or the soul inside him, they all panicked a little!
Facing Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi and Jiang Wei, and the other party had a Martial Saint weapon, Ning Zhi didn’t have the slightest chance of winning!
“Golden Cicada.”
The spirit warned at Ning Zhi.
Seeing this, Ning Zhi could only grit his teeth and his body instantly began to shrink, breaking free of that immortal binding rope!
But just as Ning Zhi had broken free, Chen Ping smashed his fist over!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
The terrifying wind of Chen Ping’s fist swept in, and Ning Zhi surprisingly didn’t dodge as Chen Ping’s ferocious fist actually pierced right through Ning Zhi’s chest!
Ning Zhi spurted out a mouthful of blood, and looked at Chen Ping with a face full of anger, “Chen Ping, do you …… have to drive all the people to their deaths?”
“Nonsense, people like you are only a scourge when left in the world.”
Chen Ping’s eyes were cold, without the slightest bit of pity, he charged towards Ning Zhi once again!
Boom!
Chen Ping had exploded with his full strength this time, and with one blow, Ning Zhi’s entire upper body was almost shattered, covered in blood, and his breath had become very weak!
Seeing Ning Zhi in this state, Hu Ma Zi and Jiang Wei relaxed their guard, after all, Ning Zhi was like this, Chen Ping could have killed him with one punch!
Chen Ping also felt a bit strange at this moment, although that Ning Zhi might not be as strong as himself, but he could not be so weak that he was immediately dying after being punched by himself twice.
But looking at Ning Zhi’s near-death appearance, it didn’t look like he was faking either, which made Chen Ping very surprised!
“Chen Ping, you wait for me, if I don’t die, I will definitely break you into pieces ……”
Ning Zhi yelled at Chen Ping with a fierce face, still spurring him on!
“Don’t worry, you will never be allowed to leave alive today.”
After saying that, Chen Ping kicked at Ning Zhi!
And with the force of Chen Ping’s kick, Ning Zhi’s body violently crashed through the wall and his body fell outside!
“It’s bad ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping reacted instantly and went straight after him.
But when Chen Ping chased him out, he saw that Ning Zhi instantly turned into a black light and disappeared without a trace!
And on the ground remained the black robe on Ning Zhi’s body, which was covered with blood stains.
“D*mn it, let him get away …………”
Chen Ping took the black robe and cursed incoherently.
At this time, Pocky Hu and Jiang Wei also rushed out, and Chen Ping hurriedly said to Pocky Hu, “Master Hu, go and see if Zhou Jie is still there ……”
Pocky Hu nodded, then rushed into Zhou Jie’s room and found that Zhou Jie wasn’t in the room!
“Not there, probably already gone back to the Demon Spirit Sect.”
Hu Puzi said.
“Let’s go, let’s also go to the Demon Spirit Sect, I want to see what’s going on here, is this Demon Spirit Sect really in a snake and rat nest with the Martial Dao Alliance as well?”
Chen Ping was going to see if this Demon Spirit Sect had become the domain of that Song Qingping!
Chen Ping led Hu Ma Zi towards the Demon Spirit Sect, while Jiang Wei followed with the Jiang family experts.
But just as Chen Ping and the others reached the entrance to the Demon Spirit Sect’s secret realm, they found the entrance gate flashing with light and a man covered in blood running out of it!
This man stumbled and ran straight towards Chen Ping and his group, and behind this man, there were several others chasing after him!
Only when they got closer did Chen Ping realise that the man covered in blood was the Deacon Lu who had fought with him!
The people chasing behind him were also from the Demon Spirit Sect, whom Chen Ping had met in the Demon Spirit Sect’s main hall!
When Deacon Lu ran into Chen Ping, he was obviously stunned, and then said anxiously to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, you have come just in time, now that the Demon Spirit Sect has rebelled and become the people of that Song Qingping, the Demon Spirit Sect is now indistinguishable from the Demon Heart Sect.”
“I’m afraid that the cooperation between the Demon Spirit Sect and you is also a sham, you should run for your life quickly ……”