Although this flame possessed the aura of a Demon Supreme Flame, it was not entirely a Demon Supreme Flame.
It should have been formed by the fusion of several types of Supreme Flames.
Jiang Yulian was also dumbfounded as she watched, “Chen is truly remarkable! To be able to navigate under such an attack!”
“You have to know that guy, but he’s a ninth grade Grand Cultivator of the Transition Realm ah……”
The crowd of the Soul Demon Sect was also looking on in amazement, they wanted to see how a Transitional Appearance Realm fourth grade cultivator was able to take on a Transitional Appearance Realm ninth grade great cultivator.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was currently weaving in and out of the black mist, his body burning to fire, constantly attacking towards those demonic beasts that were illusions of the black mist, each attack precise and powerful, smashing those demonic beast illusions one by one.
His movements were as fast as lightning, dazzling people, as if even the air was burning because of his speed.
The black-robed youth, on the other hand, appeared to be struggling more and more, as his black mist began to thin out and the demonic beast illusions gradually dissipated.
His face was pale and his eyes were filled with shock, he obviously did not expect Chen Ping to be so powerful that he was able to easily receive this move from him.
One must know that Chen Ping was only a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, and he was simply no match for him!
Finally, after a violent impact, the black-robed youth’s black mist completely dissipated.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, stood in the midst of the firelight, his figure standing tall like a pine, with a subdued smile on his face.
“This move of yours, it’s not that good.”
Chen Ping said blandly, his voice was not loud, but it was full of confidence and dominance.
As soon as his words fell, a chorus of exclamations and praises rang out from the surroundings.
“Mr Chen, bullish.”
“Mr Chen is so awesome, this first move was easily blocked.”
“Mr Chen hasn’t even used his full strength yet, it’s like a child playing house!”
Ochre Yan led the crowd of the Soul Demon Sect to give Chen Ping a shout out, also to stimulate the black-robed youth!
“You really do have some skills, it’s me who has underestimated you ……”
The black-robed youth’s eyes were filled with surprise, he did not expect Chen Ping, a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, to display strength that far exceeded his realm!
“You’re not bad either, it’s me who overestimated you, a ninth grade great cultivator of the Transitional Appearance realm, I feel like I can pester you for a while anyways.”
“I didn’t expect that you are so rubbish ……”
Chen Ping mocked the black-robed youth and said!
“Ah ……” the black-robed youth roared, “Don’t be complacent, that was only the first move, I was too careless and didn’t use my full strength, and just now I was just warming up.”
“Next, I’ll let you see the true demonic power, I’ll let you die in fear!”
“I hope that this time, you’re not just snivelling and bragging, you can really show some skills.” Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Killing opportunities rose in the eyes of the black-robed youth, and a trace of unprecedented ruthlessness flashed through his eyes, as if he wanted to pour all his strength into this move.
He clenched his hands into fists, and the power of his entire body erupted at this moment, and the black mist that had already dissipated coalesced crazily once again.
The black mist was like an enraged beast, roaring and rushing, transforming into a rolling black wave, carrying the power to destroy the sky and the earth, surging towards Chen Ping.
That black wave was as violent as a tsunami, instantly drowning Chen Ping completely.
It was as if the surrounding air had been drained away by this wave, creating a dead vacuum.
A black wave began to surge recklessly, and if it was not for the boundary that Chen Ping had placed, it was feared that Ochre Yan and the rest of them would have suffered along with it.
In the midst of the black waves, the sound of collision constantly resounded, as if it was the roar of mountains crashing into each other!
Rumble ……
Rumbling ……
A huge vortex formed within the black mist, seemingly tearing apart everything inside!
Ochre Yan and Jiang Yulian who saw this scene directly panicked!