Chen Ping gritted his teeth and looked at Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, he surprisingly did not know what to do for a moment.
“Chen Ping, leave us alone, run away ……” Su Yuqi shouted.
“Chen Ping, even if you tie your hands, they won’t let us go, you don’t have to hesitate, just do it and kill me, then run away yourself, I don’t want to be spoiled ……”
Gu Ling’er shouted at Chen Ping, she hoped that Chen Ping would make a move to kill her, after all, falling into the hands of a scheming person like Xuan Yuan Kai would not end well, not to mention that this Xuan Yuan Kai had shown his intentions towards them long ago.
“Shut up, D*mn it …………”
Xuan Yuan Kai’s face was slightly cold, his hand was slightly hard, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were suddenly in pain and sweating!
“Stop it ……” Chen Ping was furious at the sight, but he did not dare to make a move easily.
He was not sure of killing Xuan Yuan Kai in one blow, after all, Xuan Yuan Kai was a peak Grand Master, second only to Martial Sect, Chen Ping was not sure of killing him in one blow.
If he could not kill Xuanyuan Kai in one blow, then both Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er in Xuanyuan Kai’s hands would be in danger.
“What? Figured it out?” Xuan Yuan Kai sneered.
“Fine, I’ll go with you, you can have whatever you want ……”
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand and put his hands on top of his head, with a dead face.
Now Chen Ping had no other choice, he couldn’t do anything except listen to this Xuanyuan Kai.
“Chen Ping, you must not listen to him ……”
“Don’t listen to him ……”
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er shouted desperately.
However, Chen Ping seemed to have not heard them and slowly walked towards that Xuanyuan Kai.
When Xuan Yuan Kai saw how sensible Chen Ping was, his face became even more smug.
“Second brother, if this guy is taken away by the Xuan Yuan family, we won’t be able to avenge big brother ……”
Qin Xiaotian said somewhat anxiously when he saw Chen Ping walking towards Xuanyuan Kai.
“Shut up!” Qin Xiaoxian was constantly adjusting his breath and treating his injuries at the moment, but he didn’t want this Qin Xiaotian gabbing on the side.
Seeing this, Qin Xiaotian shut his mouth in fear.
Chen Ping gathered his breath and slowly walked towards Xuan Yuan Kai, but after taking two steps, Chen Ping unexpectedly found that not far from Xuan Yuan Kai, the snow wolf was lying on the ground, his body was carefully moving forward, and his eyes were staring deadly at Xuan Yuan Kai.
Seeing the snow wolf, Chen Ping’s heart was happy, just now he thought that the snow wolf had left, after all, the temperature here had returned, the ice and snow had melted, and it was not suitable for the snow wolf to live anymore.
“You let the two of them go first, I’ll do everything you say, and if you want my life, you can take it anytime you want ……”
Chen Ping said as he approached towards Xuanyuan Kai.
He was doing this to attract Xuan Yuan Kai’s attention and keep him from discovering the Snow Wolf’s presence.
“Cut the f*cking crap, come here obediently and I will naturally let your woman go ……”
Xuanyuan Kai said with some impatience.
“Chen Ping, don’t, don’t come over ……”
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were still shouting, the two of them were sweating with anxiety.
“Don’t worry you two, we’ll all be fine ……”
Chen Ping gave the two a firm look, he did not want to make the two girls anxious.
Just when Chen Ping was only three or four meters away from that Xuan Yuan Kai, suddenly the snow wolf unleashed a ……
“Howl …………”
After a roar, the snow wolf quickly bit down on that Xuan Yuan Kai’s arm, the intense pain caused Xuan Yuan Kai to scream out, followed by the release of Su Yuqi in his hand.
After Su Yuqi was released from control, she quickly ran away, but Gu Ling’er was still in Xuan Yuan Kai’s left hand, still being controlled, at this moment, Xuan Yuan Kai only needed to exert one force, Gu Ling’er would be killed on the spot!
Just as the snow wolf launched its attack, Chen Ping also launched an attack at the same time, the Chopping Dragon Sword in his hand instantly appeared, and a sword slashed towards that Xuan Yuan Kai’s left arm.