It looked like this person was not very old and very cold, but the aura on his body was not low, and although this person was deliberately hiding his strength, he could still feel that overbearing aura on him!
“Qi Peijia?”
Seeing the visitor, Jin Dong’s brows could not help but frown!
Luo Shouhai and Luo Xi, who were on the side, also became very surprised with their expressions when they saw the visitor!
“Brother Jin, haven’t seen you for many years, I didn’t expect you to still recognise me ……”
The visitor looked towards Jin Dong and said with a faint smile at the corner of his mouth!
“Of course I know you, even after another hundred years, I won’t forget ……”
Jin Dong looked at that Qi Peijia with a few moments of anger in his eyes!
“But this time, you not entering the Divine Demon Battlefield is a bit of a spoiler for me, if I have the chance, I’m going to continue to learn from you.”
After Qi Peijia finished speaking, he turned around and left, while that Liu Xueyi glanced at Jin Dong with a sneer on his face, before bumbling to follow him!
“Brother Jin, who is this person? It looks mysterious and very strong.”
Chen Ping asked Jin Dong!
“He is a loose cultivator from the Heavenly Demon Mountain, this fellow has no clan or sect in the Heavenly Demon Mountain and no one has taken him in.”
Jin Dong said!
“A loose cultivator?” Chen Ping was stunned “A casual cultivator can reach such a realm? And I see if you have some issues with him?”
Chen Ping could see the anger in Jin Dong’s eyes!
Jin Dong did not answer and glanced at Luo Xi before he said “Not bad, this guy bullied his senior sister many years ago and almost took away her innocence, I beat him to death in a fit of rage and then threw him inside the Devil Swallowing Cave.”
“I really didn’t expect that this guy didn’t die, and his strength has become so high, it’s simply outrageous.”
“Devil Swallowing Cave?” This time, Chen Ping was a little confused, not understanding what this Devil Swallowing Cave was!
“Mr Chen, this Devil Swallowing Cave is just a cave in the Heavenly Devil Mountain, only that the disciples of the six great devil sects, passing by the vicinity of the Devil Swallowing Cave, a lot of them would disappear without any reason, so over time they named that cave Devil Swallowing Cave.”
“And the disciples of the major demonic sects of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, all bypassed that place and wouldn’t be passing through there.”
Luo Shouhai explained after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping then understood why they all acted shocked when they saw that Qi Peijia!
Being seriously injured and being thrown inside the Devil Swallowing Cave, but not dying and becoming even stronger, this was a little too outrageous!
If it wasn’t for the fact that the opening of the Divine Demon Battlefield was imminent, Chen Ping would have wanted to go to that Devil Swallowing Cave to explore it and see what was so special about this Devil Swallowing Cave!
Chen Ping and the others waited for the rift in the foreign space to completely open, and after the surrounding space-time turbulence completely disappeared, they would be able to enter!
The vortex around the rift became less and less and fainter, and in the end, it completely disappeared!
And the wisps of white mist around the rift began to tumble violently, quickly forming a passage around that rift!
When the crowd saw that the passageway had opened up, they were about to leap into action when suddenly a figure quickly rushed towards that crack!
Immediately after that, an ear-piercing sound rang out, like an alarm!
The dozens of cultivators standing in front of the crack saw this and waved their hands out together!
Dozens of breaths condensed in one place and became incredibly powerful!
In an instant, this breath struck above the figure, and the figure directly turned into blood mist and was blown away by a gust of wind!
“Gentlemen, those who want to intrude without a VIP token without permission, this is what happens, I hope you all pay attention!”
Sect Master Kong of the Xuan Yin Sect said loudly!
Patriarch Kong’s words had just landed, and then a black shadow was seen turning into a gust of wind towards the crack!
However, this time, no piercing sound rang out, it was obvious that this person possessed a VIP token on him, so the dozens of cultivators guarding the front did not make a move!