“Brother Chen Ping, is this the woman you’re not eating with me because of?”
Wang Han Han murmured, her eyes already moist!
Su Family Villa!
Su Wenzong followed by Gu Wentian was sitting in the living room drinking tea and chatting!
If it was in the past, even though Su Wenzong was the richest man in Hongcheng, he wouldn’t have had the chance to follow Gu Mantian and have tea and chat together!
Now Su Wenzong’s status was different, the crowd had already recognised Su Wenzong as Chen Ping’s father-in-law, this status was much more powerful than that title of the richest man in Hongcheng!
Soon, Su Yuqi followed Chen Ping and upon seeing Chen Ping, Gu Wentian hurriedly got up, “Mr. Chen ……”
“Ancient no need to be so polite, you look very tough these days ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“It’s not thanks to Mr. Chen, otherwise my old bones would have been sucked clean by that resentful dragon!”
Gu Mantian knew that it was thanks to Chen Ping that his body was so well, if it wasn’t for Chen Ping’s hand, Gu Mantian’s body would have collapsed by now from sitting on top of that dragon chair all day!
“It’s still just the ancient own physique ……” Chen Ping laughed!
“Chen Ping, I heard from Yu Qi that you are now going to work at Xin Yu Rihua?”
Su Wenzong asked to Chen Ping.
“Well, as a salesman!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
“Why are you suffering, when I asked you if you liked business, you said no, and now you’re going to work as a small salesman, you’re not thinking of starting from the bottom, are you?”
Su Wenzong asked.
Chen Ping shook his head, he didn’t know how to explain, when he went for the interview, he didn’t know that the company was owned by the Su family, not to mention that he didn’t intend to work all the time, he was just temporarily stabilising his parents!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not say anything, Su Wenzong continued: “I have already informed someone to do it, and when I start work on Monday, I will directly give you the chairmanship of Yu Qi, anyway, Yu Qi does not go to the company for a month or two, all counting on that Xing Jun to manage alone, I also do not feel comfortable …… ”
When Chen Ping heard this, he was immediately baffled and waved his hands, “Mr. Su, I don’t do that, I really don’t have time to manage the company, being this salesman is just to stabilize my parents, I have more important things to do!”
Chen Ping didn’t want to get caught up in mundane matters, he had to make the most of his training, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to board Nameless Island on the 15th of July!
“Don’t push back, this matter is settled, it’s not like you’re asked to work at the company every day, you just go about your business ……”
Su Wenzong thought Chen Ping was embarra*sed and politely excusing himself, so he forcefully let Chen Ping take it!
Chen Ping saw this, and was not good at saying anything.
The meal was ready, so a few people ate and talked!
“Ancient, are you looking for me because of the matter of the spirit pen?”
Chen Ping had agreed to come over for dinner because Su Yuqi had said that Gu Wentian was looking for him for something.
Gu Wentian said with an embarra*sed look on his face, “Mr. Chen, I’ve already spoken to Daoist Master Bu Xu, he’s already on his way back, it shouldn’t take more than a few days!”
“Thank you for your trouble Ancient!” Chen Ping was now desperate to cure his mother’s eyes!
“This is nothing, I do have something I would like to ask Mr. Chen for help ……”
Gu Mantian said!
“Ancient, just say what you need, as long as I can do it, I will never refuse ……”
Chen Ping nodded his head and said!
“Mr. Chen, I know that you have the power of ghosts and gods, I have an old friend, after taking his wife to visit a tomb once, his wife started to go crazy, and he has been searching for medicine everywhere without any help, I think Mr. Chen might be able to cure it ……”
Gu Wentian has been admiring Chen Ping ever since he saw him force out the resentful dragon on the dragon chair!