Yao Shenghui’s face was gloomy as he looked at Chen Ping, he felt pressure on Chen Ping at the moment, it looked like he wouldn’t be able to keep the number one spot on the Windy Cloud Ranking!
“Chen Ping, good job ……”
Han Qing’er shouted excitedly, surprisingly jumping directly onto the high platform.
This made the face of Lv Factory, who had been by his side, look ugly to the extreme!
Coming to the high platform, Han Qing’er’s beautiful eyes shone with light, and the love in her eyes simply could not be hidden!
Chen Ping smiled faintly towards Han Qing’er, and there was tenderness in his eyes!
Since he was going to rely on Han Qing’er and break into the Purple Sky Mansion, he had to follow Han Qing’er and make good relations now!
When someone saw Han Qing’er and Chen Ping making eyes at each other, they joked, “Master Han, I’m afraid this Chen Ping is not your son-in-law, is he? I haven’t heard you talk about it either?”
Although he knew that the other party was joking, but Han Fusheng frowned, then yelled at Han Qing’er, “Qing’er, simply rude, without an invitation, is this high platform something you can just get on, get down to me ……”
Han Fusheng’s yell caused Han Qing’er to pout, and in the end, she could only walk down!
“Master Yu Clan, I feel that there is something very wrong with this Chen Ping ringing the Dragon Tattoo Bell, I’m afraid that this bell hammer and the Dragon Tattoo Bell are not broken, right?”
“This Chen Ping is only at the Third Realm of the Sub-Divine, how could he easily pick up the bell hammer? And how could he possibly strike out nine golden dragons with one hammer?”
“This is obviously illogical, either the hammer and the dragon bell are broken, or this guy is hiding his strength!”
“Now that the Dragon Tattooed Bell has become smaller in his hands and has been put away by him, he must know the secret of the Dragon Tattooed Bell!”
Yao Shenghui shouted, he couldn’t accept that a person from the Third Realm of the Subconsciousness was leaving him far behind!
Yu Qian also felt strange and said with a slight frown, “Chen Ping, why were you able to make that Dragon Tattoo Bell smaller and why did you put them away?”
“Did you know the secret of this Dragon Tattoo Bell so that you could so easily strike out nine golden dragons with one hammer?”
“Good, I do know the secret of this dragon bell, and this dragon bell is my ……” Chen Ping nodded his head and said!
Once Chen Ping said this, everyone was in an uproar!
Yu Qian looked at Chen Ping incredulously, he didn’t understand how this Dragon Tattoo Bell, which had stayed for an unknown number of years, had become Chen Ping’s?
“Chen Ping, you are simply shameless, this Dragon Tattooed Bell has been here for more than hundreds of years, how old are you, how come it has become yours?”
Yao Shenghui did not believe Chen Ping’s words!
Not only did Yao Shenghui not believe it, no one believed Chen Ping’s at all.
“Believe it or not, this dragon bell originally belonged to my family, and it is only right that I take it back now!”
Chen Ping said with a bland expression.
“Your family’s?” Yu Qian frowned slightly, “Then who is your father? And what kind of person is your ancestor? How could you have something like a dragon bell?”
“I can’t tell you who my father is, but this dragon tattooed bell does belong to my family.”
“If you don’t believe me, you can try it now, this dragon pattern bell is in my hands, none of you can ring it, not only can you not ring it, even that bell hammer you can’t even hold up.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly took the Dragon Pattern Bell out of his storage ring!
Soon the Dragon Pattern Bell became more than one person high, and the bell hammer was placed aside!
“Who are you bluffing, I don’t believe ……”
After Yao Shenghui finished speaking, he went straight forward to pick up the hammer and ring the dragon pattern bell!
But Yao Shenghui tried several times, but he couldn’t really move the hammer, and in the end he even used all his strength, but the hammer still didn’t move at all!
At this moment, Yao Shenghui’s face was red with embarra*sment and he was speechless!
Yu Qian looked at Chen Ping, and although he didn’t say anything, he also bent down and grabbed the hammer!
Yu Qian’s aura began to explode, and then he tried hard to pick up the hammer!