Within the secret territory!
Both Wu Mei’er and Xiao Ru were still unconscious, Su Yuqi was calling out to the duo from the sidelines!
“Xiao Ru, Mei’er, you guys wake up, wake up ……”
Su Yuqi looked both excited and worried!
After all this time, she was finally seeing someone she knew well!
After a while, Xiao Ru and Wu Mei’er woke up leisurely, and when they saw Su Yuqi, they were also surprised!
“Sister Yuqi? Are you …… really you?”
Xiao Ru looked at Su Yuqi in disbelief!
Wu Mei’er, on the other hand, pinched herself hard, “We’re not dreaming, are we?”
“Xiao Ru, it’s me, you’re not dreaming ……”
Su Yuqi’s eyes were filled with tears as she followed Xiao Ru and hugged her tightly!
“Sister Yuqi, I finally see you, it’s been so long, I miss you so much, everyone misses you!”
“Brother Chen Ping has been sealed in a secret realm in order to find a way to save you ……”
Xiao Ru was also crying bitterly, hugging Su Yuqi tightly!
When Su Yuqi heard Xiao Ru mention Chen Ping, she hurriedly wiped her tears and said, “Xiao Ru, tell me in detail, what happened to Chen Ping?”
“I …… I don’t know much ……”
Xiao Ru had always lived in the Zhao family, after all, she and Zhao Beng had been sort of set for life, and it was normal to live in the Zhao family!
So as for Chen Ping’s affairs, Xiao Ru didn’t know very much in detail!
“I’ll do the talking ……”
Wu Mei’er spoke up, and then gave a detailed account of how Chen Ping had managed to enter the secret realm in order to save Su Yuqi, and then got sealed inside!
“This fool, the Demon Heart Sect has many secret realms, so how could he possibly know which secret realm I was imprisoned in ……”
“This is clearly a conspiracy by the Demon Heart Sect ……”
Although Su Yuqi said it with her mouth, her heart was full of emotion, after all, Chen Ping had gone to save her despite her life, so it was clear that she had a place in Chen Ping’s heart!
“Sister Yuqi, how did you appear here? What kind of place is this?”
Xiao Ru asked curiously.
“This is also a secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect, I’ve been changed several times, I just don’t know why you two have appeared inside this secret realm as well!”
Su Yuqi said.
“We were captured here ……”
Xiao Ru told the story of how she and Wu Mei Er met an old man and were subsequently captured!
“You must have run into the Demon Heart Sect’s Demon Envoy, that old guy is very strong.”
“But why would the Demon Heart Sect want to capture you two?”
Su Yuqi frowned slightly, somewhat puzzled!
During the time she had been imprisoned in the Demon Heart Sect, Su Yuqi had actually learned quite a lot about the Demon Heart Sect, and she had gotten to know many of the people inside the Demon Heart Sect as well!
After all, what the Demon Heart Sect wanted was the blood in Su Yuqi’s body, so they all served Su Yuqi with good food and drink, and within the secret realm, they didn’t restrict Su Yuqi’s freedom!
This was because even if Su Yuqi walked around casually, it was impossible for her to leave the secret realm, and this was to allow Su Yuqi to cooperate with the blood draw!
It was because of this convenience that Su Yuqi had an initial understanding and knowledge of the Demon Heart Sect!
“We weren’t sure why we were arrested, but Mr. Shi handed us a book in advance, saying that if we saw Chen Ping, we would give it to him, and also asked if we were willing to sacrifice for Chen Ping.”
Wu Mei’er said to Su Yuqi.
“What book, bring it to me to see ……”
Su Yuqi asked.
Su Yuqi didn’t know much about Mr. Shi, after all, she had spent a lot of time locked up in the Demon Heart Sect.
Wu Meier took the book out and then handed it to Su Yuqi!
Su Yuqi looked at the very ancient and even somewhat worn book in her hand with a bewildered look on her face!
But just as Su Yuqi was about to open it and take a look, she was stopped by Xiao Ru: “Sister Yuqi, you can’t open it, Mr. Shi said that this book can only be opened by Brother Chen Ping ……”