“Missy, I don’t really know anything about Immortal Qi!”
That Mu family member said!
At this moment, that Mu family member had long since cursed his mother, choosing himself for every adventure!
“You don’t need to understand, just go down and test if there is any danger.”
Mu Naiyi said!
Then the Mu family had no choice but to carefully leap up and then fall towards that pool of Immortal Qi!
But just after touching that Immortal Qi Pool, a fierce breath pushed straight into that Mu family member’s dantian!
Boom!
In just an instant, that Mu family member directly exploded into death!
Seeing this scene, Mu Naiyi and also Mu Yao were stunned!
“What …… is going on here?”
Mu Naiyi asked in confusion!
This had touched her knowledge blind spot!
Mu Yao was also confused, he had just guessed that these were immortal qi.
Now that he had just gone down and the person had burst into flames, it made Mu Yao not dare to talk nonsense either!
“Why did that Chen Ping kid fall inside and nothing happened to him at all?”
Mu Yao was very puzzled!
A few people, guarding the side, no one could explain it clearly!
“Missy, it’s not a solution for us to keep guarding like this.”
Mu Yao frowned and said!
“What then? If we leave, what if that Chen Ping brat comes out?”
Mu Naiyi said!
“Eldest Miss, I don’t think we need to all stand guard here, I’ll lead the men to stand guard here while you go around to other places.”
“If we come across the Holy Maidens of the Broad Cold Palace, we’ll directly capture them, I see that Chen Ping is very concerned about these Holy Maidens.”
“At that time, we can use these holy maidens as a bargaining chip to blackmail that Chen Ping to show up and hand over the statue!”
Mu Yao gave Mu Naiyi an idea!
Mu Naiyi thought for a moment, then nodded and said “Okay, that’s it, you must keep an eye on it, as long as that Chen Ping shows up, you will notify me immediately.”
“En!” Mu Yao nodded!
Mu Naiyi left, leaving only Mu Yao to lead the men to stand guard here!
And at this moment, Chen Ping was in that pool of Immortal Qi, continuously descending downwards!
In the end, Chen Ping directly sank to the bottom of the Immortal Qi Pool!
His body was wrapped in a large amount of Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid, and every pore of Chen Ping was greedily absorbing the Immortal Qi!
With such a huge amount of Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid, Chen Ping did not know to what extent his realm would be able to rise after absorbing it!
However, he was certain that after absorbing this Immortal Qi, even if that Mu Naiyi was at the peak of the Ferrying Realm, he was afraid that he would not be his opponent!
At that time, Chen Ping would not need to run, and would directly kill these people from the Mu Family!
Simply as annoying as flies!
But just as Chen Ping was holding his breath and frantically absorbing the Immortal Qi, the statue he was holding in his hand unexpectedly began to flicker with light!
Countless amounts of Immortal Qi and Spiritual Liquid were actually hovering and being drawn into the statue!
A huge vortex formed, just like a whale swallowing water!
A large amount of Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid was absorbed by the statue, and the entire Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid was decreasing at a speed visible to the naked eye.
“Crap …………”
“Stop, stop, I found this, leave it for me, leave it for me ……”
Chen Ping was dumbfounded as he watched this scene!
The pool of Immortal Qi that he had discovered with great difficulty had been absorbed by this statue in a frenzy!
However, the statue did not stop, but was still absorbing madly!
Chen Ping was so angry that he gave the statue two slaps, but it was of no use at all!
Seeing that the Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid was getting less and less, Chen Ping was anxious!
But he could only be anxious, without the slightest solution!
And Mu Yao who was up there watched the pool of water in front of him getting smaller and smaller and rushed to inform Mu Nai Yi!
This kind of vision made Mu Yao’s heart a little unsettled!
“Kid, don’t you have the Extreme Cold Ice Flame, let’s see if we can freeze this Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid, as long as we freeze some of it, I guess this statue won’t be able to absorb it.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch gave Chen Ping an idea!