He was really afraid that that Miao King would not use poison on him, and it would be better to use all the poison of the Miao fortress on him, so that he could suck those poisonous qi into his body and store it in his heart condensation technique to improve his strength.
“Chen Ping, have you gone mad?”
Wu Mei’er was also looking at Chen Ping in disbelief.
Only Long Wu had a few smiles on his face, he understood what Chen Ping meant, so he spoke, “It is fine for Chen Ping to go to the Miao Village, it is just the right time to take care of things, so that there is no trouble in the future ……”
Seeing that Long Wu had said this, the others did not say anything else.
Xiao Lan looked at Chen Ping and slowly spoke, “Miao Village is not as simple as you think, you’d better think it over ……”
“No need to consider, if I don’t go with you, you know best what punishment you will face when you return to the Miao Village, but don’t tell me that the Miao Village is full of good men and women, I don’t believe it ……”
Chen Ping said with a firm face.
The reason for this is that Chen Ping is risking his life for his own sake. After a moment of silence, he said, “Let me tell you, this time my father asked me to bring you back alive for the purpose of practicing the Corpse King, which involves throwing a living person into a room full of poisonous substances and then being bitten by all kinds of poisonous things. If you are still alive after seven days, then you will become a corpse king, so far there has never been a practice ……”
Xiao Lan’s words, everyone was shocked, did not expect this Miao Village still refine this kind of thing, but also take a living person to experiment, simply too cruel.
“Chen Ping, you can’t go, you can’t go ……”
Once Su Yuqi heard that it was so cruel, she pulled Chen Ping’s arm to death, not intending to let Chen Ping go, it was too dangerous.
And Chen Ping heard, his heart has long been excited bad, he went to the Miao Village is to run to the Miao Village of those poisonous things to go, now want to practice him corpse king, Chen Ping really can not wait, when the time to the Miao Village of those poisonous things to suck up all the poison, maybe his strength can be raised another realm.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine!” Chen Ping comforted Su Yuqi, and then looked at Xiao Lan and said, “Let’s set off now, I can’t wait a bit ……”
Xiao Lan looked at Chen Ping’s impatient look and froze for a moment, originally she thought that after she told Chen Ping the secret of the Miao Cottage, Chen Ping would be scared and would retreat, but she did not expect Chen Ping to be so excited.
“I have to inform my righteous father first ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping’s mind was already made up, Xiaolan could only walk out of the villa and go to inform the Miao King.
Not long after, Xiaolan walked in, “I have already informed Yi Father, now we can set off ……”
Chen Ping nodded and followed Xiaolan out of the villa, while Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er all looked at Chen Ping worriedly.
Xiao Lan looked at the two worried looks and spat out a cold sentence, “I will do my best to keep him safe ……”
After saying this, Xiaolan herself was a little surprised, she herself did not know that unknowingly, she had followed Chen Ping and them to have feelings, which may follow her sister Wu Mei’er also have a relationship.
Chen Ping and Xiaolan rushed to the airport, then took a plane to the southwest, then to Miaozhai!
Although Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er didn’t know where Long Wu was taking them, they didn’t ask too many questions and just kept following.
On the plane, Chen Ping sat beside Xiaolan, one hand grabbing Xiaolan’s arm, his whole body almost lying close to Xiaolan’s. Although Xiaolan’s face was expressionless, she didn’t push Chen Ping away, allowing Chen Ping to rub himself against her.
Many people on the plane saw this scene and cast contemptuous glances at Chen Ping, a big man who was acting like a woman, knowing that in many couples, it could be a girl lying in the boy’s arms.