The Court of Dharma Protection!
Chen Ping’s body began to flicker with a faint golden light, followed by an aura shaped like a divine dragon that was visible to the naked eye, scurrying around inside the room, before returning to Chen Ping’s body again a moment later!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes were tightly closed as he desperately tried to suppress and channel this divine dragon power. Although he possessed the power of the divine dragon, it seemed as if it was not under his control, so he now had to tame this divine dragon power!
The Spiritual Qi that Chen Ping had absorbed was all sucked away by this Divine Dragon Force, and the Heart Condensation Skill in Chen Ping’s body was running at a rapid pace, creating a huge suction in his dantian, trying to suck that Divine Dragon Force into his dantian and refine it!
But as if it had consciousness, the divine dragon force desperately resisted the suction within Chen Ping’s dantian, just like an urchin, not obeying at all!
Just when Chen Ping felt his dantian was weak, suddenly the Heavenly Dragon Ring in his hand flickered with light, this time not in a flash, but in a constant flash!
The light shone in all directions, and the divine Dragon Force, illuminated by this light, instantly became well-behaved, and without waiting for Chen Ping to react, it dived headlong into Chen Ping’s dantian!
With his Heart Condensation Skill running, Chen Ping’s dantian began to refine this divine dragon’s power, and the next thing he knew, he felt like he was on a rocket!
A barrier was easily broken through by this divine Dragon Force, Chen Ping had never imagined that a breakthrough could be like this!
Only when the morning sun shone into the room did Chen Ping slowly open his eyes!
Chen Ping felt the aura inside him in disbelief, in just one day’s time, Chen Ping had actually crossed directly to the fifth realm of the Golden Dan, and the Golden Dan inside Chen Ping’s body was obviously much bigger at this moment!
At this moment, the aura on Chen Ping’s body, when felt by an outsider, was afraid that it was undoubtedly the same as the peak of Martial Sect!
Knock knock knock …………
At this moment, a knock sounded on the door, followed by Zhao Wuji shouting, “Mr. Chen, today is the day of the competition ……”
“I know!”
Chen Ping got up and opened the door to his room!
Zhao Wuji felt the aura on Chen Ping’s body and was instantly stunned!
“Mr. Chen, you’re …… you’ve changed too much ……”
Zhao Wuji’s strength was too low to casually feel Chen Ping’s current strength accurately, but he could clearly feel the huge change in Chen Ping’s aura between a day ago and now!
Looking at Zhao Wuji’s astonished look, Chen Ping smiled lightly, he himself hadn’t expected that this divine dragon power would be so strong!
“Let’s go ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and headed straight for the tournament venue!
At this moment, countless vehicles had already come outside the venue specially set up by the Martial Arts Union for the tournament!
Not only from the martial arts community in Kyoto, but martial artists from other places had also rushed to see what was going on!
Some people had even opened a betting game outside the venue and started placing bets on Chen Ping and Long Xiao!
“Come and buy, come and buy, one for one on Duke Long, one for ten on Chen Ping now ……”
A loudspeaker was constantly broadcasting the odds!
It was no wonder, after all, Long Xiao had been famous in the martial arts world for many years, he was the most gifted person of the younger generation, and he also studied under Master Ding Huan, plus the resources of the Long family were not comparable to those of ordinary families, so many people thought that Long Xiao would win!
“I’m sold on Duke Long winning ……”
“I’m selling for Long Gongzi to win ……”
Almost everyone was betting on Long Xiao to win, those who were optimistic about Chen Ping were minuscule!
“Paralyzed, all a bunch of dog-eyed sh*t, wait a bit for big brother Chen to beat that Long Xiao like a dead dog, see if they still buy that Long Xiao win ……”
At this time, Zhao Beng, who had already arrived at the scene, cursed through clenched teeth!
“Barging son, go and bet on Mr. Chen to win!”
Zhao Liguo said to Zhao Barging.