Puff, puff, puff…
The overwhelming pressure of heaven and earth was instantly torn apart by Chen Ping’s sword qi, and the world returned to calm!
The middle-aged man’s eyes narrowed slightly. “Fourth Grade of the Transcension Realm, yet with such strength, you’ve got some skill!”
“You haven’t even seen the full extent of my abilities yet!”
Chen Ping said with a disdainful smirk!
“Bloody hell, showing off…” The middle-aged man cursed angrily, then threw a punch!
But after throwing the punch, his expression shifted slightly, and he quickly glanced back towards Ming Shao’s direction!
It seemed he was worried that his remark about showing off might have offended Ming Shao!
Seeing that Ming Shao paid no attention, the middle-aged man let out a sigh of relief!
With that punch, Chen Ping felt the surrounding space compress instantly, as waves of terrifying sinister aura surged towards him like a tidal wave!
In that moment, Chen Ping was as if caught in the eye of a storm, battered relentlessly by countless towering waves!
These waves carried immense power, capable of tearing Chen Ping apart at any moment!
His Indestructible Golden Body radiated golden light, resisting the onslaught!
“Looks like it’s time to bring out the big guns…”
Chen Ping sheathed the Dragon-Slaying Sword, and the Divine King Bow appeared in his hands!
To counter this tidal surge of patterned sinister qi, the Divine King Bow was the perfect weapon!
The reason Chen Ping had been reluctant to use it until now was that he knew once he revealed the Divine King Bow, he’d become a target for everyone!
Even those with no grudge against him would harbour ill intentions upon seeing the Divine King Bow!
It was the classic case of an innocent man burdened by a priceless treasure!
But at this point, Chen Ping could no longer afford to care!
With the Divine King Bow in hand, Chen Ping drew the string!
An arrow slowly materialised, as the surrounding patterned sinister qi was rapidly absorbed by the Divine King Bow, transforming into a deadly projectile!
Whoosh!
A piercing whistle rang out, so sharp it pained the eardrums of everyone in the No Delusion Land!
The instant the arrow was loosed, the area around Chen Ping exploded, countless strands of sinister qi shattering and dissipating!
Ming Shao, who had been watching with an air of indifference, widened his eyes in shock the moment Chen Ping drew the Divine King Bow and fired!
“The Divine King Bow…”
Ming Shao’s gaze burned with fervor!
“The Divine King Bow…”
Even those locked in combat paused, turning their heads towards Chen Ping!
The middle-aged man frowned slightly, disbelief in his voice. “You’re using the Divine King Bow?”
“That’s right. Want to taste its power?”
Chen Ping grinned, then yanked the bowstring taut!
Between heaven and earth, countless strands of sinister qi surged towards the Divine King Bow!
A golden-glowing arrow appeared on the bow!
Whoosh!
Chen Ping fired, and the middle-aged man hurriedly unleashed bursts of protective qi. But the arrow pierced through the qi in an instant, followed by a violent explosion!
The terrifying force sent the middle-aged man reeling backwards, the void he passed through crumbling along the way!
Finally stabilising himself, the middle-aged man’s eyes were filled with astonishment. “Such formidable power, the Divine King Bow truly lives up to its name!”
With that, he suddenly transformed into a streak of light and vanished!
Almost simultaneously, Chen Ping leapt into the air!
“Think you can run?” Chen Ping notched and fired arrow after arrow towards the middle-aged man!
The middle-aged man countered with punch after punch, unleashing waves of protective qi. The arrows collided with the qi, causing the No Delusion Land to begin slowly collapsing!
Yet, when this force reached the Heaven-Ascending Ladder, it vanished without a trace. The area around the ladder remained completely unaffected!
The middle-aged man fought with growing ferocity, the demon clan blood within him erupting more and more!
But Chen Ping was starting to feel the strain!
Though the Divine King Bow was powerful, each pull drained an immense amount of his strength!
Chen Ping was gritting his teeth to hold on this long. Without the Divine King Bow, he feared he’d have already lost!