“Chen Ping, how’s it going? Did you think of a solution?”
Han Qing’er asked anxiously when she saw that Chen Ping had returned!
If Chen Ping didn’t have a solution, then they were afraid that the Purple Sky Mansion would be completely finished!
Han Fusheng couple also looked at Chen Ping nervously, no one wanted to die, if Chen Ping had a solution, then they wouldn’t have to wait for death!
Chen Ping looked at Han Qing’er’s expectant eyes, then nodded and said, “Don’t worry, tomorrow, as long as that Lu Buwei father and son dare to come, I’ll make it impossible for him to return.”
“Chen Ping, are you really sure?”Han Fusheng asked with some disbelief.
“Of course, since I said it, then I am definitely sure!”
Chen Ping said with great confidence.
Seeing Chen Ping so confident, Han Fusheng also let out a sigh of relief!
Now it was just a matter of waiting quietly for tomorrow!
In the evening, Han Fusheng left Chen Ping to stay in the Purple Sky Mansion for the night, while Long Ruotong and the girls stayed in that cave, after all, if they fought tomorrow, although Chen Ping was certain, if he really wanted to accidentally injure his own mother, Chen Ping would not be able to forgive himself!
So he let Ji Ru Xue and the others protect his mother, Chen Ping himself was in the Violet Sky Mansion to deal with Lu Buwei’s father and son who would be arriving tomorrow!
“Qing’er, you’re not young anymore, there are some things you should understand.”
“Although Chen Ping has a lot of women around him, he is a rare talent, you should grasp the opportunity ……”
“If Chen Ping really helped our Violet Sky Mansion get through this, we should also repay people.”
“Do you know what your mother and I mean?”
Han Fusheng and Anling Rong were persuading Han Qing’er!
They knew their daughter’s nature and were afraid that Han Qing’er would be resistant to Chen Ping after seeing how many women he had!
Han Qing’er slowly nodded, “Dad, mum, I know what you guys mean, I actually like Chen Ping too ……”
“Silly child, since you like it, you have to take the initiative, tonight is the night.”
“If other women around Chen Ping were present, think about it would still be your turn?”
“You don’t have any experience at all, you’ll be at a disadvantage when the time comes.”
Anling Rong hurriedly said to Han Qing’er!
Han Qing’er’s face was flushed with shame, biting her lip in death as she fiercely got up and said, “I know what to do ……”
After saying that, Han Qing’er walked out of the room, while the Han Fusheng couple looked at each other and smiled!
At this moment, Chen Ping was lying on his bed, thinking about tomorrow’s countermeasures to deal with Lu Buwei’s father and son!
The door of the room was gently pushed open, a woman’s body fragrance came, Chen Ping did not need to look to know who it was!
Chen Ping pretended to close his eyes.
Han Qing’er walked to Chen Ping naked, looking at Chen Ping who was already asleep, Han Qing’er was full of hesitation!
But in the end, she still clenched her teeth, lay down beside Chen Ping, and burrowed inside Chen Ping’s comforter!
Han Qing’er leaned her head on Chen Ping’s chest, only at this time did Han Qing’er have a sense of security.
As Chen Ping smelled Han Qing’er’s body fragrance and felt the tender skin, he, who had already tasted the sweetness, could no longer restrain the flame in his heart!
He rolled over and pressed Han Qing’er underneath him!
Han Qing’er panicked, was about to say something, but was directly blocked by Chen Ping’s mouth …………
“Ah …………”
A cry of happiness emanated from Chen Ping’s room and resounded throughout the entire Purple Heavenly Palace!
When Han Fusheng and Anling Rong heard this sound, they immediately heard that it was from their own daughters!
Both of them all heaved a sigh of relief and looked towards the room where Chen Ping was!
Only to see Chen Ping’s room, a golden light shone loudly, and the entire Purple Heavenly Mansion was almost shrouded under this golden light!
Looking at the blinding golden light, Han Fusheng’s face was filled with shock.
“This Chen Ping, is truly extraordinary, it seems that our choice was correct.”
Han Fusheng said slowly.
“That’s not true, I looked at a glance that the lad was not simple ……”
Anling Rong’s face was full of smiles, there was a kind of mother-in-law looking at her aunt, the more she looked at him, the more she liked him!