“Don’t talk nonsense to him, kill him first ……”
Ning Zhi knew that the night would be too long, so with his sword in hand, he attacked towards Chen Ping once more!
But this time, Chen Ping didn’t follow Ning Zhi’s hard resistance, instead, his body dodged the sharp sword!
Just as Chen Ping’s body dodged Ning Zhi’s sword attack, then Gu Kaiyuan’s tyrannical strong qi attacked!
Gu Kaiyuan had calculated the timing of Chen Ping’s dodge, and then when Chen Ping had just dodged the attack and had not yet stood still, he launched a sudden attack, leaving Chen Ping defenceless!
Sure enough, this time Gu Kaiyuan was able to strike again and smashed Chen Ping more than ten metres away!
Chen Ping’s face turned grave as he was now under attack!
Chen Ping did not adjust his breath this time, but slightly flipped the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, followed by a swaying of his body, and another Chen Ping soon appeared!
Then three, four, five …………
Five identical Chen Ping’s stood opposite Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan, all with identical auras, and it was impossible to tell which was Chen Ping’s original body by his aura.
Faced with five identical Chen Ping, Gu Kaiyuan was suddenly somewhat dumbfounded, but that Ning Zhi did smile coldly, “I didn’t expect you to have learned Watanabe Ichiro’s Nine Shadow Divine Techniques, but these illusionary techniques are only worth bluffing other people, they are not worth mentioning in front of me ……”
“Is that so? Then let’s try it!”
Chen Ping said, and the first sword of the Nine Shadows Sword Technique went straight towards Ning Zhi!
Five terrifying streaks of sword Qi caused the surrounding heaven and earth to change colour!
Ning Zhi smiled coldly as his eyes faintly stared, the sword in his hand emitting a humming sound!
He knew that only one of these five sword qi was powerful, the others were not worth mentioning!
All he had to do was to find the most powerful one and block it with a single blow!
Unfortunately, the five streaks of sword qi flew towards Ning Zhi, and when they reached Ning Zhi’s face, Ning Zhi’s face became unsightly!
Because he found that these five sword qi all contained a great killing intent, each one seemingly capable of shattering him!
The helpless Ning Zhi could only block the sword in his hand in front of his body, and a faint white light appeared in front of Ning Zhi, forming a shield!
Clang …………
There was a loud sound, the entire Dragon Locking Island seemed to tremble, while Ning Zhi’s body flew straight out, his body hitting the ground heavily!
This sudden turn of events caused even Gu Kaiyuan to be taken aback!
“Ning Gongzi ……”
Gu Kaiyuan hurriedly ran over and helped Ning Zhi up.
Ning Zhi wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and said with a fierce look in his eyes, “D*mn, this kid’s doppelganger actually contains powerful qi as well, this is much stronger than that Watanabe Ichiro, let’s go together ……”
The sword in Ning Zhi’s hand flashed with light, and then a huge ball of light seemed to rise from the tip of the sword, and a terrifying aura enveloped Ning Zhi’s entire body!
Seeing this, Gu Kaiyuan also clenched his fists, and under the augmentation of that compa*s, Gu Kaiyuan’s fists also turned into two balls of light!
Dang ……
Several balls of light headed directly towards Chen Ping, who gritted his teeth and swung the Dragon Cutting Sword fiercely in his hand, five streaks of sword Qi once again swung out to ward off the attacks of Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan!
In an instant, several auras collided into each other with a violent explosion!
The dust stirred up blotted out the sky like an aerial bomb exploding!
Poof ……
Chen Ping’s body hit the ground heavily as a mouthful of blood gushed out, and several shadow doppelgangers instantly disappeared!
Although Chen Ping had a shadow doppelganger and the shadow doppelganger also had strength, the spiritual energy consumed by the shadow doppelganger also came from within Chen Ping’s dantian!
In that case, the spiritual energy within Chen Ping’s dantian would be directly consumed five times, and he would not be able to support it at all!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s chest was sunken, his ribs were obviously broken, and the spiritual energy in his dantian was almost depleted!