After obtaining the divine soul, the three people instantly disappeared, unwilling to follow Chen Ping for a minute!
As the three walked back, Chen Ping gazed at the Beast City in front of him, the huge Beast City was like a bloody mouth lying across the vastness of the earth!
Chen Ping approached towards the Beast City, but just when he was still some distance away from the Beast City, there was a sudden fluctuation of aura, and immediately after that, Chen Ping’s body was actually falling rapidly!
Chen Ping instantly panicked a little, not understanding what this was all about, the aura within his body seemed to have been blocked by something, causing his body to start falling!
Although without the protection of spiritual energy, Chen Ping’s physical body falling to the ground would not cause any problems, after all, Chen Ping’s physical body was now also strong enough to be invulnerable to swords and spears!
But it would be too humiliating if he fell like this and came to a dog shit!
“Flying is not allowed within a hundred miles of Beast City, you guys don’t know to observe the distance, if you force your way into flying within a hundred miles, the law enforcement team will be here!”
As Chen Ping was descending, a girl dressed in red with a sword in her hand said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping saw that the girl was not far from him and was falling from the air!
And there were also other cultivators that were all falling towards the ground at the same distance!
It looked like only Chen Ping himself was being forced to fall!
“I was just a little preoccupied and wasn’t paying attention!”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained!
He was really afraid that these people would suspect his identity and know that he was not from Beast City at all!
After all, it was impossible for someone from Beast City to not even know the rules of Beast City!
After landing on the ground, numerous cultivators walked towards Beast City!
Chen Ping saw these people, most of them were Transition Realm cultivators, and the one with the lowest realm was the girl who had just spoken to him, a Transition Realm 3rd Grade cultivator!
“Seeing that your realm isn’t too low, you need to pay more attention in the future, if you are caught by the law enforcement team, you will be stripped of your skin even if you don’t die.”
The girl reminded Chen Ping!
“Thanks for the reminder, I will pay more attention.”Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“What are you doing in Beast City? Visiting friends and family, or are you trying to sell something?”
The girl asked to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping thought for a moment and then said, “I’m going to sell something, what about you ……”
“I’m also going to sell something, and on the way, I’m going to see my brother, my brother was arrested by the law enforcement team and put in the prison, it will take another hundred years before he can be released.”
The girl said!
Perhaps remembering her brother, the girl’s expression became a little downcast!
Chen Ping just glanced at the girl and did not say anything more, but walked straight towards Beast City!
Chen Ping was not a cultivator of the Beast City, so he did not want to talk much, after all, too many words would be too much, if someone knew his identity, then it would be troublesome!
The girl saw that Chen Ping was not talking anymore, so she quickly stepped after him, ”What are you going to sell in Beast City? The Immortal Herbs in Beast City can’t even be sold for a good price right now.”
“I got lucky this time and got a little bit of Spirit Ore, I heard that it’s worth a lot of money in Beast City ……”
The girl said, taking out a Spirit Ore that was the size of a fist from within her own storage bag!
Chen Ping glanced at it and instantly stopped in his tracks!
Chen Ping carefully surveyed the Spirit Ore in the girl’s hand, then asked, “Are you able to trade this Spirit Ore in Beast City?”
“Of course, this is Immortal Spirit Ore, it’s very valuable within Beast City, a lot of acquisitions, I heard that the City Lord ordered the acquisition.”The girl said!
Chen Ping had long since seen that it was Immortal Spirit Stone, at this time Chen Ping’s body still had a lot of these Immortal Spirit Stones, all of which he had got from that Luo Ta’s storage bag!
However, Chen Ping did not expect that this Beast City also had this kind of Immortal Spirit Stone!
“Is this the only Immortal Spirit Stone you found?”Chen Ping continued to ask!
“This one piece is pretty good, right now the mountains are filled with people looking for Immortal Spirit Stones, see all these people entering the city, most of them are there to sell Immortal Spirit Stones.”