“What? Your Long Family can’t even invite someone from the Pill God Valley?”
Seeing Long Jingguo’s ugly face, Venerable Ding Huan asked.
“Ai, dissatisfied Venerable Ding Huan, when we invited people from the Pill God Valley, the Pill God Valley has not refused, but this time I am afraid it will be difficult, that Pill God Valley does not know what kind of relationship it has following that Chen Ping, this time the competition is actually on Chen Ping’s team.”
“If we go to the Pill God Valley to invite someone now, won’t we be asking for trouble?”
Long Jingguo sighed and said somewhat helplessly.
“Is there such a thing?”
Venerable Ding Huan frowned slightly, but then said, “In that case, then I will go there personally, no matter what relationship that Pill God Valley has with Chen Ping, I believe that I should always be given some face.”
“Then I am really grateful to Venerable Ding Huan, Venerable Ding Huan for appearing, how could the Pill God Valley not give face ……”
Long Jingguo said with a look of excitement.
Venerable Ding Huan left after following Long Xiao with a few words.
After Venerable Ding Huan left back, Long Jingguo looked at Long Xingxu and asked, “Have those a*sa*sins from the Watanabe family already entered the country?”
Long Xingxu nodded, “Yes, they are already in Kyoto, and in the past two days the Dharma Protector Pavilion is looking for these killers everywhere, and I heard that Mr. Shi is very angry and is also secretly tracking down who received these killers in.”
“Hmph, there’s no need to find out, it must be the Martial Alliance who received them in, that Zhu Zhishan wants Chen Ping’s life the most.”
Long Jingguo snorted coldly and said.
“But Family Head, there are some recent rumors that our Long Family secretly colluded with the Watanabe Clan to secretly bring in those a*sa*sins, in order to kill Chen Ping and avenge the Eldest Young Master ……”
Long Xingxu said.
“Bullsh*t!” Long Jingguo cursed angrily, “If I want to kill that Chen Ping, why do I need to get the a*sa*sins from the Watanabe family, don’t we have anyone from the Long family? Only Zhu Zhishan and those people, for the sake of their bullsh*t reputation, so they would do such a thing ……”
But cursing aside, Long Jingguo was still worried that such a rumour would make the officials put their eyes on him.
After all, something like this was no joke, and if he was caught with evidence, he might be in danger of being killed!
“You post a statement in the martial arts forum for our Long Family, severely condemning the collusion with the island a*sa*sins, and also send someone to spy on that Chen Ping’s movements, and once you know where he’s landed, put the word out ……”
Long Jingguo continued to say to Long Xingxu.
If those island a*sa*sins could really kill Chen Ping, Long Jingguo would not need to personally send his own men to do it, the last time he sent several guardians, they were not heard from afterwards, so they were obviously killed by Chen Ping.
“Yes!” Long Xingxu nodded his head.
“Go and bring me my Tiger Tendon Whip ……”
Long Jingguo commanded.
Long Xingxu nodded, he knew that Long Jingguo wanted the Tiger Tendon Whip, he must be going towards Long Ruotong to take out his anger.
Chen Ping was Long Ruotong’s son, and now that Chen Ping had beaten Long Xiao like this, Long Jingguo could only take it out on his own sister.
Soon, Long Xingxu took the Tiger Tendon Whip and followed Long Jingguo to the dungeon of the Long Family!
Inside the dimly lit dungeon, Long Ruotong sat dumbfounded, if she didn’t have such a tug on Chen Ping deep inside, she might not have lasted so many years.
She didn’t want to die and never see her son again!
This was also the reason why Long Butler risked his life at that time to tell Long Ruitong the news about Chen Ping, he just hoped that Long Ruitong could persevere.
As long as one perseveres, there is hope ……
The door to the dungeon was opened and Long Jingguo slowly walked in, with Long Xingxu following behind him with his tiger tendon whip, not daring to look directly at Long Rutong!
Long Ruotong was locked up here, few people in the entire Long family knew about it, Long Xingxu was considered the only one in the younger generation of the Long family who knew about it, even Long Xiao didn’t know that his own aunt, was locked up inside the dungeon.