Elder Tu, on the other hand, had led his men to prepare to go after Elder Yu and the others!
But just as Chen Ping followed the man for a few steps, the corner of his mouth suddenly lifted, and his originally colourless eyes now revealed a touch of grimness!
Swish!
The Dragon Cutting Sword suddenly appeared in Chen Ping’s hand, followed by a chop!
This chop directly chopped off the head of the man walking in front!
The man was simply too late to have any reaction!
He had always thought that Chen Ping was under control at the moment, so he had let his guard down, who could have thought that Chen Ping was faking it!
“Stinking fools, you fell for it, just a few demonic souls and still want to control me, it’s a joke ……”
Chen Ping yelled towards Elder Tu, then kicked the man’s head in front of Elder Tu!
Elder Tu had originally led his men to chase after Elder Yu and the others, when he suddenly heard Chen Ping’s voice and turned to look, a black shadow attacked!
Elder Tu reached out and grabbed it, only to realise that it was actually the heads of his own men!
And after Chen Ping smiled disdainfully towards Elder Tu, his figure instantly disappeared!
Elder Tu was going to die of anger!
The few demonic souls that he had managed to cultivate with great difficulty had not harmed Chen Ping in the slightest.
Instead, he had allowed Chen Ping to be deceived and killed his own men with a single sword!
“Kid, I will definitely kill you, definitely …………”
Elder Tu roared angrily and chased towards Chen Ping!
Those disciples of the Ghost Face Sect also chased after him when they saw this!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, executed his Royal Fire Steps and hurriedly chased towards Elder Yu and the others!
If it was only Elder Yu and the rest of them, they were afraid that there was no way to stop Huo Yuanting and the others!
He knew that the people from the Two Yi Sect were also there, but they were masters of formations, so if they had laid down a formation, there was no way for Elder Yu and the others to break it!
Chen Ping quickly chased after them in the direction of Elder Yu!
However, when Chen Ping caught up with Elder Yu and the others, he found that Elder Yu and the others were all blocked by the river of magma in front of them!
Looking at the flowing magma in front of him, Chen Ping was surprisingly filled with excitement, knowing that these magmas could be filled with the Earth’s Core Fire!
Chen Ping could absorb the flames within these magmas and enhance his Heart of Earth Flame!
Only, right now, Chen Ping did not have the time to slowly absorb it!
“Senior brother, are you alright?”
Seeing Chen Ping catching up, Zhu Ling asked with concern!
“Senior sister, I’m fine!” Chen Ping shook his head, then asked, “Can’t we leap over this magma river?”
“Can’t get across, just now a disciple tried and was directly engulfed by the flames, the flames within this magma river are too powerful.”
Elder Yu said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping carefully looked at that magma river, if he had the time, he would be able to absorb all the flames within this magma, but right now he did not have the time!
The people from the Ghost Face Sect were chasing after him and should be able to catch up soon!
Chen Ping tentatively approached towards that magma river, when Chen Ping’s body was close to the magma river, suddenly a large amount of flames erupted within the magma river!
“Senior brother, be careful ……”
Seeing this, Zhu Ling loudly reminded Chen Ping!
However, the flames would not cause any harm to Chen Ping, after all, Chen Ping had already refined the Earth’s Heart Flame, even if he entered the magma at this moment, he would not be done anything!
Chen Ping could pass through the river of magma without anything happening, but how would the others get through?
Just as Chen Ping was at a loss, he suddenly thought of something, and then a white flame pulsed in his palm!
Immediately after, Chen Ping slowly struck this white flame into the Magma River!
In an instant, the magma within the Magma River stopped flowing, and even the rising flames stopped pulsing!
Everyone who saw this scene all looked at Chen Ping in shock, they could not understand how on earth Chen Ping had managed to do this!
“Hurry up and pass, I won’t be able to hold on for long!”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly said!