Just as Chen Ping was making his breakthrough in the cave, thousands of kilometres away in Kyoto.
Ning Hai, the family head of the Ning Family, had come out of seclusion.
After leaving the gate, Ning Dahai looked at the Ning Family, which was already in ruins, and his entire person was furious.
“What the hell is going on? What the hell is going on here?”
Ning Hai roared in anger.
And to the side, Ning Zhi, who was covered by a black scarf, carefully walked over to Ning Hai: “Dad, all of this was done by that Chen Ping, he destroyed our Ning Family, and I almost died at his hands.”
Ning Zhi’s voice was filled with a gloomy low tone.
Ning Dahai frowned slightly, looking at the Ning Zhi in front of him, he always felt as if his son had changed.
“In broad daylight, what are you up to?”
Ning Hai froze in his tracks as he ripped off Ning Zhi’s black scarf.
He found that half of Ning Zhi’s face had been deformed, like a skeleton, and his appearance was very frightening.
All the injuries on Ning Zhi’s body had been repaired, only the injuries on his face had not been healed.
There was also a leg, and he was walking with a limp.
Looking at his son turning into this inhuman and ghostly appearance, Ning Hai almost didn’t go crazy.
“Chen Ping? I don’t care if he escapes to the ends of the earth, I must kill him ……”
“Go and find out, go and find out where this Chen Ping is right now?”
Ning Dahai roared in anger, the terrifying aura from his body shot up to the sky, and the birds that flew by from then on were instantly shaken off by this aura.
………………
In the south, the Red Lotus Palace!
Chen Ping did not know about Ning Dahai’s exit from the cave, nor did he know that Ning Dahai was checking him out and had been cultivating within the cave.
On the ninth day, Chen Ping still hadn’t managed to break through, at which point Chen Ping had stopped cultivating and walked out of the cave!
“It seems that forcing a breakthrough like this won’t work, it still needs an opportunity to do so!”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but shake his head.
“Big Brother Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping come out of the cave, Xiao Min hurriedly shouted out.
“Xiaomin, why are you here?”
Chen Ping felt a little surprised when he saw Xiao Min coming to him, “Did someone from the Sacred Beast Palace come?”
“Yeah, it’s coming ……”
Xiao Min nodded her head.
When Chen Ping heard this, his face changed slightly, “Take me there quickly, how is your sister?”
Xiao Min looked at Chen Ping’s nervous look and covered her mouth with a smile.
“Brother Chen, do you like my sister?”
Xiaomin asked with a smile.
Chen Ping was stunned, “Why do you say that?”
“Look at yourself being nervous, my sister is fine, don’t worry about it.”
“Then the people from the Sacred Beast Palace are here, but only one person came, saying that they want to invite you to the Sacred Beast Palace.”
Xiao Min said.
“Invite me to the Sacred Beast Palace?”
Chen Ping was a little puzzled, he had no involvement following the Sacred Beast Palace, what was the Sacred Beast Palace doing inviting him over?
“Let’s go, Elder Xiao of the Sacred Beast Palace is waiting for you!”
Xiao Min pulled Chen Ping towards the Red Lotus Palace’s main hall.
“Big Brother Chen, my sister is the Palace Master, there is no way she can marry you, our Red Lotus Palace’s rules state that the Palace Master cannot get married.”
“But you can be your little lover, I see that my sister also likes you quite a lot and you care about her so much, you can stay in the Red Lotus Palace from now on!”
“How nice it is to be out with my sister, and we are all beautiful women here, isn’t that what you men like most?”
Xiao Min said with a wicked smile as she looked at Chen Ping.
“What are you talking nonsense at such a young age? I’ll tell your sister later and let him clean you up!”
Chen Ping lightly smacked Xiaomin on the head.
The Red Lotus Palace was indeed a place where every man looked outwards, but Chen Ping would not stay here, he still had a lot of things to do.
Soon, Chen Ping followed Minnie to the main hall and saw Ji Ru Xue chatting with a middle-aged man.
Seeing Chen Ping arrive, Ji Ru Xue hurriedly rose and said, “Mr. Chen, this is Elder Xiao of the Sacred Beast Palace, who has come here especially to invite you.”