Because it was so sudden, Chen Ping did not expect this old man to suddenly strike, and for a moment, he did not even react!
On the contrary, it was the jade pendant worn by Lin Keting that violently erupted with a red light, causing the old man to be stunned!
It was only then that Chen Ping and Lin Keting reacted, and their bodies retreated sharply, retreating to the fourth floor!
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?”
Seeing Chen Ping and Lin Keting running down just after going up, and their faces not looking right, Cen Biqing hurriedly asked!
“Upstairs is a hunchbacked old man, we just went up and suddenly made a move on us!”
Lin Ke Ting said angrily!
“Hunchbacked old man?”Old Black was dumbfounded!
“That guy is no less than the False Dragon lineage, he’s really able to disguise himself, I guess that appearance is also a disguise.”
Chen Ping said!
“Mr Chen, are you able to determine that that fellow is also a dragon race?”Cen Biqing asked.
“It’s the Dragon Race, I went to the fifth floor and checked, I just didn’t expect this guy to suddenly sneak attack.”
Chen Ping nodded and said!
“Pity my life preserving jade pendant ……”
Lin Keting held her cracked jade pendant with a sad expression!
Just now, if it wasn’t for the Life Preserving Jade Pendant suddenly activating, the two of them would have been poisoned by that old man!
“Miss Lin, I’m sorry ah ……”
Chen Ping said with some embarrassment!
Anyways, it was Lin Keting’s jade pendant that saved him just now!
“Forget it, it’s not just to save yourself, this jade pendant was supposed to save my life. ”
“The big deal is that when I go back, I’ll let my master give me one.”
“What are we going to do next? I guess there’s no way to go up there.”
Lin Keting asked!
“We can only go back, I’ll try to see if I can get Miss Qing and Old Black out.”
Chen Ping said!
“Many thanks Mr Chen ……”
Old Black and Cen Biqing were excited when they heard this!
This if they left this tower, they would be free and never have to be trapped here again!
“Old Black, Mr Chen has helped us like this, why don’t you give Mr Chen and the others a share of your treasures!”
Cen Biqing said to Old Black!
Chen Ping was probably too embarrassed to ask for it directly, after all, they were all dragons, so Cen Biqing could only open her mouth!
Old Black froze, then said with a bitter face, “Those treasures are not mine at all, I can’t get them ah, from the time I was suppressed here, these treasures existed, maybe they are the treasures of the last person who was suppressed?”
“Not yours?”
Chen Ping and the others looked at that old black man at the same time!
They had always thought that those glittering treasures were Old Black’s, but they did not expect this fellow to say that they were not his!
In this way, Chen Ping was curious about these treasures, since they were ownerless, it would be fine for him to take them all!
“Mr Chen, you have to be careful, just now that Thunder Beast just went to take the treasures and was directly beaten to death.”
Ji Yun hurriedly reminded!
“That’s none of my business, it wasn’t me, these treasures look like they’re in front of you, but in fact they’re all in another space, so the only way to get them is to enter, it’s impossible to get them by going directly to get them like that.”
Old Black hurriedly clarified!
The person who had just beaten the Thunder Beast to its divine form was not him!
“Then what exactly was the last person imprisoned here?”
Cen Biqing asked curiously!
“I’m not sure, I haven’t touched these things anyway ……”
Old Black shook his head and said!
Chen Ping slowly walked to those treasures, then opened the Heavenly Underworld Eyes!
Under the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, all of these treasures surprisingly became dull and lightless, and were not treasures at all!
“These are all deceptive?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, then grabbed towards a treasure!
“Don’t grab ……”
Seeing this, Lin Keting, who was on the side, stepped forward and pulled Chen Ping, wanting to stop him!
However, just as she was pulling Chen Ping, Chen Ping had already grabbed the treasure!