After the doll was hit by the essence blood, a black smoke rose up and a child with a hideous face and two fangs appeared.
This startled Zhao Beng and the others. Although they were all martial artists, they had never seen such a thing before, so they all stepped backwards.
“Backing up?” Chen Ping couldn’t help but faintly stare after seeing the appearance of the child with a hideous face, and quickly reacted and shouted to Zhao Barging, “This ghost baby is poisonous, flash away ……”
Hearing Chen Ping’s shout, Zhao Barging and the others backed up.
But there was still one of his men who backed up too slowly, only to see a black shadow flash by, and the ghost baby grabbed directly on that man’s shoulder, and two fangs ruthlessly pierced inside his body.
“Ah ……”
That man of Zhao Barging screamed miserably.
A burst of Yin Qi, along with the ghost baby’s fangs, directly invaded the man’s body, and soon, that Zhao family man’s whole body turned black and black, and his eyes were wide open, revealing extreme panic.
Slowly, the man stopped crying out and his entire body hunched to the ground, while the ghostly infant quickly headed towards its next target.
Seeing this scene, whether it was Zhao Beng or Cheng Kun, or Xuan Yuan Kai, they were all surprised.
Even Qin Xiaoxian, who was hiding in the shadows, was startled, as he did not expect this evil cultivator to have such strength after being seriously injured.
He felt a little bit scared, he still wanted to drop the stone and kill this evil cultivator when he left, if he really did it, he was afraid that he would be the one to die.
At this moment, Chen Ping glared at his feet and his entire body rose up in the air, heading straight for the ghostly infant.
Boom!
With a muffled sound, Chen Ping directly kicked the ghost infant and sent it flying.
The ghost infant landed next to the man in the suit and its breath became very weak.
Originally, the ghost infant and the evil cultivator were one and the same, but now the man in the suit was seriously injured, his strength was greatly damaged, and he had forcibly sacrificed the ghost infant, again using up his true essence, so he was one step closer to death.
However, it can be seen that the man in the suit is also holding the heart of certain death, so he sacrificed the ghost baby.
“What the …… hell is this?”
Zhao Beng asked to Chen Ping with a face full of horror.
“This is a ghost infant, every evil cultivator can cultivate their own native ghost infant, but only when they reach the realm of Martial Sect, this guy’s ghost infant is so huge, I’m afraid it’s going to reach the realm of fourth grade Martial Sect?”
Chen Ping said with a tight frown.
If this guy hadn’t been injured by the ice dragon, it really wouldn’t be easy for them people to deal with him.
The man in the suit slowly climbed up and fiercely opened his mouth, the ghostly infant instantly turned into a puff of black smoke and entered the man’s body, while the man in the suit had an additional puppet in his hand again.
The man in the suit put the puppet back into his coat pocket, then lifting a mouthful of true qi, he slowly stepped backwards.
And his eyes looked towards the place where Qin Xiaoxian and the others were hiding.
“Is this how you align yourselves with me? Standing idly by and trying to reap the benefits?”
The man in the suit angrily questioned at Qin Xiaoxian.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly dispersed his divine sense and immediately discovered the place where Qin Xiaoxian and the others were hiding.
Just now, Chen Ping had been focusing his attention on the man in the suit and had not thought that there was someone else hiding here.
When Qin Xiaoxian saw that there was no way he could continue to hide, he led his men out of their hiding place.
The man in the suit looked at Qin Xiaoxian with anger in his eyes.
“What are you talking about, my Qin family is a famous and righteous clan, how could we possibly follow you evil cultivators and ally with you, don’t you slander me ……”
Now that the man in the suit had been seriously injured and had lost his use, how could Qin Xiaoxian possibly admit to allying with him.
When the man in the suit heard this, his anger instantly burned: “Good, so out of line, and still dare to say that you are a famous sect, shameless thing ……”