Inside the room, Tang Hongying greeted Su Yuqi, which made Su Yuqi more or less restrained, while Chen Ping went around several rooms, his heart all full of memories!
“Chen Ping, this house will be demolished soon, let’s have a look at it, after it’s demolished, the whole village won’t know where to go!”
Tang Hongying saw Chen Ping going around the various rooms, so she said with a sigh.
“Mom, isn’t the demolition arranging resettlement houses for the people?”
Chen Ping was stunned and asked Tang Hongying.
“Who arranged it for you? Don’t think about that kind of beautiful thing, not even rental subsidies, the village ancestors have lived here for generations, now demolished, a family only a hundred thousand demolition money, other villages are still less, but there is no place to justify it, your father and I just packed up the house, spent a lot of money, did not think so soon to be demolished!”
Tang Hongying looked very despondent!
“Mom, if the house is demolished, you and my dad can go back to Hongcheng and live there, anyway, the house in Pan Long Bay has been vacant, I don’t even have time to live there!”
Chen Ping said comfortingly to Tang Hongying.
Tang Hongying gave Chen Ping a look, “Chen Ping, let me tell you, although Yu Qi’s family is rich and can lend you that big house, but you can’t just do nothing, when Yu Qi is with you, you can’t keep spending her money, right? You’re a man!”
“Auntie, you misunderstand, actually …………”
“Mom, I know, I’ll definitely do a good job!” Chen Ping directly interrupted Su Yuqi’s words, not letting her say anything further.
“Only Yuqi doesn’t mind our family, you must treat people well, if I know you’ve done something wrong to Yuqi, I’ll disown you as a son!” Tang Hongying was so fond of Su Yuqi that she casually barked at Chen Ping!
She was a young lady who didn’t mind that their family was poor and had a good personality, a girl like that was really hard to find!
“Auntie, Chen Ping treats me quite well, if he dares to wrong me, I’ll pull his ears!”
Su Yuqi smiled and followed Tang Hongying.
“Yes, pull his ears hard, when the time comes, you tell auntie, auntie will pull his ears for you too!”
Tang Hongying also said with a smile.
“Mom, am I still your son, you guys are working together to bully me!”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, but inside he was filled with happiness!
“Hahahaha …………”
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping like that and laughed out loud!
“Brother Chen Ping, Brother Chen Ping …………”
This was, a girl’s voice outside was calling out to Chen Ping!
As soon as Chen Ping heard the voice, he knew it was Chen Yingxia, so he ran out!
Chen Yingxia is a few years younger than Chen Ping, plus the two families are from the same village, so since childhood, Chen Yingxia has been following Chen Ping like a fidget, and in order to protect Chen Yingxia, Chen Ping has often fought with others, the two siblings have a very good relationship!
But it had been many years since they had met, so Chen Ping missed his cousin!
When Chen Ping ran out of the room, he saw a tall girl of over five metres, with a ponytail tied around her head and two shallow dimples when she smiled.
“Yingxia?” Chen Ping shouted out tentatively!
“Brother Chen Ping, you don’t recognize me now?”
Chen Yingxia said with a smile.
“I really don’t dare to recognize you, you’ve grown so fast, you’re as tall as me!”
Chen Ping was surprised as he circled around Chen Yingxia and then compared his head!
It had been four or five years since the two of them had seen each other, back then Chen Yingxia was just a little girl of fourteen or fifteen, but now she was a big girl!
“You’re the one who’s growing slowly, in another two years I’ll be bigger than you!” Chen Yingxia raised her head and said, “I just heard from Aunt San at the entrance of the village that you’ve come back, you bought the big Mercedes outside, right?”
“A friend’s!” Chen Ping said with a smile!