“Master, what’s wrong?”
Seeing a change in Chen Ping’s expression, Yumiko hurriedly asked.
“A guest has arrived ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile.
“A guest?” Yumiko looked towards the door in confusion and then followed Chen Ping’s gaze, but saw nothing.
“Master, there’s no one there?”
Yumiko asked in confusion.
“There will be soon!”
Chen Ping said, suddenly reaching forward and grabbing his hand, an invisible force instantly erupted and blasted towards the fence.
A black shadow suddenly flashed across the originally empty fence, jumping straight off the fence and backing up in a hurry!
“Someone’s breaking in. ……”
Yumiko saw this and shouted straight away!
Those from the Watanabe clan saw this and chased after them, Watanabe Fumio also ran out, his brow furrowed as he went straight after them!
Soon after the chase, they heard the sound of a fight, and immediately afterwards they saw a man in a tight suit being escorted back by Fumio Watanabe!
The man was caught, but he was still calm and did not seem to be afraid!
“Who are you? Why did you sneak into my Watanabe house?”
Watanabe Fumio asked at the man.
The man gave Watanabe Fumio a cold look but didn’t say anything, instead he flicked his head around to reveal a tattoo on his neck!
The tattoo was in the shape of a scorpion with a long tail, as if it was stabbed deep inside the skin!
Seeing this tattoo, Watanabe Fumio’s face suddenly changed abruptly.
“A poisonous scorpion? You are Mieko’s men?”
Watanabe Fumio asked in surprise.
The man sneered, “Now that you know, why don’t you quickly let me go? Or else our Lord Miezi will not let you go.”
The man’s arrogant demeanour made Chen Ping feel very uncomfortable!
“Watanabe Fumio, who is this Mieko?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Back to master, this Mieko is the head of an intelligence department under Chizuru Shrine, specializing in gathering information for the shrine and spying on some clans under the shrine.”
“This department is filled with some high-ranking ninja, because Mieko is pretty but ruthless, plus her ninja under her, each of them has a scorpion tattoo, so many people call her the snake scorpion beauty.”
Watanabe Fumio followed Chen Ping in detail as he explained!
“It seems that this is the shrine has already suspected you ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“I suppose so!” Watanabe Fumio nodded his head!
“Watanabe Fumio, you better let me go, our Lord Mieko is right behind us and will be here soon.”
The man still didn’t feel his dangerous situation, and was actually threatening Fumio Watanabe!
“You’re not afraid of death?”
Chen Ping asked curiously when he saw that the man was caught and was still so arrogant.
“Hmph, there isn’t a single one of us who is afraid of death when we endure.”
The man snorted coldly, his gaze very cold and disdainful!
“Very well, I like people who are not afraid of death the most ……”
Chen Ping said it, with a flick of his hand, a force instantly wrapped the man up!
The man only felt his body tighten, followed by his breathing starting to become difficult, and his face suffocating red!
“Master Hu, this guy is in your hands, but don’t let him die easily, because he’s not afraid of death ……”
Chen Ping bellowed softly.
Only to see Pocky Hu leap out from inside the villa and stretch out, “You guy, you’re looking for me even for this trivial matter ……”
After saying that, Hu Pazzi pulled out a talisman, simply recited a few incantations and threw it directly onto the man’s body!
Soon, from all sides, dense ants and bugs began to crawl out, surprisingly directly surrounding the man.
Immediately afterwards, the man’s screams spread throughout the villa!