The spirit boat sailed forward quickly, while Chen Ping and the others met the spirit boat!
At a distance of only a few miles, Chen Ping and the others stopped!
“Devil cultivators? This spirit boat is actually filled with devil cultivators!”
Chen Wenliang detected the other party’s aura!
“These devil cultivators, they are surprisingly undisguised, could it be that the said pirates are these guys?”
Zhong Qi was also puzzled, how come these devil cultivators didn’t conceal their aura?
It should be known that the status of a devil cultivator in the Celestial Realm was very low, so many devil cultivators hid their identities and concealed their scent!
But now these demonic cultivators had come over without any concealment!
“Should we inform the others and flee first?”
Chen Wenliang saw that the other party were all demonic cultivators and became nervous!
“No need for now, let’s see what happens!”
Chen Ping shook his head!
Chen Ping had known quite a few demonic cultivators, not all demonic cultivators were bad people and would harm others!
It was just that the Celestial Human Realm had put a filter on the devil cultivators, in the Celestial Demon Mountain, there were quite a few devil cultivator clans, and they were still surviving just the same!
Devil cultivators follow the human cultivators also the same common life, there is no difference!
Since these devil cultivators came over without any concealment, there shouldn’t be anything going on!
Now even if they escape, there is simply no way to escape, Chen Ping decided to take a gamble!
Betting that the demonic cultivators on this spirit boat would not harm them!
Soon, the spirit boat arrived in front of Chen Ping and the others, while Elder Liu, seeing this, shouted out, ”Fellow Daoists ahead, I wonder why you are staying here? This place is very close to the stormy sea, it’s very dangerous, so leave as soon as you can!”
This Elder Liu surprisingly did not invite Chen Ping and the others to board the ship, but instead told Chen Ping to leave quickly.
This was obviously using the set of desire to capture and then indulge!
However, the effect was indeed obvious, seeing this Elder Liu say this, Chen Wenliang and also Zhong Yi were slightly relieved!
“Fellow Daoist, we were travelling through this place and our spirit boat was damaged, so there was no way to leave.”
Chen Wenliang said truthfully!
“Since this is the case, let’s invite a few of you to talk on the boat!”
Only then did Elder Liu invite Chen Ping and the others to board the boat!
After Chen Ping and the others steadily landed on the boat, Chen Wenliang then introduced himself, “I am Chen Wenliang, the President of the Central Region Apothecary Association, I wonder what is the status of fellow Daoist ah?”
When Elder Liu heard this, he then smiled helplessly and said, “You should also be able to tell that all of us are demonic cultivators, right now the Celestial Realm is very unfriendly towards us demonic cultivators, and everyone is shouting at us everywhere.”
“There’s no choice but for us people to get together, we can only live in this remote sea, and we don’t have any sects, we are all just trying to stay alive.”
“Because I am the strongest here, they all address me as Elder Liu ……”
Elder Liu directly admitted his identity, and it didn’t look like he was lying!
After all, Elder Liu had a bearded face and looked loyal and honest, so he spoke with high credibility!
Seeing this Elder Liu say this, Chen Wenliang and Zhong Yi both became a little embarrassed!
They once also hated demonic cultivators with a passion, and everyone shouted at them!
However, thinking back, it seems that the devil cultivator has not harmed them anything, this kind of hatred should be passed down from the time of the God-Devil War!
But after all, it’s been thousands of years, and devil cultivators aren’t necessarily all bad people!
“Boss Liu, have you guys been living on a boat all these years?”
Zhong Qi asked with some disbelief!
“That’s not true, hundreds of miles from here, there is a small island, we all live on top of that island.”
“When there’s nothing else to do, we would go out to the sea to catch demonic beasts, this time the stormy seas blew up, we came over to pick up the treasures.”
Elder Liu said!
“There really is a small island nearby, I wonder if you can take us to the island to rest for a while?”
“We have quite a few other Daoists who can only float in mid-air with no place to land!”
Chen Wenliang hurriedly asked!
At this point in time, Chen Wenliang had already trusted this Elder Liu!