Because he realized that this girl actually looked exactly like Xiao Ru, he couldn’t even call it the same, it should be Xiao Ru!
“Xiao Ru, Xiao Ru …………”
Chen Ping rushed up like a madman, Xiao Ru was frozen in ice because she had saved her.
Chen Ping had been blaming himself, he wanted to get Xiao Ru out!
But he didn’t expect to see Xiao Ru appear from here.
Only no matter how much Chen Ping shouted, Xiao Ru didn’t respond and everyone couldn’t see him!
But soon, Xiao Ru suddenly looked around, as if she had heard Chen Ping’s shout!
With an excited face, Chen Ping shouted out again desperately.
But just as Chen Ping shouted out, a deafening sound was heard from outside, and immediately afterwards the whole palace began to shake.
Everyone’s faces tightened and they drew their weapons immediately afterwards, even Xiao Ru also drew her weapon with a look of death.
It was as if these people knew what was about to happen!
On the pillars on both sides of the palace, two dragons were hovering, and under this violent shaking, the two dragons actually came to life and began to hover in mid-air.
Chen Ping’s eyes widened as he looked at the two dragons circling.
“This …… is an ice dragon and an inflammation dragon?”
Chen Ping recognized these two gigantic dragons right away!
Rumble …………
Suddenly there was a huge rumble and the palace shook even more!
Everyone rushed out of the palace, while Chen Ping’s body actually floated directly into mid-air.
He was now entering into a God’s perspective, watching the battle that was about to take place!
He could only see that the sea around the island was raising waves tens of metres high, and in the battle of these waves, a dense ma*s of black shadows were surprisingly all kinds of demonic beasts, each with their teeth and claws open.
In the middle of these demonic beasts, a man was sitting on the body of a scaly snake, with a crown on his head, but the lower half of his body was that of a fish!
Chen Ping recognised at once that this was the sculpture he had seen, the one on the throne was this fellow!
Soon a great battle broke out, the likes of which Chen Ping had never seen before!
Every person here, every demonic beast, all seemed to possess heavenly skills.
And now this genius, who was praised by the world, his realm of YuanYing, was clearly not worth mentioning in such a battle again.
Whether he was a Martial Marquis or a Grand Martial Marquis, he was afraid that he would not even have the qualifications to enter the battlefield!
Chen Ping did not expect that those so-called experts in the martial world now, when placed thousands of years ago, were no sh*t ……
The battle went on for an unknown amount of time, and in the end, all Chen Ping could see were pieces of corpses!
And in that pile of gold armoured corpses, a white armour looked so striking!
“Xiao Ru, Xiao Ru …………”
Chen Ping wanted to rush over and shouted desperately.
Instead, he found himself in mid-air, no longer able to get close to the palace below, the entire palace seemed to be enveloped by an invisible force!
Countless corpses, countless bodies of demonic beasts, and the crowned mermaid, who also seemed to be seriously injured, slowly walked inside the palace!
With all his strength he sat on the throne, but the moment he touched it, his body was instantly petrified.
The island began to split down the middle, and the whole city sank to the bottom of the sea in an instant, while the island closed up again, crushing the city beneath it!
The Ice Dragon and the Inferno Dragon also dragged their wounded bodies down to the top of the island with a dragon roar!
After falling, the Ice Dragon’s body turned into countless frosts, and the dragon crystals in its body fell into the deep pool.
The place where the dragon had fallen began to become unbearably hot, and soon the island became half cold and half hot.
And thus was born the Dragon Locked Island …………