Early the next morning!
Chen Ping’s strong body, his injuries were long gone!
Xu Changsheng brought all kinds of pills and herbs with him, and hurried to the Long family!
Knowing that Chen Ping was injured, Xu Changsheng was anxious, so he personally came with the medicine!
“Valley Master, are you alright?”
Upon seeing Chen Ping, Xu Changsheng asked nervously.
“I’m fine ……” Chen Ping shook his head, “Have you brought the medicinal herbs I asked for?”
“Yes, and some pills too ……”
Xu Changsheng hurriedly gave Chen Ping all the pills and herbs he had brought!
Chen Ping took them and knocked on the door of the next room!
The door to the room opened and Han Qing’er looked significantly better after a night of healing, though her breath was still a little unsteady!
But Han Qing’er was surprised to see Chen Ping acting as if nothing had happened!
It had only been one night, and with such a lack of spiritual energy in heaven and earth, Chen Ping’s injuries had healed themselves so quickly!
“Are you alright?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Han Qing’er.
Han Qing’er nodded, “No more major injuries ……”
“Here are some herbs and pills that can a*sist you in healing your injuries ……”
Chen Ping gave Han Qing’er all the pills and herbs that Xu Changsheng had brought.
Han Qing’er looked at these things in front of her, she knew that in the secular world, they must be worth a fortune!
“Why are you helping me?” Han Qing’er asked in a very puzzled manner.
She was not related to Chen Ping, nor did the two know each other, and for Chen Ping to be so kind to her made Han Qing’er wonder!
“Don’t worry, I don’t have any intention to help you, when you are well, you are completely free to leave.”
Chen Ping was afraid that Han Qing’er would misunderstand that he had any intentions towards her, so he hurriedly said.
“I ……” Han Qing’er opened her mouth, not knowing what to say, and finally could only say, “Thank you, I will repay you.”
Chen Ping smiled, did not say anything, turned around and left, he helped Han Qing’er, not for her repayment!
…………
Purple Sky Mansion!
Qiu Ju dragged her seriously injured body back!
When Han Fusheng heard that his daughter was missing, his entire person instantly became furious, while An Lingsheng also cried because she was worried about her daughter.
“D*mn it, who the hell is it that dares to make a move on my Han Fusheng’s daughter ……”
The anger in Han Fusheng’s body kept rising!
“House Master, those people definitely can’t be from the secular world, they should also be from the secret realm, they are very strong ……”
Qiu Ju said to Han Fusheng.
“People from the secret realm, people from the secret realm, who exactly is behind this to target my Purple Sky Mansion?”
Han Fusheng frowned, thinking hard.
He knew that what these people were really after wasn’t Han Qing’er, and that Han Qing’er was just a bargaining chip, what they were really after was their Purple Sky Mansion!
“Qiu Ju, where is Factory Lu? I sent someone to inform him to go and find Qing’er, did you not see him?”
An Ling Rong asked.
An Ling Rong had long ago sent someone to inform the Ruined Moon Fort to send Lv Factory to find Han Qing’er.
If Lv Factory had found Han Qing’er, perhaps this would not have happened.
“I haven’t seen Lu Gongzi ……”
Qiu Ju shook her head.
“What the hell is this Lv factory doing? Why did they let him go to find Qing’er and he went without a trace?”
An Ling Rong was filled with regret, she might as well have sent someone from the Purple Sky Mansion, out to get Han Qing’er back.
That way, this wouldn’t have happened.
“Qiu Ju, you go down and rest, don’t mention the matter of Miss’s disappearance to anyone ……”
Han Fusheng waved his hand!
He was afraid that after this news got out, many people with ulterior motives would be even more detrimental to Han Qing’er!
“The actual fact is that you can’t be a good person. Hurry up and send someone to find Qing’er. ……”
An Ling Rong said anxiously to Han Fusheng.
Han Fusheng nodded and immediately sent dozens of people to Kyoto to look for Han Qing’er.
But in order not to alert the secular world and the officials, these people could only walk out of the secret realm in little batches!