“Even if you had taken the Immortal Pill of the Supreme Lord, you would not be able to change your fate today.”
Chen Ping said coldly!
“Then let’s try ……”
Nie Heng said, glancing at Wu Feiyu as the two men, who had boosted their strength, charged towards Chen Ping once more!
“Just try it ……”
Chen Ping also leapt up in an instant, and the three of them mixed directly together!
With a calm face, Chen Ping kept fighting with the two men who followed him, and lured the two men above the mountain range outside Bashi Village!
At this moment, Chen Ping didn’t seem to be in a hurry to defeat the two men, but more like he was letting the two men use him as a sparring partner!
Chen Ping had just acquired the power of the three clans, so he was letting Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng be his companions to familiarise themselves with the use and control of the power of the three clans!
With the power of the Three Tribes, Chen Ping’s every move and stance was much more powerful than before!
Above the mountains, there was a constant roar, boulders crumbling and large trees falling down as if it was the end of the world.
The old village chief and his men watched quietly, only able to pray silently in their hearts for Chen Ping, unable to help at all!
Ten minutes later, the mountain range, which was originally a hundred metres high, was now cut down by tens of metres by the three men’s fight!
“Do you have any other means? If not, I won’t play with you guys anymore ……”
Chen Ping said with a calm face after forcing the two back with one palm!
Even though the two had boosted their strength, in Chen Ping’s eyes, they were still not enough, if the two of them had no other means, Chen Ping did not want to waste time!
Nie Heng and Wu Feiyu looked at Chen Ping with shocked faces, even though they had now upgraded their strength, they didn’t want to be unable to defeat Chen Ping.
Moreover, it looked like Chen Ping was still coping with them with great ease!
If they knew that Chen Ping was fighting with his bare hands and both of them were carrying weapons, plus two against one, and they still couldn’t defeat Chen Ping, the two of them only felt their scalps tingling at this moment!
“It looks like you two don’t have any other means, so go to hell ……”
Chen Ping’s fists flashed with golden light as he swung his fist towards the two men!
Seeing this, the two men hurriedly raised their hands to block it out!
Clang …………
There was a crunching sound, only to see the weapons in Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng’s hands instantly break, and then the two men instantly flew backwards!
This time, it took a lot of effort for the two to stand up with help!
However, Chen Ping did not take the opportunity to attack again, but looked at Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng quietly, as if he was thinking about something!
Seeing this, Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng both looked at Chen Ping nervously, for they did not know when Chen Ping would strike at them!
Now they had understood that Chen Ping could kill them whenever he wanted to!
“Chen …… Chen Ping, we have no enmity, I’ll kneel down for you, can you not kill me?”
Wu Feiyu’s psyche seemed to have broken down, he didn’t want to die, so he asked Chen Ping!
“Wu Feiyu, what are you talking about? As a direct descendant of the Jade Tripod Sect, how can you say such things?”
“It’s simply too embarrassing for our Jade Tripod Sect, if Master finds out, he will definitely strip you of your skin and pull your tendons.”
Nie Heng was furious when he saw that Wu Feiyu was going to take the initiative to kneel down to Chen Ping in order to stay alive, he shouted!
But Nie Heng didn’t know that even their master had knelt down to Chen Ping, so what were they!
Only, Chen Ping didn’t answer Wu Feiyu, but stood straight in place, his thoughts no longer seeming to be here!
Seeing that Chen Ping didn’t say anything, Wu Feiyu and Nie Heng looked at each other, then slowly backed away!
Now even though it was a good opportunity to attack Chen Ping, the two of them didn’t dare to make a move on Chen Ping!
After retreating for hundreds of metres, when Wu Fei Yu and Nie Heng saw that Chen Ping still hadn’t moved, they secretly let out a sigh of relief, turned around and ran!