Lan Yingying thought that those few ragged cultivators had been talked into the illusionary formation by him!
“No, those guys are still standing outside, it was another person who went in.”
“But this person is very strange, he came to Guanghan Palace privately and his clothes are intact, as if he didn’t encounter any difficulties at all!”
A female cultivator of the Broad Cold Palace said!
“Another person?”
Lan Yingying was a little surprised!
After that Shen Ji Zi saw Blue Ying Ying, he turned around and quickly left, if Blue Ying Ying found him, then he was afraid that his way to get rich would be gone!
And at this time in the illusionary formation, Chen Ping was walking forward leisurely and comfortably, this illusionary formation did not have the slightest effect on Chen Ping!
“Fellow Daoist …………”
Suddenly, someone called out to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping searched for the sound and found that several beautiful women were walking towards Chen Ping!
Only after getting closer did Chen Ping realise that it was Ge Yu Han, Ge Jiayi, Gu Ling’er, Wu Mei’er and Ji Ruxue ……
“You guys …… you guys …………”
Chen Ping looked at these women in front of him and for a moment, he did not know what to say!
“Are we beautiful?”
Ji Ruxue was still so dignified and elegant, her snow-white skin, and her overwhelming looks made people fall in love with her!
More importantly, Ji Ruxue was wearing a white dress at the moment, and her body was very alluring if hidden!
The other girls were also wearing very bold clothes, with large swathes of their skin exposed!
Each one of them had winking eyes and their bodies exuded a seductive flavour!
Chen Ping looked at his women in front of him, and surprisingly felt a little sour inside!
“Come on, let’s play with you, we promise to make you die of lust ……”
Ji Ruxue stepped forward and gently caressed Chen Ping’s face!
They didn’t seem to recognise Chen Ping, after all, Chen Ping had changed his appearance!
“Damn the Holy Maiden of Guanghan Palace, to take my woman and use her as a temptation in the Illusion Formation, I must find her to settle the score.”
Chen Ping suddenly cursed angrily, and with a gentle wave of his palm, the women in front of him all disappeared!
Chen Ping had not been mesmerised, he knew that these women were all caused by the illusion formation!
However, that Guanghan Palace Holy Maiden had even used Chen Ping’s womanly appearance as the basis of temptation, which Chen Ping was a little unable to accept.
Even if he knew that they were all illusionary and fake, Chen Ping felt sour in his heart!
He decided that when he saw the Holy Maiden of Guanghan Palace, he would definitely ask for a statement!
This seduction technique was broken by Chen Ping with a wave of his hand, but many people planted themselves here!
After all, those who came here were all young cultivators, running to find a dao mate and coveting the beauty of the female cultivator of Guanghan Palace!
If in the middle of this illusion formation, they came across so many beautiful women in revealing and very seductive clothing, not many could carry it off!
After Chen Ping waved his hand to break the temptation in the illusionary formation, the surroundings suddenly became pitch black, followed by a chilling aura, and the hissing sound of the severe ghosts!
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted and he sneered!
“Such a low-grade illusion formation can still trap so many people, how pathetic, these cultivators of the Celestial Realm really know too little about the art of formations.”
Chen Ping secretly sneered and walked straight forward, not caring in the slightest about everything around him!
Chen Ping kept walking forwards, while the formation behind him collapsed with a bang!
Just like that, it collapsed all the way forward, and when Chen Ping regained sight of a large hall, the illusion formation behind him was considered to have completely collapsed and instantly disappeared without a trace!
“The illusion formation collapsed and directly disappeared ……”
“What is this situation, could it be that someone has passed through the illusion formation and entered the outer gate of Guanghan Palace?”
“What kind of person is it, this is too awesome!”
The commotion caused by the collapse of the illusion formation instantly drew the chatter of many cultivators within the outer gate palace!
They had all been led in by enrolment, but they didn’t think that someone would be able to pass through the Guanghan Palace Illusion Formation and barge in!