“This Pill God Island is simply too bad, if that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect attacks, I don’t know how many pill masters will have to die.”
Zhen Huan also said angrily!
The crowd all started cursing Pill God Island, feeling that they had all been tricked!
“Gentlemen, you’ve misunderstood Island Master Ouyang, he didn’t do it to get the crowd to help him resist the Heaven-Shattering Dharma Sect, he just didn’t want the many legacies and treasures of the Pill God’s Fallen Land to fall into the hands of that Heaven-Shattering Dharma Sect!”
“That’s why he moved the Apothecary Assembly to Pill God Island, also to allow the crowd to benefit from this Pill God’s Fallen Land.”
“After three days, the crowd will have to leave, because that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect will attack Pill God Island in three days.”
Chen Ping helped Ouyang Xing explain!
“If that’s the case, then we really don’t have time to waste on fighting.”
“But right now, if we don’t follow that Su Tianshuo and the others to fight, they are afraid that they won’t give up this opportunity either.”
Zhen Yuandao frowned and said!
“That’s fine, I’ll go and follow that President Su about this matter, and I believe that they will understand what to do as well.”
Chen Ping intended to tell this matter to Su Tianshuo as well.
As long as Su Tianshuo knew that the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect was about to attack Medicine God Island, they would not waste time on the Zhou and Zhen Families if they really only had three days!
However, Chen Ping did not yet know that Su Tianshuo had already known about the Zhentian Dharma Sect, and he had already entered into a co-operation with the Zhentian Dharma Sect!
“Good, I’ll leave this matter to Fellow Daoist Chen!”
Zhen Yuandao also didn’t want to follow Su Tianshuo and the others in this Pill Cauldron Mountain to fight!
After all, they had come to the land of the Pill God’s fall to try their luck, and if they were able to obtain the Pill God’s inheritance, they would be instantly flying high!
“I’ll do my best ……”
Chen Ping nodded!
After following Zhen Yuandao and the others to bid farewell, Chen Ping and the others continued to head towards the mountain!
The Pill Cauldron Mountain was very large, and their nearly 1,000 pill masters could not see much at all when they entered the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
Chen Ping himself did not know if he would run into that Su Tianshuo and the others, but if he did, Chen Ping would try his best to stop the fight!
Chen Ping didn’t know that he had become the prey of Su Tianshuo and the others, but he still wanted to stop the fight!
Just a short while after Chen Ping and the others had left, suddenly several auras came towards them!
Although the distance was not very close, Chen Ping could detect that these few auras were running towards them!
“Mr Chen, what’s wrong?”
Seeing Chen Ping suddenly stop, Nie Heng asked curiously!
“Someone is running this way, I don’t know who it is!”
Chen Ping said with a grave expression!
Although all those who entered the Pill Cauldron Mountain were pill masters, it was impossible for Chen Ping to know them all!
It was also unknown whether the people coming towards this side were enemies or friends!
Now that all the pill masters almost knew Chen Ping’s identity, and with the 100 year old offerings of the Demon Sealing Alliance lying around, it was inevitable that some people would have bad intentions!
Even with Xiao Yuan Shan’s deterrence, it was still impossible to avoid someone risking their life for the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred year offering!
As the saying goes, people die for money and birds die for food!
“Chen Ping, how come we don’t even feel anyone coming?”
Ruyan Liu asked!
“Yeah, none of us seem to feel it!”
Nie Lei and Nie Hong both said as well!
“Don’t be anxious, it should appear soon!”
Chen Ping looked ahead with a grave expression!
Soon, several figures did appear, and just after they appeared, these people surrounded Chen Ping and the others!
Looking at this formation, Chen Ping instantly understood!
“Who are you people? What do want?”
Nie Heng asked as he saw that these people had bad intentions!
“None of your business, hurry up and get lost, we’re here to find this Chen Ping.”
One of the pill masters wearing a grey cloth tunic said!
They were clearly running towards the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Hundred Year Offering!