Su Tianshuo’s words echoed in the air, causing everyone present to fall into a deep silence.
“This matter is not trivial, if it succeeds, we will definitely be able to obtain great benefits!”
Su Tianshuo’s gaze swept across the crowd present, a greedy light flickering in his eyes, “But once it fails, those of us who collude with demonic cultivators will definitely be kicked out of the major apothecary guilds, and we will even lose our lives!”
The expressions of everyone were incomparably grave, they were well aware of the seriousness of this matter.
The rules of the Apothecary Guilds were strict, and once one was found to have colluded with a demonic cultivator, the consequences would be unimaginable.
However, the temptation of great benefits was like the devil’s whisper, constantly teasing them in their hearts.
“Gentlemen, besides the resources of this Pill God Island, don’t forget that there is also a Chen Ping, this fellow is worth a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Su Tianshuo’s voice sounded once again, full of compelling power, “Can you all imagine what a large amount of resources a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance would be?”
“Everyone, interest, this is something that drives people crazy and obsesses them! It’s like a flame that burns in the bottom of one’s heart, and once it’s ignited, it can’t be extinguished.”
“In this world, without the drive of profit, who would go to fight for their lives? Who would take risks?”
“Look at the opportunity in front of us, that’s a huge, unimaginable benefit! The resources of Pill God Island, that’s a mountain of treasure, as long as we can obtain it, we’ll be able to soar to the heavens!”
“There’s also that Chen Ping, he’s carrying a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.
A hundred years of offerings! How many rare medicinal herbs are those, how many mysterious techniques, how many treasures that can increase our strength greatly! With all of these, we will be able to walk horizontally in the Celestial Realm and no one will dare to despise us!
Benefits, it is the cornerstone of power, the source of glory.
With benefits, we can control the lives and deaths of others and decide their destinies.
We are no longer a small role to be called around, but can dominate all the hegemony!
For the sake of profit, we can do anything! What rules, what morals, are all floating clouds in front of great benefits! As long as we succeed, what can those so-called accusations and criticisms do to us?
If we don’t succeed, we’re dead! But as long as we succeed, we will be able to enjoy all the glory and wealth, so that everyone will worship us!
Profit is our driving force, the goal of our struggle! Let’s grasp this opportunity tightly and do whatever it takes for the sake of profit!”
It had to be said that this guy, Su Tianshuo, did have the charm of language, and the words he uttered were extremely provocative!
The crowd’s breathing was slightly shortened, a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, that was an unimaginably huge fortune.
For these pill masters, resources meant higher medical achievements, a stronger status and power.
“As long as we succeed, even if we kill that Chen Ping, the Xiao Imperial Dynasty will not dare to do anything to us, after all, all the people with high medical skills in the Celestial Realm are here.”
Su Tianshuo continued, “If anything happens to us in, the entire Celestial Realm is afraid that they will never be able to find another Senior Medicine Master.”
Su Tianshuo’s words set off waves in the hearts of the crowd.
They weighed the pros and cons in their hearts as desire and fear fiercely fought within.
“President Su, I support you, I’m willing to work with you!”
Pao Longxing, the head of the Pao Family, was the first to break the silence.
His face wore a determined look, as if he had already left all his concerns behind.
Immediately after, Diao Changmin, the head of the Diao Family, also spoke up, “Count me in, as the saying goes, those who support the bold, starve the timid. Anyway, after this Apothecary Conference, the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family will definitely make a move against us, so we might as well make the first move!”
Along with Pao Longxing and Diao Changmin opening their mouths, the others also no longer hesitated and took a stand to follow Su Tianshuo!
Seeing the crowd responding one after another, Su Tianshuo then smiled, a hint of smugness flashing in his eyes.