Immediately afterwards an extremely strong sense of oppression hit everyone on board!
“What’s going on?”
Chen Ping snapped to his feet.
Dong Jiahao also sat up instantly and looked out towards the window, but there was nothing but water in the endless sea.
“There can’t be pirates, can there?”
Dong Jiahao asked.
Chen Ping shook his head, “Pirates wouldn’t have such a strong aura.”
After saying this, Chen Ping walked out of the room and headed towards the deck, with Dong Jiahao hurriedly following behind.
Soon, the two came to the deck and saw that it was already crowded with people, all looking out to the sea ahead!
Chen Ping looked over and found a white wave rolling above the calm sea, and it was obvious to see that there must be a huge demonic beast underneath this huge wave!
As the crowd watched this scene, some were happy and some were scared, after all, a demonic beast of this size, if it could be killed, beast pellets were very precious, just a good resource for cultivation!
But to be able to survive to such a size also proved that the demonic beast was very strong, if they could not kill this demonic beast, they might have to be buried inside its stomach.
The huge waves were getting closer and closer, and the huge impact caused the ship to slowly stop, unable to move forward.
Soon, there was a loud bang, followed by a splash!
Above the surface of the sea, a demonic beast wielding two pincers, with a dark red body and a row of fangs exposed.
This demonic beast was just like a crab at first glance, except that it was a million times bigger than an ordinary crab.
“Deep Sea Giant Crab, this is a Deep Sea Giant Crab ……”
Someone suddenly shouted out loud after seeing this demonic beast.
Immediately afterwards, a look of greed and shock appeared in everyone’s eyes!
Chen Ping didn’t know much about these demonic beasts, so he didn’t know what this Deep Sea Giant Crab was that could provoke the crowd to suddenly become so excited.
Chen Ping looked at Dong Jiahao, wanting Dong Jiahao to introduce it, but Dong Jiahao shook his head, seeing that he didn’t know much about this demonic beast either.
“This Deep Sea Giant Crab, the very best of the sea demonic beasts, usually lives only under the deep sea, and is rarely seen.”
“However, the inner pellet of this Deep Sea Giant Crab is the best, I heard that a single beast pellet of the Deep Sea Giant Crab can make a Martial Marquis step up a realm.”
“Moreover, the meat of this deep sea giant crab is also a good resource, it’s just that it can’t be found, I haven’t heard anyone say that they have eaten the meat of this deep sea giant crab!”
At this time, Ge Jiayi walked over and followed Chen Ping as she explained.
“In that case, we are lucky to have the chance to eat this giant crab meat today.”
Chen Ping looked at the deep-sea giant crab in front of him, and his eyes were also shining.
Ge Jiayi glanced at Chen Ping: “Don’t think so beautifully, this divine Sea Giant Crab is very strong, didn’t you see that such a big cruise ship can’t even move forward directly, and this giant crab’s body is incredibly hard, especially that shell, ordinary people can’t hurt it at all.”
Ge Chia-Yi instantly poured a pot of cold water on Chen Ping to dissuade him from his thoughts.
Only Ge Chia-Yi didn’t know Chen Ping well, and her persuasion like this only served to give Chen Ping the desire to make a move even more!
But before Chen Ping could make his move, he saw a man in the middle of the crowd leap up high.
This was a young man who was half a Martial Marquis, probably because he couldn’t stand the temptation of the giant crab in front of him!
He knew that if he killed this giant crab and obtained the beast pellet, he would be able to leap up to the Martial Marquis realm.
Many people were stuck at the half-step Martial Marquis level for decades, with no way to break through, so this young man intended to put up a fight.
After his body leapt into mid-air, this young man, a half-step Martial Marquis, then threw his fists out in unison, and a thick stream of energy blasted towards the giant crab.
Boom boom boom …………
A series of three explosions rang out, and the water surface was blasted up in a column of water.