Seeing this, Dong Liqun could only slowly sit back down, but his eyes kept staring deadly at the top of the martial arts arena.
On the other side, Zhu Zhishan, who was watching Chen Ping being controlled, had the corners of his mouth raised in triumph: “A black bronze robe is a black bronze robe, his strength is really high, he subdued this Chen Ping in one go, this time I’ll see how that Chen Ping can still escape!”
“This Chen Ping won’t be so easily controlled, this is just the beginning ……”
Long Xiao was not that optimistic, as he had fought Chen Ping after him and knew how terribly Chen Ping’s strength had grown to.
“Hmph, then wait and see ……” Zhu Zhishan glanced at Long Xiao, the corners of his mouth slightly raised.
And at this time, Chen Ping, the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand wanted to cut through this sleeve robe, only that his hands were bound and he had no way to move!
“Hmph, with that kind of ability, I don’t know how to make waves in the martial arts world.”
Seeing Chen Ping being controlled, a black bronze robe snorted coldly, looking very disdainful.
“Don’t talk nonsense with him, just kill him and we’ve completed our mission.”
After saying this, another Black Bronze Robe took a sharp blade in his hand and viciously stabbed towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was bound and had no way to dodge, he could only let the Incorruptible Golden Body come into play to its fullest extent!
The golden light on Chen Ping’s body shone brightly as if it were the sun in the sky!
The power of the divine Dragon even protected his entire body, he needed to resist the opponent’s strike hard, Chen Ping did not dare to be the slightest bit lax.
After all, the other party was a middle Martial Marquis, each one was no worse than that Dragon Dash!
Clang!
There was a crisp sound as the sharp blade cut a white mark on Chen Ping’s body, but it did not hurt Chen Ping’s body.
Instead, the black copper robe was shaken to the point where his wrist went numb and the sharp blade in his hand instantly snapped!
“D*mn, this kid’s body is really perverted, it’s too strong ……”
The black bronze robe whose wrists were numb from the shock cursed angrily.
“Let’s go together, don’t leave this kid a chance ……”
Another black bronze robe said coldly.
The other few didn’t say anything more, but made their moves towards Chen Ping together!
Chen Ping frowned, if all four of them attacked at the same time, Chen Ping was afraid that even if he had an imperishable golden body to protect his body, he wouldn’t be able to carry it.
But no matter how much Chen Ping struggled, he simply could not break free from the sleeve robe!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s strength of the Dragon Chopper Sword unexpectedly trembled directly.
With a thought, Chen Ping’s Chopping Dragon Sword instantly detached itself from his hand!
However, Chen Ping discovered that at this moment, the Dragon Cutting Sword did not seem to be under his control, but had an autonomous consciousness!
“Could it be that the sword spirit has generated a consciousness?”
Chen Ping’s heart was overjoyed!
He saw the Dragon Cutting Sword leap into the sky, followed by a great light, and a terrifying sword qi descended from the sky!
The aura emanating from this sword qi was not owned by Chen Ping, but was emanated from the Dragon Cutting Sword itself.
The four black bronze robes froze on the spot for an instant, looking at the Dragon Chopper Sword with some incredulity!
The terrifying sword Qi instantly severed the sleeve robe that bound Chen Ping, and at the same time, as if the Dragon Cutting Sword had consumed all its breath, it instantly fell down from mid-air.
Chen Ping broke free from the restraint, and then with a wave of his hand, he caught the Dragon Cutting Sword, and a stream of divine dragon power was continuously injected into the Dragon Cutting Sword!
With the renewed infusion of divine dragon power, the Dragon Cutting Sword began to emit light again, and a humming sound resounded throughout the entire martial arena!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique, First Sword ……”
Chen Ping waved his backhand and used the Nine Shadows Sword Technique!
A terrifying sword aura was seen to follow, and the entire alien space actually began to twist and shake under this sword!
“Hmph, how dare you resist ……”
Several people coldly snorted, followed by simultaneous activation of their spells, only to see that spatial spell in mid-air burst out in an instant!
In an instant, Chen Ping’s terrifying sword aura directly disappeared and was swallowed up by that light!