“Since it’s from the Martial Alliance, it’s absolutely wrong, fantastic, fantastic, I never thought I’d see the oldest sect of Runic Arts in my lifetime ……”
“Come on, let’s go now, I can’t wait ……”
Hu Pazzi pulled Chen Ping and was about to walk out the door.
“Wait a minute, I always have to clean up ah!”
Chen Ping is now like a wild man, always have to clean up before leaving!
These days, Chen Ping always fall into a huge inferiority complex, he now this realm, in want to improve a step is very difficult!
Unless you encounter a big opportunity, but the opportunity is unattainable, to encounter a chance again, I do not know how long it will take!
And if Chen Ping can comprehend this rune art, can draw the kind of deterrence of all things, the protection of the living rune, then Chen Ping’s strength can be like a rocket, the rapid growth.
When the time comes to draw a talisman for each of the people around him, there will be no need to worry about anyone being captured!
Chen Ping freshened himself up a bit, the whole man regained his vitality!
“Aiya, a big old man, follow the woman like, shuffling around doing what, hurry up and go ……”
Hu Pazi can not wait, pulling Chen Ping went straight to the airport!
“Master Hu, didn’t you say you didn’t dare to return to Kyoto? How come you’re back this time?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“That Zhu Zhishan is dead, I am still afraid of a bird ah, Zhu Zhishan died, except you, no one knows my identity ……”
Hu Pazi is full of smiles, it seems that Zhu Zhishan’s death makes him very happy.
The two got on the plane and headed straight to White Sea City.
The ancient ruins of the Heavenly Rune Sect were located near White Sea City, thousands of miles away from Kyoto!
Chen Ping looked out the window of the plane and was a little dazed!
I remember the last time I went to White Sea City, it was a year ago, for the matter of Xuan Yue Valley, followed Bai Zhan Tang to White Sea City.
“I also do not know how that boy Bai Zhan Tang followed Shen Mengchen ……”
Chen Ping looked out the window and smiled faintly!
Since Chen Ping’s hostile forces are getting stronger and stronger, Chen Ping has rarely involved the Bai family anymore, and he doesn’t want the Bai family to be implicated because of himself!
After all, the Bai family is just an ordinary business family, even if there are a few martial arts experts, but only to watch over the family!
The real step into the martial world, just a few martial sects, simply not enough to see!
“Mr. Chen …… Mr. Chen ……”
Just as Chen Ping was staring out the window, he suddenly heard a familiar shout!
Chen Ping hurriedly turned his head and his entire body just froze: “Bai Zhan Tang? Why are you here?”
Chen Ping was surprised, just now he thought of this guy, but he didn’t expect to meet him!
“Mr. Chen, it’s really you, just now Meng Chen said it was you, I still can’t believe it!”
Bai Zhantang was also very surprised to see it was Chen Ping, and then waved towards a seat not far away.
Soon, Shen Mengchen came over, but at this time Shen Mengchen’s belly is much bigger, obviously pregnant!
“Mr. Chen, I just looked like you, so I asked Zhan Tang to come over and take a look, I didn’t expect it was really you!”
Shen Mengchen also said with a happy face.
Chen Ping looked at Shen Mengchen’s stomach and said with slight surprise: “Are you two married?”
Bai Zhantang nodded: “Yes, already married, it is also considered a marriage with a son, this time back to White Sea City, but also to hold a wedding there!”
Shen Mengchen was red-faced and lowered her head slightly, after all, unmarried and pregnant first, girls are shy!
“Hahahaha, that’s great, you guys are considered lovers at last.”
Chen Ping laughed happily hahaha!
“Mr. Chen, what are you doing in White Sea City?”
Bai Zhantang asked strangely.
After all, White Sea City is not a big city, and there are not many tourist places, so few people usually go there to play.