The fight inside the cave also drew in the people outside the cave!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took advantage of the chaos to enter the Immortal Mining Cave!
The Fire Phoenix also rushed out of the battlefield and headed towards Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan!
“Miao Miao, Qian Nan……”
Fire Phoenix softly called out to the two!
Because of the formation confinement, there was no way for the Fire Phoenix to break through the formation!
Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan slowly opened their eyes when they heard someone call out to them!
When they saw that it was Fire Phoenix, their eyes were filled with excitement and they all shed tears!
“Don’t make a sound and don’t get excited, I’ll find a way to save you guys from getting out.”
Fire Phoenix comforted the two of them, telling them not to get too excited!
Soon, Chen Ping’s figure appeared, and Fire Phoenix hurriedly greeted Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw the miserable appearance of Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan, the murderous aura in his eyes continued to rise!
The two girls, at this moment, were unexpectedly spoilt without a human face!
Chen Ping did not dare to imagine what the two of them had gone through!
“Master, there is a formation confinement, see if you can break it?”
Fire Phoenix asked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping just glanced at it, and with a gentle press of his palm on that formation, the formation simply disappeared!
This was the simplest type of confinement formation, for those who did not know about formations, it was very difficult to break open, but for Chen Ping, it could not be simpler!
After the formation was broken, Chen Ping and Fire Phoenix hurriedly assisted Miao Miao and Cai Qiannan to leave the Immortal Mining Cave!
Inside the Immortal Mining Cave at this time, there was a lively fight for the Wind Determining Bead, and no one noticed Chen Ping and the others!
It was only after Chen Ping and the others walked out of the Immortal Mining Cave that they heaved a sigh of relief!
“Fire Phoenix, you send the two of them away, I will stand guard here.”
Chen Ping said!
“Master, shall we go together?”
The Fire Phoenix felt the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body and was afraid that Chen Ping would take revenge before entering the Immortal Mining Cave if he stayed behind on his own!
“You take the two of them and go, I have my measure!”
Chen Ping let the Fire Phoenix girls leave!
Only after leaving could Chen Ping let go, no matter what, he would make everyone from the Jade Pope Sect pay!
Fire Phoenix knew that there was no use in persuading them, so she left with Miao Miao and Cai Qian Nan!
As for Chen Ping, he stood quietly outside the entrance of the Immortal Mining Cave with his Dragon Beheading Sword in hand!
Whether it was someone from the Jade Maiden Sect or the Jade Pope Sect, as long as they stepped out of the cave, Chen Ping would kill them with a single strike of his sword, showing no mercy!
And at this moment, the fight within the Immortal Mine Cave was nearing its end, and the Jade Maiden Sect was somewhat gradually losing strength!
“Sect Master, you quickly leave, we’ll break the back ……”
The three Jade Maiden Sect disciples shouted at Fu Nai Si!
At this time, Fu Naisi had already been injured, and would definitely lose if the fight continued!
So Fu Naisi turned around and ran towards the outside of the cave!
“Where are you running ……”
Hai Ande was also burning with rage at this moment!
The disciples under his hand had died for a large portion, and he himself was also injured, if he was run away by Fu Naisi, then wouldn’t it be a wasted death!
There were still wind-stabilising beads within Fu Nai Si’s hand!
But just as Hai Ande leapt up and prepared to chase after him, three Jade Pope Sect disciples stopped Hai Ande!
Seeing this, the Jade Pope Sect disciples also followed suit, blocking the three Jade Maiden Sect disciples, allowing Hai Ande to free up his hands to chase after Fu Nai Si!
Fu Nai Si was very fast and rushed out of the cave with a flash of her figure!
She didn’t even think that there were still people guarding outside the cave!
Just as Nessie’s figure left the cave, a cold light instantly shot out!
Fu Naisi’s heart was startled, her body flashed in a panic, the cold light cut through Fu Naisi’s arm, and a long wound instantly appeared!
Fu Naisi looked at her wound, her face was filled with fear!
Just now, if he hadn’t dodged in time, he was afraid that his head would have been chopped off!
Fu Naisi was filled with anger as she looked towards Chen Ping, and when she realised that it was only a Transition Realm 1st Grade minor cultivator who had launched an attack on her, she became even more furious!