Liu Sh*tong’s face was hideous, he simply could not believe that Chen Ping, a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transitional Appearance realm, was able to follow himself, a cultivator of the eighth rank of the Transitional Appearance realm, to a draw!
Along with Liu Sh*tong’s roar, he once again struck out a large amount of flaming sword manacles!
Chen Ping looked at Liu Sh*tong’s near-crazy appearance, he could not help but raise the corner of his mouth, he knew that Liu Sh*tong had already been exasperated by himself and had nearly collapsed!
Boom!
Chen Ping instantly chopped out a sword awn, which directly shattered those flame sword awns of Liu Sh*tong, and at the same time, it went straight to Liu Sh*tong and blasted Liu Sh*tong out!
Immediately after that, Liu Sh*tong landed with a bang, stirring up a puff of smoke and dust!
This time, everyone was filled with a look of shock!
If Chen Ping was able to follow Liu Sh*tong to a draw, it would have been shocking enough!
But now, it actually sent Liu Sh*tong flying out with a single sword strike!
This contrast was really hard for the crowd to accept for a moment!
The fourth rank of the Transition Realm had blown away the eighth rank of the Transition Realm with a sword, wasn’t this a joke?
Even if there were geniuses who could cross levels, it was impossible to cross so many realms!
This was beyond everyone’s knowledge!
Wei Qing grew his mouth in disbelief, “This …… senior brother actually knocked that Liu Sh*tong down by strength?”
At first, it was thought that Liu Sh*tong had been hit by an illusion and that was why he was sneak attacked by Chen Ping!
But what about now?
This was a contest of pure strength, without any possibility of speculation!
It was this kind of pure strength competition, and that Liu Sh*tong was even sent flying!
“Junior Senior Brother must have hidden his cultivation, no wonder he dared to easily answer Liu Sh*tong’s match!”
Qian Xiu looked at Chen Ping with a face full of admiration, she thought that Chen Ping must have hidden his strength!
Some experts, for various reasons, it is normal to hide their strength!
And many people would do the same!
Just think of the current Chen Ping, suppressing his realm at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, but his true strength was very high!
In this way, Liu Sh*tong would think that he would surely win!
However, when they were truly compared, they were being suppressed, this was a typical case of pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger!
In this way, Chen Ping’s reputation would be boosted, and he would also be able to humiliate that Liu Sh*tong!
“It’s very possible, perhaps this Junior Brother’s realm is even higher than mine!”
Wei Qing also believed that Chen Ping was hiding his strength!
They would never have thought that Chen Ping was the fourth rank of the Transition Realm and had not hidden his realm at all!
It was only Chen Ping’s status that was simply not comparable to ordinary cultivators like them that caused this result!
“Despicable, shameless, hiding his realm and taking him by surprise, this kind of despicable person cannot join our Violet Flame Sect.”
Lu San quickly roared when he saw this scene!
He believed that Chen Ping was hiding his realm and deliberately showing weakness making Liu Sh*tong careless!
This kind of speculation was not a true competition at all!
The Referee Elder also had a cold expression on his face at this moment!
If Chen Ping really did deliberately hide his realm in the beginning, in order to paralyse Liu Sh*tong, then this match really couldn’t be counted!
After all, this was the Purple Flame Sect’s Inner Sect Examination Competition, not some life and death fight!
There was no need to use such tactics!
A person with such a scheming mind was also not suitable to become an inner disciple of the Violet Flame Sect!
“Kid, you tricked me, you even relied on hiding your realm to make me fall for it!”
Liu Sh*tong climbed up and wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth!
The referee elder had also opened the martial arts stage’s formation at this moment, and leapt to the stage, his voice cold and angry, “You deliberately hid your realm, causing the other party’s misjudgement, this way of winning is not a good way to win, and is not in line with our Purple Flame Sect’s conditions.”
“You can’t become an inner disciple of our Purple Flame Sect, go back where you came from!”
Seeing this, Wei Qing and Qian Xiu and the others also rushed to the martial arts stage, wanting to plead for Chen Ping!