At this moment, Kuroki Kawasaki had a sense of fear!
Although he could draw in a constant stream of energy, Chen Ping seemed to have an inexhaustible supply of power in his body.
While Kuroki Kawasaki was thinking of countermeasures, Chen Ping leapt up with his sword and bully his way up.
The green light flashed out in a flash!
He would not give Kuroki Kawasaki the slightest chance to catch his breath, for every pause would allow Kuroki Kawasaki to regain more energy in his body, and there was no way Chen Ping would give him that chance!
The green light shot out, and Kuroki Kawasaki dared not be careless as he swung his sword again to meet it!
A violent explosion sounded and Kuroki Kawasaki’s body retreated again.
Chen Ping’s moves were faster than one another!
Kuroki Kawasaki could only meet it pa*sively, his body’s powerful energy was greatly depleted, even if he could replenish it by drawing heat from the lava, it would be difficult to recover from such a great depletion all at once!
Kuroki Kawasaki’s forehead was covered in cold sweat, he was panting heavily, and his katana was pitted with nicks!
It was about to break, but Kuroki Kawasaki had no choice but to rely on the katana to hold on!
The more Chen Ping fought, the more excited he became, the more the spiritual energy in his body exploded, the dragon crystal in his chest glowed, and the power of the divine dragon continued to fill Chen Ping’s body!
Seeing that Kuroki Kawasaki was at the end of his rope, Chen Ping put away the Dragon Chopping Sword, what he wanted was not to kill Kuroki Kawasaki, he wanted to absorb Kuroki Kawasaki’s strength!
Seeing Chen Ping put away the Dragon Chopping Sword, Kuroki Kawasaki knew that this was his last chance!
“Dark Shadow Chop ……”
Kuroki Kawasaki exploded with his last strength, his eyes even more scarlet as he fiercely raised the katana in his hand, his entire person and the katana almost fusing into one.
The white mane of the sword rose up to the sky and even shot out of the crater of the volcano, making the terrifying mane of the sword clearly visible to those who were outside the crater!
Kuroki Kawasaki then took a step forward and slashed down with the blade in his hand.
After Kuroki Kawasaki delivered this blow, the katana in his hand couldn’t take it anymore and broke into several pieces!
Looking at the katana with only the hilt left, Kuroki Kawasaki dropped the hilt in his hand in bewilderment!
No matter how this strike went, it would be the last one!
Now he could only hope that his strike would directly wound or kill Chen Ping!
“Hmph ……”
Who knew that in the face of Kuroki Kawasaki’s final strike, Chen Ping would let out a cold laugh!
Immediately afterwards, a fist smashed out, only a muffled sound was heard, and in an instant, a black hole was smashed out of the entire void!
Although Chen Ping was not yet able to exercise the laws of space, and even less able to rely on his own strength to tear apart the void and go where he wanted to go!
But to smash through a void rift with one punch, Chen Ping could still achieve it!
That slash from Kuroki Kawasaki instantly cut into the crack in the void and disappeared straight away without a trace!
The crack in the void disappeared immediately afterwards, but the residual power of Chen Ping’s punch did not disappear!
The aftermath hit Kuroki Kawasaki’s body so hard that his body instantly flew backwards and fell heavily against the stone wall, a mouthful of blood gushing out.
Kuroki Kawasaki’s face was rapidly ageing, soon becoming that of an old man, with a wrinkled face and slow breathing, as if he was going to die!
There was no lustre in Kuroki Kawasaki’s eyes, but his hands were braced against the ground, and the heat of the lava from the ground was being absorbed into Kuroki Kawasaki’s body!
Chen Ping walked towards Kuroki Kawasaki step by step, but Kuroki Kawasaki didn’t move, and he couldn’t move at all, his body had already aged rapidly and had no energy left!
“Even if I die, there’s no way I’ll let you absorb my strength ……”
Kuroki Kawasaki saw what Chen Ping was attempting to do and slowly opened his mouth to say.