But Chen Ping shook his head, “Mr. Song, we don’t want anything, we hope that Mr. Song can take us along to see the newly discovered veins!”
Chen Ping’s words caused Song ZuDe’s face to go cold, and the expression on his face was incomparably grave: “Who are you? How do you know about the new mineral vein?”
Seeing Song ZuDe’s face change, Wu Dong hurriedly stepped forward and said, “Mr. Song, we also heard about it inside the hotel, and many people are now talking about it!”
Hearing Wu Dong say so, Song Zu De then eased up a bit, and then cursed angrily, “D*mn it, the news has still leaked out, D*mn it!”
“Don’t worry, we won’t hit that new vein, after all, there are only two of us, and we can’t possibly follow the three of you in your fight, I’m just curious to have a look!”
Chen Ping explained after Song ZuDe.
Seeing that Chen Ping had said so, Song Zu De did not hide anything, and said with a solemn face, “Let me tell you, going to explore that new vein this time is very dangerous, maybe in the future there will only be one family left in Mountain City, if you go along, I won’t have the energy to protect you!”
“Don’t worry, we will protect ourselves, you just need to take us there!”
Chen Ping said.
“Good then, we will leave tomorrow, but you will be responsible for your own lives and deaths, but you saved my daughter, tonight I will host a banquet to thank you both properly, stay here tonight and leave early tomorrow morning!”
Song Zu De said after Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded and didn’t refuse, it just so happened that the Song family was familiar with Mount Heng, it was just right for them to lead the way, Chen Ping always had a feeling in his heart that this newly discovered vein, following the spirit stones might have some connection!
Chen Ping and Wu Dong were sitting in the living room, and there was no one to entertain them. It was obvious that these Song family members did not think that Song Tie was really rescued by the two of them, they might have just pa*sed by and picked up the pieces!
Song Tie changed his clothes and came to the living room, sat on the sofa on the other side and looked at Chen Ping carefully: “Did you really save me? You don’t look like a master either?”
Even Song Tie himself didn’t believe that Chen Ping had the strength to save himself from those highly powerful robbers!
Since Song Tie didn’t believe her, Chen Ping ignored her and drank his tea silently with his head bowed!
On the contrary, it was that Wu Dong who was looking at Song Tie with glowing eyes, looking for topics to talk to Song Tie from time to time, living like a licking dog!
Although the Wu family had strength in Jiangbei province city, there was no way to compare with the Song family, knowing that the word mine boss directly crushed most of the families!
“Miss Song, I heard that you have a new song, when will it be released?”
“Miss Song, when are you going to have a concert in Jiangbei province, I will definitely go to support you, bring hundreds of brothers to support you!”
“Miss Song, are you at home now on holiday or are you looking for inspiration?”
Wu Dong chattered on and on, Song Tie was impatient and answered with one thing or another!
“Buzzing …………”
But at that moment, a bee suddenly flew in from nowhere, buzzing around!
“Ah …………” Song Tie shrieked, his face turning pale: “Bee, bee… ………”
It could be seen that Song Tie was scared!
Seeing this, Wu Dong knew that the opportunity had come and immediately turned to Song Tie and said, “Don’t be afraid, Miss Song, I’ll protect you!”
The bee was not only a good choice, but it was also a good choice for the bee.
Song Tie was so scared that she curled up in the corner of the sofa, her face getting whiter and whiter, terrified, she had been stung by bees when she was a child, so she was scared when she saw them!
Chen Ping, who had been drinking tea without saying a word, frowned slightly and looked a little impatient, only to see a flick of his finger, and the bees that were flying around instantly fell to the ground!