“Come in, you two!”
Gu Wentian nodded slightly towards Chen Ping as a greeting!
In his opinion, a young backwoodsman in his early twenties who could be called sir by Lin Tianhu must have had money and power in his family to be so respected by Lin Tianhu, not because he had strength!
Lin Tianhu and Chen Ping walked into Gu Mantian’s mansion, and once they entered, Chen Ping felt a burst of dense aura coming over him, and in the courtyard several large trees, which were as thick as a hug, blocked out a large area of sunlight!
As he continued to walk forward, the rockery, the buildings and pavilions were each emitting a strong aura of antiquity!
“Ancient these trees, they have years, right?”
Chen Ping looked at the large trees and couldn’t help but ask.
Because all of this dense aura was emanating from these big trees!
“Mr. Chen, these ancient trees, all of them are hundreds of years old, and it is because of these trees that the ancient courtyard was built here.”
Lin Tianhu followed Chen Ping and explained!
Chen Ping nodded slightly, he could understand the reason why Gu Wentian, the provincial governor, had chosen to come to this small Hongcheng to spend his old age in peace!
This place had an abundance of spiritual energy, so it was indeed suitable for retirement, and living here for a long time, nourished by the spiritual energy, the body would become more and more youthful and hardened!
After pa*sing through a corridor, Gu Mantian led Lin Tianhu and Chen Ping into the hall. The whole hall was filled with ancient furniture, each of which was hundreds of years old, and there was even a dragon chair carved with nine huge dragons placed in the middle of the hall!
There was a golden cushion on top of the dragon chair, it looked like someone often sat on it!
Chen Ping looked at the dragon chair and frowned slightly, his expression turning a little odd!
“You two sit down!”
Gu Wentian casually waved his hand before sitting himself directly on top of that dragon chair!
After Lin Tianhu and Chen Ping took their seats, Gu Wentian had his subordinates pour tea!
“Master Tiger, there is no matter what, if there is anything I need to help you with, just say it!”
Gu Wentian knew that Lin Tianhu had come, he must have something to ask him!
Lin Tianhu looked at Chen Ping, who spoke, “We know that Ancient loves collecting, so we would like to ask Ancient if there are any spirit pens here, the brushes used by the great literary figures in ancient times, and vermilion made from animal blood!”
“Spiritual pens?” Ancient Man Tian pondered with a slight frown.
“Ancient, of course we won’t ask for ancient things for nothing, as long as ancient has them here, the price is whatever ancient asks, I, Lin Tianhu, will never return the favor!”
Lin Tianhu hurriedly said in order to keep Ancient Man Tian from having any worries.
“What are you talking about, Master Tiger?” Gu Wentian smiled lightly, “If I had it, there would be no harm in giving it to you, does money mean anything to me?”
“Yes, yes, yes, Ancient regards money like dirt!” Lin Tianhu nodded his head repeatedly.
“Things like brushes are inherently consumable, so it’s almost impossible to keep used brushes, and as for that vermilion made from animal blood, I’ve never even heard of it.” Gu Wentian shook his head, but then continued, “But to find such things, perhaps there are more among the Daoist temples than I have here, after all, these Daoist priests need to draw charms to drive away ghosts, and the brushes they use might have a spiritual nature!”
He had forgotten about this, the brushes used by those Daoist priests to drive away ghosts and draw charms must have spiritual properties, including the vermilion sand used, he could just go to the Daoist temple to look for them, why come to the Antique Street to look around!
“Thanks for the ancient reminder!” Chen Ping got up and gave a salute towards Gu Wentian!
“Hahaha, you’re welcome, I was just mentioning it casually!”
Gu Mantian laughed!
“Ancient, dare I ask where the dragon chair beneath you comes from?”
Chen Ping asked.
“What? Do you also see that this dragon chair is extraordinary?” Gu Mantian said with a proud look on his face, “I spent a lot of money to purchase this dragon chair back from abroad, it is a real dragon chair, something from the Ming Dynasty, the true Dragon Emperor sat on it.”
Gu Mantian gently stroked the dragon chair beneath him, and it was clear that he was very fond of it.