“How could this be? This assessment formation was all set up by Old Man himself?”
Elder Cui frowned!
Chen Ping saw that Liu Sh*tong seemed to be afraid of this Elder Cui, so he asked in a low voice, “Senior brother, is this Elder Cui someone from the new Sect Master?”
Wei Qing shook his head and said, “No, this Elder Cui is not the new Sect Master’s person, nor is he the old Sect Master’s person.”
“In the Violet Flame Sect, Elder Cui is the only one who doesn’t take sides and is so unselfish that they are all afraid of him.”
“The formations in the entire Purple Flame Sect were all set up by Elder Cui, no matter who is the Sect Leader, no one dares to offend Elder Cui.”
Hearing Wei Qing’s words, Chen Ping knew that this Elder Cui turned out to be a senior formation master!
After all, in the Celestial Realm, formation masters were also very scarce, and for a sect to have a senior formation master would be a treasure.
No wonder this Liu Sh*tong was also so afraid!
Only to see that Elder Cui casually draw down a few formation patterns, followed by the place of assessment flickering with white light!
Soon, Elder Cui’s face became very ugly as he said, “The sudden increase in the power of the Supreme Fire of the Examination Place proves that someone has increased the Supreme Fire of the Examination Place, who on earth did this?”
After saying that, Elder Cui swept his gaze grimly over the faces of the people, because only those who participated in the examination could increase the aura of the Supreme Flame, and there was no way to control it outside!
Liu Sh*tong couldn’t help but swallow his saliva as he listened to Elder Cui’s words, and his expression became a little unnatural!
And that Lu San was even trembling slightly!
He was only an outer disciple, he couldn’t afford such a big thing!
When Elder Cui’s gaze landed on that Lu San, Lu San directly urinated!
Seeing Lu San in that state, even a fool would know who did it!
However, that Lu San was an outer disciple, obviously he hadn’t fully grasped the Violet Flame Sect’s Supreme Fire yet, and it was impossible to make the Supreme Fire in the place of assessment increase!
“What is your name?”
Elder Cui looked at that Lu San and asked coldly!
“Disciple …… disciple called Lu San ……”
Lu San trembled and stuttered!
“Do you know why this to fire exploded?” Elder Cui asked!
Lu San froze and secretly glanced at Liu Sh*tong, who was desperately making eyes after that Lu San!
He absolutely could not let that Lu San tell the truth!
Seeing Liu Sh*tong’s wink, Lu San then shook his head and said, “Disciple doesn’t know, disciple’s supreme fire hasn’t been fully comprehended yet, and the supreme fire aura is extremely weak, it’s not possible to make the land of examination’s supreme fire increase.”
Lu San directly told the matter that he had not practised his To Fire to the fullest!
Elder Cui looked at Lu San, he knew that Lu San wasn’t lying, this guy just hadn’t been able to practise the Supreme Flame, so he was still just an outer disciple after being at the sixth level of the Transition Realm!
This time, he had also just practised some of the Supreme Flame aura, so that was why he was assessed as an inner disciple!
“Elder Cui, the entire disciples who took the test didn’t have a lot of Supreme Flame breaths mastered, it’s impossible for the test Supreme Flame to suddenly increase.”
“But there is someone who has already grasped a large number of to-fire breaths and is still mixed in with the inner disciple assessment.”
After Liu Sh*tong glanced at Qian Xiu, he suddenly had a plan in mind and wanted to falsely accuse that Qian Xiu!
“Who is it?”
Elder Cui frowned and said!
“It’s her, Elder Hu’s beloved disciple Qian Xiu.”
“She’s an examination deacon’s and is fully capable of quickly passing the inner disciple examination hurdles in front of her, yet she’s grinding her wheels and following those inner disciple examination people.”
“I think there must be some plans, maybe the sudden increase in the explosion of the to fire in the place of assessment this time is her messing around!”
Liu Sh*tong pointed at Qian Xiu and directly came up with a backwards rake!
This kind of operation could make Qian Xiu confused, even Wei Qing was shocked!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, had his eyes slightly glazed over, he did not expect this Liu Sh*tong to be shameless to this extent!