Ning Hai was silent, he was also a little overwhelmed.
If Chen Ping really made a breakthrough, it would be uncertain who would live and who would die when the time came.
There was also the main point, and that was Chen Ping’s relationship with Mr Shi as he followed him.
When Chen Ping was in the south, he could go after him and kill him.
But now that Chen Ping was back in Kyoto, he was right under Mr Shi’s nose.
If Chen Ping were to be defeated in a real challenge, would Mr Shi come to his rescue?
This was something that no one could say.
At the beginning, when Chen Ping had made a scene at the Ning family and was besieged by the crowd, and was about to have Chen Ping killed, Mr Shi appeared.
It was obvious that Mr. Shi did not want Chen Ping to die.
Ning Hai is caught in a dilemma, he can neither fight Chen Ping nor not fight him!
After thinking again and again, Ning Hai looked at Ning Zhi and said, “You should go out with me tomorrow, and not follow that Chen Ping head-on for now.”
“That Chen Ping has the backing of Mr. Shi behind him, if we get into a tussle with him, it will be the other clans and families that will be pleased in the end!”
“Dad, what do you mean, let’s hide out and concede?”
Ning Zhi asked, looking to Ning Dahai.
“b*****d, what do you mean by conceding, we are temporarily avoiding their fronts ……”
Ning Hai said with a glare.
With a twinkle in his eye, Ning Zhi suddenly said, “Dad, I can find someone to deal with that Chen Ping!”
“What kind of person?”
Ning Dahai asked as he froze.
“The number one family in the Desert North, Luo Jingyou, the head of the Luo family ……”
Ning Zhi said with a grim smile on his face.
“The Luo family head? Could it be that the Luo family follows Chen Ping with a grudge?”
Ning Hai asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“Of course there’s an enmity ……”
Ning Zhi smiled and then told the story after Ning Hai!
When Ning Hai heard that Ning Zhi had killed Luo Xiang and Luo Jinzuo, and then framed Chen Ping, his face turned a little ugly!
He looked at Ning Zhi with a bit of disgust in his eyes.
Only that Ning Zhi was his son, so he couldn’t do anything about it.
But for Ning Zhi’s sinister character, Ning Hai was not very fond of it either.
As an old martial marquis, he did not like to use such despicable means.
“Alright, you don’t need to care about this matter, just come out with me tomorrow ……”
Ning Hai waved his hand.
Seeing that his father did not agree, Ning Zhi did not say anything else and directly retreated.
…………
Kyoto, some hotel!
Long Wu was full of excitement as he surveyed Chen Ping, his heart so happy that he couldn’t describe it in words anymore.
He thought that Chen Ping was dead, thought that Missy was forever hopeless.
But now, not only was Chen Ping not dead, he had even broken through to Martial Marquis, so it seemed that saving Missy was in sight!
“Uncle Long, when I destroy the Ning Family, I will go to the Martial Alliance and the Dragon Family, save Yu Qi and my mother, and we will have a reunion year together ……”
Chen Ping said with a determined face.
Long Wu was silent for a moment, then said, “Chen Ping, you should not underestimate the Long Family and the Martial Dao Alliance either, you should be prepared enough to do so.”
“Uncle Long, I know, but I always have to give it a try, I believe that in Kyoto, they wouldn’t dare to blatantly kill me, and Mr. Shi wouldn’t agree with them doing that!”
Chen Ping now dared to do so, also because he had Mr. Shi behind him.
“Chen Ping, then why would Mr. Shi help you so much?”
“Would he have any intentions?”
Long Wu frowned and said.
“I don’t know, but Mr. Shi said that by helping me, he was helping himself, and I don’t understand what that means!”
Chen Ping said.
“You can’t harm others, but you can’t guard against them, you should be more careful yourself, when you go to Ning’s house tomorrow, you should be extremely careful!”
Long Wu admonished Chen Ping.
“En, don’t worry Uncle Long!”
Chen Ping nodded his head.
“It’s getting late, rest early and get your strength back!”
After Long Wu finished speaking, he let Gu Ling’er and the girls all go back to their respective rooms to rest, he was afraid that the three girls would disturb Chen Ping’s rest.