Chen Ping could only follow the old man helplessly!
Not knowing where the old man was going to take himself to, Chen Ping at this time suddenly had the feeling of a fish on a plate, this was to be slaughtered!
Soon, they stopped at a tattered thatched hut, there were three thatched huts in total, it was simply more broken than a dog kennel!
The sunlight shone through the roof, and it was able to shine inside the room!
Walking in, only to see that the inside is even more shabby and inhuman, is this a place where people can live?
“Senior, you …… don’t tell me that you live here, right?”
Chen Ping’s face was full of surprise!
After all, this was also the Divine Ripple Ancestor of the Two Yi Sect ah, not to say that he lived in that kind of opulent palace, but at least he had to have his own mansion!
What is the meaning of these thatched roofs?
Is the Two Element Sect that poor?
“What? You think this place is too shabby? I can tell you, those elders and masters of the Two Element Sect are always begging to come and live here.”
“I don’t let them come, I’m so quiet here, no one disturbs my cultivation.”
“All are cultivators, don’t care about those external circumstances!”
The old man said!
This not caring can be fine, but it can’t be this broken?
Chen Ping was simply speechless!
“Are you planning to let me stay here with you to cultivate?”
Chen Ping said as he looked at the humble house!
“No, it is you who will cultivate here by yourself, I have other things to do, how can I have the time to accompany you here.”
The old man said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he became anxious, “You took me as a disciple, and you still don’t teach me, leaving me here by myself, are you taking in a disciple?”
“Don’t be anxious, since I’m accepting you, I will definitely teach you.”
After the old man finished speaking, he directly took out a little white mouse from inside his sleeve and gently stroked it saying, “You teach your senior brother well here ……”
After saying that, the old man let go of that little white mouse!
“Have you got it wrong? Letting a mouse teach me divine patterns?”
Chen Ping rolled his eyes in anger!
He somewhat regretted following the old man!
What was this called, letting a mouse teach himself!
“What are you talking about? This is your senior brother, when I was cultivating, it was one of it that accompanied me, the divine patterns that it has learnt over the years, you can’t compare it to.”
After the old man finished speaking, he turned to the little white mouse and said, “Go and lay down formations around the house, only after he learnt it, can he leave here.”
The little white mouse nodded, only to run quickly!
Soon, a bright divine pattern appeared, and then the entire thatched house was enveloped by the formation!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded when he saw this!
In this Celestial Realm, it was important to know that formation masters were few and far between, very rare!
But now, a mouse could even form a formation!
“You learn well from your senior brother, only after you have learnt and broken this formation, can you leave this room, otherwise you will be stuck here for the rest of your life!”
After saying that, the old man turned around and left!
“Don’t go ah, I ……”
Chen Ping wanted to rush out, but just as he reached the door, he was sent flying back by a huge force!
Chen Ping searched for where the eye of the formation was, wanting to break the formation and leave!
To have him follow a mouse to learn about divine patterns, wasn’t that a joke!
However, Chen Ping tried for half a day, but there was no way to open that formation.
The little white mouse jumped onto the table and squeaked, seemingly taunting Chen Ping!
“You still dare to taunt me, let’s see if I don’t slap you flat ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping slapped his palm towards the little white mouse!
However, as Chen Ping slapped his palm, golden light flashed on that little white mouse, which then transformed into a middle-aged man of about thirty!
“Senior brother, how dare you make a move against senior brother, be careful I will report to master and make you suffer properly!”
The middle-aged man said!
Seeing the little white mouse take human form, Chen Ping hurriedly withdrew his hand, he did not expect this little white mouse to be able to take form!
“Senior brother, I’m sorry, I didn’t expect you to be able to take shape.”
Chen Ping said awkwardly!