In the middle of a deep mountain residence!
Shi was writing furiously, not knowing what he was writing!
However, looking at Shi’s aura, it was obviously much better, following the battle with Ask Haotian and losing a bilocation had caused Shi to suffer a great deal of vitality as well!
But after this period of recuperation, Shi was looking good!
“Mr Shi, that Chen Ping killed the son of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Lord ……”
Suddenly, a young girl in a white dress walked in and said!
The brush in Mr Shi’s hand lurched, and the words he had just written were directly destroyed!
“This guy, just how long has he been here, and he has caused such a big trouble.”
Mr Shi revealed a bitter smile, “What realm is that Chen Ping in now ……”
“First rank of the Transition Realm, but he has a divine weapon in his hand, and he’s not the least bit afraid to follow a sixth rank of the Transition Realm into battle.”
“And he got the Heaven Swallowing Beast from the remains of the Divine Demon Battlefield ……”
The young girl said!
“A Heaven Swallowing Beast?The mount of the Red Cloud Demon Lord?”
There was a hint of surprise on Shi’s face, clearly these were things he hadn’t expected!
“It’s just a Heaven Swallowing Beast that just hatched, I guess it’s not very useful right now.”
The young girl hurriedly explained!
Hearing this, Shi came to a realisation, “I said it was impossible for that old fellow to appear in the Celestial Realm.”
“Has there been any movement in the Fire Burning Sect recently?”
“No, it has been very calm!”The young girl shook her head!
“It’s good that there’s no movement, it looks like I can still enjoy a few days of pure happiness ……”
Mr Shi took a new piece of paper and continued to write!
“Mr Shi, what about Chen Ping?The Demon Sealing Alliance is expected to go on a mad hunt for him soon, do you think you should ……”
The young girl wanted to speak!
“Don’t worry about it, I’m sure he can handle it, and it’s not like he’s alone now, doesn’t he have quite a few friends as well?”
“Let him stir in the Celestial Realm, the meatier the water in the Celestial Realm, the more some stinky fish and shrimps will surface, and it’s time to fix the order in the Celestial Realm.”
Mr Shi finished speaking and began to write quietly again!
The young girl looked at Mr Shi that way and silently retreated!
…………
Blood Spirit Valley!
Because the Valley Master Luo Shouhai was away, all the disciples were all cultivating at ease within the valley!
Compared to the disciples of the Blood Spirit Peak, the disciples of the Blood Spirit Valley were all much more peaceful!
However, while the disciples of Blood Spirit Valley were cultivating, Cheng Jinghui arrived with a large number of Blood Spirit Peak disciples!
After knowing that his disciple had indeed been killed by Chen Ping, Cheng Jinghui simply could not swallow his breath!
He knew that Chen Ping was following Luo Shouhai, so he brought his men to find him!
“Luo Shouhai, come out to me ……”
Cheng Jinghui came to the gate of the Blood Spirit Valley and shouted loudly!
Seeing this, two Blood Spirit Valley disciples rushed over, “Senior uncle, our master is not in the valley, I don’t know what you’re looking for him for?”
Because Cheng Jinghui and Luo Shouhai were senior brothers, the two Blood Spirit Valley disciples were still polite to him!
“Not in?”
Cheng Jinghui’s eyes were filled with killing intent, “Is he absent, or is he hiding from me?”
“Senior Uncle, Master, he really isn’t in!”
The two Blood Spirit Valley disciples said sincerely!
“I don’t believe it, he’s just trying to hide from me, there’s also that Chen Ping who is definitely in there as well.”
Cheng Jing would say, about to barge in towards the Blood Spirit Valley!
“Senior uncle, you ……”
Two Blood Spirit Valley disciples were about to block, but Cheng Jinghui’s palms came out and directly slapped the two Blood Spirit Valley disciples to death!
“Kill for me, if that Luo Shouhai doesn’t show up today, I will kill all of his disciples.”
“I’ll make them pay for their blood debts ……”
Cheng Jinghui waved his big hand!
“Kill …………”
The many disciples of the Blood Spirit Peak rushed towards the Blood Spirit Valley!
For a time, the sound of killing shook the sky, and the disciples of the Blood Spirit Valley were caught off guard!
Coupled with the fact that the group of dragons was leaderless, after only half an hour, the disciples of the Blood Spirit Valley were unexpectedly slaughtered!