When Chen Ping said this, he obviously remembered that he was just being angry at that Gu Tianzhao!
“Kid, you don’t have to be crazy, today I will make your life worse than death ……”
After Gu Tianzhao finished speaking, a black mist filled his palms!
The black mist transformed into two stern ghosts, rising up to the sky, intertwining and circling around each other, while also emitting a burst of ghostly noise!
This sound made the crowd only feel a chill.
“Twin ghosts asking for the sky, Mr Chen be careful ……”
When Elder Cui saw the technique that Gu Tianzhao had performed, he was immediately alarmed and reminded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had just saved one of him, and Elder Cui was very grateful!
Only to see those two stern ghosts rushing towards the clouds, in a moment the entire sky changed colour, followed by a ghostly face even bigger than the Purple Flame Gate appearing in mid-air!
The ghost face had a large mouth and looked down at all the people below!
Seeing this immense and incomparable ghost face, everyone was in a state of shock!
“Kid, you receive the baptism of the Ghost King properly!”
Gu Tianzhao said as he looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile!
“Ghost King?” Chen Ping smiled disdainfully, “A mere illusion, you can fool others, how can you fool me ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a golden light appeared on his body, accompanied by a dragon roar, a golden dragon appeared hovering above Chen Ping’s head!
Since he had already exposed his identity, so Chen Ping had nothing to fear!
Only to see that golden dragon soar into the sky, spewing out a large amount of flames towards that huge ghost face!
That ghost face, on the other hand, collapsed at the touch of the golden dragon’s impact and disappeared instantly!
Gu Tianzhao was startled and his brows instantly furrowed!
“It is not polite to come and not go ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the Origin of Illusion in the Origin Star began to rise and flicker continuously!
Chen Ping, who was sensing the Origin of Illusion, it was simply laughable that this Gu Tianzhao still wanted to use illusions to confuse Chen Ping!
With the outbreak of the Origin of Illusion, Gu Tianzhao’s face was startled and he instinctively wanted to retreat, but before he could do so, there was a sudden blackness in front of him!
Immediately after, the screen turned and he saw a white-haired old man appear, looking at him majestically!
“Father …………”
Gu Tianzhao’s face was filled with shock, then he cried, “Father, I can’t believe I’m seeing you!”
In the eyes of the crowd, they saw Gu Tianzhao’s face suddenly change, and then he kept shouting father towards Chen Ping!
This sudden scene made many people couldn’t help but laugh!
The crowd clearly knew that this Gu Tianzhao had been hit by an illusion!
“Little ………… Mr Chen, this illusion art of yours is really powerful!”
Zhu Ling said with a smile on her face as she approached Chen Ping!
She just wanted to get close to Chen Ping and take a good look at him!
Zhu Ling had wanted to continue calling Chen Ping Junior Senior Brother, but she realised that there was something wrong with it, so she hurriedly changed her words!
“Senior sister, just call me Junior Senior Brother, no matter who I am, am I not your Junior Senior Brother?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile at Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling had already been in the throes of spring at this moment, and hurriedly nodded her head, “Yes, you will always be my little senior brother!”
Chen Ping was dealing with that Gu Tianzhao, and even had the time to flirt, which in the eyes of that Huo Yuan Ting’s father and son, they were all going to die of anger!
But at this moment, in Gu Tianzhao’s eyes, his own wife had even appeared and was flirting with his own father!
This pissed him off!
“Father, you even followed your own daughter-in-law to have an affair, you cuckolded me, thanks to me thinking about you for so many years, I’m going to kill you ……”
Gu Tianzhao shouted, wanting to follow Chen Ping and fight for his life!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, waved his palm, and a formation instantly enveloped Gu Tianzhao, who himself was in the formation, jumping up and down and shouting like a monkey!
The crowd couldn’t help but laugh out loud, feeling that this Chen Ping had used an illusion to make Gu Tianzhao wear a green hat, or his own father did!
This kind of stimulation and blow, I am afraid that Gu Tianzhao would find it hard to bear, even if the illusion formation was dispersed, and Gu Tianzhao regained his sobriety, it was estimated that he would still have to suffer a great deal of stimulation!