Ning Zhi slowly walked towards the divine altar, surprisingly ignoring anyone at all, four black and gold robes stood to Ning Zhi’s left and right, the people around him could only watch, no one dared to make a sound!
Even that Lv factory, he was frowning, if he had known it was like this, he would have brought more experts with him!
Now that the aura had revived, they were on Penglai Island, they could be free from the suppression of the laws of heaven and earth, and their strength would be restored!
Chen Ping looked at Ning Zhi who kept approaching the divine altar, his hands slightly clenched into fists, tempted to strike, but he was gently pulled by Hu Ma Zi and shook his head towards Chen Ping!
The four black and gold robes were all Martial Saints, Chen Ping had no chance of winning if he made a move at this time!
Moreover, all these people around them had their own thoughts, and no one would help Chen Ping and the others.
In this way, under the gaze of the crowd, Ning Zhi slowly walked to the divine altar, feeling the aura emanating from his body, Ning Zhi looked like he was enjoying himself!
Soon, Ning Zhi’s body shook violently, followed by a black shadow slowly separating from Ning Zhi’s body!
The originally domineering aura of Ning Zhi’s body was noticeably weaker after that black shadow separated and appeared!
The black shadow stood in front of the divine altar and gently touched it with one hand!
Immediately afterwards a ray of light entered the black shadow’s body, and slowly the black shadow began to become substantial, and in the end it actually turned into a living, breathing person!
And this person was the devil amba*sador inside Ning Zhi!
Looking at his own body, the demon amba*sador suddenly burst into a wild laugh!
“Hahahaha …… hahahaha …………”
“The aura has revived, I no longer have to live in the darkness ……”
The devil amba*sador threw back his head and laughed.
Although Ning Zhi had lost a lot of strength due to that Devil Envoy detaching himself from his body, he nevertheless did not dare to say a single word of complaint and hurriedly fell to his knees!
“Greeting the Rebirth of Lord Demon Amba*sador ……”
Ning Zhi shouted loudly.
The four black and gold robes also hurriedly fell to their knees and shouted in unison!
When the many people from the clans and families saw what was happening before them, they couldn’t help but suck in a cold breath!
It turned out that these people in front of them were all demonic cultivators!
“Ning Zhi, tell these people to get lost or die, this place has been taken over by our Martial Alliance.”
The devil amba*sador said to Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi nodded, and then swept a glance towards the crowd.
“The devil amba*sador has orders for you to get lost quickly or all die ……”
Ning Zhi roared with the look of a dog in arms!
But these people were all running to Penglai Island, so how could they leave so easily!
Seeing that the crowd didn’t move, Ning Zhi’s face was cold as he said, “I only give you one minute, those who don’t leave will all die here!”
Hong Qianjiu and the others looked at each other in disbelief, facing four black and gold robes, and now there was some kind of demon amba*sador, it was obvious that this demon amba*sador was even more powerful!
They wouldn’t be able to do anything to each other no matter what, not to mention that they were all fighting on their own and their hearts were not in unison!
“That’s too big a statement for you to make ……”
Saying that, Lu Factory led the men slowly forward!
That martial sage’s aura emanated from his body without any concealment!
Even his several attendants were all at the peak of Great Martial Marquis.
Once such strength came out, so people were shocked, none of them had thought that there was a Martial Saint level expert hidden within their group!
When Ning Zhi saw the Lui Factory that came out, his brow just furrowed, he hadn’t even expected that a Martial Saint would appear within this group of people!
But Lui Factory was the only one with Martial Saint strength, so Ning Zhi wasn’t afraid!
But what was strange to Ning Zhi was that there were simply very few Martial Saints left in the entire Martial Dao world, and these Black Gold Robes would never have been able to cultivate to Martial Saint strength if it wasn’t for the fact that the Demon Heart Sect was behind them.
But this Lv Factory in front of him, which clan was he from, to be a Martial Saint at such a young age!
Just as Ning Zhi was puzzled, the demon envoy spoke with a cold smile, “A little young master of Ruined Moon Fort, you dare to stand out and say big words, even if your father Lu Buwei came, he wouldn’t dare to fart ……”