Through the eyes of the two people, Chen Ping also seemed to be able to guess what was going on, plus the fact that the house had been put under a formation, there must be something fishy about it.
“Auntie mother, hold out your hand, I’ll show you first ……”
Ning Yu gently put his hand on Ren Sicong’s mother’s wrist, with his eyes slightly closed, much like that.
The first time you look at the way Chen Ping just looked at the illness, he didn’t check the pulse, nor did he look carefully, he knew everything just by looking at it alone, which played more or less too vague.
If Sun Simiao hadn’t recommended him, Ren Xian wouldn’t have trusted Chen Ping so much and given him a gift, he would have been driven out as a fraud.
A few moments later, that Ning Yu got up, Ren Sicong hurriedly asked, “Ning Yu, my mother, is she alright?”
“Sicong, there’s nothing serious wrong with my aunt, she’s just been invaded by Yin Qi, causing migraines all the time, just take me to force that Yin Qi out of my aunt’s body!”
When Ning Yu finished speaking, he pulled out a talisman from nowhere and recited the words under his breath, before fiercely sticking it on top of Ren Sicong’s mother’s forehead.
He saw that Ren Sicong’s mother was immobilized, and did not even blink her eyes.
A moment later, a black gas began to rise from the top of Ren Sicong’s mother’s head. The black gas was as if it had life, and after coming out of her body, it instantly transformed into a human form and quickly floated towards the window.
“Hmph, still trying to run!”
That Ning Yu coldly snorted and took out a porcelain vase from his pocket and threw it towards that black Qi, which was instantly sucked inside the vase.
After this operation, Ren Xian was dumbfounded, he was only an ordinary person, so he had never seen such a sight.
Even Sun Simiao was shocked. Although Sun Simiao was a martial artist himself, he had not seen many of these techniques to catch ghosts and drive away evil spirits.
After the black gas was sucked into the porcelain vase, the vase instantly flew back into Ning Yu’s hand, and the charm that was affixed to Ren Sicong’s mother’s head instantly turned into a puff of white smoke.
“Look …… see? This Ning Yu is too powerful! It’s not bad to be from the Heavenly Law Pavilion.”
Ren Xian was so subdued that he couldn’t even speak properly.
Sun Simiao nodded vigorously, also filled with shock.
The current Sun Simiao and Ren Xian both seemed to have been convinced by this hand of that Ning Yu.
It was not that Ren Xian was snobbish, but as an ordinary person, he had never seen such a scene, and now that he had suddenly seen it, he had already been completely conquered, and in his eyes, that Ning Yu was like a god-like being.
“I’ve already taken away the Yin Qi inside my aunt’s body, so it won’t be a problem in the future!”
After putting away the porcelain vase, that Ning Yu said indifferently.
“Ning Yu, you are so capable, thank you so much, tell me, how do you want me to repay you?”
Ren Sicong said to Ning Yu with great joy.
“Sicong, we are cla*smates, helping auntie see a doctor, what kind of repayment do you want, that’s so insulting!”
Ning Yu smiled faintly and excused himself.
“Ning Yu, although you and Sicong are cla*smates, we can’t let you help for nothing, and I know the rules of your line of work, you can’t make a trip for nothing, it would break your life expectancy, so tell me, what do you want?”
Ren Xian asked in a good mood.
His own wife’s illness was cured, Ren Xian was happy in his heart.
Seeing Ren Xian say this, Ning Yu said with some embarra*sment, “I didn’t expect Uncle Ren to know the rules of our line of work, since Uncle Ren asked this, then I will ask for one thing from Uncle Ren with a cheeky face ……”
“Say it, what do you want, as long as my Ren family has it, I will give it to you ……”
Ren Xian patted his chest and said.
“I’ve heard that Uncle Ren has a gilt pot, I quite like this kind of thing, I wonder …………”
Ning Yu said, looking at Ren Xian’s face, after seeing Ren Xian’s face change, Ning Yu did not finish his words.