Ji Yun saw that his identity had been exposed, so he didn’t hide it, and directly knelt down in front of the Great Ancestor and said, “Late generation Ji Yun, I pay my respects to the Great Ancestor …….”
Ji Meiling also knelt down and said “Great Ancestor, the sixth brother is the only son of the third uncle, Ji Lianzhang, who just came back some time ago.”
When Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen heard this, they were all shocked, it turned out that Ji Yun was their third uncle Ji Lianzhang’s son, but they had been kept in the dark!
“Alright, all go in, don’t waste any more time, this time the Ancestral Ground opens up for only three days, how much you can harvest is all up to your own destiny.”
The Great Ancestor waved his hand, allowing the crowd to rush into the Ancestral Ground!
As for those strife within the Ji Family, the Great Ancestor was too lazy to care, he only needed to guard this Ancestral Ground!
Soon, the crowd passed through the light gate and entered within the ancestral land!
Many people were entering the ancestral land for the first time, so they were all very nervous, and Ji Yun also had his fists slightly clenched, his face tense!
“Sixth brother, you don’t have to be too nervous, there’s nothing scary about the Ancestral Ground, as long as you don’t go too deep, there won’t be any danger.”
Ji Mei Ling comforted Ji Yun!
After the crowd felt a white light flash before their eyes, a beautiful landscape of green trees and mountains appeared before their eyes!
Many people felt very surprised when they saw this.
They had thought that within this Ancestral Land, there was an aura of terror everywhere, and it was grey and chaotic!
However, they did not expect it to be this kind of beautiful view of Qiong Mountain, which greatly exceeded many people’s expectations!
And the atmosphere here is many times richer than the aura of the Celestial Realm, and even that origin breath is very rich!
It was only that many of these people hadn’t opened the Origin Space, so there was no way to sense the Origin!
“Brother, you said that Third Uncle’s son is here, but Big Uncle even hid it from us, is he up to something?”
Ji Mei Zhen said as she glanced at Ji Yun who was not far away!
“Hmph, he definitely has an agenda, it seems that third uncle is doing well out there, don’t look at sixth brother’s strength, but the friends he’s made are all very powerful, especially that Chen Ping, not only is he a pharmacist, but he was also able to break Duke Qin’s arm.”
“In that case, it seems that the eldest uncle definitely wants to secretly follow the third uncle around, and then unite the power of the third uncle to drive our lineage out.”
Ji Yue carefully analysed!
After all, Ji Lian Jun’s concealment of Ji Yun’s identity must have his own selfish interests, otherwise he wouldn’t have concealed it.
“Brother, your analysis is too right, it seems we need to take action as well, and strive to bring that sixth brother on board, if third uncle’s lineage can support us, then the head of the family seat will definitely be father’s.”
Ji Mei Zhen whispered!
“En, let’s go over to ……,” Ji Yue nodded!
Soon, Ji Meizhen and Ji Yue walked over towards Ji Yun!
“Sixth brother, I really didn’t expect you to be third uncle’s son, why didn’t you tell your sister earlier, if you had told me earlier, there wouldn’t have been a misunderstanding.”
Ji Mei Zhen walked over and followed Ji Yun to get close!
“That’s right, Sixth Brother you treat us too much like outsiders, now that we know your identity, we will definitely take care of you.”
“Don’t look at this ancestral land as a piece of beauty, but it contains a lot of dangers, it’s better for you to follow us, you’ll still be able to take care of anything.”
“If you follow that Ji Meiling, she can’t even protect herself on her own, how can she possibly take care of you!”
Ji Yue also stepped forward, pulling in Ji Yun!
“Ji Yue, Ji Meiling, what do you want? Sixth brother won’t be with the likes of you, are you trying to get something from sixth brother?”
Ji Meiling angrily looked at Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen and asked!
“Ji Meiling, don’t talk nonsense, what can we get from Sixth Brother ah? We’re just worried about Sixth Brother’s safety.”
“Now that it’s just you alone, can you keep Sixth Brother safe? What if you run into danger in this ancestral land?”
Ji Mei Zhen asked disdainfully!