Blood Spirit Peak!
Cheng Jing would have been distracted for a while ever since he slaughtered everyone in Blood Spirit Valley!
Especially just a short while ago, it seemed as if his heart was tightening, as if he was being spied on!
Cheng Jinghui beckoned, and an elder immediately ran over.
“When the Blood Spirit Valley was slaughtered at that time, was the scene cleaned up? Was the scent wiped out?”
Cheng Jinghui said with a slight frown!
“Patriarch, it’s all been taken care of, it’s been so many days, if that Luo Shouhai had any traces, he would have found them long ago.”
The elder whispered!
“That’s good!” Cheng Jinghui nodded, then continued “I asked you to inquire about that Chen Ping, did you find out?”
“I have only enquired that that Chen Ping seemed to have appeared at the five great sects and then left again!”
“He also suffered an interception by the Hu Clan brothers halfway through the journey, as well as hundreds of cultivators from more than a dozen clans and families, large and small, chasing after him.”
“But because a few of the three emperors and four kings of the Beast Race arrived in time to save that Chen Ping, the whereabouts of that Chen Ping are unknown behind them.”
“But that Chen Ping well think that he has been following Luo Shouhai of the Blood Spirit Valley, I think he should be in the Blood Spirit Valley now.”
The elder replied carefully!
“The Blood Spirit Valley is ruined, what’s the use of still being in the Blood Spirit Valley, but my senior brother’s life is really good, to be able to let that Chen Ping follow, at this time if that Chen Ping is given to the Demon Sealing Alliance, that’s worth a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance!”
Cheng Jinghui’s eyes were filled with envy!
“Patriarch, now that many sects and families are capturing that Chen Ping, are we also ……”
The elder made a neck wiping motion!
“If that Chen Ping is really in the Blood Spirit Valley, then that would be fine, I can follow my senior brother and talk about it.”
“After all, a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, I don’t believe he’s not greedy!”
Cheng Jinghui’s eyes narrowed slightly as he said with a lewd expression!
“Patriarch, then should we contact Luo Shouhai and try to find out if that Chen Ping is with him.”
The elder asked!
“No need, you gather a few people, we’ll personally make a trip to the Blood Spirit Valley and find out.”
Cheng Jing would wave his hand and said!
Since the matter of him slaughtering the Blood Spirit Valley had not been exposed, there was no need to worry too much!
At this moment, Luo Shouhai, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and Chen Ping were rapidly heading towards Blood Spirit Peak!
The Blood Spirit Valley and the Blood Spirit Peak were not far apart, one only needed to go up to a mountain peak and they would be there!
“Mr Chen, now that that Demon Sealing Alliance has placed a kill order on you, I’m sure that Blood Spirit Peak must have got the news as well, if you go to Blood Spirit Peak with us like this, it’s not likely that that Cheng Jing will play tricks on you.”
“I think it’s better for you to change your appearance and hide your aura a bit, so that Cheng Jing will not recognise you.”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man said to Chen Ping!
After all, now Chen Ping could be considered a celebrity, and anywhere he went, he could be recognised and hunted down!
In order to avoid some unnecessary trouble, it was only right for Chen Ping to change his face!
Chen Ping now had the Breath Mimicking Technique, so changing his appearance was the easiest thing to do!
“Mr Chen, I think Ghost Elder is right, you’d better change your appearance, my senior brother is insatiable, if he knows about the Demon Sealing Alliance’s execution order against you, he will definitely make a move.”
Luo Shouhai also advised Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only nod his head and then utilised the Breath Mimicry Technique to transform himself into the appearance of a middle-aged man in his early thirties!
The aura on his body was also partially hidden, and he appeared to only have the strength of the Harmonisation Realm!
At a glance, it was really ordinary!
Although it would not be able to withstand the other party’s probing, if someone who had come into contact with Chen Ping would be able to find out as soon as they probed their breath, but it was still useful to fool people who had rarely seen Chen Ping, or even not seen him even once!
Looking at Chen Ping’s transformed appearance, Luo Shouhai nodded, then quickly headed towards the Blood Spirit Peak!