Before Chen Ping had time to react, Ning Hai slapped his palm on Chen Ping’s chest.
Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards like a kite with a broken string, and a large area of scales on his chest fell off and disappeared.
“Brother Chen ……”
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping being knocked out with a slap, Xiao Min and Ji Ru Xue were both full of tension.
Chen Ping fell heavily to the ground, then looked at the two men and said, “Don’t come over ……”
At this moment, Chen Ping’s chest had caved in and it was obvious that a few ribs had been broken!
There was blood spilling out of the corners of his mouth, and the qi and blood in Chen Ping’s body was even scurrying everywhere!
The strength of Ning Hai’s slap exceeded Chen Ping’s imagination.
Fortunately, with the protection of the Incorruptible Golden Body and the fact that Chen Ping’s physical body was also very strong, it did not cause any more damage.
Chen Ping wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and slowly stood up.
Ning Hai looked at Chen Ping and frowned slightly, with a bit of surprise: “You actually resisted this slap of mine, it seems that your fleshly body is strong enough ……”
Ning Dahai was not a newly promoted Martial Marquis now, he had stepped into Martial Marquis for six or seven years, otherwise the Ning Family would not have other sects and families dare to mess with them even if they did not join the Martial Dao Alliance?
Ning Hai was an old Martial Marquis, and had already been known in Kyoto before.
However, he hadn’t expected that he hadn’t been able to kill Chen Ping with this slap.
“It is you who is too weak ……”
Chen Ping looked at Ning Hai coldly, although Ning Hai’s strength, far surpa*sed his, Chen Ping would never admit defeat and yield.
Ning Dahai’s face was cold, he did not expect this fellow Chen Ping, his mouth was quite hard, he was like this, and he still dared to say such words.
“I’ll let you have a tough mouth, go to hell ……”
Ning Dahai had a furious look on his face, then his body instantly disappeared, almost in an instant, and he arrived in front of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping has long been staring at Ning Hai, not daring to have the slightest distraction, at the moment Ning Hai moved, the sweat hairs of Chen Ping’s entire body had long since exploded.
“Holy Light Fist …………”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry, even though he had not yet seen Ning Hai’s figure, Chen Ping’s fist had already swung out.
Chen Ping knew that by the time he saw Ning Hai’s figure, it would be too late to make his move.
Chen Ping’s fist was wrapped in golden light, a swimming golden dragon wrapped around his arm.
The power of the divine dragon was all brought into play by Chen Ping.
“The Power of the Divine Dragon ……”
Ning Hai’s eyes faintly stared, and then fiercely slapped Chen Ping’s chest position.
This slap contained all of Ning Hai’s internal energy, not to mention Chen Ping, a half-step Martial Martial Marquis, even a true Martial Marquis would not dare to follow Ning Hai’s hard resistance!
Boom ……
There was a shocking sound, Chen Ping’s arm instantly twisted, and his body flew backwards.
And that Ning Dahai did not stand still this time, his body shook and swayed as a burst of pain came from his palm!
Surprise appeared in Ning Dahai’s eyes as he looked at Chen Ping with some incredulity.
“The power of the divine Dragon, it is truly extraordinary ……”
Ning Hai’s eyes were filled with greed as he looked at Chen Ping.
While Chen Ping looked at his twisted arm, his other hand instantly tugged and recovered the twisted arm.
Just now, he had mobilized almost all of his divine dragon’s power to be able to block Ning Hai’s slap.
But now Chen Ping knew that the divine Dragon Force in his body could not possibly sustain him in battle down.
“Kid, hand over the Dragon Crystal in your body and I’ll let you die a painful death straight away, what do you think?”
Ning Hai was also interested in the dragon crystal within Chen Ping’s body.
“How can a dragon crystal be obtained by someone like you, you are a bandit just like your son, your entire Ning family, are all male and female thieves ……”
Chen Ping hurled insults at Ning Hai.
“Little beast, you seek death ……”
Ning Dahai’s face was icy cold, and the anger in his body continued to rise up.