“I didn’t think that Lord Sun City’s daughter would be sick, I remember that she was fine a while ago.”
Cai Hongwei sighed a little after hearing this!
“Boss Cai, you know this Meteor Sun City Lord?” Elder Miao asked!
If Cai Hongwei knew this Meteor Sun City Lord, then it would be much more convenient, and they could totally go to the City Lord’s Mansion for two days to repair.
But who knows, Cai Hongwei shook his head “Where do I know, but I’ve just seen him a few times occasionally.”
“Although I don’t know the City Lord, I do have friends in this Meteor Sun City, so there’s no need to worry about the cultivation.”
After saying that, Cai Hongwei led the crowd towards the centre of the city!
The City Lord’s Mansion was located in the centre of the city and was built in a magnificent manner, following the somewhat dilapidated city gates of Meteor Sun City, it was not known how much more luxurious it was compared to!
It seems that this Meteor Sun City’s City Lord, is also a person who likes to enjoy, surprisingly in this somewhat dilapidated Meteor Sun City, built such a luxurious City Lord’s Mansion!
On the side of this City Lord’s Mansion, there is a compound that is not very large, the compound looks weathered, but it is not dilapidated!
Cai Hongwei directly led the crowd and walked into that compound!
Just after walking into the compound, Chen Ping was the one who had a slight wrinkle every day, he felt that in this compound, there seemed to be the presence of Immortal Qi!
However, this was not the Chilian Mountain Range, so how could there be a presence of Immortal Qi?
The aura was very faint, but it was still captured by Chen Ping!
“Master, what’s wrong?” Fire Phoenix asked!
“Nothing!” Chen Ping shook his head!
“Old Jia, there’s a guest, pick up the guest …………”
As soon as Cai Hongwei entered the door, he yelled loudly!
Those who didn’t know, thought that this was entering the Elysium!
Soon, a hunchbacked old man walked out with a walking stick in his hand.
“Old Cai, there are quite a few people this time ah, but you guys came a bit late, so you can only be aggrieved to squeeze in the east room.”
> That old Jia swept a glance and said.
Cai Hongwei froze, then said with some incredulity “Old Jia, you have a guest here?”
Old Jia nodded!
“You guy, you don’t lack food or clothes, and you don’t lack money words, why did you really start taking guests?”
Cai Hongwei asked in disbelief!
“Pick up a fart guest, all are acquaintances, I can’t help it, as soon as the news of this Heavenly Demon Mountain was spread out, people from the five domains of the Celestial Realm all ran towards this side.”
“I know you will definitely come, so I purposely left the east room for you, otherwise the east room would not be available, you would sleep on the street.”
After Old Jia finished speaking, he turned around and walked into the house!
Seeing this, Cai Hongwei could only lead the crowd to follow him in!
Cai Hongwei let the crowd assign themselves to their rooms while he sat in the hall and followed that old Jia to chat!
It was obvious that the two were familiar with each other and spoke without fear!
“Old Jia, I heard that that City Lord Sun’s daughter is sick, it seems to be quite serious.”
Cai Hongwei asked!
“That’s not true, it’s been many days, looked for several pharmacists, all of them are crap, they didn’t cure it at all, and it was directly killed by my great niece.”
“I know the rumours in the streets that it was my brother who killed those medicine masters, but in fact it wasn’t at all.”
Old Jia said, looked around, found no one this only whispered “My great niece do not know what happened, suddenly onset, every onset, will become manic, and indiscriminate killing.”
“Those pharmacists are not cured, was killed by my great niece, my brother even in the brutality, it is impossible to kill those pharmacists.”
“Now the rumours are spreading everywhere, no pharmacist dares to come to the door anymore, my brother is also worried to death.”
When Cai Hongwei heard this, he was surprised, he always felt that this Sun City Lord’s daughter’s problem, how is it as if she had been hit by a poisoned tent in the Chilian Mountain Range!
But after being hit by the poison tent, she only temporarily lost her mind and became brutal!