“You don’t know, this Ling Feng is used to being powerful in Hongcheng, although Mayor Ling is clean and honest, but because he is busy with his work, so he is not at all clear about this Ling Feng, and no one dares to talk to him, so it has become this way now, this matter I’d better go to ask Ancient!”
Su Wenzong finished speaking and went straight away to ask Ancient to ask Ancient!
“You really shouldn’t have hit so hard, this is really troublesome now!”
Su Yuqi said as she gave Chen Ping a helpless look.
“I’ll beat up anyone who touches you, not even the King of Heaven!”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi and said with a face full of seriousness.
Looking at Chen Ping’s serious look, Su Yuqi’s heart was sweet and she gave Chen Ping a white look and said, “You’d better go out and hide, let my father look for ancient times, when things are settled, you’ll come back!”
Su Yuqi pushed Chen Ping away, she was afraid that later on that Ling Feng would really find someone to come and look for trouble!
Chen Ping had no choice, after being pushed out by Su Yuqi, he could only go home first, the resources inside the Seven Star Disk was still enough for him to cultivate for a day, after he went home Chen Ping didn’t go anywhere, he just cultivated in his room!
Early the next morning!
Su Wenzong personally called Chen Ping and asked him to go to the Su family.
When Chen Ping arrived at Su’s house, he found that Su Wenzong had prepared a whole trunk full of gifts!
“Chen Ping, I’ll take you to Mayor Ling’s house later, talk to Mayor Ling properly, make amends and apologize, I feel that Mayor Ling is a Avray righteous person, he won’t make things difficult for you!”
Su Wenzong followed Chen Ping and said.
Chen Ping wanted to refuse, but seeing Su Wenzong’s dark circles under his eyes, it was obvious that he had not bothered much about himself yesterday, so Chen Ping nodded his head and agreed!
Su Yuqi originally wanted to go along, but Su Wenzong was afraid that if Su Yuqi went along and got into a conflict, it would be more than worth it, so he didn’t let her go along.
After getting ready, Su Wenzong drove Chen Ping to Mayor Ling’s house!
The mayor’s name was Ling Zhenchuan, who had been a handful in Hongcheng for more than ten years, and with his own strength, he had slowly developed a small city in Hongcheng into what it was today, and was a very capable official.
Soon, the car stopped at an old neighbourhood, a small house with only two floors and an area of more than 200 square feet, which was Ling Zhenchuan’s current home!
It was unusual for the head of a city to live in such a place, but in front of this small house, there was a multi-million dollar luxury car parked, which followed the building very badly!
“Once inside, you should say less and never be impulsive!”
Su Wenzong admonished Chen Ping again!
Chen Ping could only nod his head.
After ringing the doorbell, the door was soon opened by a middle-aged woman wearing an apron, this person was none other than Ling Zhenchuan’s wife, Wang Hui!
“Madam Ling, we have an appointment following Mayor Ling!”
Immediately after Su Wenzong saw the middle-aged woman, he said with a polite face!
When Chen Ping heard that this person was actually the mayor’s wife, he couldn’t help but be astonished that the wife of the head of a city was so plain!
“Lao Su ah, come in quickly, Lao Ling told me ……” Wang Hui opened the door and warmly welcomed Su Wenzong and Chen Ping in: “You said you came just as you came, and even brought something with you, it’s not like you don’t know Lao Ling’s temper! ”
“Madam Ling, these are some milk, honey, the value is definitely not more than a thousand dollars!”
Su Wenzong hurriedly explained!
Ling Zhenchuan had a rule that he could not bring gifts to his home, even if they were friends or relatives visiting, the value of the gifts brought could not exceed one thousand, otherwise he would simply not accept them!
Hearing Su Wenzong say this, Wang Hui then took the things over, “Old Su, you two find a place to sit, Old Ling is talking to some Hong Kong businessmen about something, it will be ready soon!”