Qiu Tu led the people to kick open the door of the room and appeared in front of that Qian Yue!
Qian Yue was stunned, there were still piles of Immortal Spirit Stones in front of him!
“How dare you, how dare you buy and sell Immortal Spirit Stones privately in Beast City!”
Qiu Tu looked at the Immortal Spirit Stones in front of Qian Yue and immediately chided angrily!
The reason why Qiu Tu didn’t directly point out Qian Yue’s identity as a human cultivator was because he was afraid that this Qian Yue would jump over the wall and directly fight for his life!
Selling Immortal Spirit Stones privately is not a particularly big offence, but if it is a human cultivator who mixes with the Beast City and dares to do this kind of thing, then it will be a capital offence!
“Sir Qiu?”
Seeing that it was Qiu Tu himself who had brought people here, Qian Yue was a little shocked!
After all, this kind of thing is usually done by the Beast City’s law enforcement team, how could a person of Qiu Tui’s status personally lead someone to arrest someone who was selling Immortal Spirit Stones!
“Since you recognise me, it’ll save you the trouble, confess your sins obediently and spare your hands the pain of skin and flesh.”
Qiu Tu said with a cold snort!
Qian Yue saw that Qiu Tu didn’t notice his human identity, he secretly breathed a sigh of relief, then lowered his head and said, “Sir Qiu, I’m guilty, I’m privately selling Immortal Spirit Stones, I plead guilty and accept the punishment ……”
Seeing Qian Yue’s attitude, Qiu Tu was also very satisfied, this kind of person is the best to take in!
“Selling Immortal Spirit Stones privately is definitely punishable, but seeing that you have a very good attitude, then you will be spared from prison, forget about confiscating these Immortal Spirit Stones.”
Qiu Tu said!
Qian Yue looked at Qiu Tu in disbelief, his face full of shock, “What Prince Qiu said is true, I really don’t need to go to jail?”
“Of course, there are a lot of private sellers of immortal spirit stones now, and the official acquisition point, there are still supervisors and thieves, there are a lot of such things nowadays, we just turn a blind eye to it!”
Qiu Tu said casually!
Qian Yue some stupid, he could not believe, this is from that Qiu Tintu mouth words!
To know, this Qiu Tu can represent the city government, is the city government for private selling immortal spirit stone so tolerant?
“Mr Qiu, this ……”
For a while, that Qian Yue did not know what to say, Qiu Tu’s attitude, let him feel a little unreal!
“I can understand that you’re selling Immortal Spirit Stones privately, and it’s nothing more than just a way to make a living.”
“But this time it was me who found out and arrested you, if it was someone else from the other general’s house, you’re afraid that you wouldn’t be so lucky.”
“I think it’s better to do it this way, you will still continue to acquire your Immortal Spirit Stones, but you have to send them to our mansion.”
“Of course we’ll let you earn the difference in price as well, that way, you don’t have to be on your toes!”
Qiu Tu said as he stepped forward and patted Qian Yue’s shoulder!
Qian Yue’s eyes widened with disbelief and his breathing became rapid due to his excitement!
“Eunuch Qiu, are …… you telling the truth?”
Qian Yue asked!
“Of course it’s true, from today onwards, you are a person of our Qiu Mansion, no one will dare to investigate you anymore.”
Qiu Tu finished and moved closer to Qian Yue, “I know that you are a human, but our Qiu Mansion never discriminates against other races, so you don’t have to worry!”
Qiu Tu’s words were like a heavy bomb that ruthlessly exploded in that Qian Yue’s heart!
He never thought that now Beast City would start to not discriminate against other races, this was allowing other races to appear in Beast City?
If that was the case, then what kind of resistance alliance did he still join, there was no need for him to resist at all!
“Sir Qiu, I, Qian Yue, am willing to serve you and go through fire without hesitation!”
Qian Yue excitedly knelt down at Qiu Tu’s feet!
Living in this Beast City, Qian Yue has always been on edge, afraid of being discovered, not even daring to go on the streets!
Now if he became a member of the Qiu Mansion, then he would no longer be afraid, and would be able to completely rampage through the streets!