“Emperor Xiao, take a look at the red circle, what place is it?”
Chen Ping said as he spread the map in front of Xiao Yuanshan!
Xiao Yuanshan looked carefully, then shook his head, “I’m not sure, this place should belong to the Heavenly Demon Mountain territory, I’ve been there less.”
“But I know that before the God-Devil War, there were quite a few ancient cities here, and the boundaries were particularly large.”
“But after the Divine-Devil War, many ancient cities in the Celestial Realm were destroyed, and if it wasn’t for the Divine-Devil War, my Xiao Dynasty wouldn’t have counted for much in the Celestial Realm.”
“But this map has circled notes here, there should be something special about this place!”
“En, I feel the same way, go take a look sometime!”
Chen Ping put the map away!
However, Chen Ping did not go to explore the places marked on the map at the first opportunity, instead, he began to use these resources that he had looted in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to begin cultivating!
Xiao Yuanshan was also using this time to start rebuilding the Imperial City, and since the Xiao Imperial Dynasty possessed three thousand years of good fortune, there was no need to worry about the revenge of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
…………
Demon Sealing Alliance Headquarters!
Zuo Tianzheng and the others had escaped back, Luo Ta was sitting on the position of the alliance leader, and Zuo Tianzheng was leading those experts of the Demon Sealing Alliance, all of them were standing on the sides, each with their heads hanging low.
The blow to them this time was really too great, even the domain master appeared and was directly scared away, what else could they do?
Luo Ta sat on the main seat, constantly pouring wine in his mouth!
People who had died once already had a much deeper impression of that fear of death!
He didn’t dare to go back to the Ten Temples yet, as he didn’t know how he would explain after the Ten Temples Lord!
The atmosphere within the Demon Sealing Alliance headquarters was oppressive to the extreme!
A moment later, Luo Ta got up and everyone placed their gazes on Luo Ta!
“Follow me to the Ten Temples ……”
Luo Ta said to Zuo Tianzheng!
“Offering Luo, I …… won’t be of much use if I go, right?”
Zuo Tianzheng didn’t dare to go either, didn’t dare to face that Ten Temples Lord!
“You must go, there is still this kind of strong person existing in the Celestial Realm, you even didn’t report it, this is your dereliction of duty.”
Luo Ta said angrily!
“Confessor Luo, at that time, Patriarch Zhou seemed to have reminded you that there was a strong presence behind that Chen Ping.”
“But you didn’t believe me, you said you could kill them with one punch!”
Zuo Tianzheng didn’t want to take the blame, so he said to Luo Ta!
“How dare you!”Luo Ta roared angrily, “I was just talking off the cuff, cut the crap and follow me to the Ten Temples!”
Zuo Tianzheng was reluctant, but was still carried by Luo Ta to the Ten Temples!
When Zuo Tianzheng followed Luo Ta and appeared in the Ten Temples, the Ten Temples Lord was already waiting for them.
“Luo Ta, your life soul disappeared only to appear again, what’s going on?”
“I thought you were dead!”
The Tenth Temple Lord asked to Luo Ta!
As a member of the divine Temple, when Luo Ta flew away in grey at that time, his Fate Soul Lamp in the Ten Temples went out!
When the Fate Soul Lamp went out, it also meant that the person was dead.
At that time, seeing Luo Ta’s life soul lamp go out, the Ten Temples Lord was still a bit shocked!
But then the Fate Soul Lamp rekindled, which made the Tenth Hall Master wonder if there was something wrong with the Fate Soul Lamp!
“Palace Lord, I was killed by someone, and then that person had resurrected me.”
Luo Ta didn’t dare to hide anything and said!
“Killed you and then resurrected you?”The 10th Palace Lord was shocked, “What’s going on here? There are still such strong people in the Celestial Realm?”
Luo Ta recounted what happened in detail, then said, “Hall Master, it’s all because this Zuo Tianzheng made a mistake in his investigation, causing me to be gullible and suffer a great loss.”
Luo Ta also put the blame for his own rashness on Zuo Tianzheng!
“To be able to casually kill you and then resurrect you, what kind of person is this? What exactly is the strength?”
The Tenth Hall Master didn’t hold himself accountable, but was interested in this person that Luo Ta was talking about!