“All of you get out of the way, I’ll go with him!”
After saying that, Chen Ping walked directly in front of City Lord Sun “Can I know, why are you arresting me?”
“I am also entrusted to be loyal, as I said, whoever saves my daughter, I can agree to his conditions, and dealing with the conditions put forth, is to have you captured.”
City Lord Sun said unapologetically!
Once Chen Ping heard this, he was even more convinced of his suspicions, he could not help but raise the corners of his mouth and smiled slightly “Good, I’ll go with you!”
Those men of City Lord Sun came forward to tie Chen Ping up, but they were stopped by City Lord Sun with a wave of his hand!
“No need to tie him up, he won’t escape ……”
City Lord Sun knew that Chen Ping would not flee, just now so many people were trying to buy time for him, Chen Ping did not flee, so even more so at this time.
“Let’s go ……”
City Lord Sun coldly said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping smiled and walked outwards, Fire Phoenix and also Ji Yun and the others saw this and wanted to follow, but they were shaken by the aura of the Sun City Lord’s body and collapsed to the ground!
Chen Ping followed City Lord Sun directly into the City Lord’s Mansion, and at this time, Gong Guifa was in Sun Xiao Yun’s boudoir, and the pill that had been refined had already been allowed to be consumed by Sun Xiao Yun!
“Miss Sun, eating this pill will ensure that you won’t have a relapse for half a year, and when you eat it three times in a row, you will be completely cured.”
Protector Gong said to Sun Xiaoyun!
“Thank you, Protector Gong!” Sun Xiao Yun had a happy face!
That way she wouldn’t have to be tied up, and she wouldn’t have to go berserk from time to time and turn into a madman in general!
At this time, City Lord Sun walked in with Chen Ping!
When Protector Gong saw Chen Ping, his eyes lit up!
And when Chen Ping saw Protector Gong, the corner of his mouth lifted slightly and said “It is indeed you, it seems that my guess is not bad at all ah ……”
“Your guess is good, it’s me, now that you’ve fallen into my hands, I will let you experience a life worse than death.”
Thinking of his Golden Silkworm Compass Poison, Gong Guifa hated Chen Ping’s teeth!
“Apothecary Gong, I have brought you people, you can do as you please with my daughter’s illness ……”
“Don’t worry, City Lord Sun, I will go back and continue refining pills to ensure that Miss Sun recovers.” Protector Gong patted his chest and guaranteed, then continued “But please also ask City Lord Sun to waste this kid’s strength first, so that he doesn’t escape.”
“Apothecary Gong, you’re a Ferrying Realm strength, would you still be afraid of him, a tiny Harmonisation Realm?”
City Lord Sun didn’t understand why Protector Gong still wanted him to waste Chen Ping!
“This brat is good at trickery, I’ve fallen for it several times, so it’s better to scrap him for insurance.”
Protector Gong said!
“Alright, in that case, I’ll waste his cultivation first.”
Seeing this, City Lord Sun prepared to waste Chen Ping’s cultivation!
However, Chen Ping was unperturbed and said “City Lord Sun, you have to think carefully, if you waste my cultivation, your daughter will never recover.”
“As I said, your daughter is poisoned, not sick, and the poison has already penetrated deep into her bloodstream, apart from me I’m afraid no one can save her.”
“This guy is a demonic cultivator, he didn’t see your daughter’s illness, he only used the elixir to suppress it temporarily, it won’t take more than a few days, your daughter will still have an attack.”
Chen Ping’s words made the Sun City Lord hesitate a little instantly!
“You fart!” When Protector Gong heard this, he instantly retorted “You’re the one who is a demonic cultivator, don’t spit blood in order to stay alive, Miss Sun’s illness, I’m definitely able to cure her, I’ve lived for so many years, are my medical skills not as good as you, a little brat?”
When Sun City Lord heard this, he was right, after all, Gong Guanfa was so old, while Chen Ping was just a small child, refining medicine from inside his mother’s womb, and how much he could excel!
“Whether you can cure it or not, you will know right away ……”
Chen Ping flicked his finger, and an unsearchable breath entered Sun Xiaoyun’s body!