“These guys, the most powerful one is only a first grade of the Transition Realm, too weak, too weak ……”
Cang Yue said with a pretentious look!
Everyone in Boulder Village looked at Cang Yue in shock, the look of adoration in their eyes made Cang Yue very flattered!
“F*ck, what do you mean Cang Yue? These guys are my prey!”
Zhou Tang asked at Cang Yue with great displeasure!
Originally, these people from the Demon Sealing Alliance were for his own pretence, but he was robbed by Cang Yue first!
“Who made you slow to strike, who is to blame ……,” Cang Yue sneered!
“You fucking ……” Zhou Tang is going to be furious!
Otherwise, these villagers in Bashi Village would be worshipping themselves!
“Alright, the Demon Sealing Alliance will definitely still send people, you guys want to act tough, just wait here!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Chen Ping opened his mouth, no one dared to say anything else!
As Chen Ping had said, the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance were rushing to Boulder Village in waves!
After all, everyone wanted to capture the demonic cultivator and gain credit for themselves!
Because the headquarters of the Demon Sealing Alliance was in the Northern Region, the demonic cultivators in the Northern Region were very rare, and apart from the Northern Region’s extremely cold land where demonic cultivators often haunted, there were no demonic cultivators to be found in the rest of the Northern Region!
Now that there were suddenly devil cultivators in Boulder Village, so many people from the Demon Sealing Alliance wanted to come and earn credit!
Only, this wave of people from the Demon Sealing Alliance rushing in became prey for Xuan Bin and the others to pretend!
Soon, outside of Boulder Village, the corpses of the Demon Sealing Alliance cultivators lay densely covered!
There were those who died any way, and all of them died very miserably!
The people of Boulder Village were sitting in the middle of the village with their matzahs, as if they were watching a film, watching wave after wave of people from the Demon Sealing Alliance send themselves to their deaths!
In the end, the people of Boulder Village were all numb ……
………
Demon Sealing Alliance Headquarters!
Zuo Tian was continuously counting the resources sent by the various ministries for the offerings!
Having had a hundred years of offerings taken away by Chen Ping, the Demon Sealing Alliance was also somewhat overstretched, especially since the Ten Temples were constantly following the Demon Sealing Alliance for resources!
Now Zuo Tianzheng could only order his men to fish for resources as they saw them, regardless of their size!
“Damn, what’s going on today, my left eyelid is always jumping?”
Zuo Tianzheng rubbed his eyes, his heart always on edge!
Ever since he had seen Mr Shi’s methods in the Demon Sealing Alliance, Zuo Tianzheng had never been quiet, always on edge!
Killing someone and then resurrecting them, this tactic was too scary!
“Left eye jumps to wealth, right eye jumps to disaster, it should be that someone is going to send resources again, it’s fine, it’s fine ……”
Zuo Tianzheng kept comforting himself in his heart!
“Alliance Master, demonic cultivators have been found in the northern region ……”
At this time, an elder walked in!
Ever since Elder Chu was killed, Zuo Tianzheng had no one by his side, so he promoted another elder by his side!
“In the Northern Domain, apart from that extremely cold land, how could there still be demonic cultivators in existence, what demonic cultivator is so bold?”
Zuo Tianzheng said with a frown!
One must know that the headquarters of the Demon Sealing Alliance was in the Northern Domain now, so the devil cultivators in the Northern Domain had either run away to other places or were captured by the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Only in the Northern Domain’s Extreme Cold Land, Yan Devil was active with a group of devil cultivators!
Now that the Demon Sealing Alliance had followed Yan Demon’s group with co-operation, so Zuo Tianzheng didn’t care about the demonic cultivators under Yan Demon!
“We don’t know who it is yet, but the report from below is that there have been several groups of our people who went to capture the demonic cultivators, and none of them have come back yet.”
That elder said!
“What? One didn’t come back?”Zuo Tianzheng’s face changed drastically, “What exactly is the strength of that devil cultivator, has the investigation been clear?”
The elder shook his head, “I don’t know, I only know the exact location of that demonic cultivator, what strength was not reported.”
“Waste stuff, if Elder Chu was there, he would have investigated the cultivation of that devil cultivator.”Zuo Tianzheng angrily cursed, remembering that Elder Chu!