“Alright, all of you, don’t copy, let this kid hand over the Divine King’s Bow, I’ll hold it in my hand, no one should fight.”
At this time, the Thousand Faces Demon King opened his mouth!
After the Thousand Faced Demon King spoke, the Lion King and the others looked at each other but did not say a word!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked at the four fellows, obviously coming towards his God King Bow, and had just stepped in to save himself, also for the God King Bow!
“Kid, hand over the Divine King Bow to me, on account of the fact that you have some relationship following Bai Shao, we can protect your safety.”
The Thousand-faced Demon King said to Chen Ping!
On the side, Qi Peijia was frowning slightly, but he did not dare to say anything more at this time!
He could only secretly pray in his heart, praying that Chen Ping would not be able to surrender the Divine King’s Bow and then let the two of them fight!
At that time, he would be able to sit back and watch the tigers fight, and perhaps even reap the benefits!
Chen Ping looked at the four people who were eyeing the tiger intently, and then looked at the Thousand Faces Demon King who was determined to get it, and held the Divine King Bow tightly in both hands and said “This Divine King Bow is mine, why should I give it to you?”
The Thousand-faced Demon King was stunned, he had never thought that Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the first rank of the Transition Realm, would dare to speak like this in the face of the four of them!
“Kid, do you want to die? Hand over the Divine King Bow and you can live.”
“Could it be that you don’t even want to die for this God King Bow?”
The Lion King asked Chen Ping in great confusion!
The Divine King’s Bow was indeed very powerful, it was a divine weapon, but what did one need a divine weapon for when one’s life was gone?
“Kid, if you speak one more word of nonsense, believe it or not, I will directly shoot you to death, and if you die, this Divine King’s Bow is also ours.”
The Leopard Emperor waited with his eyes, scaring Chen Ping!
Only that Monkey King didn’t say a word, because only he knew that Chen Ping had a relationship with Fire Phoenix even after him!
However, right now, neither the Fire Phoenix nor the Fox Emperor’s daughter were present, so there was no need to be afraid!
“If you have the ability, come and grab it yourself, if you want me to give you guys the Divine King Bow, there’s no way I’m going to give it to you guys even if I destroy the Divine King Bow.”
“Even if I give it to you guys, will you use it? Will you be able to pull it?”
Chen Ping said as he clutched the Divine King Bow in his death grip!
“Brat, you seek death ……”
The Lion King and the Leopard Emperor were furious at the same time, and the terrifying seventh grade aura of the Transition Realm on their bodies enveloped Chen Ping!
After following Qi Peijia in the battle for half a day, Chen Ping was already very weak at this moment, and now after being pressurised by the Lion King and the Leopard Emperor at the same time, Chen Ping’s body could not withstand it at all!
Only to see Chen Ping’s body bend and kneel heavily on one knee, directly smashing the ground out of a deep pit!
The Thousand Faced Demon King, on the other hand, had an icy face, he did not expect Chen Ping to go so far as to turn against them for the sake of the Divine King’s Bow!
Seeing this scene, Qi Peijia secretly breathed a sigh of relief, since Chen Ping had sought death on his own, there was no need for him to do anything!
Although that Divine King Bow Qi Peijia couldn’t get it, Qi Peijia was happy when Chen Ping died!
As for the God King’s Bow, Qi Peijia was determined to get it, and when he got out of the God and Demon Battlefield, he could continue to go to the Devil Swallowing Cave to cultivate!
He believed that it wouldn’t take long before he could easily deal with the Lion King and the others, and the Divine King’s Bow wouldn’t be out of reach by then!
Right now, Qi Peijia was waiting for Chen Ping to be killed, so he could leave without worry!
At this moment, Chen Ping, kneeling on one knee, clenched his teeth in death!
Chen Ping knew that he was by no means a match for these four people, and he also knew that right now, he would be killed if he was lightly struck by the other party, but there was not the slightest bit of fear in Chen Ping’s eyes!
The Thousand Faced Demon King looked at Chen Ping and saw that Chen Ping had a stubborn donkey like nature, so he reached out his hand and slapped down towards Chen Ping.
“Not much strength, not much temper, this is going to be a loss, putting your life on the line for the Divine King Bow, is it worth it?”
The Thousand-faced Demon King wanted to cause Chen Ping to die!