“Xiao Zhen, let’s take a break ……”
Cai Hongwei broke away from Sikong Zhen, then found a place to sit down!
Seeing this, Sikong Zhen hurriedly said “Uncle Cai, the front is almost out, and it’s not safe here, let’s rest in the front.”
Saying this, Sikong Zhen was about to help Cai Hongwei up!
But Cai Hongwei waved his hand, not getting up at all!
“Qiannan, persuade Uncle Cai, it’s too dangerous to rest here.” Seeing this, Sikong Zhen could only say to Cai Qiannan!
“Dad, why don’t we go to the front and rest at the front?”
Cai Qiannan said to Cai Hongwei!
Cai Hongwei still shook his head, and then said “I’m afraid that if we go to the front, we won’t be able to rest.”
“Why?” Cai Qiannan looked puzzled!
“I’ve walked through this Chilian Mountain Range countless times, it’s simply impossible to walk out of the Chilian Mountain Range from here.”
After saying that, Cai Hongwei looked at Sikong Zhen with cold eyes and said “Little Zhen, explain, why did you bring us here?”
Sikong Zhen’s body shook as he hurriedly explained, “Uncle Cai, it can’t be right? I also listened to my friends and that’s why I chose this path, could it be that I chose wrongly?”
Sikong Zhen pretended to look around!
“Dad, could it be that we’re on the wrong path?” Cai Qiannan got a little nervous!
“Qiannan, Uncle Cai, you don’t need to be anxious, I’ll go to the front to explore the path and see if we’re really going the wrong way.”
After saying that, Sikong Zhen walked towards the front!
After Sikong Zhen left, Cai Hongwei hurriedly said to Cai Qiannan “Xiao Nan, you sneak up behind, don’t be discovered and see what’s going on.”
Cai Qiannan nodded and then secretly followed Sikong Zhen!
Soon, Cai Qiannan found Sikong Zhen travelling all the way up the road and then arrived in front of a group of people!
Because the distance was too far, she did not hear what was being said, but it was obvious that Sikong Zhen followed these people who knew each other!
Seeing this, Cai Qiannan hurriedly told Cai Hongwei what she had seen!
“It seems that this guy really has a problem, let’s quickly go ……”
Cai Hongwei got up, ready to take Cai Qiannan to leave!
But just as he got up, he saw that Sikong Zhen had actually returned!
“Uncle Cai, there’s a resting place not far ahead, and it’s also going out of this mountain range, there’s no wrong way ……”
Sikong Zhen didn’t know that Cai Qiannan was following him, so he lied!
Seeing Sikong Zhen lie, Cai Hongwei made his thoughts even clearer!
“Xiao Zhen, you don’t have to lie to me, what was the person you just met in front of you?”
Cai Hongwei asked bluntly!
“No ah, I didn’t see anyone?” Sikong Zhen was still soph*moric!
“You fart, I saw it all just now.” Cai Qiannan looked at Sikong Zhen angrily!
Once Sikong Zhen heard this, he knew that he had been recognised and his body began to quietly retreat backwards!
Cai Hongwei then steeply reached out, the void in front of him trembled and a hand grabbed towards Sikong Zhen “You still want to escape?”
Sikong Zhen was shocked and turned to run!
Cai Hongwei’s grab directly grabbed the air, but dozens of trees, turned into powder under this grab!
As Sikong Zhen desperately ran, Cai Hongwei saw this and wanted to strike again, but a mouthful of blood spurted out!
He had just been injured, and now when he moved, his injuries were tugged!
When Sikong Zhen saw Cai Hongwei spray out a mouthful of blood, he relaxed in his heart and his running steps stopped!
“Uncle Cai, since you can see it all, I won’t hide it from you, in fact, that Gong Guardian is waiting for you in front, as long as you are willing to co-operate with us and tell us what you know about the treasures, I guarantee that you guys won’t be alright.”
Sikong Zhen said with a smug look on his face!
“That Protector Gong you’re talking about, is he a demonic cultivator that is entrenched in this Chilian Mountain Range?”
Cai Hongwei asked!