“Mr Chen, don’t fall for it, the aura on this fellow is very odd, although I can’t tell the realm, but I feel that it’s definitely not low.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace whispered to Chen Ping and reminded him!
Chen Ping stared dead on at that Mu Qing, this guy was clearly a human cultivator, but he had a hint of demonic aura on his body!
And it was impossible to tell the level of the realm at all, which made Chen Ping not dare to agree!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not dare to agree, Mu Qing continued to taunt, “What, even if you die, do you want to drag all these people around you along with you?”
“Or are you afraid that if I am stronger than you, you will die at my hands?”
“It’s fine if you don’t dare to compare, kneel down and drill through my crotch, I can spare you from death, you only need to be a slave to our Mu Family for 500 years.”
After Mu Qing finished speaking, he actually began to reveal his realm!
The seventh grade of the Transition Realm!
Watching this Mu Qing fellow take the initiative to reveal his realm, Chen Ping’s brows furrowed!
It proved that this Mu Qing was deliberately revealing his realm!
And the seventh grade of the Transition Realm was only the realm that Mu Qing wanted to expose, not the real one!
It looked like he just wanted Chen Ping to know that his realm was not high, so he dared to follow him in a single fight!
“Mr Chen, don’t fall for it, this fellow is by no means at the seventh rank of the Transition Realm.”
Luo Shouhai hurriedly reminded Chen Ping!
“I know!” Of course Chen Ping knew that this was Mu Qing deliberately showing weakness!
“Senior, if this fellow’s realm surpasses the first rank of the Mahayana realm, do I have any hope of surviving?”
Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch shook his head, “If his realm surpasses the First Grade of the Mahayana Realm, you will surely die!”
The words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch caused Chen Ping to freeze for a moment, he couldn’t see through Mu Qing right now, he could only bet that this guy didn’t have a cultivation level that exceeded the First Grade of the Mahayana Realm!
The first rank of the Mahayana realm Chen Ping could still cope with using the various divine weapons in his hands, but if it exceeded the first rank of the Mahayana realm, Chen Ping reckoned that there was not much hope!
This kind of great realm of transcendence, is no longer a variety of divine weapons can make up for, especially the further back the realm gap is bigger, even a small realm, that strength gap will be a chasm!
Chen Ping was now only a fourth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, and using various divine techniques and magic treasures, he could barely cope with a first grade of the Mahayana Realm, and he was already a very demonic existence!
Not to mention the Celestial Realm, even if it was the entire cosmic stars and rivers, the Great Thousand Worlds, one would not be able to find a few geniuses that were so heaven-defying!
Just as Chen Ping was hesitating, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke once again, “However, there is another way, even if this fellow’s strength exceeds that of a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm, there is no harm in it.”
“What method?”
Chen Ping froze!
“You forgot that you still have a fellow who eats and sleeps without working.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord laughed!
“Little Heaven Swallowing Beast?” Chen Ping remembered that little Heaven Swallowing Beast!
But this fellow, sleeps all day long, who knows when it will be able to wake up or when it will help itself, speaking of this little Heaven Swallowing Beast is also an unknown ah!
“This little guy, I’m afraid I can’t count on it, who knows if it will help me at a critical time!”
Chen Ping said with a helpless face!
“Then you can just bet that it will help you, anyway, if you die, it has no place to go, no place to eat, drink or sleep.”
“I, the master, will also go up in smoke, let’s see where it goes to enjoy itself!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
Chen Ping thought for a moment, then clenched his teeth and decided to take a gamble!
After all, several times, he had been in the most critical of times, and the little Heaven Swallowing Beast had stepped in to solve the problem, so perhaps this time he would also help in times of crisis!
Not to mention that this Mu Qing didn’t necessarily have the strength of a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm or above!
“Fine, I will compete with you, life and death has its own destiny wealth and riches, no matter if we lose or win, your Mu Family must not be looking for trouble from the Broad Cold Palace.”
After Chen Ping decided, he looked towards that Mu Qing and said!