“I ……” Chen Ping is also speechless, people say is also right, non-relative non-relationship, people why tell themselves?
By what right to help themselves to save people?
“Then …… then I do your disciple’s man, you can help me?”
Chen Ping glanced at Cen Biqing and Old Black in the tower and said with a clench of his teeth!
If he sacrificed himself, he would also save Cen Biqing and Old Black!
What’s more, Lin Ke Ting was also energetic in her looks, so she wasn’t at a disadvantage!
“Kid, this is what you said, no backtracking ……” The old Taoist laughed when he heard it!
“Master, what are you saying? I ……”
When Lin Keting heard this, she was a little anxious!
What is this, the moment you come, you find yourself a man!
It was also in front of the others, this was too humiliating!
“Ting’er, shut up and just do as you’re told ……”
The old Taoist told Lin Keting to shut up!
“Senior, I will never renege, you save those two!”Chen Ping said!
“I can’t save them, they have this calamity in their destiny, apart from the True Dragon descending, no one can save them from the tower.”
“The only one who can save them is you, only now you don’t have the ability to do so.”
The old Taoist looked at Chen Ping and said!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, he did not expect that this old Taoist could tell his identity at a glance!
“Senior, when will I be able to save them? This tower looks like it’s going to disappear, where will I find this Demon Suppressing Pagoda then?”
Chen Ping looked at the Demon Suppressing Pagoda in front of him, which was becoming fainter and fainter, as if it was going to disappear at any time!
“This Demon Suppressing Pagoda is not in a fixed place, but travelling around the great thousand worlds, leaving from here, who knows which world it will go to ah.”
“How to find the Demon Suppressing Pagoda and how to save them, that’s up to you, I couldn’t care less!”
“Don’t forget what you promised, to be my disciple’s man!”
After the old Taoist finished speaking, his figure grew fainter and fainter!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly wanted to curse twice, this was equal to doing nothing, he had been sold!
What the heck?
The old Tao also seemed to see Chen Ping’s dissatisfaction, so he laughed, “Kid, we are also considered old acquaintances ……”
After saying that, a soft white light emanated from that old Taoist body, the white light shone on the bodies of several people, and they felt a sense of relief!
Chen Ping was still wondering, he didn’t know this old Taoist at all, how is it an old acquaintance?
But when this white light shone on his body, Chen Ping suddenly remembered something!
This soft white light felt very familiar to him!
When he was in the Boulder Village, he seemed to have had his body wrapped in this white light ……
“Mr Chen …………”
At this moment, Cen Biqing’s shout awakened Chen Ping from his memories!
“Miss Qing, I will find a way to save you all ……”
Chen Ping took out his Dragon Cutting Sword, intending to forcefully try!
“Chen, don’t worry about us, and don’t ever take any chances, I’ll give you my own Dragon Crystal.”
“When the time comes, you can use the Dragon Crystal to know where we are.”
Cen Biqing spat out a red Dragon Crystal from her mouth, then threw it to Chen Ping with force!
“Mr Chen, I believe in you, you can definitely get us out in the future.”
“The future of our Dragon Clan is all on your shoulders ……”
Cen Biqing said loudly after Chen Ping!
Chen Ping caught Cen Biqing’s Dragon Crystal, and when he wanted to say something else, that Demon Suppressing Pagoda had already slowly disappeared, and he didn’t know which world it had gone to again!
Holding Cen Biqing’s Dragon Crystal, Chen Ping felt bad inside!
He felt that he was too incompetent, if he was strong enough, he might have saved Cen Biqing and the others!
Now that the Demon Suppressing Pagoda had disappeared, Chen Ping had not even figured out the Demon Suppressing Pagoda yet!
A sense of powerlessness bubbled up from the bottom of Chen Ping’s heart!
“Don’t worry, I will definitely be able to save you all!”
Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with a determined look, and that sense of powerlessness was instantly suppressed!