“What about? We have a lot of people that are already starting to show symptoms.”
The middle-aged pharmacist asked!
“You stay behind with a few people and refine the antidote pills on the spot, then catch up with us as soon as possible!”
Diao Changmin told that middle-aged pharmacist to bring people to stay and refine the antidote pills on the spot!
Fortunately, they all had various immortal herbs with them, and it was still easy to refine the antidote pills!
Diao Changmin led the rest of the people and continued to chase after Chen Ping!
After running for some more time, Chen Ping directly stopped!
He knew that he directly could not run anymore, if he ran on, the toxins in his body would pile up more and more!
By that time, without Diao Changmin and the others having to do anything, he would have collapsed!
Diao Changmin and the others could have someone to refine the antidote pills, Chen Ping on his own, there was no way he could refine the pills while running!
He would have to exterminate Diao Changmin and these people before his own poison broke out!
Diao Changmin saw that Chen Ping had stopped, and his face was not looking too good, he immediately smiled coldly and said, “Run, why don’t you run?”
“I thought that you kid is invulnerable to all poisons, isn’t this also poisoned?”
Diao Changmin laughed with a face full of smugness!
Immediately after that, a dozen or so Diao family members surrounded Chen Ping!
Afterwards, Diao Changmin directly threw out an array disc, and with a buzzing sound, an aura spread out in all directions, directly shrouding dozens of miles in a radius!
This was a shielding formation, in order to shield the breath and sound of the cultivator in the formation!
In this way, Chen Ping had no way of calling for help even if he wanted to!
Diao Changmin also did this to prevent anyone from noticing and coming over to fight with him!
Chen Ping was worth a lot of money right now, not counting the 100 years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, there was also the Ancient Pill Cauldron in his hand!
All of these things, Diao Changmin wanted to keep for himself!
“Are you afraid that people will know that it was you who killed me?”
Chen Ping saw that Diao Changmin had shielded his surroundings, so he smiled slightly and said!
“Of course, you are now the meat and potatoes, anyone would want to take a bite, it’s just that many people don’t dare to offend the Xiao Dynasty, so they have been holding back.”
“Now that I killed you, I don’t know who killed you in a place like this, so if Xiao Imperial Dynasty wants to avenge you, they don’t know who to look for!”
Diao Changmin said smugly!
“If you did this yourself, aren’t you afraid that President Su and the others will know?”
Chen Ping asked!
Diao Changmin had followed Su Tianshuo and the others, and now that he had suddenly left, he would definitely be suspicious!
“Hahaha, so what if they know? Besides, that Su Tianshuo doesn’t have the time to care about such things.”
“His goal is the entire Celestial Realm of Apothecaries, what he needs is to control the entire Apothecary Realm.”
“I don’t have that much ambition, I only need the pill cauldron in your hand, just get a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Diao Changmin laughed out loud!
When Chen Ping heard this, he slightly froze, “The entire Celestial Realm of Pill Masters? What does this mean?”
“Seeing that you’re dying, we might as well tell you, we’ve long known about the matter of that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect coming to attack Pill God Island.”
“And Su Tianshuo has also followed the Zhentian Dharma Sect to enter into a co-operation, with the Zhentian Dharma Sect occupying the Pill God Island, what Su Tianshuo is going to do is to use the Zhentian Dharma Sect’s hand to eliminate the dissidents.”
“When the time comes, who would dare to disobey orders when the inside and outside are working together?”
“You f*cker, you still think that we are only targeting the Zhou and Zhen families, simply childish!”
Diao Changmin couldn’t mention how pleased he was at this moment, and spelled out all of Su Tianshuo’s plans!
In his opinion, Chen Ping was bound to die, so it didn’t matter even if he told Chen Ping!
And Chen Ping frowned, his eyes bursting with killing intent, he did not expect this Su Tianshuo to be so vicious!
He himself had been tricked by this Su Tianshuo, no wonder when he came to Pill God Island to start the Pill Masters Conference, Su Tianshuo had acted positively!