“Master Sheng, other than Fan City and Ye City, are there no other forces in this direction?”
“I’ve heard that there are some five great clans as well ……”
Chen Ping said!
“After these two cities of ours, further forward is the territory of the five great sects, the five great sects constructed their quarters in accordance with the directions of the five elements of the eight trigrams, but after passing the five great sects, there are no more other forces.”
“If you want to come across the clan forces in, then you have to go out of this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, I’m afraid that you have to walk up a thousand miles, I reckon that it can’t be done by forces outside the area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain.”
Sheng Bushi said!
“Could it be the work of these five great sects?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
“Our Blood Spirit Valley follows the five great sects without any grievances, why would they do this?”
Luo Shouhai did not understand, they followed the five great sects and had no grievances, why would the five great sects do this!
“Mr Chen, I do have some friendships following the five great sects, let me go with you to take a look, the five great sects often buy talismans from us.”
“The five elemental spell formations in their five great sects’ residences were still laid down with the help of our Sheng family’s old ancestor back then.”
Sheng Bushi said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he nodded his head and said “That’s really troublesome for the Sheng Family Master ……”
Chen Ping also did not want to follow the five great sects to start a conflict, if this matter was not the work of the five great sects, if they came to the door like this and theorised, it was likely that there would be a conflict!
It would be much better if there was Sheng Bushi in the middle to manoeuvre!
But if it was the work of the five great sects, no matter what the five great sects were capable of, Chen Ping would have to follow them and touch them!
“Mr Chen saved our Sheng family from danger, not to mention this matter, even if Mr Chen asked our Sheng family to fight for our lives, my Sheng family would never retreat a step.”
“Now that it’s getting late, it’s better for Mr Chen to stay here for the night, and we’ll set off early tomorrow morning.”
Sheng Bushi was very grateful to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded and said “Good, I will just use the night time to help the Sheng family head compose a few formation secrets, I hope I can help the Sheng family.”
Chen Ping knew that Sheng Tiantai had dedicated many of the Sheng Family’s formation secrets to the Ye Family!
Now Chen Ping’s perception of formations was clearly beyond the reach of the Sheng Family, so Chen Ping wanted to write some formation secrets to help the Sheng Family!
Upon hearing this, Sheng Bushi hurriedly knelt down for Chen Ping.
“Many thanks Mr Chen, many thanks Mr Chen ……”
Sheng Bushi kowtowed repeatedly!
“Don’t be polite, Sheng Family Master!”
Chen Ping helped Sheng Bushi up!
At this time, Fire Phoenix held the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and came looking for him, originally, Fire Phoenix took the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and went to play, when he went back and found out that everyone had disappeared, so he also entered Fancheng and enquired about Sheng’s family!
Sheng Bushi settled Chen Ping and the others, because of the vicious battle, Bai Shao did not look for Chen Ping to improve the bloodline, and rested early!
Fire Phoenix, on the other hand, was cradling the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and did not go looking for Chen Ping either!
Chen Ping had a rare night to take it easy!
Chen Ping, who had nothing to do, began to refine that Fire Spirit Bead to increase the power of the Fire Origin!
The Fire Spirit Bead slowly began to disappear under Chen Ping’s absorption, and then Chen Ping catalysed the Fire Origin Star to continuously absorb it!
Within Chen Ping’s Origin Space, those Origin Stars were trembling slightly!
Chen Ping’s Fire Origin Stars were getting brighter and brighter and were slowly expanding, and it was as if there was some sort of aura that was closely connected between the Origin Stars.
“Could it be that different Origin Breaths could also merge?”
Chen Ping also felt the connection between the Origin Stars!
This was something that he had never felt before, could it be that it was due to the breath of that Heaven Mending Stone that allowed Chen Ping to have a connection between the Origin Stars?
Along with the Fire Spirit Bead slowly being absorbed and disappearing, Chen Ping’s Fire Origin Star directly broke through a shackle.