A seat in the very middle was empty and no one had done it yet, that was obviously the seat of Sun Simiao, the head of the Medicine King’s House.
And the stage was already crowded with people, only the first few rows had seats, while the people at the back were standing in a crowded manner.
“Mr Chen, in front of you please …………”
Wu Xi walked up to Chen Ping and said respectfully.
Chen Ping and the others had originally come as tourists, so there were no seats at all at the front, and Wu Xi invited them to the front to sit in the seats allocated to them at the Baji Boxing Stadium!
Chen Ping sat with Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, while that Gao Baisheng was standing behind Chen Ping and the others with his own disciples!
The owner of the Baji Boxing School gave up his seat to a few youngsters and stood respectfully behind them, which caused many people to look sideways and speculate about Chen Ping’s identity, but some martial artists from Jiangbei Province immediately recognised Chen Ping when they saw him and understood why Gao Baisheng had given up his seat!
“Gao Baisheng, has your Baji Quan changed masters? Does this young man look new to you?”
A big bald man sitting on the side of the Baji Boxing asked Gao Baisheng with a sneer on his face.
“Baldy, shut your mouth, when we get to the stage, let my disciples teach you a good lesson!”
Gao Baisheng glared at the bald man!
“Hahahaha, you Bajiquan have all become someone else’s lackeys, and you still have the face to talk big ……”
The bald head laughed out loud, causing many people to sneer as well!
After all, a man of Gao Baisheng’s stature, now giving up his seat to a young man and standing behind someone else, was obviously the backer that Bajiquan had found!
Chen Ping turned his head and coldly glanced at that bald man, his harsh eyes instantly causing that bald man’s body to tremble and the smile on his face to freeze directly on his face!
The bald head did not dare to look directly into Chen Ping’s eyes, wiping a handful of cold sweat from his forehead and not speaking anymore, that glance from Chen Ping just now directly made the bald head feel as if he had walked from the abyss of hell once again!
“The Pill King’s House Master has arrived!”
With a loud roar, Sun Simiao slowly walked onto the stage!
The crowd’s noisy chatter instantly became incomparably quiet, Sun Simiao’s strength wasn’t necessarily the strongest, but it was evident that his name was the biggest!
After all, no matter if they were martial artists from Jiangnan or Jiangbei, no one was willing to offend the Pill King’s House, after all, there were times when they asked for help from the Pill King’s House, who could guarantee that they would never get hurt?
When Sun Simiao sat down in the main seat, he swept his gaze towards the crowd below and immediately saw Chen Ping sitting in front of him, Sun Simiao froze, his gaze withdrew after giving that Chen Ping an angry glance!
“Gentlemen, as the martial gathering begins today, I won’t go into the rules, but the prize this time is a hundred year old medicinal herb, which is a top grade medicinal herb, worth millions!”
As soon as Sun Simiao’s words fell, the stage instantly began to chatter.
Several million worth of a hundred year old medicinal herb, this was very tempting, not all martial arts clans or martial artists were loaded with money, many were just barely making ends meet in order to practice!
“Hahahaha, I’ll take this one hundred year old herb for sure ……”
That bald man laughed loudly, got up and leapt violently, directly to the top of the high platform, and then looked down at the stage with a provocative gaze, “Who dares to come up on stage and compete with me?”
“I’ll do it ……”
A young man dressed in a white suit and spotlessly clean jumped directly onto the stage with a single bounding step!
“Baldy, please …………”
The young man made a gesture of invitation.
“Don’t make a show of it, I just can’t watch you guys do this ……”
Baldy said, and slammed his fist towards the young man!
The bald man’s punch was so fast that it resounded directly into the air, and with this punch, the young man’s face changed, and he hurriedly shot out his hand to fight!