In this way, Chen Ping followed Lu Factory with their own thoughts, secretly observing each other, but soon, both of their eyes were drawn to the five men in black robes who suddenly entered!
When Chen Ping and Jiang Wei saw the five black-robed men entering, their faces all turned cold and tense!
These five black-robed men were none other than Ning Zhi with his four black and gold robes!
After seeing Chen Ping, Ning Zhi was also a little surprised!
“Chen Ping, we’re really a bad match, I didn’t expect to see you here again.”
Ning Zhi said with a fierce smile on his face as he turned to Chen Ping.
“Ning Zhi, the young master of the Ning family in Kyoto, now you are reduced to being a dog and a willing shell for someone, I wonder what you feel?”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Chen Ping, I’m like this now because of you, I’ll definitely kill you.”
Ning Zhi was filled with rage, and then with a wave of his hand, four black gold robes surrounded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping felt the aura of the four black and gold robes, his face was a little ugly, then he said, “Ning Zhi, our feud, I hope you won’t bring others along with you, deal with myself for good.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned to Jiang Wei and said, “Brother Jiang, you should go back first, and then I will come back to you after I have dealt with the matter here.”
Chen Ping knew that even he and Jiang Wei together would not be enough of a match for the four Black Gold Robes!
After all, the other party was all at the Martial Saint level!
“Mr. Chen, I won’t leave, I’ll fight with you to the end.”
Jiang Wei said without the slightest fear.
“Hmph, with just the two of you, it would be a matter of minutes to kill you.”
“Chen Ping, even if you have upgraded your strength and become powerful, can you fight against the four Black Gold Robes? They are all Martial Saints in strength, if you meekly fold your arms and give up, I can still spare your life.”
Ning Zhi said with a face full of disdain.
A few days ago, Chen Ping had absorbed a lot of their strength, so Ning Zhi had been recuperating, and now they had basically recovered, but they had never expected to run into Chen Ping again on Penglai Island!
This anger was simply too much for Ning Zhi to swallow, so now that he had come across Chen Ping, he wanted to take revenge.
“Ning Zhi, even if you have a spirit living inside you, if I wanted to kill you, it would definitely not take more than ten moves, do you dare to fight with me?”
Chen Ping began to provoke Ning Zhi!
After all, facing four black and gold robes, both Chen Ping and Jiang Wei were indeed more tricky.
“Hmph, Chen Ping, don’t give me the agitation routine, do you think I’ll eat your sh*t? Since you don’t want to tie your hands, I’ll just have to beat you until you bow your head ……”
Ning Zhi said, about to tell the four black and gold robes to make their move!
And at this moment, in the corner, Lv Factory’s face was incomparably grave, he hadn’t known that in this secular world, demonic cultivators had such high strength, that they had all reached the level of Martial Saints, the so-called Out-of-Body Realm!
Originally, he thought that if he had come out of the secret realm with the power of the laws of heaven and earth, even if he was not one of the best in the secular world, he would still be able to exterminate a clan with just a hand!
But now that he saw that all these demonic cultivators were so strong, there was actually some fear in Lu Factory’s heart.
He desperately hid his aura, afraid that Ning Zhi and the others would discover his whereabouts.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s aura began to surge, rolling out with a terrifying aura that caused many people around him to dodge in panic!
Feeling the terrifying aura on Chen Ping’s body, there were a few moments of astonishment in Lv Factory’s eyes!
“Could it be that the secular world has already had a place where spiritual energy has been revived? How come all these people are not suppressed by the laws of heaven and earth?”
“Did he also come out of some secret realm?”
Factory Lu did not understand how Chen Ping had cultivated, and he began to wonder if Chen Ping had just stepped out of the secret realm like himself.
“Don’t start a conflict now, forget what you’re here for?”
At this moment, the spirit inside Ning Zhi was full of anger and roared at Ning Zhi.