Rumble …………
Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the thunder tribulation once again blasted down!
It bombarded many times in a row before that thunder tribulation cloud slowly dispersed!
After the thunder tribulation cloud dispersed, Chen Ping walked out from within that cave!
The clothes on Chen Ping’s body were shattered by the thunderbolt, and his clothes did not cover his body!
However, Chen Ping did not care, now that he had risen another small realm!
Breaking through the Harmonisation Realm and reaching the Ferrying Realm was just around the corner!
Don’t look at Chen Ping all tattered and torn like a beggar, but that pair of eyes was bright and the aura of his body was a little stronger!
“Ah …………”
Suddenly, Cai Qiannan and also Miao Miao, the two girls, shrieked in shock and immediately turned their bodies around!
This shriek caused Chen Ping to react and hurriedly protect his important position!
Fire Phoenix, on the other hand, hurriedly took out a piece of clothing and walked forward to help Chen Ping change into it!
Chen Ping was also a little embarrassed, after all, in front of so many people, and a few girls, this image of himself was not very good!
“Little brother, did you make a breakthrough?”
Elder Miao asked after Chen Ping had changed his clothes!
Chen Ping nodded “Breakthrough, promoted from the eighth grade of the Harmonisation realm to the ninth grade now, I reckon it won’t take long for me to become a Transition realm Grand Cultivator as well.”
Chen Ping’s face was filled with excitement, after all, it was very hard for him to advance a small realm!
“To raise just one small realm, and it even triggered such a large thunderbolt? It’s too perverted ah……”
Cai Hongwei said as he stepped forward with a face full of surprise!
Chen Ping didn’t know how to explain, every time he raised his realm, it was such a big commotion, there was no way around it!
“Alright, let’s just set off as soon as possible, hurry up and get out of this Chilian Mountain Range, this place can’t fly after all, and there are many demonic beasts, it’s too dangerous.”
Elder Miao saw that Chen Ping did not know what to say, so he rushed to relieve himself and said!
“Alright, let’s set off, if we are fast, we will be able to get out of this Chilian Mountain Range in a day and a night!”
Cai Hongwei said!
The crowd began to set off, but just after travelling not much further, they found a group of Silver Red Tigers blocking the way, with that Tiger King taking the brunt of it!
This time, the crowd was a little nervous, not understanding what these Silver Red Tigers were going to do!
Chen Ping also frowned and said “What are you going to do?”
“Don’t misunderstand, we have no ill intentions, I am just bringing my hands down to give you guys a lift.”
“All of you ride onto our backs, we will send you out of this Chilian Mountain Range, this way the speed can still be faster.”
The Tiger King followed Chen Ping and explained!
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately looked a little surprised, he did not expect this Silver Red Tiger Tiger King, to send them out of the Chilian Mountain Range!
“Why are you doing this?” Chen Ping was puzzled!
It was said that Chen Ping did not have much of a deep friendship following this Tiger King!
The Tiger King then quietly stepped forward and then whispered “I only hope that if you, Taoist Friend, have the opportunity, you will also be able to enlighten me, although my strength is not very high right now, I am confident that I will be able to reach the Ascension realm myself.”
It turned out that this Silver Red Tiger Tiger King had long since discovered Chen Ping bringing the Jiao Long into the cave, and subsequently nudging the Jiao Long within the cave!