Everyone else also lit up their frost swords!
Seeing this scene, the corner of Mu Nai Yi’s mouth lifted, “Unsuspecting thing ……”
After saying that, her body instantly erupted with an appalling aura, which was like a storm that directly crushed Bing Lu and the others to the point where they couldn’t breathe!
Not to mention making a move, they were now afraid that it would be difficult for them to even move a step!
After all, the difference in strength was too great, and the aura that Mu Nai Yi had erupted had left them with no way to withstand it!
They weren’t Chen Ping, able to fight at a higher level.
Just as Bing Lu and the others were being pressurised and their bodies were falling to their knees, a sudden aura came from behind, causing Bing Lu and the others to instantly let go!
“Why is Eldest Miss Mu in such a temper!”
Ouyang Zhenhua slowly came with the crowd of cultivators!
It was Ouyang Zhenhua who had just relieved Bing Lu and the others!
When Mu Naiyi saw Ouyang Zhenhua, she couldn’t help but frown and said, “Who are you?”
“I am the head of the Ouyang Clan, Ouyang Zhenhua.”
Ouyang Zhenhua said politely!
Upon hearing this, Mu Naiyi instantly grunted coldly, “A mere Ouyang Family, would you dare to meddle in our Mu Family’s affairs?”
“What’s more, you’re only at the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, and you want to fight me too?”
“I don’t dare, only that these few girls, have saved our lives, so I’m still asking Miss Mu to raise her hand.”
Ouyang Zhenhua knew that he wasn’t Mu Naiyi’s opponent and didn’t want to fight after Mu Naiyi!
“What if I insist on taking them away?”
Mu Naiyi said with disdain in her eyes!
“If Miss Mu is stubborn, then I can only be offended, although I am not Miss Mu’s opponent, but with so many of us, against you alone, I think I can still be sure.”
Ouyang Zhenhua also said with a cold face!
Mu Naiyi froze, anger bubbling up in her eyes!
However, Ouyang Zhenhua was right, if all these people came together, Mu Naiyi wouldn’t be able to carry it off!
But she couldn’t let Bing Lu and the others go, if she let them go, it would be difficult to find them!
Mu Naiyi was in a difficult situation, for a moment she did not know what to do!
Just when Mu Nai Yi was in a difficult situation, Mu Yao then quickly flew in!
“Eldest Miss ……”
Mu Yao hurriedly shouted after seeing Mu Nai Yi!
Upon seeing that it was Mu Yao who had come, Mu Naiyi was instantly delighted inside!
“Why have you come? What about Chen Ping?”
Mu Nai Yi asked!
“Eldest Miss, that Chen Ping is hiding in a mansion and hasn’t come out for a long time, I suspect that he is absorbing the inheritance within that statue.”
“That’s why I came over to find Eldest Miss to discuss countermeasures!”
Mu Yao said!
Upon hearing this, Mu Naiyi directly placed her gaze on Bing Lu and the others, “Just in time, capture these Saintesses and use them to force that Chen Ping to show himself at that time.”
“I would like to see, that Chen Ping in not care about these few women.”
And at this time, Bing Lu and the others, seeing Mu Yao appear, their hearts despaired, a Mu Naiyi couldn’t even deal with them, adding a Mu Yao, it was even more hopeless!
When Ouyang Zhenhua saw this, he also had a difficult look on his face, if a Mu Naiyi, he could still deal with it by following the crowd!
But now there was an additional Mu Yao of the 9th rank of the Transition Realm, then they were afraid that they would not be an enemy!
“I’m going to take these women away, anyone else who doesn’t want to die, get the hell away from me.”
Mu Naiyi’s gaze swept towards Ouyang Zhenhua and the others!
This sentence instantly caused many cultivators to retreat backwards.
Ouyang Zhenhua hesitated for a moment, but in the end, he also retreated helplessly, even if he did it, they couldn’t stop them!
This time, Bing Lu and the others were as if their hearts were dead!
Under Mu Naiyi’s and also Mu Yao’s pressure, Bing Lu and the others didn’t even have the ability to make a move!
They could only be manipulated and led away!
Ouyang Zhenhua looked at the back of Bing Lu and the others being taken away, gritted his teeth and said, “Let’s go, let’s follow up and take a look as well ……”