Kuchan Temple!
After two days of recuperation, Shi Qingpei and Shi Yan, father and son, were already like new people!
Moreover, in these two days, they had seen the power of the power of faith!
Many devotees came from far and wide to worship, and the power of faith generated by such devotees was terrifying.
“Eldest Uncle, you have so many believers, but how can you tell which of these believers are the most pious?”
Shi Yan asked curiously to Jue Yuan.
“That’s not easy, just look at the power of faith they generate ……”
Jue Yuan said, choking a magic trick, followed by a wave of his palm forward!
Only to see that in the middle of the main hall, a stream of faith power slowly emerged from the heads of dozens of worshippers!
However, the power of faith that emerged from those people’s bodies was not of one colour!
There was white, there was blue, and there was also a purple one …………
This time, Shi Yan was dumbfounded, he didn’t understand how he could suddenly see the colours!
“See, that white one has the weakest power of faith, while that purple one is the strongest ……”
Jue Yuan said with a faint smile.
Shi Yan saw that among the dozens of believers, there was a girl with a pretty face and surprisingly the purple power of faith above her head, which meant that the girl was the most devout believer!
Seeing Shi Yan looking at the girl, Jue Yuan smiled slightly and said, “Eldest nephew, doesn’t it feel like that girl is pretty?”
Shi Yan nodded, “Indeed she looks good ……”
After fleeing for several days in a row and staying at Kuchan Temple for two days, Shi Yan felt like he hadn’t touched a woman in a long time, so when he looked at the girl, there was a bit of desire in his eyes!
“Hahahaha, a devotee like this is no different from a puppet, I’ll show you ……”
Having said that, Jue Yuan called out to a disciple with a wave of his hand, and then whispered two words!
The disciple quickly walked over to the girl and said something, and the girl followed!
When she saw Jue Yuan, the girl’s face was full of surprise, and then she burst into tears!
It was like seeing an idol, crying with excitement!
“Female monk, I see that you have a destiny with my Kuchan Temple, so I would like to practice joyful meditation with the female monk, I wonder if the female monk would agree!”
Jue Yuan asked with a lofty look.
The female student was full of excitement and nodded her head repeatedly, “Master, I do, I do …………”
“Good then, now you can take off your clothes ……”
Jue Yuan said to the girl.
The girl was surprisingly unashamed and took off her clothes straight away, looking at Shi Yan all dumbfounded!
“Great nephew, go and practice ……”
Jueyuan patted Shi Yan’s shoulder.
Only then did Shi Yan react, picked up the girl and went into the room!
A few minutes later, Shi Yan came out sweating profusely, his face covered in satisfaction!
“Uncle, you …… are so awesome, how on earth did this happen?”
Shi Yan asked as he turned to Jue Yuan.
“Haha, believers like this, even if I told them to die, they would not hesitate.”
“To be able to see my face and practise with me is a blessing they have cultivated in their last life ……”
“Such girls, I want as many as I can get ……”
Jue Yuan said with a condescending face.
When Shi Yan heard this, he kneeled down in front of Jue Yuan with a poof: “Eldest Uncle, please accept me as a disciple, I want to stay at Kuchan Temple and never return to that Hundred Refinement Pavilion.”
At that moment, Shi Qingpei came over and when he saw that his son wanted to stay at Kuchan Temple, his face suddenly turned cold and he said, “Nonsense, your uncle doesn’t have time for you, I only have one son like you, the Hundred Refinement Pavilion is still counting on you to inherit it!”
“Dad, what else is there to inherit? I think the Hundred Refinements Pavilion has long been in ruins now, how could Chen Ping not want those magic weapons!”
“There are no more magic weapons, why inherit the Hundred Refinements Pavilion? It will be a long time before you can refine so many magic weapons, I think Uncle’s Kuchan Temple is quite good.”
Shi Yan said to Shi Qingpei.