Chen Ping took the ancient book and flicked through it for a few moments, and found that what was recorded on it was indeed a Rune Spell, and it was indeed the Rune Spell of the Heavenly Rune Sect, as Chen Ping had received the true transmission of the Heavenly Rune Sect, and back then, in the ancient ruins, Chen Ping was also fortunate enough to have seen the entirety of the Heavenly Rune Sect!
It was only that Chen Ping could not imagine how this Celestial Realm could have a record of the Heavenly Rune Sect’s Rune Spell Art?
And what about this Sheng Bushi, who said that he was the true heir to the Heavenly Rune Sect?
“Master Sheng, you know about this Heavenly Talisman Sect?”
Chen Ping asked as he returned the ancient book to Sheng Bushi!
“Of course I know, the Heavenly Talisman Sect was a great sect thousands of years ago, specialising in the practice of talismanic arts, only that the sect was wiped out after the God-Devil War.”
“However, there are some of the Heavenly Talisman Sect’s talisman arts that have been passed down, the talisman arts that our Sheng family cultivates are said to be from the Heavenly Talisman Sect, so our Sheng family is considered to be the Heavenly Talisman Sect’s transmission into the family, only there is no corroborating evidence.”
“Now that we have this ancient book of the Heavenly Talisman Sect, our Sheng Family is truly the Heavenly Talisman Sect’s heirloom ……”
Sheng Bushi’s face was so excited that his body was trembling slightly!
Listening to Sheng Bushi’s words, Chen Ping also sort of understood that this Heavenly Rune Sect should have been a sect in the Immortal Realm in the past, and had fallen in the midst of the God-Devil War!
When he was in the secular world, the so-called Heavenly Rune Sect Ruins that Chen Ping followed Hu Ma Zi to should be more like a teleportation array that teleported from the secular world to the Heavenly Rune Sect!
Now that Chen Ping recalled the words of the Heavenly Rune Sect’s Patriarch, he could indeed see that the Heavenly Rune Sect was not a secular world sect!
After all, when the Heavenly Rune Sect Patriarch saw the Blood Demon’s puppet corpse, he recognised it at a glance and even gave it a hard time!
That meant that the Heavenly Rune Sect’s sect status was definitely not low!
Hu Ma Zi’s Heavenly Master Sect’s old ancestor, who was a junior disciple of the Heavenly Rune Sect back then, could also see how powerful the Heavenly Rune Sect was!
No wonder this Sheng Bushi was so excited when he saw one of the Heavenly Rune Sect’s Rune Art records, kowtowing and laughing!
But if Sheng Bushi knew that Chen Ping had all of the Heavenly Talisman Sect’s talisman arts in his head, he didn’t know what expression he would have!
“Sheng family master, even if you obtain this talisman art, you may not necessarily be able to learn it, advanced talisman arts like this one require the conquest of a talisman spirit in order to be able to do so, so you shouldn’t be too happy too early ……”
Chen Ping poured a pot of cold water on Sheng Bushi!
After all, this Rune Spell Art, especially the advanced Rune Spell Art, was not something that could be learnt just by looking at it, if that was the case, everyone would be able to become a Rune Master!
Listening to Chen Ping, Sheng Boshi smiled and said, “Of course, I only have the spells written on it, we can’t practise them, but with this ancient book, our Sheng family can call ourselves the heirs of the Heavenly Symbol Sect.”
Chen Ping smiled and was not speaking, the celestial realm rune spell art has fallen to such a state, the Sheng family has this Heavenly Rune Sect’s rune spell art, it can indeed brag about it ……
“Master, I have bad news for you, just now that Qi Peijia came!”
Fire Phoenix stepped forward and said to Chen Ping!
“What?” Chen Ping’s face instantly became very ugly!
He did not expect that Qi Peijia had chased him here, it seemed that this fellow was really a shadowy soul!
However, Chen Ping did not know that Qi Peijia had not come here to chase him, but rather to search for treasure!
“But master don’t worry, that Qi Peijia left and went to the top of the mountain, so we won’t be able to touch them if we go down the mountain now.”
Seeing that look on Chen Ping’s face, the Fire Phoenix hurriedly said!
“Then what did Qi Peijia go to the top of the mountain for?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
“Mr Chen, what is this Qi Peijia you are talking about? Just now, my daughter said that the Heavenly Underworld Gang’s men came and left without making a move.”
At this time, Sheng Bushi walked over!
It seemed that Sheng Jiahui had also followed Sheng Bushi and said what had just happened!
“Sort of a foe, this guy has been chasing me!” Chen Ping explained!