After shouting the Jiang Patriarch awake, Jiang Yulian followed the Jiang Patriarch with the matter of Di Chongjing finding his door!
Hearing that this senior brother of his had actually come to his door, Patriarch Jiang’s brows instantly furrowed!
The expression on his face also became gloomy, and there were a few moments of panic in his eyes!
Seeing this, Ochre Yan then said, “Father-in-law, even if your senior brother is ruthless, you are after all his senior brother, so he can’t possibly do anything to you, right? You don’t need to worry so much.”
“Hey …… you don’t know, this guy is definitely here to look for trouble, back then, his Blood and Bone Sect brutalised living beings, causing many cultivators to be outraged, so they joined together to crusade against him, and among them was me!”
“We chased the Blood Bone Sect’s people all the way, and in the end, these fellows escaped to the boundaries of the Western Region’s Xiao Imperial Dynasty, and that’s how we dodged a bullet!”
“Now that he suddenly came to find me, he must have come to take revenge, where is there any senior brother in his eyes.”
“It seems like this battle is inevitable, you guys gather all the disciples first, if we really make a move, and the situation is not right, you two run, the further away the better!”
Patriarch Jiang instructed Ochre Yan and Jiang Yulian!
“Father, there’s only a few of them, there’s no need to be afraid with this many of us.”
“If we want to escape, we’ll escape together as well, we’ll never leave you by yourself!”
Jiang Yulian shook her head and said!
“Right, we won’t leave father-in-law by yourself, if we have to go, we’ll go together!”Ochre Yan followed suit!
“That Di Chong Jing is running towards me, if I leave, he will never stop, if I stay, you guys will have a chance to escape!”
Sovereign Jiang said!
“Father-in-law, why don’t I contact Mr Chen, as long as Mr Chen comes, he will definitely have a way to deal with this Blood and Bone Sect!”
Ochre Yan said, about to take out his voice transmission jade slip to contact Chen Ping!
“No need, even if we contact Mr Chen, he has a long way to travel, by the time he arrives, Di Chong Jing will have long since run away.”
“In a moment, you two will see what happens ……”
Patriarch Jiang finished speaking and walked out of the room to meet that Di Chong Jing!
Ochre Yan and Jiang Yulian followed behind them, and the other disciples of the Soul Demon Sect were also gathered!
Before Patriarch Jiang and the others arrived at the room where Di Chongjing was resting, Di Chongjing however had already noticed it and then led the others out!
“Senior brother, haven’t seen you for many years, haven’t you been well ah……”
Di Chongjing looked at Patriarch Jiang and said with a leathery smile!
“Senior brother, you are now afraid that your strength is one of the highest amongst the many senior brothers!”
Seeing Di Chongjing’s strength, Patriarch Jiang panicked even more inwardly!
He was only at the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, while the other party was already at the peak of the first rank of the Mahayana Realm, there was no way to make up for such a large realm gap with numbers!
What’s more, the people Di Chongjing had brought with him were also all in the Transition Realm, and their strength was a great deal higher than the Soul Demon Sect’s disciples!
“Senior brother, you don’t have to be so complimentary, if you didn’t unite the crowd to hunt me down back then, I’m afraid that my strength is even higher than it is now.”
“It’s just that you still haven’t made much progress after so many years, you’re still at the Ferrying Realm, you’re really disgracing our master!”
As soon as Di Chongjing opened his mouth, he directly brought up the events of that year, and Patriarch Jiang knew that he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to make things right today!
“Senior brother, back then when we left our master, his old man, he said for us not to kill innocents indiscriminately.”
“Although we are devil cultivators and many people are prejudiced against us and even have ill will towards us, but we can’t give up on ourselves, we have to get the dignity of devil cultivators back before we can do so.”
“We follow other cultivators, we just have different cultivation methods, there is no essential difference.”
“But you suck people’s blood and gnaw on people’s bones, you’re simply no different from a devil, I have no other way but to act on behalf of Heaven!”
Patriarch Jiang could only voice out his bitterness!