When Yao Qing heard this, there was a bit of fear in his eyes, “That old monster is the strongest person I’ve ever seen, I’m afraid I’m the only one who can escape in his hands, and that was more than ten years ago …………”
At that time, Yao Qing was targeted by the three sects and six factions of the Hidden Realm, and the entire Burning Heaven Sect was almost wiped out, there was no place for him here anymore, so Yao Qing thought of looking for a landing place at sea!
As a result, Yao Qing took hundreds of people from the Burning Heaven Sect out to sea in a boat, intending to find a deserted island to establish his base!
However, he ran into demonic beasts on the sea and found a small island, but a strange old man came out of the island.
He was so ruthless and deadly that the men Yao Qing took with him were soon killed and injured, while Yao Qing took the opportunity to jump into the sea to save his life!
More than ten years have pa*sed, but the memory is still fresh in Yao Qing’s mind, so he is in awe of the sea and does not dare to step into it!
And at this moment, Wang Defa and that Seven Deadly Monarch were sailing on the sea with their men, and when they saw the corpses of demonic beasts appearing in a sea, as well as a large area of seawater dyed red, they knew that a battle had taken place here!
“This Chen Ping should be nearby, the corpses of this demonic beast have obviously just been killed recently, chase after ……”
Wang Defa saw the demonic beast corpse and hurriedly ordered to speed up!
Seeing this, that Seven Deadly Monarch also ordered his men to speed up and fly forward in pursuit!
Roar …………
Suddenly, a loud roar spread throughout the sea, a roar like thunder, and the whole sea began to tumble!
When Wang Defa and that Seven Deadly Monarch saw this, they all froze, knowing that they had encountered a demonic beast.
But the two men were not afraid, instead their faces showed excitement, for with such a demonic beast, the beast’s elixir was a treasure!
And Chen Ping and the others, who were eating roast meat on the road, heard the same roar!
Qu Yunchang’s brow furrowed and murderous aura flashed in his eyes, “How dare someone intrude into these waters, looking for death ……”
As soon as Chen Ping heard it, he knew that this loud roar was an alarm made by the demonic beasts as someone had intruded!
Moreover, Chen Ping could also guess that the person who broke in must be running towards himself, only he didn’t know, which clan it was from!
“These people should be here to hunt me down ……”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
When Qu Yunchang heard this, the murderous aura on his body intensified as he said, “They dare to chase after Mr. Chen, I will go and exterminate them now ……”
Qu Yunchang got up and was about to leave, but he was stopped by Chen Ping.
“Old Qu, wait a moment, I’ll go and see who dares to come after me first, if I’m no match, it’s not too late for you to strike!”
Chen Ping intended to take care of it himself, if the other party was coming from a master and he had no way to defeat them, then he would let Qu Yunchang take the fight.
Now that he had Qu Yunchang behind him, Chen Ping had full confidence and did not have to fear the three sects and six factions of that Hidden Realm!
“It’s better, if Mr. Chen is in danger, just send me a signal ……”
Qu Yunchang nodded and said!
Chen Ping got up and left, and after reaching the beach, Chen Ping used the method Qu Yunchang taught him to gather the demonic beasts together.
Then he leapt and stood bodily on a killer whale demonic beast, and immediately headed towards the place where the roar had just been heard!
And at that moment, Wang Deifa and the Seven Fiendish Monarch were arguing over a demonic beast in front of them!
“Seven Deadly Monarchs, I killed this demonic beast, the beast pellet should be given to me ……”
Wang Defa said.
“This demonic beast would have run away if I hadn’t wounded it, you did it secretly while I was unprepared.”
Seven Deadly Monarch said with a face full of cold intent.
The two gangs were at war over the beast pellet, and it seemed like they were about to fight!
But at that moment, only to see a huge wave tumbling in the distance, and it was getting closer and closer!
Wang Defa and the Seven Deadly Monarchs hurriedly looked into the distance and found that underneath the huge waves were dozens of demonic beasts, with huge bodies, swimming and raising huge waves!