“Of course not!” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
After saying that, Chen Ping wanted to walk towards the mountain forest on one side, Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun wanted to follow, but they were rejected by Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not know what dangers there were in this Chilian Mountain Range, if he let Fire Phoenix and Ji Yun follow, it would be a burden instead!
Chen Ping wanted to take a look around to see if he could find the existence of Immortal Qi. If he couldn’t find any Immortal Qi, it would be fine if he could hunt down an Immortal Beast!
However, after half a day of looking around, Chen Ping was disappointed, not to mention the Immortal Beasts, even the ordinary demonic beasts did not see a single one!
There was also no Immortal Qi to be found at all!
This kind of thing that could be encountered but not found, if it was found all at once, perhaps it wouldn’t be so rare!
Chen Ping walked back without any success, he couldn’t go out too far, after all, he wasn’t familiar with the Chilian Mountain Range either!
When Chen Ping returned, he found that Cai Hongwei was spreading some white powder around the place where he had just rested!
The powder was pungent and there was this unpleasant fishy odour!
Seeing that Chen Ping had returned, Cai Hongwei hurriedly said “Hurry up and get inside, a moment later when it gets dark, no one is allowed to walk out of here, I have already laid down simple formations around here, as well as the powder that the demonic beasts are afraid of, so that we can be a little safer at night.”
Chen Ping just swept a glance and didn’t say anything, just this simple formation and that white powder, blocking some small demonic beasts was okay, but when it came to large demonic beasts, or stronger ones, it was simply useless!
“Dad, did you make these work? And that poisonous tent, when will it appear?”
Cai Qiannan asked Cai Hongwei!
“Of course it works, I’ve been walking here for many years, I’ve relied on this method to block those demonic beasts.”
“As for when that poison tent will appear, that’s a matter of probability, I can’t say for sure, but we’ve all eaten Pharmacist Chen’s antidote pills, so even if there’s a poison tent, we’re not afraid of it.”
Cai Hongwei said!
After setting up, all of them cultivated quietly!
Elder Miao on the other hand sat beside Chen Ping and said with a faint smile “Any gains?”
Elder Miao knew that Chen Ping had left on his own, definitely wanting to search for the Immortal Qi in this Chilian Mountain Range!
Chen Ping shook his head and smiled awkwardly!
“Some things are unattainable, maybe if you stop looking for it, that thing will run to you by itself.”
Elder Miao patted Chen Ping on the shoulder and then began to close his eyes as well!
I don’t know how long had passed, the crowd had fallen into a deep sleep, and the surroundings had become very dark, the entire heaven and earth were terribly quiet, without a single sound!
At the place where Chen Ping and the others were resting, the surroundings did not know when, a thick mist had slowly risen!
Within this mist, it unexpectedly carried a slight smell of blood!
Everyone was asleep, and no one had noticed that the mist had wrapped them already!
Suddenly, a cultivator’s eyes suddenly opened, and his eyes were glowing with a faint red light that looked terrifying!
Without the slightest hesitation, this cultivator suddenly struck out at the people around him!
Boom …………
With a palm strike, the person beside him died instantly and violently accompanied by a miserable scream!
This sudden tragic scream woke everyone up!
When they looked at the tragic situation in front of them, they were all somewhat stunned!
Just as the crowd was still shocked, that crazy cultivator unexpectedly started attacking towards the others again!
“Damn, are you crazy?”
“This guy even engaged in a sneak attack, it’s just damn.”
“What’s going on here?”
Everyone yelled incredulously!
“Poison tent, we’re surrounded by poison tents ……”
“This must have been bewitched by the poison tent, causing delirium.”
Cai Hongwei looked around and immediately his face became tense!
“Dad, didn’t we eat the antidote pill, how can we still be poisoned?”
Cai Qiannan asked in confusion!