“Now you can compete, take out the various immortal herbs you need.”
Chen Ping said to the Divine Nong Ding Pill Dignitary who was still looking straight at him!
“Good!” The Pillfather nodded and then ordered the various immortal herbs for refining the Jade Clear Pill to be brought out!
However, at this moment, the Pill Dignitary’s face had long since lost the confidence that he had just felt, after all, Chen Ping had directly taken out the Divine Nong Ding, causing the Pill Dignitary’s self-confidence to be dealt a blow!
This Divine Nong Ding was like a king bomb, directly blowing the Pill Dignitary’s mind!
“Pill Dignitary, calm your mind, as long as you win, this kid will definitely die, but will that Divine Nong Ding can be yours.”
Seeing that Pillfather was distracted, one of his men came forward and whispered!
When Pillfather heard this, his face was immediately happy, then he looked at the Divine Nong tripod again with some greed!
“Kid, now let’s begin, whoever refines the purest Jade Clear Pill and takes the shortest time will be the winner.”
Pillfather said!
“No problem ……,” Chen Ping nodded!
With the sound of a gong, the competition officially began, and everyone watched intently, wanting to see this ancient Shennong tripod refining pills!
After the competition began, the Pillfather immediately struck a spirit fire, then observed the fire of the spirit fire and began to place Immortal Herbs within the cauldron at different times!
This was a necessary step in refining pills, one had to control the fire and pay attention to the order in which the various immortal herbs were placed!
However, Chen Ping was different, only to see Chen Ping throwing all kinds of immortal herbs for refining the Jade Clear Pill into the Shen Nong Cauldron in a brain!
Immediately after that, a blue spirit fire was lifted up in his hand, only to be seen hitting the inside of the Divine Nong Ding!
In an instant, a huge fire was lit inside the Divine Nong Ding!
Seeing this scene, everyone was dumbfounded!
Even the Pill Dignitary on the side stopped the immortal herbs in his hand and looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
He had seen many kinds of methods of refining pills, but he had never seen this kind of refining method, how could there be this kind of refining method for refining pills?
Throwing all kinds of immortal grasses into a brain, and then a fire burned, if this can be able to refine pills, that is really bullsh*t!
“Is this alchemy? I think this is to make a fire for cooking, right?”
“Could it be that this way of refining pills, surely it won’t blow up the furnace?”
“This is the first time I’ve seen this kind of alchemy after living so long.”
The crowd murmured!
On the other hand, Pill Honour moved his cauldron towards the distance, he was afraid that Chen Ping’s cauldron would blow up and injure himself!
Watching the flames in Chen Ping’s Shennong Cauldron getting smaller and smaller, Pill Dignity then remembered that he was also refining pills, so he concentrated and started refining!
Everyone else also stepped back, fearing that Chen Ping’s Shennong Cauldron would blow up!
Ji Cheng looked at Chen Ping’s way of refining pills and was also full of doubts, he did not know how to refine pills, but he had also seen many pill masters refining pills, and there had not been this method ah!
“Mr Chen, what kind of method of alchemy is this ……? Can this work?”
Ji Cheng asked in surprise!
“Wait for a moment, you’ll know if it works or not.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Just as Chen Ping’s words had just fallen, there was a sudden bang of a tremor that startled everyone!
They all thought that Chen Ping’s Divine Nong Ding had blown up!
Only to see a white gas rise to the sky within the Divine Nong Ding, and a medicinal aroma poured out from within the cauldron!
Along with this medicinal fragrance, the sky instantly flashed with a multicoloured light, and a very beautiful Dan cloud was formed!
“Dan cloud, this is a Dan cloud, I have never seen such a beautiful Dan cloud before.”
“My goodness, refining a small Jade Clear Pill, to be able to form a Dan cloud, what kind of alchemy technique is this?”
“Don’t need to look at the Jade Clear Pill, just this Dan cloud alone, I know that this kid must have won, Pillfather has refined countless Jade Clear Pills, but the Dan cloud has not appeared once.”
The crowd stared dumbfounded at the Dan cloud in mid-air, one by one as if struck by lightning!
For his part, Pill Dignitary looked at the dan and sat on his buttocks, then rubbed his eyes hard, he couldn’t believe that this was the dan cloud formed by Chen Ping’s refining of the dan!