He was not going to be the one to pay for it!
But the crowd didn’t know what was in Leng Bing’s mind, and they were all praising him!
“If it wasn’t for Brother Bing today, I’m afraid I wouldn’t be able to drink such good wine for the rest of my life!”
“No, Brother Bing is too awesome, over a million dollars for a meal and he didn’t even blink an eye!”
“Some people just don’t think of themselves, they still want to follow Brother Bing and compare, they don’t even look at how much they weigh ……”
And Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to these people’s taunts, because he knew that later on, there would be a time for these people to cry!
Soon, ten bottles of brandy went down, and all the people were full of wine and rice, and a few were already dizzy from drinking.
“The wine has been drunk and the food is full, let’s go too ……”
Chen Ping said to Wang Han Han.
Wang Han Han nodded and helped Wu Yi Fan up, then walked out of the private room!
Seeing this, Leng Bing hurriedly followed the crowd and chased them out, he wanted to see what Chen Ping was paying with, so he didn’t end up paying out the bill!
“How much did we spend in total?”
Leng Bing asked as he walked up to the front desk.
“Sir, you have spent a total of two million one hundred thousand!”
The cashier at the front desk said quickly!
Leng Bing nodded, and then after taking out her mobile phone and calculating, she said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, there are fourteen of us in total, each person spending is 150,000, for the three of you, you only need to pay 450,000 now ……”
“Four hundred and fifty thousand, not much ……” Chen Ping smiled lightly!
“Chen Ping, you are still pretending at this point, four hundred and fifty thousand is not much, why don’t you take it out, what are you waiting for?”
Zhang Miao sneered!
“I don’t even think buying him is worth $450,000, you really think you’re a big spender!”
Wang Yutian also mocked at Chen Ping!
They wanted to see how Chen Ping would come up with the $450,000, knowing that an ordinary wage earner wouldn’t be able to save enough for $450,000 in ten years!
At this time, Wang Han Han looked at Chen Ping with an anxious face, she had no money on her, where could she get this 450,000?
And Wu Yifan, who had been bowing her head, slowly raised her head and said, “I still have 200,000 in my hand, I can take it out ……”
After all, Wu Yi Fan had a share in this meal, she couldn’t let Chen Ping spend the money, and it was she who had to ask Wang Han Han to come, but it turned out to be this way!
What’s more, she knew that Chen Ping had no money, had just gotten out of jail not long ago, and that his family was not a wealthy family, so the 450,000 might be astronomical to Chen Ping!
“Wu Yi Fan, what are you pretending to be a rich woman? Do you know how many times you have to sell this two hundred thousand? You’d better take pity on yourself first ……”
When Zhang Miao saw that Wu Yifan was actually going to offer money, she immediately said with a mocking face!
“You …………” When Wu Yifan heard this, he immediately turned red with anger!
Soon, Wu Yifan suddenly blacked out, and was actually so angry that she fainted!
“Yi Fan, Yi Fan ……” Wang Han Han, seeing this, hurriedly held Wu Yi Fan and shouted!
Chen Ping went forward and gently put a hand on Wu Yifan’s wrist, knowing that Wu Yifan was just angry and would be fine in a while, so he said to Wang Han Han, “Han Han, you can send her home first, I’ll take care of it here ……”
“Brother Chen Ping, this money ……”
“You don’t need to care, I have a solution, better send her back quickly ……”
Chen Ping said with a firm face!
Wang Han Han looked at Chen Ping and then at the fainted Wu Yi Fan, in the end she could only send Wu Yi Fan away ……
“Chen Ping, you let them go early, are you planning to break the pot yourself and just renege on the bill?”
Leng Bing asked as she turned to Chen Ping.
“Rely on the debt?” Chen Ping smiled lightly, “I don’t have a bill at all, where would I get to renege on it?”