It was Zhao Wuji who spoke up, “Mr. Chen, you have just stepped into the Martial Marquis, don’t underestimate the Ning family too much, they are ……”
“I know!” Chen Ping waved his hand, interrupting Zhao Wuji’s words, “I know that there are people outside the sky, there are people outside the people, I dare to say this, it is not arrogance, but all of the Ning Family, must die ……”
Zhao Wuji still wanted to open his mouth to persuade something, but he was stopped by Shi.
“Since Chen Ping wants to challenge the Ning family, then let him be, and for the battle post for the challenge, Zhao Wuji, you post it.”
“When Chen Ping is challenging the Ning Family, no other clan or family is allowed to intervene, or else don’t blame me for being ungracious!”
Mr. Shi said to Zhao Wuji.
Mr. Shi knew that Chen Ping had many enemies in Kyoto, and there could be more than just one Ning family.
If Chen Ping was seriously injured while dealing with the Ning Family, then the other clans and families would definitely pounce on him like a vicious tiger pouncing on its food.
Mr. Shi was helping Chen Ping out with his worries!
“Many thanks to Mr. Shi ……”
Chen Ping also understood that Mr. Shi was helping him.
“No need to thank me, I’m not exactly doing this to help you, I’m also doing it for myself ……”
Mr. Shi said.
Chen Ping did not understand why Mr. Shi said that, but he was still grateful for Mr. Shi’s extra length of time to come to his rescue.
After coming out of the Protector’s Pavilion, Chen Ping went to investigate what had happened to the Ning family in the past two days.
He wanted to see who was actually targeting the Ning Family!
And at the same time, Zhao Wuji followed Mr. Shi’s instructions and posted Chen Ping’s return to Kyoto to challenge the Ning Family on the Martial Dao Forum!
And he also posted Mr. Shi’s announcement along with it, warning all martial arts families that no one was allowed to interfere while Chen Ping was dealing with the Ning Family.
With this, the Kyoto martial arts community instantly exploded into a frenzy.
Two days ago, it was said that Chen Ping had died, but only three days later, Chen Ping had returned to Kyoto and was challenging the Ning family!
Although there was no photo evidence of Chen Ping, the information was sent out by the Dharma Protector Pavilion, so it couldn’t be fake.
The Dharma Protection Pavilion represented an official, so how could it possibly release false information.
The Ning family became a whirlpool of public opinion for a while, all saying that Ning Dahai was bragging and had deliberately faked the photos and had not killed Chen Ping at all.
And when Ning Hai saw the news on the forum, his entire anger almost made him vomit blood.
He had clearly destroyed Chen Ping’s dantian, and all of Chen Ping’s bones were shattered.
There was no life left in him, he was dead.
How could he suddenly come back to Kyoto and dare to challenge the entire Ning Family in such a high profile manner?
“Impossible, absolutely impossible, this must be fake news!”
Ning Hai roared in anger.
“Dad, this is from the Protector Pavilion, it shouldn’t be fake, right?”
Ning Zhi said.
Ning Hai’s eyes glared, “What do you mean, if they’re not fake, then what I’m saying is fake?”
“No, no, no, I don’t mean that ……”
Ning Zhi said as he hurriedly shook his head.
Faced with his father, Ning Zhi was inwardly afraid of the.
“I don’t believe that Chen Ping is still alive, and even if he is, he must be an invalid!”
Ning Hai did not believe what the forum said at all.
What he believed was his own eyes.
“Forget about this on the forum first, have those two women been found?”
Ning Hai asked to Ning Zhi without bothering about what was said on the forum.
“The two women have been found, I sent someone to catch them, I believe they will be back soon ……”
Ning Zhi said.
“En, when I catch them, I will definitely strip them naked and throw them out on the street to be humiliated ……”
Ning Hai clenched his teeth together.
“When we catch those two women, remember to save one for me, I haven’t enjoyed it for a long time ……”
At that moment, an old and hoarse voice suddenly came into Ning Zhi’s mind.
Ning Zhi was so frightened that his face turned pale, and he hurriedly looked at Ning Hai, and found that Ning Hai was not paying attention to him.