In one day’s time, Chen Ping wiped out the other two shrines as well, slaughtering almost the entire shrine population!
It was on this day that countless believers on the island were thrown into a state of confusion, because the god they believed in had been destroyed, the shrine they worshipped had been destroyed …………
At the same time, Chen Ping commanded Watanabe Fumio to start rebuilding shrines everywhere at a rapid pace, and at this time the statue of the deity enshrined inside the shrine was replaced with Chen Ping!
Coupled with the momentum of the Watanabe family and the publicity of some pro-lifers, Chen Ping had gained a large number of believers in a very short time!
You know the island nation is a strange name, they only respect the strong!
Although Chen Ping was a Daxia man, and although Chen Ping had killed thousands of islanders in one day!
But those ordinary people still treated him as a god, because in their eyes, Chen Ping was the strongest.
The news that all four of the island’s major shrines had been exterminated spread unnoticed and soon spread throughout the island.
This caused the entire martial arts community of the island nation to be shocked!
Even the top bra*s of the island nation sensed the seriousness of the situation and summoned the major masters of the island’s martial arts community to discuss countermeasures!
It was a shock to many islanders that these shrines, which were among the strongest on the island, were all wiped out by one man in one day!
At this moment, at Watanabe Fumio’s villa, Chen Ping was sitting on his knees, adjusting his breath!
Even if Chen Ping’s Heart Condensation Technique was strong, it would still take him some time to digest it!
Three days later, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, the depths in his eyes as vast as the universe!
At that moment, Pocky Hu and Old Fan walked in!
Sensing the aura on Chen Ping’s body, Hu Puzi smiled lightly and said, “Chen Ping, you’ve made another breakthrough at this time?”
Chen Ping nodded, “I have now reached the strength of a Third Grade Martial Saint, those old guys’ divine souls are really good, it’s just a pity that there are so few of them ……”
If the island could have ten or eight such shrines, Chen Ping’s strength should be able to rise even faster and higher!
“Do you still want to devour more? The island has turned the sky upside down after you destroyed these few shrines, and now the island’s top bra*s is furious, and the island’s martial arts community is even more righteously indignant, wanting to wipe you out completely!”
Hu Ma Zi reminded.
“Is that so? That’s great, that way I can absorb some more strength!”
Instead of being worried, Chen Ping was happy!
Since they were all islanders anyway, Chen Ping didn’t need to be polite, now that he was a third-grade Martial Saint, he was strong enough to deal with everything!
“Mr. Chen, you still shouldn’t be too optimistic, I’ve heard that the island’s top bra*s is furious and has sent word to the island’s martial arts community to make sure to pull you down from the altar of God, or else all these ordinary people in the island will become your followers.”
“So the island martial arts community intends to invite the island’s number one expert, Kuroki Kawasaki, I heard that this guy has lived for nearly two hundred years and has already reached Martial Saint strength a long time ago, now no one knows what level this Kuroki Kawasaki has reached!”
“He has already retired for decades because he has no opponent, I heard that this time the island martial arts community is going to collectively go out to invite Kuroki Kawasaki to come out ……”
Old Fan followed Chen Ping with a gloomy face and said.
“There is still such an expert in the island?” Chen Ping’s eyes flashed with a brilliant aura, “Won’t this fill me up again?”
When Hu Ma Zi and Old Fan heard this, the two of them looked at each other somewhat dumbfounded.
They had originally wanted to persuade Chen Ping to return to his country, after all, they had already turned the island upside down!
Moreover, Chen Ping had also retaliated and his strength had increased.
That said, it was already possible, and this trip to the island was not a waste of time!