“Hahahaha ……” Qin Xiaotian laughed out loud, “Really, I’d like to see how you can make me laugh!”
“Well, there is one last piece, this is something I have spent a lot of money to beg for, this magic weapon is extraordinary in its power, since you all have invited the master of the eye, then let you all take a look and see who can activate the formation on this magic weapon!”
As Zou Zhaolong said this, he opened the last box and saw that inside was a gossip tray carved out of mahogany, the wood was stained and dusty because of its age!
When the eight trigrams were taken out, all eyes were on it, but there was nothing peculiar about it, it looked like a piece of rotten wood, if it was thrown on the street, no one would pick it up!
Even Master He shook his head with a slight frown!
Only Chen Ping sat quietly, not moving a muscle, not even glancing at the eight trigrams, originally he thought he would get something from the auction, but in the end it turned out to be a scam!
This eight trigrams plate is actually a piece of rotten wood, it does not contain any magic formations at all, not to mention that it is not a magic weapon, that’s why this group of eye masters can not see anything!
“Master He …………”
Qin Xiaotian looked at Master He and asked in a small voice, “What’s so special about this Eight Trigrams Plate?”
Grandmaster He shook his head, “This Eight Trigrams Plate looks ordinary, there must be something inside, I’ve only looked at it twice now, I can’t be sure yet!”
“Then can Master He activate the spell formation on top of this Eight Trigrams Plate?” Qin Xiaotian asked with an excited look on his face.
“It’s hard to say, but I’m fifty percent sure ……”
Grandmaster He said.
“Gentlemen, you have all seen it, do you know the special features of this Eight Trigrams Plate? Can anyone open the spell formation inside?”
Zou Zhaolong asked with a faint smile.
At this, those eye masters looked at each other, no one said anything because none of them could see anything!
“All of you are high achievers in the arts, you wouldn’t be unable to see even a small eight trigrams plate, right?” Zou Zhaolong said in a slightly sarcastic tone when he saw that no one was speaking.
“I’ll try ……”
Master He was stirred up and picked up the Bagua Plate and was ready to study it carefully!
Seeing Master He’s look, Chen Ping snorted coldly, a bunch of ignorant guys, holding a piece of rotten wood and looking around, what can they tell?
Seeing Chen Ping’s cold snort, Master He frowned: “What are you laughing at, can you not activate the formation on this eight trigrams plate?”
“I am laughing at your ignorance and fearlessness ……”
Chen Ping spoke indifferently!
“You …………” Master He’s face turned cold and he gritted his teeth in anger as he tried to strike at Chen Ping!
“Master He, no need to be angry, following this ignorant child to fight will ruin your reputation, since this kid is so arrogant, then we can have a match to see who can see the special features of this Eight Trigrams Plate and who can activate the formations on it, the losing party will directly shell out two hundred million to the other party, how about that?”
Qin Xiaotian said and placed his gaze on Bai Xiushan, “Elder Bai, since your Bai family holds this kid like a god, then dare you follow us and have a match?”
“We are here to buy something, not to compete, what is there to compare ……”
Bai Xiushan did not agree, in his opinion, even if Chen Ping was a cultivator, he was definitely inferior to that Master He, after all, the other party had been subconsciously cultivating for decades!
“Hahahaha, are you being a wimp?” Qin Xiaotian laughed with a face full of triumph!
“Is there any need to compare this? Master He must have won, so many of us didn’t see it, what can he, a little kid, see?”
“That’s right, even a fool knows the result, who would compare!”
“Two hundred million is not much for the Bai family, but throwing money away for nothing, no one would be willing to ……”
The crowd was chattering, no one was optimistic about Chen Ping!