“What divine weapon?”
Chen Ping asked.
Long Wu shook his head, “How would I know, this thing is a secret of the Dragon Family, not many people know about it, but you’d better be careful ……”
Chen Ping nodded, “Uncle Long don’t worry, I’ll be careful!”
“There is also the matter of following the Martial Alliance to call for a confrontation, you try to keep a low profile, the depth of the Martial Alliance is not what you see in front of you, you must not be impetuous ……”
Long Wu was afraid of Chen Ping’s youthful anger, constantly admonishing.
Only Long Wu didn’t know about Su Yuqi’s capture by the Martial Dao Alliance yet, if he did, he wouldn’t know what to think!
Chen Ping didn’t tell Long Wu after all, Long Wu had followed Su Yuqi for some time and the two had a deep affection for each other, and since Long Wu had pa*sed on all the kung fu in his body to Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, in Long Wu’s eyes, he had already regarded Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er as his own children!
Now if he told Long Wu that Su Yuqi had been captured by the Martial Alliance and raised as a mouse, Long Wu would probably be furious.
“I know!”
Chen Ping nodded, then turned to leave!
Looking at Chen Ping’s back, Long Wu sighed lightly, then whistled, followed by a white pigeon landing on Long Wu’s shoulder.
Long Wu took out a long written note, tied it to the pigeon’s leg, and then let it fly ……
…………
Chen Ping rushed to Kyoto without stopping, and when he arrived at the Protector’s Pavilion, there was only one day left before he was to follow Long Xiao in the tournament!
Seeing Chen Ping return, Zhao Wuji hurriedly came forward and said with a guilty look on his face, “Mr. Chen, have you seen Miss Gu? At that time, she secretly went with you and I didn’t stop her ……”
“I saw her, she’s in Pill God Valley now, it’s fine!” Chen Ping patted Zhao Wuji’s shoulder and then asked, “Pavilion Master Zhao, has there been any movement in Kyoto in the past few days since I left?”
Zhao Wuji shook his head, “No, both the Martial Alliance and the Long Family are quite calm, but I heard that that Long Xiao’s master, Venerable Ding Huan, personally came down to the mountain to instruct Long Xiao, this kid’s strength has improved by leaps and bounds in just a few days, so you should beware Mr. Chen ……”
Chen Ping just smiled lightly, Long Xiao’s strength had grown by leaps and bounds in the past few days, while his own strength was not, Chen Ping had obtained the power of the divine dragon, now he had a fighting chance even with the peak of Martial Sect.
“Mr. Chen, there is one more thing, but you don’t have to worry too much ……”
Zhao Wuji suddenly said again.
“What is it?” Chen Ping asked.
“The Watanabe family of the island nation has released word that they are going to send five eighth grade Martial Sects to a*sa*sinate you in Daxia to avenge that Watanabe Ichiro, but there is no need to be nervous Mr. Chen, Mr. Shi has already ordered down and sent people to block the border, it is impossible for these people to enter Daxia’s territory.”
Zhao Wuji said.
Chen Ping nodded, he was not worried at all, if a mere five Eighth Grade Martial Sects could sneak into Daxia’s Kyoto, then the entire Daxia border was too lax and the entire Kyoto’s defences were too rubbish.
But Chen Ping knew that things would never be that simple either, the Watanabe clan was not stupid enough to send people to a*sa*sinate and blatantly call out their whereabouts, wasn’t this a blatant way of telling the other party their whereabouts?
The reason why the Watanabe family did this, these five eighth grade Martial Sects were just a front, the real a*sa*sins didn’t know where they were!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, there’s still one day left, I need to close up, so try not to disturb me if there’s nothing going on ……”
Chen Ping had received the power of the divine dragon and had yet to properly close down and cultivate, he wanted to see if he could break through a few realms with the strong power of the divine dragon!
“Don’t worry Mr. Chen, I will personally protect you ……”
Zhao Wuji said.
Chen Ping returned to his room, took out the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers diagram, a divine sense entered the diagram and his body slowly began to be wrapped in a faint white mist.
Chen Ping only felt a churning within his dantian, followed by from within the dragon crystal, a domineering aura inside his body quickly scurrying about, all the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body was sucked away by this domineering aura.