“Who is it?”
A woman’s icy voice came.
“Sister, it’s me!”
Minnie said in a loud voice.
“You girl, didn’t I punish you for guarding the palace gate? Why did you run back?”
The woman asked with some anger.
“Sister, I’ve brought you someone, I guarantee you’ll die of joy when you see him.”
Minnie said with an excited look on her face.
“Don’t you give me any more slips, guard the palace gate for three days, not even one day less.”
The woman said coldly.
“Sister, I’ve really brought you someone, someone you especially want to see.”
Minnie said with some urgency.
“Then come in!”
Xiaomin led Chen Ping to push open the door and walk in.
When he walked into the room, Chen Ping took a glance and saw a girl dressed in red, with an icy face, snow-white skin and handsome looks sitting behind a table.
Only the girl’s eyebrows carried a bit of sadness between them!
When the woman looked up and saw Chen Ping, she also faintly stared.
“Brother Chen, this is my sister, her name is Ji Ru Xue, you can just call her Xiao Xue, she is now also the Palace Master of the Red Lotus Palace!”
Xiao Min followed Chen Ping and introduced her.
“Hello, Palace Master Ji! I have unintentionally intruded into your Red Lotus Palace, I hope I won’t be offended!”
Chen Ping said politely.
That Ji Ru Xue, on the other hand, did not say a word and looked at Chen Ping with her eyes a little straight.
“Sister, big brother Chen is talking to you!”
After Minnie reminded her, Ji Ru Xue then reacted and
“Hello, Mr. Chen, please have a seat!”
Ji Ru Xue politely got up and told Chen Ping to sit down, and ordered someone to serve tea.
“Minnie, go and guard the palace gate!”
After serving the tea, Ji Ru Xue said to Minnie.
“Sister ……”
Xiao Min glanced at Chen Ping, obviously not wanting to go, she wanted to follow Chen Ping for a while longer!
“Go now, this is an order ……”
Ji Ru Xue’s face turned cold, scaring Xiaomin into rushing away, and not forgetting to look at Chen Ping twice more as she left.
After Minnie left, only Ji Ru Xue and Chen Ping were left inside the room.
“Mr. Chen, could it be that you have also come here after reading the announcement?”
Ji Ru Xue gently took a sip of tea and asked indifferently.
“Announcement? What announcement?”
Chen Ping was astonished, “I came to your Red Lotus Palace, I really did not intend to intrude, I still hope that Palace Master Ji will not misunderstand!”
Chen Ping did not know what the announcement Ji Ru Xue was talking about, nor did he understand what Ji Ru Xue meant.
Ji Ru Xue looked at Chen Ping that way and realized that Chen Ping really did not know, so she smiled lightly, “Mr. Chen, it is considered fate that you have unintentionally intruded into my Red Lotus Palace, since Mr. Chen is here, you should have been treated well.”
“It’s just a pity that our Red Lotus Palace has a lot of things to do in the past two days, so I won’t be able to entertain Mr. Chen, I hope Mr. Chen won’t take offence!”
“You can casually tour around our Red Lotus Palace for two days, but after two days, Mr. Chen must leave!”
Chen Ping was slightly stunned, he didn’t expect that he had done nothing and Ji Ru Xue had given an expulsion order!
That Xiao Min had even said that Ji Ru Xue liked him and had secretly collected his photos.
Now it seemed that Ji Ru Xue was not very enthusiastic about herself, was she?
“Palace Master Ji, I just didn’t mean to barge in, so since it’s inconvenient, I’ll just leave!”
Chen Ping did not want to stay in the Red Lotus Palace for long either.
“Mr. Chen, I’m really sorry!”
Ji Ru Xue said apologetically.
“No, no, no, it was me who ventured in, sorry!”
Chen Ping also felt that he had been a little reckless.
“Palace Master, several elders have arrived ……”
At this moment, a disciple of the Red Lotus Palace walked in and said.
“Mr. Chen, sorry, excuse me!” Ji Ru Xue got up with an apologetic face, “Mr. Chen can just stroll around before leaving, I have already ordered that no one will stop Mr. Chen.”
“Thank you, Palace Master Ji, be my guest ……”
Chen Ping said politely as he got up.