“Kid, it seems that you still have some knowledge of spell formations, and you actually saw through the spell formation that I didn’t want.”
“But what you just said is very good, you can’t leave even if you want to now ……”
The corner of the Second Elder’s mouth slightly raised!
At this moment, behind the Second Elder, there were four cultivators with sky-high auras following, each with the strength of the fifth rank of the Ferrying Realm!
It was because of Bai Shallow’s presence that he had brought cultivators of the Fifth Grade of the Transition Realm!
“Fox Imperial Maiden, our Second Master said that this matter has nothing to do with you, we can let you go.”
The Second Elder said in a low voice to Bai Shao!
After all, Bai Shallow’s Transition Realm 7th Grade strength, none of them wanted to mess with Bai Shallow!
“f*ck you, how could I possibly put Chen Ping down and leave him alone, he’s my little baby now.”
“If any of you dare to touch him, it’s the same as following me into a direct war.”
Bai Shallow cursed angrily at that Second Elder!
The second elder’s face became very ugly when he was scolded by Bai Shallow!
“Second Elder, this is our Sheng Family’s own matter, following Mr Chen has nothing to do with it, you guys let Mr Chen go and I can go persuade my father to hand over the treasures he got in the Divine Demon Battlefield.”
Sheng Jiahui took a step forward and said after the second elder!
“Eldest Miss, I am also under orders to do so, these are the Second Master’s wishes, if you can get them to bind their hands, perhaps they can still leave a chance to save their lives.”
The Second Elder displayed a helpless expression!
Sheng Jiahui looked at this expression of the Second Elder and gritted her teeth in anger, this Second Elder was simply bad to the core, it had come to this point and still lied without blushing at all!
“With just a few of you rubbish, you want us to tie our hands? Are you out of your mind?”
Chen Ping said towards the Second Elder with great disdain!
“Hmph, don’t look at us as not being of a high realm, but don’t forget that we are from a family of arts and crafts, and in a moment, I will let you taste the taste of the flames.”
After the second elder finished speaking, he then waved his hand and said “Set up a formation and burn them all to death ……”
Seeing this, those four cultivators quickly began to set up a formation, a ray of light came from everywhere, then in front of Chen Ping and the others, it transformed into a prison cage!
Chen Ping and the others were directly detained in the cage, and there was a streak of lightning looming around the cage!
Immediately after that, flames rose up around the cage, and they became more and more ferocious!
Sheng Jiahui’s face changed drastically and she said nervously, “Mr Chen, this is a fiery cage, they want to burn us to death. ……”
Looking at Sheng Jiahui’s nervous expression, Chen Ping said calmly, “Don’t be afraid, playing with fire is bound to burn itself, in this aspect of playing with fire, they are still too young……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he swung his palms lightly, and a flame jumped up from his palms!
As if the flame was alive, it directly detached itself from Chen Ping’s palm and jumped into the blazing flames!
Right after this small flame jumped into the blazing flame, the blazing flame was like a mouse seeing a cat, it started to dodge continuously, and in the end, it even went out directly!
This sudden change made the Second Elder and several cultivators all stupefied!
Several cultivators became a little alarmed, this was the Flame Cage, which was considered their Sheng Family’s most proud formation!
Now it was being extinguished by Chen Ping who had easily extinguished the flames!
“Don’t be afraid, even without the flames, they won’t be able to escape this cage.”
The Second Elder hurriedly spoke out to comfort them!
But just as the Second Elder’s words fell, he saw Chen Ping’s finger gently pointing, and the seemingly sturdy cage directly turned into specks of light and disappeared without a trace!
“This …………”
The Second Elder was dumbfounded, he had never seen such an easy way to break a formation before!
Seeing the second elder and their expression, Chen Ping smiled faintly “I forgot to tell you guys, I actually have quite a bit of research on formations, so if you want to use formations against me, sorry, it’s useless ……”