As if he had not heard, Long Xiao’s entire body still charged towards that throne.
There was a glow of excitement in his eyes!
Boom ……
But just as Long Xiao reached the front of the throne and was about to reach out to grab it, he was knocked back directly by a flash of white light!
Long Xiao’s body fell heavily to the ground, and his face turned pale for a moment!
It looked like the force of that recoil just now had injured him!
“Good opportunity ……”
Dong Jiahao, who had been watching Long Xiao, had a light in his eyes at this moment, knowing that the opportunity had come.
He only saw Dong Jiahao raise his palm, and a strong aura forced straight towards Long Xiao.
This palm contained all of Dong Jiahao’s energy, and it was directed towards Long Xiao’s face, clearly intended to kill him in one blow!
Long Xiao was shocked and tried to get up in a panic to fight, but unfortunately, their distance was too close and Dong Jiahao was already in front of him.
Just as Long Xiao was about to be struck by Dong Jiahao’s palm, Xu Song struck out, only to see him leap up and swing a palm towards Dong Jiahao as well!
Boom!
A huge sound reverberated throughout the palace.
Dong Jiahao’s body couldn’t help but fly backwards and then fell against the wall, spitting out blood and his entire arm trembling.
At this moment, Long Xiao had also gotten up, and when he saw that Dong Jiahao had even attacked him secretly, he could not rest in anger!
“Long Xiao, are you trying to get us all killed? You can’t just move things around here, if you touch the mechanism, we’ll all die here!”
Zhu Zhishan reprimanded Long Xiao with great discontent.
However, Long Xiao did not pay attention to Zhu Zhishan, but looked at Dong Jiahao coldly.
“Dong Jiahao, you grandson dared to sneak in behind, I will kill you today ……”
The aura on Long Xiao’s body skyrocketed, a black aura appeared all over his body, the anger on his body was burning brightly!
Dong Jiahao knew that he only had a chance to kill him in one blow, and since the chance was gone, he was definitely going to die here.
“Long Xiao, you scum of the Kyoto martial arts world, thanks to your Long family being a sectarian family, you have become an evil cultivator ……”
“And the Martial Dao Alliance, you’re also a bunch of C*nts, just you guys are also worthy of the name of martial artist, I pooh ……”
Dong Jiahao, knowing that he was dead, simply cursed out.
“You seek death ……”
Long Xiao’s eyes faintly stared, and then with a wave of his palm, a majestic aura went towards Dong Jiahao.
Dong Jiahao didn’t even have time to react, and his entire person was once again jerked away.
Dong Jiahao was in the end, his face was grim and he looked in great pain, he tried to get up, but found that there was no way to stand up.
Although he could not get up, Dong Jiahao still hurled more than a few curses.
“Long Xiao, kill me if you have the guts, you scum of the martial arts world, sooner or later, you will be condemned by the heavens ……”
Dong Jiahao gritted his teeth and cursed loudly and angrily at Long Xiao.
At this moment, Long Xiao, surprisingly, smiled slightly and slowly walked in front of Dong Jiahao: “You just have a tough mouth, I won’t let you die painfully, I will slowly torture you to death ……”
After saying that, a black mist actually emerged from above Long Xiao’s palm, and then this black mist instantly entered Dong Jiahao’s body.
In an instant, Dong Jiahao’s body was itchy, and even inside his bones felt like thousands of ants were crawling!
“Ah …………”
Dong Jiahao rolled over with an excruciatingly painful expression!
Long Xiao was admiring with a cold smile on his face, while Zhu Zhishan at the side didn’t even give Dong Jiahao a glance, Dong Jiahao’s death had nothing to do with him, what he cared about was the treasures inside the palace!
Especially the throne, just now the throne instantly activated the formation, shaking Long Xiao out of the way, the aura of power from the formation activation was so huge that Zhu Zhishan had never felt it before!
Zhu Zhishan was staring at the throne, examining it carefully, hoping to find a way to break the formation, and the mermaid sculpture on the throne.