“Mr Chen, no!”
Seeing this, the Broad Cold Palace Master rushed to stop him!
“Don’t promise him.”
“Don’t ever, this is a trick.”
“Master ……”
All of them also looked at Chen Ping unanimously, blocking him!
They all knew that this Mu Qing fellow was deliberately showing weakness, deliberately exposing his seventh rank of the Transitional Abomination Realm, but the real strength, no one knew!
This was the most frightening, as the saying goes, knowing one’s enemy and knowing one’s self is the best way to win a hundred battles, but now that they didn’t even know what the other party’s strength was, how could they still fight?
“Don’t worry, I have my own measure, he can’t hurt me.”
Chen Ping said with a confident smile!
“Hahaha, I have seen many confident and arrogant people, but you make me admire you, I can promise you that I will let you have three moves.”
Mu Qing laughed arrogantly!
“No need, you’d better use your full strength, or else when you lose, you’ll cheat and deny it, saying that you didn’t use your full strength.”
“I’m a person who doesn’t like to be abrasive, they are all young people, so don’t say much if you are bragging!”
Chen Ping looked at that Mu Qing and said with firm eyes!
“Good!”
Mu Qing said, his body’s aura instantly exploded, and then he beckoned, “Come out ……”
“Mr Chen, you must not go out!”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was filled with anxiety as he dissuaded Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, we are not afraid of death, don’t fall for it!”
Luo Shouhai also said!
But Chen Ping’s mind was made up, he only waved his hand, and the defence formation laid in front of the Guanghan Palace slowly closed!
Chen Ping took one step and arrived in front of that Mu Qing!
Mu Qing waved his hand, and everyone behind him retreated, after all, two Ferrying Realm cultivators battling against each other, the ripple effect was huge!
Butler Liu led the people backward, his eyes filled with confidence!
Mu Qing was a cultivator of the Mahayana realm, wouldn’t it be possible for Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transition realm, to fight against him!
Even if this Chen Ping was more gifted and his methods were brilliant, but in front of the absolute strength gap, this was an unbridgeable chasm!
“You make your move!”
Mu Qing said as he looked towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, however, shook his head, “You’d better make your move first, I don’t want to fall on my sword, lest you find an excuse if you lose in a while.”
Mu Qing’s eyes slightly condensed as he stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, “It’s really the first time I’ve seen a tough-talking guy like you, then let me slap this mouth of yours to swelling before I say anything!”
Mu Qing raised his hand, and a roiling black mist suddenly filled the sky!
As the Mu Family’s second son, Mu Qing had unexpectedly performed a devilish feat in public, without shying away from it!
Only a huge palm was seen coming towards Chen Ping!
As this palm was slapped out, countless black filaments fell from the endless void as if it was a torrential rain.
These thin filaments were as fast as lightning, and then continued to grow larger and larger, finally transforming into a giant black python!
Countless giant pythons swooped down from the sky, opening their bloody mouths!
These giant pythons, covering the sky and the sun, and on each one of them, there was actually a faint white light emanating from their bodies!
“Ten Thousand Elephant Demon Technique ……”
Song Tianhai of the Soulless Hall immediately let out a cry of alarm, while his pupils contracted and his entire body trembled!
Everyone was stunned when they heard the words Ten Thousand Elephant Devil Technique!
That Mu Qing also turned his gaze towards Song Tianhai, his eyes filled with incredulity!
Obviously, he hadn’t expected that someone had recognised his means!
“Hall Master Song, the Ten Thousand Elements Devil Technique you mentioned, is it that great devil’s technique?”
Luo Shouhai asked with a face full of shock!
“Not bad ……”
Song Tianhai nodded!
At this, many people’s faces changed drastically!
They all knew what that great devil represented.
After the God-Devil War, the Devil Race had almost disappeared, in an environment where everyone was shouting at them!
Many devil cultivators lived in seclusion and secretly cultivated!
Yet there was a great devil who, instead of hiding, went on a killing spree to revitalise the devil path.