“This fellow, what exactly is his identity?”
“Seventh grade of the Transition Realm realm, yet he shows a strength higher than a first grade of the Mahayana Realm.”
“At a young age, he’s also a formation master, a high-level formation master!”
“He even dared to kill the son of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Lord ……”
Zhu Qingxiu really couldn’t figure out what Chen Ping’s identity was, and what kind of background he had to achieve such bullishness!
After Chen Ping had concentrated on carving the formation, there was an instant barrier slowly rising around them.
After the barrier rose, Zhu Qingxiu instantly felt a change in her surroundings, the entire area had a sense of comfort!
“We’re at the bottom of the sea, what are you still laying down a formation for?”
Zhu Qingxiu asked in confusion!
After all, no one would have thought that they were at the bottom of the Dead Sea, and not just anyone would be able to enter this bottom of the sea!
“This formation is to protect this Divine Tree, there is a remnant soul within the Divine Tree, that’s why this Divine Tree emits Immortal Aura, and there is also Divine Sense.”
Chen Ping followed Zi’er’s story with Zhu Qingxiu in general, and Zhu Qingxiu fell silent!
She had always thought that this Divine Tree was itself possessing Immortal Aura, but she had never thought that it was a wisp of residual soul that was hidden inside!
Chen Ping followed Zhu Qingxiu and sat at the bottom of the sea, neither of them talking anymore!
As long as those demonic cultivators couldn’t find anyone, they would leave!
When the devil cultivators left, they would just rush out of the seabed and return to the mainland!
Just as Chen Ping and Zhu Qingxiu waited, above their heads, a dozen figures quickly appeared!
It was Ning Zhi who arrived with a type of demonic cultivator and then stopped at the location above Chen Ping’s and their heads!
“Sir Ning, is this the right direction? I can’t see any figures around here at all?”
The green-clothed cultivator asked!
Ning Zhi, on the other hand, was holding a compass, his brows slightly furrowed as he kept fiddling with it!
In the end, Ning Zhi’s gaze fell to the Dead Sea at his feet!
“The two of them are most likely in this Dead Sea.”
Ning Zhi said coldly!
“Inside this Dead Sea?”The green-clothed cultivator froze, then shook his head, “Sir Ning, you don’t understand this Dead Sea yet, there isn’t a single living thing within this Dead Sea, if someone enters the Dead Sea, they’ll immediately turn into white bones.”
“How could the two of them possibly enter the Dead Sea, unless they wanted to be lifeless.”
“Within the Dead Sea, ordinary cultivators may not dare to enter, but Chen Ping dares, he must have brought that Zhu Qingxiu inside the Dead Sea, the location I searched for will not be wrong.”
“Since there is none around here, then he must be at the bottom of the sea.”
Ning Zhi said with great certainty!
“Prince Ning, I don’t want to deny your guess, it’s just that you really don’t understand the power of the Dead Sea, we’ve lived here for many years, and we’ve never seen a single cultivator who was able to reach the bottom of the Dead Sea.”
“Not to mention entering the bottom of the sea, even dabbling in seawater is impossible, you’ll directly get skin ulcers.”
“Let’s just go and look elsewhere, wasting time here, I’m afraid that Chen Ping is going to escape, and there’s no way to follow the alliance master when the time comes.”
The green-clothed cultivator persuaded Ning Zhi to look elsewhere!
Ning Zhi coldly glanced at the green-clothed cultivator and said, “Don’t hold your alliance lord against me, he is your alliance lord, not mine, don’t forget that we are only in a co-operative relationship.”
“Since you said that no cultivator is able to enter the middle of the Dead Sea, then I’ll show you how I entered.”
As Ning Zhi finished speaking, flames unexpectedly began to rise from his body before he charged towards the Dead Sea!
Ning Zhi’s body was directly rooted into the Dead Sea, instantly disappearing without a trace!
The many demonic cultivators all looked on in shock, wanting to see what the outcome was!
But after waiting for a while, they didn’t find Ning Zhi coming up, nor did they see Ning Zhi floating up as white bones!
It was only after another quarter of an hour that Ning Zhi’s form emerged from the surface of the sea!