“If he wants to save his girlfriend, he definitely will, except for the resources that are going to appear recently, I’m afraid they will have to be given to him.”
Song Qingping said with a grim look on his face.
“This kid’s anti-bone is too heavy, but if he can make good use of it, he might become a good helper.”
The black-robed man said indifferently.
“I will find a way to make use of him, you’d better leave as soon as possible so that you won’t be discovered.”
Song Qingping urged the black-robed man to leave quickly!
“Then I’ll leave the matter here to you, when the day the aura recovers, that’s when our demon race will raise its eyebrows.”
After the black-robed man finished speaking, he casually waved his hand in mid-air, and a bright light flashed up.
The black-robed man quickly disappeared into the glow!
After the black-robed man left, Song Qingping glanced at the motionless Demon Spirit Sect Leader and slowly stepped forward to take off that Demon Spirit Sect Leader’s mask.
And underneath that mask was a skeleton, without the slightest bit of flesh and blood ……
………………
After sending Chen Ping to his residence, Zhou Jie said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, if there is something wrong, you can find me anytime, I am really sorry for today’s incident, that Deacon Lu was a bit reckless.”
Zhou Jie was apologising for what that Deacon Lu had done to Chen Ping!
“It’s none of your business!” Chen Ping smiled indifferently, he knew that Zhou Jie’s position in the Demon Spirit Sect was not very high, so he did not have much right to say anything.
“Then, Mr. Chen, rest more, I’ll leave you alone!”
Zhou Jie said, about to leave!
At this time, Hu Pocky had already been waiting at the door and immediately opened the door and said to Zhou Jie, “Miss Zhou, come in and have a seat and chat for a while?”
When Zhou Jie saw Hu Puzi, she just rolled her eyes, knowing that if she went in, she would be eaten by Hu Puzi again!
But just as Zhou Jie was about to turn around and leave, Chen Ping suddenly called out to Zhou Jie, “Miss Zhou, how long have you been a member of this Demon Spirit Sect?”
Zhou Jie turned her head to look at Chen Ping and said, “Mr. Chen, are you asking this, is there something wrong?”
“Oh, I just think that from now on, we will be a cooperative relationship and want to get to know each other a little more!”
Chen Ping explained.
Zhou Jie smiled faintly and said, “I’ve been here for more than ten years, I was brought here since I was a few years old.”
“How did you remember to join the Demon Spirit Sect? Or maybe they forced you to?”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
“No, no, no, our Demon Spirit Sect would never force anyone to join, except that when I was a few years old, my whole family was chased by an enemy, and then my parents both died, and a person from the Demon Spirit Sect pa*sed by and saved me, and brought me to the Demon Spirit Sect.”
Zhou Jie explained.
When Chen Ping heard this, he looked a little embarra*sed, he did not expect Zhou Jie to have such a tragic past.
“Miss Zhou, I’m sorry ah ……”
Chen Ping felt embarra*sed for evoking Zhou Jie’s painful past!
“It’s okay, it’s been so many years, and I’m living quite well here, although outsiders call us demons, but I feel warm here.”
“And for the ten years or so I’ve been here, our patriarch has always taught us to cultivate our bodies and not to lose our hearts because of our cultivation!”
“The gongfu we practise, if an individual’s determination and greed are too great, they will be consumed by the gongfu and become sadistic and brutal, so many people have misunderstood us.”
“When you came here and saw our Demon Spirit Sect people, were they different from what you imagined?”
Zhou Jie’s eyes were full of pride as she introduced the Demon Spirit Sect.
“It’s indeed a little different!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
Although when that Deacon Lu had seen Chen Ping, he had sought to follow him in a match, and the moment he struck, it was a killing move!