Zhou Jie blushed slightly and spoke, “It was our Vice Lord who came to my room and told me once when he was drunk, and he said he would give me a life I couldn’t imagine in the future ……”
“Drunk and came to your room? Could it be that you have …………”
Chen Ping looked at Zhou Jie, which made Zhou Jie blush even more!
“I’ve already been a deputy ally now ……”
Zhou Jie lowered her head and said in a small voice.
For his part, Chen Ping smiled awkwardly and didn’t ask any more questions, he could only lower his head and start eating!
Just as Chen Ping was following Zhou Jie’s meal, he suddenly felt a strange feeling, like someone was staring at him from behind!
Chen Ping frowned slightly and his divine sense spread out instantly, but soon a smile appeared on the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth and he retracted his divine sense!
“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong with you?”
Zhou Jie looked at Chen Ping frowning one moment and smiling the next, so she asked in confusion.
“Nothing, let’s eat, I guess someone is getting anxious ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“Waiting impatiently? Who’s waiting for us?”
Zhou Jie had a dumbfounded look on her face.
“You’ll find out later, hurry up and eat.”
Chen Ping said, and then started to eat quickly!
After eating and settling the bill, Chen Ping followed Zhou Jie and headed out!
Chen Ping seemed to be walking casually down the street, but he had already been secretly observing the people behind him!
“Are they all ready yet? People will be coming over soon ……”
At this time, that Zheng Kai asked to the eight subordinates at a street corner.
“Young master, it’s all ready, don’t worry.”
One of the underlings said.
“That’s good!” Zheng Kai nodded, then the corners of his mouth lifted, “Brat, dare to punch me in the face, today I will let you taste the power of our Zheng Family Soul Locking Chain.”
Soon, Chen Ping followed Zhou Jie to the corner of that street, but at that moment, Zhou Jie frowned slightly, seemingly sensing a hint of danger!
“Mr. Chen, that’s not right, there should be people coming and going here now, why is this street so quiet?”
Zhou Jie raised her guard and said to Chen Ping.
“Probably they’ve all gone home for dinner, nothing wrong with that.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and continued walking forward.
“Mr. Chen, be careful of an ambush, I feel that something is not right here ……”
Zhou Jie stepped in front of Chen Ping, her eyes alert as she looked at both sides of the street!
When Zheng Kai, who was hiding in the shadows, saw that Zhou Jie was actually blocking Chen Ping from walking forward, he was in a hurry, if Chen Ping didn’t continue to walk forward, he wouldn’t be able to walk into the trap he had set!
“D*mn, this stinking b*tch, don’t spoil my good deed ……”
Zheng Kai was in the shadows, cursing at Zhou Jie.
“Miss Zhou, you’re being too cautious, I think it’s quite safe here, don’t worry ……”
Chen Ping pushed Zhou Jie away and continued to walk forward!
Zheng Kai saw this and laughed in his heart, “Stupid, this is the will of God ……”
Zhou Jie had a wary look on her face, and one hand slowly grasped on top of the hilt of her sword!
Chen Ping turned the corner of the street, then glanced at the empty street and swept the two sides, the corners of his mouth slightly raised, and walked forward without a care.
Zheng Kai’s fists were clenched and his palms were sweating inside his nervous hands!
Chen Ping was about to walk into the trap when he suddenly stopped.
This directly caused that Zheng Kai to raise to his throat, his whole body following the force!
“Get in, get in, get in ……”
Zheng Kai’s heart secretly muttered!
“Miss Zhou, you still say that there is danger, I see that there is nothing at all ah ……”
Chen Ping turned around and surprisingly took two steps backwards and said to Zhou Jie who was following behind him.
Zhou Jie surveyed the surrounding, although she had a feeling of danger, but not sure, now found that there is also nothing happened, so the heart also relaxed.
“Maybe it’s really me being sensitive ……”
Zhou Jie said as she collected her tense expression.