Seeing this scene, Lin Kefan was slightly stunned, but then he laughed.
He himself was at the Immortalisation Realm, and he didn’t think that these few guys from the Mahayana Realm would even dare to stop himself in order to save Chen Ping!
“Do you know who I am?”
Lin Kefan asked!
“The Fourth Prince of Sun Moon City ……,” Xuan Bin said!
“Since you know I’m the prince of Sun Moon City, you still dare to stop me, do you not want to live?”
“Do we, Sun Moon City, no longer have any prestige in your eyes?”
Lin Kefan’s brows furrowed, and a murderous aura began to form in his eyes!
He didn’t know when they, Sun Moon City, didn’t have any deterrent power anymore!
“Let Mr Chen go and we’ll get out of the way right away, or we’ll fight to the death …… ” Xuan Bin didn’t have a trace of fear, his eyes were filled with wariness!
“What exactly is your relationship with this Chen Ping? Why did you risk your life to save him?”
Lin Kefan didn’t understand, what kind of person was this Chen Ping to these cultivators in front of him? It was worth them putting their lives on the line like this!
“There’s no relationship, it’s just that Chen is giving too much, he’s now our God of Wealth!”
“You can take my parents, but you can’t take our God of Wealth ……”
After Xuan Bin finished speaking, he then said towards the girl behind him who had a long pale yellow dress, a very good figure and a dark plant, “Flower sister, set up a formation, don’t let them escape ……”
The girl nodded, her palm facing the sky, her mouth reciting words, instantly within a hundred miles, a formation barrier visible to the naked eye slowly appeared!
Lin Kefan frowned, “I didn’t realise you guys still had formation masters?”
“Release Mr Chen, this is your last warning ……”
Xuan Bin said with a cold face!
“Damn you, I gave you guys face, a single Mahayana realm cultivator, still quite arrogant ……”
Lin Kefan was enraged, even though the other party had a formation master, he wasn’t afraid at all!
Anyways, he was also at the Immortalisation realm, if he couldn’t even deal with these Mahayana realm cultivators, wouldn’t it be a disgrace!
“Alright, this is a misunderstanding!”
At this time, Chen Ping finally spoke up, the reason why he didn’t speak up just now was just to see what Xuan Bin and these people were going to do!
“Mr Chen, aren’t these people from Sun Moon City going to take you to Sun Moon City for revenge?”
Xuan Bin asked!
Xuan Bin had witnessed Chen Ping beat up that Lin Ke Dong!
According to Sun Moon City’s character, they would definitely find Chen Ping in trouble!
“Misunderstanding, I’m just following them to Sun Moon City, I’m not trying to arrest me.”
“Now the three of them are just like you as well, they’ve all been hanging out with me, so you guys shouldn’t fight and kill each other.”
Chen Ping explained after Xuan Bin!
“They also hang out with you?”Xuan Bin had an incredulous look on his face!
How could that Lin Kefan be the Fourth Prince of Sun Moon City, how could he possibly follow Chen Ping!
Even if Chen Ping had a background and Immortal Spirit Stones, it was impossible for the Fourth Prince of Sun Moon City to be willing to be shorter just for a little bit of resources!
“Money makes the devil work ……”
Chen Ping smiled and patted Xuan Bin’s shoulder!
Xuan Bin understood what Chen Ping meant, and after a slight smile, he collected his aura!
“Mr Chen, Third Brother and I have found a few people for you, see if you can take them in!”
Xuan Bin said, then the flower sister who had just been casting spells said, “This is a close friend of mine, called Flower Moon Shadow, a formation master!”
Chen Ping shot a glance at that Flower Moon Shadow, a formation master, yet cultivated to the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, it was indeed not easy!
One must know that at the same level of realm, ordinary cultivators were simply no match for formation masters!
“Miss Flower, put the formation away ……”
Chen Ping said to Hua Yueying!
But just after saying that, Chen Ping felt a little awkward, this flower girl called, how is it very lewd look?
Flower girl ……
This is not a ghost?