“But where are we going to find a key of this shape now?”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, they didn’t have the key at all, nor did they even know where it was, so where would they find it?
Without the key, it looked like there was no way for them to get in!
“Mr. Chen, that skull, that skull looks like it is familiar with this place, maybe he knows where the key is, we can ask ……”
The Divine Reckoner reminded!
Only then did Chen Ping remember the skull, but the skull had lost its luster, and with no echoes from such a shout, Chen Ping didn’t know if the skull’s owner was still there!
But when Chen Ping took the skull out, he was stunned to find that the skull, which had been crystal clear, had now turned black!
And on the top of the skull, a pattern in the shape of a plum blossom was flickering with light, a light that was so conspicuous on the pitch black skull!
“This …………”
Chen Ping looked at the skull in his hand and froze straight away!
“Mr. Chen, this key wouldn’t be the skull you’re holding, would it?”
Seeing this, the Divine Calculus was also shocked and said.
“It’s possible ……”
Chen Ping took the skull and gently approached the groove at the gate.
Suddenly, a huge suction force sucked the skull straight up, followed by a creaking sound from the gate!
Soon, the tens of metres high gate opened and the skull was back in Chen Ping’s hand!
At this moment, Chen Ping was somewhat confused, if the opening of this gate required the skull in his hand to open, then hadn’t this place been built by the owner of this skull?
What the hell was going on here?
Chen Ping couldn’t figure out what was going on, what exactly was the owner of this skull?
“Mr. Chen, look ……”
At this moment, Yue Buqun shouted in alarm, before waking Chen Ping up from his dumbfounded state!
Chen Ping looked in the direction of Yue Buqun’s finger and found that after the gate opened, there was actually a valley behind it, and there were countless corpse bones scattered densely on the ground!
The hills on either side of the valley were all bare, and the few trees that were vaguely there had all turned to dead wood!
And on the hills on either side, there were bones and pieces of weapons scattered all over the place!
Although the valley was not dark enough for the crowd to see, the hazy darkness of the night, coupled with the white bones all over the ground, added a touch of eeriness to the place!
“So many white bones, no wonder this place has such a heavy Yin Qi ……”
The Divine Calculus opened his mouth wide and said with great surprise.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but slowly walked in, and the crowd followed directly into the valley!
The entire valley was eerily quiet, and the crowd did not dare to breathe too loudly while they were here.
“Quack quack …………”
And with the flight of a few crows, all of a sudden the crowd was startled.
“How can there be living creatures here?” Yue Buqun said with a puzzled look on his face!
“Master, this …… place can’t be a real hell, right? I’m scared ……”
Liu Rui was trembling a bit, after all, she was a girl, facing such a scene, it would be strange not to be scared!
“This can’t be hell, hell is the underworld, with our strength, there is no way to break away from the mundane world and go to another dimension, but this place is indeed seeping enough, like purgatory ……”
The Divine Calculus said with a frown!
“No matter what realm it is, since we are here, then we have to go on with our heads.”
“Everyone be vigilant, don’t get lost ……”
Chen Ping warned to the crowd!
Because the moment he walked through the door, he could feel an extremely dangerous aura approaching!
Everyone leaned in close to each other and was on full alert!