Tian Lei Pai!
At this moment, Tong Youzui was covered with all kinds of tubes, and there was some green liquid flowing inside the tubes!
In front of Tong Youcai is a gla*s container, the green liquid inside is boiling over and over!
Tong Youcai was frowning and seemed to be in great pain!
Tong Youcai’s mother was watching quietly with a tense expression on her face!
“Old Wang, are you sure about this? If you fail and something happens to your son, I’ll be finished with you!”
Tong Youcai’s mother looked at Wang Defa and asked.
“Don’t worry, this fund technology is already very mature.”
Wang Defa said, standing in front of the gla*s container, he gently bit his finger and put a few drops of blood into the green liquid!
Although it was only a few drops of blood, Wang Defa seemed to be very tired!
As the green liquid continued to feed into Tong Youcai’s body, his body began to emit a faint green glow, and his aura began to swell.
Looking at the situation before him, Wang Defa smiled, “Don’t worry, in less than five hours, our son will become a new self!”
Tong Youcai’s mother nodded happily and voluntarily threw herself into Wang Defa’s arms!
While Tong Youcai’s mother and Wang Defa were having a good time, Tong Yougong at the Sisterhood Cliff was suffering from the horrific breath of the Sisterhood Cliff!
Tong Ocean slowly walked behind Tong Youcai and looked at his son’s painful face with a somewhat moved expression!
“Son, can you still hold on?”
Tong Yang asked.
When Tong Youkong saw his father coming, he slowly got up and then nodded: “I can still ……”
“Don’t blame me for being hard-hearted, I let you come to the Thinking Over Cliff so that I could train you and protect you!”
Tong Ocean explained.
“Dad, what do you mean by that? Protecting me from what? Am I still in danger within the Heavenly Thunder Sect?”
Tong Youkong asked with a slight frown of confusion.
“Don’t ask so many questions, just stay at the Thinking Cliff, when your realm is raised again, I will let you go out.”
He waved his hand and said.
“Dad, is it true that the two burghers and the jade are trying to deal with me?”
“I know that all these years, the second burgher doesn’t see me at all and has always wanted Tong Youcai to take my place as the eldest young master!”
“In fact, if You Cai can take up the big responsibility, I will not object if the Tian Lei Sect is left to him when the time comes.”
Tong Youcai expressed his attitude!
“Bullsh*t!” As soon as he heard this, his face turned cold and he said, “You are the young master of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, you are my son, you are the only one who can take over this sect from now on!”
“From now on you will not say such things, from now on you will learn how to govern the Heavenly Thunder Sect!”
When Tong Youkong saw that his father was angry, he was also slightly stunned. He had just said that because he wanted to show his heart, but he didn’t expect that Tong Ocean would be angry!
“Dad, I’ll do as you say, I’ll do my best!”
Tong Youkong nodded his head and said.
Tong Ocean looked at Tong Youkong with a loving face and sighed softly, “Your mother died early and made you suffer all these years, I only have a good son like you, I am satisfied!
Tong Youkong looked at his father with amazement, although he was very puzzled at the moment and did not understand why Tong Haiyang was so sentimental today, but Tong Youkong did not dare to ask!
As he left the Cliff of Thought, Tong Ocean forgot to take a look at the southwest direction of the Heavenly Thunder Sect.
The green light reflected on Tong Ocean’s head, as if he was wearing a green hat!
“Treat me like a fool, I will play with you slowly …………”
Tong Ocean’s eyes were slightly frozen, with a cold look in them!