This is Blue Lotus, the ruler of the Cangxuan Continent.
“Mysterious Lady, seven out of ten nations on our Cangxuan Continent have already submitted to the Divine Hall. If this continues, I fear the entire continent will become a vassal of the Divine Hall!”
Ashnu said anxiously!
“Don’t panic, I’ve already informed my best friend. She’s on her way with help, and she’s from the Second Heaven.”
Blue Lotus said!
But her words didn’t reassure the three of them!
They knew that the people from the Divine Hall were clearly not from the First Heaven.
Moreover, the God Clan was considered a powerful force across the entire Heavenly Realm. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been able to establish their own clan, all of them arrogant and looking down on others!
So even if someone from the Second Heaven came to help, it probably wouldn’t make much difference!
“Mysterious Lady, when will this help arrive? I’m afraid in just a few days, our entire Cangxuan Continent will fall.”
The king of Dongmeng Kingdom asked!
“They should arrive soon. She can use space-time traversal, so it’ll be quick, don’t panic…”
Blue Lotus said calmly!
But only she knew how panicked she was inside!
Not long ago, Feihu City had attacked, not only causing massive resource losses but also capturing many people to be used as slaves!
Now the Divine Hall’s people were coming aggressively, making her extremely anxious!
The Cangxuan Continent, though vast with many cultivators, generally had low strength.
They had no way to resist the Divine Hall’s attacks.
Faced with those from the Divine Hall, they could either submit or await slaughter, with no other options!
Her only hope now was that Mo Qingyun could arrive quickly and bring people to turn the tide.
At that moment, in a patch of airspace above the Cangxuan Continent, a dazzling white light flashed, followed by the appearance of several figures!
These were Chen Ping and his group. This time, unlike before, they didn’t appear in a teleportation array!
They actually appeared in mid-air.
Looking at the towering buildings below, Chen Ping was puzzled!
“Didn’t we use a teleportation array?”
Chen Ping asked!
While in the white light just now, he felt an inexplicable pressure, and Chen Ping could only protect himself with his power.
If it were a teleportation array, this wouldn’t have happened!
“Of course not. This is space-time traversal, far more useful than a teleportation array.”
“A teleportation array requires arrays at both locations, and they must be interconnected.”
Mo Qingyun explained to Chen Ping!
“Space-time traversal?” Chen Ping realised, “This must be an enhanced version of teleportation, right?”
Chen Ping knew that teleportation allowed instant movement from one place to another!
But teleportation usually covered short distances!
Space-time traversal, on the other hand, could span thousands, even tens of thousands of miles.
“Sort of!” Mo Qingyun nodded, then swooped down!
As they landed, a man immediately stared at them warily.
“Who are you?”
The man was extremely cautious.
“Is this the Cangxuan Continent?” Mo Qingyun asked!
“Correct!” The man nodded!
“I’m here to see your Mysterious Lady…” Mo Qingyun said!
“Looking for our Mysterious Lady?” The man was taken aback, then sized up Mo Qingyun, “Why are you looking for her?”
“I’m her friend. She asked me to come. Is your Cangxuan Continent under attack?”
Mo Qingyun asked!
“Yes!” The man nodded, his face showing some excitement, “Are you the help the Mysterious Lady called for?”
“Sort of!” Mo Qingyun said!
Chen Ping observed the man before him, noting that he had only just reached the Loose Immortal Realm!
Around them, there were several other presences, but they were all weak, mostly at the Transformation Immortal Realm.
It seemed the strength of the Cangxuan Continent was indeed quite low.