When the eight sword qi landed before Chen Ping, transforming into eight cultivators with sword cases on their backs, his frown deepened!
“The Eight Swords of Demon Mountain?”
Spotting them, Lin Kefan’s expression soured!
“Fourth Brother-in-Law, you know them?” Chen Ping asked!
“Of course, the Eight Swords of Demon Mountain were big names years ago. Pity they’re demonic cultivators. Word was they got hunted down and killed by some expert!”
“Didn’t expect them to still be alive, and their strength seems to have shot up!”
Lin Kefan said, stunned!
“Fellow cultivators, I’ve got no grudge with you lot, so what brings you here?”
Chen Ping addressed the Eight Swords!
He had no clue they were under the Four Nether Mansions!
“We’re from the Four Nether Mansions, here on Ming Shao’s orders to kill you…”
The leader, Fusheng, replied!
“The upright Eight Swords, reduced to lackeys of the Four Nether Mansions? Weren’t sword cultivators supposed to be men of steel?”
Lin Kefan asked, gobsmacked!
Chen Ping was equally floored. He hadn’t pegged the eight black-robed figures trailing Ming Shao as these sword cultivators!
You had to hand it to the Four Nether Mansions, their strength was something else, especially this Ming Shao, commanding so many powerhouses!
“Fourth Brother-in-Law, can you handle these eight?”
Chen Ping asked!
Lin Kefan blinked, then shot Chen Ping a look, “If you think your brother-in-law’s a burden, just say it, no need to beat around the bush…”
“That’s not what I meant…”
Chen Ping grinned!
“Then what did you mean? I reckon you’re just fed up with me, hoping I’d croak so Little Sis gets a bigger cut of Riyue City’s assets?”
Lin Kefan gave him a sidelong glare!
Chen Ping was speechless. Even if Lin Kefan didn’t die, Riyue City was still his…
“Mr. Chen, you’ve got us too…”
Xuan Bin and the others piped up!
Chen Ping knew that while Xuan Bin and his crew had hit Ascension Realm, they were still a step behind these sword cultivators!
He then turned his gaze to Li Chunfeng and Nan Batian!
“Mr. Chen, one against eight might be a stretch for us…”
“Mr. Chen, one against eight might be a stretch for us…”
Li Chunfeng said honestly!
Their strength hadn’t fully recovered. In this Wuwang Lands, they relied on Chen Ping’s immortal spirit stones to keep from weakening!
Sparring with Chen Ping daily burned through heaps of resources too!
“What about you two?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Worth a shot…” Nan Batian nodded!
Just as Chen Ping was about to tell Li Chunfeng and Nan Batian to take on the Eight Swords first, Fusheng, their leader, spoke up, “Chen Ping, as a sword cultivator, I don’t gang up on people. How about a one-on-one?”
“You and me?”
Chen Ping eyed Fusheng!
“That’s right, let’s spar with swords…”
Fusheng nodded!
“Fine, but no crying…”
Chen Ping smirked!
“You’ll be the one crying…”
With that, Fusheng leapt into the air!
Chen Ping’s lips curled, and he floated up too!
“Mr. Chen, perfect chance to test the sword intent you’ve honed lately…”
Li Chunfeng said!
“Mm!” Chen Ping nodded!
Not far off, Ming Shao watched the two hovering in midair, chuckling faintly, “This Chen Ping’s got some spark, suddenly picking up two more strong allies…”
He didn’t yet know that Nan Batian and Li Chunfeng by Chen Ping’s side were guardians from the Heaven-Ascending Ladder world!
“Ming Shao, Fusheng might not be a match. Should I step in?”
The red-haired old man asked!
“No rush, let’s see how it plays out…” Ming Shao replied!
The red-haired old man nodded!
Right then, in midair, Fusheng slowly drew his treasured sword from its case!
As the blade slid free, a dazzling chill burst forth, the surrounding air seeming to freeze under its icy grip, hissing with a “tsss” sound.