Without spirit power to protect his body, it would still be difficult to resist Long Xiao’s blow by relying on the strength of his pure physical body alone!
After all, Long Xiao was also nearly at the peak of Martial Sect strength!
Blood spilled from the corners of Chen Ping’s mouth and his chest was dented, a trace of blood slowly flowing out along his chest!
Chen Ping looked over and found that he had five bloody finger holes in his chest!
Looking again at Long Xiao, he was now looking smug, and on Long Xiao’s hand, five dark spikes were glowing with a cold aura in the sunlight!
“Chen Ping, even if you are trying, but it’s useless, I only need one magic weapon to make you go up in smoke, and there are still many such magic weapons in our Long Family ……”
Long Xiao held the copper bell in his hand, the corners of his mouth curled up into a cold smile, “And now that you have been hit by my scattered attack powder, I can crush you to death with just one finger.”
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao’s smug look, the spiritual energy in his body quickly surged towards the wound and began to repair it quickly, as for what Long Xiao said about the loose attack powder, Chen Ping did not care, his body was invulnerable to all kinds of poisons, so this loose attack powder was useless!
Soon, the wounds on Chen Ping’s body recovered, and that divine dragon power in his body was not affected at all!
“You’re too confident ……”
The aura on Chen Ping’s body suddenly burst, and a terrifying aura surrounded Long Xiao in an instant!
Long Xiao’s face changed, “You …… Your power was not even dispersed?”
“You want to use such despicable means to win me, but unfortunately you think wrong ……”
The Dragon Chopping Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was once again raised, ready to stab at Long Xiao with a sword!
Seeing this, Long Xiao hurriedly rang the bronze bell once again!
The pleasant bell rang once again, followed by a regal power coming from the heart!
A golden light instantly glowed around Chen Ping and a light shield surrounded him, the sound waves were directly blocked out and did not affect Chen Ping.
Seeing this, Long Xiao hurriedly shook the bronze bell faster, the bell kept ringing, but Chen Ping was not affected at all.
On the contrary, many people in the stands couldn’t stand the sound and all of them fell into a daze!
Seeing that Chen Ping was unaffected, Long Xiao had no choice but to throw the bronze bell in his hand towards the sky, which instantly became bigger, like a bronze bell, suspended in mid-air!
From that bronze bell, an ancient and old aura slowly spread out.
Feeling this aura, Chen Ping’s face became grave. At this moment, Chen Sheng’s feet fell and his entire lower legs sank directly into the ground, this aura was like a huge mountain that suppressed Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t dare to be slow, the power of the divine dragon was in full display, his body shining with golden light as he resisted this ancient and old aura!
“I’ll see what else you can do this time ……”
When Long Xiao saw that Chen Ping was being held back by the copper bell, he couldn’t help but roar out, a long sword instantly manifested in his hand!
Long Xiao pointed the longsword towards the bronze bell, a blue light shone directly on top of the bronze bell, then the bronze bell began to press towards Chen Ping!
A killing force in the bronze bell continuously suppressed Chen Ping’s body!
Even though Chen Ping had already brought his Invincible Golden Body to its fullest potential, a shocking wound continued to appear on his body!
“A divine weapon is a divine weapon, it is truly extraordinary ……”
When Long Jingguo saw Long Xiao sacrifice his divine weapon, his expression couldn’t help but relax.
He knew that even if Chen Ping had heavenly abilities, there was no way he could resist this divine weapon!
“Is this the Dragon Family’s divine weapon? It is truly extraordinary ……”
Zhu Zhishan looked at the bronze bell in mid-air, emitting a terrifying aura, his eyes filled with envy and greed!
“I didn’t expect the Dragon Family to really have divine weapons, but that Long Xiao said that their Dragon Family had many more divine weapons like this, I don’t know if it’s true.”
Guo Wei said with a gloomy expression.
If that was true, then the Dragon Family would most likely be about to replace them all, and by then the Dragon Family would be the leader of the martial arts world in Kyoto.