“Old Fan, now that you’ve taken someone’s stuff, are you sure you can kill that Thousand Island River?”
Hu Ma Zi asked to Old Fan.
Old Fan shook his head, “Not sure ……”
Hu Pazzi was stunned, “You’re not sure, how dare you brag and destroy the shrine, you’re bragging too much, right?”
“I’m not bragging, I’m not sure, but someone else is sure!”
Old Fan said.
“Who?”
Old Fan pointed at Chen Ping, “Him, he can definitely beat that Thousand Island River, and with his strength, even if he destroys that shrine, it shouldn’t be a problem.”
“Me?” Chen Ping froze, “I’m only at the strength of a Grand Martial Marquis right now, I’m not as powerful as you say.”
“Soon you will reach Martial Saint.”
Old Fan said, surprisingly throwing that ten thousand year old snow lotus directly to Chen Ping, “Give this to you, and with the other resources, I think you will definitely be able to break through, and when you break through to Martial Saint, what with the Watanabe Clan and the Thousand Crane Shrine, they will only be floating clouds in your eyes.”
“For me?”
Chen Ping’s eyes were wide open and full of incredulity, he did not expect that Old Fan would give himself such an expensive item.
“You paid for my drink, I’ll give you this thing, it’s considered even.”
“Besides, this thing is useless in my hands ……”
Old Fan smiled faintly.
Chen Ping did not understand what Old Fan meant, but he saw Old Fan fiercely strike towards Chen Ping, who in his haste and panic also struck out!
When the two men’s palms clashed, Chen Ping’s eyes showed surprise!
Because he discovered that there was a forbidden force within Old Fan’s body that seemed to be controlling his strength!
Moreover, Old Fan’s strength was not as high as he had imagined, and was now at most a sixth-grade Great Martial Marquis.
How could this kind of strength make many people afraid?
Seeing that look on Chen Ping’s face, Old Fan smiled slightly and said, “Back then, I killed all the a*sa*sins in Xijing and became a sensation, but I also drew an expert from the island to step in and directly nullify my cultivation, retaining it only to the realm of Great Martial Marquis and placing a forbidden power on it.”
“No matter how much I cultivated, it was impossible for me to grow my cultivation in the slightest, all I could do was to raise the honorarium for the a*sa*sination to ten billion dollars, in order to keep people from looking for me.”
“With my current strength, it is no longer possible for me to a*sa*sinate people, and I have been living on my previous fame all these years.”
“The reason why I promised that Watanabe Fumio is because I know that you can be a little bit stronger, and this ten thousand year old snow lotus of Watanabe Fumio can also help you a lot.”
Old Fan’s words made Chen Ping feel a pang of sadness, it turned out that from the beginning, Old Fan had snubbed that Watanabe Fumio because of him.
“Old Fan, don’t worry, I will find a way to break the forbidden power in your body.”
Chen Ping said with a determined face.
But Old Fan waved his hand, “No, I’m fine like this, I’ve long since lost the pursuit of strength, it’s more comfortable to drink and do fun.”
Hu Ma Zi looked at Old Fan, he didn’t expect his old friend, to have such an experience!
Chen Ping practiced that ten thousand year old snow lotus and some resources into a pill, then swallowed it in one gulp!
A stream of dense spiritual energy was swimming around!
A week later, a large dark cloud suddenly appeared above Watanabe Fumio’s villa, and the entire sky was covered up.
This sudden vision made many people stop to watch, and that Watanabe Fumio even tilted his head with a grave look on his face!
Suddenly the sky descended into a vision, this was afraid that it was going to be detrimental to their family!
Only Hu Ma Zi and Old Fan were full of excitement!
“I really didn’t expect that this kid Chen Ping would break through so fast ……”
Old Fan said slowly.
“Golden Dragon True Body, this bloodline is no joke, we’d better hide away from it, so that we don’t get struck by heavenly lightning later and hiccup instantly.”
Pocky Hu said and hurriedly left that villa!
Old Fan was also behind Pocky Hu, and dodged far away!