“Still thinking about the sword intent?”
Lin Keting could see what was on Chen Ping’s mind and asked.
Chen Ping nodded, “What exactly is that Sword Intent?”
“I don’t know, it’s not like I have cultivated sword intent.”Lin Keting hurriedly waved her hand.
While that Right Blind Elder smiled and said, “Kid, that sword intent can only be learnt by intention but not by words ah, I’ll chop another sword for you to see, whether you can comprehend the mysteries of it or not, that’s up to you.”
Right Blind Elder said, raising the long sword in his hand to chop out!
But before he could strike, the longsword in Right Blind Elder’s hand unexpectedly shook violently, which caused Right Blind Elder’s face to change drastically.
“Right Blind Elder, what’s wrong?”
Lin Keting hurriedly asked.
“Eldest Miss, the Left Blind should be in danger outside.”
Right Blind Elder said.
“Danger?”Lin Keting frowned slightly, “Did he get into trouble again? You go out and take a look right away and try to stop him from getting into trouble.”
“Eldest Miss, what will you do then?”Right Blind Elder asked.
“Don’t worry, isn’t there still him here, and I still have something in my hand to save my life, I’ll be fine.”
Lin Keting pointed at Chen Ping and said.
The Right Blind Elder glanced at Chen Ping and then said, “Kid, you protect our Missy, if our Missy has the slightest slip up, the entire Celestial Realm will have no place for you.”
After saying that, the Right Blind Elder quickly ran towards the entrance of the Divine and Demonic Battlefield!
As for Chen Ping, he was speechless, who had he invited and who had he pissed off, why did he suddenly start taking responsibility?
Seeing Chen Ping with that look, Lin Keting faintly smiled and said, “Don’t worry, he’s just scaring you, nothing will happen, even if something does happen to me, it has nothing to do with you.”
“With me here, nothing will happen to any of you.”
Chen Ping patted his chest and started bragging.
When the crowd heard Chen Ping’s words, they all said that they wanted to follow along, just now, when Chen Ping took the sword and broke the stone statue with a hard hand, they could all see it in their eyes!
Without spiritual power, Chen Ping still had such strong physical strength, when the time came, if there was really any danger, Chen Ping would still be able to block one side.
Therefore, the crowd chose to follow, one of the main reasons was that if they couldn’t get the treasures, they could still get the spirit stones, it wasn’t a loss at all, these people were still very good at counting.
Lin Ke Ting was a good comer, and then led the crowd on their way with great vigour.
…………
Outside the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Elder Left Blind followed that Heavenly Fury and Heavenly Luo as they fought.
Several sword-wielding cultivators, four of them had already fallen to the ground with serious injuries and didn’t know if they were dead or alive, but even so, none of those sword-wielding cultivators retreated!
Elder Left Blind was also fighting out of fire, the longsword in his hand was like thunder constantly attacking!
However, under the co-ordination of Heavenly Fury and Heavenly Luo, Elder Left Blind still fell into a disadvantage!
On his left arm, blood had started to flow out, Elder Left Blind was injured!
“Damn, I don’t know if Right Blind has received my message, if he doesn’t come to help, I guess I’ll have to run away, or else I’ll really die in the hands of these two little rabbit cubs.”
Left Blind Elder prayed inwardly, hoping that Right Blind Elder had received his message!
Although he thought this in his heart, the Left Blind Elder did not have any fear on his face, still shouting and cursing with a stiff upper lip!
In his heart, he was a wimp, but he couldn’t be a wimp in his aura!
“Old thing, your fucking mouth is really hard, wait for a moment when we tear your mouth apart, see how you can still scream and curse.”
Tian Luo had long been infuriated to death!
Fighting is fighting, this fight for half a day, his own eight generations of ancestors have been cursed by the left blind elder, it’s too exasperating.
“Little brat, you still want to tear grandpa’s mouth, you don’t look at what virtue you have.”
“I scolded you eight generations of ancestors, is your ancestors have accumulated virtue, you think I scolded anyone ah.”
Left Blind Elder held his sword suspended in mid-air and sneered at Tian Luo.
“I go to your mother ……”
Tian Luo to go crazy, directly holding the sword towards the left blind elder ruthless kill, that speed fast to the extreme, this is being beaten out of the liver fire.