That Patriarch Luo was also frowning tightly together, looking at that storage bag, he could be sure that these were the things of the five sons of Renjie!
Now that they had fallen out from that Chen Ping’s body, it should be that Chen Ping had taken all the treasures inside the storage bag and discarded it!
The more Patriarch Luo thought about it, the angrier he became, and said in a cold voice, “Let’s go, let’s go to the Blood Spirit Valley, we must find that Chen Ping to give a statement!”
The people from the five great clans all huffed and puffed as they headed towards that Blood Spirit Valley!
After the people from the five great clans left, Qi Peijia followed by Ning Zhi then revealed his form!
“Hahahaha, this time I will see that Chen Ping is still alive, the five great clans looking for trouble from him, it’s enough for him to drink a pot of water.”
Qi Peijia laughed out loud!
“It’s just a pity that we can’t kill that Chen Ping fellow handily.”
Ning Zhi’s eyes were filled with coldness!
After following Chen Ping and fighting for such a long time, Chen Ping was the demon in Ning Zhi’s heart, and he especially wanted to kill Chen Ping with his own hands!
However, with Chen Ping’s current strength, coupled with those people around Chen Ping, it was somewhat unlikely that Ning Zhi would want to kill Chen Ping with his own hands!
But with the help of others, being able to kill Chen Ping would be fine!
“I didn’t realise that your disguise technique was able to achieve the point of perfection, just now you disguised yourself as that Chen Ping, even I was fooled!”
Qi Peijia said to Ning Zhi with great admiration!
“It’s just a minor skill, compared to Prince Qi, it’s not even close!”
Ning Zhi said with great modesty!
What Ning Zhi used wasn’t some kind of disguise technique, there wasn’t such a superb disguise technique in the world, it was the Breath Mimicry Technique, and Ning Zhi had seen the contents of it at the time!
Although right now Ning Zhi was not able to practise the Breath Mimicry Technique to the extreme, and could do so by following Chen Ping’s breath exactly!
But it was still flawless to fool those who were unfamiliar with Chen Ping!
“I’ll take you guys to a good place, cultivating in that place will definitely get twice the result with half the effort.”
“In the future, you guys don’t have to return to the Northern Domain, just stay here, wouldn’t it be better for us to join forces and fight for a piece of heaven and earth!”
Qi Peijia had a very high regard for Ning Zhi!
“That’s really great ……”
Ning Zhi was very excited, because he knew that Qi Peijia had a strange encounter, and this fellow Ning Zhi was also very curious to know what strange encounter Qi Peijia had encountered!
Being able to raise his strength so quickly in a short period of time, Ning Zhi also wanted to try!
“Old Ancestor, let’s …………”
As soon as Ning Caichen heard that Ning Zhi was actually going to stay, he was a bit reluctant!
Although the Ning Family wasn’t a big family in the Northern Domain, but Ning Caichen, as the family head, that was something that he ate and drank without worrying and enjoyed very much!
Now that he was asked to abandon the Ning Family and stay in this Heavenly Demon Mountain, as well as being manipulated everywhere, Ning Caichen was a little reluctant!
“Don’t talk about it, when the time comes, we will be able to occupy the entire Heavenly Demon Mountain, wouldn’t it be much better than being in the Northern Domain, don’t you want your strength to increase, don’t you want to ascend to Immortality?”
Ning Zhi asked to Ning Caichen!
Upon hearing this, Ning Caichen hurriedly shook his head, “I’ll listen to Old Ancestor’s arrangements for everything ……”
“You guys follow me, when the time comes, you’ll not only occupy the Heavenly Demon Mountain, my goal is to occupy the entire Celestial Realm, I want the entire Celestial Realm to be under my control, I want the five major domain lords to become my subordinates.”
Qi Peijia’s eyes flickered with essence, and he was filled with a surging aura!
While Ning Zhi looked at Qi Peijia, he secretly revealed a cold smile!
Although Qi Peijia’s strength was good, but a piker like this who had courage but no strategy wouldn’t be able to take control of the entire Celestial Realm even if his skills were high!
The reason why Ning Zhi wanted to follow Qi Peijia now was also to use Qi Peijia’s power, with Qi Peijia’s kind of intelligence, if Ning Zhi wanted to trick him, it would be just like tricking a fool!
“Let’s go, I’ll take you to the Devil Swallowing Cave, and once we get there, you’ll find the door to a new world!”
Qi Peijia was defenceless, leading Ning Zhi and Ning Caixin, towards the Devil Swallowing Cave!