“You’re really stupid enough to not have a flame vortex, so you can’t build one yourself ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said breathlessly!
“Build it yourself?”
Chen Ping froze, and his eyes suddenly lit up as if he understood something!
Immediately after that, a Geocentric Flame appeared in Chen Ping’s palm, and the Geocentric Flame continued to rotate in Chen Ping’s palm!
Chen Ping did not hesitate to mix this Earth Core Flame with the surrounding magma!
The flame breath within this magma was also the Earth Core Flame, so the two flames did not repel at all!
As the Earth Core Flame that Chen Ping threw out continued to rotate, the surrounding flame breath was slowly absorbed and a very small flame vortex began to form!
After only a few moments, that flame vortex grew larger and larger, and the suction force around it also grew larger and larger!
Seeing that he had succeeded, Chen Ping was overjoyed and leapt towards the flame vortex!
The flame vortex was surrounded by a huge suction force all around, so when Elder Tu’s bursts of light came into contact with the flame vortex, they were instantly absorbed and disappeared!
Chen Ping did not hesitate to enter within the Flame Vortex, with the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit present, he did not have to worry about being caught in the void rift by the Flame Vortex!
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually rushed into the Flame Vortex once again, wanting to get rid of himself by relying on the Flame Vortex, Elder Tu, on the other hand, snorted coldly!
“Hmph, this time, even if you escape into the flame vortex, it will be useless.”
Elder Tu snorted coldly as his body moved instantly, unexpectedly following Chen Ping as well!
Elder Tu had a ghost face to protect his body this time, so he was not afraid of the flame vortex and directly followed Chen Ping as he zipped into the flame vortex!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was shocked and desperately headed towards the centre of the flame vortex!
There was the place where the suction force was the greatest, except that moving within this Flame Vortex was simply as tough as falling into a swamp!
Without taking a single step, a huge amount of physical strength had to be expended!
Elder Tu was already anxious, so no matter what, he had to kill Chen Ping before he could do so!
Although Elder Tu had difficulty moving, his palms were constantly launching attacks towards Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Ping had to not be caught by Elder Tu as well as dodge his attacks!
However, at this time when movement was difficult, trying to dodge Elder Tu’s attacks was as difficult as heaven!
A ray of Supreme Flame struck Chen Ping’s body, although Chen Ping had the Supreme Flame Essence Spirit and could not be afraid of the fiery aura within this Flame Vortex!
However, there was no way to block the Supreme Flame struck by Elder Tu with the Supreme Flame Essence Spirit!
A knot of Supreme Flame struck Chen Ping solidly, causing Chen Ping to be in an unimaginable mess!
“Hahaha, kid, you’re dead today, I’m going to watch you slowly being tortured to death by me ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had no way to dodge his attacks in this flame vortex, Elder Tu laughed madly!
“It’s not certain who will live and who will die ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a holy light suddenly blossomed above his body, and then it was seen that from the top of Chen Ping’s head, a shadow slowly appeared!
Immediately after, this virtual shadow followed Chen Ping’s body and overlapped, and Chen Ping’s physical body was constantly changing!
The True Fire Dharma Body, surprisingly, activated at this time!
Along with Chen Ping’s mind, that Dharma Body figure in the Sea of Consciousness had now become much more solid, and even the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was envious as he looked at Chen Ping’s Dharma Body!
With this Dharma Body, Chen Ping could constantly allow his body to be sublimated and tempered, and most importantly, even if his physical body was destroyed and there was no way to remake it, Chen Ping could still continue to survive with his Dharma Body!
And this Dharma body followed Chen Ping is exactly the same, it is equivalent to Chen Ping’s second body!
I just don’t know how many of these True Fire Dharma Bodies will be able to be condensed in the end, if hundreds of Dharma Bodies can be condensed out!
Then wouldn’t it be possible to be immortal and be able to be reborn as long as a remnant soul was left behind!
If the Red Cloud Demon Monarch himself had a Dharma body, he wouldn’t have to look around for the remains of his physical body to be able to be reborn!
Chen Ping felt the fusion with his Dharma Body, and an indescribable power swam within his body!