Everyone watched in silence as Chen Ping’s hammer fell, they wanted to hear if Chen Ping could ring this Dragon Bell or not!
But right after Chen Ping’s bell hammer Luo Xiang, there was no mellifluous sound of the bell ringing out, no terrifying aura flying out, not even a hint of movement!
Seeing this scene, everyone was in an uproar, and many people . . looked at each other with wide eyes!
Seeing how easily Chen Ping picked up the bell hammer, it couldn’t be that he couldn’t even ring the dragon bell once, right?
But even if he couldn’t ring it, the terrifying recoil of the Dragon Tattooed Bell should have sent Chen Ping flying, right?
Why did it seem that Chen Ping hadn’t suffered any repercussions at all?
This was a bit too incredible!
“What’s going on?”
Yu Qian looked on in bewilderment, confused as to what Chen Ping was playing at.
“Hahahaha, even though he was able to reach the top, he couldn’t even knock once!”
Jin Yuan laughed out loud.
“Hmph, I told you before, there’s no way he can ring the Dragon Tattoo Bell.”
Factory Lu snorted coldly, and then looked at that Han Qing’er!
Only at this moment, Han Qing’er only put her attention on Chen Ping and didn’t even look at that Lv factory!
On the other hand, Chen Ping slowly put the bell hammer away after a hammer strike.
At the same time, a mellifluous and dull bell sounded as if it had come from the heavens and began to reverberate in the square!
Buzz …………
The sound of the bell seemed louder than anyone else’s ringing, and some people couldn’t bear it and began to plug their ears with both hands!
There were others whose eardrums were shaken to the point of bleeding!
And along with the sound of the bell, the dragon tattoo on the Dragon Tattoo Bell began to shine with a golden light, followed by a golden dragon rising up into the air!
But at the same time as the golden dragon rose into the air, another dragon tattoo on the Dragon Tattoo Bell also began to shine!
Immediately afterwards, another golden dragon shot up from the bell!
Two golden dragons were struck with a single hammer, something that no one had ever seen before!
But before the crowd could react, another golden dragon soared from the dragon bell immediately afterwards!
Three bars ……
Four ……
Five ……
…………
In the end, nine golden dragons hovered in the air, and a dragon roar resounded through heaven and earth!
At this moment, all the people in the entire square were frozen in place like statues, and apart from breathing, no one made any movement!
A hammer, nine golden dragons in the air, this was something no one could have imagined!
The nine golden dragons kept circling and finally transformed into a huge golden dragon, opening its bloody mouth and spewing out a dragon’s breath, causing the whole castle to tremble!
The whole castle began to tremble! All the people came out of their shock and looked at the golden dragon in front of them, and they were all shocked and talking!
And the golden dragon lurched downwards and instantly returned to the top of the dragon tattoo clock, and at this moment the nine dragon tattoos on that dragon tattoo clock disappeared, turning into a dragon tattoo hovering above it!
Chen Ping stretched out his hand and gently touched the dragon pattern bell, only to see that the dragon pattern bell quickly became smaller and finally became only the size of a tea bowl, which was held in Chen Ping’s hand!
Looking at the bell hammer and the dragon bell in his hand, Chen Ping did not hesitate to throw them into his storage ring, knowing that they were both supreme treasures and both were ancient divine weapons!
As soon as Chen Ping put the hammer into his hand, the origin and purpose of the hammer appeared in the Wordless Book of Heaven in his mind!
Otherwise, he would have panicked when Chen Ping’s hammer went down and the Dragon Tattooed Bell did not make a sound!
Now that he knew that both the hammer and the dragon bell were ancient divine weapons, Chen Ping had to put them in his storage ring and take them away!
After collecting the hammer and the dragon bell, Chen Ping leapt back onto the high platform!
And the two men, Jin Yuan and Lu Factory, were red in the face as if they had been slapped hard in the face!
They had just shouted that Chen Ping couldn’t ring the Dragon Pattern Bell at all, but now not only had he struck nine golden dragons with one hammer, but now he had even taken away the Dragon Pattern Bell!