“Humph, you’re just a second grade Martial God, and you dare to resist me hard, don’t even look at yourself.”
When Third Elder saw that Liu Rui was resisting himself, he couldn’t help but snort coldly and said!
“He is not qualified enough, what about me?”
Chen Ping finished his sentence, and his aura exploded with him!
“Haha, you’re just a martial arts saint, how dare you speak so shamelessly in front of my face.”
The Third Elder laughed loudly, but soon he felt his aura being resisted by someone, so he looked at Chen Ping with a start.
The strong pressure instantly caused many martial artists to fall to the ground!
“A fourth grade Martial God, really not bad ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Since you know my strength, then you should know what happens when you offend me.”
The Third Elder said contemptuously.
“A fourth grade Martial God is indeed not bad, only that in my eyes, it is nothing but trash.”
Chen Ping sneered!
“I pooh-pooh, you sharp-toothed brat, how dare you look down on me like that for a mere Martial Saint.”
“I will crush you all into mush today, so that you will know the power of a Fourth Grade Martial Saint.”
The Third Elder shouted, his aura opened up, and the terrifying pressure made the sky and earth change colour!
It was obvious that the aura of the Third Elder was obviously higher than Liu Rui’s and Chen Ping’s!
Chen Ping was only an 8th ranked Martial Saint, how could he face a 4th ranked Martial God?
At this point, some martial artists began to regret following them up the mountain, and began to retreat step by step!
“Is this all the power of a Fourth Grade Martial God?” Chen Ping laughed coldly as a golden light burst out from his body, and a terrifying pressure instantly pounced on the Third Elder and the others!
The Third Elder and the disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect were shocked, they never thought that this young man, who only had the strength of a Martial Saint, would suddenly burst out with an aura that was even more terrifying than the aura of a Fourth Grade Martial God!
“Now you know that you are a piece of trash, don’t you?”
With these words, Chen Ping’s body rose abruptly and went straight for the Third Elder!
The martial artists felt their bodies relax, and then they all looked at Chen Ping in horror, their eyes filled with the unthinkable!
A martial saint’s aura had directly deflected the martial god’s aura and even attacked the martial god of his own accord!
“Mr. Chen, you are truly a god, at the level of an 8th grade Martial Saint, you have such strength.”
Ginger Wei said unbelievably.
Hong Qianjiu, Zhu Hao and Qiao Zhiyong also looked shocked and admired Chen Ping even more!
When the Third Elder saw that Chen Ping had the courage to attack him, he instantly shouted and said with one hand, “Come and hammer ……”
Soon, two disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect threw out two bronze hammers, which instantly grew in size in mid-air and landed directly in the hands of the Third Elder!
The two hammers spun around in the Third Elder’s hands, and when they gently touched, they made a loud noise, causing everyone to cover their ears and pale!
Chen Ping slammed his fist out with a flash of golden light!
“How dare you, little Martial Saint, dare to use your bare hands and fists?
The Third Elder snorted coldly as his two hammers went straight for him, smashing down hard on Chen Ping, as if he wanted to smash Chen Ping into mush!
The …………
Chen Ping’s fists clashed fiercely with the bronze hammers, emitting an ear-piercing metal clash and flashes of fire.
The Third Elder’s face changed as he did not expect Chen Ping’s fist to be so hard that it clashed hard with the hammer in his hand!
The tremendous force caused the Third Elder’s wrist to go numb and his whole arm seemed to lose its strength!
But looking at Chen Ping’s face, he stood quietly in front of the Third Elder’s face with disdain! -He was standing quietly in front of the Third Elder with a look of disdain on his face!