Boom!
That Lion-Tiger Beast’s mouthful of ice mist sprayed on top of that barrier, making a loud noise!
The barrier shattered in response to the sound, and the tremendous recoil caused that Ning Zhi’s body to keep retreating!
The remnants of the ice mist poured out, and several of the Ning Clan’s children were instantly turned into ice sculptures!
Ning Zhi’s brows were furrowed, but at this point, he didn’t dare to perform his demonic feats!
These Dao-textured baleful auras were familiar to Ning Zhi, who had experienced the baleful auras when he had been knocked into the Devil’s Cave and had become a Devil Cultivator from an ordinary person!
However, right now, Ning Zhi couldn’t cast it, and once he did, Ning Caichen and the others would definitely suspect Ning Zhi’s identity!
“Run, run quickly……”
Ning Zhi could only shout, leading Ning Caichen as they kept running!
While that Lion-Tiger Beast was following closely behind, those few Ning Clan’s children who had been frozen were also turned into crumbs under that Lion-Tiger Beast’s paws!
After escaping for some distance, the lion-tiger beast stopped and did not pursue!
It looked like this Lion-Tiger Beast couldn’t leave that Technique too far away!
Seeing the lion-tiger beast stop, Ning Zhi and the others breathed a sigh of relief!
Only the Ning family only had five people left at the moment!
They were looking at the treasure right in front of them, but they couldn’t get it at all!
“This lion and tiger beast is too perverted, to have such a perverted demonic beast in such a place.”
Ning Caixin gasped and said with a lingering look on his face!
Ning Zhi looked at those dark and oppressive Dao-embossed Fury Qi above his head, then at the Lion-Tiger Beast not too far away, his heart was very entangled and struggling!
If he utilised these Dao Fury Qi now, he might be able to follow the Lion-Tiger Beast in a fight!
But once he exerted it, then he would be completely exposed.
Right at this moment, not far away, three silhouettes were rapidly approaching, these three people were Chen Ping and the others!
“It’s not far ahead, there was the scent of a fight just now ……”
Chen Ping ran quickly!
Bai Shao and Fire Phoenix followed closely behind!
“Someone ……”
Ning Zhi frowned.
Ning Caixin and the others hurriedly took up positions and waited quietly!
As Chen Ping’s figure got closer, Ning Caixin relaxed his stance and hurriedly spoke out “Mr Chen, so it’s you ……”
Chen Ping saw that he had caught up with Ning Caixin and the others, so he stopped in his tracks!
“What just happened?”
Chen Ping asked to Ning Caixin!
“Just now ……” Ning Caichen was about to open his mouth, but suddenly stopped, then shook his head and said “Nothing happened!”
Ning Caichen didn’t want Chen Ping to know about the existence of the merit law, fearing that Chen Ping would take it away!
Although they had no way of getting that gongfa for the time being either, Ning Cai Chen did not want anyone else to take it away, after all, it was something that they had discovered and had lost several people!
Chen Ping glanced at Ning Cai Chen, knowing that this fellow was definitely not telling the truth!
However, Chen Ping also did not continue to pursue the question, but glanced at the fire phoenix followed by Bai Shao said “Let’s go ……”
Seeing Chen Ping want to continue to go forward, Ning Zhi but opened his mouth to say “can not continue to go forward, there are lion and tiger beasts in front ……”
“Lion and Tiger Beasts?” Chen Ping froze!
“Aren’t Lion and Tiger Beasts gone? How could a Lion and Tiger Beast appear in this place?”
Bai Shao said with great surprise!
“There is a merit law in front of us, it should be left over from the time of the God-Devil War, and next to this merit law, there is a Lion-Tiger Beast guarding it.”
“We’ve just fought, we can’t defeat that Lion and Tiger Beast, I advise you guys to leave quickly as well!”
Ning Zhi said to Chen Ping!
“Feats?” When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately became interested, after all, the ancient Kung Fu, Chen Ping hadn’t seen what it was like yet!
White shallow is coldly glanced at Ning Zhi, then said to Chen Ping “Chen Ping, you can not be fooled, that lion and tiger beast is very powerful, don’t screw up the technique did not get, but people die here!”
Bai Shao saw through that Ning Zhi’s meaning, the reason why he said that there was a merit law here, he definitely wanted to lure Chen Ping to seize the merit law, and that lion and tiger beast would definitely block it!