“Then let’s just kill that Chen Ping now, won’t he have no way to spread the news, and kill all the ones he’s with as well.”
Bao Longxing said!
“Killing this Chen Ping is easy, but what about that Zhou Family and the Zhen Family? They all know about it as well.”
“It’s also impossible for us to slaughter all of the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family right now.”
Diao Changmin frowned and said!
“Don’t kill him for now, keep this Chen steady and find a way for him to get both Zhou Qian and Zhen Yuandao.”
“As long as we show our sincerity of not being in a fight, I don’t think that Zhou Qian and Zhen Yuandao will be on the defensive.”
“At that time, we’ll then do a clean sweep, so we can avoid spreading the news and also destroy the Zhou and Zhen Families together.”
“And with siblings Nie Lei and Nie Hong following him, we don’t have to be afraid of not being able to find that Chen Ping!”
Su Tianshuo plotted in a whisper!
It turned out that this Nie Lei and Nie Hong siblings were both sent by Su Tianshuo to Chen Ping’s side!
The reason why those pill masters from Lu Qing were able to find Chen Ping accurately was also because of these siblings!
“Alright, just listen to President Su!”
Bao Longxing nodded!
“I also agree!”Diao Changmin also nodded!
A few of him agreed, as for the others, they didn’t have to ask, right now everyone was a grasshopper on a rope, no one could run away!
Seeing that they all agreed, Su Tianshuo walked towards Chen Ping!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I have just discussed this, and the Bao Family Master and the Diao Family Master have promised that they can stop looking for trouble from the Zhou Family and the Zhen Family at this Pill Masters Conference.”
“As for whether or not they will start another dispute after the Pill Masters’ Conference is over, that can’t be guaranteed!”
Su Tianshuo said!
“Good, with President Su’s words, I can safely tell the Zhen Family Head and the others.”
“However, President Su, you should also pay attention, never stay too long at the Pill Cauldron Mountain, it is best to leave as soon as possible before the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect arrives!”
Chen Ping kindly reminded Su Tianshuo!
“I was thinking of leaving quickly, but unfortunately, this curtain of light is blocking us, so there’s no way for us to get up to the mountain.”
“There were quite a few people who just passed through that light curtain, and they all ended up being injured and knocked back by a mysterious force!”
Su Tianshuo sighed and said as he looked at the curtain of light hanging down from the top of the mountain!
“There is still such a thing?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly as he carefully surveyed the curtain of light!
Although the curtain of light did not encompass the entire Pill Cauldron Mountain, it was afraid that one would have to waste a lot of time in order to bypass the curtain of light!
Chen Ping felt that this curtain of light was like a kind of spell formation that had been laid down by someone, but at the beginning, that Ouyang Xing had not said that there was a spell formation on this Medicine Cauldron Mountain ah!
“This Pill Pot Mountain, is by no means as simple as that Ouyang Xing said, besides the beasts here, which are very dangerous, there must be all kinds of tests laid down by that Pill God!”
“So in order to get the inheritance of the Pill God, one must go through the layers of tests laid down by him, otherwise for so many years, no one on the Pill God Island would have obtained the Pill God’s inheritance!”
Su Tianshuo voiced his suspicions!
He suspected that this curtain of light was actually a test laid down by the Pill God before his death, and that only after passing through the layers of tests would one be able to obtain the Pill God’s inheritance!
“Perhaps, I’ll go and take a look ……”
Chen Ping slowly walked towards that light curtain!
Seeing this, Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng hurriedly followed behind Chen Ping!
Seeing Chen Ping go to observe that light screen, Su Tianshuo then made a wink towards Nie Lei and Nie Hong!
The two people didn’t move and followed behind Su Tianshuo before finding a hidden place!
“President Su ……”
Nie Lei and Nie Hong shouted respectfully!
“What’s wrong with you two? Was the location given inaccurately and that Lu Qing’s men didn’t find you guys?”
Su Tianshuo questioned angrily!
Now that Chen Ping appeared here, it must be that Lu Qing and the others did not run into Chen Ping!