“Good!” Ji Yun nodded, then walked towards Ji Yue and Ji Meizhen!
“Second brother, third sister …………”
Ji Yun walked over and shouted!
Seeing Ji Yun take the initiative to come over to find himself, Ji Yue was instantly happy “Sixth brother, what’s wrong?”
“Second brother, I see that you guys have also entered this mountain pass, is it possible that you have also opened the Origin Space or sensed the Origin?”
Ji Yun asked!
“No, we just followed Prince Qin in, he opened the Origin Space, so we hope that by killing the Origin Illusionary Beast, we will be able to quickly perceive the Origin.”
Ji Yue said truthfully.
Ji Yun glanced at Qin Jingyu, then counted “Second brother, now that so many Origin Illusionary Beasts are guarding the entrance, and there’s especially a huge Origin Illusionary Beast, we’re afraid that we won’t be able to enter at all.”
“I think why don’t we gather in one place, co-operate and find a way to kill that huge Origin Illusion Beast.”
“As long as we kill that huge Origin Illusionary Beast, I think we’ll definitely be able to sense the Origin.”
“How can we co-operate?” Ji Yue froze!
“Let’s join forces and go in to attract those smaller Origin Illusion Beasts to the other side, then let Mr Chen step in and behead that huge Origin Illusion Beast.”
“Truth be told, Mr Chen has already perceived several types of Origin, don’t look at the fact that he’s only at the eighth grade of the Harmonisation Realm, but with the strength that he’s erupted into, a Transition Realm cultivator would be no match for him, so I don’t think he’ll have any problems beheading that giant Origin Illusion Beast!”
Ji Yun said to Ji Yue!
When Ji Yue heard this, he then looked at Qin Jingyu, after all, he couldn’t make the decision, here Qin Jingyu was the one who had the final say!
For Ji Yun’s proposal, Qin Jingyu had also heard it a long time ago, in fact, he had also been wanting to kill that huge Origin Illusion Beast, but his strength did not allow it!
Now if they joined forces and were able to kill that huge Origin Illusion Beast, it would not be a bad opportunity!
“Prince Qin, look at my sixth brother’s proposal …………”
r> Ji Yue asked cautiously!
“En, I think this proposal is good, as for the conflicts and hatred between each other, we can put our minds at ease for the time being and kill this huge Origin Illusion Beast!”
Qin Jingyu nodded!
He also wanted to quickly perceive the Origin, if he could really kill this huge Origin Illusionary Beast, perceiving the Origin would definitely not be a problem!
“Sixth brother, since Lord Qin has agreed, we can co-operate!”
Ji Yue said to Ji Yun!
Ji Yun nodded, then returned to Chen Ping’s side and told him about the other party’s promise to co-operate!
Seeing that the other party had agreed, Chen Ping led Ji Yun over to them!
Only when the Ji Meiyan sisters and the Ji Yue siblings met, they all had cold faces and ignored no one!
It was that Qin Jingyu who looked at Chen Ping and said “You want to kill that huge Origin Illusion Beast, but we have to team up and kill it together, as for those small Origin Illusion Beasts, just let a few other people attract them away.”
“Yes!” Chen Ping agreed without hesitation!
He wasn’t afraid of that Qin Jingyu making a move, even if he killed that huge Origin Illusionary Beast, and the Golden Origin was partially absorbed away by him, what could he do?
In the end, it was still Chen Ping who absorbed more, after all, Chen Ping’s Origin Space was infinitely large.
Qin Jingyu also looked a little surprised to see Chen Ping agreeing so readily!
However, since Chen Ping had also agreed, there was nothing more to say!
Chen Ping and Qin Jingyu prepared themselves and then walked into the mountain pass!
Just as they walked in, the huge Origin Phantom Beast let out a hiss, followed by huge claws that slapped towards the two of them!
“Make your move …………”
Chen Ping roared, and the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly appeared in his hand!
That Qin Jingyu was also no longer bare handed and instantly had a pair of huge stone hammers in his hands!
The two launched an attack towards that huge Origin Illusion Beast with one on the left and one on the right!