“The Heavenly Fate Pill has been taken out, it seems like the Pill Masters’ Guild is really in a hurry.”
“What a pity, how good it would be if I knew the art of formation!”
“Heavenly Fate Pill, this is considered a life-preserving divine medicine, right?”
The crowd murmured, and one by one, they regretted not learning the art of formation!
“What kind of medicine is the Heavenly Life Pill?”Chen Ping asked as he looked at Liu Ruyan in confusion!
“This is the top secret divine medicine of the Central Region Pharmacist Association, I heard that taking the Heavenly Fate Pill can make the life soul divinely solid, so even if the physical body is destroyed, the life soul can still escape safely and save a life.”
“That’s why many people say that this Heavenly Life Pill is a life-preserving divine medicine, as long as the life soul is there, then it can be reborn.”
Ruyan Liu explained after Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping heard this, he became interested, so he raised his hand high and said, “I can fix the teleportation array ……”
Chen Wenliang sized up Chen Ping, then asked with some disbelief, “This fellow Daoist, I don’t have time to joke around, if you really fix the teleportation array, the five Heavenly Fate Pills will be given to you immediately.”
“But if you can’t fix it, delay it, and also damage the transmission array, then don’t blame me for being impolite.”
Chen Wenliang saw that Chen Ping was too young and his strength wasn’t very high, which was why he wasn’t too convinced!
“If I can’t repair it, I can leave my life behind!”
Chen Ping walked to that Chen Wenliang with great confidence!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Ruyan Liu and Nie Heng were both shocked!
How could Chen Ping even plug his life?
Those other pharmacists were also surprised and sized up Chen Ping, feeling that Chen Ping, a youngster who spoke without any lightness, had even blocked his life!
Chen Wenliang also did not expect Chen Ping to say this, and for a while, he did not react a bit!
“Kid, this teleportation array has existed for thousands of years, this is an ancient array, it’s not the kind of array that you imagine to be at your fingertips.”
“You’d better think clearly so that you don’t lose your life here for nothing ……”
Seeing this, Li Qi hurriedly chastised Chen Ping!
In fact, Li Qi was also for Chen Ping’s own good, after all, Chen Ping was a newborn calf and did not know the complexity of the teleportation array at all!
It was not worth it at all to really gamble and lose your life here!
Chen Ping smiled faintly and said, “Thank you for reminding me, since I dare to bet, I must have certainty ……”
Seeing this, Li Qi did not say anything more!
Chen Wenliang only reacted at this moment and said, “Alright, I don’t want your life if you can’t fix it, but you must leave your hand behind as a punishment, otherwise if just anyone comes to fix it, won’t this teleportation array be completely destroyed!”
“It’s a deal ……”
Chen Ping nodded and then walked towards that transmission array!
After seeing Chen Ping circling around the teleportation array, he squatted down and began to tidy up the formation patterns on the ground!
Perhaps it was because of the age and lack of maintenance, some of the formation patterns on the ground were already blurred!
Even though someone was maintaining them, the formation patterns were still blurry.
“What are you doing, the formation patterns can’t be moved casually, if this is moved a little, the teleportation array will be completely ruined.”
Seeing this, Li Qi hurriedly bed to stop Chen Ping!
This was an ancient formation, the formation pattern was left behind by an unknown great power, if someone privately moved the formation pattern, then the entire teleportation formation would be ruined!
After all, there were no formation patterns that had palm rules, as long as the position was moved, it would be over!
“Kid, what are you doing? If you dare to destroy the teleportation array, I’ll take your life!”
Chen Wenliang was also anxious and roared loudly at Chen Ping!
One must know that every teleportation array was the life of the Apothecary Guild, and the reason why the Central Region Apothecary Guild was built in such a desolate town was also because the teleportation array was in this place!
If there were no more teleportation arrays, then their Central Region Apothecary Guild would have to fall!
The Northern Region Apothecary Guild’s teleportation array couldn’t be used anymore, making the strength of all the Northern Region Apothecaries lower and lower!
Nowadays, there weren’t many high-level pharmacists in the entire Northern Region, and even fewer people were able to participate in the Pharmacist Conference!
Chen Wenliang didn’t want the Central Region Apothecary Society to become like that!