Chen Ping did not yet know that he had become a firebrand throughout the martial arts world, and as Chen Ping burst into flames, trouble came one after another.
If it wasn’t for Zhao Wuji and Chang Wanjun backing Chen Ping up in Kyoto, Qin Xiaolin would have killed Hongcheng and avenged his son long ago after he came out of seclusion.
Now that Qin Xiaolin had issued the challenge, even if Chang Wanjun was the leader of Department Six, there was nothing he could do to say anything, after all, the rules of the martial arts world were to settle grudges in the ring, this was not considered favouritism, and Chang Wanjun had no control over it.
But at this moment, Chen Ping was still immersed in his cultivation and had no idea about the challenge, nor did he even know that the entire martial arts world was watching him.
At this moment, outside the Pan Long Bay villa area, quite a number of fellow martial arts practitioners had come, Lin Tian Hu and Red Phoenix had also rushed back from the provincial city and brought a team of hundreds of people, they did not care how terrifying the Qin family was, no matter how strong that Qin Xiaolin was, in their eyes, Chen Ping was their temple master, they were only loyal to Chen Ping, even if they had to fight for their lives, they would not let anything happen to Chen Ping.
At the same time, Gu Wentian, Su Wenzong and even Mayor Ling Zhenchuan all came to Pan Long Bay in order to follow Chen Ping and discuss countermeasures. Don’t look at Ling Zhenchuan as the hand of Hongcheng City, but in the face of the Qin family from Kyoto, he didn’t dare to help Chen Ping openly.
All the people gathered at Pan Long Bay, each with an anxious face, but Chen Ping was still cultivating, so no one dared to disturb him.
“Dad, what should we do?” Su Yuqi’s face was anxious and she was somewhat at a loss for what to do.
Although Su Yuqi did not know who this Qin Xiaolin was, she had heard from Gu Ling’er that this Qin Xiaolin was highly powerful and was on the top of the list in the entire martial arts world, which made Su Yuqi a little scared, afraid that Chen Ping would be killed by that Qin Xiaolin.
“Don’t worry yet, can’t you see so many people have come to think of a solution!”
Su Wenzong comforted Su Yuqi.
“This matter started because of me, even if I have to risk my life, I can’t watch something happen to Chen Ping.”
Gu Ling’er had a determined face, she had already made her plans, if Chen Ping was not defeated, she would sacrifice her life to help Chen Ping block the fatal blow.
After all, this matter was caused by his Gu family, and if it wasn’t for saving Gu Ling’er, why would Chen Ping have killed that Qin Feng?
If he hadn’t killed Qin Feng, Qin Xiaolin wouldn’t have given Chen Ping a challenge.
The atmosphere in the villa became incomparably gloomy, everyone had a sad look on their face, no one spoke anymore, now that Chen Ping was not coming forward, they could only wait.
“Ancient, I don’t understand the rules of this martial arts world, if the other party has placed a challenge, won’t it be fine if we don’t answer it? Besides, the other party has asked for a bout in the ring in three days, what if Chen Ping hasn’t come out yet?”
Su Wenzong did not understand these rules of the martial arts world, so he asked to Gu Wentian.
Gu Wentian sighed lightly, “The other party has issued a challenge, if he doesn’t answer it, then Mr. Chen’s reputation in the entire martial arts world will be tarnished, and more importantly, the other party will have an excuse to pursue and kill by any means necessary, then not only Mr. Chen, but also those around him will be implicated. This time, Qin Xiaolin must have met with resistance in Kyoto and he doesn’t dare to go after Mr. Chen easily, that’s why he did so.”
When Su Wenzong heard that the consequences of not answering the challenge were so serious that everyone around Chen Ping would be implicated, he was silent.
“Humph, no matter how powerful that Qin family is in Kyoto, how strong that Qin Xiaolin is, when it comes to Hongcheng, this is our territory, my people in Hongcheng plus the ones transferred from the provincial city, there are thousands of people, could it still not deal with his one Qin family ……”
Lin Tianhu said with a hostile face and a loud grunt.