“Do you really have a Marrow Cleansing Pill? Show it to us, if you really have the Marrow Cleansing Pill, we can give you the Snow Wolf ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai asked impatiently.
“I don’t have it now, but when we return, I will definitely give it to you guys ……”
Chen Ping said with a sincere face.
“Paralyzed, you tricked us ……”
When the fiery Cheng Kun heard this, the knife in his hand slashed directly towards Chen Ping.
When Xiao Ru behind Chen Ping saw this, she hurriedly stepped forward to block the knife in that Cheng Kun’s hand.
Now only Xiao Ru’s strength could help Chen Ping, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er’s strength was too low.
On the side, Zhao Beng saw Xiao Ru make a move and immediately stepped forward to block the middle: “Brother Kun, don’t be in a hurry, listen to him slowly ……”
“Since I have said that I will exchange it for the Marrow Cleansing Pill, I will definitely give you the Pill Cleansing Pill when I return, I am the Pill God Valley Master, how would I lie to you ……”
Chen Ping said with a serious face, not like he was joking at all.
“Pill God Valley Master?”
Everyone was stunned, they couldn’t believe that Chen Ping, at this age, would be the Pill God Valley Master?
“Kid, you can’t even tell a f*cking lie, I know that Pill God Valley, at your age, how can you be the Pill God Valley Master? Lying to a three-year-old child, right?”
Cheng Kun obviously did not believe it.
“Big brother Chen won’t lie, what he promises, he will do ……”
Xiao Ru roared as she looked at Cheng Kun angrily.
Chen Ping was his life-saving benefactor, Xiao Ru would not watch others call Chen Ping a liar and not care.
“Brother Kun, I don’t think this big brother Chen looks like a liar, just trust him for once, big deal, I’ll guarantee Shadowless Villa, if he can’t give you the Marrow Cleansing Pill after we get back, I, Zhao Chuang, will go and find you two ……”
When Zhao Barging saw that Xiao Ru was angry, he felt intolerant and spoke up for Chen Ping.
“Zhao Barging, I think you’re just fascinated by women, and you’re f*cking calling yourself big brother Chen, do you know who this kid is? You dare to give him a guarantee?”
Cheng Kun looked at Zhao Chuan and cried and laughed a little.
“Brother Kun, you don’t care who it is, it’s just a snow wolf, even if you take out the beast elixir, it’s not that valuable, besides, there must be other beasts on this island, just be generous ……”
Zhao Bargan begged Cheng Kun in a lowly manner.
Looking at Zhao Beng’s appearance, Cheng Kun finally sighed, “Fine, I’ll trust this kid for a while for your sake, if I don’t have the Marrow Cleansing Pill when I get back, I won’t be able to spare him ……”
“Thank you Brother Kun!” Zhao Chuan finished, and then looked at Xuan Yuan Kai, “Brother Kai, what do you mean?”
“Cheng Kun has agreed, what else do I have to say!” Xuan Yuan Kai smiled helplessly, and then continued, “Zhao Barging, I’m telling you kid, don’t move your true feelings, or you won’t even know how you’ll die ……”
“Brother Kai, I have my own measure, thanks a lot ……”
Zhao Barging arched his hand towards Xuanyuan Kai!
Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai led the men away, while Zhao Barging looked towards Chen Ping and said, “Brother Chen, now the Snow Wolf is yours ……”
I have to say that this kid Zhao Barging, I’m afraid he has social bull syndrome, no matter who Chen Ping is, when he saw Xiao Ru shouting Big Brother Chen, he also followed directly.
But just now, Zhao Barging’s manipulation did give Chen Ping a lot of goodwill.
Although this guy was oily and had a hangdog look, he didn’t have any bad intentions though.
“Many thanks ……”
Chen Ping followed Zhao Barging and said thanks.
“Big brother Chen, why are you polite with me, you are Xiao Ru’s big brother, you are my big brother ……”
As Zhao Barging said this, he glanced at Xiao Ru, causing Xiao Ru to blush and turn her head away from him.
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re getting into.
Not to mention Xiao Ru, even if the two of them had to encounter such a stalker, they would have a headache and would not know how to do it.