“Since you won’t shed a tear until you see the coffin, then I will fulfil you!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
When the referee elder saw this, he then waved his hand and said, “All of you step back, the match will continue.”
Along with the formation slowly opening up again, Chen Ping followed Liu Sh*tong on the martial arts stage to face each other once again!
Only to see Liu Sh*tong’s hands gently resting on his head, the sky instantly changed colour!
Above Liu Sh*tong’s head, two clouds, one red and one purple, unexpectedly appeared!
Immediately after that, from these two clouds, two Supreme Flames fell down and landed directly on Liu Sh*tong’s palm!
One of the Supreme Flames was none other than the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame, but the lavender-coloured Supreme Flame therein, Chen Ping could not tell what kind of Supreme Flame it was!
Everyone looked at Liu Sh*tong in shock, all with puzzled faces!
“What kind of supreme fire does this Liu Sh*tong have, how can there be two kinds?”
“It’s too strange, how come he has a type of Supreme Flame other than the Purple Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame?”
Many people whispered!
Even that Referee Elder had a frown on his face!
“This Liu Sh*tong is only a deacon disciple, but he has practiced the top secret Supreme Flame of the Violet Flame Sect, it seems that that Sect Master Huo really loves him.”
The Referee Elder gritted his teeth, a few hints of displeasure evident in his eyes!
One must know that the lavender-coloured supreme fire was the top secret supreme fire of the Violet Flame Sect, and it was also considered the secret of the Violet Flame Sect!
All of the disciples cultivated with that red supreme fire, and they simply couldn’t come into contact with this lavender supreme fire!
It wasn’t even known, only those who had reached the level of Elder could have access to it!
But even if they were elders, they might not all be able to cultivate the Violet Flame Sect’s Top Secret Supreme Flame!
It also depended on the situation, referee elders like them had limited rights in the Violet Flame Sect itself!
Although they knew about the Violet Flame Sect’s Top Secret Supreme Flame, they simply couldn’t touch it and cultivate it!
But now Liu Sh*tong, a mere deacon disciple, had already practiced the Purple Flame Sect’s top secret Supreme Fire, how could this not make the Referee Elder angry!
Moreover, the origin of the name Purple Flame Sect was also because of this lavender-coloured supreme fire!
But now this Liu Sh*tong had actually displayed the Purple Flame Sect’s Top Secret Supreme Flame in front of many disciples, which was not allowed!
Liu Sh*tong also knew that he shouldn’t have displayed this mauve-coloured supreme fire in front of the crowd!
However, in order to defeat Chen Ping, he could not care less!
Chen Ping looked at the mauve-coloured supreme fire in Liu Sh*tong’s hand, his heart was filled with excitement, this was another kind of supreme fire, if he could absorb it, he would have five kinds of supreme fire!
However, in front of so many people, how was Chen Ping going to absorb that Supreme Flame silently?
One could not blatantly seize that Supreme Flame and absorb it!
Just as Chen Ping was considering how to absorb Liu Sh*tong’s Supreme Flame, that Liu Sh*tong suddenly closed his palms violently!
The two types of Supreme Flames instantly collided together, followed by an endless outburst of fiery flames that engulfed Liu Sh*tong!
“Ah …………”
Liu Sh*tong let out a miserable scream, but he did not struggle at all, allowing the two types of Supreme Flames to burn in his body!
“Is senior brother Liu stupid, how can he burn himself?”
“This is unbelievable, what is this going to do!”
The crowd was shocked when they saw Liu Sh*tong in this state!
Even Chen Ping was somewhat confused, not understanding what this Liu Sh*tong was trying to do!
The two types of Supreme Flames were not fused together, but Liu Sh*tong was actually letting them collide together directly, wasn’t this looking for death?
At this moment, half of Liu Sh*tong’s body was wrapped in crimson flames, while the other half was wrapped in that lavender flame!
The two types of supreme flames were not allowed to resist each other, devouring Liu Sh*tong’s body!
Liu Sh*tong screamed miserably, and at the location of his chest, a bizarre aura slowly emanated out!
Accompanied by this bizarre aura, the two types of Supreme Flames that were originally incompatible with each other, unexpectedly began to slowly fuse together at the location of Liu Sh*tong’s chest!