A pair of eyes continued to approach towards Chen Ping, and the entire thatched cottage was filled with a faint red light!
Along with the constant approach of these eyes, the formation around the thatched cottage activated, and a ray of light wrapped the thatched cottage!
Seeing the activated formation, these guys did not continue to approach!
They just kept staring at Chen Ping with those eyes, staring Chen Ping to the point where his scalp went numb!
However, because there was a formation blocking them, Chen Ping was slightly relieved, because he did not know yet, to whom these pairs of ruddy coloured eyes, actually belonged!
If it was some demonic beasts, Chen Ping was not afraid, but if it was some demonic cultivators, and not weak ones at that, then it would be troublesome!
But after a while, these guys did not continue to come closer, proving that this spell formation did scare these guys!
Seeing this, Chen Ping no longer cared, and after taking a deep breath, he began to continue practising the divine pattern!
Along with Chen Ping carving over and over again, Chen Ping was becoming more and more proficient!
Moreover, the speed at which the second hundred engravings were completed was obviously much faster than the first!
Chen Ping not only had to concentrate at this point, but he also had to endure loneliness!
Doing something over and over again, many people would go crazy!
There was no telling how many times it had been engraved, and even less knowing how many days and nights had passed, when Chen Ping had once again finished engraving the divine pattern in one breath, that little white mouse appeared again!
“Senior brother, how do you feel?”
The middle-aged man that the little white mouse had transformed into asked Chen Ping!
“It’s alright, much more skilful.” Chen Ping smiled faintly, but then asked, “Senior brother, when I was carving the formation pattern, I found a pair of crimson eyes outside, staring at me closely, I wonder if senior brother knows what they are?”
When the middle-aged man heard this, he frowned slightly, but quickly stretched and said, “Senior brother don’t need to be afraid, with the protection of the formation, nothing can break in, you just need to carve the formation pattern at ease.”
“By the way, Master asked me to bring you two Soul Suppressing Grasses, which can help you condense your divine soul, and will be beneficial for inscribing formation patterns!”
The middle-aged man handed Chen Ping two immortal grasses that looked very precious!
“Senior brother, thank Master for me ……”
Chen Ping unceremoniously put away the immortal herbs!
The middle-aged man did not say anything else and quickly left, and it looked like he left in a bit of a hurry!
Chen Ping knew that this senior brother definitely knew what those pairs of eyes were, probably because he was afraid that he would be timid and his mind would be affected, so he didn’t say anything!
But whatever it was, it couldn’t affect Chen Ping, Chen Ping could just carve the divine pattern!
Sitting down quietly, Chen Ping refined the two Soul Suppressing Grasses!
And after that middle-aged man left, his body instantly disappeared!
It soon appeared on top of a mountain, and that Divine Pattern Old Man was also on top of this mountain!
“Senior, just as you guessed, the people from the Formation Demon did appear, but they were blocked by the formation and didn’t move too aggressively.”
The middle-aged man said with some surprise!
“I knew that these fellows wouldn’t die, this time we mustn’t let these fellows escape again.”
The Divine Ripple Elder Ancestor said with a faint smile on his face!
“Elder Ancestor, how did you know that this Senior Brother would definitely be able to lure in the Formation Demon’s people?”
The middle-aged man asked in disbelief!
“Because his bloodline is different from any of us, and by him constantly inscribing formation patterns, the people of the Formation Demon will definitely be able to sense it.”
“And they’ll go to desperate lengths for this special bloodline, this is also our chance!”
The Divine Grain Ancestor explained!
“Right, I also perceived it, Senior Brother surprisingly has several scents on him, there are scents of the Demon Race, the Human Race and even the Beast Race.”
“That’s really strange, how can a person have three racial auras on them at the same time!”
The middle-aged man said!
The Godly Tattooed Old Ancestor just laughed and didn’t say anything in return!