When Pocky Hu saw that he had been exposed, he laughed and changed back to his original form.
Chen Ping also leapt down from the tree at this moment and said to Hu Pazzi, “Master Hu, this Transformation and Separation Spell is really good, it’s just a pity that you can’t change your breath, if you could, no one would be able to tell the difference!”
“A more powerful runic spell, you haven’t seen it yet ……”
Hu Pazi said with a smug look on his face.
When that team leader saw that Chen Ping was following Hu Pazzi’s chat and was actually ignoring him, he became furious and pulled out his katana, roaring and swinging it at Chen Ping and Hu Pazzi!
Chen Ping just grabbed the katana with his hand, and with a little force, the katana broke instantly!
Only then did he realise the difference in strength between himself and Chen Ping!
The team leader turned around and tried to run, but he was slapped into a pulp by Chen Ping!
“The last guy, don’t leave it to me yet, let me have a full house ……”
Hu Ma Zi looked at the group leader who was slapped to death by Chen Ping and said with a pity face!
“There’s no time to delay, hurry up and go ……”
Chen Ping rushed forward quickly, with Hu Puzi following close behind!
The two soon reached the foot of the mountain, and looking at the unmarked peak, the corners of Ling Feng’s mouth lifted slightly!
Those guys thought that if they camouflaged the cave entrance, Chen Ping wouldn’t be able to find it!
Just now, Chen Ping’s divine sense had already locked on to their position!
Looking at the mountain in front of him, Chen Ping’s fist began to glitter with a golden light!
Immediately afterwards, a fist came out.
Boom ……
The entire mountain shook, and the hole in front of them was instantly blasted open!
“What’s going on?”
Ono Jiro had a shocked look on his face as the entire inside of the cave continued to shake!
“Captain Ono, someone has broken in ……”
One of his men hurriedly reported.
“Quickly, activate the spell formation ……”
Ono Jiro ordered loudly!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, the moment the cave opened, Ge Yuhan’s familiar aura was sensed!
“It’s inside ……”
Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi quickly ran towards the inside of the cave!
But just as they ran not far into the cave, they only saw dozens of white rays of light shining towards them!
The next thing you know, these rays of light are forming a big net, only to envelop Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi!
And at the same time, Ono Jiro led his men straight over and surrounded Chen Ping and the others tightly.
“Who the hell are you people? How did you find your way here?”
Ono Jiro asked.
“We are your ancestors, just this sh*tty place, I found it with a slight magic spell.”
“You hurry up and release the girl you captured, or you’ll have a good time ……”
Chen Ping said to that Ono Jiro.
“So you are here to find the girl, but it is useless for you to come, no one can save anyone who enters here.”
Ono Jiro was full of confidence!
Now that Chen Ping and the others were bound by the spell formation, Ono Jiro wasn’t afraid at all!
“Who brought her here? With your skills, there’s no way you could have gotten the girl here anyway.”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Ono Jiro.
Ono Jiro himself was only a Martial Marquis in strength, how could he have captured Ge Yuhan!
Although Ge Yuhan’s strength was suppressed, she was still able to exert the strength of a Grand Martial Marquis, and was no match for Ono Jiro.
“What can you do now that you know who captured it? Soon you will be dead ……”
Ono Jiro smiled coldly and didn’t even say anything!
“What, we’ve all become prisoners and you don’t dare to say anything? Did your master dictate to you?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Ono Jiro with a mocking expression.
He was deliberately provoking Ono Jiro, Chen Ping was curious to know who could have brought Ge Yuhan here!
When Chen Ping saw these island warriors, he actually had a guess in his mind, only that he wanted to verify whether his guess was right.