“Looks like I underestimated you, come again ……”
That Master Ma finished, his body leaped!
Master Guo also had confidence at this time, knowing that this Master Ma’s strength was only so much, a vertical leap also rushed up!
But just before rushing forward, only to see that master Ma waving a big hand, a thick cloud of smoke instantly wrapped Master Guo, followed by the smoke more and more dense.
Master Guo said, “This is not good, so he hurriedly tried to retreat, but he heard a whistling sound coming from behind him, so he hurriedly dodged the blow!
“Despicable, didn’t you say you didn’t use magic?”
Master Guo cursed angrily!
“Hahahaha, I beat you by my skills, what’s so despicable about that?”
Master Ma laughed out loud, in this thick fog, he was the master and Master Guo was like a headless fly!
Seeing this scene, Song Zu De’s face was as ugly as could be, he knew it was going to be the end!
As expected, soon Master Guo’s body flew out of the thick fog, blood hanging from the corner of his mouth, his body trembling slightly as he looked at that Master Ma.
“Dual training in arts and martial arts, really powerful, I am willing to pay homage to you ……”
Master Guo’s face was ugly as he said to Grandmaster Ma.
“Seeing that you are also a famous family, I won’t kill you today, get lost ……”
Master Ma waved his hand!
Master Guo clasped his fist and immediately ordered his men to carry Fan Debiao and prepare to leave!
“Master Guo, you can’t leave, you can’t leave, if you leave, what can I do, I can pay you more, as much as you want!”
Song Zu De said as he pulled Master Guo.
“Mr. Song, this has nothing to do with money, I’m no match for that Master Ma, there’s no way out!”
Master Guo shook off Song Zu De and left without looking back!
This time, Song Zu De was dumbfounded, his whole body fainted and he wanted to fall backwards!
“Dad …………” Song Tie hurriedly held Song Zu De!
“Hahahaha, how about that? I just gave you guys a chance, you don’t know how precious it is, now the whole Heng Shan’s veins are mine except this one, whoever of you dares to disagree, will die today ……”
Feng Yi laughed wantonly!
“Feng Yi, my Liu family won’t rob with you, we still just run our own mine vein and that’s it!”
Liu Chengyin saw this and said to Feng Yi.
“Too late, now both of you two need to get the hell out of Mountain City, this place is now not my place and I don’t like to see any of them mining the veins except my Feng family!”
Feng Yi said with a smug look on his face.
“Feng Yi, you …… you don’t want to bully people too much?”
Liu Chengyin was going to die of anger!
“What? I’m bullying you, what can you do? Do you want to make a move too?”
Feng Yi looked at Liu Chengyin with contempt, at this moment he had long since become arrogant to the extreme!
“Feng Yi, even if I die, I won’t leave Mountain City, big deal, I’ll give you a fight to the death ……”
Song Zu De gritted his teeth and looked at Feng Yi, and then said to Liu Cheng Yin, “Old Liu, our two families join hands, we don’t believe we can’t defeat him Feng Yi, when the time comes, our two families will share the mineral vein equally!”
Liu Chengyin looked at Feng Yi who had a rampant look on his face, so he nodded, “Good, let’s join forces together!”
Feng Yi looked at the two families joining forces and wasn’t worried in the slightest, with all the people Song Zu De had brought with him gone, there was no strength left at all!
“Since your two families are looking for death, then don’t blame me for being ruthless ……”
Feng Yi’s eyes flashed with murderous intent as he waved his hand, “Give me a go, kill them all ……”
The experts Feng Yi brought all leapt up, while that Master Ma pinched his fingers, a black mist floated towards the people of the Liu and Song families!
“Charge ……”
Liu Chengyin and Song Zu De all roared loudly, they knew that this was the time for their survival!
At once, the two sides mingled into a battle, and the two meter tall man that Liu Chengyin had invited went straight towards that Master Ma, his huge body was like a small mountain!