Although he knew that the opposite side was the Northern Icefield, Chen Ping could not move a single muscle!
It was as if his body was frozen there!
In the Land of Chaos, space began to distort up, and the space-time turbulence was like a sharp blade that kept reaping towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping his body was already bruised and battered!
The golden dragon that surrounded his body was also slowly disappearing!
And Chen Ping noticed that a lofty mountain was becoming clearer and clearer!
On top of that high mountain, patches of Polar Stones were emitting light!
“Polar Stone Mine?”
Chen Ping did not expect to find an Extreme Stone Mine within the Land of Chaos!
However, that Polar Stone Mine wasn’t in the Land of Chaos, but followed the Land of Chaos closely!
“It’s over, this time it’s really over ……”
Chen Ping sighed!
What was the point of discovering the Extreme Stone Mine now!
People were dying!
At this moment, Chen Ping had even felt the scent of death!
This was the closest he had come to death!
“Dying is perhaps also a relief.”
“I just can’t let go of those women around me ……”
Chen Ping’s thoughts fell into memories!
It was like playing a film, the bits and pieces from the time he was released from prison!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was also panicking in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness at this moment!
If Chen Ping died here, he was definitely done for as well!
“Don’t give up, hold on ah, you can’t die, if you die, what will I do?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch roared!
It was a pity that Chen Ping didn’t seem to be able to hear it at all anymore, and the domain of survival was already getting lower and lower!
At this moment, in the middle of a mountain forest mansion!
Shi suddenly frowned!
“This guy, why did he run to the land of chaos, he really has nothing to do!”
Shi muttered and his body instantly disappeared!
Just as Chen Ping’s life was slowly fading away, his thoughts were beginning to be confused!
Suddenly a golden light spread on his body, followed by an unprecedented feeling of comfort that assaulted Chen Ping’s entire body!
In front of Chen Ping, a plain-clothed Shi was quietly looking at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping opened his eyes and the moment he saw Mr Shi, his entire body froze!
“Mr Shi, is it really you?”
“Am I already dead?Are we in hell or heaven?”
“It must be heaven, am I meeting you in heaven?”
“Mr Shi, do you know how much I miss you?”
Chen Ping cried!
Chen Ping had actually always viewed Mr Shi as his elder!
In the secular world, Chen Ping had received unparalleled care from Mr Shi!
If it wasn’t for Mr Shi, Chen Ping might have been in Kyoto long ago, assassinated to death by those people from the Martial Arts Alliance!
Listening to Chen Ping’s words, Mr Shi was speechless for a while!
“Chen Ping, don’t forget that you yourself are a cultivator, a true Immortal Cultivator.”
“What hell, what heaven, don’t you think it’s ridiculous coming from your mouth?”
“Only mortals would talk about this.”
Mr Shi said indifferently!
Chen Ping’s entire body fell into a daze as he listened to Mr Shi’s words, but he quickly reacted!
“Mr Shi, I’m not dead, and you’re not dead either?”
“Right, right?”
Chen Ping excitedly hugged Mr Shi!
Mr Shi was not dead, and he was not dead either!
This was because he could clearly sense Mr Shi’s aura at the moment!
A golden light emanated from Mr Shi’s body, and where the light shone, it was calm and serene!
The turbulence of time and space did not even manage to get the slightest bit closer!
“I wanted to leave you alone in the Celestial Realm, but you brat found death on your own and dared to enter even this chaotic land.”
“Let me tell you, even though you know that I’m still alive, I can’t save you anytime, anywhere, and the road behind you is still up to you.”
“You kid is making your own death, I won’t care anymore ……”
Mr Shi finished speaking and then gazed at Chen Ping!
This glance caused the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness to tremble!
Immediately after Mr Shi waved, a golden light flashed, Chen Ping instantly appeared outside of the chaos, his entire being passed out!
And Shi’s figure disappeared!