“I’m fine, fine!”
Chen Ping said!
“Chen Ping, what happened to the thundercloud just now? I would have thought it was that Qi Peijia breaking through to the Mahayana realm.”
“But just now, I saw that he didn’t change, and you didn’t change either ah ……”
“Then what exactly was the commotion just now ah?”
Bai Shao was very curious and asked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled and took out that little Heaven Swallowing Beast!
“Look guys, it’s that spirit beast egg that hatched out.”
Chen Ping said!
“Wow, what a cute little guy, this is a Qilin Beast, right?”
When Bai Shan saw that little Heaven Swallowing Beast, she was so excited that she was about to touch it with her hand!
Roar ……
As soon as Bai Shallow had just reached out, that Heaven Swallowing Beast let out a hiss!
At this sound, it directly caused Bai Shallow to be shocked and back away in fear, she didn’t expect such a cute little Qilin beast to be so fierce!
“Queen Fox, this isn’t a Qilin beast, this is a Heaven Swallowing Beast with a particularly wild nature, don’t mess with it.”
Fire Phoenix said to Bai Shallow!
It seemed that it was still Fire Phoenix who had seen a lot, she could actually tell at a glance that this wasn’t a Qilin Beast, but a Heaven Swallowing Beast!
“Heaven Swallowing Beast?” Bai Shallow was startled and hurriedly stepped back!
Sheng Bushi as well as Sheng Jiahui and the others looked at the Heaven Swallowing Beast in Chen Ping’s hand and were all very curious as well!
However, they did not understand what a Heaven Swallowing Beast was, nor did they know how powerful it was!
Chen Ping put away the Heaven Swallowing Beast, right now Chen Ping didn’t know the temperament of this little guy, it would be bad if it bit someone!
“Alright, let’s get out of here as soon as possible.”
Chen Ping was afraid that that Qi Peijia would return, so he thought of leaving quickly!
The crowd nodded and followed Chen Ping as they quickly left!
After walking out of this mountain peak, Sheng Bushi then went up and thanked towards Chen Ping “Mr Chen, thank you so much, if it wasn’t for you, our Sheng family wouldn’t have been able to obtain the Heavenly Symbol Sect’s talismanic spell ah.”
“We are planning to leave this Divine Demon Battlefield, being able to obtain the Heavenly Rune Sect’s Rune Spell Technique is considered to be our Sheng Family’s greatest good fortune.”
“Sheng Family Master is polite, since you guys are leaving, then I am not in a position to stop you, I still hope that you guys can be careful.”
Chen Ping said to Sheng Bushi!
“Mr Chen, if you have the time, go and have a catch up at the small house, I will surely slightly prepare a thin wine reception.”
Sheng Bushi invited to Chen Ping!
“Definitely definitely ……”
Chen Ping nodded politely!
The Sheng Family, as a formation and charm based family, had obtained the Heavenly Talisman Sect’s Talisman Technique, which was of course the most precious thing, so it was quite reasonable to leave without waiting for the Divine Demon Battlefield to close!
After all, there were all sorts of people in this Divine Demon Battlefield, so if they stayed on, there might be some danger!
After following the Sheng Family’s crowd to bid farewell, Chen Ping left with Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow!
“Master, where are we going next?”
Fire Phoenix asked!
“Let’s just go around casually, I reckon that this Divine Demon Battlefield should be closed in a few days.”
Chen Ping did not have a destination, after all, he did not know where there were treasures!
Chen Ping followed Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow through the dense forest, but his divine sense entered the sea of consciousness and carefully speculated on that Imperial Fire Step!
Now he could only rely on himself to delve into it, who let that Fire Spirit Star Lord have too explosive a temper, running away at the drop of a hat, and not explaining a bit to himself!
Chen Ping walked absentmindedly, trying to figure out the essentials of the Royal Fire Steps!
Not knowing how long he had been walking, the Fire Phoenix suddenly shouted “Master, look ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly came out from the sea of consciousness, and then saw that the earth was torn apart in front of him, the trees were pouring down, and there was quite a lot of turbulence scattering in all directions, obviously a fight had just been discovered!
There were several corpses lying on the ground that were already indistinguishable, looking miserable!
“All want to get the treasures, but how many people can leave this Divine Demon Battlefield in one piece?”
Bai Shao couldn’t help but let out a sigh and said.