Kyoto, the Dragon Family!
After Long Xiao had absorbed the last of the beast pills, his entire body underwent a qualitative change in aura!
In just a short month, Long Xiao had made one breakthrough after another, leaping to the strength of a fifth grade Martial Marquis!
The current Long Jingguo was out of reach even when facing Long Xiao!
But it wasn’t because of Long Xiao’s talent, it was because of the soul spirit inside him, and with enough resources, it made Long Xiao’s strength soar!
“Xiao’er, it’s really unexpected, your strength has progressed so quickly, you’re simply a genius, I’ve never seen someone with such a fast cultivation speed ……”
Long Jingguo said with a face full of surprise.
From the beginning when Long Jingguo resisted the soul spirit inside Long Xiao, to now when he was envious.
Long Jingguo could not wait to have a soul spirit attached to his body, that way he would be able to cultivate twice as fast with half the effort!
“Dad, it’s a pity that there are too few resources, otherwise my strength could have been improved.”
Long Xiao said with a lofty expression.
Long Jingguo was also frowning, so many beast pills that he had obtained this time were absorbed by Long Xiao alone, and the resources that he had collected from all over the world were also given to Long Xiao, but they still could not satisfy Long Xiao’s cultivation, which made Long Jingguo a bit difficult!
Just then, Long Xingxu walked over, feeling the surging aura on Long Xiao’s body, Long Xingxu was envious.
At this moment, he was simply worlds apart from Long Xiao, there was no comparison anymore.
“Congratulations young master, the strength has increased a lot more ……”
Long Xingxu said respectfully.
“Xingxu, looking for me for something?”
When Long Jingguo saw Long Xingxu appear, he knew that he must be looking for him.
“Master ……”
Long Xingxu shouted, then looked at Long Xiao and did not continue.
Seeing this, Long Jingguo knew what Long Xingxu wanted to say, it must be because of his sister Long Ruitong’s matter, because this matter had been hidden from Long Xiao, so in front of Long Xiao, Long Xingxu did not dare to say anything.
Long Xiao also seemed to have sensed something, so he said, “Dad, is there something you are hiding from me?”
“Xiao’er, there are some things that I don’t want you to know, but now that you are also old enough to be completely on your own, there are some things that you should know ……”
Long Jingguo finished speaking and began to follow Long Xiao, and took Long Xiao to the dungeon of the Long Family!
Long Xiao looked at the gloomy dungeon, and his own aunt inside the dungeon, feeling a bit incredible!
And Long Ruotong was also a little surprised when she looked at Long Xiao who had suddenly appeared!
After all, for so many years, the only people Long Ruotong could see were a few of Long Jingguo, who had never led a stranger here.
But now, seeing the unfamiliar Long Xiao, Long Ruotong looked surprised!
“Xiao’er, this is that aunt of yours, she has been locked up here for over twenty years ……”
Long Jingguo pointed at Long Ruotong and said.
When Long Ruotong heard Long Jingguo introduce her like this, she instantly understood that this Long Xiao was Long Jingguo’s son.
“Dad, you said a wanted to get a secret from this aunt of mine, what exactly is the secret?”
Long Xiao asked curiously.
After all, after being locked up for over twenty years, this secret had not been obtained, which made Long Xiao very curious.
“A heart technique, a set of heart techniques that can lead to immortality ……”
Long Jingguo slowly spoke.
“Immortality?”
Hearing these four words, Long Xiao was instantly shocked!
Even though he was now a fifth grade Martial Marquis, he still couldn’t stop the ravages of the years and would grow old sooner or later.
If he could live forever, that would be simply great!
“Could it be that after more than twenty years, this aunt of mine has never said anything?”
Long Xiao asked.
Long Jingguo nodded, “Not bad, for more than twenty years, I have used every means, she has not said a single word, I even used her son to threaten her, but it was useless.”
“Her son?” Long Xiao froze!
“Yes, if my guess is good, that Chen Ping should be the son of this aunt of yours, you two are cousins ……”
As Long Jingguo’s words fell, Long Xiao’s head exploded with a loud bang.