Chen Ping planned to wait until after he went to Nameless Island on the 15th of July to see what great opportunities there were before saying anything, and perhaps he could also bring Su Yuqi into the path of immortality cultivation.
“What? I’m the Su family’s eldest young lady and I’m rushing to marry you, and you’re still not happy about it, are you?”
Seeing that Chen Ping was silent, Su Yuqi was somewhat unhappy and said.
“No!” Chen Ping shook his head, “I’m a poor boy, to be able to marry a wife like you is simply burning high incense, only I’m a man, how can I let you support me, I have to struggle on my own, and in the future, let you become someone the world looks up to!”
Hearing Chen Ping say so, Su Yuqi’s heart warmed up and smiled happily, “I didn’t expect you to know how to speak sweetly, but you don’t need to struggle, I’ll just ask my father to put the whole Su family estate under your name, anyway, now my company has been given to you, let you become the chairman, don’t care about the other few companies, anyway, he only has one daughter! ”
“Uh …………” Chen Ping was speechless, what was the difference between this following raising him?
“Well, to tell you something serious, how is the herbs I asked you to prepare, it’s been many days.”
Chen Ping knew that he couldn’t follow Su Yuqi’s entanglement in the matter of marriage anymore, maybe this girl would drag him to get a license tomorrow!
“It should be almost done, I’ll rush it tomorrow and hand it over to you!”
Because all Chen Ping needed were some valuable herbs, so it would take some time, during this period of time Su Yuqi didn’t look for Chen Ping, she just went everywhere to look for herbs!
While Su Yuqi was talking, a sudden gust of wind swept through the sky, followed by the moon being covered by black clouds!
It was about to rain heavily!
Click ……
Rumble …………
A flash of lightning was followed by a huge explosion of thunder!
“Ah …………”
Su Yuqi shrieked, her hand shook, and the car went straight towards a ditch to the side!
Chen Ping was quick with his eyes and grabbed the steering wheel, while Su Yuqi flung herself into Chen Ping’s arms!
“I’m afraid, I’m afraid of thunder …………”
Su Yuqi’s body was trembling faintly!
Chen Ping didn’t expect that Su Yuqi, who was such an adult, would be afraid of thunder, so he couldn’t help but smile and said, “If you wanted to hug me, you could have just told me, why did you have to find such a crude excuse?”
“Bah, who wants to hug you!”
Su Yuqi straightened up, gave Chen Ping a fierce glare, opened her seat belt and said, “You drive, I’m not driving!”
Chen Ping had no choice but to drive himself, and by now it was pouring with rain!
When Chen Ping returned to Pan Long Bay and was about to reach the top of the hill, he found a woman on the road with an umbrella, seemingly waiting for someone!
Chen Ping drove the car closer and only after opening the window did he realise that it was Geng Shanshan!
At this moment, although Geng Shanshan was wearing an umbrella, her body was soaked through, and when she saw that it was Chen Ping who had returned, she instantly pounced on him!
“Chen Ping, you’ve finally come back, I’ve been waiting for you for half a day!”
Geng Shanshan grabbed the car window: “I was wrong, I know I was wrong, it was all because Xiao Lei forced me, if I didn’t marry him, he would have found someone to kill my aunt and uncle, I really had no choice!”
“And I did that to you because Xiao Lei instigated it, I regret it, I was wrong ……”
“I’ve always had you in my heart, I’ve always liked you, have you forgotten when we were in college, watching the lotus flowers together, watching the stars together?”
“At that time you took my hand and said that you would take good care of me for the rest of our lives, that we would never be apart for the rest of our lives, have you forgotten?”
Geng Shanshan looked at Chen Ping with pity, her face could not tell whether it was rain or tears!
Looking at Geng Shanshan’s appearance, Chen Ping felt a wave of disgust, he had no trace of feelings for Geng Shanshan long ago, not even hatred, this kind of person was not worthy of a single emotion, even if it was hatred!
To Chen Ping, Geng Shanshan was like a mole, who would have strong hatred for a mole?
“Have you finished? I’m going home now that I’ve finished!”
Chen Ping looked at Geng Shanshan with cold eyes and said.