When Old Sun saw that Chen Ping had even put away the Dragon Cutting Sword and wanted to compete with himself in terms of physical body, he couldn’t help but let out a cold laugh and said, “Kid, the old man who crossed the tribulation was a physical body that was hard to resist, for you to compete with me in terms of physical body is simply a case of playing with a big sword in front of the Lord of Guan …….”
Old Sun’s face was full of disdain, then he took a step out, and the entire earth trembled!
“Meteor Fist ……”
Old Sun followed up with another fist slamming out, but this fist, however, carried countless fist shadows, each fist shadow was as if it was a meteor heading straight towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping clenched his teeth, and his feet were even more deeply embedded in the ground!
Boom!
A meteor-like fist struck Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping’s body flew back, leaving two deep gullies on the ground!
And right at this moment, Old Sun suddenly disappeared in place, and in the blink of an eye Kung Fu appeared in front of Chen Ping!
Another fist smashed out, this fist was like a running thunderstorm, the void was smashed out of a black hole!
Chen Ping did not have the slightest fear in his eyes, all he had was a strong battle intent!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping clenched his right hand into a fist and a golden light erupted, followed by swinging out!
Boom!
This fist smashed out, the two fists met each other, instantly setting off a storm, the turbulence that actually appeared in the void, although it was only a flash, the entire void was constantly trembling!
Old Sun’s body retreated rapidly, stopping after retreating hundreds of metres, while Chen Ping flew out backwards, smashing heavily into the ground, smashing out a tens of metres deep pit!
Old Sun’s brows furrowed slightly, and the contempt for Chen Ping in his eyes was reduced by a few points!
As for Patriarch Zhou and that Old Cao and the others, who had been blocking Chen Ping’s escape path, when they saw this scene, they were also filled with shock!
Especially Tian Luo and Tian Sha, although the two of them were at the second rank of the Mahayana realm strength, but looking at the fight just now, if the two of them were to fight Chen Ping with that punch just now, they would definitely be sent flying out of the room!
Chen Ping took a deep breath, his body flew out from that tens of metres deep pit, although he had the Unbreakable Golden Body, coupled with the Holy Light Fist, the gap in this realm was just too great, even though Chen Ping was a Golden Dragon True Body, with an exceptional natural talent, he still felt the gap at this moment!
Chen Ping moved his aching body, every joint felt like it had been smashed!
Without this Unbreakable Golden Body, coupled with the fleshly body tempering that he could have done, with that punch just now, Chen Ping might have directly turned into mush!
Mahayana Realm Fourth Grade!
It was really powerful!
Although he himself was able to cross levels, there was ultimately a limit!
Chen Ping gazed at that old Sun, his eyes growing more and more grave!
He didn’t know whether he should reveal some of his bottom cards or not!
And at this moment, Lao Sun, his face had also become grave, from the teasing at the beginning, to the current gravity, Chen Ping was using his own strength, in making the enemy a little bit in looking at himself squarely!
“This son must not be kept, or else he will definitely be a great danger to the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Old Sun’s eyes narrowed, then he took a step and his body instantly disappeared!
When Chen Ping saw this, a strange power suddenly erupted within his body!
As for Old Sun in the distance, his body was like lightning, heading straight towards Chen Ping, that speed was so fast that it almost broke the boundaries of time and space!
With this kind of speed, it would be very difficult to dodge and block even if one was at the same level of the fourth rank of the Mahayana Realm!
Chen Ping’s eyes were rounded, looking straight at that old Sun, his mouth not knowing what he was reciting, when suddenly a flash of light flashed across the entire void!
A strange force enveloped the void for tens of miles around!
Old Sun’s lightning-like body suddenly felt confined as if it was imprisoned, and its movements became slow!
The speed that was originally invisible to the naked eye was now able to be seen clearly!
Old Sun frowned and looked towards Chen Ping with a face full of incredulity!
Chen Ping, however, had already dodged to the side at this moment, and Old Sun’s body brushed past Chen Ping’s front!
This strike was surprisingly dodged by Chen Ping!