The Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace unexpectedly did not allow Chen Ping to participate in the Polar Journey and also knew that Chen Ping had come to get the Heavenly Demon Stone.
“Why? Didn’t the Palace Master find so many people to test, just for the Polar Journey? I think I can help.”
Chen Ping did not understand why the Palace Master wanted to let him go!
“Mr Chen doesn’t know, the Polar Journey is very dangerous, although it is a place where Immortals have fallen, with opportunities and unknown kinds of resources, it is also a dangerous place, if these people go, perhaps none of them will come back alive.”
“This trip to the pole can only be considered as an exploration, it is the most dangerous, so you can’t go.”
The Broad Cold Palace Palace Master said!
It turned out that this Broad Cold Palace Palace Master was not allowing Chen Ping to go because of his safety concerns!
“Since this is the case, it is all the more important for me to share the Palace Master’s worries, as long as I am able to explore this place, perhaps the Palace Master won’t have to worry about resources in the future.”
Chen Ping heard this and strengthened his thoughts even more!
Since the Palace Master of the Guanghan Palace was thinking about himself at every turn, Chen Ping had to do something as well before he could do anything!
Right now, Guanghan Palace was extremely short of resources, and it was important to know that without resources, it was very difficult for a sect to develop.
Chen Ping could just go to the polar region to explore, if he really found a resource place, then it would be a great favour to Guanghan Palace!
The Palace Master looked at Chen Ping’s insistence and did not know what to say, and finally nodded helplessly!
“Whether or not our Guanghan Palace can develop depends on this trip to the poles, following the Mu Family’s turn against us, I’m afraid that the Mu Family will never use their Supreme Fire to dual cultivate with my Guanghan Palace disciples again.”
The Palace Master sighed and said!
“Palace Master, I can double-cultivate with your Guang Han Palace disciples and help them to quickly increase their strength, although those disciples of your Guang Han Palace are not as beautiful as my women, but in order to repay Palace Master for saving my life, I’ll give it up.”
“But there are at most five people a night, I’m afraid that if there are too many, my body won’t be able to take it ……”
Chen Ping said somewhat helplessly after the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace!
He was now also treating himself as a stallion, think about the time he was treated as one when he was in the Ji Family!
But that time was fine, there were only the two sisters of the Ji Family!
But this time, Guanghan Palace was afraid that there were dozens of disciples, Chen Ping did not know if he could handle it!
“Can you?” The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace was stunned!
Chen Ping did not speak, but instead, his right hand was slightly raised, and a flame instantly gassed in his hand!
Immediately after that, the flames continued to rise, and the temperature within the entire hall was rising rapidly!
At the same time, the fire origin within Chen Ping’s body was spreading outwards in a steady stream!
“You have actually perceived the fire origin, this is much stronger than the Mu Family’s fire technique.”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace said in shock!
“There is no problem for me to double-cultivate with a disciple of your Guanghan Palace, right?”
Chen Ping put away the Supreme Flame and said with a faint smile!
“No problem, but you said that our Guang Han Palace disciples are not as beautiful as your women, could it be that you have seen all of my Guang Han Palace disciples?”
The Palace Master of the Guang Han Palace asked!
“No, but if the disciples of the Guang Han Palace were prettier than my women, you wouldn’t have used the image of my women in that illusionary formation to confuse the minds of those who entered it.”
“Do you know how much this hurts me, even though I know it’s all fake, I always feel like I’ve been put in a hat ……”
Chen Ping was upset when he remembered what happened in the illusion formation, so he glared at the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace and said!
“Hahaha, I forgot about this, at that time when the illusion array was laid down, I really hadn’t seen many stunningly beautiful women, only the women beside you were each as beautiful as the heavens, so I used their images.”
“Now the illusion array has been destroyed, when I lay the array again, I won’t be using it ……”
The Palace Master of Guanghan Palace laughed out loud and said!
“Palace Master, it’s not too late, you’d better go and call the disciples under you, five first tonight, I’ll see if I can bear it, if I can, I’ll add a few more tomorrow night.”
Chen Ping said to the Palace Master of Guanghan Palace.