How could he not have imagined that that Zhu Zhishan had found a YuanYing realm immortal cultivator to kill himself?
Facing someone with the same strength as himself, Chen Ping did not feel the slightest bit of fear, but on the contrary, his heart was filled with excitement.
He knew what this one YuanYing immortal cultivator represented to himself.
If he could kill the other party and take out the firstborn, Chen Ping’s strength might be able to rise one more step.
“How do you know I can kill him? What if my strength is no match for the other party?”
Chen Ping asked to Mr. Shi after he had read the information.
Listening to what Mr. Shi said, it was obvious that he recognized that Chen Ping would be able to kill the other party.
“If you are no match for the other party, then it will prove that you deserve your fate and that I have misjudged the person ……”
Mr. Shi finished speaking and slowly walked out the door.
Chen Ping took the information and watched as Mr. Shi’s back slowly disappeared away, a glint in his eyes, unable to see what he was thinking.
“Chen Ping, don’t let Mr. Shi down, you can do it ……”
Xing Jun said and hurriedly chased towards Mr. Shi.
After Mr. Shi and the others left, Chen Ping flipped up the information anew, muttering under his breath, “Penglai Island, Penglai Island ……”
“This Penglai Island must be a place full of spiritual energy, maybe there are some treasures, I must go and see it when I have time ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were full of fire, surprisingly, he was more and more looking forward to following that Duda to meet up soon.
…………
martial arts alliance!
Zhu Zhishan followed Duda inside.
The people in the Martial Arts Union were all surprised to see that Zhu Zhishan had lost an arm, but no one dared to ask.
Zhu Zhishan led Du Da all the way to the hall, and just as he walked into the hall, he saw a man sitting in his place, which made Zhu Zhishan instantly furious!
Although he had not been able to kill Chen Ping and those senior members of the Martial Alliance might have replaced him, but there was no official notice yet, then he was still the Alliance Leader of the Martial Alliance, so how could he let someone else sit in this position.
“b*****d, who let you sit in my seat?”
Zhu Zhishan shouted angrily!
At this moment Ning Zhi, who was sitting on his seat, looked up and after seeing that it was Zhu Zhishan, he hurriedly got up and said with a smile on his face, “So it’s Lord Zhu who has returned, the journey has been tiring, have a seat ……”
“Ning Zhi?” Zhu Zhishan looked at Ning Zhi with a puzzled expression, not understanding why Ning Zhi had appeared in the hall of the Martial Alliance.
And sitting right in his seat, and no one had even stopped him?
“How did you end up here? Who let you in?”
Zhu Zhishan questioned at Ning Zhi.
“Lord Zhu, I am now dedicated to aiding you, I am now the Alliance’s Vice Lord ……”
Ning Zhi said, holding out the jade stone that represented his identity.
Seeing the jade stone, Zhu Zhishan didn’t say anything, but he was puzzled as to how those higher-ups above, how could they suddenly pick Ning Zhi to be some sort of deputy alliance master?
However, if the top made Ning Zhi the deputy alliance leader, that meant that he, the alliance leader, was fine for the time being, although he hadn’t killed Chen Ping, but it looked like the top bra*s didn’t intend to pursue himself.
“Ning Zhi, since you are a*sisting me, do a good job, that Chen Ping destroyed your Ning family, I have already found experts, when I kill that Chen Ping, I will help you build up the Ning family again ……”
Zhu Zhishan patted Ning Zhi’s shoulder and said with the posture of an elder.
“Thank you, ally ……”
Ning Zhi smiled faintly, but deep down in his eyes, it was full of disdain.
He simply despised Zhu Zhishan now, not to mention that now that Zhu Zhishan had lost an arm, his strength had long been much less than before.
“This must be King Du, right?”
Ning Zhi looked towards Du Da and slowly extended his hand!
Du Da looked at Ning Zhi coldly, his brow slightly furrowed and a few moments of caution in his eyes as he seemed to see what was going on.