Hearing Zhao Wuji say this, Zhu Zhishan then withdrew his breath and looked at Chen Ping coldly, “Chen Ping, for the sake of Mr. Shi, I can spare you this time, but the painting that you got in the ancient tomb, you must hand it over ……”
“That is what I got my hands on, why should I give it to you, if you are capable, kill me today, there is no way I can give you that painting.”
Chen Ping knew the value of that painting, how could he possibly give it to Zhu Zhishan.
“Humph, even one like you is worthy of the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers painting, something like that in your hands is a waste ……”
Zhu Zhishan snorted angrily, “If you hand over the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map now, I can let bygones be bygones for what happened before, and I can also help you suppress the matter of you killing the two young masters of the Xuan Yuan Family and the Thunderbolt Sect.”
“Want me to hand over the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map to you, don’t dream about it, unless you kill me now and snatch it from my hands ……”
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Zhishan with a cold smile, this fellow was clearly running for the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers Map today.
Zhu Zhishan’s face turned iron blue with anger as he gritted his teeth and said viciously, “Don’t think I don’t dare to kill you ……”
A terrifying aura once again emanated from Zhu Zhishan’s body.
“Lord Zhu, if you make a move at the Protector’s Pavilion, do you want me to call Mr. Shi?”
Zhao Wuji took out his mobile phone, ready to make a call!
Zhu Zhishan fiercely glared at Zhao Wuji before puffing out in anger and saying, “We’ll see ……”
Zhu Zhishan left full of anger.
After Zhu Zhishan left, Zhao Wuji then heaved a sigh of relief, his back was already soaked through.
He had Mr. Shi’s phone number somewhere, and if Zhu Zhishan really made a move, there was nothing Zhao Wuji could do.
“Mr. Chen, it looks like you’ll have to leave Kyoto for a while and find a place to hide for a while, these guys from the Martial Alliance, they’ll do anything, although you have Mr. Shi backing you up behind you, it’s inevitable that they won’t secretly strike at you ……”
Zhao Wuji knew that it would be dangerous for Chen Ping to stay in Kyoto.
“That’s exactly what I intend to do, I plan to leave Kyoto for a while and train properly for a while before I do!”
Chen Ping hadn’t cultivated properly for a while, and now that he had the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map, he didn’t have to worry about the lack of spiritual energy, so he had to make the most of his time to cultivate and save his mother from the Dragon Family as early as possible before he could do so.
“Then there’s no time to lose, I’ll send someone to drive you out of the city with Mr. Chen now, with the people from the Dharma Protection Pavilion around, those people wouldn’t dare to lay a hand on them, if they dare to kill the official people, there’s no way to account for it.”
Zhao Wuji intended to send someone to directly send Chen Ping and Su Yuqi and the girls out of Kyoto City.
But at this moment, a member of the Shadowless Villa came running in a hurry, covered in blood.
“Mr. Chen, Mr. Chen …………”
Then the member of the Shadowless Villa shouted from the Protector’s Pavilion.
Chen Ping hurriedly flashed out from the hall and after seeing that Shadowless Villa member who was covered in wounds, Chen Ping’s brow frowned and said, “What happened?”
“Mr. Chen, the Thunderbolt Sect and the Xuan Yuan Family have jointly attacked the Shadowless Villa, this time with a vicious attack, we have lost many people, and the Villa Master and the Young Villa Master can barely hold on ……”
After that member of the Shadowless Villa finished speaking, he directly fainted.
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping’s body instantly erupted with a monstrous killing intent, before looking towards Zhao Wuji and said, “Pavilion Master Zhao, help me take care of him ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body flickered away and he hurried towards the Shadowless Villa.
Zhao Wuji wanted to say something else, but there was no time at all before Chen Ping had no trace of him!
Zhao Wuji could only send people to carry the members of the Shadowless Villa away to heal their wounds first, and rush off to tell Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er.
………………