When Zuo Tianzheng followed the youth out of the great hall, his entire being was instantly confused!
Only to see that outside the great hall, twelve cultivators with swords dressed in black, each standing like ghosts!
These twelve people were surprisingly all above the fifth rank of the Mahayana realm, and some of them were surprisingly not weaker than him at all!
With this kind of battle, if the other party was here to cause trouble, this Demon Sealing Alliance headquarters of his was probably going to be scrapped!
And in front of these twelve black-clothed cultivators, a female cultivator wearing a white Luo skirt, the female cultivator looked very young and her looks were also very clear!
Seeing the youth come out, the female cultivator then greeted them, “Yun Li, how is it?”
“Shi Lan, let’s just go to that Xiao Dynasty and wait for that Chen Ping, no matter where he is, he will definitely return to the Xiao Dynasty.”
Yun Li gently stroked Shi Lan’s hair and said!
“En!”Shi Lan nodded!
“Let’s set off ……”
Yun Li said indifferently!
“Yes, Your Highness ……”
The twelve black-clothed cultivators replied in unison!
Your Highness?
The Highness of the Ten Temples?
The son of the Lord of the Ten Temples?
When Zuo Tianzheng heard this title, his entire head went blank!
A Highness had just left last time, and now another one had come?
Then how many sons does the Lord of the Ten Temples have?
Zuo Tianzheng carefully observed, and sure enough, he found that this Yun Li had many similarities following the tenth hall master that came last time!
After knowing the other party’s identity, Zuo Tianzheng was even more cautious and followed the crowd straight to Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Have you seen that person called Chen Ping?”
On the way, Yun Li asked Zuo Tianzheng!
“I’ve seen him!”Zuo Tianzheng hurriedly nodded his head!
“Tell me about him ……,” Yun Li said!
“This …………”
Zuo Tianzheng was a little hesitant, he didn’t know where to start, after a while, he said, “Your Highness, that Chen Ping’s appearance is considered to be middle to high, his height is not very tall, it doesn’t look like there’s anything special about him, but as far as I understand it, this Chen Ping has quite a few confidantes around him.”
After Yun Li heard this, he coldly glanced at Zuo Tianzheng, “Is that what I want to hear?”
Zuo Tianzheng shuddered slightly and hurriedly continued, “Your Highness, that Chen Ping’s ninth grade strength of the Ferrying Realm, although he is able to cross over the levels, he is still struggling to deal with a fifth grade cultivator of the Mahayana Realm.”
Listening to Zuo Tianzheng’s words, Yun Li frowned slightly, “But he killed Luo Ta ……”
“What?”
Zuo Tianzheng was so shocked that his entire body almost fell from mid-air!
“Provider Luo is at the peak of the ninth level of the Mahayana realm, how could that Chen Ping have killed Provider Luo? Even if that Chen Ping was bullish, it would never be possible.”
“However, that Chen Ping had a Mr Shi behind him, his strength was unfathomable, Confessor Luo was killed by that Mr Shi and given a resurrection, as well as the Western Domain Lord, after seeing that Mr Shi, he scattered his legs and ran away!”
Zuo Tianzheng recounted Chen Ping’s matter in detail!
Yun Li didn’t seem to be too shocked, as if these things, he had also heard about them a long time ago!
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to directly let Zuo Tianzheng take himself to Xiao Dynasty to wait for Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was in Beast City, but Yun Li didn’t know where Beast City was, so in order to find Chen Ping, he could only sit and wait in Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“This Chen Ping’s identity is definitely not ordinary ……”
Yun Li said with a few moments of confusion in his eyes as he looked into the distance!
Zuo Tianzheng did not dare to chime in, after all, he did not know what Chen Ping’s identity was!
Shi Lan beside Yun Li said with some concern, “Yun Li, the person behind that Chen Ping is so powerful, will we …… go to him now?”
Shi Lan glanced at Yun Li, but the words that followed did not continue!
She also knew that Yun Li had given up his life to take on this errand in order to be with himself, in order to take her away from the Ten Temples!
However, she did not want to see Yun Li die for this!