“King Miao, who is this person?” Xia Chao said with a cold face.
“Oh, this is a fool ……,” King Miao hurriedly explained, and then shouted, “Drag this guy away and lock him up …… ”
The Miao King ordered loudly, while a few of the Dali head men went straight up and seized Chen Ping, then dragged him outwards.
Chen Ping struggled desperately, but he could not break free at all, and at this moment he pretended to have no energy at all.
“Let go of me, let go of me, Xiaolan is my ……”
Chen Ping shouted, but no one listened to him, they just dragged him away.
Seeing that Chen Ping was just an ordinary person, that Xia Chao’s face then turned a little better and smiled faintly at Miao Wang, “It seems that there are quite a few admirers of Miss Xiaolan ……”
“They are all a bunch of mere mortals, how can they compare with Sir Xia, in three days’ time, I will definitely dress Xiao Lan up beautifully and welcome Sir Xia ……”
The Miao King also smiled, the matter that Xiao Lan was born with a charming body, except for some people in the Miao Village knew about it, outsiders were not aware of it at all, so the Miao King wouldn’t follow Xia Chao’s words.
“Hahaha, then I have to hurry back and prepare, farewell ……”
Xia Chao got up and cupped his fist towards the Miao King.
“Take your time, Prince Xia, I won’t be too far to see you off ……”
The Miao King also said with an arch of his hand.
After Xia Chao walked out of the Miao fortress, a winning smile instantly appeared on his face, “Haha, the natural charm body is really a good thing, that kid is actually controlled to death by the charm technique, when I suck up the essence of that little Lan, I can also break through the Martial Sect ……”
…………
In the hall of the Miao Cottage, Xiao Lan’s nervous hands were constantly clasped together because she didn’t know if Chen Ping could carry the attack of those poisonous creatures.
Although Chen Ping had not been dispersed by the dispersing powder to scatter his power, but that room was full of highly poisonous things, and Xiaolan was afraid that Chen Ping would not be able to carry it.
Soon, the Dali head and the others returned and then reported, “Miao King, that boy Chen Ping has been thrown in, and is now screaming inside, just don’t know if he can resist for seven days to come ……”
“It doesn’t matter if he can resist or not, if I can break through the Martial Sect, it doesn’t matter if the Corpse King can be refined or not ……”
King Miao said with a faint smile.
“King Miao, do you think that Xia Chao is credible? You know that the Heavenly Martial Sect has been gaining the upper hand all these years, and they have the divine Spring Water, so why would they take the initiative to seek our cooperation and alliance? Is it just to welcome Miss Xiaolan?”
The Dali head always felt that something was not right.
“Hahahaha, do you think I would really believe that Xia Chao’s words? No matter what their intentions are, after that Xia Chao and Xiao Lan are married, I will let Xiao Lan use her charm technique to control that Xia Chao, and then let Xia Chao and his father kill each other, then the Tianwu Sect will have no leader, the whole Tianwu Sect is still not ours ……”
The Miao King’s eyes were hot, as if he saw himself already standing on top of the Tianwu Sect’s mountain gate.
“The Miao King is holy and wise …………”
As soon as the five great heads of reason heard this, they hurriedly began to patronize the horse!
“Little Lan, in these few days you are not allowed to step out of the Miao village, stay well at home, when we destroy the Heavenly Martial Sect, I will let your strength in further ……”
The Miao King said as he looked towards Xiao Lan who was looking a bit pale.
“Yes!” Xiaolan did not dare to retort even more did not dare to disobey!
“You few keep a good eye on her, don’t let her run around ……”
The Miao King was still not at ease, so he asked the five head of the Rulers to keep an eye on Xiaolan.
Originally, Xiaolan still wanted to check on Chen Ping, but now that she was being watched directly, Xiaolan didn’t have the chance to check on Chen Ping.
And at this moment, inside a sealed room in the Miao Cottage, dozens of poisons were scurrying around inside the room.
The room was dark inside, and the pervasive poisonous gas had long since filled the entire room.