“What do you think?” Lin Tianhu looked coldly at that Hou Chunlei, “If you can live today, just burn incense and worship Buddha, quickly order down, serve a few more bottles of good wine and you personally deliver them, but remember, the temple master doesn’t want to reveal his identity!”
“I know Master Tiger ……”
Hou Chunlei trembled and turned around to make arrangements!
And at this time, after Chen Ping and the others returned to the private room, there was dead silence inside the entire private room!
Everyone’s eyes were wide open, no one could believe that the man with the groveling face just now would be Lin Tianhu, the famous underground emperor of Hongcheng!
“Pa ……” Cui Zhiyuan suddenly slapped himself hard, the intense pain made him grin: “This is real, it’s not a dream, how is this possible?”
Cui Zhiyuan couldn’t believe it, what had just happened was real!
Everyone else was also dumbfounded, with a blank stare!
“Chen …… Chen Ping, you know that Lin Tianhu?”
Sun Xiaomeng asked, looking at Chen Ping with an incredulous face.
The way Chen Ping had just behaved, there wasn’t even a hint of fear, and he had even beaten up Lin Tianhu’s people, yet Lin Tianhu had come without getting angry at all.
If Chen Ping really knew Lin Tianhu, would there be any good consequences for them? They had just humiliated Chen Ping!
“I don’t know him!” Chen Ping shook his head!
Seeing Chen Ping shake his head, Sun Xiaomeng felt very puzzled, “Since you don’t know him either, then why is Lin Tianhu so polite to us?”
“I know, it must be that Lin Tianhu knows Manager Cui, didn’t you see that Lin Tianhu politely helped Manager Cui up first after he came in?” At this point, someone said loudly!
“Yes, it must be that he knows Manager Cui, I also noticed that Lin Tianhu smiling at Manager Cui at that time!”
Because just now Cui Zhiyuan had lost face, all these people also each saved their own lives, and now that it was over, of course they had to find a way to help Cui Zhiyuan get his face back, or else none of them would have a good time after work!
“Zhiyuan, what the hell is going on here? Do you recognise Lin Tianhu or not?”
Sun Xiaomeng was all confused.
If Cui Zhiyuan really knew Lin Tianhu, he wouldn’t have been so scared that he fell to his knees and even peed his trousers at first, it obviously didn’t seem like he was faking!
But if he said he didn’t know him, then why would Lin Tianhu help ask for his family’s foreign debt back?
And just now, Lin Tianhu did help Cui Zhiyuan up personally, and he even apologized frequently!
What the hell is going on here?
Not only was Sun Xiaomeng confused, but everyone else was confused as well.
When Cui Zhiyuan saw this, his eyes rolled before he said, “I’m not going to lie, I really haven’t met Lin Tianhu, but I have a friend who said he knows Lin Tianhu very well, and the two of them often eat together, so maybe my friend has mentioned me in front of Lin Tianhu, or has seen my photo, so after seeing me, Lin Tianhu recognized me right away. ”
That was the only way Cui Zhiyuan could explain it now, otherwise he really had no way to explain his kneeling and peeing his trousers!
As soon as Cui Zhiyuan explained it in this way, the crowd looked like they were suddenly enlightened.
But even though it was over, they weren’t in the mood to play anymore, after all, they were all P*ssing their trousers in fear, and they couldn’t play with their trousers wet!
Just as Cui Zhiyuan was about to leave with the others, suddenly Hou Chunlei pushed open the door of the private room with his men!
When he saw Hou Chunlei coming, Cui Zhiyuan’s face turned pale with fear and the others retreated!
Seeing this, Hou Chunlei hurriedly explained, “Gentlemen, just now it was my fault for not asking the reason, I am here to make amends, here are two bottles of Louis XIII, all of you can try them, if there is anything you need, you can call me at any time ……”