-After hearing Liu Rui’s words, Chen Ping understood that Yue Buqun was probably afraid that Liu Xing and Liu Rui would be disturbed by the outside world and would affect their training!
As there was still time before the plane took off, Chen Ping took Liu Xing and Liu Rui around Qingcheng.
However, because of its remote location, Qingcheng was not a big city, nor was it too prosperous, and could not be compared to Kyoto.
But to Liu Xing and Liu Rui, everything was so new!
Looking at them like that, Chen Ping felt sorry for them!
But as Chen Ping was strolling around, there was a sudden, unmistakable aura that stopped Chen Ping in his tracks!
“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong?”
Liu Rui saw that expression on Chen Ping’s face and asked curiously.
“The people from the Demon Heart Sect ……”
After Chen Ping said this, his body leapt up and disappeared in an instant!
Liu Xing and Liu Rui saw this and hurriedly jumped up and chased after them!
Soon, the three of them arrived at a ma*s grave on the outskirts of the countryside, where there were stone graves everywhere!
In the middle of the ma*s grave, three figures were fighting fiercely!
Two of them were dressed in black robes, with a golden symbol flashing on their chests – the two Black Gold Robes of the Demon Heart Sect!
The two black and gold robes were fighting against a man whose whole body was wrapped in rock and who was as tall as a giant, over two metres tall!
“Mr. Chen, what is going on here?”
Liu Rui came to Chen Ping’s side and asked in a small voice.
Chen Ping shook his head, he didn’t know what was going on, why he had come across the Black Gold Robe of the Demon Heart Sect here, and who was the man the two Black Gold Robe were dealing with!
The two Black Gold Robes were both Martial Saints, and together they beat the stone-encased giant backwards!
Boom! …………
Suddenly, there was a loud explosion and the giant was sent flying by the Black Gold Robe’s fist, and the boulders wrapped around him broke apart!
The giant’s body was revealed, and underneath the huge rocks was the body of a petite woman!
The woman’s mouth was bleeding and her eyes were filled with panic!
“Don’t make a fearless struggle, come with us and save yourself the pain!”
A black and gold robe said to the woman.
“I don’t even know you, so why should I come with you?” the woman said, shaking her head.
The woman shook her head and said.
“If that’s the case, then we’re not to blame. ……”
The two black and gold robes charged directly at the woman!
The woman’s hands plunged into the ground, and then an earthy yellow light flashed around her body, followed by a thick layer of rock that once again encased her!
“Barrier of Earth …………”
The woman shouted angrily, a light shot out, and all the rocks in the rocky granite suddenly floated into the air.
Immediately afterwards, these boulders flew to form a barrier in front of the woman’s face!
The bodies of the two black and gold robes were like cannonballs, ignoring the barrier formed by the boulders and smashing it directly.
The barrier was so weak and fragile in front of the two black and gold robes!
Boom …………
The woman’s body was struck again, this time flying dozens of metres away, and the rocks wrapped around her body shattered in the air!
The woman’s body fell heavily to the ground and a mouthful of blood gushed out!
Although her injuries were severe, they were not life-threatening. It was clear that the two black and gold robes wanted to capture the woman alive, not to kill her.
“Two stinking men, how dare they bully a woman, shameless ……”
Liu Rui said in a straightforward, angry voice.
But although Liu Rui was angry, she didn’t dare to take action easily because Yue Buqun had told them not to cause trouble outside!
“This woman has a special body type?”
Chen Ping frowned as he watched the spell the woman had just performed! —