“Time’s up, you’re going back to your cell.”
“At this time tomorrow, I will be waiting for you here ……”
Bai Cheng looked at Chen Ping and said in a cold voice!
“But I don’t want to go back ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his eyes looked towards the bronze bell that was hundreds of metres away!
With a wave of his hand, a spiritual light arrived instantly, and that bronze bell was directly split into pieces, instantly silent!
Seeing that Chen Ping had actually damaged the items within the large prison, Bai Cheng was slightly stunned.
Everyone else was also shocked!
Although the prisoners here could fight with each other, they could never damage the items within the dungeon, and there were rules within the dungeon that had to be followed!
When the time to let off steam was up, one would have to return to the cell in order to do so!
For so many years, there had never been a single person who dared to break the rules within the dungeon!
But now, Chen Ping not only disobeyed the rules within the prison, he even destroyed the bronze bell within the prison!
This was simply lawless!
Brother Missy looked at Chen Ping with a worried face, even if Chen Ping was powerful, it was impossible for him to follow the entire dungeon guards and fight against them!
Even if Chen Ping was powerful, it would be impossible for him to fight against the entire City Lord’s Mansion, the entire Beast City!
The other cultivators also looked on in shock, not knowing what to do for a moment!
Some cultivators began to return to their cells, while others waited slowly, wanting to see what would happen to Chen Ping!
“Damn, you brat is too crazy, you dare to disobey the rules of the prison, and you also damaged that bronze bell!”
A guard came running from a distance!
This guard was three to four metres tall, his weight was estimated to be thousands of pounds, and when he ran quickly, he was like a small mountain!
Every foot landing, the earth followed the trembling, this time the many cultivators all four everyone held their breath and stared, heart thumping, big prison guards out, all become honest!
The guard grabbed towards Chen Ping, but Chen Ping reached out and directly grabbed the guard’s wrist!
The guard’s figure instantly stopped, no matter how hard he pushed, there was no way he could move in the slightest!
“I don’t want to hurt you, so don’t mind your own business, get lost!”
Chen Ping casually threw his hand, the guard was unexpectedly thrown out directly, falling heavily on the ground, stirring up a gust of dust!
The scene was silent, everyone was dumbfounded!
No one expected that Chen Ping would dare to take action against the guard, this was simply the reverse of the Big Dipper!
Even that Bai Cheng had a flash of surprise swept across his eyes!
“Kid, you even dared to hit the guards, you do have some guts!”
Bai Cheng said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping only smiled faintly, then slowly turned his head and looked behind him into the white mist not far away!
In this direction, that Captain Zhou was spying on everything!
When he saw Chen Ping looking in this direction, Captain Zhou was slightly stunned, and the two of them looked at each other as if they could see each other!
However, Chen Ping only glanced at it and turned his head back again!
“Captain, this brat broke the rules and beat up our guards, he absolutely cannot be spared.”
One of the guards beside Captain Zhou was filled with anger and said!
“Inform down, the release time is extended for ten minutes, after ten minutes, everyone must return to their cells, otherwise shoot on sight!”
Captain Zhou said!
When that guard heard that, he opened his mouth, but in the end, he said nothing and went to convey it!
“All prisoners listen, the release time is extended for ten minutes, after ten minutes you must return to your cell, otherwise you will be killed on sight!”
The guard shouted!
“Holy sh*t, what’s the situation, the air release was extended for ten minutes? Because of this kid?”
“What’s this kid’s origin, changing all the rules of the big prison.”
“Too awesome, maybe this kid behind the big man ah!”
Numerous cultivators were talking about Chen Ping’s identity!!!!