Hu Puzi’s phrase Demonic Beast clearly made that Tiger Li Daxian unhappy.
A breath burst out from that Tiger Power Great Immortal and instantly struck Pocky Hu!
Hu Ma Zi let out a muffled grunt and fell straight to the ground, his face was grim, he should be in pain!
Zhao Barging had by now turned pale with fear, he had never seen such a man before!
Only Chen Ping had a grave face, his eyebrows knitted together tightly!
“Tiger Li Tai Sin, this guy is Chen Ping ……”
Du Ziteng pointed at Chen Ping and said after that Tiger Li Daxian.
Tiger Li Daxian got up and slowly walked down, before walking towards Chen Ping.
As he got closer and closer, that aura on Tiger Li Daxian’s body felt more and more obvious!
This aura, which was clearly distinct from that of a human, could conclude that the guy in front of him was a real tiger spirit, and not a human dressed up.
Demon tigers take shape, and can only change when they reach the realm of transformation above YuanYing.
Not all demonic beasts can take on human form when they reach the realm of transformation, the conditions are very demanding.
This demonic tiger in front of me, although it has transformed into a human body, has a tiger’s head, so it has obviously not transformed into a form!
It is very likely that the demonic tiger in front of him did not reach the realm of transformation, but borrowed external power to forcefully transform into human form, and as a result, the power used to do so collapsed, thus resulting in the current appearance of a human body with a tiger’s head.
“Ah …………”
As Tiger Li Daxian got closer and closer, Du Nan actually involuntarily shrieked out in alarm!
This had scared Du Ziteng half to death!
Seeing that Tiger Li Daxian had turned his head to look over, Du Ziteng hurriedly pleaded, “Tiger Li Daxian, this is my dog’s son, my dog’s son is ignorant and has disturbed Tiger Li Daxian, I will definitely reprimand him heavily!”
But Tiger Power Great Immortal didn’t pay any attention and once again placed his gaze on Chen Ping’s body!
Tiger Li Daxian looked Chen Ping up and down, and a bright light emerged from his eyes!
“Great, great, such a good body, it’s hard to find in this world ……”
There was greed in Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes.
Then Tiger Li Daxian reached out his hand and gently stroked Chen Ping’s body, which almost disgusted Chen Ping to death!
But when Tiger Li Daxian’s hand, touched Chen Ping’s body, it instantly froze and his eyes revealed incredulity!
Before Tiger Li Daxian could react, Chen Ping slammed his fist out, hitting Tiger Li Daxian’s chest with a fierce blow!
With this sudden attack, Tiger Li Daxian had no time to react and was directly smashed out of the way!
His body crashed heavily into the seat behind him, smashing it to pieces!
This sudden turn of events stunned Du Ziteng on the sidelines!
Tiger Li Daxian got up, full of anger, and a terrifying and intimidating pressure began to pervade, scaring Du Ziteng and pulling Du Nan backwards!
“Du Ziteng, you dare to deceive this Immortal …………”
Tiger Power Immortal looked at Du Ziteng!
Du Ziteng felt the intimidating pressure and fell to his knees in fear: “Tiger Power Immortal, my subordinate would never dare to deceive you, that Chen Ping did take the pills, just don’t know why, his power is still there!”
Du Ziteng really couldn’t understand how Chen Ping hadn’t lost his power!
“A small dissipation pill, and you want me to lose my kung fu?”
Chen Ping laughed coldly, then looked at that Tiger Li Daxian: “You are just a demonic beast that has become a spirit, and you dare to call yourself an immortal, what a big talk ……”
“Hmph, a mere YuanYing, you dare to shout at me in the Realm of Transformation ……”
Tiger Li Daxian snorted coldly!
“If you really reached the Realm of Transformation, how would you have a human body and a tiger’s head, you must have forced your illusion with the help of other powers, and as a result, the external power collapsed, causing your current appearance of not human but not tiger ……”
Chen Ping sneered and said.
Tiger Li Daxian’s face instantly changed and his eyes slightly stared, “Even if I have not reached the Realm of Transformation, I can still poke and prod you ……”
After saying that, that Tiger Li Daxian raised his hand and struck a seal, which cut through space and entered Chen Ping’s body in the blink of an eye!