Chen Ping can hardly protect himself now, if he is protecting the two of them, then he will really be unable to do so, and he is afraid that Tiger Li Daxian will catch a break from it.
“Chen Ping, now that we have recovered our kung fu, we are coming over to help you deal with this tiger spirit’s ……”
Hu Ma Zi said, straight towards that Tiger Li Daxian.
“You demonic beast, you don’t stay honestly in the cave, how dare you make waves, in a moment I will skin your tiger, draw your tiger tendons, and make you become a dead tiger ……”
Hu Pazi insulted Tiger Li Daxian!
“You seek death ……”
Tiger Li Daxian’s teeth gnashed, he didn’t expect a small jindan cultivator to dare to speak wildly to himself!
Tiger Li Daxian took a step forward, then slammed his fist towards Hu Ma Zi.
“Be careful ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that Pocky Hu was no match for that Tiger Li Daxian, so he leapt up and met him with a fist.
At this moment, Hu Pazzi hurriedly took out a talisman, bit through his finger, and wrote a spell in blood on top of the talisman!
With an instant throw of the talisman in his hand, he stuck it directly to Chen Ping’s back!
“Zhao Barging ……”
Pocky Hu then shouted out towards Zhao Barging.
“Got it, Master Hu ……”
Zhao Barging understood what Pocky Hu meant and stepped forward to grab Pocky Hu’s hand as a stream of powerful qi pa*sed into Pocky Hu’s body!
While Hu Ma Zi recited the words, the talisman behind Chen Ping’s back, flashed with a red light.
Soon, a stream of spiritual energy entered Chen Ping’s body.
This was Hu Ma Zi using the talisman again, channeling his own spiritual energy into Chen Ping’s body!
Although Zhao Chuang was not much stronger, at this time, a small mosquito was still meat!
If he could channel a little bit more to Chen Ping, it was a little bit!
“I’ll do it too ……”
Seeing this, Du Nan at the side stepped forward and grabbed Zhao Barging, emitting the little spiritual energy in his own body instantly as well.
And at this moment, Chen Ping suddenly felt that within his originally depleted dantian, it instantly became filled to overflowing and his body was filled with power!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but look back, his eyes full of surprise!
“Chen Ping, we are now sending our spiritual energy into your body, so you can beat up this tiger spirit without worry ……”
Hu Ma Zi shouted at Chen Ping.
Only then did Chen Ping understand that it was Hu Ma Zi and the others who were behind the spiritual energy he was sending to him!
This time, Chen Ping instantly had the upper hand, after following that Tiger Li Daxian’s fist against each other!
There was a violent explosion, and the body of Tiger Li Daxian smashed heavily against the stone statue like a kite with a broken string!
The stone statue emitted a light and sent Tiger Li Tai Sin’s body flying!
This blow made Tiger Li Daxian’s face turn ugly and blood flowed out of his mouth!
Chen Ping looked at the injured Tiger Li Daxian with a bit of teasing in his eyes!
“A bunch of ignorant little kids, I have lived for thousands of years, how could I be defeated by you ……”
“Today I will make you all pay a painful price ……”
With these words, Tiger Li Tai Sin’s body began to radiate light, followed by his entire body lying on the ground and began to slowly shrink!
In the end, he actually turned directly into a tiger and returned to his original body!
After returning to his original body, Tiger Li Daxian knew that if he wanted to transform into a human form, it would be more difficult than climbing to heaven!
But the matter had come to this, he had no other choice.
“Roar …………”
Tiger Li Daxian let out a roar, followed by an instant spit of spiritual energy from his mouth, smashing fiercely at Chen Ping!
Boom …………
With a loud bang, that spiritual power instantly exploded on Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body was flooded with golden light, he didn’t dodge at all, he didn’t even move a muscle!
“How is this …… possible?”
Tiger Li Daxian was instantly shocked.
“Do you think that by turning back into a beast, you are my opponent?”
Chen Ping sneered, then his body flickered away!