“Is this too hot? How come it feels as if the rocks on that island are burning red?”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown.
“This is a volcanic island, the rocks on the island are all formed by volcanic eruptions, the reason it’s so hot now is because the volcano under the island is just about to erupt again!”
“That’s why these rocks have become dark red and hot.”
Hu Ma Zi followed Chen Ping and explained.
“sh*t, you’re not playing with me, are you? How can a hundred eye gra*s grow in a place like this?”
Chen Ping was amazed.
“The harsher this kind of place is, the better the Hundred Eye Gra*s will grow, you’re a medicine man, you don’t even understand this ……”
Hu Pazi gave Chen Ping a blank look, then leapt up and landed on top of the island!
When Chen Ping saw this, he could only follow and get on the island.
Just as his feet hit the ground, a scorching sensation made his feet become very uncomfortable!
Chen Ping could only concentrate his spiritual energy on his feet so that he could feel more comfortable!
Hu Ma Zi, on the other hand, pulled out two talismans and stuck them under his feet as he continued to walk forward!
As they continued to go deeper and deeper, the heat wave became more and more difficult to resist.
“Are we there yet?”
Chen Ping asked as he wiped the sweat from his forehead.
“It’s just ahead!”
Hu Ma Zi was also breathless from the heat!
Only Ge Yuhan remained expressionless, as Chen Ping walked she walked, and as Chen Ping stopped, she stopped ……
Soon, several people came to a deep pit, and Hu Ma Zi pointed to the deep pit and said, “The Hundred Eye Gra*s is inside.”
Chen Ping looked downwards, then looked at Hu Ma Zi: “Isn’t this a volcanic crater? The lava is rolling inside, can there be Hundred Eyes Gra*s?”
Chen Ping didn’t believe that hundred-eye gra*s could grow in a place like this!
“Forget it if you don’t believe me, I’m not lying to you anyway ……”
After Hu Ma Zi finished speaking, he took out his water bottle and drank it with a gulp!
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, and could only look at the deep pit again, only to see a wave of heat constantly surging upwards inside, the way that volcano was about to erupt at any moment!
Picking up a rock, Chen Ping threw it straight in!
But when the stone fell inside the lava, it instantly turned into a wisp of smoke!
“This …… how do I take this?”
Chen Ping had a difficult look on his face!
“You have a strong flesh body, plus an undefeatable golden body, you are still afraid of this heat!”
“If you can’t, let that little b*tch go down, she is even stronger than you in flesh anyway, and she doesn’t feel it at all!”
Hu Ma Zi pointed at Ge Yu Han and said.
“How would that work, even if she went down there, she wouldn’t know how to pick at all, and she would know even less about what the Hundred Eye Gra*s is!”
Chen Ping shook his head straight away, then looked at the deep pit again, feeling the rolling heat wave, and continued, “Master Hu, do you have any talisman that can ward off this heat wave and pick that Hundred Eyes Gra*s off?”
“What do you think? If I had that skill, the Hundred Eyes Gra*s would have been gone long ago, why would it be your turn to come here?”
Hu Ma Zi rolled his eyes!
“Then give me some fire-avoiding charms, you can’t say you don’t have such charms, can you?”
Chen Ping continued to ask.
“I have a fire-avoidance talisman, but it’s useless, because the flames here, are the fire of the earth’s core, the fire-avoidance talisman won’t work at all.”
“If you don’t believe me, just try it out for you!”
Hu Ma Zi said, then pulled out a talisman, followed by reciting a few incantations!
He then threw the incantation into the deep pit!
Before the talisman could fall to the bottom of the pit, it was directly ignited by the heat wave and instantly turned into ashes!
“See, I didn’t lie to you, did I?”
Pocky Hu said with a show of hands.
Chen Ping was speechless for a while and looked at the deep pit again, his heart beating in his chest, he didn’t want to turn into a roast suckling pig!
“Master Hu, then is there any other place that still has the Hundred Eye Gra*s, let’s change places!”
Chen Ping wanted to look somewhere else, he really didn’t dare to go down here!
“No more, I only know this one place, if you don’t go down, then I’m leaving ……”
Hu Pazi said, turning around to leave!