“Of course, I just don’t know if they can make it in three days time, I’ll have them come as soon as possible!”After Chen Ping finished speaking, he did not delay any further but directly contacted Gu Tianzhao.
Chen Ping used a voice transmission jade slip to contact Gu Tianzhao, “Gu Tianzhao, Pill God Island is facing an attack from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, quickly bring the people from the Two Yi Sect to support them, they can come through the Pill Masters’ Association’s teleportation array, make sure to arrive as soon as possible!”
After Gu Tianzhao received Chen Ping’s order, without stopping, he started rushing to the Pill God Island with the people from the Two Yi Sect!
As for Chen Ping, after following Ouyang Xing and saying a few words, he took Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng into the Pill Cauldron Mountain!
With three days to spare, Chen Ping had to make use of every single second before he could do so!
Pill Cauldron Mountain, mysterious and ancient, the mountain was filled with a rich aura and mysterious aura.
After entering the Pill Cauldron Mountain, Chen Ping found that there were quite a few Immortal Grasses around the Pill Cauldron Mountain, and they were of a very high grade! These Immortal Grasses shone with a strange light under the sunlight, as if they were telling of their preciousness and mystery.
“Wow, so many immortal herbs!”Nie Heng shouted excitedly, his eyes filled with greed and surprise.
Ruyan Liu was also captivated by the sight before her and couldn’t help but exclaim, “This is truly a treasure trove of immortal herbs!”
Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan were so happy to see these immortal herbs that they began to pick them!
There were also quite a few cultivators who were mesmerised by the immortal grasses in front of them and stopped to pick them!
In that case, it would be a long delay!
Some cultivators took one look and didn’t stop, heading towards the Pill Cauldron Mountain! They knew deep down that the depths of the Pill Cauldron Mountain might be hiding even more precious treasures and inheritances.
“Alright, stop picking, we must hurry!”Chen Ping said to Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng.
He was clear in his mind that his purpose of entering the Pill Cauldron Mountain was to come for the inheritance of the Pill God, not for this bit of immortal grass.
“Good!”Although Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng were a little reluctant, they still obeyed Chen Ping’s words and stopped picking.
Just after Nie Heng saw an Immortal Grass and intended to pick this Immortal Grass, the earth suddenly trembled!
Accompanied by a demonic beast’s roar, a huge black demonic snake rushed out from the ground, opening its bloody mouth towards Nie Heng!
The demonic snake’s body was huge, its black scales flashing with a cold light, and its eyes were filled with ferocity and brutality.
Chen Ping was quick on his feet and pulled Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan, using the Fireproof Steps to dodge the demon snake’s attack!
However, there were several other cultivators who were gleefully picking the immortal herbs, and the sudden appearance of the demonic snake caught them off guard!
One cultivator was quickly swallowed by the demonic snake in one bite! He didn’t even have time to let out a scream before he disappeared into the mouth of the demonic snake.
“Demonic beast, how can there be a demonic beast here?”There were also hurried cultivators who kept retreating in fear, their faces pale and their legs weak.
“When we entered the Pill Cauldron Mountain, Daolord Ouyang warned that pill masters with low strength shouldn’t enter the Pill Cauldron Mountain, it would be dangerous, but no one listened.”An experienced cultivator said, his face filled with helplessness and regret.
“It seems that there are quite a few demonic beasts on this Pill Cauldron Mountain, it’s really dangerous without strength!”Another cultivator said, his voice filled with fear and regret.
The few other remaining cultivators were all filled with embarrassment, most of those who were able to be attracted by the Immortal Herb, and who had stopped in their tracks, were also Pill Masters with low strength!
Originally, they didn’t believe in Ouyang Xing’s words at all, but now the sudden appearance of the demonic snake directly made these people afraid, and there were even some who beat a retreat!
“What can we do about this? Are we going to die here?”A timid cultivator trembled and said.