But now this strange person in front of him, did not have a sea of consciousness at all, so the Demon Drawing Whip was useless!
Chen Ping put away the Demon Drawing Whip, and the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand, fell with a roar.
Ten thousand sword awns surrounded that strange person.
But those ten thousand sword awns, which similarly traversed through, did not cause any damage to that strange man either!
This time, Chen Ping panicked, according to the fact that the strange man in front of him should seem to have an original body, how could he not even cause any damage to the Dragon Chopping Sword?
Just as Chen Ping was pondering, the strange man struck out, once again knocking Chen Ping back.
Chen Ping spewed out another mouthful of blood, his face becoming even more unsightly!
For a moment, no matter what means Chen Ping used, he could not hurt the strange man in the slightest, instead, he could only take a beating.
Chen Ping was not attacking anymore, instead, he was using his Royal Fire Steps to constantly dodge and pondered on how to deal with this fellow.
How could Chen Ping defeat an almost invincible existence?
Even if he consumed like this, Chen Ping would not be able to consume the other party, but he had a large formation that constantly delivered power!
Within this grand formation, this blood red monster was almost invincible!
“Is it only possible to break the formation first?”
Chen Ping frowned, not knowing what to do at all!
The more Chen Ping was in a hurry, the more he made himself move sluggishly, constantly don’t that blood-coloured strange man hit!
Luckily, Chen Ping had an Unbreakable Golden Body, coupled with his own strong physical body, which prevented him from being crushed!
If it was anyone else, they would have been beaten to ashes by now!
The second rank of the Transition Realm versus a cultivator at the peak of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm, even if you were a genius, it was impossible!
Such a large realm gap could not be made up for by relying on talent!
“Chen, don’t be in a hurry, first try to trap this guy, then what about breaking the formation, as long as you can break the formation, this guy will be no threat.”
Ochre Yan comforted Chen Ping who was already a little anxious.
If Chen Ping continued like this, even in his strong body, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to carry it anymore!
“I’ll try ……”
Chen Ping listened to Ochre Yan’s words Chen Ping began to stabilise himself, using his body to dodge, and then pinched his spell!
Chen Ping was going to lay down a small formation to trap the blood-coloured monster in the middle of this big formation!
Along with Chen Ping’s strangulation, a golden iron chain instantly appeared on the ground!
Chen Ping used the formation plus the golden origin to trap the blood-coloured monster!
A golden iron chain tragically wrapped around the blood-coloured monster’s legs, followed by wrapping the body as well!
The blood-coloured strange man struggled and continuously let out bursts of hissing!
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not care about the blood-coloured monster, his eyes rushed to look into the surrounding grand formation!
The formation patterns on the ground were still flowing with blood!
The blood of these demonic cultivators was constantly providing power to that blood-coloured monster!
The formation patterns were incredibly complex, and Chen Ping frowned as he searched for where the eyes of the formation were!
That blood-coloured monster kept hissing, which made Chen Ping more and more anxious, the more this happened, the less he could find where the eye of the formation was!
Clattering …………
Suddenly, the chain that was entangling the Scarlet Monster, directly broke into several sections.
Freed from its bonds, the Scarlet Freak went straight towards Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, be careful ……”
Seeing this, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder shouted out a reminder to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was so startled that he did not have time to make any movements before he was sent flying by the blood-coloured monster’s slap!
Chen Ping’s body hit the edge of the grand formation hard before being bounced back!
“Cough cough cough …………”
Chen Ping coughed violently as blood continued to drip from his mouth!
This time, everyone became even more worried!
Chen Ping fought to get up, coldly looking at the blood-coloured monster in front of him, and between the flashes of his mind, the Dragon Tattoo Bell suddenly appeared in mid-air!
The huge dragon patterned bell let out a humming sound, and the entire void was shaken with ripples!
The dragon pattern bell then enveloped down towards the blood-coloured monster!