Chen Ping and Fan Jiang’s conversation instantly P*ssed off those two men in black!
“You two Daxia people, hurry up and get the hell out of here, or else you will all die here ……”
A man in black, full of murderous aura, looked at Chen Ping and Fan Jiang and said.
At this moment, Anna also looked at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, you should leave my affairs alone, you should take your friends and go, these people of theirs are very powerful.”
“I would love to see how powerful these people are.”
Chen Ping smiled, and then gave a wink towards Fan Jiang!
Fan Jiang nodded, then leapt up in his body and headed towards the two men in black!
“Chen Ping, you are no match for them, these people of theirs are all Martial Marquis, you’d better leave now ……”
Anna saw that Fan Jiang had actually made a move and hurriedly said to Chen Ping.
But just as Anna’s words fell, two miserable screams could be heard!
Only to see the two men in black, who were now covering their eyes with both hands!
And on the snowy ground, four eyeballs were conspicuously embedded in the snow!
The two men in black had blood coming out of their fingers!
Anna was dumbfounded by this!
“No need to be looking at things now either, you unblinking thing.”
Fan Jiang snorted coldly.
And the other two men in black who were following Andrew in the tussle all rushed over after hearing the screams!
Andrew could not support himself anymore and his body was covered with wounds, but as soon as the two men in black left, he was relieved!
When the other two men in black arrived, they saw that the eyes of their two companions were already hollow and their eyeballs were missing!
This instantly caused the two men to be shocked!
The four of them knew each other’s strength like the back of their hands, and the one who could instantly gouge out their two companions’ eyeballs must be much stronger than them!
Thinking of this, the two remaining men in black, holding their companions, turned around and ran.
“Want to run?”
Seeing this, Fan Jiang’s body leapt up, instantly stopping those four men in black!
Immediately afterwards, both claws came out again, and the remaining two men in black followed with a miserable scream, and the eyes of these two men in black were also gouged out.
This time, all four men in black became blind!
One by one, they screamed miserably and collided with each other, unable to find their way!
Fan Jiang’s skillfulness made Anna and that Andrew look stunned.
It was only when Fan Jiang walked back that Anna couldn’t help but ask Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, what exactly is the strength of this friend of yours? How can he be so powerful?”
Chen Ping smiled, “He’s just a peak Martial Martial Marquis, he can’t even break through the Grand Martial Marquis.”
When Fan Jiang heard this, he was immediately embarra*sed.
He hadn’t been able to break through to Great Martial Marquis for twenty years.
If someone had said that about him in the past, Fan Jiang would have been furious!
But now that Chen Ping had said this about him, Fan Jiang had no temper at all.
After all, it had only taken Chen Ping just over a year to break through to the realm of Grand Martial Marquis!
This talent coupled with the disparity in strength made Fan Jiang admire Chen Ping to the core.
Hearing that Fan Jiang was a Martial Marquis at the peak, Anna and that Andrew all had admiration and incredulity in their eyes!
Although Andrew was also a Martial Marquis, he was only a newly promoted Martial Marquis, and there was no telling when he would be able to reach the peak of Martial Marquis.
But soon, Anna seemed to feel that something was wrong, so she asked Chen Ping, “You just said he was a Martial Marquis, and that’s all? You don’t seem to be able to look at this Martial Marquis peak, so what is your own strength?”
“Me? I’m now a fifth grade Martial Marquis.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“You’re just bragging, you can reach Fifth Grade Grand Martial Marquis at your age? You know that a year ago you were just a Grand Master.”
Anna did not believe Chen Ping’s words at all.
After all, a year ago Chen Ping was only a Grand Zongzi, how could he have reached the Fifth Grade Grand Martial Marquis in a year.
It was simply impossible!
Andrew relied on his status as a bear man to cultivate fast, and it had taken him a year to go from Martial Sect to Martial Marquis, and he had eaten an unknown amount of cultivation resources during that time!