“We’re not from the Demon Sealing Alliance, I’m the empress of this Demon Emperor City, how could I possibly avenge the Feng family.”
When Bai Shao heard this, she hurriedly explained aloud!
“Empress?”General Qian hurriedly got up and sized up Bai Shao, “You say you are the Empress, do you have any evidence?”
“I have evidence again, can you recognise it? You get those people from Fox Emperor City here, they’ll definitely know me.”
Bai Shao planned to have her former men recognise her, and her identity would be confirmed!
“General, don’t listen to these guys, they are the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance, now record it and just leave these four people at my disposal.”
Zhang Longhu said to General Qian!
General Qian nodded, “Good, I will report to Emperor Xiao and say that four more people from the Demon Sealing Alliance have been captured ……”
When Bai Qian heard this, she was so angry that she was close to cursing!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, spoke up at this time, “I have a token here that can prove our identity.”
“What token?”
General Qian asked as he sized up Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s mind moved, and the token of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty flew out directly from the storage ring!
General Qian reached out and took the token directly in his hand!
The moment he saw the token, his entire body trembled and he almost did not directly kneel down!
General Qian trembled as he went to untie Chen Ping and the others!
“Wait!”Chen Ping immediately called out to stop that General Qian, and then glanced at that Zhang Longhu, “Whoever tied us up has to untie us!”
When General Qian heard this, he instantly understood what Chen Ping meant and immediately said to Zhang Longhu, “Don’t untie us quickly ……”
“General, what are you …… doing?”
Zhang Longhu was full of confusion, not understanding what was going on with General Qian!
“I f*cking told you to untie, are you deaf ……”
General Qian fiercely kicked that Zhang Longhu, this kick was very heavy, and directly sent Zhang Longhu flying out!
Afterwards, Zhang Longhu climbed up and ran in a panic to untie Chen Ping and the others!
“I believe you are Mr Chen? I’m really sorry, it’s because we have eyes but no eyes, I hope Mr Chen won’t be blamed!”
General Qian respectfully held the token in both hands and handed it back to Chen Ping!
He only knew that Emperor Xiao had granted a token to a fellow Daoist surnamed Chen, but he did not know Chen Ping.
At this moment, that Zhang Longhu also saw the token, and when he saw that the token was personally awarded by Emperor Xiao, he fell to his knees with a plop!
How could he not expect that such a small cultivator of the seventh grade of the Transition Realm would have so much energy that Emperor Xiao would personally grant the token!
“Mr Chen, I’m wrong, you’re the one who’s not remembering, it’s my dog’s eyes that are looking down on people.”
Zhang Longhu kowtowed desperately!
This was because he knew that with a word from Chen Ping now, General Qian would kill him without hesitation!
With the token in his hand, it was like the presence of Emperor Xiao himself, General Qian had several heads, but he wouldn’t dare to go against Chen Ping’s wishes!
“Mr Chen, this bastard, how dare he kidnap you guys, I will behead him here, to take out the anger for Mr Chen ……”
After General Qian finished speaking, he was about to slap his palm at that Zhang Longhu!
Instead, Chen Ping shot out and directly grabbed General Qian’s wrist!
“Forget it, spare him for once!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
General Qian looked at Chen Ping in shock, his face full of incredulity!
One must know that he himself was a peak cultivator of the First Grade of the Mahayana Realm, and would soon be honoured at the Second Grade Realm!
A casual strike was not something that a Ferry Realm cultivator could stop!
However, Chen Ping easily grabbed his wrist, making that General Qian unable to move a single muscle!
General Qian’s eyes popped out in shock!
At this moment, he finally realised why Emperor Xiao had given Chen Ping the token, so Chen Ping was not as simple as they had seen him!
If Chen Ping was just an ordinary Transition Realm Cultivator, how could he have fallen into Xiao Yuan Shan’s eyes!