When Chen Ping heard this, he remembered that Minnie had told him that Ji Ruixue was going to move the Red Lotus Palace to the capital.
He didn’t expect it to move so soon.
“Good, let’s go over and take a look!”
Chen Ping knew that Ji Ru Xue had moved the Red Lotus Palace over for her sake, so he would go over and see what Ji Ru Xue needed help with.
By the time Chen Ping followed Gu Ling’er out, he found that Ge Yuhan, Xiao Ru and the others were all there, probably wanting to go to the Red Lotus Palace together!
The group followed Minnie towards the Red Lotus Palace!
Ji Ru Xue had chosen the Red Lotus Palace to be located some distance away from Kyoto, it was remote and although it was a bit inconvenient, it was also a place of peace and quiet!
After all, the Red Lotus Palace was all female and would inevitably attract some prying eyes!
Only when he arrived did Chen Ping realise that the Red Lotus Palace had chosen a place where the conditions were a bit difficult, and that some of the living facilities were not quite perfect!
And there were obviously a lot less people inside the Red Lotus Palace, many of them were busy!
“Mandy, how come there are still so few people in your Red Lotus Palace?”
Chen Ping asked in amazement.
“Many people are unwilling to leave, so only these people have come along ……”
Mandy explained!
There was an indescribable feeling on Chen Ping’s face, she knew that all this was done by Ji Ru Xue for him.
But what could he give Ji Ru Xue?
When Chen Ping saw Ji Ru Xue, he found that Ji Ru Xue’s face was tinged with a bit of fatigue, after all, relocating such a big event was very taxing.
“You guys are here, please have a seat ……”
But after seeing Chen Ping and the others, Ji Ruxue still had a smile on her face!
“Sister Ruxue, you’ve aged quite a bit, why didn’t you tell us if there was something wrong, so we could help!”
Seeing Ji Ruxue’s appearance, Gu Ling’er went forward and said.
“Sister Ling’er, this is a small matter, I can handle it myself, this is not standing firm, I let Xiao Min invite you guys to come!”
Ji Ru Xue said with a faint smile.
“En, in the future, we also live here, with you guys, something can still help each other ……”
Gu Ling’er nodded.
This confused Chen Ping a little, and he looked at Gu Ling’er with a surprised expression, “You guys are also planning to live in Red Lotus Palace?”
“Yes, we agreed long ago that when sister Ru Xue moves in, we will all move in together, it’s convenient as we are all girls here!”
Gu Ling’er nodded her head!
“You all live here?”
Chen Ping asked, still in disbelief.
“Nonsense, since we’re here, of course we’re all staying here, it’s not for your convenience, come and see us all at once ……”
Xiao Lan said as she threw a winks towards Chen Ping.
“If you look at it like that, won’t this Red Lotus Palace become Brother Chen Ping’s harem, and then Brother Chen Ping will be treated like an emperor.”
Xiao Ru giggled and said.
Chen Ping instantly blushed and looked embarra*sed!
When the few girls saw this, they all burst out laughing, and the vicissitudes on Ji Ruxue’s face were swept away!
Chen Ping did not stay long at the Red Lotus Palace, and immediately after he returned, he arranged for Long Xingxu to send someone to the Red Lotus Palace to help build it!
And at the first opportunity, the Red Lotus Palace also announced that it would be merged into the Dragon Sect.
In this way, the Red Lotus Palace really became Chen Ping’s harem!
While Chen Ping was vigorously developing the Dragon Sect, within the Martial Alliance, Ning Zhi was being soaked in a large pool full of black water!
At this moment, Ning Zhi had a grimace on his face and seemed to be in great pain!
A black mist was rising from Ning Zhi’s body, and the pool of water was boiling as Ning Zhi gritted his teeth, veins sprouting from his forehead!
“You only need to hold on for seventy-seventy-nine days and your flesh will be quenched successfully, the reason you couldn’t fight that Chen Ping is because that Chen Ping’s flesh is too strong, you need to quench your own flesh as well to do so!”
“The great power is able to take out the Bone Rotting Liquid to temper your body, so it is clear that the great power values you ……”
That soul spirit within Ning Zhi said.
“Senior, don’t worry, I will definitely persevere ……”
Ning Zhi gritted his teeth, Then with a furious cry, the black water in the pool boiled even more!