“Ten million?” Gouzi froze, then his face flashed with joy, “Does he really have ten million? That kid doesn’t look like a rich man!”
Li Dongmei hurriedly explained, “What’s the point of lying to you? Just now at the bank, he said it himself, and if he can really take out a million and a half, doesn’t that prove that he really has money in his card?”
“Makes sense!” Gangzi nodded!
“Alright, I still have things to do, hurry up and go ……”
Boss Qiu pulled Li Dongmei hard.
“What are you afraid of? Let’s watch here for a while and wait for that Chen Ping to come out before we leave, I’d like to see if that Chen Ping really has 10 million!”
Li Dongmei shrugged it off, she didn’t want to leave, she wanted to see how embarra*sed Chen Ping would be later!
Boss Qiu had no choice but to stand by and wait!
Ten minutes later, Chen Ping came out with a big bag full of cash!
Seeing Chen Ping come out with a big bag in his hand, that Gangzi greeted him right away with his men!
Seeing this, Li Dongmei also followed him, she wanted to see if Chen Ping had really taken the money out or not!
When Chen Ping saw that Li Dongmei hadn’t even left, he was slightly stunned, but he didn’t care!
“Kid, where’s the money?”
Gangzi asked as he turned to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping threw the bag in his hand towards the ground, and all the white banknotes inside the bag were revealed!
Seeing so much money, the eyes of several of Gangzi’s boys were red!
Li Dongmei was also a bit surprised!
“One million three hundred thousand, not a penny less, it’s all here!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Gangzi’s little brother hurriedly tried to put the money away, but was stopped by that Gangzi!
“Kid, I’m afraid that a million and a half is not enough!”
Although Gangzi was also eager to take the money, after knowing that Chen Ping actually had ten million, he thought of extorting a little more!
“What do you mean?” Chen Ping frowned!
“It means nothing, I just miscalculated the interest rate, now I need two million with interest ……”
The corners of Gangzi’s mouth lifted slightly and said!
Chen Ping’s face turned grim as his gaze held a few moments of killing intent!
“Chen Ping, don’t you have ten million? What’s two million, just go in and get some ……”
Li Dongmei said as she gloated and looked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping ignored that Li Dongmei, but said to Gangzi, “One million three hundred thousand, if you don’t want it, then I’ll re-deposit it ……”
Chen Ping bent down, to pick up the money and redeposit it!
“Kid, this money is no longer yours, you can’t touch it ……”
Gangzi lifted his foot and stepped on top of the money bag!
And immediately, the two youngsters on the side reached out and grabbed Chen Ping’s shoulders, trying to keep Chen Ping under control!
But these two were surprised to find that no matter how hard they tried, they could not shake Chen Ping one bit!
With a cold flash in Chen Ping’s eyes, he reached out and grabbed the wrists of the two youngsters and gripped them with a gentle force, and with a sound of cracking bones, the two youngsters instantly screamed out in pain!
“Dare to touch my men, looking for death ……”
Seeing this, that Gangzi’s face sank as he kicked towards Chen Ping!
“Beat him to death, beat him to death …………”
Seeing this, Li Dongmei was so happy inside that she shouted desperately!
Boom …………
But who knows, as soon as that Gangzi raised his foot, Chen Ping also kicked out, and came after him, directly sending that Gangzi flying out!
The arms of the two men were twisted off like a twist, and the painful wails came out of their mouths!
At this moment, there was still one remaining junior who saw this and turned his head in fear and ran away, there was no righteousness for a gangster like them!
Chen Ping slowly walked towards Gangzi, whose face was pale at this time, and his internal organs were like knives!