Chen Ping told the Broken Heart Sect’s Patriarch to guard the entrance to the relic well, while he and Hu Ma Zi went back to White Sea City!
The Shen family was still buzzing with preparations for Shen Mengchen and Bai Zhan Tang’s wedding!
Since Chen Ping had promised to stay for the wedding, he could only stay at the Shen family for a few more days, plus to see if Teng Chenglin, that cousin of Shen Mengchen’s, had any intentions!
Soon, Shen Mengchen and Bai Zhan Tang’s wedding was held as scheduled, and all the elites from all walks of life in Baihai City came to attend, hundreds of people!
Teng Chenglin was very busy and dedicated, which made Shen Mengchen feel even more at ease with her cousin uncle!
And among these guests, there was a table in the corner that looked a bit strange, these people were all expressionless, as if they weren’t interested in the wedding that was taking place!
“Chen Ping, did you see that table? Surprisingly, all of them are Great Martial Sects, probably not here to congratulate them!”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping had found that table long ago, just now Chen Ping’s divine sense spread out, everyone present could not escape Chen Ping’s eyes!
“Just wait and see, those who should jump out later will eventually do so.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Soon, Shen Mengchen and Bai Zhantang’s wedding ceremony was completed, and Teng Chenglin, who was the eldest, walked onto the stage and took the microphone and said to the crowd, “Thank you all for coming to my niece’s wedding amidst your busy schedules ……”
“Now that Mengchen is married and pregnant, the next day is to nurture the baby and live some ordinary and happy days.”
“So today I’m taking this opportunity to announce that the Shen family, from now on, will be fully managed by me, and my niece, Shen Mengchen, will be going to live in Kyoto and will never come back!”
“I hope that after I accept the Shen family, the cooperation of all of you following the Shen family will remain the same!”
After Teng Chenglin finished his words, all the guests at the bottom were full of surprise and were chattering!
On the other hand, Shen Mengchen was furious and questioned Teng Chenglin, “Cousin uncle, who said that I would go to Kyoto and never come back? And who gave you permission to take over our Shen family?”
“Meng Chen, you don’t need to be angry, cousin uncle is doing this for your own good, you are a girl, just stay home and teach your children, how well I have managed the Shen family over the past year, you all can see it, right?”
“So it’s most appropriate to leave the Shen family to me, otherwise the Shen family would have been defeated in your hands sooner or later.”
When Shen Mengchen heard this, she was furious and said loudly, “Even if the Shen family is defeated in my hands, it is still our Shen family’s business, what does it have to do with you? I hired you to take care of the Shen family, just to give you a meal, you really think you are the master?”
“You are only employed by my Shen family, I can kick you out right now, so you have nothing to do with the Shen family!”
“Mengchen, don’t get angry, be careful of moving your baby!” Bai Zhan Tang comforted Shen Meng Chen, then looked at Teng Cheng Lin with a cold face, “What kind of a person are you, still wanting to take over the Shen family?”
“What am I, I don’t know, but what are they, you should know!”
As Teng Chenglin finished speaking, the table that was originally in the corner leapt straight up and landed on top of the stage!
The aura of a Great Martial Sect emanated from each of them, causing the temperature of the entire banquet hall to plummet and everyone to shudder!
Bai Zhantang looked at these Great Martial Sects and did not feel the slightest bit of fear.
Although his own strength was not enough to deal with these people, but with Chen Ping as his backing, Bai Zhantang was not afraid at all!
“Do you just want to rely on this number of people to seize the Shen family’s estate?”
Bai Zhantang asked to and Teng Chenglin.
“With just this number of people, not to mention the Shen family, even if it’s the entire White Sea City, who can be an enemy?”
“I’m not just going to take charge of the Shen family’s industries today, I want a piece of all the world families in White Sea City!”
Teng Chenglin said as he swept a glance at the many guests below.