But the giant crab was not harmed in the slightest, except that such an attack enraged the giant crab.
The crab waved its two pincers and attacked the young man with a fury.
The young man was so shocked that his body fell rapidly in mid-air.
Unfortunately, it was still too late. One of the giant crab’s pincers caught the young man in one fell swoop, followed by a splash of blood, and the young man was instantly cut into two, his internal organs and body fell into the sea.
The thick smell of blood instantly attracted many sharks, which instantly gnawed the young man’s body clean.
At this moment, everyone was stunned and no one dared to take a swing at the giant crab.
But the enraged giant crab, seemingly with no intention of stopping, waved its two large pincers and rushed towards the crowd, the huge waves surging onto the deck and dampening the clothes of the crowd.
Many people began to get scared and retreated in fright, even though these people were all strong members of the younger generation of the major clans and families, they were powerless in the face of the giant crab and could only run for their lives.
When Ge Jiayi saw this, she raised her right hand and then lightly slapped it in front of her, and the sea immediately set off waves, tens of metres high, towards the giant crab.
The waves pounded against the crab and slowed down its attack, but this did not solve the crisis, as the crab was about to attack the ship.
Seeing this, Chen Ping was about to make a move when he saw a black shadow rise up in the air, followed by a long sword in his hand.
This person is none other than Long Xiao, only to see the long sword in Long Xiao’s hand waving out a huge sword maneuver, sword maneuver like falling from the sky, straight towards the giant crab.
Stinging ……
The sword maneuver split the sea surface instantly, and then ruthlessly chopped on the giant crab’s body.
The shell on the giant crab’s body was incredibly hard, and Long Xiao’s sword only made the giant crab feel pain, but did not kill it!
The pain caused the giant crab to instantly go berserk, and its body swayed in the water with a huge impact, causing the cruise ship to rock as if it was about to capsize.
Long Xiao frowned, followed by a few more sword swings, hitting the giant crab’s body with a flash of fire, but it simply couldn’t cut through the crab’s hard shell!
The giant crab was furious, and one of its pincers came towards Long Xiao with a fierce grip.
Seeing that the giant crab was about to get on top of the cruise ship, Chen Ping leapt out directly towards the giant crab as he landed on his feet.
Chen Ping’s body was like a cannonball, rushing straight towards the giant crab and then stopping steadily on its back.
This time, the giant crab twisted its body desperately and stopped climbing towards the cruise ship!
Chen Ping’s body shone with golden light and his fist was covered with golden light, then he slammed his fist hard into the giant crab’s back shell.
The giant crab’s hind shell actually had tiny cracks under Chen Ping’s fist.
The giant crab desperately twisted its body, trying to drop Chen Ping, and then with its two large pincers, it kept attacking towards Chen Ping.
Although Chen Ping was hiding on the back of the giant crab, he could not avoid the attacks of the giant crab’s two large pincers.
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only leap up once again, followed by his feet on the surface of the water, treading on the water!
Seeing that Chen Ping had jumped off his body, the giant crab then slapped a claw at Chen Ping.
Boom!
The big pincers slapped hard on the water, instantly stirring up huge waves that slapped on top of the ship.
The ship swayed, while the people on board all looked to see what had happened to Chen Ping.
But above the sea, there was no sign of Chen Ping.
“This Chen Ping can’t have died so easily, can he?”
“This giant crab is just too powerful, even Chen Ping, who is known as the most talented young man, was easily slapped to death.”
“I didn’t expect someone who was known as the pride of the heavens to die so tragically in the end ……”
The crowd all whispered, while Long Xiao’s eyes were slightly frozen, not only looking towards the sea!
He somewhat did not believe that Chen Ping would be slapped to death so easily.