Today there are only two people, he and Chen Ping, and Guo Wei has no qualms.
“Your evil kung fu, it is no longer useful to me, if this is your bottom card, then you will definitely die ……”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Then let’s try!”
Guo Wei was furious, then his hands quickly slid in the air, and the black mist around him seemed like ten thousand horses galloping, and began to converge together in a constant transformation.
Soon, the black mist transformed into a four-legged beast, roaring with open teeth and claws!
A drop of essence blood suddenly floated out from the seal on Guo Wei’s chest, followed slowly by that drop of essence blood dropping onto the fierce beast’s brow, the essence blood instantly ingested into it.
“Chen Ping, you underestimate the art of evil cultivation, if the art of evil cultivation is so unbearable, how would I spell out my own future cultivation again ……”
Guo Wei said, his fingers pinched, while the four unlike beast let out a roar and directly pounced on Chen Ping.
Roar …………
The fierce beast arrived in front of Chen Ping with unparalleled speed, and Chen Ping looked very small in front of this fierce beast.
When Chen Ping saw this, he did not panic, his divine dragon power erupted and he swung out with a single punch.
But when Chen Ping’s fist struck the fierce beast, it was as if it was empty. Moreover, Chen Ping personally seemed to be sucked by a huge suction force and entered the fierce beast’s body at once.
Chen Ping’s body disappeared into the darkness, and the beast let out a long whistle as its body began to emit light, and Chen Ping, who was caught in the darkness, felt a brightness before his eyes, followed by an incomparable scorching heat!
This scorching heat was hundreds of times more intense than the sun’s light and seemed to melt Chen Ping’s entire body away!
Seeing this scene, a smile appeared on Guo Wei’s face.
“Still too young ……”
Although Chen Ping was very strong, he was after all young and inexperienced in battle.
He completely failed to see the true power of Guo Wei’s black mist!
Guo Wei took out his mobile phone while dialing Zhu Zhishan’s number.
“What’s up? Did you kill that Chen Ping?”
On the other side, Zhu Zhishan asked.
“Three minutes, after three minutes, that Chen Ping will turn into a puddle of thick water ……”
Guo Wei said with a confident face.
“You used evil kung fu?” Zhu Zhishan frowned slightly, “No one else saw it, right?”
“Don’t worry, ally, no one else, even if there were others, they would all be dead ……”
A murderous aura flashed in Guo Wei’s eyes!
At this moment, if someone nearby saw it, he would not hesitate to strike and would not care what the other party was.
Fortunately, Chen Ping let the taxi driver leave, otherwise that taxi driver would have met with misfortune as well.
“That’s good, once Chen Ping is dead, I’m relieved, this guy is always a scourge when he stays ……”
Zhu Zhishan let out a sigh of relief and hung up the phone.
Just as the phone was hanging up, suddenly the fierce beast in the form of black mist suddenly struggled with distance, and then its body began to shrink rapidly!
A golden light, from within the body of the fierce beast shot out violently!
“This …… is what’s going on?”
Guo Wei saw this and his face suddenly changed.
The fierce beast was still struggling at a distance and its body was getting smaller and smaller.
Guo Wei hurriedly flung out a drop of essence blood, but when it landed on that fierce beast, it didn’t change in the slightest!
In a short span of ten seconds or so, the fierce beast in the form of a black mist actually disappeared completely, and all the black mist also disappeared, and the sunlight was thrown over the land again!
Chen Ping stood in front of Guo Wei with a satisfied face and said playfully, “Thank you really, for sending me such good cultivation resources ……”
Guo Wei instantly felt cold all over and cold sweat flowed from his forehead!
“You …… you ……”
Guo Wei pointed at Chen Ping, not even knowing what to say.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was filled with power, his filled dantian was full of spiritual energy!
This Guo Wei originally wanted to kill Chen Ping by relying on his evil kung fu, but he did not want these black mists to become Chen Ping’s cultivation resources.