“Kid, you wait for me, I will never spare you ……”
Qin Jingyun glared viciously at Chen Ping before being assisted to leave!
Seeing Qin Jingyun leave, Chen Ping did not stop him, after all, Chen Ping would not be able to stay in this Yellow Blue City for much longer, and by then, that Qin Jingyun would not be able to find himself if he wanted to look for trouble!
“Two great ladies, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping said as he glanced at Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling!
“Oh, let’s go, let’s go ……” Ji Meiling reacted and hurriedly nodded her head!
Ji Meiling, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping in shock “Mr Chen, I really didn’t think that you would be so powerful, being able to fight beyond your level, not only are you strong, but you also know how to practice medicine and can refine pills, and you also know how to do magic arts can break illusionary formations as well as set up formations.”
“Simply a wizard, in our Yellow and Blue City, or even in the entire Middle Region Continent, we may not be able to identify such a worldly wizard like Mr Chen.”
“Little sister, not to mention the Middle Domain Continent, even in the entire Celestial Realm, there is no young man who can follow Mr Chen’s lead.” Ji Meiyan spoke!
These two sisters praised Chen Ping so much that Chen Ping was a little embarrassed!
Just as the three of them were walking and chatting, suddenly in the direction of the Ji Family Residence in Yellow Blue City, a heavenly aura rose up from the ground and instantly spread out, enveloping the entire Yellow Blue City!
This aura was like something suddenly exploding and spreading out in all directions, and in an instant, it also disappeared!
But as the aura swept past in front of him, Chen Ping instantly sensed that it was Origin Power, and it was still Masterless Origin Power!
“What’s going on? What happened at home?”
“I don’t know either!”
“Quick, go home and take a look ……”
Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling both panicked and hurriedly ran in the direction of the Ji family!
Chen Ping followed behind!
When the three of them arrived at the Ji Family, they found that the Ji Family had already been surrounded by people!
Everyone looked towards the place of the Ji Family’s ancestral land!
“Big brother, what’s wrong?” Ji Meiyan stepped forward and asked Ji Cheng!
“It’s not clear, it could be that the Ancestral Ground has opened.”
Ji Cheng said!
“Ancestral land opening?” Ji Meiyan froze “How is it possible, isn’t the ancestral land automatically opened once in ten years, it’s not ten years now.”
“I’m not sure, dad followed second uncle and took a few elders to the ancestral land to check it out.”
“If it’s the Ancestral Ground that’s opened, that’s great, it must be that the ancestor sensed Sixth Brother’s arrival and opened the Ancestral Ground in advance.”
Ji Cheng glanced at Ji Yun and said!
“Big brother, what’s the use of this ancestral land opening?” Ji Yun asked in confusion!
“Sixth Brother, within this Ancestral Ground, there are many treasures left behind by our ancestors, and there are also various masterless origin sources, these can be great resources for cultivation.”
Ji Cheng said to Ji Yun!
After Ji Yun heard this, he was slightly embarrassed and said “But I didn’t give sense to the Origin ……”
“That’s okay, you think we sense to la, can’t absorb the masterless origin, can absorb other breath, as long as we can go in, it’s absolutely heavenly!”
“This ancestral land only opens once every ten years, I didn’t think that this time it would be ahead of schedule, if it really opens ahead of schedule, then it would prove that you are too lucky, sixth brother.”
Ji Cheng said as he looked at Ji Yun enviously!
The crowd all waited quietly, it wasn’t very clear what exactly was going on right now!
Not long after, Ji Lianjun and Ji Lianying walked out from within the Ancestral Ground, followed by a few elders from the Ji Family, each with puzzles and doubts on their faces!
“Dad, how was it? Is the Ancestral Ground opened?”
Seeing this, Ji Cheng rushed up and asked!
Ji Lian Jun nodded “It did open, this time it’s really strange, why did it open before it was time?”
“Did you guys not go in and ask Tai Zu?” Ji Cheng asked!