“Hmph, I think you are just afraid of that Chen Ping, no guts at all, after so many years, you have been keeping to this small place in South Lake, no guts at all!”
Zheng Kai despised his father very much.
He always thought that his father was timid and very weak, and that he was satisfied with keeping the small town of Nanhu all this time.
“Rebel son, I think the beating you lightly ……”
Zheng An Guo was so angry that he raised his hand and was about to hit Zheng Kai.
Zheng Kai, on the other hand, was so scared that he ran out in a panic, but his mouth was still screaming, “I will never let that Chen Ping go ……”
Zheng An Guo was so angry with his son that his face turned pale and he panted heavily.
Although he was the lord of a city, he just couldn’t control this son of his.
…………
In the secret realm of the Devil Spirit Sect!
Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu had quietly arrived at the edge, and further ahead was the grey and chaotic space.
On this journey, there was no one to stop Chen Ping and Hu Pazi, nor were there any guards. ,.
After all, in this secret realm, there was only the Demon Spirit Sect, so there was no need to worry about safety.
Just as the two approached the edge of the chaotic space, the aura of appalling killing and destruction had made it somewhat difficult for the two of them to take a step forward.
The two struggled to look forward, but they simply could not see anything at all, like a sandstorm blowing up!
Just as the two men reached the front of the killing Qi, they were blocked by an invisible force, and it was simply impossible to move forward!
“Could this be the border of the secret realm?”
Chen Ping touched forward with his hand, only to see an invisible force that was pushing his hand backwards, and there was no way to continue forward.
“Looking inside that chaotic space there is also space, it’s not like there’s nothing, so how come you can’t get through?”
Hu Ma Zi struggled to look forward, full of incomprehension.
“Use your divine sense to probe and see ……”
Chen Ping said, and a strand of divine sense instantly emanated out!
Very quickly, this strand of divine sense instantly penetrated the resistance in front of him, as if this resistance had no way of blocking the divine sense.
Chen Ping was overjoyed and hurriedly extended his divine sense forward!
But just as the divine sense entered the chaotic space, a terrifying killing aura instantly cut off the divine sense!
Chen Ping himself suffered a backlash, and his entire body took several steps backwards, with a trace of blood flowing out from the corner of his mouth.
“What a terrifying killing Qi, since the divine sense was able to enter, it must exist in space.”
Chen Ping said as he wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth.
Seeing Chen Ping in that state, the frightened Hu Ma Zi did not dare to experiment either.
The two could only stare at the chaotic space in front of them, knowing that there was space behind them, but they just couldn’t get in!
“If I reach the out-of-body stage and can get my soul out of my body, I would like to be able to go through this chaos ……”
Chen Ping said with a burst of emotion.
He was only at the Transformation stage now, and he still had a long way to go before he could reach the Out of Body stage.
If he could have his soul out of his body, Chen Ping would be able to easily pa*s through the resistance in front of him, then resist that killing Qi and enter the chaotic space to see what was inside!
“Chen Ping, there is a talisman in our talismanic arts that can make one’s soul come out of the body, but the effect time is very short, can you see if you know this talismanic art?”
Hu Ma Zi asked Chen Ping.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, his heart burst with joy, and immediately afterwards, the inheritance of the Heavenly Talisman Sect appeared in his mind, and various talisman arts kept crossing Chen Ping’s mind!
Very soon Chen Ping found a talisman technique that was difficult to draw, and depending on the strength of the talisman master, the time to leave the body would also vary!
“Master Hu, a few pieces of talisman paper, I’ll try ……”
Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu and asked for a few pieces of talisman paper, deciding to give it a try himself!
Pocky Hu pulled out the talisman paper and gave it to Chen Ping, while Chen Ping suspended the paper in mid-air, bit through his finger and began to draw on it!
A faint red light shone from Chen Ping’s fingertips, and a line began to appear on the talisman paper.