The water in the Sacred Pool began to boil, and a ray of light split the water of the pool with a roar!
Chen Ping shrank violently in pain, then retreated backwards at an extremely fast speed, even as fast as Chen Ping was, he was still struck by several rays of light!
The Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body directly shed its scales and finally turned into nothingness!
Chen Ping let out a muffled grunt as the qi and blood in his body churned!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?”
Ochre Yan asked with concern!
“I’m fine, this guy is too strong ……”
Chen Ping said with a frown!
“Hmph, so what if a wisp of this seat’s residual thoughts, it’s not something that you, a mere first grade child of the Transition Realm, can deal with.”
“But this body of yours is tough, it’s surprisingly alright to be attacked.”
The man was very appreciative of Chen Ping’s physical body!
Chen Ping did not speak, he just stared at the man, looking at the Heaven Mending Stone not far away, although Chen Ping wanted to get his hands on it, he was not a match for the man at all!
“Mr Chen, since you can’t get that Heaven Mending Stone, you can absolutely cultivate at the bottom of this Holy Pond, and just absorb the breath within that Heaven Mending Stone.”
“When the breath of the Heaven Mending Stone is absorbed, this Heaven Mending Stone will become a waste stone!”
Ochre Yan said to Chen Ping!
“It seems that this is the only way, although this will be much slower, but there is no other way ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he actually sat down on his knees in front of the men!
Afterwards, the Heart Concentration Technique was activated, and the somewhat strange aura emanating from within the Heaven Mending Stone was all absorbed by Chen Ping!
The man was astonished to see that Chen Ping was actually able to absorb the aura within this Heaven Mending Stone!
“How is it possible, you are only a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, how is it possible for you to absorb and refine the aura within the Heaven Mending Stone?”
The man asked in shock!
“My gong method can refine everything, what is the breath of your Heaven Mending Stone.”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
The man stared angrily at Chen Ping, but there was nothing he could do about it, Chen Ping had also discovered that as long as he did not pass through that curtain of light, the man posed no threat to him!
Chen Ping could safely and boldly absorb the aura within the Heaven Mending Stone!
And at this time, above the Sacred Pool!
Ye Liancheng was still guarding the Sacred Pool, as long as Chen Ping dared to come out, he would immediately strike!
“Family Master, the statistics have been tallied, this time our Ye Family lost forty-three cultivators in battle and seventeen were seriously injured.”
“And the three demonic cultivators that came from the Far North Land, all of them died as well, not a single one was left behind.”
The Grand Elder walked to Ye Liancheng’s side and said with a heavy expression!
Ye Liancheng’s eyes narrowed slightly “Sheng Family, this bunch of bold and arrogant guys, after I kill the kid who broke into the Holy Pool, I will immediately go and exterminate the Sheng Family!”
“Family Master, those three demonic cultivators died, but left behind this thing.”
The Grand Elder opened his hand, and there were actually three crimson coloured inner dans in his hand, and there was a scorching hot aura emanating from the three inner dans!
“Inner elixir? This is what those three demonic cultivators left behind after they died?”
Ye Liancheng asked, filled with shock!
“Yes, I was the one who found it from the bodies of those three demonic cultivators after they died.”
The Grand Elder nodded!
When Ye Liancheng heard this, he burst out laughing, he understood what the Grand Elder meant!
These demonic cultivators were dead anyway, so it was fine to search for them!
“With these three inner pills, I’ll see how that brat can still escape.”
Ye Liancheng took the three inner elixirs with one hand and directly swallowed them!
After swallowing the inner dan, Ye Liancheng’s body emitted a wave of heat!
After feeling the sizzling sensation within his body, Ye Liancheng jumped into the Sacred Pool with a plop!
Because he didn’t have to resist the icy cold air within the Sacred Pool, Ye Liancheng’s dive speed was much faster!
Ye Liancheng’s heart was filled with anger, he thought that as soon as he saw Chen Ping, he would absolutely kill Chen Ping and never show any mercy!