In Jue Wu’s opinion, Chen Ping’s strength was definitely not at the realm of a fifth grade Martial Saint!
“There are many things you didn’t expect ……” The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly, his eyes filled with disdain!
“Even if you were stronger, what use would it be ……”
After JUE finished speaking, he beckoned towards the puppets, and several of them regained their feet!
These puppets all had a bloody hole in their chests, which looked very frightening!
But as Jue Wu chanted the words under his breath, the blood holes on the puppets began to glow and were all repaired immediately afterwards.
Soon several of the puppets were charging towards Chen Ping again, and Chen Ping did not show any weakness in meeting them!
After the fight, the puppets were once again scarred and some of them had their arms and legs cut off by Chen Ping!
There was also a puppet whose head was blown off by Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t believe that even if his head was blown off, that Jue Wu could still revive the puppet!
But as Chen Ping watched, the incantations from Jue Wu’s mouth became louder and louder, and the puppets whose arms and legs had been broken, and even their heads blown off, all slowly came back to life!
A faint glow emanated from each puppet, and all the wounds were being repaired quickly, even the puppet whose head had been blown off had now recovered as before!
This was a dumbfounding sight for Chen Ping, who had to know that puppet corpses also did not fear life or death and had no thoughts, but if he really blew the puppet corpse’s head off, it would be impossible for the puppet corpse to come back to life.
“Hahahaha, this puppet of mine is immortal and indestructible, even if you are highly skilled, in the end you will be able to exhaust your energy and drag you to death ……”
Jue Wu laughed loudly!
Several puppets then continued to attack towards Chen Ping, and when Chen Ping saw this, he frowned slightly and with a thought, the Dragon Chopper Sword instantly appeared in Chen Ping’s hand!
The sword spirit of the Zenglong Sword had already opened its wisdom, and at this moment, the power of the Zenglong Sword alone was enough to resist a Martial Saint!
After Chen Ping injected the power of the divine dragon into the Dragon Chopper Sword, a sound of a dragon roar rang out.
A golden dragon hovered above the Dragon Chopper Sword!
“A good sword, what a good sword …………”
Jue Wu looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand and a greedy glint appeared in his eyes!
Seeing this Dragon Cutting Sword was even more exciting than him seeing a woman!
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Chopping Sword, the sharp sword qi kept cutting out, several puppets were too stupid to know how to dodge, their bodies were instantly cut by the Dragon Chopping Sword, and some puppets were even cut off at the waist!
Unfortunately, it was all to no avail, these puppets would heal themselves in an instant and their combat power would not be affected in the slightest!
“Go on, kill him quickly and get that sword for me ……”
Jawohl loudly urged the golems to do it!
A puppet was seen wielding a sandbag-sized fist and viciously smashed into Chen Ping.
Chen Ping reached out and directly grabbed that puppet’s fist, accompanied by a strong spiritual force that punched into that puppet’s body!
The puppet exploded from within its body, and its entire body was blown into chunks!
But even though it was blown into pieces, the puppet slowly fused and turned into its original form!
And at that moment, Chen Ping’s mind flashed instantly, followed by the Wordless Heavenly Book in his consciousness, revealing all the information about the puppet!
Chen Ping looked at the information in his mind in shock, an extremely excited expression on his face!
The Wordless Heavenly Book had no way of identifying humans, but this puppet was not a human being, nor was it a corpse, it was also refined from various materials, so it was considered an object, so the puppet’s information could be revealed by the Wordless Heavenly Book.
Seeing Chen Ping suddenly become so excited, everyone was stunned, confused as to what was wrong with Chen Ping, was he stupid?
“Hahahaha, what immortal puppet, still has weaknesses ……”
Chen Ping laughed wildly!
A light blue flame emerged from the palm of his hand, and with a casual wave of Chen Ping’s hand, the flame instantly filled out.
These light blue flames surrounded the puppets and then began to burn violently!
Seeing this scene, Jue Wu’s face directly changed greatly.