“Chen Ping, you think too much, this is the Luo family, you are not qualified to negotiate terms with me yet ……”
Luo Jinyou said with a fierce face.
When Chen Ping saw that Luo Jinyou was actually protecting that Ning Zhi, killing intent then erupted from his eyes, then his body steeply seemed like, and immediately afterwards he appeared in front of Luo Jinyou.
Luo Jinyou’s heart was startled and his body hurriedly retreated backwards.
But before he could back up, he was kicked by Chen Ping.
The force of Chen Ping’s kick was so strong that only a bone cracking sound was heard as Luo Jinyou’s body flew straight out.
When Luo Jinyou was helped to stand up, he found that a large part of his chest had long been dented!
Seeing this scene, there was no need to think about it to know what was going on.
Luo Jinyou looked at Chen Ping in panic, he really didn’t expect that he would be so unbearable in front of Chen Ping!
Those members of the Luo family were also terrified, knowing that Luo Jinyou’s strength was one of the best in the whole of Mo Bei, but now he was kicked straight away by someone.
“I ask you one more time, where is Ning Zhi?”
Chen Ping looked at Luo Jinyou coldly, his voice sounding as if it was emanating from the Nine Hells.
“I don’t know ……”
Luo Jinyou gritted his teeth, then with a wave of his large hand, a precious sword appeared in his hand.
The sword shone with an obsidian-like light, and a hint of coldness emanated from the top of that sword, a chilling aura.
“Do you think you are the only one who has a precious sword?”
Chen Ping smiled coldly and with a casual grasp of his hand, the Dragon Chopper Sword appeared in his hand.
The Chopping Dragon Sword burned with a blazing flame above it, and the heat wave poured out!
These two swords, one cold and one hot, went toe-to-toe like this!
Luo Jinyou looked at the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand and snorted coldly, “This is a precious sword I found from Heavenly Mountain, it can cut iron like mud, just that broken thing in your hand, you still want to fight me?”
As Luo Jinyou finished speaking, his qi began to tumble and a stream of power was injected into the sword.
As the power was injected, the sword in Luo Jinyou’s hand began to emit a humming sound, and the surrounding temperature became incomparably cold, with endless cold Qi emanating from the sword.
“Give me death ……”
Luo Jinyou cut out his sword, and the majestic sword Qi instantly roared up, transforming into a white polar bear that bared its fangs and tore towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s gaze was cold, and the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand swung out at the same time.
A dragon roar rang out!
The sword qi carried a blazing flame, turning into a fiery dragon that rose into the air and pounced directly at the polar bear!
The dragon and the bear fought together.
Looking at the soaring fire dragon, Luo Jinyou’s expression froze on his face, he did not expect Chen Ping’s sword to be a treasure sword as well.
The fire dragon spurted out a stream of flame from its mouth and finally its claws grabbed the polar bear, instantly exploding it!
In an instant, Luo Jinyou’s sword qi collapsed, while Chen Ping swung his sword qi directly towards Luo Jinyou.
Luo Jinyou hastily raised his sword to block it, but he was still sent flying by the huge sword qi.
His body fell heavily to the ground and the sword in his hand cracked and eventually shattered.
Luo Jinyou climbed up and looked at Chen Ping with an incomparably gloomy face.
“Where is Ning Zhi?”
Chen Ping said as he stared at Luo Jinyou.
Luo Jinyou did not speak, but at his feet, a glowing light flooded up, followed by Luo Jinyou reciting words under his breath.
Soon, the radiant light shot up into the sky and directly enveloped Luo Jinyou.
At this moment, Luo Jinyou slowly rose up into mid-air along with the light!
It was as if a mortal had ascended to immortality!
“Chen Ping, you have an imperishable golden body to protect your body, while your qi is strong, but don’t forget that in this world, apart from gongfu, there are also the existence of spells!”
As Luo Jinyou finished speaking, a ray of light shot out from above Luo Jinyou’s body.
The terrifying power came towards Chen Ping overwhelmingly, seemingly wanting to engulf Chen Ping directly.