However, when the matter had come to this, Chen Ping had no other choice but to do so.
Seeing the sudden recovery of breath on Chen Ping’s body, Zhu Zhishan’s face also turned unsightly!
Chen Ping slowly rose up as he helped Xiao Ru, before his eyes stared at Long Xiao with a slight gaze, “Long Xiao, don’t you want to suck up my strength? Now you can do it, in a moment I will show you which one of us will turn into a dry corpse first ……”
Chen Ping’s body erupted with killing intent, Long Xiao had forced him to waste a YuanYing, Chen Ping had long been covered in anger at this moment!
Long Xiao’s face was becoming increasingly ugly, Chen Ping’s aura was now at its peak, Long Xiao knew that he really wasn’t necessarily a match for that Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, you don’t need to be complacent, don’t forget that I am not the only one here, there are so many of us, even if you return to your peak state, so what, we can still kill you easily ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, he even turned his head to look at Zhu Zhishan!
Although he didn’t say anything, but Long Xiao’s eyes indicated a plea for help!
Zhu Zhishan nodded slightly, he understood Long Xiao’s meaning, so he gave a wink towards Xu Song and the others who were guarding the entrance of the palace.
Chen Ping had already noticed the wink from a few people, and it looked like they were planning to do the same trick again, but Chen Ping wasn’t afraid!
“Come on …………”
Chen Ping took a step forward, and a terrifying aura swept through the entire palace!
Long Xiao didn’t dare to be slow, and also pushed the aura from his body to the limit!
Xu Song, on the other hand, led the other three and surrounded them towards Chen Ping.
All at once, five terrifying auras were exerting pressure towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping showed no fear, his body glowing with golden light, his aura rushing out even more!
“Make a move …………”
Long Xiao shouted towards Xu Song!
Xu Song and the others immediately sent their breath towards Long Xiao, while Long Xiao waved his hands slightly in front of him, and a black mist filled the air.
Immediately afterwards, Xu Song and the others’ breaths followed the black mist and fused, finally transforming into a human form!
This human form headed towards Chen Ping and transformed into the form of Su Yuqi!
Chen Ping had already taken precautions and several divine senses were enveloped before his eyes, and all he could see at the moment was a grey and hazy figure.
This way he wouldn’t be disturbed by the demons in his mind, and he wouldn’t experience any loss of concentration!
“Sister Yu Qi …………”
But at this moment, after Xiao Ru, who was behind Chen Ping, saw that illusionary Su Yuqi, she actually shouted out in excitement and was about to go forward to embrace Su Yuqi.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly reached out to stop Xiao Ru: “Xiao Ru, that’s not your sister Yu Qi, wake up ……”
Chen Ping called out to Xiao Ru and sent out a channel of spiritual energy, trying to pull Xiao Ru out of her fantasy.
However, Xiao Ru’s eyes were listless and her expression was wooden, she did not listen to Chen Ping’s advice at all and went straight towards the illusionary Su Yuqi.
Just as Chen Ping tried to pull Xiao Ru out, he realised that it was already too late, the illusionary human form had already reached him!
Xiao Ru hugged the illusionary Su Yuqi, and her whole body cried out in pain!
But just as Xiao Ru embraced the illusionary Su Yuqi, she saw Su Yuqi struggling desperately, and her expression was in agony!
A faint white light emanated from Xiao Ru’s body, a soft and holy light that shone on her body and instantly made people feel very comfortable!
Immediately afterwards, a pair of white armour appeared on Xiao Ru’s body, and this soft and holy white glow was then emitted from this armour.
“Ah …………”
The illusionary Su Yuqi, after a miserable cry, instantly disappeared into ashes without a trace.
All the black mist inside the palace also disappeared together, and at this moment, Xiao Ru was like a fairy, making people’s hearts fearful.
At this moment, Xiao Ru also came to her senses and looked at her armour, looking a little bewildered, she did not know what was going on.