The strength of a half-step Martial Marquis instantly appeared. Although it was only one step away from the peak of Martial Sect, the aura of a half-step Martial Marquis was obviously much more powerful.
But this powerful aura had no effect on Chen Ping.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s aura was as strong as a rainbow, and he did not move.
Seeing this, Zang Qing’s aura rose again, while Chen Ping’s body shook and a majestic golden light erupted from within his body.
In an instant, the two auras collided into each other, creating a violent explosion.
At this moment, the heavens and the earth changed colour, the sun and the moon lost their light, the entire earth trembled, and the villa of the Jin family began to collapse!
Everyone was rippled by this tremendous energy, and one by one, they began to retreat continuously.
And with a wave of Xing Jun’s hands, a huge force surrounded them in all directions, making the area affected by this explosion as small as possible.
“Chen Ping, don’t fight here, or else the entire South China City will be destroyed by the two of you ……”
Xing Jun’s face turned very ugly as he gritted his teeth and struggled to wave out a wave of light, counteracting the aftershocks of Chen Ping and Zang Qing’s aura collision.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly withdrew his hand, and then coldly looked at Zang Qing: “If you have the guts, let’s go to the outskirts, do you dare?”
“Hmph, I am originally here to kill you, why wouldn’t I dare?”
Zang Qing coldly snorted.
Chen Ping’s body instantly leapt, and then only a residual shadow was seen running straight to the deserted mountain in the countryside.
Zang Qing followed closely behind, his speed was also as fast as it could be.
Xing Jun let out a long breath and followed up with his men.
At this moment, Chen Ping and Zang Qing had already arrived at the deserted mountain.
As soon as Tibetan Qing arrived at the place, he immediately launched an attack!
He carried an endless pressure with him, and he headed towards Chen Ping like a mountain overturning the sea.
The terrifying aura caused rocks to fly across the barren mountain, and the entire mountain began to crumble.
Immediately afterwards that endless mighty pressure coalesced above Chen Ping’s head.
An unparalleled giant hammer appeared above Chen Ping’s head!
This huge hammer seemed to have fallen from the sky, glittering with a golden light.
Above the giant hammer, a streak of lightning streaked across, and then struck down fiercely.
In an instant, the ground rumbled as mountains, rocks and trees were destroyed, while Chen Ping’s body also seemed to be burnt in this instant, emitting a smoky smell.
Xing Jun, at the foot of the mountain, looked at the scene before him and his face instantly froze.
“This Zang Qing’s strength a few steps so fast, it’s too strong ……”
Xing Jun did not expect that Zang Qing’s growth rate in the past few years was obviously much faster than his.
Evil cultivation practice, strength just grows rapidly, otherwise how would there be so many people, risking not to be chased and killed, practicing evil techniques.
“Captain, this Chen Ping is afraid that he is not a match for that Zang Qing at all, right?”
A member of the law enforcement team looked at the scene in front of him and asked Xing Jun.
“It’s not easy to say yet, although that Chen Ping has an imperishable golden body, but looking at the strength of this Zang Qing, it’s almost close to that of a Martial Marquis, it’s really hard to say who is better!”
Xing Jun’s eyes were staring at the battle on the mountain top.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body began to shine with a golden light, a piece of golden scales grew out from Chen Ping’s body, like an armor wearing on Chen Ping’s body.
Rumble …………
Another bolt of lightning struck Chen Ping while he leapt up against the immense pressure.
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping made a fist with his right hand, and his entire fist was wrapped in golden light.
“Holy Light Fist ……”
Chen Ping slammed his fist out, viciously smashing on top of the giant hammer that had condensed out!
As Chen Ping’s fist touched that giant hammer, the condensed giant hammer instantly crumbled and disappeared into a bit of white light.
Chen Ping’s figure was in mid-air, like a heavenly god descending from the earth, looking down on the heavens and all things!
Xing Jun looked up at Chen Ping, his eyes filled with astonishment, “This Chen Ping’s strength is really hard to fathom, he really is a genius, no wonder Mr. Shi thinks so highly of him!”