Zhu Zhishan’s face was also cold, and then he looked at that Guo Wei, who was also in a state of confusion at this moment!
The strength that Chen Ping had displayed was truly beyond their expectations!
“This son cannot be kept today no matter what!”
Zhu Zhishan said in a soft voice.
Guo Wei nodded, he also knew that if he allowed Chen Ping to grow like this, then it would be himself who would be unlucky below.
“I know you can’t die yet, so whatever you have, just use it!”
Chen Ping exuded an aura that looked out of the world and made people hold back from palpitating!
Long Xiao crawled out of the deep pit with great difficulty, his chest had long since been dented and it was obvious that his ribs were broken!
Just as Long Xiao had revealed his head, Chen Ping took a step forward and his body steeply shot out towards Long Xiao!
The endless ferocity of his breath smashed fiercely towards Long Xiao!
Boom!
Long Xiao, who had just gotten up, was instantly smashed into the ground once again!
In an instant, smoke and dust filled the air!
“Xiao’er!”
Seeing this, Long Jingguo’s face changed and his body rose abruptly!
He had to know that Long Xiao was his only son, there was no way he would watch something happen to Long Xiao, and now looking at Chen Ping like this, it was obvious that he was going to deal a death blow to Long Xiao!
“Family head ……”
At this moment, Long Xingxu pulled Long Jingguo, “Clan Master calm down, if you strike to help now, then our Long Family will be completely disgraced and become the laughing stock of the martial arts world, besides, the Eldest Young Master hasn’t sacrificed the divine weapon yet, proving that he is fine now, it’s not the critical moment yet!”
Long Xingxu’s persuasion made Long Jingguo calm down at this point!
The fact that there were still bottom cards on Long Xiao’s body that hadn’t been revealed proved that Long Xiao hadn’t reached the moment of crisis yet.
If he had just made an impulsive move and directly broke the rules of the Martial Arts Alliance, it would really be a bad end!
Thinking of this, cold sweat emerged from Long Jingguo’s forehead.
“Ah …………”
Suddenly, Long Xiao roared out in anger, followed by a blue light that completely wrapped itself around him, his terrifying aura skyrocketing!
“Chen Ping, I’ll give you a fight today, even if I die together, I’ll let you die ……”
Long Xiao turned into a frenzied beast!
His fist ruthlessly smashed towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not show any weakness either, and met it with a fist that instantly resounded with an explosion!
Terrifying power spread through the air, rippling out like a ripple!
Long Xiao’s speed was getting faster and faster, and the aura on his body was climbing, his fists were raining down like rain!
All the crowd could see were two streaks of shadow flying past, and a sound of breaking air resounded in the sky!
“Has Xiao’er gone mad? He’s burning his own blood, does he want to die?”
Looking at the crazy Long Xiao, Long Jingguo’s face turned extremely ugly!
“This Long Xiao, this is joking with his life, burning his essence blood at such a young age, if this continues, even if he wins, I am afraid he will become a ruined man ……”
Zhu Zhishan sighed when he saw that Long Xiao was actually relying on burning his essence blood to improve his strength.
In mid-air, Chen Ping dealt with Long Xiao’s stormy attack, not a single expression could be seen on his face, he was not in a hurry!
“I’ll see how much essence blood you have to burn, when your essence blood is exhausted, it will be your death ……”
Chen Ping said, and his fierce fist smashed directly at Long Xiao!
Long Xiao set up both fists against each other, but the tremendous force still caused Long Xiao’s body to fall down hard!
Seeing this, Chen Ping gave chase with a flash of his body.
“I’ll kill you while you’re sick ……”
Ruthlessness flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes as he followed up by slamming punch after punch on Long Xiao’s body!
In Long Xiao’s mouth, blood gushed out, and the bones all over his body kept making the sound of breaking!
Boom ……
Once again, Long Xiao’s body was viciously smashed into the ground!
Chen Ping then reached out and picked up Long Xiao, who at this moment was like a dead dog, allowing Chen Ping to carry him in his hands!