The crowd looked for the sound, only to see a middle-aged man respectfully supporting a flowery old man as he walked in.
The middle-aged man was Shen Wan-san’s younger brother, Shen Wan-fu, while the elderly man was Zheng Xun, the director of Fengtian First People’s Hospital.
When the Shen family saw Zheng Xun coming, they all hurriedly got up to welcome him and invited him to the main seat.
The arrival of Zheng Xun made the Shen family instantly forget about Chen Ping’s existence, after all, they were skeptical about Chen Ping’s identity as a miracle doctor, after all, Chen Ping was too young, while Zheng Xun was a famous miracle doctor in the whole Northeast.
He had once been offered a hundred million dollars to help him see a doctor, but Zheng Xun refused.
This time, Shen Wanfu invited Zheng Xun, which gave all the Shen family members hope.
Zheng Xun looked at the Shen family with a proud face, and then spoke: “Shen Wanfu, the old man promised you to come over to see your brother, you do not forget my conditions, if you dare to cheat me, you do not look at my old bones, to deal with your Shen family, it is also as easy as a hand …… ”
“President Zheng, I promise you, I will definitely do it, all after you cure my big brother, I will immediately take you to see that 10,000 years ginseng king, if President Zheng is interested, we give priority to President Zheng to buy ……”
Shen Wanfu hurriedly a*sured.
It turns out that the reason why this Zheng Xun could come is also because of that ten thousand year old ginseng king, it seems that he also wants to get this ten thousand year old ginseng king.
“Dean Zheng, as long as you heal my father, any condition is fine ……”
Shen Lang also hurriedly said.
They were putting all their hopes on Zheng Xun right now, if Zheng Xun was not able to do anything, they were afraid that the others would be even more helpless.
Seeing that the Shen family had said so, Zheng Xun nodded, satisfied with the attitude of the Shen family.
“Shen Lang, we were here first, besides Mr. Chen can also heal your father, how come you promised someone else again?”
Zhou Zhiqian was immediately a little upset when he saw that Shen’s family had promised this 10,000-year ginseng king to Zheng Xun.
Shen Lang looked at Zhou Zhiqian, some embarra*sed said: “Uncle Zhou, you find this miracle doctor, we do not know, no one can trust ah, and President Zheng is our northeast this area of the famous miracle doctor, I think you must have heard of it, of course we have to give to President Zheng first ah …… ”
Zhou Zhiqian wanted to say something else, but Chen Ping stopped him, “No need to tell them, no one can treat the man’s illness except me, so it’s okay to let someone else try ……”
Chen Ping knew that this Shen Wansan was not sick at all, nor was there any illness that would be such a symptom, to put it bluntly, Shen Wansan got to be hysterical, not something that could be cured with an injection and medicine.
Chen Ping’s words instantly made Zheng Xun, who was sitting on the sofa, look at him coldly, when he saw that Chen Ping was only in his early twenties, yet he said such wild words, and he said them in front of him, this was obviously not putting him in his eyes.
“Hmph, a youngster, your tone is quite wild, I have been practicing medicine for dozens of years, when I was treating people, I am afraid you are still climbing trees on some mountain ……”
Zheng Xun coldly scolded at Chen Ping.
“Kid, where did you come from? In front of President Zheng, you dare to say such arrogant words, do you know that in our northeast region, President Zheng is known as a miracle doctor, there is no disease that he cannot cure, if President Zheng can’t see it, then no one can see it either ……”
Shen Wanfu surveyed Chen Ping and said with a disdainful face.
“That’s right, I haven’t heard of any illnesses that Dean Zheng can’t see when he strikes!”
“You’re so young, what do you know? You’d better stay where you’re cool ……”
The rest of the Shen family also spoke coldly to Chen Ping.