But in an instant, the blood and cold mist disappeared without a trace!
It was all sucked into the Wuji Order!
And in the mid-air, only bright red blood was left floating down!
This is all Mu Nai Yi’s blood!
Everyone was drenched in this blood!
At this moment, they all froze!
-They all looked at the scene in front of them without knowing what to do!
They wanted to know what kind of treasure was in their hands that could absorb all breath!
In fact, Lin himself was in a state of cowardice at the moment!
He never thought that this Wuji order has such a usefulness!
He thought that this Wuji Order was just a record of the Wuji Sacred Sect’s legacy!
“Fellow Daoist Chen isn’t holding an Immortal Weapon, is he? An Immortal Weapon found here?
It’s quite possible that this is an Immortal Sect, and it’s reasonable to have a few Immortal Weapons here.”
“Immortal weapons, I’ve never seen one in my life.
Everyone looked at ** with envy!
It’s over. ….
Looking at all this, Mu Naiyi whole person is frozen!
She thought that by sacrificing everything, she would be able to kill **!
However, things were different from what she thought!
Originally ** are dying, she has already pressed ** violent beatings, how finally appeared again immortal weapons to it?
“No, it’s not fair, it’s not fair…”
Mu Nai Yi hissed!
Then, as if she had gone mad, she rushed towards **!
Only, at this moment, Mu Naiyi, has already lost the strength of the Mahayana realm, and even the strength is not as good as the Ferrying realm!
All of her breath and blood have been consumed!
Mu Naiyi at this moment can only rely on instinct towards ** attack!
**Looking at Mu Naiyi, he couldn’t help but shake his head!
“Why bother…”
After saying that, he swung the Wuji Order in his hand!
Duh!
After a loud bang, Mu Nai Yi was instantly knocked out of the room, and the whole person was like a ball that ** slapped out of the room at once!
Mu Nai Yi’s body fell heavily in front of Mu Yao and the others!
At this moment, Mu Nai Yi had already recovered her original appearance!
“Missy.
….
Mu Yao hurriedly stooped down and replaced Mu Nai Yi!
But now Mu Naiyi is naked, and Mu Yao has a feast for his eyes!
Mu Nai Yi’s whole body was pale, as if she was frozen in frost!
“I’ve lost.
Mu Nai Yi’s face was expressionless, and after a mouthful of blood, his body shattered like ice!
Mu Nai Yi’s soul slowly levitated.
At this moment, she is only a remnant of her soul, even if she remoulds her body, she will still be an invalid, and it will be impossible for her to cultivate!
This is the price, Mu Nai Yi chose her own path, she must bear the price!
Mu Yao shot out a spiritual force to protect Mu Naiyi’s residual soul, and then looked at **, with a panicked face, said: “*, we lost, from now on, we will never look for your trouble.
I’m not going to be able to do that.
After saying that, Mu Yao was about to leave with Mu Nai Yi’s residual soul.
”Did I let you go? “** voice cold, the figure is even a split second in front of Mu Yao!
“**, do you really want to kill us all? Do you really want to kill everyone? If you do that, you will only make our Mu Family and you will never end up together.
Mu Yao asked!
“You’re going to kill us all? The corner of his mouth lifted: “When you were chasing after the Holy Maiden of the Guanghan Palace, did you ever think of killing them all?”
“When you humiliated the bodies of these holy women, stripping them of their clothes, have you ever thought that there would be today?
Today, none of you Mu family members will be able to leave….
Listening to the words of **, Mu Yao’s face was like ashes, but he could not wait to die!
“Master Ouyang, and all of you, do you know that this ** is the person that the Demon Seal Alliance has been chasing with a hundred years of offerings.”
“Whoever can kill him, can get a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Seal Alliance, do not you want it?
Mu Yao said * the real identity, hope that these people look at the Demon Seal Alliance hundred years of sacrifice, and ** shot!