Chen Ping didn’t stop because of that slap, still moving his hands against Zhu Qingxiu, and holding Zhu Qingxiu to death.
“Holy sh*t, big brother, although this stupid kid was controlled by the sea of consciousness, he is still so fierce towards women ah ……”
The bearded cultivator said in shock!
“Men are just men, you go up and record this scene, I’ll see how this Chen Ping can still mix in the Celestial Realm in the future!”
The green-clothed man said with a cold smile!
The bearded cultivator hurriedly approached over with the recording crystal and kept licking his lips!
But right after he got close, suddenly Chen Ping, who was hugging Zhu Qingxiu, let go and then looked at him with a bad smile on his face!
The bearded cultivator was stunned and before he could react, he only felt a flash of white light in front of him.
The head of the bearded cultivator, who was at the ninth rank of the Transition Realm’s strength, was instantly thrown up high.
Blood continued to spatter as his body fell down heavily.
The recording crystal in his hand fell to the ground and was crushed by Chen Ping’s foot.
Seeing this scene, all of the other rushing demonic cultivators were dumbfounded and froze on the spot.
Just as the bearded cultivator’s head fell off, it was sent flying by Chen Ping’s kick.
“f*ck you …….”
Chen Ping kicked the bearded cultivator’s head into the Dead Sea.
Along with the sea water tumbling, not long after that bearded man’s head turned into a skeleton floating on the surface of the sea.
“You …… you are not even controlled?”
It was only at this time that the man in green reacted to the fact that Chen Ping had not been controlled at all!
“With your little tricks, you still want to attack my sea of consciousness, what a joke.”
“If I was that easily controlled, do you think the Demon Sealing Alliance would still take out a hundred years of offerings to hunt me down?”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile on his face!
“Brat, I’ll kill you ……”
The man in green was teased and instantly became furious as he drew out a long blade and headed towards Chen Ping!
With his person in mid-air, the man in green white waved his long knife, slashing out ten thousand knife lights, as if it was a storm, shooting out towards Chen Ping!
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth slightly raised, his eyes filled with disdain, the entire person’s body erupted with golden light, the Unbreakable Golden Body activated, golden scales covered his entire body!
After the Unbreakable Golden Body activated, Chen Ping unexpectedly directly met the ten thousand blade lights without the slightest hesitation!
“Are you looking for death?”
Seeing this, Zhu Qingxiu hurriedly shouted at Chen Ping!
Where was this kind of appearance, actively meeting the other party’s attack, wasn’t this looking for death?
“Kid, you’re also too crazy, you don’t even dodge and dare to rush over!”
The green-clothed cultivator was furious when he saw that Chen Ping actually dared to meet his blade light!
This was simply looking down on himself too much, at least he was also a Mahayana realm cultivator!
Chen Ping’s body at this moment was emitting a faint golden glow, the Unbreakable Golden Body was attached to Chen Ping’s body, and from afar, it looked like a golden armoured God of War whose entire body was poured with gold!
Bang Bang Bang!
Wherever Chen Ping passed, all of those running blade awns struck Chen Ping’s body, but they did not cause any damage to Chen Ping, instead, those blade awns directly crumbled!
This scene directly made everyone look dumbfounded, that was a strike from a Mahayana realm cultivator, Chen Ping even relied on his body to carry it through!
Moreover, from the looks of it, these attacks could not cause the slightest damage to Chen Ping!
This is simply too incredible, Chen Ping is only at the seventh level of the Transition Realm, even if he is wearing a treasure armour, it is impossible that there is no damage at all!
No one knew that Chen Ping’s current strength had long exceeded the first rank of the Mahayana realm, even if there was no Unbreakable Golden Body to protect his body, Chen Ping’s physical body would have no problem resisting the attacks of the first rank of the Mahayana realm cultivators!
Now with the addition of the Unbreakable Golden Body, the man in green was afraid that it would be somewhat difficult for him to inflict damage on Chen Ping!