Even so, she was still burning her essence blood and fought against the demonic cultivators!
It was death either way, and Zhu Qingxiu no longer cared about her life!
If Chen Ping had a chance to escape, she hoped that Chen Ping would be able to take the Questioning Sword Sect’s secret scrolls with him!
She would die sooner or later anyway!
“Big brother, is this Zhu Qingxiu going crazy? This is preparing to commit suicide!”
A devil cultivator looked at the appearance of Zhu Qingxiu who was close at hand and said in shock!
“She knows that she will die sooner or later, and dying like this will also save her from being spoilt by all of us.”
“Keep an eye on the secret scrolls in her hand, no matter who snatches them in their hands, they must be handed over to me!”
After the green-clothed cultivator finished speaking, he kept his arm waving his long sword straight towards Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu watched on but no longer had the strength to resist, she could only watch the demonic cultivator get closer and closer to her!
At this time, Chen Ping had already finished engraving the last divine pattern, and along with the completion of the last divine pattern, a huge spell formation was instantly activated!
Buzz!
Accompanied by a buzzing sound, ten thousand golden lights flashed out, and that great formation formed by the pillars, instantly the aura went wild, whistling in all directions, while the demonic cultivators that rushed over were repelled one after another, like a flat boat, being washed out of the Dead Sea by the enormous force!
The surrounding pillars are also under this ten thousand golden light, have turned into black mist disappeared, a time the Dead Sea waves, water column is surging up ten thousand feet high!
A dozen or so demonic cultivators, were sent flying into the sky by this power, and even their silhouettes could not be seen!
“What kind of formation is this? How could it be so powerful?”
Ning Zhi’s face changed immediately after seeing this scene in mid-air!
He had never expected that Chen Ping would have laid such a powerful formation in a short period of time at the bottom of the sea!
“Let me see just how powerful you are!”
Ning Zhi’s eyes slightly condensed, his face was even more chilling, all those black qi in the Dead Sea were all absorbed by Ning Zhi onto his palms, and immediately after that, these black qi coalesced into a long spear!
Afterwards, Ning Zhi threw the lance into the dead sea, and the lance was like a thunderbolt, plunging straight into Chen Ping’s position!
Ning Zhi wanted to see whether Chen Ping’s formation was powerful or his spear was!
Whoosh!
The long spear was as fast as lightning and reached the bottom of the sea in a matter of moments!
At this time, Chen Ping had already picked up Zhu Qingxiu, who was dying and covered in blood, and looked at Chen Ping and said in a weak voice, “Don’t worry about me, find a way to escape, and take our Ten Thousand Swords Sect’s secret manuals with you, and don’t let those demonic cultivators take them.”
“I can’t leave, just put me down ……”
Zhu Qingxiu knew that it would be impossible for Chen Ping to escape if he took him with him!
“Don’t worry, I will definitely be able to take you to escape!”
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Qingxiu with firm eyes!
Right at this moment, Chen Ping frowned slightly, and then looked up to see a long spear that directly pierced through the seawater and came straight towards him with a blazing flame!
The speed was fast to the extreme, and the moment Chen Ping looked up, the lance had already arrived in front of his eyes!
The sharp tip of the lance seemed to be able to pierce through everything, the surrounding seawater was squeezed by the fast coming lance, forming a channel of vacuum!
“You quickly go, quickly go ……”
Seeing this, Zhu Qingxiu hurriedly urged Chen Ping to flee and leave her alone!
However, Chen Ping hugged Zhu Qingxiu, but he did not move, he knew that this was Ning Zhi striking with vigour, he wanted to see if the formation laid down by his divine pattern could resist Ning Zhi’s strike!
When Zhu Qingxiu saw that Chen Ping was not leaving, she suddenly erupted her last ounce of strength and broke free from Chen Ping’s arms and fought to push Chen Ping aside!
At the same time, her body erupted into a shower of blood mist as she tried to block the blow for Chen Ping!
Boom!
The long spear instantly exploded at a distance of just one zhang from Zhu Qingxiu’s body.