“No, this formation, even if we combine our efforts, we won’t be able to break it, and we’ll also suffer a backlash.”
Chen Ping hurriedly spoke out to stop the crowd!
“Is it that powerful? What are we going to do then?”
When Ouyang Xing heard this, he was filled with worry!
“How is this formation possible, we still can’t break it with our combined efforts, I don’t believe it anymore, our Zhou family will break him for you.”
When Zhou Silang heard Chen Ping say this, he immediately became a little disbelieving!
As the saying goes, a newborn calf is not afraid of tigers, he had not seen any great formations either, and did not believe that so many people, together, could not break a formation!
Even if they broke through a gap, all of them would be able to escape!
“Zhou family disciples listen to the order, follow me to break the formation!”
Zhou Silang held a long sword, his aura rising!
The Zhou Family disciples also all stood behind Zhou Si Lang, ready to deal a fatal blow to that big formation at any time!
Zhou Qian saw this but did not stop it, presumably because he wanted his son to try!
If they really broke open the grand formation, then their Zhou Family would have face in front of the many pill masters, and their status would definitely rise!
“Old Zhou, aren’t you going to stop it?”
Yan Yuandao asked Zhou Qian!
“Young man, it’s good to practice, even if you can’t break it, you’ll still grow in insight.”
Zhou Qian said.
“Haven’t you heard, that big array can’t be broken, there’s a backlash, aren’t you worried!”
Zhen Yuandao reminded!
“Worry about what, there can be what backfire, alarmist just ……”
Zhou Qian didn’t quite believe what Chen Ping said!
And at this moment, Zhou Si Lang had already made preparations with the Zhou Family’s children!
“Fellow Daoist Zhou, I advise you not to go and test the waters, it’s really dangerous.”
Chen Ping spoke out to persuade Zhou Si Lang!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, thank you for your reminder, but with so many of us, are we going to be trapped here?”
“After all, someone is going to make a move, I’ll come and fight this first battle, I’d like to see what’s so awesome about the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!”
Zhou Silang was young and vigorous, and was not afraid at all!
Chen Ping simply, could only let out a light sigh and not say anything more!
“Si Lang, you have to be careful!”Zhen Huan reminded!
“Huan Huan, don’t worry, I will definitely break the formation, and by then all the pharmacists will think highly of me.”
After Zhou Silang finished speaking, his body leapt up and rushed towards that large formation with the many sons and daughters of the Zhou Family!
The black clouds intertwined into a large net that wrapped around the crowd without boundaries, and within the black clouds, there was also this flickering light!
Zhou Silang rushed in front of him with the many sons and daughters of the Zhou Family and combined their efforts to erupt in a fierce strike!
“Break …………”
Dozens of Zhou Family’s sons and daughters gathered all their power in one place and headed straight for that big black net!
Where the power converged, it was like the sun, erupting with a blinding light, instantly illuminating the entire large formation brightly!
Seeing this scene, the crowd praised it!
“The Zhou Family’s strength is indeed good, and the power of this combined attack is too great.”
“The Zhou Family is worthy of being one of the Four Great Families of Yongle City, this strength is really good.”
“That Zhou Si Lang is young and promising, he has guts and knowledge ah ……”
The crowd praised, causing Zhou Qian to be filled with complacency!
“Prepare the pills to save the people!”Seeing this scene, Chen Ping couldn’t help but shake his head and said!
Zhou Qian was slightly stunned, then he looked at Chen Ping with some displeasure and said, “Fellow Daoist Chen, what do you mean by this? The power of our Zhou Family’s combined strike, you’ve seen it now, could it still not be able to break this formation?”
“Even if it can’t be broken, could these people from our Zhou Family still be injured?”
“Not injured, but dead, these dozens of people from your Zhou family, it is estimated that more than half of them will fall.”
Chen Ping slowly said!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you’re going a bit overboard, how can you curse our Zhou Family’s children like this?”
Zhou Qian got angry and looked at Chen Ping with great displeasure!