“See clearly?”
Taizu said with a faint smile!
“See what? It seems like you didn’t do anything? Did you use an illusion on me just now?”
Chen Ping realised that nothing had changed inside the room, even the table that he had just watched shattered was currently intact in its place!
If it appeared that this Ji Clan Great Ancestor’s finger had not damaged anything, but rather, it had utilised an illusionary technique to confuse Chen Ping’s eyes only.
“Illusion?” The Great Ancestor snorted coldly “Since you can’t read it, then I won’t force myself, perhaps you are not suited for my jutsu.”
After Tai Zu finished speaking, he unexpectedly walked towards me!
Chen Ping frowned, he himself possessed the Origin of Illusion and his Illusion Technique was even more profound, if this Ji Family Great Ancestor was casting Illusion Techniques in front of them, he should not be unaware of it!
But just now, he clearly didn’t feel the presence of illusion techniques, what he saw was real!
But the table that was clearly broken, how did it later become intact again?
Just as the Ji Family’s Great Ancestor was about to walk out of the room, Chen Ping suddenly brightened up and exclaimed “I know, I know, this is …… this is a time spell?”
“What you are using is not an illusion, but a time spell, you can make time stand still, or even go backwards, that’s why the broken table became intact again.”
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, the Great Ancestor of the Ji Clan smiled faintly “A child can be taught, do you think the two of us can exchange?”
“Yes, yes …………”
Chen Ping desperately nodded his head!
What feelings are not feelings, not to mention letting him sleep with the two sisters Ji Meiyan Ji Meiling, even if he slept with all the big girls of the Ji family, Chen Ping would not object anymore!
This is a time technique, if you can learn it, wouldn’t you be able to turn back the clock and bring the dead back to life?
This was simply a miracle, even if he became a stallion for a few days, Chen Ping would be happy to do so!
The Ji Family’s Great Ancestor smiled, then opened the door and walked out!
Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling were still around the bedsheets, waiting outside!
“You two go in, use all your strength to squeeze him, this is our Ji Family’s chance, and it is also the chance of you two.”
“I’m afraid that in the future, there will never be this chance again, and you won’t be seeing him again.”
The Ji Family’s Great Ancestor said indifferently!
Once Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling heard this, the two of them were silent, but they still obediently walked in!
This time, Chen Ping did not resist in the slightest, but instead was particularly proactive!
Soon, a burst of spring sounds came out from inside the room!
One dragon and two phoenixes, simply awesome ……
I don’t know how long it took, but Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling came out draped in bedsheets full of fatigue!
The two trembled as they each went back to their own rooms!
“Senior, I’ve done what I promised you, isn’t it time for you to pass on my mastery?”
Chen Ping shouted to the outside!
Accompanied by a tremor in the void, the Ji Family Great Ancestor appeared, Chen Ping looked at the Ji Family Great Ancestor who had appeared in the room and couldn’t help but snicker “Senior, you wouldn’t have been peeking from the sidelines all this time, would you?”
“Nonsense, I am the Ji Family Great Ancestor, how could I possibly watch the Ji Family women do such things.”
The Ji Family Great Ancestor was a little angry!
“Elder calm down, I was just joking, why would you get angry.”
Chen Ping hurriedly apologised, if the Ji Family Great Ancestor got angry and did not pass on his mastery, then it would not be a big loss!
“Let me tell you, this finger of mine is an Immortal’s Finger, and it can only be performed after possessing the Time Origin.”
“You have to know that both the Time Origin and Space Origin involve true Immortal Arts, so it’s very difficult to learn.”
“Moreover, this Immortal Finger is not something that can change the flow of time at will, or turn back time, at my current level, I can only cast it on dead things to revive them, if I want to revive a dead person, I will never be able to do it.”
The Ji Family’s Great Ancestor said!