This time, Dong Liqun was directly frozen, Mr. Shi hadn’t even come yet, how could it be that Mr. Shi had instructed Chen Ping to do it?
Could it be that he had followed Chen Ping’s instructions in advance?
But it didn’t make sense. On such an important occasion, if Chen Ping had killed someone, wouldn’t that be looking down on Mr. Shi?
How could Mr. Shi have allowed Chen Ping to do that?
Dong Liqun couldn’t understand and stopped thinking about it. He just had to follow Chen Ping closely and do whatever Chen Ping said.
Another ten minutes later, Mr. Shi arrived importantly, followed by Xing Jun!
As soon as he entered the hall, Shi smelt the strong smell of blood and the untreated corpses on the floor.
Mr. Shi frowned slightly, but didn’t say anything, but walked straight to the main seat and sat down.
Xing Jun, on the other hand, was the first to speak up when he saw the corpses on the ground, “What’s going on here?”
When Xing Jun asked, Zhu Zhishan hurriedly said, “Captain Xing, this man was killed by Chen Ping’s hands, and now that the corpse is here, I hope Mr. Shi can give an explanation, this is the Guardian Pavilion, and this is a meeting called by Mr. Shi!”
“This Chen Ping killed someone with his hands on such an occasion, isn’t it too much to put Mr. Shi in his eyes?”
Zhu Zhishan was adding fuel to the fire, he wanted to see how Mr Shi would handle it.
But who knew that Mr. Shi didn’t say anything, instead he waved his hand, “Get rid of the corpse and start the meeting ……”
Xing Jun nodded and immediately ordered people to dispose of the corpse.
This time, so all were a little confused, that Zhu Zhishan also frowned.
Killing someone on such an occasion, and Mr. Shi didn’t even ask questions? This was too much to harbor Chen Ping?
“Mr. Shi, could it be that ……”
Zhu Zhishan looked at Mr. Shi in disbelief, wanting to ask Mr. Shi how exactly he would handle the situation.
But before he could finish his words, Mr. Shi’s gaze instantly looked at him, and there was a majesty in his gaze that scared Zhu Zhishan into shutting his mouth instantly.
“I said, start the meeting, the rest, deal with it afterwards, whoever is not convinced, can leave now ……”
Mr. Shi’s tone was light, but the crowd listening to him was physically tightened.
Who dared to really leave?
Seeing that no one else spoke up, Mr. Shi then slowly continued, “I’ve gathered you all here this time to talk about the resurgence of evil cultivators.”
“Recently it has been reported in various places that there are people in black using the Spirit Devouring Technique to devour the essence of other people to help themselves cultivate!”
“Now that evil cultivators are so blatant, I feel that you, the major clans and lineages, have the responsibility and obligation to eradicate these evil cultivators!”
“The other thing is that the major clan families must be more vigilant.”
After Mr Shi finished his words, many people were in an uproar.
While there were some who had calm expressions, because these people had already known about this matter.
It was just that those evil cultivators had not yet reached out to the Kyoto martial arts community.
“Mr. Shi, have these people in black who have suddenly appeared been identified?”
Someone asked to Mr. Shi.
Mr. Shi, however, shook his head, “It is being checked, these people are very strong, some Martial Sect masters, were not spared.”
Hearing this, some people’s faces began to change, after all, even the Martial Sect experts could not escape the clutches of these men in black, so wouldn’t some small clans and lineages, all be in danger.
Not all clans and families were experts like Martial Sects and Martial Marquis.
“Mr. Shi, do you think these people in black could be possessed by evil spirits? You know that in a great battle many years ago, those evil cultivation experts were almost slaughtered.”
“Now in just a few years, it seems a bit strange for these evil cultivation experts to suddenly appear!”
“Is it possible that it was done by some martial arts experts who were possessed by evil spirits and took control of their bodies?”
Zhu Zhishan began to analyse.