“Out with the sword.” Tanaka Maki’s eyes gaped as the killing aura on his body instantly rose up.
“To deal with you, I don’t need to let out my sword, because once I do, you will never have a chance again.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Arrogant ……”
Tanaka Maki shouted angrily, “I never lay hands on an unarmed person, strike your sword, today I will let you taste our island’s true sword art ……”
Looking at Tanaka Maki like that, Chen Ping turned his head to look at Hu Ma Zi, “Master Hu, that little b*tch is yours to deal with ……”
Hu Ma Zi glanced at Miezi and said with a heated smile, “Don’t worry, I will serve her well.”
Mei Hui Zi felt the lustful gaze in Hu Ma Zi’s eyes, and her face turned red with anger!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, walked towards a willow tree to the side and broke a willow branch from the tree.
“Now that I have a weapon, you can take a shot at me!”
Chen Ping said to Tanaka Maki.
“Eh …………”
Tanaka Maki was instantly confused by this move of Chen Ping.
“Kid, do you want to use a willow branch to fight me?”
Tanaka Maki roared in anger!
He felt that Chen Ping was deliberately trying to disgust him and taunt him!
“A willow branch is enough, I originally did not even want to use a willow branch.”
Chen Ping took the willow branch and stepped out with a single step, his aura instantly exploding.
The power of the divine dragon was injected into the willow branch, and a mediocre willow branch instantly emitted a faint glow, and the originally soft willow branch had now become incredibly hard!
Tanaka Maki was completely enraged, knowing that he was revered by everyone on the island, but now he was being teased by a mere boy like Chen Ping!
The katana in Tanaka Maki’s hand began to buzz and tremble slightly!
A bloodthirsty aura emanates from the katana, and it’s clear that countless souls have died under this katana!
“Buzz ……”
Tanaka Maki moved, the katana in his hand emitting a buzzing sound, followed by a vigorous swing!
A terrifying blade instantly forced its way towards Chen Ping, and a black hole actually appeared in the entire void under this blade!
A single slash caused the void to shatter and black holes to emerge, one can only imagine the power of this slash!
But Chen Ping did not panic and met it with the willow branch in his hand!
The willow branch and the katana clashed fiercely!
Clang …………
A crisp sound, the clash of the willow branch and the samurai sword, surprisingly, made a metal clash sound!
Boom …………
Immediately afterwards there was an explosion, and the scattered aftershocks instantly blew over the people around, even the villa, which was not far away, was also blown into a mess.
Chen Ping’s figure took two steps backwards, and the willow branch in his hand turned into two pieces!
Looking at that Tanaka Maki, he only took a step back, one hand holding his katana in a dead grip, nothing unusual!
So it seemed that Tanaka Maki had won this blow by a small margin!
But Tanaka Maki himself didn’t think so, as he saw that the katana he was holding had a chip on the blade, which had just been cracked by the willow branch.
And Tanaka Maki’s wrist began to tingle and his hand was shaking with the katana!
With this blow, Tanaka Maki had not gained a single advantage, Chen Ping had only used a willow branch and was able to make his katana pop out of its gaping hole and make his arm go numb!
Such terrifying strength and feeling, only Tanaka Maki himself could understand!
If Chen Ping had not used a willow branch, but a genuine treasure sword, the result of the sword just now might have been very different.
Seeing Tanaka Maki standing on top, Mieko knew she could not hesitate, so she waved her hand and charged towards Watanabe Fumio with her men!
Mieko’s mission was to capture Fumio Watanabe or kill him, the Watanabe clan was in her hands for the time being!