Chen Ping returned to the Dragon Gate and felt a surge of Qi within his body. The battle he had just fought following Kazuo Kawaguchi had surprisingly given Chen Ping the feeling that he was about to break through!
Although a 10,000-year-old He Shou Wu had only promoted Chen Ping to the eighth rank of Grand Martial Marquis, he was only one step away from the ninth rank of Grand Martial Marquis!
Having just followed Kawaguchi Kazuo in his battle, Chen Ping could truly feel a stirring in his body!
“Brother Chen Ping, have you found the murderer?”
Long Xingxu saw that Chen Ping had returned, and asked.
Chen Ping nodded, “Inform it down, lift the restrictions, the person has been driven away by me, it’s an island ronin!”
“Also you take out some of the herbs stored by the Dragon Sect, I want to refine some pills ……”
After hearing this, Long Xing Xu nodded and hurriedly went to make arrangements!
Chen Ping then informed Xu Changsheng that when he came to the capital to treat Xing Jun, he should bring more herbs with him!
Chen Ping wanted to use these herbs to refine a spirit gathering pill to try and see if he could break through to the ninth grade Grand Martial Marquis!
If he could break through, then he would have a little more certainty when he went to the island country again!
After giving his account, Chen Ping walked out of the room and slowly looked in the direction of the Martial Alliance, which by now had long since become an office space for the Dragon Sect!
“Yu Qi, where the hell are you?”
Chen Ping sighed, although he knew that Su Yuqi was locked up in a secret realm, but where was he going to find that secret realm?
Chen Ping had to go to the island to deal with the affairs of the Watanabe family, so the search for the secret realm would have to be left to Hu Ma Zi and Zhou Jie!
Even if Chen Ping was there, he wouldn’t be of much help in finding the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect, it would still be Zhou Jie’s turn to do so!
So Chen Ping walked towards the two people’s room, he intended to tell the two people about his trip to the island!
But just as he reached the door of the room, he heard a burst of screams from Zhou Jie, Chen Ping blushed slightly, and could only wait outside until the two were finished!
Chen Ping smoked a cigarette and waited for half an hour before there was no more movement inside the room, and that Hu Ma Zi’s voice rang out, “Chen Ping, come in ……”
Chen Ping pushed open the door and walked in, Zhou Jie’s face was full of Pei red and she hurriedly poured Chen Ping a cup of tea!
“Chen Ping, the night you do not sleep, ran to listen to my wall ah, you own so many women, just choose a random one to sleep with you not on the line ……”
Hu Ma Zi said to Chen Ping with a playful face.
“You know I’m out there, and still get so long, I am something to find you!”
“I’m going to go to the island in the next two days to take care of a personal matter, so the search for the Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm will depend on you and Miss Zhou.”
Chen Ping said with a serious face.
“Go to the island country? What are you going to do on the island? Make a small movie?”
Hu Puzi joked.
“I’m not joking with you, I’m really going to the island!”
Chen Ping then told Pocky Hu about the law enforcement team and what happened to Kawaguchi Kazuo today!
Once Hu Ma Zi heard that, he instantly put away the smile on his face and said through clenched teeth, “D*mn, these island ronin, there’s just no end to it, but it’s too dangerous for you to go to the island by yourself, and that Watanabe family, it’s not as bad as you think, you can’t possibly destroy one of their families by yourself!”
“I’ll go with you, I have friends on the island, I can still have a helping hand when I arrive.”
“No need, you’re going to follow Miss Zhou in search of the Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm, I hope I can find the secret realm when I return.” Chen Ping shook his head!
“I am afraid that you won’t be able to return, I’d better accompany you, the search for the secret realm, Zhou Jie can do it herself, the entrance to that secret realm must be near the Martial Alliance, it shouldn’t be difficult to find ……”
Pocky Hu was worried about Chen Ping’s safety and insisted on following him!
“Mr. Chen, let Grandmaster Hu go with you, you are alone and unfamiliar with the place, there are indeed too many dangers.”
“I can do the search for the secret realm on my own, as long as the entrance to that secret realm is nearby, I can feel it.”
Zhou Jie said to Chen Ping!