The Dharma Protector’s Pavilion!
Ge Fuhai left after dropping Chen Ping off, he did not go inside the Dharma Protection Pavilion, it looked like Ge Fuhai did not like to deal with Mr. Shi too much!
Chen Ping stepped into the Dharma Protector Pavilion and ran into Zhao Wuji head on, Zhao Wuji and Chen Ping hadn’t met each other for a while.
“Mr. Chen ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping had taken the initiative to come to the Dharma Protector Pavilion, Zhao Wuji was excited.
“Pavilion Master Zhao, it’s been a long time ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
“No, I heard that the Martial Alliance has been looking for trouble with you and has sent people after you several times, why are you still staying in Kyoto?”
Zhao Wuji asked, somewhat puzzled.
Although he heard news of Chen Ping from time to time, Zhao Wuji didn’t know much about the inside story.
There were many things that were not for him, the Lord of the Dharma Guardian Pavilion, to interfere with.
What’s more, now that Mr Shi was sitting in the Dharma Guardian Pavilion, Xing Jun would handle some of Chen Ping’s affairs, so Zhao Wuji was not in a position to help Chen Ping.
“I’ve come over to find Mr. Shi about some matters.”
Chen Ping said.
“Oh, Mr. Shi is waiting for you in the hall, let me take you to ……”
Zhao Wuji finished speaking and led Chen Ping towards the hall.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, frowned slightly, he did not understand how Mr. Shi knew he would come and was waiting for him?
After walking into the hall, Zhao Wuji turned around and left in a very sensible manner.
Mr. Shi sat at the main seat drinking tea, while Xing Jun stood at the side.
“Take a seat ……”
After Chen Ping entered, Mr. Shi slowly spoke.
Chen Ping was not polite and sat down directly. Before Chen Ping could speak, Mr. Shi surprisingly took the lead and said, “If you are looking for me to help you, you don’t have to ask, whether it is your mother or your girlfriend, I will not interfere to save them ……”
“To save them, you have to rely on your own ability, if you are not able to protect them, then it might be better for them to be locked up ……”
Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi in amazement, he hadn’t even opened his mouth and Mr. Shi was able to guess what he was thinking!
Chen Ping had indeed come to beg Mr. Shi to see if Mr. Shi could step in and get the Martial Alliance to release the girlfriends in, or get the Dragon Family to release his mother.
But before he could even open his mouth, Mr. Shi blandly refused, which made Chen Ping somewhat embarra*sed.
“Mr. Shi, since you refuse to help, can you tell me how much power the Martial Alliance is hiding now? How can I defeat the Wudao Alliance and save my girlfriend?”
Chen Ping found that his understanding of the Wudao Alliance was too one-sided.
After this one encounter, he realised that the strength of the Wudao Alliance was unfathomable, and that they were able to send out highly powerful experts every time.
Mr. Shi did not speak, but suddenly looked out of the window, his eyes filled with an indescribable confusion!
Chen Ping looked at Mr. Shi with that look, and surprisingly, there was an indescribable sadness in his heart.
Although Mr. Shi had always acted very calmly in front of everyone, with an unfathomable look.
But at this moment, Chen Ping seemed to be able to see through Mr. Shi’s heart, and there seemed to be helplessness in Mr. Shi’s heart as well.
A moment later, Mr Shi resumed that calm look and quietly took a sip of tea.
“You shouldn’t put your eyes only on the Martial Alliance, your real enemy is far more terrifying than the Martial Alliance ……”
After Mr. Shi finished speaking, he got up and left the hall, leaving only a dumbfounded Chen Ping looking at Mr. Shi’s back!
He didn’t understand what Mr. Shi’s words meant?
Why would his real enemy be more terrifying than the Martial Alliance?
And who was his real enemy?
Just as Chen Ping was in a daze, Xing Jun walked up to Chen Ping.
Straight from his pocket, he took out a talisman with a vermilion brush seal on it, but Chen Ping couldn’t read it at all!