The group kept on going deeper and deeper into the Demon Beast Mountain Range, encountering some low level demon beasts on the way, only to be killed in seconds!
For low grade demon beast pellets, these gentry couldn’t look at them!
“Wait a minute ……”
Just as the crowd was cautiously walking towards the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountain Range, Chen Ping suddenly shouted out with a grave expression on his face, causing the crowd to stop!
“What are you kid doing? Why are you stopping?”
Jin Yuan turned around and angrily stared at Chen Ping as he asked.
Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to him, instead his eyes were slightly closed and his divine sense began to spread out in all directions at a rapid pace!
Although Chen Ping’s strength was not necessarily as high as this Jin Yuan’s, his divine sense was far more powerful than theirs!
When Jin Yuan saw that Chen Ping was ignoring him, he became furious and went forward to teach Chen Ping a lesson, but he was stopped by Lu Factory!
When Lv Factory looked at Chen Ping, his face didn’t seem to look too good either!
He knew that although Chen Ping was only a casual practitioner in the secular world, his strength was not low!
“We can’t go forward anymore, there is danger ahead ……”
Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes and warned!
“What’s the danger? How come I don’t feel it? Could it be that you, a fellow of the Third Realm of the Subconsciousness, have a stronger divine sense than me?”
“I didn’t feel it at all, yet you said there was danger ahead.”
Jin Yuan didn’t believe Chen Ping’s words, if there were high-level demonic beasts ahead, if it was going to be dangerous, he would have sensed it long ago!
“I just said it casually, it’s up to you to believe it or not!”
When Chen Ping saw that Jin Yuan didn’t believe him, he just smiled faintly!
“It would be strange if I believed you!” Jin Yuan snorted coldly and prepared to lead his men to continue deeper, but Chen Ping stopped with Hou Zhen and Ge Yuhan, not intending to go any deeper!
Seeing this, Lv Factory surprisingly did not move either, which made Jin Yuan feel a little surprised!
“Duke Lu, you wouldn’t believe this guy’s words too, would you? Can you feel the danger? Can you sense the presence of high-level demonic beasts?”
“I think he’s just talking nonsense, there’s no danger at all!”
Jin Yuan asked as he turned to Lu Factory.
“In my opinion, it is better to be careful, first send two people forward to scout around ……”
Lv factory said cautiously.
“Alright then!” Jin Yuan nodded, and then ordered two of his men to go ahead and scout the way!
Although these two men were also very scared inside, but they did not dare to disobey the order, they could only cautiously scout the way ahead!
After about ten minutes, there was still nothing in sight, so Jin Yuan said with a sneer on his face, “See, there is no danger at all, I really don’t know what you are afraid of!”
Seeing that there was indeed no movement, Lv Factory also relaxed and prepared to lead the men along to continue on!
But just at this time, suddenly two miserable screams, very creepy, came through!
Jin Yuan and Lu Factory, who had planned to move, stopped instantly!
“Roar …………”
Immediately afterwards, a roar resounded through the sky and the earth began to tremble for a while!
At this moment, everyone’s faces turned very ugly!
A terrifying going aura was flying close, and it was extremely fast, almost in the blink of an eye, it was in front of the crowd!
Before the crowd could see what kind of demonic beast it was, they felt a wave of heat hitting their noses, followed by a gale of wind!
So they all sank their qi into their dantian and steadied themselves, but the towering trees around them were blown up by the gale and then disappeared without a trace!
Soon all the trees around Chen Ping and the others were blown away, a large open space appeared, and the demonic beast was exposed to the crowd!
“Roar …………”
The demonic beast raised the sky and roared once more.
Chen Ping saw that the demonic beast was actually a large sized tiger, with blazing flames burning around the tiger, following a glance was the fire wolf that he had encountered had some resemblance!