At this moment, everyone’s heart was in their throat!
After all, a Transitional Realm First Grade cultivator standing still and being slapped by a Transitional Realm Fifth Grade cultivator was something that the crowd didn’t even dare to think about!
It was like an adult hitting a child of a few years old and the child not being able to move!
Boom …………
Elder Lu slapped his palm on Chen Ping’s chest, and the tremendous force caused Chen Ping’s body to sway and stomp back several steps!
It had to be said that Elder Lu’s strength of the Fifth Grade of the Transition Realm was indeed not weak!
Chen Ping only felt his body fluttering as a mouthful of blood reached his throat and was given a hard push back!
At this moment, Chen Ping had a new perception of the strength of his physical body!
If he exploded his Unbreakable Golden Body, this Elder Lu’s palm would never want to be able to injure himself!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping’s face was filled with a smile!
“Understood ……,” Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Everyone looked at Chen Ping dumbfounded, their eyes filled with incredulity!
Even that Elder Lu’s face was full of shock, looking at Chen Ping with disbelief, he really did not understand, how could Chen Ping, who was only a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, take a slap from himself and just take a few steps back and be done with it?
“Mr Chen, you are fantastic …………”
Jin Dong and also Luo Xi could not help but be excited when they saw that Chen Ping was fine!
Elder Lu’s face changed from shock to shame, in front of everyone, he, an Elder of the Xuan Yin Sect, a Fifth Grade Great Cultivator of the Transitional Realm, could not even defeat a First Grade Cultivator of the Transitional Realm, it was too humiliating!
“Elder Lu, you are too merciful, if you used your full strength, this kid would definitely die, I see that you didn’t even exert half of your strength.”
Seeing this, Liu Xueyi hurriedly used his old ways to excuse Elder Lu!
But who knew that Elder Lu shook his head and said, “Although I didn’t use my full strength, I did use more than 80% of my power, this Taoist friend’s physical body is indeed strong.”
Elder Lu didn’t follow Liu Xueyi’s lead and lie, but instead admitted it straight away!
So it seemed that in terms of being a human being, this Elder Lu was much better than Liu Xueyi!
“Elder Lu, I wonder if you still remember our agreement just now?”
Chen Ping asked to Elder Lu!
“Of course!” Elder Lu nodded, then looked at Liu Xueyi and said, “You struck first and any arm that was broken in self-defence is your responsibility, so according to the rules, you must now leave my Xuan Yin Sect.”
Liu Xueyi looked at Elder Lu in disbelief, “Elder Lu, I followed my master here, you …………”
“I don’t care who you came with, you have to leave after breaking the rules ……”
Elder Lu did not give that Liu Xueyi the slightest bit of face!
Just when that Liu Xueyi was a bit helpless, a sudden angry cry rang out, “How dare you, who wants to drive my disciple away?”
An old man wearing a black robe slowly walked over, this old man was none other than the Blood Spirit Peak’s Sect Leader Cheng Jinghui.
Seeing the visitor, Jin Dong and Luo Xi somewhat reluctantly shouted out, “Senior Uncle ……”
Cheng Jing would not even look at the two people and walked straight to Liu Xueyi!
“Master, you have to do it for me ah, my hand was broken ……”
Liu Xueyi said with a face full of aggression!
“Who broke my disciple’s arm, take the initiative to come forward yourself, don’t wait for me to get angry ……”
Cheng Jinghui swept a glance around, and the aura of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm on his body instantly enveloped the crowd!
Feeling this aura, everyone couldn’t help but physically shiver as their gazes looked towards Chen Ping!
Cheng Jinghui instantly knew who had broken Liu Xueyi’s arm, but when he saw that Chen Ping only had a cultivation level of the first grade of the Transition Realm, he felt a little surprised!
However, he thought that Chen Ping had hidden his strength, after all, in the Celestial Realm, there were no longer a few that hid their strength!
Elder Lu’s face also sank as he turned to Cheng Jinghui and said, “Sect Master Cheng, it was your disciple who started the fight and was subsequently injured, so it’s no one else’s fault.”
Cheng Jinghui snorted coldly, “Surname Lu, get the hell out of my way, it’s not your turn to talk to me here, it’s also your Patriarch Kong that’s having a dialogue with me, who the hell are you?”