City of Ultimate Bliss, inside the palace!
Chen Ping was still fainted on the ground, while the mermaid’s eyes became sharp after absorbing some of the aura.
Looking at Chen Ping on the ground, the corners of the mermaid’s mouth lifted slightly.
“I didn’t expect to come across the Dragon’s Son just after waking up after thousands of years, it seems that this is heaven’s favor to me ……”
The mermaid slowly walked in front of Chen Ping.
The mermaid’s pair of eyes, emitting a red glow, scanned Chen Ping’s body as if it were a scanning machine, then the glow disappeared!
“A small YuanYing cultivator, the son of a dragon in the hall is so poor in strength.”
“But the dragon crystal in your body is not small, absorb your brat first, I’ll slowly recover my strength ……”
The mermaid said, and suddenly his body grabbed towards the dragon crystal inside Chen Ping’s body.
But just as the mermaid was about to get his hands on it!
Buzz ……
Suddenly a golden light flashed, and then a human figure actually flew out from Chen Ping’s body!
This figure was incomparably tall, wrapped in radiant scales and emitting an aura that sent shivers down one’s spine!
After seeing the sudden appearance of the human figure, the mermaid was so frightened that she hurriedly retreated in quick succession!
The eyes were filled with terror and unease!
“A mere stinky fish, you want to be a monster too?”
The figure said coldly!
The mermaid trembled and fell to his knees!
His eyes were filled with disbelief: “You …… are …… you are a dragon ……… …”
But not waiting for that mermaid to finish, only to see the silhouette gently wave one hand, a light breath instantly towards that mermaid.
The mermaid didn’t even dodge and instantly went up in smoke, as if it had never been here before.
Only a crystal-clear shark pearl appeared on the ground, indicating that the mermaid had appeared!
The figure slowly turned its head, its deep eyes staring deadly at Chen Ping, its angular face, surprisingly following Chen Ping with a few similarities.
“Child, in the future, you can only go on your own ……”
A hint of tenderness flashed in the eyes of the figure.
Chen Ping seemed to sense something, his eyelids actually moved slightly, only he didn’t wake up!
Rumble …………
The City of Ultimate Bliss was still collapsing with a resounding sound!
With a flick of the hand, the City of Ultimate Bliss, which had been shaking violently and collapsing rapidly, now fell silent!
The wind and waves on the sea caused by the collapse also subsided instantly.
Soon, the figure slowly disappeared, as if it had never come before!
And Chen Ping was still in a coma, oblivious to what was happening outside!
…………
Kyoto!
This trial and return, many joys and many sorrows!
Many clan families had lost their most outstanding sons, but just as many had received a generous reward, a large amount of beast pills that would allow them to train a few more experts.
Only this trial has also put the Dragon Family and the Martial Alliance in the middle of a storm, and some smaller clan families have taken place on the forum, denouncing the Dragon Family’s practices!
And at this moment, Long Jingguo of the Long Family looked at Long Xiao, who had broken his arm, and had an indescribable feeling inside!
“Xiao’er, you have been too reckless in this trial, isn’t this making enemies for our Long Family?”
Long Jingguo said to Long Xiao.
Many clans and families had denounced the Long Family, causing the reputation of the Long Family to be in tatters!
“Dad, when a great man does something, how can he care about the smallest things, look at this time I brought back so many beast pills, how many experts can I train for our Long Family?”
“And with these beast pellets, I am confident that I will become the number one in the martial arts world of Kyoto in a short period of time.”
Long Xiao said with his eyes slightly glued, all proud.
“Ai ……” Long Jingguo sighed slightly, then said, “Then did you guys watch Chen Ping die with your own eyes?”
“No, but the entire Dragon Locking Island collapsed and disappeared into the sea, that Chen Ping wouldn’t have survived at all, it’s just a pity that those beast pills within that Extreme Bliss City.”
A trace of pity flashed across Long Xiao’s eyes.