“She is a very good girl, although she doesn’t have much talent, nor high strength, and even less background behind her, but she is kind, she doesn’t have the utilitarian heart of those cultivators in the Celestial Realm, who are chasing after ascension to immortality.”
“There are countless girls around me, only when I’m with her can I feel true happiness and warmth!”
“…………”
The more Xiao Feng spoke, the more gentle his eyes became and his face was filled with a smile!
At this moment, Xiao Feng could no longer see a trace of his tyrannical and manic appearance!
After speaking, Xiao Feng did not hesitate to pick up the poison pill and directly threw it into his mouth!
There was no hint of hesitation!
“I can die, but I can’t forget her, I’m going to find her.”
“Thank you, thank you for helping me free myself, if there is an afterlife, I will repay you in return!”
Xiao Feng looked at Chen Ping gratefully!
“There is no need to come to the afterlife, you will have the chance to repay me!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and turned around to walk off the frame, while Xiao Feng was dumbfounded, not knowing what Chen Ping’s words meant!
But soon, he felt his whole body as if it was burning with flames, and his whole body seemed to be about to explode!
He knew that this was the Poison Pill having an attack!
Xiao Feng did not roar and scream, instead, he sat in the iron cage and quietly waited for death!
Soon, Xiao Feng felt his consciousness getting blurred, as if he saw his beloved girl!
Xiao Yuanshan looked at his son with great pain in his heart!
As for Chen Ping, he walked directly to Xiao Yuanshan, and then said softly, “Emperor Xiao, as I said, placing him in death is the only way to survive, that although it is a poisonous elixir, it is also the elixir that will unlock the knot in his heart.”
“In fact, Emperor Xiao is not sick with anything, it is only because of his lovesickness that has caused the sea of consciousness to mutate and his spirit to split. Split.”
“To be exact, it is a split personality. Split, is considered a kind of mental illness!”
“Mental illness?”Xiao Yuanshan frowned slightly, “Acromegaly?”
“Does your son have a girl that he likes very much?”Chen Ping asked!
“That’s right, he does like a girl, only that girl is just a child of an ordinary family with no power or influence, and her realm of strength is not good enough to help Feng’er at all, so I didn’t agree to them being together.”
“In order to let Feng’er die, I said that the girl was already dead, so don’t let him be thinking about each other.”
Xiao Yuan Shan nodded and said!
“So, that girl didn’t die?”Chen Ping asked!
“Yes, it didn’t die and has been living in the Western Region.”
Xiao Yuanshan said!
“That would be great, my poison dan, it only kept him from being mentally split for a while. Split, if that girl didn’t die, as the saying goes, the bell must be unlocked, in order for your son to be cured, only that girl can do it!”
Chen Ping said!
“It turns out that my son’s illness is all because of that girl, I didn’t expect him to be so emotionally attached to the girl.”
“Ai, it’s all because I’m an old fool, why did I block it and almost killed my own son.”
“Now that Feng’er has taken the poison pill, won’t he die?”
Xiao Yuanshan had a few moments of trust in Chen Ping at this moment!
“Of course he won’t, although that poisonous dan is indeed capable of taking a life, but everything is mutually exclusive, my poisonous dan is exactly the one that restrains mental split. Split.”
“With Emperor Xiao’s strength, although the poison pill will cause partial damage to his body, it will never be fatal.”
Chen Ping assured!
Along with Chen Ping’s words, suddenly a mouthful of blood spewed out from Xiao Feng, followed by a splitting headache as his eyes became scarlet!
Everyone was shocked as they looked at Chen Ping, now that Xiao Feng was all like this, it should have been a poisonous elixir attack, and he was probably not going to survive!
But Xiao Feng, after spraying several mouthfuls of blood furiously, he violently fell head first!
Xiao Yuan Shan rushed forward to open the iron cage and carried Xiao Feng out!
After about an incense stick of time, Xiao Feng unexpectedly woke up leisurely!
Although the aura on his body was obviously much weaker, but the tyrannical and manic aura was gone!