After seeing Su Yuqi, Chen Ping’s eyes instantly turned scarlet, his fists clenched and his teeth clenched!
Chen Ping pressed one hand on Ning Zhi’s head and stared at the Devil Envoy with a deadly stare, “Let my girlfriend go or I’ll kill him now ……”
The Devil Envoy had a cold smile on his face, “You can do it, he’s a waste now, he’s not of the slightest use to our Demon Heart Sect ……”
“But your girlfriend is of immense importance to you then ……”
Having said that, I only saw in the image in front of me, a guy wrapped in black robes, holding a leather whip in his hand, surprisingly kept on beating Su Yuqi’s body!
Although no sound could be heard, Su Yuqi’s painful expression could be clearly seen!
Looking at Su Yuqi right in front of his eyes, being tortured like this, Chen Ping’s body was trembling and a tear of blood flowed out of his eyes!
The terrifying killing aura from Chen Ping’s body instantly rose up and away, and the pervasive killing aura continued to spread, enveloping half of Kyoto City!
Countless martial arts families ran out of their homes, their eyes filled with terror, for this kind of killing aura, they had never felt before!
Inside the Protector’s Pavilion, Mr. Shi frowned slightly and forgot to glance in the direction of the Martial Dao Alliance, “This Chen Ping, when will his nature be more stable, at this rate, he will easily be taken advantage of.”
“Mr. Shi, you are so worried about that Chen Ping, why don’t you go and help him out?”
Xing Jun asked, puzzled.
He was guarding Shi’s side and had often seen Shi worrying about Chen Ping’s affairs, and he did not understand that with Shi’s strength, he should be able to help Chen Ping out very easily.
“I can help him for a while, but I can’t help him for a lifetime, all paths need to be taken by himself, this is his fate, destined from the moment he was born …………”
Mr. Shi sighed lightly, then turned around and went back to his room.
And at this time, Chen Ping was facing that demon amba*sador, his whole face was full of fierceness, as if he had gone mad.
“My day. D*mn you, if I don’t kill you all, I swear I won’t be a human being ……”
Chen Ping said one word at a time, and his entire body rushed towards that demon amba*sador like a cannonball!
Boom …………
Chen Ping ruthlessly hit the body of the demon amba*sador, but it directly penetrated through, it turned out that this was only a shadow of the demon amba*sador, not his real body!
Chen Ping’s blow directly crushed the demon envoy’s shadow!
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping I’m telling you, if you dare to kill Ning Zhi, the torture your girlfriend will suffer will be more than just a flogging ……”
The devil amba*sador’s shadow disappeared, leaving behind only an icy voice!
Chen Ping’s anger was at its peak at this point, but there was nothing he could do, he wanted to go on a killing spree!
But how could he talk about going on a killing spree when he couldn’t even enter the secret realm?
“Chen Ping, at this time, you can’t lose your mind, obviously that old thing is deliberately trying to provoke you!”
Seeing that Chen Ping’s eyes were scarlet and seemed to be showing signs of demonic transformation, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly stepped forward and spoke to Chen Ping to persuade him!
“Brother Chen Ping, you have to calm down ……”
Long Xingxu also rushed forward to persuade Chen Ping.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s mood had slowly calmed down and the scarlet in his eyes had receded!
Looking at the entrance to the secret realm in front of him, but he just couldn’t open it, Chen Ping could only sigh and turn around and say, “Let’s go back ……”
Chen Ping walked up to Ning Zhi and gave that Ning Zhi a fierce kick!
The group then went back to the Dragon Gate!
Chen Ping knew that Ning Zhi should be very important to the Demon Heart Sect, otherwise that Demon Envoy wouldn’t have shown up, nor would he have used Su Yuqi to threaten himself!
Although they had said that Ning Zhi was not important, they had nevertheless warned themselves repeatedly that they could not kill him!
Even if the Demon Heart Sect didn’t warn him, Chen Ping wouldn’t kill Ning Zhi, he would let Ning Zhi watch himself destroy the Demon Heart Sect and let his psyche crumble a little ……