The cold pool returned to calm, but at that moment, on the surface of the pool, a wave rose up and then headed towards Qian Feng like a sharp arrow, this wave seemed to cut the whole cold pool apart!
Seeing this, Qian Feng leapt up, and the boat under his feet instantly became shattered under the wave.
Qian Feng was able to dodge the wave, but his men behind him suffered, as the wave directly overturned the boat, and the people on board were all blurred with flesh and limbs as if they had been strangled by a sharp weapon, falling into the cold pool!
The poisonous creatures in the cold pool, smelling the blood, rushed out and ate all the limbs that fell into the cold pool!
The rest of the Xuan Yue Valley people were so scared that they instantly lost colour and hurriedly ran back to the shore!
“You really do have some skills, no wonder you could make my four elders betray!”
Qian Feng smiled coldly in mid-air, followed by his body slowly falling above the water, treading on the water!
If the Eldest Elder hadn’t followed Chen Ping long ago and said that there were stone pillars in the water, Chen Ping would have really thought that this Qian Feng was strong enough to stand on water!
Chen Ping’s body also slowly fell down, but he landed on a floating plank, stepping on water, Chen Ping could do it, but if he didn’t have the borrowed strength, Chen Ping would have to consume a lot of his spiritual energy to support himself, now there were many pieces scattered all over the cold pool, so Chen Ping only needed to borrow a little to save a lot of energy!
Chen Ping looked at Qian Feng, his eyes bursting with a green aura, and said with a disdainful look, “Those who deceive their teachers and betray their master, you are also worthy to say the word betrayal, it’s a joke …………”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing. He’s just relying on his physiognomy to cheat and deceive!”
“I see that you are young and have extraordinary strength, why don’t you cooperate with me, I can guarantee you a higher level of strength, it’s better than helping that old thing Shen Dianshan, he is just using you!”
“In that case, you won’t pursue the matter after I killed your Xuan Yue Valley people?”
Chen Ping said with a playful smile!
“Haha, those few people you killed are just childish in my Xuan Yue Valley, in my eyes they are just pawns, no different from the parasites I raise, since you killed them, then you killed them, you can force out my parasites, proving that you also understand these poisons, as long as you cooperate with me, I can introduce you to the Miao Village Poison King, so that he can teach you the art of poison mastery How about that?”
Qian Feng laughed loudly and kept throwing out olive branches!
Just the strength Chen Ping had just shown was enough for Qian Feng to take seriously, such a strange man, Qian Feng was eager to take him for his own use!
“You know someone from the Miao Village?” Chen Ping was puzzled!
“More than that, the Miao Village Poison King is my righteous father, I disfigured myself to come to Xuan Yue Valley, just hoping to get the resources of Xuan Yue Valley, soon this Xuan Yue Valley will become the second Miao Village!”
Qian Feng said with a smug look on his face.
“Hey, it seems that killing you will have to follow the Miao Cottage to make enemies again, how f*cking annoying …………”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, this period of time things are too much, he did not have enough time to cultivate, see the 15th of July is coming, although he has reached the Foundation Establishment stage, but listen to Shen Dianshan once said he had a calamity on the 15th of July, Chen Ping thought of his strength in improving some, when the time comes, also have the bottom!
“What did you say?” Qian Feng’s face was cold: “You can kill me, it’s a joke ……”
After Qian Feng finished speaking, his toes lightly clicked on the surface of the water, the whole person once again rose up in the air, then with a wave of his palms, the water of the cold pool boiled up again, and then coalesced into a huge wave, heading towards Chen Ping!