The divine sense of Ni Sidao enveloped Chen Ping’s body, but Chen Ping did not resist in the slightest, allowing Ni Sidao to probe his strength.
After some probing, Ni Sidao frowned slightly, Chen Ping’s strength was indeed the strength of a Grand Master, but in Chen Ping’s body, there was also an obscure aura, Ni Sidao could not detect what it was, maybe Chen Ping had some magic treasure on his body, it was possible that Chen Ping was relying on this.
“You are only a Grand Master strength, and you dare to propose a solo fight, are you impatient to live, or do you feel that you have something to rely on?”
Ni Sidao said with a cold smile.
These words were meant to nod at Chen Ping, to tell him that he already knew his secret.
Chen Ping looked arrogant and said, “There is no need for any reliance to win against you, just use whatever skills you have ……”
“What an arrogant tone, today I will kill you with just one hand ……”
After Ni Xidao finished speaking, his sleeve robe bulged like a long dragon, followed by countless spots of light converging towards Ni Xidao, his entire body emitting a dazzling light.
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.
Looking at the storm that had coalesced in front of Chen Ping, the corner of Ni Sidao’s mouth lifted: “A trivial skill ……”
After saying this, Ni Xidao’s sleeve robe instantly shot out two talismans, followed by the light gathered on his body shining on the two talismans, instantly transformed into two huge dragons with golden light, towards Chen Ping hurriedly and.
Seeing this scene, Xu Changsheng several elders were instantly shocked: “The power of this spell, it is really powerful ……”
Rumble …………
Two golden dragons, under the waving of Ni Sidao’s hands, also followed and tossed up and down, heading straight for Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was not afraid at all, one hand gently waved, followed by the storm in front of him towards the two golden dragons, and soon the two golden dragons were wrapped by the storm around their bodies and also spun together.
Under the rapid rotation, the two golden dragons instantly dissipated, turning back into specks of light, while the storm also gradually disappeared.
At this moment, apart from the wreckage left between Chen Ping and that Ni Sidao, neither of them had changed in the slightest, as if they had not fought.
“Is that all you’ve got?” Chen Ping said with a sneer in his eyes.
Ni Sidao’s face was incomparably ugly, his eyes were slightly frozen as he stared at Chen Ping, fiercely gritting his teeth as he said, “I didn’t expect you to be so proficient in the arts, it was me who underestimated you, today I will show you my Dragon Trapping Formation ……”
After Ni Sidao finished speaking, he slowly stretched out his two palms.
Immediately afterwards, he recited words under his breath, spitting out an ancient and pale incantation, and his hands simultaneously kept striking out magic seals, which kept bursting in mid-air.
Soon, the top of the mountain seemed to shake, and then around Chen Ping, a crack appeared, from which an arm-thick chain emerged, with countless fierce Qi coalescing on the black chains.
There were nine chains in total, like nine pythons with their mouths wide open, ready to attack Chen Ping at any moment, and at this moment Chen Ping’s brows were tightly furrowed together.
Originally, Chen Ping still wanted to use his Heart Condensation Technique to absorb the fatal Qi within this Dragon Trapping Formation, but looking at this situation, he was afraid that before he could absorb all the fatal Qi from everyone, he would be decapitated by that Ni Sidao, whose strength, too, exceeded Chen Ping’s imagination.
“Chopping Dragon Sword ……”
Chen Ping’s right hand opened and immediately afterwards a sword rising with flames appeared in Chen Ping’s hand.
Seeing the Dragon Chopping Sword, Ni Sidao’s eyes instantly opened round: “So this is your reliance ………………”