And that Pill Dignitary was as if he hadn’t heard the others’ comments, coldly looking at Chen Ping and saying “Dare you compare yourself to me?”
“How dare you not, just give me a look at the formula for this Jade Clear Pill, I haven’t refined this kind of pill!”
Chen Ping said to Pill Dignitary!
“You want to see the Dan formula?” The Pill Dignitary was stunned!
“Nonsense, I still don’t know the ingredients of this pill, how can I refine it ah, of course I need to look at the Dan formula, but it only takes a glance.”
Chen Ping said with some impatience!
Although that Medicine Zun’s face was ugly, he still took the Dan formula to Chen Ping!
After all, the other party hadn’t even refined this kind of elixir before, and with just a glance at the Dan formula, he wouldn’t be able to win over himself in any way.
And seeing that Chen Ping had not refined the Jade Clear Pill and still dared to compete, the crowd nearly fainted!
This was a contest of playing with one’s life!
But Chen Ping was just on the verge of a fight?
It would be a hell of a thing if this was able to beat Pill Dignity.
The Jade Clear Pill was Pillfather’s most skilful pill!
Although Ji Cheng on the side did not know how to refine pills, he had never seen anything like this temporary reading of the Dan formula!
“Although this guy has some skills, but this time the bull has blown it a bit too far, watching the Dan formula refining on the spot, not to mention winning, I’m afraid that he may not be able to refine that Jade Clear Pill.”
“I really don’t know what’s inside this guy’s head, this Jade Clear Dan, even if the Dan formula is not refined for a few months, the success rate can’t be reached, and he still wants to follow Pill Zun than.”
“That’s funny, isn’t this joking with his life? If this kind of temporary clasp is able to win against Pillfather, I will directly kowtow to the master.”
Regarding Chen Ping’s performance of this improvising, the crowd all murmured!
And that Pill Exalted looked at Chen Ping’s serious look at the Dan formula and laughed out coldly!
“Alright, I’m done reading, I can start ……”
Chen Ping returned the Dan formula to the Pill Exalt!
“Are you sure this is the way to compete with me?” The Pill Dignitary looked at Chen Ping with a face full of doubt to reconfirm!
“Of course, a great man’s word is his bond, in front of so many people, since I promised you, I will definitely compete with you.”
Chen Ping said with a face full of confidence!
“Good, it looks like I’m going to cure you of this stiff upper lip today.”
After the Pillfather finished speaking, he then waved his hand and asked his men to bring out two furnace pots!
Chen Ping glanced at them then waved his hand “I have my own furnace pots, I don’t need this ……”
“Kid, this is a high-level stove, for alchemy has twice the effect with half the effort, are you sure you don’t want to use it?”
Pillfather looked at Chen Ping in disbelief!
“This kid, is simply nonsense, the stove cauldrons that the Pillfather took out are all high-grade goods.”
“I’d like to see what kind of stove cauldron this guy can have, not even using the high-grade stove cauldron prepared by the Pillfather!”
“Don’t end up taking out broken copper and iron, that would be a disgrace.”
The crowd whispered!
“What kind of potion can you practice with a broken copper like yours, of course I won’t use it!”
Chen Ping said with disgust!
As soon as Pill Dignitary heard Chen Ping even refer to his cauldron as a broken copper and iron, he was instantly annoyed and said “Good, I would like to see what kind of good cauldron you kid has.”
After saying that, Pill Dzun let his men carry one of the stove tripods away!
“Alright, bring out your stove tripod!”
Pillfather said in a tone of waiting for a joke!
The crowd also stared at Chen Ping dead on, to see what kind of Furnace Cauldron Chen Ping was able to take out!
Only to see that Chen Ping was not in a hurry and directly took out the Divine Nong Ding from his storage ring!
The moment the Shen Nong Ding appeared, the scene was immediately covered with a simple and sacred aura!
“This …… this is …… this is the Divine Nong Ding?”
The moment he saw the Divine Farmer’s Tripod, Pill Dignitary’s eyes widened and he was directly dumbfounded!
Everyone else was also instantly dumbfounded, their eyes wide open, their mouths round and their harangues flowing outwards!
“Heavens, Divine Nong Ding, this is the Ancient Divine Tripod ah ……”
“No wonder this kid is so rampant, so there is a Shennong tripod in his hand.”
“Followed by the Shennong tripod than, just now the pill father took out the stove tripod, is really a broken copper.”
The crowd went crazy and kept talking!