Xiao Lei looked and saw that it was indeed Chen Ping, a cold aura flashed in his eyes and he walked over!
Seeing this, Geng Shanshan hurriedly followed him, her eyes full of resentment as she stared at Chen Ping, the scene she had just seen in the mall was still fresh in her mind!
“Chen Ping, do you deserve to come here even if you are like that? Do you know who are the people who come here?” Xiao Lei looked at Chen Ping with an air of condescension, “Wearing new clothes, you think you’re a high cla*s person?”
Chen Ping gave Xiao Lei a cold look and didn’t pay any attention to him.
“Chen Ping, where is the rampant look you had at the mall? Where is your beautiful Miss Su, why doesn’t she take you in? Is it that she can’t even get in herself? Fie …………” Geng Shanshan spat at Chen Ping again fiercely, this time with Xiao Lei around, she didn’t believe she would dare to let her rub it off!
Chen Ping’s face was slightly cold: “Remember, I’ll make you lick it off like a dog later!”
“Hahahaha, bah ……” Geng Shanshan laughed and spat again, “Who do you think you are, you still let me lick it off for you, aren’t you just a reformed labourer, what’s the big deal.”
“Look at this, a reformed prisoner dressed like a human being wants to attend a party, don’t even look at yourself!”
Geng Shanshan shouted, causing many people to look around!
Chen Ping was indifferent, quietly watching Geng Shanshan’s vigorous performance!
“Xiao Lei, who is this person, he looks strange!”
At this time, a young man of a similar age to Xiao Lei asked.
You know that the people who come here are all dignified people in Hong City, or family members, and they all know each other or have met each other!
But looking at Chen Ping, who was very unfamiliar and did not look like someone from the upper cla*s circle, someone asked Xiao Lei curiously!
“He ah, he is my girlfriend’s former boyfriend, he was a dog licker for my girlfriend for three years, he didn’t even hold hands, then I got him into jail, he did three years in jail, he just got out two days ago!”
Xiao Lei explained with a cold smile on his face.
When Xiao Lei said so, the people around cast contemptuous glances at Chen Ping, people of noble status like them did not care to follow a reformed labourer like Chen Ping and stand together.
All the people avoided Chen Ping, whispering and sneering, while Chen Ping looked as calm as if he hadn’t heard!
“Chen Ping, you have really thick skin from practicing in prison, you’re already like this, do you still have the face to stay here?”
Geng Shanshan saw that Chen Ping didn’t seem to care, and immediately said with a cold face.
“Chen Ping!”
Just then, Su Yuqi had already made arrangements and walked over, and when she saw Geng Shanshan and Xiao Lei, she immediately frowned, “What are you two doing here?”
“Of course we’re here for the banquet!”
Geng Shanshan said with an arrogant look on her face.
With Xiao Lei backing her up, she didn’t have to be in fear of Su Yuqi.
“Pfft ……” Su Yuqi laughed out loud at once, “Attending a banquet, why don’t you guys go in? Is it because there is no invitation and you are not allowed to enter at all?”
Geng Shanshan opened her mouth but didn’t make a sound, because they really couldn’t get in without an invitation!
Seeing Geng Shanshan’s defeated look, the corners of Su Yuqi’s mouth lifted slightly as she took Chen Ping’s hand and said, “Come on, let’s go in!”
Seeing Su Yuqi and Chen Ping going in, Geng Shanshan was stunned, “Do you have an invitation?”
“I won’t tell you!” Su Yuqi said with a smug smile!
Geng Shanshan was about to die of anger, but when she saw Su Yuqi and Chen Ping heading towards the back door, she immediately reacted, “Brother Lei, they are planning to sneak in from the back, and they don’t have an invitation either!”
Xiao Lei also noticed and hurriedly went forward to stop Chen Ping and Su Yuqi, “You two don’t have an invitation, how can you sneak in through the back door, I’m going to denounce you!”
“Xiao Lei, are you a bogeyman? This Regal Hotel is our family’s, I can enter from wherever I like, I’ll jump in through the window, what do you care?”
Su Yuqi shot a glance at Xiao Lei and said with the look of a brakeman.
Xiao Lei was instantly choked up and had nothing to say!
“You few keep an eye on them both, if they dare to enter through the back door, beat me out!”
Su Yuqi barked at a few of the security guards!
“Got it, Missy!”
The few security guards had Geng Shanshan and Xiao Lei directly under their watch!
Su Yuqi pulled Chen Ping into the hotel through the back door, looking at the backs of the two, Xiao Lei and Geng Shanshan stomped their feet in anger!