Shi Qingpei pulled up Shi Yan and turned around and ran away!
But Chen Ping didn’t go after them, after all, he was here to borrow the Heaven’s Opportunity Order, he didn’t really want to drive the Hundred Refinement Pavilion to extinction!
Seeing Shi Qingpei and his son run away, the other members of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion also scattered in a flurry!
In an instant, only Chen Ping and Hu Pazi were left in the huge hall!
“sh*t, I haven’t even had my fun yet, why did they all run away?”
Pocky Hu cursed as he held the purple gold gourd!
“Alright, we’re here to get the Heaven’s Chance Order, not to kill anyone.”
Chen Ping finished his sentence and planned to leave, after getting the Heavenly Chance Order, he had to go and rescue Su Yuqi as soon as possible!
“Wait a minute ……”
Just as Chen Ping was about to leave, Pocky Hu called out to him!
“Master Hu, do you have anything else?”
Chen Ping asked, puzzled.
“There are so many magic tools, what a pity for us to leave like this ……”
Pocky Hu finished speaking and started looking for something to frantically load the magic weapons with!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then directly opened his storage ring and swept away all the magic weapons!
Although Chen Ping couldn’t use these magic weapons, but giving them to those in the Dragon Sect would definitely increase the strength of the Dragon Sect!
Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu and rushed back to Kyoto!
With the Heavenly Mystery Decree, Chen Ping would be able to open the entrance to the Demon Heart Sect’s secret realm, and he would be able to rescue Su Yuqi!
When the two of them arrived in Kyoto, it was already dark, but Chen Ping didn’t dare to have the slightest rest, and he rushed to the entrance of the secret realm with the Heavenly Chance Order without stopping his hoof!
Zhou Jie had already received the news in advance and was waiting for them at the entrance to the Secret Realm!
With a wave of Zhou Jie’s hands, the entrance appeared, and Zhou Jie said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, where is the Heavenly Chance Order?”
Chen Ping handed the Heavenly Chance Order to Zhou Jie, and Zhou Jie punched a spiritual energy into the Order!
In an instant, the Heavenly Opportunity Order flickered with light, followed by Zhou Jie throwing it directly towards the entrance of the secret realm, accompanied by a bright burst of light.
With a buzzing sound, the entrance to the secret realm in front of her emitted a glowing light, a piercing light that illuminated the entire dark night!
After the entrance opened, the Heavenly Mystery Order reverted back to Zhou Jie’s hand!
“Mr. Chen, the entrance is open!”
Zhou Jie handed the Order of Heavenly Chance to Chen Ping, but Chen Ping didn’t bother to take it!
“Keep the Heavenly Chance Order for now, I’m going in to save Yu Qi, so I don’t know what’s going on yet, it’s not quite safe to keep it on me ……”
Chen Ping entered the secret realm to save Su Yuqi, after all it was an unknown environment, Chen Ping didn’t know what dangers he would encounter!
“Chen Ping, I’ll go in with you ……”
Hu Pazzi said.
“Master Hu, you’d better stand guard outside, I’ll go in first to explore the way, if I really encounter danger, I can still escape.”
After all, Pocky Hu was much weaker, so Chen Ping didn’t agree to let him follow him in!
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he took a step towards the entrance, and soon his body disappeared into that light!
Just as Chen Ping’s body disappeared, suddenly the void shook and the entrance in front of him instantly closed!
At this moment, both Hu Ma Zi and Zhou Jie who were outside panicked!
“What’s going on?”
Hu Ma Zi asked.
“I… I don’t know either. ……”
Zhou Jie’s hands and feet were scrambling to activate the spell, but the entrance in front of her didn’t even appear!
Soon Zhou Jie’s head was already covered in cold sweat!
“Bad, bad, we’re afraid we’ve fallen for that Demon Heart Sect’s trick.”
Hu Ma Zi looked at the disappearing entrance and stomped his feet in anxiety!
But at this moment, Chen Ping didn’t even know it yet, he only felt a strong light flash before his eyes, and immediately after that all the scenery changed!
Although the time and space in the secret realm was the same as that of the secular world, and it was also dark now, but the aura full of spiritual energy, and the lush green mountains and forests, the environment here was much better than the Fire Sect secret realm where the Ge family land was located!