He did not follow Lin Keting about the Sword Domain, after all, Lin Keting’s identity was still a mystery to him, Chen Ping couldn’t follow Lin Keting about everything!
“Then let’s get out of here quickly, I always feel a little uncomfortable here!”
Lin Keting was a little scared, she felt weird here!
However, Chen Ping did not want to leave in a hurry, perhaps there were treasures amongst these messy items!
“No rush, let’s look around, maybe we can find other treasures, since we ventured here once, we always need to gain more!”
Chen Ping said, and began to rummage amongst those items!
“Stop searching, instead of searching like this, it would be better to collect them all!”
Lin Keting finished speaking and took out her storage bag, then with a wave of her hand, all those items in the field went into the storage bag!
Regardless of whether they were treasures or rubbish, they were all collected!
It was better to go out and look for them rather than slowly searching here!
Lin Keting did not want to stay here for even a moment!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only smile helplessly, “Alright, let’s go out then, I guess everyone else is anxious.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he looked around, this was the fourth level of the tower, it was just that the spatial dimension was different, so they couldn’t see Ji Yun and the others!
But this dimension could be broken, since the previous suppressed person, could use treasures in other dimensions to lure others into this place!
Then there was definitely a way out as well, after all, the space they were in together was the same, and how they changed dimensions, they were still within this tower!
So it was easy to go back and find Ji Yun and the others!
Chen Ping took out the Dragon Slashing Sword, a sword intent surged into the Dragon Slashing Sword, and the Dragon Slashing Sword emitted a gurgling dragon sound!
“Let me break through this spatial dimension and see ……”
Chen Ping said, he was about to swing out his sword, he was going to use brute force to break through the space here!
But just as Chen Ping was about to strike his sword, there was a sudden spatial fluctuation around him, and Ji Yun’s and their figures unexpectedly appeared!
Seeing this, Chen Ping withdrew his hand in a panic, if this sword went down, he might have injured someone!
“Mr Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping and Lin Keting appear, Ji Yun hurriedly shouted!
“How’s it going, any gains yet?”
“I have a feeling that the last suppressed person was also a very powerful character ……”
Old Black said!
“There aren’t any treasures, it’s all just a bunch of rags.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Let’s go out, I always have a bad feeling!”
Lin Keting’s face was a little less than favourable as she urged Chen Ping to leave this tower!
“Alright, let’s go!”
Chen Ping nodded!
“Mr Chen, can you take us out as well?”
Cen Biqing hurriedly asked!
“Of course we can, we are all of the same clan, there is no way I can be watching you being suppressed here.”
Chen Ping said!
Cen Biqing and Old Black were both Dragons, although they were not of the same lineage, it was impossible for Chen Ping to stand by and watch as people of the same clan were trapped!
“Many thanks, Mr Chen ……”
Cen Biqing and Old Black all happily bowed to Chen Ping!
Walking down from the fourth floor, the journey was smooth!
The prohibition on the third floor leading to the first floor was easily broken by Chen Ping!
The same was true for the restriction on the first floor leading to the ground floor!
Only Cen Biqing and Old Black were also very shocked as they looked at the scenes on the first and first floors, they had never known that there would be such a brutal scene under their feet!
They also couldn’t figure out what kind of person would do such a thing!
The rotting corpses on the ground floor, as well as those on the first floor, what were they all for?
Could it be that there really were guys who cultivated with corpse qi inside this tower?
Just which floor is it?
With so many floors apart, it is reasonably impossible to do this unknowingly, right?
After all, each layer of the suppressed people, are not ordinary cultivators, all are powerful people!