“Mayor Ling, Chen Ping knows more than a little bit about medicine, he knows a lot, he was the one who looked after my illness!”
Su Wenzong said slightly to proudly following Ling Zhenchuan.
Anyhow, Chen Ping would become the aunt of his own family in the future, this was something that would add glory to his Su family!
“Is that so? At such a young age, you really can’t tell!”
Ling Zhenchuan obviously didn’t pay too much attention to Su Wenzong’s words, to learn the art of medicine, can’t it be something that happens overnight, seeing as Chen Ping was only in his early twenties, so he knew about medicine he could still believe it, to say that he was highly skilled in medicine, Ling Zhenchuan definitely wouldn’t believe it, but he didn’t refute it either!
“Old Su, you guys stay home for lunch, I’ll go do it now!”
Wang Hui followed Su Wenzong and said.
“Madam Ling, don’t bother ……”
Su Wenzong hurriedly said politely.
“Old Su, what’s the trouble, sit down quickly, kill two plates with me and have a drink with me at noon!”
Ling Zhenchuan waved his hand towards Su Wenzong!
Seeing this, Su Wenzong didn’t push back and set up the chess board to play with Ling Chenchuan!
Chen Ping looked on, hesitating whether to tell Ling Zhenchuan about the soul-hooking spell that had been put on his body.
After thinking for a moment, Chen Ping decided to tell Ling Zhenchuan, or else Ling Zhenchuan would probably be used by that so-called Hong Kong businessman!
“Mayor Ling, I have something that I need to tell you!”
Chen Ping spoke up!
“Young man, what’s the matter, just say it!”
Ling Zhenchuan said without raising his head.
“I just checked your body and found that someone has put a soul hooking spell on you, this is someone trying to use you, and these people are most likely those Hong Kong businessmen!”
Chen Ping counted truthfully.
Just as Chen Ping finished his sentence, Ling Zhenchuan looked up at Chen Ping and put the chess pieces in his hand aside, with a serious face, he said, “Young man, what kind of society is this, you still engage in some hooking spell, pretending to be a god, isn’t it too ignorant?”
Ling Zhenchuan, as the head of a city, would definitely not believe what Chen Ping said in this current society, what with all the talk of ghosts and gods, it was all just a trick to deceive people!
Su Wenzong’s face instantly became grave after hearing Chen Ping’s words, he had seen Chen Ping’s strength with his own eyes at the Thunderclap View, if he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, who would believe it?
“Chen Ping, is what you said true? Is it accurate?”
Su Wenzong asked to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping nodded his head.
Seeing Chen Ping nod, Su Wenzong immediately looked at Ling Zhenchuan and said, “Mayor Ling, Chen Ping knows some magic, he can really see things that we ordinary people cannot understand, you’d better let him ………… ”
“Shut up!” Ling Zhenchuan frowned: “Old Su, thanks to your age, how can you believe in what children say nonsense? What soul hooking technique, where is my soul?”
“Mayor Ling, listen to me, really …………”
“Old Su, if you’re talking then don’t blame me for sending the guest away, it’s a bunch of nonsense!”
Ling Zhenchuan’s face was icy cold, obviously disgusted by what Chen Ping said, after all, standing in a position like his, how could he possibly believe in the sayings of gods and ghosts!
Su Wenzong didn’t dare to say anything else, while Chen Ping shook his head slightly and didn’t open his mouth!
Not long after, Wang Hui made the meal and greeted the few people to eat, but at the table, the atmosphere was also a bit awkward, Ling Zhenchuan’s face was not very good all the time!
After eating, Su Wenzong and Chen Ping left without staying long!
On the way back, Su Wenzong was a bit uneasy and said, “Chen Ping, did Mayor Ling really fall for some kind of soul hooking technique?”
“Really!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
“Then you have to find a way to save him, Mayor Ling is a rare and good leader, although he is a bit old-fashioned, he is upright and selfless!”
Su Wenzong looked at Chen Ping with a supplicating gaze!