“Because this Gluttonous Ghost Beast can devour all things.”
“Stop talking nonsense…” Ghost Claw Hag glared at him. “The Gluttonous Ghost Beast isn’t the only thing in this world that can swallow everything.”
“What other spirit beast in the Triple Heaven could devour all things?” Drowned Soul Duke asked.
“Strange…” Ghost Claw Hag ignored him, picking up a fragment from the ground and sniffing it lightly. Her body suddenly shuddered. “This scent… it’s the Heaven-Devouring Beast!”
“Heaven-Devouring Beast?” Drowned Soul Duke exclaimed. “The ancient ferocious beast said to swallow all things? How could it appear in the Triple Heaven? That’s the mount of Crimson Cloud Demon Lord from the Ninth Heaven.”
“Not to mention, Crimson Cloud Demon Lord vanished thousands of years ago. How could he appear in the Triple Heaven?”
Drowned Soul Duke was skeptical. After all, Crimson Cloud Demon Lord had disappeared millennia ago, his whereabouts unknown.
In truth, he was killed in the Celestial Realm, and his Heaven-Devouring Beast perished too.
But Crimson Cloud Demon Lord’s wisp of soul hid in a cave, and the Heaven-Devouring Beast laid an egg before dying.
“It can’t be Crimson Cloud Demon Lord.”
Ghost Claw Hag shook her head, a wisp of dark energy forming at her fingertip, coiling around the fragment. “This is the soul-dissolving saliva of a Heaven-Devouring Beast cub, designed to digest souls. It seems Ghost Mask and the others were swallowed by it, without even a chance to let their souls escape!”
“Could it be Crimson Cloud Demon Lord’s son? Did his Heaven-Devouring Beast produce a cub for his son?”
Drowned Soul Duke swallowed hard, asking nervously.
If this was the work of Crimson Cloud Demon Lord’s son, they wouldn’t dare investigate!
The Nether Shadow Guards gasped at the thought.
If it was Crimson Cloud Demon Lord’s son, what was the point of investigating?
“Stop spouting nonsense!” Ghost Claw Hag glared at Drowned Soul Duke again. “Crimson Cloud Demon Lord’s demonic cultivation made dual cultivation impossible. He couldn’t have children, so where would a son come from?”
“How do you know?” Drowned Soul Duke looked at her warily.
“I guessed, alright? Stop talking rubbish.” Ghost Claw Hag snapped.
Drowned Soul Duke gazed at the distant sky. “A Heaven-Devouring Beast cub needs a master to survive. Who else but Crimson Cloud Demon Lord’s son would dare raise such a ferocious beast?”
“In the Triple Heaven, the peak of Loose Immortal is the ceiling. Could it be…” He turned sharply to Ghost Claw Hag. “Could it be Crimson Cloud Demon Lord’s adopted son?”
“Go to hell…” Ghost Claw Hag wanted to kick him.
If Chen Ping knew he’d gone from being Crimson Cloud Demon Lord’s son to adopted son in moments, he’d probably be torn between laughter and tears.
“Enough wild guesses. I haven’t traced Ghost Mask’s aura, but I’ve got a lead on the enemy’s. Follow me!”
With that, Ghost Claw Hag led the group in pursuit of Chen Ping and his party.
Meanwhile, Chen Ping’s group was heading toward the Seven Halls. Huo Jingjing suddenly pointed at a mountain peak. “That peak is so unique!”
Mo Qingyun looked over, astonished. “It looks like a sword thrust into the ground. So beautiful…”
Chen Ping followed their gazes. Sure enough, hundreds of miles away, a towering peak stood like a giant sword plunged into the earth, its tip embedded in the ground.
At the summit was the hilt. Though miles away, Chen Ping still felt the oppressive sharpness of the sword-shaped peak.
“Sect Leader Yun, what is this place? How can there be such a unique peak?”
Chen Ping asked Yun Wuya.
After all, Yun Wuya was the only Triple Heaven cultivator among them.
Yun Wuya glanced at it, his expression troubled. “Mr. Chen, though I cultivate in the Triple Heaven, it’s a vast region. Our Azure Cloud Sect has always stayed on the fringes.”
“I’ve never been to this core area, nor seen such a peak. I don’t know what this place is!”