-The Golden Fury was fiercely smacked by this fiery slap on his body, and the whole person instantly showed great pain and flew straight backwards and fell to the ground!
This scene was seen by everyone, and they were all dumbfounded!
The Golden Fury was the peak of the ninth grade of the body realm, so he was smacked away like this.
Ning Cai Chen looked at Chen Ping, his eyes were full of incomprehension!
He did not understand, even if Chen Ping had hidden his strength, it was impossible to slap away the Golden Fury!
The first time I saw him, he was a ninth-ranked cultivator of the body realm!
In fact, it was because his strength was compromised here, and because Chen Ping’s fire was opposed to his metallic technique, that Gold Fury was able to slap him away.
If it was Ning Caishen, Chen Ping would not have been able to slap him away so easily!
This slap is the time and place, plus the Golden Fury itself has a psychological fear of flames, he will do this!
The Golden Fury was bleeding from the corners of his mouth, and slowly climbed up from the sand, his eyes full of anger!
He had never been humiliated like this before!
And Chen Ping saw that the Golden Fury was injured, his eyes were filled with murderous intent, and he went towards the Golden Fury again!
This time Chen Ping would not let go of the good opportunity!
But just as Chen Ping was heading towards the Golden Fury, suddenly several Ning Clan cultivators instantly met him!
They were there to save the Golden Fury, after all, the Golden Fury is now temporarily allied with the Ning family, Ning Cai Chen can not see the Golden Fury was killed by Chen Ping!
If the Golden Fury died, then it would be them, the Ning family, who would follow!
Ning Cai Chen did not move because he wanted to deter Sun and Zuo Qing, who were loose cultivators!
Several Ning family cultivators blocked Chen Ping’s way, and Chen Ping frowned as the fire around him spread like ripples, spreading wildly in all directions with him as the center!
Feeling the burning flames, several Ning family cultivators retreated, they could not withstand the burning fire!
“Death to those who stand in my way …………”
Chen Ping shouted angrily, scaring several Ning family cultivators trembling!
Because Chen Ping is too scary at this moment, the ninth peak of the body realm cultivator, were slapped away, this is simply too outrageous!
Ning Cai Chen saw his Ning family cultivators were scared by Chen Ping, is also unable to face, burst out a cry: “Kid, do not want to be wild ……”
Ning Cai Chen jumped up, directly in front of Chen Ping face!
Those Ning family cultivators followed behind Ning Cai Chen!
Seeing this, Ji Yun and Old Sun and their loose cultivators, also all jumped up one after another, standing behind Chen Ping!
At this moment, in this desert mid-air, the two camps are facing each other with swords drawn!
Golden Fury also slowed down some, a leap with Ning Caishen stood together!
“Brother Chen Ping, let’s go together and dry these guys to death, what is the ninth rank of the body realm peak, in front of your face is not just waste.”
“You can give a slap to the fly, we simply do not have to fear them ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re doing!
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you’re getting into!
This kind of shock has long made Yuan Bao look at Chen Ping as an immortal existence!
“Yes, let’s go together and kill these guys.”
“These guys are too deceitful, let’s fight ……”
Those casual cultivators are also excited!
After all, they have suffered from the anger of the Demon Sealing Alliance and the Ning family, now that Chen Ping is so powerful, they can take out their anger!
But Chen Ping himself knew that if a real melee broke out, their side had no chance of winning!
His current strength is not enough to slap away a peak cultivator of the ninth grade of the Harmonious Body realm!
Chen Ping only has a favorable geographical situation!
However, these casual practitioners didn’t even know, and thought that Chen Ping’s current strength was really so powerful that he didn’t even take a cultivator at the top of the ninth rank of the Harmonization Realm into consideration! -The more Chen Ping said, the more the Gold Fury did not dare to attack Chen Ping!