“Eldest Miss, Third Senior Brother, have you thought it over? If you meekly admit defeat and consecrate me as the Jade Tripod Sect’s Patriarch, I can let you live.”
The Second Elder looked at the Third Elder and Liu Ruyan and asked!
“Die to your heart, unless I die, I will not compromise.”
Liu Ruyan said with a face full of anger!
The Second Elder smiled coldly, then looked at the many disciples of the Jade Tripod Sect and said with a cold and arrogant face “Listen up all the disciples of the Jade Tripod Sect, if you choose to submit now, you can still enjoy all the treatment of the Jade Tripod Sect.”
“But if you want to resist to the end, all that awaits you is death.”
The Second Elder’s words made many of the Jade Tripod Sect disciples hesitate, now that Hu Yixiao had compromised and fled, was there any need for them, the ordinary disciples, to resist any further?
“I’m willing to submit, anyway, the Second Elder is also a direct elder of the Jade Tripod Sect, it’s the same who becomes the sect master!”
“I am also willing to ……”
“Greetings to the Patriarch ……”
Many of the Jade Tripod Sect disciples compromised and echoed the Second Elder, standing behind him!
When the Second Elder saw this, a smug look appeared on his face, but there were still some of the Jade Tripod Sect disciples who stood behind Liu Ruyan, unwaveringly supporting her!
This included Nie Heng, a great disciple of the Jade Tripod Sect!
“Nie Heng, your master has compromised and fled for his life, how dare you go against me?”
The Second Elder questioned Nie Heng in a stern voice!
“I don’t care to be in your company, even if I have to die today, there’s no way I’ll compromise.”
Nie Heng said in a cold voice!
Since he had chosen Liu Ruyan, he had no choice but to walk down a path until he was black, besides, Chen Ping wasn’t dead, and now Nie Heng was expecting Chen Ping to show up!
“Good, since that’s the case, then you’ll all go to hell together ……”
The Second Elder snorted coldly, and just as he was about to charge forward to kill him, suddenly there was a shaking in heaven and earth!
Immediately afterwards, everyone was all startled and looked in the direction of the pill pond!
A lightning bolt was passing through the black clouds above the Pill Pond!
Rumble …………
With a loud bang, a lightning bolt instantly struck down towards the medicinal pond!
Immediately afterwards, the medicinal pool lifted up a column of water.
Rumble …………
Lightning began to strike down incessantly, each time setting off waves of terror!
“What’s …… going on here?”
Liu Ruyan and the Third Elder watched as a bolt of lightning struck down and couldn’t help but be shocked!
The Second Elder and that Ochre Amazing were also frowning at this moment!
“This is a lightning tribulation, could it be that someone from the Jade Tripod Sect has broken through?”
“Such a terrifying thunder tribulation, the other party’s strength must not be bad!”
Ochre Yan said with a face full of gravity!
“Who is it? Could it be a breakthrough by the Supreme Elder?”
The Second Elder had a puzzled look on his face, he couldn’t understand just who in the Jade Tripod Sect was breaking through at this time, and looking at this breakthrough thunderstorm, the strength must not be low!
But the Second Elder couldn’t think of any other expert of the Jade Tripod Sect that would break through at this time!
He didn’t even think about Chen Ping, who was only at the Transformation Realm, and even if he had broken through to the Harmony Realm, he couldn’t have triggered such a terrifying thunderstorm!
At this moment, only Nie Heng looked at the terrifying thunderclap, his eyes full of shock and anticipation!
While others didn’t know, he could guess that this was definitely Chen Ping’s breakthrough!
Everyone thought that Chen Ping had long since died after spending so much time inside the Pill Pond, but Nie Heng knew that Chen Ping wasn’t dead!
It looked like he had absorbed the energy from the Pill Pond and had made a breakthrough in strength!
A terrifying thunderstorm continued to blast down, and soon a figure, wrapped in a shocking momentum, slowly rose into the sky above along that thick column of water!
The black clouds slowly dissipated and the thunderbolts disappeared, leaving Chen Ping hanging in mid-air with a holy light emanating from his body, just like a heavenly god descending to earth!