“Yu Qi, Yu Qi …………”
Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly probed Su Yuqi’s situation!
But at this time, Su Yuqi’s breath was weak, her eyes were tightly closed, no matter how much she shouted, there was no response!
Chen Ping put a spiritual power into Su Yuqi’s body, but still did not find out what the reason was!
Now, Chen Ping panicked, Su Yuqi was fine, how did she suddenly fall unconscious?
Just when Chen Ping was at a bit of a loss for words, Zhao Gang and Ji Ruxue also hurriedly came looking for him!
It turned out that Xiao Ru and Wu Mei’er also both had the same symptoms as Su Yuqi, they were unconscious and their breath was very weak!
“Brother Chen, what the hell is going on? Last night, Xiao Ru was still fine!”
Zhao Gang asked in disbelief.
Ji Ruxue also said, “Mei’er was also fine when she went back, but she couldn’t wake up anymore in the morning!”
Chen Ping frowned and did not say a word, as he did not know exactly what was going on and why this was happening!
After contemplating for a moment, Chen Ping turned to Ji Ruxue and said, “Ruxue, take care of Yu Qi, I’ll go and ask Mr Shi to see if he knows what the reason is ……”
The only person Chen Ping could turn to right now was Mr Shi, over this period of time, Chen Ping felt that Mr Shi was like a know-it-all, as if he knew everything!
“Alright, go quickly, I feel that they are all quite serious.”
Ji Ruxue nodded.
Chen Ping rushed to the Law Protecting Pavilion without stopping, but just after arriving at the entrance of the Law Protecting Pavilion, he saw that Xing Jun was standing at the entrance!
After all, Xing Jun was the captain of the Law Enforcement Team, how could he be standing at the door with this kind of status?
And as Xing Jun looked at Chen Ping coming, his expression looked a little surprised, he didn’t think that he was really guessed right by Shi, Chen Ping had really come.
“Captain Xing, I …………”
“Are you here to find Mr Shi?”
Xing Jun asked without waiting for Chen Ping to finish.
Chen Ping nodded in surprise, “Yes!”
“Mr Shi is not here, but he asked me to give you a letter ……”
As Xing Jun said, he took out the letter and handed it to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping held the letter with a bewildered look on his face, he didn’t understand how Mr Shi knew he was coming?
However, he still opened the letter, and when he read my letter, Chen Ping’s face became extremely ugly!
“Captain Xing, Mr Shi is definitely in there, can you let me see him once?”
Chen Ping begged to Xing Jun.
“Mr Shi is not in, and even if he is, he won’t see you ……”
Xing Jun shook his head, “Don’t make it difficult for me, this is Mr Shi’s order!”
“Captain Xing, today I must see Mr Shi no matter what ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with determination!
“Chen Ping, what do you mean, are you going to force your way into the Protector Pavilion?”
Xing Jun frowned.
“If Mr Shi doesn’t see me, breaking in hard will be hard ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he rushed towards the inside of the Law Protector Pavilion!
“Chen Ping, you …………”
Xing Jun wanted to block, but well before he got close to Chen Ping, he was directly shaken away by the aura that Chen Ping emitted!
Chen Ping’s current strength was simply not something Xing Jun could get close to anymore!
“Chen Ping, do you know what offence it is to trespass into the Law Protector Pavilion and disturb Mr Shi?”
“Don’t you rely on Mr Shi to shelter you so that you can do whatever you want.”
“This is a capital offence, have you thought it through ……”
Xing Jun said loudly to Chen Ping.
“Captain Xing, I’m sorry, even if it’s a death sentence, I have to see Mr Shi today ……”
Chen Ping’s face was very grave as he directly rushed to the door of Mr Shi’s room!
Xing Jun, on the other hand, blocked the front, desperately trying to stop it!
But just at this time, the door to Mr Shi’s room suddenly opened automatically!
“Captain Xing, let him come in ……”
Mr Shi’s voice came out leisurely! Due to various problems the address changed to Please collect the new address to avoid getting lost!