Liu Xing did not say anything, but it was Tong You Gong who laughed and said, “Jue Yuan, you are just a newly promoted Martial God, even if you work for our Heavenly Thunder Sect as a cow and horse, we can’t see you, and you are a waste of resources ……”
He could not cope with one Chen Ping, he did not dare to offend Tong You Gong!
“Kid, since you’re pressing hard, don’t blame me for dying with you ……”
Said Jue Yuan, fiercely crushed the Buddha beads in his hand, and a ray of Buddha light slowly rose from the beads!
Looking at that ray of Buddha light, Jue Yuan kept chanting sutras under his breath, and blood began to slowly seep out from his forehead!
“You want to burn your essence blood?” Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that this Jue Yuan was going to burn his essence blood and fight for his life!
But Chen Ping would not give him this chance, if Jue Yuan’s essence blood burned away, then Chen Ping would not be able to absorb his strength anymore.
Chen Ping grabbed at Jue Yuan with a fierce claw, and a Buddha light shot out, hitting Chen Ping’s hand hard to stop Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping did not pause in the slightest, he directly grabbed Jue Yuan’s head, his Heart Condensing Technique activated, and with a huge suction, he instantly began to absorb Jue Yuan’s strength!
The Buddha’s light that was slowly rising was all shooting towards Chen Ping at this moment!
But Chen Ping was indifferent, he didn’t even blink!
The Buddha’s light hit Chen Ping’s body like an itch!
Jue Yuan’s eyes were wide open as he looked at Chen Ping in horror, and was finally drained of his strength and turned into a dried corpse in his terror!
All the people who saw this scene had their brows furrowed tightly!
Liu Xing, in particular, had killing intent flashing up in his eyes.
“This kid turned out to be an evil cultivator, no wonder he is so strong at the Martial Saint realm ……”
Liu Xing gritted his teeth and said.
It can be seen that Liu Xing hates evil cultivators to the bone, that Liu Rui at this time is also gloomy face, gaze dead on Chen Ping!
I wonder what kind of trouble this Pure Yang Sect had with the evil cultivator!
I wonder what problems this Pure Yang Sect had with the evil cultivator that made them both hate each other so much!
The situation was beyond his expectation as Chen Ping had absorbed Jue Yuan’s strength!
At this moment Chen Ping felt the gaze from several people, but did not look at them, but turned his head and walked away!
Because Chen Ping could see that although these people were not very old, they were very strong, each one of them was at the Martial God realm!
At such an age, they had entered the Martial God realm, and they were still unknown in the martial world, so Chen Ping did not know them at all.
Right now, Chen Ping didn’t know much about the Hidden Sects, so he didn’t want to provoke them!
“Stand still …………”
But just as Chen Ping was about to leave, Tong Youkong spoke up!
Several of the men that Tong Youkong had brought with him then instantly surrounded Chen Ping!
“What are you going to do?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked at Tong Youkong.
“Nothing, I just want to make friends with you, did you just absorb the strength of that old vulture Jue Yuan, using an evil cultivation technique?”
Tong You Gong asked with a smile on his face as he turned to Chen Ping.
“No comment ……”
Chen Ping said as he looked at Tong You Gong warily.
“Hahahaha, you don’t need to be nervous, even if you use an evil cultivation gong method, so what, cultivation is supposed to grow in strength and can be done by any means, as long as you have strength, who cares what gong method you use.”
Tong You Gong laughed and went forward to pat Chen Ping’s shoulder, seemingly intending to draw closer to him!
Only Chen Ping gently dodged and avoided Tong You Gong!
Tong Youkong was slightly stunned, but did not get angry, instead he continued, “I admire you, you can come back to the Heavenly Thunder Sect with me, a talent like yours would not have much development at all if you were to venture out on your own.”
“The Heavenly Thunder Sect?” Chen Ping’s brow furrowed!
He had never heard that there was any Heavenly Thunder School in the martial arts world.