“Not bad, when I finish absorbing the strength of these people, I will be able to slay this giant dragon, hahaha …………”
The Great Protector struck a confident blow with a single punch!
And both Tong Youcai and Leng Yun were shocked beyond belief, not realising that this evil magic was so powerful!
No wonder many people had no way to resist the temptation of evil magic and eventually embarked on the path of evil cultivation!
As the black mist around the Grand Protector continued to spread, the remaining martial artists were all wailing as their power was being sucked out of their bodies, turning them into dried corpses!
Although Tong Youcai and Leng Yun agreed to see their men turn into dry corpses, they still felt a pang of pain, these were the elites of their respective sects and now they were all dead!
If they couldn’t bring back the Spiritual Fruit this time, and so many people had died, Tong Youcai knew that he would die a horrible death, so he had to get the Fruit!
With the last martial artist’s power drained, the Great Protector had now reached the realm of an eighth grade Martial God!
This realm was beyond the reach of Giant Dragon and Chen Ping!
You must know that each level of advancement represents a multi-fold increase in power!
Chen Ping felt the explosion of the Great Protector’s Eighth Grade Martial God’s Qi and his face began to turn ugly!
With his current severely injured body, it would be difficult for him to resist the Great Protector’s attack, even with the addition of the dragon!
“Miss Liu, you need to speed up ……”
Chen Ping knew he couldn’t hold out much longer, so he could only tell Liu Rui to finish picking the Lingering Fruits quickly!
“Hmph, how dare you still persist in trying to take the Tong Ling fruit, then go to hell ……”
The Great Protector snorted coldly as his body leapt up!
Chen Ping was waiting for the dragon, feeling the powerful aura of the mortal, Chen Ping could only clench his teeth!
With the Great Protector’s cry, the black mist around his body began to burn up so fast that he looked like a man of fire!
“Flaming Palm …………”
The Grand Protector slapped out his palm, and a huge palm print instantly appeared in mid-air, with thick flames burning around it!
The palm print was surrounded by a thick flame! The powerful pressure of the palm was accompanied by a blazing flame, and it slapped directly at Chen Ping and the dragon!
He had to protect Liu Rui and finish picking the Lingering Fruit!
He had to protect Liu Rui and finish picking the fruit!
The dragon also seemed to sense the danger and hissed, slightly retreating.
But as Chen Ping kept urging him on, he had no choice but to go ahead!
The dragon kept spewing out dragon breath from its mouth, and Chen Ping poured all his divine dragon power into the dragon’s body through its horns!
The glow of the dragon crystal inside Chen Ping’s body began to fade, but even so!
Even so, the dragon’s breath sprayed on the huge flaming palm had no effect at all, but only slightly blocked the speed of its descent!
Seeing that the flaming palm was about to land on his head, Chen Ping could only leap to the Tong Ling tree and could not afford to bother with the dragon!
The dragon, which was free from Chen Ping’s control, let out a dragon roar and then ruthlessly smashed its body against the flaming palm!
The flames exploded, the dragon wailed, and as the flames engulfed the dragon’s entire body, a violent explosion sounded!
The dragon’s body exploded, and an infinite amount of energy shot out in all directions!
A dragon crystal slowly floated out of the flames, glowing with light!
When Tong Youcai and Leng Yun saw this scene, they were all shocked!
They had no idea that the Great Protector could kill the dragon with a single slap!
At this moment, the Grand Protector was emitting a terrifying aura and his body was suspended in mid-air, surrounded by a blazing flame.
Upon seeing the dragon crystal, the Great Protector’s body instantly headed towards it!
Seeing this, Chen Ping stretched out his hand, and the dragon crystal seemed to feel a huge suction force, and instantly headed towards Chen Ping!