Chen Ping’s words directly irritated Ye Liancheng!
“Hmph, how can old me be afraid of a wisp of a remnant soul, but don’t feel smart, wait for me to get the Heaven Mending Stone and the Fire Spirit Pearl, then I will come back to kill you ……”
After Ye Liancheng finished speaking, he directly walked towards the light within!
He did not care about the man’s warning at all!
After all, the other party was just a wisp of residual soul, not even a residual soul, just a wisp of residual thoughts watching over the Heaven Mending Stone!
Ye Liancheng was quite confident that as a ninth grade great cultivator of the Transition Realm, could he still be afraid of that wisp of residual soul!
Seeing Ye Liancheng walking towards that light screen, a flash of surprise flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand suddenly appeared, already ready to strike at any time!
“Those who trespass will be killed without pardon ……”
The man once again threatened Ye Liancheng!
But where would Ye Liancheng care about the threat of a wisp of residual soul!
Only to see Ye Liancheng confidently walk into the light screen and bend down to pick up the Fire Spirit Bead!
Seeing Ye Liancheng walk into the light screen, Chen Ping directly clenched his Dragon Cutting Sword!
However, after waiting for a while, Ye Liancheng unexpectedly did not do the slightest thing, and the man did not launch any attack on Ye Liancheng!
This time, Chen Ping was dumbfounded, this f*cking said, those who enter the light screen, kill without amnesty?
Wimped out?
“Hahaha, a wisp of a remnant soul dares to speak out of turn, remembering that you are also trying to protect the Heaven Mending Stone, I won’t exterminate you, you’d better leave on your own!”
Ye Liancheng laughed loudly and waved his hand towards the man!
The man did not move, his icy cold gaze gazing at Ye Liancheng!
The corner of Ye Liancheng’s mouth lifted, then he directly passed through the man’s body, this man was nothing more than a wisp of residual soul, there was no body at all, Ye Liancheng easily passed through and casually picked up the Heaven Mending Stone.
Seeing that Ye Liancheng had got the Heaven Mending Stone and the man still did not attack, Chen Ping was directly confused!
What is this situation?
Why was it directly attacked?
It was because he was looking at his strength of the first rank of the Transition Realm, so he was easy to bully was he?
r> Chen Ping was anxious!
If this man did not make a move, Ye Liancheng would definitely kill himself when he came out with the Heaven Mending Stone, the current Chen Ping was not a match for Ye Liancheng!
“Do you still count as a man, a great man’s word is a promise, you talk like a fart.”
“You must be an Immortal too if you can possess an Immortal Stone like the Heaven Mending Stone, I’ve never seen an Immortal as wimpy as you.”
“I really don’t understand, how did you become an immortal? By relying on connections through the back door?”
“A ninth grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm scares you, I don’t think you have much strength either, so in the future, just cut the f*cking bragging.”
Chen Ping cursed at the man.
Chen Ping also did this because he wanted to stir up the man’s fighting spirit, he couldn’t just watch Ye Liancheng walk out of the light screen ah, if Ye Liancheng came out, then everything would be over!
Chen Ping’s angry scolding caused the man’s brows to furrow!
“Brat, you are still the first person who dares to curse this seat, today I will let you see if this seat is a man.”
After saying that, the man’s body emitted a light, followed by his hands forming a sword and chopping towards Ye Liancheng!
“Chop ……”
The man’s gaze was incomparably cold!
A divine light cut through!
Ye Liancheng’s eyes widened and he didn’t even have the time to react!
Plop!
The divine light slashed through Ye Liancheng’s body, directly chopping Ye Liancheng into two halves!
Ye Liancheng’s life soul tried to escape, but it was similarly cut off by this divine light!
Ye Liancheng was dead!
A Transition Realm 9th Grade Great Cultivator had been decapitated with such ease!
Chen Ping could not believe it, knowing that this was just a remnant soul, how could it be so powerful?
Ye Liancheng himself had not figured out until his death that a wisp of residual soul that he despised in the slightest could still have this kind of strength!
“Kid, you give me to remember, when you ascend to Immortality, this seat must properly let you quietly, whether I count as a man or not.”
The man coldly looked at Chen Ping, then his figure gradually blurred and finally disappeared!