The taxi stopped in front of the Tian Yuan Restaurant, after Chen Ping got off, he gave the driver the fare and the taxi left!
In front of the Tian Yuan Restaurant, there were quite a few luxury cars parked, and at that moment a Mercedes C stopped right in front of Chen Ping!
“sh*t, isn’t this Chen Ping? When did he get out, I heard he was in jail?”
After the car window was rolled down, a young man with earrings poked his head out!
This man was Chen Ping’s college cla*smate, named Yuan Hua, when he was in school Yuan Hua’s family was well off, his family owned a small factory, now just a few years after graduation, he was driving a Mercedes Benz!
“Chen Ping, isn’t it a bit too shabby for you to dress like this for a cla*smate party?”
A girl on the pa*senger side also poked her head over and looked at Chen Ping with a contemptuous face as she asked.
This girl was also Chen Ping’s cla*smate, called Liu Jiajia, who had followed Yuan Hua to get together when they were in college, and was probably still together now!
Chen Ping didn’t wear the clothes Su Yuqi bought for him today, that suit was worth a lot of money but Chen Ping was always awkward in it, it wasn’t as comfortable as this old casual outfit he had!
“Come on, people just got out of jail, it’s good to have clothes, I guess this is all the best he has at home!”
After Yuan Hua finished speaking and parked the car, he stepped out and looked at Chen Ping: “Who informed you of this cla*s reunion? I don’t remember anyone calling you?”
“I’m not here to attend any cla*smates’ reunion!”
Chen Ping said and walked towards the inside of the Tian Yuan Restaurant!
“Not here to attend a party, are you still here to eat? Look at you, you don’t look like you can eat here either. Are you here to have a meal because you heard about the cla*smates’ party? It’s nothing to be ashamed of, we’re all cla*smates, there’s nothing to be ashamed of, this meal is invited by Jiang Wenjing, I heard that Geng Shanshan from our cla*s is also here, Geng Shanshan is now the young grandmother of the Xiao family, there are not many opportunities to have dinner with her!”
Liu Jiajia stopped Chen Ping and said with a sneer on her face.
“Liu Jiajia, have you really forgotten, or have you faked it? That Geng Shanshan used to be Chen Ping’s girlfriend, and now that she’s the young grandmother of the Xiao family, how can Chen Ping have the face to meet her?”
Yuan Hua raised his eyebrows upwards and said grimly.
“Oh, come to think of it, Chen Ping seems to be the one who was sent to jail by Mr. Xiao, this is not worth it if he goes to the reunion again and is misunderstood by Mr. Xiao and sends him in, no wonder she dares not go to the reunion!”
Liu Jiajia dodged the way: “Go in, find a place to squat, and when we finish eating, let you take the leftovers away!”
Seeing Liu Jiajia and that Yuan Hua sneering at him, Chen Ping suddenly let out a bitter laugh, “Let’s go, I’ll go to the reunion with you guys!”
He knew that these two people were just stimulating him, since that was the case, Chen Ping also wanted to go and see how snobbish-eyed these cla*smates of his were!
Seeing that Chen Ping couldn’t stand the stimulation and fell for it, the two of them, Liu Jiajia and Yuan Hua, looked at each other and smiled!
The reason they had invited Chen Ping so strongly was to step on him at the reunion so as to leave a good impression on Geng Shanshan!
Geng Shanshan was now the young grandmother of the Xiao family, and Yuan Hua’s company was working with the Xiao family, so he hoped to get more projects with the Xiao family through Geng Shanshan.
The two men led Chen Ping to the box, and after opening the door, they found seven or eight people already sitting inside, including Jiang Wenjing, who had invited the guests!
“Hua Zi, you two are too late, you’ll have to punish yourselves with three gla*ses later!”
“I heard you’ve bought a Mercedes? What a bully, driving a Mercedes at a young age!”
“You and Liu Jiajia really got together, I thought you guys would split up after graduation!”
After entering, many people greeted Yuan Hua after him, how to say that Yuan Hua is now a small boss level!