After all, they were all worried about how to catch Chen Ping, but they didn’t want that Chen Ping to come to their door personally.
“What’s wrong?”
The boss asked.
“Big brother, look, that Chen Ping dares to provoke us directly, this bogeyman, just so we can save ourselves the trouble.”
Old Five excitedly handed the battle post to the Boss.
The Boss looked at the battle post and laughed out loud as well, “Since that Chen Ping is seeking his own death, he can’t blame us, after tomorrow, the symbols on the brothers’ black robes will all be changed to gold.”
………………
Dragon Sect!
Long Xingxu followed Chen Ping and resumed his orders, sending the war invitation out already.
“Brother Chen Ping, let’s go for more people tomorrow, so if there are any accidents, we can also deal with them.”
Long Xingxu was afraid that Chen Ping would suffer a loss in the ring!
“No need, you guys still have your business to do.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Long Xingxu was stunned, “Brother Chen Ping, what do we do?”
When the tournament is tomorrow, you bring your men to end the Wudao Alliance for me, and directly take over the Wudao Alliance.
In future, the Martial Arts Alliance will never be allowed to appear in Kyoto.
When Long Xingxu heard this, he immediately said excitedly, “No problem, I’ll go and arrange ……”
This is a feat to end the Wudao Alliance and take it over.
If this could get out, it would definitely go down in history for a thousand years!
Shortly after Long Xingxu left, Pocky Hu found Chen Ping, which took Chen Ping a little by surprise!
“Master Hu, what are you doing here with me at this time of the day when you’re not inside the gentle land?”
Chen Ping asked strangely.
“Chen Ping, there is someone who wants to see you ……”
Pocky Hu said.
“No, I have said that I am not seeing anyone today, I am not seeing anyone.”
Chen Ping shook his head.
“No, this person you must see, if you don’t see him, I will cut you off ……”
Hu Ma Zi said with a stern face.
Chen Ping froze for a moment, looking at Hu Pazzi incredulously.
“Master Hu, could it be that this person is a relative of your family?”
Chen Ping did not understand why Pocky Hu had to let himself see this person.
“Never mind, you must see it today, or I won’t know you.”
Pocky Hu had a determined face!
Seeing Pocky Hu like this, Chen Ping could only nod helplessly, “Alright, Master Hu, this face, I still have to give it, go and call the person in.”
Upon hearing this, Pocky Hu burst into laughter and then ran out!
Soon, Pocky Hu came back, and brought a woman with him!
When Chen Ping saw this woman, he instantly understood.
It turned out that this woman was no other than Zhou Jie of the Demonic Spirit Sect, only to see that Pocky Hu had a flattering look on his face and his eyes were staring deadly at Zhou Jie’s legs!
Seeing this, Chen Ping almost couldn’t hold back his laughter!
“Mr. Chen is really busy, it’s really hard to see you, you have to ask for connections and go through the back door ……”
Zhou Jie saw Chen Ping and said with a faint smile.
“Miss Zhou misunderstood, I just have an important matter tomorrow, so I want to rest more today.”
Chen Ping explained.
“For the match with the Martial Arts Union?”
Zhou Jie said with a smile.
At this, Chen Ping instantly froze, and the smile he was carrying on his face instantly disappeared.
Because this was something that Chen Ping hadn’t told anyone about, except for Long Xingxu, no one knew about it!
But this Zhou Jie knew about it, which had to make Chen Ping rush to a frightening state!
“A match, a match of what?”
Pocky Hu was still dumbfounded, he didn’t know that Chen Ping was going to follow the official competition of the Martial Union.
“We agreed, you don’t interrupt, if you do, get out ……”
Zhou Jie said as he glared at Hu Puzi.
Hu Puzi, on the other hand, hastily scowled, “Fine, fine, I won’t ask ……”
Looking at Hu Pazzi’s abject appearance, Chen Ping was speechless for a while, this was being taken directly by the woman.