With the Blood Demon gone, a dead silence fell over the scene!
Everyone had seen, a power they had never seen before!
What Great Martial Marquis, what Martial Saint, in front of absolute power, they were nothing but ants!
“Mr. Chen ……”
At this point, Jiang Wei stepped forward and tried to ask Chen Ping what to do next!
The divine altar was destroyed, the aura recovery had stopped, and there was no telling where the next place of aura recovery would be, and even less telling when it would appear!
“Let’s go ……”
Now that the aura recovery has stopped, there is no need for Chen Ping to stay on Penglai Island!
Chen Ping and the others turned to leave, Hong Qianjiu and the others looked at Chen Ping in a daze, no one said anything, and no one stopped them, especially that Zhu Hao, at this moment, in looking at Chen Ping, apart from fear, there was no longer that arrogant look in his eyes!
Only Lv Factory looked at Chen Ping with a certain amount of fervour and battle intent in his eyes!
He wanted to follow Chen Ping, but since he was in the secular world, he could not use his full strength, so he could only hope that Chen Ping would have the chance to go to the secret realm!
Chen Ping, who had already left, suddenly stopped in his tracks, he seemed to sense the look in Lui Factory’s eyes and turned his head to look at him, “You are from the Thunder Gate Secret Realm?”
Lui Plant nodded, he was not at all surprised that Chen Ping knew about the Secret Realm, because the people who came here were all spokespeople of the major Secret Realm families!
“When I have the chance, I will definitely go to your Secret Realm and walk around ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping turned around and left without saying anything!
The Violet Sky Mansion was in the Thunder Gate Secret Realm, and if Chen Ping wanted to save his mother, he had to find a way to make the trip!
But right now, his first priority was to find the secret realm where Su Yuqi was being held before he could do so!
Luckily, with Zhou Jie following him, finding the Demonic Heart Sect’s secret realm and opening it would all be done by Zhou Jie!
After all, the Demon Spirit Sect and the Demon Heart Sect were of the same lineage, and even the techniques used to open the secret realm were the same.
Leaving Penglai Island, Chen Ping headed straight for Kyoto!
After being away for so long, Chen Ping knew that those women at home should have missed him for a long time!
…………
Kyoto, the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect!
Da Neng looked at the Demon Envoy who had long since become a puddle of mud, and his face was very ugly!
Ning Zhi and the four other black and gold robes were kneeling on the ground, feeling the might of the great power, no one dared to raise their heads!
“You all say that it was the Blood Demon that resurrected and beat him into this state?”
The great power asked in a cold voice.
“It wasn’t a beating, it was a glance that did it ……”
Ning Zhi answered truthfully.
It was indeed the Blood Demon who had just glared at this Demon Envoy at that time, and he had turned into this state!
The great power wasn’t speaking, but his ragged breathing could be heard, clearly tinged with a bit of tension!
One glance had turned his own subordinate Demon Envoy into this state!
Did that terrifying strength still need to be said.
Even if he personally stepped in, he probably wouldn’t be able to withstand a slap from the other side!
“Why does that Blood Demon help that fellow Chen Ping when he belongs to the same demon race ……”
The great power couldn’t understand what the blood devil was thinking.
“Mighty, the Blood Demon said that we are not worthy of being a demon race, and also exterminated the souls within the four black and gold robes ……”
Ning Zhi hurriedly said.
“What?” The great power froze, followed by a flick of his hand, and a wave of breath enveloped the four black and gold robes!
“It’s really gone!”
The great power frowned as he felt a crisis for the first time!
If a great demon like the Blood Demon was going to help Chen Ping, then they wouldn’t have to think about touching a single hair on Chen Ping’s head!
With a sudden wave of his hands, Da Neng instantly appeared, followed by five spirits possessing Ning Zhi and the rest of them!
“I have re-summoned five more spirits for you all, don’t bother with that Chen Ping for the time being, you follow your respective spirits to grind and cultivate more, also let the demon amba*sador recuperate well ……”
The great power said coldly.
“As ordered ……” Ning Zhi and the others nodded their heads!
“By the way, how is the girl doing?”
Mighty asked.
“That Su Yuqi is locked up in a dungeon in a secret realm, it’s safe.”
Ning Zhi replied.
“Alright, you guys stand down ……”
The great power waved his hand.
After Ning Zhi and the others left, Da Neng’s body slowly disappeared as well!