“Look at your daughter, she’s still a maiden, I wonder if she can withstand my attack!”
As he spoke, Chen Ping grabbed Huo Jingjing and began to manhandle her!
“Stop!” Huo Zhao roared in fury!
But he obediently withdrew his pressure, and the cultivators of Cangxuan Continent all breathed a sigh of relief!
Otherwise, they might have been crushed to death by Huo Zhao’s pressure.
“Chen Ping, doing such a shameful thing in front of so many people, don’t you feel embarrassed?”
Huo Zhao, suppressing his anger, questioned Chen Ping!
“Why should I feel embarrassed? I don’t steal or rob, unlike you, bullying the weak, plundering resources, and seizing others’ territory.”
“Aren’t your divine halls supposed to be proud? How can you even care about the resources of a place like Cangxuan Continent?”
Chen Ping challenged Huo Zhao!
“That’s none of your business. Release my son and daughter immediately, and I won’t pursue your grudge with the divine hall.”
Huo Zhao said!
Chen Ping, upon hearing this, laughed heartily, “Stop bragging, you’re just the master of the Eighth Hall, can you make decisions for the divine hall?”
“If they remove you as the Eighth Hall master, you’re nothing, just boasting.”
“You…” Huo Zhao’s face was full of anger, choked by Chen Ping’s words.
Huo Zhao knew that as the Eighth Hall master, he didn’t have much authority.
In the divine hall, he was practically at the bottom!
Especially after being summoned back to the Celestial Realm by the Huo family descendants and returning injured, he was mocked by the divine hall’s members.
The resources distributed by the divine hall to the Eighth Hall also began to dwindle.
With no other choice, Huo Zhao brought the Eighth Hall to the First Heaven, occupying Feihu City to plunder resources!
Huo Zhao was biding his time, slowly recovering.
Who could have thought it would end up like this? Huo Zhao was bitter but couldn’t speak of it!
“Father, don’t worry about us, just kill these people, I can die, I can even self-destruct.”
Huo Jingjing said to Huo Zhao!
Meanwhile, Huo Shizi, full of fear, cried, “Father, save me, save me, I don’t want to die!”
“Huo Zhao, if you take your people and leave Cangxuan Continent, I’ll release your son and daughter, how about that?”
Chen Ping negotiated with Huo Zhao.
“Impossible, I won’t abandon the brothers of the Eighth Hall for my own children.”
“You can kill them both, but remember, every person on Cangxuan Continent will be buried with them.”
Huo Zhao said darkly!
Hearing this, the many cultivators of Cangxuan Continent panicked.
Chen Ping frowned as well; he could escape the Eighth Hall’s pursuit, but he couldn’t save so many people on Cangxuan Continent!
Mo Qingyun was also visibly nervous.
She had promised her friend Lan Lianhua, but if the Eighth Hall massacred Cangxuan Continent, Mo Qingyun would feel guilty!
Mo Qingyun looked at Chen Ping, pinning all her hopes on him!
It depended on how Chen Ping could negotiate with Huo Zhao.
“Huo Zhao, stop bragging, you’re my defeated foe. I beat you in the Celestial Realm, and I can beat you here too.”
“Do you dare to compete with me? If you lose, take your people and leave Cangxuan Continent immediately.”
“If I lose, I’ll release your son and daughter at once and stay out of Cangxuan Continent’s affairs.”
Chen Ping used provocation on Huo Zhao!
“Friend Chen, don’t be rash, you’re only at the first rank of the Loose Immortal Realm, while Huo Zhao seems to have reached the fifth rank.”
“Fighting him, isn’t that like throwing an egg at a rock?”
Mo Qingyun advised Chen Ping.