Following Wei Tao these days, Geng Shanshan also felt that her value had risen a lot and she could no longer look at Xiao Lei!
Xiao Lei was stunned, and looking at Geng Shanshan’s appearance, he cursed in his heart, but still gave her Su Yuqi’s phone number!
With Su Yuqi’s number, Geng Shanshan dialed it directly!
At this moment, Su Yuqi was sitting bored in the courtyard of her home, with an unhappy face: “This D*mn Chen Ping, it’s been how many days, he hasn’t come once, is he blaming me for talking about him last time?”
Su Yuqi was torn inside, she wanted to go to Chen Ping, but she hoped that Chen Ping would take the initiative to find her, this contradictory mentality made Su Yuqi distracted!
Just then, her mobile phone rang, Su Yuqi thought it was Chen Ping calling, with a happy face, she picked up the phone and found it was an unfamiliar number!
“Hello?” Su Yuqi picked up the phone!
“Su Yuqi, this is Geng Shanshan, I’m at No. 17 Phoenix Road, I want to see you and talk about Chen Ping!”
Once the call was answered, Geng Shanshan said straight away, her tone was overbearing, she didn’t put Su Yuqi in her eyes in the slightest!
If it were in the past, if Geng Shanshan had been given a hundred guts, she wouldn’t have dared to talk to Su Yuqi like that!
Now that she was with Wei Tao, Geng Shanshan’s guts had also grown.
“If you want me to go, I’ll go, who are you?”
Su Yuqi was enraged by Geng Shanshan’s tone of voice.
“Su Yuqi, if you’re afraid, then don’t come!”
After Geng Shanshan finished speaking, she didn’t wait for Su Yuqi’s reply and hung up the phone straight away!
Su Yuqi listened to the busy tone inside the phone, and her whole face turned red with anger!
“What are you tugging at, I want to see what kind of bull you have!”
Su Yuqi got up and drove to Phoenix Road!
When Su Yuqi arrived at Phoenix Road, she saw that Geng Shanshan was really waiting for her!
“Say, what do you want to tell me about Chen Ping?”
Su Yuqi got out of the car and asked Geng Shanshan with a cold expression on her face.
“I want to tell you that Chen Ping is going to die soon!”
Geng Shanshan suddenly said with an eerie smile!
Su Yuqi’s heart shook as she looked at Geng Shanshan that way, and her eyes looked angrily at Geng Shanshan, “What are you talking nonsense, how could Chen Ping die!”
“He’s not talking nonsense, Chen Ping is really dying because I’m going to kill him soon!”
At this moment, Xiao Lei walked out with two of the Wei family’s bodyguards!
“What are you guys going to do?”
Su Yuqi saw this and stepped backwards in fear, she felt something bad!
“What we’re going to do, you’ll know in a moment!” The corner of Xiao Lei’s mouth raised, “Arrest her!”
The two bodyguards went straight forward and grabbed Su Yuqi, knocking her unconscious with a hand slash!
They then put on a sack, threw Su Yuqi into the trunk and took off!
Geng Shanshan looked at the car that went away, the whole person sneered, that laughter sounded very seeping!
…………
At the mountain top villa of Pan Long Mountain, Chen Ping had been burying his head in cultivation and refining the Small Returning Pill for the past few days!
At this very moment, Chen Ping’s mobile phone suddenly rang!
After picking up the phone, Su Wenzong’s anxious voice came through, “Chen Ping, is Yu Qi at your place?”
“No, what’s wrong?” Chen Ping frowned!
“It’s bad, Yu Qi is gone, I called her and no one answered, the car is not at home either, she never does that!”
Su Wenzong said anxiously!
“Uncle, take it easy, I’ll go over there right away!”
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he immediately got up and rushed towards Su’s house!
On the way, Chen Ping made several phone calls to Su Yuqi, but there was no answer!
At this moment, Chen Ping had a bad feeling in his heart and immediately called Lin Tianhu!
“Lin Tianhu, mobilise all the men you can and look for Su Yuqi all over the city, and keep an eye on her car!”
Chen Ping’s voice was cold and piercing!