Boom!
A breath exploded with the two men at its centre.
In an instant, the mountain shook, trees flew across the ground, and the mountain not far away began to slide, stirring up bursts of dust.
Such a commotion was like a sudden outbreak of a major earthquake.
Many people watching on the hill were all taken aback by the terrifying movement.
“A Martial Marquis is a Martial Marquis, this commotion is too frightening.”
“I think we’d better hide away, don’t be unlucky if it spreads.”
Many people began to dodge towards the distance, afraid of being affected by the ripples.
At the centre of the terrifying explosion, a human figure flew out and then landed on the ground.
It was none other than the old man with the white beard.
Only the old man’s face was pale and there was a trace of blood at the corner of his mouth, clearly injured.
And as the smoke and dust cleared, Ding did not stand in the same place with a bland expression.
“You can either get lost or die, two ways ……”
Ding Dada swept a glance at Luo Jinzuo and which other people from the Desert North Martial Dao community, and his voice was indifferent.
After being swept by Ding Da’s eyes, many people from the Desolate Northern Martial Daoist Community began to retreat in their hearts.
They did not expect Ding Da’s strength to be so powerful, and he was already a real Martial Marquis.
“Everyone, don’t be afraid, this Ding is only just stepping into the Martial Marquis realm, as long as we join forces, we will definitely be able to defeat him!”
“Let’s all go together!”
The old man with the white beard said.
“Good, let’s all go together ……”
Luo Jinzuo nodded and said.
Seeing Luo Jinzuo’s words, those clans and families of the Desolate Northern Martial Dao Realm could only charge forward head on.
“Kill …………”
Seeing this, Ding Bu Er waved his arm!
The people from the Vicious Valley as well as the Shadowless Mountain Villa and the Pill God Valley all swarmed forward as well.
Hundreds of people from both sides instantly mingled into a battle.
Ding Da Da, being a Martial Sect, was especially taken care of, as the old man led four half-step Martial Marquis experts to surround Ding Da.
Although Ding Da Da was a Martial Martial, he could only cope with five half-step Martial Martial Marquis or even higher in strength.
When Luo Jinzuo saw that Ding Da Da was being pestered, he led his men to rush towards the interior of the Valley of the Wicked.
He wanted to get Chen Ping out and avenge his nephew’s death!
Just as Luo Jinzuo led his men to rush towards the interior of the Valley of the Wicked, Ding Bu’er directly blocked Luo Jinzuo’s way.
“Humph, if you want to break in, you have to pa*s me first!”
Ding Bu’er’s qi surged up in his body.
Looking at Ding Bu Er, Luo Jin Zuo’s eyes were cold, “If I can’t beat that Ding Da, can’t I beat you? Since you want to seek death, I’ll make it happen for you!”
“Then let’s try and see who fulfills who!”
Ding Bu Er was filled with rage.
“You have a big mouth, but I just don’t know if you are as strong as your big brother!” Jin Yuande taunted.
“You’ll know if you try!” Before the sound fell, Ding Bu’er had already rushed up and then slapped his palm at Luo Jinzuo’s chest.
“Good timing!” Seeing this, Luo Jinzuo smiled coldly and similarly slapped out with a palm!
Bang!
With a muffled sound, the palms of the two, solidly blasted together.
A powerful wave of Qi spread rapidly in all directions from the place where they had struck each other.
The two men grunted and each took three steps backwards!
This slap was an even match!
Luo Jinzuo and Ding Bu’er, both half-step Martial Marquis, were evenly matched under this slap.
“Your strength is not as good as your big brother’s, but it’s not that easy to kill me!”
Luo Jinzuo looked coldly at Ding Bu’er.
“Try me!” Ding Bu’er’s killing intent rose up, “I will kill you today!”
“How dare you!” Luo Jinzuo was also furious.
“Eagle Spreads Its Wings!”
As his voice fell, Ding Bu’er’s body actually took to the air like an eagle.
With a claw from above, he grabbed at Luo Jinzuo’s head!
Ding Bu’er’s speed was extremely fast, and a white stream of air could even be seen behind him.