Boom …………
With another loud bang, the light of the formation suddenly turned into bits of starlight and scattered all over the ground, the formation laid by Chen Ping was completely broken!
“Kill …………”
Seeing this, Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Chopping Sword, directly roared and charged out!
Seeing this, Ge Yuhan followed close behind, guarding behind Chen Ping as she had to protect him!
“Kill …………”
Jin Yuan and Lu Factory both raised their arms as well!
With their respective men, they rushed forward, at this point in time, no one dared to hide their selfishness, as long as they didn’t put in their best effort, then they would become a meal in the mouth of the demonic beasts!
Chen Ping’s body was like a bolt of lightning, weaving through the demon beasts, his Dragon Cutting Sword reaping the lives of the demon beasts!
Jin Yuan and Lu Factory also led their men to follow the demonic beasts and fight, because the crowd formed a circle, relying on each other to attack, so there was no breakthrough, that many demonic beasts, also for a time, could not break through this defensive circle!
“Roar ……”
With a roar, the demonic beasts that were constantly attacking, as if they had heard the order, collectively retreated backwards!
And Chen Ping and the others were all bathed in blood, and many of them were wounded!
Although they were not seriously injured, the ma*sive consumption of their spiritual energy had left them all panting and panting, taking advantage of the time to breathe heavily and try to rest!
The spiritual energy was depleted, but there was no way to recover it in a short time, so if these demonic beasts attacked again, they probably wouldn’t be able to last much longer!
“If this goes on, we are probably going to die of exhaustion even if we are not eaten by the demonic beasts ……”
Lu Factory said with a frown!
Everyone didn’t say anything, because they knew that if they continued like this, they would really have to die of exhaustion alive!
“Everyone collect the beast pills, take some of them quickly while we’re at it, maybe we can still replenish some spiritual energy!”
Chen Ping greeted everyone and hurriedly fetched beast pills!
After all, beneath their feet, there were patches of dead demonic beasts, and the only resource that could quickly restore their spiritual energy right now was beast pills!
“Such a short time, even if we eat the beast pills, it’s still too late to refine them ……”
Jin Yuan sighed and said.
“As much as we can refine, we have no choice now ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, with a wave of the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, the inner ones of several demonic beasts were thrown into the air, and Chen Ping sucked them all into his belly with a fierce suck!
The Heart Condensation Skill was running at a rapid pace and began to refine the swallowed beast pills!
At this time, Chen Ping was observing the retreating demonic beasts, which had withdrawn a hundred metres away and seemed to be waiting for the next attack!
And on a raised boulder, the Flaming Tiger stood tall, staring at Chen Ping and the others!
“Looks like we can only capture the thief first ……”
Chen Ping looked at the Flaming Tiger and knew that if he killed the Flaming Tiger, he could make all these demonic beasts disperse!
But it was not easy to kill the flaming tiger, the ground was full of hordes of demonic beasts, the only way to attack the flaming tiger was from the air!
“Roar …………”
The flaming tiger seemed to have seen Chen Ping’s thoughts and roared from the sky, and hundreds of demonic beasts started to move again!
“You guys hold back these demonic beasts, I’ll go and kill that Flaming Tiger, as long as we kill that Flaming Tiger, we can only make the tide of beasts disperse!”
Chen Ping said to Jin Yuan and Lu Factory!
After all, with so many demonic beasts, it was almost impossible to kill them all, and the spiritual energy in their bodies could not possibly support them to kill all these demonic beasts!
So they could only take the sword and capture the thief first!
“Chen Ping, with your strength, it’s so impossible to kill that Flaming Tiger, I think it’s better for me to try!”
Jin Yuan wanted to kill the Flaming Tiger!
If he killed the Flaming Tiger, he would be able to obtain the Flaming Tiger’s beast pellet!
One must know that the Flaming Tiger’s beast elixir was a priceless treasure.