As Chen Ping and Hu Mazi stepped into the guiding white light of the Great Path, their bodies were uncontrollably drawn into it!
A tremendous suction force enveloped them, relentlessly pulling them in!
Chen Ping felt his body stiffen, the overwhelming force of absorption urging him to resist instinctively!
He’d imagined being guided to the Heavenly Realm would be pleasant, but instead, it was excruciatingly painful!
When Chen Ping sensed a vortex swirling deep within his body, the surrounding light and sound vanished entirely, everything gone!
It was as if his whole being was suspended in a void, not a trace of presence detectable around him!
Even Hu Mazi’s aura was nowhere to be felt.
His eyes saw nothing, his divine sense picked up no objects!
Even his Heavenly Nether Eye, in this place, proved utterly useless!
Chen Ping could only close his eyes slightly, feeling as though he were floating in mid-air!
He didn’t know how much time passed before he sensed his body entering another passage, the pressure pressing in from all sides!
Faint glimmers of light flickered before his eyes!
Boom!
Suddenly, a deafening roar rang out, and Chen Ping felt a wave of dizziness, his organs seemingly crushed together!
He wanted to fight back, but he couldn’t muster even a shred of strength!
The ordeal was unbearable!
It was like his mind was fully awake, yet he had no control over his body!
When a piercing white light stabbed into his eyes, Chen Ping finally opened them!
His vision slowly returned, his heart pounding with excitement!
He was desperate to see what the Heavenly Realm, the place everyone yearned for, looked like!
But as Chen Ping gradually opened his eyes, he found himself surrounded by a massive cage!
Black chains coiled tightly around its edges!
“What, where am I?”
“Master Hu? Master Hu?”
Chen Ping was baffled. Wasn’t he supposed to be guided to the Heavenly Realm?
Why was he suddenly in a cage?
He had no idea where this was. He tried extending his divine sense, but it wouldn’t project at all!
Chen Ping shouted for a while, but there was no sign of Hu Mazi!
Now panicked, he yelled loudly, “Is anyone there? Where is this place?”
But despite shouting several times, no one answered!
“Senior, do you know where this is? Is this the Heavenly Realm?”
Chen Ping could only turn to the Red Cloud Demon Lord for help!
The Red Cloud Demon Lord shook his head, “I don’t know, this looks like a prison, doesn’t it?”
“Of course I know it’s a prison, but why am I here?”
“Wasn’t I being guided to the Heavenly Realm? Why am I in a cell?”
Chen Ping grew frantic. He hadn’t even reached the Heavenly Realm, and now he was trapped!
He activated his Heavenly Nether Eye, piercing through the layers of black mist within the cage, hoping to glimpse what lay outside!
But when he looked, he saw countless similar cages, all seemingly floating in some unknown space!
Each cage was bound by chains, their interiors obscured!
Chen Ping tried absorbing the surrounding aura, but there was no immortal energy, nor spiritual energy!
The black mist held traces of demonic energy, but even that was faint, leaving Chen Ping clueless about what was happening!
Calming himself, Chen Ping drew his Dragon-Slaying Sword and swung it fiercely at the cage!
He was determined to break the prison and escape this place!
He couldn’t be trapped here forever!
Clang!
The Dragon-Slaying Sword struck the cage’s edge, letting out a crisp ring. Sparks flew, but the cage remained unscathed!
Instead, Chen Ping’s hands tingled with numbness from the recoil!