Chief Liu saw out that what Chen Ping wanted was this effect, to force Mu Qing’s true strength out!
That punch just now, looked horrible, in fact, it was not very powerful, more importantly, it was just a shock in the heart!
As an onlooker, Chief Liu was able to see that!
But that Mu Qing was in the presence of Chen Ping!
The Holy Light Fist had the origin of illusion, and Mu Qing was unknowingly confused by Chen Ping!
If one were to simply use the Illusion Technique, they would definitely be recognised by that Mu Qing!
Therefore, Chen Ping had used the Origin of Illusion to mesmerise Mu Qing’s mind, coupled with the fact that that Holy Light Fist was indeed extremely powerful!
This caused Mu Qing to believe in the truth and directly exposed his full strength!
“First rank of the Mahayana realm, this is your entire strength, right? With this strength, you’re still bragging with me.”
Chen Ping had a cold smile on his face, his eyes filled with contempt!
Knowing that this Mu Qing was at the first rank of the Mahayana Realm, Chen Ping’s heart was much more relaxed, without much pressure!
Otherwise, having pressure in his heart all the time, it would be easy for him to reveal his flaws during the fight!
“Hmph, a first grade of the Mahayana realm is not something that you, a fourth grade of the Ferrying realm minor cultivator, can fight against.”
Mu Qing, at this moment, also knew that he had been fooled and said with anger in his eyes!
“How do you know I’m at the fourth rank of the Transition Realm? I only used half of my strength.”
“Your aunt was at the peak of the Ferrying Realm, and using the Mu Family’s secret method, she was forcefully raised to the strength of the first rank of the Mahayana Realm, and she was still not stepped on by me, following a dead dog?”
“You, a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm, will also be that end, but if you take the initiative to admit defeat now, and drill through my crotch, I might be able to spare you from death, as long as you serve me as a slave for five hundred years.”
Chen Ping directly shot back with the words that Mu Qing had just spoken!
Right now, Mu Qing’s strength was all exposed, and what exactly Chen Ping’s strength was like, Mu Qing was still not clear at all!
In particular, Chen Ping’s words just now, killing Mu Naiyi was so easy to say, making Mu Qing a little uncertain!
When the crowd saw Mu Qing’s face, they all laughed out loud!
Just now, Mu Qing had been bullish and boisterous, but now he was slapped in the face!
The laughter of the crowd also gave Mu Qing pressure at the same time, this kind of psychological warfare!
It had to be said that the Broad Cold Palace Palace Master and the Luo Valley Master, they all knew how to engage in psychological warfare!
Mu Qing’s anger was ignited!
“Kid, don’t pretend, your strength is nothing more than that, I will definitely kill you!”
Mu Qing roared.
The laughter of the crowd, Chen Ping’s mockery, this was a public slap in the face!
In front of hundreds of people from the Mu Clan, being madly slapped in the face by the crowd!
This was a single fight that he had requested, if he could not defeat and decapitate Chen Ping!
Then he would have lost his face!
Mu Qing’s hands clenched his fists in death, and fire could spew out from his eyes!
“Apart from your mouth being a braggart, what real skills do you have, just use them directly.”
Chen Ping was still sneering at Mu Qing!
“I’ll let you know if I’m bragging or not!”
“You’ve successfully provoked me, and I will make you pay the price, including these people who are laughing out loud!”
Mu Qing’s veins bulged out on his face, now he was not only going to kill Chen Ping, he was even going to kill these people who laughed out loud!
Whoever had laughed at him, he would kill them!
It proved that this guy Mu Qing had really lost his mind!
Mu Qing’s entire body’s black aura surged, streams of light flashed within the black light, and then his body was like a shooting star as he rushed towards Chen Ping!
This time, Mu Qing exploded his full strength!
He had been humiliated to such an extent, what was there to hide!
He only had one thing on his mind right now, and that was to kill Chen Ping!
Kill everyone!
Seeing this, Chen Ping also put away his contempt, his Unbreakable Golden Body flickered with light, and the Three Supreme Flames continued to flow around his body!
A golden dragon roared out behind his back, constantly circling around Chen Ping’s back!
Chen Ping would verbally defy Mu Qing, but would not really underestimate this fellow!