The sword emitted a faint greyish glow, and it kept emitting a dragon roar!
As soon as the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared, Kawaguchi Kazuo felt a tremendous pressure and his body unconsciously took two steps backwards!
Not to mention the pressure that Chen Ping had brought to Kawaguchi Kazuo, this Dragon Chopping Sword alone had already made him start to shiver with fear!
If Chen Ping had taken out the Dragon Cutting Sword at the very beginning, Kawaguchi Kazuo would probably not have made a move, he would have turned his head and run.
He didn’t expect that in a short period of time, Chen Ping’s strength had grown so much that even the weapon in his hand had grown in strength along with him!
Panic flashed in Kawaguchi Kazuo’s eyes as he turned to Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, actually I was forced to kill you by the Watanabe clan, if I didn’t do so, the Watanabe clan wouldn’t have let me go at all.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo was trying to gain sympathy, he was afraid that Chen Ping would kill him!
“You’re afraid?” The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, “Don’t you islanders hate failure the most? Whenever you fail, then you will plow your belly to death ……”
“No, no, no, not every islander would be like that, I hope you can spare me, so that you can be safe.”
“If you kill me, the Watanabe family will continue to send people, and then you will have no peace for the rest of your life.”
“Think about it, let me go and I won’t be returning to the island, but I will send a message to the Watanabe family that I’m after you!”
“As long as I’m alive, they won’t send anyone else.”
Kazuo Kawaguchi gave Chen Ping his analysis, all he wanted was to live!
“If I kill you, the Watanabe clan won’t be good enough to send someone ……”
Chen Ping said slowly.
“Why?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo froze!
“Because by killing you, I will exterminate the Watanabe family so that they will never have the chance to send someone to kill me again ……”
Chen Ping had long thought about it, when he killed Kawaguchi Kazuo, he would go to the island and eradicate the Watanabe family completely!
He could not keep such a hidden danger, and even more so, he could not let the brothers of the law enforcement team lose their lives for nothing for his sake ……
“Chen Ping, you dare to go to the island country to exterminate the Watanabe family? Do you know how huge the Watanabe family’s strength is?”
“And even if you go to the island country, will you be able to find the Watanabe family? Would you be able to enter the Watanabe family?”
“If you plan to break in hard, I’m sure you won’t be able to get out of the island.”
“Even if you are a Martial Saint strength, it is still impossible for you to destroy the Watanabe family and get out in one piece!”
Kawaguchi Kazuo thought that Chen Ping was just crazy to have such an idea!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, in fact, he knew that what Kawaguchi Kazuo said was true.
Going to the island, Chen Ping was unfamiliar with the place, how would he find the Watanabe family, and even if he did, how would he get close to the Watanabe family?
Even if he destroyed the Watanabe family, how would he get back in one piece?
These were all questions.
Seeing Chen Ping frowning slightly, that Kawaguchi Kazuo hurriedly continued, “Chen Ping, as long as you don’t kill me, I can help you, I am willing to take you to the island, in fact, I have long since lost sight of the Watanabe family’s domineering ways.”
“Even the imperial power is having a hard time controlling that Watanabe family now, they’re too inflated!”
Kawaguchi Kazuo was trying his best to persuade Chen Ping to let him go, so it was clear how much Kawaguchi Kazuo was afraid of death!
As Chen Ping looked at Kawaguchi Kazuo’s nervous look, he casually took out a pill from his pocket and handed it over!
“This is a pain pill, if you take it, I can stop killing you, but you have to listen to me because I am the only one who has the antidote for this!”
“Otherwise, you will die in extreme pain.”
Chen Ping said slowly, then observed the change in Kawaguchi Kazuo’s expression!
Without hesitation, Kawaguchi Kazuo took the pill and swallowed it straight away!
Right now, he could live as long as he could.
Seeing Kawaguchi Kazuo swallow the pill, Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Alright, you can go now, but remember, you must take the antidote within three days before you can do so.”
“I will go to the island within these three days, by then I believe you will have the ability to find me.”
“Good, good, good …………”
Kawaguchi Kazuo nodded his head repeatedly, then turned his head and ran.