Only after several repeated attempts did Chen Ping lead Bing Lu and the others into the formation at the foot of the mountain!
Chen Ping did not know who had placed this formation, but with such a huge formation that could still shield the entire mountain peak, then the other party must be a very powerful formation master!
After walking into the formation, Chen Ping’s footsteps became unusually heavy!
Let alone flying, even walking was difficult!
After all, turning into an ordinary person, walking this kind of mountain road, and a road full of snow, must be very strenuous!
But just as Chen Ping and the others had just walked into the formation not long ago, they realised that not far to their side, a group of people were also struggling to move forward!
These people were none other than the Mu family members that Mu Naiyi had brought along!
This time, as soon as the two sides met, their eyes were red!
Especially Bing Lu and the girls, all of them had scarlet eyes, itching to rush up and kill all the Mu family members!
Chen Ping, on the way, also knew that the bodies of those Holy Maidens were the work of the Mu Family, and was also furious in his heart.
These animals of the Mu family, killing people is just a headache, I didn’t expect that they would not spare the corpses as well, they are simply worse than pigs and dogs!
When the Mu Family people saw Chen Ping and the others, they were also stunned, and then there was a murderous intent in their eyes!
Especially Mu Yao, after seeing Chen Ping, he couldn’t wait to make a move right away!
Only, here, all of them did not have any cultivation, they were just ordinary people, not to mention fighting, walking on this mountain road was a struggle!
Most of all, there was no way for them to sacrifice their weapons!
“You animals that are worse than pigs and dogs, the heavens will not let you go.”
Bing Lu gritted her teeth and cursed at the Mu Family’s crowd!
“Little girl, have you not tasted our power, if you dare to curse once, believe it or not I will strip you naked?”
Mu Yao said with a lewd face!
This time, it made Bing Lu angry, but they were both girls, so trying to take advantage of them verbally was simply not possible!
Chen Ping reached out and stopped Bing Lu from making a sound!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, took a few steps forward and looked at Mu Yao coldly: ”Are you remembering what you ate but not remembering what you did? Have you forgotten how I beat you up?”
Mu Yao remembered that he was beaten by Chen Ping, his heart was on fire, “Kid, what are you bullsh*tting about, if you have the ability to make a move on me right now, let’s see if you dare?”
“Kid, you are playing with fire when you go against my Mu Family, now that you yourself have become the prey of the Demon Sealing Alliance, why are you still rampant?”
Mu Naiyi’s eyes slightly condensed as she said with a deadly stare at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had killed her nephew, Mu Naiyi had long wanted to kill Chen Ping for revenge!
“Old thing, as an elder of the Guanghan Palace, yet you sneak attacked the Holy Maiden of the Guanghan Palace, you don’t know shame.”
“Today, I will take revenge for those dead holy maidens.”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, his eyes sharp!
“Haha, just blow it off, here you and I are the same as normal people, there is no way to mobilise the breath in our bodies, what are you going to take revenge with?”
“With a stone on the ground?”
Mu Naiyi sneered, and was a mockery to Chen Ping!
Now, although they had all become ordinary people, the Mu family was obviously large in number, and they were all male!
Even with the strength of their physical bodies, there was no way the Mu Family could be afraid!
And after Chen Ping heard that Mu Nai Yi, he instantly bent down and picked up a stone and threw it over ruthlessly!
The stone was like a cannonball, directly hitting Mu Naiyi’s head!
It directly smashed that Munaiyi’s head with a big bag!
“Hahaha …………”
Seeing this, Bing Lu and the girls burst out laughing, finally getting out a mouthful of bad anger!
Mu Naiyi covered his head and hissed and growled, “Throw me, stone them to death ……”
This time, the Mu Family crowd also picked up stones and smashed them towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was alone, facing a dozen or so people from the Mu Family without flinching, picking up stones and smashing them!