“Oh, so that’s what happened!”
Wei Qing wiped the cold sweat from his forehead, then said with slight difficulty, “Senior brother, there is no such precedent yet, after going there, I’ll ask for you.”
“Good, I’m grateful to senior brother.” Chen Ping said!
“Nonsense, from now on, we are the closest people.”
Wei Qing patted Chen Ping’s shoulder and said!
The reason why Chen Ping didn’t want to take the test and directly spend money to bribe his way in was that he didn’t want to expose his strength and aura!
It would be best if he could spend spirit coins to directly enter the Purple Flame Sect!
Chen Ping followed Wei Qing to a tall building!
At the moment, there were already quite a few people queuing up in front of this simply door, these were the ones who had come for the assessment and wanted to join the Purple Flame Sect!
There was also a portion of them that were outer disciples assessing to be promoted to inner disciples!
Wei Qing led Chen Ping, directly through the crowd and walked in!
Entering inside, Chen Ping saw a girl wearing a long green silk dress, holding a long sword, with an angry face saying loudly, “If you don’t make things clear today, no one will be able to take the test.”
The girl directly blocked in front of the door, not letting those sons and daughters participating in the examination enter!
“Senior Sister Qian, what are you doing?”
Wei Qing looked at the girl and asked with a face full of confusion!
When the girl saw Wei Qing, she immediately said with an aggrieved face, “Senior Brother Wei Qing, you came just in time, judge us, this Liu Sh*tong won’t allow us to participate in the examination, and after all the other outer sect disciples take the examination, they all have to choose their lineage in order to do so.”
“All of us disciples from the old sect master’s lineage are not allowed to be in the assessment unless we switch to their new sect master’s lineage.”
“What, there’s still such a thing?” Wei Qing frowned!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, listened in confusion and asked in a low voice, “Senior brother, what is this? Is it possible that this assessment of mine has also fizzled out?”
“Senior brother don’t worry, this assessment ground, it’s still not his Liu Sh*tong alone who has the final say, even though he’s the current Sect Master’s favoured disciple, the entire Purple Flame Sect isn’t his word either.”
Wei Qing said angrily!
“Senior Brother Wei Qing, who is this?”
The girl looked at Chen Ping and then asked!
“Oh, this is my master’s senior brother Cheng Ping who was brought here by my master, I’m here to bring him to assess the inner disciples.”
Wei Qing hurriedly introduced, “Senior brother, this is Elder Hu’s disciple Qian Xiu.”
“Good day, senior sister!” Chen Ping greeted Qian Xiu after him politely, then said with a slight question, “Senior sister is already an inner disciple, why do you still need to come for the examination? And what exactly is that Liu Sh*tong?”
Wei Qing smiled and said, “Senior brother, even though senior sister Qian is an inner disciple, she still has to climb up the ladder ah, she’s assessing for the door’s deacon.”
“Truth be told, I am now the inner door deacon, see the jade crown on my head, this is the symbol of a deacon.”
Wei Qing said with slight pride following Chen Ping!
“This Liu Sh*tong is that Elder Huo’s favoured disciple.” Qian Xiu said.
“Keep your voice down, it’s Sect Master Huo now, he’s the disciple of the Sect Master, of course he’s bullish.”
Wei Qing hurriedly reminded!
Chen Ping also sort of heard that this new and old Sect Masters were alternating, and there was also constant infighting within the Purple Flame Sect!
This Elder Yu, Elder Hu and the others should be from the old Sect Master’s lineage!
That’s why this is the assessment, specifically targeting them!
It is also to get these people to leave the old Sect Master’s lineage and join the new Sect Master’s lineage!
Like this kind of sect power alternation, accompanied by secret fights, are also all normal things!
Where there are forces, there will be fights!
Back in the Jade Cauldron Sect, wasn’t this also the case!
“Senior brother Wei Qing, as a deacon of the Purple Flame Sect, you must take care of this matter, let’s go and find that Liu Sh*tong to discuss.”
Qian Xiu pulled Wei Qing and headed straight for the hall!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only follow behind!