The streets of Beast City were silent under the shroud of night, and the surrounding houses had long since closed their doors tightly, as if they were all fearing the unknown in this silence.
From time to time, a few patrolling guards quietly walked by, their footsteps in this quiet atmosphere seemed particularly clear.
The Beast City at this moment was frighteningly quiet, just like a sleeping beast that did not know when it would awaken and display its chilling power.
However, right on this silent street, a few silhouettes suddenly appeared, these few people were obviously drunk, walking staggeringly and talking loudly as they walked, breaking the tranquillity of this night.
“Duke Qiu, today’s chick is awesome, and her strength isn’t low, this kind of chick is only something that Duke Qiu is qualified to play with.”
“That’s right, don’t look at who Brother Yu is, not to mention playing with one chick, playing with ten is no longer a problem.”
“I remember Brother Yu even played with a chick from the Mahayana realm some time ago, she almost didn’t get killed by Brother Yu!”
These few people were all Qiu Yu’s fox friends who had just had a drink.
It was because of Qiu Yu’s identity that a few of his friends were able to walk around and make a racket in this silent street!
Qiu Yu was currently being touted by a few of his foxes and dogs, he licked his lips and said, “What’s a Mahayana realm chick, when I have time, I’ll give you guys a Harmonisation Immortal realm chick to play with and see! ”
Qiu Yu’s sentence immediately stunned the several foxes and dogs, shrinking their necks and looking around!
What kind of joke is this?
Immortalisation realm?
Is this kind of bull shit even bragging?
Fortunately, within this Beast City, there were also no female cultivators of the Immortalisation Realm, if they were heard, and people blew their breath, several of them would be dead!
“Who dares to shout in the streets?”
At this time, three patrolling guards spotted Qiu Yu and the others and immediately surrounded them!
However, when they saw that it was Qiu Yu, the three guards were shocked!
“Damn it, blind your dog eyes, can’t you see who I am?”
Qiu Yu was instantly furious and cursed with wide eyes!
“Sir Qiu, I’m sorry, I didn’t know it was you!”
The three guards panicked and apologised!
Who made it so that someone’s father was one of Beast City’s Three Great Beast Generals, this kind of status didn’t need to follow any rules at all!
The rules were just customised by others, where else could they be followed!
“Get lost, and wipe your eyes brightly in the future!”Qiu Yu saw that the three guards’ attitude was fine, giving himself face, so he let the three guards leave with a wave of his hand!
A smug smile appeared on his face, as if he was enjoying the thrill of this power.
But just as the three guards were about to leave, Qiu Yu realised that from the opposite side of them, there was actually a figure walking towards them!
Only after getting closer did Qiu Yu realise that the person coming was Chen Ping who had beaten himself up in the hotel!
Seeing Chen Ping suddenly appear on the street, Qiu Yu was a bit baffled!
Shouldn’t this guy be in jail?
At this time, Chen Ping also spotted Qiu Yu’s people and was also slightly stunned, but he was not afraid!
He had General Xing’s token in his hand, so he had no problem walking on the streets at all!
“Good boy, you even escaped from prison and are openly violating the curfew by walking on the streets.”
“What are you guys waiting for, why don’t you arrest him!”
Qiu Yu yelled at the three guards!
Seeing this, the three guards rushed forward and surrounded Chen Ping!
One of the guards then said in a cold voice, “You have violated the curfew, obediently come with us and don’t make us use force!”
Seeing this, Qiu Yu then looked on with a sneer as he held his arms over his shoulders!
Chen Ping did not bother with the guard, but directly took out General Xing’s token!
When that guard saw General Xing’s token, he was also stunned, then he dodged out of the way, “Excuse me ……”