After saying that, Xuanyuan Yan leapt deep into the big pit and looked at Chen Ping coldly, “Chen Ping, the wind and water turn, now it’s my turn, right?”
After saying that, Xuan Yuan Yan’s body also began to shine with golden light, and at Xuan Yuan Yan’s brow, there was also a seal flickering continuously.
“You’re actually an evil cultivator?” Chen Ping frowned.
Xuan Yuan Yan was silent as he sneered, “Today I will use my imperishable golden body to have a good clash with you, and then return all the powerful qi in your body to me!”
After saying this, Xuanyuan Yan went straight to Chen Ping’s front.
Chen Ping’s gaze was fixed, and his palm sliced through a golden light, fiercely slapping towards Xuanyuan Yan.
Although Chen Ping was wounded, he would never sit idly by and wait for death!
What’s more, this Xuanyuan Yan had even revealed his evil cultivator nature, he was not expecting that the head of the Xuan Yuan family of the Kyoto martial arts world would be an evil cultivator, practising evil techniques!
What was even more incomprehensible to Chen Ping was that Guo Wei, who was the director of the Martial Dao Alliance, was standing not far away and did not care in the slightest about Xuanyuan Yan being an evil cultivator.
It should be known that when the Martial Dao Alliance was first established, it was to eliminate the evil cultivators in the Martial Dao world as its mission, but now it seemed that this Martial Dao Alliance also had an ulterior motive.
Xuan Yuan Yan dodged Chen Ping’s slap, and then his huge palm slapped Chen Ping’s back, causing him to fall forward!
Chen Ping had just gotten up when Xuanyuan Yan’s strike struck again, this time with a kick that caused the faint golden light on Chen Ping’s body to instantly disappear.
“Chen Ping, this imperishable golden body I also know, all I know where its weak point is ……”
Looking at the disappearing golden light on Chen Ping’s body, Xuanyuan Yan laughed in triumph.
Then Xuan Yuan Yan pressed one hand on Chen Ping’s head, the seal on his forehead began to flicker rapidly, a huge suction force entered Chen Ping’s body and began to continuously suck the spiritual energy from Chen Ping’s body.
Sensing the invasion from the outside world, the Heart Condensation Skill within Chen Ping’s body began to run wildly, and the suction force that had entered Chen Ping’s body was instantly sucked into Chen Ping’s dantian by the Heart Condensation Skill.
Just as Xuanyuan Yan was filled with excitement, thinking that he could suck in Chen Ping’s energy, he suddenly found that the energy in his body was involuntarily running towards Chen Ping’s body.
At this moment, Xuanyuan Yan panicked and tried to take his hand away, but no matter how hard he tried, his palm felt like it was stuck and he couldn’t get it out!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was like a bottomless pit, constantly sucking up the energy in Xuan Yuan Yan’s body, and the originally surging energy that needed to be in his body soon became like a trickle.
Xuan Yuan Yan’s body was also shrinking rapidly and soon turned into an old and geriatric appearance.
Xuan Yuan Yan’s eyes widened as he looked at Chen Ping incredulously, his mouth opened, but he found that he could not say a single word.
Soon, Xuan Yuan Yan’s powerful qi disappeared from his body, and along with the disappearance of his powerful qi, Xuan Yuan Yan’s breathing also stopped, until the moment when Xuan Yuan Yan was unconscious, his eyes were still looking at Chen Ping in shock.
Chen Ping drew in Xuan Yuan Yan’s energy and began to transform it into spiritual energy, and the golden light that had faded from his body slowly began to appear again.
Guo Wei, who had seen no movement for a long time, went over to look inside the deep pit.
But as soon as Guo Wei looked into the pit, a stream of light flashed past, and Guo Wei hurriedly stepped back, then saw Chen Ping standing in front of him with a golden light emanating from his body, while within the deep pit, only Xuan Yuan Yan’s dried up corpse was left behind.
“You’re actually an evil cultivator too?”
Guo Wei took one look and immediately knew what had happened.
Xuan Yuan Yan’s miserable state was clearly caused by someone sucking the powerful Qi from his body.