Chen Ping left from the dungeon, and the old Sect Master did not ask Chen Ping about letting Gu Tianzhao go, after all, now that Chen Ping was the Purple Flame Sect’s Master, everything was up to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had originally planned to return to Hu Huang City once he had learnt the art of Supreme Fire Fusion, but now that there was this matter of Gu Tianzhao, it looked like there would be a delay of a few more days!
However, to be able to obtain the Two Yi Sect’s Blood Jade, it would be worthwhile to stay by himself for a few days!
There was another thing that Chen Ping couldn’t stop thinking about Zhu Ling, if he left before he slept, Chen Ping was a bit reluctant to do so!
Next, Chen Ping accepted the promotion ceremony, so Chen Ping couldn’t even think of not being the sect master!
Moreover, Chen Ping also rectified the Purple Flame Sect to prevent things like Huo Yuanting from happening again!
And the mess left behind by Huo Yuanting had to be cleaned up!
Although all of these people had expressed their submission and stayed in the Purple Flame Sect, there were quite a few of them who had bad intentions!
Especially the kind of deacon disciple like Liu sh*tong was simply amoral and incompetent, and had brought shame to the Purple Flame Sect!
So this kind of person must be punished to bring down the blame.
After all, this Huo Yuanting also managed the Purple Flame Sect for a while, and many of the small people who tended to favour the others could not be reused!
Chen Ping followed the old Sect Master as he asked for guidance and rectified the situation, causing the Purple Flame Sect to change quite a bit in just a few days!
All of this was seen by the old Sect Master and was happy in his heart!
On the other hand, Zhu Ling accompanied Chen Ping every day and strongly supported him!
If someone else were to become this Sect Master, Zhu Ling would resist and oppose within her heart!
But when Chen Ping was, Zhu Ling was overjoyed. In fact, in Zhu Ling’s heart, she had long seen Chen Ping as her man!
Only Chen Ping does not take the initiative, Zhu Ling is also embarrassed to take that last step!
“Daughter, it’s been a few days now, you and Chen Ping haven’t cooked the rice yet?”
The old Sect Master was a bit anxious and asked Zhu Ling!
“Father, this …… that Chen Ping doesn’t take the initiative, I can’t be the one girl to take the initiative!”
Zhu Ling said with a blushing face!
“You girl, what can happen if you take the initiative? Happiness is all by oneself to strive for.”
“Today completely you take the initiative to go to Chen Ping’s room, only when you guys are raw I can rest assured.”
Old Sect Master urged Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling nodded, it looked like she could only take the initiative herself!
At night, when Chen Ping was lying on his bed slowly about to fall asleep, he heard the door of his room gently being pushed open!
Chen Ping didn’t need to look to know who it was, so he had been pretending to sleep!
However, at this time, Chen Ping’s heart was also thumping inside!
There was no one to keep Chen Ping company during this period of time, and Chen Ping was also a bit empty!
Zhu Ling walked over to Chen Ping’s bed and looked disappointed when she saw that Chen Ping had gone to sleep!
After hesitating again and again, Zhu Ling took off her clothes and slowly lay down!
But just after lying on the bed, Chen Ping violently rolled over!
Zhu Ling was startled: “You didn’t sleep ah ……”
“Senior sister, without you, where can I sleep ah ……”
Chen Ping finished and kissed towards Zhu Ling!
Suddenly, the spring breeze came on the night, and a thousand trees bloomed with pear blossoms!
This night, Chen Ping is beautiful!
But I don’t know how many men have become sleepless nights!
The goddess of the heart, no more!
Zhu Ling in Chen Ping’s nourishment, that is even more charming!
But just the next day after Chen Ping slept with Zhu Ling, Chen Ping received a sound transmission jade slip from Ji Yun!
At this time, Chen Ping realised that the Hu Huang City had actually let the Feng Family break through, but fortunately, the Fire Phoenix girls were fine and had escaped to the Western Region!
Otherwise, Chen Ping would have immediately made his move to return to Hu Huang City!
But even if that was the case, Chen Ping did not intend to let go of that Feng family, this Feng family was still the dog of the Demon Sealing Alliance, the pawns, Chen Ping also happened to take the opportunity to destroy the Feng family, to knock the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Now that Chen Ping was in the sixth grade of the Transition Realm, even if he encountered a first grade of the Mahayana Realm, he would not be afraid at all!
However, as a matter of urgency, Chen Ping was still searching for resources to raise his strength as soon as possible!
Only when he was strong enough would he not have to be chased by the Demon Sealing Alliance, and then he would be able to trample the Demon Sealing Alliance under his feet and treat them as ants!