Ji Meiyan froze and looked at Cai Qiannan in disbelief “How do you know?”
“That still needs to be asked, you’re walking with a limp now, was it last night that you were …………”
Cai Qiannan came to Ji Meiyan’s ear and whispered!
Ji Meiyan’s face reddened, fiercely glared at Cai Qiannan and said “You don’t talk nonsense ……”
“What am I talking nonsense about, just tell me if it’s true?” Cai Qiannan asked!
“It’s true, but I have no way to explain it to you, only if you’ve experienced it yourself will you know what it’s like.”
“You also hurry to find a man to experience it ……”
Ji Meiyan laughed!
“I’m not looking for ……” Cai Qian Nan said with a face full of condescension!
After sending Ji Meiyan away, Cai Qiannan returned to the hall!
“Xiaonan, go get the others, we should get ready to leave as well!”
Cai Hongwei said to Cai Qiannan!
Cai Qiannan nodded and went to call the others!
Cai Hongwei, on the other hand, was in the hall, following Chen Ping as they chatted for a while, and it was considered a preliminary understanding!
Soon, Cai Qiannan brought about ten or so people, each of these people had breath surging from their bodies, obviously not weak!
“Uncle Cai ……”
At this time, a young man, looking gentle and elegant, walked up to Cai Hongwei and gave a salute!
“So it’s Xiao Zhen ah, quickly find yourself a place to sit ……”
Cai Hongwei said politely to the young man!
The others also followed Cai Hongwei and greeted him, then found a place to sit down!
Soon, the originally empty hall was already filled with people!
After Cai Hongwei swept a glance, he frowned slightly and said, “Xiao Nan, why didn’t you see Elder Miao come?”
“Dad, Elder Miao isn’t here, but I’ve already notified, he might arrive in a while.”
Cai Qiannan said!
Upon hearing this, Cai Hongwei nodded and then waited quietly!
“Uncle Cai, I see our team, why are there suddenly three more people, and they don’t look very strong ah.”
The young man who had just spotted Chen Ping and the three of them, so he whispered to Cai Hongwei and asked!
“Oh, these three are introduced by the Ji family, don’t look like they’re not very strong, but they have airships that will allow us to shorten our time on the road, and also avoid some unnecessary trouble.”
Cai Hongwei explained!
Upon hearing this, that young man looked a little surprised and kept sizing up Chen Ping and the others!
Seeing this, Cai Hongwei called Chen Ping and the three of them over, and then introduced them, “Eldest nephew, this is the son of the Sikong family, Sikong Zhen, don’t look at his age, but his strength has already reached the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, and this is still the second time that he has gone to the Southern Region with me, so he is very experienced.”
After saying that, Cai Hongwei looked at Sikong Zhen and said “This is the Ji family’s Ji Yun ……”
“Uncle Cai, I don’t remember the Ji Family having such a character?”
Sikong Zhen looked at Ji Yun and felt very unfamiliar!
Cai Hongwei hurriedly followed Sikong Zhen and explained, and only then did Sikong Zhen realise that Ji Yun was the son of the third oldest member of the Ji Family who had left home that year!
After some pleasantries, the hall fell into silence as everyone waited for the person called Old Miao!
“Uncle Cai, is this Old Miao very important?”
Seeing that so many people were waiting for this Old Man Miao without saying a word, Ji Yun asked curiously!
“As a member of the Ji family, you don’t even know about Old Miao, who is the most powerful person in this Yellow and Blue City.”
“This time, Elder Miao also accompanied the trip to the Southern Region, but it’s all the creation of us people.”
“If it wasn’t for the fact that the Southern Region’s Heavenly Demon Mountain has been making a lot of noise lately, I don’t think Old Miao would have gone.”
Without waiting for Cai Hongwei to speak, that Sikong Zhen said!
Once Ji Yun heard that, he stopped talking, no wonder these people were waiting for that Old Miao, no one had any complaints!
Not too long after, footsteps sounded outside and Cai Hongwei instantly got up to welcome him out!