“If you worship me as your teacher, when you ascend to the Heavenly Realm, you can come directly to my mansion.”
“Senior, even if you haven’t fallen, I still don’t want to worship you as my master!”Chen Ping still refused!
“Why?”The Pill God was furious, his eyes rounded, “No one has ever dared to go against my wishes, if you don’t worship me, then you will not be able to walk out of the Pill Cauldron Mountain today, and I won’t allow you to worship another person as your master.”
Chen Ping looked at the Pill God and sighed lightly, this fellow was truly paranoid!
Are people in the Heavenly Realm all like this?
Rough natured and paranoid ……
Was there not a single gentle immortal?
“Senior, I don’t want your inheritance and I won’t worship you as my teacher, I’m showing you respect.”
“If you don’t need respect, then I can only tell you, because you don’t deserve to be my master yet, this bit of strength of yours doesn’t even enter my eyes!”
Chen Ping was no longer polite either!
The Pill God froze, and then stormed into a rage, “Bold, you are a small Ferry Realm cultivator, how dare you be so reckless, with this strength of mine, if I want to kill you, it is simply ……”
Before the Pill God could finish speaking, a golden light flashed on Chen Ping’s body, followed by a shadow slowly appearing from behind Chen Ping!
“Simply what? Tell me, simply what?”
Only the remnant soul of the Red Cloud Demon Lord appeared and looked towards that Pill God and asked!
The Pill God looked at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in front of him and instantly froze, only after a long time did he widen his eyes, grow his mouth and stutter, “Red …… Red Cloud Demon Monarch?”
“Ai yang, you this little medicine fairy, did not expect to know me ah, since you know me, that’s good, you say yourself, you have the qualification to accept this brother of mine as a disciple?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch didn’t expect this Pill Fairy to know himself!
“No …… no qualifications, I’m just a small loose immortal, where do I have the qualifications to accept a Demon Monarch’s brother as a disciple.”
“It’s me who’s out of my depth, I still hope that the Demon Monarch won’t be angry!”
Cold sweat broke out on the Pill God’s forehead!
What a joke, Chen Ping even had the residual soul of a Nine Heavens Demon Monarch within him, no wonder Chen Ping looked down on him!
Seeing that this Pill God was honest, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch reentered Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness, there was no way for his residual soul to detach itself from Chen Ping’s Sea of Consciousness and stay outside for a long time!
Seeing the Red Cloud Demon Monarch return back into Chen Ping’s body, the Pill God swallowed his saliva, there were many things in his heart that he wanted to ask, but he did not dare to ask!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then said, “Senior Red Cloud Demon Monarch, also fought with someone in the Celestial Realm, resulting in the demise of his physical body, with only a wisp of residual soul remaining, so I’ve been carrying it on my body, and when I’ve helped him to find all of his bones, I’ll be able to restore him.”
“In fact, although I don’t have the strength to ascend to Immortality, I do know some friends in the Heavenly Realm, like that Wuji Sacred Sect, I follow the Patriarch who has a good relationship, and he also gave me a Wuji Order, so as long as I ascend to the Heavenly Realm, I’ll be able to take the Wuji Order and find him there.”
Chen Ping took out the Wuji Order and showed it to the Pill God!
“I was reckless just now, I’ll give you the inheritance right here!”
The Pill God licked his lips, his face full of embarrassment, he would never have thought to death that a small cultivator of the Transition Realm in the Celestial Realm would know so many bigwigs in the Celestial Realm!
If he had known, he would not have threatened Chen Ping to death!
“No need, since I’m not worshipping the master, I can’t take your inheritance!”Chen Ping waved his hand!
Chen Ping had principles in doing things!
“Since this is the case, then I will give you a copy of the Medicine God’s Codex as a reward for you passing the test!”
With a wave of the Pill God’s hand, a golden book appeared and then turned into a ray of golden light that directly entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
The residual soul of the Pill God then slowly disappeared, and finally there was no trace of it!
The moment the remnant soul of the Pill God disappeared, the entire Pill Cauldron Mountain began to shake violently!