“Let’s look for it then, if we can’t find it, it looks like we’ll have to be thinking of something else.”
Protector Gong had lost the Golden Silkworm Compulsion Poison and had long hated Chen Ping to the bone, now even if the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance didn’t kill that Chen Ping, he would have to think of a way to kill Chen Ping!
Just as Elder Fei and Protector Gong were searching for the rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, they saw quite a few people gathering in the square in front of them, so they immediately went over!
“Brother, what are so many people doing?”
Elder Fei asked to a cultivator!
The cultivator just gave Elder Fei a cold look, but didn’t pay any attention to him.
Elder Fei’s brows furrowed, and there was anger in his eyes, while Protector Gong on the side was quick to pull out a valuable ancient coin and handed it to the cultivator!
After that cultivator took a look at the ancient coin, he immediately changed his attitude and said with a smile on his face “You two just came, right?”
“Not bad, we just arrived.” Protector Gong nodded his head and said!
“No wonder you guys don’t know about it, Sun City Lord is here to put up a list to find a doctor, his daughter has a strange disease that no one can cure.”
“It just so happens that the Heavenly Demon Mountain has discovered the Divine Demon Battlefield, and many foreign cultivators have come to this Meteor Sun City to recuperate, so City Lord Sun has taken the opportunity to try to find a pharmacist to help cure his daughter!”
“But this list has been up for three days, and although several of these pharmacists have uncovered the list, but in the end, none of them have been cured, and they’ve even taken their little lives.”
“Although this is a generous condition, it’s also a life-threatening errand, so now the people are also spectators, and no one has dared to unveil the list yet.”
That cultivator carefully explained after Elder Fei and Protector Gong!
After hearing this, Elder Fei’s eyes lit up and hurriedly brought Protector Gong forward!
Sure enough, I saw that on a stone pillar, posted a list looking for a pharmacist, and the conditions are generous, as long as the cure, not only can be rewarded with spirit coins, the main thing is that the Sun City Lord can also promise each other a condition.
“Gong protector, your chance has come ……”
The corner of Elder Fei’s mouth lifted slightly!
“Elder, this Sun City Lord’s daughter has already been seen by quite a few pharmacists and none of them have cured her, I’m afraid that my own medical skills won’t be able to ah.”
“Not to mention the identity of the two of us, if that Sun City Lord detects it, wouldn’t it be dangerous.”
Protector Gong had trepidation!
After all, they were demonic cultivators, and although they had taken pills to suppress the demonic aura in their bodies, once they were revealed, they would be in trouble!
“What are you afraid of, even if you can’t be cured, I can still save you out.”
“Now the two of us will split into two, I will go to the rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, you will go to cure that Sun City Lord’s daughter, no matter which one of the two of us succeeds, we will be able to cause that Chen Ping to die.”
Elder Fei said to that Protector Gong!
Although Protector Gong was a little reluctant, he still nodded his head and agreed, after all, a big official is a big man!
Gong Guofa unveiled the list, and soon there were two people from the City Lord’s Office to take Gong Guofa away!
And that Elder Fei also left!
Not long after they left, Chen Ping and the others arrived here.
“It seems that there really are those who aren’t afraid of death, several pill masters have been killed, and there’s still someone who dares to reveal the list.”
“People die for money and birds die for food, who made City Lord Sun’s offer too generous.”
“If I were a pharmacist, I would also go and reveal the list, and really heal the daughter of City Lord Sun, I would let her marry me.”
“Don’t you daydream …….”
The crowd talked and slowly dispersed!
Listening to the crowd’s discussion, Cai Hongwei was a bit curious, so he stopped a cultivator and said “This fellow Daoist, what just happened?”
The cultivator took a glance at Cai Hongwei, and before he could open his mouth, Cai Hongwei shoved over a bag of spirit coins!
Seeing this, the cultivator then gave a detailed account of what had just happened!