“This friend, you can just talk to me about renting a ship, and in the future, I’ll be in charge of all the ships of the entire Jin family.”
“But we have some personal matters to deal with now, you should also avoid it, it is best not to get involved!”
Du Ziteng saw that Chen Ping was the one who had come over to rent the boat, so he said coldly.
Chen Ping slowly placed his gaze on Du Ziteng and suddenly grinned, “You have the final say on the Jin family’s boats? Could it be that you are Jin Fusheng’s son?”
Chen Ping’s words caused Du Ziteng’s face to instantly turn grim and cold.
“Kid, I see that you are not here to rent a boat, but to cause trouble, then don’t blame me for being ungracious ……”
Du Ziteng’s eyes narrowed slightly, then waved his hand, “You three go on, waste him ……”
But when Du Ziteng finished speaking, he didn’t see a single person move, so he hurriedly turned back, only to see three Grand Masters with terror in their eyes, trembling all over, and the ground was wet!
The three men P*ssed themselves in fear, the moment they saw Chen Ping.
Although Du Ziteng was also a martial artist, the Du family was after all mainly engaged in business and did not pay much attention to the martial arts world.
This was not the case with the three invited Grand Masters, who often followed martial arts forums and were certainly aware of Chen Ping’s recent fame.
An existence capable of killing the director of the Kyoto Martial Arts Union, to kill the three of them, Chen Ping would be able to turn the three of them into mush with just an outburst of Qi.
With such a difference in strength, how could these three Grand Masters not P*ss themselves in fear.
“What’s wrong with you three?”
Du Ziteng looked at the three scared and P*ssed Grand Masters and asked with a face full of confusion.
“These three people you found are really not very good, look at them all P*ssing in fear, they stink to high heaven ……”
Chen Ping had a sneer on his face before turning to the three Grand Patriarchs and said, “What about your master telling you three to make a move? Won’t you make a move with me?”
After Chen Ping finished his words, the three Grand Patriarchs fell to the ground with a poof of fear.
“Mr. Chen spare my life, Mr. Chen spare my life …………”
The three Grand Masters kowtowed desperately and begged for mercy.
Seeing this scene, Du Ziteng’s entire body was dumbfounded, his eyes filled with horror!
He had to know that these three Grand Masters, existences that could walk across the South China City with just one of them, were now begging for mercy on their knees.
“Get lost ……”
Chen Ping looked at the three Grand Masters who were on their knees begging for mercy in front of him, and waved his hand somewhat impatiently.
The strength of a Grand Patriarch was now less than a mole in front of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping had no interest in crushing a few ants to death.
Besides, Chen Ping was not the kind of person who was bloodthirsty.
The three Grand Masters hurriedly thanked each other and turned their heads to run without a trace.
“Ai Ai Ai …………”
Du Ziteng looked at the three Grand Patriarchs who ran without a trace and panicked all of a sudden.
These three people were his reliance, and now that they had run away, Du Ziteng had no more to rely on.
“Why don’t you get lost? I’m telling you, I’ll cover the Jin family from now on, don’t hit the Jin family again!”
Chen Ping said to Du Ziteng.
Du Ziteng trembled and after nodding, he also turned and ran after him.
Finally, only Jin Fuwang was left, and he tried to run after Du Ziteng, but he was grabbed by Jin Fusheng.
With a sobbing face, Jin Fuwang knelt down in front of Jin Fusheng in one go.
“Brother, I was wrong, I was wrong, please spare me, spare me ……”
“I was also forced by that Du Ziteng, I won’t dare to do it again ……”
Jin Fu Wang hugged Jin Fusheng’s thighs, his nose and eyes were full of snot and tears!
Chen Ping looked at the two brothers and turned around and walked into the hall.
How this kind of thing was resolved, Chen Ping just didn’t care, that was his own problem Jin Fusheng.
Jin Fusheng looked at Jin Fuwang angrily, his palms raised high.
“Brother, please spare me, spare me ……”
“Mom and dad died early, it was you who brought me up, you only have me as a brother, a family member ah ……”
“I was wrong ……”
Jin Fuwang begged bitterly.