It’s as easy as an adult hitting a child!
Chen Ping found out that the highest combatant in this Bashi village, Ah Li, was only a cultivator who had just stepped into the Transformation Realm, which in the mundane realm of martial artists was at best a Grand Martial Marquis!
Even if Chen Ping recovered a little bit of strength, he would be able to beat the Great Martial Marquis.
“You can really save the people?” The old village chief looked at Chen Ping with some disbelief!
“Old Village Chief, it was Yun’er who saved me and allowed me to stay in Bashi Village, and the villagers of your Bashi Village did not make things difficult for Yun’er by driving me away, which equates to Bashi Village being kind to me, so how could I possibly lie to you!”
Chen Ping said with a sincere face!
The old village chief looked at Chen Ping and nodded after a moment, “Alright, then let the pillar take you there, but come back immediately if you encounter danger!”
“Understood, thank you old village chief ……”
Chen Ping was very grateful!
In fact, the old village chief also knew that even if he brought all the people of Bashi Village, it would only add to the casualties, and maybe their Bashi Village would be wiped out from then on!
Since Chen Ping was so convinced, the old village chief decided to let Chen Ping try!
“Pillar, let’s not delay, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping urged at the pillar!
Pillar glanced at the old village chief, who waved his hand and said “Go on, be safe ……”
Pillar nodded, then led Chen Ping out of the room!
When he pa*sed by the door of his house, he took out a long knife as tall as himself and a bow and arrow from inside his room.
“Let me see the people of Big Green Village and I’ll shoot them to death ……”
Pillar gritted his teeth, looking like he hated the people of Big Green Village!
“Pillar, do the people from this Big Green Village always bully you?”
Chen Ping asked.
“No, they are always bullying us because of their large number of people and their strength. Originally, we each had our own hunting grounds in this part of the mountain range!”
“But every year, Big Green Village expands their territory, squeezing our Bashi Village hunting grounds to the fringes, and it’s getting smaller and smaller.”
“Every time we go out, we harvest very little before returning, so the people of our village are getting poorer and poorer too ……”
Pillar introduced!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, it seemed that this Da Qing Village and Bashi Village were still feuding for ages, both for the sake of grabbing resources!
“This Big Green Village’s people just grabbed things, why did they hurt people? What did he do by capturing Yun’er and the others?”
Chen Ping was puzzled, since it was over resources and there was no other hatred, it was fine to snatch things away, why did he still grab people!
“Brother Chen Ping, you don’t know at all, the people of this Big Green Village are bad, they capture our people just to get something to ransom them, and they will sneakily raid our village and rob our things, the guard tower in our village is to prevent the Big Green Village from sneaking in.”
“Not only do they rob things, but they also kill people, back then my father was killed by their people from Big Green Village ……”
Pillar said, and actually started crying!
Chen Ping took a look and immediately went forward and stroked the pillar’s head, then asked “How can the people of this Da Qing village be so bad? They are simply bandits ……”
“They are bandits, in the past, this Da Qing Village was a bandit village, later because of its good location and extensive hunting grounds, it slowly attracted many people to settle down, so the current Da Qing Village was formed.”
Pillar explained!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood, no wonder these people of Da Qing Village were ruthless, so they were a bunch of vicious bandits!
As Chen Ping and Pillar chatted and walked, they soon arrived at the foot of the mountain range.
There were demonic beasts at the foot of this mountain range from time to time, but they were usually small demonic beasts of a lower rank, not really worth much, so in order to catch large demonic beasts, Ali and the others would go a little deeper into the jungle!