The veins on Zhu Zhishan’s forehead were rippling, he did not expect Chen Ping’s final strike to be so powerful.
When Zhu Zhishan slowly looked not far away, he found Chen Ping lying on the ground, also motionless.
Slowly walking over, Zhu Zhishan found that Chen Ping also had no breath left in his body, and his entire torso was also scarred!
“D*mn, this kid is ruthless enough to want to die together in the end!”
Zhu Zhishan cursed as he looked at Chen Ping’s corpse.
However, since Chen Ping was already dead, Zhu Zhishan was relieved in his heart, and he was able to follow the explanation from above.
Just as Zhu Zhishan turned to leave, he suddenly stopped, as he seemed to have thought of something.
He then slowly walked in front of Chen Ping again, slowly lifted his foot and ruthlessly stepped on Chen Ping’s chest.
A large hole instantly appeared in Chen Ping’s chest, and his internal organs were clearly visible!
Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan was then convinced that Chen Ping was really dead.
He was afraid that Chen Ping was coming back to life. Some time ago, Ning Hai killed Chen Ping and took pictures of him, only for Chen Ping to come back to life.
Zhu Zhishan was also afraid that after he left, Chen Ping was coming back to life, so that’s why he came over and stepped on him.
Seeing that the man was in such a state, even if the Great Golden Immortal came, it would be impossible to save him, so Zhu Zhishan left in peace!
On the martial arts forum, news of Chen Ping being killed was once again spread!
Last time it was put out by Ning Hai, while this time it was the Martial Dao Alliance.
“This Chen Ping, he’s died twice, and I don’t know if he’s really dead this time ……”
“This time it was the Martial Dao Alliance that put out the news, Lord Zhu personally moved, it can’t be bad ……”
“This Chen Ping is too wild, he has to provoke the Martial Dao Alliance, isn’t this a way to seek death?”
“Mr. Shi doesn’t back Chen Ping up anymore, he’ll be killed right away, that’s the reality ……”
…………
The Martial Dao Forum was full of people talking, but this time most of them chose to believe in the Martial Dao Alliance.
After all, with Zhu Zhi Shan personally taking the lead, the chances of Chen Ping surviving were very, very low.
Once again, when they received the news of Chen Ping’s death, both the Vicious Valley and the Pill God Valley were all plunged into great grief.
Even Ji Ru Xue and Xiao Min of the Red Lotus Palace seemed to have lost their minds for an instant. They could not believe that Chen Ping had been separated from them like this.
Chen Ping was lying in the woods of a deserted mountain, and it was already the third day, and there was still a strong smell of blood.
A few eagles were circling overhead and their eyes fell on the corpses on the ground.
After realising that there was no danger, a few eagles dived down head first.
They then nibbled on the corpses of those few members of the Martial Alliance.
One eagle slowly walked towards Chen Ping, and looking at the bloody hole in Chen Ping’s chest and the exposed internal organs, the eagle opened its beak and was about to peck down.
But at that moment, a white light suddenly flashed inside Chen Ping’s body, and this sudden white light scared the eagle and made it flee instantly.
Inside Chen Ping’s body, a white light shone from his palm-sized baby, and a bloody hole was clearly visible in the baby’s chest.
The white light wrapped around the genital baby and eventually wrapped Chen Ping’s entire body.
The wounds on Chen Ping’s body, on the other hand, were healing at a speed visible to the naked eye, even as the damaged internal organs were regrowing.
After an unknown period of time, Chen Ping’s hand suddenly moved, followed by slowly opening his eyes.
Looking at the somewhat dim sky, Chen Ping exhaled a heavy breath.
Crawling up with difficulty, Chen Ping looked at his intact body and finally revealed a smile!
He had never experienced physical rebirth before. At that time, when Chen Ping chose to die with Zhu Zhi Shan, he was afraid in his heart that he would really die.