At that time, both of them were looking at themselves with murderous intent. Although Chen Ping didn’t know the reason, he was sure that these two people couldn’t be friends!
But now, looking at the girl’s expression and look again, it didn’t seem like there was any malice anymore!
“Where am I here? What’s your name? How many days have I been in a coma?”
Chen Ping asked as he turned to Liu Rui.
“My name is Liu Rui, this is the Pure Yang Sect, and it was my master who saved you here.”
“You’ve been unconscious for three days and three nights, I almost thought you wouldn’t survive!”
Liu Rui said with a faint smile.
“Is your Pure Yang Sect following that whatever Heavenly Thunder Sect, which is also a hidden sect?”
Chen Ping asked.
“There’s something I don’t know if I should say, I’d better call my master to come!”
Liu Rui finished speaking and turned around to go out!
But just as she turned around, Liu Xing walked in, and when she saw that Chen Ping had woken up, Liu Xing, on the other hand, said with a hint of anger in his eyes, “What a great life, you were really saved by Master, Master went out of his way to give this evil cultivator his life-saving Yuan Enrichment Pill, I really don’t know what Master was thinking.”
“Senior brother, Master has said that he is not an evil cultivator, Master is definitely not wrong.”
“And how can an evil cultivator, how can he attract such a huge amount of faith power, there must be a misunderstanding here.”
“I’m going to call for Master to come over now!”
Liu Rui said and went to call out Yue Buqun!
Liu Xing, on the other hand, was still looking at Chen Ping with cold eyes.
Knowing that the other party had misunderstood, Chen Ping hurriedly explained, “This brother, I’m really not an evil cultivator, sucking up that Jue Yuan’s strength is just part of my ability in my gongfu.”
“I didn’t go around killing and sucking up other people’s strength in order to cultivate, and I haven’t brutally killed any ordinary people either, I hope you don’t misunderstand.”
Since he had been saved by the other party, Chen Ping felt the need to explain clearly.
“Humph, if you are not an evil cultivator, how could you possibly be able to injure Tong You Gong, that Martial God, with your Martial Saint realm?”
“Even I couldn’t injure that Tong Youkong, how can you, a tiny Martial Saint, do that?”
“It is obvious that you are an evil cultivator, I don’t know what kind of evil cultivation technique you are using only!”
Liu Xing snorted coldly, not believing what Chen Ping said at all!
Chen Ping opened his mouth, and didn’t know how to explain!
And at that moment, an old and stern voice came out.
“Xing’er, this arrogant nature of yours has to change, what you can’t do, won’t you allow others to do it?”
“If you have this jealousy, you might as well go practice more!”
Yue Buqun walked in and reprimanded Liu Xing!
Liu Xing lowered his head and didn’t say a word!
“Chen Ping, this is my master, Patriarch Yue Buqun of the Pure Yang Sect ……”
Liu Rui followed Chen Ping and introduced him!
“Patriarch Yue, thank you for saving my life!”
Chen Ping thanked Yue Buqun with an arch of his hand!
“Little brother is too polite, saving the dead and helping the injured is what our martial arts community is supposed to do.”
“It’s just that nowadays, many people have forgotten their original intention in pursuit of merit and strength.”
“I am happy to see you recover now!”
Yue Buqun said with a benevolent smile on his face!
But just as he finished speaking, Yue Buqun’s face suddenly changed, followed by a violent cough, and his breathing became rapid!
Seeing this, Liu Xing and Liu Rui hurriedly went forward to support Yue Buqun!
“Senior sister, quickly get the medicine for Master ……”
Liu Xing said to Liu Rui.
“Oh ……” Liu Rui nodded, then took out a porcelain bottle from Yue Buqun’s coat pocket, then poured out a pill from it!
Once the pill was stuffed into Yue Buqun’s mouth, soon Yue Buqun recovered!
“It’s an old problem, I’ve made my little brother laugh ……”
Yue Buqun said with an embarra*sed smile.
At this moment, Liu Rui, who was holding the porcelain bottle at the side, frowned and said, “Master, you …… only have one Yuan Enrichment Pill left?”