“Zhong Li, go back!”
Chen Ping let Zhong Li return to the Dragon Slashing Sword and then put everything away!
Lin Kefan and the three of them obviously could not get enough of it, so they turned to Chen Ping and asked, “Brother Chen, apart from these divine weapons, what other fun treasures do you have, bring them all out and let us open our eyes?”
“I do have two more mounts, but right now they are still small and not very obedient, I’m afraid of accidentally hurting you guys!”
Chen Ping said!
“Mounts?”Lin Kefan’s eyes were wide open, and he looked like he hadn’t seen the world before and said, “Quickly, quickly release them, let me take a look ……”
“I’ve only heard that most Immortals in the Heavenly Realm have mounts, I’ve never heard that a Mahayana Realm cultivator, has a mount.”
The Flower Staff Weng was also very curious!
“What’s so rare about that, as the saying goes, money makes the devil work, if Fellow Daoist Chen needs it, I can even give it to him as a mount!”
Mo Killing Shadow opened his mouth and said!
This guy, he was really brainwashed by Chen Ping, and now he was even willing to give Chen Ping as a mount!
“I don’t want you to be my mount, my mount is stronger than you!”Chen Ping looked at Mo Killing Shadow and said with a slight smile!
Mo Killing Shadow froze, looking a little embarrassed!
How could he say that he was also a Mahayana Realm 9th grade cultivator, but he was still inferior to a mount of someone else?
“Hahaha, Shadow ah Shadow, you are not even qualified to be a mount for someone else!”
The Flower Staff Weng laughed madly!
“Brother Chen, quickly release it and see, what kind of mount is it that can’t even match the strength of Mo Killer Shadow!”
Lin Kefan was a bit impatient!
“Alright, since you guys want to see it, then I’ll satisfy you for a bit, but you guys have to hide farther away.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly opened his storage ring and released the Little Fire Qilin!
Seeing the little fire qilin that appeared, Lin Kefan’s three people were dumbfounded!
Then one looked on with a face full of pampering!
After all, this little fire qilin was just too cute and looked as if it wasn’t mean at all!
The three people slowly approached the little Fire Qilin and actually reached out and stroked on that little Fire Qilin!
The little Fire Qilin did not dodge, and did not look scared!
“Brother Chen, didn’t you say you have another mount, let it out too!”Lin Kefan urged!
“Oh, the other one is sleeping and doesn’t like to come out!”
Chen Ping hurriedly said!
That little Heaven Swallowing Beast did not listen to Chen Ping at all, so Chen Ping could not control it at all!
But just as Chen Ping’s words fell, that little Heaven Swallowing Beast unexpectedly ran out of Chen Ping’s storage ring!
Seeing that another one had come out, Lin Kefan and the three of them all hurriedly looked over!
Only when they saw the little Heaven Swallowing Beast, the expressions of the three of them clearly carried a few points of disgust!
After all, that little Heaven Swallowing Beast was not as good looking as the little Fire Qilin!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, what is the name of this mount of yours? Why is it so ugly?”
Ink Slayer Shadow asked with a straight face!
“This ……” Chen Ping was a little unsure of how to answer!
On the other hand, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was not happy!
“Damn, what does this idiot know, dare to say that my Heaven Swallowing Beast is ugly ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was puffing with anger, if he wasn’t in a soul body right now, he would have come out to give that Mo Killing Shadow a beating!
“It’s nothing to be ugly, but these two mounts, they look tiny and not very strong, right?”
“How is it possible that even Shadow’s strength is no match for these two small mounts?”
Flower Staff Weng asked in disbelief!
“That’s right, how could I not be able to defeat these two little guys.”
Ink Slayer Shadow didn’t believe that his strength was even inferior to these two mounts that weren’t considered adult beasts!
“If you guys don’t believe me, you can follow that Heaven Swallowing Beast and compare ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
This little Fire Qilin was too small and might not be a match for that Mo Killing Shadow, but that little Heaven Swallowing Beast was the mount of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch that could absorb everything with a single mouth!