Old Black was so furious that his hair was on fire!
It was only at this time that Chen Ping and the others understood why that old black desperately rushed towards the fifth floor once he heard that the forbidden formation was broken!
It looked like these two had been fighting for who knows how long!
It was obvious that this old black was not good with words and was often humiliated by the other party!
“Kid, you break the forbidden formation for me right away, or I’ll kill you ……”
Old Black was infuriated and then came towards Chen Ping!
A body of anger, this was to be vented on Chen Ping’s body!
“Old Black, you dare ……” Cen Biqing blocked in front of Chen Ping!
“Get out of my way, don’t stop me, or I will even kill you …… together!”
Old Black said very hotly!
“I said, I will never let you hurt Chen ……” Cen Biqing didn’t move at all!
Being of the same Dragon Clan, and Chen Ping was still of the Golden Dragon Clan, how could Cen Biqing let Old Black lay his hands on Chen Ping!
“Then don’t blame me ……”
The black armour on Old Black’s body erupted an aura that directly attacked towards Cen Biqing!
Cen Biqing was instantly sent flying, she was simply no match for this Old Black!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping was a little dumbfounded, this Old Black was also too bullish!
“Senior, can you beat this old black?”
Chen Ping asked helplessly to the Red Cloud Demon Lord!
Right now, he could only turn to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch for help, and when the time came, he would control his own body and subdue this old black, otherwise they were really afraid that they would die here!
“I can beat it, there’s just one thing, dealing with this big old black, the power that explodes, I’m afraid that this fleshly body of yours won’t be able to withstand it at all!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was speechless, although this fleshly body of his was very strong, but it was not enough for the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to explode its full strength!
This was a bit of a problem, it seemed that he could only agree to this old black man for the time being!
“Kid, whether you want to die or break this forbidden formation, your choice.”
The old black walked towards Chen Ping and asked!
“I want to die ……”
Chen Ping faced the bullish Old Black and said without admitting any weakness!
Old Black froze, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to answer like this, he thought that Chen Ping was just a small cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, when he saw his strength, he would definitely tremble in fear and beg for forgiveness on his knees!
But now Chen Ping even wanted to die?
It was easy for him to kill Chen Ping, but if he killed Chen Ping, who would give him the chance to break that forbidden formation?
“Kid, what did you say? I’ll give you another chance, do you want to die, or do you want to help me break the forbidden formation?”
Old black asked again!
“Want to die ……”
Chen Ping replied in the same way!
Chen Ping’s answer similarly made Ji Yun and the rest of them all break a sweat!
Especially that Lin Ke Ting, she didn’t expect this Chen Ping fellow to have quite a backbone!
Cen Biqing also looked at Chen Ping dumbfounded, unable to believe that Chen Ping was not afraid of that old black in the slightest!
“Kid, are you …… you really not afraid to die?”
The old black’s body erupted with a burst of terrifying aura that enveloped towards Chen Ping!
At the moment when the old black’s erupting aura enveloped Chen Ping, the Dragon Crystal in front of Chen Ping’s chest unexpectedly began to flicker, and a streak of golden light emanated out from within the Dragon Crystal!
That golden dragon’s aura spread out, following Old Black’s erupting aura to resist together!
“Golden dragon lineage? Could you be the son of a golden dragon?”
Old Black’s eyes instantly widened and he retracted his aura in a panic!
“Could it be that you are also of the Dragon Clan?”Chen Ping frowned slightly as he also detected the aura of the Dragon Clan from that Old Black’s aura just now!
Although this aura followed Cen Biqing’s and was different, it was also a Dragon Race aura!
“I am the Black Whirlwind of the Black Dragon lineage, I have offended a lot, please forgive the Golden Dragon Saint Son!”
Old Black was no longer as arrogant as he was just now, and with a panicked face, he knelt down in front of Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Cen Biqing hurriedly asked in surprise, “Old Black, you turned out to be a Dragon Race as well, of the Black Dragon lineage, and I am of the Green Dragon lineage!