When the Red Cloud Demon Lord saw this, he then directly controlled Chen Ping’s body!
“Hahahaha …………”
The moment he took control of Chen Ping’s body, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch laughed madly!
He had already lost track of how many years it had been since he had appeared in this world in his true physical body state!
As he laughed, the heavens and earth instantly became dim!
All of the clothes on Chen Ping’s body instantly dissipated, and his skin began to become dark, with a crimson colour pattern appearing on top of Chen Ping’s skin!
Endless black demonic Qi with terrifying power surged through Chen Ping’s body!
And in the centre of Chen Ping’s eyebrows, eyes that had been flickering with an eerie light abruptly appeared!
This sudden change caused Elder Tu, who had originally brought his men to chase after him, to stop in an instant!
“What is this …… situation, how is there such a terrifying demonic aura on this fellow?”
Elder Tu looked at Chen Ping, his eyes filled with surprise!
Especially when he saw the eye on Chen Ping’s brow, the entire person had a shuddering feeling!
“Elder, almost enough, you’re shattering all my clothes, how am I going to meet people later?”
“Just feel like you can beat these guys, don’t explode your breath too much, I’m afraid that this flesh body can’t withstand it.”
Chen Ping hurriedly reminded the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in his sea of consciousness!
This fellow should not forget everything in a moment of joy and completely let himself go, Chen Ping’s fleshly body would not be able to withstand it!
Fortunately, Chen Ping’s physical body had been tempered many times and was still able to withstand it now!
Otherwise, the outbreak of that demonic qi just now would have directly caused the fleshly body to explode!
“You brat, what a spoilsport, it’s not easy for you to want to cast a spell, but you’re blocking it!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said unhappily!
“Senior, stop it, this physical body of mine is ruined, remoulding my physical body can be too difficult, if I can’t remould my physical body, where else would I find such a handsome body.”
“At that time, all those women around me will run away ……”
Chen Ping hurriedly said in a prayer-like tone!
“Hahaha, don’t worry, I have my measure!”
After the Red Cloud Demon Monarch finished speaking, he then rushed towards those Ghost Face Sect disciples with his Dragon Slashing Sword in hand!
“Little brats, take your lives ……”
Chen Ping hissed as he charged forward!
Elder Tu looked confused, shouldn’t this Chen Ping be fleeing? How did he still dare to launch an attack and charge towards his side?
When Chen Ping charged fearlessly, Elder Tu frowned and said, “Damn, this brat is even possessed by a demonic soul, but such a terrifying demonic aura is not those few demonic souls that I released.”
“No wonder those few demonic souls of mine couldn’t hurt him in the slightest, so it turns out that there are even more powerful demonic souls in his body!”
Elder Tu’s face changed slightly, he finally knew why Chen Ping had suddenly become filled with a demonic aura, and his entire body seemed like a different person!
“Stop him, stop him for me ……”
Elder Tu yelled!
Without understanding what was going on with Chen Ping right now, Elder Tu could only let the Ghostface Sect disciples under his command to try and find out!
Looking at these Ghost Face Sect disciples rushing over, at this moment, instead of being afraid, Chen Ping was incredibly excited!
His mouth was shouting in an unknown manner!
As for those Ghost Face Sect disciples, one by one, they mobilised their demonic qi and performed various means towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s eyes were surging with a stream of black demonic Qi, and the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand emitted a burst of buzzing!
Chen Ping then raised the Dragon Cutting Sword, and an overpowering sword qi erupted out, charging straight into the sky!
Chen Ping was full of battle spirit, and the sword aura was immensely powerful with the addition of the demonic aura!
As this sword chopped down, the heavens and earth changed colour and the ground shook!
A dozen or so Ghost Face Sect disciples instantly flew away in ashes, not even the dregs could be seen!
“Hahahaha, over the top ……” shouted the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, said with a bitter look on his face, “Senior, you should at least get a piece of clothing to wear, this naked body, swaying around, too indecent ……”