When the other cultivators saw this, they all left as well.
If they were able to find the treasure themselves, it would be theirs, and there was no need to auction it off with spirit stones!
In the blink of an eye, the many cultivators dispersed, leaving only Chen Ping, Lin Keting, Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu!
There was also that one-legged Thunder Beast!
The Thunder Beast wouldn’t leave because it was Chen Ping that he would follow!
“Shall we continue walking, or go back?”
Chen Ping asked Lin Keting!
After all, coming to this Divine and Demonic Battlefield was a game, and now that there were no more conditions to make a game, there wasn’t much to be gained from turning around!
“What’s the point of turning, there’s nothing in this Divine Demon Battlefield, it’s a waste of time!”
Lin Keting said, turned around and walked back!
Seeing this, Chen Ping brought Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu to follow behind him as well!
Everyone was a little frustrated, after all, they had come here to find treasure, but now it was a good thing that they were playing for nothing!
“Gentlemen, don’t go ah, who says that there are no treasures in this God and Demon Battlefield, if you continue to walk forward, there will be a God and Demon Battlefield at the boundary, there is a pagoda there, I don’t know what it is suppressing.”
The Thunder Beast hurriedly called out to Chen Ping and the others!
When Chen Ping and Lin Keting heard this, they hurriedly stopped in their tracks!
“Is what you said true?”Chen Ping asked excitedly!
“Of course it’s true, how would I dare to lie to you, if I lied to you, your two divine beasts wouldn’t eat me up.”
The Thunder Beast said with assurance!
Chen Ping looked towards Lin Keting, he wanted to see Lin Keting’s opinion!
“Let’s go, let’s take a look, no one has told me that there is a tower here.”
Lin Keting was very curious!
This time around, she had originally thought that she would be able to make light of the situation, after all, this place had all been walked through by his master, even that prohibition had been laid by her master.
But now she realised that there were still many unknown areas in the Divine Demon Battlefield ah!
Because the crowd had all recovered their strength, they travelled many times faster!
Soon the crowd arrived at the boundary of the Divine Demon Battlefield, and were able to clearly see the boundary in the void, and there was no way to penetrate it if they travelled any further!
“Where is that tower you mentioned?”
Lin Ke Ting looked round, and couldn’t even spot the tower that the Thunder Beast was talking about!
“It’s right in front ah ……”
Thunder Beast said!
“You fart, where is it? How come I can’t see it?”
Lin Keting frowned, she thought the Thunder Beast was deceiving himself!
“I can’t see it either!”
“I can’t see it either!”
Ji Yun and Zhu Qingxiu both shook their heads as well, saying that they didn’t see it!
“I saw it!”Chen Ping, however, spoke up!
At this, everyone looked at Chen Ping in confusion, especially that Thunder Beast, whose face was full of incredulity!
“Fellow Daoist, you …… you here can see that pagoda?”
The Thunder Beast asked with great surprise!
“What do you mean? Could it be that you are lying to us and don’t have that pagoda?”Lin Ke Ting asked when she saw that Thunder Beast’s tone was not right!
“No, no, no, I’m not lying to you guys, it’s just that that pagoda is covered by a barrier, you can’t see it without opening the barrier.”
The Thunder Beast hurriedly explained!
Now there was still a barrier, yet Chen Ping was able to see the pagoda, so he felt strange about it!
“The barrier cannot block these eyes of mine!”Chen Ping smiled faintly and continued to walk forward!
Chen Ping had the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, so how could a small barrier block his eyes!
When Chen Ping opened the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, what the crowd could not see would be in Chen Ping’s eyes.
This was the Red Cloud Demon Lord’s mastery, it was awesome!
After walking forwards for some distance, the thunder beast was seen bouncing forwards, then reciting words under its breath, one hand slowly pressed on top of the ground!
In an instant, the crowd felt a bright light before their eyes, followed by the appearance of a towering pagoda!
The pagoda towered over the clouds, and it was impossible to tell how many layers there were, except that four stone lions were placed at the four corners of this pagoda.
The four stone lions had grim expressions, and their bodies were even painted with all sorts of runes!