Soon a tall, burly, fierce man appeared in front of the second priest.
This Omar’s body was all covered with long hair, like a wild man!
Andrew’s face changed slightly after looking at this Omar.
It was obvious that he knew this Omar.
As a brave man among the bears, Omar had never thought he would obey the call of the second priestess!
“Lord Priest, what is your command?”
Omar said as he knelt down on one knee.
“Someone has broken in to the top of the mountain, you lead the men to block the entrance, don’t let anyone break through the last of the great mountain protection formations ……”
The second priest said to Omar.
“As you command ……”
Omar finished speaking and led his men away, while the second priest looked at Andrew and said, “Andrew, you also go with them, whether you can release your wife and children depends on whether you will be loyal to me ……”
Andrew had no choice but to go out with Omar.
By now the High Priestess, had led Chen Ping and the others to the entrance of the ruins, only to see a deep cave that went all the way down!
If the snow hadn’t collapsed, it would have been harder than heaven to find this entrance!
“Now that we’ve found the entrance, we can go in ……”
Fan Jiang who headed for the entrance first!
But just as he got close to the entrance, a sudden flash of light appeared and Fan Jiang’s body was instantly bounced back by a huge recoil!
The next thing he saw was something like a gla*s cover that kept flashing with light, and a rune could be seen flashing!
“D*mn, why is there still a formation?”
Fan Jiang got up and cursed angrily, he didn’t expect that there was still a spell formation blocking the entrance even when he had reached it!
And this time, the formation was obviously much stronger, even Fan Jiang was directly shaken back!
“It looks like they are really careful and cautious, to have set up a spell formation at the entrance as well ……”
Chen Ping said as his eyes narrowed slightly.
Just as Chen Ping was about to break through the formation, a dozen people suddenly walked out from that entrance, the leader of which was huge in size and covered in hair!
This man was Omar, of the Martial Marquis realm!
Seeing that people had come out from within the ruins, Chen Ping felt a lot more secure.
As long as these people were still in the ruins, none of them would be able to escape!
But when that Andrew walked out from the entrance of the ruins and saw Chen Ping and the others, Andrew lowered his head with an embarra*sed expression.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was stunned, his eyes full of disbelief!
“Andrew, why are you here? Where’s Anna?”
Chen Ping snapped forward a few steps and asked at that Andrew.
Although the two were close at hand, though Chen Ping was not able to pa*s through that spell formation!
Andrew kept his head down and did not speak, for he did not know how to explain after Chen Ping!
But this expression on Andrew’s face also instantly made Chen Ping guess what was going on and said with a face full of anger, “Andrew, you betrayed Anna, didn’t you? Has Anna been captured, is she in this relic?”
“No, I didn’t, I didn’t ……” Andrew shook his head in pain, “They took my wife and son, I had no choice, I had no choice before I did this.”
Andrew roared loudly and explained across Chen Ping!
But how could Chen Ping listen to Andrew’s explanation!
At this moment, Chen Ping regretted it, regretted letting Anna rest and leaving Andrew behind.
“If anything happens to Anna, all of you will die ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes faintly stared, a terrifying killing aura from his body instantly penetrated the spell formation and directly enveloped Andrew and the others.
Feeling the terrifying killing aura on Chen Ping’s body, both Andrew and Omar were all startled in their hearts and took two steps backwards!
“You dare to trespa*s on the mountain gate, leave this place quickly and you can be spared, otherwise there will only be death ……”
Omar roared, followed by a burst of terrifying pressure from the mountain protection formation!