Ten minutes later, Tang Shili and Tang Hui returned with sweaty heads.
“That’s not right, how come there’s none?”
Tang Shili frowned slightly.
“Dad, could it be that Master Bai knows about our investment in this place to build a tourist attraction and has come over on purpose to pay a private visit?”
Tang would analyze.
“It’s possible ……”
Tang Shili’s body shook slightly, and cold sweat emerged from his forehead.
His company was just a subordinate company of the Bai family in Kyoto, and the reason Tang Shili had chosen to engage in a tourist attraction was simply because he hoped to make more money from it.
Now Elder Bai was personally coming down for a private visit, it would be troublesome if this were to find out what happened.
“Tang will, you immediately send people to continue looking, in addition to go and transfer surveillance to see where exactly Master Bai has gone ……”
Tang Shili was no longer in the mood to care about the people inside the private room, he now had to hurry up and find Bai Xiushan.
“Big brother, what are you guys looking for? Do you want us to help look for it together ……”
Tang Hongying asked at this time to Tang Shili.
When Tang Hongying said so, Tang Shili then remembered and said to Tang Hongying, “Hongying, you guys came early, did you see where the person who drove that Rolls Royce went?”
“Rolls-Royce?” Tang Hongying didn’t understand what kind of car either.
Tang Shili hurriedly pulled Tang Hongying to the window and pointed at the Rolls Royce below, “See, just that black car!”
“Oh, you mean that one ah, that’s the one we drove here ……”
Tang Hongying took a look and hurriedly said.
They had come in that car, of course Tang Hongying knew about it, but Tang Hongying didn’t know the value of that car.
“What? You guys drove here?”
Tang Shili froze, his face full of shock.
“How is that possible, that is Master Bai’s car, that car is nearly ten million dollars, even if you all were sold, you wouldn’t be able to afford it, you dare to blow any kind of bull ……”
Tang Hui coldly snorted and said with a face full of disdain, not treating Tang Hongying as his elder in the slightest.
Seeing this attitude of Tang Hui, Chen Ping’s brow frowned slightly and there was anger in his eyes.
“Ten million?” Tang Hongying sucked in a cold breath, “Chen Ping, didn’t you say that this car was a friend’s that you borrowed? Is this car that expensive?”
“Mom, I borrowed this car, I don’t know how much it costs ……”
Chen Ping explained.
“You fart ……” Just as Chen Ping finished his words, Tang Hui immediately exploded with an expletive: “This is Master Bai’s car in Kyoto, how could it be lent to you to drive? How could you possibly follow Master Bai as a friend, it’s just nonsense, I think you stole this car, right?”
“Xiao Hui, you can’t talk nonsense, without real evidence, how can you say Chen Ping stole the car, it’s against the law ……”
Tang Hongying heard Tang Hui say this, directly scared face pale, this is tens of millions of dollars of cars, if Chen Ping really stole it, then it will be trouble.
“What real evidence do you need, if that car is really driven by you, then he must have stolen it, to even dare to steal from the Bai family in Kyoto, the nerve is too big, this time I’m afraid I’ll have to make you sit through the bottom of the jail ……”
Tang would stare at Chen Ping with a bit of excitement in his eyes, being able to help the Bai family find the car, the Bai family would definitely be grateful.
“Hongying, how many times have I said that the children must be educated well, but now it’s good that such a big mistake was made, and now I can’t help you!”
Tang Shili followed Tang Hongying finished, turned his head to look at that Cui mayor and said, “Cui mayor, now there is a car thief here, you make a phone call to have someone deal with it ……”
“Yes!” That Cui mayor hurriedly took out his phone to call someone.
“Big brother, Chen Ping he borrowed it, he said it was a loan ……”
Tang Hongying, seeing that he was going to arrest Chen Ping, anxiously followed Tang Shili and explained.
“Hongying, are you stupid or am I stupid, does your family Chen Ping have that ability to borrow a luxury car of tens of millions of dollars from Kyoto? Don’t joke about it ……”
Tang Shili said coldly.