Xiao Lei hadn’t finished speaking when he heard that it was Chen Ping calling him, he had an idea in his mind, he needed to play the goose in front of Chen Ping now so that Chen Ping would be careless, and after he had the strength and capital, he would double the humiliation back.
After asking for the address, Xiao Lei hurriedly headed towards the Tian Yuan Restaurant.
“He’ll be here soon!”
Geng Shanshan returned to her seat and whispered to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, his expression indifferent, while Yuan Hua looked at Chen Ping like that, the corners of his mouth raised: “What the f*ck are you pretending to be a big tail? When Mr. Xiao comes later, I guess you’ll be crying, let’s see if you’re still tugging!”
“I don’t know if I will cry, but you will definitely cry!”
Chen Ping looked at Yuan Hua and said with a cold smile.
“What do you mean? I will cry? I’ll make you cry now …………”
Yuan Hua said, picking up the bottle again!
“Yuan Hua, are you crazy, put the bottle down for me?”
Seeing this, Geng Shanshan was so scared that she hurriedly yelled at Yuan Hua.
“Shanshan, what are you afraid of this guy for? Even if he learned a few moves in jail, then there’s no need to be afraid of him, this is Master Tiger’s territory, he wouldn’t dare to make a move!” Yuan Hua finished and put his face directly in front of Chen Ping, with a provocative face, “Chen Ping, aren’t you a bully? You were able to break Fu Wei’s leg, now I’m here, do you dare to touch it?”
Snap!
Just as Yuan Hua finished his words, Chen Ping threw a slap across his face!
Yuan Hua was directly slapped out, two teeth fell out, and half of his face instantly swelled up.
“In all my life, this is the first time I’ve come across someone who came up to me and let me hit them, is this slap comfortable? Do you want another one?”
Chen Ping looked at Yuan Hua with a playful face.
Yuan Hua felt like his eyes were starry and his whole body was dizzy!
“Yuan Hua, are you alright?”
Liu Jiajia panicked and held Yuan Hua with a nervous look on her face!
“Brother Chen, how could you do it, this is bad!”
Chen Erga had a panicked face, somewhat at a loss for words!
“Chen Ping, are you crazy? How can you do it to Yuan Hua!”
“That’s right, how can you do it when you’re still a cla*smate, you’re so mean!”
“Just wait, you definitely won’t be able to walk out of here, you’ll suffer later!”
Numerous students were pointing fingers at Chen Ping!
Boom …………
Chen Ping slapped the table so hard that a piece of the hard marble table top was directly slapped off!
At this, everyone froze and shut their mouths!
“That Yuan Hua just came straight up and let me hit him, are you all blind?”
Chen Ping said with a sweep of his gaze at the crowd.
No one said anything, and their expressions became very odd one by one!
“Yes, it was Yuan Hua himself who came up to me, so who are you all to say that about Chen Ping!”
Geng Shanshan stood up and spoke for Chen Ping!
These students looked at Geng Shanshan and were all confused, they really couldn’t figure out which one Geng Shanshan was singing.
Yuan Hua, who had sobered up, frowned slightly, glanced at Geng Shanshan, and then looked at Chen Ping with an angry face and said, “Chen Ping, you f*cking dare to hit me, I’ll make you walk out of this room today, just you wait!”
Yuan Hua said, about to slam the door and go to his cousin!
“Brother Chen, apologize quickly, or we both should go first!”
Chen Erga pulled at Chen Ping’s sleeve with an anxious face.
“Erga, sit properly, I’ll give you a chance today!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile towards Chen Erga.
Just as Yuan Hua slammed the door to go out, the door of the compartment was suddenly pushed open and Xiao Lei arrived with a sweaty head!
When Yuan Hua saw that it was Xiao Lei, he hurriedly squeezed out a smile and greeted him, “Mr. Xiao, you’ve finally arrived, please have a seat!”
With a flattering face, Yuan Hua invited Xiao Lei to sit down, while the other students also got up and greeted him with smiling faces!
But Xiao Lei didn’t pay any attention to them, he didn’t even glance at that Geng Shanshan, he swept straight through and when he saw Chen Pingzhi, his body shook slightly and he immediately walked over with quick steps!