Yun Li looked at the broken hilt in his hand, his face flushed green for a while, and in the end, he could only sigh helplessly and said with a bitter smile, “This Dragon Beheading Sword of yours is really overbearing, this blade of mine is also considered to be a top-grade spiritual weapon, but I didn’t think that it would be so unbeatable under your sword.”
“Can you let me take a look at your Dragon Beheading Sword?”
“Yes!”Chen Ping casually tossed his hand and threw the Dragon Beheading Sword to Yun Li!
Yun Li received the Dragon Beheading Sword and looked at it with a grave expression!
He only slightly injected a trace of spiritual energy into the Dragon Beheading Sword, wanting to thoroughly understand this Dragon Beheading Sword!
However, just as he injected his spiritual energy, the Dragon Beheading Sword shook violently, followed by a sharp sword aura that came towards Yun Li’s palm!
Yun Li was shocked and hurriedly let go of his hand, while the Dragon Beheading Sword returned to Chen Ping’s hand!
“This Dragon Cutting Sword of yours has a sword spirit?”Yun Li asked in shock!
“Of course, doesn’t your precious sword also possess a sword spirit.”Chen Ping said!
But Yun Li shook his head and said, “It’s not the same, although this precious sword of mine also possesses a spirit, it’s not like your Dragon Chopping Sword, which can attack on its own, compared to your Dragon Chopping Sword, this is a broken sword of mine.”
“After fighting with me for so many rounds and only beating me by half a move, you’re deliberately giving me a break, with your strength, I’m afraid that I will lose within three moves.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and put away his Dragon Cutting Sword, his tone was bland, “I am flattered, swords have no eyes, victory or defeat is a common thing, I have benefited greatly from today’s battle.”
A complex look flashed in Yun Li’s eyes, “There is no need to comfort me, willing to gamble and accept defeat, my skills are not as good as others, I did not lose unfairly this time.”
Chen Ping smiled without saying anything, but in his heart, he was secretly pleased.
He did hide his strength, after all, in this Immortal Cultivation World, the more cards one had, the greater the chances of survival.
However, he did not want to embarrass Yun Li too much, after all, the two of them did not have any deep hatred, they were just sparring.
“Since the winners and losers have been divided, why don’t we find a place to have a drink, how about it?”Chen Ping proposed.
This Yun Li, indeed, made Chen Ping feel that following other Divine Race cultivators was not quite the same!
Therefore, Chen Ping wanted to follow this Yun Li to have more contact, and then side-step the Divine Hall, he knew that in the future, he would definitely follow the Divine Eagles to fight less, so he had to be able to know himself and his enemy!
Yun Li froze, then laughed out loud, ”Good! You’re a person who is quick! Losing is losing, and I’m not someone who can’t afford to lose, so let’s go have a drink!”
The two of them smiled at each other, and the previous sabre-rattling dissipated.
Although the Celestial Realm was cruel, there was no lack of bold people, although Yun Li lost, he lost with conviction, and in turn, he gained a few more points of admiration for Chen Ping.
Chen Ping followed Yun Li back to the Xiao Dynasty’s imperial city, and at this time Xiao Yuan Shan followed the people of the Ten Temples, who were confronting each other with swords drawn, the atmosphere was very depressing, although no one took the initiative to attack, but they were all on full alert!
But when they saw that Chen Ping had followed Yun Li back, and the two were talking and laughing, they all froze!
“Yun Li……”
Shi Lan rushed forward and checked Yun Li’s body!
“Don’t worry, I’m fine, no need to be so nervous.”
Yun Li said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked towards Xiao Yuan Shan, “Emperor Xiao, relax, it’s fine ……”
Feeling the full alertness of all the people in Emperor Xiao’s dynasty, Chen Ping hurriedly persuaded them all to relax!
“Mr Chen, this is ……”
Xiao Yuanshan did not understand what had happened!
“The two of us just had a chat, there’s no need to be nervous, can Emperor Xiao find us a quiet place, I would like to follow Brother Yun for a couple of drinks.”
Chen Ping said!
Upon hearing that Chen Ping wanted to drink after Yun Li, everyone was a little confused, while that Xiao Yuanshan nodded his head and said, “That’s fine, I’ll order someone to arrange it right away!”
Yun Li then looked at Shi Lan and said, “We can’t go back to the Ten Temples, but we always need to find a place to settle down for the time being, I see that this Xiao Dynasty is not bad, so let’s stay in this Xiao Dynasty for the time being!”