The collision instantly erupted with a terrifying aura that shook the earth and mountains, and those men in black who were following Omar were instantly knocked out by this terrifying aura!
Their strength was too low to withstand such a clash between masters!
Even Andrew was gritting his teeth at this moment, desperately resisting the terrifying breath so that he wouldn’t be hurt!
This blow made Omar’s heart horrified, knowing that they Bearmen were known for their great strength, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to dare to fight him hard, and Chen Ping’s strength looked even stronger than his!
Omar felt as if he had fallen into a torrent, his body was simply out of control and he kept falling backwards!
It was only when he hit the mountain wall that Omar’s form was restrained!
Omar looked at Chen Ping in terror, his heart starting to panic!
Chen Ping just coldly glanced at Omar, did not say anything, turned to Andrew and said, “Lead the way in front ……”
Andrew nodded, facing Chen Ping, he didn’t dare to make the slightest move!
And Omar looked at Chen Ping’s back with mixed feelings inside!
Chen Ping was so young, yet he had such terrifying strength, and as a bear-man warrior himself, he was knocked back with a single punch!
But what Omar did not know was that Chen Ping had not used his full strength in that punch.
If Chen Ping had used his full strength to deliver the Holy Light Fist, Omar would have been a corpse by now, how could he still be alive?
The two men were not even on the same level of opponent.
There was no comparison at all!
It was only because Chen Ping saw that Omar was not a member of the Burning Heaven Divine Church, and looking at his hair, he looked like a bear, so he did not kill him!
Hu Ma Zi and the others hurriedly followed, and the group headed for the ruins!
Omar sighed and finally had to take the men in black back with him!
Now they could only wait to see what the Second Priestess would do with them.
Omar knew that he was simply incapable of taking care of Chen Ping and the rest of them.
Soon, Andrew led Chen Ping and the others into the ruins.
The ruins were huge, almost the entire snowy mountain was empty.
And it was pitch black inside, with only a winding path that kept going down, and on both sides was a ten-thousand-foot abyss, so if they fell down, they would definitely be pulverised.
However, this kind of path is difficult for ordinary people to follow, but for Chen Ping and the others, it is much easier.
Now Chen Ping was at the top of the mountain, so they followed the path continuously down, turning at times, and at other times in a section up!
It was as if the path was suspended inside the entire mountain.
But just after Chen Ping and the others had walked for a while, Chen Ping suddenly stopped, followed by a frown!
“Chen Ping, what’s wrong?”
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi hurriedly asked.
“Mr. Chen, this is the way I came in, I definitely didn’t take a wrong turn, I won’t lie to you.”
Andrew was afraid that Chen Ping would misunderstand, so he hurriedly explained.
After all, with this kind of winding path, and with a dark, bottomless abyss on both sides, it was only natural to say that Chen Ping was suspicious.
“I know you’re not lying to us ……”
Chen Ping affirmed to Andrew and then looked at Hu Ma Zi and said, “Master Hu, do you feel anything in the abyss on either side of this?”
“There’s something?” Hu Ma Zi frowned slightly, then a divine sense came out of his body and instantly probed towards the abyss.
Unfortunately, before that could even reach the bottom, it was directly cut off by a tyrannical aura.
“Holy sh*t, is there something terrifying inside this abyss? That aura is too terrifying ……”
Hu Ma Zi couldn’t help but be shocked after his divine sense was cut off.
At this moment, Chen Ping had already slightly closed his eyes, quietly sensing something, and fiercely Chen Ping’s body flickered with light, while the Dragon Cutting Sword came out of his body without summoning!