Chen Ping smiled helplessly and directly chased after him!
The two people retained a bit of mystery about each other, which wasn’t a bad thing, after all, they had only just met each other, it was impossible to just leak out their details!
Moreover, this Lin Keting looked like she had an uncomplicated identity, and would not easily show her identity to others.
Chen Ping and Lin Keting rode the White Feathered Crow, their speed was obviously much faster, leaving the crowd far behind!
“Quickly look, what is that?”
Lin Keting suddenly pointed her finger ahead and said.
Chen Ping hurriedly followed the direction of Lin Keting’s finger and found that not far away, a huge black vortex descended from the sky, and above the black vortex, there were dark clouds, and a streak of thunder and lightning continued to fall downwards, and then disappeared into the black vortex!
“There must be some sort of creature in that black vortex, and that thunderbolt looks like a calamity thunderbolt.”
Although Chen Ping could not use his divine sense to sense it, but from afar, that thunder and lightning did not look like ordinary thunder and lightning, it was more like a calamity lightning!
After all, calamity lightning did not discriminate between regions, even in the Private Domain Secret Realm, if someone or a demonic beast transited a calamity, it would still trigger the same calamity!
So in this Divine Demon Battlefield, it was only normal for a thunder tribulation to appear!
“Thunder tribulation? Could it be that someone is having a tribulation?”
Lin Keting was filled with shock!
“It shouldn’t be a human tribesman’s tribulation, seeing as that tribulation thunderbolt blasted down and disappeared into thin air, it’s a bit strange!”
Chen Ping frowned slightly, his expression becoming very grave!
“Could it be some sort of demonic beast?”Lin Keting followed suit and frowned, “Master didn’t tell me that there is a …… here.”
Suddenly, Lin Keting realised that she had spoken out of turn and hurriedly shut her mouth.
Chen Ping then looked at Lin Keting, “What did you just say? What master?”
“No, I said that it would be great if my master was here, and I wouldn’t be afraid of encountering powerful demonic beasts.”
Lin Keting hurriedly changed her words!
Chen Ping shot a glance at Lin Keting, he knew that this little girl must have something to hide, but he didn’t want to pursue the matter!
The moment was to know what exactly was in that black vortex.
Chen Ping intended to ride the White Feathered Crow closer to check out what exactly was in that black vortex, but that White Feathered Crow trembled and did not dare to go forward at all, and in the end, it directly landed on the ground!
“Let’s just go around here, right now the strength in our body is suppressed, if it’s really a demonic beast, there’s no way to deal with it.”
Lin Keting saw that Chen Ping even wanted to come closer, so she whispered.
“Are you afraid?”
Chen Ping asked as he glanced at Lin Keting.
“I’m not afraid ……” Lin Keting saw Chen Ping looking down on herself and immediately pretended to be unafraid.
“Since you’re not afraid, let’s get closer and take a look, maybe we can still get some treasures in this black vortex.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly walked towards that black vortex.
Lin Keting looked at the runes in her palm and pinched her life preserving jade pendant before she gritted her teeth and followed!
But just as Chen Ping and the others had just approached, a sudden huge force struck, directly sending Chen Ping and Lin Keting flying backwards!
Immediately after that, from within the black vortex, a figure slowly appeared, a terrifying lightning power emanating from all around the figure!
Only at this time did Chen Ping and the others see clearly that what came out was actually a demonic beast!
This demonic beast only had one foot jumping out of that black vortex, and held two thunder hammers in both hands, and between the collision of the two hammers, a ray of lightning erupted out!
“Thunder Beast? This is actually the legendary Thunder Beast?”
Lin Keting immediately shouted out in shock when she saw this strange demonic beast.
“Damn human race, disturbing my cultivation ……”
This Thunder Beast spat out human words as it kept approaching towards Chen Ping and Lin Keting.
And the terrifying thunderbolts on its body had already locked Chen Ping and Lin Keting in place.