Chen Ping’s lips curled into a cold smirk, his sword tip slanting towards the ground, “Strength isn’t dictated by realm.”
Before his words faded, his figure blurred, and in the next moment, he appeared less than three zhang from Huo Zhao.
The Dragon-Slaying Sword sliced through the air with a piercing whistle, aiming straight for Huo Zhao’s throat.
Huo Zhao dodged sideways in a hurry, but Chen Ping’s sword moves followed like a shadow, each strike carrying lethal intent.
Sword light fell like rain, weaving a blood-red net in the air, impervious and tight.
Huo Zhao was forced to retreat repeatedly, his ornate battle robe torn by sword qi, revealing the golden-gleaming protective soft armour beneath.
“This… how is this possible?!”
Young Master Huo’s eyes widened, his jaw nearly hitting the ground.
He had never seen anyone suppress his father in direct combat.
The cultivators of the Cangxuan Continent were too stunned to speak.
A young cultivator rubbed his eyes, muttering, “Am I seeing things? A first-grade Loose Immortal overpowering a fifth-grade Loose Immortal?”
“Hahaha!” Hu Mazi slapped his thigh excitedly, spittle flying, “Chen Ping is bloody brilliant!”
“Brilliant, brilliant…”
Tens of thousands of Cangxuan Continent cultivators joined in the chant.
Hearing the cries of “brilliant,” Chen Ping felt his legs weaken, his whole being floating with pride.
In the centre of the battlefield, Huo Zhao’s face grew increasingly grim.
He realised he couldn’t keep up with Chen Ping’s rhythm at all.
Every sword strike from his opponent perfectly blocked his escape routes, forcing him to meet the blows head-on.
Even more terrifying, Chen Ping’s spiritual energy seemed inexhaustible, showing no signs of depletion.
“Divine Clan Secret Art, Heaven’s Net!”
Huo Zhao, unable to endure any longer, bit his tongue and spat out a mouthful of vital blood.
As the blood turned into a mist and dissipated, countless golden chains appeared in the void.
Each chain was inscribed with ancient runes, exuding an aura that suppressed all creation, coiling towards Chen Ping from all directions.
“Trouble!”
Mo Qingyun’s face paled, instinctively rushing to help, “This is the Divine Clan’s binding technique! Once ensnared, even a sixth-grade Loose Immortal can’t break free!”
The cultivators of the Cangxuan Continent closed their eyes in despair.
A middle-aged female cultivator covered her face, sobbing, “It’s over… Senior Chen will fall here…”
Huo Zhao’s “Heaven’s Net” secret art fully erupted, countless golden chains wrapping around Chen Ping like venomous snakes, binding him layer upon layer!
The ancient runes on the chains flickered, each one imbued with the power to suppress all things.
Chen Ping’s spiritual energy was forcibly suppressed, and even the Dragon-Slaying Sword dimmed!
“Hahaha! Chen Ping, you’re finished!”
Huo Zhao laughed maniacally, his eyes filled with malice, “A mere first-grade Loose Immortal dares challenge the Divine Clan’s authority? Today, I’ll make your soul scatter!”
He formed hand seals, and the golden chains tightened abruptly, Chen Ping’s bones creaking under the strain, a trickle of blood seeping from his lips!
“Senior Chen!” the Cangxuan Continent cultivators roared in despair.
“Chen Ping!” Mo Qingyun’s face was ashen, rushing to save him, but Huo Zhao casually waved, a golden barrier sending her reeling back!
Hu Mazi’s eyes bulged with rage, bellowing, “You dare kill him? I’ll fight you to the death!”
Huo Zhao sneered, “With you ants?”
But just when everyone thought Chen Ping was doomed,
“Roar!!!”
A heaven-shaking bellow exploded!
A blazing light shot skyward, like a volcanic eruption, instantly burning the golden chains to pieces!
“What?!”
Huo Zhao’s pupils shrank, staring in disbelief at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was wreathed in flames, and on his shoulder stood a small, crimson-scaled qilin, its body like fire, roaring proudly!
Its eyes blazed like molten lava, exuding the terrifying pressure of a divine beast!