Sure enough, the blood on the two people seemed to have reached a certain concentration after being partially absorbed by the surrounding blood mist!
The blood mist unexpectedly began to act like rain and clattered as it began to drop blood water, and Chen Ping’s body was instantly dyed red by this blood water!
Moreover, this blood water fell on the ground and then began to flow along those lines in the ground!
“What are they doing?”
Luo Shouhai was very puzzled!
Sheng Bushi, on the other hand, was frowning with a grave expression, “These two brothers are too ruthless, in order to defeat Mr Chen, they even sacrificed their own men.”
“They are sacrificing this grand formation with their blood, only then can they send out the power of this Sacrificial Blood Formation!”
“Are they crazy, at this rate, both of them will die too.” Ji Yun asked in a puzzled manner!
“The two of them won’t die, the blood of the two of them is the key to start the sacrificial blood array, I really didn’t expect that the array disc of this sacrificial blood array is in the hands of their brother and sister, they are hiding too Avray.”
Sheng Bushi was surprised and said!
“These two guys, they are actually from the Blood Demon lineage, they are really hiding deep enough.”
“I don’t know exactly how these two fellows hid their aura, at the beginning, none of us even managed to detect it.”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder was also surprised and said!
“This Sacrificial Blood Formation, it seems that it can only be opened by our Blood Demon lineage, even if other people get their hands on it, I’m afraid it won’t be of much use.”
“But these two guys haven’t exposed the identity of their Blood Demon lineage all this time, it’s really something!”
Luo Shouhai also looked grave.
Luo Shouhai’s Blood Spirit Valley was also of the Blood Demon lineage, and he had surprisingly not been able to tell that these two were from the same clan and lineage as himself at first, so it was evident that these two fellows were hiding Avray enough.
Like this kind of God and devil war time left behind the array disc, that can be the immortal world or the devil world good thing, who all want to get their hands on it!
As far as the strength of Hu Da and Hu Er, who were at the sixth rank of the Ferrying Realm, were concerned, they were simply incapable of protecting the array disc of this sacrificial blood array!
However, these two guys are calm, has been the array disc hidden, never show people, and no one knows that the two of them got the array disc!
Moreover, the identity of the two people’s bloodline one was also well hidden.
Today, if they had not been forced by Chen Ping, and the 100 year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance was too tempting, they would not have taken out that array disc!
At this moment, that sacrificial blood array was emitting red light, the light was getting more and more dense, and the smell of blood was stretching out, tens of miles in a radius were enveloped by this smell of blood!
Chen Ping’s body was suspended in mid-air, looking at the blood that was soaked through his body, and then at the bizarre array under his feet, he was also frowning!
When he followed the two men as they exchanged blows, he was able to detect that these two men were different from other demonic cultivators!
“Mr Chen, these two fellows are from the Blood Demon lineage, it looks like they’ve been hiding their identities all along, and today they were forced to reveal it.”
“Since they dared to expose it, they must have the certainty of killing everyone, that way their identities won’t be leaked out.”
Ochre Yan followed Chen Ping and said!
“No wonder I always feel that the aura on these two guys is not quite the same following the other demonic cultivators, so it turns out that they have been deliberately hiding their identities.”
“But why are they hiding their identity of the Blood Demon lineage?”
Chen Ping did not understand, other people would only hide their devil cultivator identity, and no one would hide which lineage they were from!
But these two, Hu Da and Hu Er, were not afraid of people knowing their devil cultivator identities, but they hid that they were from the Blood Demon lineage, which was very strange!
“I’m not sure about this, it might be related to following this sacrificial blood array, it’s obvious that this array disc can only be activated by the blood demon lineage’s essence blood.”