Seeing that Old Qiu did not believe him, Chen Ping did not bother to explain, “After counting the quantity, transfer the money to me, I have to go back to bed!”
Old Qiu had the money transferred to Chen Ping, and just as Chen Ping was about to leave, Old Qiu stopped Chen Ping and said, “This little brother, I wonder if I could come to the Pill King’s residence for a chat? Our House Master wants to see you!”
After hearing this, Chen Ping hesitated for a moment, then nodded and said, “Alright!”
Chen Ping was also looking forward to meeting this Pill King’s House Master, if he could make a good relationship, he might be able to get a lot of resources from the Pill King’s House!
Chen Ping let Wu Xi go back on his own, and then followed Old Qiu to the Pill King Mansion!
In the hall of the Pill King’s residence, Sun Simiao was excited to know that the refiner of the Little Returning Pill had been found, if he could pull such a person into the Pill King’s residence, or if he could know the refining method, it would be a great blessing for the Pill King’s residence!
But when Old Qiu arrived with Chen Ping, Sun Simiao’s brow furrowed slightly. Originally, he thought that if he could make such an elixir as the Xiao Hui Dan, he would be an old man who had mastered the art of alchemy for many years, but he didn’t expect it to be a young man in his early twenties!
“House Master, the man has been brought ……”
Old Qiu said to Sun Simiao.
Sun Simiao nodded and gave Chen Ping a glance and said, “Did you really refine the Little Returning Pill?”
Sun Simiao had doubts in his eyes and was somewhat less convinced by Chen Ping!
After all, there were many people who wanted to list the Pill King’s House nowadays, and there was no shortage of charlatans among them!
“If you don’t believe me, I can go!”
With a flat face, Chen Ping turned around and walked away!
Chen Ping’s reaction instantly caused Sun Simiao to be somewhat baffled, and after a moment of froze, he hurriedly got up to stop Chen Ping: “Little brother, don’t be offended, I’ve just never seen such a young alchemist before, so my words were somewhat reckless! Little brother, please take a seat ……”
Chen Ping was not really going to leave, and after Sun Simiao apologized, he sat down obediently!
Sun Simiao waved his hand towards Old Qiu, “Go and pour the tea!”
After saying that, he looked at Chen Ping with a smile on his face and said, “I wonder what is the name of little brother?”
“Chen Ping!” Chen Ping said indifferently.
But when the word Chen Ping came out, Sun Simiao froze, and even Old Qiu, who was about to pour the tea, stopped in his tracks and looked at Chen Ping with some incredulity!
“Could it be that little brother is the one who killed Jiang Zhengzhong?” Sun Simiao asked incredulously.
“It was me!” For Sun Simiao to know about this, Chen Ping was not surprised at all.
It had been a while since he had beheaded Jiang Zhengzhong, so it would be really a bit strange if the Pill King’s Mansion hadn’t gotten word of it by now.
“Hahahaha, indeed, heroes come out of youths!” Sun Simiao laughed out loud, “You received all the medicinal herbs that the Pill King’s Mansion traded with little brother Chen some time ago, right? I have specially ordered someone to select the top grade medicinal herbs, in order to make a friend with little brother!”
“Master Sun, you didn’t send someone to bring me here just to make a friend, did you?”
Chen Ping smiled lightly and looked straight at Sun Simiao.
Sun Simiao smiled, “Little brother, since you are asking, then I will tell you the truth, I want the recipe for the Small Returning Pill in your hand, and also if you don’t mind, I want to ask you to join my Pill King’s House, as long as you join my Pill King’s House, not to mention the whole Jiangbei, even if it is the whole Great Xia, no one will dare to find trouble with you! ”
“Of course, if you have any requests, just ask, as long as I can meet them, I will definitely meet your requests!”
Chen Ping laughed, a Pill King’s House Master dared to say such arrogant words, one should know that the entire Grand Xia had a population of over a billion people and was full of talents, what could a single Pill King’s House be considered?
However, Chen Ping did not retort, instead his eyes looked towards the back of the hall, “Master Sun, it is better to follow the person who can make the decision about my request, if I tell you, I am afraid that you cannot make the decision either!”