“I’ve said that when Mr Chen returns, I’ll personally deliver it to the crowd of the Giant Savage Palace, so that’s not good enough, what do you want me to do?”
“Now that Mr Chen isn’t here, can’t I still turn him out?”
Ji Lian Jun said with a face of anger!
“Since that Chen Ping isn’t there, you can also follow Qin Palace Master to discuss it and make up for it with something else as well, why bother to use swords and guns!”
Ji Lianying said!
“Good, I’ll give them whatever they want, money or immortal herb resources?”
Ji Lianjun compromised, sending these people from the Giant Barbarian Palace away first!
As long as they waited until the Ancestral Land was closed, Ji Lian Jun would not hesitate to take action against Ji Lian Ying anymore!
Originally, he was still concerned about brotherly love, but now it seemed that he had overthought it!
“Palace Master Qin, what compensation do you think you need for this?” Ji Lianying asked to Qin Hetian!
“I, Giant Savage Palace, am not a beggar, what money and resources, our Giant Savage Palace doesn’t have ah, I don’t even need it.”
“But I’ve heard that your Ji Family Ancestral Ground has opened, and there are quite a few unaided origins in it, I just hope that I can let my son enter your Ji Family Ancestral Ground to see it as well!”
Qin Hetian said!
“Palace Master Qin, your son doesn’t look like he has yet to perceive the Origin, even if he enters our Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground, he won’t have much to gain, why is this necessary?”
Ji Lianying said as he looked at Qin Jingyun!
Although Qin Jingyun was a third grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, he had not sensed the Origin, even if he had in much unhelpful Origin, it wouldn’t mean much to him!
“Second Master Ji, this is something you don’t know, it’s not like I have more than this one son.”
After Qin Hetian finished speaking, another tall youth walked in from outside!
This youth looked similar to Qin Jingyun for a few moments, but the aura on his body was clearly a few points stronger than Qin Jingyun!
“This is also my son Qin Jingyu, not too long ago, my son just opened the Origin Space, I heard that in the Ji Family’s Ancestral Ground, there are many Origin Phantom Beasts, as long as you kill an Origin Phantom Beast, you will be able to have the chance to perceive the Origin, and I want my son to try.”
Qin Hetian said!
“I really didn’t expect that Palace Master Qin has a son who has also opened the Origin Space, he’s really young and promising!”
Ji Lianying looked at that Qin Jingyu and said with a face full of surprise!
Ji Cheng looked at Ji Lianying’s face, then his teeth itched with anger, it was obvious that Ji Lianying was following Qin He Tian and the two of them were acting!
Obviously Ji Lianying just went to the Giant Savage Palace some time ago, how could he not know that Qin He Tian had two sons!
Moreover, the conditions proposed by Qin He Tian today were most likely what Ji Lianying had said!
After all, how could the Giant Barbarian Palace, which was in the Northern Domain, know so clearly about the Ji Family’s ancestral land?
Now that this Ji Lianying was still acting in front of everyone, Ji Cheng was on fire just watching!
Ji Lian Jun had a cold face, looking at this younger brother of his, his eyes also started to have killing intent in them!
He did not expect that Ji Lianying would even dare to sell out the Ji Family’s ancestral land!
The conditions proposed by Qin Hetian must have also been Ji Lianying’s intention, and Ji Lianying used this as a bargaining chip to get the Giant Savage Palace to co-operate with him!
“Big brother, do you think this condition proposed by Palace Master Qin is okay?”
Ji Lianying looked towards Ji Lian Jun and asked!
“What do you say?” Ji Lian Jun grimaced “Don’t you know the rules of the Ji Family’s ancestral land? Outsiders are not allowed to enter the ancestral land, this Giant Savage Palace’s people following our Ji Family have no relationship, how can they enter my Ji Family’s ancestral land ……”
“Big brother, I know there is this rule, but I also know that as long as the family head takes out the family head’s order, outsiders are also allowed to enter the ancestral land.”
“When the ancestor made the rules, didn’t he just say that as long as they are of significant help to my Ji Family, even if they are outsiders, they can still enter!”
Ji Lianying said!
When Ji Lian Jun heard this, he immediately slammed the table in anger and said “What help does this Giant Barbarian Palace have for our Ji Family? Is my Family Head’s Order something that can be given to just anyone?”
“Big brother, isn’t this a special situation now, you should open up some, otherwise none of us will be able to enter that ancestral land.”
Ji Lianying hurriedly said!