Where the golden light shone, all the ice seals all melted!
Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow had both woken up as well!
Unfortunately, all of those Ning Clan children had all been slapped to pieces by the lion and tiger beasts, so even if the ice seals melted, none of them would be able to come back to life!
“Master ……”
“Chen Ping ……”
Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow rushed to Chen Ping’s side!
Looking at the Spirit Beast Egg that was bubbling with golden light in front of them, Fire Phoenix and Bai Shallow were both surprised as well!
Only to see that spirit beast egg continuously floating towards that lion and tiger beast, and just now the ferocious and incomparable lion and tiger beast, at this moment even like a pug, scared and continuously backward!
At the end of the day, it was lying on the ground, letting out a low roar, seemingly begging for mercy!
The Spirit Beast Egg drifted to the head of the Lion and Tiger Beast, and smashed it down fiercely!
It directly smashed that Lion and Tiger Beast that continuously wailed, but it did not dare to dodge!
Chen Ping and the others were dumbfounded when they saw this scene!
No one would have thought that the incomparably ferocious Lion and Tiger Beast would be afraid of a Spirit Beast Egg?
Chen Ping wanted to bring back the Spirit Beast Egg, not to let it provoke the Lion and Tiger Beast, if the Lion and Tiger Beast was really pissed off, the ones who would suffer would be the ones who would suffer, the Spirit Beast Egg was not afraid of anything!
But before Chen Ping stepped forward, the Spirit Beast Egg heavily smashed the Lion Tiger Beast again!
The Lion and Tiger Beast suddenly got up, let out a hiss, and a white ice mist filled its body!
Seeing this, Chen Ping and the others were so frightened that they hurriedly backed away!
However, the Spirit Beast Egg was floating in mid-air, hovering motionlessly!
It seemed like it was not afraid of this Lion Tiger Beast at all!
After the lion and tiger beast hissed for a while, suddenly the whole body was twitching, and then violently opened its mouth and spat out a beast dan, which had a white light flowing within it!
After spitting out the beast dan, the Lion Tiger Beast slumped to the ground again, with an aggrieved look on its face!
The spirit beast egg, on the other hand, jumped twice, seemingly calling Chen Ping over!
Chen Ping looked at the throbbing Spirit Beast Egg and carefully walked over!
Finding that the Lion and Tiger Beast lying motionless on the ground, Chen Ping then dared to reach out and pick up that Beast Dan!
Picking up the Beast Dan, Chen Ping hurriedly retreated while the Spirit Beast Egg followed Chen Ping behind!
After retreating some distance, Chen Ping looked at the beast dan in his hand with an excited expression!
This was the Lion Tiger Beast’s Beast Dan!
Chen Ping took the Beast Pill in his hand, and a spiritual force was pushed into it, and instantly a white inflammation filled the air, and the temperature of the surroundings instantly became extremely low!
However, Chen Ping was holding the Beast Pill in his hand, yet he felt a wave of heat, which made Chen Ping very strange!
Chen Ping began to absorb the white inflammation that permeated out from within the beast dan, but soon Chen Ping’s body began to be covered in frost, and was on the verge of becoming an icy person!
This startled Chen Ping and he hurriedly stopped absorbing it!
“This is really strange, how do I feel that there is a wave of heat within this Beast Dan, while what is emanating is an icy cold aura?”
Chen Ping was puzzled as to what in the world this Lion and Tiger Beast’s Beast Dan was!
“Master, look ……”
The Fire Phoenix suddenly shrieked!
Chen Ping hurriedly looked carefully and found that the faint white mist around him was actually all dancing flames, except that the colour of the flames was white.
“This …… is Ice Flame, I didn’t think that there would be Ice Flame in this Lion and Tiger Beast Beast Dan?”
“No wonder in a place like this, the Lion Tiger Beast can still spew out ice mist and freeze everything, this isn’t frost at all, it’s ice flame!”
Bai Shao exclaimed!
“Ice Flame?” Chen Ping was stunned!
Chen Ping had never heard of what an Ice Flame was at all, and was flabbergasted with doubt!
“This Ice Flame is also a type of flame, flames do not necessarily emit only heat, they can likewise emit an extremely cold aura.”
“You should know that when people are particularly cold, they will in turn seem particularly hot, and take off their clothes.”
“This ice flame is the extreme cold to fire, no wonder the Lion and Tiger Beasts are able to even freeze the flames, it turns out that this is basically an ice flame, which is also a kind of flame, that’s why it’s not afraid of the blazing fire.”
“Even in very hot, even in the midst of magma, this Ice Flame is able to freeze everything, if it is just an ice mist, there is no way to freeze objects in an extremely hot environment!”
Bai Shao explained after Chen Ping!