Hearing the old man ask, Suo Xingyue’s few people were at a loss for words!
How can they announce it now?
If the results were announced as invalid, then Meng He would definitely take advantage of the situation and then say that Jialing County was not fair and rigorous, and that even the results given by the referee did not count!
But if the results were announced as valid and that Meng He got the first place, it would be too unfair to Chen Ping, after all, Chen Ping’s God Condensing Pill was many times stronger than that of Meng He!
Everyone was caught in a dilemma, while Meng He was still flashing the crowd and constantly shouting!
At this time, Ruyan Liu walked up and then said, “Elder Suo, I have an idea, I wonder if it’s going to work?”
“Please speak ……”
Suo Xingyue hurriedly said!
That old man also came over to listen, to see what good solution Ruyan Liu had!
“Since the results of this one have already been announced by the referee, then we’ll rule that Meng He is victorious!”
“But we can add one more match in, this one is not the final adjudication match, just add one more match in.”
“The number of matches and the rules of the competition, anyway, it’s all up to the Jialing County Apothecary Association, even if that Meng He has opinions, it’s useless!”
Ruyan Liu spoke out her own method!
“This is a good solution, this will ensure the referee’s credibility and will also not allow this Apothecary Society competition to be unfair!”
The old man nodded!
Suo Xingyue also nodded repeatedly, “This is a good solution, then add in an additional competition.”
“Master, how can you just change the rules, it’s not fair.”
“The rules were set long ago, you guys are now suddenly increasing the number of matches, isn’t this cheating?”
Zhu Zhu was listening from the sidelines and was very unhappy, she was looking forward to Meng He getting the first place, and the two of them getting together!
“Shut the hell up, I’ll definitely find out what happened this time, if it’s true that you’ve joined forces with that Meng He to mess up from this, I’ll never forgive you this time.”
Suo Xing Yue stared viciously at Zhu Zhu and said!
Zhu Zhu wasn’t speaking anymore, while the third elder said, “What content are we going to compare in our increased field?”
Hearing the Third Elder ask this, everyone was silent, after all, it was a competition that had just been added, the content had not been thought of at all!
“It doesn’t matter to me, let that Meng He say whatever he wants, he can compare whatever he wants, I want to let him know that he can never win by relying on despicable means.”
Chen Ping said with a face full of confidence!
“Good, then let that Meng He come and say what to compare!”
The old man nodded, then turned around and returned to the referee’s seat!
Immediately afterward, he said loudly, “After our several referees unanimously discussed, since the referee gave the result, then this result is valid, for this match, the winning party is Meng He ……”
Upon hearing this, Meng He immediately jumped up in excitement and roared with vigor, “Hahaha, I’m number one, I’m number one, I can meet the Jialing County Sheriff.”
“I’m so looking forward ah, what will this special reward be ……”
But just as Meng He was jumping around in excitement, the old man spoke again, “However, this year, because of the special reward, this third match is not the end of the line, you still need to go through the fourth match before you can do so.”
As soon as the old man’s words left his mouth, Meng He instantly froze, followed by an angry roar, “How can there be a fourth match? There’s never been one before ah, are you guys deliberately tricking me here?”
The old man coldly glanced at Meng He and said, “The rules of the Apothecary Society Competition are all set by us here in Jialing County, if any of the contestants don’t recognize it, they can turn around and leave, and we’ll never force them to do so.”
“If you want to participate in the competition, then you have to abide by our rules, I hope you all can understand that.”
“Then won’t I win in vain this time?”Meng He asked with great dissatisfaction!