“Seven stars swallowing the sun, this is one of the ten ancient tomb patterns.”
Pocky Hu said with great exclamation.
Hearing what Pocky Hu said, Chen Ping was baffled because he did not know what the seven stars swallowing the sun and the ten ancient tombs that Pocky Hu was talking about were.
Chen Ping had to admire Hu Pazi when it came to exploring tombs and finding caves.
Seeing Chen Ping’s doubts, Hu Pazi then followed Chen Ping and spoke, probably with the intention of teaching Chen Ping.
Ten ancient tombs, ten patterns of ancient tombs, each different from the other.
These ten ancient tombs are actually nothing special, they only belong to a feng shui pattern that can bless future generations and prosper with qi, which is a relatively high level means.
Of these ten ancient tombs, less than three are “evil tombs”.
In other words, in order to prevent people from spying on the tomb in future generations, the tomb is extremely fierce, and those who enter it will die within nine days.
Among them, the most famous is the “999 False Graves”.
As the name implies.
After the fall of a real man, he repaired the real and fake tombs in advance, a whole thousand of them, of which more than 999 were fake tombs, and each of them was so vicious that those who entered them died.
Even the descendants of these real people do not know where they are really buried.
The most famous of these mounds is the 999 fake mounds that Cao Cao built, following the example of the tomb of the real man.
Once such a mound has been created, no one else should think that they can break into such a tomb.
It is almost impossible!
The only requirement is that the tomb must be of a high enough status to be buried by a real person, but how many real people have fallen and how many tombs of real people exist on this earth?
But here, there was one, and Chen Ping had come across it.
As he listened to Hu Pazi’s words, Chen Ping’s face was filled with disbelief as he tilted his head and looked from this high altitude.
This should be the seven stars swallowing the sun that Hu Ma Zi was talking about!
“I see, if you look above the top of this tomb, it is clearly the Seven Stars Swallowing the Sun Tomb.”
Chen Ping pointed to the top of the tomb and said to Pockmarked Hu.
But who knew that Hu Ma Zi laughed, but shook his head, “If the ten ancient tombs were so easily distinguishable, then they wouldn’t be called the ten ancient tombs.”
Chen Ping was stunned, then said with an embarra*sed look on his face, “Isn’t it distinguishable from here?”
“Of course not, the seven stars swallow the sun, which means that there are a total of seven tombs here!”
“And this, is only one of them!”
“Seven stars swallowing the sun, this is an “earth vein” pattern, corresponding to the seven stars, that is, to find seven places where feng shui is extremely prosperous, and repair the seven tombs, finally forming the “seven stars swallowing the sun” pattern. ”
“And this swallowing of the sun, the “sun”, is the real burial place of the owner of the tomb in this pattern!”
When Chen Ping heard this, his mouth opened in surprise, he didn’t expect that there were so many details in this, not as simple as he had said.
As the saying goes, there are specialties in the field, and it was true. Chen Ping was not even as good as a primary school student in front of this Hu Ma Zi.
“So this one real-life tomb of ours, will it be the one where the real tomb master is buried?”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
Pocky Hu shook his head, “I don’t know either, but even if it’s not the tomb where the tomb master is buried, there will still be treasures present.”
Hearing Hu Puzi say this, Chen Ping was relieved, he could not make a trip for nothing.
Hu Pazzi led Chen Ping to walk deeper into the tomb again, and after walking for a while, Hu Pazzi looked carefully again.