Ji Yun threw two punches in anger, but they were of no use at all!
The two figures had already disappeared, and Ji Yun’s two punches had merely hit the air!
“Damn, we’ve actually been tricked, these demon cultivators are really abominable ……”
Wajang gritted his teeth and cursed angrily!
“Don’t mess yourself up yet, let’s see if we really can’t get out ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and led the crowd out of the palace!
And at that moment, in the direction of the cave entrance when they came, a faint aura barrier blocked the crowd’s way!
After a few people had bombed indiscriminately, that aura barrier was still intact!
It seems that the person who set up this aura barrier was much stronger than them!
Seeing this scene, several people were a bit desperate!
Ji Yun sat down on his butt, somewhat disoriented!
“This is the end, it looks like we’re all going to die here, it would be too suffocating to die like this ……”
Ji Yun didn’t want to die, after all, their Flying Sky Clan still needed him to inherit it!
The Flying Sky Clan is the richest clan, Ji Yun doesn’t have to worry about eating, drinking and playing, if he dies, then the family business of the Flying Sky Clan, there will be no one to succeed him!
Wajang was also disheveled at this moment, originally he wanted to find the treasure and revitalize the Ancient Body Refining Clan, but now, he was directly trapped here, and he would probably die slowly here too!
“Don’t be like this, all of you, cheer up a little, maybe we’ll find a way to escape ……”
Liu Ruyan said comfortingly to everyone!
“How can we escape? It’s obvious that the other party has planned this long ago, we don’t stand a chance ……”
Ji Yun was now chagrined, had he known he wouldn’t have come looking for any treasure!
It wasn’t like they were short of money in the Flying Heaven Clan, wasn’t it good to live their life as a young master?
Now they were trapped here!
“Calm down all, let’s think of a way to get the others down first, by then there will be more people, maybe there will be other ways ……”
Chen Ping turned around and reentered within the palace!
At this moment, at the top of the palace, Gao Qijie and Old Sun and the others, were guarding the ice crystals, with their eyes slightly closed, looking like they were enjoying themselves, but in fact their divine sense was still being slowly consumed!
And within those five ice coffins, a trace of blood began to wriggle again, if Chen Ping and the others didn’t save these people!
There would still be ice beast essence blood flowing into that pattern!
Chen Ping took out his Dragon Slashing Sword, then looked at the ice crystal that Gao Qijie had absorbed, and slashed it!
But the ice crystal was not damaged in the slightest!
Gao Qijie still looked like he was enjoying himself, with one hand pressed tightly against the ice crystal, absorbing its energy!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, his sword was powerful enough to shake the heavens and earth, but it could not break a small ice crystal.
This ice crystal was too hard ……
Undeterred, Chen Ping swung his sword again!
But after a few consecutive sword cuts, the ice crystal still did not change in the slightest!
Chen Ping’s forehead was already covered with cold sweat!
“Mr. Chen, take a rest first, let me try ……”
The tile jar stopped Chen Ping and said, “Maybe our ancient body refining fist technique can break the ice crystal ……”
After Wajang finished speaking, his body leapt up, and he swung out with a vigorous fist!
The wind of the fist was as substantial as the wind of the fist, and it ruthlessly hit the ice crystal!
The power of Wajang was pure, not a trace of spiritual power, just the power of muscle driven bones!
But even this punch failed to cause damage to the ice crystal!
At this moment, all of them were in an awkward situation, they couldn’t even break the ice crystal, how could these people be saved?
For a while, everyone was in silence!
At this moment, Ochre Yan spoke up and said to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, since this ice crystal can absorb one’s divine sense, one can use a strong divine sense to block the absorption, and these people will naturally wake up.”