Just after Xiao Ru and Wu Mei Er left the hotel, an old man with a black hat and a white beard, after taking a look at the two men, also got up and walked out of the hotel quickly!
This old man was none other than the Demon Envoy who had been ordered to search for people with special physiques in the secular world.
Wu Mei’er pulled Xiao Ru and walked through the streets to avoid the crowds, as if she was afraid of letting people find out.
“You girl, you are too impulsive, if Uncle Long finds out, he will definitely scold you, those two guys are just ordinary people, yet you hit so hard!”
Wu Mei’er reprimanded at Xiao Ru!
“Sister Mei’er, I’m wrong, I was already angry just now, who let those two unsighted guys send me to the door.”
Xiao Ru had a look of aggression on her face!
Looking at Xiao Ru’s appearance, Wu Mei’er couldn’t bear to say anything, and said with a soft sigh, “Now that Chen Ping is imprisoned in the secret realm, his life and death are uncertain, let’s not add to his burden!”
“I was never interested in cultivation before, and I don’t like fighting and killing, but now I desperately want to become an expert like you guys!”
Among these girls, Wu Mei’er was the only one who was now powerless and an ordinary person!
“Sister Mei’er, you reprimand Brother Chen every time you see him and even scold him, I always thought you didn’t like him!”
“I didn’t expect you to hide so Avray, you were willing to give your life for Big Brother Chen too!”
Xiao Ru said with a smile.
Wu Mei’er let out a bitter laugh, “There are so many girls who like Chen Ping now, whether it’s my looks or strength, I’m not outstanding enough, and my sister likes him unabashedly, what else can I …… do …… ”
“Brother Chen is so lucky to have you two sisters like him ……”
Xiao Ru said with a smile!
“Well, let’s not talk about that, let’s go back first!”
Wu Mei’er pulled Xiao Ru and was about to go back!
But just as she turned around, she found that somehow, behind them, an old man with a black hat was watching them with a pair of fish-hawk-like eyes, looking deadly at them!
“I really didn’t expect that Chen Ping’s peach blossom luck would be so prosperous ……”
The devil amba*sador said with a heated smile.
“What are you?”
Xiao Ru blocked Wu Mei’er behind her and asked the devil amba*sador.
She could feel the aura on this devil amba*sador, so that said devil amba*sador was definitely not an ordinary person.
“I am Chen Ping’s enemy ……”
The devil amba*sador said indifferently.
When Wu Mei’er and Xiao Ru heard this, the two of them looked at each other and Xiao Ru said, “Sister Mei’er, you go first, I’ll clean up this old guy!”
Since he was Chen Ping’s enemy, Xiao Ru could just use it to vent her emotions!
“Hahahaha, how dare you speak at such a young age, you’ve only just stepped into the strength of a Martial Marquis now, and you still want to clean me up?”
“Even if you are a special physique, what can you do to me?”
The devil amba*sador laughed!
Xiao Ru didn’t say anything, but her body shook slightly, and a cold energy in her body coalesced on top of Xiao Ru’s hands!
I saw that Xiao Ru’s hands were rapidly condensing with ice and frost!
“Cold Ice Palm ……”
Xiao Ru shouted out loud and slapped her palm towards the Demon Amba*sador!
With this palm strike, a cold wind instantly blew up, and the surrounding temperature directly dropped several degrees.
The devil amba*sador looked at Xiao Ru’s palm, his face always with a few cold smiles, and his eyes full of disdain!
Just as Xiao Ru was getting close, the devil amba*sador suddenly struck out and grabbed Xiao Ru’s neck with one hand!
Xiao Ru’s palm also struck the Demon Envoy!
But the Demon Amba*sador didn’t even move, not even a trace of frost had formed on his body!
Seeing this scene, Xiao Ru’s face paled, knowing that the difference between her strength and that of her opponent was too great!
The difference in strength was so great that even if Xiao Ru was an ice crystal, it wouldn’t be of any use at all!
“b*****d, let go of me, let go of me ……”
Xiao Ru struggled, but her body felt like it was being viciously clamped in a vise!
“No need to be struggling, it’s useless!”
The devil amba*sador laughed coldly and carried Xiao Ru with the intention of leaving, not bothering about Wu Mei’er!