These flames roared out crazily, densely packed like a torrential downpour!
“This fellow, has actually played with the Supreme Flame to this extent?”
Mu Qiufeng was shocked, he didn’t expect Chen Ping to control the Supreme Flame to such an extent anymore!
The moment he struck, it was actually a monstrous flame.
Only to see Mu Qiufeng reciting under his breath, his hands instantly drew a formation pattern in front of his body, and then in front of Mu Qiufeng, a formation shield appeared!
As the Sect Leader of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, Mu Qiufeng’s mastery of formations was also pure and comfortable!
The rushing flames were blocked in front of his body by the shield!
The huge impact caused Mu Qiufeng’s body to retreat in a hurry!
“Break ……”
Mu Qiufeng shouted, and the formation shield in front of him instantly exploded, and along with those flames, they all scattered into the sky and disappeared without a trace!
“Kid, a mere sixth rank of the Transition Realm, unexpectedly bursting out with a strength not weaker than that of the Mahayana Realm, truly a genius among geniuses.”
“If it was before, I might have respectfully sent you away, but now, even if you’re even more capable, you won’t be able to leave!”
As Mu Qiufeng finished speaking, a burst of red light flared up in his eyes!
Accompanied by the flashes of red light in Mu Qiufeng’s eyes, the sea surface around the entire island unexpectedly began to flood with shocking waves!
The waves rolled over as countless demonic beasts leapt out of the sea and fled!
Only a flickering light formation pattern could be seen slowly rising from the depths of the sea!
Countless formation patterns filled the sea for dozens of miles, wrapping the entire island into it!
When Chen Ping saw this, he frowned!
Such a huge formation, this was set up for an unknown number of years in advance!
This should be the killer weapon of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, having laid down a spell formation in the depths of the sea a long time ago!
Seeing the formation that suddenly rose up, Chen Wenliang and Gu Tianzhao were blinded!
On the other hand, the corners of the mouths of those Zhentian Dharma Sect disciples lifted up as they instantly broke away from the battle, their bodies leaping into mid-air!
Only to see these people from the Sky-Scalping Dharma Sect sacrificing their essence blood, which was instantly absorbed by the formation!
Soon, a formation with a radius of dozens of miles was formed, and everyone, including the people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, were trapped within the formation!
Only, these people from the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect didn’t seem to be afraid, instead, they were all extremely excited!
“Originally, I wanted to capture those pill masters alive, but by the looks of it, you guys are going to lose death resisting, so all of you can go to hell!”
Mu Qiufeng saw that the grand formation had been formed, and he became complacent!
Along with Mu Qiufeng waving out a formation pattern with his palm, the grand formation began to activate!
In mid-air, on the surface of the sea, and even on the island, suddenly a ray of spiritual light shot out as if it was a dense plume of arrows!
Swish swish swish …………
Ten thousand spiritual lights, heading towards Chen Wenliang and the others, each one carrying a terrifying aura.
This time, Chen Wenliang and the others were completely flustered, with such densely packed auras, how could they dodge ah?
“Quickly lay down a defence shield ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly shouted towards Gu Tianzhao.
Chen Wenliang and the other pharmacists couldn’t carry these spiritual lights at all, so they could only let Gu Tianzhao bring the people from the Two Yi Sect and lay down defensive shields to withstand them!
Gu Tianzhao hurriedly brought the Two Yi Sect’s and laid down shields around the crowd to resist the spirit light!
As a ray of spiritual light struck the shield, Gu Tianzhao and the disciples of the Two Yi Sect all showed extremely painful expressions!
From the looks of it, they simply could not support them for long!
Chen Ping wanted to go over to help, but countless spiritual lights were also attacking towards him!
“Hahaha, don’t waste your efforts, this grand formation was laid down by the successive generations of our Zhentian Dharma Sect’s Patriarchs over the course of a thousand years.”
“Just you people still want to resist, it’s simply a mole cricket regretting an elephant, even if you are at the peak of the Mahayana realm, you may not be able to resist this formation attack.”
Mu Qiufeng said with a big smile!