Ono Hiroshi was covered in mud and in a mess, he was physically injured and it was good enough that he was able to escape, how could he even care about his image!
But when those believers saw the wretched state of Ono Koichi, their eyes glazed over!
They knew that Koichi Ono was the president of the shrine and a figure that everyone looked up to!
But now he had become like a beggar!
“This old man is the god you worship, and now I’m going to show you what your god is like in front of you.”
Chen Ping said loudly to the believers in the square.
Those believers looked on incredulously, how could they not believe that the god they had always worshipped could be this withered old man in front of them!
“Kid, I told you, I am the lord of this place, even if the shrine is destroyed, as long as I am on top of the mountain, you will not be able to kill me.”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi finished, and threw back his head and roared, “With the power of heaven and earth and the blood of all the people, resurrect …………”
Rumble …………
Suddenly, the entire top of the mountain was enveloped in black clouds, followed by a huge suction force that began to continuously suck the blood of those believers who had died tragically!
In a flash, those bloods began to converge continuously and then scattered on top of the statue.
Click …………
Along with a slight cracking sound, the statue was covered with dense cracks!
Soon, the statue’s circumference began to fall off piece by piece, accompanied by the dirt falling off the statue’s circumference.
A corpse covered in black scales and with a green face and fangs, like a monster, appeared!
When they saw this corpse, the crowd was shocked, no one had expected that the statue they were kneeling to worship had a monster’s body wrapped inside it!
“Holy sh*t, this is so f*cking ugly, this can’t be the flesh of that Toyotomi Hideyoshi, can it?”
Hu Ma Zi said with a disgusted look on his face.
“I’ve never seen such an ugly guy even in all my life.”
Old Fan was also astonished!
“I think this guy is most likely a cross between his mother and a monster, or else how could he look like this?”
Hu Ma Zi analyzed.
But this statement made that Toyotomi Hideyoshi so angry that he gave Hu Ma Zi a vicious glare, but did not do anything!
The believers all shrieked and retreated, not expecting to see such an ugly flesh inside the tall and majestic statue of the God of War!
With a shudder, a black mist emerged from Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s body, and this black mist instantly entered the ugly flesh!
And that dry old man’s flesh, after the black mist left his body, instantly fell to the ground, and his dry body began to burn with flames!
“Kid, you were able to force me to activate my fleshly body in advance, today I want you to die ……”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s mouth opened and closed, and his voice, like a flood of bells, spread throughout the mountain top!
“No wonder you want my flesh body, you look like this yourself, you are too ugly, and I don’t know if when your mother gave birth to you, you fell on the ground and were stepped on twice.”
“I’ve never seen someone as ugly as you, if you dare to solicit believers with such a fleshly body, I reckon there won’t be a single one.”
Chen Ping made a burst of dry heaving and said.
“You seek death ……”
Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s eyes glared, his surroundings were instantly enveloped in black mist, and a huge stream of divine sense burst out from his eyes and began to strangle towards Chen Ping!
He wanted to churn Chen Ping’s spiritual energy to pieces and kill Chen Ping’s divine soul within his body!
Toyotomi Hideyoshi knew that he was ugly, but to be mocked by Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi in such a way had made him furious to the extreme!
“Hmph, you monster.”
Chen Ping snorted coldly as a dragon roar rang out, followed by his body being covered in a patch of golden scales!
And in the mid-air behind Chen Ping, a golden dragon loomed and hovered!
The black scales of Toyotomi Hideyoshi’s body were inferior to Chen Ping’s golden scales!
From the visual aspect alone, Chen Ping, in his golden armour, was a powerful figure!
The black scales of Toyotomi Hideyoshi were terrifying.