This bloody scene left everyone in shock.
Kawashima Hiroshi’s miserable screams resounded throughout the Pill God Valley.
Several other warriors watched, their faces very ugly, and although they wanted to go up and save Kawashima Hiroji, no one dared to move.
Stabbing …………
Another tearing sound, one of Kawashima Hiroji’s legs, was again ripped off by Chen Ping.
At this point, Kawashima Hiroji didn’t even have the strength to scream.
Chen Ping’s body was covered in spurts of blood, and his body exuded a thick murderous aura, just like the god of death from hell!
Even Gu Ling’er and Xu Changsheng and the others looked on, their hearts vaguely scared, they all thought Chen Ping was going mad.
In the midst of everyone’s shock, Chen Ping directly ripped off the limbs of that Kawashima Hiroshi, and at that moment, only a torso was left of Kawashima Hiroshi.
Despite this, Kawashima Hiroshi was not dead, but still had a breath of air and was suffering from great pain.
Chen Ping threw Kawashima Hiroshi, who was left with only a torso, in front of Xu Changsheng.
“Elder Xu, go find an altar, throw this fellow inside and soak him in the medicinal liquid, we can’t let him die easily ……”
Chen Ping said to Xu Changsheng.
“Valley Master, this …………”
Xu Changsheng was a bit at a loss for words, he felt that this was too cruel.
When Chen Ping saw that Xu Changsheng was not moving, he frowned slightly, “Look at the two children who died in front of you, do you think I am cruel?”
Xu Changsheng looked at the two dead children and the children’s mother, and although anger burned in his heart as well, he was still a little bit unable to lay his hands on them.
“Do as I say, this is an order ……”
Chen Ping’s face became incomparably grim and his voice instantly raised.
Xu Changsheng shuddered and immediately waved his hand and sent someone to find an altar to soak Kawashima Hiroji in.
Soon after, the altar was found, with the medicinal liquid inside, and Kawashima Hiroji was thrown inside, with only his head exposed outside, so he could not die for a short time!
Such a scene was seen in the eyes of several other samurai, all of whom were frightened out of their wits and their guts.
They were not afraid of death, but this was the first time they had seen such a thing.
Chen Ping looked coldly at Kawashima Hiromichi, his eyes bursting with killing energy.
“Soon, you will also be put inside the altar, do you know what this is called?”
Chen Ping slowly took a step forward, frightening several of the warriors and causing them to rush backwards.
“It is called a human stick, and such a cruel thing was invented by you islanders, today I will also give you a taste of something invented by your old ancestors ……”
Chen Ping said as he walked forward.
“Baka, we island warriors would rather die than be humiliated by you, we will never be humiliated by you ……”
Kawashima Hiromichi roared loudly, “We are from the Watanabe clan, our amba*sador will never let you go if you treat us like this.”
“I’ll f*ck you, let your amba*sador try ……”
Chen Ping took a step, followed by a fierce swing of his fist!
The four remaining warriors struggled to hold on, but they were no match for Chen Ping, even if they slashed at his body, they would not be able to cause any damage.
As Chen Ping reached out, the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared with a blazing fire, followed by a flurry of swords and shadows!
Chen Ping did not kill them, but used the Dragon Cutting Sword to cut off the limbs of these warriors!
After a short ten minutes, the ground was littered with chopped off limbs and the four warriors were wailing continuously.
Chen Ping’s entire body had long since been soaked in blood, while Gu Ling’er and Xu Changsheng, who were on the side, were horrified.
“Chen Ping …………”
Gu Ling’er shouted in a small voice towards Chen Ping.
She was afraid that Chen Ping would go crazy and then he would not recognize his six relatives and kill without blinking ……
Chen Ping looked towards Gu Ling’er and suddenly grinned, revealing a row of white teeth on his red-stained face.