Immediately after that, from the large crack, a ball of flame shot up into the sky and went straight into the middle of the clouds!
The rolling heat wave caused Patriarch Luo and the others to retreat backwards!
The snow on the ground also evaporated in an instant, revealing brown mountain rocks!
Above the flames, a silhouette sat cross-legged!
Along with the flames falling, the silhouette followed along!
“Fellow Daoist Chen ……”
Patriarch Chen saw that above the flames, it was actually Chen Ping!
Above Chen Ping’s palm, a red-coloured flame pulsed as if it was a dancing villain!
But soon, this crimson flame hid inside Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping had finally refined the Earth Core Flame and possessed the second type of Supreme Fire Blaze!
Even though it was only a very small Earth Core Flame, the heat wave that erupted swept across dozens of miles!
All the snow was evaporated, and the cold air became dry and hot in an instant!
But along with that one flame entering Chen Ping’s body, the cold air currents swept through once again, and the dry air collided with the frigid air currents, and goose feather-like snow fell!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, are you …… you alright?”
Patriarch Luo asked with a face full of excitement!
“I’m fine!”
Chen Ping shook his head!
Seeing that Chen Ping was fine, Patriarch Luo’s heart finally breathed a sigh of relief!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, you saved me this time and saved our five great clans, a great favour will not be forgotten.”
Patriarch Luo was genuinely grateful to Chen Ping!
“Patriarch Luo is polite, it was just a lift of the hand, not to mention the fact that the five great sects are renowned sects that punish evil and promote goodness, it is only right that they should help.”
Chen Ping still recognised Patriarch Luo’s character!
After all, when he knew that the Demon Sealing Alliance had hunted him down with a hundred years of offerings, Patriarch Luo did not take action against him because of his interests!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, save me, I know I’m wrong, I won’t dare to make a move against you again.”
The hunchbacked old man followed Chen Ping and begged for mercy!
He knew that the people of the five great sects must hate him, if he really fell into the hands of the five great sects, then he was afraid that he would be tortured to death!
Now he could only beg Chen Ping!
“Is there any benefit for me to let you go?”
Chen Ping looked at the hunchbacked old man and asked!
“There is, there is definitely, I will truthfully follow the Patriarch’s report, and will never make a move against you at that time.”
“Actually, we are not willing to become the lackeys of the Demon Sealing Alliance, only that if we don’t listen, we will be destroyed by the Demon Sealing Alliance, and there is nothing we can do about it.”
“If you let me go back this time, I will definitely persuade the Patriarch to find a way to break away from the Demon Sealing Alliance and stop being a dog to the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
The hunchbacked old man was full of desire to live and said to Chen Ping!
“Alright, I’ll believe you for now, as you are of the Yin Demon lineage, and you are so evil, when the Yin Demon recovers its true form, all of you will have no good fruit to eat.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he asked the disciples of the five great sects to release the hunchbacked old man!
The hunchbacked old man thanked him repeatedly, turned around and ran away!
Although Patriarch Luo followed the people of the five great clans to hate these people from the Ghost Fiend Sect to the bone, but now that Chen Ping wanted to release it, they did not dare to say anything!
After all, the people were also captured by Chen Ping, and it was Chen Ping’s call to release them or not!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, we have to go back as well, after suffering such a great calamity this time, our five great clans will have to recuperate for some time.”
Patriarch Luo followed Chen Ping to say goodbye!
“Good, you guys be safe on the road, in addition that soul fixing bead for Patriarch Chen to take, head to the Soul Demon Sect to look for Patriarch Jiang, when he sees this soul fixing bead, he will reshape Patriarch Chen’s physical body.”
Chen Ping knew that when Patriarch Jiang saw this Soul Defining Bead, he would definitely know that Patriarch Chen had recommended himself to go!
The job of reshaping the physical body was still something that the Soul Demon Sect could do!
Upon hearing Chen Ping’s words, Patriarch Chen on the other hand was filled with gratitude, “Fellow Daoist Chen, great kindness is not to be thanked, I have remembered this favour, farewell!”
Patriarch Luo and the others left, while Chen Ping went to find Bing Lu and the others!