Hearing Lin Tianhu’s explanation like this, Chen Ping’s eyes just lit up.
He could go to the sea for a while, and on the vast ocean, no one would be able to find him, so Chen Ping could just cultivate at ease.
“Hahahaha, yes, why didn’t I think of that!”
Chen Ping laughed and patted Lin Tianhu’s shoulder.
Chen Ping only stayed in Hongcheng for a day, and then rushed to South China City.
The Jin family was the largest family in South China City, plus Jin Fusheng’s strength at the peak of Zong Shi, so it controlled the entire docks of South China City.
However, there were people eyeing such fat meat.
The Du family, who are also from South China City, have long been eyeing this piece of fat meat, but due to Jin Fusheng’s strength, the Du family can only watch as Jin Fusheng makes a lot of money.
However, in order to snatch the pier from Jin Fusheng’s hands, the Du family spent a lot of money to hire three Grand Masters, and when the news spread, it instantly made Jin Fusheng panic.
“Master, what should we do? Now the whole South China City knows that that Du Family has invited three Grand Masters, soon that Du Family will make a move against us.”
The Jin family’s butler, with a panicked face, said.
Jin Fusheng’s face was ugly as he said, “Where did this Du family invite such experts from, not to mention three Grand Masters, even one could sweep the entire South China City.”
“Master, why don’t we invite the Four Masters of South Mountain here?”
The butler asked.
“There’s no use inviting them, how could they be a match for a Grand Master!” Jin Fusheng cursed.
“Then …… what do we do then? Right now many people in the house are on edge, and some have even sneaked away!”
The butler said anxiously.
Jin Fusheng frowned, but soon his brow relaxed and said, “Right, that Du family can invite experts, our Jin family can also ah, I almost forgot, the man and woman who often follow Ancient, seems to be the Grand Master!”
Jin Fusheng was talking about Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng, during this period of time Jin Fusheng had often delivered antiques to Gu Man Tian, and had seen Lin Tianhu and Chi Feng a few times following him.
“But with just two of them, can they beat the three Grand Masters of the Du Family?”
The butler asked doubtfully.
“Let’s not worry about it first, I’ll call and invite the men here, besides, they are all Mr. Chen’s men, if they can’t fight, then we’ll invite Mr. Chen here ……”
With that, Jin Fusheng took out his mobile phone and prepared to make a call.
But just then, a Jin family subordinate hurriedly ran in.
“Master, it’s not good, it’s not good, Du Ziteng of the Du family has brought people to kill up here, our people can’t stop them at all!”
Upon hearing this, Jin Fusheng’s face instantly changed colour, three Grand Masters, of course those of their Jin Family couldn’t stop them.
“Master, I didn’t expect this Du family to kill us so quickly, or else you should hide for a while?”
The butler advised Jin Fusheng.
“No, I’ll go out and take a look!”
Jin Fusheng walked towards the outside, he knew that the Du family did not come to kill, it was not possible then to let out part of the benefits of the pier to their Du family.
When Jin Fusheng walked into the courtyard, he saw the Jin family underlings lying all over the place, while a young man was looking at him with a sneer on his face.
This young man was Du Ziteng, the young master of the Du family, and behind Du Ziteng stood three other middle-aged men, each of whom faintly exuded a mighty pressure.
Even if Jin Fusheng himself was at the peak of Martial Sect, his heart trembled when he felt this intimidating pressure.
“Eldest nephew, what is it that has made you so furious? If the underlings have provoked you, just tell me and I will clean them up for you.”
Jin Fusheng laughed and then said to Du Ziteng.
Even though Jin Fusheng was about to die of anger now, he still didn’t show half of it, so it could be seen that this guy was very deep in his city.