Chen Ping’s hands gently touched the wave of light, and a divine pattern imprint lit up in Chen Ping’s palm!
After only a few moments, that light wave began to slowly fade and the centre position became clear!
When the light wave completely disappeared, Chen Ping was surprised to find that in that very centre, Sword Old Man and a few elders of the Alchemy Sect were trapped inside!
Seeing Chen Ping’s sudden appearance, these few people were very excited!
“Sword Elder ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly rushed towards Sword Elder!
No wonder that for such a long time, there has been no sign of the sword old man appearing, the people who shot out to look for it, also entered the Sword Washing Pool and lost track of it!
It turned out that they were all trapped here, if Chen Ping didn’t come, there was no telling how long they would be trapped!
“Mr Chen, do not approach ……”
Seeing this, Jian Lao hurriedly shouted!
But it was already too late!
Only to see that from underneath Jian Lao’s and their feet, a talismanic seal violently erupted with a light that was blinding!
Chen Ping only felt a lightness in his body and was directly sent flying out by a force!
At the same time as he was sent flying, the other seven talismanic imprints simultaneously erupted with light!
At this moment, a Five Elements Eight Trigrams Formation slowly formed!
The eight rays of light converged and wrapped Chen Ping in it!
When the Sword Elder and the others saw this, each of them had a shocked look on their faces!
Just as the eight rays of light converged on Chen Ping’s body, the entire chamber unexpectedly trembled violently!
The mud and pools of water that seemed to be suspended in mid-air fell down in waves!
The chamber was instantly filled, and what was worse was that the countless Sword Puppets were all startled and seemed to be stimulated, swarming towards the crowd!
Chen Ping’s body was wrapped in that light and could not move at all!
On the other hand, Sword Elder and the others had regained their freedom, but facing the blackened sword puppets, a few of them also had bitter expressions on their faces!
“Follow me in beheading these sword puppets, don’t let them get close to Mr Chen!”
The Sword Elder finished speaking and directly took his sword, leading the way!
The other few Alchemy Sect Elders also burst out with a cry and rushed into the mass of that sword puppets!
In an instant, waves of air tumbled and aura rays flashed up blindingly!
Countless sword puppets under this attack this, transformed into a sword intent and scurried around in the Sword Washing Pool!
The Sword Old Man and the others did not have time to absorb this sword intent and refine it, they could only desperately chop it up!
Chen Ping was wrapped in the light of the Eight Trigrams Formation, and his entire body seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep!
Luckily none of those sword puppets dared to come close to Chen Ping either, they all avoided the light from afar!
“Ten Thousand Sword Chop ……”
A strong battle intent erupted in the eyes of the sword old man, and then ten thousand swords were launched above his body!
Behind him, the void shook for a while, then a white sword awn appeared, all very sharp!
Along with the sword old man’s finger, ten thousand sword awns trembled, and then swarmed towards those sword puppets!
The sword old man was furious, after being trapped here for such a long time, the crowd of the Alchemy Sect still thought that the sword old man was finished!
Countless sword awns followed those sword puppets and collided together!
For a time, the breath surged within the Sword Wash Pool.
Outside the Sword Wash Pool, Master Iron Hammer and the others looked at the raging Sword Wash Pool, and each of their faces turned blue!
None of them knew what was happening within the Sword Washing Pool!
The commotion was so great that even the entire Alchemy Sect seemed to be shaking!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was quietly wrapped in that light, his body seeming to be in a hot spring!
“So comfortable ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were slightly closed, and his entire body was very relaxed!
Just as Chen Ping was relaxing, a thread of black silk visible to the naked eye within that radiance was slowly penetrating into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body remained motionless, with a few smiles on his face!
But just as those black threads were about to enter Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping suddenly opened his eyes!