Only to see that after those sharp blades touched Chen Ping’s body, they instantly turned into nothingness and disappeared without a trace!
“This …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong’s eyes instantly went round, his expression astonished!
The crowd on the stage also gasped, their eyes full of incredulity, they had never seen such a situation before, the power emitted by that Inner Strength Grandmaster was incredibly powerful, how could it be that after touching the body, it instantly disappeared as if nothing had happened?
“Could it be that Chen Ping knew how to use the Golden Bell Shroud and Iron Cloth Shirt?”
Someone guessed!
With that one sentence, everyone’s eyes looked towards the Iron Gate Pavilion crowd not far away, because only the Iron Gate Pavilion people in the provincial city knew the Golden Bell Shroud and Iron Cloth Shirt!
When the Tie Men Pavilion Master saw everyone looking at him, he was filled with embarra*sment and waved his hands repeatedly, “The Golden Bell Shroud and Iron Cloth Shirt can’t defend against the attacks of an Inner Strength Grandmaster, so don’t look at me!”
Two days ago, he was seeking revenge on Chen Ping, but now that he had seen Chen Ping’s strength, he was not even an ant in front of him!
“Do you have any more skills? Go ahead and use it!”
Chen Ping looked at the shocked Jiang Zhengzhong and said with a cold smile.
Jiang Zhengzhong stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, but was in no hurry to strike, while at the same time, the man with the hat in Jiang’s camp under the stage finally raised his head and looked straight at Chen Ping with one pair of eyes!
Chen Ping seemed to sense something and also turned his head to look, just to find the man with the hat looking at himself, and this time Chen Ping finally saw the man’s face clearly, surprisingly it was an old man!
Chen Ping just looked at him and did not care, but said to Jiang Zhengzhong: “I killed your son, I killed your daughter’s family, don’t you want to take revenge? Come on, I’m standing right in front of you ……”
Chen Ping continued to provoke Jiang Zhengzhong, but Jiang Zhengzhong was not in a hurry to strike this time, but looked at Chen Ping with a slight frown every day!
Although Jiang Zhengzhong’s strength has doubled after taking the Burst Pill, his Qi is not endless. If he continues to consume like this, in two more rounds, Jiang Zhengzhong will run out of Qi and become a lamb to be slaughtered!
Seeing that Jiang Zhengzhong was not taking the bait, Chen Ping coldly snorted, “Since you don’t dare to fight, then I will!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, his aura exploded and swept up!
The sturdy ring could no longer withstand it and began to collapse from underneath Chen Ping’s feet!
As the dust cleared, Chen Ping’s body stood on top of the rubble, but his aura never diminished!
The terrifying aura pressed Jiang Zhengzhong so hard that he had to exert all his energy to resist!
Chen Ping’s feet were hovering and his body was wrapped in a faint mist as he looked at Jiang Zhengzhong like an immortal!
Jiang Zhengzhong’s eyes were filled with panic, he could feel his energy draining away rapidly, as if it was being sucked out of him!
When Jiang Zhengzhong realized that something was wrong, he wanted to withdraw his energy, but he found that his body was nearly deflated and all his energy had been sucked away!
“You …… who the hell are you?”
Jiang Zhengzhong’s eyes carried endless panic, he now finally understood why Chen Ping had repeatedly provoked him into striking!
It turned out that Chen Ping was sucking up his jingqi, so that would explain why Chen Ping himself had slammed towards those jingqi illusions of sharp blades!
“I am the one who killed you!”
Chen Ping looked at Jiang Zhengzhong indifferently, as if he was looking at a dead man!
“No …… no, you can’t kill me …………”
Jiang Zhengzhong’s face turned incomparably white and his body involuntarily retreated, but the ruins under his feet made Jiang Zhengzhong fall!