“Oi, you’ve offended Tianyuan Pavilion, and now you’ve gone and upset Shura Hall too. I reckon you won’t be able to stick around in the Second Heaven much longer!”
Mo Qingyun sighed.
“I wasn’t planning on staying in the Second Heaven for long anyway. With my strength, I could handle the Third Heaven just fine.”
“I’m aiming to break through to the Third Heaven. Once I’m in the Celestial Realm, no one will dare mess with me so easily!”
Chen Ping declared.
Below the Third Heaven, Chen Ping had no friends, not even Master Shi looked out for him!
Everything depended on himself alone!
But once he broke through to the Third Heaven, he’d have plenty of friends in the Celestial Realm!
Wind Demon, Blood Demon, Shadow Demon…
Ancestor Shenwen, Array Demon…
Wuji Taoist, Wuwei Taoist, both of them immortals from the Fourth Heaven’s Leiyin Temple!
And then there were Nan Batian, Li Chunfeng, Shen Zhiyan, and Mu Sha, whom he’d subdued in the Dedeng Ladder. They were all immortals from the Third Heaven or above, and they’d pledged to serve him for three hundred years!
Once Chen Ping reached the Third Heaven or higher, he wouldn’t need to be so cautious, constantly targeted!
“Boasting…” Mo Qingyun rolled her eyes at Chen Ping!
She didn’t quite believe Chen Ping had the ability to know people in the Celestial Realm above the Third Heaven!
Chen Ping just smiled, saying nothing more. It was normal for Mo Qingyun to think he was bragging!
…
Shura Hall!
A white-robed woman sat in the great hall, with four black-clad men kneeling before her, trembling.
“You’re saying Sang Kun was killed by that Chen Ping?”
The white-robed woman asked coldly.
“Yes, we saw it with our own eyes, no mistake!” the leader of the black-clad men said.
“Why? Why would Sang Kun go after that Chen Ping? They didn’t even know each other, did they?”
“And I had Third Elder notify everyone, no one was to trouble that Chen Ping!”
A murderous aura began to emanate from the white-robed woman, making the black-clad men tremble even more!
“It… it was Young Master Sang Kun. He got word from Tianyuan Pavilion that Chen Ping had treasures from some ruins, so… so he went after him.”
The leader of the black-clad men spoke cautiously.
“Idiot…” The white-robed woman, furious, slammed her hand down, shattering the table in front of her.
“Eldest Miss, calm yourself!”
“That Young Master Sang Kun was your brother, after all!”
Third Elder stepped forward to soothe her.
“Hmph, I have no such foolish brother!” The white-robed woman’s eyes narrowed slightly. “It’s obvious Tianyuan Pavilion was trying to use us to take him out. I can’t believe that fool fell for it.”
“Who from Tianyuan Pavilion egged Sang Kun on?”
“It was Elder Tong from Tianyuan Pavilion. He’s the one who told Young Master Sang Kun about the treasures on Chen Ping.”
The leader of the black-clad men quickly answered.
“This Tianyuan Pavilion, it seems they want our Shura Hall to test Chen Ping’s depths.”
“Third Elder, find a way to teach that Elder Tong a lesson. Let them know Shura Hall isn’t full of fools, not so easily used!”
The white-robed woman said icily.
“Eldest Miss, now that Young Master Sang Kun is dead, if the Hall Master comes out of seclusion, how will we explain this?”
Third Elder frowned slightly.
“Explain? He got himself killed being stupid, no one else to blame. Besides, my father has more than just that one son, a few deaths don’t matter.”
The white-robed woman said casually.
Though Sang Kun was her brother, they weren’t from the same mother. He was the child of the Shura Hall Master and another woman!
The Shura Hall Master had over a dozen consorts, so he had plenty of children!
Since the white-robed woman was the eldest, the strongest, and the sharpest, the Hall Master entrusted Shura Hall’s affairs to her while he was in seclusion!
“Eldest Miss, what about these men?” Third Elder pointed to the four black-clad men.
“Couldn’t even protect their master, what use are they?”
“Kill them…”
With a wave of the white-robed woman’s hand, the four black-clad men didn’t even have time to scream before they were reduced to ashes!