Seeing those poisonous insects being destroyed by Chen Ping with a single slap, Feng Xing, as well as those people from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, were all shocked!
Especially Feng Xing, he knew that Chen Ping and the others would definitely not spare him if they boarded the island!
He had to know that it was his idea to introduce Chen Ping and the others into the stormy sea!
As if he could see Feng Xing’s nervousness, that Zhentian Dharma Sect deacon said, “Don’t worry, Elder Feng, even if the poisonous insects can’t deal with these people, they won’t be able to board the island, there are defence formations around the island.”
“You guys don’t know, these people aren’t all pill masters, there are also people from the Two Yi Sect amongst them, they are all formation experts as well.”
Feng Xing said with a light sigh!
Feng Xing knew that the Two Yi Sect’s formation techniques were also very powerful, and that Chen Ping was also a very powerful formation master!
He had watched Chen Ping subdue that Wang Qing Shi with his own eyes!
“What? Someone from the Two Yi Sect is also among them?”
At this moment, that deacon from the Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect was a bit flustered!
Originally, he thought that it was just the pill masters who couldn’t break through their defensive formations, but now that the other party even had formation experts from the Two Yi Sect, it wasn’t certain if their defensive formations could withstand it or not!
“Quickly rush towards the island ……”
Chen Ping ordered Gu Tianzhao, catalysing the spirit boat and quickly rushing towards the island.
They had to occupy the island before Mu Qiufeng and the others returned!
Gu Tianzhao led the people from the Two Yi Sect, desperately urging the spirit boat and quickly heading towards the island!
Just as they approached the island, the spirit boat was finally overwhelmed and shook violently!
At this moment, the spirit boat was swaying with the wind and was about to sink at any moment!
“Quickly abandon the boat, everyone should stop being on the spirit boat.”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly shouted!
Everyone flew into mid-air, and just as they had risen into mid-air, a loud boom could be heard!
The spirit boat slowly sank into the sea after the explosion!
Now Chen Ping was suspended in mid-air, there was no way for them to get to the small island, which was surrounded by colourful spiritual light, obviously shrouded by formations!
“Gu Tianzhao, break the formation ……”
Chen Ping shouted!
He knew that the crowd could not stay suspended in mid-air, nor did they have time, they had to occupy the island as soon as possible!
Gu Tianzhao nodded, and then led the disciples of the Two Yi Sect, one Two Yi Sect disciple at regular intervals, to surround the entire island!
Chen Ping himself, on the other hand, flew into the air above the main centre of the island, and along with Chen Ping’s fingertip striking out a golden light, all of the disciples of the Two Yi Sect also all struck out!
Dozens of golden lights struck directly on top of the defensive formation, following the collision of the multicoloured aura, erupting in a dazzling light.
Chen Ping was preparing to forcefully break the formation, if they searched for the eye of the formation and slowly broke the formation, Chen Ping would be able to do it, just that the time was no longer allowed!
Seeing Chen Ping and the others forcibly breaking the formation, that Feng Xing and the many disciples of the Zhentian Dharma Sect panicked!
They were able to feel the power that had erupted from Chen Ping and the others, and this defensive formation simply could not carry it!
The divine bell on the small island shook involuntarily, emitting an ear-piercing bell sound!
The sound of the bell became more and more urgent, and in the end, there was directly no pause!
Those pill masters in the dungeon, listening to the sound of the bell outside, were all filled with doubt!
“The sound of the bell is so urgent, it must be someone who is attacking the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, and I don’t know what kind of person it is.”
“It’s only good to get all of these brutes from the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect killed, just in time to let us out.”
“It can’t be President Chen and the others, right?”
The Apothecary Sect murmured!
“It can’t be Chen Wenliang and the others, they were trapped in the storm, we saw it with our own eyes, they can’t get out of that storm.”
Bao Longxing shook his head and said!
At this moment, he was indeed regretting it, but there were no pills of regret for sale in the world!