The man in black rushed to strike, but the black hole in mid-air had disappeared!
“There’s even a spatial magic weapon? What exactly is this young man’s identity?”
The man in black looked into mid-air, his face showing his gaze!
Han Qing’er had already escaped, and the men in black recoiled, the four of them attacking at Qiu Ju, every move a killing move, as if they didn’t want Qiu Ju to live!
By now Qiu Ju was already bruised and battered, holding on by a breath of true qi!
“Quick, over there …………”
It was, a chaotic sound of footsteps, and loud yelling!
Hearing the commotion, the four men in black looked at each other, followed by a flash of their bodies, and they were gone in an instant!
Qiu Ju dragged her badly injured body and left quickly too, looking like she didn’t want to be seen either!
Just after the four men in black and Qiu Ju left, a dozen men arrived in a hurry!
The leader of these dozen people was none other than Xing Jun of the law enforcement team!
Xing Jun looked around at the wreckage and the blood on the ground, and his face became very grave!
“Captain, the people have already escaped ……”
A member of the law enforcement team said.
“Let’s go back ……”
Xing Jun waved his hand and withdrew!
On the other hand, Chen Ping took Han Qing’er and used the Qiankun Circle’s spatial teleportation to arrive outside the gates of the Long Family!
Chen Ping and Han Qing’er supported each other and walked into the Long Family!
And when the subordinates of the Long Family saw Chen Ping return covered in blood, they immediately reported it to Long Xingxu.
“Brother Chen Ping, what’s wrong with you?”
Long Xingxu asked with a big shock in his heart.
Chen Ping’s current strength was that of a Grand Martial Marquis, how many other people in the entire Kyoto martial arts world could have injured Chen Ping like this?
“Prepare my room, and also send someone to the Pill God Valley immediately to fetch some medicinal herbs over!”
Chen Ping said to Long Xing Xu.
Long Xing Xu nodded and immediately ordered someone to go to the Pill God Valley to fetch medicinal herbs!
And he personally led Chen Ping and the others to the room!
After entering the room, Chen Ping waved his hand and told Long Xing Xu to go out.
Han Qing’er was very pale at this point, clearly injured!
But Chen Ping himself wasn’t much better!
“What is this place?”
Han Qing’er asked as she turned to Chen Ping.
“This is my home, you can just heal your wounds without worry!”
Chen Ping said to Han Qing’er.
Han Qing’er looked at Chen Ping and a look of difficulty surfaced on her face!
If she healed now, if Chen Ping took advantage of her healing time to plot against her, then Han Qing’er would really be screaming at the sky and the earth.
Chen Ping could also see Han Qing’er’s concerns, so he got up and walked outside.
“I have sent someone to fetch herbs, if there are no accidents tomorrow, your injuries will be healed!”
Chen Ping said and walked out of the room.
Seeing Chen Ping walk out of the room, Han Qing’er then slightly closed her eyes and quietly began to heal her injuries!
Only because the spiritual energy in this world was too scarce, Han Qing’er’s speed of healing was very slow!
Chen Ping went to the next room and began to heal her wounds!
…………
Kyoto, Protector’s Pavilion!
It was late at night, but the lights of the Protector’s Pavilion were still on!
Mr. Shi was sitting at the table with a slight frown on his face!
“Mr. Shi, I’ve checked the scene, it’s not the result of an ordinary martial artist brawl!”
“There are rules in Kyoto that don’t allow those martial artists to fight in the city, I believe no one dares to openly violate them!”
“And based on the aura left at the scene, these people are very strong, I suspect it’s ……”
Xing Jun hesitated, not sure if he should say anything!
“Your suspicions are right, these are people from the secret realm!”
Mr. Shi nodded, he seemed to have guessed what was in Xing Jun’s mind without Xing Jun having to say it!
“Then what exactly are the identities of these people? Why do they dare to step out of the secret realm and openly fight in the secular world?”
Xing Jun said with a surprised look on his face.
Mr. Shi shook his head, “I’m not sure, but this kind of thing will probably become more and more common in the future, and a truly great turmoil might not be far away …………”
Xing Jun listened on the sidelines, although he didn’t understand what the turmoil Mr. Shi was talking about, but what he knew was that the scene of blood flowing into the river might appear again.