Kyoto.
The entire Kyoto martial arts community, and even the entire martial arts forum, had exploded into a frenzy.
The news of Chen Ping being killed by Ning Hai had already spread.
Chen Ping was arguably the most talked about person in the martial arts world recently, and this time Chen Ping had been killed.
Some people lamented, while others gloated.
Inside the Kyoto Protector’s Pavilion!
Mr. Shi sat in his chair, not saying a word, but his face was terribly grim.
Zhao Wuji and Xing Jun, the captain of the enforcement team, both stood to one side, neither daring to speak.
The atmosphere within the entire Protector’s Pavilion was very depressing.
In recent times, Mr. Shi would often be at the Dharma Protector Pavilion, which made Zhao Wuji, the Pavilion Master, twice as stressed.
“How is it possible? How is it possible? Chen Ping shouldn’t have died so easily.”
“I wouldn’t be wrong about him.”
Mr Shi muttered.
“Mr. Shi, this news was indeed spread by Ning Hai himself, and that Ning Hai also spread a few photos ……”
“And with Ning Hai’s strength, Mr. Chen is indeed no match for him, that Ning Hai is an old martial martial marquis, even if Mr. Chen is gifted, it would be hard to beat that Ning Hai.”
Zhao Wuji said, opening the Martial Dao Forum and finding a few photos of Chen Ping posted by Ning Hai.
Looking at the photos, Chen Ping’s appearance was already unbearable.
It was obvious that he was too dead to die.
Mr. Shi looked at Chen Ping’s photos and fell into silence, and after a moment, he turned to Xing Jun and said, “Captain Xing, tell us about your recent findings.”
“Mr. Shi, recently there are evil cultivators everywhere, and they are becoming more and more frequent, and some evil cultivator groups are even making a lot of noise and recruiting disciples.”
“I have also destroyed a few evil cultivation organisations this time, but these are just some small sects, those few big evil cultivation sects have not been seen.”
“But in a comprehensive view over the past few years, the activities of some evil cultivators have indeed become quite frequent recently.”
Xing Jun reported truthfully.
“It seems that the water is still not muddy enough, some big fish are always reluctant to reveal themselves to the surface of the water ……”
Mr. Shi sighed softly and fell into silence!
…………
Pill God Valley!
After seeing the news that Chen Ping had been killed, Long Wu’s body trembled.
“How could this happen? This is never possible, never ……”
Long Wu couldn’t believe that Chen Ping had been killed just like that.
Such an outcome was hard for Long Wu to accept, everything he had done was for Chen Ping, for his Missy, but in the end, Chen Ping had died so easily.
Long Wu’s tears could not stop flowing out, he looked up to the sky and shouted, “Why, God, why is this, why is it that bad people are in power and good people cannot live long ……”
Long Wu’s eyes were full of hatred, he hated God, he hated those moralistic guys.
It’s just a pity that he’s nothing more than an ordinary man now, he can’t do anything!
“Miss, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, when will you see the light of day again ……”
Long Wu fell to the ground and cried out in pain.
At this time, Gu Ling’er, Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan came over, and when they saw Long Wu in this state, they were all amazed.
Because the three of them, girls, did not pay much attention to martial arts forums, so they did not know the news that Chen Ping had died.
“Uncle Long, what’s wrong with you?”
Gu Ling’er looked at Long Wu and asked in surprise.
“Yeah, what’s wrong with you, Uncle Long?”
Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan both spoke up and asked too.
Long Wu got up in a panic, wiped his tears, then squeezed out a smile and said, “It’s nothing, it’s just that it’s almost New Year’s Eve and I’m a bit homesick.”
“Homesick?”
Wu Mei’er looked surprised, “Uncle Long, where do you have a home? I’ve been with you for so many years and we’ve always lived together, I’ve never heard you say you have a home? I’ve never seen you go home either?”