Chen Ping’s words caused Jiang Wei to freeze and fall into deep thought!
If the aura revived and those clans and families in the secret realm returned to the secular world, then there would really be nothing left for these families in the martial world!
By then, they would all be reduced to subordinate clans, living as hard as they could!
After all, there are no rules that can bind these clans and families!
At that time, the entire world would be in chaos, and ordinary people would be afraid that they would not even be as good as a mole.
“Mr. Chen, then how do you plan to stop the revival of aura?”
Jiang Wei asked curiously.
Chen Ping frowned slightly, then sighed and said, “I haven’t thought it through yet, I can only take one step and see what happens ……”
Just as Chen Ping was following Jiang Wei as he drank and chatted, a man only in his twenties and dressed in casual clothes walked in, followed by four attendants behind him!
At first glance, he was the son of that clan’s family, except that the other man swept a glance at the tavern, then found a corner and sat down!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, and then carefully looked at the young man!
And Jiang Wei saw that expression on Chen Ping’s face, so he asked, “Mr. Chen, do you know that man?”
Chen Ping shook his head, “I don’t know him, but I feel that the aura on this man is so strange, although he is deliberately suppressing his aura, but I feel that his strength, I’m afraid, is going to be above that of a Grand Martial Marquis, or at least at the peak of a Grand Martial Marquis.”
When Jiang Wei heard this, he also couldn’t help but look at the young man twice more and said with some curiosity, “I don’t see anything special ah, there are quite a few gentry like this on Penglai Island nowadays, and it’s simply impossible for someone of this age to reach the peak of a Grand Martial Marquis or even a Martial Saint, right?”
“Mr. Chen is the most gifted person I’ve ever seen, and he hasn’t reached the peak of Great Martial Marquis yet, so how could anyone surpa*s you.”
“He is not a martial artist ……,” Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Not a martial artist?” Jiang Wei was stunned, “Could it be an immortal cultivator? From the secret realm?”
Chen Ping didn’t say anything because he couldn’t decide if the other party was from the secret realm, but in the secular world, the immortal cultivators Chen Ping had encountered hadn’t seen such a high strength immortal cultivator other than that group of evil cultivators from the Martial Alliance who were possessed by spirits!
After all, the laws of heaven and earth were no joke, and immortal cultivators would be suppressed by the laws of heaven and earth in the secular realm, so it was impossible for their strength to grow to a particularly high level!
But if they were to say they came from the secret realm, then they would have to bear the force of this law and be willing to have their strength suppressed and stagnate, or even regress!
Who would do that?
Because of this, people from those secret realms would not just enter the secular world, or else the secular world would also be in chaos.
Just as Chen Ping was looking carefully at the young man, the young man also suddenly looked at Chen Ping, and the two met at eye level, but at the same time they averted their eyes!
Chen Ping could be sure that the guy in front of him was very strong, and the young man was also frowning slightly!
“Young Master Lu ……”
At this moment, one of the attendants beside him was about to say something, but he was given a fierce glare!
This young man was none other than Factory Lu, who hadn’t brought many people with him so as not to attract attention, and had deliberately hidden his aura!
But as soon as he entered the door, he was stared at by Chen Ping for half a day!
He could feel the fluctuation of Chen Ping’s spiritual energy, which was unique to immortals, so he was sure that Chen Ping was an immortal!
Moreover, Chen Ping was now at the eighth realm of Transformation, which meant that he was an eighth-grade Grand Martial Marquis!
Such strength was rare in the secular realm. One must know that the laws of heaven and earth in the secular realm were so suppressed that to cultivate the Way of Transformation in the secular realm was simply more difficult than ascending to heaven!