“Many thanks Mr Chen, many thanks Mr Chen ……”
Upon hearing this, Zhang Longhu hurriedly and desperately kowtowed to Chen Ping!
General Qian also withdrew his hand, after all, he did not want to kill this Longhu, this was a brother who had followed him for many years!
“Mr Chen, this Fox Emperor City has been recaptured, the Feng family has also been destroyed, and there have been no special personnel in the last two days, so it should be safe!”
General Qian followed Chen Ping and said!
“Thank you General Qian ……,” Chen Ping said indifferently!
“It is my honour to be able to work for Mr. Chen.”
General Qian wiped a cold sweat from his forehead and said!
“General Qian, where are those men from my Fox Imperial City? How come all along the way, all of them are your soldiers?”
Bai Shao asked to General Qian!
“Oh, when we were capturing the Fox Imperial City, there weren’t many beast races in the entire Fox Imperial City, most of them were people from the Feng Family, and some of the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
“It’s probably because the Fox Imperial City was captured and those people ran away or were killed by the Feng Clan’s people!”
General Qian said!
When Bai Qian heard this, she immediately became downcast, as an empress, she had run away herself, leaving behind a city full of her men and subjects, and now she didn’t know how they were doing!
If they had run away, then it was better, if they were all killed, Bai Shao was afraid that she would not be able to forgive herself!
“Don’t be sad, take your time, I believe that Fox Emperor City will still develop ……”
Chen Ping looked at Bai Shao that way, rushed to put his arm around the shoulder and softly comforted!
The Qian General on the side looked at Chen Ping and Bai Shao that way, also instantly understood the relationship between the two, rushed to say: “Empress, people are gone can be found, I believe that now there will be a lot of beasts wanting to find a resting place it.”
“Before the development of Fox Imperial City stabilises, I will send people to stay in Fox Imperial City all the time to act as guards and protect the safety of Fox Imperial City!”
The current General Qian was desperately trying to flatter Chen Ping!
How much battle merit there was, at this time it was not as good as coaxing Chen Ping so that Chen Ping’s word would work in front of Emperor Xiao!
“I will also order the Two Yi Sect as well as the Purple Flame Sect to help out, I believe that Fox Emperor City will soon return to its peak.”
Chen Ping gently stroked Bai Shallow’s hair!
Now that Bai Shallow was Chen Ping’s woman and had feelings for each other, it was no longer a transaction like that at the beginning!
Chen Ping’s current strength of the seventh level of the Transition Realm simply didn’t need Bai Shallow to protect him anymore!
And Bai Shallow’s bloodline had also fused with Chen Ping, so she didn’t even need to be sleeping with Chen Ping!
But now the two people still maintained a relationship, and that was affection, not an exchange of benefits!
Bai Shallow looked at Chen Ping and nodded vigorously!
Chen Ping only stayed in the Fox Emperor City for two days before heading towards the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Ji Yun followed Chen Ping, and Fire Phoenix was left behind in Fox Imperial City!
After all, it was still very difficult for Bai Shao to slowly develop the Fox Imperial City by herself, and Chen Ping was not too assured!
Letting the Fire Phoenix accompany him, Chen Ping was able to feel a little more at ease, how to say that the Fire Phoenix in the Beast Race, that has a lot of prestige!
The airship sped through the air, travelling through mountains and rivers, all the way towards the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was sitting on the blimp, pinpointing the time for his match with Mu Qing!
“Ji Yun, it just so happens that we are going to South End City and passing by the Soul Demon Sect, let’s stop by the Soul Demon Sect and see how that Ochre Yan brat is doing!”
Seeing that there was still plenty of time left to follow Mu Qing in the competition, Chen Ping planned to go and take a look at Ochre Yan at the Soul Demon Sect!
There was one more thing, and that was Chen Ping wanted to follow Soul Demon Sect’s Patriarch Jiang to inquire about that Blood and Bone Sect!
The Soul Demon Sect was a sect that specialised in souls and was able to help people remake their physical bodies!
The Blood and Bone Sect specialises in the use of human bones for cultivation, and the two sects are more or less connected to each other, so maybe that Patriarch Jiang will know about the Blood and Bone Sect’s news!
With the news of the Blood and Bone Sect, Chen Ping would be able to inquire about the skeleton of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch from the Blood and Bone Sect, perhaps the Blood and Bone Sect still had the skeleton of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in their hands!
Ji Yun nodded, then manoeuvred the airship and slowly entered the Southern Domain.