A palm imprint fell from mid-air and hit those demonic beasts!
Chen Ping had to temporarily stop these demonic beasts, or else Bing Lu and the girls would not be able to escape at all!
Bing Lu and the others, on the other hand, fled desperately, not daring to have the slightest hesitation.
“What’s going on here?”
On top of the mountain, Mu Naiyi looked in the direction of the foot of the mountain and frowned slightly!
Because at this moment, she saw that the roars at the foot of the mountain were continuous, and that the sky was filled with intertwined spiritual energy, and there were various flashes of light!
“Eldest Miss, it’s a beast tide coming from under the mountain, and that Chen Ping is leading people to fend off the beast tide.”
Mu Yao stepped forward and said!
“This brat, how dare he directly touch that beast tide hard, he really doesn’t know what’s good for him.”
Mu Nai Yi coldly smiled, then ordered “Don’t bother with him, I guess they won’t come to the mountain alive.”
“Now you immediately lead people to collect the extreme stones, in addition to finding the entrance to the extreme stone mine and collecting as many extreme stones as possible.”
“If we wait for this wave of beasts to surge into the mountain, we won’t have a chance!”
Mu Naiyi knew that these demonic beasts, for sure, were also running towards the extreme stones!
“As you command!” Mu Yao nodded and began to lead the people to collect the pole stones!
At this time, Chen Ping was still fighting to kill the demonic beasts!
Bing Lu and the girls had already pulled away after the demonic beasts behind them!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the others, had also retreated to the mountains!
At this moment, Chen Ping was the only one, holding the Dragon Slashing Sword, constantly killing the demonic beasts between the thunder of heaven and earth!
Everyone stared blankly at Chen Ping with surprise and shock in their eyes!
One person against ten thousand beasts!
As Ouyang Zhenhua was a ninth grade great cultivator of the Transition Realm, he did not even have such vigour!
However, at this time, only Chen Ping himself knew that he also wanted to retreat, but he was being held back by the tide of beasts, and was unable to escape at all!
Chen Ping was a bull, and he was also self-aware!
He could never stop this beast tide by himself!
Now Chen Ping was deep in the beast tide, trying to fight his way out, but the demonic beasts were getting more and more numerous!
r> The cold air that covered the sky caused Chen Ping’s figure to gradually disappear!
If Chen Ping did not have the Supreme Fire Essence Spirit, this cold air would have frozen Chen Ping long ago!
This was the cold air spewed out by tens of thousands of demonic beasts!
The Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body had completely shattered, and a trail of blood appeared on top of Chen Ping’s strong body!
“Damn, do you have to let me die?”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while!
He had just been rescued from that chaotic land, by Mr Shi, and now he was caught in the middle of a beast tide!
This time, Mr Shi should not be saving him!
Just as Chen Ping mechanically swung the Dragon Cutting Sword, the various auras on his body were weakening!
Suddenly there was a flash of light in the storage ring!
The Little Heaven Swallowing Beast ran out yawning, obviously having just woken up from a nap!
The moment the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast appeared, the originally manic and ferocious demonic beasts became quiet all of a sudden!
The black pressurised mass of demonic beasts all looked at the Heaven Swallowing Beast in front of them!
Roar …………
Suddenly, the Heaven Swallowing Beast let out a roar!
This roar directly caused the heavens and earth to tremble and the mountains and rocks to crumble!
The tide of beasts actually began to retreat backwards amidst this roar of the Heaven Swallowing Beast!
Immediately after that, they turned around and ran away, tens of thousands of demonic beasts were actually scared away by a roar from the Heaven Swallowing Beast!
One must know that this little Heaven Swallowing Beast was very small in size, compared to those several zhang demonic beasts, it was simply like an ant!
But it was such a small Heaven Swallowing Beast that scared away thousands of demonic beasts with one voice!
“What kind of roar is this? Could it be the Beast King?”
“Too terrifying, just this roar, it almost didn’t shatter my heart.”
“It’s over, this time we’re afraid we’ll be finished.”
Numerous cultivators, hearing the roar of the Heaven Swallowing Beast, each of their faces changed drastically!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the others, their hearts also trembled, and their eyes were filled with panic!
Bing Lu and the girls, on the other hand, turned their heads back and looked at the place at the foot of the mountain that was shrouded in cold air, all of them sweating for Chen Ping!