But I didn’t expect Chen Ping to even think about fighting with the number one expert of the island ……
Seeing the two men, Chen Ping smiled slightly, “Don’t worry, if I’m not a match for that whatever Kawasaki, I can still escape if I want to, he can’t stop me ……”
“That’s also right, with your current skills, no one in the entire secular world is probably able to stop you.”
Hu Ma Zi nodded.
…………
Island, Mount Fuji Crater!
The temperature inside the crater was hot all year round, and although the volcano didn’t erupt, the magma gushing underground still transmitted a lot of heat out!
But after leaving the crater, the weather outside is thick with snow and it becomes bitterly cold again!
It’s a world of ice and fire here!
The crater is still about ten kilometres from the original Chizuru Shrine!
But because the crater is so steep, it’s off the beaten track!
But right in the centre of the crater, a small wooden hut was built, with obvious signs of human activity outside!
How could this place be inhabited?
If ordinary people knew about it, they would be shocked out of their wits!
At this moment, a dozen people were walking rapidly up the crater, and although it was steep, they were walking fast!
It was no wonder that they were walking between the cliffs as if they were on level ground!
When they arrived at the edge of the crater, looking at the crater, which was a hundred metres deep, a dozen of them jumped down without hesitation!
Soon a dozen people arrived at the hut and knelt down immediately afterwards.
They were all famous figures on the island, each one of them was an existence that would make the island tremble with the stamping of their feet!
But at this moment, they fell to their knees in front of the cabin, their heads bowed and their faces filled with reverence!
At this moment, an old man in samurai garb inside the wooden house was meditating with his eyes downcast!
This man was the island’s number one expert, Kuroki Kawasaki.
Kuroki Kawasaki had no regard for those kneeling outside.
He was doing it quietly by himself, not even opening his eyes for a moment.
And those people didn’t dare to make a sound, so they just kept kneeling on the ground, although everyone was very strong!
But inside this crater, the hot temperature soon made them sweat, but no one dared to move!
It was several hours later before Kuroki Kawasaki slowly opened his eyes!
“Come in …………”
Kuroki Kawasaki’s voice rang out leisurely!
A dozen people got up as if they were heavily relieved and hurriedly got up and walked into the wooden hut in a line of fish!
Only a very few of these people had ever seen Kuroki Kawasaki, many had only heard of him but had never seen his face!
After entering, many of them surreptitiously looked at Kuroki Kawasaki.
But it didn’t matter if they didn’t look, they were all in shock when they did!
Because in their perception, Kuroki Kawasaki should be an old man with a white beard, who is dying ……
But at this time, Kuroki Kawasaki, without a beard and with black hair, looked like a middle-aged man, not like an old man of nearly 200 years old!
“Have you come to me because all four shrines have been destroyed?”
Kuroki Kawasaki slowly spoke.
At this, everyone was stunned and filled with incredulity!
One had to know that Kuroki Kawasaki was the only one living here, following the outside which had long been isolated from the world, so how could he have known about it?
But soon, all these people knelt down!
“Senior, our four major shrines in the island nation have been destroyed and are being called upon by a little child of Daxia, please senior, please do something to guard the prestige of our island nation ……”
Someone piously pleaded!
“Hmph, it’s just a few wisps of divine souls and you are worshipped as gods, you don’t think about it all day, and now that you’ve been beaten to the door, you realize you’re not strong enough.”
“You guys can’t be blamed for our island martial arts world being in such decline ……”
Kuroki Kawasaki snorted coldly!