“Doesn’t Mr. Chen know?” Wu Liuyi had a puzzled look on his face!
Chen Ping smiled and shook his head, “I am not from your martial arts world, so I am not very clear!”
Wu Liuyi recalled the scene when Chen Ping followed Master Bu Dou in the battle and understood, it seemed that Chen Ping was a warlock and not a martial artist!
Seeing this, Wu Liuyi could only explain, “We have a very strict division of ranks in the martial arts world, until one has developed internal energy, one cannot be called a martial artist, and only when one has developed internal energy can one be a true martial artist.”
“This is why I, Red Phoenix, Sun Yaobang and Jiang Zhengzhong are all Internal Energy Grandmasters, but their strengths are different. ”
“Above the Inner Strength Sovereign there are also Martial Dao powerhouses, Martial Dao Sovereigns, and even Martial King realm and Martial Emperor realm experts, but these are all just what I’ve heard, I’ve never seen such experts!”
Listening to Wu Liuyi’s explanation, Chen Ping also had a general understanding of the Martial Dao Realm, it turned out that this Martial Dao Realm followed Chen Ping’s Immortal Cultivation Realm, and the realms were very strictly divided.
Just as Chen Ping was pondering, Wu Liuyi continued, “That is why I sent my second son to study in the Bajiquan lineage since he was young, hoping that his future strength would surpa*s mine!”
Just as Wu Liuyi finished his words, he saw a young man walk in, saying as he walked, “Dad, I’m busy practising now, this time I must help our Baji Quan get good results at the martial arts gathering!”
As the young man walked in, Chen Ping took a glance and was shocked to find that this man looked exactly the same as Wu Dong, if Wu Dong wasn’t sitting right next to him, Chen Ping would have recognized him wrong!
“Mr. Chen, this is my second son Wu Xi, the two of them are twins!”
Wu Liuyi followed Chen Ping and introduced him!
Chen Ping smiled faintly and nodded as a greeting after that Wu Xi!
But the names of this family were a great insight for Chen Ping, Wu Dong, Wu Xi, Wu Liuyi, this family had really random names!
Wu Xi was slightly stunned as he swept a glance at Chen Ping and found that Chen Ping was only about his own age, while his own father actually addressed him as sir with an extremely respectful attitude, which made Wu Xi frown and say, “Dad, you said there was a valuable guest at home, it couldn’t be him, could it?”
“b*****d, how can you talk? Don’t come over to pay your respects to Mr. Chen ……”
When Wu Liuyi saw Wu Xi’s arrogant attitude, he immediately scolded angrily!
Seeing Wu Liuyi’s anger, Wu Xi could only walk up to Chen Ping very reluctantly, “Greetings Mr. Chen ……”
Chen Ping only nodded slightly and didn’t say anything!
“What kind of attitude do you have towards Mr. Chen? Looking for a fight aren’t you?”
As soon as Wu Liu saw Wu Xi’s disobedience, he immediately rebuked angrily.
“Master Wu, it’s understandable that young people are high-minded, you don’t need to be so ……”
Chen Ping spoke to Wu Liuyi and persuaded him.
Chen Ping did not care about Wu Xi’s attitude, ever since he stepped into the Immortal Cultivation Realm, Chen Ping’s state of mind was slowly changing!
“Ai!” Wu Liuyi sighed, “If these two sons of mine, could be like Mr. Chen, I would have no regrets even if I die!”
“Dad, I’m now at the realm of Inner Strength Master, in less than three years I’ll definitely be able to surpa*s you ……”
Seeing his father belittling himself in front of outsiders, Wu Xi said with some displeasure.
“Internal strength master is nothing, give me a good sit aside, let Mr. Chen instruct you a little later ……”
Wu Liuyi knew what Chen Ping was capable of, Jiang Zhengzhong’s kind of internal strength master had been killed with a slap, an internal strength master also dared to shout in front of Chen Ping ah!