The splash was as high as several storeys, and the giant crab’s corpse floated on the water, instantly attracting many sharks.
Chen Ping hovered in mid-air, holding the beast pellet in his hand, and looked coldly at the crowd on the ship below.
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a celestial god descending from the earth, emitting golden light all over his body, giving people a powerful sense of oppression!
Looking at Chen Ping in mid-air, a trace of unease rose in Long Xiao’s heart, this Chen Ping’s strength had broken through his perception time and again.
Inside the room, Zhu Zhishan’s face was also unsightly, and the killing intent in his heart was even stronger, he knew that Chen Ping must not be kept any longer.
Chen Ping slowly fell from mid-air onto the wearer, but no one was paying attention to Chen Ping, they were more concerned about the corpse of the giant crab.
Although these people hadn’t been able to obtain the giant crab beast pellet, the meat of the giant crab was an incomparable cultivation resource!
These people leapt into the sea and began to slaughter the sharks that were frantically coming.
Against a demonic beast like the giant crab, these people were not strong enough, but against an ordinary shark, that was still more than enough.
Many people fought over the various parts of the giant crabs, and some even fought over them!
Looking at those people who were fighting for their hands, Chen Ping smiled coldly, these family members would become no different from robbers in the face of profit!
“Brother Chen Ping, you’re so awesome …………”
Dong Jiahao walked over to Chen Ping with a face of excitement, “Let’s see, this is the Giant Crab Beast Dan ah, it’s really good looking ……”
Dong Jiahao took the beast dan in Chen Ping’s hand and carefully examined it.
“If you like it, you can have it ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Although this Beast Dan was very good, a single Beast Dan was only a drop in the bucket for Chen Ping, and it would not play much of a role in his strength growth.
After all, Chen Ping now needed far too much spiritual energy to advance one realm, and besides, Chen Ping still had that Duda’s firstborn baby that he hadn’t refined yet.
“No, no, no …… I can’t take it, it’s too precious, giving it to me would be a waste, with this talent, I’m afraid I won’t be able to break through to Martial Marquis for the rest of my life.”
Dong Jiahao waved his hand repeatedly and hurriedly stuffed the beast pellet back into Chen Ping’s hand.
Dong Jiahao knew that he, himself, was not talented, so even if he ate this beast pellet, it was estimated that he would not be able to increase his strength by much.
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not say anything else, but filled the beast elixir.
At this time, Ge Jiayi walked over and said to Chen Ping, “Chen Ping, can you sell that beast elixir to me?”
This beast elixir was a very important cultivation resource for Ge Jiayi!
Chen Ping glanced at Ge Jiayi and faintly spat out two words, “Not for sale ……”
Chen Ping was not short of money now, there was no need to sell the beast pellet, it was not very useful for him to eat it himself, he could go back and give it to other people to take.
Ge Jiayi faintly froze, but did not give up and continued, “I can exchange it for other resources, pills, magic weapons, it’s all fine ……”
“No exchange!” Chen Ping replied to Ge Jiayi with still two words.
Ge Jiayi’s face was a little unhappy, but there was nothing she could do, she couldn’t just grab it with her hands.
And at this moment, Long Xiao’s face was hard to see, with anger bursting out of his eyes.
Inside the room, Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, had his eyes slightly glued, and then waved his hand towards one of the four Martial Alliance, “Xu Song, you guys go out and follow Duke Long like this ……”
Zhu Zhishan quietly whispered something in Xu Song’s ear, and after finishing, Xu Song led the other three out of the room.
When came on the deck after, Xu Song ambled to Long Xiao’s ear and whispered a few words!
When Long Xiao heard this, his face was instantly happy.
Just as Chen Ping was about to leave the deck and return to his room, he was stopped directly by Long Xiao.
“Chen Ping, you can’t leave, you can leave if you want, hand over the beast pills ……”
Long Xiao said to Chen Ping.