As Chen Ping continued to walk forward for some distance, he suddenly noticed that the sky was much darker.
There was very little sunlight through the branches anymore, and it was obvious that the trees here were going to become tall and lush with branches!
“How can the trees here be lush in the same place?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised.
After all, it was all the same land, the trees shouldn’t grow with such a big gap.
A strand of divine sense was released by Chen Ping and he began to feel the aura around him.
Soon, Chen Ping discovered that not far ahead, there was actually a huge boulder, which was more than ten metres high, and in the middle of the boulder, there was a hole more than two metres high!
“What is this thing? Could it be that this boulder has been hollowed out by someone?”
Chen Ping’s brows rose slightly, but his body accelerated and he quickly reached the boulder.
It was obvious that there was an empty space here that had been artificially mined out.
And it was also obvious that the spiritual energy was thicker here than elsewhere.
“There must be something odd about this rock!”
Chen Ping looked at the hole of the huge rock and found that it was just an ordinary hole, looking from this end to the other end with a glance.
There didn’t seem to be anything special, but inside this dense jungle, the sudden appearance of a huge rock was obviously a bit out of the ordinary.
This time, Chen Ping closed his eyes slightly and his divine sense was emitted towards the boulder, he wanted to find out what was strange about the boulder.
But just as Chen Ping’s divine sense went towards the boulder, it was directly shaken back by a huge recoil.
“This boulder has actually been put under a spell?”
Chen Ping was amazed.
Looking at the not-so-large hole, Chen Ping dug in without the slightest hesitation.
But when Chen Ping had just entered the hole, the scene in front of him suddenly changed.
He saw a large area of houses built with stones appearing in front of him.
There were walls all around and a gatehouse with the three big words Red Lotus Palace written on it.
The words were blood red and very bright!
Seeing this scene, Chen Ping then realised that the place was covered with illusions!
An ordinary person pa*sing by would not be able to see this Red Lotus Palace, and the entrance to enter the Red Lotus Palace was the hole in the huge rock.
By going through the hole, one could break through the illusion and see the Red Lotus Palace.
“This sect is a bit interesting, to be able to set up such a large illusion formation, it seems that the strength of this palace master is not ordinary ……”
Chen Ping thought, and walked towards the palace gate.
This was a good place to cultivate as it was very full of spiritual qi, so this Red Lotus Palace’s ancestor definitely had a good vision to be able to choose this place.
Just as Chen Ping walked to the entrance, two girls dressed in purple immediately appeared to stop him.
“Who are you? Why are you trespa*sing in my Red Lotus Palace?”
One of the girls questioned loudly at Chen Ping.
And even the aura on the girl’s body erupted, her face full of gloom and her eyes full of hostility.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly explained, “I didn’t mean to offend, and I hope the two sisters won’t take offense, I just came over to have fun and entered by mistake.”
“Since you entered by mistake, then leave quickly, otherwise we will not be polite.”
The aura from the two girls locked onto Chen Ping.
And Chen Ping smiled faintly, these two girls, were just at the level of Grand Master, even if Chen Ping stood still, the two of them would not be able to hurt Chen Ping at all.
However, Chen Ping had no intention to start a conflict with the two girls, he had also entered someone else’s territory by mistake, since they were not welcome, he would just leave.
“The two of you don’t need to be nervous, I’ll be leaving soon ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and was about to leave!
But just as Chen Ping turned around, a girl dressed in blue suddenly leapt down from the top of the stone wall.
“Wait a minute ……”
The girl shouted towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping turned to look at the girl in blue and asked with some surprise, “Is there anything else?”