…………
Penglai Island, in the palace!
Du Ziteng was filled with disbelief, “You said that the person you encountered was a YuanYing realm immortal cultivation expert?”
“Not bad, and the other party is only in his twenties, very young!”
The Grand Elder followed Du Ziteng truthfully and reported.
“A YuanYing expert in his twenties? How is it possible ……”
Du Ziteng simply could not believe that there were still such young YuanYing experts in the world!
After all, today’s world is no longer suitable for the existence of immortal cultivators, relying on that barren heaven and earth spiritual energy, or some medicinal herbs and spiritual stones to enhance, it is also simply impossible to cultivate to YuanYing at a young age.
“Du Wang, this is a thousand percent true, I am absolutely not lying to you, in front of that person, I don’t even have the chance to move ……”
The Grand Elder said with conviction.
Du Ziteng was silent for a while before he spoke, “Remember, no one should bother him or spy on that person anymore, so as not to anger the other party, if the other party has no malice and finally leaves, we should leave it alone ……”
“If he stays put and stays with us, we’re thinking of something ……”
“Understood!” The Grand Elder nodded his head!
The Grand Elder then walked out of the palace, while Du Ziteng got up and walked backwards.
Du Ziteng walked until he reached the end of the back garden, and at the end was a glimpse of a wall blocking the way!
After looking around, Du Ziteng walked to an extremely secret place and pressed the mechanism!
The wall in front of him faded away to the sides, and behind it was an open landscape, like another space!
And here, four guards in armour stood on either side!
The aura on these guards was not weak, obviously much stronger than those outside, and these guards were all Du family members too!
This was a restricted area, all the people here were all descendants of the Du Family, not a single outsider!
When the four guards saw Du Ziteng enter, they immediately saluted!
Du Ziteng didn’t even look at the guards, he hurriedly walked inside, and soon a mansion appeared, and a spiritual energy fluctuation visible to the naked eye wrapped around the mansion!
These were all forbidden powers, dozens of them, separating the residence from the outside!
A red light flickered on Du Ziteng’s left chest, and then the dozens of forbidden powers disappeared as if a switch had been turned on!
After Du Ziteng stepped inside, the dozens of forbidden powers were restored once again!
Entering the huge mansion, there were still people guarding inside, each of these people had cold faces and godless eyes, as if they were puppets!
However, the fluctuations of the aura on these people were surprisingly able to follow Du Ziteng, so it was evident that they were of the same strength, all of them were experts of the Golden Dan realm!
A Jindan realm expert was acting as a gatekeeper here, so one could imagine what kind of strength the people inside would be!
Du Ziteng entered the mansion and was then taken to a side room, when Du Ziteng was coming out, he had already changed his clothes!
Immediately afterwards, Du Ziteng began to kneel down, three steps at a time, and walked towards the main hall!
When he entered the hall, there was a tiger-headed monster sitting on top of the throne in the middle, which could scare people to death!
But when Du Ziteng saw this monster, he was not afraid at all, his face was full of devotion, and he knelt down heavily!
“What do you want to see me for?”
The monster on the throne spoke, and with one mouth it actually spat out human words!
“Tiger Li Daxian, a YuanYing realm expert has entered Penglai Island and is only in his twenties, I sent my men to pry but they were slaughtered, may I ask Tiger Li Daxian what to do?”
Du Ziteng asked respectfully.