“Going after Mr Chen?”
Sheng Bushi froze, then continued “Mr Chen, it seems that this person called Qi Peijia follows the Heavenly Underworld Gang, I think you should be careful, this Heavenly Underworld Gang is ruthless, especially that help Zou Qi, the formation charm art is also very powerful.”
“And rumour has it that this guy will Heavenly Underworld eyes, able to pierce through everything, or be careful for good ……”
“That what heavenly darkness gang is not enough to worry about, on the contrary, that Qi Peijia ferrying realm eighth grade strength, I’m afraid it’s not so good to deal with.”
At this time, Bai Qian opened her mouth and said!
“Eighth rank of the Ferrying Realm?”
Sheng Bushi froze, then smiled awkwardly and said “Transitional Apparition Realm 8th Grade Great Cultivator, that really doesn’t need to put the Heavenly Underworld Gang in your eyes ……”
“Master, let’s just get out of here!”
Fire Phoenix stepped forward to persuade Chen Ping!
Chen Ping glanced at the towering mountain peak, then shook his head “Go up the mountain, where that mountain top is, there must still be treasures ……”
“Master, but ……”
The fire phoenix was about to say something, but Chen Ping waved his hand and said “There is no need to say anything, the treasures on top of this mountain peak, must not let that Qi Peijia get.”
The fire phoenix saw that Chen Ping’s mind was made up, so he no longer said anything!
“Since you insist on going, then I will accompany you, although that Qi Peijia is an eighth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, but if I really have to make a move, I will still be able to withstand it for a while!”
Bai Shao said to Chen Ping!
“None of you should follow me, just wait here, it’s more convenient for me on my own!”
Chen Ping said!
Chen Ping knew that there were definitely still formations on top of this mountain peak, so it would be inconvenient to bring someone with him at that time, and in the middle of the formation, Chen Ping was not afraid of that Qi Peijia!
After all, this kind of ancient leftover formation, Qi Peijia wanted to forcefully break through it, it would be very difficult!
“Then be careful yourself, if we don’t see you before sunset, we will go up to the top of the mountain to find you!”
Bai Shallow saw that Chen Ping wanted to go up to the top of the mountain by himself, so she said!
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded!
“Mr Chen, you have to pay more attention, the Heavenly Underworld Gang’s talismanic spells are not simple.”
Sheng Bushi barked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then quickly headed towards the top of the mountain!
Although Sheng Bushi was also curious about what treasures were at the top of the mountain, but there was the Heavenly Underworld Gang and the Ferrying Realm Eighth Grade Great Cultivator at the top of the mountain, so he didn’t dare to go up there!
Just as Chen Ping was rushing towards the top of the mountain, Qi Peijia and the others had already reached the top of the mountain!
Only to see a grand golden hall appear in front of everyone’s eyes!
The hall was surrounded by immortal mist, just like a fairyland!
“Gang master, how could this …… place have such a majestic grand hall?”
Zou Qi looked at the great hall in front of him and asked with great curiosity!
Where does Qi Pei A know why there is a great hall, after observing for a while, Qi Pei A waved his hand and said “Go, go in and take a look ……”
Zou Qi let the two gang members open the way, they followed closely behind!
Just after all the people have walked into the great hall, suddenly a soft chant, the whole hall is buzzing!
Zou Qi’s face changed and said “Retreat, quickly retreat ……”
But just as Zou Qi’s words fell, a formation pattern appeared, and then spread in all directions at a very fast speed, radiating light!
A bizarre atmosphere also began to diffuse!
While the two gang members who had opened the way in front of them let out a miserable scream at the same time, their bodies collapsed to the ground with a bang, and a sword was even stuck in their chests!
Zou Qi was shocked and rushed closer to look, and found that the sword on these two gang members, was actually their own, could it be that these two people were committing suicide?
Just when Zou Qi was puzzled, that one array pattern child continued to spread, the entire hall was wrapped in array patterns, see this scene of the TianMei gang members were all a face of fear!
“Break the formation, break the formation ……”
Zou Qi shouted out, he knew that this was some kind of formation in the great hall that had been activated.