Rumble …………
Finally, Guo Wei ruthlessly crashed into Chen Ping’s body, the two rays of light scattered in all directions, and the dark clouds in the sky were all washed away by this huge shockwave!
The surrounding trees were uprooted, and the entire area of thousands of metres became a mess!
Chen Ping’s figure fell rapidly, finally smashing into the ground, smashing a deep pit into the ground!
Guo Wei was no better, his figure swayed and managed to land on the ground, taking several steps backwards in a row!
Guo Wei’s face was ghastly white, and the corners of his mouth were starting to show blood, and the mark that flashed in front of Guo Wei’s chest even had the slightest crack!
Looking at Chen Ping who staggered and stood up again, Guo Wei had a headache for a while, he felt that this guy, Chen Ping, was an undefeatable little strong man!
Seeing Su Yuqi once again handing the wound to Chen Ping and letting Chen Ping suck the blood, Guo Wei was finally disheartened!
He really couldn’t figure out what was so different about Su Yuqi’s body, why after sucking her blood, Chen Ping’s strength would suddenly increase.
“Today temporarily spare you from death, in the future if you dare to talk nonsense, you will be left to die without a burial place ……”
Guo Wei said, the figure of a few flashes on no trace!
After Guo Wei left, Chen Ping’s body collapsed with a bang.
“Chen Ping …………”
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er hurriedly pounced up.
………………
Kyoto Martial Arts Alliance!
Guo Wei sat in the hall with a pale face, the qi and blood in his body was rolling around, the battle that followed Chen Ping had caused Guo Wei to be seriously injured as well.
Soon after, Zhu Zhishan walked in, seeing Guo Wei in that state, his brows frowned slightly.
“Guo Wei, what’s going on?”
Zhu Zhishan asked.
“Alliance Master Zhu, that boy Chen Ping is too perverted, Cheng Zhichang of the Thunderbolt Sect as well as Xuanyuan Yan of the Xuanyuan Family have already been killed by Chen Ping, and in the future, there will be no more of these two families in Kyoto.”
Guo Wei said with a gloomy expression.
“What the hell is going on? Didn’t I send you over to take a look? You couldn’t even stop that Chen Ping?”
Zhu Zhishan’s frown deepened.
Guo Wei shook his head and told the story after Zhu Zhishan!
After hearing that Chen Ping had drained Xuanyuan Yan’s strength and that his strength would suddenly increase after sucking on Su Yuqi’s blood, Zhu Zhishan fell into deep thought.
A moment later, Zhu Zhishan slowly spoke, “Could it be that this Chen Ping is also an evil practitioner, cultivating a technique similar to the Star Absorbing Technique?”
“That’s what I suspected as well, but how do you explain his sudden increase in strength after sucking the girl’s blood?”
Guo Wei did not understand why Chen Ping’s strength would increase when he sucked human blood.
They had followed many evil cultivators who had dealt with them, and they had yet to hear of any feats that could enhance their strength by sucking human blood.
“This should have nothing to do with that Chen Ping, the one with the problem should be that girl!”Zhu Zhishan’s eyes flashed with the slightest light, then continued, “The matter of Chen Ping destroying the Thunderbolt Sect and the Xuan Yuan Family, you should suppress it first, don’t proclaim it out, you only need to announce it out, that Chen Ping disobeyed the leadership in the trial, and was seriously injured by you, and nothing else is allowed to be mentioned!”
“Understood!”Guo Wei nodded.
Zhu Zhishan waved his hand and sent Guo Wei away, but he himself directly entered the dungeon within the backyard!
…………
Three days later, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes in the Shadowless Villa!
“Chen Ping, you’re awake ……”
Seeing Chen Ping awake, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er hurriedly came up.
Chen Ping looked around, “How long have I been unconscious? Where is this?”
“Mr Chen, you have been unconscious for three days, this is the Shadowless Villa!”
Zhao Liguo stepped forward and said.
Chen Ping snapped up and frowned, “In these three days, has anyone come looking for trouble?”
“No, these three days were very calm, even the news of the near destruction of the Thunderbolt Sect and the Xuan Yuan Family, there are many people who still don’t know about it, it didn’t spread, that Guo Wei just announced on the Martial Arts Forum that because of your disobedience to the leadership during the trial, you were taught a lesson by him by being seriously injured!”
Zhao Liguo said.