He felt that Chen Ping was too stupid!
As for the old Sect Master and the others, when they saw this scene, they had a worried look on their faces!
One must know that the old Sect Master himself was tortured to death by just one demonic soul, and he was crazy all day long, and could only come to his senses a bit late at night!
But now Chen Ping was being invaded by several demonic souls into his sea of consciousness, could he still come to his senses?
Huo Yuan Ting was slightly relieved inside when he saw that Chen Ping had been controlled by the demonic souls invading his body!
“Son, don’t dilly-dally, chop off that Chen Ping’s head and go to the Demon Sealing Alliance to collect your reward ……”
Huo Yuan Ting said to Huo Dong!
Huo Dong nodded, holding a black longsword, and after approaching Chen Ping, he chopped at him with a single sword!
However, just as Huo Dong’s sword was about to land on Chen Ping’s neck, Chen Ping’s figure suddenly disappeared!
Huo Dong was stunned when he felt a sudden burst of danger coming from behind him.
As soon as Huo Dong turned around, he saw Chen Ping’s huge palm whip over!
Slap!
Huo Dong was unable to dodge in time and was directly jerked away, his entire face was deformed!
Huo Dong fell heavily to the ground and fought to get up, but the teeth in his mouth fell out all over the place!
“You …… you are not controlled by a demonic soul?”
Huo Dong looked at Chen Ping in shock!
“Control your mother, just your few demonic souls, still want to control Lao Zi, you forgot to warn you, Lao Zi’s sea of consciousness, but there are more powerful demonic souls present.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Huo Dong’s face became very ugly, at that time, Elder Tu did say that, and Chen Ping was still being controlled by that Demonic Soul’s body, which made Elder Tu and the others suffer!
Huo Dong unexpectedly forgot about it, the thought that so many of his demonic souls were finished like this made Huo Dong’s heart ache very much inside!
“Chen Ping, don’t be complacent, I can definitely kill you ……”
Huo Dong roared angrily, his body once again exuded black aura, as soon as these black auras appeared, they were like boiling water that churned and boiled!
It was as if there were countless fierce beasts present in this black mist, and immediately after that a head of pythons with red eyes and spitting red letters appeared!
These pythons are all black, into the black fog, if not the eyes and red letters, it is really difficult to distinguish!
One of the pythons was dozens of feet tall, its head was bigger than the Purple Flame Sect’s main hall, and its body was constantly hovering in the air!
Seeing this, Chen Ping raised his Dragon Beheading Sword, and ten thousand sword awns shot up into the sky!
The sword awns passed through the black mist, and instantly, a miserable scream rang out as a head of python was killed one after another!
The huge python, on the other hand, opened its bloody mouth and instantly swallowed those sword awns into its stomach!
Chen Ping was slightly stunned and realised that the python did not seem to be afraid of the sword awnings, so he put away the Dragon Cutting Sword and leapt up!
On Chen Ping’s body, golden light flashed!
At this moment, the sky was instantly covered in dark clouds, and a streak of lightning streaked across the sky!
“Running Thunder Palm ……”
Chen Ping slapped his palm down towards the python!
Within the Running Thunder Palm, thunderbolts continued to burst into flames!
A streak of lightning struck that python, causing the python to instantly lose its attack!
Afterwards, it collapsed and dissipated under this Thunder Rushing Palm!
Even that black mist all collapsed in an instant!
This palm instantly shocked everyone!
A palm had actually triggered the power of thunder, it was simply too unbelievable!
“Thunder Origin, a mere fourth rank of the Transition Realm has mastered the Thunder Origin, it’s unbelievable!”
The old Sect Master could see the thunder and lightning that Chen Ping had performed, those could be the power of the Origin!
Huo Dong looked at Chen Ping with a hazy expression, the muscles on his face constantly throbbing!
Elder Yu and the others were also shocked, the technique and strength that Chen Ping had unleashed was definitely not something that the fourth rank of the Transition Realm was capable of!
“Son, use the Supreme Fire ……”
Huo Yuanting reminded Huo Dong!
Huo Dong was in possession of three types of Supreme Flames at this time, the two types of Supreme Flames from the Violet Flame Sect, and the Demon Supreme Flame!