“Not bad, yesterday’s Inner Sect Competition, the one that defeated that Liu Sh*tong, now he’s an Inner Sect Disciple.”
Elder Yu nodded and said!
“I don’t believe it, he’s only a cultivator of the fourth rank of the Ferrying Realm, how could he defeat Liu Sh*tong?”
“Elder Yu wouldn’t have deliberately found a way to say that in order to exonerate his own disciple, right?”
“He’s a big pervert, he doesn’t deserve to stay in our Purple Flame Sect.”
Zhu Ling didn’t believe what Elder Yu said at all!
“Missy, there’s no need for me to lie to you, and I’m sure there’s a misunderstanding here.”
Elder Yu continued to explain, but that Zhu Ling didn’t believe it at all!
“It’s fine if you want me to believe it, let him have a match with me, if this guy can defeat Liu Sh*tong, then he should be on par with me.”
Zhu Ling wanted to compare herself to Chen Ping!
Elder Yu knew that Zhu Ling definitely wanted to fight in a competition and then teach Chen Ping a good lesson!
After all, one must be angry to be directly seen naked after taking a nice bath!
What’s more, Zhu Ling was also a recognised great beauty, normally it would be difficult for others to want to look at one side of her, but she was actually looked at all by Chen Ping!
“This …………”
“Missy is now at the 9th rank of the Transition Realm strength and will soon reach the peak, having him compete with you is a bit too bullying.”
Elder Yu did not know if Chen Ping could beat Zhu Ling, but he did not want the two to fight!
No matter who hurt who, it was not good in his case!
“If we don’t compare, today we will have to snap his eyes blind and expel him from the Purple Flame Sect.”
Zhu Ling said aggressively!
Elder Yu had a helpless face and could only look towards Chen Ping!
He could only help as far as he could, who let Chen Ping stay up late at night and run to watch others bathe!
It was out of Elder Yu’s expectation when things came to this point!
“A match is fine, but I’m a person who never fights with anyone without a bet, like that Liu Sh*tong, who also added a bet.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Not only are you a big pervert, you’re even a gambler, people like you don’t deserve to be in our Purple Flame Sect at all.”
“Today I will clean up for Elder Yu, if you are able to win me, the conditions can be opened at will!”
“If you lose, deduct your eyes and get out of the Purple Flame Sect!”
Zhu Ling’s body breath surged and her eyes were filled with anger!
Without waiting for Chen Ping to answer or not, Zhu Ling struck out, he was afraid that Chen Ping would not agree, and he was also afraid that Elder Yu would stop him!
Only to see Zhu Ling reach out her hand, a Flame Spirit Sword appeared in her hand, followed by a dozen of sword blades heading straight for Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then let out a cold smile, casually breaking off a branch and pouring his aura into the branch!
The ordinary tree branch was unexpectedly flashing with white light at this moment!
Seeing that Chen Ping was going to use the tree branch against himself, Zhu Ling became even more furious!
Brush Brush Brush …………
Zhu Ling waved it again, and another dozen or so sword awns came out!
Wave after wave of sword awns, like waves, swept towards Chen Ping, not giving Chen Ping any chance to catch his breath.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, swung the branch in his hand, and every sword awn was accurately shattered by Chen Ping!
At this moment, Chen Ping did not even look like he was fighting, it was more like he was exercising his body with a tree branch!
None of the sword manes from different directions could escape Chen Ping’s strikes!
Chen Ping’s body never left its standing position!
With just this hand, both Wei Qing and Elder Yu were directly dumbfounded!
Although Zhu Ling’s sword awnings were not meant to kill Chen Ping, it was impossible to deal with them so easily!
After the last sword awn was shattered, Chen Ping casually pointed the branch in his hand!
A white light rushed out, Zhu Ling was shocked in her heart, her body rushed back, but the corners of her clothes were still penetrated by this white light!
Looking at the torn clothes, Zhu Ling’s eyes slightly condensed as her body’s aura continued to erupt!