Even Ouyang Wufeng shook his head slightly, thinking that Chen Ping was too perfunctory!
Zhong Qi, on the other hand, sighed softly, “Quite a good seedling, it’s a pity that he doesn’t know to keep a low profile.”
Zhong Qi was able to tell that Chen Ping’s natural talent was very good, it was just a pity that he was too pretentious, such a good natural talent was wasted for nothing!
Liu Ruyan and Nie Heng, on the other hand, were filled with nervousness, and when they saw Chen Ping jumping down from the frame, they all greeted him!
If someone made a move against Chen Ping, they would fight to the death to protect him!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, don’t you need to check in detail?”
Chen Wenliang walked over and said to Chen Ping!
“I’ve checked, I already know the cause of his illness, I don’t need to check more.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“In such a short period of time, you figured out where the cause of the illness lies?”
Chen Wenliang felt very unbelievable!
It was only a few breaths of time, and Chen Ping knew the cause of the illness!
“President Chen, as a pharmacist, you should understand that seeing through the cause of the disease is not about the length of time.”
“The more one can see through the cause of the disease at a glance, the more absolute certainty one has about the cure!”
Chen Ping said!
“That way is also right!”Chen Wenliang nodded, “Fellow Daoist Chen, I wonder if you need my help? This time when I came over to participate in the Pill Master Conference, I brought quite a few immortal herbs and spirit medicines with me, so if you need them for alchemy, I can give them to you!”
“Thank you, President Chen, I have some on myself, it’s enough, just need to find me a secluded place for me to refine pills.”
Chen Ping said!
“That’s fine!”After Chen Wenliang finished speaking, he looked towards Su Tianshuo and said, “President Su, I hope that you can let out the alchemy room of your Apothecary Guild, so that Daoist Chen can use it!”
“No problem ……,” Su Tianshuo nodded!
Xiao Yuanshan saw that Chen Ping was so sure, so he asked, “Little brother, what exactly is the cause of my son’s illness? More than a dozen pharmacists have come to see him, but none of them have made it clear.”
“Emperor Xiao, forgive me for not being able to tell you right now, after healing your son, I will naturally say.”
Chen Ping sold the story and did not tell it to Xiao Yuanshan!
Xiao Yuanshan was slightly stunned before nodding his head, “Good, then I will wait ……”
“Chen Ping, are you sure or not?”
Ruyan Liu asked worriedly!
“Don’t worry, you guys wait for me here, I never do anything I’m not sure of!”
Chen Ping gently stroked Ruyan Liu’s head!
Under Chen Wenliang’s leadership, Chen Ping entered the Western Region Apothecary Society’s alchemy room!
And then the heavy iron door was closed so that outsiders could not pry into Chen Ping’s alchemy!
After all, alchemy was also a secret of every Apothecary that one did not wish to be seen!
Sitting inside the alchemy room, Chen Ping offered up the Shen Nong Ding and began to prepare the refined pills!
“Kid, I can tell you, there is no demonic soul possessing this guy, this manic bloodlust of his is not caused by a demonic soul.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said to Chen Ping!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch did not know how to see a doctor, nor did he know any medical skills, but he was able to detect if there was a Demon Soul in Xiao Feng’s body!
Many people who were possessed by a demonic soul would suddenly become manic and bloodthirsty, and their entire person would change!
“Of course I know, if it was just a demonic soul possession, it wouldn’t take so many years for no one to see through it!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“Then tell me, what exactly is this guy’s illness?”The Red Cloud Demon Lord was also very curious!
What kind of sickness would cause someone to suddenly wake up and suddenly become manic and bloodthirsty?
“Sickness of the heart ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Heart disease?”The Red Cloud Demon Lord froze, “What do you mean?”
“There’s no meaning, it’s just a heart disease, this Xiao Feng’s body isn’t sick, but he has a heart disease.”
“He is suffering from a mental disorder caused by a disturbed heart demon, so much so that he is sometimes awake, but at other times, he is manic and bloodthirsty.”
“This kind of sickness, there is another name for it, it is called interstitial psychosis ……”
Chen Ping said!