Chen Ping wanted to see what this Western Domain Lord was really like, but he realised that he could not even look directly at that Western Domain Lord!
That feeling of oppression caused Chen Ping to lower his head!
This was the second Domain Lord that Chen Ping had encountered, of the five Domain Lords of the Celestial Realm, Chen Ping had already encountered two!
At this moment, Shi, however, slightly raised his head and coldly glanced at that Western Domain Lord!
With that one glance, the Western Domain Lord’s body shook!
“I’m really sorry for the disturbance, you guys are busy ……”
After the Western Domain Lord finished speaking, his body instantly turned into a stream of light and disappeared!
So the people were all in a daze!
This Western Domain Lord came quickly, but disappeared quickly as well, as if he had never appeared!
Regardless of whether it was the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance or the people from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, all of them were in a state of confusion!
“Mr Shi, this ……”
Chen Ping raised his head and realised that that Western Domain Lord was long gone!
“Don’t worry about him, only if you cultivate well in the future and raise your strength as soon as possible!”
Mr Shi patted Chen Ping’s shoulder!
“En!”Chen Ping nodded heavily!
Shi looked towards Xiao Feng before speaking, “I said that Chen Ping is a great chance for your Xiao Dynasty, and now this chance has come!”
After saying that, Shi waved his palm and suddenly a ray of golden light disappeared into the void!
But soon, this golden light exploded in the void, and then dots of golden light filled the entire boundary of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“This light of qi has increased your Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s qi for 3,000 years, and no one will be able to shake your Xiao Imperial Dynasty within these 3,000 years!”
Mr Shi said indifferently!
These words of Mr Shi were spoken to Xiao Feng’s ears, and likewise to Zuo Tianzheng and the others!
This was to tell the Demon Sealing Alliance to stop hitting the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
Upon hearing this, Xiao Yuanshan was overjoyed and led all the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to kneel at Mr Shi’s feet!
“Senior, my Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s more than 100,000 generals’ divine souls were all resurrected by senior as well, right?”
At this time, Xiao Feng looked at Mr Shi and asked!
This was because just now, Mr Shi’s voice was exactly the same as the voice of the person who had resurrected those hundred thousand generals!
So it seemed that the divine souls of those hundred thousand generals were not resurrected by that Wuji Daoist!
Mr Shi just smiled faintly, but did not answer Xiao Feng, his body instantly disappeared!
Chen Ping froze!
The people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty also froze!
Leaving just like that?
What about these people from the Demon Sealing Alliance?
Seeing Shi leave, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch hiding in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness let out a long breath, “But he’s finally fucking gone, I’m scared shitless.”
“Senior, why are you so afraid of Mr Shi, do you know Mr Shi’s identity?”
Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Little child, don’t ask too many questions, if you are told to cultivate properly, just cultivate properly.”
“Lend me your physical body, I want to kill a few people to vent, but it scared me ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord did not say much, he knew that if Shi did not tell Chen Ping, then there was a reason why he did not tell Chen Ping!
If he spoke more, he was afraid that he would incur the trouble of killing himself!
He had just been scared to death, and this moment, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch wanted to give vent to it.
“Senior, then you have to take it easy, don’t destroy my flesh for me!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he intended to lend his flesh body to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch and then decimate these guys from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
But before Chen Ping could let the Red Cloud Demon Monarch have his physical body, he saw that Zuo Tianzheng and Na Luota and the others, turned their heads and ran away!
Running faster than a rabbit!
Although Mr Shi had left, the words of Mr Shi just now had already shaken them to the core!
He gave Xiao Dynasty 3,000 years of good fortune and protected it for 3,000 years!
What kind of concept is that?
With these words, they wouldn’t dare to think anything against Xiao Dynasty!
The people from the Demon Sealing Alliance had all run away, so Chen Ping could only give up and give up his physical body to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!