“That’s it?” Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with disdain as he looked at the huge stone man that Zang Qing had turned into.
Not to mention stone, even if it was a bronze wall, Chen Ping could punch through it now.
Looking at Chen Ping’s disdainful look, Zang Qing laughed loudly and said, “Don’t think that you can easily break this stone of mine, come and try if you don’t believe me ……”
When Zang Qing finished speaking, his fist, which was like a small mountain, smashed down fiercely towards Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Chen Ping clenched his fists tightly, and the golden light on his body kept flickering.
His body then leapt up and heaved his fists together!
In Chen Ping’s mind, this punch was enough to smash these stone piled up bodies to pieces!
But the result was beyond Chen Ping’s expectation!
After Chen Ping’s fist followed Zang Qing’s, he only felt a huge force coming from his own arm, and then Chen Ping’s body fell down rapidly.
Rumble …………
Zang Qing’s punch smashed Chen Ping directly into the earth with a hard thud!
A several-metre deep crater appeared on the ground, while Chen Ping’s body was buried in the deep crater by the chaotic rocks.
“Hahahaha, ignorant little boy, do you really think I’m wearing some rotten rocks?”
Watching Chen Ping being smashed into the earth by himself, Zang Qing laughed out loud in arrogance.
When Xing Jun at the foot of the hill saw this, he frowned Avray!
He had not expected that Zang Qing would be so powerful, and it looked like Chen Ping would have a hard time resisting.
“All prepare a heavenly net for me, we can’t let this Zang Qing escape ……”
Xing Jun ordered in a whisper to his men.
Soon, several of his men took out golden ropes in their hands and were ready to strike.
With a crash ……
Chen Ping’s body stood up from the chaotic rocks and looked at Zang Qing with some incredulity.
Chen Ping could not understand why his punch could not even break some broken stones.
Seeing that Chen Ping was actually unharmed, Zang Qing’s face became somewhat less impressive.
“This Chen Ping, his body is really strong ……”
Seeing Chen Ping stand up, Xing Jun couldn’t help but admire him.
“I just don’t believe it ……”
A cold aura flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes, followed by his body instantly turning into a golden light and arriving behind Zang Qing, then he smashed a fierce punch at Zang Qing’s back.
Hidden Qing had turned into a stone giant over ten metres tall, and although his size and strength had increased, his speed would definitely slow down a lot.
Chen Ping took advantage of this and got behind Zang Qing to sneak attack.
Clang!
Chen Ping’s fist went down and a shocking scene happened, only to see that Chen Ping’s fist smashed into Zang Qing’s back, not only did it not cause any damage to that Zang Qing, only to see that he was knocked out by a huge recoil force.
Chen Ping’s body was like a cannonball, instantly smashing into the ground!
The whole mountain began to tremble as Chen Ping’s body was set back into the mountain.
Zang Qing turned around and looked at Chen Ping with a sneer, “Haha, don’t waste your efforts, you can’t break this giant stone armour of mine ……”
Chen Ping regained his footing and gazed at Zang Qing, who was more than ten meters tall in front of him.
Frowning, he couldn’t figure out what this Zang Qing had done to these stones, why these stones were even harder than steel!
There was also a huge recoil, and this recoil did not come from that Tibetan green, but from which stones were on top.
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, then his body burst out here, and his golden fist blasted at Zang Qing with a devastating force.
Boom!
This time Zang Qing didn’t even move and took Chen Ping’s punch directly.
And once again, Chen Ping’s body was shaken and sent flying.
Chen Ping’s internal organs all began to tumble.
“Hahahaha, let’s see how many more punches your strength can sustain you with, and when your qi dries up, you’ll be at my mercy.”
Tibetan Qing laughed loudly.