Thinking of that villa worth hundreds of millions of dollars, and how she had even resented his family’s poverty at first, even when she was forced by her own father to find a job for Chen Ping, remembering all this, Sun Xiaomeng’s face burned even hotter!
That Wang Lanlan’s eyes were rounded as she looked at the back of Chen Ping’s car, until the tail lights were gone, Wang Lanlan’s eyes were still looking at the road leading to the top of the hill, without even blinking, the huge shock made Wang Lanlan directly freeze!
“Get them all out of here and don’t allow them to take a single step into the neighborhood in the future ……” the property manager ordered loudly!
A dozen security guards quickly drove Cui Zhiyuan and the others out. Because of the excitement, Cui Zhiyuan desperately wanted to go to the top of the hill to confirm whether Chen Ping was bragging or not, but only after receiving two strokes did he leave honestly!
After Chen Ping drove to the villa, he opened the door and found that the inside was still clean and spotless, so Su Yuqi should have sent someone to clean it. I’m afraid that if I went to say it at this time, my parents wouldn’t believe me!
Chen Ping sat on the sofa, took out the flesh ganoderma and put it on the coffee table, feeling the strong spiritual energy emanating from the flesh ganoderma, Chen Ping was excited inside!
This flesh ganoderma had become an ooze, which was rare to find in a thousand years, so hopefully after absorbing this flesh ganoderma, his realm could be raised a bit!
Now that Chen Ping had an excellent cultivation technique, the only thing he lacked to grow in strength was spiritual energy, but there was a lack of spiritual energy on Earth now, and only on top of a mountain like this could spiritual energy be abundant, so Chen Ping would need other means to grow in strength quickly!
After thinking for a while, Chen Ping put his mind at ease and began to slowly run his Heart Condensation Technique, and Chen Ping’s body was soon surrounded by a faint mist!
Seemingly sensing something, the fleshy lingzhi inside the gla*s jar twisted up frantically, as if it wanted to break through the jar and escape.
However, no matter how much it twisted, it was to no avail. Soon, the flesh ganoderma slowly stopped moving, and in a place that resembled an eye, a gas mixed with light pink rushed out and soon floated towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping slowly opened his mouth and sucked in with a slight force, the light pink gas suddenly accelerated in speed and was directly sucked into Chen Ping’s body, while the flesh lingzhi also shrank at a speed visible to the naked eye, the original somewhat pink and white, like the skin of a young girl, now also began to become wrinkled and dry!
Soon, the flesh ganoderma turned into a powder, and in the end, the powder was sucked into Chen Ping’s body, who sat on the sofa with his eyes slightly closed!
Time pa*sed, I don’t know how long it took, but when it was about to get dark, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes.
Chen Ping, who was full of joy, hurriedly explored his dantian, but at that moment, apart from the fact that his dantian was a little full of spiritual energy, Chen Ping’s realm had not improved!
“Ai …………”
Chen Ping heaved a sigh, and finally could only get up and leave the villa!
Chen Ping drove the wrecked Changan car out of Pan Long Bay, found a repair shop to put the car there, and Chen Ping took a taxi to prepare to go home!
But just as Chen Ping was waiting for a car at the roadside, a red BMW stopped in front of him, the window opened and Sun Xiaomeng poked her head out, “Chen Ping, where are you going? I’ll give you a lift …………”
Chen Ping was stunned, Sun Xiaomeng’s sudden attitude towards him made Chen Ping a bit uncomfortable!