Tang Hongying began to slowly talk about the year when she picked up Chen Ping, Tang Hongying talked a lot and Chen Ping listened very carefully!
Because he had already thought of it, Chen Ping’s expression didn’t change much!
“At that time, there was nothing on you, only such a jade pendant, and mum put it away for you!”
Tang Hongying said, opening the small wooden box, inside was an emerald green jade pendant with a hint of blood red in it!
Chen Ping took the jade pendant and held it in his hand, and immediately felt a warm current wrapping around his whole body, a comfortable feeling that there was no way to express in words!
It was as if this jade pendant was a part of his body, he could even sense the world within it, it was a feeling of being connected by blood!
“Son, this is the only thing your real parents left for you, it’s now given to you, as for the rest of the information, we don’t know anymore!”
Tang Hongying said indifferently, at this moment she was in a much calmer mood too!
Some things are not as bad as one might think when they are said openly!
“Chen Ping, if you want to find your real parents, we won’t stop you, after all, you also have the right to know who your real parents are!”
Chen Baoguo said to Chen Ping.
“Mom and Dad, don’t worry, I’m not going anywhere, I’m your son, I’ll never change ……”
Chen Ping said with a serious Yan Su’s face.
Seeing Chen Ping’s serious look, Chen Baoguo’s face also showed a pleased smile!
“Yes, you are my Chen Baoguo’s son, whoever dares to talk nonsense and call you a wild child again, I will fight him to the death!”
Chen Baoguo clenched his fists, if that Chen Baoqiang dared to say anything about Chen Ping at this time, it was estimated that Chen Baoguo would not hesitate to take action.
After the family chatted for a while, Chen Ping went back to his bedroom!
After returning to the bedroom, Chen Ping couldn’t wait to pick up the jade pendant and began to inject a trace of spiritual energy into it!
As soon as he got the jade pendant, Chen Ping felt that there were spiritual energy fluctuations in the jade pendant, as if something was sealed in the pendant!
But when Chen Ping injected his spiritual energy into the jade pendant, it was directly bounced back, there was actually a taboo in the jade pendant, which made Chen Ping feel a little strange!
So Chen Ping increased his spiritual energy, but no matter how hard he tried, he just couldn’t break through the taboo.
Looking at the jade pendant in his hand, Chen Ping was at a loss as to what to do!
He was sure that there was something in the jade pendant, but he still needed to inject his spiritual energy into it to find out what it was.
Just when Chen Ping was at a loss, he suddenly remembered a bridge he had often seen in TV dramas, the blood-drop recognition!
If this was the jade pendant left by his own parents, could it only be opened with his own blood?
Thinking of this, Chen Ping bit his finger and a drop of blood fell on top of the jade pendant!
The blood was instantly absorbed, and then the jade pendant suddenly glowed red, and the whole room was illuminated in red, followed by a muffled sound, and the jade pendant in Chen Ping’s hand was instantly turned into powder.
The woman was wearing an ancient white dress and her exquisite face was like a fairy in a painting!
When Chen Ping saw this woman, he had an inexplicable sense of familiarity, feeling particularly close, déjà vu …………
“Child, I didn’t expect you to be alive, it’s wonderful ……”
The woman’s eyes showed excitement.
“Who are you?” Chen Ping asked in a small voice.
“When you see me, you will definitely feel curious and scared, but you don’t need to be afraid, I won’t harm you, because I am your real mother, leaving you behind by yourself, in fact, I am really upset, but I can’t help it, or they will kill you …… ”
“Who are they?” Chen Ping frowned slightly.