“Since it’s a good opportunity, why don’t you make a move?”
Cai Qiannan, who was on the side, said!
It could be seen that Cai Qiannan had a problem with the fact that Sikong Zhen had just not dared to make a sound and had followed his own father to drive away the birds!
Sikong Zhen glanced at Cai Qiannan, then leapt out of the blimp and headed straight for the five-coloured bird!
“You girl, what are you talking nonsense about?”
When Cai Hongwei saw this, he was shocked and rushed out of the dirigible after him!
How to say that he had followed the Sikong family’s friendship, if Sikong Zhen had an accident, he wouldn’t be able to give a good account of it!
The moment Cai Hongwei and Sikong Zhen leapt out of the blimp, the tens of thousands of five-coloured birds transformed into a long sword, directly cutting through the giant net compiled by Miao Lao!
The giant net shattered, the spiritual energy instantly dissipated, and a mouthful of blood gushed out from Miao Lao!
A large number of five-coloured birds rushed towards Miao Lao!
“Old Miao ……”
When Cai Hongwei saw this, his heart was shocked!
He wanted to go forward to help Old Miao, but faced with so many five-coloured birds, Cai Hongwei still hesitated!
Sikong Zhen couldn’t even think about it, and when he realised that Elder Miao’s giant net had shattered and the birds were swarming around, he actually turned around and ran straight back.
“Grandpa …………”
Seeing this, Miao Miao wanted to rush out of the blimp, but was stopped by Chen Ping!
After stopping Miao Miao, Chen Ping leapt out in a single bound, and at the same time, with a flick of his palm, the Dragon Beheading Sword instantly appeared in his hand!
On the Dragon Beheading Sword, there was a slight flame emanating from it, and then it was swung forwards violently!
The breath of the sky mixed with the fire spread out like fireworks!
Generally, demonic beasts had a fear of flames!
So when Chen Ping chopped out his sword, the flames in the sky scattered in all directions, directly causing the swarming birds to stall for a moment!
It was during this lull that Chen Ping rushed to Miao Lao’s side and pulled him towards the blimp!
But those five-coloured birds reacted and chirped as they rushed over!
Cai Hongwei shouted angrily, his palms snapped together and a terrifying breath slapped forward!
This aura was like a tornado, instantly rushing into that flock of birds!
With this palm, hundreds of five-coloured birds were knocked down!
However, for the huge flock of birds, this was just a drop in the ocean, and could not stop the flock at all!
When Cai Hongwei still wanted to attack, he realised that the birds were already close at hand, and he was so scared that he hurriedly turned his head and ran!
Just as Chen Ping pulled Miao Lao into the airship, that Cai Hongwei also followed him in!
The flock of birds rushed to the front of the airship and there was no way they could advance in, the formation around the airship blocked those five-coloured birds from the outside!
“Dad, are you alright?” Cai Qiannan asked with concern.
“I’m fine, it was so close …………”
Cai Hongwei panted heavily!
“Just too close, luckily I reacted quickly.”
Sikong Zhen said with a nervous face!
Cai Qiannan blanked that Sikong Zhen a glance, this guy ran back the fastest, dangerous ah!
“Grandpa, grandpa …………”
Miao Miao looked at the pale old Miao and shouted worriedly!
“Let me take a look ……”
At this time, a middle-aged cultivator walked out from the crowd and said!
“Apothecary Chen, thank you, something must not happen to Old Miao.”
Cai Hongwei said to the middle-aged cultivator!
“Don’t worry, Elder Miao should have been shocked, it’s not a big problem.”
After saying that, that Apothecary Chen squatted down and started to examine that Old Miao!
After some inspection, that Pharmacist Chen, out of nowhere, took out a porcelain bottle and poured out two pills from it!
When the pills were poured out, the entire airship was instantly overflowing with medicinal fragrance!
Simply by smelling the aroma of the medicine, one could tell that the pills were good!
However, Chen Ping looked at the pills in that Apothecary Chen’s hand and frowned!
Just as the pharmacist was about to give the pill to Miao Lao, Chen Ping reached out to stop him, “This pill can’t be given to Miao Lao, Miao Lao’s body isn’t purely due to shock injuries. ……”