“This means that the inheritance above is crippled?” Chen Ping asked!
“Of course, if I were to perish, what you would receive would be the complete inheritance, now that I have not perished and you are not a disciple of the Wuji Sacred Sect, how could you receive the complete inheritance.”
The Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch explained!
“Then what is the use of this Wuji Order? Your Wuji Saint Sect has all been destroyed, leaving you as a bare-bones commander, where would I find you to do three things?”
Chen Ping was speechless!
This whatsoever Wuji Order, it is not useful at all!
It was not as affordable as that Immortal Qi Spiritual Liquid!
“Daring, since the old man has recovered, the Wuji Sacred Sect will surely regain its splendour, this Wuji Order is something that many people have been begging for, how dare you kid say it’s useless?”
The Patriarch of the Wuji Sacred Sect huffed.
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly apologised “Sorry, I’m shallow ……”
Chen Ping did not understand how these people from the Immortal Realm all had quite explosive tempers.
That Fire Spirit Star Sovereign also left at the drop of a hat!
Chen Ping was afraid that this Wuji Sacred Sect’s Patriarch would also gamble and leave, and he would even more get nothing!
“Senior, since you said that I can approach your Wuji Sacred Sect to do three things, can I do one first now?”
Chen Ping asked!
“Do what?” The Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch was stunned!
“I’m being chased by someone, you first destroy the person who is chasing me, that’s that Demon Sealing Alliance, all the people from the Demon Sealing Alliance, destroy them all.”
“Anyway, this Heavenly Human Realm was all opened up by your Wuji Sacred Sect, and you are considered to be the master of the Heavenly Human Realm, so you can do this with a wave of your hand!”
Chen Ping said to the Patriarch of the Wuji Sacred Sect.
Chen Ping was distracted by that Demon Sealing Alliance, so it was just the right time to have this opportunity to directly destroy the Demon Sealing Alliance, so that it would be clean in the future!
The Patriarch of the Wuji Holy Sect blankly glanced at Chen Ping and said as if he was looking at a fool “Although this Celestial Realm is a world opened up by my Wuji Holy Sect, I cannot meddle in the affairs of the Celestial Realm.”
“This is the Way of Heaven, it’s not like I created the world and I can change it at will or even make it disappear.”
“It would be fine if it was a spatial secret realm, this is a world, and I don’t have the means to disobey the Heavenly Dao yet.”
“Although you are as weak as ants in front of me, I cannot change the fate of you ants.”
Chen Ping listened to the words of the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch and also seemed to understand a little!
Looking at Chen Ping’s expression, the Wuji Sacred Sect Sovereign continued “The Sovereign who controls the universe and the stars and rivers, a single sneeze from him can cause countless dimensional worlds to collapse, not to mention this small Celestial Realm.”
“Yet he can’t do that, the Heavenly Dao reincarnates, all things must abide by it, it is precisely because this Celestial Realm was opened up by my Wuji Sacred Sect that we can’t meddle in the affairs of the Celestial Realm.”
After the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch finished speaking, his figure suddenly disappeared!
The entire hall was empty, even the cushion had disappeared!
“How can you just leave when you say you’re leaving? I haven’t finished asking questions yet!”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while.
“Is your kid’s head kicked by a donkey?”
It was only at this moment that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch dared to speak!
“What’s wrong?” Chen Ping did not understand why this fellow cursed the moment he opened his mouth!
“The Wuji Sacred Sect Sovereign gave you the Wuji Order and promised you to help you with three things, and you even let him destroy that whatsoever Demon Sealing Alliance?”
“Are you stupid?”
“This is like a ten billionaire promising to do three things for you, and you even let him buy your breakfast first?”
“Do you have your head up your arse?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch was about to be infuriated by Chen Ping!
“So what should I do? It’s not like I can deal with the Demon Sealing Alliance right now.”
Chen Ping said!
“You help me collect all the corpses and bones, and when I recover my flesh, I’ll stomp my feet and help you destroy it.”
“You’re really hitting mosquitoes with an anti-aircraft gun, what kind of Demon Sealing Alliance does it need to get a hand from the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch?”
“Where do you let the old face of the Wuji Sacred Sect Patriarch go?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord was speechless for a while!