Ge Jiayi’s face changed as she knew that she had decided that she would not be a match for Long Xiao!
Martial Marquis and Grand Martial Marquis, a big realm upgrade, that was a world of difference.
Just as Long Xiao was about to make a move against Ge Jiayi, a ma*sive Qi attacked and instantly enveloped Long Xiao’s body!
“A big man, yet you lay hands on a woman and still a child, you’re really shameless ……”
With that, Ning Zhi’s figure leapt up and then landed steadily by Ge Jiayi’s side.
“Miss Ge, don’t be afraid, with me around, no one can hurt you ……”
Ning Zhi said to Ge Jiayi in a very gentlemanly manner.
Ge Jiayi looked at Ning Zhi with disgust in her eyes as well, and without saying anything, turned her head and walked into the crowd!
“Ning Zhi, you don’t have to be a f*cking phony, trying to come to some hero’s rescue, can’t you see that people don’t even care about you, don’t take yourself seriously ……”
Long Xiao said with a sneer on his face.
“You and I are just equal, but I have more brains than you, only a brainless guy like you would take the initiative to follow the Martial Alliance against you, only then would you think that you are invincible in the world because you are a Great Martial Marquis ……”
“It’s a joke, the world is so big, what can you, a small Grand Martial Marquis, count for? Insightless thing ……”
Ning Zhi had seen the Martial Alliance’s top bra*s meeting with his own eyes, not to mention what kind of strength that great power was, just the strength of those black silver robes and black gold robes alone was quite a bit more wall-to-wall than the black bronze robes!
Maybe those black silver robes and black bronze robes, there are also great martial marquis among them, just that people do not show their faces ……
“I think it is you who has not seen anything, you have just stepped into the Great Martial Marquis, just because you have the ability to fight against me?”
“Although you and I are both newly promoted Grand Martial Marquis, you are far inferior to me, I can defeat you with just one hand ……”
Long Xiao snorted coldly, his eyes filled with disdain.
He was a Great Martial Marquis who had pa*sed the lightning tribulation early, following Ning Zhi was different, and Ning Zhi was certainly no match.
“Hahahaha, you are really able to brag, you want to defeat me with two arms, unfortunately do you have them? One of your arms was chopped off by Chen Ping and you’re in this shape, and you still dare to be so arrogant!”
Ning Zhi laughed loudly, which caused Long Xiao’s face to become even more ugly.
At this moment, in a corner of the grandstand, Chen Ping was staring at Ning Zhi and Long Xiao, and beside Chen Ping sat Zhao Beng, Xiao Ru, Gu Ling’er and the others!
Chen Ping went through a simple disguise to avoid being recognised.
“Brother Chen, who do you think can win with these two guys?”
At this moment, Zhao Barging asked in a small voice.
Chen Ping did not speak, but instead a light kept flickering up in his eyes!
Chen Ping had no way to use his divine sense to probe, as long as Chen Ping moved his divine sense, he believed that Ning Zhi and Long Xiao would immediately detect him.
A moment later, Chen Ping spoke, “Then Long Xiao will win ……”
“Why?” Zhao Beng asked curiously.
“No need to ask, just watch carefully ……”
Chen Ping said, and in did not open his mouth.
And at this time on the martial arts arena, Ning Zhi and Long Xiao had already drawn swords!
“Ning Zhi, today I will let you know where the gap lies when you are both newly promoted Grand Martial Marquis ……”
As Long Xiao finished speaking, the aura on his body instantly exploded, followed by a leap, a terrifyingly powerful aura that drove straight towards Ning Zhi!
“Is this the might of a Grand Martial Marquis?”
Many people felt the aura on Long Xiao’s body, and one by one, their faces showed surprise!
Faced with Long Xiao’s attack, Ning Zhi also went all out, directly exploding the most powerful aura within his body instantly!
The two auras clashed together one after another, and the heavens and earth instantly changed colour as a burst of explosions rang out and the entire earth trembled!
Two Great Martial Marquis exchanged blows, a scene that not just anyone would have the chance to see.
Rumble …………
The star river shook, the great dao roared ……