So Chen Ping emphasized this again, also to rea*sure Zheng An Guo!
“That’s such a pity, I was hoping that Mr. Chen could play in South Lake for two more days, but as long as Mr. Chen has time, he can come to South Lake anytime ……”
“Our South Lake is located at the border, but the scenery is not bad, it’s just that the resources are a bit worse!”
Zheng Anguo’s mouth said it was a pity, but his face was already happy!
Regardless of what Chen Ping had come to South Lake for, Chen Ping’s arrival had indeed caused Zheng Anguo a lot of pressure on his heart.
“Master Zheng Family, I have one thing that I don’t know if I should say it ……”
Chen Ping said.
“Mr. Chen and I are still polite, feel free to speak, I will tell you the truth as long as I know it.”
Zheng Anguo said with conviction.
“Zheng family master, like the South Lake resources are so scarce, your Zheng family has a foothold in the South Lake, how do you cultivate? I heard that the Zheng Family Master drew on the entire city’s power of creation to cultivate.”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
Seeing Chen Ping ask such a question, Zheng Anguo burst into a loud laugh.
“Hahahaha, Mr. Chen actually believes in such rumours, how can I, Zheng Anguo, have the virtue to absorb the power of creation of an entire city.”
“The ones rumoured by the crowd are all false, I am merely borrowing my status and can absorb some of the people’s power of faith!”
“As the city lord of the entire South Lake City, it is still possible for me to have every family make offerings to my statue.”
“Moreover, our ancestors also pa*sed down a set of gong methods that can rely on the faith power of the people to cultivate, but these are just a drop in the bucket.”
“If I really want to improve my strength, I still have to rely on a large amount of resources. If I could really absorb the power of creation of the entire city, why would I be nestled in this tiny South Lake now!”
Zheng An Guo followed Chen Ping and explained.
“The power of faith ……”
Chen Ping suddenly understood, it seems that this Zheng family’s technique is similar to the Blood Demon in Penglai Island, that Blood Demon also relied on the people to offer the statue and absorb the spiritual power in the people’s body!
However, Chen Ping did not quite agree with Zheng An Guo’s claim that the power of faith did not work and was only a drop in the bucket!
The reason why Zheng An Guo felt that the power of faith was of little use was because South Lake was too small, the population base was small, plus the people did not necessarily have much faith in Zheng An Guo, that was why Zheng An Guo felt that it was of little use!
What if it was the concentrated power of faith from the people of a large city? What if it was a country?
What if it was the whole world?
With such a large base, the power of faith would certainly be terrifying!
It was just that it would be an extremely difficult thing to get so many people to believe in oneself.
But at this moment, Chen Ping had already developed an interest in such a gong method!
Just as Chen Ping was following Zheng Anguo’s idle chatter, Zhou Jie had returned to the Demon Spirit Sect!
“Vice-Lord Song, it’s not good, it’s not good ……”
After Zhou Jie returned to the Demon Spirit Sect, he found Song Qingping.
“Zhou Jie, what’s wrong?”
Song Qingping said with a slight frown.
“Mr. Chen has been captured by Zheng Kai, the Zheng family’s grandson ……”
“You should quickly think of a way to save him!”
Zhou Jie said.
“Captured by the Zheng family’s people? Why did they capture him?”
Song Qingping asked with a puzzled look on his face.
Zhou Jie could only tell the story of the conflict that followed Zheng Kai, but did not say anything about Hu Ma Zi taking advantage of himself.
“This Zheng family’s grandson, he’s really stupid, he even dares to catch Chen Ping ……”
Song Qingping said with a faint smile.
“Vice Lord Song, hurry up and send someone to save Mr. Chen, aren’t we going to cooperate with him?”
Zhou Jie saw that Song Qingping was not even in the least bit anxious and was still smiling, and said with some confusion.
“Don’t worry, that Chen Ping will be fine, if he can’t even handle a small Zheng family, then what’s the point of us working with him!”
“He will definitely be fine, I guess it’s the Zheng family that will be unlucky.”
“You should go back now, or else he won’t be able to open the Secret Realm Gate by himself.”
Song Qingping said with a calm face.