The Demon Whip was directly hitting the demonic cultivator’s divine sense, so the demonic cultivator only felt a stabbing pain inside his brain!
Seeing that the demonic cultivator’s mind was destabilised by the Demon Whip for a while, Chen Ping directly took out his Dragon Sword!
With the Dragon Sword in his hand, it emitted a golden light!
The golden light instantly filled the air!
Taking advantage of his illness, Chen Ping still knew that!
When dealing with this kind of demonic cultivator, Chen Ping would not talk about fairness and justice!
A golden sword awn instantly headed towards that demonic cultivator!
“Kid, do you think that you can defeat me just because you have a Demon Drawing Whip?”
That demonic cultivator shouted angrily, and his entire body unexpectedly burst into flames!
Soon, that devil cultivator’s entire body turned into a ball of supreme fire and directly met Chen Ping’s Dao Sword Manifestation!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, it seemed that with his Transition Realm 1st Grade strength, even if he had a divine weapon in his hand, it would be almost impossible for him to exterminate a Transition Realm 7th Grade cultivator!
After all, the difference in strength was too great, and these Transitional Apparition Realm seventh grade great cultivators simply didn’t put him in their eyes!
Boom boom boom …………
Accompanied by a loud explosion, the sword awn that Chen Ping wielded, followed by that demonic cultivator ruthlessly clashed together!
The flames around the demonic cultivator were like a shield, blocking all of the sword awnings!
Chen Ping looked at the demonic cultivator, who came as a ball of flame, and began to continuously retreat backwards with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand!
“Chen Ping ……”
When Bai Shao saw this, she was shocked, but she was entangled by a demonic cultivator and could not get out of the way to save Chen Ping!
She saw that Chen Ping was about to be hit hard!
Suddenly there was a miserable cry!
For a moment, Chen Ping and the demonic cultivator were all stunned!
Immediately after that, the two of them looked over and realised that the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder had already slapped the demonic cultivator who was against him, and crushed his head with a slap!
“How is it possible, that is also the seventh rank of the Transition Realm, how could he have such strength?”
The two remaining demonic cultivators were all filled with shock!
They were also both at the seventh rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm, and so was the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder!
But this had only just been a fight together, and someone on their side had their head smashed by the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder with a slap!
This was too outrageous!
These demonic cultivators simply didn’t know that the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder had passed through the Demonic Apocalypse Cloud, and even though he was at the same Transition Realm’s seventh grade realm, his true strength was much stronger than theirs.
“Dare to disrespect Mr Chen, I want your life!”
After killing that demonic cultivator, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder came straight towards this demonic cultivator who was following Chen Ping in the battle!
This demonic cultivator was startled and hurriedly waved out a flame!
The Devil Mountain Ghost Elder swung his palms, and that flame was directly crushed, and an endless gust of wind sprang up, directly extinguishing the flame that was burning on that devil cultivator’s body!
“Mr Chen, you go save the people, leave this place to me ……”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, he knew the strength of the Devil Mountain Ghost Elder, these devil cultivators were no match at all!
With his divine sense spread out, Chen Ping quickly found the place where Sheng Bushi was being held!
He then quickly headed towards the place where Sheng Bushi was being held!
The remaining two demonic cultivators simply could not spare a hand to stop Chen Ping!
Soon after, Chen Ping arrived at a stone house and opened the forbidding system of the stone house, then released Sheng Bushi and Sheng Jiayue!
“Mr Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping, Sheng Bushi’s face was filled with excitement!
Luckily, he understood the look in Chen Ping’s eyes as he was leaving, which allowed Chen Ping to quickly find the place where he was being held!
“Sheng family master, go to the front yard and help, the Sheng family has already fought after the Ye family, you guys go over there and have an extra strength!”
“You guys can fight and retreat at the same time, don’t follow the Ye family to entangle yourselves.”
Chen Ping said to Sheng Bushi!
Chen Ping knew that the Sheng family was much weaker than the Ye family, and if they fought for a long time, they would definitely lose!
Once Sheng Bushi heard that the entire Sheng Family actually dared to forcefully attack the Ye Family in order to save themselves, he was immediately moved!
“Okay, I will go over right away.” Sheng Bushi nodded, then turned to Chen Ping and asked “Mr Chen, where else are you going?”
Chen Ping glanced in the direction of the Sacred Pool and revealed a cold smile “I’m going to the Ye Family’s Sacred Pool to take a look ……”