“Mr. Chen, do you have something to instruct us to do when you come to the Dong family?”
Dong Liqun knew that Chen Ping must have something to explain when he came to the Dong Clan!
Chen Ping nodded, “Master Dong Clan, tomorrow I will go to the martial arts arena to meet with Long Xiao and exchange Long Jingguo for Xiao Ru back, I am afraid that that Long Xiao will not keep his word, so I want to lend the Dong Clan’s hand to spread the news.”
“When the day of the exchange, many martial arts colleagues will go there, I believe that Long Xiao will not dare to play tricks in front of everyone!”
“What? Xiao Ru was actually captured by that grandson of Long Xiao?”
When Dong Jiahao heard this, he was instantly furious!
“Mr. Chen, don’t worry, I will definitely take care of this matter.”
Dong Liqun nodded his head!
“There is one more thing, and that is for the clan families that have offended me to come and thank the Dong Family themselves, I will sit at the Dong Family today and wait for those clan families and tell them that they only have one day!”
“After today, what awaits them is the extermination of their clans ……”
Chen Ping said with a murderous aura in his eyes.
Feeling the murderous aura on Chen Ping’s body, Dong Liqun couldn’t help but feel his body tremble!
However, he knew that the reason why Chen Ping was doing this was because he was backing up the Dong family.
With the situation in the martial arts world in Kyoto today, the Dong family was isolated and would sooner or later become the mouth of many sects and families in the future!
And by acting in such a high profile this time, Chen Ping was also taking the opportunity to warn those clans and families not to hit the Dong Family!
Soon, the news that Chen Ping was still alive and had returned to Kyoto spread through the martial arts forums!
The black-robed man who had destroyed thirteen clans and families was Chen Ping!
This caused many clans and families who had targeted Chen Ping to be terrified!
“This Chen Ping is too bullish to have exterminated thirteen clan families in a row ……”
“At first, there was still speculation that the black-robed man was Fan Jiang, no one would have thought that it was Chen Ping!”
“Just wait, in the Kyoto martial arts world, I’m afraid that another clan and family will be unlucky!”
The crowd chattered, while many clan families prepared generous gifts and set foot in the Dong family, following Chen Ping to make amends!
After all, with the previous experience of those clans and families, no one wanted to mess with Chen Ping, the fierce star!
…………
Inside the Martial Arts Union!
Long Xiao found Zhu Zhishan in a frenzy.
“Master Zhu, that Chen Ping has advanced the time of the exchange, and has also published the address, there will definitely be many people going to the martial arts arena tomorrow, what should we do?”
Long Xiao asked with some anxiety.
Originally, he had planned to make a move against Chen Ping at the martial arts arena, so even if there were people in the know going there, there wouldn’t be too many.
But this time, Chen Ping had directly stirred up the matter, so there was no telling how many people would be there by then!
If they were to make a move against Chen Ping, then the Martial Arts Alliance would have to be verbally attacked by the people of the martial arts world.
“Let’s stick to the plan tomorrow, things have come this far, killing Chen Ping is the key, as for public opinion, we’ll suppress it strongly when the time comes!”
Zhu Zhishan had already made the arrangements, and the four black bronze robed experts were all set up, it was impossible to change them on the fly!
“Then how sure are you of killing that Chen Ping?”
Long Xiao asked.
“One hundred percent, with the four black bronze robed experts, that Chen Ping cannot escape, this time I will watch him die with my own eyes ……”
Zhu Zhishan said with a slight gaze of confidence in his eyes.
Long Xiao was slightly relieved, after following Chen Ping in a battle and being hung by Chen Ping, Long Xiao was inwardly a little afraid of Chen Ping!
“Before killing Chen Ping, in order to shut up the official’s mouth, I feel the need to make a trip to Mr. Shi, so that the official can punish Chen Ping.”
“After all, that Chen Ping destroyed more than ten sects and families, so no matter what grudges they have, they should not change to do so.”
At this time, Ning Zhi slowly walked in from outside and said.
“That Mr. Shi follows Chen Ping in the same trousers, how could he possibly punish that Chen Ping?”
Zhu Zhishan said.