Four Grand Masters and one Patriarch, the combined power of the four of them was not to be underestimated!
The four sword maces enveloped towards Qian Feng, while that Bai Zhan Tang took out a folding fan and gently pressed it, several sharp maces shot out!
By this time, everyone had brought out their crushing skills, originally this was Bai Zhan Tang’s life-preserving concealed weapon, at this moment the first time he brought it out!
“Humph …………”
Qian Feng coldly snorted, with a casual wave of his hand, he actually directly grabbed the four sword arrows, and violently broke the swords in the hands of the four elders, and then with a casual wave of his hand, the four elders flew out!
Qian Feng’s other hand also waved, and all the concealed weapons shot out by Bai Zhan Tang were surprisingly caught by Qian Feng.
“A mere concealed weapon, you want to hurt me too?” Qian Feng snorted coldly in disdain and slapped out his palm, directly sending Bai Zhan Tang flying!
The four elders and Bai Zhan Tang were unexpectedly unable to defeat even one move and were seriously injured!
After injuring the four elders and Bai Zhan Tang, Qian Feng didn’t strike again, but turned his gaze towards Shen Mengchen!
“Younger sister is really pretty looking, I wonder how Master will behave after knowing that you are in my hands!”
Qian Feng walked towards Shen Mengchen with a fierce smile on his face!
Shen Mengchen was terrified and hid tightly behind Xu Shimao!
Xu Shimao looked at Qian Feng with an ugly face and said, “I am the captain of the Kyoto Protector Court, if you kill me, do you know what the consequences will be?”
“Hahahaha, are you threatening me? Let me tell you, soon my Five Poison Technique will be completed, so what can I do then even if Zhao Wuji comes? I will be afraid of a Guardian Pavilion like you!”
Qian Feng laughed loudly, still walking towards Shen Mengchen!
Seeing this, Xu Shimao gritted his teeth, endured the severe pain and swung a fist towards Qian Feng!
Qian Feng casually slapped Xu Shimao aside and watched as Qian Feng grabbed Shen Mengchen!
“b*****d, you let go of me, let go of me …………”
Shen Mengchen struggled desperately, but to no avail!
“Little sister, don’t worry, I won’t hurt you, as long as you are good and obedient …………”
Qian Feng said, reaching out to rip the clothes off Shen Mengchen’s body with one hand.
He was going to take a few pictures and send them to Shen Dianshan so that he could put that Shen Dianshan in his place!
But just as Qian Feng was about to rip off Shen Mengchen’s clothes, he suddenly felt dizzy and let go of Shen Mengchen’s hand!
Shen Mengchen was so frightened that she hurriedly ran to Bai Zhan Tang’s side, looking at Qian Feng in horror.
“There’s no need to be afraid, schoolmate, he’s been hit by my poison needle, he won’t survive …………”
When Bai Zhan Tang saw Qian Feng’s appearance, he said with an excited look on his face!
It turns out that those concealed weapons that Bai Zhan Tang just shot were just a cover, in which there was a poison needle as thin as a cow’s hair, if you don’t identify it carefully you can’t see it at all, the other concealed weapons were just a blindfold!
The other concealed weapons were just a blindfold! This poison needle, as thin as a cow’s hair, was Bai Zhantang’s real killing move!
As soon as several people heard this, they all looked surprised and excited as they watched that Qian Feng staggering, once Qian Feng was dead, they would be safe too!
Soon, Qian Feng sat down on the ground, legs crossed, his eyes coldly looked at Bai Zhan Tang: “You forget that I am the righteous son of the Miao Village Poison King, a poison needle, how can it kill me, when I force the poison out, I will make your life worse than death ……”
The first thing you need to do is to take out a porcelain vase from your body, and when you open it, there is a bug that is turquoise in color and the size of a fingernail, and without the slightest hesitation, you swallow the bug in one bite!
“This is a drug addiction bug, soon the poison inside my body will be sucked clean by it …………”
Qian Feng slightly closed his eyes and sat motionless up!
Now is the best time to strike at Qian Feng, but several people are all injured, simply not able to launch an attack, and Shen Mengchen an ordinary girl, even more impossible to hurt that Qian Feng!