But those four guys had no intention of letting Ruyan Liu go, each one occupying a direction, and no matter what direction Ruyan Liu turned to, someone was taking off their clothes!
Seeing this, Liu Ruyan simply closed her eyes!
And Chen Ping’s face turned gloomy when he saw that these four shameless guys were doing such a thing!
Chen Ping slowly got up and walked towards the outside of the formation step by step!
Several people were overjoyed to see that Chen Ping had actually walked out of the formation!
“Kid, you really have a lot of guts, a mere second rank realm of the Harmony Realm, and you dare to walk out of the formation and face a few of us.”
The fifth ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm sneered!
“You could have lived, but instead you sought death ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his figure abruptly disappeared, and without knowing when, he had already arrived in front of that fifth ranked cultivator of the Combined Body realm!
Immediately afterwards, Chen Ping grabbed that cultivator’s neck with one hand, as if he was grabbing a small chicken!
That fifth ranked cultivator of the Combined Body realm, in Chen Ping’s hands, had no ability to resist!
“You …………”
The fifth ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm was filled with shock and looked at Chen Ping incredulously.
While Chen Ping was not giving him a chance to speak, a Supreme Fire struck into that cultivator’s lower body and instantly burnt up!
Since these shameless guys could do something like taking off their clothes in public, Chen Ping let them experience what it was like to be burned by the flames!
Soon, the fire burned so brightly that the fifth ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm screamed in agony, but was soon reduced to a pile of ashes!
When the others saw this, they were directly dumbfounded!
How could they have ever imagined that a Fifth Grade Harmony Realm cultivator would be easily killed by a Second Grade Harmony Realm cultivator!
This was simply terrifying!
“Supreme Fire, I remember now, he used Supreme Fire ……”
“Demon Supreme Fire, he’s a demon cultivator ……”
Finally, among these few people, someone recognized Chen Ping’s Supreme Flame!
Hearing the words Demon Supreme Flame, several cultivators turned pale with fear and turned around to run!
But they could not outrun Chen Ping’s Supreme Flame!
Chen Ping’s fingertips moved, and three flames of fire arrived in an instant, landing on the three cultivators!
The flames were burning so fiercely that no matter how hard they struggled, it was useless!
The cultivators could only watch as they were burnt to death, their consciousness fading away!
They couldn’t understand how Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the second rank of the Harmony Realm, could be so powerful even if he was a demon cultivator!
Soon, several of the cultivators were burnt to ashes and blown away by a gust of wind, as if they had never been here before!
Chen Ping spread his divine sense outwards for a few miles, and did not find any other cultivators before he entered the formation with confidence, and then slowly recovered!
I don’t know how long it took, but suddenly there was a cloud in the sky, and lightning flashed in the cloud!
Chen Ping tilted his head and found that it was actually a small cloud of thunder tribulation!
It was very small, but it was good enough to produce a thundercloud!
At this point, the tile jar had stopped absorbing and the aura was constantly surrounding his body!
“To break through a small realm and actually produce a thunder tribulation cloud, it’s really not bad ……”
Liu Ruyan was also envious when she saw this situation!
Suddenly, lightning instantly struck down within the thundercloud, erupting with a rumbling sound!
The thunderbolt was like a sharp sword, coming straight for the tile jar with an endless aura!
And Chen Ping and Liu Ruyan could only watch, but they couldn’t help in the slightest!
You know the chances of being able to produce a thundercloud at a small realm breakthrough are slim to none, and that’s a rare thing!
Now it was up to Tile Jar’s body to resist!
The tile jar also seemed to feel the power of the thundercloud, as the muscles on his body began to bulge and his entire skin turned bronze, as if he had been tanned!
Rumble …………
Lightning struck the tile tank’s body fiercely, countless tiny currents visible to the naked eye, weaving through the tile tank’s body!
The tile tank’s expression became painfully hideous as he clenched his teeth to death.