Hearing that one-eyed man talk about the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, the green-clothed man’s face instantly became even more ugly!
However, he still forced down the panic in his heart and said in a calm manner “Fellow Daoist, this Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng was used to save my master, I can’t give it to you.”
“I can give you spirit coins, or other immortal herbs will do!”
“Cut the crap, we only want the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, spirit coins are of no use, in the depths of this Heavenly Demon Mountain, there’s no place to spend them even if you have them.”
“Now obediently hand over the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng, I can let you two go, if you don’t hand it over, then don’t blame me for not being polite.”
“It just so happens that this little senior sister of yours is very cute looking, these brothers of mine haven’t played with women for a long time.”
The one-eyed man looked at the green-clothed woman with a few hints of greed in his eyes!
“Hahaha …………”
The other few people also looked at that woman in green and laughed out loud!
The man in green wasn’t speaking, but from around his body, a peculiar aura was slowly spreading! . .ℤ
The aura was very special, with a kind of soul-stirring feeling!
The one-eyed man didn’t seem to notice the aura at all, and even looked at the green-clothed man with a cold smile on his face!
The man’s brows were slightly wrinkled, and cold sweat was even breaking out on his forehead, as that peculiar aura became even more intense, spreading even further out in all directions!
But the few people in front of the one-eyed man did not seem to be affected in the slightest!
And at this moment, Chen Ping, who was rushing on his way, suddenly had a burst of his body, and his entire heart directly tightened, as if his soul had been knocked heavily!
“Mr Chen, what a peculiar aura, I feel like I can’t control myself.”
Ochre Yan said in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Ochre Yan himself was a remnant soul, and now it seemed as if he was suddenly bound by someone who wanted to pull him out of Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Chen Ping frowned slightly as golden light flashed in his sea of consciousness, directly smashing that strange aura!
However, that strange feeling just now made Chen Ping instantly alert!
He had never encountered such a special aura before!
Moreover, this aura did not seem to be dangerous, but it made the soul deep within one’s heart seem to be hit!
Just now, Chen Ping’s soul, almost uncontrollably detached itself from his body, as if something was summoning the soul!
“What a peculiar aura, go and see what’s going on ……”
Chen Ping was very curious inwardly, so he followed that aura in pursuit!
However, with the prepared Chen Ping, his divine soul was incomparably powerful, and this peculiar aura was no longer able to deal a heavy blow to Chen Ping’s soul!
After carefully tracing for some distance, Chen Ping soon found the man and woman who were surrounded!
Since Chen Ping did not know what the other party was, he did not move, but quietly observed!
However, these people were all Demon Cultivators, Chen Ping could tell at a glance!
At this moment, the man in green had already been sweating profusely and his body was trembling slightly!
It looked like he had already reached his limit, but the few people in front of him were still unmoved!
“Hahaha, you don’t have to presume to control our souls and then well escape, against you Soul Demon Sect people, how could we not be prepared!”
Saying that, the one-eyed man pulled out a bead that was only the size of his thumb from his pocket!
Immediately after, the other four people also took out an identical bead, then showed it off in front of the easy man!
Seeing the beads in the hands of the several people, the green-clothed man’s face was hard to see!
“Soul Fixing Beads? How did you guys have so many Soul Fixing Beads?”
The man in green asked with an ugly face!
“Guess ……” the one-eyed man grinned!
“Could it be that there is a traitor within our Soul Demon Sect that gave you the Soul Fixing Beads?”
The man in green said with a look of exasperation!
“You guessed correctly, but even if you knew there was a traitor in your Soul Demon Sect, what could you do? You guys are going to die soon!”
The one-eyed man laughed out loud!