Xing Mansion!
Chen Ping changed his clothes, looked at his resources, and couldn’t help but sigh!
Although he had broken through to the Mahayana realm, he had consumed very little of the hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Even the Immortal Spirit Stones from that Luo Tower, Chen Ping had consumed most of them!
A single Mahayana realm consumed so many resources, what if this is to be done in the future?
By the time he advanced to the Immortalization Realm, he would not even know if there were enough resources in the entire Celestial Realm for him to use!
“It seems that in the future, I have to seize the time to collect resources before I can ……”
Chen Ping muttered somewhat helplessly!
“Mr. Chen, what did you say?”
Bai Cheng did not hear clearly and asked!
“Oh, nothing, go tell General Xing that I need to go out of the city!”
Chen Ping planned to go to the Immortal Spirit Stone vein to have a look, it had also been a few days and a batch of Immortal Spirit Stones should have been mined as well!
“Mr. Chen, if you go out of the city now, you must be careful not to be discovered by that Qiu Fu’s people.”
Bai Cheng reminded Chen Ping!
“I understand!”Chen Ping nodded and then left the Xing Mansion!
Chen Ping lightly arrived at the hilltop and looked at the cliff in front of him, as long as he jumped down, he would be able to discover the entrance to the mineral vein!
And at this moment, on the hilltop, a simple building had been erected, this should be what that Qian Yue had erected!
Chen Ping walked towards that building!
“Chen Ping ……”
Qian Yue walked out of that building just in time to see Chen Ping, his eyes were filled with a touch of excitement, when he saw that Chen Ping had surprisingly risen from the Ferrying Realm to the Mahayana Realm, Qian Yue obviously froze for a moment!
“You actually broke through to the Mahayana realm, how marvelous!”
Qian Yue complimented Chen Ping!
“It’s only just a breakthrough ……”
Chen Ping smiled modestly and then asked, “Uncle Qian, how is the mining of Immortal Spirit Stones going?”
“I’ve found quite a few hands in the past few days, and have already mined out a batch of them, they’re all stored inside the cave, do you want to take a look and go?”
Qian Yue said!
“Yes!”Chen Ping nodded, then looked around and asked, “Uncle Qian, where is Missy and the others? Are they also mining within the vein?”
“Yes!”Chen Ping nodded, then looked around and asked, “Uncle Qian, where is Missy and the others? Could it be that they are also mining within the vein?”
“No, they probably went to play nearby, the matter of mining Immortal Spirit Stones does not use them yet.”
Qian Yue said with a smile!
Chen Ping also did not get suspicious, and followed Qian Yue as he leaped down, then entered the vein!
But just after walking into the vein, Chen Ping directly stopped and looked around with his eyes, his brows slightly furrowed!
Looking at Chen Ping’s expression, Qian Yue’s heart thumped.
“What’s wrong?”Qian Yue asked in a low voice!
“Oh, nothing!”Chen Ping shook his head!
Seeing Chen Ping say so, Qian Yue secretly breathed a sigh of relief!
But just after taking two steps, Chen Ping stopped once again, his eyes once again looking around!
Qian Yue froze, then stood at Chen Ping’s side, his eyes constantly turning as if he was thinking about something!
“Uncle Qian, in the past few days while I was gone, you weren’t looking for other people to come here, were you?”
“And these cultivators you found to mine Immortal Spirit Stones, are they all reliable?”
Chen Ping asked to that Qian Yue!
“Reliable, the people I found are definitely reliable, and I’m definitely not talking to anyone else about what happened here.”
“Could it be that you don’t believe me?”
Qian Yue pretended to be a little angry and said!
“Brother-in-law, you’re here, we’ve mined out a few hundred Immortal Spirit Stones in the past few days, we’re rich!”
At this time, the youngest sister brother came out from the cave, after seeing Chen Ping, full of excitement said!
Seeing the youngest sister’s brother, Chen Ping’s just vigilant expression, also relaxed a lot!
“Xiong broad has come, right?”
Chen Ping asked to the youngest sister’s brother!
“Came over, he said that there were some things to do, took that Xiong Ying and left, it is estimated that he will be able to come back in a few days.”
“When I left, I also gave them ten Immortal Spirit Stones, which can be exchanged for quite a lot of money.”
“After all, this Immortal Spirit Stone vein was discovered by them, and it’s only right that there must be a share for them now as well.”
Brother Missy nodded and said!