“Duke Lu, how are you talking, Mr. Chen is not being nice, why are you asking this!”
Said Hou Zhen from the side!
Lv Factory didn’t even look at that Hou Zhen, his eyes were staring deadly at Chen Ping, his face full of incredulity, “You went after that Flaming Tiger and entered the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountain Range, didn’t you encounter any danger? What about the Flaming Tiger?”
Lv Factory was now curious as to what had happened to Chen Ping when he had entered the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountain Range, and how had he come out safely?
With Chen Ping’s strength, it would be almost impossible to rush out from the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountain Range!
But now the truth was right in front of him, Chen Ping was standing in front of him in good health, which was why Lv factory was so surprised and curious!
“Factory Lu, you and Chen Ping know each other?” Han Qing’er asked, full of surprise.
“En, we’ve met a few times, and we’ve met in the secular world!”
Lv Factory nodded and said!
“Duke Lu, I only chased after him for a short distance, I didn’t go too deep and came out soon, so I wasn’t injured!”
Chen Ping explained with a faint smile!
As for subduing the Flaming Tiger, there was no way he could say anything about it now!
The Flaming Tiger was now Chen Ping’s killer weapon, and could only be revealed when it mattered most!
“No wonder, almost none of those who had entered the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountain Range had come out alive, and even if they did, they were severely injured!”
Hearing that Chen Ping hadn’t gone deeper into the Demonic Beast Mountain Range, Lv Fang understood why Chen Ping was still alive!
After saying that, Lv Factory took Han Qing’er’s hand and said, “Qing’er, let’s go quickly, Uncle Han and the others are waiting ……”
Lv Factory directly pulled Han Qing’er away, while Han Qing’er glanced at Chen Ping, her face became somewhat embarra*sed and ugly, and forcefully broke away from Lv Factory’s hand!
Lv Factory was slightly stunned and looked at Han Qing’er with a face full of confusion.
He knew that the two of them were childhood friends, and the two families had been preparing for their marriage for a long time!
Lv Factory didn’t understand what was wrong with Han Qing’er today, why she suddenly wouldn’t let herself hold hands!
“There are so many people here, don’t pull and tug ……”
Han Qing’er finished speaking and walked straight towards the square!
A dumbfounded Lu Factory could only follow behind!
“Let’s go too ……” Chen Ping said, leading Ge Yuhan and Hou Zhen to walk towards the square as well!
At this moment, the square was already full of people, and on top of the high platform in the middle, a dozen people were sitting on it, and at a glance, they were the people in power in the major secret realms!
And behind these people, there were also five people standing in front of them, and among these five young people was a woman covered in a white veil!
“Mr. Chen, these five young men standing are those five from the Wind Cloud Ranking, and that veiled one is the only female, called Yu Jiameng, the eldest young lady of the Heavenly Gate Mystic Realm’s Yu Family.”
“The old man in front of that Yu Jiameng is her father Yu Qian, the head of the Yu family, who should be considered the strongest person in the eight mysterious realms, and the power of speech in this Mysterious Realm Conference is also in the hands of this Yu Qian!”
“There’s also that young man beside Yu Jiameng, that’s Yao Shenghui, the number one on the Wind Cloud Ranking, a great disciple of the Earth Sect Mystic Realm Purple Thunder Sect ……”
“………………”
Hou Zhen introduced them all to Chen Ping, and it could be seen that Hou Zhen really knew a lot about the Eight Great Secret Realms!
This also gave Chen Ping an initial understanding of the Eight Great Secret Realms.
However, when Hou Zhen introduced Han Fusheng of the Thunder Gate Secret Realm’s Purple Sky Mansion, Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed and a killing intent actually rose up in his body!
Hou Zhen sensed the change in Chen Ping’s aura and hurriedly asked, “Mr. Chen, what’s wrong with you?”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping hurriedly collected the aura on his body and said with a faint smile, “Nothing, you continue ……”