“I’m just using the robberies and lightning to cultivate, not transmitting the robberies.”
The Thunder Beast replied truthfully!
At this time, the crowd that had been left behind rushed up, and when they saw the Thunder Beast in front of Chen Ping and the rest of them, each of their faces changed drastically!
“Thunder Beast? This is the Thunder Beast?”
The old man in the crowd recognised the Thunder Beast and was so frightened that his legs went weak and he even fell straight down.
In the Celestial Realm, the Thunder Beast was only a legend now, very few people had seen the Thunder Beast, and it was heard that the Thunder Beast was incomparably vicious, and that when the two sledgehammers touched each other, they could send out ten thousand thunderbolts that would directly scorch a person!
The Thunder Beast glanced at the crowd and then at Chen Ping!
“These are all of us together ……,” said Chen Ping!
Seeing this, the Thunder Beast hurriedly put away its twin hammers and clasped its fists, “Fellow Daoists, all of you, don’t be afraid, it’s not like I’m going to hurt you ……”
The crowd was relieved to hear the Thunder Beast say this!
“Rumour has it that this Thunder Beast is vicious, this time when I see it, the rumours are all false.”
“It looks like this Thunder Beast is just a bit fierce looking, its character is very good ah.”
“If I go out this time, whoever is saying that the Thunder Beast is vicious, I’ll argue with him.”
Seeing that the Thunder Beast was not dangerous at all, the crowd of cultivators began to talk!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled faintly, if this Thunder Beast had not been scared into submission by the Little Fire Qilin and the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast, they would have died under that thunderbolt by now, I’m afraid.
“Going forwards from here, isn’t it to the Bone Breaking Cliff?”
Lin Keting asked to the Thunder Beast!
The Thunder Beast froze, then nodded, “Not bad, I wonder how this girl, knows that the front is the Bone Breaking Cliff? Could it be that you’ve been here before?”
Lin Keting bristled and hurriedly shook her head, “I haven’t been here, I just heard about it ……”
Chen Ping glanced at Lin Keting and knew that this Lin Keting had 100% been here before, or had heard someone say it in detail!
“What is that Broken Bone Cliff?”Chen Ping asked!
“Broken Bone Cliff is just an ordinary cliff.”The Thunder Beast said.
“A cliff? This is a snowy plain, there are no mountains, where would a cliff come from?”
Chen Ping was a little puzzled!
“Although this is a snow plain, if you go forward, there will be a large fault, originally there was no this bone breaking cliff here, only because many years ago, a strong man came here, followed by a demonic cultivator in a great battle, and in the end, he hardened the continent of the snow plain and split it into two.”
“The two continents had a fault, forming a huge cliff, at the same time under that cliff, there are countless sen sen white bones, that’s why it’s called the Bone Breaking Cliff.”
Thunder Beast explained in detail!
“Demon cultivator? There are still devil cultivators here?”Chen Ping frowned slightly!
This was the God-Devil Battlefield, after so many years, could it be that there was still someone surviving?
And who was that strong person?
“That demonic cultivator is the survivor of this God-Demon Battlefield, only in the end, he was beheaded, but a wisp of that demonic cultivator’s residual soul is hidden within the ghastly white bones of that Bone Breaking Cliff.”
“The heaven and earth suppression here is also the work of that strong person, directly suppressing the strength of the cultivators who enter here.”
The Thunder Beast said!
“Holy shit, that strong man is so bullish?”Chen Ping was shocked, he thought that this Heaven and Earth suppression was the work of a certain great power after the formation of the God and Demon Battlefield.
He did not expect it to be the work of a certain strong person in the back, there was still such a bullish character in this Heavenly Human Realm?
The other people were also surprised when they heard that this was the Divine Demon Battlefield!
They thought it was some kind of relic and came in to find some treasures, if they knew it was the Divine Demon Battlefield, they were afraid that many of them would not come in!
After all, the Divine Demon Battlefield was very dangerous, following the relics was different!
Lin Keting, on the other hand, listened to that Thunder Beast as his eyes became a little evasive!
“Then how do you know so much? Could it be that that powerful person didn’t kill you?”
Lin Keting asked!
“I was only a snow mouse back then, and then I was unintentionally struck by the heavenly thunderbolt attracted by the strong man’s great battle, and I was lucky enough not to die before I was transformed into a thunder beast.”
“Back then, that strong man, wouldn’t even look at me, so how could he make a move to kill me ……”
The thunder beast explained!
After Lin Keting heard this, she stopped talking and just looked ahead with some gravity!