Chen Ping let go of his hand, and Long Xiao fell to the ground like a puddle of mud.
At this time, Long Xingxu then had the two Martial Sect experts from the Long Family, help Long Xiao back.
“This painting is mine, no one can take it away, if anyone else wants to play with this painting, they can come up and try, if no one else wants to play with it, then get lost ……”
Chen Ping swept a glance at the crowd and said.
At this point in time, who would dare to hit on that painting, they all went along the same way.
Long Xiao and Guo Wei were also a*sisted by people from the Long family to leave.
“If I don’t take revenge for this, I swear I won’t be a man, I will kill him ……”
Long Xiao, who had walked out of the cave, shouted loudly and angrily after his strength was restored.
“Don’t worry, this little scum won’t be able to walk out of the ancient tomb, if he dares to come out, I will let him break his body into pieces ……”
Guo Wei’s eyes also flashed with killing intent.
And at this time inside the cave, everyone left, but that Ning Zhi did not leave, standing aside and quietly waiting for something.
“Brother Ning, all have left, what are you still staying here for?”
Dong Jiahao looked at Ning Zhi and asked.
“I’m just curious about what’s inside that bronze coffin, I want to stay and see what’s inside ……”
Ning Zhi said indifferently.
“Now that our energy is suppressed, no one can get close to the bronze coffin, what do you think?”
Dong Jiahao asked suspiciously.
“Isn’t there still him then?” Ning Zhi pointed at Chen Ping, “He will definitely open the bronze coffin.”
Dong Jiahao looked at Chen Ping and asked, “Chen Ping, do you plan to open this bronze coffin?”
Chen Ping nodded, since he had arrived here, he certainly wanted to see if there were any treasures inside the bronze coffin.
“But you have to be careful, there are too many organs here, and also is that even if you get the treasure, I’m afraid there is no way to leave, those people must be waiting for you outside ……”
Dong Jiahao reminded.
“I know, but I’d better see what’s inside this bronze coffin first!”
Chen Ping said, his body lurched and jumped directly on top of the bronze coffin.
Looking at the slightly raised dragon head on the bronze coffin, Chen Ping gently turned it with his hand, followed by holding his breath.
Crunching …………
With the sound of friction coming out, the lid on the bronze coffin slowly opened.
After it opened, a golden light emanated from inside the bronze coffin, and with it appeared before Chen Ping’s eyes a corpse, which was wearing clothes woven with golden thread, and carried a certain crown on the corpse’s head.
The corpse was wearing clothes woven with gold thread, and on its head was a crown of sorts. I don’t know how many years had pa*sed, but the corpse was still in its original form and had not decayed at all.
The moment the bronze coffin was opened, Chen Ping felt a huge amount of spiritual energy emerge from within the coffin, and this spiritual energy was probably what kept the corpse from decaying.
“Chen Ping, are there any treasures inside?”
Dong Jiahao shouted curiously when he saw the bronze coffin open.
“Nothing precious, it’s all some jewellery and jade, not much help for cultivation!”
Chen Ping shook his head, he did not care much about these jewels and jades, he was not short of money and did not want these things, in the end he only chose a few jades from them that contained spiritual energy and put them into his coat pocket.
Just as Chen Ping was about to cover the coffin, suddenly a dark ring on the corpse’s hand attracted Chen Ping’s attention.
Generally, these emperors liked to wear jade trigger fingers, but I had never seen any emperor wearing a ring with a dark body, which did not look very beautiful either.
Feeling that the ring was a bit odd, Chen Ping took it off himself and put it in his coat pocket as well, then covered the coffin.
After jumping down from the bronze coffin, Dong Jiahao hurriedly gathered around, and Zhao Beng was also curious and came up.
“Big brother Chen, what’s the treasure, let’s have a look ……”
Zhao Barging asked impatiently.
Ning Zhi also came over at this time with the hunchbacked old man.