“Good, we are now considered grasshoppers on a rope, we must take a blood oath ……” said Su Tianshuo, directly forcing out a drop of essence blood and dropping it into the wine bowl in front of himself.
The others followed suit and also forced out their essence blood, then dried the bowl of wine with the oath in one gulp.
As for the Ouyang Family at this moment, Ouyang Xing, who was the Pill God Island’s Island Master, did not have a trace of sleep at all at this moment.
He stood in front of the window, looking at the full moon outside, as well as the waves that were constantly lapping at the shore, and the whole person was in deep thought.
Under Ouyang Xing’s feet, densely packed bugs that flashed with a faint golden light were constantly travelling.
These were the Golden Beetles that Ouyang Xing raised, and this kind of bug was a unique product of Pill God Island.
The Golden Armour Bug was originally black, but because it was often wrapped in the mist of the Pill God’s refining of pills on Pill God Island, it had turned into a golden armour over time.
The biting power of this golden beetle was enormous, and the power of swarms was even more astonishing.
“Father, the night is already late, you should rest!”Ouyang Wufeng saw that his father’s room was still lit, so he gently walked in.
Ouyang Wufeng ignored the golden armoured insects under his feet, and with every step he took, the golden armoured insects under his feet automatically flashed an area away as if they were under control.
“Feng’er, do you think we can dodge through this time?”Ouyang Xing looked out the window, his voice filled with worry.
“Father, hundreds of pill masters have come this time, all the major medicine families, and the pill masters’ association presidents of four of the five domains have also come, I don’t think that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect would dare to come and cause trouble.”
Ouyang Wufeng said, “Those guys are just scaring us, with that little bit of medical skills that they can’t hold, even if they were to give them the Pill God Island, they wouldn’t be able to participate in the legacy left behind in the Pill God’s fallen land at all.”
“You still shouldn’t worry too much, as the saying goes, soldiers come to stop and water to cover the earth ……” Ouyang Wu Feng tried to comfort his father.
After hearing this, Ouyang Xing let out a bitter smile as he turned back and looked at Ouyang Wufeng, “Feng’er, do you also think that I invited this Pill Masters’ Conference to Pill God Island to hold it in order to have these Pill Masters help us to resist the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect?”
“Isn’t it?”Ouyang Wufeng said doubtfully.
“Of course not.”Ouyang Xing’s gaze became firm and deep, “I really want to use the resources on Pill God Island to benefit the pill masters of the entire Celestial Realm, and if someone cracks the inheritance of the Pill God that would be even better.”
Ouyang Wu Feng stared blankly at his father, a complex emotion surging in his heart.
Ouyang Xing slowly paced and continued, “There are too few pill masters in the Celestial Realm, and there are even fewer pill masters with superior medical skills. All cultivators are thinking of ascending to immortality, and no one is willing to put forth the energy to learn the art of medicine.”
There was a hint of helplessness and regret in his voice.
“Father, I didn’t expect you to think this way, but do we bear the risks of this on our own?”Ouyang Wufeng couldn’t help but say.
“What about the risks?”Ouyang Xing interrupted, “If I can do something for the Apothecaries of the Celestial Realm, it won’t be a waste of my life.”
“It doesn’t matter who gets the Pill God’s inheritance, but it must not be allowed to be obtained by those demonic cultivators of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect. They are not right-minded, if we let them get the inheritance, it will definitely bring a great disaster to the Celestial Realm.”
Ouyang Wufeng was silent for a moment, then said, “Father, I understand, I will fully support your decision.”
Ouyang Xing patted Ouyang Wufeng’s shoulder and said, “Feng’er, this Apothecary Conference, all forces have evil intentions, we must be careful in dealing with them, but no matter what, our original intention cannot change.”
Ouyang Wufeng nodded and said, “Don’t worry father, I will definitely guard the Pill God Island and this conference.”
Moonlight poured over the father and son duo, reflecting their determined figures. And in this seemingly calm Pill God Island, a huge storm was quietly brewing.