“Were you the one who just said that all of you are the bread and butter of our Giant Savage Palace?”
The youth coldly looked at Chen Ping and asked!
“Not bad, if we all don’t do the teleportation array and don’t shell out this spirit coin, will you Giant Barbarian Palace go and drink the northwest wind?”
“Treat your clothes and food as you would treat your clothes and food, if you have a good attitude, you might even be rewarded with some money.”
Chen Ping couldn’t stand to see this youth acting like a bully, so he said disdainfully!
The youth’s eyes stared, and there was anger in his eyes!
“How dare you, dare to speak after our Young Palace Master like this, I think you don’t want to live ……”
Seeing this, a Giant Barbarian Palace disciple was about to make a move against Chen Ping!
However, he was directly stopped by the youth, and then coldly laughed “Since you said so, then I will be a little bit better to you, the parents of my clothes.”
After the youth finished speaking, he then looked at the many cultivators around him and said “Due to too many people, the capacity of the transmission array is limited, so I, Giant Savage Palace, have decided to increase the price of the transmission, and no one will need to pay one million spirit coins.”
The youth’s words caused a commotion!
“Too arrogant, we’ve been waiting for three days, to say that the price is going up?”
“Does this still treat us like human beings? Your Giant Savage Palace is too much.”
“If you dare to raise the price, then we will fight ……”
Numerous cultivators yelled!
Not every cultivator was particularly rich, many cultivators didn’t have the money to take the teleportation array and instead relied on their legs to walk to the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Now that the price had suddenly increased by one million, it would leave many people without the means to take the teleportation array!
Facing the opposition of the crowd, but the youth didn’t seem to be worried at all, but instead said with a cold smile on his face “If you dislike the high price, you can completely not use this teleportation array, you can also fight for your lives, but without our Giant Barbarian Palace, no one can start the teleportation array.”
After saying that, the youth looked at Chen Ping and said “How about you see how I treat my bread and butter?”
This time, no one dared to yell anymore, if the teleportation array was not activated, these people of theirs would have wasted their time for nothing!
In the end, many people sighed helplessly and started to pay out their money again!
There was really no way around it, who made it so that only the Giant Savage Palace could open the teleportation array!
“You’re sitting on your hands, it’s so inhuman ……”
Fire Phoenix was very displeased with looking at the youth and roared at him!
“It’s not nice to look at, you can not sit, but beautiful girl if you can accompany me for one night, I can give you a fee waiver.”
The youth had a bad smile on his face and even reached out towards Fire Phoenix’s face!
Fiery Phoenix was furious and directly slapped the youth, followed by retreating backwards!
This youth’s strength was obviously not low, and Fire Phoenix was not a match at all!
After receiving a slap from Fire Phoenix, the youth was not angry at all, instead, he used his hand to touch the part that had been hit by Fire Phoenix, and said with a face of intoxication, “The hands of a beautiful woman are so fragrant, hitting my face is fragrant.”
Giant Savage Palace’s people originally cultivated body refining technique, skin thick flesh, fire phoenix that slap, afraid to give each other even scratching can not be counted!
Looking at the youth that way, Fire Phoenix’s face was red with anger, but she could not do anything about it as her strength was not enough!
Chen Ping looked at the youth coldly, and a cold killing intent began to erupt from his eyes.
But in the face of Chen Ping’s cold eyes, that youth did not care in the slightest!
Just as Chen Ping’s fists were slightly clenched and ready to strike, there was suddenly a commotion behind him.
“Get out of the way, all of you quickly get out of the way ……”
Dozens of three-metre tall giants drove the many cultivators to one side, making way for a spacious path!
An old man who was more than two metres tall, accompanied by a middle-aged man of normal height, walked towards this side!
“Jing Yun, I asked you to come over early to straighten up the order, look at this mess, what are you doing?”
The old man roared at the youth in dissatisfaction!