“Don’t worry, you can’t be wrong, do you still doubt me?”
Hu Ma Zi gave Chen Ping a look.
“No …… no doubt ……”
Chen Ping smiled awkwardly, and then the two of them entered the jungle!
Chen Ping followed Hu Pazzi for another half an hour or so, when Chen Ping suddenly stopped, and also pulled Hu Pazzi directly to a halt!
“What’s wrong?”
Pocky Hu asked as he turned his head.
Chen Ping made a no-sounding gesture, signalling to Hu Ma Zi not to speak, and then a divine sense slowly radiated out!
Soon, Chen Ping found that in the jungle ahead, there were two people who had blended themselves directly into the jungle, and if he didn’t use his divine sense to probe, it was probably very difficult to detect them!
“Ninjas?”
Chen Ping frowned slightly.
He did not expect that in such a place, how could two ninjas from the island suddenly appear?
Moreover, these two people’s ninjutsu were very powerful, if Chen Ping had not detected a hint of breath in advance, he was afraid that he would have been fooled by these two people as well.
Chen Ping gave a wink towards Hu Ma Zi, then the two pretended they knew nothing and started to walk onwards!
After the two ninjas saw Chen Ping and Hu Puzi, they all looked surprised, because here, they rarely had people coming.
The two ninjas looked at each other, then with a flash of their bodies, they suddenly appeared behind Chen Ping and Hu Pazzi, followed by two samurai short swords on Chen Ping and Hu Pazzi’s necks!
“You two, what’s the job?”
A ninja questioned at Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi.
The two men had already been prepared for this, Chen Ping reached out and grabbed the short swords directly, with a gentle force, the short swords broke straight off!
The ninja was shocked, and with a violent wave of his hand, a handful of white powder went towards Chen Ping!
This was a common ninja technique, when they encountered an enemy stronger than themselves, they would use a disorienting scatter to escape!
However, this disorienting powder was useless to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping laughed coldly, then took a step forward and picked up the ninja!
Seeing this, the other ninja swung his short sword and tried to cut off Hu Ma Zi’s head!
“D*mn it, think I’m easy to bully ……”
Hu Ma Zi’s face was cold, followed by a flash of his body, then three charms were instantly flung out of his hand!
The three charms burned up and turned into three fireballs, heading straight for the ninja!
The ninja was unable to dodge and his body was set alight!
The pain was so intense that the ninja kept rolling on the ground, trying to put out the fire!
But Hu Ma Zi’s fire was real, so it couldn’t be put out that easily.
And so, the ninja was burnt alive and turned into a charred corpse!
This gruesome scene was watched by another ninja, whose body was shaking constantly!
He struggled desperately, but found that he could not exert any strength at all, as if the energy in his body had been sealed!
“Who are you people? Why are you here? Have you captured a girl?”
Chen Ping asked to the ninja.
“I don’t know, we just got lost here!”
The ninja said, shaking his head.
Seeing this, Chen Ping slapped him across the face, “Do you take us for fools?”
When the ninja was slapped, he stopped talking and shut his mouth for good!
“Chen Ping, watch me, I’ll use the Bone Devouring Talisman to make his life worse than death, see if he opens his mouth ……”
Hu Ma Zi said, pulling out a yellow talisman, and then drawing on it quickly!
When that ninja saw this, he suddenly gritted his teeth, followed by his eyes opening wide and a mouthful of black blood spurting out!
Seeing that the ninja had actually committed suicide by taking poison, Chen Ping’s eyebrows furrowed slightly!
It seemed that these guys were not simple, they were very disciplined, and since they had taken poison to kill themselves, they would not say anything!
Chen Ping casually threw away the ninja’s corpse and said to Hu Ma Zi, “Master Hu, let’s go, be careful back there ……”