“Master Hu, thank you so much, not only did you save Chen Ping, you also helped our Red Lotus Palace so much, please accept a bow from the little lady ……”
Ji Ru Xue said, about to kneel down for Pocky Hu.
“Palace Master Ji, never allow it, I am only lifting my hand.”
Pocky Hu hurriedly stopped Ji Ruixue.
“Miss Ji, you don’t have to do this big salute, he actually helped us out, so when it’s time to share the treasure, I will give him one more achievement!”
Chen Ping said to Ji Ru Xue.
“Share the treasure? What kind of treasure?”
Ji Ru Xue was dumbfounded.
The two of them, Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi, glanced at each other and then laughed out loud.
“Palace Master Ji, let Chen Ping thank me when the time comes!”
Pocky Hu followed Chen Ping into the Red Lotus Palace with a big smile!
Ji Ru Xue looked at the two men in confusion, having no idea what they were talking about.
“Chen Ping, you kid, you’ll definitely have a big calamity in the future!”
Hu Ma Zi said as he walked and looked at Chen Ping.
“A great calamity? What calamity? Can you really tell fortunes and read horoscopes?”
Chen Ping said in a daze.
“Hahahaha, you are destined to be trapped by love in the future, you don’t want to be negative to any woman but will invariably make women sad for you.”
“Your boy’s peach blossom luck is really too strong, but the women who like you are all people of the utmost sex and love.”
“In the future, it’s up to you to make what kind of choice you want to make, and I’m afraid this is also a test for you!”
“Immortal cultivators, must leave behind the seven emotions and six desires, in order to achieve the Tao and become immortal, and you …………”
“Hahahaha …………”
Huang Ma Zi laughed and walked forward quickly.
“I didn’t say that I wanted to become immortal ……”
Looking at Huang Ma Zi’s back, Chen Ping muttered ……
………………
The next day.
After following Ji Ru Xue’s explanation, Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu into the cave!
At this time, there were already quite a lot of debris inside the cave, all of which had been shaken down by Chen Ping following Zhou Tian Yin’s battle.
“How are we going to open this boulder?”
Chen Ping asked anxiously to Hu Ma Zi.
“There is no hurry, sit down and rest for a while ……”
Hu Pazzi found a flat stone and sat down.
This made Chen Ping puzzled, if there was no hurry, why didn’t he rest outside, instead of coming inside the cave to rest?
Chen Ping also found a stone to sit down, and then lit a cigarette.
He gave one to Hu Ma Zi, who did not ask for it, but took out a dry tobacco pouch from his back waist and smoked it.
The clear water of the stream continued to flow outwards from the cave, constantly washing away the fallen stones.
After about ten minutes, Hu Pazi knocked the dry tobacco bag and then put it away.
“It’s time to work …….”
With that, Hu Pazi pulled out a pile of talisman paper, then drew something on it, and soon the cave was filled with talisman paper.
When there was still one piece of talisman paper left, Huang Pazi looked at Chen Ping.
“Lend your blood for a while ……”
Huang Ma Zi said.
“Use my blood?”
Chen Ping looked puzzled, but he bit his finger and blood flowed out.
Using Chen Ping’s blood, Huang Pazi drew a figure on top of the talisman paper, followed by this last piece of talisman paper and stuck it on top of the huge stone.
Rumble …………
The moment the talisman paper was affixed, the whole cave began to shake.
Immediately afterwards, there was a great light, and all the talismans emitted a light that shone on top of the boulder.
And the talisman paper on the boulder emitted a blood red colour, and the graphic on it instantly set into the boulder!
The whole boulder began to glow with a dazzling light!
“Close your eyes, I’ll tell you to open them, before you open them ……”
Huang Ma Zi hurriedly said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping also did not hesitate and hurriedly closed his eyes.
Soon, the violent shaking became stronger and stronger, and Chen Ping only felt his body was falling fast!