Chen Ping kept dodging and said with a puzzled face, “What are you doing? Are you ungrateful?”
Chen Ping didn’t expect Liu Ruyan to wake up, and he didn’t expect Liu Ruyan to make a move on himself as soon as he woke up, and he didn’t know why Liu Ruyan made a move on himself!
He didn’t even know why Liu Ruyan had hit him! He knew that Liu Ruyan had woken up because of himself, but now Liu Ruyan didn’t even thank him, he even hit him!
“I am ungrateful, you shameless person, you even took possession of my body while I was unconscious and made me lose my innocence, today I have to beat you to death ……”
“Who the hell are you? And what is this place?”
Liu Ruyan’s face was full of anger as she attacked Chen Ping while questioning him!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood that this Liu Ruyan had misunderstood himself!
It should be that when Liu Ruyan woke up, she saw herself naked and mistakenly thought that she was being taken advantage of!
“Don’t fight yet, I didn’t touch you at all, you misunderstood, it was the Third Elder who brought me here, this is the secret cave of the Jade Tripod Sect!”
Chen Ping hurriedly explained!
When Liu Ruyan heard about the Third Elder, she stopped her body, but still looked at Chen Ping suspiciously and said “Who are you again? Where is the Third Elder now? Why isn’t he coming over?”
Chen Ping took a breath and said, “My name is Chen Ping, I am a disciple of the Third Elder’s lineage, I think.
“The Third Elder is still at his residence and hasn’t come over, I just came to see you ……”
Liu Ruyan surveyed Chen Ping, his expression was still very nervous, obviously he still didn’t quite believe what Chen Ping said!
“You helped me keep an eye on it? How could the Third Elder have allowed a disciple to heal me?”
“It’s clear that you’re just talking nonsense, who are you anyway?”
Liu Ruyan took a look at Chen Ping before suddenly striking out again, she wanted to restrain Chen Ping and then force him to ask for his identity afterwards!
Although Liu Ruyan suddenly struck out, Chen Ping had already prepared for it and fiercely reached out to clasp Liu Ruyan’s wrist!
Although Liu Ruyan was at the peak of the Realm of Transformation, she was not enough for Chen Ping!
Liu Ruyan saw that Chen Ping had grabbed her in one fell swoop and tried to pull her hand back, but Chen Ping’s hand was like a vise, clasping her wrist so tightly that she could not move at all!
“You liar, how can a disciple of the Third Elder’s lineage have someone of such strength, obviously you are just lying.”
“Let go of me, let go of me quickly ……”
Liu Ruyan looked at Chen Ping angrily, she could be sure that Chen Ping would definitely not be a disciple of the Third Elder’s lineage, because how could a disciple of the Third Elder’s lineage have someone whose strength exceeded hers!
“I let you go, you are not allowed to make a move on me, I have already explained to you, why don’t you believe me?”
“I didn’t touch you, can’t you feel for yourself if you’ve been touched or not?”
“Really, you can’t, just probe yourself with your hand and see if your most precious thing is still there, won’t you know!”
Chen Ping said without good humour!
As soon as she heard Chen Ping’s words, Liu Ruyan instantly blushed “You stinking rascal ……”
The first thing you need to do is to use your hand to test your own place, and this kind of words can be said by Chen Ping, a big man.
When Chen Ping heard this, he felt speechless for a while, he didn’t even know how to explain after Liu Ruyan!
Just at this time, there were sudden footsteps outside, followed by the Third Elder walking in!
When the Third Elder saw Liu Ruyan, he was filled with surprise and said, “Eldest Miss, you …… are awake?”
When Liu Ruyan saw the third elder, she was also slightly stunned “Third elder, it really is you ……”