This terrifying aura instantly enveloped Qin Xiaotian and a group of Qin family subordinates, causing everyone in the Qin family to instantly feel the pressure of a titanic mountain pressing down on them, and a few of the weaker Qin family subordinates actually spouted blood from their mouths, unable to withstand the pressure, and fell to the ground.
The mere use of qi could make a clan master spit blood and fall to the ground, so it could be seen how terrifying Xu Changsheng’s strength was.
“Stand down ……”
Qin Xiaolin said to Qin Xiaotian.
Qin Xiaotian had no choice but to take the Qin family subordinates and retreat, while at this moment Qin Xiaolin had a determined face, he knew that today might be the day of his death and he had to go all out.
“Brother Chen, you continue, no one else will interfere ……”
Xu Changsheng smiled faintly at Chen Ping before turning around and retreating with Yu Dong as well.
Chen Ping gave Xu Changsheng a slightly grateful look before turning his head to look at Qin Xiaolin with a murderous look in his eyes.
“Today, I will send you underground to reunite with your son ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he directly leapt up, his body steeply reaching Qin Xiaolin’s front.
Qin Xiaolin did not expect Chen Ping to be so fast, and his body hurriedly retreated backwards, but it was already too late.
Chen Ping slapped his palm on Qin Xiaolin’s face!
Slap!
After a crisp sound, Qin Xiaolin’s body directly spun around in mid-air before falling to the ground.
Looking at half of Qin Xiaolin’s face, it instantly became red and swollen, and blood flowed out from the corners of his mouth, and even a few teeth were lost.
Chen Ping deliberately did not slap Qin Xiaolin to death, he wanted Qin Xiaolin to make a fool of himself in front of everyone, and he also took the opportunity to deter these people in the martial arts world.
It was not that Chen Ping was afraid, but that he did not have time to waste on this. He had to make good use of his time to cultivate and prepare for the 15th of July to climb the Nameless Island.
The crowd looked at Qin Xiaolin’s miserable appearance and gulped wildly, just like Chen Ping, who else dared to mess with him.
Qin Xiaolin climbed up with difficulty, his eyes looked at Chen Ping angrily, he wanted to open his mouth to say something, but unfortunately, his face was swollen and his teeth had fallen out, so he couldn’t say anything at all.
“You’re still not convinced?” Chen Ping directly slapped out with another slap.
This time Qin Xiaolin’s entire face became a pig’s head, not a single tooth was left in his mouth, and he was beaten and bruised.
“Ah …………”
Suddenly, Qin Xiaolin’s eyes turned a crimson colour as he leaned back and hissed loudly.
Immediately afterwards, Qin Xiaolin’s body began to rise up with a stream of red mist, which carried a strong smell of blood, as if it was evaporated from boiling blood.
As many people watched this scene, they all drew in a cold breath.
“Bad, this Qin Xiaolin intends to explode himself and follow Mr. Chen to his death ……”
Seeing this, Zhao Wuji said in shock in a hurry.
At this moment, many people were sweating for Chen Ping, as Qin Xiaolin, who was a Martial Sect, if this blew itself up, the power would be comparable to a bomb, and he was afraid that even the entire stadium would be affected.
Many people were so frightened that they started to run out of the stadium, and some of those who had the strength to do so immediately released their Qi energy to form a barrier in front of their bodies.
“Grand Elder, this Qin Xiaolin is ready to explode himself, this is not even going to leave his soul behind ……”
Yu Dong said as he looked at the scene in front of him in shock.
One should know that martial artists above Zong Shi could condense their qi within their dantian and then detonate it, causing their bodies to explode and in turn emit a huge amount of energy.
But then, the person who blew himself up would not even have a single crumb left, not to mention a corpse, not even a soul, and there would be no way to reincarnate!
So many people don’t easily choose to blow themselves up even if they know they are going to die, and if the difference in strength is too great, even if they blow themselves up, it won’t help.