Early the next morning!
Sheng Bushi came to shout at Chen Ping to set off!
Sheng Jiahui, on the other hand, had a red face and ran out of Chen Ping’s room!
Seeing his daughter in that state, Sheng Bushi then smiled!
Chen Ping had done such a great favour to the Sheng family, there was nothing Sheng Bushi could do to repay him, and the only thing he could do was to let his own daughter accompany Chen Ping!
What’s more, he could also see that Sheng Jiahui also liked Chen Ping!
So what happened last night was all because Sheng Boshi asked Sheng Jiahui to do so!
Chen Ping put on his clothes and walked out of the room, sure that Sheng Bushi was still a little embarrassed!
“Mr Chen, I wonder if my daughter served you well last night?”
Sheng Bu Shi went forward and asked in a low voice!
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he knew that this was what Sheng Bushi had asked Sheng Jiahui to come, so he let out a light sigh and said “Sheng family master, I can understand your feelings, but I am adrift and there is no way I can give Miss Sheng any guarantee, perhaps there is no possibility of meeting again after a farewell.”
Chen Ping is very helpless, just like the Ji family’s Ji Meiling and Ji Meiyan sisters, although they also have the reality of the couple, what have done, can after Chen Ping do not know will no longer meet the possibility!
At that time, Chen Ping was also forced to follow the Ji sisters to copulate for the sake of the Immortal Finger of the Ji family’s old ancestor!
“Mr Chen don’t have pressure in your heart, my daughter being able to be pampered by Mr Chen is her blessing, even if we won’t meet in the future, I believe that my daughter will always remember this night, and if my daughter is able to get pregnant and give birth to a son and a half a daughter, then that would be the greatest blessing for my Sheng family.”
“With Mr Chen’s ability, the future child will definitely not be bad either.”
Sheng Bushi did not care in the slightest if Chen Ping could take Sheng Jiahui as his wife, even if they did not meet!
He was more interested in having Sheng Jiahui pregnant with Chen Ping’s child, and when the child stayed in the Sheng family, he might be able to change the fate of the Sheng family!
Hearing Sheng Bushi’s words, Chen Ping froze for a moment!
One word instantly flashed through his mind!
Stallion …………
Chen Ping did not know how to answer Sheng Bushi!
Even more so, he did not know whether he should be happy or angry!
“Master, are we ready to depart?”
Fire Phoenix walked over at this time holding the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, and Bai Qian also followed!
“Good, let’s go ……”
Chen Ping nodded!
After walking out of Fancheng, Fire Phoenix put down the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast, and after whispering two sentences in the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast’s ear, the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast began to run wildly!
Chen Ping and the others chased after the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast closely behind them!
And on a hillside not far away, Sheng Jiahui stared blankly at Chen Ping who was not far away!
Looking at Chen Ping’s back, her heart was full of mixed feelings!
She was very happy last night!
But she knew that this kind of happiness might not come again in the future!
“Chen Ping, last night you boy was gorgeous, if I wasn’t too tired and rested early, I would have squeezed you dry.”
Bai Shao came to Chen Ping’s side and said with a playful face!
Chen Ping looked at Bai Shao that way, also a burst of speechless, are so long, Bai Shao is still just pestering him!
However, Chen Ping also knew in his own heart that the transaction between him and Bai Shallow at the beginning had slowly changed at this moment!
Bai Shallow had developed feelings for him, and he likewise seemed to have feelings for Bai Shallow!
The current Bai Shallow might be able to give her life for herself without hesitation!
It was this change in emotion that Chen Ping had allowed Bai Shallow to follow all along!
See Chen Ping does not speak, Bai Shallow again whispered “that Sheng family Miss, is secretly look at you, should be last night beauty, can not leave you ……”
After Chen Ping heard this, he hurriedly looked back, and sure enough, he found that Sheng Jiahui was not far away on the hillside, staring at them closely!
“Aren’t you going to follow that little girl to say goodbye?”
Bai Shao asked!
“No need, each other are just passing through inside life.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and accelerated his speed!