With the Dragon Chopping Sword, Chen Ping was about to go on a killing spree!
Boom!
With a loud bang, a golden light instantly exploded through the crowd!
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a judge from hell, using the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand to judge the lives and deaths of those before him!
No matter if they were from the Xuanyuan Family or the Perak Sect, all of them became shredded flesh directly under this sword blade, some of them were directly vaporised by the ma*sive sword Qi, not even leaving their corpses behind.
Everyone from the two families were scared and kept running outwards, no matter how much Cheng Zhichang and Xuanyuan Yan shouted, it was to no avail!
Scared, these people were truly scared!
“Chen Ping, you seek death ……”
Cheng Zhichang watched his disciples die tragically one by one, and directly blocked in front of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to Cheng Zhichang, the Zenglong Sword in his hand swung down, a huge sword qi wrapped in a blazing flame, coming directly towards Cheng Zhichang.
Cheng Zhichang was shocked and hurriedly rolled on the ground to avoid the blow, but at that moment, Chen Ping’s sword cut a deep gully on the ground.
The slightly distressed Cheng Zhichang immediately got up, but just as he got up, Chen Ping’s figure was already in front of him.
Cheng Zhichang was terrified and retreated, but it was still too late!
Chen Ping slapped him across the face, directly spinning Cheng Zhichang’s body several times in the air and denting half of his face.
Cheng Zhichang’s body fell heavily to the ground, a scene that directly dumbfounded that Xuan Yuan Yan.
Although Cheng Zhichang’s strength was slightly inferior to his own, it was not too much worse. Now that Cheng Zhichang was in front of Chen Ping, he did not have the slightest strength to fight back.
In this way, it seemed that Xuan Yuan Yan was in no way a match for Chen Ping either.
“This son is too demonic, it has only been so long, but his strength has become so terrifying ……”
Xuan Yuan Yan began to feel some fear inside, not too long ago he had followed Chen Ping in a fight and let Chen Ping escape in a moment of carelessness, back then Chen Ping was no match for himself at all!
But now Xuan Yuan Yan was not even sure if he could walk past three moves under Chen Ping’s hands.
Cheng Zhichang climbed up with difficulty, half of his face sunken in, becoming directly like a ghost, very terrifying.
“Xuanyuan Yan, this kid is too powerful, let’s join forces …………”
Cheng Zhichang wanted to tell Xuanyuan Yan to join forces against Chen Ping.
Xuan Yuan Yan moved, but it was towards the outside of Shadowless Villa and retreated rapidly, he knew it was important to save his life, as for following Cheng Zhichang and joining forces, he wouldn’t do something that stupid!
Cheng Zhichang saw that Xuanyuan Yan had turned his head and run away, he was dumbfounded and froze on the spot!
“Xuanyuan Yan, you’re paralyzed …………”
Cheng Zhichang reacted and cursed at Xuanyuan Yan!
But soon, Cheng Zhichang couldn’t curse anymore, because Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Chopping Sword with a sword chop!
The terrifying sword Qi caused Cheng Zhichang’s body to tremble, and when he turned his head, he found that the sword Qi that flashed with flames had already reached his eyes, and he couldn’t even dodge it if he wanted to.
This sword chopped Cheng Zhichang’s head off directly, and the tremendous impact caused Cheng’s head to fly out instantly.
Bone …………
The human head actually rolled down to the feet of Xuan Yuan Yan who was running away, which scared Xuan Yuan Yan.
Looking at Cheng Zhichang’s head, Xuanyuan Yan’s speed instantly increased by a few points.
An atmosphere of terror spread as the many disciples of the Perak Sect fled in all directions, even their Sect Master had been killed with a sword, what use could they be if they stayed!
“Want to leave?”
Chen Ping looked in the direction where Xuanyuan Yan had fled, and his body leapt up!
Along the way, Chen Ping killed everyone he saw, these people were all from the Thunderbolt Sect and the Xuan Yuan Family anyway, they all deserved to die ……
In an instant, the slopes on the side of the Shadowless Villa were littered with corpses, the two great clan families, surprisingly, were killed by Chen Ping alone and routed away.
“Big brother, that …… that Chen Ping is catching up ……”
Xuan Yuan Rong glanced back and almost didn’t P*ss himself in fear when he saw Chen Ping, who was like a god of killing, coming after him.
He hadn’t spoken just now, and looking at Chen Ping’s ma*sacre, and Cheng Zhichang’s head, Xuanyuan Rong’s legs went weak.