Just when Chen Ping was at a loss for what to do, Ge Yuhan, who was dressed in white, suddenly floated down like a fairy and stopped in front of the spider beast!
The spider beast, which had already gone mad, waved its scythe-like claws at the sight of Ge Yuhan and swung towards her!
But Ge Yuhan didn’t hide or run away, she just looked at the spider beast quietly, and sang something under her breath.
A voice, like a heavenly music, could instantly make people feel very comfortable and calm their manic state of mind!
The spider beast that had been attacking Ge Yuhan suddenly stopped its sharp claws and looked straight at Ge Yuhan.
After Ge Yuhan finished her chant, she went straight up and started to stroke the spider beast’s head with her hand!
At such a close distance, the spider beast actually didn’t attack Ge Yuhan, allowing Ge Yuhan to stroke it!
“Mr. Chen, go and take your sword out of its mouth ……”
Ge Yuhan said to Chen Ping who was lying on top of the spider beast.
Chen Ping looked at Ge Yuhan with some surprise, “If you take the sword out, it might swallow you ……”
“No, it’s beast mastery, the ancient beast mastery, it’s too amazing ……” One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
At this moment, Hu Ma Zi tilted his head and looked up, shouting with a face of excitement.
Chen Ping was puzzled, he didn’t understand what beast mastery was, but still believed Ge Yuhan and took the dragon chopping sword out of the spider beast’s mouth!
Ge Yuhan gently stroked the spider beast’s head, then a faint light wrapped the spider beast.
Soon the spider beast’s body became smaller and smaller, and finally it was only the size of a small spider with a thumb!
Chen Ping was dumbfounded as he watched what was happening in front of him.
Ge Yuhan found a bottle and filled it with the spider beast, then put it in his pocket!
At this moment, Hu Pazzi also walked over, looking at Ge Yuhan with a face full of excitement and admiration, “Girl, you …… can’t believe you know such an ancient beast mastering technique, can you teach me?”
Ge Yuhan glanced at Hu Pazzi, then shook her head, “I can’t ……”
When Hu Pazzi heard this, he was a bit displeased: “You girl, you were rescued by me, I am your life-saver.”
“It’s not that I don’t teach, but you simply can’t learn, you must be pure in heart to learn beast mastery.”
“I am the holy maiden of the Guang Han Palace and can learn the beast mastering technique, while you are full of women, you can’t learn it ……”
Ge Yuhan’s words instantly caused that Hu Ma Zi to blush with embarra*sment.
“Oh, it’s fine if you don’t learn it, I have a beast trapping incantation, it’s not worse than that beast mastering technique ……”
Pocky Hu was looking for a step for himself!
“Master Hu, if you have that what beast trapping incantation, why didn’t you step in even though I almost hung up just now?”
Chen Ping glared at Pocky Hu and asked.
“Are you kidding, you are the son of a dragon, the true body of a golden dragon, how could you possibly hang, you wouldn’t hang even if you were eaten into the stomach by that demonic beast.”
Hu Ma Zi hurriedly explained.
“Alright, you don’t have to brag about me ……”
Chen Ping finished and looked at Ge Yuhan, “Yuhan, can you teach me that what beast mastery technique? When the time comes, I will be able to collect a heavenly ranked demonic beast, and then I will be directly invincible in the world.”
Ge Yuhan gave Chen Ping a blank look, “What kind of dreams are you thinking? Although this beast mastering technique is powerful, it can only tame demonic beasts that are equal to one’s own strength or of low rank.”
“To tame a high-ranking demonic beast, that would simply be impossible.”
Chen Ping froze, then wondered, “Just now, this spider beast was afraid that it had already exceeded the strength of a Grand Martial Marquis, so how did you tame it?”
Chen Ping knew that Ge Yuhan’s strength was restricted and was now only at Great Martial Marquis strength, so how could he possibly subdue a demonic beast that exceeded Great Marquis strength!
“This spider beast’s strength is not very high, the highest is only the early stage of Grand Martial Marquis ……”
Ge Yuhan said.