“Xing Jun, what do you mean by that?”
Chen Ping shouted angrily, then held the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, then ruthlessly slashed towards the iron gate in front of him.
Clang!
The loud sound was deafening, but the terrifying force of the counterattack caused Chen Ping to retreat repeatedly, his tiger mouth shaking and numb.
This terrifying sword had only cut a small gap in the iron gate.
Seeing that there was a gap in the iron gate, Chen Ping swung his sword again and slashed at it!
Clang clang clang …………
Another roar rang out, and many more small gaps were made in the iron gate, only by now Chen Ping’s tiger mouth was dripping with blood.
The whole house, under Chen Ping’s desperate swinging and slashing, shook continuously.
Xing Jun stood in the courtyard, watching the house shake and listening to Chen Ping’s roar, his face turned a bit unbearable!
At that moment, Mr Shi’s figure slowly appeared and stood by Xing Jun’s side.
“Mr Shi, we are …………”
Xing Jun did not understand what Mr. Shi was trying to do and why he had to arrest Chen Ping.
“Don’t let him out without my order ……”
Mr. Shi did not explain, and after putting down a cold sentence, he turned around and left.
Xing Jun sighed and finally turned around and left the place as well.
At this moment, Chen Ping was still desperately swinging and slashing, even though his tiger mouth was covered in blood from the shock, he did not give up.
In the end, the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body was completely deficient, and he could no longer swing and slash a sword, and only then did Chen Ping sit down on the ground.
“Why? Why …………”
Chen Ping roared in anger, he wanted to know why this was, why he was being locked up.
Just when Chen Ping was very frustrated, he suddenly remembered that he still had the Qiankun Circle, a spacetime magic weapon that would allow him to escape from here.
Chen Ping hurriedly took out the Qiankun Circle from inside his storage ring and hurriedly threw it towards the air.
However, the black hole in space-time did not appear, and the Qiankun Circle fell to the ground with a clear crisp sound.
“This …… forbidden power, I can’t even use this kind of spacetime magic weapon ……”
Chen Ping helplessly sat down again with a dejected look on his face!
………………
Inside the Kyoto Martial Arts Union!
At the top of the hall, a person who appeared to be a person sat there, and this person’s body emitted a terrifying killing aura.
And on either side of the hall were a dozen people dressed in black robes, all of these people concealing themselves underneath their black robes!
Because of the black robes, it was impossible to see the faces of these people, who wore black robes with a circular pattern in the middle, and these patterns were differentiated by colour.
Some of the black robes were bronze in the middle, some were silvery grey, and one was golden, each colour representing a different strength and status of the black robed person.
“Where did that trash Zhu Zhi Shan run off to?”
The great power sitting on the main seat asked coldly.
“Great Power, Zhu Zhishan has gone to Penglai Island, he should be looking for help ……”
A black and gold robed said respectfully.
“Hmph, this trash has seen the doorway at the last moment.”
The great power snorted coldly, “You have to speed up building experts out now, we need stronger spokesmen in the martial world now, as for this Zhu Zhi Shan, just give him a chance ……”
“Understood ……”
That black and gold robe nodded.
A fluctuation followed and the terrifying killing aura disappeared and the great power left.
When the great power left, all the people all let out a long breath.
“Have you all heard the great power’s words clearly?”
The black gold robe looked at the crowd and asked coldly.
“Heard clearly ……”
The other black-robed people replied in unison.
The black gold robe then looked at a black bronze robe and said, “You stay in the Martial Alliance, you have to a*sist Zhu Zhi Shan, and in addition create more experts ……”
“My subordinate follows orders ……”
The black bronze robe said in a hoarse voice.
Soon, all the black-robed people left, leaving only the black copper robe standing in the middle of the hall.
The black bronze robe slowly took off his own black robe and a fair and delicate face was revealed.
If Chen Ping had seen this person, he would have been astonished.