Only a snow-white wolf was seen, tearing after the Heaven Swallowing Beast.
“Snow Wolf?” Seeing this wolf, Chen Ping recognized it at a glance, it was the Snow Wolf that he had encountered on Dragon Lock Island.
At that time, this snow wolf had followed Su Yuqi and the girls, so how could it suddenly appear here?
Could it be that Yuqi and the girls were on this island?
Chen Ping looked around excitedly and saw that Long Wu was walking over with Su Yuqi and her group.
When Chen Ping saw Su Yuqi and the girls, he became like a child and danced with joy.
If not for the presence of so many people, Chen Ping would have jumped over and picked up Su Yuqi.
When Su Yuqi saw Chen Ping, her eyes also shone with excitement.
And Gu Ling’er, who was at the side, also looked at Chen Ping with excitement and thrill in her eyes.
Only Chen Ping did not dare to look directly at Gu Ling’er, he had no way to face that kind of look in Gu Ling’er’s eyes.
“Uncle Long, how did you guys get here?”
Chen Ping asked to Long Wu in surprise.
Long Wu did not answer Chen Ping, but glanced at the members of the Guardian Pavilion who were following the island warriors in a vicious battle not far away, and then said to Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er, “You two can try your hands ……”
After Long Wu finished speaking, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er smiled excitedly, followed by their figures instantly disappearing in front of Chen Ping.
Then, on the chaotic battlefield, two beautiful figures appeared, and wherever the two figures pa*sed, those island warriors were killed!
“This …………”
Chen Ping’s eyes widened in disbelief at what was happening in front of him.
He had to know that the lowest strength of these island warriors were all clan masters, and there were several peak grand clan masters inside, even with Andrew’s help, they had still fought bitterly until now, but as soon as Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er joined them, the battle was instantly clear.
This was a bit too outrageous, knowing that Chen Ping and Su Yuqi had only been away for just over a month, how could their strength grow so quickly?
Looking at Chen Ping like that, Wu Mei’er covered her mouth and smiled, “Chen Ping, do you not understand that Yu Qi and Ling’er’s strength has grown so quickly?”
Chen Ping nodded, he really couldn’t figure it out, this cultivation speed was faster than even him.
“Let me tell you, that’s because Uncle Long has pa*sed on all his strength, to the two of them, and now Uncle Long is just an ordinary person.
”
Wu Mei’er while explaining.
Hearing Wu Meier say so, Chen Ping directly froze and looked at Long Wu incredulously, “Uncle Long, you …… you this is why?”
Long Wu is very calm, a slight smile said: “Chen Ping, I have an empty skill, but there is no way to help you, as long as I show up, the Dragon family will never let me go, I pa*s this skill to Yu Qi and Ling’er, let them two help you, I believe you will be able to kill the Dragon family in the future, save the first lady… …”
Chen Ping looked at Long Wu and suddenly his eyes got wet, the old dragon leader had sacrificed because of him and now Long Wu had lost all his kung fu for him, Chen Ping didn’t know how he should repay.
Soon all the island warriors were wiped out and Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er walked back with excited faces.
Andrew and Xu Shimao also followed them, both of them were all full of doubts, wondering what the relationship between this sudden appearance and Chen Ping was.
“Captain Xu, did our men suffer any casualties?”
Seeing Xu Shimao, Chen Ping hurriedly asked.
He had promised Zhao Wuji that he would bring back all these people from the Guardian Pavilion.
“Only ten people were injured, and there were no sacrifices!”
Xu Shimao said.
Hearing this, Chen Ping’s heart was relieved. Just as Chen Ping was about to ask again why Long Wu and the others were on the island, a furious roar from the Heaven Swallowing Beast drew Chen Ping’s gaze over.