The aura on Chen Ping’s body was beginning to climb as he struggled to resist the oppressive pressure!
A golden light flickered up from his body, lighting up the dark night sky, filling the entire hall with a dazzling golden light!
The man looked at Chen Ping, his eyes faintly staring, “I didn’t expect your kid’s flesh to be a good thing ……”
With that said, the man’s body flickered away, and the next thing he knew, he was in front of Chen Ping!
A fist then smashed into Chen Ping’s chest!
Chen Ping met it with a fist, and both of their fists clashed!
Boom ……
There was a loud cracking sound, followed by Chen Ping’s body instantly retreating backwards!
And the man’s body swayed a few times, his wrists slightly tingling!
“If this fleshly body grows, I’m afraid that it will be even stronger than that Blood Demon ……”
The man’s eyes were slightly narrowed, and there was a sizzling heat in his eyes. One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
“Don’t hurt him, grab him and raise him, this is definitely a superior flesh body ……”
The woman’s eyes were also full of essence, and her gaze towards Chen Ping had changed!
The man’s face instantly turned cold as he looked at the woman and said, “You don’t think you’ve taken a liking to this kid, do you?”
Upon hearing this, the woman frowned and said, “What nonsense, I just fancy this physical body of his ……”
“Then you grab it, I don’t care ……”
The man seemed jealous and angry, and actually withdrew his hand and walked to the side!
Chen Ping looked at this man and woman, and suddenly felt speechless, these two people were completely ignoring themselves.
The woman gave the man a blank look, and then looked at Chen Ping and said, “Little brother, be good and listen to me, we will definitely not hurt you, and we will also make you stronger.”
“I don’t want to hurt you, so you better not resist ……”
As the woman said that, she walked towards Chen Ping!
And the woman had a charmed look in her eyes, she was actually casting a charm technique on Chen Ping!
Only this woman’s charm technique was obviously not a strong point, it was far worse than the sisters Wu Mei’er and Xiao Lan!
Chen Ping didn’t even care about those two sisters’ charm techniques, how could he still be charmed by this woman?
Chen Ping laughed in his heart, but his face was expressionless.
When the woman saw Chen Ping’s dumbfounded face, the corners of her mouth lifted slightly as she walked up to Chen Ping and gently stroked his face with her hand!
Seeing this, Hu Ma Zi punched the ground with both fists in anger: “This is too much, why don’t you touch me?”
The woman exhaled like an orchid and whispered, “Little brother, listen to your sister, go with her and be good ……”
The woman took Chen Ping’s hand, intending to take Chen Ping away!
But just as the woman pulled Chen Ping’s hand up, a sharp aura suddenly flashed in Chen Ping’s eyes, followed by a cold smile at the corner of his mouth.
Before the woman could even react!
Chen Ping smashed out with a Holy Light Fist!
This punch, which hit the woman’s stomach so hard that it instantly sent her flying!
The woman, defenceless, was smashed by Chen Ping and her body fell heavily to the ground, with blood dripping from the corner of her mouth!
“sh*t, this guy is so hard on women too?”
Hu Ma Zi was shocked at the sight!
And when the man saw that Chen Ping had smashed the woman with one punch, he was instantly enraged and a red flame began to rise from his body.
The flames wrapped around the man’s body and a wave of heat instantly swept over him!
Chen Ping looked at the flames rising from the man’s body and his face instantly turned a little ugly!
This man actually knew the art of fire control, and it looked like he had even reached the level of perfection!
Chen Ping urged the power of the divine dragon within his body, a golden light flashed out, followed by a golden dragon wrapping around Chen Ping’s body!
Hoo …………
Only to see the man’s palm wave, the ma*s of flames on his body came towards Chen Ping, and huge waves of heat rolled over him.
Chen Ping didn’t dare to resist hard, he could only keep his body backing up, and his body was dodging everywhere, but the ma*s of flames was like growing eyes, chasing Chen Ping with deadly force.