“Gentlemen, we are all pharmacists, I hope you can keep your mouths shut, if you can heal my granddaughter, I will definitely repay you.”
“If you can’t, please leave and don’t talk nonsense here!”
The old man’s face became ugly!
How could he not be angry when someone humiliated his granddaughter like this!
“Get out of the way, all of you get out of the way ……”
At this moment, five big-bladed guys pushed aside the crowd, then came inside!
“Who is it, so bullish, telling us to get out of the way?”
“Holy sh*t, isn’t this the South Square Five, it’s better to hide away.”
“What are these five guys doing here? It’s not like they’re medicine men and they don’t know how to see patients.”
“Who knows, don’t provoke them.”
The crowd made way one after another!
The old man looked at the five burly men that suddenly appeared, his face also changed slightly, he put away his stall, pulled his granddaughter and prepared to leave!
South Square Five, as long as one had spent some time on Pill God Island, they all knew them!
These five guys did no evil and weren’t pill masters at all, but they were making a good living on Pill God Island!
Because there were also many cultivators who were not pill masters on Pill God Island, these cultivators were arranged to live in the South Place!
And these five South Place warriors relied on their strength to control the entire South Place!
However, these five fellows reviewed the situation and didn’t dare to offend the Ouyang family, instead, they contributed a lot to the Ouyang family’s management of Pill God Island, so instead of being expelled from Pill God Island, these five fellows were rewarded by the Island Master!
This time, the five guys became even more unscrupulous and rampaged across Pill God Island!
However, they only dared to bully some newcomers to Pill God Island, those Pill God Island aborigines who followed the Ouyang family, they didn’t dare to bully any of them!
“Old man, why are you leaving when you see us? Aren’t you treating your granddaughter? We can too!”
Being the boss of the Southern Five Warriors, he directly grabbed the old man and said!
“You aren’t pharmacists, how could you possibly heal my granddaughter, we’re not looking!”
The old man shook his head and tried to break free, but found that he simply couldn’t break free from that Southern Place Five Warriors’ boss!
“We are not pharmacists, but we know many pharmacists ah, I can help you find a pharmacist to cure your granddaughter’s illness.”
The Five Warriors Boss said with a bad smile on his face!
“What exactly do you guys want?”
The old man asked as he forced down his anger!
“You old thing, you knowingly ask, of course you want your granddaughter to accompany our brothers.”
“I’ve long since seen that your granddaughter isn’t an original, so don’t pretend to be innocent.”
The Five Warriors old man laughed!
“Hahaha …… Our brothers and sisters don’t mind, it’s very good.”
“A pair of broken shoes, what else to pretend.”
The other few of the Five Warriors laughed out loud!
The old man was enraged, completely enraged, his eyes became scarlet!
“I’ll fight you, you five beasts ……”
The old man hissed and slapped his palm towards that Five Warriors Boss!
The Five Warriors Boss’s face froze as he steeply erupted an aura that was like a giant wave rolling over, directly lifting the old man out!
Right at this moment, a figure instantly rose up in the air and directly caught the old man!
“Elder Miao, are you alright?”
Chen Ping asked softly after catching the old man!
It turned out that the old man was Elder Miao who had followed Chen Ping to the Heavenly Demon Mountain, while the girl was Elder Miao’s granddaughter, Miao Miao!
After Miao Miao was violated in the Divine Demon Battlefield, Miao Lao left with his granddaughter!
Yet, he didn’t expect them to come to Pill God Island!
“Chen …… Mr Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping, Miao Lao burst into old tears!
Looking at Miao Lao that way, Chen Ping was also very touched inwardly, how long had it been, Miao Lao seemed to have aged a lot!
There was also that Miao Miao, the girl who was very lively at the beginning, but now she was like a fool, her eyes were lifeless and her mouth was mumbling!