He had to take shelter from the storm first. Now that Chen Ping had the Demon Subduing Tower and the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map on him, he could cultivate no matter where he was.
As long as Chen Ping’s strength was increasing some, he would not have to fear those guys in Kyoto.
On the plane to Hongcheng, Chen Ping sent a message to Lin Tianhu.
When the plane landed at Hongcheng Airport, Lin Tianhu had already driven to pick up Chen Ping.
Apart from Lin Tianhu, there were also Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong who had come, as well as many other prominent figures in Hongcheng.
Almost the entire airport was here to greet Chen Ping.
As soon as Chen Ping stepped off the plane, he was all taken aback by the scene in front of him.
“Mr. Chen ……”
Lin Tianhu hurriedly stepped forward and bowed slightly!
After this farewell, it had been over a month since they had seen each other again, and Chen Ping hadn’t been back to Hongcheng for several months.
“Mr. Chen …………”
Many of the dignified bigwigs in Hongcheng came forward and bowed to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping’s face was a bit unsightly, he had only returned this time, not to show off or anything, he had come to hide for a while, this time making such a commotion, he was afraid that his whereabouts would soon be known.
“Lin Tianhu, tell all these people to disperse ……”
Chen Ping said to Lin Tianhu after he quickly got into the car.
Lin Tianhu saw that Chen Ping was a little upset and immediately sent people to disperse those people.
Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong also got into the car together.
The two men looked at Chen Ping and directly put Chen Ping in a foul mood.
Although the two did not speak, Chen Ping understood the look in their eyes.
They must have wanted to ask Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er why they hadn’t come back with them.
Chen Ping had no choice but to tell Gu Wentian and Su Wenzong about his current situation after him.
When they heard that Chen Ping had come back to avoid the chase, both of their faces changed.
“Chen Ping, how did things get like this?”
Su Wenzong was not from the martial arts world either, so he had no idea about the things Chen Ping had done in Kyoto.
“Uncle Su, there are some things that I had no choice but to do ……”
Chen Ping didn’t want to get into the current situation, but his own mother was still in the Long family, and Su Yuqi was still locked up in the Martial Arts Union, so what could Chen Ping do?
“Alright, let’s go back and talk about it!”
Gu Wentian finished and told Lin Tianhu to quickly drive the car back.
The group went to Gu Mantian’s courtyard, and as soon as they entered the courtyard, Chen Ping saw a courtyard full of antiques, showing how much Gu Mantian loved them!
“That fellow Jin Fusheng is not bad, he hasn’t sent many antiques over these days, Chen Ping see if you like or use any of them yourself?”
Gu Wentian said as he pointed to a courtyard of antiques.
Chen Ping took a glance at them and then shook his head, his current strength was no longer needed to cultivate by the weak spiritual energy on these antiques.
“Chen Ping, I’m afraid that you won’t be able to hide for a few days when you return to Hongcheng this time, right? Those people will definitely guess that you are here ……”
Su Wenzong asked worriedly.
“I’m only staying for two days for now, I’ll leave as soon as I figure out where to go!”
Chen Ping also knew that being in Hongcheng was not a long-term solution!
Those guys in Kyoto would definitely find this place, not to mention the martial arts community here in Jiangbei, to know that he was back, they would also be eyeing him.
After all, the Dragon Crystal in one’s possession was so tempting that it had to be on one’s mind.
“Mr. Chen, I think you can go to South China City to look for that Jin Fusheng!”
At this moment, Lin Tianhu spoke up.
“Look for him?” Chen Ping looked at Lin Tianhu somewhat strangely, “Even if I go to South China City, with the power of those clans and families in Kyoto, it would be easy to pry out.”
“Mr. Chen, I am not asking you to stay in South China City, doesn’t that Jin Fusheng often go out to sea, you can get a big boat and prepare living supplies and stay at sea for a while, then no one will be able to find you!”
Lin Tianhu explained.