How could he not have thought that Chen Ping, a Transitional Apparition Realm, would not be afraid of the power of thunder in the slightest, and by the looks of it, it seemed as if he had even absorbed this countless amount of thunder and lightning!
When the other cultivators saw this, their mouths were also roundly open, shocked beyond words!
“Does this Chen Ping possess a lightning origin?”
“Definitely, can’t you see that the lightning that hit him was all absorbed.”
“Too perverse, this Chen Ping is too perverse!”
The many cultivators all discussed!
The Mu Clan’s old ancestor, on the other hand, hurriedly stopped his hand, causing the countless thunderbolts to instantly disappear!
He had originally wanted to use these thunderbolts to kill Chen Ping, but now they had become Chen Ping’s resources, which was counterproductive!
As the thunderbolts disappeared, the golden light on Chen Ping’s body grew even brighter.
“Since you’re not playing, then let me play ……”
Chen Ping said, and in the centre of his palm, a lightning bolt visible to the naked eye was slowly forming!
Chen Ping tilted his head and looked at that Mu Family Head as his body suddenly rushed over like a rocket!
Boom!
Chen Ping’s palm condensed with the power of thunder and lightning, becoming more and more violent!
Chen Ping’s speed was so fast that the surrounding void began to tremble, and even space appeared to be squeezed!
Facing Chen Ping, the Mu Clan Ancestor’s face took on gravity!
Boom!
The Mu Family Ancestor slammed his fist towards Chen Ping!
From afar, the fist was like a mountain, enveloping Chen Ping as a whole!
Even so, Chen Ping did not dodge in the slightest, but instead, he hardened himself against that fist and rammed across!
Boom!
The fist followed Chen Ping’s body and collided heavily!
The surrounding void was like a landslide, and that fist also became shattered in an instant under Chen Ping’s cross-crash!
Chen Ping crushed the fist with the power of his body alone!
This disparity was a complete crushing of power!
Although the Mu Family Head’s punch looked immense!
But in front of Chen Ping, it was still too weak!
It was simply unbeatable!
“That’s all the old ancestor is capable of, no wonder the Mu Family’s descendants and grandchildren aren’t capable of much either!”
Chen Ping sneered as he coldly looked at the Mu Family’s old ancestor!
The Mu Clan’s old ancestor’s face was filled with a scowl, and his huge body was trembling!
The Mu Clan’s old ancestor fell into a frenzy as he raised his hands high into the air and directly disappeared into the boundless void!
The dark clouds that had originally dispersed, at this moment, once again converged rapidly!
Throughout the void, the dark clouds could be seen rolling violently like ocean waves!
The sky and earth were plunged into darkness, just like the end of the world!
The dark clouds began to descend rapidly, and many cultivators felt an unprecedented pressure!
The entire South End City was enveloped by the dark cloud, if this dark cloud pressed down, the cultivators within South End City were afraid that they would be killed or injured!
At this moment, all the cultivators panicked, they did not expect this Mu Clan Ancestor to not speak of martial virtues!
Just follow Chen Ping in the fight and deal with him directly!
How could he implicate all the cultivators in South End City?
This Mu Family Old Ancestor was crazy, in order to kill Chen Ping, he would not hesitate to let all the cultivators of South End City be buried with him!
Boom!
The dark clouds continued to descend and a terrifying aura continued to emanate!
Many cultivators had already begun to fall to their knees one after another, and were so overwhelmed that they could not move!
Other cultivators who wanted to escape also found that they couldn’t take a step at all!
“Are you trying to die together?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards that Mu Family Ancestor!
“Not bad, I want you to die, and I want everyone who saw my Mu Family make a fool of themselves to die!”
The Mu Family’s old ancestor’s body began to merge into that dark cloud!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, and his face turned grave!
This Mu Clan’s old ancestor did not speak of martial virtues, but even wanted to die with the crowd!
Chen Ping continuously blasted the thunderbolts from his palm into the dark cloud, but after the thunderbolts entered the dark cloud, they were instantly submerged, and could not stop the speed of the downward pressure of the dark cloud!
As the dark cloud pressed down lower and lower, some cultivators could not withstand it and began to vomit blood!
Everyone had a look of panic on their faces.