If Chen Ping had not used this Supreme Fire, Qiu Yu would not have been able to detect Chen Ping’s identity as a devil cultivator!
It seemed that Chen Ping was hiding too deeply!
Qiu Yu didn’t even know that Chen Ping had the power of the three races in his body, no matter if it was the Beast Race, the Demon Race or the Human Race, all of them had a scent in Chen Ping’s body!
Now that Qiu Yu had mistaken Chen Ping for a demonic cultivator, it would be too one-sided!
“You guys are tired of fighting, it’s my turn too.”Chen Ping said coldly.
His figure flickered and instantly disappeared in place. Qiu Yu and the others were startled and hurriedly looked around for Chen Ping.
Suddenly, Chen Ping appeared behind a cultivator, and with a flash of light in his hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared and stabbed towards that cultivator’s back.
That cultivator sensed the danger behind him and hurriedly turned around, the axe in his hand slashing towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping, however, did not dodge and met the axe directly with the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand.
Only to see a spark flash by, the axe in the cultivator’s hand was unexpectedly cut off by Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword.
The cultivator was shocked, and before he had time to react, Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword had already stabbed into his chest.
That cultivator stared at Chen Ping in disbelief before slowly falling down.
“You actually killed him!”Qiu Yu shouted angrily.
“Hmph, you guys wanted to kill me, are you not allowing me to fight back?”Chen Ping laughed coldly.
“Good boy, today I will ……”
Qiu Yu’s face was full of anger as he yelled towards Chen Ping, as if he wanted to fight for his life after him!
But before he could finish his words, Chen Ping’s figure suddenly disappeared once again, followed by a white light that crossed in front of everyone’s eyes!
Qiu Yu and the others only felt a titanic force coming at them, and immediately after that, the few cultivators that Qiu Yu brought with him received a solid kick to the chest!
It was as if several people had been hit by a meteorite, and they flew towards the back!
Along with the heavy fall of several cultivators, several large pits appeared on the ground!
Qiu Yu who was watching this scene was a little dumbfounded!
He couldn’t believe that Chen Ping’s strength was so terrifying, bearing in mind that Chen Ping was only at the ninth rank of the Ferrying Realm, while the people he brought with him were all at the third rank of the Mahayana Realm!
With such a disparity in strength between realms, how could this be possible?
Moreover, his own side had more people, a higher realm, and more strength!
The end result was one-sided!
This is not scientific!
“Now it’s your turn!”
Chen Ping looked at Qiu Yu with a cold smile!
Qiu Yu looked at Chen Ping, his body began to tremble slightly, he did not expect Chen Ping’s strength to exceed theirs!
It seemed that he had underestimated Chen Ping, and since Chen Ping was not even a beast race, he did not know how much Chen Ping had hidden!
Qiu Yu’s body kept retreating, he wanted to run!
Boom!
But just as he was about to turn around, he saw Chen Ping’s figure coming in a hurry, followed by a kick!
Qiu Yu was unable to dodge in any way before he was kicked out by Chen Ping!
Qiu Yu also fell heavily on the ground, also smashing a deep pit out of the ground!
“You few little trash, too weak ……”
Chen Ping rose up in the air and looked down at the several people who had smashed into the ground, saying with a cold smile on his face!
Qiu Yu’s few people looked at Chen Ping with a few moments of fear in their eyes!
However, they also knew that since Chen Ping had exposed himself in front of them, he had no intention of letting them leave alive!
“If we want to live, we’ll have to show our real skills, this guy looks like he’s going to kill us all!”
Qiu Yu’s face was gloomy, and after saying that, he directly leapt up!
The other few cultivators also knew that if they didn’t put up a fight, then they would only be killed!
Qiu Yu led a few cultivators to fly into mid-air as well, following Chen Ping across the sky!
All of these people then suddenly raised their voices to the sky and immediately after, from their mouths, they spat out a precious pearl!
The treasure beads were colourful, in all sorts of colours!