Ren Xian’s entire body was dumbfounded, while at this moment Ren Sicong’s mother was pale and no longer had a trace of blood in her face.
Slowly turning his head, Ren Xian looked at his wife and said, “Su Zhen, tell me, what the hell is going on here? What the hell is going on?”
Ren Xian could not believe it, nor could he, how could Ren Sicong not be his own son?
He followed his wife to love each other and never quarreled, even if his wife lost her legs in a car accident later, he never thought of abandoning her, he dared not imagine that the sincerity he gave would be replaced by his wife’s betrayal.
“Ooooooooo …………” Ren Xian’s wife cried out in pain.
“Tell me, tell me what the hell is going on here?” Ren Xian’s eyes were scarlet at this moment, like a fierce beast, desperately shaking his wife’s shoulders.
He would never have done this to his wife if he normally would, but at this moment, he couldn’t control himself.
Ren Xian’s wife cried out in pain and slowly spoke, “He is right, he is indeed not your real son, I am sorry for you and for the Ren family …………”
Hearing the confirmation from his wife’s mouth, Ren Xian could no longer hold on and sat down on his buttocks.
The whole person became mute, his eyes full of disbelief: “Why? Why on earth, I was so good to you, why on earth?”
Ren Xian couldn’t understand, he had given his wife the best love, why did she betray herself.
Looking at her husband’s appearance, Ren Xian’s wife cried even more: “I’m sorry, I didn’t betray you, it was your good friend Sun Cai, that day you were drinking too much at home, he took the opportunity to defile me, I resisted and cried out, but you were drunk and unconscious, in the end he succeeded, I was afraid of losing you, I didn’t dare to tell you, only later did I find out I was pregnant, I wanted to get rid of the baby, but you found out I wanted to abort it, but you found out about my pregnancy and the whole family took care of me without fail, so I didn’t have the chance to abort this sinful child!”
“I’m sorry, I was wrong, I was wrong, I should have told you then, and now so much wouldn’t have happened, I was really wrong ……”
Ren Xian’s wife desperately apologized and admitted her mistake.
Ren Xian’s whole person was dumbfounded, just like a wooden person, sitting motionless on the ground, now he finally understood why his wife had been blocking himself from giving the Ren family estate to Ren Sicong, it turned out that she knew that Ren Sicong was not the flesh and blood of the Ren family at all.
“Uh …………” Suddenly, Ren Xian’s eyes widened and his whole body directly fainted.
“Husband …………” Ren Xian’s wife, seeing this, cried out piteously and finally fainted herself.
When Sun Simiao saw this, he hurried up to check on them and was relieved to find that both of them were just angry and not seriously hurt.
And as Chen Ping listened to the family affairs of the Ren family, he also felt saddened that a beautiful and loving family might be ruined from this moment on.
When Ren Sicong saw his parents faint, instead of being the least bit anxious, he laughed loudly and said, “Die, all of you, only then will all of the Ren family be mine ……”
Ren Sicong fell into a frenzy and said to Ning Yu, “Ning Yu, kill all the people here, as long as I get the Ren family estate, I will fulfill everything I promised you, the Ren family has quite a few treasures dug out from the ancient tomb, whatever you like, take whatever you like ……”
Ren Sicong’s eyes were full of murderous energy, he was going to kill everyone here so that no one would know his true identity and no one would stand in his way of inheriting the Ren family’s estate.
“No problem …………”
Ning Yu’s face revealed a cruel smile, and then with a wave of his hand, the villa’s doors closed tightly shut.
Looking at Ning Yu like that, Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Are you sure you can kill us?”