Xiao Ru looked at Zhao Beng’s face which was red from suffocation and a grimace of pain, nodded and said, “Okay, I’ll go with you, you let him go ……”
When Long Xiao saw Xiao Ru agree, the corner of his mouth raised a smile and casually threw Zhao Beng out like a dead dog.
“Don’t ……” Zhao Baptist shouted, even though blood kept gushing out of his mouth, Zhao Baptist didn’t care: “Long Xiao, my day. Your ancestor, you kill me, kill me ……”
Zhao Barging was determined to die, as long as he was dead, Long Xiao would have no capital to threaten Xiao Ru!
Long Xiao didn’t even look at Zhao Barging, but said to Xiao Ru, “Come with me, don’t think of any evil intentions ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, he then glanced at his men, and soon several Dragon Family experts stepped forward, and a light turned into chains, directly binding Xiao Ru.
Xiao Ru glanced at Zhao Barging and said nothing, but followed Long Xiao away.
Zhao Beng hissed desperately as he tried to get up and chase after him, but unfortunately he could not stand up at all.
After Xiao Ru was taken away, Gu Ling’er heard the sound and hurried over.
When she saw the seriously injured Zhao Bargan, she was in shock!
“Zhao Barging, what’s wrong? Where is Xiao Ru?”
Gu Ling’er asked to Zhao Barging.
“Xiao Ru was captured by Long Xiao and taken away ……”
Zhao Barging said with a painful face.
Gu Ling’er frowned and hurriedly helped Zhao Barg up and rushed back to Pill God Valley, she had to tell Long Wu about this and see how to get Xiao Ru out!
………………
Kyoto, Xin family!
This was Xin Pengfei’s home, ever since he had returned from the trial, Xin Pengfei had attached himself to the Martial Alliance and the Dragon Family, and had received a lot of beast pellet resources.
During this period of time, Xin Pengfei’s strength had also increased quite a lot, how can he say that he was also the number one in the Free Ranking, although this Free Ranking was not officially recognized, this title was something Xin Pengfei cared about.
Especially after seeing the strength of Chen Ping and Long Xiao, the younger generation, Xin Pengfei knew that he still had a long way to go to follow the real talented experts, so he cultivated even harder!
And at that moment, outside the Xin family’s door, a man shrouded in black robes appeared, the black robed man slowly raised his head and Chen Ping’s handsome face was revealed.
Chen Ping looked at the plaque at the Xin family’s door and secretly whispered, “Let’s start with your Xin family, all those who have done something to me, I will not spare any of them ……”
Chen Ping slowly put on a mask and then pushed open the Xin family’s gate!
The many sons and daughters of the Xin family immediately gathered around after seeing someone suddenly barge in!
“What kind of person are you? How dare you trespa*s into the Xin Clan ……”
Someone . questioned loudly at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not say anything, a cold aura flashed in his eyes, followed by a flick of his palm, a huge spiritual force went out in all directions.
Before they had time to react, all of the Xin family’s sons and daughters who surrounded Chen Ping flew backwards and then died on the spot!
Hearing the commotion, Xin Pengfei rushed out with his men, and when he saw his family’s children dead all over the place, he frowned.
“Who are you? Why are you barging into my Xin family and killing my Xin family’s sons and daughters?”
Xin Pengfei asked angrily at Chen Ping.
“I am the one who killed you!”
Chen Ping said coldly.
“Killing me? Do I have any grudge against you? Why do you want to kill me?”
Xin Pengfei’s face was full of confusion, he didn’t feel that he had offended anyone.
“Why?”
Chen Ping snorted coldly and took off his mask immediately afterwards.
When Xin Pengfei saw Chen Ping’s face, his entire person instantly froze, and his face became extremely ugly.
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hands, a faint light flickered up and immediately afterwards enveloped the entire Xin family.