“Patriarch Luo, I feel that Patriarch Hai is right, let’s not worry about this place right now, or let’s go find those guys from the Beast Race and ask what’s going on.”
Someone echoed Patriarch Hai’s words!
Seeing this, Patriarch Luo could only nod his head and said, “Alright then, let’s go back first, and then send someone to find the three emperors and four kings of the Beast Race, if it’s really them who did this, even if they follow the Beast Race to a break, they must not be spared!”
The people from the five great clans left the Blood Spirit Valley, and the disciples of the Blood Spirit Valley were still being gnawed on by the vultures again!
At this moment, Luo Shouhai was still recuperating from his injuries, and had no idea that all of his disciples had been killed!
Chen Ping had also fully recovered after recuperating!
And in these few days, Chen Ping had gained a deeper understanding of the Royal Fire Steps and the Breath Mimicking Grand Technique!
Only that clock, Chen Ping still had no way to activate it and did not know how this thing actually worked!
“Mr Chen, this is some Spirit Stones and Immortal Herbs sent by Ghost Elder ……”
Ji Yun placed some resources in front of Chen Ping!
In the past few days, in order to be able to make Chen Ping recover faster, the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder had left early and returned late every day to go to the Heavenly Demon Mountain to look for various resources that could be utilised!
How could it be said that it was all due to Chen Ping that Demon Mountain Ghost Elder was now able to resist the Demonic Apparition Cloud and make so many breakthroughs in his strength?
“Ji Yun, have you been cultivating during this period of time?”
Chen Ping asked to Ji Yun!
“Mr Chen, I’ve been collecting and searching for all sorts of resources after Ghost Old Man during this period of time, so I haven’t had time to cultivate yet.”
Ji Yun said!
Chen Ping looked at Ji Yun and waved his hand signalling Ji Yun to sit opposite him!
“You have also followed me for some time now, yet your strength hasn’t grown much and you haven’t gained much ……”
“Mr Chen, I’m already very content to be able to follow you, and with you I can see the world.”
Without waiting for Chen Ping to finish, Ji Yun hurriedly said!
“What’s the use of seeing the world, I’m passing on a set of Nine Shadows Sword Technique to you now, and when I go to the Refinery Sect in a while, I’ll have the Refinery Sect help you forge a sword, so your strength can also be increased by a lot!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a hand gently pressed on top of Ji Yun’s head!
Soon, the Nine Shadows Sword Technique was transmitted to Ji Yun’s sea of consciousness!
Ji Yun swept through his sea of consciousness with his divine sense and was instantly surprised, “Mr Chen, this is the Nine Shadows Sword Technique?It looks so advanced ah……”
“If this Nine Shadow Sword Technique can be cultivated to the point of purity, it can produce nine doppelgangers with the same aura and even the same power!”
“At that time, you chopped out a sword, while the real chopping out is the real ten swords, your own power will be amplified a lot, of course, this nine shadow sword method can also be used as a get out of the trap!”
“Remember to be overly impatient when cultivating the sword technique, that way instead of being able to cultivate successfully, you’ll also put your own into a collapse.”
“I can now have six doppelgangers, I will pass on some insights and cultivation methods to you as well.”
Chen Ping said, passing on all the insights of the Nine Shadows Sword Technique that he had learnt, he did not have the slightest reservation towards Ji Yun!
Ji Yun’s face was full of excitement, to the point that he directly knelt down in front of Chen Ping, “Mr Chen is so generous, teaching me the Nine Shadows Sword Technique is like a benefactor, I …………”
“Stop, we are friends and brothers, I am not your master, otherwise I wouldn’t pass it on to you.”
Chen Ping hurriedly interrupted Ji Yun’s words!
Looking at Ji Yun’s appearance, he was going to worship himself as his master, Chen Ping had no intention of becoming anyone’s master!
Once Ji Yun heard this, he got up with a face full of embarrassment and followed Chen Ping’s thanks before he couldn’t wait to leave, presumably to cultivate!
“Chen Ping, I heard that you’ve recovered almost, now the account owed to me has to be paid back ……”
As soon as Ji Yun walked back, Bai Qian walked in!
And with an imploring face, she looked at Chen Ping, and water seemed to be gushing out of her eyes!
“What account?”Chen Ping asked, feigning ignorance!
“You’re less pretentious ……”
Bai Shao directly pounced on Chen Ping and rode on top of him!