Originally Su Yuqi’s family followed her great aunt’s family quite well, Su Yuqi had lived in Yuncheng since she was a child, except that after Su Yuqi’s mother died, the two families slowly became less close!
“I don’t know how Great Aunt’s family is doing, and the two of them, cousin and cousin, are they both married!”
Su Yuqi’s eyes flashed with a few wisps of sadness, “It’s just as well that I’m going to Yuncheng this time, to see Great Aunt’s family!”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi, heartache flashed in his eyes, in other people’s eyes, Su Yuqi was the daughter of the richest man, living a life of carefree clothes and food, she must be especially happy!
But only Chen Ping could see that Su Yuqi was actually particularly eager for affection inside, having grown up without her mother’s love and with little affection, only she and Su Wenzong were the only two people who had been coming along.
After the car hurriedly made out of Hongcheng, it went straight onto the highway, and at this time, behind Chen Ping’s car, a black car, which had been following them from Hongcheng, also went onto the highway together!
Chen Ping and the others didn’t even notice the difference, no one cared, after all, there were many cars coming and going on the highway, no one would pay special attention.
At this time, hundreds of kilometres away from the Wei family in the provincial capital, Wei Kun’an was smoking a cigarette, with a gloomy face!
Wei Tao’s leg, he spent a lot of money on famous doctors, no one could cure it, even foreign experts and scholars were invited, but still no solution, the leg bone has been crushed, it is impossible to connect, unless using artificial bones, but even with artificial bones, it refused to walk as before, it will still become a cripple!
“I don’t want to be a cripple, I don’t want to be a cripple …………”
On the bed, Wei Tao hissed desperately, having been unable to see his leg properly for all this time had sent him into a frenzy!
Beside the bed, a woman dressed in gorgeous clothes, secretly touching her tears, crying as she persuaded Wei Tao, “Xiao Tao, don’t be anxious, we will definitely cure your leg!”
This woman was Wei Tao’s mother Jiang Lanfeng, Jiang’s family was also a famous family in the provincial city, martial arts schools opened all over the provincial city, it was heard that this Jiang Lanfeng’s father was a grand master, his strength was unfathomable!
This was the reason why the Wei family had absolute strength in the provincial city and no one dared to mess with it, the union of the Jiang family and the Wei family made no one dare to mess with these two families in the entire provincial city!
“Wei Kunan, you’re a f*cking loser, your own son is in such a state and you’re indifferent? It’s been how many days, where is the murderer? Where is he?”
Jiang Lanfeng scolded Wei Kun’an with a fierce scolding!
Wei Kun’an’s face was blue, but he didn’t dare to say a word, don’t look at him outside, but at home, he was a tiger turned into a cat, he didn’t want to turn into a cat, but he couldn’t do anything, his brother-in-law had a violent personality and his strength was much higher than his, if he fought, he could only be beaten!
“If you’re not capable, just fart, I’ll have Xiao Jie come over and go straight to Hongcheng and get the guy who beat up his son, look at yourself as a wimp!”
The Xiao Jie in Jiang Lanfeng’s mouth was Wei Tao’s uncle Jiang Wenjie, there was almost no one in the whole provincial city who didn’t know this man, known as the little bully of the provincial city!
At this moment, Wei Kun An’s mobile phone rang, after Wei Kun An picked it up, his men immediately reported, “Master, that guy called Chen Ping has left the city and is now on the highway to Yuncheng, besides him there is Su Yu Qi and that Lin Tian Hu in the car!”
When Wei Kun An heard this, his eyes lit up and he gritted his teeth and said, “Great, do it right away, run them over and bring them back to me in the end, regardless of whether they are dead or alive!”
Having just been scolded by his wife, Wei Kunan had a lot of anger in his stomach, but now he could finally get it out!