Chen Ping took Ge Yuhan and flew towards the Martial Alliance!
When he was still some distance away from the Martial Alliance, Chen Ping suddenly froze!
Because he felt Su Yuqi’s aura, that aura was so strong!
“How could this happen? Couldn’t Yu Qi have been released by them?”
Chen Ping was filled with astonishment, then he quickened his pace!
When Chen Ping reached the entrance of the Martial Alliance, someone immediately reported to Ning Zhi!
“Alliance Master, that Chen Ping has arrived!”
A member of the Martial Dao Alliance said.
“Good, finally he’s here, let him in ……”
Ning Zhi was holding a vajra pestle, his eyes full of confidence!
“Are you sure you can catch this Chen Ping?”
The spirit asked once again, turning to Ning Zhi.
“Don’t worry, ninety percent sure, as long as this Chen Ping is desperate to save his girlfriend, then he won’t be able to escape.”
Ning Zhi said with a cold smile.
He had already laid out the traps for Chen Ping, now all he had to do was to provoke Chen Ping into losing his mind!
The doors of the Martial Alliance slowly opened, and Chen Ping walked in with Ge Yuhan, surrounded by a dozen black bronze robes that instantly surrounded Chen Ping and the others.
When Ning Zhi saw that Chen Ping had even brought someone with him, he frowned slightly, “Chen Ping, you broke our agreement, aren’t you afraid that your girlfriend will suffer?”
Chen Ping glanced at Ge Yuhan, then said to Ning Zhi, “She is nothing but a corpse now, she can only follow me, and there is nothing I can do to make her leave.”
Ning Zhi’s eyes gathered and a sharp aura shot out, instantly enveloping Ge Yuhan’s body.
Sure enough, there was not the slightest trace of aura on Ge Yuhan’s body, just like a wooden person!
Seeing this, Ning Zhi then let out a sigh of relief and withdrew his gaze, sneering, “Chen Ping, I didn’t expect you to have degenerated to the point of refining puppet corpses as well.”
“But this puppet corpse is so beautiful looking, yet it has no breath on it and no strength at all, you didn’t refine such a puppet corpse to sleep with you, did you?”
“A newcomer to the martial arts world, the valley master of the Pill God Valley, and now you are refining female puppets to satisfy your own personal desires, I really didn’t think you had such a hobby!”
“If I spread the word about this, I wonder what those girls who have a crush on you would think?”
Ning Zhi’s face was full of a sardonic grin as he gave Chen Ping a good-natured scolding.
Chen Ping was unconcerned and said with a faint smile, “What you want is your business, you didn’t call me here just to talk such nonsense, did you? If it’s just for that, I don’t have time to deal with you!”
Ning Zhi laughed out loud a few times, “Hahahaha, of course not, haven’t you felt your girlfriend’s scent yet?”
“I know you’ve always wanted to save your girlfriend, but the Martial Alliance dungeon, protected by formations, you simply can’t break through the formations.”
“But today I’ll give you a chance, I’ve brought your girlfriend out, as long as you can save her from us, then our Martial Dao Alliance will never be your enemy from now on!”
Ning Zhi said, and with a wave of his palm, a light suddenly flashed behind him, and immediately afterwards Su Yuqi, who was locked inside the cage, manifested herself!
When Chen Ping saw that Su Yuqi was locked in a metal cage, and that her face was pale and her body weak, the anger in his entire body instantly rose to a fever pitch!
Feeling the anger rising from Chen Ping’s body, as well as the endless killing intent, Ning Zhi laughed!
“Ning Zhi, I, gra*s, you,? …………”
Chen Ping roared in anger as the Dragon Chopping Sword instantly appeared in his hand, before ruthlessly heading towards that Ning Zhi!
A sword Qi instantly cut towards Ning Zhi, while at the same time Chen Ping once again swung his sword out, another sword Qi shot out!
This time, it went straight for the iron cage where Su Yuqi was being held!
Ning Zhi snorted coldly and waved his hand, and a wave of Qi came out of his palm!