“Moving on your own?”
Chen Ping looked carefully at the spirit beast egg, then went forward and gently stroked it with his hand, he wanted to feel what exactly was inside this spirit beast egg!
However, just as Chen Ping’s hand had just touched the Spirit Beast Egg, the Spirit Beast Egg suddenly erupted once again with a seven-coloured haze rushing up to the sky!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was startled and hurriedly moved his hand away!
If in letting people find out and all find this place, then it would be troublesome!
And Chen Ping did not know that just as that seven-coloured haze flickered away, not far away, there was a group of cultivators who had been teleported here by the entrance to the Divine Demon Battlefield!
These people wore the same clothes, it was obvious that they were from a clan, a clan could get so many tokens, it was also enough to see that this clan was not weak, at the very least there were quite a lot of resources or spirit coins!
“Quickly look, what is that thing?”
Someone saw the seven-coloured haze and hurriedly said aloud!
But just as the crowd looked over, the seven-coloured haze had disappeared!
“What are you blindly blabbering about? This is the Divine Demon Battlefield, there are no rules to speak of, if you don’t want to die, keep a low profile.”
A middle-aged man in green clothes snapped!
“Eldest brother, I really just saw not far away, a seven-coloured haze rising into the sky, only to be gone in a flash.”
The one who was reprimanded said with some anxiety!
“Yes, I also saw it to, but that seven-coloured haze light flickered and disappeared, it can’t be some kind of treasure coming out, right?”
Someone else also spoke up, saying that they had seen it!
Seeing that more than one person had seen it, the green clothed middle-aged man was also a little shaken, so he said “Let’s go over there and take a look, but we all need to keep our spirits up, this God and Demon Battlefield is full of anything and everything, so we have to be careful and cautious.”
“Even if they are of the same race and kind, they must be well guarded, often the human cultivators are the most ruthless ……”
After the instructions, this group of people flew towards the direction where the seven-coloured haze rushed up to the sky!
Not too long after, a white mist appeared in front of their eyes!
“Eldest senior brother, look, this area is immense, only here is a white mist gathering but not dispersing, there must be something wrong.”
Someone said loudly!
That green-clothed middle-aged man had long since discovered that white mist, his divine sense radiated out, but he found that his divine sense couldn’t probe into it at all.
Obviously there is a formation protection in this white mist, which makes it impossible for the divine sense to probe into it!
There are formations, that proves that someone is here, just now the seven-coloured haze is also issued from here, maybe the treasure is within the white fog!
“Eldest brother, let’s rush in, there are definitely treasures inside, that seven-coloured haze light just now was emitted from here.”
Someone was a little impatient!
After all, a treasure that could emit seven-coloured haze light must be a rare treasure of great value!
“No one is allowed to move, since the other party is able to lay down this kind of formation, their strength must not be bad either.”
“And we still don’t know who and how many people are in here, what if we rush in and fall into a trap?”
The green-clothed middle-aged man hurriedly stopped it!
Right now, there was no way for his divine sense to probe inside the white mist, and he didn’t know how many people were inside, so he didn’t dare to rush in!
Only to see the green-clothed middle-aged man’s body falling rapidly, then came to the edge of the white mist.
Slowly reaching out into the white mist, he wanted to probe the situation inside the white mist in this way!
Only this method, surprisingly, was also unable to probe at all!
However, from within that white mist, the aura of the Transition Realm’s sixth grade realm was continuously emanating outwards!
This was a bit of a surprise to that green-clothed middle-aged man, after all, many people were hiding their identity realm, in order to take them by surprise!
However, the person in this white mist was deliberately exposing his aura, how could anyone else do this?