“Huo Qing? What strength is this guy?”
Chen Ping had to figure out what strength it was before he could do so!
If the other party was a Fulfilled Immortal Realm cultivator, then Chen Ping would have to find a way to hide!
“The strength is not on par with me, it’s just that this guy is extremely deep in his city and has an incredibly dark nature, this execution order must have been issued by him in order to kill two birds with one stone.”
“At that time, when many cultivators see the execution order, they will definitely come to kill you for 100,000 immortal spirit stones, so that he will save himself from doing it.”
“And after killing you, they will definitely go to the Ten Temples to collect the bounty, and at that time, it will be impossible for my father to come up with one hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones.”
“In that case, my father would end up with no integrity to speak of, and Huo Qing would have served the purpose of disgusting my father.”
Yun Li’s evaluation of that Huo Qing was extremely poor!
“It’s just the peak of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, couldn’t you just abolish him or expel him from the Ten Temples, such a tiny cultivator, also dares to follow the temple master to fight against him, it seems that your Ten Temples aren’t very good either!”
Chen Ping listened to Yun Li’s words and somewhat dared not imagine that such a Mahayana realm cultivator would dare to follow the Hall Master against him!
“Ai, you don’t know, that Huo Qing has someone behind him, coming to my Ten Temples is just a transition.”
Yun Li sighed and said!
“Relationship ah?”
Chen Ping was instantly speechless, not expecting that in a place like the Celestial Realm, there could still be such a phenomenon as a related family!
To know that this kind of thing, in the secular world that was commonplace, which department did not have related households ah!
“What are you going to do next? I won’t be able to show my face until the Heaven Ascending Staircase appears, so there’s no way I can help you.”
Yun Li asked to Chen Ping!
“Soldiers come and go, since there is one who is looking for death, then I will fulfil him, there are no connected people in my eyes!”
Chen Ping said calmly!
“If that Huo Qing dares to come, I hope you’d better be able to kill him, so that he doesn’t find trouble for my father.”
Yun Li said to Chen Ping!
“Is this your way of begging me?”Chen Ping smiled!
“Sort of, I know your rules, I can give you one thing.”
After Yun Li finished speaking, he unexpectedly took out a scroll and handed it to Chen Ping!
“What is this? I don’t want that precious armour, it’s useless to me.”
Chen Ping took the scroll and asked!
“This is our God Race’s Body Refining Divine Scroll, our God Race has always followed the ordinary human race separately, and of course, the physical body can’t follow the ordinary human race that is generally so fragile, so our God Race has always been refining the body!”
“Although your realm has risen very quickly, and you are still able to fight over the levels, but you are not without weaknesses, the refining speed of your physical body has completely failed to keep up with your cultivation speed.”
“You have to know that along with your realm advancement, many feats need to have a strong physical body to support them, the stronger the physical body the stronger the feats.”
“That is why it might be helpful for you to have the Body Refining Divine Scroll of this Divine Race of ours.”
Yun Li said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, he also felt that Yun Li had a point, in fact, Chen Ping was also able to feel that the speed of the flesh body’s quenching was too slow right now!
“You gave me something that the Divine Race cultivated, isn’t this betraying the Divine Race?”
Chen Ping asked!
“I am no longer a member of the Divine Race now, why would I betray ah?”Yun Li smiled, “In fact, I also know that our self-proclaimed Divine Race is actually just the Human Race, there is no such thing as the Divine Race in the world ……”
Chen Ping looked at Yun Li with surprise, he did not expect Yun Li to be so clear-headed.
Opening that scroll, suddenly a white light entered between Chen Ping’s eyebrows!
Boom!
In an instant, countless information poured into Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
The Divine Clan’s Body Refining Divine Scroll was truly extraordinary, and it was many times stronger than that Ancient Body Refining Clan’s Body Refining Technique!