Seeing how strong the Blood Demon was, Chen Ping was simply in love with it and was simply happier than seeing a woman.
With such an invincible little brother by his side, what with the Martial Alliance, that was all rubbish!
While Chen Ping was getting excited, Fan Jiang threw a pot of cold water directly at Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen, hesitantly I don’t have an original body, so I can’t fully perform the spell, this puppet corpse can only last for seven days, after that it will turn into a corpse again.”
Fan Jiang said to Chen Ping.
When Chen Ping heard this, his original excitement instantly disappeared, “After seven days, can’t we continue to refine him after casting our spells?”
Fan Jiang let out a bitter smile, “Mr. Chen, refining a puppet corpse of this strength cannot be refined a second time, but you can keep the corpse, and when you have a suitable soul spirit, it is possible to control this corpse with the soul spirit.”
When Chen Ping heard this, his heart, which had been deflated, instantly had a glimmer of hope, but seven days was enough time to destroy the Martial Alliance!
“How long do you think it would take for this puppet corpse to exterminate the Wudao Alliance?”
Chen Ping asked.
Fan Jiang had been in the Martial Dao Alliance for over twenty years, he must know something about the inner workings of the Martial Dao Alliance! First published at https://m.lqzw.org
But Fan Jiang shook his head, “Mr. Chen, the waters of the Martial Dao Alliance are very deep, I don’t know much about the Martial Dao Alliance, but this puppet corpse is not invincible, he is just a corpse, and his strength is definitely not as strong as when he is alive.”
“And for the puppet corpse, the strength of the manipulator also has a lot to do with it, but to deal with those in the Martial Dao Alliance now, it should be handy.”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping nodded and said, “That will do, I always have to grow in strength myself, I can’t rely on a corpse for protection all day.”
“Mr. Chen, what about Master Hu?”
At this point Ge Yuhan remembered Pocky Hu, he hadn’t been seen.
“sh*t, bad, I forgot about Master Hu ……”
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, he instantly ran towards the main hall!
And at this moment, Pocky Hu was lying bruised and battered in the Great Hall, blood gushing out of his mouth!
“Grandmaster Hu, Grandmaster Hu ……”
Seeing Pocky Hu in that state, Chen Ping felt a pang of guilt inside.
If it wasn’t for Pocky Hu’s efforts to save him, he wouldn’t have become like this.
Chen Ping put his hand on Hu Ma Zi’s body and found that Hu Ma Zi wasn’t dead and still had his breath, so he hurriedly channeled a stream of spiritual energy into Hu Ma Zi’s body!
“Cough cough cough …………”
Pocky Hu coughed twice and finally slowly opened his eyes!
Seeing that Pocky Hu was awake, Chen Ping hurriedly asked happily, “Master Hu, are you alright?”
“Slippery …… tender …… white ………… ”
Pockmarked Hu’s mouth chattered, Chen Ping listened for a moment in confusion, not knowing what this Pockmarked Hu was talking about!
But soon, Chen Ping heard out, directly speechless, this Hu Pazi are dying, but still thinking about just that woman’s snow-white thighs!
Because Chen Ping knew that this Blood Demon’s flesh would not last for a few days, he put Pocky Hu on Penglai Island and told Du Nan to keep a good eye on him, then took Ge Yuhan and the others and returned directly to Kyoto!
Ge Yuhan had returned, making Gu Ling’er and the girls very happy, and the group of girls could play happily in the Red Lotus Palace again!
Chen Ping did not tell Gu Ling’er and the girls about his intention to destroy the Martial Alliance, for fear that they would worry about him, and for fear that they would be in danger if they followed.
Chen Ping took Fan Jiang and the Blood Demon back to the Dragon Family, and it was now Long Wu who sat in the Long Family.
“Chen Ping, the Martial Dao Alliance has not been idle during the time you were away, I don’t know where they found the experts from, now the number of Great Martial Marquis within the Martial Dao Alliance has been heard to have reached eight.”
After Long Wu saw Chen Ping, he hurriedly said.
“Eight Great Martial Marquises?”
Chen Ping faintly stared, “Where did they find so many Grand Martial Marquis?”