Zhu Zhishan and Long Xiao also walked up curiously, afraid that nothing would be left under such a blast.
But when people looked down, they found Chen Ping lying in the middle of a deep pit, covered in blood and flesh, with his white bones exposed!
Covered in wounds and bloodstained, he could no longer be seen in human form.
“This Chen Ping’s fleshly body is really strong, under such a lightning tribulation, it’s amazing that his body hasn’t turned to pieces!”
“As the saying goes, if the sky is crazy, there will be rain, and if people are crazy, there will be trouble.
“This Chen Ping is dead, his body is in this state, I’m afraid that even if his body form comes, he can’t be saved ……”
The crowd whispered.
And Long Xiao looked at Chen Ping in that state, the corners of his mouth raised slightly, he finally got his revenge, although he didn’t get to torture Chen Ping properly, and he didn’t get to take the treasures on Chen Ping for himself, but as long as Chen Ping was dead, he could rest easy.
And at this moment, Zhu Zhishan, looking at Chen Ping in the deep pit, who was motionless, did not think that Chen Ping was dead, like the others did.
“Xu Song, go down and take a look, and bring up Chen Ping’s body for me ……”
Zhu Zhishan wanted to verify it personally, and if it didn’t work, he would just burn Chen Ping’s corpse to see how he could still be resurrected.
Xu Song smelled the burning smell, his brow couldn’t help but frown, the man was like this, how could he still be alive!
They could not disobey Zhu Zhishan’s order, so they could only wave their hands and lead the men to go down into the deep pit and bring up Chen Ping’s body!
But just as Xu Song was about to go down, suddenly Chen Ping’s body moved!
At this moment, everyone drew in a cold breath.
“It’s moving, it’s moving ……”
Someone shouted.
Only to see Chen Ping forcefully support his body and slowly stand up.
Although Chen Ping’s body was now so scarred that he couldn’t even see his appearance, except that Chen Ping’s eyes were incredibly bright with a blazing rage in them!
“Sure enough, he’s not dead!” Zhu Zhishan’s eyes narrowed, “Today I will have to watch Chen Ping’s corpse being strangled into mush with my own eyes before I can do so ……”
Even if Chen Ping didn’t die like this, Zhu Zhishan would become even more cautious.
Chen Ping’s body shone with a faint golden light as he took one difficult step towards the top of the deep pit.
When the crowd saw Chen Ping like this, they actually took the initiative to make way, and many of them revealed their admiration!
And that Ge Jiayi actually ignored Zhu Zhishan’s threat, and flung out a coin from her hand, pulling Chen Ping straight up immediately afterwards!
But Zhu Zhishan didn’t say anything, even if Chen Ping had come up, he would still have died!
Even if Chen Ping had become like this, any one of them could have killed him.
Chen Ping looked coldly at Long Xiao, the formation inside his body had been broken under the lightning tribulation just now.
Chen Ping’s spiritual energy was now slowly recovering, and a faint golden light began to shine on his body!
“The formation has been broken, that Chen Ping’s strength is recovering, make a move ……”
An anxious voice flashed in Long Xiao’s mind!
Long Xiao nodded his head, followed by a black light rising from his body, followed by a leap.
“Chen Ping, this time I’ll see if you die ……”
Long Xiao slammed his fist into Chen Ping, intending to staggering Chen Ping into meat paste!
And Chen Ping also took the opportunity to leap up, and then twisted his body in mid-air.
Long Xiao frowned, not knowing what this Chen Ping was up to, but he still smashed his fist into Chen Ping’s chest!
A huge force instantly sent Chen Ping flying.
This time, Chen Ping did not use the slightest bit of spiritual power to resist, and just let Long Xiao apply all his power to his body.