Chen Ping followed the youngest sibling to the big tree, but he did not find anyone, which made Chen Ping feel a little surprised!
“Damn, it’s not possible that that dog bear is lying to us, right?”
The youngest sibling’s brother found that there was no one under the big tree and said angrily!
“Shouldn’t be, he gave me all the jade pendants, and cheating me won’t benefit him in the slightest!”
Chen Ping shook his head and said!
Just at this time, a faint sound of help suddenly sounded!
“Help …………”
The sound was very faint, and if it wasn’t for Chen Ping’s exceptional hearing, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to hear it at all!
“Someone is shouting for help ……”
Chen Ping glanced at the direction of the voice and his divine sense instantly radiated out!
“Where is it? How come I didn’t hear it?”
“I didn’t hear it either!”
The two siblings all shook their heads, indicating that they had not heard it!
At this time, Chen Ping had already rushed out!
Seeing this, the two siblings also followed Chen Ping and rushed out together!
And at a distance of tens of miles from Chen Ping and the others, two big and burly men were surrounding a girl with a teasing lewd smile on their faces!
The girl was trembling at the moment, her eyes filled with fear!
“Don’t come over you two, my brother will be back soon ……”
The girl was holding a dagger in her hand, threatening the two big men!
“Xiong Ying, don’t even think about it, your brother has been caught in the prison, it’s impossible for him to be coming out, otherwise the two of us wouldn’t have the chance to enjoy enjoy enjoy ah!”
One of the strong men said!
It turned out that this girl was that Xiong Cuo’s sister Xiong Ying!
“No way, my brother can’t be in jail, you guys are lying to me ……”
Xiong Ying cried!
“If your brother isn’t in jail, how come he hasn’t come back after so many days? The two of us have watched him get arrested with our own eyes.”
The burly man licked his lips and said impatiently!
“You two are my brother’s best friends, seeing him in jail you don’t even care and come to bully me, are you still human?”
Xiong Ying cursed angrily, knowing that these two burly men were both Xiong Cuo’s best friends!
These two guys were also transformed by black bears and followed Xiong Cuo to eat and drink!
But now that Xiong Gwak had just been arrested, the two of them made a move against Xiong Ying!
One must know that the two of them had long coveted Xiong Ying’s beauty for a long time!
“We are helping you, how are we bullying you, your strength is too low, the two of us went out of our way to use our spiritual energy to double-cultivate with you, just so you could raise your cultivation.”
The strong man who spoke first defended!
“I shucks, I won’t let you two have your way even if I die.”
After Xiong Ying finished speaking, the dagger in his hand, instantly slashed towards his neck!
But just as soon as he moved, a burly man slapped out his palm, sending the dagger in Xiong Ying’s hand flying out!
It was important to know that these two big men were both at the 9th level of the Transitional Realm, while Xiong Ying was only at the 7th level of the Transitional Realm, so it was impossible for him to be a match for these two men!
After slapping the dagger in Xiong Ying’s hand away, the two men directly pounced on him, and one of them grabbed an arm, as if they wanted to split Xiong Ying in two!
“I’ll go first ……”
“Me first ……”
The two strong men scrambled, wanting to follow Xiong Ying’s double cultivation first!
“Stop ……”
At this moment, a cold shout followed by Chen Ping’s figure appearing in front of the two men!
The two burly men froze, then sized up Chen Ping and said, “Kid, don’t spoil our good deed, get out of the way right now!”
Seeing that the two burly men’s attention was attracted by Chen Ping, Xiong Ying violently erupted an appalling aura and broke free from the two men’s control!
The two burly men were also shaken and retreated several steps before stopping!
Xiong Ying ran behind Chen Ping and said with tears in her eyes, “Fellow Daoist save me, the two of them forced me to double cultivate, I don’t want to, I don’t want to ……”
Chen Ping looked at Xiong Ying, and his eyes instantly froze a little!
This was because he realised that the girl in front of him was simply too beautiful!
The girl was like a fairy that stepped out lightly from an ancient painting, her beauty was not just the delicate piling up of her features, but also the extraordinary temperament that made it unforgettable at a glance.