Rumble ……
The dragon and tiger collided, and the terror got the after-effects spread out in all directions.
The golden dragon’s body was instantly dispersed by the tiger’s collision, and the terrifying blade was no less sharp, heading straight for Chen Ping.
The blade was extremely fast, slashing straight at Chen Ping.
Boom!
There was another loud bang, and a wound was instantly slashed across Chen Ping’s chest.
His body also flew backwards heavily.
Fan Jiang struck a blow, but did not stop, instead he slid his hands and a sharp blade came again.
Swiftly, they slashed across Chen Ping’s body.
Brush Brush Brush …………
Chen Ping’s body was sliced by one of the sharp blades, and blood immediately shot out.
Within a short while, Chen Ping’s body was already bruised and battered!
Chen Ping’s face turned pale as the strong power of the divine dragon continued to surround his body, but it still could not stop the sharp sharp edges.
With Chen Ping’s invincible golden body broken, there was no way to stop the blade with his strong physical body!
Seeing Chen Ping’s miserable appearance, Fan Jiang sneered, “With such strength as yours, you can still turn the Kyoto martial arts world upside down, it seems that the martial arts world has really fallen into despair ……”
Chen Ping did not speak, gritting his teeth as he slowly stood up from the ground.
Since he could not defeat that Fan Jiang by force, Chen Ping planned to trap him with his magic techniques, as long as he left himself a chance, he could escape by relying on the Qiankun Circle.
A faint blue glow emerged from Chen Ping’s body, followed by a light blue flame burning on the Zhan Long Sword!
This was spirit fire, the spirit fire for refining pills!
“Spiritual Fire Chopping ……”
Chen Ping gathered the Qi within his body and instantly chopped out with his sword.
This time, a fire dragon that raised its voice to the sky appeared, and after letting out a loud dragon roar, it spat out spirit fire and quickly rushed towards Fan Jiang!
Fan Jiang’s eyes stared, “To think that you can use spirit fire, you really have some skills ……”
After Fan Jiang said that, his hands slightly shook, and he recited the words in his mouth, a tiger roar came out, only to see a fierce tiger, like a cold ice casting, appeared out of thin air.
The tiger roared and a pillar of water surprisingly rose to the sky.
Water and fire are incompatible and are born together.
“Give me extermination ……”
Fan Jiang let out an explosive shout, and the cold ice fierce tiger charged straight at the fire dragon.
Zizhi zizhi …………
A sound that seemed to be flames burning rang out.
The spirit fire on the fire dragon dimmed a lot, but it didn’t go out, instead it directly broke through that cold ice fierce tiger and went towards that Fan Jiang.
“Samadhi True Fire?”
A trace of panic flashed in Fan Jiang’s eyes instantly!
Before he could react, that flame had already landed on his body.
Fan Jiang was instantly enveloped by the flames, and the searing burning sensation made Fan Jiang suffer!
Fan Jiang was so shocked that a black mist instantly emerged from his body, which coalesced into the form of an armour and wrapped his body directly in it!
He hoped to use this method to extinguish the flames on his body!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly stabbed out his sword, the sword’s aura shining with a cold light, and stabbed straight towards Fan Jiang.
This kind of opportunity, if he could kill Fan Jiang with a single stab, Chen Ping would not have to be chased by this fellow.
“Good boy, not escaping when you have the chance, but still dare to move to kill ……”
Fan Jiang was furious when he saw that Chen Ping had taken the opportunity to kill himself!
The tiger head sword in his hand was backhandedly waved, and the blade that coalesced out, directly met it.
Even though he was burned by the spirit fire, that Fan Jiang’s perseverance was beyond normal, and in this situation, he was still able to resist!
Boom!
The sword and blade clashed with each other, and the small mountain not far away was cracked and rocks rolled down!
The terrifying might instantly caused Chen Ping to fall back a dozen metres and added many wounds to his body.
The flames on Fan Jiang’s body went out, and the armour, which was condensed from the black mist, was directly damaged.
Although it did not cause any substantial damage to Fan Jiang, it did make him look very distressed.
His face was all marked with smoke and fire, and his clothes were in tatters!