“Heavens, what kind of gong method is Junior Brother using, why did he even suddenly grow an eye?”
“This can’t be the opening of a heavenly eye, right? Could it be that Junior Senior Brother is the Chosen Son of Heaven?”
“Opening a heavenly eye, it’s definitely opening a heavenly eye, look at the light emanating from that divine eye, it all carries an immortal aura!”
Seeing Chen Ping’s third eye that suddenly appeared, many people began to talk about it!
When the old Sect Master saw Chen Ping’s third eye appear, he also instantly became astonished!
It was because the moment Chen Ping’s third eye appeared, it gave him a mind-blowing feeling!
Huo Yuanting, on the other hand, had a shocked look on his face, and the mood he had just relaxed gave way again as he looked at Huo Dong very nervously.
“What other skills do you have, feel free to use them ……”
Chen Ping looked at that Huo Dong, the corner of his mouth slightly raised and said!
Huo Dong’s eyes were slightly condensed, although he was holding the Divine Flame Seal in his hand, however, Huo Dong’s heart was also starting to have fear!
“Chen Ping, don’t be complacent, you are the one who forced me to this point, I will let you know that there is no way to overcome a true realm gap.”
“You are only a mere fourth rank of the Ferrying Realm, even if you know more techniques, it is still futile ……”
Rumble …………
Right after Huo Dong finished speaking, a radiant flame breath from the Divine Flame Seal continuously surged into Huo Dong’s body!
At the same time the clear sky, in an instant, clouded over, and dark clouds in all directions, madly surged towards Chen Ping and their place!
A fierce wind whistled up, and the sky and earth instantly became dim!
It was as if the end of the world had come!
“Robbery clouds? Could it be that this Huo Dong is going to glory in the Mahayana Realm?”
Seeing the sudden surge of black clouds, the old Sect Master was instantly surprised!
“By the looks of it, this Huo Dong is actually using the Divine Flame Seal to transmigrate, is he crazy, how could he dare to transmigrate a thunderbolt during a competition?”
Elder Yu also said in surprise!
After all, transmitting a tribulation is very dangerous, transmitting a tribulation during a competition, then if the opponent interferes, not only will the tribulation fail, they might even lose their lives!
Zhu Ling and the girls were all filled with shock as well, so they shouted at Chen Ping, “Junior Brother, hurry up and do it, we can’t let his Thunder Tribulation Cloud take shape.”
At this time, Huo Dong was at his weakest, if Chen Ping made a move to stop that Huo Dong from crossing the tribulation, there was still a high chance of success!
However, Huo Dong laughed out loud, “You don’t need to think of sneak attacking me when I’m crossing the tribulation, I’ve already anticipated this, I’ve been stuck at the peak of the tribulation realm for a long time, in order to use the Divine Flame Seal to help me glorify the Mahayana realm.”
“When I truly reach the Mahayana realm, you will be nothing more than an ant in front of my eyes, the gap between great realms is not something that a few of your feats can make up for.”
“Just wait for your death, I will let you know how powerful a Mahayana realm cultivator is!”
Huo Dong originally did not want to glory in the Mahayana Realm while fighting after Chen Ping, but now there was no way out, if he did not truly become a Mahayana Realm cultivator, there was really no way to deal with Chen Ping!
“Have you forgotten that your Elder Tu seems to be a Mahayana realm cultivator as well, but he was still beaten like a grandson by mine.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Chen Ping did not seem to be afraid at all of Huo Dong’s ascension to the Mahayana Realm cultivation, nor did he have any intention of stopping him!
“Hmph, Elder Tu said a long time ago that you are relying on the Demonic Soul Possession to forcefully raise your strength, but this Demonic Soul Possession has a backlash, and your body will soon suffer from the backlash.”
“When I have elevated to the Mahayana realm, I will see that you still have a demonic soul to help you!”
Huo Dong snorted coldly!
“Good, then I will wait for you ……”
Chen Ping quietly watched Huo Dong raise his cultivation level!
And he himself even lit a cigarette and inhaled it hard, that look screamed enjoyment!
Dark thunderbolt clouds filled the sky as a streak of lightning streaked through the thunderbolt clouds!