“Mr Cheng, why don’t you find your friend a dress ……”
Jiang Yulian said to Chen Ping with a red face!
After all, Ochre Yan was standing naked in front of her, Jiang Yulian was very shy!
Chen Ping reacted and hurriedly looked for clothes to put on Ochre Yan!
Patriarch Jiang also struck such a body with a spiritual power, and only then did Ochre Yan wake up leisurely!
But at this moment, half of the entire Soul Flower’s bush had already disappeared!
In order to reshape Ochre Amazing’s physical body, Patriarch Jiang also expended his efforts, after all, he was Chen Ping’s friend, and Patriarch Jiang had to do so for Chen Ping’s sake!
“Mr Cheng, this physical body of your friend, I’m afraid that he has raised several realms at once, my master used half of the soul flowers to reshape it for him, you have to know that reshaping a physical body for others is just using the usual resources.”
Zheng Jian said to Chen Ping!
And at this time, Ochre Yan who had already woken up, felt the power of his body, looked at his regained physical body, inwardly thrilled plopped down and knelt in front of Patriarch Jiang.
“Patriarch Jiang, I, Ochre Yan, will always remember your renewed kindness in my heart ……”
Ochre Yan directly kowtowed to Patriarch Jiang!
“Fellow Daoist, please get up, I’m also doing this for Mr Cheng’s sake, he saved my life, so I have to do this.”
“If you want to thank, it’s better to thank Mr Cheng ……”
Patriarch Jiang said!
Ochre Yan turned around and kowtowed to Chen Ping “Mr Chen, thank you, following you for this period of time has allowed me to grow a lot, and now you’ve given life back, thank you ……”
Ochre Yan said excitedly, but completely forgot that Chen Ping had changed his identity long ago now, and was not called Chen Ping at all!
“Mr Chen?”
Patriarch Jiang, Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian looked at Chen Ping at the same time!
Ochre Yan froze, knowing that he had spoken out of turn, and was filled with embarrassment, not knowing how to explain it!
Chen Ping instead smiled slightly “Actually, my surname is not Cheng, my surname is Chen, called Chen Ping ……”
Chen Ping finished, the body appearance in the rapid change, into their original appearance!
The reason why Chen Ping dared to reveal his identity was because he believed in the Soul Demon Sect and in Patriarch Jiang’s character!
“Chen Ping? That Chen Ping that the Demon Sealing Alliance took out a hundred years of offerings to hunt down?”
Zheng Jian asked incredulously!
Chen Ping nodded “Not bad, the one that the Demon Sealing Alliance is chasing after is me, kill me and you will get the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings!”
Zheng Jian was stunned and then waved his hands!
Patriarch Jiang, on the other hand, said with a serious look on his face “Mister Chen, I actually knew that you had hidden your identity a long time ago, the reason why I didn’t dismantle you is because I believe in you, and I also know that you have a hard time.”
“Since you have already revealed your identity, my Soul Demon Sect is not the type of villain to renege and be ungrateful.”
“You saved two of my disciples and saved my life, if we were to make a move against you now in exchange for a hundred years of offerings from the Demon Sealing Alliance, would we still be considered human?”
“Please rest assured, Mr Chen, within my Soul Demon Sect, if anyone dares to make a move against you for the sake of the Demon Sealing Alliance’s one hundred years of offerings, I will by no means spare …… them lightly.”
As Patriarch Jiang finished speaking, he purposely looked at Jian Zheng!
This startled Zheng Jian and hurriedly explained “Not to mention the Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred years of offerings, even if I were to be allowed to ascend to Immortality right away, I would not be able to make a move on Mr Chen, that kind of ungratefulness, I would never do it, if I did ungratefulness, even if I became an Immortal, what would be the use.”
Zheng Jian surfaced his stance, he was really afraid that if Chen Ping had something, his own master would count it against him!
“Patriarch Jiang, of course I believe in your Soul Demon Sect’s character, otherwise I wouldn’t easily reveal my true identity.”
“Truth be told, I hid my identity to come to the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, but also in order to find the Demon Swallowing Cave, and then go in to find out what’s going on!”
Chen Ping stated his true purpose!