“Why did you come out?”
Although Chen Ping did not turn around, he knew that Zhu Qingxiu was already behind him.
“I’m saying goodbye to you, I’m going to leave and find a deserted island to cultivate!”
Zhu Qingxiu looked a little flustered when she saw that Chen Ping had spotted her!
“This is too close to land, don’t you want to go a little deeper into the Dead Sea?”
Chen Ping turned around!
Zhu Qingxiu did not dare to look at Chen Ping’s eyes, her eyes were a little evasive!
After all, last night she had taken the initiative to offer herself and had not yet offered herself, as a woman, it was indeed a little embarrassing!
“No, this place is close to the mainland, I can still go home to see my father more often.”
Zhu Qingxiu smiled faintly!
“Alright, I respect your opinion, if you need any help, you can always find me!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he actually directly pulled out a large sound transmission jade slip and gave it to Zhu Qingxiu!
Zhu Qingxiu did not refuse, and after receiving those voice transmission jade slips, she looked at Chen Ping, and then leapt up and directly jumped down from the blimp!
“Aren’t you going to follow your sister to say goodbye?”
Chen Ping was a bit puzzled, how could this Zhu Qingxiu just leave without following Zhu Qingyue to say goodbye?
“No need, so as not to grieve each other, you can just say goodbye to my sister.”
After Zhu Qingxiu finished speaking, her figure also completely disappeared!
Chen Ping looked at Zhu Qingxiu’s back as she left, and surprisingly felt a sense of sadness!
In fact, Zhu Qingxiu, this woman was not easy either!
A woman, but carrying the mission of the Ten Thousand Swords Sect on her shoulders, and also being chased by the Demon Sealing Alliance and that Fan Xianbo, it really wasn’t easy ah!
Would he have gone too far last night?
Zhu Qingxiu, a woman, must have made a great determination last night, he should have given her some comfort!
“Kid, regret?”At this moment, the voice of the Red Cloud Demon Lord rang out!
“Regret what ah?”
Chen Ping asked, feigning ignorance!
“Of course, I regret not playing with that woman… If you don’t eat the meat that’s right next to your mouth, are you still a man?”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch teased at Chen Ping.
“I am a decent man, she is a clean and innocent girl, how can I just say play.”
Chen Ping said with a decent look!
“Can you die without pretending? How many women have you played with and you still have the face to say that!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch turned Chen Ping!
“Mr Chen, where is my sister?”
At this time, Zhu Qingyue also came to the top of the blimp!
She hadn’t seen Zhu Qingxiu inside the blimp, so she had come out to take a look!
“Your sister left, she asked me to let you know ……”
Chen Ping said!
“Left?”Zhu Qingyue froze, then looked at the vast Dead Sea, tears streaming out, “Sister ……”
Chen Ping could not see this sadness of parting and returned to the blimp!
After the blimp reached a sea area, Chen Ping then asked Ji Yun to levitate the blimp as he plunged headlong into the Dead Sea!
He wanted to rescue Zi’er, one of the Seven Immortals, from the Dead Sea, and then take it to the Soul Demon Sect, so that Patriarch Jiang could help to reshape her physical body!
Zi’er, who had been attached to a tree, looked very happy to see that Chen Ping had really returned!
After all, after so many days had passed, she did not know how Chen Ping was doing and thought that he had forgotten about her!
Chen Ping took Zi’er and headed straight to the Soul Demon Sect of the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
However, before arriving at the Soul Demon Sect, Chen Ping made a trip to the Guang Han Palace to see the Guang Han Palace Palace Master and the girls!
By the way, he asked about the Mu Family, he had killed two of the Mu Family’s sons, so the Mu Family’s head of the family would definitely not let it go!
Luckily, the Mu Family Master hadn’t come out of seclusion, the last large-scale armed fight had attracted the Southern Domain Master, causing the Mu Family Master to be injured, so the time in seclusion had been lengthened!
After leaving from the Guanghan Palace, Chen Ping arrived at the Soul Demon Sect, then Chen Ping handed Zi’er over to Patriarch Jiang and also left behind two Heavenly Demon Stones, which were for Zi’er’s remodelling of her physical body!
After leaving the Soul Demon Sect, Chen Ping and the others headed straight to the Western Region!
Although the airship was fast, the journey was too far, so Chen Ping simply closed his eyes and cultivated!