Gao Qijie surveyed the few people around Chen Ping, apart from Liu Ruyan and the tile jar, Shi Tieqiao and that old crone were both of the fifth rank of the Harmony Realm, while Ji Yun was even of the seventh rank of the Harmony Realm!
In terms of strength alone, they were indeed higher than the few people he had brought along!
Gao Qijie’s gaze swept over Ji Yun and the others twice before saying “This brother, we are from the Gao family, the Gao family in the extreme north, I’m sure you’ve heard of it, I don’t know what you are?”
Gao Qijie could tell that Ji Yun and Shi Tieqiao, the three of them, did not look like they were following Chen Ping together!
Thought it could be seen from the standing position, as soon as Gao Qijie led the men out, Liu Ruyan and the tile jar stood directly to Chen Ping’s left and right, seemingly protecting him!
And Shi Tieqiao and the old crone all surrounded Ji Yun, protecting him.
From this, Gao Qijie deduced that Chen Ping was not following Ji Yun together, but perhaps they were in a temporary group!
I must say that this Gao Qijie’s observation and judgement skills were good!
“I am Ji Yun of the Flying Sky Clan ……”
Of course Ji Yun had heard of the Gao family and knew of their strength in the Far North!
“Oh, so it’s a brother from the Flying Sky Clan, my respects ……”
“I have a bit of a personal beef following this guy, I hope Brother Ji Yun won’t interfere.”
Gao Qijie said with a fist clasp!
Ji Yun froze for a moment and was unsure of how to reply when Chen Ping slowly spoke “No need for others to interfere, I can clean you up myself ……”
When Gao Qijie heard this, he immediately laughed “Kid, what big words are you talking about? The ones I brought are all the elites of our Gao family, each one of them is at the fifth rank of the Combined Body realm!”
“With just yourself, you still want to clean us up? You dream on ……”
“If you don’t believe me, you can try, but after you lose, get the hell away from me and don’t mess with me again ……”
Chen Ping didn’t want to kill Gao Qijie, because right now Chen Ping didn’t want to follow the Gao family into a deadly feud!
The main thing for Chen Ping at the moment was to find the treasure.
“Good, if you can defeat these few people from my Gao family, I will definitely hide far away when I see you in the future ……”
Gao Qijie agreed with his mouth full, because he didn’t believe Chen Ping could win!
“All of you, stand down!”
Chen Ping told Wajang and Liu Ruyan to retreat!
The two nodded and then retreated backwards, they also knew Chen Ping’s strength, just these few 5th ranked cultivators of the Combined Body realm, Chen Ping could easily deal with them!
Ji Yun also led Shi Tieqiao and the others to take a few steps backwards, then looked at Gao Qijie like a joke, because he knew that in a moment this Gao Qijie was going to be hit in the face by Chen Ping!
“Gather around ……”
As soon as Gao Qijie waved his hand, the four senior elites surrounded Chen Ping!
“Kid, I’m going to turn you into an ice sculpture and seal you forever in this far north land ……”
Gao Qijie smiled coldly, then a burst of white mist instantly erupted from his body!
At the same time, the four senior elite henchmen all began to erupt with bursts of white mist, which were all cold qi.
Wherever the cold qi passed, even the air gave way to freezing!
The five men’s cold Qi enveloped towards Chen Ping!
“Stop it …………”
Just as Chen Ping was about to be enveloped by the cold Qi, a delicate cry suddenly rang out!
Immediately afterwards, Gao Qilan leapt and landed beside Chen Ping, followed by a wave of her palm, and those cold Qi instantly spread in all directions!
Seeing this, Gao Qijie hurriedly withdrew the cold Qi and looked at Gao Qilan, “Sister, what are you doing?”
“Little Jie, how can you hurt people with your hands?”
Gao Qilan questioned at Gao Qijie!
“Sis, this guy humiliated me in the Jialing County ring, of course I want to take revenge.”
“Do you know him? Why are you helping him?”
Gao Qijie asked in disbelief!
“Nonsense, he is my saviour, if it wasn’t for him, your sister and I would have been killed by now.”
Gao Qilan said loudly!