Seeing this, Chen Ping pointed at the sky with the Zenglong Sword in his hand, and a green aura instantly flew out from the Zenglong Sword, which was the sword spirit in the Zenglong Sword.
Just as it hovered above the head of the demon sword, a black light flashed from the sword and a black aura appeared.
When Chen Ping saw the black aura appear, the corners of his mouth could not help but raise slightly, this was the sword spirit of that magic sword, one green and one black instantly entwined together.
However, the strength of the demon sword was not bad, although the Dragon Cutting Sword was an ancient spirit sword, but because the sword spirit of the Dragon Cutting Sword had not yet grown up, its strength was not yet fully developed, so it followed the sword spirit of the demon sword to tangle with it, and obviously fell a bit behind.
Ding ………
Chen Ping flicked his finger at the magic sword, which instantly made a crisp sound and then broke in half.
Without the spirit of the sword, the magic sword was no different from an ordinary sword in Chen Ping’s hand.
After the sword body broke, the black aura, which had been dominant, instantly became much dimmer, while the sword spirit of the Dragon Cutting Sword seized the moment and swallowed the magic sword spirit in one bite.
The green aura was infinitely enlarged, and the countless sword qi in the land of the sword mound was rapidly absorbed into the green aura.
This lifeless piece of dead land began to sprout trees and flowers, and this land of sword mounds instantly disappeared.
The strength of the Dragon Cutting Sword had reached the level of a Martial Saint weapon, which made Chen Ping’s heart excited.
The old man, who was not far away, looked at the scene in front of him and his entire body was dumbfounded, he had never thought that the demonic sword that they had suppressed with their lives for hundreds of years would be handled by Chen Ping with such ease.
“Ai …………”
The old man suddenly sighed.
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Chopping Sword and walked towards the old man, “What are you?”
He saw the old man slowly get up and said with a relieved expression, “I am the Patriarch of the Asking Sword Sect ……”
“Then who was the one in the black cloak just now?”
Chen Ping was amazed, how could someone look exactly the same!
“That was me too ……”
The old man said.
This confused Chen Ping!
Looking at Chen Ping’s confused face, the Ask the Sword Sect Patriarch slowly told Chen Ping.
It turned out that the one in the black cloak was only the demon of the Asking Sword Patriarch, and this demon controlled the demonic sword!
In fact, this sword used to be called the Heavenly Flying Sword, which was said to have flown in from beyond the Nine Heavens and then inserted into the Sword Asking Clan.
For many years, the Sword Sect had guarded the flying sword, and many people had learned many sword techniques from the flying sword!
But when it came to this old man’s generation, because of his own greed, he wanted to take that flying sword for himself and get the full heritage of the flying sword!
So he persuaded several elders to unite and pull out the Flying Sword from beyond the sky!
Several of them then studied it, but unknowingly went off the deep end and the demon took control of the flying sword!
In time, the Flying Sword went on a killing spree in the Sword Sect!
The entire Asking Sword Sect turned into a slaughterhouse, with corpses everywhere and rivers of blood flowing everywhere.
At the last moment, the Sword Asking Clan Patriarch and a few elders came to their senses!
They then used the entire sword formation of the Sword Asking Sect, including their lives, to suppress the flying sword in this land of sword mounds!
As time pa*sed, many people broke into this place, but could not even step into it!
And the sword formation that suppressed this flying sword, as well as several of their souls, have become weaker and weaker, and there is no telling when this flying sword will reappear and plague the world!
In that case, the sins of all of them would become even heavier!
Now the sudden appearance of Chen Ping made them all seem to see hope, which was why the previous old man had suddenly talked to Chen Ping about atonement.