“Brother Luo, brother Luo you’ve finally come ……”
Hearing this voice, Qiu Wanha was instantly ecstatic and directly ran out!
In the courtyard of the Qiu Mansion, a man who was several metres tall and five big and three thick was looking at that Qiu Wanha with a smile on his face!
If Chen Ping was here, he would definitely be able to recognise at a glance that the big man in front of him was that Luo Ta!
Luo Ta, who had been destroyed and resurrected by Mr Bie Shi!
At this time, Luo Ta was red-faced and had long since lost the wretchedness that he had felt when he had been decapitated at that time!
“Elder brother Qiu, is it that you prepared too many Immortal Spirit Stones and don’t have enough funds in your hand?”
“I can tell you, this time I want more Immortal Spirit Stones, I want as many as you have!”
Luo Ta looked at Qiu Wanha that way and asked!
It turns out that the Immortal Spirit Stones in Luo Ta’s storage bag were all purchased from this Qiu Wanha’s hands, no wonder this guy would have a map in his hands, and then marked the place of the Beast City!
This guy was able to pass through the layers of illusory formations and came to this Beast City, surely it was also Qiu Wanha who messed around with it, allowing this Luo Ta to come and go as he pleased!
“Brother Luo, let’s just go inside and talk!”
Qiu Wanha invited Luo Ta into the room!
After Luo Ta sat down in the hall, Qiu Wanha clapped his palms very wisely, and then out came two wonderful young girls, one dainty, and sat next to Luo Ta!
Luo Ta lightly and familiarly embraced the two young girls, big hands ravaged, not the slightest regard for that Qiu Wanha in the side!
Qiu Wanha didn’t care either, and seemed to have already got used to it!
Although Luo Ta was a divine temple’s envoy, and the divine temple’s resources were good, there was one thing that made Luo Ta speechless, and that was that the female cultivators within the divine temple were really too few!
Coupled with the rules of the divine temple, people of the divine race had to follow the divine female cultivator to combine dual cultivation in order to maintain the purity of the divine race’s bloodline!
This created a situation where there were too many monks and not enough gruel, and many Divine Race cultivators were not able to find a dual cultivation partner!
Luo Ta was no exception, luckily he could now come to Beast City to acquire immortal spirit stones, so here, with no one to restrain or control, Luo Ta could find a woman for dual cultivation as he pleased!
Qiu Wanha also knew Luo Ta’s preference, so every time he came over, Qiu Wanha would prepare two dainty young girls for Luo Ta!
“Brother Luo, I ……”
“Elder brother Qiu, don’t say anything first, old brother is suffocating, wait for me to vent and vent!”
Luo Ta was holding two young girls in his arms, where else would he have the heart to listen to that Qiu Wanha!
When Qiu Wanha heard this, he was a bit speechless, but he didn’t dare to refuse, he could only squeeze out a smile with a bitter face and said, “That’s good, brother Luo will play first ……”
After saying that, Qiu Wanha walked out, when Qiu Wanha’s feet had just stepped out of the room, he heard the sound of a woman shouting from behind him!
Qiu Wanha could only quickly shut the door, this Luo Ta was also too eager.
Listening to the sound inside the room, Qiu Wanha can only wait outside, boredom to light himself a pot of wakefulness smoke, jade mouthpiece emitting green light, at a glance is worth a lot of money!
After inhaling two mouthfuls, Qiu Wanha only felt refreshed, and the boredom in his heart was much less!
Slowly exhaling the smoke, Qiu Wanha was about to take a puff when he heard the voices inside the room stop!
“Elder brother Qiu, come in ……”
Luo Ta’s voice rang out!
Qiu Wanha froze, looked at the hand has not finished smoking wake up cigarettes, can only helplessly all to knock out!
This is also too fast, I haven’t even finished my own cigarettes!
This can be a few minutes?
It is estimated to be just a few dozen seconds. ……
Qiu Wanha pushed open the door, and the two young girls walked out with a look of intent!
Luo Ta, on the other hand, was all flushed, a smile spreading across his face, a look of relief!
“Brother Luo is really getting better and better ……”
Qiu Wanha said against his conscience after entering the door!