…………
Inside the Valley of the Wicked!
Ding BuDa is adjusting his breath, intending to cultivate and recuperate from his injuries!
While Ding Bu Er was leading the men to clean up the battlefield and then strengthen the defense of the Valley of the Wicked.
Ding Bu Si was a bit seriously injured and was in his room, with thick gauze wrapped around his legs!
Almost everyone in the entire Vicious Valley is wounded.
Only Ding Bu San, who was guarding the Demon Tower, and a few of the Vicious Valley experts were still intact!
Just as Ding BuDa was sitting down with his legs crossed, ready to recuperate, several terrifying auras suddenly came from outside the valley.
Ding’s heart trembled, and immediately afterwards, his whole body leapt up.
And at this moment, at the entrance of the Valley of the Wicked.
Ding Bu Er was following the people brought by Ning Zhi and confronting them!
“Who are you people? Quickly leave the Valley of the Wicked ……”
Ding Bu’er reprimanded loudly.
Ning Zhi held a folding fan in his hand and looked at Ding Bu Er with a disdainful expression.
If the Valley of the Wicked had not yet had the Qi of the Great War, Ning Zhi would not have dared to ignore the four wicked men so much.
But now, the Valley of the Wicked was nothing more than a giant that had long been deflated.
All it needed was a gentle push and it would collapse with a bang.
“I’m here to find Chen Ping, as long as you Wicked Over hand over Chen Ping, then I’ll leave immediately.”
“If you guys don’t hand over ……”
The corner of Ning Zhi’s mouth lifted, followed by the folding fan pointing to one side.
Rumble …………
A boulder shattered with a bang, turning into slag!
Ding Bu’er’s face turned ugly, there was no way Chen Ping and the others would hand it over.
Otherwise, they wouldn’t have followed the Luo family and fought to the death.
“Who the hell are you people? The Chen Ping you mentioned, I don’t know!”
Ding Bu’er could only pretend not to know now.
With the current strength of the Wicked Valley, he was afraid that he would no longer be able to withstand an attack.
“Hahahaha, since when did your Four Evil Men of the Vicious Valley start pretending to be crazy and foolish?”
“That Chen Ping is clearly in the valley, are you lying to children here by saying you don’t know?”
Ning Zhi laughed loudly, his face full of ridicule.
Ding Bu’er was so angry that he opened his mouth to swear.
But when he thought about the current situation in the Valley of the Wicked, he finally held back.
“Sir Ning, what are you doing here in my Vicious Valley with so many people?”
At this moment, Ding Da Da walked out from within the valley.
He recognized Ning Zhi at a glance, the Ning family was one of the top clan families in Kyoto.
“Master Ding Gu, I’ve only come to take Chen Ping away, nothing else!”
Ning Zhi said indifferently, “All you have to do is hand over Chen Ping, and I will leave immediately!”
“Impossible!” Ding didn’t dare say no flatly!
“In that case, then don’t blame me for being ungracious!”
Killing intent instantly erupted from Ning Zhi’s body.
“Hmph, you don’t treat me, the Valley of Evil, as a soft persimmon!”
As Ding Da finished speaking, his body also began to flicker with light as his aura continued to climb!
“Hahahaha, just don’t pretend, you are now seriously injured, but you are just the end of your strength.”
“All I need to do to deal with you is to wave my hand.”
Ning Zhi laughed out loud as he looked at Ding Da’s pretentious appearance.
“Is it the end of your strength, then let’s try ……”
Above Ding Da’s palm, a path of light began to flicker!
Immediately afterwards, a ray of light headed straight for Ning Zhi.
Boom ……
There was a loud sound, Ning Zhi’s face changed, and then his body retreated one after another!
After all, Ding Da was a Martial Marquis, even if he was injured, this strike was not to be underestimated.
Ning Zhi’s face turned grim as he was knocked back!
“Since that’s the case, don’t blame me ……”
After saying this, Ning Zhi waved his hand, “All of you go on ……”
The experts Ning Zhi had brought with him swarmed up!
Three half-step Martial Marquis experts, directly facing Ding Da!
And Ding Da Da lifted up a mouthful of true Qi and gritted his teeth to resist.
The wounds on Ding’s body continued to crumble and bleed, turning Ding’s entire body red!
And the wicked valley was even worse, already exhausted.
Now that they were in this situation, it was a one-sided ma*sacre!