It turned out that every time Zou Qi cast the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, he cast it using the spell formation that he had secretly laid down, and in the eyes of those who didn’t understand it, they thought that it was the power of the Heavenly Underworld Eyes!
“Then you hurry up and break this formation, let’s go and see what kind of treasure it is that is protected by such a huge formation!”
Qi Peijia said with some excitement!
“Don’t be in a hurry, gang master, such a huge formation, you need to find where the eye of the formation is before you can do it, but my subordinate will do his best.”
After Zou Qi finished speaking, he looked towards the old man with the goatee and said, “Grand Elder, let’s go in together, we must break this formation open.”
“Yes, gang master …….”
The goatee old man nodded!
“Asshole, this is our gang master ……”
Zou Qi was startled and hurriedly rebuked the Grand Elder!
Not to mention that Qi Peijia’s strength is strong, as far as Qi Peijia would really Heavenly Underworld Eyes, Zou Qi would be dead set on following Qi Peijia!
“Yes …… sorry, subordinate is wrong!”
The goatee old man panicked and apologised!
“Alright, don’t dwell on this, you are the deputy gang leader, continue to manage the Heavenly Underworld Gang ……”
“You guys hurry up and break through this formation, this Divine Demon Battlefield probably won’t be open for much longer!”
Qi Peijia urged!
“As you command!”Zou Qi personally led the Grand Elder and the others, slowly walking into the formation!
On the other hand, Chen Ping, who was in the middle of the formation, was searching for the eye of the formation, Chen Ping was just like slipping through the streets, not causing the formation’s defences at all!
Looking at Chen Ping that way, everyone in the Sheng family had to be convinced, no one dared to doubt Chen Ping’s strength anymore!
Even that Sheng Jiaoyue’s eyes were wide open, admiring Chen Ping!
And after Chen Ping had searched for a while, his palm suddenly pressed gently in the void!
Along with a light that lit up, everyone looked nervous!
They had thought that Chen Ping had been knocked out like the others because of the formation’s defences!
Just as everyone was tense , they saw that after that light, the formation pattern in front of them suddenly began to tremble violently!
It was as if a stone had suddenly been thrown into a calm river!
In the violent trembling, the formation pattern was slowly disappearing, and in the end, the formation in front of them unexpectedly disappeared!
Sheng Bushi sucked in a mouthful of cold air, his heart filled with shock!
The Sheng Family’s crowd was also incomparably complex inside!
That Grand Elder, on the other hand, was constantly praising!
“It’s too awesome, this …… this is simply a miracle, such a huge formation, to find the eye of the formation and break it in such a short period of time.”
“This is a formation laid down by an immortal ah …………”
The Grand Elder did not know how to express his heart at this moment!
Chen Ping slowly walked up to that Sheng Jiayue and said with an indifferent expression, “Can I make conditions now?”
Sheng Jiayue’s face was filled with shame and he lowered his head not daring to speak!
Sheng Bushi on the other hand rushed forward, “Mr Chen, this rebellious son of mine is ignorant, please don’t be ignorant with him, the advanced level of Mr Chen’s formation art is something I’ve never seen before.”
“Mr Chen conditions can be raised at will, as long as my Sheng family can do it, I am absolutely obliged!”
“Good, after finding the treasure, I must pick it first, and I can only give it to you if I have no use for it!”Chen Ping said nonchalantly!
It wasn’t like Chen Ping was being charitable, he had broken this formation for himself!
However, since the Sheng Family wanted to follow, they would have to listen to the conditions that he proposed!
“No problem, I promise, if that treasure is even useful to Mr Chen, my Sheng family will never take a single cent.”
Sheng Bushi said very boldly!
The fact that Sheng Boshi agreed so painfully was a bit surprising to Chen Ping!
He had originally guessed that Sheng Boshi would still bargain!
“Since you guys have agreed, then let’s go ……”
Sheng Bushi had agreed, so Chen Ping could not say anything else!
So he led the crowd towards that mountain peak!