Yu Jiameng and Fire Phoenix, the two of them were like lambs in waiting at this point, and could only watch as Gao Qisheng walked towards them with a cold smile on his face!
“Fire Phoenix, we absolutely can’t let this beast defile us, even if it means death ……”
Yu Jiameng said, actually biting towards her tongue!
She was planning to bite her tongue to kill herself, even if she died, she would definitely not let Gao Qisheng go cheap!
The fire phoenix nodded and also fiercely bit towards the tip of her tongue!
Fire Phoenix didn’t want to live either, her body belonged to Chen Ping, and no man could touch it except Chen Ping!
Fire Phoenix couldn’t do anything wrong to Chen Ping, so she preferred to die!
When Gao Qisheng saw that Huofeng and Yu Jiameng had even bitten their tongues, he was furious, he just couldn’t understand why these two women were so loyal, was chastity more important than even life?
“Even if you two bite your tongues and kill yourselves, I still want to possess your bodies, even if you die, I will not spare your corpses ……”
Gao Qisheng’s eyes were filled with rage, no matter if Fire Phoenix and Yu Jia Meng were dead or alive, he would not let the two women go!
Gao Qisheng roared and lunged towards the two!
But at this moment, the door to the cell was suddenly kicked open with a vicious kick!
A loud bang startled Gao Qisheng and he hurriedly looked back!
“Second brother, what are you doing? You’re so shameless ……”
Gao Qilan looked at Fire Phoenix and Yu Jia Meng who were curled up in the corner, and instantly roared towards Gao Qisheng!
When Gao Qisheng saw Gao Qilan, his mood calmed down and he said “Little sister, don’t worry about my affairs, you should leave here quickly!”
“I’m not leaving, with me here, you won’t be able to bully them both ……”
Gao Qilan rushed to Fire Phoenix and Yu Jiameng and blocked the two behind her!
“Xiaolan, I said, you stay out of my affairs, or don’t blame me for being rude to you ……”
Gao Qisheng got angry and roared at Gao Qilan!
“Even if you do it, I won’t watch you hurt these two girls, if you keep this up, I’ll go tell big brother.”
Gao Qilan had brought out the Gao family head, Gao Qijiang!
Hearing this, Gao Qisheng instantly wilted, knowing that Gao Qiang didn’t even know about his forcing the virtuous women, or else he wouldn’t have allowed him to do it!
“Little sister, I’m already so old, what’s wrong with finding a few women? Why do you think you’re against me?”
Gao Qisheng began to follow Gao Qilan with kind words!
“Second brother, you are old enough to marry a woman openly, with the strength of our Gao family, are you still afraid that you won’t be able to get a daughter-in-law?”
“You did this to two innocent girls, what are you, it’s shameless ……”
Gao Qilan looked at Gao Qisheng angrily!
Looking at Gao Qilan’s angry look, Gao Qisheng finally sighed helplessly and turned around to leave!
After Gao Qisheng left, Gao Qilan turned her head to look at Fire Phoenix and Yu Jia Meng and said, “You two don’t be afraid, it’s okay.”
“Thank you ……”
Fire Phoenix and Yu Jiameng thanked Gao Qilan!
“What’s the point of thanking me, if it wasn’t for my second brother, you guys wouldn’t be in this state.”
“You guys come with me, go stay at my mansion for now, that way my second brother won’t dare to mess around.”
Gao Qilan said and led Fire Phoenix and Yu Jia Meng out of the dungeon!
But when they reached the door, two guards stopped them!
“Eldest Miss, the Second Young Master has given the word that he won’t let these two women leave the dungeon.”
One of the guards said with great embarrassment!
“Get the hell out of my way.” Gao Qilan said coldly!
“Eldest Miss, don’t make things difficult for us, or else the Second Young Master will kill us.”
The guards had a look of resignation on their faces!
“Second Brother can kill you all, but I can’t?”
Gao Qilan said, and instantly put his sword against that guard’s neck!
With this, the two guards instantly turned pale with fear and no longer dared to stop them!
Gao Qilan took Fire Phoenix and Yu Jia Meng away.