Those disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect were all confused when they saw Di Chongjing turn her head and run away, not caring about them at all!
They didn’t even know what was going on, and Di Chongjing ran away!
As these Blood and Bone Sect disciples reacted, they also thought of escaping, but found that it was already too late, as they had already been surrounded by the Soul Fiend Sect and the people from the Broad Cold Palace!
Patriarch Jiang then shouted angrily towards that Di Chong Jing, “Di Chong Jing, this time you won’t be able to escape!”
As Patriarch Jiang said that, he was about to go after him, but he was stopped by Chen Ping!
“Patriarch Jiang, let him run, we’ll follow behind and we’ll be able to find their lair!”
“This is more convenient, saving us from searching a little bit ourselves!”
Chen Ping said to Patriarch Jiang!
“Good!”Patriarch Jiang nodded, then looked towards those Blood and Bone Sect disciples and said, “What about these people?”
Chen Ping swept a glance, then coldly said, “Kill ……”
Accompanied by Chen Ping’s word kill as soon as he exited, Guanghan Palace and also the crowd from the Soul Demon Sect made their move!
Those disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect directly ghosted and wailed without the slightest fighting spirit!
They were already small in number, and the master of the door had run away, so where was their fighting spirit?
In just a few minutes, the dozen or so disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect had already been killed, and could no longer die!
Chen Ping was the first to chase towards Di Chong Jing, the fire step was performed, Chen Ping’s body was like crossing space and time, a flash!
While Patriarch Jiang and the others followed closely behind, following the imprints left behind by Chen Ping!
After Di Chongjing ran for some distance, he was slightly relieved when he saw that no one was catching up!
However, he had also heard the screams of those disciples of the Blood and Bone Sect, but at this time, no one could care about anyone else!
Di Chongjing didn’t want to die again, last time he escaped was lucky, this time he was caught again, it was definitely impossible to escape!
But just when Di Chongjing had just breathed a sigh of relief, suddenly a breath behind him was rapidly approaching!
Di Chongjing was shocked, and looked over violently, unexpectedly finding Chen Pingping’s personal space jumping towards himself!
That speed, it was simply fast to the extreme, much faster than his flight!
“Holy sh*t ……”
Di Chongjing’s face changed, and he used all his strength to desperately escape!
Soon, Di Chongjing fled back to the Blood and Bone Sect, then shouted at the top of his lungs, “Second Senior Brother, help, help ah……”
Hearing the commotion, Tan Rongkun immediately rushed out from the main hall with his men, just in time to see Di Chongjing return in a hurry with his face ashen!
“Senior brother, what’s going on?”Tan Rongkun asked!
“Second senior brother, it’s not good, third senior brother he has brought people to kill over, and that Chen Ping is also among them, as well as a large group of people from the Guanghan Palace.”
“Now these people will immediately come over, quickly think of a way ah ……”
Di Chongjing said anxiously!
“What?”
Tan Rongkun was startled, then ordered loudly, “Go and activate the Protector Formation, we can’t let these guys in!”
“Yes, sir!”
Immediately, some Blood and Bone Sect disciples went to activate the Sect Protector Formation!
And at this moment, Chen Ping and the others had also arrived at the Blood Bone Sect, looking at the ghastly white bones all over the ground, many of them were shaken to their core!
How many people had been killed before there were so many skeletons ah!
At this moment, no matter if it was the people from the Soul Demon Sect or the Broad Cold Palace, all of them were filled with anger, itching to kill these people from the Blood and Bone Sect right away!
“These god damned guys, I must kill them handily so as not to tarnish Master’s brilliance ……”
Seeing this scene, Patriarch Jiang also gritted his teeth in hatred, thinking of charging in right away!
However, the sect protector formation was on, there was no way for them to enter, they could only enter the Blood and Bone Sect’s after breaking the formation!
At this time, Tan Rongkun had already brought the crowd to arrive, and the crowd looked at each other face-to-face across the Sect Protector Formation!