Seeing this, Chen Ping also hurriedly exerted his last strength and ran towards the outside. If the entire Extreme Bliss City collapsed, even if a Da Luo Golden Immortal was here, he was afraid that he would die here.
Especially the revived mermaid sculpture, which gave Chen Ping a great sense of threat!
In that dream, Chen Ping had watched that mermaid with his own eyes, killing many experts with a single strike, and with this strength he had now, he was afraid that he could be blown to death with a single breath from someone!
“Haha …… haha ……”
“Thousands of years, thousands of years ah ……”
The mermaid was completely free from the restraint and laughed out loud to the sky.
With the mermaid’s laughter, a terrifying killing machine kept coming!
Poof poof poof …………
People began to vomit blood and die continuously, which caused the crowd to start panicking even more and run desperately outwards.
Only to see that the mermaid’s palm waved and the palace’s doors actually began to slowly close.
At this, everyone began to scramble and crowd outwards, fearing that they would die here.
A stream of killing machines continued to blast down, and people kept falling to the ground, their lives being reaped!
The mermaid, on the other hand, looked at everything in front of him indifferently, as if these people were nothing more than ants in his eyes.
Poof ……
A wisp of killing power pa*sed through Chen Ping’s chest, instantly knocking him to the ground. The already weak Chen Ping’s face became even more ugly at this moment!
Blood continued to pour outwards as Chen Ping gritted his teeth and stood up again in a desperate attempt to die.
He couldn’t die, he couldn’t die here.
If he died, what about Yu Qi? What about his own mother?
Who was the father he had never met?
Chen Ping still wanted to know all this!
Chen Ping fought his way up and dashed towards the door with difficulty, while by now, most of them had already escaped the palace and were heading towards the outskirts of the city without looking back.
After escaping from the palace, Zhu Zhishan looked at the palace gate which was about to close slowly, and there was a bit of joy in his eyes!
Thinking that you Chen Ping was still inside and had not escaped.
“Chen Ping ……”
Just at the moment Chen Ping reached the entrance and the palace door was about to close, Ge Jiayi suddenly shot out her hand and pulled towards Chen Ping, trying to pull him out.
Seeing this, Zhu Zhishan’s face turned cold: “Mind your own business ……”
With that, Zhu Zhishan slapped his palm towards Ge Jiayi, who dodged to the side in a panic and did not manage to grab Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, just stay well inside and die inside ……”
A cold smile appeared on Zhu Zhishan’s face as he swung his fist, a terrifyingly powerful qi heading straight for Chen Ping.
Chen Ping, who had originally reached the door, was struck directly by this terrifying strong qi, and his body flew backwards.
And at that moment, the palace’s door also closed directly.
Looking at the closed door, Chen Ping roared, “Zhu Zhishan, you despicable villain ……”
“Hahahaha, I am a despicable villain, what can you do to me?”
Zhu Zhishan raised the corners of his mouth in triumph.
Rumble …………
The entire Extreme Bliss City shook, and when Zhu Zhishan saw this, he did not dare to stay any longer and hurriedly headed towards the outside of the city.
After taking a look at the palace, Ge Jiayi also turned her head and left, there was no one who could save Chen Ping now.
At this moment, Chen Ping was lying on the ground, he didn’t even have the strength to stand up, as a killing machine bombarded his body, each blow was a terrifying wound!
Chen Ping was beyond hope, his eyes gazing at the mermaid before him!
Chen Ping knew that he would never have a chance to escape from here again!
But just when Chen Ping thought he was bound to die from this killing blast, he did not expect the terrifying killing blast to suddenly disappear.
And the mermaid, who originally had an open face, now turned pale and his forehead was covered in cold sweat as he panted heavily.