Looking at so many demonic beasts, the expressions on the faces of the two men froze, not knowing whether they were sad or happy!
But soon, they were surprised when they saw a human figure standing above a killer whale demonic beast!
But when it got closer, Wang Defa recognised Chen Ping at once!
“Chen Ping, it’s Chen Ping, this fellow hasn’t even escaped yet ……”
After Wang Defa saw Chen Ping, his eyes were red, his revenge for killing his son made him tremble!
However, that Seven Deadly Monarch frowned slightly, not understanding how this Chen Ping could be following the demonic beasts, and it looked as if these demonic beasts were Chen Ping’s mounts, surprisingly none of them attacked Chen Ping!
Chen Ping arrived in front of Wang Defa and the Seven Deadly Jun, looking at the demonic beast with the alarm in front of him, which was currently lying on top of the water, being killed by these people, Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with anger!
At this moment, these demonic beasts were already Chen Ping’s men, part of their Heavenly Dragon Hall, and when someone slaughtered his own men, of course Chen Ping was furious!
Chen Ping knew Wang Defa, but not the Seven Deadly Monarchs, so he asked the Seven Deadly Monarchs, “Who are you? Did you kill this demonic beast?”
The Seven Deadly Monarch looked at Chen Ping at his young age, but his body had an indescribable aura of bitterness, and he was somewhat shocked inside!
“I am the Seven Deadly Monarchs, of the Flying Star Faction, you are Chen Ping, the one who killed my young master?”
The Seven Deadly Monarch asked at Chen Ping.
“You mean that guy who is not a man or a woman? Although I didn’t kill him, but if he was or, I would have killed him sooner or later!”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
Chen Ping’s words instantly made that Seven Deadly Monarch furious, his eyes narrowing slightly as a murderous aura instantly covered Chen Ping’s entire body.
“Kid, you have a wild tone, today I will kill you to avenge the young master!”
The aura from the Seven Deadly Monarchs began to erupt, and a wave began to surge above the sea!
“Hmph, even if you don’t kill me, I will kill you, you dare to kill my demonic beasts, D*mn you ……”
Chen Ping’s aura also began to erupt, ready for battle!
“Chen Ping, how is this demonic beast yours? These are all demonic beasts that grow in the sea, how dare they become your family’s, do you want to be shameless?”
“But you’ve sent us so many demonic beasts at once, I’d like to thank you, so many beast pills, enough for me to cultivate for a long time!”
Wang Defa said as he looked coldly at Chen Ping.
“If you have the ability to take these demon beast beast pills, then come on ……”
An odd sound came out of Chen Ping’s mouth, and immediately afterwards dozens of demonic beasts began to rage as if they had heard an order.
With a roar, they attacked towards the people of the Flying Star Faction as well as the Heavenly Thunder Faction!
One must know that these were all Martial God realm demonic beasts, and going to still be in the sea, in the sea was the main battlefield for these demonic beasts!
With the attack of these demonic beasts, the two factions were instantly in chaos, and with a cry of rage and wailing, the whole sea was dyed red!
Wang Defa looked at the disciples of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, with people being buried in the mouths of the demonic beasts from time to time, with murderous intent in his eyes, yet with a bit of confusion!
He didn’t understand why these demonic beasts would listen to Chen Ping, but at this time, it was not the time to find out!
“Chen Ping, take your life ……”
Wang DeFa let out a furious cry and instantly had an extra long sword in his hand, the breath rolling over the long sword as it swept towards Chen Ping!
And that Seven Deadly Monarch seemed to have an extra eye, and instead of launching an attack on Chen Ping, he took on a demonic beast and began to attack fiercely, and with a pair of eyes that from time to time paid attention to the battle between Chen Ping and Wang Defa!
The fact that Chen Ping could control dozens of demonic beasts was out of Seven Deadly Monarch’s expectation, so he intended to see the situation on the spot before making his plans!
If the situation was not good, he would immediately lead his men to evacuate the place, after all, fighting at sea would compromise their strength, whereas these demonic beasts could bring their strength to the maximum!