Where had Ji Meiyan seen this kind of scene, she froze for a moment, while the sword spirit automatically waved its long sword and chopped towards Ji Meiyan!
“What …… is this?”
Ji Meiyan’s eyes were filled with panic, looking at the long sword wrapped in black mist, automatically attacking towards herself, and immediately turned pale!
“Elder sister ……” Ji Meiling saw this and couldn’t help but shout out!
Seeing this, Chen Ping then instantly sacrificed his Demon Drawing Whip and directly handed it to Ji Yun before making a wink towards him!
Ji Yun instantly understood and directly shouted “Big sister, use this whip to attack ……”
Ji Yun threw the Demon Drawing Whip directly towards Ji Meiyan!
Ji Meiyan couldn’t even react in time and smoothly grabbed the Demon Drawing Whip in her hand!
The Demon Whip began to shake in her hand, and the long sword that was wrapped in black mist directly stopped in its tracks, not attacking forward!
This devil whip even if the real demon race see are afraid, let alone a magic spirit sword!
Seeing her long sword suddenly stop and not attacking, Ji Meizhen froze, then desperately pushed her divine sense, wanting the demonic spirit in the sword to attack!
It was a pity that instead of attacking, that Demon Spirit turned and ran!
Ji Meizhen grabbed her own longsword and tried to control it, but it was completely useless, and that longsword started to flee as if it had gone mad!
Seeing this, Ji Meiyan was also a bit dumbfounded, not understanding how that longsword turned and fled on its own!
However, Ji Meiyan had no intention of letting Ji Meizhen go, and leapt up, waving the whip that was in her hand, and lashed down with a whip!
Snap …………
With a crisp sound of the whip, the longsword fell in response, while the demonic spirit in the longsword rose up in the air, wanting to escape!
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly chased after it between his body swaying, and the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand emitted a light, a huge suction force that directly sucked that demonic spirit into it!
This demonic spirit was also a sword spirit, so by inhaling it into the Dragon Sword, it would allow the Dragon Sword’s sword spirit Zhong Li to recover a little faster!
Without the long sword, Ji Meizhen was even less of a match for Ji Meiyan, and was severely whipped twice on her body by Ji Meiyan with the Demon Whip in her hand!
On the snow white skin, two deep marks were left behind!
“Ji Meiyan you b*tch, you wait for me ……”
After saying that, Ji Meijin then quickly fled!
Ji Meiyan was not chasing, after all, it was her own cousin, Ji Meiyan could not really kill her, and now gave two whips to teach her a lesson even if!
Falling from mid-air, Ji Meiyan gave Ji Yun the Demon Drawing Whip in her hand!
“Sixth brother, what kind of whip is this? It’s still really good ……”
Ji Meiyan looked at Ji Yun gratefully and asked!
“This is Mr Chen’s Demon Drawing Whip, just now that Ji Meizhen used the Demon Spirit Sword, so this Demon Drawing Whip is the best to use.”
Ji Yun received the Demon Drawing Whip and then returned it to Chen Ping!
“Magic Spirit Sword?” Ji Meiyan was stunned, then her face was filled with anger, “This b*tch, how dare she use the Demon Spirit Sword, I almost fell into her way.”
After Ji Meiyan finished, she looked towards Chen Ping, her eyes full of gratitude and said “Thank you, I didn’t think that you still have this kind of treasure in your hand, but you’d better hide it well, or else it will surely be stolen by someone.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly and said “My things, no one can steal them yet ……”
“Don’t you believe me, our Ji family has thieves that specialise in stealing things.” Ji Meiyan said!
“Big sister? There really are thieves in the Ji family?” Ji Yun who was on the side was dumbfounded, the hallowed Ji family, such a big family, which thief dares to come over and steal things ah?
“Sixth brother, don’t listen to big sister’s nonsense, she’s talking about that Ji Yue, this guy eats, drinks, whimpers and gambles, and often steals the family’s things to sell out, that’s why big sister said that.”
Ji Meiling explained with a smile!
When Ji Yun heard this, he burst out laughing.
After arranging a place for Ji Yun and the others to rest, the two sisters, Ji Meiyan and Ji Meiling, left!