After saying that, Chen Ping pointed out a finger, a spiritual light flashed, Master Luan only felt a sharp pain in both arms, and then lost consciousness.
He sat paralyzed on the ground, there was both fear and relief in his eyes, knowing that this was what he deserved, but also grateful to Chen Ping for giving him a way out, hands ruined, after a decade or eight years can still be restored, the life is gone, that can be a lifetime!
“Many thanks Mr. Chen ……”
That Master Luan although the pain is incomparable, but also overjoyed, also do not know where to get the strength, violently stood up, and ran towards the distance, he was afraid that Chen Ping will regret, to kill himself!
After Master Luan ran, Chen Ping put his eyes on that Qiu Tu’s body!
Qiu Tu’s body trembled, but seeing that Master Luan offered his treasure and was spared his life, he also thought that he could be spared if he knelt down and begged for forgiveness and offered his treasure!
Although Qiu Tu, as the son of the Qiu House, felt that face was more important than life!
But at this time, everyone was dead or injured, even if he knelt down and begged Chen Ping, no one would know.
At this time, begging for mercy was the wisest thing to do, as the saying goes, he who knows what’s right is right!
“Mr. Chen, spare your life! Spare my life!”
After Qiu Tu figured it out, he also immediately knelt down and begged for mercy.
Especially when he saw that Master Luan, although he had wasted his hands, he had ultimately saved his life, and a ray of life was suddenly lit up in his heart.
He knelt on the ground and kowtowed repeatedly, the arrogance and ruthlessness on his face had long been replaced by fear.
“Mr. Chen, I’m willing to offer all that I have and only beg you to keep me alive. You see, this is my storage bag, inside are all the treasures I have accumulated over the years, as long as you don’t kill me, this storage bag is yours!”
With a trembling hand, Qiu Tu raised his storage pouch high in the air, as if it was his only saving grace.
However, Chen Ping only looked at him coldly, without the slightest bit of compassion in his eyes.
He slowly opened his mouth, his voice low and powerful, “Qiu Tu, do you think that your treasures can save your life?”
When Qiu Tu heard this, a puzzled look appeared on his face, he thought that Chen Ping would treat him like he treated Master Luan, as long as he offered his treasures, his life would be saved. But Chen Ping’s next words made him fall into an ice cellar.
“Why not?”Qiu Tu was a little confused!
“You are really confused, because if I kill you, those treasures of yours are also mine ……”
Chen Ping’s words were filled with a teasing color.
Qiu Tu’s face instantly turned pale, he couldn’t believe his ears, and even more so, he couldn’t believe that Chen Ping would be like this.
It was simply not according to the formula, using treasures for life, wasn’t it always this kind of formula?
How did it come to Chen Ping, suddenly come to such a sentence?
Qiu Tu also wanted to beg for mercy again, but opened his mouth, but could not send any sound.
At this moment, Chen Ping’s figure flashed, instantly came in front of Qiu Tu, a palm shot out.
The palm wind was like a sword, carrying a stern killing intent, aiming straight for Qiu Tu’s vitals.
“I just want you to know that I am an existence that you can’t mess with, and your Qiu Mansion is nothing but dog shit in my eyes.”Chen Ping’s voice rang in Qiu Tui’s ears like a death sentence.
Qiu Tu only felt a powerful force envelop him, he wanted to dodge, but it was too late, that palm, like a mountain collapsing, heavily slapped his chest.
“Bang!”With a loud bang, Qiu Tu’s body was like a kite with broken strings, flying out backwards and falling heavily onto the ground.
His chest sunk in and blood gushed out, staining the ground around him red.
He stared wide-eyed, his face full of unwillingness and incomprehension, as if he was still thinking about why Chen Ping would be so heartless, why he did not give him a chance to live.
“You …… you ……” Qiu Tu opened his mouth, but only managed to utter two incomplete words before his head tilted and he completely lost his breath.
Chen Ping stood in place, looking at Qiu Tu’s corpse without the slightest fluctuation in his eyes.