“I don’t mean that, I already have a girlfriend, you don’t either, it’s making it hard for me to do this time ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and hurriedly rushed outside.
He was also a normal man and could not dare to stay any longer, otherwise he would be a bit unbearable himself.
Seeing that Chen Ping was about to leave, Ji Ru Xue suddenly fell to her knees!
Chen Ping was shocked and hurriedly went forward to help Ji Ruxue up, but with his eyes tightly closed, he did not dare to look at Ji Ruxue.
Just Ji Ru Xue’s body fragrance was too much for him to bear, and if he looked at her twice, he was really afraid that he wouldn’t be able to control himself.
“Miss Ji, what are you doing, quickly put your clothes on and say what you have to do!”
Chen Ping said with an anxious look on his face.
Looking at Chen Ping like this, Ji Ru Xue suddenly laughed and pa*sed her clothes up.
At this moment, she was even more attracted to Chen Ping.
In this society, there were really too few people like Chen Ping.
Seeing Ji Ru Xue put on her clothes, Chen Ping then let out a sigh of relief.
“Miss Ji, what do you want, just say it!”
Chen Ping asked indifferently.
“Mr. Chen, I hope you can completely save our Red Lotus Palace out of its misery!”
Ji Ru Xue put away her smile and said with a gloomy face.
“Didn’t I kill that man, is your Red Lotus Palace still in any danger?”
Chen Ping asked in surprise.
“Mr. Chen, it is because you killed that Xiang Chong, and that Xiang Chong is the righteous son of the Sacred Beast Palace Master Fei Qingping, the Sacred Beast Palace will not spare our Red Lotus Palace.”
“When the time comes, our Red Lotus Palace will still not be able to escape the clutches of the Sacred Beast Palace, and that Fei Qingping is even more cruel than Xiang Chong ……”
Ji Ru Xue’s face clearly looked a little ugly when she mentioned that Fei Qingping!
Chen Ping was silent, he could kill a Xiang Chong, but to face a clan, Chen Ping was not sure.
Especially when he didn’t know what strength that Fei Qingping was.
“Miss Ji, what is the strength of that Fei Qingping? I’m afraid that it would be difficult for me to resist even if I were to face one of their clans by myself!”
Chen Ping said truthfully.
“Mr. Chen, that Fei Qingping should be a Martial Marquis, but he has only stepped into the rank of Martial Marquis in recent years.”
“And how can Mr. Chen be alone, my Red Lotus Palace is willing to listen to Mr. Chen, I will listen to you in everything from now on!”
Ji Ru Xue finished speaking, but her face suddenly flushed.
These words were very much like the words of a young daughter-in-law following her husband.
Still, Chen Ping frowned slightly, he did not have too much time to stay here.
“Miss Ji, I would love to help you guys, but I really don’t have enough time, if that Sacred Beast Palace doesn’t come after you guys, I can’t stay here all the time!”
Chen Ping did not have the time to stay at the Red Lotus Palace all the time.
“Mr. Chen, with that Fei Qingping’s nature, knowing that Xiang Chong is dead, within ten days, he will definitely come looking for him, if the Sacred Beast Palace hasn’t made a move after ten days, then Mr. Chen can just leave!”
Ji Ru Xue said.
“Good, then I’ll stay here for ten more days!”
Chen Ping nodded, then he remembered the matter of the cave and asked Ji Ru Xue, “Miss Ji, this Red Lotus Palace of yours, what is the matter with that cave at the back? It’s still blocked by a huge rock inside?”
Seeing Chen Ping ask about the cave, Ji Ru Xue hesitated, but still slowly spoke up.
It turned out that inside that cave, there was a Taoist monk sitting there, and that boulder was blocked by that monk.
No one knew what was inside the cave, but the streams of water that flowed from the cave contained a lot of energy that could help one cultivate!
So the old ancestor of the Red Lotus Palace, established the clan in this place.
So the ancestors of the Red Lotus Palace built their clan in this place and warned their descendants that no one was allowed to open the boulder without permission, or else they would be in danger of having their clan destroyed!
After hundreds of years, though some generations of Red Lotus Palace masters were curious and went to open the boulder.