“Hmph, a Ning family, also want to make waves in Kyoto?”
Zhu Zhishan snorted coldly, “That old ghost Ning is in seclusion, it must all be done by that son of his.”
“Allied Lord, then what do we do next?”
“Should we just watch as some clans and families, lean over to the Ning family’s side?”
An elder asked.
“Since this Ning Zhi is so ambitious, let him be, I’d like to see how he’ll clean up that Chen Ping!”
“A dog bites a dog, we just happen to be watching a big show ……”
The corners of Zhu Zhishan’s mouth lifted.
…………
Ning Family.
Ning Zhi was currently sitting atop the main seat of the Ning Family.
Because his father, Ning Hai, had been in seclusion, all the matters of the Ning Family had been handed over to Ning Zhi to take care of.
Although Ning Zhi had always taken care of the Ning Family, he had never sat on the main seat.
But today was different!
The Ning Family had destroyed the Valley of the Wicked and captured the four wicked men alive.
Although they all knew that the Ning Family had picked up a bargain, this courage of Ning Zhi, as well as the strength of the Ning Family, were all laid out in front of the people.
So quite a few clans and families began to defect to the Ning Family!
“Li Clan in the south of the city, the Li Clan Master pays his respects!”
“Master Yang of the Xuan Yang Clan pays his respects!”
“Sect Master He of the Ting Heavenly Clan pays his respects!”
This day, the Ning Family continued to have clans and families begging for an audience.
And Ning Zhi was all smiles as he greeted them!
At this moment, Ning Zhi’s heart was greatly satisfied.
At such a young age, so many clans and families had come to pay their respects, begging to join the Ning Family.
Such an achievement, Ning Zhi knew that even his own father might not be able to achieve it.
In one whole day, nearly thirty clans and families of all sizes had defected to the Ning Family!
Although Ning Zhi was a little tired this day, he felt very fulfilled.
“When I find a way to take the Desolate North Martial Daoist Community under my wing as well, who can do anything to me in the whole of Kyoto?”
Ning Zhi stood at the highest point of the villa and looked up at the sky, his heart swelling to the extreme.
Many of the large clans and families were watching what Ning Zhi was doing, but no one was stopping them.
They all seemed to be waiting for something!
As for the Dong Family at this moment, Dong Liqun’s face was as hard as it could be.
Originally, the Dong Family and the Ning Family were at odds, and in the past the two families had been similar in strength.
But now that the Ning Family had so many clans to defect to, the Dong Family’s strength would soon be no match.
“What are you doing up this late at night?”
Dong Liqun’s wife asked.
“Can’t sleep!” Dong Liqun lit a cigarette and took a deep puff: “Where is Jiahao?”
“In his room, ever since you made a move on that Chen Ping, Jiahao hasn’t left the house these days, not a word!”
Dong Liqun’s wife gave Dong Liqun a grumbling look.
“Ai!” Dong Liqun sighed, “I’m doing this for his own good, this child just can’t understand!”
“For his own good, you’re robbing people? I heard from Jiahao that Chen Ping is still his friend, you let Jiahao trick him into coming home.”
“What’s the difference between you and a robber?”
Dong Liqun’s wife said with great discontent.
“You’re a woman’s wife, what do you know ……”
Dong Liqun threw the cigarette in his hand, and then walked towards Dong Jiahao’s room.
Knock knock knock ……
Dong Liqun knocked on the door and then said, “Jiahao, come out for a moment, I have something to say to you!”
“I have nothing to say to you, ignore me ……”
Dong Jiahao’s angry voice came out from the room.
This had been so many days ago, and Dong Jiahao still kept holding a grudge!
He had always thought that he had caused Chen Ping to die!
He had never thought that his father was such a person.
“I know you’re still angry with me, but I did that for your own good!”
“You get dressed right now and take your mother to your grandfather’s!”
“Whatever happens at home, don’t come back!”
Dong Liqun said seriously.