The Dragon Gate!
Chen Ping was sitting inside the room, and in front of him was the 90,000-mile map of the mountains and rivers!
At this moment, Chen Ping was soaking in a hot spring in a snow-covered area!
The reason why Chen Ping took out the Nine Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers map was not to cultivate, but to soak in the hot spring to soothe his mind!
Soaking in a hot spring in a snowy place like this was also a very comfortable and pleasant thing to do!
Here, Chen Ping didn’t have the slightest concern, his whole body was immersed in the hot spring because he knew that no one would appear here at all!
With his eyes slightly closed, Chen Ping felt the divine work of nature, and only at this moment was Chen Ping at his most relaxed.
But unbeknownst to Chen Ping, there were two girls walking towards the hot spring at that moment!
“Missy, you’ve been coming to the hot spring more and more, you don’t really think that Chen Ping has come to this hot spring, do you?”
“That’s simply impossible, he simply can’t get into our secret realm, and even if he could get in, he wouldn’t necessarily be able to find this hot spring.”
“Master has said that the Secret Realm Conference will restart some time later, so he wants to take you to get some insight and urge you to hurry up with your cultivation!”
Qiu Ju spoke bitterly to Han Qing’er!
“Sister Qiu Ju, why are you like my mother, nagging me endlessly, I’m just taking a bath, see where you’re going.”
Han Qing’er gave Qiu Ju a blank look, then the two of them stopped talking and walked towards the hot spring!
And at this moment, Chen Ping was comfortably enjoying the peace and quiet of this did!
But soon, a knock on the door woke Chen Ping up, and Chen Ping’s body slowly disappeared from the hot spring!
Just at the moment Chen Ping’s body disappeared, Han Qing’er arrived just in time, and when she saw Chen Ping, an incredulous expression appeared on her face!
“Chen Ping …………”
Han Qing’er shouted excitedly!
But Chen Ping didn’t respond and his body simply disappeared!
“Chen Ping …… Chen Ping ……”
Han Qing’er shouted, but by now, there was no longer any Chen Ping’s figure.
“Eldest Miss, where is Chen Ping here, you’re not thinking about that Chen Ping and having hallucinations, are you?”
Qiu Ju looked around, there wasn’t even a ghostly shadow, where was Chen Ping!
“Sister Qiu Ju, it’s not a hallucination, I really saw Chen Ping, it’s really him.”
Han Qing’er was all excited, but he couldn’t understand how Chen Ping’s body had suddenly disappeared.
Just as Han Qing’er was looking around for Chen Ping, Chen Ping had already opened his eyes in the secular world, and after slowly getting up, Chen Ping couldn’t help but take one more look at the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Map!
Just now, when his divine sense came out of the Ninety Thousand Miles Mountain and River Diagram, he seemed to have heard someone calling out to him, and that voice especially sounded like that Han Qing’er!
But in the end, Chen Ping shook his head, feeling that he must have been emotionally unstable these past few days and was hallucinating!
How could he possibly hear Han Qing’er’s voice within the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers Map!
After putting the Ninety Thousand Miles of Mountains and Rivers Map into his storage ring, Chen Ping opened the door to his room and found that it was Hu Ma Zi knocking on the door!
“Chen Ping, we should set off, I guess that Hundred Refinement Pavilion Master has already left the gate.”
Pocky Hu said to Chen Ping.
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded his head!
As the two were on their way to the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, Hu Pocky asked with some worry, “Chen Ping, what if that Hundred Refinements Pavilion Master hasn’t left the gate yet, or if he doesn’t lend us the Heavenly Opportunity Order at all?”
“Rob …….”
Chen Ping spat out one word indifferently!
But that one word was enough to represent Chen Ping’s determination!
When Chen Ping and Pocky Hu rushed to the Hundred Refinements Pavilion, this time there were surprisingly already members of the Hundred Refinements Pavilion waiting outside as if they knew they were coming!
“Has your Pavilion Master come out of seclusion yet?”
Chen Ping asked to the Hundred Refinements Pavilion members who greeted them.