Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly followed Hu Ma Zi towards the outside, while the spider beast was in hot pursuit behind him, as the cave was narrow, the spider beast’s body kept hitting the stone wall, causing rocks to fly about and the whole mountain to shake!
“Master Hu, go find Yu Han and get her out ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly said to Pocky Hu.
If this collapsed the entire mountain, Ge Yuhan would definitely be killed if she was crushed underneath.
Hu Pazzi nodded, then instantly disappeared at a fork in the road!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, ran desperately outwards, while the spider-beast was hot on his heels, and some of the island warriors who didn’t know what was happening yet were directly used as snacks by the spider-beast!
With the cave entrance just around the corner, Chen Ping leapt forward and charged straight out, while the spider beast followed suit, and the original cave entrance was instantly smashed into a big hole!
The moment the spider beast rushed out, it spat out several threads of silk, which bound Chen Ping firmly, and then opened its bloody mouth towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s body shone with golden light, and he violently tore off the threads, his eyes were fixed on the spider beast, and when he saw that the Dragon Cutting Sword was still stuck on the spider beast, with a thought, the Dragon Cutting Sword instantly flew back!
Chen Ping was holding the Dragon Chopping Sword, and the moment the spider beast opened its mouth to bite down, Chen Ping directly threw the Dragon Chopping Sword into the mouth of the spider beast, and the Dragon Chopping Sword instantly supported the mouth of the spider beast!
The spider beast tried desperately to shake off that dragon chopping sword, only to regret that the dragon chopping sword pierced Avray into the upper jaw and could not be shaken off at all. Remember the website m.lqzw.org
Now the spider beast can’t use its mouth to bite, it can only use its sharp claws to keep waving.
The trees around it flew in all directions, making a mess and destroying a large part of the jungle!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, used his small body and speed to his advantage, constantly dodging the spider beast’s attacks!
Just as the spider beast’s two claws came towards Chen Ping again, Chen Ping leapt up and reached the head of the spider beast!
Chen Ping’s fist flashed with golden light as the power of the divine Dragon continued to add to it as he smashed his fist towards the spider beast’s head!
This punch had the force of ten thousand catties ……
Boom …………
A loud sound, Chen Ping only felt his arm go numb, while in looking at that spider beast, it was not injured at all, but just twisted its body in pain, as if it was trying to throw Chen Ping off!
Chen Ping took the opportunity to grab the fluffy hair on the spider beast’s body and controlled his body as he slammed his fist down again!
Boom boom boom …………
Chen Ping threw more than ten punches in a row, but although the spider beast felt pain, it couldn’t hurt the spider beast!
On the contrary, Chen Ping’s own arm had lost its intuition at this moment!
The power of the divine Dragon was weakening, and this made Chen Ping a little anxious!
He didn’t expect this Spider Beast’s defence to be so strong!
The spider beast shook its body violently, but it had been unable to throw Chen Ping off its body, so it began to frantically bang against the mountain!
Boom …………
The huge spider beast hit the mountain so hard that the ground shook and rocks flew everywhere!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was dizzy from the impact, but his hands were still holding on for dear life!
Boom ……
Another violent impact, the rocks collapsed, and the whole mountain was actually half collapsed by this spider beast!
Chen Ping’s invincible golden body was at its peak, and he was not afraid of those mountains and rocks, but the huge impact of this spider beast made Chen Ping somewhat unable to control his body.
If he were to fall off the spider beast, it would be difficult to jump onto its body!
But even if he was on top of the spider beast, Chen Ping had no way to get down!