Elder Sun also noticed at this moment that a dozen or so demonic cultivators had been killed by Chen Ping in the blink of an eye, half of them at this moment!
Now he finally knew why Chen Ping had asked himself if he was a match for that one-eyed cultivator!
A dozen or so Devil Cultivators of the fourth or fifth grade of the Transitional Apparition Realm were defenseless against Chen Ping, a third grade of the Transitional Apparition Realm Cultivator, which was simply outrageous!
“Withdraw …………”
The one-eyed cultivator felt the chaotic aura within his body and knew that he was injured, and with the addition that his little brother was also not Chen Ping’s opponent at all, he withdrew directly with a wave of his hand!
Neither Elder Sun nor Chen Ping went after him, their priority was to hurry and not to kill!
Since Chen Ping’s identity was exposed, there might be more people stopping them on the way, now Elder Sun had to use the fastest speed possible to send Chen Ping to Guanghan Palace before they could do so!
“Mr Chen, are you alright?”
Elder Sun asked to Chen Ping!
“It’s fine, a mere fourth or fifth rank of the Transition Realm, it can’t hurt me yet.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Elder Sun was listening to Chen Ping’s words at the moment, but he did not feel that he was pretending at all anymore!
Now he also understood why the Demon Sealing Alliance had used a hundred years of offerings to put Chen Ping to death!
Elder Sun brought Chen Ping back to the blimp!
Looking at the dead cultivator within the blimp, Elder Sun frowned slightly!
He did not know that the cultivator was killed by Chen Ping!
Just as Elder Sun was about to open his mouth to question him, Chen Ping was the first to speak “This guy knew my identity and wanted to kill me to collect the reward from the Demon Sealing Alliance, but unfortunately he didn’t have that life and was killed by me ……”
When Elder Sun heard this, he didn’t say anything else, but swept a glance at the many cultivators on the airship and said “Gentlemen, as travellers of the Wantong Pavilion, I will guarantee your safety, but if you dare to act recklessly on the airship, I will never be merciful!”
Elder Sun was also warning the crowd not to hit Chen Ping!
The blimp began to continue on its journey, but this time it was smooth and no one was intercepting!
Two whole days later, the blimp finally reached the end of the Southern Domain!
Chen Ping saw that underneath the blimp then was a white expanse of snow and ice, and on top of this white expanse of snow and ice, there was a city that was not very big!
“Mr Chen, this is the South End City, which means that we have reached the very edge of the Southern Domain, our blimp landed in the middle of this city, and if we want to go to the Broad Cold Palace, we still need to pass through the city and go up to the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain before we can do so.”
“The climate here is extremely cold, and the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain are much more dangerous than the hinterland, you must be careful, but this Broad Cold Palace has a reception in this South End City, so you can sign up and then be led to the Broad Cold Palace, so it’s relatively safer.”
“Our Wan Tong Pavilion also has a branch pavilion here, if Mr Chen has anything, he can go to Wan Tong Pavilion at any time, as long as we can help, we will definitely not stand idly by.”
Elder Sun held Chen Ping in even greater regard at this time.
A small Transition Realm third grade cultivator, facing a dozen Transition Realm fourth or fifth grade demonic cultivators, easily killing half of them, this kind of perverted strength, definitely held up as a genius among geniuses!
Elder Sun knew that if Chen Ping grew up, he would definitely be very terrifying, and at that time, he might have absolute power in the Celestial Realm, even if he became a domain lord!
It would be even more awesome if he could ascend to Immortality!
Elder Sun knew that Chen Ping was a potential stock, so befriending him now was the best choice!
“Thank you Elder Sun.” Chen Ping slightly nodded his head in apology, then curiously asked “Elder Sun, since this place has reached the end of the Southern Region, if we continue onwards, where will we reach?”
Chen Ping wondered if this Celestial Realm was a spherical shape like the Secular Realm, and if one continued walking at the end of the South Pole, one would turn round!