-Soon, Chen Ping’s Evil Pill was finished again, while Bao Yuqun’s was only just over half done!
This time Chen Ping used a copper pot, not even a pottery, so I don’t know what other excuses he could make!
Yue Buqun could not conceal his excitement as he watched Chen Ping again make the Evil Pill.
He knew that Chen Ping’s identity was definitely not simple. He could not even examine the Three Life Stones, and he had even exploded them.
Yue Buqun knew that he had to seize the opportunity to make good relations with Chen Ping now.
Although Chen Ping was not very strong now, he knew that in the near future, he would be the one to make the waves!
“Old Beau, what else can you say now? Have you conceded defeat?”
Yue Buqun asked to Bao Yuqun.
The face of Pao Yu-kun at this moment was so ugly, and in front of so many disciples of the Pill Refining Sect, that Pao Yu-kun felt his face was on fire!
But since he had already promised, he couldn’t say that his words didn’t count, so he nodded and said, “Don’t worry, if I lose, I lose, and I can let him use the Regeneration Spring!”
“But I have one condition ……”
“Old Beau, are you still shameless? You didn’t say anything about conditions when we were betting!” Yue Buqun pointed at Bao Yuqun and said.
“It’s fine whether you agree to the condition or not, it has nothing to do with Regeneration Springs!”
“I just want to borrow this little brother’s divine Nong Cauldron, but I won’t use it for nothing, I can use the herbs in my Pill Refining Sect as you wish!”
“And the Regeneration Spring, you can use it as you like!”
Pao Yukun said.
Although he didn’t know much about cauldrons, he knew that the Divine Peasant Cauldron was certainly no ordinary object!
Chen Ping nodded and said, “Fine, I can lend you the Divine Peasant Cauldron, but not for too long, I will have to take it away once my two friends have recovered!”
“Yes!” Pao Yukun nodded!
After leaving the Cauldron behind, Chen Ping left with Yue Buqun!
Chen Ping had to bring Pocky Hu and Long Xingxu as soon as possible!
After Chen Ping and Yue Buqun had left, Bao Yuqun went up and gently caressed the Cauldron, his eyes filled with light, just like he was caressing his own child.
“The Pill Refining Sect’s Patriarch has lost to a brat, if this gets out, you’ll be ashamed of yourself, right?”
At that moment, a sarcastic laugh came out!
Hearing this voice, Bao Yu Kun did not seem to be surprised and said without looking back, “Yao Qing, you are going to be wasting your time this time, that Yue Bu Qun did not even send resources and did not ask for a Yuan Enrichment Pill!”
“I know, he won’t ask for the Pill Increasing Pill in the future, and he won’t send resources to your Pill Refining Sect anymore.”
Yao Qing said slowly.
“Why?” The first thing he did was to look back at Yao Qing.
Yao Qing was covered in a black robe and a faint black mist was emanating from his body, so it was obvious that he was an evil cultivator!
But this Yao Qing was not scared at all!
“The residual soul that I left in the body of Yue Buqun has been discovered, and now Yue Buqun can no longer use the Yuan Enrichment Pill, so he will not send you resources!”
Yao Qing explained.
“What? It hasn’t been discovered for so many years, how come it was discovered all of a sudden?”
Bao Yu Kun looked shocked!
“It was the boy who just discovered it with you. It seems that his medical skills and alchemy are not inferior to yours.”
“We need to find a chance to keep that boy, I found out that he is not a mundane mortal, if I can absorb this boy’s strength, it will definitely be of great help to me!”
Yao Qing said with a greedy gleam in his eyes.
“In a few days, that boy will take his friend to the Regeneration Spring and should not leave for a short while.
“If he dies, this Divine Peasant Cauldron is mine too.”
He looked like he wanted Chen Ping to die too. –