Three days later!
Under the augmentation of the Demon Subduing Tower, Chen Ping’s injuries had healed and the spiritual energy in his body was overflowing!
The four villains were also all arranged by Chen Ping to enter the Demon Subduing Tower to cultivate and heal their wounds!
However, the speed of healing of the four villains was much slower compared to Chen Ping.
It would take at least ten days and half a month for the four of them to recover to their peak.
When Chen Ping came out from within the Demon Subduing Tower, he found Zhao Barging with his men guarding the surrounding area.
These people guarding the tower were all the most elite people within the Shadowless Villa.
“Big Brother Chen ……”
Seeing Chen Ping come out, Zhao Barging hurriedly greeted him.
“Zhao Barging, how long have I been in the tower?”
Chen Ping asked to Zhao Barging.
Inside the tower, he had no way to estimate the time.
“Three days, I didn’t expect your body to recover so well in three days!”
Zhao Barging said as he surveyed Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was also a little surprised, he didn’t expect his body to recover in three days, and his spiritual energy had also become full.
“You have a good time cultivating in the valley, I’m going out for a trip ……”
Chen Ping patted Zhao Beng’s shoulder and said.
“Big brother Chen, what are you going to do?”
Zhao Barging asked in confusion.
Chen Ping’s gaze revealed killing intent, “I’m going to destroy the Ning family and avenge my dead brothers ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping walked outwards.
“Big brother Chen, it’s too dangerous for you to go alone, I’ll go tell my father to bring his men to go with you!”
Zhao Beng said to Chen Ping in a hurry.
“No need, you guys stay in the valley, no one can leave.”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s figure disappeared at the entrance of the valley.
Chen Ping was dressed in all black and his head was also held by a black cap.
If one did not look closely, it would be hard to tell that it was him.
After Chen Ping he went up to the boundaries of Kyoto, the cold aura in his eyes instantly flashed.
The first thing Chen Ping did when he stepped into Kyoto was to call Zhao Wuji.
He spoke to Zhao Wuji and asked for all those clans and families that were attached to the Ning Family.
Chen Ping had said that he would destroy the Ning Family!
And those clan families that were attached to the Ning Family were also part of the Ning Family’s forces.
Although Zhao Wuji did not know what Chen Ping was going to do, he still gave the list to Chen Ping.
Looking at those clans and families on the list, killing intent rose up in Chen Ping’s body!
The Xuan Yang Clan, which was considered a modest clan in Kyoto!
The Yang Patriarch of the Xuan Yang Clan was only a sixth grade Martial Sect.
There had been many times when the Xuan Yang Clan had applied to join the Martial Alliance, only that they had not been able to do so due to insufficient conditions.
There are many small clans like this all over Kyoto, so the Xuan Yang Clan would love to find a backer.
In this way, they can continue to live in Kyoto in peace.
Since they couldn’t join the Martial Alliance, the Xuan Yang Clan chose to become affiliated with the Ning Family at a time when they were in a great position to do so.
And that night, Patriarch Yang of the Xuan Yang Clan was in his room, sleeping with his recently married young wife.
While inside the sect, a black shadow had entered!
Soon, the whole Xuan Yang Clan was wailing and in flames!
The Yang Patriarch of the Xuan Yang Clan was also awakened and came out inside carrying his weapon.
When he saw the corpses all over the ground, the entire clan almost slaughtered, he froze at once.
“What are you?”
Patriarch Yang roared in anger as he looked at the man dressed in black in front of him.
And Chen Ping slowly turned around after killing the last of the Xuan Yang Sect disciples ……
When Patriarch Yang saw Chen Ping, he was instantly stunned.
“Chen …… Chen Ping?”
Patriarch Yang’s eyes showed shock and horror!
He was also present when Chen Ping was besieged that day.
Chen Ping looked at that Yang Patriarch coldly, and with a wave of his hand, a strong wind rushed out!
The head of Patriarch Yang was directly cut off by the strong wind.
Chen Ping slowly bent down and picked up the head, at this moment, in Chen Ping’s eyes, he could not see the slightest emotion.
It was just like a killing machine!
“The next family ……”