As Chen Ping led Bing Lu and the others towards that Extreme Stone Mountain, Mu Naiyi also led the Mu family members to the top of that mountain!
Their purpose was not to kill these Saint Maidens, but to obtain the Extreme Stone Mine!
Now that the turbulence was surging and this mountain peak was completely revealed, of course they had to rush over there first!
At the same time, this sudden appearance of the peak, coupled with the halo around it, caused many of the people who had entered the Pole Land to excitedly head towards that peak!
After all, after so many days, they hadn’t been able to find the place where the Immortal had fallen, and now that a mountain peak had suddenly appeared, of course they had to go and take a look!
Maybe this was the hidden Immortal’s Fallen Place!
For a while, everyone ran towards the mountain peak that had appeared!
Chen Ping and the others were the closest to the Land of Chaos, so they were all moving very carefully!
There were too many turbulent currents within this chaotic land, and there was also a great suction force, so if they were not careful, they would be sucked in!
Chen Ping knew that if he was sucked into the Land of Chaos again, he was afraid that there would be no one to save him!
It was impossible for Mr Shi to be able to appear anytime, anywhere!
However, knowing that Mr Shi was not dead, Chen Ping was still very happy inside!
Chen Ping walked in the innermost part of the room, the Heavenly Underworld Eyes opened, and everything in front of him became grey!
Only, under the Heavenly Underworld Eyes, everything had nothing to hide!
Even the scene within the Land of Chaos was clearly seen by Chen Ping!
No matter how time and space distorted, Chen Ping could see it clearly!
Along with getting closer and closer to that Extreme Stone Mountain, Chen Ping suddenly detected an unusual aura!
These auras were huge and were constantly gathering!
It was an extremely terrifying aura that made Chen Ping shudder a little!
“Mr Chen, did you discover something?”
Bing Lu saw Chen Ping in that state, so she asked carefully!
Chen Ping did not speak, instead, his Heavenly Underworld Eyes were blinking rapidly!
Soon, Chen Ping discovered that within the Land of Chaos, countless small black dots were coming closer from far away little by little!
And they were very fast, constantly travelling through the Land of Chaos!
When Chen Ping saw these black dots clearly, the entire person sucked in a mouthful of cold air!
Only to see that these were all demonic beasts, countless demonic beasts running from the snowy plains of the Northern Region!
It was as if these demonic beasts were attracted and summoned by something, desperately rushing into the Land of Chaos and then running towards the pole!
It was as if the demonic beasts were not affected by anything at all within the Land of Chaos!
The direction that these demonic beasts ran in was surprisingly also that Polar Stone Mountain!
The appearance of the Pole Stone Mountain also attracted countless demonic beasts!
Even if they were separated by the border of the Chaotic Land, these demonic beasts had all sensed it!
After all, these demonic beasts that lived on the snowy plains, extreme stones were also their cultivation resources!
Looking at the countless demonic beasts, Chen Ping took a deep breath as his entire being became grave!
“Speed up, go up the mountain immediately ……”
Chen Ping knew that if they were here, he was afraid that they would be trampled to death by the demonic beasts that rushed out from that chaotic land!
The countless demonic beasts were like giant waves, and the few of them would definitely be instantly drowned!
The only way to escape this huge wave of demonic beasts was to quickly make their way up to the Extreme Stone Mountain!
Chen Ping accelerated his speed, while Bing Lu and the girls followed closely behind!
Although they could not see the situation within the Land of Chaos, they unconditionally obeyed Chen Ping’s orders!
Chen Ping’s expression was very tense, which also caused the Holy Maidens who were following behind him, not to dare to breathe!
They had never seen Chen Ping so nervous before!
Chen Ping was getting closer and closer to the Extreme Stone Mountain, and when they reached the foot of the mountain, they looked at the halo around the experts, and only then did they realise that there was a formation at the foot of this mountain peak!
It was no wonder that such a mountain peak could be obscured by a barrier and still emit a circle of halos!
Chen Ping tentatively touched it and found that the formation was not an offensive formation!
Only walking into the formation, there was no way in mobilising any breath in the body, just like an ordinary person!
But after walking out of the formation and into the mountain, it would be restored!