But when he looked at Wu Mei’er, he found that Wu Mei’er’s face was Pei red at this moment, biting her lips so hard that they were bleeding!
And her fists were clenched, her nails pierced deep into the flesh!
Flirtatious tenderness flashed in her eyes …………
“Mei’er, are you alright, Mei’er?”
Chen Ping stepped forward and grabbed Wu Mei’er’s hand and shook it!
The first thing that happened was that she saw Chen Ping coming and hugged him to death, wanting to make out with him!
But when Wu Mei’er hugged Chen Ping, Chen Ping suddenly noticed that some images of men and women making love appeared on the stone walls around the cave, all of them very revealing!
Even though Chen Ping was so strong, he felt his belly burning up when he saw these images.
The scent of Wu Mei’er’s body was constantly burrowing towards Chen Ping’s nose!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s eyes began to slowly turn red, and the most primitive impulse in his body began to dominate Chen Ping!
Chen Ping began to respond to Wu Mei’er, taking off Wu Mei’er’s clothes with both hands!
But just as Chen Ping was about to do something further, a golden light suddenly flashed in his mind, causing a tingling pain in his brain!
Chen Ping came to his senses and looked at Wu Mei’er in front of him, he hurriedly put her clothes back on!
Chen Ping mouthed the Clear Heart Mantra, and soon Chen Ping’s heart calmed down!
But looking at Su Yuqi and the three of them, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed tightly!
“Yuqi, let’s go, hurry up and get out of here ……”
Chen Ping shouted at Su Yuqi!
But Su Yuqi’s expression was in pain at this moment, as if she couldn’t hear anything anymore!
Looking at Gu Ling’er again, her body had already started to frost over, leaving only her eyes still moving!
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping roared in anger, golden light glowing above his hands, followed by a violent swing towards the stone wall of the cave!
He knew it was all because of the weirdness of this stone cave!
Boom ……
Boom ……
A loud sound reverberated through the cave, but Chen Ping’s such tremendous strength, hitting the stone wall of the cave, did not cause any damage at all!
Even the sculptures inside the cave were all intact and not damaged in the slightest!
Chen Ping felt incredible, knowing that with his current power, it would not be difficult to destroy a mountain, let alone a cave!
But now his power seemed useless in this cave!
Chen Ping didn’t know how many punches he had thrown, and only when he was out of breath did Chen Ping stop!
But the cave was still the same, without the slightest change!
“Why, why the hell is this?”
Chen Ping was at a loss, he didn’t understand why he couldn’t even break through a cave with his own strength?
Looking at Su Yuqi and the girls, Chen Ping felt a sense of powerlessness hit him at this moment!
Chen Ping sat down on the ground and tried hard to calm himself down!
There was nothing inside the cave but a few dusty statues!
So could the problem be with the statues?
Chen Ping began to look at the statues carefully, and the one in the middle struck Chen Ping as very strange.
The statue’s right hand was stretched forward and open, and its eyes were fixed on its own right hand!
Chen Ping circled around the statue!
“It looks like there should be something in this statue’s hand.”
Chen Ping muttered as he looked at the statue!
Just as Chen Ping was staring at the statue in awe, suddenly the Wordless Heavenly Book on his body made a strange movement!
The Wordless Heavenly Book flickered with light, then slowly flew up and finally landed on top of the statue’s right hand!
As the Wordless Heavenly Book landed in the statue’s hand, many words appeared in the Wordless Heavenly Book, which originally had not a single word in it!
Chen Ping looked on in astonishment, his eyes filled with disbelief!