“Okay, I got it!” Chen Ping finished speaking and started walking at the foot of the mountain!
Suddenly, a black shadow rushed straight out from a bush and headed straight for Chen Ping’s face!
Chen Ping was just about to strike when Hou Zhen, quick on his feet, instantly shot a flying knife out of his hand, which then nailed the black shadow dead on a tree!
Only then did Chen Ping see that the black shadow was actually a large rat the size of a wolf dog!
“Mr. Chen, this kind of mole is the most annoying, there are many of them throughout the Demonic Beast Mountain Range, although they are not strong, they just like to sneak up on people!”
“And the beast pellets of this kind of mole are too low grade, so few people want them, if they encounter a pack of moles, it’s really disgusting!”
Hou Zhen introduced to Chen Ping, clearly seeing the hatred and loathing for that mole on Hou Zhen’s face!
Chen Ping smiled faintly, it seemed that this rat was an abomination everywhere!
The three of them walked a little further and suddenly heard the sound of a fight coming from not far away.
They found several men attacking a fire wolf, who was emitting red flames and shooting out fireballs from its mouth.
The wolves were in a bit of a mess, but they finally killed the wolf and took out the fiery red beast pellet!
When Chen Ping saw the person who had taken out the beast elixir, he could not help but be slightly stunned, for it was none other than Jin Yuan, who had left the Ge family grounds not long ago.
“What kind of person is sneaking around, come out to me ……”
After putting away the Fire Wolf Beast Pill, Jin Yuan suddenly blushed and said loudly!
Obviously, this Jin Yuan had already found out about Chen Ping and the others!
Seeing this, Chen Ping and the three of them could only walk out from where they were hiding!
Only after seeing that it was Chen Ping and the others did Jin Yuan’s face become much more relaxed!
After all, in this Demonic Beast Secret Realm, the most frightening thing was not the demonic beasts, but the people, as snatching would often occur!
The beast pills one had managed to kill and obtain from the demonic beasts ended up being snatched away by people from other secret realms!
“Duke Jin is really lucky to have come across a demonic beast like the Fire Wolf at the edge of this mountain range!”
Hou Zhen smiled as he said to Jin Yuan.
“Monkey, I’m afraid you brought the two of them to this Demonic Beast Secret Realm, right? How dare you come here with just the three of you?”
“Aren’t you afraid of becoming a meal in the belly of a demonic beast?”
Jin Yuan asked with slight disdain.
“Mr. Chen wants to see the Demonic Beast Secret Realm, so we are just casually looking around and will go back soon!”
Hou Zhen explained!
“Since we’re here, why are we in such a hurry to go back, it’s just as well that you three are following me, so you can still be safer.”
“When I’m hunting some demonic beasts, I’ll share a bit with you guys then, it’s better than you guys making a trip for nothing!”
This was Jin Yuan’s intention to lead Chen Ping and the three of them to hunt demonic beasts!
However, Chen Ping understood what Jin Yuan had in mind, he wanted to create opportunities to spend time with Ge Yuhan, and he also wanted to show Ge Yuhan how good he was at hunting demonic beasts!
Otherwise how could this Jin Yuan be so kind to take them along and even give them beast pills!
“This …………”
Hou Zhen looked at Chen Ping, he couldn’t afford to reject Jin Yuan’s kindness outright, after all, the other party was the young master of Chopping Moon Pavilion!
“Since Duke Jin has said so, then let’s follow Duke Jin and dip our toes in the water!”
Chen Ping opened his mouth and said.
In fact, Chen Ping himself wanted to spend more time in this Demonic Beast Secret Realm and see what strength the demonic beasts within this Demonic Beast Mountain Range were!
Originally, Ge Yuhan did not want to agree, but seeing that Chen Ping had said so, he could only nod his head and agree!
When Jin Yuan saw the agreement, a few smiles appeared on his face as he waved his hand and said, “Let’s head inside, the demonic beasts outside here are all trash, not enough to move your muscles!”
As Jin Yuan led the crowd deeper and deeper into the mountain range, that Hou Zhen became a little nervous!