As soon as Chen Ping heard that Qin Xiaolin had actually come to his house, his face instantly became incomparably grim.
Just when Chen Ping wanted to walk towards the villa, Su Yuqi hurriedly pulled Chen Ping’s arm: “Chen Ping, don’t go in, I’m afraid …………”
Su Yuqi was afraid that Chen Ping would follow that Qin Xiaolin and start a conflict.
“Don’t worry, I’m here, don’t be afraid ……”
Chen Ping patted the back of Su Yuqi’s hand.
A group of people followed behind Chen Ping and walked in with great pomp and circumstance.
When they walked into the villa, on the sofa in the hall, a middle-aged man wearing a grey tunic and with a fierce face was sipping tea delicately, the middle-aged man was not tall, but carried an aura of unruffled authority, this middle-aged man was Qin Xiaolin.
Behind the middle-aged man stood two of his men, and Chen Ping could tell with just a sweeping glance that all of them were above the fifth rank of Zong Shi.
“I’ve come to see that Chen Ping, if Chen Ping hasn’t returned, the others get out of here and don’t disturb me ……”
Hearing the rattling at the door, Qin Xiaolin didn’t even glance at it and said coldly.
“This is my home, I think it is you who should get out ……”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown.
Hearing these words, Qin Xiaolin then put his teacup down and slowly turned his head to look in the direction of the door, and when he saw Chen Ping, he obviously froze slightly.
“You are Chen Ping?” Qin Xiaolin asked.
“Not bad, I am Chen Ping who killed your son, killed your nephew, and injured your brother ……”
When Chen Ping saw Qin Xiaolin’s tugging look, he became angry in his heart and deliberately said this to stimulate that Qin Xiaolin.
As a matter of fact, once Qin Xiaolin heard this, the anger in his body rose steeply, and the tea cup in front of him was directly shattered, and at this moment Qin Xiaolin also stood up.
The whole hall was instantly covered by Qin Xiaolin’s killing aura, a horrible and bloody killing aura that directly pressed the people who walked into the villa, unable to breathe.
Chen Ping looked at that Qin Xiaolin, his body slightly trembled, a majestic spiritual energy emanated, instantly enveloping the crowd behind him, resisting that Qin Xiaolin’s aura.
When Qin Xiaolin saw this, he frowned slightly, but quickly withdrew his aura.
“Master Qin, since you have already laid down a challenge, you could have fought it out in the ring tomorrow, so why do you have to find your way home today? The rules of the martial arts world, after placing a challenge, that can be a disaster for your wife and children ……”
The first time I saw him, I thought he would call him Uncle Gu, after all, the Qin family had grown up in Kyoto, and he had not contributed much.
But now, Gu Wentian followed Qin Xiaolin to speak, while Qin Xiaolin only coldly swept a glance at Gu Wentian, not even paying attention to him, obviously despising Gu Wentian.
Although Qin Xiaolin did not speak, however one of the subordinates behind Qin Xiaolin this stepped forward, “What our family lord does, it is not your turn to tell an old thing what to do ……”
The Qin family’s subordinate’s words made Gu Wentian’s face turn red, thinking that back then, not to mention the Qin family’s subordinates, even Qin Xiaolin, the family head, did not dare to speak to him like this, but now that times have changed, even a subordinate of the Qin family dared to yell at Gu Wentian.
Although he was angry, Gu Mantian did not dare to say anything, after all, it was different now, the Gu family had fallen, and he did not have the strength to fight against the Qin family.
“Who are you? If it wasn’t for my grandfather’s help back then, the Qin family would be nothing now ……”
When Gu Ling’er saw her grandfather being infuriated, she immediately became angry and punched directly towards that Qin family subordinate.
This point of strength of Gu Ling’er, in front of that sectarian strength of the Qin family underling, is like a three-year-old child, looking at Gu Ling’er actually dared to make a move towards himself, then the Qin family underling’s mouth was the same, with disdain on his face.