“This fellow Daoist, you continue to speak ……” Chen Ping signalled the cultivator to continue!
“I’ll tell you some secrets that the others don’t know, right?”
That cultivator cleared his throat and then said mysteriously “In fact, the two brothers of this Ji family don’t get along at all, the reason why the disciples of their two veins don’t wear the same coloured clothes is so that they can differentiate.”
“It is claimed externally that the colour is chosen based on preference, but in fact it is not at all, because the disciples of that Ji second master’s lineage are used to being arrogant and domineering, and often cause trouble, making the Ji family infamous!”
“The head of the Ji family also had no way to manage the disciples of the Second Master Ji’s lineage, so he came up with such a method, as long as you see the colour of the clothes on the street, you can know which lineage of disciples of that Ji family.”
“This is my exclusive information, other people simply don’t know ……”
That cultivator was smug, feeling very godly as he knew more!
But just as that cultivator had finished speaking, a seemingly unseen aura enveloped him!
Before the others could detect anything, Chen Ping had already detected it!
This aura was emanating from that Second Master Ji’s body, it seemed that although the other party was sitting at the front, he still knew every move at the back!
As for that cultivator, he had not yet sensed the danger coming and was still chattering about the Yellow and Blue City!
Soon, the airship arrived above Yellow Blue City, and looking down, a city lay across the earth like a giant beast!
The zeppelin slowly landed not far from the gates of Yellow Blue City, and numerous cultivators began to walk down.
Just as everyone stepped out of the blimp, that Second Master Ji slowly walked down.
But just as that Second Master Ji passed in front of that talkative cultivator, he suddenly struck out!
Only to see that Second Master Ji slap out his palm, and that cultivator’s head instantly exploded like a watermelon!
The crowd didn’t know what was going on, and when they saw Second Master Ji suddenly strike to kill, they were all scared and hid to the side!
“In the event that someone dares to talk nonsense about my Ji family, this is what happens ……”
<br> Second Master Ji finished speaking and slowly walked forward.
Second Master Ji’s words were as if he was speaking to Chen Ping and the others, telling them not to fight about his Ji family’s matters!
Along with Second Master Ji walking forwards, the gates of Yellow Blue City slowly opened and several demonic beasts pulled a chauffeured vehicle travelling out!
Behind the chuck wagon was a group of people dressed in blue!
At a glance, it was clear that these people had come to pick up this Second Master Ji!
Master Ji got on top of the carriage and then entered the city!
And as the crowd looked at the cultivator who had been slapped to death, they were all silent as they also headed towards the city!
Ji Yun stowed away the blimp, then the three of them also walked into the city!
The city was bustling with people, looking very lively, and the customs here were obviously quite different from the Northern Domain!
This caused Ji Yun to get a little excited, after all, he had never left the North Domain Continent even after growing up!
Seeing Ji Yun’s appearance, the fire phoenix was laughing “Look at you that have not seen the world look, the celestial and human world five domains continent, I can turn over.”
Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix were talking and laughing, but Chen Ping didn’t say a word because he felt that someone was following them behind him!
From the time he was in the teleportation array, he always felt that there was a pair of eyes staring at them!
Now that there was someone following behind them, this had to make Chen Ping raise his guard!
“Master, what’s wrong?”
The Fire Phoenix, who had noticed something wrong with Chen Ping, asked Chen Ping!
“Don’t ask, follow me ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he quickened his pace while he was specifically heading towards the alley with fewer people!
Although Fire Phoenix followed Ji Yun with a face full of doubts, she didn’t dare to ask more, so she followed Chen Ping at the back!
After walking all the way into a very dimly lit alley, Chen Ping stopped.
Fire Phoenix followed by Ji Yun also stopped.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, slowly turned around and looked at the empty alley, his voice coldly said “Since you followed me, then come out ……”