Chen Ping’s Fire-Resisting Steps were executed, and his body instantly disappeared into thin air!
However, just when they had almost reached the place filled with black mist, suddenly hundreds of people from the Ghost Fiend Sect rushed out, they were the ones who had ambushed here!
Seeing that Chen Ping was only one person, these people did not hesitate in the slightest and all rushed towards Chen Ping!
Facing the hundreds of Ghost Fiend Sect disciples, Chen Ping’s eyes flickered with crimson flames!
He knew that he could not delay here, as Patriarch Luo was not expected to last much longer!
Only to see Chen Ping’s body violently leaping up and floating in mid-air, a blazing flame rising from his body!
These Yin Fiend Devil Cultivators were most afraid of the Supreme Fire Blaze!
Along with Chen Ping’s hands slowly lifting up, endless flames burned throughout the sky!
Even the air was burning!
A wave of heat swept through, and a dozen miles in every direction was covered in flames, and the thick snow was instantly melted and evaporated!
Chen Ping exploded the entirety of the Supreme Fire within his body!
Hundreds of Ghost Fiend Sect disciples, looking at the endless flames, each one of them had horror in their eyes!
Boom!
Chen Ping swung his palm down, and the flames gathered in one place, instantly transforming into a fire dragon that opened its bloody mouth!
The fire dragon roared and swooped straight down!
Those Ghost Fiend Sect disciples were shocked!
One by one, they erupted countless amounts of Yin Fiend Qi, forming a glimpse of an impenetrable shield of black mist!
They wanted to block this fire dragon!
But just as their black mist shields were formed, they felt a huge suction that instantly sucked away all of their Yin Fiend Qi!
Chen Ping opened his mouth and countless Yin Fiend Qi entered Chen Ping’s body!
This time, those disciples of the Ghost Fiend Sect were even more confused!
And just in the moment of confusion, the fire dragon had already rushed to the front, and the flames of the fire caused those Ghost Fiend Sect disciples to burn violently!
These people let out miserable screams.
Seeing this, the Ghost Fiend Sect’s disciples fled the way, and now there was only fear in their hearts!
But there was no escape there!
Fire went down with a mouthful of fiery flames, and a dozen or so Ghost Fiend Sect disciples instantly went up in smoke!
Even the souls were burnt to the dregs!
Hundreds of Ghost Fiend Sect disciples, in an instant, they were ashes and smoke, not even the slightest trace was left behind!
By this time, Patriarch Chen and the others had already arrived, and they were all shocked as they looked at what was in front of them!
Patriarch Chen was secretly glad that he had sided with Patriarch Luo at that time and let Chen Ping go!
If the five great clans had completely angered Chen Ping at that time, he did not know what the consequences for the five great clans would be!
The black-robed man, who was a hundred miles away, heard the miserable screams of the Ghost Fiend Sect’s disciples!
The miserable screams of hundreds of people travelled far and wide!
Chen Ping resolved these Ghost Fiend Sect disciples without the slightest pause, his figure flickered away!
Chen Ping’s figure quickly appeared in that black mist!
The black-robed man also sensed at the first moment, that someone had entered into his black mist, and so his palms condensed thousands of stern ghosts, frantically heading towards the place where Chen Ping had appeared!
At the same time, the black-robed man accelerated his attack on Patriarch Luo!
Patriarch Luo was on the verge of collapse at this moment, his entire person was wrapped in the black-robed man’s Yin Fiendish Qi, making him unable to breathe at all!
He wanted to break free, but it was as if his body was drained of strength!
“I said that I won’t die even in your hands ……”
Patriarch Luo knew that he was in trouble, so he leapt up towards that crack!
He would rather jump and die than die at the hands of the Ghost Fiend Sect!
Chen Ping had already rushed in at this moment, and when he saw Patriarch Luo, who had jumped into the crack, he was inwardly anxious!
“Don’t jump, don’t jump ……”
Chen Ping wanted to stop Patriarch Luo, but unfortunately it was still too late, Patriarch Luo’s body reached the middle of the rift, and suddenly several wind blades cut through Patriarch Luo’s side!
However, Patriarch Luo’s body, did not directly burst and fall into the crack like the others, but the entire body fell downwards!
Seeing this, Chen Ping instantly took the Demon Drawing Whip in his hand and lashed out towards the black-robed man!
Snapping ……
The Demon Drawing Whip emitted a deafening sound, and the black mist that filled the air was all instantly crushed by this Demon Drawing Whip and disappeared!