Inside the City Lord’s Mansion!
City Lord Sun looked at his daughter, his face filled with anxiety!
At this moment, in front of City Lord Sun, a woman was bound by chains all over her body, and there were formations around her.
This woman was Sun City Lord’s daughter, Sun Xiao Yun.
“Xiao Yun, don’t blame me ah, I have no choice, as long as this is the only way to keep you from harming others.”
Sun City Lord said with tears in his eyes!
He didn’t want this, but Sun Xiao Yun had killed several pill masters in one face already, causing the entire City Lord’s Mansion to be seriously injured by gossip, and there was nothing Sun City Lord could do about it!
“Dad, you don’t have to be sad, I won’t blame you, if there’s really no way to cure this disease of mine, then kill me, I don’t want to turn into a murderous maniac either.”
Sun Xiaoyun comforted her father!
“Don’t worry, I’ve already posted the list out, as long as someone cures you, I can agree to any of his conditions, even if I give up the entire city lord to him, I’m willing to do so, I just want you to be safe and sound.”
Sun City Lord’s eyes were filled with compassion, he could give everything for his daughter!
Listening to her father’s words, Sun Xiaoyun was filled with guilt, she didn’t know why she had become like this!
“Dad, where’s my mum? Haven’t seen her for days.” Sun Xiao Yun asked!
“Your mum she …………”
City Lord Sun hesitated!
His wife had been lying down for several days because of his daughter’s illness and her anger, and City Lord Sun was afraid that his own daughter would be worried, so he hadn’t said anything.
Looking at his father that way, Sun Xiao Yun look nervous up, just about to open his mouth to continue to pursue the question, at this time the butler of the City Lord’s mansion walked in, said to the Sun City Lord “City Lord, there is a Gong Pharmacist unveiled the list, and now it is waiting outside ……”
“Quickly please come in ……”
Upon hearing this, City Lord Sun was instantly excited!
Because of the recent gossip, no Apothecary was willing to heal at the City Lord’s Mansion anymore, which made him anxious!
It was important to know that pill masters were a rare existence in the entire Celestial Realm, the Celestial Realm was filled with cultivators, but there weren’t many pill masters!
Especially in the southern region, pill masters were even fewer, so even if a pill master’s realm wasn’t high and his strength wasn’t strong, he could still hang out in the Celestial Realm and be respected for a reason!
Soon after, that Protector Gong was led in, and City Lord Sun immediately greeted him!
“Apothecary Gong, I still hope that you can make a move to save my daughter, as long as I cure my daughter, all conditions are good.”
City Lord Sun said with a respectful face!
Protector Gong was a little nervous at the moment, he was afraid that the other party would detect his identity as a demonic cultivator!
“No need to be polite, City Lord Sun, let me see what kind of disease your daughter is suffering from.”
When Protector Gong finished speaking, he looked towards Sun Xiaoyun who was bound by chains!
For his part, City Lord Sun followed Protector Gong’s description of his daughter’s illness, and after hearing it, a flash of excitement unexpectedly flashed through Protector Gong’s eyes!
Through the description of Sun City Lord, this Sun Xiaoyun is not sick, it is obviously poisoned, and the poison that she is suffering from is a bit similar to the poison tent that she has made!
If it was really this kind of poison, then he would have a way to help Sun Xiaoyun detoxify the poison, in that case, City Lord Sun would owe him a favour!
“City Lord Sun, open the formation, I need to examine your daughter, but while I’m examining, I need to use the formation to shield my breath so that no one else can notice.”
Protector Gong was afraid that when he examined her, he would expose his aura and be detected by City Lord Sun and the others!
“Apothecary Gong don’t worry, everything is at your disposal ……”
Sun City Lord nodded and then opened the formation, allowing Protector Gong to approach Sun Xiaoyun!
Gong Protector looked for a few moments, at this moment, Sun Xiaoyun did not have any abnormalities, following the usual person was the same!
However, right after Gong Xiaoyun approached, Sun Xiaoyun’s eyes suddenly began to turn scarlet, her mind was not clear, and she hissed towards Gong Xiaoyun with her eyes wide open!