Wang Han Han did not follow Chen Ping truthfully to say this Brother Xiong’s great, because she knew that Chen Ping at this time inside has long been swollen to the extreme, if so said, Chen Ping even more will not leave!
Chen Ping looked at that Wu Yi Fan, and then looked at Wang Han Han and said, “Han Han, you and Wu Yi Fan go first, I will go home in a while ……”
When Wang Han Han saw that Chen Ping was not leaving, she was anxious and could only say truthfully, “Brother Chen Ping, just now Yi Fan said, that Brother Xiong is very powerful, we’d better not provoke him ……”
“It’s okay, I’m not afraid!” Chen Ping smiled faintly!
When Wu Yi Fan saw that Chen Ping did not listen to advice, she could only reprimand loudly, “Don’t think that just because you have two tricks, you feel invincible, this Brother Xiong is the left arm of the Red Dragon Gang’s leader, he is very capable of fighting, just like this, I guess two or three of them can’t beat him, do you still dare to stay?”
“What’s there to be afraid of?” Chen Ping had a face of indifference ……
“You …………” Wu Yifan was going to die of anger, finally she could only pull up Wang Han Han and desperately pull her away, “Han Han, let’s go, really Let’s leave him alone, now that he has provoked the Red Dragon Gang, it’s definitely impossible for him to see the sun tomorrow, it’s not worth it for us to die with him ……”
Wang Han Han was dragged away by Wu Yi Fan, although the fat-headed man did not want Wu Yi Fan and Wang Han Han to leave, but at this time Liao Fei Xiong had not yet arrived, he did not dare to make a sound, lest he be beaten up by Chen Ping!
Wu Yifan had just left with Wang Hanhan when he saw several cars coming at speed and then stopped in front of the stall!
The owner of the stall was so frightened that he hid inside, and those who were eating and watching around him also dispersed, only some of them were brave enough to hide and watch from afar!
They all knew the fame of Liao Fei Xiong, no one dared to provoke such a person, if not, they would lose their lives!
When the fat-headed man saw this, he hurriedly ran over and opened the door of the first car respectfully!
Liao Fei Xiong stepped down from the car with a cigar in his mouth, that faction looked at the crowd with a burst of envy!
“Brother Xiong …………” Seeing Liao Fei Xiong, the fat-headed man hurriedly shouted out, with an endless aggravation on his face!
“Fatty, look at your appearance, you’re really a disgrace to the Red Dragon Gang!” Looking at the fat-headed man’s appearance, Liao Fei Xiong frowned and said, “Where are the troublemakers?”
“Brother Xiong, he’s sitting right there ……”
The man pointed at Chen Ping and said!
Liao Fei Xiong followed the direction of his finger and when he saw that the person sitting there was actually Chen Ping, Liao Fei Xiong’s body shook slightly and the cigar in his mouth fell to the ground!
Seeing that Liao Fei Xiong was so out of shape, the fat-headed man looked confused and hurriedly picked up his cigar and said, “Brother Xiong, this guy is just one person, but he has some skills, those of my men were beaten ……”
Liao Fei Xiong was so angry in his heart, he wanted to scold this fat boy.
Even Feng Sihai was defeated by a single kick, who in the whole Hongcheng could be Chen Ping’s opponent?
“Brother Xiong!” Chen Ping looked at Liao Fei Xiong at this time, his face tinged with playfulness, “It’s really fate that we meet again!”
Upon hearing this, Liao Fei Xiong hurriedly changed his face into a smile and walked up, “Mr. Chen is joking, it’s all because of my poor discipline!”
This time, the fat-headed man was dumbfounded, his whole body looked at the fawning Liao Feixiong in confusion, not understanding what had happened!
“Your men are all very bullish, saying that even if I had a hundred lives, I wouldn’t be able to leave here tonight!”
Chen Ping said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised!
“How is that possible, with Mr. Chen’s skills, who in Hongcheng can stop him!” Liao Fei Xiong smiled awkwardly before looking at the fat-headed man and said, “Fatty, get your a*s over here …………”