After all, the immortal flesh of the firstborn is also a legend, whether it is true or not, Chen Ping has not tested it.
But this time, it gave Chen Ping a sense of confidence in his heart.
Chen Ping looked around and found that there were only three corpses of members of the Martial Alliance, and he did not see Zhu Zhishan, it looked like Zhu Zhishan was not dead.
“This old thing, he is really strong ……”
Chen Ping cursed and then rushed towards the Red Lotus Palace.
…………
Southwestern frontier, Wancheng!
Although this small city was not large, it was a major border town, and it had high mountains and dense forests, and there were countless clans and sects!
Ever since Chen Ping had destroyed the Holy Beast Palace’s master, Fei Qingping, the Holy Beast Palace had fallen straight from its position as the number one sect in the south!
Xiao Da had taken over the Sacred Beast Palace, but it would take quite a bit of time to restore the strength of the Sacred Beast Palace in a short period of time.
On this day, Xiao Da was handling the affairs of the Sacred Beast Palace, while a disciple of the Sacred Beast Palace hurriedly came to report!
“Palace Master, Zhou Tiancheng of the Zhou Clan of Wancheng City requests to see ……”
The disciple said.
“Zhou Tiancheng? What is he doing here in our Sacred Beast Palace?”
Xiao Da was surprised, after all, the Sacred Beast Palace had no dealings with the Zhou Family, and this Zhou Family had always called itself the number one powerful family in the south, following the Sacred Beast Palace was still a little bit of a disagreement.
The Zhou family’s sudden visit today gave Xiao Da a bad feeling inside!
“Palace Master, what should we do?”
Seeing Xiao Da frowning and remaining silent, then the disciple asked.
“Please come in!”
Xiao Da said.
Xiao Da had just taken over the Sacred Beast Palace, and with many of his former disciples scattered, the Sacred Beast Palace now had long since lost its former strength.
So he decided that it was better not to offend the Zhou family, or else the Sacred Beast Palace would not have a place here, for fear of not having a place.
Soon, a middle-aged man was invited in, and he was followed by two attendants!
Seeing this, Xiao Da hurriedly got up to greet him.
“Why is Second Master Zhou free to come to my Sacred Beast Palace?”
Xiao Da asked in a very humble manner.
“Master Xiao, since you have taken over the Sacred Beast Palace, our Zhou family should also come to say goodbye, only that we were too busy some time ago and only just found the time to come here!”
Zhou Tiancheng smiled lightly and said.
“Second Master Zhou is very kind, please have a seat ……”
Xiao Da hurriedly invited Zhou Tiancheng to sit down, and then ordered someone to pour tea for Zhou Tiancheng!
After the two of them chatted for a while, Zhou Tiancheng then went straight to the point: “Master Xiao, I heard that your Sacred Beast Palace and Red Lotus Palace have allied with each other?”
Upon hearing this, Xiao Da nodded his head and said, “Yes, an alliance has been made ……”
“It’s good to have an alliance, it’s good to have an alliance!” Zhou Tiancheng smiled lightly, “I have always admired the Red Lotus Palace’s Palace Master Ji, but I have not had the chance to meet her, so I am here today to ask Palace Master Xiao for an introduction.”
“Of course I can’t let Palace Master Xiao work for nothing, as long as you can match me with Palace Master Ji, my Zhou family is willing to offer a hundred power gathering pills!”
After Zhou Tiancheng finished speaking, he looked straight at Xiao Da.
And Xiao Da’s eyes instantly lit up after hearing a hundred Power Gathering Pills, but he also knew what this Zhou Tiancheng’s purpose was in wanting to meet Ji Ru Xue.
This Zhou Tiancheng was known as a big pervert in the whole of Wancheng and even the whole of the southwest, and now Zhou Tiancheng had more than a dozen wives and still wasn’t satisfied.
Now if one introduced Ji Ruxue to Zhou Tiancheng, it would be like pushing Ji Ruxue into the mouth of the wolf.
But faced with a hundred Power Gathering Pills, Xiao Da was also moved, so he was a little hesitant!
“Palace Master Xiao, I know what you are hesitating about, are you afraid of that Chen Ping? But let me tell you, that Chen Ping has long since died, killed by the Zhu Alliance Master of the Kyoto Martial Alliance.”
“Now your only option is to cooperate with me, you yourself should understand that with the current strength of your Sacred Beast Palace, it would be as easy for our Zhou Family to exterminate you ……”
Zhou Tiancheng looked like he had already poked around all the things before he came.