Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu back to the hotel!
Zheng Kai, on the other hand, had gone back to give Zheng Anguo his orders!
Just as Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu back to the hotel, Zhou Jie also came back from the Demon Spirit Sect!
Only this time Zhou Jie’s face carried a bit of melancholy!
“Miss Zhou, what’s wrong with you?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Oh, nothing, I’m probably a bit tired ……”
Zhou Jie hurriedly explained!
Zhou Jie had Dispersing Energy Water kicking around in his pocket, only he didn’t want to give it to Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi!
After this period of contact, Zhou Jie felt that Chen Ping was not bad.
The main thing was that Song Qingping was going against the tenets of their Demon Spirit Sect by doing this!
“Since you’re a little tired, then Miss Zhou should rest more!”
Chen Ping said.
Zhou Jie nodded and then walked towards her room, but when she pa*sed in front of Pockmarked Hu, that Pockmarked Hu didn’t even give her a single glance, not even her fair thighs!
She suddenly felt as if he was a different person!
She suddenly felt as if she was a different person! Zhou Jie even made a deliberate pause, but Hu Ma Zi still didn’t look at Zhou Jie!
Women are like this, when you stalk them every day, she sees you as the most annoying person, but one day you really don’t care about her anymore, then you can’t stand it!
Zhou Jie is like this now, although she is often taken advantage of by Hu Ma Zi, Zhou Jie is very angry, but now Hu Ma Zi suddenly does not speak or look at her anymore, Zhou Jie is still a bit uncomfortable.
In the end, Zhou Jie could only go back to her room with a puzzled look on her face, while Hu Puzi had a calm face and no longer had that lecherous look in his eyes.
Chen Ping knew that the reason for this change in Pocky Hu was entirely due to that little jade’s golden elixir!
But this might also be a good thing for Pocky Hu, to have the matter that had been repressed in his heart settled!
The next day!
Zheng An Guo had sent his men to hide a 3,000 year old mountain ginseng on the mountain, and the men who had been sent to surround the whole mountain had all retreated!
There were now many clans and families staring at that place, so Zheng An Guo’s men, even if they were guarding it, would be useless and would show those people where the 10,000 year old herb came out!
At night, the 10,000-year medicinal herb would come out, but during the daytime, no one was seen heading towards the place where the medicinal herb came out!
But the atmosphere inside South Lake City had become a bit strange!
On the surface, it looked like business as usual, but there were already dark currents!
I don’t know how many clans and families are secretly making alliances, because they know that when this 10,000-year-old herb comes out, it will be a landslide and everyone will grab it, and if they are not absolutely powerful, they will only end up in a lose-lose situation!
So many clans and families began to make secret alliances, so that they could have an advantage when it came to grabbing the 10,000-year herbs!
As the sky grew dark, Chen Ping, Hu Ma Zi and Zhou Jie began to head towards the place where the herbs were to be discovered!
On this journey, Chen Ping let go of his divine sense and directly covered more than ten miles of the surrounding area!
Soon, those experts who had already been hiding in the shadows were all scouted out by Chen Ping!
“Chen Ping, there are actually quite a few experts hiding here, the Great Martial Marquis alone is more than twenty ah ……”
Hu Ma Zi also felt the strong aura around him and could not help but be surprised.
“I’m afraid this is only part of it, the lure of the 10,000 year medicinal herbs is not small, it’s possible that all those sects and families are all out in force!”
Chen Ping said with a frown.
If that was the case, then Chen Ping would have to be even more careful, he must not let these people know where the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb really came out!
The closer to the place where the herb had emerged, the stronger the aura would be. Although those people were all restraining their aura, but with so many experts together, an extremely strong sense of oppression still coalesced!