And at this moment, Ning Zhi looked dumbfounded at Ge Yuhan in front of him, his eyes filled with shock and disbelief!
How could a person who was dumb and had no breath on her body, possibly save Chen Ping from the formation so easily?
Ning Zhi couldn’t figure it out, even more so!
“Don’t freeze, even if you didn’t catch Chen Ping in the dungeon, you can still kill him with the Martial Saint Weapon in your hand, do it quickly ……”
The spirit within Ning Zhi reminded Ning Zhi.
Ning Zhi responded, the vajra in his hand flickered with light, a terrifying aura began to fill the air, the aura emitted alone would be enough to make some Martial Martial Marquis vomit blood and die.
Chen Ping felt the terrifying aura and his face was unsightly.
However, he knew that he could not fight hard against Ning Zhi at this moment, and now that Su Yuqi was locked back into the dungeon, it was impossible for Chen Ping to save Su Yuqi!
He must not die here, if he died, then Su Yuqi would never have a chance to come out!
Chen Ping leapt up and prepared to escape!
But Ning Zhi would not let Chen Ping escape this time, and with a wave of the vajra in his hand, a terrifying force instantly crushed towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping gritted his teeth, but he didn’t dare to stop in the slightest, he could only pray that he would be able to withstand the blow of the Martial Saint Weapon!
Boom!
A loud sound came out, and gusts of terrifying Qi waves tumbled out in all directions!
Chen Ping had thought that this strike would definitely leave him seriously injured, but he didn’t expect that Chen Ping wouldn’t feel a thing when such a huge commotion occurred!
“What’s going on?”
Chen Ping couldn’t help but be curious and looked back!
It didn’t matter if he took this look, he saw that he was being followed by Ge Yuhan behind him, and that terrifying strike just now had struck Ge Yuhan’s body!
Chen Ping was shocked and hurriedly checked Ge Yuhan’s body, Ge Cansheng had entrusted Ge Yuhan to him, he could not let Ge Yuhan really die in the end.
But after checking once, he found that nothing was wrong with Ge Yuhan’s body, he was just standing there with his eyes dumbfounded!
When Ning Zhi saw this, his entire body froze!
“How is this …… possible?”
Ning Zhi was directly dumbfounded, it had just been a strike from a Martial Saint Artifact.
Although the power exerted by the Martial Saint Artifact was not as powerful as that of a true Martial Saint, it was still not far off!
How could it be that it couldn’t even break the flesh of an ordinary person?
With that power just now, even a Martial Marquis realm powerhouse would have turned into mush long ago.
But when it hit Ge Yuhan’s body, it didn’t even break a bit of skin!
Chen Ping laughed, the strength of this Ge Yuhan’s flesh had exceeded his imagination!
At that time, when Ge Cang Sheng said that Ge Yu Han’s flesh was incredibly strong, Chen Ping was still a bit unconvinced, after all, there were not many people who could be stronger than himself!
But now that he had seen Ge Yuhan’s physical body, Chen Ping was completely convinced!
Perhaps this had something to do with the fact that Ge Yuhan’s flesh had been fumigated with embalming incense for so many years.
“If only she could come to life completely and listen to my words ……”
Chen Ping looked at Ge Yuhan, his heart filled with anticipation!
If Ge Yuhan could listen to Chen Ping, she might have just saved Su Yuqi!
“Ning Zhi, you wait, I will take your dog’s life sooner or later ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and once again leapt towards the front.
This time with Ge Yuhan behind him, Chen Ping had no more worries!
“Chen Ping, don’t get too f*cking happy, I will never let you go!”
Ning Zhi said, as the light on the vajra pestle intensified, and an even more terrifying and intense aura emanated from the pestle!
Chen Ping felt the burst of aura and his feet picked up even more speed.
He was truly afraid that Ge Yuhan behind him wouldn’t be able to carry this blow!
“How dare you run ……”
Ning Zhi said, and the vajra in his hand viciously swung out towards Chen Ping!