Soon, Chen Ping once again followed the fusion of a huge flame vortex!
Seeing this, Elder Tu had long been exasperated, these flame vortexes had originally been able to block Chen Ping, preventing him from escaping at will!
But now, it had become Chen Ping’s talisman!
Chen Ping looked at the flames swirling around him, at this moment, he actually liked it so much, this flame vortex was simply too perfect!
Using this flame vortex, Chen Ping began to escape while cultivating!
Elder Tu could only watch but didn’t dare to get close because the huge suction force of that flame vortex would suck him in!
Now he had to endure the attacks of the flames on his body and dodge the flame vortex that appeared from time to time!
The ghostly faces around Elder Tu’s body had long since rotated to their limits at this moment!
“Ah …………”
Elder Tu roared angrily!
He could still watch Chen Ping getting further and further away little by little!
As an expert of the Mahayana Realm, but being tricked by Chen Ping, a small cultivator of the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, Elder Tu was so angry that he was about to vomit blood!
Soon, Chen Ping’s figure completely disappeared into the flame vortex, and Elder Tu could no longer feel Chen Ping’s aura!
Elder Tu was going crazy, forcing his body to endure the discomfort, still searching in the deepest part!
However, after half a day of searching, there was no Chen Ping’s figure at all, and the ghost face beside him had started to shatter at this moment!
Without the protection of the ghost face, Elder Tu’s body simply couldn’t withstand the attack of the flames!
The helpless Elder Tu could only desperately swim upstream!
Suspended above the magma river, Elder Tu was incredibly depressed!
The disciples that he had brought with him had all been slaughtered, and he had chased after them for half a day, yet he hadn’t even injured Chen Ping in the slightest!
Who would believe this if they told the world?
He was at the Mahayana realm, but he couldn’t deal with a small cultivator at the fourth level of the Ferrying realm!
No one would believe it even if they said it!
But this was the truth, Elder Tu regretted coming to the Purple Flame Sect!
He might as well have let the other elders come over, originally he wanted to get some credit, when the Ghost Face Sect swallowed the Purple Flame Sect in one fell swoop, his status would definitely rise!
But now, everything was screwed up, if he couldn’t kill Chen Ping, he didn’t know how to go back and explain!
Looking at the rolling magma river, Elder Tu’s expression became increasingly ugly!
“It seems that there is no way to deliver without making a sacrifice ……”
After a moment of silence, Elder Tu suddenly flashed a hint of determination in his eyes!
Immediately after that, with a wave of Elder Tu’s palm, dozens of ghost faces all came towards Elder Tu, and at the same time, a burst of mournful screams emanated from these ghost faces!
Dozens of ghost faces began to attach themselves to Elder Tu’s body, and Elder Tu’s body continued to expand!
These ghost faces had different shapes and hideous faces, and all of them were attached to Elder Tu’s body, making Elder Tu look as if he had dozens of faces!
Elder Tu’s ghost face, at this moment, slowly cracked from the centre of his eyebrow, followed by a strand of blood sliding down the centre of his eyebrow!
Wherever the blood passed, each ghost face greedily sucked it up while emitting a thick demonic aura!
A bizarre black flame continued to swirl around Elder Tu.
Looking at the magma river below him, Elder Tu instantly rushed down!
This time, Elder Tu’s speed was extremely fast and incomparable, and was not affected by the flames at all!
Chen Ping was, at this moment, still at the bottom of the magma river, his body in the middle of the flame vortex, this was the safest place to be!
Only Chen Ping did not know right now if that Elder Tu had left!
However, even if that Elder Tu had the strength of the Mahayana Realm, he would not be able to stay at the bottom of this Magma River for too long!
Chen Ping was wrapped up in the flame vortex and kept travelling forward, as for where it would lead to, Chen Ping did not know!
He was only thinking about getting rid of that Elder Tu’s pursuit right now!