When he saw Chen Ping sucking all the black gas into his stomach, Yuan Baozhong was dumbfounded, his face full of incredulity.
The puppet insect would not normally emit poisonous gas, if it emitted the poisonous gas inside its body, the puppet insect would not be able to live, except in critical situations, the puppet insect’s master would let the puppet insect follow the other party to die together, after all, it is very difficult to cultivate such a huge puppet insect.
The puppet insect swallowed all the black air it spewed out, while the fist-sized puppet insect stopped struggling and its body simply deflated!
Looking at the dead puppet insect, Chen Ping threw it away, a puppet insect skin was of no use to Chen Ping!
Just as the puppet worm died, in a remote courtyard in Kyoto, a middle-aged man dressed in black robes and sitting in a closed room around him suddenly got up and viciously slammed the tea bowl in front of him onto the ground.
This puppet bug was his, but it had taken him more than ten years of effort to cultivate it, and he never expected it to die like this.
The guard outside heard the commotion and hurriedly pushed the door in, seeing the debris all over the floor, the guard bowed his head in fear.
“Hasn’t Lao Si returned yet?”
The black-robed middle-aged man asked to the guard.
“Back to Dali head, the fourth head is back, he came back yesterday, but seeing you inside your room, he didn’t dare to disturb you ……”
The guard replied hastily.
“Let Old Fourth come to see me!” The black-robed middle-aged man said.
The guard hurriedly left, and soon a man with a beard and a sharp beard walked in.
“Old Fourth, the Miao King has issued an urgent summons in such a hurry, is something happening at the Miao Village?”
The black-robed man asked to the sharp-tongued man.
“Brother, there is nothing wrong, it’s just that the Miao King’s righteous son has died, it seems he was killed by a man called Chen Ping.”
The sharp-tongued man said in disbelief.
“That’s that Qian Feng?”
“Yes, that’s him, died an old miserable …… death,” the man with the pointed mouth and monkey cheeks nodded.
“Hmph, deserved it, this guy only knows how to harm little girls, I’ve been sick of seeing him for a long time ……”
The black robed man snorted coldly.
“Big brother, this time I went back, the Miao King has asked me, asking how our plan is going. Now that the Miao cottage is being guarded very tightly, it’s hard for the Miao King to even think about making a move!”
The sharp-tongued man asked.
Hearing this, the black-robed man’s face instantly turned hideous, his fists clenched and he gritted his teeth, “My puppet worm is dead ……”
“What? The puppet worm is dead? How did it die? How could this happen?” The sharp-tongued man shrieked.
“I’ll talk to you after this, you go poke around first and see if anything has happened to Chang Yuan Jun’s family, I made the puppet bug spit out poisonous gas to kill itself, that poisonous gas is enough to kill people in a dozen meters around, I reckon Chang Yuan Jun’s family is going to be poisoned to death ……”
The black-robed man said with a few moments of worry on his face.
“Big brother, you …… are crazy? Chang Yuanjun is the leader of Department Six, if he is poisoned and traced back to our Miao Cottage, won’t we be out of luck?”
The sharp-tongued man asked with a panicked look on his face.
“What are you yelling about, I was forced to do so at that time, now you go and scout for news immediately ……”
The black-robed man glared at the sharp-tongued man and said.
“Okay!” The sharp-tongued man nodded, turned and walked out.
At this moment, in the hall of Chang Yuan Jun’s house, Chang Yuan Jun was holding the unconscious Chang Yuan and was screaming with his heart torn out.
“Yuan’er, Yuan’er …………”
He hoped his son was waking up, he hadn’t seen his son speak or open his eyes for over a year, Chang Yuan had just recovered, that’s why Chang Yuan Jun was so excited, whether he was puppeted or not, he just wanted his son to live.