Upon hearing this, Elder Yu and the others hurriedly began to fly over the Magma River!
Because the magma river was under Chen Ping’s control, it was not being attacked by flames!
Only when everyone had passed through the magma river did Chen Ping gasp for air and put away the Extreme Cold Ice Flame!
Chen Ping’s forehead was filled with cold sweat!
And at this moment, not far away, Elder Tu had already chased after him with the Ghost Face Sect’s people!
“Senior brother, hurry up and come over, hurry up and come over ah ……”
Seeing the people from the Ghost Face Sect chasing and killing over, Zhu Ling hurriedly shouted at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping glanced at the Ghost Face Sect’s people, knowing that if he left at this moment, the Ghost Face Sect’s people would definitely chase after him very quickly!
“Senior sister, you guys go first and stop that Huo Yuan Ting right away, I will catch up afterwards!”
Chen Ping shouted to Zhu Ling!
“Eldest Miss, let’s go first, it’s even more dangerous to let him cross this magma river at this time, the Ghost Face Sect’s people will be arriving soon.”
“Our priority is to stop Huo Yuan Ting from getting the Divine Flame Seal, we must stop him!”
Elder Yu said as he pulled Zhu Ling!
Zhu Ling also knew that what they had to do now was to stop Huo Yuanting from getting the Divine Flame Seal!
The helpless Zhu Ling, after giving Chen Ping a deep look, waved her tears and turned her head towards the Divine Flame Volcano!
This time, she did not know if Chen Ping could still escape!
After all, with the river of magma blocking the way in front and the Ghost Face Sect’s pursuit behind, where exactly would Chen Ping escape?
As for Chen Ping, he looked at that Tu Elder who was coming in a huff, knowing that this time in trying to escape, he was afraid that it would not be that easy!
“I don’t know if I have the power to fight when I add this puppet!”
Chen Ping frowned slightly!
Just now, Chen Ping had already expended a great deal of energy by using the Extreme Cold Ice Flame to directly freeze the Magma River and allow Elder Yu and the others to pass through!
There was simply no time to catch his breath before this Elder Tu brought his people to catch up!
“In your current state, there’s no such thing as a battle.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke!
“If I die, you won’t be able to live either, don’t talk about sarcasm ……”
“Hurry up and think of a solution, you, the Devil Monarch of the Heavenly Realm, can’t be counted on for sh*t.”
Chen Ping said without good humour!
“The way is not without, just afraid that you do not agree ah.”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch said.
“Quickly say, what exactly is the solution?” Chen Ping asked!
“That is to let me attach myself to you and let me take control of your body.”
“But don’t worry, I will definitely control the breath, I won’t mess up this physical body of yours, and I won’t not give it back to you after taking over your body.”
“The two of us have been together for such a long time, don’t you trust me?”
Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“No problem, I can give up my physical body and let you control it.”
Chen Ping surprisingly agreed without any hesitation!
Seeing Chen Ping agree so readily, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was a little surprised, “Kid, you really agree? Are you not afraid that I won’t give you back your body? Or aren’t you afraid that I will occupy your body and then go play with your women?”
“You know, those women of yours are all stunningly beautiful, I haven’t even seen such beautiful women in the Heavenly Realm!”
“Cut the crap, if you dare to have that thought, I will have my own ways to deal with you, but I trust senior’s character more than anything else, you won’t do that.”
Chen Ping said!
“Alright, but if you give up your body, you must also find a way to suppress this Heavenly Book, this thing hangs over my head all day long, I’m afraid that the moment there is any movement that takes over your body, I’ll just beat it straight to dust.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord reminded!
The Dala Golden Canon in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness had always protected Chen Ping, and any spirit would never want to pass through Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness and control Chen Ping’s body!
“Don’t worry, hurry up ……”
Chen Ping urged!
Chen Ping’s divine sense then spread out and a figure appeared in the sea of consciousness, Chen Ping took the initiative to give up his physical body and put his divine soul into the sea of consciousness!