Chen Ping is planning to smash his body against the sculpture and destroy it!
Boom! …………
Chen Ping’s body slammed into the sculpture!
Boom …………
The sculpture collapsed with a bang and then broke into pieces!
As the sculpture shattered, the hall and the tunnel, which had been dimly lit and filled with darkness, instantly became brighter!
The darkness disappeared without a trace and the black shadows also dissipated in an instant.
Liu Rui and the others hurriedly looked at Chen Ping and found him lying on the ground, breathing heavily!
In the hall, Tong Youcai was amazed at the sudden disappearance of the darkness.
“Did that boy really break the eye of the formation?”
Tong Youcai frowned and led his men into the tunnel!
“Mr. Chen, are you alright?”
Liu Rui helped Chen Ping up.
“No, I’m fine!” Chen Ping shook his head!
“What is this?” Old Liu noticed that although the collapsed sculpture was broken, something was shining brightly!
Chen Ping looked over, threw away the debris and found a dried corpse inside the sculpture.
The corpse was a woman, with a fierce expression, just like the sculpture’s!
The corpse was dressed in ancient clothes and had been there for many years.
And the glittering light was from three emerald green gems on the corpse’s chest!
When Chen Ping picked up one of the gems, he felt his body instantly relaxed, and the huge amount of spiritual energy he had consumed was replenished in an instant!
The crowd also felt a sense of relief, as they were all exhausted from the fierce battle, but now they all felt very relaxed!
Chen Ping held the gemstone in his hand and with a thought, a message appeared in the wordless book of heaven in his mind!
“Xuan Crystal Stone, an ancient spirit stone, a crystal stone that exists in the Celestial Realm!”
Looking at the information, Chen Ping’s face was full of astonishment!
How could this stone exist in the Celestial Realm and why did it appear here?
Could it be that this Water Fairy Palace had a connection with the Celestial Realm?
Chen Ping took the other two Xuan Crystals off the corpse’s body and then looked at it carefully.
Although the corpse had existed for many years, its face was still vaguely recognisable, it must have been a woman in her thirties with a pretty face.
But looking at the fierce expression on her face, it seemed that she had been sealed up in a sculpture when she was alive!
Chen Ping was puzzled as to how this corpse had crystals from the Celestial Realm on it!
Could it be that this woman came from the Celestial Realm?
How could she have died in the Water Fairy Palace and been made into an eye of the formation?
How did this Water Fairy Palace fall?
Looking at the remains of the Water Fairy Palace, it was well preserved and there were no signs of struggle.
All these questions bothered Chen Ping, but he knew that it was not the time to think about it!
Chen Ping buried the dried corpse in a grave with stones!
Then he took three Xuan Crystal Stones and walked to Leng Yun’s face and said, “Here is one for you, this will help you in your cultivation.”
Leng Yun took the Xuan Crystal Stones and felt the Qi of Heaven and Earth emanating from them, and his whole body was instantly enriched!
Although there were many resources in the Hidden World and many kinds of gems, he had never seen such a magical stone before!
“Miss Liu, here’s one for you ……”
Chen Ping gave one to Liu Rui, so that Liu Rui could quickly regain her strength!
After all, all of them had contributed to breaking this array of eyes, so Chen Ping could not possibly take the Xuan Crystal Stone for himself!
As for Old Liu, he was a member of the Burning Heaven Sect and Chen Ping was not sure if he had really changed his ways, so it was impossible for Old Liu to get the Xuan Crystal Stone!
Old Liu also had the self-awareness and was not displeased!
On the contrary, Tong Youcai was looking at the turquoise Xuan Crystal Stone, and his eyes were full of fervour!
After giving a slight wink to his men, Tong Youcai walked towards Chen Ping! -After giving a slight wink to his men, Tong Youcai walked towards Chen Ping!