Chen Ping looked down at Mu Yao, his eyes filled with disdain and mockery!
Looking at Chen Ping’s eyes, Mu Yao’s heart trembled!
As a Transition Realm 9th Grade Great Cultivator, Mu Yao still could not help but tremble in the face of Chen Ping, who had just been promoted to the 4th Grade of the Transition Realm!
The aura that erupted from Chen Ping’s body was intimidating.
This kind of feeling, even when he met the Mu Family Head, Mu Yao had never felt it before!
“Ignorant rats ……”
Chen Ping waved his palm and an aura arrived instantly!
Mu Yao’s face changed violently!
Boom!
This palm directly sent that Mu Yao flying.
Mu Yao sprayed a mouthful of blood in mid-air, and after flying out a dozen feet, he was caught by Mu Naiyi, who had rushed over and waved a spiritual force!
Mu Yao’s eyes were filled with horror as he stood beside Mu Naiyi with a face of shame!
“Mr Chen …………”
When Bing Lu and the others saw Chen Ping, they were all excited!
Even Ouyang Zhenhua and the others who rushed behind were surprised as they looked at Chen Ping, who was like a heavenly god, in mid-air!
A small realm advancement, yet it made a great change in Chen Ping, as if Chen Ping had advanced to a large realm!
“Are all of you Mu family chicken and dog generations?Is it because you feel that you can’t beat me, and that’s why you’ve captured these Holy Maidens to blackmail me?”
Chen Ping saw that Bing Lu and the others had already reached Mu Nai Yi, so he said in a cold voice!
“Hmph, what are you blowing about, if you hadn’t fled like a rat and ended up hiding in a mansion and not coming out, would I have used to blackmail you?”
“Don’t run if you’re capable, let’s see if I can destroy you.”
Mu Naiyi snorted coldly!
Although Chen Ping had been promoted to the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, she still did not place Chen Ping in her eyes!
The fourth grade of the Transition Realm followed the peak of the Transition Realm, but there was an essential difference!
Mu Naiyi only needed an opportunity to glory in the Mahayana Realm!
As for Chen Ping, if he wanted to glory in the Mahayana Realm, he didn’t know how long it would take!
“It’s not certain who has destroyed who, you don’t need to talk big right now.”
Chen Ping smiled coldly!
After reaching the fourth level of the Transition realm, Chen Ping would have the ability to fight with Mu Naiyi!
It wouldn’t be like the Guanghan Palace, under the hands of this Mu Naiyi, there would be no power to fight back!
What’s more, Chen Ping still had a bottom card in his hand, that Extreme Cold Ice Flame was Chen Ping’s bottom card!
This Mu Naiyi cultivated Ice System Kung Fu, and all kinds of tactics were endless!
But as powerful as the Ice Technique is, there is still a gap between it and the Extreme Cold Ice Flame!
This Extreme Cold Ice Flame was an extremely cold thing from the Heavenly Realm, nothing could compare to it!
“Arrogant ……”
Mu Naiyi smiled disdainfully!
At this moment, the entire Wuji Sacred Sect was beginning to be shrouded in darkness, and a murderous aura was spreading, causing people’s hearts to tighten!
Chen Ping hovered in mid-air, following that Mu Naiyi to look at each other, and the aura of the two of them continued to coalesce!
Everyone was able to sense that a vicious battle should follow.
The rising aura of the two men made the crowd only feel that it was difficult to breathe, and they kept retreating backwards!
Only Ouyang Zhenhua remained motionless, gazing at Chen Ping and Mu Naiyi!
The fourth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm against the peak of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
If someone told him this, Ouyang Zhenhua would not believe it to death!
How could a fight like this that wasn’t even on the same scale be fought?
It was feared that the fight would be resolved with a slap on the wrist!
But at this moment, he saw with his own eyes that Chen Ping, a Transitional Appearance Realm Fourth Grade cultivator, had an aura climbing up his body that was not even remotely comparable to that of a Transitional Appearance Realm Peak cultivator if he was!
“Mr Chen, you must be careful, this Mu Naiyi is very sinister ……”
Bing Lu reminded loudly to Chen Ping!
This Mu Naiyi was very sinister, at first relying on the identity of the Broad Cold Palace Elder, causing Bing Lu and the girls to let their guard down!
It then struck out and killed a number of Saint Maidens.
“Don’t worry, today either she dies or she dies ……”
Chen Ping’s figure slowly fell!
Bing Lu was stunned and thought that Chen Ping had said something wrong, shouldn’t it be either she dies or I die?