Chen Ping knew that in the past few days, both Zhao Wuji and the others and Long Wu must have been worried about his safety.
Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er rushed to the airport!
And at this moment, Ning Zhi had also brought his men to Xichuan and walked out from the airport.
The two rubbed shoulders in the middle of the crowd, but didn’t spot each other!
Chen Ping suddenly frowned slightly after brushing shoulders with Ning Zhi, although he didn’t see Ning Zhi in the crowd, he always felt an aura that was very familiar!
“Chen Ping, what’s wrong?”
Gu Ling’er asked when she saw Chen Ping stop in his tracks.
“Oh, it’s nothing ……”
Chen Ping looked around, then shook his head and walked straight into the airport!
Ning Zhi, on the other hand, led the men out of the airport, looked at the road outside the airport, there was no car waiting, and couldn’t help but have a cold face.
“Young master, isn’t this Northwest King Gu Kaiyuan a bit too wild, knowing that young master is here, he didn’t even send a car to pick him up?”
One of Ning Zhi’s men beside him said.
Ning Zhi did not say anything, but was clearly unhappy.
Just then, a taxi stopped in front of Ning Zhi, followed by an old man getting down from the pa*senger side, who was none other than Uncle Zhong, who had escaped from Gu Ling’er.
After getting out of the taxi, Uncle Zhong had a cautious look on his face, and then asked Ning Zhi, “Excuse me, are you Mr. Ning?”
Ning Zhi sized up Uncle Zhong and then nodded his head.
When Uncle Zhong saw this, he let out a long sigh of relief and hurriedly explained, “I’m an old butler of the Gu family, and I’ve come to pick up Duke Ning on purpose.”
“b*****d, your Gu family is too arrogant to use a broken taxi to pick up our young master?”
At this moment, the subordinate beside Ning Zhi . . reprimanded loudly.
For his part, Uncle Zhong had a difficult face and hurriedly said, “Sir Ning, I don’t know, that Chen Ping is now on a killing spree in the Gu family, I also escaped and came to pick up Sir Ning, I’m not sure how our family’s master is now ……”
“What’s going on? Didn’t Gu Kaiyuan say that Chen Ping had been arrested? How did it turn out like this again? You guys didn’t frame me over on purpose, did you?”
Ning Zhi asked with an icy expression on his face.
“No, no, no, how dare we deceive Lord Ning, at that time Chen Ping was indeed imprisoned within the Demon Subduing Tower by the Family Head, but we don’t know how that Chen Ping escaped, and now the Family Head should be whole having a fight with him!”
Uncle Zhong hurriedly waved his hand and explained.
“Young master, what should we do?”
The subordinate asked in a low voice to Ning Zhi.
Now that he knew that Chen Ping hadn’t been caught and had followed Gu Kaiyuan into a fight, if Ning Zhi were to go now, he would definitely have followed Chen Ping into a conflict as well!
At that time on Locked Dragon Island, Ning Zhi and Gu Kaiyuan had joined forces and had not been able to defeat Chen Ping, so now that he was going he was afraid that he would not be a match for that Chen Ping again.
After all, Chen Ping had just defeated Long Xiao, who was said to be the most talented!
Even Guo Wei had been forced by Chen Ping to burn his essence blood.
Now Ning Zhi didn’t know how powerful Chen Ping was, so if he rashly followed him into a conflict, it would be more than worth it if he got himself into it.
After thinking for a moment, Ning Zhi waved his hand and said, “Let’s go back to ……”
When Uncle Zhong saw that Ning Zhi wanted to go back to his home, he immediately became a bit anxious and hurriedly stopped Ning Zhi and said, “Sir Ning, that Chen Ping in the Gu family, absolutely can’t fight our family master, our family master has the Demon Suppressing Tower in, that is an ancient inherited treasure tower, inside the tower cultivation, one hour can be worth a day outside!”
“Our family lord relied on this Demon Suppressing Tower to achieve the position of King of the Northwest, now that Demon Suppressing Tower can only be activated by our family lord, if Lord Ning can work with our family lord to kill that Chen Ping, the secret of this Demon Suppressing Tower, I think the family lord will never keep it ……”
When Ning Zhi heard this, his entire body just froze, followed by a somewhat incredulous look at Uncle Zhong, “There’s still this kind of treasure? You’re not lying to me?”