Chen Ping also had dragon bloodline in his body, so when he looked at Cen Biqing like this, he felt very pitiful!
“What would it take to restore your strength and bring you out of here?”
Chen Ping asked!
He decided to save Cen Biqing first, as for the other suppressed people, Chen Ping had no time to care!
“It’s not difficult to make me regain my strength, I just need to follow the man and fuse with each other.”
“But it will be difficult to leave this place, there are formations as well as boundaries sealing this place, it is impossible to walk out.”
Cen Biqing said!
“Need to fuse with men?”Chen Ping was slightly embarrassed!
After all, so many people were watching, so how to get it done!
Seeing Chen Ping’s difficulty, Cen Biqing hurriedly said, “Mr Chen, you are also of the Dragon Race, or of the Golden Dragon lineage, so all that is needed is for us to fuse each other’s Dragon Race auras, there is no need to do anything.”
“That’s good, that’s good ……”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping hurriedly nodded his head!
However, the expression on his face carried a few points of disappointment, after all, this Cen Biqing was too beautiful ……
Who wouldn’t want to ah ……
Cen Biqing also saw Chen Ping’s meaning and just smiled faintly!
At this time, Ji Yun and the Thunder Beast were still immersed in Cen Biqing’s beauty, and there was no way to extricate themselves!
Cen Biqing had her strength sealed, and faintly relying on her beauty and body scent to control people like Ji Yun and the Thunder Beast was considered a skill.
Even Zhu Qingxiu and Lin Keting were in a trance!
Beauty, who doesn t like ……
Chen Ping exuded his own dragon aura and then followed Cen Biqing’s dragon aura to fuse together!
However, just as the aura fused, Chen Ping’s body trembled slightly as an unprecedented relief came!
Cen Biqing smiled, followed by slowly closing her eyes!
Chen Ping felt that he had arrived in an exotic space!
There was no one else in front of him, only Cen Biqing ……
Chen Ping smiled, a very bright smile ……
Not knowing how long had passed, Chen Ping took a deep breath and opened his eyes!
And Cen Biqing also opened her eyes, the flirtatious colour on her body disappeared, and a faint layer of white light unexpectedly surrounded her body!
Cen Biqing’s strength was restored, and her big red dress turned green!
Without that flirtatious colour, Ji Yun and the rest of them slowly came to their senses!
“I’m really sorry, my strength was blocked, so I could only rely on my posture to charm the crowd, and now that my strength has been restored, I don’t need it anymore.”
Cen Biqing said somewhat apologetically!
Although Cen Biqing’s appearance hadn’t changed, but the big red dress had turned into a green colour, and the fiery lips had disappeared, and after there was no more flirtatiousness on her body, the men had less of that impulse when they saw her!
The two guys, Ji Yun and Thunder Beast, wiped their saliva and were also full of embarrassment!
“Chen Ping, Chen Ping, are you stupid?”
Lin Keting hurriedly shouted twice when she saw Chen Ping’s intoxicated face!
Chen Ping hurriedly returned to his senses and asked, “What’s wrong?”
“Are we still continuing upwards?”
Lin Keting asked.
“I advise you guys not to go up, whether we can get treasures up there, I don’t know, but there is definitely a guy with great strength on every floor.”
Cen Biqing advised Chen Ping!
“I’ll take a look at the situation on the upper layer, didn’t you say that there is an old guy up there who has been cultivating for 10,000 years, I’ll go and take a look.”
Chen Ping had learnt about this tower and that each layer suppressed someone, so he wanted to see who was suppressed on the upper layer!
“Mr Chen, since you want to go and take a look, I’ll try to see if I can break through the prohibitions on this layer, if I can, I’ll accompany you up.”
After Cen Biqing finished speaking, she slowly walked over to the steps!
After she stepped onto the steps with one foot, suddenly a burst of blood light swept around her, and Cen Biqing’s body was instantly sent flying!
Cen Biqing got up, and then her breath surged around her body, forming a rapidly rotating whirlwind!
Stepping towards that ladder once again, he was still sent flying by that bloody light in an instant!
After trying twice in a row and not being able to break through that prohibition, Cen Biqing could only give up helplessly!