As for Chen Ping at this moment, his face changed as he hurriedly moved his hands away from the rock wall and looked at Elder Tu below him!
Cold sweat broke out on Chen Ping’s forehead, Elder Tu had arrived below him and he had been unaware of it!
Fortunately, Chen Ping had just practiced the True Fire Dharma Body, causing his body to be wrapped in the Flame Qi, and only then had he not been injured by Elder Tu!
However, this had already startled Chen Ping!
Chen Ping quickly rushed upwards, while holding his breath, suppressing his breath to a minimum, if he could not use his divine sense to probe, if he could only see with his eyes, he would not be able to see much distance at all in this magma river!
When Elder Tu saw that Chen Ping was about to escape after missing a blow, he accelerated his speed and chased after him!
In order to prevent Chen Ping from escaping far away, Elder Tu was desperately stirring the magma river with his palms!
A black to fire surged wildly, stirring the entire magma river!
In this way, Chen Ping’s escape speed in this magma river would slow down a lot!
As for Elder Tu, his entire body was wrapped in that ghostly face and was not stopped at all.
Chen Ping couldn’t help but frown as he felt the boiling magma river that was being stirred up!
He felt that this Elder Tu was not crazy!
If he did this, it was estimated that it wouldn’t take long for that Elder Tu’s spiritual energy to be depleted!
And from this situation, that Elder Tu would also be affected and slow down!
In that case, it would still be the same!
But just as Chen Ping was pondering whether this Elder Tu was crazy, suddenly a figure quickly rushed in front of Chen Ping!
It directly blocked Chen Ping’s path!
Chen Ping fixed his eyes and found that it was actually that Elder Tu!
However, at this time, Elder Tu was very hideous, his entire body was wrapped in a ghostly face, and the ghostly face on his face was split in the middle, and blood was constantly coming out of his forehead!
The blood that emerged was instantly devoured by the ghostly faces on his body!
Seeing this horrifying scene, Chen Ping was somewhat confused!
He couldn’t figure out what kind of gong method this Elder Tu was using!
“Kid, I have to kill you today, because of you, I even used the secret technique of our Ghost Face Sect.”
“In the future, I’m afraid I’ll have to go into seclusion for a hundred years before I can recover, if I don’t kill you, I’m not willing ……”
Elder Tu stared at Chen Ping angrily, itching to swallow Chen Ping immediately!
Chen Ping also did not expect that this Elder Tu was dead set on himself, and in order to kill himself, he even used some secret method!
Only to see that Elder Tu’s palm above his hand once again condensed black light, followed by the black light suddenly exploding and blossoming into countless flashes of light!
In an instant, dozens of miles around where Chen Ping was was enveloped!
It seemed that this Elder Tu was afraid that Chen Ping was escaping, and that was why he had controlled Chen Ping first!
Chen Ping felt the light around him, he knew that this time it was really hard to escape!
It was obvious that this Elder Tu was determined to win and would not give Chen Ping a chance!
Chen Ping could only dodge in a sorry state as he felt the light that was constantly shooting out!
Only along with the constant contraction of the light flashes, the space that Chen Ping could move around in was also getting smaller and smaller!
“Damn, this guy is really immortal ……”
Chen Ping cursed!
“Kid, give me control of your body now and I will help you destroy him.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord spoke at this time!
Chen Ping did not pay attention to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, if he really let him take control of his body, although it was possible to exterminate that Elder Tu, however, Chen Ping knew that his physical body would be destroyed!
Seeing that Chen Ping did not speak, that Red Cloud Demon Monarch then continued to speak, “It’s fine if you don’t allow me to take control, you can’t hide in this state, you can’t avoid it by using the flame vortex again to try ……”
Hearing the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Chen Ping rushed to look, only there was no longer a flame vortex here.
At first, Chen Ping was afraid of the flame vortex, but now he looked forward to it appearing!
“There’s no flame vortex here either ah ……”
Chen Ping said anxiously!