Chen Ping was very surprised, he did not dare to imagine that the old ancestor of the Purple Flame Sect, just how capable he was, that he was able to lay down such a large formation to hide a mountain peak!
Seemingly seeing Chen Ping’s amazement, Elder Yu explained, “This Divine Volcano was not hidden by our Purple Flame Sect’s old ancestor, originally, this peak did not have flames, and this place was not a desert either.”
“Legend has it that during the God-Devil War, the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign of the Heavenly Realm dropped an object, causing the entire peak to become a volcano, and the hundreds of miles around here also became a desert.”
“And this thing that fell was the Divine Fire Seal, and our Violet Flame Sect is nothing more than a sect that was later created by attaching itself to the underside of this Divine Volcano.”
“Fire Spirit Star Sovereign?”
When Chen Ping heard this, his entire body became a little incredulous!
Chen Ping could never have imagined that this Purple Flame Sect was actually created by attaching to an item dropped by the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign!
A single item dropped by an Immortal could make a huge sect!
And when Chen Ping accepted the inheritance from the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign at that time, he was still picking and choosing, and in the end, he annoyed the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign and ran away directly!
When Chen Ping thought about it now, he still had a burst of regret!
However, fortunately, he had practiced the Fire Sentinel Steps almost as well, and he still had the Fire Spirit Astral Monarch’s Fire Essence Spirit in his hand!
If that was the case, the current Chen Ping was afraid that he would have a higher status than the Purple Flame Sect Ancestor!
Chen Ping had personally received the inheritance of the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign!
As for the Violet Flame Sect Old Ancestor, he had only relied on the items dropped by the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign to create the sect, and the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign didn’t even necessarily know about the existence of the Violet Flame Sect!
“Senior brother, the Fire Spirit Astral Monarch is an Immortal of the Heavenly Realm, besides, this is all a legend and not necessarily true, you don’t need to be too concerned about it.”
Zhu Ling saw that Chen Ping’s entire body froze after hearing about the Fire Spirit Star Sovereign and thought that Chen Ping was shocked!
“I understand!”Chen Ping nodded, “Right now, we have to go and stop that Huo Yuan Ting as soon as possible, we can’t let him enter the Divine Volcano ah.”
“Yes, we must go and stop that Huo Yuanting now!”Zhu Ling echoed!
Soon after, Elder Yu and the others were heading towards the depths of the Violet Flame Sect in great numbers!
At the same time, looking at the opened divine volcano, Huo Yuanting couldn’t be happier!
“Elder Gu, thank you so much, don’t worry, what you were promised will definitely not be missing a single point.”
Huo Yuan Ting grabbed Gu Tian Chao’s hand and said excitedly!
“Sect Master Huo is polite, help someone to the end, send the Buddha to the west, since the Divine Volcano has already opened, then I will accompany Sect Master Huo on his journey.”
Gu Tianzhao said with a faint smile!
“That’s really great, with Elder Gu’s help, this trip to the Divine Volcano will definitely be perfect.”
Huo Yuan Ting’s face was full of excitement, then he looked towards Elder Tian and said, “Elder Tian, you bring people to guard here, I’m sure that when the Divine Volcano opens, Elder Yu and the others will surely come to cause trouble, stop them.”
“Understood!”Elder Tian nodded!
Huo Yuan Ting, on the other hand, led Huo Dong, and a few other elders straight to the Divine Volcano!
When the Divine Volcano opens, the rolling heat waves are not something that ordinary people can withstand, especially the closer they get to the Divine Volcano, the more violent the heat waves become!
Huo Yuanting and the others could only run their auras to resist!
Just as Huo Yuan Ting and the others were heading to the divine volcano, Zhu Ling brought Elder Yu and they all hurriedly arrived as well!
“Elder Yu, what do you want to do by bringing so many people to trespass on the forbidden land of the Purple Flame Sect?”
“This is the place where the array discs are located, no one is allowed to approach except for the order of the Sect Master.”
Elder Tian brought people to stop Elder Yu and the others!
“Tian Jing, don’t you f*cking pretend, Huo Yuan Ting opened the Divine Volcano privately, he has long since broken the rules of the sect, and now we are here to stop him from entering the Divine Volcano.”
Elder Yu said sternly to that Elder Tian!