Several demonic souls instantly headed towards Chen Ping, so fast that they could not be seen at all!
Whoosh whoosh whoosh!
These devil souls were like arrows, instantly disappearing into the void before appearing in the distance!
Elder Tu, on the other hand, followed closely behind these demonic souls!
Chen Ping frowned, he could feel a dangerous sensation coming, then the Royal Fire Steps were activated and his body once again disappeared from the spot!
However, at the moment Chen Ping instantly disappeared, those few demonic souls had also appeared at the place where Chen Ping had just stood, and the few demonic souls instantly disappeared as well!
Chen Ping’s face was icy cold, he did not expect this Elder Tu of the Ghost Face Sect to have this kind of tactic, at this moment, Chen Ping did not know what exactly it was, it was surprising that his speed was not inferior to his own!
Just as Chen Ping took a step and his figure reappeared, several Demon Souls had unexpectedly appeared above Chen Ping’s head!
“Demon souls?”
Seeing what followed, Chen Ping was somewhat surprised!
He could not have imagined that this Elder Tu would be able to manipulate several demonic souls at the same time!
A few demonic souls hissed with a hideous expression!
Although these Demon Souls looked very intimidating, however, Chen Ping did not have the same sense of crisis that he had just felt!
It was important to know that the only thing that a Demonic Soul could cause damage to one was the Sea of Consciousness!
There was no way for the Demon Souls to cause any damage to Chen Ping’s physical body, nor could they attack Chen Ping’s physical body!
He could only attack Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, but Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was not that good!
In addition to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch in the sea of consciousness, but there was also a treasure book like the Da Luo Golden Code!
“Senior, these few demonic souls, are you able to deal with them?”
Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Lord!
“What are you talking about?Punch me in the face?To ask such words!”
“Not to mention these few demonic souls, even if it was the demonic soul of the Heavenly Realm’s Departing Flame Demon Monarch, I would give him the sh*ts!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with a face full of disdain!
“Senior is mighty!”At this time, Chen Ping could only obey the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, if he liked to brag, then let him brag twice!
The several demonic souls surrounded Chen Ping and instantly surged into him!
Soon, it rushed into Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness!
Seeing Chen Ping being possessed by the demonic soul, Elder Tu smiled smugly!
“Even if your sea of consciousness is powerful, with these few devil souls of mine together, I don’t believe that I can’t subdue you!”
Elder Tu slowly walked towards Chen Ping!
And as Chen Ping looked at the approaching Elder Tu, he suddenly had a plan in mind, and the entire person’s eyes instantly became lifeless, as if he was being controlled in his sea of consciousness!
But at this moment, after those few demonic souls entered Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, they regretted it one by one!
All of them screamed miserably, and were given a wave of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s hand, sending their souls flying!
This was simply not a tier of opponents, although the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was only a wisp of a residual soul at this moment, even so, it was not comparable to the souls of these demonic cultivators of the Celestial Realm!
Elder Tu walked in front of Chen Ping at this time, and seeing Chen Ping’s eyes were lifeless and his entire person was like a puppet, he could not help but coldly smile!
“It’s still Elder Tu’s Demonic Soul that’s powerful, even if this guy’s skills are strong, if his sea of consciousness isn’t strong, it won’t be of any use at all!”
The man from the Ghost Face Sect also caught up and then praised Elder Tu!
“This time it was truly a worthwhile trip, not only did we follow the Purple Flame Sect and negotiate a good deal, but we also thought that we had captured this Chen Ping.”
“Now we can look for that Demon Sealing Alliance to exchange for a hundred years of offerings, you bring this kid back to the sect now, I’ll go after those guys from the old sect master’s lineage of the Purple Flame Sect, we mustn’t let them mess up.”
Elder Tu said to the man!
After all, Chen Ping was now under the control of the Demonic Soul and was no different from a fool, so just any person could take Chen Ping away!
“Good!”
The man nodded, then walked over to Chen Ping and beckoned, “Come with me ……”
Chen Ping mechanically took a step and followed behind that man!