“Let me ask you, what’s with that girl?”
Chen Ping asked to Ge Cansheng.
He did not want something like refining puppet corpses to appear in his Heavenly Dragon Hall’s hall!
Upon hearing this, Ge Cansheng hurriedly explained, “Hall Master, this girl is my subordinate’s beloved daughter ……”
“Your daughter?” Chen Ping was filled with incredulity, “Then she …… Then how come she is not alive at all, is she a corpse?”
Hearing this, Ge Cansheng’s face was somewhat moved, and then said, “Back to the temple master, my daughter was a*sa*sinated and died many years ago, my subordinates tried their best to recover only one soul and one body for my daughter, so to be exact, my daughter is not considered a corpse!”
“However, in order to prevent my little daughter’s flesh from decaying, my subordinate can only burn incense within the Great Hall every day, which is used to control my little daughter’s flesh from decaying.”
At this point, Ge Cansheng actually had a few teardrops in his eyes!
Anyone who saw his daughter in such a state and spent all day together would not be able to bear it.
Chen Ping couldn’t help but look at the girl twice, looking at the girl’s appearance, she was only in her early twenties, and looking at this Ge Cang Sheng, he was already in his twilight years, he was already over a hundred years old, if Ge Cang Sheng didn’t say anything, Chen Ping wouldn’t even dare to think that this girl was Ge Cang Sheng’s daughter!
“How many years has it been since your daughter became like this?”
Chen Ping asked curiously.
“Twenty years. ……”
Ge Cansheng’s words made Chen Ping just stare.
“She …… looks like she’s only in her early twenties, how is that possible?”
Chen Ping looked at Ge Cansheng’s daughter with an incredulous face, how he looked, the girl did not look like an old woman of forty or fifty years old.
“Hall Master, my daughter was a*sa*sinated at the age of twenty-four, so her physical body has remained at that age now.”
“Moreover, we immortal cultivators increase our lifespan as our strength increases, often by hundreds of years, or even thousands of years, so a few dozen years old is not considered anything ……”
Ge Cansheng followed Chen Ping and explained.
Chen Ping nodded slightly and continued to ask, “Then after all these years, haven’t you thought of a way to bring your daughter back to life completely?”
“Ai!” Ge Cansheng sighed, “Over the years, I have tried every possible way, but it is useless at all, but when my little daughter became like this, my subordinate had a dream in which a golden dragon told my subordinate that the next Heavenly Dragon Hall Master would be able to completely revive my little daughter!”
“So my subordinate has been waiting for the appearance of the Hall Master, this wait is twenty years, today I have really waited for the Hall Master ……”
Ge Cang Sheng said, and suddenly knelt down again to Chen Ping: “I beg the Hall Master to resurrect my daughter, I will follow the Hall Master to my death, I will not hesitate to die ……”
This caused Chen Ping to panic, how could he have the ability to resurrect Ge Cansheng’s daughter, with his current strength, he was not even as good as an elder of the Ge family.
“Ge clan elder, I am afraid that with my current strength, I am not capable of resurrecting your daughter, or else you are thinking of other ways?”
Chen Ping said with an embarra*sed expression.
“Hall Master, since the Golden Dragon has commissioned a dream, then it is definitely possible, even if Hall Master cannot today, he will definitely be able to resurrect his little daughter in the future.”
“I wish to allow my little daughter to follow the Hall Master around and seek a chance of resurrection!”
“My little daughter is at the Out-of-Body realm, which is the Martial Saint’s qualification in the Martial Dao world, and although my little daughter only has one soul and one spirit left now, this physical body is also indestructible.”
“He will also be able to help the Hall Master share his worries by following him around ……”
Ge Cansheng wanted Chen Ping to take his daughter with him.
This put Chen Ping in a difficult enough position, if Ge Cansheng’s daughter was normal, then it would be fine, and with a Martial Saint following him, Chen Ping could go to the Martial Dao Alliance and rescue Su Yuqi directly.
But now Ge Cansheng’s daughter was like a puppet corpse, and Chen Ping had no explanation for taking her with him!