When Qin Gang heard this, his face turned red with anger, but he didn’t say anything, he could only glare at Chen Ping viciously, because the butler had already instructed him not to provoke Chen Ping, lest his life would be in danger.
This time out, Qin Gang had brought few men with him, only two of them, and at this moment, Chen Ping and Bai Zhan Tang together were obviously stronger than them, so Qin Gang could only endure it.
“Kid, don’t be complacent, sooner or later I will avenge my brother, you have offended our Qin family, you won’t be able to live in peace in this life ……”
Qin Gang finished speaking and took his men to sit at a side table.
Chen Ping followed Bai Zhan Tang and continued to eat, while that Qin Gang was furious and looked at Chen Ping and the others from time to time.
“Mr. Chen, you’d better pay attention, although this Qin Gang is not capable, but this kid is all devious and ruthless, and can do anything unethical.”
Bai Zhan Tang barked at Chen Ping.
“No harm ……….”
Chen Ping smiled lightly and did not put that Qin Gang in his eyes.
But just as Chen Ping followed Bai Zhantang and continued to eat, suddenly Chen Ping put down his chopsticks and his entire body became nervous.
“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong?” Bai Zhantang was stunned, only feeling that Chen Ping was startled today.
“Don’t talk!” Chen Ping frowned and waved his hand towards Bai Zhantang.
At this moment, Chen Ping felt that a divine sense was unrestrainedly probing towards him, probably the other party did not know that Chen Ping also already had a divine sense, so he did not hide it at all.
Chen Ping squinted his eyes slightly and suddenly turned his head to look at the girl who was also looking at Chen Ping at the moment.
Chen Ping’s heart was filled with horror, he did not expect that this girl was also an immortal cultivator, it seemed that there were far more hidden experts in Kyoto than he had imagined.
“Chen ….. Mr. Chen, is everything alright?”
Bai Zhantang was dumbfounded, he didn’t understand why Chen Ping was always looking at the girl on the side.
“It’s fine, keep eating!”
Chen Ping smiled faintly as the two continued to eat.
And at this moment, that Qin Gang also noticed the girl, and with a lustful glint in his eyes, he directly got up and sat down opposite the girl.
“Miss, why are you eating alone, don’t you have a boyfriend with you?”
Qin Gang looked at the girl with a bad smile on his face, “Do you mind if I eat with you, my name is Qin Gang, the second son of the Qin family.”
Qin Gang stretched out his hand towards the girl, thinking of taking her hand.
The girl raised her head and just swept a glance at Qin Gang, before getting up and walking out.
He had never been approached by a woman like this before, knowing that all those girls would cry out and burrow into his arms when they found out he was the young master of the Qin family.
Seeing that the girls ignored him and left, Qin Gang became furious and got up to chase after him.
Seeing this, Chen Ping also hurriedly got up and said to Bai Zhantang, “Eat by yourself, I still have something to do.”
“Mr. Chen, what are you doing, do you want me to accompany you?”
Bai Zhantang thought that Chen Ping was going after that Qin Gang.
“No, you mustn’t follow me …..”
Chen Ping did not let Bai Zhantang follow, that girl was a cultivator, Chen Ping did not know if she was an enemy or a friend, if the other party was like that barbarian bull and was capturing himself to go to some dragon family, Bai Zhantang would only be unlucky if he followed him, Chen Ping himself might still have a chance to escape.
Now Chen Ping was not sure what the girl was, but Chen Ping intended to chase after her, and might be able to learn some secrets of the Kyoto immortal cultivation world from the girl’s mouth.
After Chen Ping chased her out, he saw that Qin Gang was turning into a street with two of his men, and Chen Ping followed him directly.
When Chen Ping had just turned the corner, he saw that Qin Gang with his two men had stopped the girl, whose delicate body looked helpless in front of Qin Gang and his men.