“Senior, truth be told, within this Polar Land, there is no place where immortals have fallen, this is all just a lie.”
“Within the Polar Land, there are many Polar Stones, but this kind of thing is only helpful to sects and families that cultivate ice-based techniques.”
“Our Broad Cold Palace is precisely the one that cultivates the Ice Technique, so we came to look for the Polar Stone.”
“There’s also that Mu Family crowd just now, the female cultivators of their clan are all cultivating ice techniques as well, so the Polar Stones are also of use to them!”
“If senior there are no people among you who cultivate ice techniques, it’s better to leave here quickly, it’s too dangerous here.”
“Before long, there will be thousands of demonic beasts pouring in here, and by then, if you want to leave, I’m afraid you won’t even be able to!”
Chen Ping truthfully told the truth, just to make these cultivators leave!
After all, these cultivators were an uncertainty for Chen Ping!
That Ouyang Zhenhua frowned slightly, looking a little shocked!
“How is that possible, are you trying to trick us into taking the treasures of the Immortal’s Fallen Land all to yourself?”
“There are quite a few clans and families that have come to the Polar Regions, as many as hundreds of people, could it be that they were all tricked into coming?”
A junior from the Ouyang Clan, who clearly did not believe Chen Ping’s words, loudly retorted!
“Believe it or not, I’m just telling the truth!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and left!
“This guy, thinking that he can scare us like this!”
“Let’s go, this high mountain that suddenly appeared, there must be treasures, maybe this is where the Immortals fell!”
“Ghosts believe what he said, this high mountain is also surrounded by formation protection, I don’t believe there are no treasures here!”
“Walk up the mountain …………”
The many cultivators, none of whom believed Chen Ping’s words, began to ascend the mountain!
Ouyang Zhenhua hesitated, but still chose to continue up the mountain!
They had all been here for several days, and they had gained nothing, apart from hunting a few demonic beasts and obtaining a few beast dans, there were no other treasures whatsoever!
If this were to go back, wouldn’t it be laughed at by the people of the clan!
First of all, regardless of whether what Chen Ping said was true or not, let’s go up the mountain and take a look!
But just as they had taken a few steps, the ground suddenly shook!
The entire mountain seemed to be trembling!
“An earthquake?”
Someone said with a face full of shock!
Subsequently, in that chaotic land, countless demonic beasts of all kinds swarmed out and came straight towards the mountain!
All of these demonic beasts were very large and numerous!
The space-time of the Chaotic Land was all stirred up by these demonic beasts to the point where space-time cracks were constantly emerging!
Every now and then, there would be spacetime cracks that would suck the demonic beasts away!
But this simply couldn’t stop these demonic beasts!
Looking at those thousands of demonic beasts, everyone was dumbfounded!
It seemed that what Chen Ping had said was true, there really were a large number of demonic beasts!
Now that they were in this formation, they were ordinary people with no spiritual power!
If they were caught up by these demonic beasts, they would directly trample them into mush!
“Quickly run ah ……”
Some people shouted and desperately ran towards the mountain, hoping to get out of the range of this formation as soon as possible!
Everyone was running as hard as they could, but every step was hard!
Stepping on top of that snow, they couldn’t take a step at all!
This time, they all started to believe Chen Ping’s words!
Chen Ping just glanced back at the demonic beasts that had rushed out of the chaotic land and did not say anything, burying his head and walking forwards!
Bing Lu and the girls showed a look of panic and followed closely!
Without their spiritual energy, they were walking very hard, and everyone was panting!
Soon, Chen Ping suddenly felt a flow of aura in his body, like a dry riverbed that finally had water flowing through it, the entire person was instantly soothed, and his steps became incredibly light!
Bing Lu and the girls were also all physically relieved as if they were burdened!