“Alright, the formation around this general’s mansion is broken, this kind of formation can’t play any protective role at all, if someone attacks the general’s mansion, this formation will be instantly crushed.”
Chen Ping said very casually!
“It’s broken?”General Xing had disbelief!
Then he recited something under his breath, then struck a ray of light from his palm, trying to activate the formation!
But after trying several times in a row, there was simply no response at all!
It didn’t need to be said to know that the formation had really been broken by Chen Ping!
“This …………”
General Xing’s eyes were wide with disbelief, he could not understand how the formation he had hired with heavy money and laid down was broken by Chen Ping with a wave of his hand!
This time, it was no wonder that they did not believe it!
“I really didn’t expect that Fellow Daoist Chen is also a formation master, out of respect out of respect ……”
“Although Fellow Daoist Chen’s realm isn’t high, he’s the most powerful formation master I’ve ever seen.”
“Fellow Daoist Chen is truly young and promising, his future is unlimited ah ……”
All of the guest ministers had been kissing Chen Ping’s arse!
They all knew that pleasing an array master would have great benefits for them!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, formidable, truly formidable, just ……”
General Xing had a difficult look on his face at the moment!
He had just made a casual remark, but he did not expect Chen Ping to actually break the formation of the general’s residence!
“General Xing, since I am able to break formations, of course I will also be able to lay down formations, I will lay down a great formation for the general to protect the mansion, it is guaranteed that even a cultivator of the ninth rank of the Mahayana realm, will not be able to break it.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he pinched his fingers, then drew a formation pattern in the void!
Accompanied by the flickering light of a formation pattern, the general’s mansion was surrounded by a golden light, and soon the grand formation was formed!
Chen Ping’s small display of skill once again shook everyone to their core!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, I would like to ask you to be a guest secretary under my account, with monetary resources all according to the highest treatment.”
“As for your imprisonment, I can have Bai Cheng take the amnesty order tomorrow. ”
“Although that dungeon is not under my jurisdiction, I can still have a say in releasing someone!”
General Xing said as he looked at Chen Ping with anticipation!
He was eager to have Chen Ping as his guest minister, talents like Chen Ping were truly rare to find!
Especially since Chen Ping was also a formation master, this was simply a blessing sent from heaven, General Xing did not want to give it up!
“Since General Xing is so valued, then I respectfully submit to your order ……”
Chen Ping said with an arch!
Chen Ping knew that if he wanted to obtain the Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, he had to attach himself to a force in Beast City to do so!
After all, Chen Ping was not familiar with Beast City, and even more so, he did not know what the overall strength of the cultivators in the entire Beast City was!
If that Immortal Spirit Stone Vein was real, there was no way to defend it with one’s own strength!
Right now, all Chen Ping had to do was to co-operate, and by agreeing to General Xing right now, he was just following General Xing!
“Hahahahaha, that’s really great, it’s a great honour for me that Fellow Daoist Chen is willing to join my wield!”
General Xing laughed loudly, “Tonight, Fellow Daoist Chen doesn’t need to return to the prison, I’ll arrange the best guest room for Fellow Daoist Chen.”
“General Xing, don’t bother, I won’t go back to the dungeon, but I still have friends at the inn, so I need to meet them!”
Chen Ping said after General Xing!
“Good, Fellow Daoist Chen can come to my place anytime, it’s late in the day now, Beast City is under curfew, no cultivators are allowed to walk on the streets.”
“However, Fellow Daoist Chen is now a guest minister of my General’s Mansion, so he is no longer restricted by this rule.”
“This is the token of my General’s Mansion, and Fellow Daoist Chen can travel unimpeded with it!”
General Xing pulled out a token and handed it to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping took the token and saw that the word Xing was engraved on it, which should be what distinguished which general the token actually belonged to!
“Many thanks, General Xing!”Chen Ping arched his hand and thanked him!
After leaving the general’s residence, Chen Ping went straight to the inn!