Seeing that the two were about to fight, Ginger Wuya hurriedly got up and said, “Alright, alright, let’s stop arguing, since we don’t agree, let’s continue the conversation!”
“Mr. Chen is now at the Third Realm of the Divine, so he can enter the ring, but we can’t be too harsh on him, we only need him to win three matches.”
“At the end of the day, the final winner will be determined by the last number of victories in each of the major Secret Realms, so if Mr. Chen can only win three matches, we have a good chance of making it to the top three of the Secret Realm Tournament!”
After all, there were only a limited number of places available for the tournament, so if Chen Ping went and didn’t get into the ring, it would be a loss for the Fire Gate Secret Realm!
“Fine, then we will do as Master Ginger said, but if that Chen Ping does not win three matches, the Ge family will have to compensate us for the loss of resources!”
Jin Li Fu nodded his head and agreed to what Ginger Wu Ya had said!
Ge Cang Sheng did not dare to make the decision easily, so he turned his head to look at Chen Ping, who nodded slightly!
Seeing this, Ge Cang Sheng said, “OK, it’s decided ……”
After the decision was made, Jin Lifu took his son and left!
Cao Fu also left, leaving Ge Cang Sheng and Ginger Wu Ya to accompany Chen Ping!
“Master Ginger, I wonder what the rules of this secret tournament are? And what are the strengths of the participants in the tournament?”
Chen Ping asked Ginger Wu Ya.
Although Chen Ping’s strength was growing rapidly, he still didn’t know anything about the Secret Realm, nor did he know what the strength of the people in the Secret Realm was!
Although he had just promised, it would be humiliating if he lost in a fight, so Chen Ping had to know himself and his enemy!
“Mr. Chen, I’ll call my disciple here, so he can have a good chat with you. Although he’s not active in cultivation, he still knows a lot about the secret realms!”
After Ginger Wu Ya said that, he lightly touched his finger in front of his face and a golden light flickered away!
Chen Ping looked at Ginger Wu Ya’s method of communication and felt very curious, but he knew that it was also something like a magic spell!
Not long afterwards, a man of only five metres in height and dressed in a thin body came in and walked straight up to Ginger Wu Ya’s face and said, “Master, what do you want from me?”
“Monkey, this is Mr. Chen, he is from the secular world and doesn’t know much about the secret world, so you should talk to Mr. Chen properly.”
“Remember, answer whatever Mr. Chen asks, don’t be disrespectful to him, and take Mr. Chen for a walk around the secret realm!”
Ginger Wu Ya said to the thin man.
When Chen Ping heard Ginger Wu Ya call out to his disciple Monkey, he couldn’t help but laugh out loud!
He couldn’t understand how Chen Ping, a young man from the secular world, could command such respect from his own master!
“Hello, my name is Hou Zhen, weird people like to call me Monkey!”
Hou Zhen held back his curiosity and greeted Chen Ping!
“Hello, my name is Chen Ping!” Chen Ping said with a slight smile!
The generosity of this Hou Zhen instantly made Chen Ping feel good!
“Mr. Chen, let me show you around, and by the way, let me introduce you to this Fire Gate Secret Realm of ours!”
Hou Zhen said respectfully.
Chen Ping nodded, said goodbye to Ge Cang Sheng and Ginger Wu Ya, and then followed Hou Zhen out!
The two of them had just reached the door when Ge Yuhan stopped them.
“Monkey, I’ll go with you too ……”
The two of them had just gone to the door.
“The first thing you need to do is to go to the desert, you’ve never seen it before, there’s nothing to do.
Hou Zhen said.
“Cut the crap, I want to see how much you know about the secret realm, you know everything!”
Ge Yuhan said with a smile.
Seeing this, Hou Zhen could only lead Ge Yuhan out of the Ge family’s land!