The Golden Dragon met those countless fronts and charged forward with a devastating force!
One by one, the fronts were shattered, and even as some of them struck Chen Ping, Chen Ping gritted his teeth and held on!
In the next second, Chen Ping’s body instantly appeared in front of the beast dan, reaching out and picking it up!
And the golden dragon that had charged forward also turned into nothingness at the last moment.
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s face changed, “You actually know the Watanabe Clan’s Nine Shadow Divine Sword?”
“I pooh, that Watanabe Clan’s Nine Shadows Divine Sword is just a defective product, and Laozi’s is the genuine product!”
Chen Ping had no more scruples when he got the beast pellet.
Between the swaying of his figure, only more and more figures of Chen Ping were seen.
Each figure was holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, and all of them were emitting an aura that could not be distinguished from the real thing!
“Nine Shadows Divine Sword, Ten Thousand Arrows Pierce the Heart ……”
Chen Ping let out a furious cry, followed by several figures wielding their swords at the same time! One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
I saw countless sword maces heading towards Kawaguchi Kazuo, and in the end these sword maces converged in one place, bursting with golden light, chopping down in the air, leaving a wound directly in front of Kawaguchi Kazuo’s chest!
Kawaguchi Kazuo looked at his wound, his eyes full of anger: “Kid, you’re the first person who dares to hurt me ……”
After saying that, Kawaguchi Kazuo’s body leapt up, followed by a chant in his mouth, and the katana in his hand was thrown towards the air!
Only to see the katanas turn into thousands of them, directly surrounding Chen Ping and all those figures of his!
Immediately afterwards, the katanas rained down on Chen Ping like crazy.
Thousands of katanas were transformed into thousands, directly surrounding Chen Ping!
Each one of them emitted a terrifying sharpness, and the human figures created by the Nine Shadows Divine Sword instantly dissipated under these thousands of sharpnesses!
The corners of Kawaguchi Kazuo’s mouth lifted as he watched the figures dissipate before him, knowing that no one could survive such an attack.
The countless fronts fused together and exploded into a brilliant light.
Boom …………
Like an explosion of heavenly thunder, a dazzling light rose into the air!
The scene was nothing but a wreck, but not a single figure could be seen anymore!
“Humph, ignorant fellow ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo snorted coldly, his face expressionless.
Killing Chen Ping was nothing for him to be happy about, because in his opinion, it only took one move to kill Chen Ping, but now he had already made several moves in a row, exceeding his expectations!
Just when Kazuo Kawaguchi thought that Chen Ping was dead, turned into scum, and was about to turn around and leave, he suddenly noticed a figure running forward quickly!
The figure was in rags and extremely fast, who else could it be if not Chen Ping ……
“How is that possible?”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s face changed drastically and he hurriedly pushed his true qi and quickly chased after Chen Ping!
How could he have ever imagined that Chen Ping had escaped!
Under that terrifying attack, how could Chen Ping have escaped?
Kawaguchi Kazuo simply could not understand!
Soon, Kawaguchi Ichio reached behind Chen Ping, and with his katana in hand, he slashed towards Chen Ping fiercely!
With this slash, he wanted to see Chen Ping being split in half with his own eyes!
Chen Ping felt the wind behind him and didn’t turn back, but swung the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand backwards!
Under Chen Ping’s mental control, the Dragon Cutting Sword directly blocked Kawaguchi Kazuo’s slash!
Clang!
Fire splashed everywhere, the Dragon Cutting Sword was directly knocked out, while Chen Ping leapt to catch it.
Under the violent impact, Kazuo Kawaguchi felt a slight numbness in his tiger mouth and his katana almost fell out of his hand!
Chen Ping didn’t even look, and after catching the Dragon Cutting Sword, he was still flying wildly!
With a shocked face, Kawaguchi Kazuo looked at the Chopping Dragon Sword in Chen Ping’s hand and his face turned a little ugly: “A spirit sword, it’s actually a sword that has generated a sword spirit ……”