“To be exact, he is just an immortal cultivator, not yet an immortal. I don’t know if there are immortals in this world, but I know that a group of immortal cultivators exist, only that these people hide in the downtown area and never expose themselves, so few people know about them!”
Bai Xiushan explained.
“Dad, how do you know there are immortal cultivators?”
Bai Zhan asked.
Bai Xiushan’s eyes suddenly looked out of the window, and then apparently in the midst of memories, he began to say slowly, “That jade pendant of the Yin family is actually the spiritual weapon of an immortal cultivator, I remember that I was only in my early twenties, young and impetuous, always wanting to worship a high master, so I followed the Yin family’s boy out to sea, thinking at the time that on top of the island, there would be real experts! ”
“But after a day and a night at sea, we were suddenly caught in a storm, and the two of us were washed up on a deserted island, and our boat ran aground. The two of us could only make camp on the island temporarily, hoping that someone would pa*s by, or that after the tide came in, we could go back!”
“We stayed on the island for seven days, the food was fine but there was no fresh water, we were dying of thirst, we were about to die of thirst, but the gods were kind and it suddenly started to rain, we were happy to collect the rain!”
“But soon we realised that something was wrong, for it was raining only on this island, but nowhere else, and from time to time there was a bolt of lightning and a strange sound!”
“The two of us searched for the sound, and finally behind a rocky mountain, we saw two people fighting, the scene was simply shocking, only to see a man holding a weapon similar to a big axe, every time he swung it, a lightning bolt would strike down and rocks would fly, it was like a god from heaven!”
“And the man on the other side was indeed holding a flute, and every time it hit above that lightning, it made a rumbling explosion, I’ve never seen a fight like that, it wasn’t even a mortal fight, it was simply too scary!”
“We both lay close behind the rocks, no one dared to move, until after there was no more movement, then we dared to look up and found that the two men were long gone, the scene was a mess, and in the rubble, the Yin family boy picked up the jade pendant, that must have been dropped by one of the two men!”
“Both of us knew that the jade pendant must be a treasure. Later, when the tide rose, we sailed back again, and at that time, I also wanted to get the jade pendant, so I sneaked up on that Yin family kid, but I didn’t want the jade pendant to flash a red light, and it directly knocked me out! When the Yin family boy saw this, he took the jade pendant as a family heirloom!”
As the crowd listened to Bai Xiushan’s memories, they all fell into deep thought, they had never heard Bai Xiushan talk about this incident!
“Grandpa, then how can you be sure that those two people are immortal cultivators?” Bai Zhan Tang asked, still puzzled.
“It was only after I came back and looked through the ancient books that I found out that there were still immortal cultivators in this world, and what was the fight between those two people at that time if not immortal cultivators?”
Bai Xiushan explained.
Bai Zhan Tang stopped talking, then pondered for a moment and said, “Whether that Chen Ping was an immortal cultivator or not, I don’t know, but that jade pendant was definitely a treasure, at that time, Qin Feng and I struck out together at the girl wearing the jade pendant, the result was also a flash of red light, and we both flew out.”
Bai Xiushan’s eyes lit up, “That Chen Ping seems to be an immortal cultivator without a doubt, that jade pendant had not been activated in the Yin family for decades, but when it came into the hands of that Chen Ping, it was immediately activated once, that Chen Ping must know the secret of the jade pendant!”
“It hadn’t been unleashed for decades?” Bai Zhantang said with a shock.