“Xiaolan, go and bring this man to your righteous father, but don’t kill him, I want him alive ……”
King Miao showed the girl the image of Ye Chen on top of his phone.
The girl just glanced at it and nodded, “Xiaolan knows ……”
After saying that, the girl got up and headed out.
“You five don’t stay idle either, immediately go and prepare to practice the corpse king’s poison, soon our Miao Village will be able to break through to the southwest!”
The Miao King said with a shining light in his eyes.
“Miao King, that Chen Ping is invulnerable to all kinds of poisons, won’t it be dangerous for you to let Xiaolan go to capture Chen Ping?”
The Dali head asked with some confusion.
“You have forgotten that Xiaolan was born with charming bones, her charm technique is not poison, as long as it is a man, there is no one who can resist ……”
King Miao said with a chuckle.
…………
On the road leading from Hongcheng to Kyoto, Xu Changsheng sat in the back seat of a car with his eyes slightly closed, while that Yu Dong was driving the car, glancing at Xu Changsheng in the back seat through the rearview mirror from time to time.
“Yu Dong, if you have anything to say, just say it directly ……”
Although Xu Changsheng did not open his eyes, he had already noticed that Yu Dong was peeking at himself.
“Grand Elder, even though that Chen Ping was able to kill Qin Xiaolin, you don’t have to be so polite to him, right? In front of so many people from the martial arts world, isn’t this embarra*sing our Pill God Valley?”
Yu Dong asked in disbelief.
Hearing Yu Dong’s words, Xu Changsheng opened his eyes and said with a few smiles on his face, “Yu Dong, do you know what a great skill the Vicious Valley has?”
“The Star Absorbing Technique ……,” Yu Dong said without the slightest hesitation.
“Not bad, it is the Star Absorbing Technique, I suspect that this Chen Ping also knows the Star Absorbing Technique, otherwise how could he have such a strong qi when he is a Grand Master, moreover that Chen Ping fell under the ring, when everyone thought he would surely die, he appeared unharmed, and the qi on his body is even getting stronger, it is obvious that he deliberately fell under the ring so that he could use the Star Absorbing Technique to take Qin Xiaolin’s qi into his body!”
“There was also Qin Xiaolin who was ready to explode himself, but ended up bone-thin and dead, don’t you think that’s strange?”
Xu Changsheng explained.
When Yu Dong heard this, his entire body just froze, “Grand Elder, could it be that this Chen Ping is someone from the Evil Valley?”
“I can’t figure it out either, but it should follow the Vicious Valley for sure, that’s why I have to get on good terms with him ……”
Xu Changsheng said indifferently.
“No wonder, a grand master, at a small age he dares to call out the Qin family, and still doesn’t put our Pill God Valley in his eyes, it turns out that this guy has connections following the Vicious Valley, if you know the few old monsters inside the Vicious Valley, they are afraid to be over a hundred years old ……”
Yu Dong’s eyes were filled with a look of envy.
Although we all know that the several old guys in the Valley of the Wicked are temperamental and used to kill people like a sack, but yet everyone has a skill, many people want to enter the Valley of the Wicked to worship, but no one succeeded.
Yu Dong also had the idea of worshipping in the Valley of the Wicked, only that the Valley of the Wicked was rumoured to be an evil and crooked path, how could Yu Dong, as a person from a famous sect, have such an idea, so he could only bury the idea deep inside, but the desire for strength was strong in everyone.
“If this Chen Ping really follows the Vicious Valley has a relationship, I hope I can learn a little bit of alchemy from him, although everyone says that the Vicious Valley is evil and crooked, but I have to admit that the alchemy and casting in the Vicious Valley are first-cla*s ……”
Xu Changsheng loved alchemy all his life, it was just a pity that his alchemy stopped many years ago, to refine an earth rank pill, Xu Changsheng had to spend seventy-seven to forty-nine days, while he heard that one of the people in the Valley of Evil People was once also an alchemist, refining earth rank pills, just by lifting his hand, this was the gap.
This was why Xu Changsheng was so respectful to Chen Ping, and even went out of his way to lower himself, he hoped to get some of the alchemy techniques in the Valley of the Wicked from Chen Ping.