“Mr. Chen, are you all right!” Bai Zhantang asked.
“Go and see how the person in the car is doing!”
Chen Ping said as he shook his head!
“Oh!” Bai Zhantang hurriedly walked over to check!
He found that there was only a girl inside the Mercedes, the airbag had already popped out and the girl was lying on the steering wheel, as if she was unconscious!
With a sudden push, Bai Zhan Tang opened the car door and carried the girl out!
The girl looked small, only in her twenties, wearing a light blue dress, but at that moment there was a lot of blood on the dress, and the girl’s face was pale!
Chen Ping walked over and gently put one hand on the girl’s hand, a spiritual qi went in to the girl’s body, the girl moved and slowly opened her eyes!
After seeing Bai Zhantang and Chen Ping, the girl acted a bit scared and hurriedly got up, pulling away from the two of them!
“Miss, you don’t need to be afraid, you just had a car accident, we saved you from it!”
Bai Zhan Tang hurriedly explained to the girl!
The girl looked at her car, and then frowned and recalled for a while, before she relaxed her guard and said, “Thank you guys then, I might have been a bit sleepy and ended up in a car accident!”
“I’ve just checked, your body is fine, it’s just that some parts of your body are scratched, call for help yourself!”
Chen Ping finished and looked at Bai Zhan Tang, “Let’s go!”
“Wait a minute!” The girl suddenly shouted, hurriedly stopping Chen Ping and Bai Zhan Tang, “My mobile phone is broken, there is no way to call for help, where are you going?”
“To Baihai City!” Bai Zhantang said.
“Great, I’m from Baihai City, can you guys give me a ride on the way? I can give you guys money ……”
The girl said happily.
“We still have things to take care of, it’s not convenient, you can wait for the rescue yourself!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and directly opened the car door and got in!
Seeing this, Bai Zhantang could only smile helplessly towards the girl and also got into the car!
“Why don’t you have any sympathy at all? Can you bear to see me stay here as a girl? What if I meet bad people?”
The girl directly blocked in front of the car and yelled at Chen Ping in discontent!
Chen Ping rolled down the window, “Aren’t you afraid that the two of us are bad people?”
“No, you two can’t be bad people, I can read your faces, I can tell from your faces that you two are good people!”
The girl said loudly!
Chen Ping smiled faintly, he knew that this girl was just using such words to please the two of them, it was a bit unlikely that a girl in her early twenties could read faces!
“Mr. Chen …………”
Bai Zhantang looked at Chen Ping with a few questions in his eyes, it looked like he wished to bring the girl along!
“Come on up!” Chen Ping said indifferently!
The girl happily opened the car door and sat in the back: “Thank you ……”
Bai Zhan Tang continued to drive while the girl chattered away in the back row introducing herself!
“My name is Shen Mengchen, I’m a graduate of Qingbei College in Kyoto, I just graduated this year, what are you two called? What are you doing in White Sea City?”
Shen Mengchen asked as she turned to Chen Ping and Bai Zhan Tang.
“You’re a student of Qingbei Academy?” Bai Zhan Tang, who was driving the car, asked with some surprise.
“Of course, I still have my student card here, you can see it if you don’t believe me!”
Shen Mengchen took out her student card and let Bai Zhantang take a look at it!
“It’s true, I also graduated from Qingbei College, but I’m a Cla*s of 84 graduate, a full five years higher than you!”
Bai Zhantang said as he drove.
“Really? So you’re a senior? What a coincidence, I didn’t expect to meet a senior here, you know it’s simply too difficult to get into Qingbei College in the southwest, you can’t even meet a few students ……”
Shen Mengchen saw that Bai Zhan Tang and herself were alumni, and she talked more!