“What do you take the Blood Demon for? And you want to refine his corpse into a puppet corpse? That’s a joke.”
Ge Yuhan said as she gave Chen Ping and Hu Ma Zi a blank look.
This Blood Demon was a generation of venerable lords thousands of years ago, even if he only had a mouthful of true qi now, that flesh could not just be refined into a puppet corpse by others.
When Chen Ping heard this, he sighed, “Ai, then it’s a pity that this strong flesh body can’t be destroyed, and it can’t be used ……”
But then Ge Yuhan’s words turned, “Although it cannot be refined into a puppet corpse, it can be possessed by a soul spirit to control the flesh of this blood demon, only that soul spirit must be strong, and it is impossible to manipulate this flesh for too long, otherwise the soul spirit will be devoured by the flesh.”
“Soul spirit possession?” Chen Ping was stunned, but then shook his head, “If I attach my soul spirit to my body, wouldn’t my own flesh become a walking corpse?”
“You are silly, why do you have to send a soul? You can find a soul and then bind it with your divine sense, so that he can attach himself to this blood demon body, then you can control this blood demon body!”
Ge Yuhan smiled at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping had an epiphany and slapped his head, “Right, why didn’t I think of this method ……”
“Good method, where are you going to find that soul? And the strength must not be too bad, otherwise there is no way to control this blood demon flesh ……”
Hu Ma Zi asked to Chen Ping. One second to remember https://m. lqzw. org
Chen Ping was stunned, but soon he thought of it, he still had that Fan Jiang’s soul in his storage ring!
This guy is at the peak of Martial Marquis strength, to control this blood devil flesh body, there must be no problem!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping hurriedly opened his ring and released Fan Jiang’s soul!
As soon as Fan Jiang’s soul appeared, it was directly controlled by Chen Ping with his divine sense!
At this moment, Fan Jiang’s soul was very weak, facing Chen Ping, and could only bend his head.
“Fan Jiang, I left your soul behind and spared your life, now I have found you a physical body, you can see the light of day again.”
Chen Ping said to Fan Jiang’s soul.
Fan Jiang was stunned, he didn’t expect Chen Ping would really find him a physical body?
Wasn’t he afraid that he would retaliate after finding a physical body?
Looking at Fan Jiang’s look, Chen Ping knew what he was thinking, so he continued, “I will leave a divine sense in your body, if you dare to betray me, then I can immediately make you go up in smoke ……”
Upon hearing this, Fan Jiang hurriedly fell to his knees, “Never dare to betray Mr. Chen ……”
Chen Ping nodded, then a golden light flew out from his brow and instantly entered Fan Jiang’s body!
“This is the flesh body found for you, you can attach yourself to it now!”
Chen Ping said to Fan Jiang as he pointed at the flesh of the Blood Demon.
Fan Jiang took a look at the Blood Demon’s flesh and was still very satisfied, so he directly pounced towards the Blood Demon’s flesh!
But just as Fan Jiang pounced on him, he saw that the Blood Demon’s flesh emitted a light that instantly knocked Fan Jiang’s soul away!
At this moment, all of them froze, and Fan Jiang even drew a cold breath: “Such a strong flesh body, I …… can’t even attach myself to it ……”
Chen Ping also looked at Ge Yuhan with an astonished expression!
“This soul’s strength is too weak, so it can’t break through the barrier of this Blood Demon’s flesh ……”
Ge Yuhan explained.
“The peak strength of a Martial Marquis is still weak?”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, this Fan Jiang was a peak Martial Marquis strength and still couldn’t possess the Blood Demon’s flesh, what kind of strength would that require?
A Grand Martial Marquis?
Where would Chen Ping find the soul of a Grand Martial Marquis?
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a deflated ball.
Since Fan Jiang’s soul could not be possessed, Chen Ping could only put Fan Jiang’s soul back into his storage ring!
Just as Chen Ping was about to do it, Fan Jiang suddenly spoke, “Mr. Chen, do you want to revive this physical body?”