“The Spirit Rhinoceros Beast is returned to you, we don’t want it, release me in droves!”
The man in black looked towards Bai Shao and said!
Bai Shao, however, did not move at all, and had been suppressing the black-clothed woman, the black-clothed man could only look at Chen Ping when he saw this, he saw out that it was only when Chen Ping said so that it counted here!
“Tell me, what does your Soulless Hall want the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast for?”
Chen Ping asked to the man in black!
The man in black frowned slightly, somewhat hesitant, and did not look like he wanted to speak!
“Hmph, ask what you want and give an honest account, otherwise ……”
Bai Shao slightly increased her breath by a tiny bit, and the black-clothed woman immediately screamed miserably!
“I say, I say!”
Seeing this, the man in black hurriedly said “There is a traitor in our Soulless Hall, we need the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast to check the traitor’s scent and find out where the traitor is.”
“Traitor?” Chen Ping frowned and instantly thought of Elder Fei!
“The traitor you speak of, is it your Soulless Hall’s Elder Fei?”
Chen Ping asked!
The man in black froze and looked at Chen Ping with a face full of incredulity “How did you …… you know that?”
“You don’t need to care about how I know, you tell me first, how did you guys know about that Elder Fei’s betrayal?”
Chen Ping’s eyes narrowed slightly and said!
“I cannot say!” The man in black shook his head!
When Chen Ping saw this, then the Dragon Slashing Sword instantly appeared in his hand before he pressed it against the black-clothed woman’s shoulder!
“If you don’t say it, then let her die ……”
Chen Ping threatened!
“Big brother, you can’t say it, otherwise all of our Soulless Hall will be finished, Elder Fei’s defection has already put our Soulless Hall in deep water, you can’t say it anymore.”
The woman in black shouted at the man!
The man in black was filled with anxiety and was in a dilemma!
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand exerted a slight force, and a thin wound instantly appeared on the woman’s neck as blood continued to fall low!
Seeing that Chen Ping was actually really making a move, the man in black hurriedly said “Don’t make a move, I’ll say it, I’ll say it ……”
After a moment’s pause, the man in black said, “It’s Elder Chu of the Demon Sealing Alliance who told us that we are indeed following the Demon Sealing Alliance to co-operate!”
“Elder Chu said that our Elder Fei secretly sneak attacked the Sealing Demon Alliance’s male son Zuo Xuan, causing Zuo Xuan to be killed by the one called Chen Ping.”
“Elder Chu has told our Soulless Hall that we must have an explanation, and he is also contacting the nearby rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, preparing to hunt down that Chen Ping.”
Hearing the words of the man in black, Chen Ping coldly smiled and said “Does that Demon Sealing Alliance Lord know that his son is dead?”
“Doesn’t know yet, if he knew, I’m afraid that our Soulless Hall and Elder Chu wouldn’t be able to survive.”
The man in black shook his head, then continued “What I said is true, you can let my sister go, right?”
“Of course I know that what you said is true, because I am that Chen Ping that you spoke of ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“You are Chen Ping?”
The black clothed man’s eyes were filled with shock, he couldn’t believe that he was able to meet Chen Ping in this Spirit Beast Valley!
The woman in black also looked at Chen Ping with an unbelievable expression!
“Of course, as in fake Chen Ping, didn’t your Soulless Hall receive orders to hunt me down?”
Chen Ping still had a smile on his face!
The black-clothed man’s face was ashen at the moment, he knew that if he fell into Chen Ping’s hands, he would definitely not have a good ending!
The woman in black also slowly lowered her head, as things were now, they could only resign themselves to their fate!
If Bai Shallow was not present, they could follow Chen Ping and fight, even with the help of Spirit Beast Valley, they were not afraid!
But now that Bai Shao was there, a Transition Realm 7th Grade Grand Cultivator, the few of them were no match at all!
“Since it fell into your hands, kill or die as you wish, but my master will avenge us.”
The man in black said coldly!