Chen Ping took out the jade items in his pocket, these jade items contained a hit of spiritual energy, all when Dong Jiahao and Zhao Chuan picked them up and played with them, a refreshing and comfortable feeling immediately spread throughout his body.
“Chen Ping, these things are really precious ……”
Dong Jiahao said in surprise.
“Since Brother Dong likes them, I’ll give you one ……”
Chen Ping chose a jade item and handed it to Dong Jiahao.
Dong Jiahao was stunned, then he laughed and said, “Chen Ping, that’s meaningful enough, I’ve made you a friend!”
Dong Jiahao also accepted the jade without ceremony, and Chen Ping chose another piece and gave it to Zhao Beng.
Ning Zhi looked on from the sidelines, but didn’t say anything.
“Brother Chen, are these the only jade pieces inside? Are there any other treasures?”
Zhao Barging asked curiously.
Chen Ping took out the dark ring and said, “There’s also this ring, I don’t know what use it has!”
There was no aura on this ring, and Chen Ping had also used his divine sense to probe it, and it felt very ordinary, but it was also obviously not very reasonable for such an ordinary ring to be worn on an emperor’s hand.
“Let’s see ……”
Zhao Barging took the ring and carefully examined it.
Soon, Zhao Barging found a few small words on the inside of the ring, and then said with some surprise, “There are three words written on this ring, the storage ring ……”
Upon hearing this, Chen Ping hurriedly took the ring back into his hand, and indeed, he saw the three words of storage ring on the inner side.
Soon, Chen Ping’s eyes lit up, followed by biting his finger and putting a drop of blood on it.
When the blood came into contact with the ring, a buzzing sound was immediately heard, followed by the ring, which was all black, instantly turning blood-red, followed by a blood-red aura shooting out from the ring, directly hitting Chen Ping’s eyebrow.
Chen Ping’s mind moved and he soon found that a chaotic space appeared within the ring, this should be where the ring stored things.
Slowly the storage ring turned black again, Chen Ping put the ring on his hand and looked at the 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers map in his hand, between flashes of his mind, the 90,000 miles of mountains and rivers map appeared in the storage ring.
“It really is a treasure ……”
Chen Ping burst into a frenzy of joy, although this storage ring had no spiritual energy, it was an uncompromising magic weapon.
“Brother Chen Ping, that storage ring of yours, can you give it to me more than just that?”
Just when Chen Ping was happy, that Ning Zhi suddenly spoke.
Ning Zhi’s words directly caused Chen Ping to just stare.
“Ning Zhi, how can you be so shameless as to ask for something directly from someone else? It’s too shameful for your Ning family ……”
Dong Jiahao looked at Ning Zhi and said with a sneer on his face.
Ning Zhi wasn’t angry, a faint smile on his face, “Even if you get these treasures, you won’t be able to walk out of the tomb at all, that Guo Wei will definitely lead people to stop you at the exit, instead of these treasures being snatched by those guys from the Martial Alliance, why not give them to me, I can guarantee that I can safely send you out of the tomb.”
The reason why Ning Zhi hadn’t left seemed to be that he had planned long ago that he could only rely on the hunchbacked old man he had brought with him to deal with Guo Wei, so he had waited and waited to reap the benefits.
“Crap, the reason why you kid didn’t leave, so you’re waiting here? You’re too calculating ……”
Dong Jiahao couldn’t help but burst out a foul mouth.
Ning Zhi did not pay attention to Dong Jiahao, but looked at Chen Ping and said, “Chen Ping, one storage ring for the lives of several of you, I feel it is worth it.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “Why do I feel that it is not worth it at all?”
Ning Zhi was stunned, “What, you think Guo Wei and the others wouldn’t dare to kill you?”
“It’s not that they don’t dare, but they can’t kill me at all, you’ve got the wrong idea!”
Chen Ping laughed coldly, followed by a wave of his palm, a golden light directly enveloped himself in it.