“Now it’s your turn, do you know what kind of person I am the most ruthless in my life?”
Chen Ping looked at Qian Yue with an icy gaze!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s heart had already been filled with anger, he originally still trusted this Qian Yue, but also thought to give him a chance to pull him a hand!
However, he did not think that his good intentions had been treated as a donkey’s liver and lungs, and in a turn of events, this Qian Yue had betrayed himself!
“I …… don’t know ……”
Qian Yue did not dare to look directly into Chen Ping’s eyes, eyes hiding said!
“I hate people who betray me the most, all those who betray me have only one result, and that is death ……”
When Chen Ping finished saying the word death, an appalling killing aura directly enveloped that Qian Yue!
Qian Yue’s body trembled and his body took two steps backward!
However, looking at the side of Qiu Tu and that Luan master, Qian Yue can only harden his head and said, “You do not brag, there are Qiu Gongzi and Luan master in, you simply can not kill me.”
“They can’t possibly look on and not care, if you dare to make a move, the unlucky one will be you!”
“Hmph!”Chen Ping snorted coldly, his eyes full of contempt, not putting that Qiu Tu and what Master Luan in his eyes at all!
“You two get lost ……”
Chen Ping said to Qiu Tu and Master Luan!
The two of them glanced at each other, then Qiu Tu’s eyes slightly condensed and said, “Kid, now this Qian Yue is already a person of my Qiu Mansion, if you want to kill him, there is no way that I will agree.”
“I don’t care if you are that Criminal Daorong’s guest secretary, if you really piss me off, the consequences are something you can’t afford.”
“You killed my brother, we can forget about it, as long as you let go of this Immortal Spirit Stone Vein, I can let you leave with these three people, and from now on, our well water will not offend the river water.”
Qiu Tu actually didn’t have much confidence inside, after Chen Ping easily escaped from within that Heaven Swallowing Gourd, Qiu Tu wasn’t trusting in any Master Luan’s ability!
And he followed Chen Ping also exchanged hands, obviously is not Chen Ping’s opponent, and now Chen Ping has broken through to the Mahayana realm, this if they fight, they join forces do not seem to have much chance of winning!
But if you let him give up Qian Yue, and then turn his head to escape, Qiu Tou face is also a bit untenable!
If this is the case, if the word gets out, who will still come to them in the future!
So Qiu Tu wanted to scare Chen Ping a bit, hoping to scare Chen Ping!
Chen Ping listened to the words of Qiu Tu and directly laughed!
“What? Are you scared?”Chen Ping laughed!
Chen Ping knew that with the character of a cockney like Qiu Tui, but if he had the confidence to win, he would never say such words.
It was estimated that he would let himself die a horrible death, so how could he say the words of well water!
Obviously, this Qiu Tui didn’t have the confidence to defeat himself, that’s why he said this!
“Joke, what am I afraid of, we have Master Luan on our side, plus if I’m there, how can I defeat you as a First Grade of the Mahayana Realm.”
“I’m just giving you a chance, if you don’t want it, don’t blame me for not being polite!”
Qiu Tu forced himself to be calm and said with a cold smile!
“The two of you are nothing in my eyes, not to mention the two of you, even if the three of you were to come together, I would still despise you!”
Chen Ping’s tone carried mockery and disdain!
This tone directly enraged Qiu Tu!
As a male son of the Qiu House, how could he be subjected to this kind of anger!
As the saying goes, a scholar can be killed but not humiliated ……
“Qian Yue, Master Luan, the three of us join forces, today to be sure to kill this kid, too fucking crazy, I can not stand it ……”
Qiu Tou shouted Qian Yue up as well, after all, one more person, one more point of strength!
“Good!”
Qian Yue and that Master Luan nodded!
“Mr. Chen, let me help you ……” Xiong Gao took a few steps forward and stood next to Chen Ping!
Xiong Guo had broken through the spiritual power shackles, and although his strength had not fully recovered, he could not watch Chen Ping fight the three alone!
“You’d better go and protect Youngest Sister and Xiong Ying, just these three guys, I’m enough on my own!”
Chen Ping told Xiong Gao to retreat!