Zhao Liguo directly picked up Zhao Bargan by his collar and lifted him up.
No matter how much he struggled, it was useless!
Looking at Zhao Liguo to leave, both Chen Ping and Xuan Yuan Kai and the others all breathed a sigh of relief, after all, with the presence of such an oppressive expert, they were afraid that they wouldn’t even dare to move a bit.
“Dad, I’ll go with you, but take my friends with me …………”
Zhao Barging suddenly said to Zhao Liguo as he pa*sed in front of Chen Ping and the others.
After all, Chen Ping, Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were all Xiao Ru’s friends, and Xiao Ru had been frozen to save Chen Ping, Zhao Barging didn’t want Chen Ping and the others to stay here and be attacked by Xuanyuan Kai and the others!
The melee just now, Zhao Barging had seen it all, except that he was low in strength and the men he brought along were no match for the two families, plus he was in a hurry to find a way to save Xiao Ru, so he didn’t help Chen Ping!
Now that his own father was here, he didn’t want to see all of Xiao Ru’s friends die here.
It seemed that this guy was Avray in love with Xiao Ru.
“Good, if you dare to play tricks on me, see if I don’t break your legs, do you know how anxious your mother is when she can’t find you?”
Zhao Liguo said as he glared viciously at Zhao Beng.
“I won’t!” Zhao Bargan hurriedly promised, and only then did Zhao Liguo let go of him.
Zhao Barging walked up to Chen Ping, “Big Brother Chen, Sister Yu Qi, Sister Ling’er, you guys come with me, so that no one will dare to do anything to you ……”
Chen Ping and the others looked at Zhao Barging and felt a little surprised, they didn’t expect Zhao Barging to help them, after all, now that Xiao Ru was gone, there was no need for Zhao Barging to get any closer to them.
Could it be that this kid Zhao Barging also wanted to get the dragon crystal, and that was why he was helping himself?
But looking at Zhao Barging’s sincere eyes, it was not like he was playing tricks.
In the end, Chen Ping nodded, after all, it was the most appropriate choice to follow Zhao Barging and leave now.
Chen Ping took Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er and followed Zhao Barging towards Zhao Liguo, who just swept Chen Ping and Su Yuqi and the others twice, and without saying anything, turned around and left!
This time, whether it was Xuanyuan Kai or Cheng Kun, they were all anxious, Chen Ping had eaten the dragon crystal, how could he just be taken away.
“Uncle Zhao …………”
Xuanyuan Kai hurriedly ran forward and stopped Zhao Liguo!
“Eldest nephew, is something wrong?” Zhao Liguo took a look at Xuanyuan Kai’s broken arm, but didn’t have much of an expression.
“Uncle Zhao, you can’t take Chen Ping with you, he cut off my arm, I can’t not take revenge for this ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai said to Zhao Liguo.
He didn’t say anything about Chen Ping eating the dragon crystal, otherwise Zhao Liguo would take Chen Ping away even more if he knew about it.
“He was the one who cut off your arm?” Zhao Liguo faintly stared.
In his opinion, Chen Ping was only at the seventh rank of Grand Master, how could he have cut off the arm of Xuan Yuan Kai, a peak Grand Master?
Zhao Liguo had thought that it was Xuan Yuan Kai and Cheng Kun who had fought and the two families had their arms chopped off in a melee, after all, it was already common knowledge that the two people did not see eye to eye and whenever they met, the two would fight.
Now when he heard that it was actually cut off by Chen Ping, he couldn’t help but look at Chen Ping twice more.
“Barging son, what’s going on here?”
Zhao Liguo asked as he turned to Zhao Barging.
After all, Zhao Barging said that Chen Ping was his friend, and since he was a friend, why would he cut Xuan Yuan Kai’s arm, after all, their Shadowless Villa had no beef with the Xuan Yuan family.
Zhao Barging looked at Chen Ping and then at Xuan Yuan Kai and finally gritted his teeth and said, “Dad, it was Chen Ping who ate the dragon crystal and they wanted to get it, so there was a conflict ……”
Zhao Chuan told the story of Chen Ping eating the dragon crystal!
“Dragon Crystal?”
Hearing the word Dragon Crystal, Zhao Liguo’s eyes instantly burst out with a brilliant light!
Seeing Zhao Liguo’s expression, Zhao Barging suddenly regretted that he shouldn’t have told his father this, although he didn’t have the slightest greed for any dragon crystal, his own father wouldn’t be the same as himself.