Within the mansion!
Chen Ping’s eyes were tightly closed, his body’s clothes bulged, and a monstrous aura was constantly erupting!
Immediately after, Chen Ping suddenly opened his eyes, and golden light appeared on his body, like an erupting volcano, rising up to the sky!
Wherever the golden light passed, everything turned into rubble, even the mansion formation, under this violent aura, instantly disappeared!
The Mu Family members who were guarding outside the mansion, all of them were terrified, unable to withstand this violent aura, while fleeing towards the distance!
“What’s going on here?”
“Did that Chen Ping finish absorbing the Immortal Law Inheritance?”
“Why isn’t Uncle Mu back yet?”
There was panic in the eyes of the Mu Clan’s crowd, and one by one, they kept retreating!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s entire body was wrapped in golden light, and his eyes were filled with burning flames!
The mansion had already been reduced to rubble, and Chen Ping’s body slowly levitated!
Those Mu family members looked at Chen Ping, each one of them staring with wide eyes, full of incredulity, at this moment, Chen Ping was like a heavenly god!
Rumble …………
Suddenly, countless thunderbolt clouds converged in the sky, followed by a muffled thunderclap!
The temporal and spatial turbulence in the Chaotic Land also disappeared under this thunder tribulation cloud!
Accompanied by a thunder tribulation that fiercely bombarded Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping’s entire body frantically burned with flames!
“Thunder tribulation? He …… he’s making a breakthrough?”
“Bad, quickly inform Uncle Mu and Missy.”
“This guy, how is he making a breakthrough here, and this thunder tribulation is too terrifying.”
The Mu Family crowd panicked and rushed to notify Mu Yao and Mu Naiyi!
Chen Ping’s body, suspended stolidly in mid-air, endured the baptism of the thunder tribulation!
Each thunder tribulation caused the entire Wuji Sacred Sect to tremble!
Mu Naiyi and Mu Yao, who were originally rushing towards this place, stopped their bodies and stared blankly at the thunder tribulation clouds in the sky!
“Thunder Tribulation Cloud? How could someone break through here?”
Mu Yao’s face was filled with doubt!
“Could it be that brat Chen Ping, he’s only at the third rank of the Transition Realm, even if he breaks through to the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, how could a small realm advancement possibly induce a thunder tribulation of such magnitude?”
Mu Naiyi was also filled with puzzlement, not understanding what was going on!
And just at this moment, a voice came from Mu Yao’s voice transmission jade slip!
“Uncle Mu, that Chen Ping is suffering from a thunder tribulation breakthrough, the mansion has already been reduced to rubble, this brat’s aura at this time is too terrifying.”
A member of the Mu family transmitted a voice to Mu Yao!
“Sure enough, it’s this Chen Ping breaking through, let’s go!”
Once Mu Naiyi heard that it was really Chen Ping making a breakthrough, he had a bad feeling inside!
Mu Naiyi and Mu Yao escorted Bing Lu and the others and accelerated their speed!
They hoped to arrive before Chen Ping succeeded in his tribulation!
This might give them a chance to stop Chen Ping from raising his realm, or even make him fail in his tribulation and die in the thunder tribulation!
And at this moment, a thunder tribulation bombarded Chen Ping’s body, but Chen Ping was expressionless!
“It’s the eighth thunder tribulation, a small realm elevation has even triggered eight thunder tribulations.”
“Too terrifying, no wonder he dares to follow Missy and go against her.”
“For the Demon Sealing Alliance to take out a hundred years of offerings, it seems to be really prescient, this guy is really hard to deal with.”
The Mu family members were also shocked as they watched Chen Ping stand firm amidst the sound of a thunderbolt!
“Kid, I won’t let you succeed in your tribulation ……”
Right at this moment, a figure appeared violently, directly Mu Yao struck a fire dragon, heading straight towards Chen Ping!
Just at the moment when the fire dragon reached Chen Ping’s front!
Another thunder tribulation rumbled down!
Rumble!
This thunderbolt instantly caused the fire dragon Mu Yao had struck to disappear, and Chen Ping was also smoothly raised to the fourth grade of the Transition Realm cultivation level under this thunderbolt!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was surrounded by golden light as he coldly looked at Mu Yao as if he were an ant!
The thunder tribulation cloud dissipated, and temporal turbulence appeared above the sky once again!