“Impossible, absolutely impossible, if you are only at the sixth rank of the Transition Realm, how could you possibly have this kind of strength?”
Diao Changmin simply did not believe what Chen Ping had said!
It was simply unbelievable for a small cultivator of the sixth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm to waste a dozen pill masters of the eighth or ninth rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm!
“Believe it or not is up to you, but it is impossible for you to leave here alive today.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the golden dragon above his head let out a roar and headed towards Diao Changmin!
Diao Changmin had long been scared out of his wits at this moment, and didn’t dare to put up any resistance, seeing that Chen Ping was about to make a move, he turned around and ran!
He only thought about saving his life and didn’t care about face!
A Mahayana realm expert, being chased by a sixth ranked cultivator of the Transition realm, if he was seen, it would indeed be humiliating enough!
Diao Changmin didn’t care anymore, he desperately ran away, and the shielding spell formation that he had laid down was also released at this time!
“Family master ……”
Just as that Diao Changmin turned to flee, the middle-aged pharmacist who had originally been left behind to refine the antidote pills arrived with his men!
Seeing his people coming, Diao Changmin then anxiously shouted, “Stop him, stop him for me ……”
The middle-aged pharmacist led the people, leaping up and heading straight for Chen Ping!
Diao Changmin, on the other hand, was secretly relieved, as long as someone stopped Chen Ping, he could escape!
However, just as the middle-aged pharmacist with his men rushed towards Chen Ping, the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand suddenly swung!
The sword awnings in the sky covered the sky!
The middle-aged pharmacist and the others were directly pierced through under the sky of sword awnings, and countless blood holes appeared on their bodies!
Seeing this, Diao Changmin’s legs immediately went limp and he directly fell to the ground!
The Dragon Slashing Sword in Chen Ping’s hand was pointed at Diao Changmin, his eyes filled with a murderous aura!
“Don …… t kill me, as long as you don t kill me, I will listen to you in everything.”
“I can expose that Su Tianshuo ……”
Diao Changmin’s face was full of panic as he began to beg for mercy!
As the head of the Diao Family, a Mahayana Realm cultivator, he was at this moment begging for mercy in a lowly manner!
However, Diao Changmin didn’t care, he only wished to live, as long as he lived, nothing would be a problem!
“I don’t need you to reveal!”Chen Ping said coldly!
“I can give you all the resources of the Diao family, I am even willing to submit to that Zhen family, as long as you don’t kill me!”
Diao Changmin desperately begged Chen Ping!
At this moment, Diao Changmin’s face was already pale and his body was in discomfort!
After all, without the Antidote Pill, coupled with the space in his heart, the toxins in his body would spread rapidly!
“I don’t need anything, from the moment you spied on the Divine Nong Ding on me, you were doomed to your fate!”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand swung in a smooth motion!
Diao Changmin’s head directly flew out, and even his divine soul went up in smoke!
Diao Changmin’s eyes were rounded and his head rolled far away, he had never written to think that the matter of the hand holding the pinch would end up with this result!
If he had known, he would not have been able to bring someone to rob Chen Ping privately!
Now it was too late to regret!
The world does not sell regret pills!
Pfft …………
After killing Diao Changmin, Chen Ping also gushed out a mouthful of blood!
His hands were pressed against the ground with his Dragon Sword!
Relying on the Dragon Beheading Sword to support his body, Chen Ping had just put in his best effort, causing the toxins in his body to spread rapidly as well!
The reason why Chen Ping took out his full strength as soon as he made his move was because he was afraid that once he was poisoned, then he would not have a chance!
“You are not lightly poisoned, quickly find antidote pills from these people and take them.”
“Although it can’t help you with the poison, it can control the spread of the toxin!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping hurriedly found the antidote pills from the dead apothecaries and then swallowed them in one go!
After eating the antidote pills, Chen Ping’s body finally had a trace of strength!