Seeing this, Jin Yuan knew that even if he led his men to chase after the Flaming Tiger alone, he would not be able to fight it at all, so he could only listen to Lv Factory and leave this place as soon as possible!
“Mr. Chen, let’s go quickly, or else I’m afraid that the Flaming Tiger will summon a tide of beasts in a moment!”
Hou Zhen urged at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, and then the group began to retreat, intending to leave this demonic beast mountain range!
But just as the group had not gone far, they felt a tremor in the earth, as if some terrifying force was approaching!
Chen Ping’s face instantly turned extremely ugly, and there was a bit of panic on his face!
“A tide of beasts, that fiery tiger has summoned a tide of beasts ……”
Feeling the earth shaking, Lu Factory’s face changed dramatically!
“Run, quickly ……”
Jin Yuan was also scared at this point and shouted to escape!
“It’s too late, we need to form a defensive wall as soon as possible, otherwise not many of us will survive the onslaught of this wave of beasts!”
Chen Ping felt the fierce tide of beasts and stopped that Jin Yuan and said!
“With just these people of ours, what kind of defense can we form strong, it’s better to run for our lives quickly, it’s better to run one by one ……”
How could Jin Yuan listen to Chen Ping.
But that Lv factory, on the other hand, his body rose up in the air, his face changed dramatically when he saw a haze of trees falling not far away, sweeping in like a monstrous wave!
“It’s too late, the tide of beasts will be here soon ……”
Lu Factory said with a pale face!
At this moment, the crowd could also feel the trembling of the earth getting worse and worse, and that terrifying aura was constantly emanating from it!
“Since we can’t escape, what should we do?”
Jin Yuan panicked, he was beginning to regret coming here and going so deep into the demonic beast mountain range!
Factory Lu put his eyes on Chen Ping, although Chen Ping wasn’t the strongest, but in this life and death situation, they could only see what Chen Ping had to break!
“Everyone gather around, don’t scatter!”
Chen Ping finished, and began to draw some special symbols on the ground around them with tree branches!
“Formation? I didn’t expect this guy to be a formation master?”
Seeing those symbols drawn by Chen Ping, Jin Yuan looked a little surprised!
Soon, those special symbols that Chen Ping had drawn began to flicker with light.
Chen Ping did not stop, but continued to carve the formation, one by one, as the formation patterns were carved down on the surrounding trees, and soon this whole area was all connected!
The whole area was covered with light, which gave many people some psychological comfort and made them less nervous!
But Chen Ping was not too happy when he looked at the spell formation he had set up, because he knew that it would not last long!
The only thing the spell formation could do was to block the first wave of the beast tide, because it was the first wave of these beast tides that would be the most powerful!
“Mr. Chen, I didn’t expect you to be a profound formation master, what is the name of this formation that you have laid? Is it just enough to keep those demonic beasts out?”
Hou Zhen was full of excitement as he asked Chen Ping.
“This formation of mine can only block the first wave of the beast tide, the rest will still depend on your own abilities.”
Chen Ping said truthfully!
Hearing Chen Ping say this, the crowd’s originally relaxed mood once again tensed up!
“Just be able to block the first wave of attacks, after all, the first wave of the beast tide is the most terrifying.”
“I believe this tide of beasts won’t last long, and these demonic beasts won’t be very strong, after all, they are only summoned by that Flaming Tiger, they should all be low level demonic beasts!”
“As long as we stick together and don’t scatter, we should be able to withstand this tide of beasts attacking.”
Lu Factory spoke up at this time.
At this time of life and death, one must be united to do so …………