Only then did Shi slowly turn his head to look at Fan Jiang: “You can’t kill him ……”
“Why?” Fan Jiang froze!
“Because I’m here, so you can’t kill him!”
Mr. Shi said unhurriedly.
“Humph, twenty years ago, I was no match for you, but now it’s uncertain who will live and who will die ……”
Fan Jiang’s aura surged!
“Twenty years ago I could kill you, now I still can ……”
Mr. Shi’s face remained calm, and he still spoke in that same unhurried tone.
Although the tone was calm, it carried a sense of determination!
Fan Jiang’s face was ugly and his tiger head sword was instantly in his hand!
But looking at Mr. Shi’s calm look, Fan Jiang’s heart was reeling!
He didn’t dare to make a move against Mr. Shi!
A moment later, Fan Jiang actually put the Tiger Head Sword away.
“Since you want to save this Chen Ping, then I won’t kill him, it’s the Wudao Alliance that wants him dead anyway, I don’t need to go against you for the sake of the Wudao Alliance!”
Fan Jiang finished speaking and turned around to leave!
He had no grudge against Chen Ping, he was only entrusted by Zhu Zhishan, so he didn’t need to go against Mr. Shi for this matter!
Because Fan Jiang didn’t know if he was a match for Mr. Shi!
“Did I let you go?” Mr Shi asked.
Fan Jiang froze, “I’m not even going to kill him, what else do you want?”
“To kill you ……”
Mr. Shi said slowly!
Kill you!
These two short words caused Fan Jiang’s body to tremble and he couldn’t help but take a few steps backwards!
“Don’t think that I am afraid of you, if we really fight, it will be a lose-lose situation ……”
Fan Jiang said as he looked cautiously at Mr. Shi.
“Two defeats?” Mr. Shi suddenly smiled, “You are also worthy ……”
As the words fell, the aura on Mr. Shi’s body changed abruptly!
The originally calm face was instantly filled with a biting killing intent, at this moment, Mr. Shi was just like a killing god!
The chilling killing intent on his body caused Chen Ping to feel a burst of panic!
Feeling the aura that erupted from Mr. Shi’s body, Fan Jiang couldn’t help but retreat two steps again!
“Surnamed Shi, you and I have no enmity, you don’t have to fight me to the death, do you?”
“I’ve already said that I’ll let that Chen Ping go and will never bother him again.”
“Besides, the entire martial arts world is in chaos now, so you don’t have to kill me for my identity as an evil cultivator, do you?”
“In that case, wouldn’t your officials have to kill half of the entire martial arts world!”
Fan Jiang was following Shi’s plea for mercy!
“Cut the crap and do it!”
Mr Shi’s mind was made up.
Seeing this, Fan Jiang could only roar, the tiger-headed sword in his hand was played with a tiger’s wind, a monstrous momentum rose up, and the terrifying blade came towards Mr. Shi in all directions!
In the face of the terrifying blade, Mr. Shi slowly raised one hand behind his back and looked on with a calm face!
Mr. Shi’s performance made Fan Jiang even more furious!
The tiger’s head sword in his hand glowed with light and the blade was even sharper!
But just as the terrifying blades were coming towards Mr Shi in wave after wave, Mr Shi raised his right hand and flicked it forward!
A breeze rose up and collided with the waves of blades.
The terrifying blade, after touching the breath of Mr. Shi’s slap, dissipated instantly without a trace!
There was no heaven-defying aftershock, let alone a deafening sound!
Fan Jiang’s strenuous strike was thus soundlessly dissolved.
Chen Ping was somewhat dumbfounded, he had never seen such strength before!
Fan Jiang’s eyes were also wide with wonder at the scene before him!
That was the strongest strike he had ever made!
The difference between his strength and Mr. Shi’s was self-evident!
Fan Jiang’s heart was filled with fear, and he had lost the courage to follow Mr. Shi’s shouting.
Now Fan Jiang only had one thought, and that was to run!
He knew that he had no chance of winning!