The pharmacist Chen frowned, then looked at Chen Ping and said “What do you mean? Think I’m the one who misread it?”
Apothecary Chen’s face became very ugly!
“Don’t talk nonsense, Chen Apothecary is not as good as Pillfather, but he is still a skilled healer, we all saw that Elder Miao was shocked by that five-coloured bird, so how could it not be due to the shock.”
Sikong Zhen said to Chen Ping!
“What’s wrong with you people? Could it be that you are also a pill master? If you’re not a pill master, don’t interrupt.”
“It’s a pharmacist, so young and how much skill can he have, how dare he question pharmacist Chen’s.”
The crowd was all very dissatisfied with Chen Ping!
“Although you saved old Miao from coming back, you can’t stop Apothecary Chen from healing him, is it due to the shock injury, can’t Apothecary Chen see that?”
Cai Hongwei was also very dissatisfied with Chen Ping for blocking it. .
“Uncle Cai, Mr Chen is also a Pill Master, and he’s also a Senior Pill Master, even that Pill Dignitary of Yellow and Blue City is willing to bow down when he meets Mr Chen.”
Ji Yun hurriedly said!
“Kid, you’re bragging, the Yellow and Blue City’s Pill Zun, how could he submit to a brat.”
That Pill Master Chen did not believe what Chen Ping said at all!
“I’m reminding you once more, this Old Miao’s body is not a shock injury, if you give him this pill, not only will it not save him, it will even kill him.”
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to the mockery and distrust of the others and said to that Apothecary Chen with a grave face!
“Kid, if you want to show off your skills and go elsewhere I don’t care, but if you are questioning my medical skills, then I won’t agree to it.”
“If Elder Miao has problems after taking my pills, I will naturally be responsible, with so many people watching, I, Chen, am a man of my word.”
Apothecary Chen said with an angry face!
“What’s wrong with you people? Interfering with saving my grandfather, can you afford it?”
That Miao Miao saw that Chen Ping had been blocking the rescue, and somewhat angrily yelled at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at Miao Miao’s attitude and stopped saying anything, instead, he took two steps back and then looked at those birds outside the blimp!
“Apothecary Chen, please hurry up and save my grandfather!”
Miao Miao said to that Apothecary Chen!
Apothecary Chen sent those two pills into Old Miao’s mouth!
When the pills melted, Miao Lao slowly opened his eyes and his breath slowly recovered!
“Grandpa, grandpa …………”
Seeing that Miao Lao had woken up, Miao Miao was very happy!
The others were also happy to see this and were praising that Apothecary Chen!
That Pill Master Chen, on the other hand, had a smug look on his face and mockingly glanced twice towards Chen Ping!
Seeing Elder Miao waking up, Ji Yun and Fire Phoenix were also a little strange!
Since Chen Ping had said that Elder Miao would not only be incurable, but his life would also be in danger if he ate that pill, but now that Elder Miao had woken up with good intentions!
“Mr Chen, that old Miao woke up ……”
Ji Yun whispered to Chen Ping and reminded him!
“I know!” Chen Ping did not seem to be surprised, still observing the flock of birds outside!
And at this time, Old Miao, was cupping his fists towards that Chen Apothecary and said “Chen Apothecary, thank you for saving my life ah, I will never forget it.”
“Miao old polite, as a pharmacist to save the dead and help the injured should be, not to mention that we have to rely on the back of the old Miao it.”
Apothecary Chen said with a faint smile!
“Hmph, obviously it was the master who risked his life to save that old guy back, now it’s someone else who saved him.”
The fire phoenix snorted coldly, very dissatisfied!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping risking his life to pull Miao Lao back to the dirigible, it was estimated that by now, that Miao Lao would have become a pile of white bones!
And Fire Phoenix’s words seemed to have been heard by that Miao Lao, only to see that Miao Lao walk over!
“Little brother, thanks to you for pulling my old man in the moment of crisis ah, otherwise I’m afraid that my old man would have been eaten by that five-coloured bird long ago now.”
Old Miao said to Chen Ping with a face full of gratitude!