“Sire, still really think I’ll help him kill people ……”
Divine Doctor Liu smiled coldly!
Many of the people in the Celestial Realm were selfish and unreliable, not to mention these cultivators in the depths of the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
This Zheng Jian even dared to trust others so easily, and deserved to be cheated himself!
Right now, Divine Doctor Liu and the others only had Chen Ping in their eyes, they only needed to hand Chen Ping over to the Demon Sealing Alliance!
At this time, they wouldn’t be able to cause trouble and help Zheng Jian to kill that Ochre Yan!
After Patriarch Jiang and the others had left, Divine Doctor Liu then led his people to slowly walk up to Chen Ping!
“Kid, your disguise is good, it looks just like the real thing, but even if you hide it well, aren’t you still discovered by us all the same?”
Divine Doctor Liu said with a cold smile on his face!
“What can I do if I find out?”
Chen Ping asked without a care in the world!
“What can you say? Now that you are trapped inside my formation, you can only be caught with your hands tied, and then I can trade you with the Demon Sealing Alliance for that hundred year offering.”
When Divine Doctor Liu thought of that Demon Sealing Alliance’s hundred-year offering, he was happy from the bottom of his heart!
“Trap me?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted up “Just this tiny spell formation, also want to trap me, you guys are too naive!”
Chen Ping said I, one hand gently pressed on that spell formation!
A ripple violently rose in the void, followed by a flash of golden light, and that spell formation collapsed instantly like a broken mirror!
Seeing this scene, Divine Doctor Liu and the others were all stunned!
“How is this …… this possible?”
Divine Doctor Liu’s eyes widened, his face full of incredulity!
One must know that this spell formation talisman, which he had spent a lot of money on, was a high-level spell formation, so how could it be broken so easily?
“Divine Doctor Liu, have you been tricked, this is simply a broken spell formation?”
The bearded cultivator looked at Divine Doctor Liu and asked!
“It’s possible ……”
Divine Doctor Liu nodded!
r> He didn’t believe that Chen Ping was able to break the spell formation so easily and hard, it must be that his own formation talisman was faulty and he had been tricked!
“Even if there is no spell formation, are we still afraid of this kid ……”
A cultivator saw that Chen Ping was only at the second rank of the Ferrying Realm cultivation, and after a cold snort, he slapped his palm out towards Chen Ping!
With this palm, a fire dragon was instantly struck, instantly engulfing Chen Ping in it!
“A mere second grade cultivator of the Ferrying Realm, I don’t know what you guys are cautious about, this is not a palm and it’s over.”
The cultivator said with a sneer!
Divine Doctor Liu and the others were also a bit puzzled, they did not expect Chen Ping to be so easy to deal with, with this kind of strength, why would the Demon Sealing Alliance take out a hundred years of offerings?
Just when these people were puzzled, suddenly a crimson flame, flew out from that blazing flame, as if it was an arrow out of a string!
Swish ……
However, in an instant, the cultivator who had struck out only felt a heat in his chest, and immediately after, he looked down and realised that his chest had been burnt out of a large hole by that crimson flame!
The hole was scorched black all around, obviously traces of having been burnt, and the entire hole could be seen from one side to the other now!
“Ah …………”
It was only after a while that the intense pain came, causing the cultivator to scream miserably and finally fall down!
As for the flames around Chen Ping, they began to slowly weaken and finally disappeared completely!
“Playing with fire with me, you are still a bit young ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold snort!
When Divine Doctor Liu followed the three remaining cultivators, they were dumbfounded!
A sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, just like that?
One must know that Chen Ping’s exposed aura was only the second rank of the Transitional Appearance Realm
How could it be like this?
Divine Doctor Liu looked at the bearded cultivator with a dull gaze, his body trembling slightly!
He was merely a pharmacist, and his realm of strength was not as good as these four people!
The reason why these four people followed him was also because of his Pill Master status, which he could use to cheat a lot of resources!