As soon as the crowd heard this, they hurriedly flocked out, each one excited!
When Chen Ping saw that everyone was there, he frowned: “Did something happen?”
“Chen Ping, take a look ……”
Gu Ling’er stepped forward and handed Chen Ping the Martial Alliance’s battle invitation!
And Gu Ling’er’s gaze, swept twice over Ge Yuhan behind Chen Ping, and didn’t say anything!
Chen Ping took the battle invitation and his entire body was filled with rage!
“This Ning Zhi, simply D*mned ……”
Chen Ping gritted his teeth as the battle post in his hand instantly turned into ashes!
“You guys wait here, I’m going to go to the Martial Alliance ……”
Chen Ping finished his sentence, turned around and headed out the door!
“Chen Ping, that Ning Zhi is tricky, it’s too dangerous for you to go by yourself!”
Long Wu said to Chen Ping.
“Uncle Long, don’t worry, I’ll be careful!”
Chen Ping said, and hurriedly headed towards the Martial Alliance.
Because the battle post had said that only Chen Ping was allowed to go alone, for the sake of Su Yuqi’s safety, Chen Ping could not bring anyone with him.
But once Chen Ping left, Ge Yuhan was close behind him!
“Chen Ping, this …… girl she ……”
Gu Ling’er wanted to warn Chen Ping that this girl was following him!
Chen Ping looked back at Ge Yuhan and slowly spoke, “You stay here ……”
But who knew that Ge Yuhan, with her expressionless face and dull gaze, shook her head!
Gu Ling’er, on the other hand, looked at Chen Ping with a strange look.
“I’ll explain to you when we get back, she’s following, that Ning Zhi shouldn’t care.”
Chen Ping finished speaking to Gu Ling’er and led Ge Yuhan straight to the Martial Alliance!
At a glance now, Ge Yuhan was no different from following a wooden man, and there wasn’t the slightest fluctuation of aura on her body!
So even if Chen Ping took it, then Ning Zhi wouldn’t say anything!
…………
Martial Alliance!
The ten black bronze robes had already been arranged, while Ning Zhi, holding a vajra pestle, went inside the dungeon and brought Su Yuqi out.
When the sun shone on Su Yuqi, Su Yuqi couldn’t help but close her eyes!
She hadn’t seen sunlight for a long time!
Su Yuqi’s face was very pale and looked a little weak!
Although the Martial Alliance had given Su Yuqi a large amount of pills and nutrients every day, Su Yuqi’s body still looked weak.
“Are you guys finally going to make a move?”
Su Yuqi had a calm face with little expression!
“Miss Su, don’t worry about it, we won’t kill you, we’re just using you as bait ……”
Ning Zhi smiled coldly!
After Su Yuqi was brought out of the dungeon, she was locked into a huge iron cage!
The iron cage was made of black gold stone, incredibly hard and wrapped in a formation, so it would be very difficult to forcefully open it!
After Su Yuqi was put into the cage, she was then hung up high, and at this moment, Su Yuqi looked like an animal being admired!
“Have you thought about it? Do you know the consequences of doing this? If this woman is rescued, you and I will both die ……”
In Ning Zhi’s mind, the spirit’s voice appeared.
“Senior, don’t worry, I have the Martial Saint Artifact in my hand and the surrounding area is heavily guarded, so that Chen Ping can’t be saved.”
“I just want that Chen Ping to see his girlfriend’s miserable state now, I want to disturb his mind!”
“When people panic, they get confused, as long as that Chen Ping gets confused, then he will definitely die ……”
Ning Zhi had a few fierce smiles on his face.
The fact is that in terms of scheming and strategy, that Zhu Zhishan is a long way behind Ning Zhi!
Ning Zhi looked at the time and quietly waited for Chen Ping’s arrival!
“Chen Ping, I’ve prepared such a great gift for you, I hope you won’t let me down ……”
Ning Zhi looked at the gates of the Martial Union, his face filled with a fierce grin!