“Queen Fox, what is the matter you sent for me?If it wasn’t for the fact that the two of us have a good friendship, I wouldn’t have come.”
“Recently, our Violet Flame Sect is in the autumn of chaos, and there are many things that need to be dealt with!”
Elder Yu said to Bai Shallow.
“Elder Yu, I went to the Southern Region’s Heavenly Demon Mountain this time, but I had some gains, and the first thing I thought of was Elder Yu.”
Bai Shao said, taking out some of the resources she had obtained in the Heavenly Demon Mountain!
Seeing this, Elder Yu had a smile on his face and nonchalantly took all the resources, then said, “You are too polite, what is it, just say it, I know you didn’t find me just to give me these resources.”
“Elder Yu is really smart, I have friends who also cultivate fire techniques and have mastered several kinds of supreme fires, so I want to ask Elder Yu if there are any techniques among your Violet Flame Sect’s techniques that are able to fuse supreme fires together?”
Bai Shallow asked!
“The Fusion to Fire technique?”Elder Yu frowned slightly, then shook his head and said, “In our Violet Flame Sect, it seems that we don’t have a technique that can fuse the Supreme Flame yet.”
When Bai Shao heard this, she was a little discouraged, she had given away so many resources, wouldn’t it be a waste, the Violet Flame Sect simply didn’t have this kind of technique!
Chen Ping was also speechless, even the Purple Flame Sect, which was the most bullish in cultivating fire techniques in the Celestial Realm, if it did not have this kind of technique, it seemed that it could only be available in the Celestial Realm!
But with Chen Ping’s current strength, if he wanted to ascend to the Heavenly Realm, he was afraid that it would take quite a while!
What’s more, in a month’s time, it would be time to follow that Mu Qing in the competition, if Chen Ping’s strength did not grow, I’m afraid that he would not be a match for that Mu Qing!
Just as Bai Shao was discouraged and Chen Ping was speechless, Elder Yu then turned his words around and said, “Although our Purple Flame Sect does not have a technique for fusing the Supreme Flame, I have heard of the Supreme Flame Transition, and the Supreme Flame will be able to be fused after it transitions.”
“To Fire Transition?”
Chen Ping and Bai Shao spoke in unison, their faces full of astonishment!
They did not know what was called a Supreme Fire Transition!
“This kind of Supreme Fire Transition, is to bombard the Supreme Fire in the body with robotic lightning, no matter how many Supreme Fires there are, the ones that have been transited will be fused together, and won’t be able to create a division.”
“However, this Supreme Fire Transition is only something I’ve heard of, and I’ve never seen it before… Our old Sect Master seems to have succeeded in the Supreme Fire Transition.”
Elder Yu’s words had undoubtedly given Chen Ping confidence again!
Although Chen Ping did not know what a Supreme Fire Transition was, it was always a good start.
“Elder Yu, then I wonder if I can take this friend of mine and meet your old sect master?”
Bai Qian asked!
Elder Yu, on the other hand, smiled awkwardly and said, “I’m really sorry, our old Sect Master is in seclusion, and is not able to meet just anyone.”
“Not to mention that this friend of yours is not a disciple of our Sect, even if he met our old Sect Master, he would not be able to teach him anything.”
“I can join your Violet Flame Sect.”Chen Ping said hurriedly!
Elder Yu shot a glance at Chen Ping, then smiled coldly, “Do you think that joining our Purple Flame Sect is that easy?”
“You’re only a mere fourth rank of the Transition Realm, it’s very difficult to pass the inner sect examination.”
“I can try.”Chen Ping said!
“We …………”
“Elder Yu, I have something else here that I want to give to you.”Without waiting for that Elder Yu to say anything, Bai Qian once again took out a large amount of resources!
When Elder Yu saw this, he smiled, and gave the things away saying, “I can take you to the examination, but if you may not pass, it depends on your own skills, and it doesn’t count when I, the Elder, say so.”
“No problem!”Chen Ping nodded!
“Good, then follow me, if you can really pass the examination, for the sake of the Fox Imperial Daughter, I will also take care of you.”
Elder Yu looked towards Chen Ping and said!
“Elder Yu, many thanks.”
Bai Qian hurriedly thanked him!
But inwardly, he had already cursed, this was not looking at her face, it was clearly looking at the face of resources!