“Hey …………”
Suddenly, Fei Wenqiang sighed and slowly shook his head!
“Prime Minister Fei, what’s wrong?”Xiao Feng asked!
Yu Wenqiang did not say anything, only his face was very ugly!
“Emperor Xiao, I’m afraid that I’m going to lose!”
At this moment, Grandmaster Limitless spoke up!
“Master Limitless, don’t talk nonsense, Father Emperor has the divine soul power of more than 100,000 generals in his body, how could he possibly lose?”
Xiao Jian said with some reluctance!
“Second Prince, although Emperor Xiao has the divine soul power of over a hundred thousand generals added to him, it is a pity that the Xiao Dynasty’s Qi is weakening.”
“Can’t you sense it? If a country’s Qi Luck starts to weaken, it signals the end of the country!”
“If the Xiao Imperial Dynasty is all but extinguished, will Emperor Xiao still be able to win?”
Master Limitless said slowly!
When the crowd heard this, they were dumbfounded, and the crowd of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty didn’t know whether to believe Master Limitless’ words or not!
Destroy the country!
If this kind of words were said by someone else, these experts of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty would definitely be anxious, but now it was Grandmaster Limitless who said it!
They had still seen the skills of Master Limitless!
The faces of everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty became unsightly!
If the Xiao Imperial Dynasty really perished, what would their fate be?
There was no egg when the nest was overturned, they still understood this truth!
At this moment, all the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were silent. In the centre of the Imperial City, Xiao Yuanshan was still fighting with the Ten Highnesses, as for the victory or defeat, no one could tell!
Xiao Feng and Xiao Jian were clenching their fists tightly, they were the most nervous at this moment!
If the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was really finished, then they would no longer be any kind of princes!
But even if Xiao Yuanshan won, now that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty had suffered heavy losses, the surrounding forces would surely be watching intently!
This time, no matter if they won or lost, it would be very difficult for the Xiao Dynasty to regain its past glory!
What’s more, the one who came this time was just a child, a child that even the Demon Sealing Alliance’s Zuo Tianzheng was respectful of!
Who knew if there were even more terrifying forces behind this child!
The Xiao Dynasty is just a small human force in the Celestial Realm, how could it possibly fight against the Divine Race?
The fact that the Demon Sealing Alliance had the support of the Divine Race behind it was just beyond everyone’s expectations!
Even Chen Ping was shocked this time, he also did not expect that behind the Demon Sealing Alliance, there were huge forces!
This small Celestial Realm did not expect so many experts to be hidden!
A Heaven and Earth Grand Formation, I don’t know how many people from the Celestial Realm, have been trapped to death here!
Rumble …………
It was unknown how many more rounds Xiao Yuanshan had fought following the Tenth Highness!
A terrifying shockwave kept hitting the crowd, who had to retreat again and again!
By the end of the day, everyone had already withdrawn from the Imperial City!
The original opulent, incomparably brilliant Imperial City had long since become a waste, and the ground was filled with bottomless pits!
This was the capital city of the Xiao Dynasty, but it had been completely destroyed!
When all the aftershocks slowly dispersed, the figures of the Tenth Highness and Xiao Yuanshan appeared in mid-air!
The Tenth Highness was still biting a lollipop in his mouth, and the long golden blade in his hand had already appeared with a gaping hole!
In the eyes of that Tenth Highness, there was still a monstrous battle intent burning in his eyes, and he looked as if he hadn’t finished yet!
Xiao Yuanshan, on the other hand, looked very tired at the moment, his entire body no longer had the pressure of being an emperor, but was more like an old man on the verge of dying!
The breath within his body had also become weak, and the divine soul power of more than 100,000 generals had all been consumed!
“Ai …………”
Xiao Yuanshan sighed helplessly as a complex look flashed in his eyes!
Xiao Yuanshan’s body then slowly fell down, his feet stepping on the devastated Imperial City, Xiao Yuanshan’s tears flowed down!
Although it was said that men do not shed tears, let alone an emperor like Xiao Yuanshan!
But at this moment, Xiao Yuanshan could no longer do anything other than shed a few tears for his dead subjects and generals!