Even the Third Elder looked on in amazement, his face full of disbelief!
One must know that Chen Ping’s current realm was not as good as that of Kuang Biao, and he was the weaker party, yet he never thought that Chen Ping would take the initiative to propose the Great Life and Death Ring!
The Second Elder and Kuang Biao also didn’t expect Chen Ping to make such a request, so they didn’t know what to do for a while!
Seeing that Kuang Biao didn’t say anything, Chen Ping continued, “What, you don’t dare? Are you afraid that you will die a horrible death?”
This was Chen Ping’s way of deliberately provoking Kuang Biao!
After all, Chen Ping’s realm was much lower than Kuang Biao’s. If Kuang Biao didn’t dare to compete, it would be a real shame!
“Senior brother, they are all disciples of the Jade Tripod Sect, it wouldn’t be too good to cause a scene, would it? If senior brother comes back, I’m afraid he’ll chastise us, I think it’s better to go to the point and apologize to whoever loses ……”
The second elder said to the third elder!
After all, Chen Ping, a cultivator of the eighth rank of the Harmonization Realm, dared to take the initiative to follow a Harmonization Realm cultivator to compete in a life and death match, which made the second elder and Kuang Biao wonder for a moment what medicine Chen Ping was selling in his gourd!
He was afraid that Chen Ping had some kind of backhand, and if he really got the upper hand in the ring and killed his disciple, the Second Elder was afraid that he would die of heartache!
“I’m about to compete in the Ring of Life and Death, if you don’t dare to agree, I won’t force you, kneel down and apologise to me, you can save your own little life!”
Without waiting for the Third Elder to speak, Chen Ping refused outright, he insisted on competing in the life and death ring!
The Second Elder was pushed back by Chen Ping and his face turned blue with anger, but now that they had been forced to this point by Chen Ping, it was neither yes nor no!
Seeing that the Second Elder and Kuang Biao still didn’t dare to say yes to Chen Ping, many of the Jade Tripod Sect disciples were already pointing their fingers, after all, in their eyes, Kuang Biao’s strength was much higher than Chen Ping’s, but Kuang Biao hesitated when Chen Ping proposed to fight in a life and death match!
When Chen Ping saw that Kuang Biao still didn’t dare to agree, he took two steps forward and crossed his legs, “Kneel down, crawl over, and I won’t mention the matter of the life and death match again!”
“Since you don’t have the guts, let’s settle this the wimpiest way possible!”
Looking at Chen Ping with a sneer on his face, Kuang Biao’s anger was completely stirred up!
“Fine, I promise you, in the life and death ring, the loser will simply leave his life on the stage ……”
“I don’t believe that you, a trash of the eighth rank of the Realm of Transformation, can still win against me ……”
Kuang Biao’s eyes stared and said!
“Then let’s go on stage, don’t waste time, if I can’t defeat you in ten minutes, I’ll admit defeat myself!”
Chen Ping said with an arrogant look on his face!
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, the crowd once again let out a gasp, if Chen Ping dared to follow Kuang Biao in a life and death match, he was already crazy enough, now he even dared to say that he would defeat Kuang Biao in ten minutes, this was simply crazy to the point of no return!
No one believed that Chen Ping could defeat Kuang Biao in ten minutes, it was not even known if Chen Ping could defeat Kuang Biao, and now he had the audacity to say that he could defeat Kuang Biao in ten minutes!
“Hahahaha, kid, you’re simply too crazy, then let’s have a fight, I’d like to see how you can defeat me in ten minutes ……”
Kuang Biao was inwardly overjoyed to see that Chen Ping had actually let out big words!
Even if Chen Ping had any other means, to defeat himself in ten minutes would simply be impossible!
At this moment, even the Second Elder relaxed and said with the corners of his mouth raised “Kid, this is what you said, I will take your words as a rule, if you can’t defeat Kuang Biao in ten minutes, then you can kill yourself ……”
“Mr. Chen, you …………”
Fang Shu and Nie Heng and the others all looked at Chen Ping with worry!
Although Nie Heng knew Chen Ping’s true strength, it was somewhat unlikely that he would be able to defeat Kuang Biao in ten minutes!
Chen Ping waved his hand and said, “Don’t worry, it won’t even take ten minutes to deal with this kind of trash ……”