“I don’t know, no one knows where the end of the Southern Domain is, because apart from the Central Domain, the ends of the four major domains in the Celestial Realm, the Southeast, the West, the North and the West, all have barriers that can’t be pierced through at all, so no one knows either.”
“I heard that there was once a great power who had reached the Immortalisation Realm, who had never been able to penetrate the Dao of Immortality, and had no way of ascending to Immortality, so he thought of crossing the barrier to see what exactly is beyond the Celestial Realm, but ended up dying.”
“So for so many years, no one would want to cross that barrier, and no one would want to know what’s beyond the end!”
Elder Sun explained with a smile!
When Chen Ping heard that the end of the Celestial Realm was a barrier, he knew that the entire Celestial Realm could be a space world opened up by a certain Immortal Exalt!
To know that the cosmic stars and rivers, the thousands of worlds, the 36 Heavens, so many worlds, might be nothing more than a game of chess in front of a true master!
He could create countless worlds with his hands and destroy countless worlds with his hands!
Along with the growth of Chen Ping’s strength, he realised that the entire universe of stars and rivers was much more complex than he had imagined!
Chen Ping did not know what kind of strength his father belonged to now!
“Mr Chen, you mustn’t think of trying ah, what I said is true ……”
Seeing Chen Ping’s silence, Elder Sun thought that Chen Ping was curious!
To know that curiosity killed the cat, if Chen Ping really wanted to also go to the end of the Southern Domain to have a look and cross that barrier, it would be really over!
“Don’t worry, Elder Sun, I won’t be foolish enough to test the waters.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Just as Chen Ping and Elder Sun were talking, the blimp slowly landed on top of the Wantong Pavilion’s own sub-pavilion square!
Stepping off the blimp, Chen Ping saw that there were quite a few cultivators travelling through the place, most of which were young cultivators!
The iconic pavilion of the Wantong Pavilion looked very bright in this small border town, and it could also be seen that the Wantong Pavilion’s financial power was indeed great!
“Mr Chen, ever since that Broad Cold Palace had a reception in this South End City, and it is known that all of the disciples of the Broad Cold Palace are as beautiful as fairies, the entire South End City has become a lot more lively.”
“Of course, our Wan Tong Pavilion has also profited a lot from this, in the past, this South End City didn’t have many people.”
Looking at the cultivators that were constantly travelling, Elder Sun lamented!
Chen Ping was a bit puzzled, why did that Broad Cold Palace establish a reception and purposely bring people to Broad Cold Palace?
Could it be that it was just to find Dao Couples for those outer disciples of Guanghan Palace?
Although he was puzzled, Chen Ping did not look deeper into it, he was only here to get the Heavenly Demon Stone, and he could go back after getting the Heavenly Demon Stone, as for why the Guanghan Palace was doing this, Chen Ping did not want to think about it!
Right after Chen Ping and the others stepped down from the blimp, a few people wearing the attire of the Wan Tong Pavilion immediately walked over!
“Elder Sun, it’s been hard, did it go smoothly this time?”
A white-skinned, tall disciple of the Wantong Pavilion asked Elder Sun very politely!
“It’s alright, although there was a little hiccup, it’s not a problem.”
Elder Sun smiled faintly, then glanced around and said “How do I feel that there are quite a few more cultivators in South End City, could it be that Guanghan Palace has produced some more holy maidens to attract people?”
“That’s not it, Guanghan Palace recently spread the news, said it is in the polar region found an immortal fall place, only that place is very dangerous, so Guanghan Palace hopes to be able to find some couples for the outer disciples, and then go to explore together.”
“But this time, Guanghan Palace has set up heavy tests, and only after passing the tests can they pick a Dao couple and head to the polar region, so it attracted a few more people.”
“If I wasn’t in the position of being the head of a sub pavilion of the All Access Pavilion, I would also want to go to the Broad Cold Palace to give it a try. ……”
That Wantong Pavilion disciple said in a joking manner!
When Chen Ping heard this, he then looked carefully at the person in front of him, he didn’t expect that this person, who was so young, would be the head of the Wantong Pavilion’s sub-pavilion now!
No wonder this guy dared to follow Elder Sun and make such jokes!