Only to see that outside of Qi Peijia’s body, his breath was like a gale, instantly surging up!
The sky and earth changed colour with it, the air waves kept surging, and Liu Xueyi beside him was blown back and forth!
“Break …………”
Qi Peijia let out a furious shout and steeply waved his big hand!
He was trying to forcefully break Chen Ping’s formation, in order to break a formation, finding the eye of the formation was the easiest thing to crack!
But Qi Peijia was actually trying to forcefully break the formation, the reason he was doing this was to show his strength in front of Chen Ping!
In the void, a black mist coalesced and quickly transformed into a huge demonic palm!
Along with Qi Peijia’s palm pressing down, that huge palm also fell with a bang!
As this palm fell, the entire void trembled along with it, while Chen Ping frowned slightly as his body instantly unleashed his Unbreakable Golden Body!
Golden light flashed out, forming a golden protective shield around the formation!
“There are still some real skills ……”
Looking at the golden Unbreakable Golden Body on Chen Ping’s body, Qi Peijia evoked a cold smile!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was staring at his face, because this Qi Peijia was too strong, and should at least have the strength of the eighth rank of the Transition Realm!
At such an age, and still being a casual cultivator, yet suddenly possessing such a high level of strength, this was not normal at all!
In the past, Qi Peijia was still no match for Jin Dong, and that was why he was thrown into the Devil Swallowing Cave!
But now, not to mention Jin Dong, I’m afraid even Luo Shou Hai can’t stand up to this guy!
Now it seemed that this Qi Peijia must have had a strange encounter in that Devil Swallowing Cave, but what exactly was the strange encounter, Chen Ping did not know!
It was this encounter that allowed Qi Peijia’s strength to skyrocket in a short period of time!
Qi Peijia slowly raised his hand, and once again, a huge demonic palm coalesced in the void!
Then the second palm fell, and as this palm fell, the ground cracked open, and the spell formation that Chen Ping had laid down instantly went up in smoke!
Liu Xueyi looked at Qi Peijia in shock!
He should know that they used to be at the same level of existence, but now, he was afraid that he wouldn’t even be able to resist one of Qi Peijia’s palms!
Surprisingly, he used his strong strength to directly break open the spell formation!
The moment the spell formation broke open, Chen Ping then shouted “Go …………”
Chen Ping fiercely exerted his force and Luo Xi was directly thrown far away.
Chen Ping had to let Luo Xi escape first, only then would he have no worries.
That Liu Xueyi saw that Luo Xi was going to escape, he hurriedly made a long leap and was going to chase after him!
He could not let Luo Xi escape, this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, he had to catch Luo Xi!
Chen Ping saw that Liu Xueyi was actually going to go after Luo Xi, then his eyes turned cold and his palm swung violently!
“Running Thunder Palm …………”
Chen Ping let out a furious shout!
A large area of black clouds coalesced in the sky, and within the black clouds was even lightning shuttling and rumbling non-stop!
This sudden change made Liu Xueyi freeze, and then he saw the black clouds in the sky coalesce into a huge palm that slapped down towards him!
And within this giant palm, there was also lightning constantly bombarding down!
This can be Liu Xueyi scared, he has never seen this kind of battle ah!
Qi Peijia, who was on the side, saw Chen Ping’s Running Thunder Palm, and his eyes were filled with surprise!
He really couldn’t imagine how Chen Ping, who was nothing more than a first grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, could possibly have this kind of strength?
“Eunuch Qi save me, save me ah ……”
Liu Xueyi yelled, his heart filled with fear!
It was a rare sight to see a third grade cultivator of the Transitional Realm being beaten by a first grade cultivator of the Transitional Realm crying out for help!
With a wave of his palm, Qi Peijia similarly condensed a huge palm and propped it directly above Liu Xueyi’s head.
Boom …………
The two huge palms collided together, instantly stirring up huge wind waves, flying sand and stones like a sandstorm!
Liu Xueyi’s entire body plopped onto the ground, and a mouthful of blood was sprayed out of his mouth!
Although Qi Peijia helped him to block a palm, but the aftermath still shocked Liu Xueyi to be injured lightly!