Kawashima Hiromichi grabbed Xu Changsheng’s neck and then picked him up.
The Pill God Valley elder was not able to resist in the slightest at this moment.
Xu Changsheng’s face turned red as a feeling of suffocation hit him.
“Let go of Elder Xu ……”
Seeing this, the other elder shouted angrily and headed towards that Kawashima Hiroshi.
“Humph, just like you, you dare to yell at our big brother?”
Kawashima Hiroshi snorted coldly and slapped out a palm with his hand, directly killing that elder.
Blood splattered, and this scared the faces of all those Pill God Valley people!
One had to know that these elders were all Martial Sects, but they were directly slapped to death with a single palm, so it was clear how strong these few island warriors were.
“D*mn it ……”
Seeing this, Gu Ling’er directly pulled out a dagger with a flickering cold aura and viciously stabbed towards Kawashima Hiroshi.
Kawashima Hiroshi’s face was filled with disdain and he didn’t even look at Gu Ling’er!
“Second brother, I’ll deal with this flower girl ……”
Kawashima Hirosan made a long leap, followed by a palm chop on Gu Ling’er’s wrist!
Gu Ling’er only felt a numbness on her wrist, and the dagger in her hand fell to the ground.
But then Gu Ling’er’s spiritual power worked and she slapped her palm at Kawashima Hirosan’s shoulder!
Kawashima didn’t even dodge, nor did he make a move, he was just slapped by Gu Ling’er’s palm on his shoulder!
The slap felt like it was hitting a bronze wall, causing a vague pain in her arm.
“Such a beautiful flower girl, it’s not good to use a knife or a gun ……”
Kawashima Hirosan reached out towards Gu Ling’er and grabbed her hand.
Gu Ling’er was startled and her body pulled back sharply, dodging Kawashima Hirosan.
“Old San, it’s important to do the business, when you kill that Chen Ping, you are playing with your woman ……”
Kawashima Hirosan finished and coldly looked at Xu Changsheng in his hand, “Now you just hand over that Chen Ping, I can promise not to make things difficult for you anymore, otherwise no one here will live ……”
Xu Changsheng shook his head, “Our valley master is not here, he is not ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi frowned, “Are you really not afraid of death?”
Xu Changsheng didn’t say anything, but in his firm eyes, one could see out that he was indeed not afraid of death!
“Humph!” Kawashima Hong Yi snorted coldly and sent Xu Changsheng flying with a slap, before casually grabbing an ordinary disciple of Pill God Valley, “I just don’t believe that all of you here are not afraid of death ……”
“I ask you, where is that Chen Ping?”
Kawashima Hiroshi asked to the Pill God Valley ordinary disciple.
“I …… I don’t know …………”
That ordinary disciple of the Pill God Valley was trembling in fear, feeling the aura on Kawashima Hiroshi’s body, and was about to P*ss himself in fear.
But in his fear, he didn’t reveal Chen Ping’s location.
“D*mn, it looks like you all don’t want to live anymore ……”
Kawashima Hiromichi said, casually crushing the head of that ordinary Pill God Valley disciple with his hand.
When Kawashima Hiroshi’s gaze, swept over the others, all of them backed up in fear.
There was no way out, in front of absolute strength, they were lambs to be slaughtered and had no room to resist.
“I ask you all, where is that Chen Ping now? If any of you speak up, I can let him have endless glory and wealth ……”
Kawashima Hiromichi asked to the many Pill God Valley disciples.
Unfortunately, no one spoke up, nor did anyone come forward!
This almost infuriated Kawashima Hiroshi, so he waved his big hand and a terrifying aura swept away.
Rumble …………
With this wave of his hand, a dozen ordinary disciples of Pill God Valley all fell in a pool of blood!
“Remember, if none of you say anything, you will all die ……”
Kawashima Hiroshi roared with a face full of murderous anger.
Xu Changsheng looked at the corpses of the Pill God Valley disciples all over the ground, his face also became extremely complicated, he believed in this Kawashima Hiroshi’s words, if he didn’t hand over Chen Ping, these few island warriors would definitely wash the Pill God Valley in blood.