“Of course, what else would it be for!”Ouyang Xing said with his eyes slightly clenched.
The sunlight sprinkled down on the land of Pill God Island, and the breeze gently brushed past, but it failed to soothe the tense atmosphere at this moment.
“I don’t think it’s necessary, right? You let everyone enter the Pill Cauldron Mountain while you guys don’t, I suspect that there is a conspiracy here.”
Chen Ping’s gaze was firm, and he looked straight at Ouyang Xing without flinching, “You wouldn’t want to take advantage of the Pill Masters’ Conference and then suppress the pill masters of the entire Celestial Realm, wanting to have a monopoly, would you?”
When Ouyang Xing heard Chen Ping’s query, his brows frowned slightly and the smile on his face instantly disappeared.
On the other hand, Ouyang Wufeng, who was on the side, was furious and said loudly, “Fellow Daoist Chen, what evidence do you have to say that my father wanted to suppress the pill masters of the entire Celestial Realm?”
His face flushed red with emotion, “Not only did my father not want to suppress them, he even took the initiative to offer up Pill God Island’s Pill God’s Fallen Land, wanting to allow for even greater development in the field of medicine in the Celestial Realm.”
“Now that our Pill God Island is facing the threat of being overthrown, my father is still adamant about starting a Pill Masters’ Conference and letting everyone go to Pill Cauldron Mountain to benefit from it, and you’re even doubting him.”
“Wufeng ……,” Ouyang Xing hurriedly glared at Ouyang Wufeng, “Shut your mouth and stop talking!”There was a hint of majesty in his voice, trying to stop his son from continuing to argue impulsively.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, looked puzzled, “Threatened with overthrow? What does this mean? Could it be that Pill God Island is going to topple, then wouldn’t all of us die here.”
His eyes were filled with disbelief and scepticism as he stared closely at Ouyang Xing, hoping to get a reasonable explanation from him.
Seeing that Chen Ping was still sceptical, Ouyang Xing let out a light sigh and said, “Since you want to know, I won’t hide it from you!”
His gaze became heavy and serious, “Truth be told, that Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect has also taken a fancy to the Pill God’s Fallen Land on Pill God Island, and they have been wanting to take over Pill God Island!”
Ouyang Xing’s voice trembled slightly, as if recalling that terrifying threat.
“This time, the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect has gathered thousands of disciples to deal a devastating blow to our Pill God Island!”
“It’s estimated that they’ll arrive in three days, that’s why I’ve told the crowd that within three days, they must leave Pill Pot Mountain!”
“Regardless of how many secrets within the Pill Cauldron Mountain are discovered during this Pill Master Conference, it will still be a Kui treasure for the entire Pill Master world.”
“After you all leave, I will destroy the Pill Cauldron Mountain, and even if I do, I won’t let the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect occupy it.”Ouyang Xing’s eyes were filled with determination, as if he was ready to live and die with Pill God Island.
“Sky-Splitting Dharma Sect? That demonic cultivation sect with very strong arts?”At this moment, Liu Ruyan, who was on the side, said with some surprise.
Her face was slightly pale, and she had obviously heard of this sect’s formidable reputation.
“Ruyan, you know about this sect?”Chen Ping turned his head and asked eagerly.
Liu Ruyan nodded and said with a tense expression, “This Zhentian Dharma Sect, is a sect that specialises in arts and crafts, and they are all demonic cultivators, and the disciples of the Zhentian Dharma Sect, each and every one of them is doing nothing wrong, but because their arts and crafts are so strong, many people can’t do anything about them.”
“This Zhentian Dharma Sect doesn’t just specialise in arts, they also know some medical techniques, that’s why they should want to overrun Pill God Island.”
Ruyan Liu’s voice trembled slightly, revealing the fear within.
Ouyang Xing added, “They have coveted the resources of the Medicine God Island for a long time, especially the mysterious power and precious herbs contained in the land of the Medicine God’s fall, that would be of great help to them in improving their arts and medical skills.”
His eyes were filled with worry, “And our Pill God Island has always been known for its medical arts, we are indeed relatively weak in terms of artefact defence.