“Give it to them, the stone is worthless ……”
Chen Ping said again.
Gu Feng still wanted to say something, while Gu Ling’er spoke up angrily, “Still not giving it to someone, you pig brain, you deserve to have someone pit you, so you can remember!”
Gu Feng looked helpless, finally gritting his teeth, he could only throw the stone to that boss Cui, while lowering his head with a disheveled look!
“I told you, this stone is not worth anything, it only has a very thin layer of imperial green, if you cut it a bit more, there will be nothing inside!”
Chen Ping patted Gu Feng’s shoulder and persuaded.
“Really?” Gu Feng asked with a surprised look on his face as he raised his head.
If that was the case, then the stone wouldn’t be worth anything, and he wouldn’t be losing money!
“Of course it’s true!” Chen Ping smiled lightly.
That boss Cui also heard Chen Ping’s words and sneered, “I’ve been playing with gambling stones for decades, am I not as discerning as you, a hairy kid in his early twenties, with this kind of colour, at least three pieces of material can come out!”
“If you don’t believe me, you can cut another piece and see!” Chen Ping said to that boss Cui.
When the people around him heard this, they too became interested and shouted, “One more cut to see!”
“Good, then I’ll make a cut!”
Boss Cui said and gave the stone to his men, who then skillfully cut the stone again.
But after the cut, there was really nothing inside, no green at all could be seen.
At this moment, everyone froze, and that boss Cui was also wide-eyed with some disbelief!
“Keep cutting ……”
Boss Cui yelled at his men.
Soon, another cut was made and still nothing was there.
In the end, the whole stone was cut into thin slices, and the result was just that thin layer of imperial green, nothing could come out of the material, it was a scrap, worthless!
At this moment, Boss Cui was dumbfounded, and everyone around him looked at Chen Ping in shock!
“Hahahaha, cool, too cool, hurry up and return the deposit to me ……”
Gu Feng laughed excitedly, if Chen Ping hadn’t come, he would probably have lost money again this time.
Boss Cui gave Chen Ping a vicious glare before looking at Gu Feng and said, “Our shop’s rules, the deposit is non-refundable, you can pick a stone inside!”
“I don’t want it, I can’t trust your shop now, return the deposit to me ……”
Gu Feng doesn’t want to gamble on stones in their house anymore!
“I said, the deposit is non-refundable, either you pick a raw stone or leave ……”
Boss Cui said with a domineering face.
“You ……” Gu Feng was just about to get angry, but he was stopped by Chen Ping!
“Is this 100,000, able to pick any original stone in there?” Chen Ping asked.
“Of course, inside this pile, you can pick as many as you like!” Boss Cui said as he pointed to the pile of raw stones behind him.
Chen Ping swept a glance at the stones and secretly shook his head, because there was no imperial green in there at all, not even an ice seed stone.
But when Chen Ping’s eyes swept aside the pile of stones that were messily packed into his pockets, his body shook slightly!
“Are the stones over there also randomly picked?” Chen Ping asked as he pointed at the messy pile of stones.
“Those are all opened waste stones, if you want to pick them, 10,000 yuan a piece, pick them at will ……”
Boss Cui said after taking a look.
“Brother-in-law, those are all opened waste stones, there won’t be anything good.”
Gu Feng hurriedly persuaded Chen Ping.
These were all stones that had been opened, but they had all only been opened once and then left open, directly for the gambling shop to buy back at a fairly cheap price, if a stone had been opened after three or four cuts, then there would be no residual value at all!
Chen Ping ignored Gu Feng, but walked straight over and picked through the pile of waste stones!
Soon, Chen Ping picked out ten pieces of waste stones. Looking at those stones that had been cut, Gu Feng sighed for a moment, feeling that his hundred thousand dollars had gone down the drain.