Seeing how calm Chen Ping was, that Feng Clan Patriarch acted as if he had been greatly insulted, his fists came out in unison and his terrifying qi once again strengthened by a few points, directly wrapping Chen Ping around him as if he wanted to crush him!
“It’s too weak …………”
Chen Ping shook his head!
Suddenly, Chen Ping’s right foot gently stomped, and a ma*sive force spread out in all directions with him as the centre, while the entire person of that clan master instantly felt a mountainous force coming at him, and his entire face instantly changed!
The Feng family’s master tried to dodge, but it was too late. The tremendous impact caused the master to fly backwards like a kite with a broken string, and then he fell heavily to the ground, motionless and silent!
A sect master expert, just like that, died, not even doing a single move next, this made that Feng Yi’s face instantly become grave, even that Master Ma couldn’t help but frown!
“Good, fantastic …………”
Song Zu De saw this and shouted out in joy straight away, he really didn’t expect that Chen Ping had such a skill!
“Old Song, you have such an expert by your side, why have you been hiding it?”
Liu Chengyin asked to Song Zude.
Song Zu De looked embarra*sed and didn’t know how to answer because he didn’t even know that Chen Ping had such a skill!
“Dad, all this you should believe that Chen Ping is the one who saved me, right? Let me tell you, last night at the restaurant, that bullet that was shot out was directly caught by Chen Ping, otherwise that bullet would have come running towards me!”
Song Tie told Song Zu De what happened last night after him!
Song Zu De was full of astonishment, but his heart was also filled with a burst of fear, this if Chen Ping had not been by Song Tie’s side, then wouldn’t Song Tie have been hit by a bullet?
“Today with Mr. Chen, heaven will not kill my Song family, hahaha …………”
Song Zu De laughed recklessly!
To be able to catch a bullet with his empty hand, such a skill is afraid that he could become an immortal, who else could be an enemy?
Seeing Song Zu De laughing, Feng Yi’s face was ugly to the extreme!
“Master Ma, thank you, I want this kid in pieces!”
Feng Yi said through clenched teeth.
“Good!” Grandmaster Ma stepped forward and looked at Chen Ping coldly, “At such a young age, you have developed such skills, if you leave now, I can spare your life!”
“Are you afraid that you are not a match for me? If you are afraid, you can get lost, and I can also not kill you, after all, to be able to practice both arts and martial arts, you are not easy!”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Kid, what are you saying? I’m afraid?” Grandmaster Ma’s face instantly became furious, “I tell you, even if you are now a Grand Master, you are still unbeatable in my eyes, for within my spell formation, I am the master!”
Grandmaster Ma said, his eyes flipped violently, turning white again, and his black eyeballs were gone in an instant!
“You know spell formations, it just so happens that I know some as well, so how about I play spell formations with you?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“What? You are also a dual practitioner of arts and martial arts?” Grandmaster Ma was stunned!
“Grandmaster Ma, don’t listen to this kid’s bragging, he hasn’t even grown all his hair yet, how could he know that much!”
Feng Yi warned from the sidelines!
Upon hearing this, Grandmaster Ma felt that it made sense, so he drew his hands in front of his chest and a burst of white smoke rose up and instantly surrounded Chen Ping!
Immediately afterwards the smoke began to fill up, getting thicker and thicker, and immediately afterwards both Chen Ping and that Master Ma’s figure were enveloped, so that no one outside could see them at all!
“Trouble …………”
When Song ZuDe saw this, he couldn’t help but feel a shock in his heart!
He knew that this Grandmaster Ma was highly skilled in magic, and in such a mist again, Chen Ping could not see that Grandmaster Ma at all, so how could he still follow him in a fight?