“I killed the spirit rhinoceros beasts?”
The Yin Demon looked at the corpses of the Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts on the ground and was confused himself, “I didn’t kill these Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts ah, I’ve been cultivating in the cave and have never left, how could I have killed these Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts?”
“And if I kill so many Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts, won’t I attract the attention of the Spirit Beast Valley, and then where would I still be able to meditate?”
Chen Ping looked at Yin Demon’s appearance and knew that Yin Demon must have been cultivating when a wisp of breath passed through the spell formation and arrived in the Spirit Beast Valley!
Because the wisp of breath was weak, no one noticed it, but the Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts, which were very sensitive to breath, were attracted by the wisp of breath and came to the Undead Spirit Valley in droves!
Then the large amount of Yin Demon Qi in the Undead Spirit Valley caused the Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts to be unable to withstand it and died in droves!
“It seems that Senior Yin Demon was also unintentional, but with so many Spirit Rhinoceros Beasts dying in the Spirit Beast Valley, it will also definitely get to the bottom of this.”
Chen Ping said!
“You can’t let the people from Spirit Beast Valley come in and disturb my purification, I’m in a stage of rapid recovery right now, I can’t be disturbed.”
“Not to mention that if we leave this place, there is no place where we can find such a rich Yin Fiend Qi!”
The Yin Demon did not want to leave this place and could only ask Chen Ping to think of a way to stop the Spirit Beast Valley’s people from coming in to investigate!
“I’ll figure it out, I’ll just find an excuse when the time comes.”
Chen Ping said, taking out the clock from his storage ring, “Senior Yin Demon, take a look at this thing do you recognise it?Do you know how to use it?”
Yin Devil took that clock and after taking a look at it, he asked with slight surprise in his eyes, “Where did you get this thing from?”
“I bought it, from a middle-aged man.”
Chen Ping said truthfully!
“This is a time magic artefact, but looking at the current situation, this magic artefact should have been damaged, otherwise it wouldn’t have turned into stone-like.”
“This kind of time magic weapon, if you want to use it, you need to sense the time origin yourself before you can do so.”
Yin Demon explained!
“Time Origin?”Chen Ping stared blankly!
Yin Demon, on the other hand, did not speak, but instead held the clock in one hand, and suddenly a light flashed in his hand!
Immediately after that, the clock also flashed with light, and the hands of the clock, which had not moved at all, suddenly jumped a little!
In a matter of a split second, the clock once again changed back to its stone form!
However, when Chen Ping was filled with shock and was ready to follow the Yin Demon’s words, he found that the Yin Demon did not know when, but had already arrived in front of the cave entrance halfway up the mountain!
At this, Chen Ping’s face was filled with incredulity as he leapt in front of the Yin Demon!
“Senior Yin Demon, do you …… you know how to instantly move, how is it that in the blink of an eye, you have arrived here?”
Chen Ping asked with great surprise!
“This strength of mine right now, back to a fart of instantaneous transfer, I just launched this time magic weapon, in fact, what you thought was an instant, a long time has long passed.”
Yin Demon smiled faintly, then picked up a stone and threw it towards the bottom of the mountain, the stone landed vertically and quickly!
But along with the rotation of the clock in the Yin Demon’s hand, Chen Ping found that the speed of that stone’s descent had actually slowed down, very, very slowly, like blood flowers floating down!
But it was only a matter of a split second, after the clock in the Yin Demon’s hand became immobile again, the stone smashed hard on top of the ground!
“What did you see?”Yin Demon asked!
“Slowed down, as if time has slowed down, the speed of that stone has also slowed down ……”
Chen Ping said in surprise!
“This is the power of the time magic weapon, but this magic weapon has a cripple, it is estimated that it will not be used for much longer, but after you have sensed the time origin and truly cultivated the time arts, these things can be done without the use of a magic weapon.”
“Moreover, this magic weapon used to be used by that old guy, Wind Demon Head, I just opened it and felt his aura.”
Yin Demon followed Chen Ping and said!