Chen Ping saw that the canyon was densely packed with demonic beasts, all of which had one characteristic, namely snow-white fur, lying down in the snow, making them hard to spot!
These demonic beasts did not notice Chen Ping, and each one seemed to be lazily sleeping. Along with Chen Ping going deeper into the canyon, suddenly a head-sized stone in the middle of the canyon caught his attention!
He saw that the stone was surrounded by mist, and there were several demonic beasts that were feeding on the stone!
Chen Ping lowered his body and took a closer look, and his eyes lit up with light!
This was not a stone at all, but a fragment of ice spirit, such a big piece of ice spirit fragment, I wonder how much energy it contains!
Chen Ping’s breath began to catch, he couldn’t wait to rush down and pick up that ice spirit fragment right away!
No wonder there were so many demonic beasts in this canyon, it turned out that these demonic beasts were all relying on the energy of the ice spirit fragment for food.
Chen Ping watched carefully for a while, trying hard to restrain the excitement in his heart, and then slowly retreated back!
Although Chen Ping had been very careful and had concealed his scent, he was still spotted by a five-metre tall ice bear monster!
This ice bear monster looked like the leader of these demonic beasts, and was at the peak of the Harmonious Body realm, with his eyes fixed on the direction where Chen Ping had disappeared!
Although the ice bear monster was still in the body of a demonic beast and hadn’t taken human form, its eyes were glowing with wisdom!
Chen Ping did not dare to use his divine sense to probe, so he did not discover that there were still demonic beasts at the peak of the Combined Body realm in this canyon.
“Mr. Chen, how is it?”
Seeing Chen Ping return, Wajang hurriedly asked!
“In this canyon, it turns out that there are ice spirit fragments, and they are not small in size, no wonder these demonic beasts are gathering in this canyon!”
Chen Ping said with a look of excitement!
“Mr. Chen, even if there is an Ice Soul Fragment, but with so many demonic beasts guarding it, there is no way for us to get it!”
“And maybe there are even stronger demonic beasts in here, I think it’s better for us to take a detour to find the treasure!”
Wajang suggested!
But at this moment, Chen Ping’s heart itched, such a big ice spirit fragment, if we didn’t get it, it would be a waste!
“If I don’t try and just leave like this, I’m afraid I’ll regret it.”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Mr. Chen, you must not be impulsive, although I know you are very strong, but there are hundreds and thousands of demonic beasts in here, and I don’t know if there are any demonic beasts above the Combined Body realm, if we piss off these demonic beasts, no one will be able to escape.”
Wajang saw that Chen Ping actually wanted to try, so he hurriedly said!
This is no joke, try it if you want to, it’s a game of life!
“Don’t worry, even if we try, we have to be prepared for anything, even if we can’t get that Ice Soul Fragment, we can’t risk our lives!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Seeing that Chen Ping was adamant about trying, the tile jar said nothing more!
After a moment of contemplation, Chen Ping spread out his divine sense and headed towards the canyon!
Chen Ping knew that stealing the Ice Pillar Fragment was out of the question, so he was not afraid of disturbing the demonic beasts with his divine sense!
As Chen Ping’s divine sense spread, the demonic beasts began to stir and roar!
And under Chen Ping’s divine sense, the ice bear monster at the peak of the Harmony Realm was instantly discovered by Chen Ping. When Chen Ping discovered the ice bear monster at the peak of the Harmony Realm, his heart couldn’t help but sink!
It seemed that these demonic beasts were really strong, but Chen Ping would not give up now that it had come to this!
So Chen Ping’s divine sense continued to spread out, and the whole canyon became clearer for Chen Ping to see!