The Divine Pattern Ancestor shook his head and said, ‘It’s fine, it’s fortunate that this brat has put all of his energy into the fusion of the formation patterns, otherwise I would have definitely been injured as well.’
‘This guy doesn’t look like he’s at a high realm, but he’s really ruthless in his strikes.’
‘You shouldn’t be teaching him magic patterns in the future, let him practise his divine patterns and then practice his magic patterns, if he cultivates both at once, he’ll definitely have to get into more accidents!’
‘Although this kid’s talent is exceptional, his strength is still too poor to withstand it all at once, if he is forcibly fusing them, maybe the whole person will be ruined.’
‘But for this guy to be able to fuse the Divine Patterns and Demonic Patterns into one, making the two types of formations not repel, is already pretty good.’
‘Perhaps the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation will really be counting on this kid to open it ……’
‘I see!’ The Formation Demon nodded!
Although the two people were constantly fighting and neither one was convinced of the other, they still had feelings at critical moments!
Formation Devil still listened to the words of this senior brother!
Now that the two were trapped in the Celestial Realm for so many years, they were the only ones who were closest to them!
Not knowing how long had passed, Chen Ping slowly opened his eyes, recalling the state he was in when he fused the formation patterns, Chen Ping was in a state of shock!
‘Kid, you almost went off the deep end, what is this divine pattern, can the demonic pattern’s even peep into the Heavenly Dao, making your mind unstable and almost going off the deep end?’
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch didn’t understand what divine pattern, magic pattern, so he opened his mouth and said!
‘Not really peeping into the Heavenly Dao, but it’s also like opening up a new world, only I’m not strong enough right now, and I almost went off the deep end.’
‘When I am strongest enough, I will be able to change all things!’
Although Chen Ping was a little scared, he was still very happy in his heart!
‘Hahaha, when you ascend to the Heavenly Realm, the new worlds you open up will be even more ……’
The Red Cloud Demon Lord laughed out loud, and his laughter seemed to carry a few hints of mockery.
After all, to him, Chen Ping was like a frog in the bottom of a well!
Chen Ping was not angry at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s mockery, after all, this old fellow did have the strength to mock himself!
‘Senior brother, you’re awake, Master told me to take you to him when you wake up!’
White Chicory saw that Chen Ping had woken up and said!
Chen Ping nodded and got up to follow White Chicory!
Soon Chen Ping was brought to a thatched hut, this was not the same thatched hut where Chen Ping had condensed his innate divine pattern!
The thatched hut here was obviously more luxurious, with all sorts of furniture for living inside!
Before even walking into the thatched hut, Chen Ping could smell the aroma of wine!
‘Senior, senior brother has woken up, I’ve brought him here.’
White Chicory said outside the thatched hut.
He did not dare to just walk inside the house!
‘Let him come in!’ The voice of the Godly Tattooed Ancestor rang out!
Chen Ping walked in and found that the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor followed by that Formation Demon was sitting at the table drinking, and there were a few plates of small dishes on the table for the two of them!
It looked very cosy, but for cultivators of their strength, drinking and eating dishes would be a bit too much of a waste of time!
It was important to know that time was very important to every cultivator in the Celestial Realm, and if they wanted to ascend to Immortality, they had to cultivate desperately!
Eating would be a waste of time for them!
Not to mention having the leisure to drink and chat!
‘Sit down and have a drink together ……’
The Divine Ripple Ancestor beckoned towards Chen Ping and said!
Chen Ping was not polite and directly sat down at the table before pouring himself a cup of wine!
A rich spiritual aura, accompanied by the aroma of wine filled the room, causing the entire inside of the room to be filled with spiritual aura!
This odour alone told him that this was definitely good wine, and it was also a high-level spirit wine!
‘This wine is a good thing for you, it was carefully brewed using various immortal herbs.’
The Formation Demon said to Chen Ping!