Hearing Chen Ping’s shameful laughter, the two men became furious and all roared towards Chen Ping!
“Kid, you dare to laugh at the two of us, looking for death ……”
“I will kill you and cut you into pieces ……”
The Golden Fury and the Fire Fury roared as daoist auras continued to surge from their hands!
But Chen Ping was facing the two men, surprisingly motionless, his eyes full of disdain, as if he couldn’t even look at the two men!
Seeing Chen Ping’s expression, the two men became even more furious!
Boom …………
The two men attacked together, and a deafening sound erupted!
For a moment, the earth shook and the mountains shook, and the void trembled!
And in looking at that Chen Ping, but suddenly he disappeared, this desperate attack of theirs did not hurt Chen Ping at all!
“Is this …… Could this last one also be a fake?”
Fire Fury frowned, his face full of incomprehension!
“How could this be, are these all illusions, are they all illusions that we have created?”
The Golden Fury kept rubbing his eyes, but there was no shadow of Chen Ping, nor was there a corpse of Chen Ping!
This time, both of them were dumbfounded, they really couldn’t understand how Chen Ping had suddenly disappeared.
In fact, these were not illusions, but real doppelgangers with Chen Ping’s aura!
That was why they both felt so real!
But Chen Ping knew he was no match, so he did not use his doppelganger to resist!
All the spiritual energy consumed by the split body was also consumed by Chen Ping’s original body, so Chen Ping didn’t resist, but his original body quietly fled!
“Damn it, I can’t believe I let him get away, I’m really pissed off ……”
The Fire Fury gritted his teeth with a look of anger!
Just then, the rest of the Five Elemental Heavenly Furies received Fire Fury’s message and rushed over!
“Where is everyone?” Wood Fury asked when he came over and found that there was no one there!
Neither the Golden Fury nor the Fire Fury said anything, wouldn’t they be laughed at if this got out!
Not only had the two of them failed to stop the man, they had even let Chen Ping get away in the end!
Two people couldn’t even stop a small cultivator of the fourth rank of the Harmonious Body Realm!
“The men have all run away, let’s continue the chase ……”
After finishing his sentence, the Golden Fury chased in the direction where the people had fled!
Seeing this, the others also followed closely behind!
On the other hand, Ji Yun and Old Sun slowed down after they had escaped some distance away!
They were all deliberately waiting for Chen Ping, and in the end simply stopped!
“Can Mr. Chen escape alone?”
Ji Yun said with some concern!
“There should be no problem, since he told us to go first, there must be a way.”
Old Sun believed in Chen Ping.
But having said that, Old Sun had a few moments of worry on his face as he kept looking backwards!
Many cultivators had also spontaneously stopped, waiting for Chen Ping to catch up!
After this period of contact, these cultivators all knew that the only way to have a good chance of surviving was to follow Chen Ping!
“Look, Mr. Chen ……”
At this moment, Gao Qisheng saw a figure and immediately shouted out after realising it was Chen Ping!
The crowd all acted excited when they saw it was Chen Ping!
“Mr. Chen, I didn’t expect that you had really escaped.”
Ji Yun said happily when he saw this!
“Why did you all stop and not leave?” Chen Ping was surprised!
“Brother Chen, we were worried about your safety, that’s why we waited for you.”
Old Sun said!
“Let’s go, in a moment that Five Elemental Heavenly Furies will catch up with us again, let’s find a hidden place to recover our strength first.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and led the group to continue running forward!
Chen Ping had led these people for an unknown amount of time, but he still hadn’t found the kind of aura that Chen Ping was familiar with, when Chen Ping had met the old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan inside the thatched hut, that kind of aura was radically different from the aura of this old devil now!
Now that Chen Ping had found that different aura, he might be able to find the old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan!