“No, no one can enter the dungeon within the Alliance, especially not Su Yuqi, the senior management has ordered that no one is allowed to move!”
Zhu Zhishan refused in one breath!
Su Yuqi was a precious treasure within the Martial Alliance, the great power had personally given the word, if Zhu Zhishan had 10,000 guts, he wouldn’t dare to disobey the words of the great power!
“What did you say?”
Long Xiao’s face turned cold, and the power of his body’s oppression showed through!
Zhu Zhishan felt a tightness in his chest, but he still didn’t dare to agree to Long Xiao’s request!
“Now I am in charge of the Martial Alliance, those who obey me will prosper and those who disobey me will die ……”
As soon as Long Xiao reached out, a huge suction force instantly grabbed Zhu Zhishan in his hand!
Zhu Zhishan’s body was trembling, he could clearly feel the strong killing intent on Long Xiao’s body!
But even so, Zhu Zhishan didn’t dare to disobey the great power!
Zhu Zhishan knew that if he didn’t listen to Long Xiao, he would be dead at most!
But if he offended the great power, it would be worse than death, and he was afraid that he would have to suffer for eternity ……
“Long Xiao, I advise you to stop now, it’s not too late, the Martial Alliance is not what you see, the true strength of the Martial Alliance, you have not even seen it ……”
Zhu Zhishan said to Long Xiao.
“Humph, I am now a Grand Martial Marquis, a Grand Martial Marquis who has suffered a lightning tribulation, who can be my enemy?”
Long Xiao’s face was full of rampant fury, his eyes had long since tolerated no one!
Zhu Zhishan looked at Long Xiao’s rampant appearance, and did not know what to say.
However, he would never take Long Xiao to the dungeon.
“Zhu Zhishan, aren’t you afraid of death?”
Long Xiao looked at Zhu Zhishan’s look and frowned!
“I am afraid of death, but if I take you to the dungeon, it will be worse than death ……”
Zhu Zhishan slowly closed his eyes.
“Good, since you don’t listen, what’s the use of keeping you ……”
After Long Xiao finished speaking, a black mist rose from the palm of his hand, followed by a huge suction force, but it sucked the strength from Zhu Zhishan’s body!
The company’s main business is to provide a wide range of products and services to its customers.
At this moment, Zhu Zhishan’s mind actually flashed to Chen Ping’s figure!
The corners of his mouth lifted and he smiled to himself.
He had always regarded Chen Ping as a thorn in his side, and had always feared that his life would end at Chen Ping’s hands!
But to his surprise, Chen Ping had not killed him, and it was Long Xiao who had killed him!
“Maybe Chen Ping is still in Kyoto and can follow this Long Xiao to have a fight?”
Zhu Zhishan was thinking wildly in his mind!
Slowly, Zhu Zhishan’s thoughts began to slow down as his body grew weaker and weaker, and he knew that the last moment of his life had come!
Soon, Zhu Zhishan was not breathing at all and his whole body became like a dry corpse!
This was the end of a generation of the League of Martial Arts, which had come to this end ……
After sucking up Zhu Zhishan’s strength, Long Xiao licked his lips in satisfaction, and the sharpness in his eyes became a few points better!
The others looked at Zhu Zhishan who had turned into a dry corpse, and each of them lowered their heads in fear, not even daring to breathe!
“This is what happens if you don’t listen, you all remember ……”
Long Xiao swept a glance at the crowd.
The crowd could only nod their heads, not daring to speak!
Long Xiao, on the other hand, went straight to the backyard of the Martial Union, looking at the false mountain, he knew that this was the entrance!
But the dungeon must be protected by a formation, Long Xiao would have to break the formation to get in!
“Hmph, a mere formation, it can still stop me ……”
Long Xiao was swollen to the core at this moment, as a Grand Martial Marquis, or the only Grand Martial Marquis to suffer a lightning tribulation, Long Xiao stated that he wasn’t even afraid!
Only to see Long Xiao slowly raise his hand, a black Qi condensed above his palm.
And then the black Qi transformed into a huge palm, and a pervasive aura filled the sky.
This huge hand enveloped the entire fake mountain.
Boom!
Long Xiao pushed his palm forward, and that bitterly cold and incomparable aura instantly slapped towards the false mountain!