“Ahh …………”
Yue Buqun fell to the ground and started screaming in pain!
“Master, Master ……”
Liu Rui was so frightened that her face was pale and she kept calling out for Yue Buqun!
And Liu Xing saw this, his heart was even more ruthless, he had already decided that Chen Ping was harming his master, so he struck out even more ruthlessly!
Chen Ping looked at Yue Buqun and also frowned: “Am I wrong?”
“Kid, if anything happens to my master, I will never let you walk out of the Pure Yang Sect.”
Liu Xing’s face was full of anger and he slammed his fist into Chen Ping!
Chen Ping didn’t have the time to waste in following Liu Xing’s fight at this moment, he reached out and caught Liu Xing’s fist directly with a Peng sound!
“There is something odd about the evil spirit within your master, let me go over and take a look ……”
Chen Ping said coldly to Liu Xing.
“This is all because of you, how dare you go over there ……”
Liu Xing looked at Chen Ping angrily, but the fist that was smashed out, was being grabbed by Chen Ping, and he couldn’t even retract it!
Liu Xing is also a Martial God, although he is not inferior to Tong You Gong, but he is not so bad as to be grabbed by Chen Ping, a small Martial Saint, and cannot move his fist!
But just as Liu Xing was about to swing at Chen Ping with his other fist, he was kicked away by Chen Ping!
A Martial God was teased by Chen Ping like this.
“I’m going to fight you ……”
Feeling that he had suffered a great humiliation, Liu Xing exploded his entire body’s powerful qi, and the terrifying powerful qi directly caused the house to start trembling violently!
“If you want your master to die, then go ahead and do it ……”
Chen Ping looked at Liu Xing angrily and said coldly.
“Senior brother, Master is dying, dying ……”
Liu Rui cried out, her hands and feet at a loss!
Liu Xing hurriedly pounced over, “Master, Master, hold on, I will take you to the Pill Refining Sect, no matter how much it costs, I will make the Pill Refining Sect save you ……”
With that, Liu Xing was about to carry Yue Buqun and leave for the Pill Refining Sect!
“If you take your master away now, then he will really be hopeless, it is better to let me take a look ……”
Chen Ping said to Liu Xing.
“My master has been harmed by you like this, and you still want to look at it?”
At this moment, Liu Rui also looked at Chen Ping angrily and shouted!
As far as they were concerned, Yue Buqun being like this was all caused by taking the Qi Expelling Pill Chen Ping had made!
“If I want to harm your master, why do I have to …………”
Chen Ping wanted to explain, but he found Yue Buqun’s face was black and blue, a black mist shrouding his forehead!
He knew there was no time left, a golden light flashed on his fingers, followed by a flick, and several golden lights struck into Yue Buqun’s body!
Just after the golden light had entered Yue Buqun’s body, Chen Ping’s brow furrowed once again!
“There is indeed something odd, this evil spirit’s Qi actually contains a residual soul inside ……”
After saying this, Chen Ping’s mouth recited a few words.
Accompanied by a miserable cry from Yue Buqun, immediately afterwards, a black mist flew out from Yue Buqun’s mouth.
The black mist filled almost the entire room, instantly making it impossible for the crowd to see what was in front of them!
“Quickly take your master out, hurry up ……”
Chen Ping bellowed loudly calendar.
Liu Xing and Liu Rui looked at the black fog Yue Buqun spat out and were somewhat bewildered, until Chen Ping yelled, they reacted and rushed out of the room with Yue Buqun!
And at this moment, the black mist surrounded Chen Ping and slowly transformed into a human figure!
“Little remnant soul, how dare you make waves ……”
Chen Ping said with a cold snort.
The figure looked at Chen Ping and surprisingly laughed: “A little Martial Saint, how dare you force me out, you really do have the arrogance to do so!”
“But even if I am only a wisp of a remnant soul at this moment, it would only be a matter of raising my hand to kill you!”
“In my eyes, you are nothing more than a mole ……”
“A mole?” Chen Ping smiled coldly, “But you were forced out by this mole, does this mean that you are even worse than a mole?”