“Okay!”Xiao Feng nodded and then left with Chen Ping!
After Chen Ping and Xiao Feng left, Yu Wenqiang then walked over to Xiao Yuan Shan and said, “Your Majesty, I think that the attack from that Demon Sealing Alliance will be coming very soon, we should make preparations early!”
“Good, you pass down the order for all cultivators above the eighth rank of the Transition Realm within the entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty to converge here in the Imperial City.”
Xiao Yuanshan said!
After all, after following the Demon Sealing Alliance’s declaration of war, it would not be a solo battle, and the Demon Sealing Alliance’s strength was not weak, so Xiao Yuanshan ordered all cultivators above the eighth grade of the Transitional Appearance Realm to converge on the Imperial City!
If the strength was too low, even if they came in more than one person, they would just be cannon fodder and increase casualties for nothing.
“Your Majesty, is …… that Cangwolf City still notified?”
Yu Wenqiang asked in a low voice!
By the looks of it, this Yu Wenqiang knew about the existence of Cangwolf City’s Xiao Jian!
Xiao Yuanshan was silent for a moment, then nodded his head and said, “Notification, all the cultivators above the eighth rank of the Transition Realm in Cangwolf City must all come to the Imperial City as well.”
“Must, if this is the case, then the first and second emperors can meet up, and then I’m afraid ……”
Yu Wenqiang did not dare to continue!
After all, Xiao Feng still didn’t even know that he had a younger brother that existed, he had always thought that Xiao Yuan Shan was the only son he had!
“What should be known, sooner or later, is to be known, I have already sealed Feng’s son as the Crown Prince, sooner or later, this Xiao Dynasty will be his.”
“As for that Xiao Jian, I will speak to him properly, I hope he doesn’t hate me as a father.”
Xiao Yuan Shan said!
“Your Majesty, I hope that you will think twice, how many dynasties have fallen on princes vying for the throne, if we let the second prince return to the city at this time, if the second prince is disgruntled at that time, then it will cause us to be trapped internally and externally.”
“With the Demon Sealing Alliance on the outside and the Second Prince on the inside, I’m afraid that the Great Prince won’t be able to control the situation at all ……”
Feather Wenqiang still had his own strengths when he was able to become the Prime Minister!
The things he was considering did affect the safety and security of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Don’t worry, if that Xiao Jian has the intention of plotting a rebellion, I will definitely kill him with my own hands.”
“This time, following the battle of the Demon Sealing Alliance, you have to assist Feng’er more before you can do so, he has been insane for so many years, and I also have to rely on this battle to let him establish his prestige before he can do so.”
Xiao Yuanshan’s painful declaration of war after the Demon Sealing Alliance was also partly due to this consideration, not entirely because of Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, Your Majesty, with my breath, I will never let anything happen to the Grand Prince.”
Yu Wenqiang hurriedly stated!
“That’s good!”Xiao Yuanshan smiled faintly and then left!
Fei Wenqiang, on the other hand, was busy, the entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty possessed dozens of cities and pools, how many cultivators above the eighth rank of the Transition Realm there were in the entire Xiao Imperial Dynasty, he himself didn’t even know!
On the other hand, Chen Ping, after following Xiao Feng around, returned to his room, which at this time was filled with various cultivation resources!
Only Chen Ping wasn’t in much of a mood to cultivate, he didn’t know what strength Xiao Huang Chao was, and even more so, he didn’t know what strength the Demon Sealing Alliance was!
If Xiao Dynasty ended up shattering the mountains and rivers for his own sake, Chen Ping would definitely not be able to bear it in his heart!
After much thought, Chen Ping decided to leave the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
However, he did not take Ji Yun along with him, but instead let Ji Yun stay in Xiao Dynasty for the time being!
After all, the cultivation resources of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were sufficiently abundant, and it would also allow Ji Yun to focus on his cultivation!
Chen Ping himself was not burdened, and when the time came, it would be easier to evade the pursuit of the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Chen Ping left the Xiao Imperial Dynasty without telling Xiao Feng because he knew that Xiao Feng would definitely not let him leave!
However, just as Chen Ping had left the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, that Patriarch Zhou with his Heavenly Fury and Heavenly Luo had already discovered him!
The three of them had not left and had been guarding the outside of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Sovereign, what does that Chen Ping mean? To dare to leave the Xiao Imperial Dynasty alone at this time, is he looking for death?”
Tian Luo asked in great confusion!