‘Who are you cursing?’ The Red Cloud Demon Monarch got angry: ‘How dare you take the old man’s Heaven Swallowing Beast and follow the Five Elemental Beasts to compare them, the Five Elemental Beasts are nothing more than ordinary demonic beasts in the Heavenly Realm.’
‘I this Heaven Swallowing Beast a sneeze, let the Five Elements Beast grey smoke, this Mu family ancestor although for the heavenly realm, but in the heavenly realm strength should not be strong, belongs to the kind of the lowest level of loose immortal just.’
‘But even if it’s the most rubbish demonic beast in the Heavenly Realm, it’s not something you can deal with right now.’
‘Luckily, this Five Elemental Beast is merely an illusion, not the Five Elemental Beast itself, so it shouldn’t be too difficult to deal with!’
Hearing the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s words, Chen Ping’s head buzzed!
It seemed that this was even a descending blow, an ordinary demonic beast in the Heavenly Realm, to the Celestial Realm that would be a top tier existence!
A lowest level loose immortal in the Heavenly Realm, even if he was injured, could branch out and become a huge family when he arrived in the Celestial Realm!
It’s just that I don’t know if this Mu Family ancestor is dead or has returned to the Heavenly Realm!
If he was still alive and living in the Mu Family, then Chen Ping would simply kill himself!
With his strength, it would be difficult for him to cope with the Mahayana realm, let alone deal with the Immortals of the Heavenly Realm!
Right at this moment, the five elemental beasts had already launched their attack!
On the ground, a pillar of earth rose high, causing Chen Ping’s figure to instantly reach mid-air!
Immediately after that, a wall of water appeared all around, surrounding Chen Ping tightly!
At the same time, countless vines and branches in mid-air, such as from hundreds of thousands of tentacles, towards Chen Ping entangled!
There was even a blazing flame mixed with the sound of golden tones, wrapping Chen Ping up!
‘Mr Chen …………’
Bing Lu could not help but shout out when she saw this scene!
The faces of all the Saint Maidens were all grave, they could also sense that the demonic beasts that this Mu Naiyi had conjured up were all very powerful!
‘Ai, an unseen demonic beast, most likely does not belong to the Celestial Realm, this is difficult for Daoist Chen.’
‘This can’t be a Heavenly Realm demonic beast, can it? Each one has its own five elements, this would be terrifying if it could merge.’
‘Mahayana realm strength, in being able to manifest a Heaven realm demonic beast, this time there is no suspense.’
Ouyang Zhenhua and the others saw this scene and knew that Chen Ping was finished!
Mu Naiyi looked at the scene in front of him, his eyes filled with anger and unwillingness!
In order for Chen Ping to die, Mu Naiyi had sort of given everything!
She herself knew that after Chen Ping’s death, she herself was afraid that she would not live long, she had used all of her cards, and even sacrificed her own life, which made the Five Elemental Beasts to be conjured up!
But as long as she could kill Chen Ping, everything was enough, Chen Ping’s humiliation of her made living a burden!
As the eldest Miss of the Mu Family, being seen by all the people, she had no face to live!
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have followed Chen Ping to the same death!
The Five Elements Beasts were constantly attacking Chen Ping, while Chen Ping was trapped, with no way to escape!
But just when they all thought that Chen Ping would surely die!
Suddenly, a black shadow appeared in mid-air. A black shadow appeared, followed by the black shadow getting bigger and bigger!
It was only then that the crowd realised that it was a large bell!
There was even a dragon circling around the bell!
Everyone was stunned, not understanding how a big bell suddenly appeared here!
And what was this big bell for!
Just like that, under the watchful eyes of the crowd, the big bell descended from the sky and directly held Chen Ping inside!
Now, all of the attacks of the Five Elements Beasts were hitting the big clock, but they could not cause any damage to Chen Ping!
‘What is this situation?’
‘Could it be that Fellow Daoist Chen himself used the big bell to buckle himself up?’
‘This bell is really special!’
The crowd kept exclaiming in astonishment!
Chen Ping hid inside the dragon tattooed bell and relaxed!
Since he knew that this Mu Naiyi wouldn’t be able to hold out for long, Chen Ping used the Dragon Tattoo Bell to hold himself up, and when that Mu Naiyi’s breath faded and she was half-dead, he would come out and clean her up!