Liu Xing and Liu Rui nodded, after all, at this point in time, they could only listen to Chen Ping!
Chen Ping found a small cave that could accommodate a few people, and they rested inside the cave for the night!
Chen Ping told Yue Buqun to cultivate at ease so that he could recover, but Yue Buqun couldn’t even enter the cultivation state!
“Hey …… it’s all because of me, it’s all because of me that the sect’s disciples were killed and injured ……”
“How can I, the sect master, still have the face to face the ancestors ……”
Yue Buqun had a sad face!
After all, all the disciples of the Pure Yang Sect had been killed and injured, and many others had chosen to blow themselves up in order to save Yue Buqun.
This made Yue Buqun feel very uncomfortable!
At that time, Liu Xing had even warned that he was afraid that the other sects would make a move against the Pure Yang Sect, but Yue Buqun was still too optimistic, thinking that the other sects were, at any rate, famous sects and would not do such a thing!
But in fact, these people would do anything for the sake of profit, no different from those evil cultivators!
Now Yue Buqun realized the reality, but it was already too late, all the disciples of the Pure Yang Sect were dead except Liu Xing and Liu Rui!
Seeing Yue Buqun’s appearance, Liu Xing and Liu Rui were also in grief, one second they were good brothers, and now they were all corpses!
“Patriarch Yue, this is all because those people are too cunning, it has nothing to do with you, don’t worry, as long as they stay in this secret realm, I will definitely make them people pay!”
Chen Ping comforted Yue Buqun.
“Mr. Chen, it is us who have dragged you down ……”
Yue Buqun said with some embarra*sment.
“Patriarch Yue, if it wasn’t for you, I would probably be dead by now, so don’t think nonsense, take a good rest and recover as soon as possible!”
Chen Ping said and walked out of the cave, he knew Yue Buqun and Liu Xing and Liu Rui needed peace and quiet and needed to take his time to come to terms with this reality!
“How long are you going to rest for, you kid? Don’t forget to follow the markings on the treasure map and find the place as soon as possible!”
At this moment, the old man’s voice rang out!
“Got it ……”
Chen Ping said with some impatience, then lit a cigarette and tilted his head to look at the bright starry sky!
After taking a deep puff, Chen Ping exhaled heavily, this period of running and fighting had made Chen Ping feel tired as well, he was starting to miss Su Yuqi and those people in Kyoto!
But he must keep moving forward now, or else he won’t even be able to save Su Yuqi and the girls, he won’t even be able to see his mother, and he won’t even know his father’s identity …………
………………
Kyoto, the secret realm of the Demon Heart Sect!
The great power sat on a chair, the devil amba*sador kneeling on the ground, his head bowed tightly!
“Have all the people been gathered?”
The Great Power spoke slowly.
“In reply to the Great Might’s words, they have all been gathered, except for that Chen Pingzhi, they have all been imprisoned in the secret realm of the Questioning Sect!”
The devil amba*sador replied.
“Very well, the moment when the aura revives and the Heavenly Dao opens is about to come ……”
“Hahahaha …… hahahaha …………”
The great power was delighted and laughed wantonly!
“Da Neng, when can that Ning Zhi be released? There’s still a soul ring of his missing in the stone statue ……”
The devil amba*sador asked cautiously.
“It’s not too late to let that Ning Zhi out when we lure that Chen Ping in at the last moment, I’ve given him resources and raised him for so long, it’s time for him to repay me.”
The great power said indifferently.
“Yes!” The devil amba*sador nodded!
The Mighty waved his hand and the Demon Envoy’s figure grew fainter and fainter before finally disappearing!
After the Devil Envoy disappeared, the eight chairs at the bottom of the Great Power’s head unexpectedly flickered with a purple glow, followed by the appearance of eight people dressed in purple robes!
These people all covered their faces, so that no one could see anyone’s face clearly!
When he saw the eight purple-robed people appear, the great power slowly spoke, “The aura is reviving, the time for the opening of the Heavenly Dao is getting closer and closer, it’s time for you to get ready ……”
“Understood!” The eight purple robes nodded and then disappeared as well!