“No, it’s not fake, it’s not an illusion ……”
Chen Ping shook his head!
“Nonsense, of course this is not an illusion, but that girlfriend of yours is a fake, she is just a talisman spirit changing into one, have you forgotten, this is a transformation and separation spell, this talisman spirit can change in a thousand ways ……”
Hu Pazi shouted anxiously, he hoped to make Chen Ping understand over that Su Yuqi was a fake.
“Fake?”
Chen Ping pushed Su Yuqi away.
“Chen Ping?”
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping, her face filled with indescribable sadness, both in her movements and expression, following Su Yuqi exactly!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, staring at Su Yuqi with a deadly stare, she couldn’t see any difference at all, how could this be fake?
“Chen Ping, what are you doing ……”
Su Yuqi once again lunged towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping did not move, he did not know what he should do.
“Breath, although the appearance can change, but the breath can’t change ……”
Hu Ma Zi reminded Chen Ping.
As soon as Chen Ping heard this, his divine sense instantly radiated out and enveloped Su Yuqi’s body, and sure enough the aura on Su Yuqi’s body was not the one Chen Ping was familiar with.
“You really are a fake ……”
Chen Ping was startled, and immediately afterwards, he slapped out with a palm!
Su Yuqi’s body was directly slapped out, a mouthful of fresh blood gushed out, and her body fell heavily to the ground.
“Chen Ping, why, why did you do this to me?”
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping sorrowfully, the blood at the corner of her mouth making her even more pitiful!
Chen Ping froze, facing his girlfriend, he really could not tell the difference between the real and the fake!
Su Yuqi slowly got up, with a painful face, and slowly walked towards Chen Ping, and there was a faint fragrance emanating from her body!
It was this fragrance that caused Chen Ping’s heart to tremble violently, followed by the sudden appearance of the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, a sword chopping towards Su Yuqi in front of him!
“Chen Ping …………”
Su Yuqi saw this and was still shouting in shock!
But the Chopping Dragon Sword in Chen Ping’s hand didn’t pause in the slightest, as the sword’s aura flashed out and directly pierced through that Su Yuqi’s body!
This time, Su Yuqi was not forward with spots of light emanating from her body, and her appearance was changing dramatically!
The originally white and beautiful Su Yuqi was now slowly turning into a monkey-like thing, covered in hair, and was incomparably ugly!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was disgusted and trembled when he thought about this thing he had just hugged!
At last the spot of light dissipated and all was gone!
Chen Ping himself saw his palm pressed firmly on top of the boulder, and the lines of symbols in front of him, as if they had come to life, all broke away from the boulder and burrowed into Chen Ping’s body one after another.
The Incantation of Transformation and Separation appeared in Chen Ping’s mind in an instant, which surprised Chen Ping to no end!
“You are still laughing, you brat almost died ……” looking at the surprised Chen Ping, Hu Ma Zi said with a face of anger: “I have admonished you, yet you still got trapped, what a big lover! ”
Chen Ping was a little embarra*sed by Pocky Hu’s comment and said with an awkward smile, “Master Hu, that talisman spirit you mentioned is too disgusting looking.”
“What? You still hope that the Fu Ling is a big beauty, if it was a big beauty, would you still want to kill him?”
Hu Ma Zi said with a smile.
Chen Ping smiled and nodded, “Whether it’s a beautiful woman or not, anyone who gets in my way will be killed ……”
“Pull it off!” Grandmaster Hu waved his hand, “Alright, quickly pa*s me the Runic Art!”
“Oh, okay!”
Chen Ping hurriedly stretched out his hand and gently pressed it on top of Grandmaster Hu’s head!
Soon, a light lit up, followed by countless symbols entering Master Hu’s body!
Filled with joy, Pocky Hu recited the incantation in front of Chen Ping, and immediately afterwards, Pocky Hu’s body emitted a faint glow, and then his appearance began to change!