This time, Zhou Jie is not nervous, but the dark Zheng Kai nervous, see Chen Ping is about to step into the trap, but do not want to just short of the last step, and then give back.
“Mr. Chen, although there is no danger, we’d better go back ……”
Zhou Jie finished and took the lead to walk forward.
The first thing that happened was that Zhou Jie was going to walk ahead, and his heart instantly lifted, if Zhou Jie triggered that trap, then he would let Chen Ping escape!
This moment, the Zheng Kai to anxious ah, scratching his ears!
“Miss Zhou ……”
Just then, Chen Ping called out to Zhou Jie, who stopped and saw Chen Ping.
“Mr. Chen, what’s wrong?” Zhou Jie asked.
“Nothing, I think it’s more appropriate for me to walk in front, after all, I’m a guest ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Zhou Jie was stunned, but then she also smiled, “That’s right, honored guest, after you ……”
Zhou Jie made an inviting gesture, while Chen Ping swaggered forward!
Zheng Kai couldn’t tell how happy he was to see this scene.
“Stupid b*****d, let you pretend, just waiting for you to take the bait ……”
Zheng Kai laughed darkly, his eyes fixed on Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
Just after Chen Ping stepped into the trap Zheng Kai had laid long ago, the sky suddenly darkened, followed by the violent appearance of eight men on both sides of the street, each holding a blackish chain in their hands.
The eight men threw them at the same time, and the eight chains instantly headed towards Chen Ping, whose body at this moment seemed to be sucked to the ground, unable to move at all!
Like a python, the eight chains wrapped around Chen Ping’s body, directly tying him up to death.
Seeing this, Zhou Jie drew her sword and tried to save Chen Ping!
But Chen Ping shouted, “Miss Zhou, run, leave me alone, or none of us will get away ……”
When Zhou Jie heard this, her body gave a lurch, then said, “Mr. Chen, don’t worry, I’m going to call for someone to save you ……”
Zhou Jie made a long stance and disappeared in an instant!
Zhou Jie knew that the only person who had captured Chen Ping was that Zheng Kai of the Zheng family, this guy was a cautious one and would retaliate if he had an axe to grind.
With Zhou Jie’s strength, he was not strong enough to fight against the whole Zheng family!
Zhou Jie ran away, and Zheng Kai didn’t chase after him, his main thing was to target Chen Ping!
Seeing Chen Ping chained by his family’s soul chains, Zheng Kai came out from the shadows with a smug look on his face!
“Chen Ping, as I said, no one has dared to disrespect me in South Lake, and you are the first, so today I am going to make you pay the price.”
Zheng Kai sneered as he looked at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping didn’t seem to panic when he saw Zheng Kai walk out, but smiled lightly and said, “You’ve caught me, what are you going to do to me? Kill me?”
“No, no, no, how would I kill you, you are now a big name in the martial arts world, I, Zheng Kai, will show the martial arts world who is the number one in the younger generation.”
“No matter how bullish you are Chen Ping, you are now my prisoner, I will also show my father that he thinks too highly of you, you are just a vain person.”
When Zheng Kai finished, he waved his hand and said, “Take it away, I will show the whole martial arts world that this dazzling new star of the martial arts world has finally fallen into my hands, Zheng Kai.”
Chen Ping did not resist in the slightest, and obediently followed Zheng Kai back to the Zheng family!
“Dad …… Dad ……”
As soon as he entered the door, Zheng Kai shouted out loud!
He wanted to show Zheng An Guo that Chen Ping didn’t want to be as bullying as rumors had it, but he was still caught by himself at the first shot.
And at that moment, Zheng An Guo was following several senior members of the Zheng family to talk about things!
Hearing Zheng Kai’s shouting voice, Zheng An Guo’s brow just frowned: “This b*****d, I don’t know what trouble he has caused again.”
“That’s it for today, you all go back, don’t talk about today’s incident with anyone.”
Zheng An Guo waved his hand and told all those top bra*s to leave!
He then walked out of the secret room and yelled at Zheng Kai who was yelling, “What are you yelling all day? What’s the matter with looking for me?”