The black fog that filled the surroundings instantly became thick again, and the armor that wrapped around Long Xiao’s body shone with a black and golden light!
Boom ……
Chen Ping followed Long Xiao and ruthlessly collided with each other.
One must know that Chen Ping’s current flesh had been tempered to a certain level, and was incredibly hard, and with the Incorruptible Golden Body augmenting it, not many people dared to follow Chen Ping into a hard clash!
But this time, Long Xiao and Chen Ping collided, and a huge gust of wind roared up, blowing the surrounding rocks and trees into oblivion.
Seeing this, the four villains hurriedly shielded Long Wu, fighting with all their might to resist the fallout emitted!
The Great Dao roared and the star river shook …………
Chen Ping sensed the change in Long Xiao’s aura and knew that the spirit was now manipulating Long Xiao’s body, but Chen Ping was not the least bit afraid.
The qi and blood within his body was boiling, Chen Ping saw Long Xiao as a refining stone, each strike was a refinement for himself!
In an instant, the two had pa*sed nearly a hundred strokes!
Long Xiao’s body began to look decrepit, while Chen Ping had a relaxed look on his face, as if he was intentionally letting off steam and letting Long Xiao accompany him in his trials!
“Ah …………”
With a hysterical cry that carried an eerie and terrifying aura, the black glow on Long Xiao’s body became even more luminous and his aura was instantly boosted.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth raised an imperceptible smile, he wanted to force out Long Xiao’s greatest potential, to see how much the soul spirit inside this kid really weighed!
At this moment, the place where the two of them were fighting had long been in a mess, the entire space had started to become distorted and deformed, Long Wu and the Four Villains had been pinned down to death and had long since slumped to the ground!
And that Long Jingguo was not much better, only to see him kneeling on one knee, gritting his teeth to resist the residual power radiating out.
Rumble …………
The mountain actually began to collapse during the battle between the two men, a bottomless gully that cut through the entire mountain, stretching directly towards the Pill God Valley.
A terrifying aura kept spreading in all directions, like a wave, without stopping ……
At this moment, Xu Changsheng and Zhao Liguo, who were inside the Pill God Valley, felt this terrifying aura.
“What’s going on? How can there be such a terrifying aura coming from it?”
Xu Changsheng said with a stony expression on his face.
Xu Changsheng was in the middle of healing Zhao Barging when this sudden vibration that came from him, along with that terrifying aura, had to make him stop.
“I’ll take someone to check it out ……”
Zhao Liguo finished speaking and turned to run out.
Many people within the Pill God Valley had already arrived outside the house and were stopping to watch.
Only to see that dozens of miles away from the Pill God Valley, a golden light was shining and the sound of the explosion was deafening, as if it was going to be the end of the world!
Zhao Liguo hurriedly took some people with him and rushed towards that place, while Gu Ling’er also darted out and followed Zhao Liguo.
At this moment, Chen Ping was still going through the motions after Long Xiao, and both of them seemed to have reached their limits!
“Go to hell …………”
The more Long Xiao fought, the more anxious he became, wanting to settle the fight as quickly as possible!
So with a roar, he found the right moment and smashed his fist into Chen Ping’s body!
Chen Ping’s body instantly flew backwards, only it didn’t fall to the ground, but stopped steadily in mid-air!
Long Xiao was panting heavily and his forehead was covered in cold sweat!
On the contrary, Chen Ping’s face was still calm, as if not much had changed!
“Even with a spirit possessing your body, you are still no match for me, it seems that this title of the number one talent in Kyoto that you have, is also self-appointed, right?”
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao with mockery in his eyes!
“Ah …… kill him, kill him for me …………”
Long Xiao hissed, he was speaking loudly after the spirit!
“Kid, you are the most talented person I’ve ever seen, it’s just a pity that you are bullying yourself, today I will kill you and refine this body of yours into a corpse cultivator ……”
Long Xiao’s throat let out a low, hoarse voice that sounded so terrifying that it gave people goosebumps.