“You want to escape?”
Mr. Shi seemed to have seen Fan Jiang’s mind and slowly spoke.
Fan Jiang did not say anything, but at this moment, it was as if he could see the shadow of Chen Ping just now!
Just now, Chen Ping had been asked this question by himself!
But now, it was his turn!
With a grit of his teeth, Fan Jiang turned and ran, all his energy condensing under his feet, his speed instantly going to the limit!
He would escape from here and never come back to the capital!
Twenty years, twenty years in the darkness of the dungeon!
Now that he was out, he must not die!
He had not yet enjoyed himself!
Fan Jiang was so fast that he was gone in the blink of an eye, but Mr. Shi did not seem to be in the least bit anxious.
“Aren’t you going after him?”
Chen Ping asked in a small voice to Mr. Shi.
“He can’t get away ……”
Mr. Shi’s words fell, but his person disappeared.
Chen Ping’s jaw dropped in shock.
He had never formally seen Mr. Shi strike, and once he saw him today, Chen Ping understood completely why those people in the martial arts world in Kyoto saw Mr. Shi like a mouse seeing a cat.
After running a long way away, Fan Jiang looked back and found that Mr. Shi was not catching up, and only then did he let out a long sigh of relief.
“D*mn, that’s sick ……”
Fan Jiang patted his chest!
But just as he let out a sigh of relief, Fan Jiang felt a gust of wind sounding behind him.
When he was turning back, he found that Mr. Shi had already reached behind him, Fan Jiang was instantly startled and stumbled almost without falling down.
“You can’t get away ……”
Mr. Shi said quietly with his hands behind his back.
Fan Jiang looked at Mr. Shi in shock, he realized that Mr. Shi was not running, Mr. Shi’s feet were not moving.
It was flying, Mr. Shi was actually flying ……
Fan Jiang was goaded!
Stopping his body, he kneeled down in front of Mr. Shi with a poof.
“I beg Mr. Shi to let me go, I will return to the mountains and never show my face again!”
Fan Jiang began to beg for mercy!
Mr. Shi looked at Fan Jiang and smiled coldly, “It’s useless, you must die, if you don’t die, there’s no way for that Chen Ping’s strength to recover ……”
Fan Jiang was stunned, not understanding what Mr. Shi meant: “That Chen Ping burned his essence blood, now his essence blood is deficient, his dantian is closed, he is already a ruined person, he can’t cultivate at all, even if he kills me, he won’t be able to recover ……”
Mr. Shi shook his head, “Who said that after burning the essence blood, there is no way to recover, as long as he absorbs your strength, he will be able to recover!”
When Fan Jiang heard this, he instantly understood that Mr. Shi was trying to get Chen Ping to absorb his own strength.
One should know that Fan Jiang had only reached this peak Martial Marquis realm after decades of cultivation, how could he just let someone absorb it?
“No ……”
Fan Jiang threw back his head and hissed, all his strength condensed on his hands, he couldn’t have someone else sucking up his strength, he had to resist!
Mr. Shi looked at the frantic Fan Jiang, raised his hand and slapped out, instantly shattering all the spells that Fan Jiang had condensed!
In front of Mr. Shi, that Fan Jiang didn’t even have a chance to strike!
Fan Jiang tried to gather his energy to fight back, but Mr. Shi grabbed him by the collar and carried him in mid-air like a chicken!
All the energy in Fan Jiang’s body instantly dissipated and could no longer be condensed!
With Fan Jiang in his hand, Mr. Shi quickly returned to Chen Ping.
Looking at Fan Jiang, the leader of the evil cultivators, in Mr. Shi’s hands, he was like a little chicken, which made Chen Ping once again refresh his perception!
Mr Shi casually threw Fan Jiang in front of Chen Ping!
Fan Jiang, who was just standing tall and stepping on Chen Ping’s head, was now himself falling to the ground like a dead dog!
“You will be able to recover after you have absorbed his strength, although your bloodline is different from others, burning your essence blood will have side effects after all, use it less in the future ……”
Mr. Shi reprimanded Chen Ping!
Chen Ping glanced at Mr. Shi, although he was curious as to how Mr. Shi knew that his bloodline was different from the others, he didn’t dare to ask!