With a loud bang, the house was instantly decimated and the splattered debris was blown away by the breath from Chen Ping’s body!
At this moment, Chen Ping and the figure were exposed in the middle of the empty compound!
The loud noise attracted many disciples of the Pure Yang Sect!
At this moment, Yue Buqun had also recovered, and looking at Chen Ping and the figure confronting each other in mid-air, Yue Buqun’s face was very gloomy!
“Patriarch Yue, this residual soul is the root cause of the pain that has been inside you for so many years ……”
Chen Ping said as he pointed at the figure with his sword.
Yue Buqun looked at the figure, anger flashing in his eyes!
With a wave of his sleeve and robe, the entire Pure Yang Sect rose up with dots of light, which rose to mid-air and formed an invisible net, directly enveloping the figure!
Yue Buqun’s strike, this caused the figure to have a moment of panic, and his expression turned grave!
“Flames in the air …………”
Along with an explosive cry from Yue Buqun’s mouth!
The invisible net instantly rose up with a trail of flames, the scorching hot flames were constantly shrinking towards the figure, leaving him nowhere to escape!
“Yue Buqun, if you dare to hurt me, I will repay you a hundred times over, don’t forget that this is only a remnant of my soul, even if you destroy this remnant of my soul, it won’t do me any harm.”
“But I will plunge your Pure Yang Clan into the land of the endless ……”
The silhouette threatened Yue Buqun as he faced the giant net of flames that kept shrinking!
But Yue Buqun snorted coldly as the flames became even hotter!
“Ahh …………”
The silhouette finally let out a miserable scream!
“Sovereign Yue, don’t kill him ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly rushed to Yue Buqun and tried to stop him.
But it was already too late, the silhouette had already gone up in smoke, leaving nothing behind!
Seeing that the figure had already gone up in smoke, Chen Ping couldn’t help but sigh!
“Little brother, could it be that you still have a use for leaving that remnant soul behind?”
Yue Buqun asked.
“Patriarch Yue, for this remnant soul to be able to stay inside you for so many years and still have such strength even after being forced out, it is evident that this fellow’s original body is highly powerful, and more importantly, his original body will not be too far away from here!”
“You should know that the residual soul left behind after a person dies is the weakest, and there are very few evil cultivators who can sacrifice their residual soul alive, and there is a distance limit for this residual soul to be able to be controlled, it is not without end!”
“So I want this residual soul to escape so that we can find this evil cultivator’s main body based on this residual soul.”
Chen Ping followed Yue Buqun’s explanation.
The reason why Chen Ping had not absorbed this remnant soul to refine it just now was for this reason as well!
Destroying a residual soul would not do much harm to that evil cultivator’s original body!
But now that the residual soul had been eliminated, it would not be so easy to find the evil cultivator’s body!
Now that the Pure Yang Sect was in the light and the evil cultivator was in the dark, if they were to make a move against the Pure Yang Sect, the Pure Yang Sect was afraid that it would be too late to even defend itself!
After listening to Chen Ping’s explanation, Yue Buqun also felt that he had just been a bit impulsive, but now that it was like this, he could only take one step at a time!
“Little brother, you saved my life, old man, I am grateful, whatever you want, just ask, as long as our Pure Yang Sect has it, I will never be stingy.”
Yue Buqun thanked Chen Ping!
“Patriarch Yue, you saved my life too didn’t you? We are also considered to be even.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly.
Yue Buqun faintly stared, then laughed out loud, “We’re even, but since you’ve come to my Pure Yang Sect, stay here for a few more days and let me do my best as a host.”
“Good!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
After all, Chen Ping was still planning to find these hidden sects to inquire about the Regeneration Spring, and now that Yue Buqun had taken the initiative to let Chen Ping stay, of course Chen Ping was happy to do so!
It was just as well that Chen Ping was going to follow Yue Buqun to inquire about the Regeneration Spring and learn about the hidden sects in the meantime.