Chen Ping took out his Dragon Cutting Sword and then made a sharp thrust towards the ground!
Since someone wanted to trap him with an illusionary formation, Chen Ping would have to use his strength to break the formation, so that the person who set up the formation would see that there was no illusionary formation that could trap him!
The Dragon Slashing Sword instantly disappeared into the soil, followed by Chen Ping’s forceful thrust, directly cutting a deep gully into the ground!
He wanted to see if this illusion formation could still continue to restore this gully!
However, just as Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword made a forceful pick, a liquid suddenly erupted from the ground!
Chen Ping hurriedly stepped back, which prevented him from being splattered on his body!
However, when the liquid fell, Chen Ping was surprised to find that the liquid was actually blood, the scarlet blood was very conspicuous in the grey space, and it also emitted a bloody smell!
At this moment, Chen Ping was a little confused, he did not understand that he had only stabbed a sword fiercely towards the ground, how could the ground spew out blood?
Could it be?
Chen Ping’s eyes widened violently, at this moment, Chen Ping actually had a strange thought, he was not on land right now, but on the body of a demonic beast which was huge and incomparable.
Just now, when Chen Ping stabbed down with his sword, it should have pierced the skin of that demonic beast, and that was why there was a spray of blood!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping hurriedly leapt up, not daring to stand on top of the ground with his feet!
If there was really a huge demonic beast under his feet, Chen Ping could not believe how huge this demonic beast was!
However, when Chen Ping was suspended in mid-air, he suddenly felt that his body was very weak, as if there was a feeling of being somewhat overwhelmed!
“What’s going on? Obviously it has just been replenished?”
Chen Ping was a little surprised, not understanding how the spiritual energy in his body could be depleted so quickly!
Chen Ping hurriedly ran the Heart Condensing Skill, wanting to replenish some spiritual energy in, after all, he had a lot of resources right now!
However, when the Heart Concentration Skill was running, Chen Ping strangely found that he could not replenish even a single ounce of spiritual energy!
Whether it was Spirit Stones, Immortal Herbs or other Beast Dans or the like, there was no way for any of these things to be absorbed!
Chen Ping was shocked, if he couldn’t replenish himself, sooner or later, the spiritual energy in his body would run out, when that time came, let alone flying, even if he was walking, he would be exhausted to death!
Chen Ping didn’t dare to fly, but directly landed on the ground, regardless of whether or not there were demonic beasts under his feet, he could only walk, because flying was too exhausting of spiritual energy!
“It seems that we still need to find the eye of the formation to break it ……”
Chen Ping did not dare to use his spiritual energy freely now, and even more so, he did not dare to break the formation by brute force!
Chen Ping held the Dragon Slashing Sword and then walked forward step by step, as long as there was no danger, Chen Ping tried his best not to use the spiritual energy in his body!
I don’t know how long I had walked, Chen Ping no longer had the concept of time and space!
At this time, Chen Ping also did not dare to emit his divine sense at will, just like an ordinary person, walking slowly!
With every step, Chen Ping walked very carefully for fear of startling the demonic beasts under his feet!
If the demonic beasts under his feet woke up, wouldn’t he be lifeless!
“Kid, there is no need for all that caution, this is not a demonic beast under your feet.”
At this time, the words of the Red Cloud Demon Lord rang out!
Chen Ping did not pay any attention to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, it was as if the Red Cloud Demon Monarch did not exist and did not speak to himself!
“F*ck, you brat, you’re ignoring old me, then in the future, old me won’t bother with you either!”
When the Red Cloud Demon Monarch saw that Chen Ping was ignoring him, he became a little angry!
However, Chen Ping still walked forward step by step with a tired expression on his face.
After walking for some more distance, the surroundings were still grey and dark, but in front of Chen Ping, there was actually a meaning light, which was just like a candlelight in the darkness of the night, bringing hope to people!
Chen Ping smiled and walked quickly towards that light!