After the elixir had gone down, the old lady only felt a cooling sensation continue to travel through her body and finally converge on her eyes!
Her eyes, which were originally colourless and blank, slowly began to take on a hint of colour!
The old woman looked around her and her expression became incomparably excited!
“I …… I really saw it, I really saw it ……”
The old woman was trembling so much that she actually shouted out loud!
Hearing the old woman’s shout, Yun’er hurriedly ran back from outside, then looked at her grandmother’s eyes, surprisingly had a glimmer of light, is also excited!
“Granny, can you really see?”
Yun’er asked as she pounced over and grabbed the old woman tightly.
“Yun’er, granny can see it, my Yun’er is really a great beauty ……”
The granny held Yun’er’s face in her hands, tears of excitement flowing out of her eyes!
An old man and a young woman hugged each other in excitement, and both of them cried!
This atmosphere caused the pillar to keep dropping tears along with them!
It took a while before the old lady and Yun’er’s mood calmed down!
“Brother Chen Ping, thank you so much, I don’t even know how to thank you ……”
Yun’er said, so that she could kneel down to Chen Ping!
“Silly girl, you saved my life, what’s all this I’ve done!”
Chen Ping pulled Yun’er back and didn’t let her kneel down, then he handed the rest of the pills to Yun’er “Keep these pills, give one to your granny every day, after taking them, your granny will have completely recovered!”
Yun’er nodded and put the pills away.
“Yun’er, Zhuzi, you two go out for a while, I have something to say to your brother Chen Ping!”
At this point the old lady spoke up!
After hearing this, Yun’er pulled Pillar and walked out!
After Yun’er and Pillar left, the old woman began to rummage through the cupboards and finally found a wooden box in a corner!
The wooden box was covered with dust, so I didn’t know how many years it had been there.
A faint black mist surrounded the bead and the temperature inside the room began to drop!
The old woman took out the bead and said respectfully to Chen Ping, “Mr. Chen, you have healed my eyes, I can’t repay you for that, this is a magic bead that I have treasured for many years, although it is not a precious treasure, but it has a very good effect on Mr. Chen’s injuries!”
“After you swallow this magic pearl, your strength will be restored to its peak state.”
Chen Ping looked at the magic pearl in the granny’s hand and did not know what to do for a while, so he could only excused himself and said, “This …… is too expensive, right ……?”
The old woman shook her head “I’m afraid I’ll be living in Bashi Village for the rest of my life, and I won’t be stepping into the demon race, so this magic pearl is useless to me, so Mr. Chen should take it!”
Seeing that the old woman had said so, Chen Ping had no choice but to take the magic pearl, then slowly put it into his mouth and swallowed it!
After the demon pearl entered Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping’s whole body was instantly enveloped by a black mist.
Slowly, the whole Boulder Village was enveloped in black mist, which surprised the old woman!
She didn’t expect Chen Ping to react so much when he swallowed the devil pearl!
Only to see Chen Ping’s brow furrowed and finally his whole became hideous, seemingly in great pain!
And within Chen Ping’s body, the three auras were chasing and merging!
“Human, Beast, Demon? How could there be three auras in him?”
The old woman looked at Chen Ping in shock, her eyes filled with astonishment!
“Ah …………”
Chen Ping suddenly shouted, followed by his whole body falling heavily to the ground and fainting to death!
“Brother Chen Ping …………”
Hearing Chen Ping’s cry, Pillar and Yun’er all rushed in.
Seeing Chen Ping on the ground, both of them all tensed up!