How could a noble human being be dominated by a tiger spirit?
Thinking of this, Chen Ping gritted his teeth and directly met it, his fist glowing with golden light above.
Boom …………
An unprecedented explosion rang out, so loud that everyone on Penglai Island could clearly hear it!
Outside the palace, Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Beng listened to the huge booming sound inside and calmed down a little inside.
After that huge explosion just now, the fighting had stopped straight away, and not a single sound of fighting could be heard in the forbidden land, so Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Barging instantly became worried for Chen Ping.
The fighting had stopped and there was no sound, so they didn’t know what had happened to Chen Ping.
The two of them hadn’t recovered their kung fu yet, so there was no way to check!
The loud sound that had just sounded again let Hu Ma Zi and Zhao Beng know that Chen Ping was still alive and continuing to fight!
With this strike, Chen Ping had consumed almost all of his own spiritual energy, but this strike had given that Tiger Li Daxian a new understanding of Chen Ping.
Chen Ping was just a YuanYing realm cultivator, and now he was fighting against him as a Transformation realm cultivator, yet he was not at a disadvantage, which made Tiger Li Daxian very incomprehensible!
Even if Chen Ping’s physical body was stronger than others, the spiritual energy in Chen Ping’s body seemed to have been enchanted!
There were cultivators who were able to cross a large realm without losing in the slightest, but those were all genius level figures!
“Although you blocked this strike of mine, but you used up all your spiritual energy, I’ll see how you can still block with the next slap?”
Tiger Li Daxian said with a cold snort.
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, but frantically ran the Heart Condensing Technique, the spiritual energy around him swarmed towards Chen Ping’s body, and a vortex of spiritual energy had long formed around Chen Ping!
“Absorbing at such a fast rate?”
Tiger Li Daxian’s pupils shrank, followed by a frown.
Soon, Tiger Li Daxian’s eyes widened round and his expression became somewhat odd, “No wonder you can fight against it across the ranks, you are actually practicing the most superior technique, who pa*sed this technique on to you?”
Tiger Li Daxian asked with a face full of incredulity.
“Who pa*sed it on to me, there’s no way I can tell you, just die ……”
Chen Ping snorted coldly!
“Do you think that just because you have the superior technique and the Golden Dragon True Body, I wouldn’t dare to kill you?”
Tiger Li Daxian’s face turned cold as his aura climbed!
“Cut the crap, come on ……”
Chen Ping kicked his feet and his entire body charged straight at that Tiger Li Daxian.
Chen Ping’s speed and strength had reached a new realm!
The surrounding spiritual energy was being rapidly absorbed and digested by Chen Ping, transforming into spiritual energy and stored within his dantian!
Boom …………
Another strike, covering the sky, the sun and the moon without light ……
Chen Ping was filled with fighting spirit, at this moment he knew he had no way back!
This strike once again consumed all of Chen Ping’s accumulated spiritual energy!
The Heart Condensation Technique was running to the extreme, desperately transforming his spiritual energy, but to consume it like this, even if it was a superior technique, he was afraid that he would not be able to afford it.
“I’d like to see just how long you can hold on ……”
The corners of Tiger Li Daxian’s mouth were slightly raised, and there was a bit of contempt in his eyes!
At this moment, Du Nan, who had been watching the battle, brightened up and seemed to have thought of something, and hurriedly ran outside!
Because Chen Ping was there, Tiger Li Daxian didn’t care about the fleeing Du Nan!
However, Du Nan did not flee, but ran out of the Forbidden Land and directly found the Grand Elder.
Although he knew that something was definitely wrong with the Forbidden Land, the Grand Elder would never dare to enter it without their authorization.
“Grand Elder, you immediately inform down that everyone should make a pilgrimage to the Temple Hall ……”
Du Nan said to the Grand Elder.
“Crown Prince, what is going on inside? Where is King Du?”
The Grand Elder asked to Du Nan.