“Where’s Mr Chen?”
Ji Yun asked with great surprise!
“Where is the person? Where is Chen Ping?”
Bai Qian’s eyes were filled with worry!
“How could he have disappeared?” The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder was also very puzzled!
Only Sheng Bushi frowned slightly, then slowly said “Chen should have laid an illusion formation within that blood formation, so when we looked over, they disappeared, when in fact, they were all still inside!”
“Illusion formation? What did Mr Chen lay down an illusion formation for, why didn’t he break this big formation and hurry out?”
Luo Shouhai asked!
“I think Mr Chen wanted to keep this formation disc, if it really had been broken, then this formation disc would have been completely ruined.”
Sheng Bushi guessed!
“What’s the point of keeping the array disc? Mr Chen’s own attainments in the art of formations are not low, why do you still care about this one formation disc?”
Luo Shouhai did not understand why Chen Ping would care about this formation disc when he himself was able to lay down spell formations at will!
Sheng Bushi glanced at Luo Shouhai and said, “Perhaps it is not for Mr Chen’s own use, this formation disc can be considered a divine artefact for demonic cultivators of the Blood Demon lineage.”
Luo Shouhai froze instantly upon hearing this!
He seemed to understand that Chen Ping’s failure to destroy the formation eye at the last minute and leaving this formation disc behind should be for himself!
One must know that Chen Ping was taking a great risk!
Luo Shouhai looked into the formation, although he could not see Chen Ping’s figure, his eyes were filled with emotion!
A soldier will die for a friend who understands him!
At this moment, Luo Shouhai had secretly sworn that if Chen Ping was in danger, he would not hesitate to take his own life to block it!
At this moment, Chen Ping, who was in the middle of the big formation, had a fire dancing in his palm, and then he swung out a palm, and a fireball directly wrapped up the flesh of the Hu brothers!
Immediately after that, a smell of roasted meat emanated out, and the flesh of the Hu Family Brothers was turned into ashes in a matter of moments!
After the Hu family brothers’ flesh turned into ashes, the blood-coloured monster within the Dragon Marked Bell let out a miserable scream!
Then that Hu Da’s voice came out!
“Kid, do you think you can subdue us by destroying our flesh?”
“In this grand formation, we can instantly remake our fleshly bodies, don’t you presume to defeat us.”
Hu Da did not feel the slightest bit of anger because his physical body was destroyed!
“Is that so? If that grand formation is no longer there and your fleshly bodies are destroyed, can you still instantly remould your fleshly bodies?”
Chen Ping asked, full of teasing!
“This is a heavenly formation disc that was left behind during the Great War of the Gods and Demons, all carved out by Immortal and Demon level powers.”
“With just you, a tiny second grade cultivator of the Transitional Realm, how could you possibly break this great formation.”
Hu Da simply did not believe what Chen Ping had said!
“Regardless of what person carved the formation disc, as long as the eye of the formation is found, the formation is as fragile as paper, and I can break it with just a single point.”
“You use the blood of your clansmen to keep on energising, but you have forgotten that the energy in that blood will converge into the formation eye, in giving it to the grand formation to use.”
“I only need to follow the scent of that blood and I can effortlessly find where the formation eye is.”
Chen Ping said confidently!
Upon hearing Chen Ping’s words, Hu Da did not speak anymore and directly fell silent.
Although they had formation discs that could open a large formation, they were not formation masters, so they were half-hearted about what Chen Ping had said!
However, it was obvious that that Hu Da seemed to have some faith in what Chen Ping had said!
“Big brother, don’t listen to this kid’s nonsense, he’s not a formation master, how could he possibly understand this, he’s just lying to us.”
Hu Er opened his mouth and said!
“Whether it’s a lie or not, I’ll let you guys out to see and we’ll know.”
Chen Ping waved his hand and the dragon patterned bell rose up into the air and returned directly to the storage ring!
The blood-coloured strange man was released and then looked around, followed by unbelief in his eyes!