As Old Sun, who had been following Chen Ping and had been saved by him several times, he had already considered himself as a direct member of Chen Ping’s side!
If he didn’t stand out at this time, who else could he ask to fight this head-on?
“No need, I’ll go first this time, since I created the vortex, I know more about the situation inside than any of you!”
“What’s more, I am also protected by my imperishable golden body, ordinary killing formations can’t help me ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he actually charged directly towards the vortex!
After seeing Chen Ping enter the vortex, Old Sun and the others followed closely behind, with Ning Cai Chen being the last to enter!
The name was to press for the crowd, but in fact Ning Caixin did not have 100% faith in Chen Ping!
If there was really danger within the vortex, he was the last to enter and could have terminated at any time!
After entering the vortex, Chen Ping’s eyes became a blur, as if he had entered a spacetime teleportation array, and his body was suppressed to death, so he couldn’t even use his divine sense to probe!
He could only hear the white light flashing in front of his eyes and the sound of the wind whistling in his ears, and he didn’t know how long it took before he felt the wind stop and opened his eyes!
When he opened his eyes, he found that he was in a canyon, and deep inside the canyon, a thatched hut stood there!
The canyon was surrounded by lush greenery, the landscape was very beautiful, and the sky was blue, giving people a fresh, soothing feeling!
Compared to the grey altar space, this was a fairyland on earth, not at all depressing!
It was only that in such a beautiful environment, there was no human life, it was dead!
Chen Ping radiated his divine sense, trying to feel the aura of the ancient Body Refining Clan’s old ancestor, but he couldn’t feel it at all!
“Holy sh*t, this is quite a beautiful side of the world here ……”
Looking at the lush greenery in front of him, Gao Qisheng couldn’t help but exclaim!
He lived in the far north, where it was all ice and snow, and rarely saw this kind of beauty!
The cultivators who came over one after another, looking at the scene in front of them, were also stunned!
This side of the world was much more beautiful than the old devil’s world they had just come over!
“Mr. Chen, is this the thatched hut you were talking about?”
Ji Yun said as he looked at the thatched hut not far away!
“Not bad, it’s this thatched hut, only I don’t feel the aura of the old ancestor of the Ancient Body Refining Clan, so I don’t know if it’s still inside!”
Chen Ping finished speaking and walked towards that thatched hut!
Seeing this, the others also followed Chen Ping and walked over!
Walking into the thatched hut, Chen Ping looked at the furnishings inside, which were identical, except that the various ancient body refining techniques and treasures inside were all gone, into Chen Ping’s storage ring!
“This ancient body refining clan ancestor is too poor, to live in this kind of thatched hut, it’s too humble ……”
Gao Qisheng looked at the furnishings inside the thatched hut and sighed!
“Only a remnant soul is left, so many years have passed, maybe one day the remnant soul will dissipate, it’s good to have a thatched hut to cover your body.”
“When the remnant soul dissipates, I guess this side of the world will also collapse and cease to exist ……”
Ning Caixin surveyed the thatched hut and said indifferently!
“Why is that old devil making such a grand show with a palace and an altar.”
Gao Qisheng wondered!
All of them were remnants of souls that were probably going to dissipate, yet that old devil had built his side of the world so intricately!
“That old thing has been preparing to reshape his flesh, otherwise why else would he build his world so complicated.”
“And all sorts of lures to lure us step by step to the altar yet ……”
“All those dead cultivators, their final strength will become resources for that old thing to help him reshape his flesh body.”
Chen Ping explained!
“This old devil is really bad to the core …………”
Gao Qisheng gritted his teeth and said!
“Ah …………”
Suddenly, outside the thatched hut, a shriek rang out, causing Chen Ping and the others to all stare!