On the other side, the man in the suit had lost the Snow Wolf’s beast pellet and was besieged by Cheng Kun and Xuan Yuan Kai, and was depressed to the core!
He was now facing a breakthrough, if he could get some more beast pills, he might be able to break through to the fourth grade Martial Sect realm, and if he was lucky in getting the legendary dragon crystal, he might break through to the peak of Martial Sect in one breath …………
As soon as he thought of this, the eyes of the man in the suit revealed frenzy. All evil cultivators have an incomparable desire for strength, otherwise they wouldn’t take the risk of practicing evil arts.
Squeak …………
A snow rat squeaked and darted past the man in the suit. The man in the suit slapped his palm out violently, and a wave of fierce Qi instantly shot out from his palm, hitting the darting snow rat squarely.
The snow rat was killed, and the man in the suit picked it up and gave a slight push with both hands.
Snort …………
The body of the snow mouse was actually directly torn in half by the man in the suit, blood sprayed all over, but the man in the suit did not care at all.
A small thumb-sized, crystal clear beast pellet fell out from inside the snow rat’s head.
“I didn’t expect this tiny snow rat to have a beast elixir, it seems that this Locked Dragon Island is really a good place ……”
The man in the suit picked up the beast elixir, and a look of surprise appeared on his face.
But just as the man in suit was about to put the beast pellet away, he saw Qin Xiaoxian walking towards him with his men.
The man in suit frowned and opened his mouth to throw the beast pellet all the way into his mouth, before a*suming a stance and cautiously looking at Qin Xiaoxian who was walking over.
“Young man, you don’t need to be nervous, we don’t have any malicious intent, I don’t know what to call you?”
Qin Xiaoxian saw that the other party was full of hostility and said hastily.
The man in the suit looked twice and found that only the Qin family had come over and no one else was seen, so his heart relaxed a little.
“What do you want to do?”
The man in the suit did not tell Qin Xiaoxian what his name was, but asked Qin Xiaoxian rhetorically.
“Young man, you can also see, that Perak Sect, Xuan Yuan Family and Shadowless Villa three families united together, others will not want to get any resources in this Locked Dragon Island, that snow wolf will be divided by them, but not my Qin family’s share, so I hope to cooperate with you, together with a few of them, otherwise we can not get anything, and you also have a death sentence ……”
Qin Xiaoxian said bluntly.
The man in the suit faintly froze, then cautiously said, “You dare to cooperate with me even with my identity as an evil cultivator?”
One must know that no one would want to follow an evil cultivator to get involved in anything, otherwise they would be disliked by the martial arts community!
“Why don’t you dare? This Locked Dragon Island, where people are rare, is just the lot of us, so who would know that we are working together? When we leave Locked Dragon Island, you take your Yang Guan Road, I will cross my one-way bridge, just don’t contact each other ……”
Qin Xiaoxian did not think that said.
The man in the suit frowned slightly and looked at Qin Xiaoxian for a moment of careful thought before nodding, “Okay, I agree to cooperate with you.”
“Good, after we work together, we no longer have to fear the three of them!”
Qin Xiaoxian laughed heartily.
The man in the suit took the snow rat in his hand and handed half of it to Qin Xiaoxian, “The flesh and blood of this beast is a great tonic, three days on this Dragon Lock Island, it won’t do without something to replenish it ……”
After the man in the suit said, he directly took the other half of the snow rat and ate it, his mouth full of blood, the man in the suit didn’t care at all.
Qin Xiaoxian on the side saw this scene, almost did not vomit, he had never eaten like this before.
Qin Xiaoxian looked at the man in the suit and smiled, and also started to eat in big bites.
Only Qin Xiaoxian’s eyes carried a bit of smugness, he followed the man in the suit to ally with him, but it was only a stopgap measure, when the day he left the island, he would find a way to get rid of the man in the suit, otherwise word would get out that their Qin family had actually followed the evil cultivator to cooperate, the Qin family ancestor would not spare him.