Behind Huo Yuanting was that Huo Dong who had been expelled from the clan long ago, at this time Huo Dong was dressed in a black brocade robe with a jade crown on his head, his eyes were deep and his face had a haughty look on it.
Even after being expelled from the sect, even when facing these elders, Huo Dong was expressionless!
‘Sect Master, now that you are in a position of power and have welcomed back the Gongzi, whoever is disobedient behind you will be directly locked up, just like that Elder Hu, just directly lock him up for thirty years.’
At this time, a slim elder got up and touted at Huo Yuan Ting!
‘Right, right now the entire Purple Flame Sect is under Sect Master Huo’s say-so, even if Elder Yu and the rest of those fellows are unhappy in their hearts, they wouldn’t dare to do anything about it, would they still dare to rebel?’
Another elder chimed in!
Huo Yuan Ting hears this and doesn’t say anything, instead his eyes look towards the last, bloated, eyes slightly closed Elder!
‘Elder Tian, do you have any comments?’
Huo Yuan Ting asked!
And only then did this Elder Tian leisurely open his eyes and slowly said, ‘For as long as the Divine Flame Seal is not in our hands, for as long as Sect Leader Huo’s position is unstable, the old Sect Leader abdicated even though he was ill with a disease, but he still has a daughter.’
‘If that Divine Flame Seal falls into Zhu Ling’s hands, I think the entire Purple Flame Sect is afraid that not many people will listen to Sect Master Huo.’
‘Moreover, the male son was expelled from the sect, and now that he’s been welcomed back by the Sect Master, how many people will have grudges in their hearts, and those grudges are bound to erupt at some point.’
Elder Tian’s words caused everyone to keep their mouths shut!
Huo Yuan Ting’s face was also grave, he himself knew how this Sect Master position came about.
The old Sect Master had been secretly drugged by him and had become a little crazy, and would fall ill from time to time, which was why he had no choice but to abdicate!
And although he is now the master of the door, but only acting master of the door, and not really sit firmly in the position of the master of the door!
If you want to sit firmly in the position of Sect Master, you must get the Divine Flame Seal in order to command the Purple Flame Sect!
This Divine Flame Seal was like the Jade Seal of Passage!
Only after getting it would it be considered legitimate!
‘Old man Zhu put the Divine Fire Seal into the Divine Volcano many years ago, so I guess he prevented anyone from prying into the position of Sect Master.’
‘Now that he’s long mad, the divine volcano isn’t even able to open, so how else can this divine fire seal be taken out?’
Huo Yuan Ting said with a light sigh!
‘Sect Master, that Elder Cui is able to use the array disc to open the Divine Volcano, only that this fellow is greasy and hard, so he probably won’t listen to us.’
That slim elder said!
‘There is no need to beg that Elder Cui, as long as the Sect Master convenes a meeting of Elders, and all the Elders resolve to open the Divine Volcano, then Elder Cui will only be able to open it, does he dare to go against the rules of the Sect!’
An elder said!
‘That’s easy to say, how could Elder Yu and the others agree, I guess they’ve been thinking about how to push that Zhu Ling to the top.’
The elder with a slim figure retorted!
‘Alright, don’t argue, the matter of the Elders’ resolution will be discussed in a few days, but for my son Huo Dong to rejoin the clan, you must all raise your hands in agreement.’
‘As for the others opposing, I’ll just pretend I don’t see it, there is no room for discussion on this matter anyway!’
Huo Yuan Ting knocked on the table and said!
‘Dad, I’m returning to the sect, and I’m only helping you to sit in the position of the sect, I don’t want to stay in the sect at all, it’s the outside world that’s exciting.’
‘And I’m coming back this time, I must f*ck that Zhu Ling, it’s all because of her that I was kicked out of the sect.’
‘As long as that Zhu Ling becomes my woman, there won’t be anyone in the entire Purple Flame Sect who will be a threat to you.’
Huo Dong said with the corners of his mouth slightly raised and his eyes slightly condensed!
‘My lord, you must not be impulsive, I heard that that Zhu Ling does not go out the entire day, she has been cultivating, and it is estimated that her strength has already reached the ninth rank of the Transitional Abruptions Realm.’
That slim elder hurriedly persuaded Huo Dong!