Until after realising that Su Yuqi was not a mapped out illusion, Chen Ping’s eyes instantly burst into tears!
“Yuqi, is this real? Is it real?”
Chen Ping asked in disbelief.
“Really, it’s all true ……”
Su Yuqi had already burst into tears by now too!
Two lovers who have been separated for so long have finally met at this moment!
Although each other have a lot of words to ask each other, but at this time, no one can say it!
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi’s pearly face, at the lover he had longed for, he couldn’t hold back any longer!
He kissed her directly …………
Su Yuqi also responded to Chen Ping!
At this moment, the two of them forgot everything and only had each other in their eyes!
This kiss was so intense that the sky and the earth shook …………
The two of them forgot all about each other!
The actual fact is that you can find a lot of people who are looking for food.
“Oh no, I forgot I was here to find food, Mei’er is still hungry now!”
Su Yuqi said hurriedly!
“Mei’er? Wu Mei’er? Is she here too?”
Chen Ping asked with a face full of surprise.
“I’ll explain to you later, you should first find some food with me and talk about it when we get back ……”
Su Yuqi urged Chen Ping to find something to eat as well.
Soon the two of them found some wild fruits and wild vegetables and then rushed back!
On the way, Su Yuqi followed Chen Ping and explained, and only then did Chen Ping learn that Xiao Ru and Wu Mei’er had actually been captured by the demon amba*sador within this secret territory as well!
However, Chen Ping was very interested in the book that Mr. Shi had given to Wu Mei’er!
I wonder how Mr. Shi knew that Wu Mei’er and Xiao Ru would be able to meet him?
Could it be that he had guessed that the two of them would be captured by the Demon Heart Sect and thrown into this secret realm?
And why did the Demon Heart Sect want to capture the two of them?
These questions also plagued Chen Ping at the same time!
Soon Chen Ping and Su Yuqi arrived at the place and saw that Wu Mei’er was already lying breathlessly on the ground, with Xiao Ru tending to her!
Xiao Ru heard someone approaching, so she looked up, and when she spotted Chen Ping, she froze straight away!
Immediately afterwards, she scurried up, “Brother Chen Ping …… never thought I would really see you ……”
Xiao Ru exclaimed excitedly, causing Wu Mei’er, who was lying on the ground, to struggle to lift her head, and the moment she saw Chen Ping, her body also seemed to be filled with strength and she stood up straight away!
After a few happy pleasantries, they let Wu Mei’er eat some wild fruits to replenish her strength!
Only then did Wu Mei’er take out the book that Mr. Shi had given her and said, “This is what Mr. Shi asked to give you, none of us have ever opened it!”
Chen Ping took the ancient book and at once a strange aura came from it!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, then looked at Su Yuqi and said, “Yuqi, have you taken this book yet?”
“Took it, but didn’t open it!”
Su Yuqi said.
“Then did you feel that there was a strange aura inside this book?” Chen Ping continued to ask.
“No, I didn’t feel anything, it was just an ordinary book!”
Su Yuqi shook her head and said.
“That’s strange.” Chen Ping was full of amazement, and then opened the book!
But when the book was opened, everyone froze!
Because there was not a single word inside the book, it was all white paper.
“This …… this how come there is nothing inside the book?”
Xiao Ru asked incredulously.
“Chen Ping, could this be a strange book that requires a specific method to see what’s inside?”
Su Yuqi said.
“It’s possible ……”
Chen Ping nodded, then a ray of spiritual energy surged in, but the book in his hand still didn’t change much, still not a single word!
Chen Ping even used a magic spell, but it was still useless, there was still nothing inside the book!