After a good half day, the crowd gathered around and a middle aged pharmacist said to Chen Ping “Young man …… No no no, this master, can you let us take a look at the Jade Clear Pill that you have refined?”
“Of course!” Chen Ping unapologetically threw the refined Jade Clear Pill over!
That middle-aged pharmacist pressed the Jade Clear Pill and observed it carefully, and those if the others also came forward and looked at it carefully!
Only to see that Chen Ping’s refined Jade Clear Pill was full of colour and medicinal aroma, at a glance, one could tell that it was of the very best quality!
These people were all pharmacists and knew their trade.
“It’s so perfect, this is the most perfect Jade Clear Pill I’ve ever seen.”
“To refine such a perfect Jade Clear Pill in just a few minutes, this is nothing short of a miracle!”
“To have this kind of alchemy at such a young age, he can definitely become a Pill Immortal existence in the future.”
The crowd continuously praised Chen Ping’s Jade Clear Pill!
Even the Pill Immortal who had fallen and sat on the ground had climbed up at this moment, rushing over and taking the Jade Clear Pill to check it out!
Under examination, Pill Dignitary’s face became incomparably ugly!
The Jade Clear Pill that Chen Ping had refined was indeed perfect, and it had even induced a Dan Cloud, and just by this means, Pill Dignitary knew that he had already lost!
“Mr Chen, I didn’t expect you to be so powerful ……”
Ji Cheng looked at Chen Ping in shock!
He never thought that the friend that Ji Yun had casually brought along would have such awesome alchemy skills!
Even their Yellow and Blue City’s Pill Zun was defeated!
At this moment, Ji Cheng had even more respect for Chen Ping!
“Pill Exalt, I wonder who lost and who won in our match?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards that Pill Exalt!
The Pill Dignitary looked at Chen Ping with a face of embarrassment and shame and spoke “You won ……”
“Since I won, does this mansion and all the immortal herbs belong to me?”
Chen Ping smiled faintly!
“Yes, I will take you to the place where the immortal herbs are kept, and after the handover, I will leave.”
The Pillfather nodded!
Although this Pill Dignitary was particularly arrogant and quite lustful, it was still considered to be somewhat imposing, after all, he dared to take the blame when he lost!
Seeing that this Pillfather was still a bit arrogant, Chen Ping said, “I’m just passing through here, I don’t have the time to manage this mansion and the many Immortal Herbs, so you can continue to stay here and help me manage it.”
Pill Zun slightly stunned, then understand over Chen Ping’s intention, full of excitement said “Thank you Mr Chen, I will do my best to help Mr Chen to guard this place …….”
“Master, please accept me as your disciple ……”
“Master, take me, take me ……”
“Master Chen, I love you, I’ll do anything for you, I’ll sleep with you!”
Many pill masters had fallen on their knees, wanting to worship Chen Ping as their master!
While some female pill masters were shamelessly trying to seduce Chen Ping with their bodies!
Only Chen Ping didn’t pay any attention to these people, and instead, he let Pill Honour lead the way to get the Immortal Herb.
After getting the Song Chicken Grass, Chen Ping and Ji Cheng returned to the Ji Family!
Already having enough Immortal Grass, Chen Ping began to refine the pills!
And within that time, Ji Cheng followed Ji Lianjun and told him what he had seen and heard in the Apothecary Society in its original form!
“What? You didn’t lie to me, right? Even that Pill Dignitary was defeated under that Mr Chen?”
Ji Lian Jun said with a surprised expression!
“Dad, it’s true, Mr Chen’s alchemy can be said to be the peak of excellence, you are the one who didn’t see that, that originally arrogant Pill Zun also lowered his head in front of Mr Chen.”
Ji Cheng was just thrilled when he remembered that moment at the Pill Elder’s mansion!
“It’s unbelievable, I didn’t think that the friend that your sixth brother brought would be so powerful, so it seems that your grandfather’s illness is really saved.”
Ji Lian Jun sighed!
“Definitely saved, I just don’t know where Sixth Brother made friends with a pharmacist like Mr Chen.”
Ji Cheng said curiously.