Seeing that the boss of the Five Warriors was indeed injured, the green-clothed deacon then looked towards Chen Ping and swept a cold glance, “You were in the middle of the neighbourhood, making a big fuss and injuring people, now come with me, you have to be locked up for a few days!”
“You guys can lock me up just because you say so, what are you guys?”
“I did injure that guy’s arm, but don’t you guys ask why?”
“These beasts hit people in the street and molested a little girl, let alone pinching his arm, I wouldn’t be too far off even if I had to take their lives.”
“As soon as you guys came here you want to arrest me and leave, let’s see if you guys have that ability.”
Chen Ping was not the least bit accustomed to this hasty law enforcement cultivator!
These guys must all be from the Ouyang family as well, after all, in the entire Pill God Island, the Ouyang family was the most powerful, and Ouyang Wufeng’s father was the Island Lord, which was what made all of these subordinates from the Ouyang family also go unseen!
“You really have a lot of guts, even daring to scold the Law Enforcement Deacon of Medicine God Island, it looks like you don’t know the rules of Medicine God Island at all.”
The Five Warriors Boss laughed when he saw Chen Ping following the Ouyang Clan’s people who were also tugging so much!
Now, without them having to do anything, these law enforcement deacons would not let Chen Ping go!
As expected, several law enforcement deacons frowned and directly surrounded towards Chen Ping!
In Pill God Island, no one had dared to talk to them like this!
As for Chen Ping, he did not have the slightest fear towards the several Law Enforcement Deacons!
“Is this guy a new pill master on the island? Doesn’t even know the rules.”
“Daring to insult even the island’s law enforcement deacons, isn’t this looking for death?”
“He must not know that this Pill God Island is surnamed Ouyang, and these people are all from the Ouyang family.”
“Wait and watch the fun, this time when the Pill Masters Conference is held, and so many pill masters suddenly come to the island, there must be some who don’t follow the rules.”
When the crowd saw that a few law enforcement deacons were about to make a move on Chen Ping, they all gloated and hid to the side to watch the fun!
However, this scared Old Miao!
He had brought Miao Miao to Pill God Island for quite some time, so of course he knew the rules of the island!
Even more so, he knew that these Law Enforcement Deacons were not to be messed with, these were all people from the Ouyang Family!
“Several Lord Deacons, he just came to the island, he doesn’t know the rules, I still hope that you will be generous!”
Elder Miao said, pulling out all the medicinal herbs he had on him, things of value!
He wanted to bribe these people not to make a move against Chen Ping!
However, the green-clothed deacon just gave a faint look and casually knocked Miao Lao to the ground!
“Old thing, treating us like beggars, how dare you dismiss me with some rags?”
The green-clothed deacon said with great annoyance!
Chen Ping frowned and helped Miao Lao up, coldly looking at the several law enforcement deacons, “What else would you do besides bullying the weak?”
“Today, I will teach you all a lesson and let you know that you have to restrain yourselves even when you are dogs.”
“Damn it, looking for death!”The green-clothed deacon was furious and led his men to make a move against Chen Ping!
“Stop!”Along with a furious shout, a figure stepped into the air!
“My subordinates, see you, Young Lord!”
Seeing the visitor, several law enforcement deacons immediately knelt down!
It turned out to be Ouyang Wufeng who had arrived, the young lord of the Ouyang family!
“Young Lord Ouyang ……”
Seeing Ouyang Wufeng, the Five Heroes of the South Square were also filled with fawning faces as they came up to him!
The son of the Pill God Island’s Island Master, no one dared to mess with him in this Pill God Island, I’m afraid!
Ouyang Wufeng, however, didn’t even look at that South Square Five Warriors and a few deacons, but instead looked at Chen Ping and asked, “Fellow Daoist Chen, are you alright?”
“I’m fine!”Chen Ping shook his head!
“It is because of our poor discipline that we almost let our men offend Fellow Daoist Chen.”
“I wonder what exactly happened? Made Fellow Daoist Chen so annoyed?”
Ouyang Wu Feng could be described as extremely polite to Chen Ping!