“Mr. Chen, thanks for saving my life ……”
Someone thanked Chen Ping!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping, maybe all of them would have been drained of their strength and died!
“Thank you Mr. Chen ……”
“Thank you ……”
A number of people began to say thank you.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, nodded slightly as a return gesture!
“Chen Ping, your strength is far higher than I imagined ……”
Zhou Jie stepped forward and said with a surprised look on her face.
“My strength, I myself don’t even know at what height.”
Chen Ping smiled lightly.
Over the past year or so, Chen Ping had always felt as if his path had been mapped out to march forward!
This was perhaps the path that his own father had laid out for him.
But since Chen Ping had set foot on this path, no matter how difficult it was, he would go on.
“Now that your business is done, do you have time to make a trip to the Demon Spirit Sect with me?”
Zhou Jie asked.
“My girlfriend hasn’t been rescued yet, I have to go and rescue her first ……”
Chen Ping couldn’t wait to rush towards the Martial Union!
Zhou Jie shook her head, and then followed suit.
When Chen Ping arrived at the Martial Dao Alliance, at this time, the Martial Dao Alliance had long been taken over by Long Xing Xu with his men.
Only because the dungeon was protected by a formation, Long Xingxu and his men could not enter!
Chen Ping walked up to the false mountain and gently touched his palm to it, and a talisman began to float in the air, and it glowed with a faint light.
This was the spell formation that protected the dungeon, and as the spell formation flashed, Chen Ping’s eyes swiftly swept over those talismans, and then with a glance, he found where the eye of the formation was!
With the Dragon Cutting Sword in hand, Chen Ping cut out his sword, instantly destroying that formation eye, and the spell formation disappeared in this instant.
With a gentle push, the dungeon door opened, and Chen Ping rushed into the dungeon impatiently.
Gu Ling’er and the girls all followed him in, for they too had not seen Su Yuqi for a long time.
Rushing into the dungeon, Su Yuqi was still locked up in the corner room, only this time, Su Yuqi had bruises on her body!
“Yu Qi …………”
Looking at the wounds on Su Yuqi’s body, Chen Ping felt a pang of guilt and heartache inside.
“Yu Qi, Yu Qi ……”
Gu Ling’er was also shouting loudly.
Su Yuqi looked surprised when she saw Chen Ping and Gu Ling’er coming with them.
“You guys …… how did you get in here?”
Su Yuqi knew that this was the Martial Alliance dungeon, it was not that easy to get in.
“Yuqi, Chen Ping has already destroyed the Martial Dao Alliance, we will get you out now.”
Gu Ling’er stepped forward and her hands pushed hard, trying to open the cell door that held Su Yuqi!
But no matter how hard Gu Ling’er pushed, the cell door wouldn’t budge!
“Ling’er, don’t waste your energy, it won’t open.”
Su Yuqi shook her head towards Gu Ling’er.
Gu Ling’er looked towards Chen Ping, she knew that Chen Ping must have a way.
“Ling’er, you guys back off ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, a light faintly flickered above his palms, and then he gently pressed down on the cell door!
Soon, the entire cell glowed brightly, and a rune flickered around it, constantly rotating around it!
This was the spell formation that controlled the entire cell, and as soon as the formation was revealed, Chen Ping could find out where the eyes of the formation were!
Chen Ping carefully searched for the eyes of the formation from the complicated runes!
Boom …………
Chen Ping struck out violently, smashing his fist into a certain spot of the spell formation!
This punch caused the whole dungeon to tremble and Chen Ping was personally knocked out by the huge recoil, but the spell formation was intact.
This proved that Chen Ping’s search for the formation eye was wrong.
Chen Ping did not give up, still searching carefully, and then swung his fist again!
This time, it was the same result, Chen Ping’s body was sent flying!
After a dozen attempts in a row, by now, Chen Ping was already drenched in sweat and blood was flowing from the corners of his mouth!