“It’s not like I’ve done anything, you guys don’t need to give me this big salute, right?”
At this moment, an old Taoist holding a duster slowly came from the sky!
Seeing the old Taoist that appeared, Xiao Yuan Shan and the others were excited, he thought that what had just happened was also done by this old Taoist!
“It’s him?”
Chen Ping looked someone surprised when he saw the visitor!
This was because the person who came was none other than Lin Keting’s master, Daoist Wuji!
Zuo Tianzheng and the others, all of them frowned at the sudden appearance of Daoist Wuji!
They also all didn’t expect that Daoist Wuji’s strength would be terrifying to such an extent!
The divine souls of more than a hundred thousand generals, all of which had disappeared, had been hardened and pulled back!
This is too outrageous, isn’t it?
Even if it’s an immortal, it doesn’t necessarily have this kind of means ah!
“Senior ……,” Chen Ping saw Daoist Wuji and rushed forward to greet him!
Anyways, Daoist Wuji had also saved him several times!
Daoist Wuji looked at Chen Ping’s weakened appearance and said with slight anger, “My disciple’s man, becoming like this, what a disgrace ……”
After saying that, Daoist Wuji directly pulled out a colourful pill from his pocket and threw it to Chen Ping!
“Eat it!”Daoist Wuji said indifferently!
Chen Ping took the medicinal pill and without the slightest hesitation, he directly threw it into his mouth!
The pill melted in his mouth, and in an instant, Chen Ping only felt the breath in his body skyrocket!
Xiao Yuanshan and the others saw that Daoist Wuji was running towards Chen Ping, and Chen Ping was also the man of that Daoist Wuji’s disciple!
It seemed that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty was saved, and Chen Ping was really the chance of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Senior, did you come to save me on purpose?”Chen Ping gratefully looked at Daoist Wuji and asked!
“No!”
Daoist Wuji shook his head, and then with a wave of his duster, a hidden shadow slowly appeared!
“Daoist Wuji?”Seeing that virtual shadow, Chen Ping was somewhat surprised!
“Senior brother, I did not expect that after many years of absence, you have become a weakling.”
Daoist Wuji said with a faint smile!
“Senior brother, after so many years, your strength has actually declined so slowly, it seems that you were not greatly affected by the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation.”
Seeing the sudden appearance of Daoist Wuji, Daoist Wufei looked a little surprised and said!
“Ai, it’s not working, it’s not working!”
Daoist Wuji sighed, then looked towards that tenth highness!
“Little waif, heaven has the virtue of goodness, I shouldn’t have hit you, a little child.”
“But you injured my senior brother, so I had no choice but to strike.”
Daoist Wuji looked helpless and said!
The Tenth Highness looked coldly at Daoist Wuji, then snorted coldly and said, “Old mongrel, are you here to seek death as well?”
“I’m looking for your mother ……”
The duster in Daoist Wuji’s hand swung violently!
Buzz!
The heavens and earth trembled as the void squeezed towards together!
The Ten Highnesses’ pupils shrunk violently, and the long golden blade in his hand blocked directly in front of his body!
He didn’t have the chance to strike the blade, it was simply too late!
Boom!
Accompanied by a burst of white light exploding, His Highness’s entire body instantly flew backwards, like a cannonball being shot out!
The golden longsword in his hand also directly turned into ashes.
When the people of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty saw this, they were overjoyed!
Originally, they were all dead!
But a saviour suddenly appeared!
This feeling of suddenly escaping from death caused everyone in the Xiao Imperial Dynasty to become ecstatic!
There were even people who couldn’t stop laughing!
With a slight strike, the Tenth Highness who had suppressed the crowd flew backwards!
This kind of strength, it was frighteningly strong!
Seeing this, Daoist Wufei and Grandmaster Limitless actually let out a soft sigh at the same time!
“Master Limitless, what happened to you?”
Xiao Jian asked at Master Limitless!
“Ai, if I wasn’t trapped for so many years, I would have been able to easily slap away this little than pup.”
Master Limitless said!
Before the God-Devil War, they were all Immortals of the Heavenly Realm!
Where had they ever looked squarely at cultivators below Immortals!
Even if the other party was a Divine Race, so what?
The Divine Race was just self-appointed nobility, and in the eyes of others, it was just a bunch of condescending guys!