Mu Yao’s face turned green with anger when he saw Chen Ping being so rampant, but even though he was angry, he was not stupid!
Chen Ping was so reckless, there must be some kind of conspiracy!
Chen Ping saw Mu Yao hesitate, so he mocked even more, “What, are you afraid? Isn’t your Mu family awesome?”
“I think they’re all just goons as well, let me tell you, I’m the one who killed your Mu family’s youngest master, Mu Kui.”
“At that time, he even knelt down and called me grandpa to spare him.”
Chen Ping irritated all the Mu family members!
Bing Lu and the girls looked at Chen Ping, listening to Chen Ping mocking the Mu family, and one by one, they also became relaxed from the nervousness they had just felt!
Mu Yao gritted his teeth and clenched his fists, but he did not rush over!
Instead, there were two Mu family members who just couldn’t help themselves!
“Bold brat, dare to humiliate my Mu Family like this, looking for death ……”
The two Mu Family experts leapt towards Chen Ping!
But the two men’s bodies had just leapt over the crack when suddenly a sharp aura rushed out from that crack!
The two Mu Clan experts were instantly chopped to pieces, and the broken pieces of their bodies fell into the crack!
However, this time, a loud noise actually came out from within the crack!
Chen Ping was stunned, he did not expect that there were still creatures surviving in the crack!
Listening to the roar, it sounded like that of a demonic beast, and like a scream coming from the depths of hell!
Mu Yao was also confused, looking at the two Mu family members who died instantly and tragically, his eyes were filled with anger!
He knew that they were still fooled by this Chen Ping fellow!
He must have known that this rift could not be easily crossed, so he had deliberately provoked himself!
“Everyone, don’t fall for it, no one is allowed to be travelling through this rift, there is something odd in this rift!”
Mu Yao barked at the Mu Family crowd!
Seeing that Mu Yao wouldn’t fall for it, Chen Ping simply left him alone and commanded Bing Lu and the others to hurry up and collect the Polar Stones!
“Elder, the crack you cut out with this sword, how come it seems like there are still living creatures surviving within the crack?”
r> Chen Ping asked to the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“How would I know, it’s been thousands of years, it’s not surprising that other creatures are surviving inside!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said!
Chen Ping thought that it was right, so he stopped asking, but the creatures that were able to survive in the middle of this rift were also definitely very strong!
After collecting the thousands of Polar Stones, Chen Ping brought Bing Lu and the girls along the crack and continued to walk forward!
Mu Yao could only watch on, gritting his teeth in anger!
“Uncle Mu, how did they get through this crack? They can’t go round it, right?”
A Mu family member asked!
“Not bad, they probably went around, let’s go find where we can go around!”
Mu Yao led the Mu family members away!
And right at this moment!
Within the polar region, there was a team of a full hundred people entering it!
This was the largest team that had entered within the polar region!
However, this team of a hundred people was wearing five different coloured costumes!
The five people in front of them, four of them were all at the 8th level of the Transition Realm, while the other one was obviously a bit stronger and had just been promoted to the 9th level of the Transition Realm!
These people were the people from the five great clans!
“Patriarch Hai, we have travelled thousands of miles to come here, I hope what you say is true.”
Patriarch Luo of the Tian Luo Sect said!
Patriarch Luo had just been promoted to the ninth rank of the Transition Realm at this moment, and his position as the head of the five great clans was even more solidified!
The five great clans were already separated after the incident with Chen Ping!
Patriarch Luo also knew that Hai Dafu and the others had rebel intentions!
That was why he had been catching up on his cultivation during this period of time and never left the Five Great Sect Residences!
Just a short while ago, Patriarch Luo broke through to the ninth level of the Transition Realm!
Inwardly, he was very happy, so his guard against Hai Dafu and the others was relaxed!
After all, he was now a realm higher than the others, so as long as Hai Dafu and the others weren’t stupid, they wouldn’t turn against themselves!