“Yes, yes, yes, how can that Jiang Zhengde follow Uncle Wolf, Uncle Wolf is a Grand Master ……”
Qin Feng felt that he had said the wrong thing and hurriedly changed his words!
Now Qin Feng’s reliance was on this wild wolf, he didn’t dare to offend the wild wolf, don’t look at him as the youngest master of the Qin family, but for these grand masters inside the family, Qin Feng had to be respectful!
“Kid, if you kneel down and apologise now, I might be able to make your death a little more painful, or else I’ll make your life worse than death!”
Wild Wolf said, his aura rose abruptly, and the momentum of his mighty pressure instantly filled the entire room!
Qin Feng only felt a tightness in his heart and his breathing began to become difficult!
Gu Ling’er felt the oppressive pressure and directly turned pale, her whole face turned pale, her eyes widened and her mouth grew so big that she could barely catch her breath!
Seeing this, Chen Ping gently took Gu Ling’er’s hand with one hand, a pure spiritual energy entered Gu Ling’er’s body, Gu Ling’er instantly felt a warm current pa*sing through her whole body, and was instantly soothed!
Wild Wolf gathered his Qi and looked at Chen Ping coldly!
“Chen Ping, with Uncle Wolf here, you can’t escape even if you have three heads and six arms, now be a good boy and kneel down and apologise.”
Qin Feng said to Chen Ping with a smug look on his face!
When Gu Ling’er saw Qin Feng referring to herself as Chen Ping’s woman, her face suddenly flushed and she stole a glance at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was indifferent and smiled coldly, “If you have that ability, you can give it a try!”
As soon as the words left his mouth, Chen Ping’s figure disappeared!
Everyone was stunned, then Qin Feng felt a dangerous aura coming over him and instinctively tried to dodge, but it was simply too late!
Chen Ping kicked Qin Feng in the lower part of his body, followed by a cracking sound!
Qin Feng’s face instantly turned red, and his entire body directly clenched his legs!
“Ahh ………………”
A scream that cut through the sky came out of Qin Feng’s mouth!
Looking at Qin Feng like that, those two experts from the Qin family all unconsciously covered their fatal places with their hands!
That wild wolf couldn’t help but tremble, he didn’t react for a moment!
By the time he reacted, Chen Ping had already returned to his original position!
“Qin Feng, Qin Feng …………”
Wild Wolf looked at Qin Feng like that and kept shouting!
And then look at Qin Feng’s bottom, long ago, blood flowing like water, the whole person is considered ruined, do not know if he can still make a man!
“Wolf …… Uncle Wolf, kill …… kill him ………… ”
Intense pain, so that Qin Feng almost can not say words!
“Good, you wait, I will take revenge for you!”
Wild Wolf turned to look at Chen Ping angrily, but there was a hint of excitement in his heart!
Now that Qin Feng was wasted, then after killing Chen Ping, Gu Ling’er would be his own!
“Kid, take your life …………”
Wild Wolf slammed his fist at Chen Ping, but he didn’t use his full strength, because in this small room, if he used his full strength, the whole house might collapse, he wasn’t afraid, he was afraid that Gu Ling’er would also suffer!
Facing Wild Wolf’s fist, Chen Ping’s face was indifferent as he directly reached out and grabbed Wild Wolf’s fist with one hand!
At this moment, Wild Wolf’s fist was only two punches away from Chen Ping, but this distance prevented him from advancing even a little bit!
This sudden change of events caused Qin Feng, who had almost fainted from the pain, to freeze, knowing that this Wild Wolf was a Grand Master, how could he have been caught by Chen Ping with such a flick of the wrist?
“That’s all you’ve got, and you want my life?”
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, his eyes filled with disdain!