“Most likely, let’s go down the mountain ……”
Mu Naiyi waved his hand and led the Mu Family crowd down the mountain!
At the entrance of the cave, there was still a flickering halo of light, and it was estimated that it wouldn’t be long before the Mu Family crowd would be able to discover the cave as well.
At this moment, Chen Ping was still observing and comprehending the formation in front of him!
Suddenly Chen Ping moved a little, and then walked towards the courtyard!
Seeing this, Bing Lu and the others rushed forward to pull Chen Ping, “Mr Chen, it’s dangerous, don’t be impulsive.”
The two puppets had just instantly become crumbs, Chen Ping would definitely be in danger if he ventured in like this!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the others were also startled by Chen Ping.
“Fellow Daoist Chen, if you find a way to break the formation, we can try together, you must not enter it alone, it is too dangerous.”
“Just now, my two puppets instantly became crumbs, that was built with a particularly rare wu stone, very hard, but it still can’t carry it, don’t take the risk.”
Ouyang Zhenhua also advised Chen Ping!
Chen Ping’s flesh was mortal, and he did not yet have the slightest protection on his body, if he went in like this, would he not be looking for death!
Bing Lu and the girls stopped Chen Ping dead in his tracks, not allowing him to take any risks!
“Don’t worry, if I am not sure, would I not act easily.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly, then passed through the middle of Bing Lu and the others!
Bing Lu, Lan Yingying with the few remaining Holy Maidens, looked at Chen Ping nervously!
Although Chen Ping said that he was certain, they were still nervous!
If Chen Ping had a shortcoming, they knew what would happen to them!
In this polar region, without Chen Ping’s protection, they would not be able to walk out at all.
And without Chen Ping, these cultivators in front of them did not know what they would do!
Who wouldn’t be tempted to see a curvaceous, good looking woman?
You can’t do harm to others, but you can’t do nothing to prevent them!
These cultivators had all seen Chen Ping’s power, so they were able to suppress the lustful thoughts in their hearts!
But if Chen Ping had an accident, who could guarantee that these people would not make a move on Bing Lu and the others?
In full view of everyone, amidst the nervousness of Bing Lu and the others!
Chen Ping stepped into the compound!
However, there was no sign of that puppet scene, Chen Ping was surprisingly fine at all, and the formations in the compound did not seem to have any reaction!
Whether it was Bing Lu or Ouyang Zhenhua and the others, they were all shocked!
They did not know what exactly Chen Ping had used to make this formation not activate!
Chen Ping, who had walked into the courtyard, had his palms in mid-air, seemingly groping for something!
Soon, the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth smiled slightly, “So that’s how it is, no wonder so many formations can be fused together and have no activation restrictions.”
Chen Ping discovered that these formations were activated and were determined based on the breath, the breath of the cultivator had long been inputted into these formations!
The formations would automatically determine based on the breath, and the person who inputted the breath would enter, and the Spirit Gathering Formation would open, which would allow the person to quickly cultivate.
If the person who enters does not have a breath input into the formation, then the defence formation and the killing formation will be activated at the same time, blocking the intruder out!
This point, on the contrary, struck a deep chord with Chen Ping.
After all, nowadays, after a lot of formation masters had laid down their formations, only they themselves could move freely within the formation, and there was no way for other people to use the formation.
Especially with the fusion of multiple formations, exactly when to open what formation, this use of breath to determine, is also the most convenient.
And with this method of inputting the breath, as long as the breath was inputted, even if the formation master wasn’t present, the person whose breath was inputted would be able to move freely within the formation!
This was a good method, and after Chen Ping learnt this method, he could completely lay down multiple formations and then input his breath, and these formations could then be manipulated by the multiple people who had input their breath.
Chen Ping knew the principle, and a formation was cracked like a fish out of water!