Chen Ping’s move instantly subdued the crowd, and no one dared to go forward to stop Dong Jiahao and Xiao Ru easily.
The two of them also took the opportunity to run out of the palace, Xiao Ru looked back at Chen Ping with a face full of painful tears, and finally was pulled by Dong Jiahao and disappeared without a trace ……
Seeing Dong Jiahao and Xiao Ru leave, Chen Ping heaved a sigh of relief, his eyes glowing with a vow of death!
“Come on ……”
Chen Ping was completely free of worry!
“Kill him ……”
Zhu Zhishan’s face was grim as he smashed his fist at Chen Ping, the wind of his fist whistling up, the air resounding with a burst of air bursts.
The moment Zhu Zhishan struck, Long Xiao also struck, as well as Xu Song, who was leading the Martial Alliance, also attacked Chen Ping at the same time!
Several auras intermingled as Chen Ping fought to swing the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and terrifying sword Qi shot out!
Boom …………
The sword qi followed the collision of these several breaths with a loud sound.
The terrifying aftershocks caused the others to be blown to the east and west, while Chen Ping took several steps back, his body smashing heavily against the wall.
At this moment, the aftershocks were rapidly absorbed by the mermaid sculpture, and the cracks on the mermaid sculpture grew larger and larger, and some even began to fall off.
Chen Ping’s face was incomparably ugly, a mouthful of fresh blood gushed into his mouth and was hard pressed down, he did not want these people from Zhu Zhi Shan to see his wretched appearance.
Seeing that several people had joined forces, Chen Ping had actually resisted and did not look like he was hurt in any way, which made Zhu Zhishan’s face turn a little embarra*sed.
“No wonder the top had to want you dead, if you were alive, you would be a threat to everyone ……”
Zhu Zhi Shan said with a gloomy face.
“What I threaten are just those evil people, if you don’t have a ghost in your heart, how can you think I am a threat ……”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Whether I have a ghost in my heart or not is no longer important, what matters is that you must die today ……”
Zhu Zhishan fiercely pulled out the black orb in his arms, “Go on, kill him ……”
Zhu Zhishan threw the black orb, a black light instantly appeared, and also Xu Song and the others directly punched their breath into that one black light!
When Long Xiao saw this, he also waved his hands, and the black mist that had disappeared, now filled out, and the entire palace instantly became eerie and terrifying.
The black fog, together with the black light, made the palace look like a netherworld!
One after another, humanoid after humanoid, in various forms, could be seen in this black mist, attacking towards Chen Ping!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, and the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand was raised high.
The power of several divine dragons surged into the body of the Dragon Chopper Sword, and Chen Ping’s mouth silently recited the Clear Heart Mantra!
Chen Ping, who was prepared, could not let this evil cultivation spell disturb his mind!
As Chen Ping’s heart-clearing incantation became faster and faster, the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand also became brighter and brighter.
Soon, golden light shone on the Dragon Chopper Sword, and the palace, which was originally like hell and filled with black light, was now glittering with golden light.
The black mist receded and the black light was instantly swallowed up by the golden light, and Zhu Zhishan only felt a tightness in his chest and spat out a mouthful of blood!
Chen Ping was overjoyed and seizing this opportunity, he hurriedly waved the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand in the air.
Only a lotus flower flashed out on the tip of Chen Ping’s sword, and the lotus appeared, burning with a light blue flame!
This was a jutsu, Lotus Seal, and the burning flame was a spirit fire that could not be extinguished at all as long as it was contaminated.
As Chen Ping wielded the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand faster and faster, a terrifying pressure pervaded, and the entire palace instantly became incomparably hot!
“Suppression ……”
With a wave of Chen Ping’s sword tip, the lotus that was burning with flames headed directly towards Zhu Zhishan and them, and grew larger and larger in mid-air.