“To be able to make my main body appear, the Xiao Dynasty is something!”
“But not much, just a little bit ……”
The Tenth Highness said with a cold smile!
Seeing the Ten Highness’s main body arrive, the old prime minister then took a deep breath, his hands fiercely clenched tightly, and around his body, a streak of white light began to stir!
The earth slowly cracked open, and from underneath that earth, a seven-foot longsword appeared in front of the old prime minister, who opened his hand to grip that longsword!
“Sword of Shang?”
Seeing this, Yu Wenqiang hurriedly exclaimed in shock!
The Xiao Imperial Dynasty’s Shang Sword had been passed down from generation to generation since the founding of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
It had always been held in the Prime Minister’s hand, in order to use the Shang Sword to chop off the dim ruler above and the treacherous officials below, so that the Xiao Imperial Dynasty could last for a thousand generations!
Because all the successive kings have been virtuous, the Shang Sword has never been touched!
Yu Wenqiang knew of the existence of the Shang Sword, but this was the first time he had seen it!
I didn’t expect this Shang Sword to become a divine weapon to save the Xiao Dynasty at this moment!
The old prime minister held the Shang Sword and took a step forward, then swung out with a sword!
With this sword, ten thousand fathoms of sword awnings covered the sky!
The Sword of the Shang Sword, it’s really powerful!
The vast sword awns, like galloping wild horses, surged towards the Tenth Highness!
The sky and the earth changed colour, the sun and the moon lost their light!
The eyes of the Tenth Highness narrowed slightly as he also took a step out, and the long sword in his hand swung down violently!
At this moment, the Ten Highnesses’ face was devoid of that contemptuous look!
Boom!
The ten thousand foot sword awn was instantly shattered, turning into countless streams of light that disappeared without a trace!
The Old Prime Minister’s body retreated back and forth, exiting a hundred metres away with each step!
Before the Old Prime Minister’s body could stabilise, the long sword in the Tenth Highness’s hand once again slashed out!
Boom!
The Shang Sword in the Old Prime Minister’s hand swung with vigour, and a piercing light flashed by!
Between the collision of the blade and sword qi, the entire Imperial City was reduced to rubble!
His Highness’s body was instantly knocked back dozens of miles, and the longsword in his hand was turned into countless fragments in the process of retreating!
The Ten Highnesses’ body was instantly knocked back dozens of miles, and the long sword in his hand even turned into countless fragments in the process of retreating!
The knife shattered!
Everyone was inwardly surprised, so it seemed that even if that 10th Highness’s original body arrived, it was no match for the Old Prime Minister!
But at this moment, a flash of despair flashed across the Old Prime Minister’s eyes!
The idol shattered with a loud bang, and the Old Prime Minister’s body fell to the ground, his face hard to see!
Looking at the Shang Sword in his hand again, a crack appeared.
Soon enough, the Shang Sword broke apart inch by inch!
The original surprised expressions of the crowd all froze on their faces!
The Old Prime Minister had lost!
It was only then that the crowd saw it!
And yet, that Tenth Highness was not in the slightest bit of trouble, his body reappearing in front of the crowd’s eyes!
Everyone was facing the Tenth Highness, and each of them looked at each other!
The old Prime Minister even used his Imperial Sword, but he still couldn’t hurt this child in front of him!
How can we still fight this battle?
“Old Prime Minister, you ……”
Yu Wenqiang looked at the old prime minister, wanting to ask out loud, still can it work, but seeing the old prime minister that way, Yu Wenqiang still could not say anything.
Fei Wenqiang looked his gaze once again at Master Limitless, while Master Limitless felt Fei Wenqiang’s gaze and hurriedly shook his head!
“Master Limitless, you ……”
Xiao Jian had just opened his mouth, while Grandmaster Limitless hurriedly said, “Second Prince, I really can’t do it anymore, it’s not that I’m afraid of death, it’s just that if I die, no one will be able to lead the Second Prince to comprehend the Buddhist Dharma and retrieve the memories of his past life.”
Everyone stopped talking, at this moment, it was as if a huge mountain was being pressed on everyone’s body!
Dozens of experts from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty were all silent!
These were the bottom cards of the Xiao Imperial Dynasty, but when the bottom cards were out, they did not help!
At this moment, everyone put their eyes on Xiao Feng, who was the Crown Prince!
Now that Xiao Yuanshan did not know where he had gone, then the entire Xiao Dynasty would be in Xiao Feng’s hands!
Xiao Feng only felt that he was under a lot of pressure, but he was not able to do a little bit of anything about it!