“Hahahaha, wild enough, but I like it, this cultivation of yours will immediately belong to me!”
The figure laughed wildly, then instantly dissipated and once again turned into a black mist that directly enveloped Chen Ping!
Chen Ping wanted to devour and refine the black mist, but when he opened his mouth, he suddenly remembered something and dismissed the thought!
The dazzling golden light instantly pierced through the black mist!
The black fog once again coalesced into a human figure, staring at Chen Ping with a deadly stare!
“No wonder a mere Martial Saint’s realm was able to force me out, so you are the Golden Dragon’s true body ……”
“But this body of yours is of no use to me, instead, the power of the divine dragon within you can be lent to me!”
Chen Ping had not reacted before he felt a heavy blow to his chest!
The whole man took a few steps backwards, and a gaping hole appeared in the Unbreakable Golden Body in front of his chest!
Chen Ping’s eyebrows furrowed, a mere remnant soul had such power, so I wonder how terrifying this guy’s original body would be!
“Who the hell are you? Why did you leave a remnant soul of yours inside Patriarch Yue’s body?”
Chen Ping asked at the figure.
“You talk so much, do you think I will tell you?”
“You shouldn’t belong here, but you are meddling, the Hidden Realm is not as simple as you think!”
“Do you really think these hidden sects don’t ask about the world?”
“That’s just that in other places outside the realm, there are no resources that they look at, if there were, do you think these hidden sects would still be indifferent?”
“Remember, human nature is always greedy, and no one is truly uncontested with the world.”
The silhouette finished speaking and struck again, this time with even greater speed, so much so that Chen Ping could not even see the slightest movement!
Boom …………
Another slap hit Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping had retreated a few steps backwards!
The Unbreakable Golden Body completely and slowly disappeared, turning into nothingness!
With two palms, he had directly broken the Unbreakable Golden Body, so it was clear how strong this remnant soul was!
“It seems that if I don’t make a move, you take me for a sick cat ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body erupted with a path of golden light, instantly illuminating the entire room with light!
Immediately afterwards, he swung a fist towards the figure!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
A shadow of a fist, emitting golden light, instantly enveloped the black figure!
“Hahahaha, I’m just a wisp of a remnant soul, how can you still hit me?”
The figure laughed loudly and suddenly transformed into a black mist, and disappeared immediately afterwards!
Then a strong wind struck Chen Ping’s back!
Chen Ping instinctively turned sideways, but was still struck.
Chen Ping’s body lunged forward and smashed the table and chairs directly in front of him!
“Haha, behave yourself, I only need your divine dragon power, your body is still yours, even if you lose your divine dragon power, your strength will not drop much.”
The figure laughed loudly and said to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping frowned, his face growing more and more grave!
Looking around the house, Chen Ping knew that within this room, there was too little time left for Chen Ping to react!
Because the other party was only a wisp of a residual soul, it was difficult to leave behind aura fluctuations even when he was on the move, making it difficult for Chen Ping to catch the other party’s trail!
With a flick of Chen Ping’s wrist, the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in his hand!
Seeing the Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand, a greedy glint emanated from the figure’s eyes!
The power of the divine Dragon was injected into the Dragon Chopper Sword, which shone with a golden light as a golden dragon hovered above its body!
“Chop …………”
Chen Ping slashed out with his sword, countless sword qi filled the room!
Seeing this, the figures instantly turned into clouds of black mist, and the sword aura cut through those black mist and instantly chopped on the surrounding walls!
Rumble …………