A peaceful soft light shone on Chen Ping’s body, causing the aura on Chen Ping’s body to instantly weaken quite a bit, and Chen Ping’s divine sense also began to become in a trance the moment it was illuminated.
The stupa descended from the sky, but just then, Chen Ping’s eyes flashed brilliantly, his divine sense recovered, and the aura within his body opened up to coalesce!
“Stop it ……”
Just when the pagoda looked like it was about to crush Chen Ping, suddenly Dong Jiahao scurried out and stood with Chen Ping all of a sudden.
Seeing this, Dong Liqun hurriedly beckoned his hand and the pagoda in mid-air instantly disappeared.
“Dad, what are you doing?”
Dong Jiahao looked at his father in disbelief.
And following Dong Jiahao in, there was also a middle-aged woman, who at a glance was Dong Jiahao’s mother.
Looking at the ruined home, Dong Jiahao’s mother also looked at Dong Liqun with a bewildered expression, “Liqun, what is going on?”
Dong Liqun’s face turned ugly as he said gloomily, “You guys stay out of it and leave here immediately.”
“Dad, why did you make a move against Brother Chen? If you don’t tell me what’s going on, I won’t leave.”
Dong Jiahao wanted to be clear, the two men were clearly fine when they left on their own, so how come they were fighting now.
Dong Liqun grimaced, but did not know what to say to Dong Jiahao.
He knew only too well what his own son’s character was.
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have made an excuse and sent Dong Jiahao away.
“Your father wants the dragon crystal inside me, and then give it to you ……”
When Dong Liqun did not say anything, Chen Ping said from the side.
When Dong Jiahao heard this, his face instantly became angry and he looked at Dong Liqun, “Dad, is what Brother Chen said true?”
“Jiahao, what I did was for your own good, you are in the young generation, the lowest in strength, how many jokes and criticisms have you attracted.”
“If I hadn’t been in front of you, do you think that with your current strength you would still be able to strut your stuff in Kyoto?”
Dong Liqun roared at Dong Jiahao.
“I don’t need to, I’m as strong as I am, and I cultivate on my own merit, I don’t need to rob others to increase my own cultivation.”
“This kind of behaviour, what’s the difference with an evil cultivator? Thanks to you, you still say all day long that you are a famous and righteous sect and don’t care to follow those people in the Martial Alliance.”
“I think you are not even as good as those people. Although those people are all villains, they are still better than you, a hypocrite.”
“Did you plan this all along, so that I would call Brother Chen here, and you would send me away and then strike at Brother Chen?”
“You’re so shameless ……”
Dong Jiahao roared loudly and angrily at his father, his voice hoarse and his eyes full of anger.
“a*shole ……”
When Dong Liqun saw his son, who dared to say this about himself, he was so angry that he reached out to hit Dong Jiahao.
Only to be pulled back by Dong Jiahao’s mother with a deadly grip.
“What do you want to do? If you dare to hit your son, I am not finished with you ……”
Dong Jiahao’s mother, in a fit of rage, yelled at Dong Liqun.
Dong Liqun looked at his wife and his anger instantly shriveled up.
In this society, no matter how noble one’s status was, fear of one’s wife was fast becoming the norm.
“Brother Chen, sorry for you, when I have the chance, I will personally make amends to you, go away ……”
Dong Jiahao said with a face full of guilt as he looked towards Chen Ping.
Chen Ping looked at Dong Jiahao and didn’t say anything, he didn’t know what to say either, he turned around and prepared to leave.
“No one is allowed to leave ……”
Seeing that Chen Ping was leaving, Dong Liqun hurriedly tried to stop him.
“If you dare to stop, I will die in front of you.”
Dong Jiahao instantly pulled out a dagger and put it to his neck.
Seeing this, Dong Jiahao’s mother’s face instantly changed in fear and hurriedly trembled her body, “Son, listen to your mother, put the dagger down, don’t be a fool.”
“Let Brother Chen go, or I will die, so that the Dong family will be cut off forever.”
Dong Jiahao threatened Dong Liqun.