At this moment, Chen Ping and his group were escorting Prince Huo, rushing forward at full speed!
Their pace was swift, as they no longer worried about revealing their tracks, so they hastened their movements!
Just as they were about to pass the next city, a figure suddenly descended from the sky!
As this figure dropped, it brought with it a powerful sense of oppression.
Chen Ping was puzzled, they were wearing soldiers’ armour, and with Prince Huo in tow, logically, no one in Feihu City should dare attack them.
But just as Chen Ping drew his Dragon-Slaying Sword, ready to fight, he suddenly burst into laughter.
“Master Hu, what are you doing here?”
Chen Ping saw that the figure descending from the sky was none other than Hu Mazi.
Hearing Chen Ping’s voice, Hu Mazi instantly halted, then looked them over and said, “What are you lot up to? I nearly got the wrong idea.”
“We’re wearing this armour to fool Feihu City’s people,” Chen Ping explained, then asked curiously, “How did you get here?”
One must know, the place where Chen Ping and the others were wasn’t Feihu City’s border, it was the core area of Feihu City.
For Hu Mazi, a human, to reach here so easily was surprising.
“I came looking for you lot, worried you were in danger,” Hu Mazi said, then glanced at Prince Huo and asked, “Who’s this bloke? He’s human too?”
“It’s hard to explain in a few words, I’ll tell you when we’re back.”
Chen Ping planned to explain to Hu Mazi later.
But just as they prepared to leave, the space in front of them trembled, followed by a flash of white light, and an elder in a hemp robe appeared, leading a dozen Loose Immortal Realm cultivators.
This elder was none other than the Great Elder of the Eight Halls, and these cultivators weren’t wearing soldiers’ armour, all dressed in the distinctive attire of the temple.
“Great Elder, Great Elder…”
Seeing the elder, Prince Huo immediately shouted!
Chen Ping frowned, stepped forward, and slapped Prince Huo, telling him to shut his mouth.
The Great Elder’s face twisted with rage, and he said coldly, “Who are you people? You dare lay hands on the prince of our Eight Halls?”
As he spoke, the dozen Eight Halls cultivators had already surrounded Chen Ping and his group.
Seeing this, Prince Huo’s arrogant demeanour returned.
“Hmph, let me go, or you’ll all die without a burial place.”
Prince Huo sneered.
*Slap!*
“Let your mum go…”
Chen Ping slapped him again, “Look at the situation, even if you’ve got more people, you’re still in my hands. I’m one hundred percent sure I can turn you into a pile of mush before your people make a move.”
“You…” Prince Huo was furious but didn’t dare act cocky anymore, Chen Ping was telling the truth.
“Young man, I don’t care who you are, release our prince, and I won’t kill you, I’ll let you leave.”
The Great Elder said to Chen Ping.
“Piss off, your temple’s words are as good as farts, I don’t believe a word.”
“If you don’t want your prince to die, clear the way now…”
Chen Ping said, one hand pressing on Prince Huo’s head.
With just a bit of force, Chen Ping could make Prince Huo’s head burst like a watermelon.
But the Great Elder didn’t give the order to move, and for a moment, both sides were at a standstill.
Chen Ping knew that being in Feihu City, a prolonged standoff was the worst for them.
“Mad Immortal, Father-in-law, you two take Niu Ben and get out of Feihu City’s territory, quick.”
“Me and Master Hu will stay and hold off these blokes.”
Chen Ping said!
“Bloody hell, why am I staying? Can’t you stay?”
“I’ve got two women waiting for me back home, I can’t die here.”
Hu Mazi rolled his eyes and said.