But when the figure approached, Minnie was instantly frozen, because in front of her eyes was none other than Chen Ping, who had come back from the dead.
Chen Ping was also curious when he saw how Xiaomin was leading people in a hurry in the middle of the night.
“Mandy, what are you doing with people in the middle of the night?”
Chen Ping asked to Xiaomin.
But instead of answering, Xiaomin stared at Chen Ping with wide eyes and a deadly stare, putting Chen Ping in a foul mood.
“Xiaomin, Xiaomin ……”
Chen Ping shouted twice again.
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
Suddenly, Xiao Min shouted out, followed by rushing into Chen Ping’s arms and crying loudly.
This sudden action of Xiaomin’s confused Chen Ping.
Chen Ping threw up his hands and let Minnie hug and cry.
“Mandy, what is going on?”
Chen Ping saw that Xiao Min had stopped crying, so he asked.
“Brother Chen Ping, I knew you weren’t dead, I knew you couldn’t die ……”
Xiaomin wiped her tears and grinned.
“Who said I was dead?”
Chen Ping was astonished, as he had no idea that Zhu Zhishan had even posted the news of his death in the Martial Arts Union.
“The Martial Dao Alliance in Kyoto, ah, posted it on the Martial Dao Forum, saying that you had been killed by the Martial Dao Alliance’s Alliance Master himself.”
Xiao Min explained.
When Chen Ping heard this, he frowned slightly, he didn’t expect Zhu Zhishan, as the alliance master of the Martial Dao Alliance in Kyoto, to bully the small with the big and kill himself, and still have the face to proclaim it on the Martial Dao Forum.
But this was good, all thought that with his death, Chen Ping would be able to cultivate in peace, and no one would be bothering him.
“How can I be killed so easily, you believe what they say?”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and gently stroked Xiao Min’s hair and said.
“Of course I don’t believe it, my sister doesn’t believe it either, she even told me to take good care of the cave, saying that you would definitely come back.”
Mandy hurriedly shook her head.
“Then where are you taking people to at this late hour?”
Chen Ping asked.
“I went to look for my sister, she went to the Sacred Beast Palace and hasn’t come back yet, I’m a bit worried about her.”
Xiao Min spoke about Ji Ru Xue with worry on her face.
“Went to the Sacred Beast Palace?” Chen Ping frowned slightly, then said, “You take the others back, I’ll go to the Sacred Beast Palace and see if your sister is there!”
“Then I’ll go with you!”
Xiao Min said.
“No, if your sister comes back later and doesn’t see your people, she will definitely be anxious, just wait for your sister at home, I will go to the Sacred Beast Palace to check ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he turned around and headed towards the Sacred Beast Palace.
And at this time, inside the Sacred Beast Palace, Xiao Da was contentedly sitting in the position of the Palace Master!
Right now, the Holy Beast Palace’s strength was greatly reduced, so if he had these hundreds of power gathering pills from the Zhou family, then he would be able to use them to boost the Holy Beast Palace’s strength.
As for that Ji Ruxue, Xiao Da didn’t have the time to care about it, anyway, now that Chen Ping was dead, there was no point in following the Red Lotus Palace to form an alliance or not.
When the Sacred Beast Palace was stronger, Xiao Da planned to directly annex the Red Lotus Palace.
Just when Xiao Da was thinking about the beautiful thing, a disciple of the Sacred Beast Palace suddenly ran in.
“Palace Master there is someone outside asking for an audience ……”
The Sacred Beast Palace disciple said.
“What kind of person is seeing me in the middle of the night?”
Xiao Da asked in confusion.
“He said his name is Chen Ping ……”
The disciple said.
Hearing the word Chen Ping, Xiao Da’s body instantly fell off his seat and his eyes widened in fear, “What did you say? Did you see clearly?”
“He said his name is Chen Ping, I …… haven’t seen it either!”
The disciple said with a helpless face, he had never seen Chen Ping, even if he saw it clearly, he didn’t know if it was true.
Xiao Da’s body was trembling slightly, his heart thumping.
It was clear that the Martial Alliance had made an announcement that Chen Ping had been killed by Zhu Zhishan, so how could he suddenly appear here?