As Chen Ping and Mo Qingyun stepped into the Mo family mansion, dusk was settling in.
Under the ornate, carved eaves, dozens of figures had been waiting for some time.
Leading them was a man in a black brocade robe, with sharp brows and starry eyes that couldn’t hide the malice within, Mo Qingyun’s cousin, Mo Qingchen.
“Mo Qingyun, you still have the nerve to return? Do you realise that because you left without permission, Tianyuan Pavilion has put pressure on our Mo family?”
Mo Qingchen strode forward, his gaze sweeping over Chen Ping, a cold smirk curling his lips, “Bringing back some stray man, you’ve shamed the Mo family!”
Mo Qingyun’s face paled, but before she could speak, Chen Ping stepped forward slightly, saying calmly, “Mo Qingchen, is it? You’d best watch your tongue.”
“Who do you think you are?”
Mo Qingchen roared, “This is Mo family business, you outsider had better sod off.”
Mo Qingchen glared at Mo Qingyun, continuing viciously, “Tianyuan Pavilion is pressuring the Mo family because of you, dragging the whole clan into this mess! If you hadn’t been flirting about, how would Young Master Tianci have been provoked?”
“Enough!”
Mo Qingyun’s father, Mo Wuji, emerged from a room, raising a hand to silence Mo Qingchen.
His gaze towards his daughter was complex, a mix of reproach and heartache, “Qingyun, do you know Tianyuan Pavilion has sent word? They demand… they demand you marry Young Master Tianci in three days.”
“Father!”
Mo Qingyun exclaimed, “I have no feelings for that Tianci, it’s just a transaction! You promised me…”
“Silence!”
Mo Qingchen cut in, “The family has shielded you for years, and now all we ask is that you marry into Tianyuan Pavilion for peace, yet you bring back a stray man to slap the family’s face? And this bloke…”
Mo Qingchen suddenly turned to Chen Ping, his eyes venomous, “Just a third-grade Loose Immortal, how can he compare to Young Master Tianci?”
Some Mo family elders chimed in, “Patriarch, this nobody’s tangled with Miss Qingyun, now dragging the family into Tianyuan Pavilion’s crosshairs. He must be punished severely!”
“Indeed, cripple his cultivation and hand him over to Tianyuan Pavilion as an apology!”
The Mo family elders were all targeting Chen Ping!
Mo Wuji’s face darkened, his fists clenching and unclenching, clearly weighing the pros and cons.
Chen Ping, seeing this, suddenly chuckled, “The Mo family, famed as a noble clan of the Second Heaven, yet you’d sacrifice your daughter’s happiness for peace? A bunch of spineless cowards, and you dare speak of honour?”
“Insolent!”
One Mo family elder slammed the table, rising, “Who are you to cause a scene in our Mo family?”
Mo Qingchen’s face turned ashen, pointing sharply at Chen Ping, “Guards, teach this arrogant brat a lesson!”
Four Mo family guards charged forward, all third-grade Loose Immortals, their momentum fierce as they lunged at Chen Ping!
Four third-grade Loose Immortals against one third-grade Loose Immortal, more than enough!
“Chen Ping, don’t kill them!”
Mo Qingyun wasn’t worried for Chen Ping, only reminding him not to kill.
These were, after all, her Mo family’s men!
At Mo Qingyun’s words, the other Mo family members shot her disapproving looks.
Clearly, Mo Qingyun’s implication was that the four third-grade Loose Immortals of the Mo family couldn’t beat Chen Ping alone!
Chen Ping nodded to Mo Qingyun, then, without even lifting his eyelids, casually waved a hand.
Boom!
The four guards seemed to slam into an invisible wall, flying back in unison, crashing hard against the hall’s pillars, coughing up blood!
“What?”
Mo Qingchen’s pupils shrank.
He could clearly sense Chen Ping was only a third-grade Loose Immortal, so how could he…
The other Mo family members were equally stunned. Chen Ping was just a third-grade Loose Immortal, yet with a casual wave, he repelled four third-grade Loose Immortals?
Could this bloke fight above his level?