In the swamp, giant pythons covered in poisonous tumours would occasionally poke their heads out. However, they were intimidated by Chen Ping’s released baleful energy and could only shrink back into the muddy water, shivering.
As they travelled until evening, a dense purple bamboo forest appeared ahead.
Light purple mist drifted among the bamboo grove. Even Chen Ping’s baleful energy barrier rippled.
“This is the outer defence line of the Ten Thousand Poisons Valley.”
“Their poison slaves are hidden in the bamboo grove. They are all cultivators controlled by poisonous creatures.”
Mo Chen said.
As soon as the words were spoken, dozens of figures rushed out from the bamboo grove.
These people had emaciated figures. Their skin displayed a strange bluish-purple colour. Their eye sockets were filled with bloodshot veins. In their hands, they gripped bone spears coated with poison.
“Kill!”
The poison slaves roared and pounced. Their movements were stiff, yet they were fearless of death.
Hu Mazi activated three flame talismans. Golden flames surged like a tide and burned the front row of poison slaves into charcoal.
“Be careful of their blood!” Mo Chen warned.
Chen Ping’s figure flickered. The Dragon Slaying Sword was unsheathed.
Sword beams interwoven with golden light and black energy swept out. Those poison slaves were cut in half at the waist before they could approach. However, the purple blood sprayed from the severed corpses fell to the ground. Surprisingly, it corroded dense holes in the hard rocks.
“These poison slaves were all Earth Immortal realm cultivators in life,” Mo Chen swung his sword to sever an incoming poison needle, “controlled by the Heart Eroding Gu of the Ten Thousand Poisons Valley. They were turned into puppets without thoughts.”
Chen Ping looked at those poison slaves with lingering pain in their eyes. His brows slightly furrowed. “Is there a way to lift the control?”
“Difficult!”
Hu Mazi threw out an ice seal talisman and froze a pouncing poison slave. “The Heart Eroding Gu burrows into the heart meridians. Unless you can kill the gu insect in an instant, the poison slave will immediately explode and die.”
Chen Ping hesitated no longer. The golden light on the Dragon Slaying Sword grew even more intense.
He displayed the new sword technique he had comprehended in the sword tomb. The sword tip traced mysterious trajectories. Each strike precisely pierced the poison slaves’ hearts.
Black baleful energy surged in along the sword tip and instantly strangled the gu insects hidden within.
“Bang! Bang! Bang!”
The poison slaves whose gu insects were killed stiffened. Then they turned into flying ash, without exploding any poison liquid.
Seeing this, Mo Chen and Hu Mazi also changed tactics one after another and specifically targeted the poison slaves’ heart meridians.
Half an hour later, the last poison slave turned into flying ash.
Chen Ping sheathed his sword and stood. He discovered that his baleful energy had actually become somewhat denser. Obviously, devouring these gu insects had nourished the baleful energy.
“Ahead is the mountain gate of the Ten Thousand Poisons Valley.”
Mo Chen pointed to the depths of the bamboo grove. “Pass through that canyon, and you can see their core area.”
The three passed through the purple bamboo grove. Ahead appeared a narrow canyon.
The cliffs on both sides of the canyon were covered with honeycomb-like caves. Vaguely, wriggling black shadows could be seen inside.
“It’s the Hundred Feet Grotto of the Ten Thousand Poisons Valley.”
“Inside are all millennium poisonous centipedes. If disturbed, it will be very troublesome.”
Mo Chen warned.
However, Chen Ping noticed a flat rock at the canyon entrance. Strange runes were engraved on it.
The runes flickered with light green light and echoed the surrounding miasma from afar.
“This is a warning formation.”
Chen Ping reached out to touch the runes. “As long as someone steps into the canyon, it will alarm the poisonous creatures inside.”
He circulated spiritual power. Baleful energy surged into the runes along his fingertips.
Those light green lights were quickly devoured by the black energy. The runes on the rock gradually dimmed.
“Done. Let’s go.” Chen Ping withdrew his hand and said.
As soon as the three entered the canyon, rustling sounds suddenly came from the caves on the cliffs.
Countless half-foot-long centipedes crawled out from the caves. They were entirely pitch black. Their exoskeletons shimmered with metallic lustre. The poison stingers on their tails emitted an eerie blue light.
“Damn. Still discovered! These are Black Iron Centipedes. Their exoskeletons are harder than refined steel!” Mo Chen’s brows furrowed.
Hu Mazi hid behind Chen Ping. In his hands, he held several talismans.
Chen Ping’s eyes sharpened. The Dragon Slaying Sword swept out horizontally.