And the men brought by Luo Xiang joined the battle instantly.
The two sides mingled in a battle of men.
Although Ning Zhi brought more men, Luo Xiang was strong and his fists flashed with light as he kept wielding them.
It was difficult to tell the difference between the two sides for a while.
Seeing the situation in front of him, Chen Ping did not hesitate in the slightest and turned around and ran away.
As for who could win in the end, Ning Zhi and Luo Xiang had nothing to do with him.
Chen Ping fled to Pill God Valley in one breath!
When Long Wu and Xu Changsheng and the others saw Chen Ping in this sorry state, they were all surprised one by one.
“Chen Ping, what happened to you? Where did you get hurt?”
Gu Ling’er had not seen Chen Ping for almost a month, and was now distressed to see Chen Ping in this state.
“Nothing, I’m just too tired!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile.
Xu Changsheng hurriedly had someone bring some Qi condensation pills and healing pills to help Chen Ping treat the injuries on his body.
“Chen Ping, the beheading of Guo Wei and the matter of hiding Qing, the leader of the Heavenly Death Sect, are all true, right?”
Long Wu asked Chen Ping.
After all, all of these things had happened after Chen Ping had left from the Pill God Valley, and although they were rumoured in a decent manner on the forum, which of these things was earth-shattering.
That was why Long Wu had to follow Chen Ping to confirm it.
“It’s true!” Chen Ping nodded his head.
Seeing Chen Ping personally admit it, Long Wu’s face showed a worried look.
After giving Chen Ping his medicine, Long Wu told everyone to leave, leaving only him and Chen Ping inside the room.
Looking at the worry on Long Wu’s face, Chen Ping said with relief, “Uncle Long, you don’t have to worry about me, now that I’m strong, no one can do anything to me except for the family heads of those sects and families to step in!”
After hearing this, Long Wu shook his head, “Chen Ping, you still underestimate the strength of the various clan families, especially the Martial Arts Alliance.”
“Now that you have killed Guo Wei and followed the Martial Dao Alliance to become mortal enemies, that Zhu Zhi Shan will not let you go.”
“There’s also the Long Family, I know Long Jingguo too well, although the Long Family hasn’t been looking for trouble with you this time, it doesn’t mean that Long Jingguo has let you go.”
“You’ve become too popular recently, on the martial arts forum, that Xin Pengfei has already sent word that he wants to compete with you on New Year’s Day!”
“In the days to come, it will be hard for you to clear your mind of cultivation!”
Stopping at Long Wu’s words, Chen Ping was dumbfounded.
“Uncle Long, who is that Xin Pengfei?”
He had no idea who this person was, so how did he suddenly want to compete with himself?
“This person is ranked number one on the Prosperity Ranking, because you killed Zang Qing of the Heaven’s Destruction Sect, so many people on the forum think that you are so strong that you can be ranked number one on the Prosperity Ranking, so that Xin Pengfei wants to seek a match with you.”
Long Wu explained.
“What’s this Prosperity Ranking again?” Chen Ping found that he didn’t know much about many things in the martial arts world.
“It’s a ranking, which is filled with martial artists of the younger generation, voted on through strength.”
“But the officials are afraid that such a ranking will cause unnecessary fights, so it’s blocked.”
“But now many young people, are still following this list.”
Long Wu said.
When Chen Ping heard this, he immediately laughed and said, “It’s not like I’m interested in this, I’m not going to compete, if he wants to challenge me, I’ll just not answer.”
Chen Ping didn’t care about fame and fortune, even if he came in first place, so what?
He wanted to save his mother and Su Yuqi right now, then reunite his family and live his life in peace.
“Just because you don’t care, doesn’t mean others don’t care. When the time comes and you don’t answer the battle, then Xin Pengfei has plenty of ways to force you to fight.”
“You’ve been pushed to the edge of the storm now, it’s hard to land on the ground.”
Long Wu voiced out his concerns.
Chen Ping himself knew that during this period of time, he had indeed been too out in the limelight.