“Wait a moment ……”
Just as that Divine Doctor Liu was about to leave, Chen Ping suddenly spoke!
Everyone froze and then placed their eyes on Chen Ping!
Patriarch Jiang, on the other hand, frowned slightly and said “Zheng Jian, who is this person?”
Patriarch Jiang recognised at a glance that Chen Ping was not from the Soul Demon Sect!
“Master, this fellow Daoist Cheng is the saviour of my sister and I. He saved us when we were intercepted halfway through the journey.”
“At that time, I was injured and it was still Cheng who treated me, he is also a pill master.”
Zheng Jian hurriedly explained!
Once he heard that Chen Ping was a Pill Master and was also the saviour of Jiang Yulian and Zheng Jian, Patriarch Jiang then became very polite!
“Mr Cheng, thank you so much, I don’t know what’s the matter with you?”
Patriarch Jiang asked to Chen Ping!
And that Divine Doctor Liu’s face obviously turned a little ugly when he heard that Chen Ping was actually a pharmacist!
“Patriarch Jiang, in fact, your body has not recovered, you are not sick, you should be at the end of your life span and on the verge of dying, and this what’s-her-name, Divine Doctor Liu, didn’t use the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng on you, he just burned the little bit of longevity that was left in your body.”
“The reason why you are able to move around freely now, and your hair has turned black, is due to the rapid burning of longevity, at this rate, I’m afraid that you won’t be able to live for more than three days!”
Chen Ping said to Patriarch Jiang with a serious face!
“What are you saying? Are you cursing my master to die?”
Then skinny Soul Demon Sect member roared at Chen Ping!
Patriarch Jiang also frowned and then looked towards that Divine Doctor Liu!
Seeing that Patriarch Jiang was looking at himself, Divine Doctor Liu panicked a little in his heart and immediately yelled at Chen Ping “What are you babbling about? I have been practising medicine all my life, in the depths of the entire Heavenly Demon Mountain, who doesn’t know me, you dare to question me?”
“You said that I didn’t use the Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng on Patriarch Jiang, do you have any evidence? You said that I made Patriarch Jiang burn his lifespan, what proof did you use? Is it just relying on your empty words?”
Divine Doctor Liu questioned Chen Ping, he did not believe that Chen Ping could produce evidence!
Although Chen Ping was right in everything he said, it was too difficult to come up with proof for something like this!
Chen Ping looked at Divine Doctor Liu, then shook his head “I have no way to come up with evidence, when the Demonic Dragon Ginseng was casually thrown into your storage bag by you, there is no way for me to find it, unless you take the initiative to take out your storage bag and check it out yourself, or kill you, and check your storage bag after.”
“As for burning longevity, there’s no way to prove it now, but two days later, Patriarch Jiang’s body will weaken again, and then wait for longevity failure to come and die completely!”
“Hmph, you can’t produce evidence for anything, and you still dare to slander me, you’ve really eaten a bear’s heart and leopard’s gall.”
Divine Doctor Liu snorted coldly, then looked at Patriarch Jiang and said “Patriarch Jiang, I was kind enough to treat you, but this guy slandered me, shouldn’t you give me a statement?”
“Divine Doctor Liu, perhaps this Mr Cheng was mistaken, don’t be angry.”
Patriarch Jiang hurriedly comforted Divine Doctor Liu!
To him, he trusted Divine Doctor Liu’s medical skills even more, after all, Divine Doctor Liu was famous in this part of the deep Heavenly Demon Mountain!
“Mr Cheng, Divine Doctor Liu is also very capable, you’re probably mistaken!”
Jiang Yulian hurriedly pulled a hand on Chen Ping!
“Mr Cheng, Divine Doctor Liu’s medical skills, but there is no doubt about it, Divine Doctor Liu doesn’t give medical treatment to anyone, we were able to invite Divine Doctor Liu here, but it also took a lot of effort.”
Zheng Jian also hurriedly followed Chen Ping and said!
“If you want to see my storage bag, I can take it out and look at it, if there is no Heavenly Demon Dragon Ginseng in it, old me is definitely not done with you!”
Divine Doctor Liu said, and surprisingly, he really took out his storage bag!