With one easy punch, the opponent had broken his Unbreakable Golden Body, this time Chen Ping knew that he was going to be in trouble.
“What a strong body protection divine skill, I was able to block …… this punch.”
Fan Jiang said as he looked at Chen Ping with interest.
Chen Ping looked at Fan Jiang with a stony face, “Are you under the orders of the Martial Alliance to kill me?”
“That Zhu Zhi Shan is not qualified to order me yet, but it is indeed his intention for me to come and kill you.”
Fan Jiang was not hiding anything!
After hearing this, Chen Ping did not ask any questions, since it was Zhu Zhishan who had found him, Chen Ping knew that there was no room for negotiation!
Now he could only fight to the death. Chen Ping now hoped that the talisman given by Mr. Shi would really work when the time came!
With a stretch of his hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand.
He then activated the power of the divine Dragon, and under the power of the divine Dragon, the Dragon Cutting Sword emitted a humming sound!
Fan Jiang’s eyes instantly filled with a brilliant light when he saw it in Chen Ping’s hand among the Zeng Long Sword!
“A spirit sword? You were actually able to possess a spirit sword with a sword spirit?”
Fan Jiang’s breathing began to become rapid, looking like he liked this Zang Long Sword of Chen Ping very much!
“Since you know it’s a spirit sword, you still dare to fight me?”
Chen Ping asked.
“Hahahaha, this spirit sword of yours, the sword spirit has not yet taken shape, I just happen to seize it and drip the blood to acknowledge its master, then it will belong to me ……”
Fan Jiang laughed and casually flipped his hand, holding the Tiger Head Sword behind his back in his hand!
The tiger-headed blade glowed with an eerie cold aura, and on top of the blade, a lifelike tiger, not knowing what method was used to carve it on the front.
In Fan Jiang’s hand, the tiger-headed blade emitted a tiger whistling sound!
Seeing this, Chen Ping did not dare to delay any longer and directly activated the power of the divine Dragon and swung his sword towards Fan Jiang.
The terrifying sword qi carried the power of opening up the heavens and the earth and cut fiercely at Fan Jiang!
Fan Jiang, on the other hand, gave a cold snort and swung his backhand!
With a tiger’s whistle, the tiger’s head sword also shot out a blade!
Where the blade pa*sed by, a deep furrow was left on the ground!
Clang …….
The sword qi and the blade ruthlessly clashed together, the terrifying force spread everywhere, and the small mountain not far away, also began to crumble rocks.
This time, Chen Ping’s body took several steps backwards, and although that Fan Jiang did not move at all, his face visibly changed for a moment.
“Not bad for a Spirit Sword ……” Fan Jiang’s face gradually turned gloomy: “What other good things do you have on you, bring them out together, otherwise you won’t have a chance!”
As he spoke, the aura on Fan Jiang’s body began to explode, a strong momentum of oppression, lunging towards Chen Ping!
“Martial Marquis at the peak, truly extraordinary ……”
Chen Ping’s face changed as he resisted the intimidating pressure!
Chen Ping could feel that this Fan Jiang’s aura was incomparably thick, he had obviously stepped into the peak of Martial Marquis for a long time, he was just short of a chance to step into the realm of Great Martial Marquis!
Chen Ping’s face was filled with gloom as the Dragon Crystal on his chest suddenly shone brightly and a large amount of divine dragon power began to roam around his body!
Chen Ping was contemplating an opportunity to use the Qiankun Circle to escape!
However, it would take some time to cast the Qiankun Circle, and by then, he was afraid that Fan Jiang would make his move before the Qiankun Circle’s space-time teleportation array was ready.
“Come again ……”
Chen Ping bellowed, and the power of the divine Dragon once again swarmed towards the Dragon Chopper Sword!
And the Dragon Chopping Sword erupted in a dazzling golden light as a golden dragon slowly appeared, hovering above the sword aura of the Dragon Chopping Sword!
The golden light poured out as Chen Ping swung his sword, and the hovering golden dragon let out a dragon roar as it flew straight towards Fan Jiang!
Fan Jiang frowned, not daring to wait, his hands slowly lifted up and a surge of energy was slowly injected into the Tiger Head Sword!
The next second, Fan Jiang shouted angrily and swung his hands violently!
The blade roared out, and the tiger carved on the Tiger Head Blade, as if it had life, let out a tiger’s roar and then leapt up!