Seeing that Chen Ping was unperturbed, the Iron Gate Pavilion Master frowned slightly, the magnitude of his outburst of breath was so great that even an Inner Strength martial artist would find it hard to withstand it, but the Chen Ping in front of him acted as if nothing was wrong!
“Kid, you do have some skills, but today you have met me, death is your destiny ……”
The Iron Gate Pavilion Master shouted angrily, instantly raising his aura to the extreme, the terrifying pressure once again enveloped towards Chen Ping, while those few disciples of the Iron Gate Pavilion retreated, once again hiding far away from him!
“Carved insects, if you don’t have any other skills, I’ll leave!”
Chen Ping looked at the Iron Gate Pavilion Master with that look in his eyes, his eyes filled with disdain as he turned around and was about to leave!
The Iron Gate Pavilion Master was stunned, this made him feel ashamed, in front of his own disciples, being so despised by a young man in his early twenties, then how could he still get along in the future!
“Kid, go to hell!”
The Master of the Iron Gate Pavilion was furious and swung his iron fist towards Chen Ping, every step he took was like an earthquake, making a thumping sound!
Chen Ping stopped and didn’t even turn around, his body suddenly exploded with a terrifying aura, that aura overwhelmed the Tie Men Pavilion Master, instantly stopping his body and causing cracks to appear in the hard ground beneath his feet!
The Iron Gate Pavilion Master’s face changed, his eyes filled with incredulity, he could not have imagined that Chen Ping, at such an age, would have such a terrifying aura.
The aura on Chen Ping’s body was like a huge mountain, pressing down on the Iron Gate Pavilion Master’s body so hard that he could not advance a single bit, his legs were slightly bent, and a deep footprint had been made under his feet!
“Don’t you like to oppress people with your power? Then I’ll let you taste what it’s like to be pressed today!”
Chen Ping slowly turned around and looked at the Iron Gate Pavilion Master with a cold expression as he said.
“Stop it, stop it …………”
Just then, several cars came rushing by, and after the cars stopped, Gu Ling’er ran down from the car and shouted loudly!
Then Li Shouyi, with a dozen or so Guardian Pavilion agents, also hurriedly came down from the car.
Seeing that Gu Ling’er had arrived, Chen Ping’s aura was withdrawn, and the Iron Gate Pavilion Master felt a sudden relief of pressure as his entire body stomped backwards several steps!
“Chen Ping, are you alright?”
Gu Ling’er asked urgently to Chen Ping.
“I’m fine!” Chen Ping shook his head, and then asked strangely, “Why are you here?”
Gu Ling’er gave Chen Ping a grumbling look and said, “After I woke up, I found that you were not there, and those two people from the Jiang Clan were also gone, so I was afraid that you would go to the Jiang Clan and cause trouble, so I hurriedly contacted Pavilion Master Li and prepared to go save you!”
Seeing Gu Ling’er’s nervous look, Chen Ping was a little embarra*sed and said, “I just sent those two people from the Jiang family back, I didn’t cause trouble at the Jiang family, sorry for making you worry!”
“It’s good that you’re alright!” Gu Ling’er breathed a sigh of relief, then looked at the Iron Gate Pavilion Master and said, “Tie Pavilion Master, I was there when Chen Ping killed your disciple, it was your disciple who committed the murder first and even made a move on me, Chen Ping killed him in self-defence, he cannot be blamed for this matter!”
The Iron Gate Pavilion Master looked at Gu Ling’er and coldly snorted, “Gu family girl, for the sake of your grandfather, this matter is out of your hands, and you can’t control it, I must kill him today …………”
The Iron Gate Pavilion Master’s eyes were filled with anger, it looked like he had just been really enraged by Chen Ping!
“Tie Pavilion Master, Ling’er has already said that it was your disciple who committed the murder in the first place, Chen Ping is right about this matter, I know you are in a bad mood after hurting your disciple, give me face and let Chen Ping apologize to you, and let this matter go!”
Li Shouyi walked forward and said to the Iron Gate Pavilion Master.
Provincial City Guardian Pavilion Master, size is also a steward, how can we give a face!