“Alright, stop it, you guys just need to leave so I can find a chance to escape, I can’t beat him but I have no problem escaping.”
Chen Ping was afraid that Yue Buqun wouldn’t go, dilly-dallying and delaying, so he said!
Once Yue Buqun heard this, he knew that Chen Ping would not follow Yao Qing and fight hard, but was prepared to escape, so he put his mind at ease.
“Then you take care of yourself ……”
Yue Buqun was helped by Liu Xing and Liu Rui to get up, and was ready to leave!
But just then, a mess of footsteps rang out, Leng Wu Dao and Tong Ocean arrived with people from other sects!
When they saw the tragic scene, many of them trembled in their hearts and minds!
But when they saw that Yue Buqun was actually still alive and that Chen Ping was also here, Leng Wu Dao just froze!
“Good boy, after looking for you for so many days, I didn’t expect you to show up here.”
“If I let me see you today, you won’t be able to leave ……”
As Leng Wu Dao finished speaking, the Flying Star Sect disciples instantly surrounded Chen Ping, and even Yue Bu Qun a few others, this time they wouldn’t be able to escape!
“Leng Wu Dao, you are a famous sect, but you colluded with evil cultivators to put me to death.”
“And you people, colluding with evil cultivators, aren’t you afraid of suffering the wrath of heaven?”
“Just wait, my today is your tomorrow, sooner or later you will be swallowed up too ……”
Yue Buqun looked at these people in front of him, his body trembling with anger!
How could he badly think that these people would follow the Burning Heaven Cult and collude with them, and would let the Burning Heaven Cult destroy themselves!
Yue Buqun’s words made many people silent!
“Yue Buqun, you should stop struggling on the brink of death, I tell you, what do we cultivate for? Is it to get rid of demons and defend the country?”
“Who doesn’t want to become an immortal and a Buddha and live forever? So you don’t need to say so much, as long as there is interest, even enemies will become friends!”
“Since you chose to stand with that Chen Ping, then you should have thought that you would have this day.”
Leng Wu Dao said icily!
“Don’t talk nonsense to them, just kill them before the night gets too long ……”
Tong Ocean opened his mouth and said!
Leng Wu Dao nodded and looked towards Yao Qing “You take the people from the Burning Heaven Sect, go and kill them, and the position of the Pure Yang Sect is yours.”
Yao Qing had no choice at this time, it had come to this point, he had no choice but to kill Yue Buqun!
Yao Qing led the people of the Burning Heaven Sect, and slowly stepped forward, with killing intent in his eyes!
And on the periphery were hundreds of men from other sects, also watching intently!
“Alas, God’s will is in the air, you shouldn’t have appeared, Mr. Chen.”
Seeing that there was no longer any way back, Yue Buqun sighed!
“Don’t worry, it’s not the last moment yet ……”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“At the end of your life, you kid can still laugh, you are indeed a talent, it’s just a pity that you chose the wrong path!”
Yao Qing’s eyes were slightly narrowed as he looked at Chen Ping “If you kill yourselves, you won’t have to suffer any more flesh and blood, otherwise I will strike, and that is to make your lives worse than death!”
Yao Qing didn’t really want to make a move, because the crowd of people from other sects who were watching him intently were also putting him under a lot of pressure!
If he were to make a move and suffer damage to himself, and these sects suddenly made a move against him, the Burning Heaven Sect, then they would be at the mercy of others!
Speaking of which, Yao Qing didn’t entirely trust that Leng Wu Dao, to be able to think of a way to wipe out the Pure Yang Sect outright, it was clear how ruthless this Leng Wu Dao was as a person!
So Yao Qing hoped that Chen Ping and the others would kill themselves, after all, it was already a certain death situation, if they killed themselves, they could suffer a little less!
“You just think that we will definitely die?”
Chen Ping sneered.
“Could it be that there is still a chance for you all to live?” Yao Qing asked.