Seeing that Gu Ling’er was suddenly so excited, Su Yuqi said with a strange face, “What’s wrong? Chen Ping is fine, I know him well, I’ve met his parents.”
“What do you know about him? He is a murderer, do you know that? He wiped out the Wei family, his methods were so cruel ……”
Gu Ling’er couldn’t help it and told the truth, but when she said it, she regretted it a little, after all, it wasn’t good to let Su Yuqi know about such things.
Originally she thought that Su Yuqi would be surprised when she found out, but who knew that Su Yuqi did not have a single expression of surprise, instead she nodded and said, “I know, he did it all for me!”
“For you?” Gu Ling’er was full of doubts.
Su Yuqi followed Gu Ling’er through what she had experienced, including what happened in Yuncheng this time, all of it followed Gu Ling’er.
“This Wei Tao, he is simply worse than a beast, D*mn it …………”
After listening to this, Gu Ling’er was so angry that she slammed her fist on the table fiercely!
“Ling’er, you …… you’re not coming to Hongcheng this time to catch Chen Ping, are you?”
Su Yuqi suddenly reacted and questioned at Gu Ling’er.
“I …… I ……”
Gu Ling’er was momentarily speechless, not knowing how to answer Su Yuqi!
“Ling’er, if you are the one who caught Chen Ping, then don’t blame me for disowning you as a cla*smate, not to mention the fact that Ancient’s life was still saved by Chen Ping, you can’t just return the favor!”
Su Yuqi’s face started to turn a little grim!
“What? That Chen Ping had saved my grandfather?”
Gu Ling’er suddenly exclaimed, she had never known about this.
“Of course, ask Ancient if you don’t believe me, but I’m not sure about the exact matter!”
Su Yuqi had only heard Chen Ping mention it occasionally, but what exactly was going on, Su Yuqi didn’t know either!
Gu Ling’er’s heart turned over in waves, if Chen Ping had really saved her grandfather, how else could she make a move against Chen Ping?
Gu Ling’er got up, and walked towards Gu Mantian, with Su Yuqi hurriedly following behind her!
The arrival of Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi broke the awkward atmosphere of Chen Ping and the others.
“Ling’er, what are you guys doing over here?” Gu Wentian saw that Gu Ling’er and Su Yuqi had come over and asked.
“Grandpa, did this Chen Ping save your life?”
Gu Ling’er asked straightforwardly.
“Of course, Mr. Chen didn’t just save me, he also saved Mayor Ling and even hundreds of thousands of people in Hongcheng!”
Gu Wentian knew about Chen Ping helping Ling Zhenchuan to get rid of those few Hong Kong businessmen’s control, which was why he said that.
“Gu Gu, what is this all about?”
Li Shouyi was startled, feeling that Gu Wentian wasn’t talking a bit too big, and saving hundreds of thousands of people in Hongcheng?
“Let Mayor Ling talk to you guys about this matter!” Gu Wentian said, and sent someone to invite Ling Zhenchuan over!
When Ling Zhenchuan arrived, he knew what Gu Wentian meant, so he told them about Chen Ping helping himself!
After all, who could easily believe such a divine thing unless they had seen it with their own eyes?
However, they could not disbelieve what came out of Ling Zhenchuan’s mouth, after all, it was impossible for Ling Zhenchuan to lie.
After a long time, Li Shouyi sighed and said, “Ancient, even if we don’t arrest Chen Ping, the Jiang family will not let him go, and those who are involved with Chen Ping are afraid that they will all be unlucky.
When Li Shouyi’s words fell, everyone was silent, the Jiang family in the provincial city was known far and wide, no one didn’t know about the Jiang family, the head of the family, Jiang Zhengzhong, was even an internal strength master, his strength was extraordinary, now Jiang Zhengzhong had personally released his words, this matter was not easy to do.
“Then is it okay if we go? Go far away, to a place where the Jiang family can’t find ……”
Su Yuqi asked with a worried face.