“Fellow Daoists, thank you for saving my daughter, I wonder what you call yourselves?”
Sheng Bushi asked towards Chen Ping’s trio!
“Sheng family master, don’t you recognise me?”
Bai Shao this was walking forward and said with a faint smile!
Sheng Bushi carefully sized up Bai Shao, and then suddenly realised, “So it’s the Fox Emperor’s daughter ah, thank you for saving my daughter ah ……”
“We entered the Divine Demon Battlefield this time and didn’t bring anything with us, when we get out, I will definitely thank you for saving my life!”
“But right now, we have things to do, so we won’t be able to entertain you!”
Sheng Bushi was hinting at this, letting Bai Shallow and the others leave!
“Master Sheng, you’re so anxious to get us to leave, is there a treasure here?”
Bai Shallow asked Sheng Bushi with a smile!
Sheng Bushi froze, then smiled faintly and said, “I won’t lie to you, there is indeed a treasure here, but because it’s protected by formations, it’s impossible to get in.”
“Do you see this rolling mountain range?This entire mountain range is a formation, and that peak in the very middle should be the place of the treasure.”
“I just broke the formation, and instead of succeeding, I was injured, so this treasure isn’t that easy to take.”
The reason why Sheng Bushi dared to say it truthfully was because he expected Bai Qian and the girls to not be able to break the formation either, and it was useless to know that there was a treasure!
“Dad, this Mr Chen is also a very powerful talisman master and has a very powerful spell formation.”
“That demonic cultivator’s Ten Thousand Ghosts Chao Feng were all easily broken by him ……”
Sheng Jiahui hurriedly said to Sheng Bushi!
“What?He broke the Ten Thousand Ghost Dynasty?”
Sheng Bushi’s eyebrows went away for a moment as he looked towards Chen Ping suspiciously, obviously somewhat not quite believing it!
“Missy, don’t joke, do you know that in the entire Southern Region, no matter if it’s a talisman or an array, there is no one who can surpass the family head.”
“That Ten Thousand Ghosts Pilgrimage is a very powerful talisman of the Demon Race, even the Family Head may not be able to break it easily, how could he, a young lad, possibly!”
The Grand Elder slowly spoke!
“It’s true, I saw it with my own eyes, can it still be false?”
Seeing that the Grand Elder did not admit it, Sheng Jiahui was a little anxious!
“Jiahui, regardless of whether he is a Rune Master or not, we can’t travel with him, but this favour of saving you, when we get out of the Divine Demon Battlefield, we will definitely return it.”
After Sheng Bushi finished speaking, he looked towards Chen Ping and said, “This fellow Daoist, you guys should still please put ……”
Sheng Bushi was directly about to invite Chen Ping and the others away!
Once Sheng Jiahui heard this, although her heart was dissatisfied, she had no way to sway it!
It could only look at Chen Ping with great shame!
“This Divine Demon Battlefield is for everyone, and there is no geographical distinction, so it shouldn’t be any of your Sheng Family’s business if we want to take a rest here, right?”
“Besides, there are only three of us, could it be that you are afraid of us snatching the treasure?”
Chen Ping said with a playful expression!
Sheng Bushi frowned, but thinking that Sheng Jiahui had just been rescued, Sheng Bushi could only suppress the anger in his heart!
“Since you guys want to stay here, then stay here, let me tell you, this massive formation is not mortal, if you guys mistakenly enter it, you will be seriously injured without dying.”
Sheng Bushi followed Chen Ping and reminded him!
“Thanks for the reminder Master Sheng, we are just taking a casual look ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he took Bai Shallow and Fire Phoenix to the side, following the Sheng Family’s crowd several miles away!
“Dad, you …………”
Sheng Jiahui identity looked at her father with dissatisfaction!
“Alright, you don’t have to say it, there are all kinds of people in the Celestial Realm right now, you can’t tell who’s a good guy and who’s a bad guy!”
Sheng Bushi reprimanded Sheng Jiahui twice, then looked at the Grand Elder and said, “Grand Elder, you go and try again, this big formation we have to find out where the eye of the formation is, and directly break it for him.”