In this instant, Xu Changsheng and several elders admired Chen Ping to the core, although Chen Ping was not very old, this measure was truly unmatched.
Chen Ping had left these things behind because he did not know whether his trip to Nameless Island would be a blessing or a curse. If he had an accident, wouldn’t the things that originally belonged to the Pill God Valley be lost?
Chen Ping ordered someone to find a pen and paper, and according to the records in his head, he copied down the Supreme Dan Record, and took out the Shennong Cauldron, replacing the one-person high bronze cauldron in the middle of the Pill God’s Hall ……
Looking at the Supreme Dan Record and the Shennong Cauldron, Xu Changsheng and several elders were as excited as children, these things were simply too important to them.
They had put their life’s work into refining pills, and with these two items, they believed that they would be able to refine even more advanced pills.
After doing all this, just as Chen Ping was about to leave, suddenly a Pill God Valley guard hurriedly ran outside the Pill God Hall and reported loudly, “Report Elder Xu, many people have suddenly appeared at the entrance of our Pill God Valley, and they are yelling, asking us to hand over the people …… ”
“Hand over the people?” Xu Changsheng frowned, confused as to what people to hand over.
And Chen Ping then reacted and said, “It should be that Xiahou Dun of the Heavenly Martial Sect who has brought in help and has come to seek revenge on me again.”
The only person who knew that Chen Ping had followed Pill God Valley here was Tianwu Sect’s Sect Master Xiahou Dun, and it could only be him who wanted Pill God Valley to hand over someone at this moment.
“Humph, this guy who doesn’t know what he’s doing, let me go out and kill him, dare to come to my Pill God Valley and cause trouble ……”
Xu Changsheng’s face was cold, at that time he let that Xiahou Dun off the hook, he didn’t expect that this guy would still dare to find his way to his door.
Xu Changsheng’s ability to kill Xiahou Dun was just a matter of hand to hand.
Several other elders did not know the inside story, but since the other party had found trouble at their doorstep, they, as elders, all rose up in anger.
“Let’s go out and take a look first, don’t rush into action until we are forced to, you have just consumed too much qi and have not recovered yet ……”
Chen Ping advised to Xu Changsheng.
Just now, in order to resist that tornado of fierce qi, Xu Changsheng and several of their elders had consumed a large amount of qi energy, and had not recovered yet, so if they really fought, they would definitely suffer a loss.
“All at the Valley Master’s command ……”
Now that Chen Ping was the valley master, Xu Changsheng certainly had to listen to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping led a few elders out of the Pill God Valley, and at the moment, at the entrance of the valley, there were already dozens of Pill God Valley martial artists with their weapons out, looking intently at the people in front of them.
On the opposite side, hundreds of people from the Tianwu Sect and Tianluo Pavilion, led by Xiahou Dun and Ni Sidao, surrounded the entire entrance of the valley, all of these people carrying an endless killing aura.
After seeing Chen Ping follow the Pill God Valley elders out, both Xiahou Dun and Ni Sidao stared at Chen Ping with a deadly stare, wanting to kill him by a thousand cuts.
After all, they had to avenge the murder of their son and disciple.
“Xiahou Dun, I let you off the hook that day, yet you dare to bring someone to my Pill God Valley to spill the beans, do you think my Pill God Valley is easy to bully?”
Xu Changsheng stepped forward and rebuked angrily at Xiahou Dun.
“Grand Elder, why talk nonsense to them, those who dare to come to Pill God Valley to cause trouble, kill ……”
The black-robed Third Elder was fiery in nature, and a strong killing aura emanated from his body.
Although Xiahou Dun himself was also a Martial Sect, his strength was still quite inferior compared to several Pill God Valley elders.
But after looking at Ni Xidao beside him, Xiahou Dun’s expression stabilized, and then looked at Xu Changsheng and said, “Elder Xu, this Chen Ping killed my son, I can’t not take revenge for this, and I am not looking for trouble with your Pill God Valley, as long as you hand over Chen Ping, we will leave immediately, and I can send thousand years of medicinal materials to the Pill God Valley as reparation ……”