Within a radius of hundreds of metres, no matter if it was trees or living creatures, they could not escape!
On the ground, animals began to die quickly and their bodies became dried up!
If there were people in the vicinity, they would have ended up the same way!
This is the horror of evil kung fu ……
As a ray of light entered his body, Guo Wei’s body slowly revealed itself, and the powerful qi in his body instantly recovered, even a little fuller than before.
“These evil kung fu are really not a good thing ……”
Chen Ping said as he watched the animals and plants around him all lose their vitality, his eyes slightly narrowed.
“Not to you, but to me, this is a supreme divine power ……”
After Guo Wei finished speaking, he slapped his palm out violently towards Chen Ping!
A terrifying force came overwhelmingly, directly enveloping Chen Ping.
The powerful qi in Guo Wei’s body was like a vast ocean, a constant source ……
A stream of powerful qi was like a sword, constantly striking Chen Ping’s body.
The golden light of Chen Ping’s body was dimming, and the Unbreakable Golden Body was close to collapsing. If the Unbreakable Golden Body collapsed, Chen Ping could only rely solely on his physical body to carry the load.
Seeing Chen Ping’s wretched appearance, Guo Wei laughed out loud in excitement.
“Hahahaha, Chen Ping, I know that your fleshly body is incredibly tough, but I have a way to deal with you ……”
After Guo Wei finished speaking, he drew his hands in a circle in front of his chest, followed by a ripple in the space around him!
Two tentacles suddenly reached out above the ground and quickly took control of Chen Ping’s legs.
And the rippling space in front of Guo Wei began to envelop towards Chen Ping.
“If you can’t do it the hard way, then do it the soft way, do you think that this Alliance Director of mine is a vain name? I tell you, in this realm of peak Martial Sect, there are not many people whose spells are my match ……”
Guo Wei sneered as he looked at Chen Ping.
If he didn’t have some real skills, would he be able to sit in the position of a director of the Alliance.
Chen Ping struggled desperately, but he could not escape from the pair of tentacles at all, while a strange power was constantly eroding Chen Ping’s body.
This power was soft and did not follow Chen Ping hard, so it was difficult for Chen Ping’s Unbreakable Golden Body to resist this power!
“You are very confident ……”
Chen Ping looked at Guo Wei and suddenly joined his fingers, followed by a mantra that came out of Chen Ping’s mouth!
“The dead wood will sprout again ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, a peaceful power instantly descended from the sky, and the surrounding trees that were withered, instantly sprang to life!
Numerous branches were growing rapidly, reaching out to Guo Wei immediately afterwards!
Seeing this, Guo Wei hurriedly slapped out a few palms, breaking a few branches, but more branches wrapped around Guo Wei’s body.
Guo Wei was bound, the tentacles that controlled Chen Ping instantly disappeared, and the rippling space slowly disappeared.
Guo Wei’s face turned red as he struggled desperately and hard to break free from these branches.
With his strength, how could these rotten pieces of wood possibly trap him!
But no matter how hard Guo Wei tried, he was still firmly controlled by those branches and could not break free!
With a wave of Chen Ping’s hand, those branches instantly sent Guo Wei in front of Chen Ping.
“I forgot to tell you, I know some spells too ……”
Chen Ping looked at the controlled Guo Wei and said coldly.
Guo Wei was truly panicked at this moment, and his eyes became flustered beyond belief.
“Chen Ping, what …… do you want? If you really kill me, it would be following the Martial Alliance to death.”
Guo Wei was scared and began to beg for mercy, “But as long as you don’t kill me, I can persuade Alliance Master Zhu to release your girlfriend, and the Martial Dao Alliance will never bother you from now on ……”
“What did you guys do long ago? Now you know you’re going to die and you’re begging me?”
Chen Ping said, slowly raising his hand, with golden light shining from his palm.
“What the hell do you want? I can teach you all of my divine kung fu, as long as you are willing to let me go ……”
Feeling the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, Guo Wei was emboldened!
Thinking about how Chen Ping had treated those five island warriors, Guo Wei was even more scared!
Maybe death is not scary, but there are many things that are scarier than death ……