Sheng Tiantai followed Chen Ping and waited for Ye Liancheng in the living room!
“When you see Ye Liancheng in a while, you must be calm, but don’t make a move, he’s a ninth grade great cultivator of the Transition Realm, it’s not something you can deal with.”
Sheng Tiantai barked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping was only at the first rank of the Transitional Apparition Realm now, trying to deal with a ninth ranked cultivator of the Transitional Apparition Realm was simply impossible!
“Don’t worry, I have my measure!”
Chen Ping nodded!
Soon, Ye Liancheng’s figure appeared!
“Hahaha, Second Master Sheng is here, I’m sorry to welcome you, I’m sorry to welcome you ……”
Ye Liancheng walked into the living room with a loud laugh, then patted Sheng Tiantai on the shoulder!
Just by looking at this action, one could also tell that Ye Liancheng was just being polite and did not put Sheng Tiantai in his eyes at all!
As for Sheng Tiantai, when he saw Ye Liancheng, he obviously became a little nervous and nodded his head and said “Ye family master, I’ve taken the liberty of disturbing you, in the future when our Sheng family joins the Demon Sealing Alliance, we still have to take care of Ye family master.”
The Ye family joined the Demon Sealing Alliance a long time ago and became a rudder of the Demon Sealing Alliance, it was also considered an old seniority!
“Second Master Sheng is polite, your Sheng Family joined the Demon Sealing Alliance, we are family now, in the future when we join forces, in this part of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, who would dare to be unconvinced ah.”
Ye Liancheng said with a smile!
“That’s right, that’s right, as long as we work together, not to mention this area of the Heavenly Demon Mountain, even if it’s the entire Southern Region, we don’t have to be afraid ah.”
Sheng Tiantai echoed Ye Liancheng!
“Your Sheng Family joining the Demon Sealing Alliance will have all the benefits and none of the harms, right now your Sheng Family’s magic spells and talismans are more powerful, but the overall strength is still not strong, if someone really peeps into your Sheng Family’s magic spells, your Sheng Family won’t be able to stop them ah.”
“But it’s different if you join the Demon Sealing Alliance, if someone dares to target your Sheng Family, then they are targeting our Demon Sealing Alliance, our Demon Sealing Alliance has several rudders in the entire Southern Region, we definitely won’t stand by and do nothing.”
“Not to mention the Southern Region, even the entire Celestial Realm is littered with the forces of the Demon Sealing Alliance, you will be safe and sound wherever you go.”
Ye Liancheng touted the Demon Sealing Alliance!
However, what this guy said was also the truth, the Demon Sealing Alliance was now spread throughout the entire Celestial Realm, and along with the increasing power of the Demon Sealing Alliance, there would be more clans and sects thinking of joining the Demon Sealing Alliance!
This became a virtuous cycle, causing the Demon Sealing Alliance to become more and more powerful in the Celestial Realm!
“Family Master Ye is right!” Sheng Tiantai nodded!
“Second Master Sheng, by joining the Demon Sealing Alliance, you can be sheltered by the Demon Sealing Alliance, but you have to understand the rules of joining the Demon Sealing Alliance ah.”
Ye Liancheng said!
“Of course I understand, hasn’t Master Ye already received the various Sheng family’s art secrets that I sent people to send, even our Sheng family’s shelter, I also gave my position to Master Ye without any reservation, this is enough to show my determination, right?”
Sheng Tiantai hurriedly said!
“Of course it’s possible to show the Sheng family’s determination, but there’s just one more thing that I need to specially instruct Second Master Sheng about.”
“When you join the Demon Sealing Alliance, you can be protected by the Demon Sealing Alliance, but you are likewise subject to the deployment of the Demon Sealing Alliance, and you must not disobey orders.”
“As for what happens when you betray the Demon Sealing Alliance, I don’t say it, but I believe that Second Master Sheng can guess it as well.”
Ye Liancheng’s face turned slightly cold and said!
“Understood, understood, I will definitely be loyal to the Demon Sealing Alliance, I will never have any second thoughts.” Sheng Tiantai felt Ye Liancheng’s coldness and hurriedly nodded his head repeatedly!
“Hahaha, it’s good if you understand, then from now on we are family.”
Ye Liancheng looked at that performance of Sheng Tiantai and laughed with great satisfaction, patting Sheng Tiantai’s shoulder once again!
“Ye family master, since we are now family, I have something I want to ask Ye family master.”
Sheng Tiantai whispered!
“What is it, just say it!” Ye Liancheng laughed!