“Are you targeting me?” Chen Ping asked the cloth-robed man!
“Why do you say that?” The man looked puzzled!
“Damn it, with your current strength, no one could easily reach the fourth tier, they wouldn’t even get past you!”
Chen Ping was furious, this was too unfair!
“You’re clearly strong, yet you hid your power, pretending to be at third-grade Transcendence Realm, you can trick me, but I can’t target you?”
The cloth-robed man chuckled!
“I really am third-grade Transcendence Realm, when did I trick you?”
Chen Ping roared, seething with anger!
“No way, third-grade Transcendence Realm could never have this kind of strength!” The man didn’t believe him!
“Come check for yourself, I won’t move, see what realm I’m really at!”
Chen Ping spread his arms, letting the cloth-robed man probe him!
The man sent a strand of divine sense into Chen Ping’s body!
“Huh? It really is third-grade Transcendence Realm, you’re downright heaven-defying, kid!”
The cloth-robed man was visibly shocked.
“I’m really out of luck, getting beaten up by you like this…” Chen Ping said, exasperated!
“Sorry about that, I’ll give you the clearance mark now, you can head to the next tier!”
The cloth-robed man gave an awkward smile!
“I don’t want the mark, I just want to know how to address you, Senior?” Chen Ping asked!
“Li Chunfeng…” The cloth-robed man clasped his fists, “For a young fellow like you to have such strength, your background must be extraordinary, may I know your name, Daoist friend?”
“I’m Chen Ping, I wonder if Senior is here as a guardian willingly or under duress?”
Chen Ping asked deliberately!
He already knew these guardians were prisoners, Nan Batian had told him as much!
“Who’d willingly stay in this godforsaken place? I’m imprisoned here, otherwise I wouldn’t go easy.”
“Most cultivators who reach my tier, I let them pass, saves me the hassle!”
Li Chunfeng said!
“Senior’s a decent guy, I’m just curious, why were you imprisoned here?”
Chen Ping asked with interest!
“Can’t say, can’t say…” Li Chunfeng shook his head repeatedly!
“Senior, if I could free you from this place, how would you repay me?”
Chen Ping wanted Li Chunfeng to serve him too, but didn’t want to say it outright!
“Stop joking, I’ve got a prisoner’s mark, there’s no way I can leave unless I’m pardoned.”
“Don’t kid around, I’ll give you the mark, just go!”
Li Chunfeng didn’t believe a word Chen Ping said!
“Old Li, Mr. Chen isn’t joking.” At that moment, Nan Batian’s figure appeared!
Seeing Nan Batian, Li Chunfeng was taken aback, “Batian, what are you doing here? Weren’t you imprisoned too?”
“I was locked up on the first tier, didn’t expect the second would be you…”
Nan Batian grinned!
“Wait, you two know each other?” Chen Ping asked in surprise!
Nan Batian chuckled, “Peeking at a Golden Immortal’s daughter bathing wasn’t just me, we did it together…”
Chen Ping froze, staring at Li Chunfeng in disbelief!
Dressed in a long robe, wielding a sword with an air of immortal grace, how could he do something like that?
“Shut up…” Li Chunfeng glared at Nan Batian!
Chen Ping finally understood why Li Chunfeng wouldn’t say why he was imprisoned earlier, he was too embarrassed!
“Old Li, Mr. Chen can break prisoner’s marks and get you out of here, you just need to pledge loyalty to him for three hundred years.”
Nan Batian said to Li Chunfeng!
“Really?” Li Chunfeng looked at Chen Ping!
Chen Ping nodded, “That’s right!”
“Breaking a prisoner’s mark triggers divine retribution, can your strength handle a Golden Immortal’s Heavenly Dao power?”
Li Chunfeng asked, eyeing Chen Ping incredulously!
Chen Ping glanced at Li Chunfeng, realizing this guy was more honest than Nan Batian, that jerk hadn’t warned him, nearly getting him wiped out by retribution!