But after Old Fan finished, he then continued, “If you don’t have any money, there is one more way ……”
“What solution?” Watanabe Fumio asked happily.
Because in his opinion, the only expert he could find was Old Fan who could follow that Thousand Island River in a battle, so as long as there was a way, Watanabe Fumio would definitely ask Old Fan out!
“I’ve heard that you have a ten thousand year old Fuji Snow Lotus in your hand, if you hand this over, I can consider it!”
Old Fan said indifferently.
With this statement, Watanabe Fumio instantly froze on the spot!
It was because no one knew about his possession of the 10,000 year old snow lotus at all, not even the Watanabe family senior management or even the shrine.
Otherwise this snow lotus would have been requested to be handed over inside the shrine long ago.
But it was such a confidential matter, how did Old Fan know about it?
Watanabe Fumio was puzzled, but since Old Fan had said it, then he must know it exactly!
“Master Fan, actually …… actually that snow lotus has dried up long ago now and is just a specimen with little value.”
Watanabe Fumio explained.
“I don’t care whether it has value or not, I only ask if you are willing to take it out?”
Old Fan asked, staring at Fumio Watanabe with a deadly stare.
“This …………” Watanabe Fumio was hesitating, then looked at Yumiko and finally gritted his teeth and said, “Fine, I am willing to take it out, as long as Master Fan can kill that Chishikawa.”
“Hahahaha, don’t worry, that Chishima Chuan is dead ……”
When Old Fan heard that, he laughed out loud!
Chen Ping and the others followed Watanabe Fumio to the Watanabe family’s villa, knowing that this was the place where the Watanabe family’s head of family lived, and it was the core location!
But at this moment, Chen Ping had come here, if Watanabe Fumio knew about it, he would probably be furious!
“Watanabe Fumio, bring out all that you promised, we’ll have to see your sincerity, if you are full of sincerity, not to mention a Watanabe Kazuo, even if it means wiping out that Chizuru Shrine, it’s not impossible ……”
Old Fan said in a fierce manner.
When Watanabe Fumio heard this, he nodded his head and ordered someone to bring in many resources, while he himself went to his bedroom, and only after a while did he come out with a transparent gla*s box!
Inside the gla*s box, there was indeed a snow lotus flower, but it was already dried up and could not feel the slightest bit of spiritual energy at all!
Old Fan took that snow lotus and his eyes went straight as he smiled faintly and said, “This is a good thing ……”
Old Fan carefully put the snow lotus away, then said to Watanabe Fumio, “Well, arrange a place for us to stay, you don’t have to worry about the Watanabe family’s affairs.”
Seeing this, Watanabe Fumio hurriedly nodded and brought the biggest villa to let Old Fan and Chen Ping live with them!
“Old Fan, this snow lotus is like this, what do you need this for?”
Hu Ma Zi asked Old Fan in confusion.
“What do you know, I have a way to bring this snow lotus back to life.”
Old Fan said, gently opened the gla*s box, then took out a pot of wine he had at his waist and poured it in straight away!
Hu Ma Zi followed by Chen Ping were all baffled, this Old Fan wouldn’t take the 10,000 year old snow lotus to make a drink?
But soon, a miraculous scene happened, along with the snow lotus being soaked up by the wine, the snow lotus slowly began to come to life, and its colour slowly became brighter!
Immediately afterwards, a large amount of spiritual energy began to spread in the room, and a gentle breath of it made people feel refreshed and happy!
Seeing this, both Hu Ma Zi and Chen Ping were envious, if they could refine this ten thousand year old snow lotus into a pill, this would be able to raise their strength very high.
If it was Chen Ping, he would probably be able to break through to Martial Saint, but this snow lotus belonged to Old Fan, so they couldn’t rob it!