Xuan Yuan Yan’s eyes stared, “You underestimate this formation, last time I let you escape because I was careless, this time I will never let you go.”
“Really, then I really want to try it again!” Chen Ping raised his eyebrows and said.
“Then I will fulfill you ……”
Xuan Yuan Yan finished speaking and yelled, “Sacrifice Formation …………”
As Xuanyuan Yan’s words fell, the four martial sects of the Xuanyuan family looked at each other, then fiercely grabbed the short swords on the ground, only to see the energy from the four martial sects, in a rapid flow, all being absorbed by that formation.
The energy absorbed by the formation all went to Xuan Yuan Yan’s body, and the formation seemed to become a part of Xuan Yuan Yan’s body.
Soon, the four martial sects of the Xuan Yuan family fell to the ground, their bodies felt like they had been drained of their flesh and blood, becoming a dry corpse.
“Hahahaha …… I will now see if you are still mad ……”
Xuan Yuan Yan laughed out loud, then slapped his palm out, a terrifying aura shot out in a storm!
Boom!
A tremendous force, directly bombarding Chen Ping’s body, Chen Ping was like a kite with a broken string, and was instantly sent flying away.
The scales on Chen Ping’s body that were emitting golden light actually fell off a lot under this slap!
“Humph, as I said, in this formation, I am the master ……”
Seeing Chen Ping being knocked away by his own slap, Xuanyuan Yan said with great satisfaction.
He had now absorbed the strong qi of four Martial Sects, and now Xuanyuan Yan’s strength was comparable to the peak of Martial Sects.
“A master?” Chen Ping slowly got up, and the scales that had fallen off his body surprisingly began to grow again, the golden light on his body still shining brightly.
Seeing that Chen Ping was actually fine, Xuanyuan Yan was instantly shocked.
“You …… how could you possibly still be standing up?”
Xuan Yuan Yan’s face changed drastically, his palm, which had condensed the energy of five Martial Sects, had surprisingly not killed Chen Ping.
“I’ll show you what a true master is ……”
Chen Ping raised the Zenglong Sword high, and the flames rising above the Zenglong Sword made a radius of hundreds of meters sizzle.
Looking at the aura that erupted from Chen Ping’s body, Xuanyuan Yan secretly shouted out a bad feeling, and a hint of ominous foreboding came over him.
“I just don’t believe it!”
Xuan Yuan Yan raised his hands high in the air, and the entire spell formation began to shake violently, followed by black clouds gathering in the middle of the spell formation, with lightning streaking through the black clouds from time to time!
“Heavenly Thunder Strike ……”
Xuan Yuan Yan bellowed, this Heavenly Thunder Strike was the strongest strike of this spell formation!
But after this strike, the spell formation would also disappear instantly!
If this strike could not kill Chen Ping, then Xuanyuan Yan would not have the slightest card or reliance.
A bolt of lightning streaked through mid-air, followed by a direct strike down towards Chen Ping!
“Watch me break this spell formation of yours ……”
Chen Ping raised his Dragon Cutting Sword high in his hand, and that heavenly lightning struck directly at Chen Ping’s Dragon Cutting Sword!
At this moment, Chen Ping was like a celestial god, guiding the heavenly thunder with the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand.
“Break ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes glared as he fiercely slashed down with his sword.
Boom!
This sword seemed to roll like heavenly thunder, and the vast sword qi actually slashed directly at the black cloud in mid-air!
The two tremendous forces clashed together, emitting a dazzling light!
As the light dissipated, the black cloud in mid-air had disappeared, and the spell formation that had enveloped the surroundings had long since disappeared!
“How could this happen?”
Xuan Yuan Yan was shocked, this was the strongest strike of the spell formation, moreover, this spell formation was left behind by their Xuan Yuan family’s old ancestor and was extremely powerful, how could it be broken by Chen Ping with a single sword strike?
Xuan Yuan Yan hurriedly looked towards the four short swords on the ground, and with this look, it made his heart instantly ashen!
He saw that the four short swords had been broken into pieces and it was impossible for them to form a spell formation!
At this moment, Xuan Yuan Yan was dumbfounded, completely dumbfounded.