This sudden change of events caused Master Guo’s body to crash heavily into a large tree as he was unable to gather his strength in time!
Fortunately, the fog around, not many people saw the master Guo this embarra*sed look, otherwise it would be a shame!
Covering his sore nose, Master Guo walked back, looking at the tiger still flailing in front of him, Master Guo suddenly lit up!
“Mr. Song, I understand, these are not fierce beasts at all, they are illusions, they are illusions that we see, they are not real at all, that’s why I can’t hit this beast at all!”
Master Guo came to his senses and hurriedly ordered loudly, “Everyone close your eyes, plug your ears, and whatever business you hear, don’t open your eyes unless I order you to open them!”
Although Song Zu De didn’t quite understand what this illusion was, he also ordered loudly to everyone in the Song family!
The crowd was puzzled, but they did as they were told, one by one, they closed their eyes and plugged their ears with both hands!
Chen Ping looked around and then opened his mouth so violently that the thick fog was sucked into Chen Ping’s stomach, and even the fierce beasts with their teeth and claws were all sucked into Chen Ping’s stomach as if pulled by a huge suction!
Soon, the foggy jungle reverted back to its original form, with everyone still standing motionless in place with their eyes closed and ears plugged!
“You can open them now!” Chen Ping said indifferently.
Slowly, the crowd opened their eyes and saw that there was nothing around them, the fierce beasts were gone, and the fog had disappeared, as if nothing had ever happened!
“Dad, I told you Chen Ping was very capable!”
Seeing that it was all back to the way it was, Song Tie followed Song Zu De with a smug look on his face and said.
“Miss Song, that kid only came across those fierce beasts ahead of time, he should have tested them out, that’s why he knew that these were illusions, didn’t I find out right away as soon as I made my move just now?”
Master Guo said with a grim face.
“Yes, yes, it wasn’t Master Guo who discovered the problem as soon as he struck, what does it have to do with that boy.”
Song Zu De nodded his head repeatedly and said.
Now that Song Zu De was relying on Master Guo, of course he had to coax the other side!
“Master, two of our men have disappeared!”
At this time, a Song family subordinate came forward and reported.
“I think these two people just didn’t follow orders, and after seeing the fierce beast, they ran away in fear, and now I’m afraid they’re deep in this jungle!”
Master Guo analysed!
Just after the analysis, two sharp sounds were suddenly heard, followed by a flare rising into the air, emitting a puff of red smoke!
Fortunately, the distance was not very far and Song Zu De immediately sent his men to retrieve the two men!
Looking at the two men who had been retrieved, Song Zu De was so angry that he went up to them and gave them a few big slaps!
“Did you fail to obey orders?”
Song Zu De shouted angrily.
The two men were so frightened that no one dared to look up, each one trembling!
“Master Song, we need to hurry up and get out of here, this sudden appearance of thick fog must be the other side’s doing too, deliberately delaying us.”
Master Guo said to Song ZuDe.
“Yes, yes, yes, let’s hurry up and go!” Upon hearing this, Song Zu De hurriedly ordered the team to move on!
At the same time, Feng Yi and the others, who had come out of the jungle and reached the top of the mountain, each felt the fresh air at the top of the mountain and breathed in greedily with a big mouthful!
He could feel that the spiritual energy here had suddenly increased many times, it was simply the best place for cultivation!
“Get ready, look for the entrance to the vein …………”
Feng Yi ordered loudly!
Soon, the people Feng Yi had brought with him, began to use professional tools, searching for the entrance to the vein.