“Ruyan, be careful, someone is coming ……”
Chen Ping warned to Liu Ruyan!
When Ruyan Liu heard this, her face changed and she became a little nervous!
“No need to be nervous, these guys are not strong ……”
Chen Ping finished, his finger quickly slid on the ground, and soon a formation graphic appeared!
Chen Ping and the rest of them, were wrapped in the formation!
Soon, four Harmony Realm cultivators appeared, one of whom was of the fifth rank of the Harmony Realm, while the others were of the third rank of the Harmony Realm!
With this kind of strength, even without the formation, Chen Ping alone would have been able to deal with it!
However, Chen Ping had just followed the demonic beast and consumed a lot of spiritual energy, so now he needed to replenish it slowly, and with the protection of this formation, he could still delay for some time!
The four cultivators had a cold smile on their faces when they saw Chen Ping and Liu Ruyan, but when his eyes fell on the tile jar, they were stunned!
“What a large ice spirit fragment?”
“We’re rich, we’re rich ……”
“Damn, how did these few small cultivators of the second or third rank of the Harmony Realm find such a large Ice Spirit Fragment?”
The four cultivators all had shocked faces!
“No matter how we got it, it’s ours now!”
The fifth ranked cultivator of the Combined Body realm finished speaking and headed towards that Ice Soul Fragment in the blink of an eye!
The speed of this cultivator was extremely fast, like a ray of light!
But just as the cultivator was approaching Chen Ping, a curtain of light suddenly erupted from the ground, followed by the cultivator hitting it hard!
The tremendous recoil caused the fifth ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm to fly backwards!
“Damn, there’s actually a formation protecting us, no wonder these few people didn’t panic at all when they saw us.”
Seeing Chen Ping around them, the flickering formation, the cultivator who was knocked away cursed angrily!
“What about us?” Another cultivator asked!
After all, they weren’t formation masters, and they didn’t know how to break formations!
“Let’s try to break the formation by force ……”
After the fifth ranked cultivator of the Combined Body realm finished speaking, he drew out a long knife and slashed towards that formation!
Seeing this, several other cultivators also rushed up with their weapons!
But when they slashed at the formation, the formation was not damaged in the slightest, but the weapons in their hands were broken by the formation!
They were panting with exhaustion and looked at the ice fragments in the formation with helpless faces!
Liu Ruyan, who was originally tense, relaxed after seeing this scene, and a small smile appeared on her face!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was looking at the few cultivators in front of him like they were monkeys!
Seeing Chen Ping’s teasing eyes, the fifth ranked cultivator of the Harmony Realm became furious and cursed “Brat, try stepping out of this formation if you dare, I will slap you to death.”
“If you throw out the ice fragment, we will leave immediately, otherwise we will stay here, I don’t believe you will never come out.”
But no matter how much that cultivator threatened, Chen Ping was indifferent!
In the end, that cultivator got tired of cursing and stopped speaking!
Seeing that neither threats nor insults could get Chen Ping out of the formation, another cultivator came up with a solution!
“I think that little girl inside is quite good looking, how about showing him the virility of our brothers?”
That cultivator said, and actually started to take off his trousers!
Seeing this, several of the others instantly understood and followed suit, taking off their clothes as well, this was how they wanted to humiliate Liu Ruyan!
They wanted to humiliate Liu Ruyan in this way and then anger Chen Ping and the others so that they could impulsively walk out of the formation!
Otherwise, if Chen Ping and the others had stayed inside the formation, they would have been helpless, and if other people came here, it would have been uncertain who the ice fragment belonged to!
“Rascal, shameless …………”
Liu Ruyan instantly blushed and hurriedly turned around.