His strength was obviously much higher than Chen Ping’s. Seeing this, Chen Ping could only mobilise his spiritual power to the limit!
Chen Ping didn’t know if he could take this Uncle Wang’s blow, after all, there was a big difference in their strengths!
“You are bullying the small with the big, is that what you are capable of?”
Liu Rui shouted as she saw this, trying to get Uncle Wang to stop!
She knew that Chen Ping would not be able to withstand his opponent’s blow!
But Uncle Wang didn’t care at all, as he pressed down on Chen Ping with the force of a mountain!
“Holy Light Fist ……”
No matter what, Chen Ping was going to take the slap with all his might!
But just as Chen Ping was about to throw a punch, a figure suddenly appeared in front of him, directly in front of his face!
The next thing he heard was a loud bang!
Uncle Wang instantly took a few steps backwards, while the figure in front of Chen Ping also swayed and took three steps backwards!
“Patriarch Yue ……”
The person who came was none other than Yue Buqun, who blocked the slap for Chen Ping!
“Wang Defa, you are an elder and yet you strike at a junior, how dare you?”
Yue Buqun looked at that Uncle Wang and said with a mocking expression.
“Yue Buqun, how dare you blatantly harbour an evil cultivator, this guy is an evil cultivator, what kind of junior is he!”
“What’s wrong with me taking action against an evil cultivator?”
“But you, in front of all of us, dare to protect this evil cultivator, what do you mean?”
Wang Defa asked sternly at Yue Buqun.
“You don’t give a D*mn, which one of your eyes sees that he is an evil cultivator? Are you saying that the evil cultivator is defined by your Heavenly Thunder Sect with just one mouth?”
“Then what about your Heavenly Thunder Sect’s genetic modification?”
“Don’t you know that violating the law and forcibly enhancing one’s strength will be condemned by the heavens?”
Yue Buqun also shouted at Wang Defa and questioned him!
“You’re the one who’s talking nonsense, Elders!”
Wang Defa hurriedly said to the elders of the other sects.
“Wang Defa, I’m talking nonsense? What you have done can be hidden from anyone but me, you have forgotten what I am capable of.”
“Now do you want me to tell you that little thing of yours in public, so that everyone can also hear the fun ……”
Yue Buqun sneered as he looked at Wang Defa and said.
“Yue Buqun, you dare ……”
Wang Defa’s face turned cold and his expression became tense!
“You see if I dare.” Yue Buqun snorted coldly, then continued, “Wang Defa, you are an elder of the Heavenly Thunder Sect, and you are also the brother of that Tong Ocean, but you …………”
“Yue Buqun, shut your mouth ……”
Wang Defa panicked and slapped his palm at Yue Buqun, but he dodged it!
“Yue Buqun, you have guts, let’s forget about it today, we’ll see ……”
After Wang Defa said that, he pulled Tong Youcai and left!
The elders of other sects, seeing this, could not say anything and also left one after another!
The other elders saw the situation and could not say anything.
“You are a little girl, what are you curious about? Go and practice your kung fu.”
“You two are older than Brother Chen, but you are not as strong as him, how dare you pry!”
Yue Buqun scolded Liu Rui and Liu Xing!
Liu Xing also nodded his head, his arrogant heart now convinced of Chen Ping!
Whatever Chen Ping’s realm was, his true strength was beyond his reach!
Just as Liu Xing and Liu Rui walked back, Chen Ping turned to Yue Buqun and asked, “Patriarch Yue, what secret does Wang Defa have that he seems so afraid you will tell?”
Yue Buqun looked at Chen Ping and smiled, “Brother Chen is also curious, but since you are asking, I will tell you.”
Then Yue Buqun leaned into Chen Ping’s ear and whispered a few words.
After listening to him, Chen Ping’s face was full of astonishment: “No wonder this guy was so angry when I said that the boy was his son. ……”
“Hahahaha, people in the hidden world are mortal too, with a mortal heart ……”
Yue Buqun laughed! –