Chen Ping fought hard to resist, but his body, in front of this dark cloud that covered hundreds of miles in a circle, was nothing more than a mole cricket, unable to resist in the slightest!
Chen Ping also felt the pressure as his body continued to fall in mid-air!
“Roar …………”
Just as Chen Ping was somewhat at a loss for words and the many cultivators were in despair, there was suddenly a loud roar!
At this moment, from Chen Ping’s storage ring, the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast directly rushed out, its body surrounded by flashes of light!
And the size of the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast was continuously increasing!
Then it tilted its head, a pair of big eyes staring at the dark clouds, letting out a hissing roar, and the hairs on its body stood up at the roots!
Then the little Heaven Swallowing Beast opened its mouth and a huge suction force!
The dark clouds that were originally falling were directly sucked towards the mouth of the little Heaven Swallowing Beast!
Hundreds of miles of dark clouds were sucked clean by the little Heaven Swallowing Beast in an instant!
The originally dim heaven and earth became bright, and the piercing sunlight shone above the earth!
The pressure on everyone instantly disappeared, and everyone’s faces were filled with shock and joy!
The little Heaven Swallowing Beast licked its lips, then yawned and once again returned to Chen Ping’s storage ring!
In the matter of a short moment, the Mu Clan’s old ancestor who had used his life to merge into that dark cloud, intending to die with it, was eaten by the Little Heaven Swallowing Beast!
From a short period of shock, many cultivators all cheered!
Happy to be alive, at the same time, these people hated the Mu Family!
Chief Liu looked at the frantic crowd and quietly tried to leave!
However, just after taking a few steps, many cultivators spotted him and attacked him!
Chief Steward Liu lost his life in an instant as he was surrounded by numerous cultivators!
Chen Ping slowly fell from mid-air, and Pavilion Master Qian immediately greeted him!
“Mr Chen, congratulations, that divine beast just now, it was truly remarkable.”
Pavilion Master Qian said with some excitement!
“Pavilion Master Qian, do you recognise where the Mu Family is?”Chen Ping asked!
“I know, it is not far from South End City! I wonder what Mr Chen is doing for the Mu Family’s location?”
“That Mu Kunrong is dead, the Mu Family will decline and disband without having to care.”
Pavilion Master Qian asked in disbelief!
“I trouble Pavilion Master Qian to take me to the Mu Family.”
Chen Ping did not say his purpose of going to the Mu Family!
Seeing this, Pavilion Master Qian nodded and then led Chen Ping to the Mu Family Residence!
The Mu Family was not far from South End City, so it only took two hours for them to arrive at the Mu Family!
“Mr Chen, that piece of manor is where the Mu Family is located.”
Pavilion Master Qian said as he pointed at a piece of manor!
Chen Ping glanced at the Mu Family, dozens of magnificent buildings made up the Mu Family, at first glance, it was a wealthy family!
“Pavilion Master Qian wait a moment, I’ll be right there ……”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, his body instantly rushed into the Mu Family!
Soon, a miserable scream rang out from above the Mu Family!
Pavilion Master Qian watched in disbelief as the Mu Family was experiencing a massacre, as each and every member of the Mu Family went up in smoke under Chen Ping’s Dragon Slashing Sword!
A quarter of an hour later, Chen Ping returned, and the Mu Family had become a sea of flames by now!
In Chen Ping’s hand, he was still holding several storage bags, which were filled with all the resources of the Mu Family!
“That Mu Kunrong is dead, all these resources of the Mu Family, don’t want them for nothing ……”
Chen Ping smiled faintly and put those storage bags away!
Pavilion Master Qian looked at Chen Ping, his scalp tingling, he did not know when Chen Ping had become so murderous!
Chen Ping had only listened to Mr Shi’s advice!
It was not Chen Ping’s fault to rob his enemy’s resources!
Psychologically there was even less pressure, enemies were meant to be killed and robbed!
“What Mr Chen said is very true ……”
Pavilion Master Qian could only squeeze out a smile and said!
The two returned to South End City, while Pavilion Master Qian was warmly entertaining Chen Ping, after seeing the tragic situation of Chen Ping slaughtering the Mu Family, he was really afraid that Chen Ping would be upset and slaughter his Wantong Pavilion branch!