“What’s going on? Is it going to rain? It’s flashing and thundering again ……”
“Is there an earthquake? The house is about to collapse ……”
“It’s raining rocks, it’s smashed my head into a bag ……”
The Pill God Valley crowd got up and gathered together to discuss.
“This …………” Chen Ping was stunned as he looked at his fist, “A small realm boost in power has increased by so much? It’s incredible ……”
Chen Ping hadn’t even thought that by raising a small realm, his strength had increased by a large amount.
Nowadays, when Chen Ping encountered that Xiahou Dun, he was almost able to reach the point of killing him with a single sword.
With a casual wave of his hand, the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand, and the Dragon Cutting Sword emitted a humming sound, seemingly congratulating Chen Ping.
咚咚咚 ……
At this time, a knock sounded at the door, and Chen Ping hurriedly put away both the Zenglong Sword and the Shennong Cauldron.
Chen Ping opened the door and found it was Yu Dong standing at the door.
“Mr. Chen, you’ve been here for two days too, aren’t you too bored? Let me take you out for a stroll ……”
Yu Dong said to Chen Ping.
“Didn’t Elder Xu say that I’m an outsider and can’t wander around in Pill God Valley to avoid causing unnecessary trouble ……”
Chen Ping’s visitor was a guest, and since Xu Changsheng had said so, Chen Ping did not want to break the rules of others.
After all, Xu Changsheng had treated Chen Ping well.
“Don’t worry, no one will be able to recognize you ……”
Said Yu Dong, taking out a hat and a sungla*ses, “Mr. Chen put these on, no one will be able to recognize you, I just happen to show Mr. Chen the amazing things of my Medicine God Valley ……”
Hearing this from Yu Dong, Chen Ping was also curious about the magical places that Yu Dong said, so he put on the hat and sungla*ses and followed Yu Dong out of the room.
The two of them had a breakfast, walking on the road quite a few people followed Yu Dong to say hello, but no one paid any special attention to Chen Ping.
As they went deeper and deeper, there were fewer and fewer ordinary people, and at the back were all martial artists with auras of strength, both high and low.
These martial artists were all polite and courteous when they saw Yu Dong, so it was clear that his status in the Pill God Valley was not low either.
After walking for a while, it was difficult to see people, and the valley had not yet reached the end, and at a glance, it seemed as if there was an endless road behind, while the mountains on both sides seemed to look exactly the same, as if they were reflected in a mirror.
“Mr. Chen, this road has never been walked to the end, and no one knows where the end is, I was once curious to walk for a day and a night, but I found that the road ahead was still endless ……”
Yu Dong pointed to the road in front of him and said.
“There is no end? How can there be such a place?”
Chen Ping felt a little incredulous.
“Mr. Chen, if you don’t believe me, let me take you on a walk to see ……”
Saying that, Yu Dong condensed his energy under his feet, and his speed instantly increased.
Seeing this, Chen Ping also directly raised his qi and followed.
The speed of the two was already extremely fast, and if this was seen by ordinary people on a crowded main road, they would probably be stunned.
After an hour of running, Yu Dong stopped, his forehead covered in sweat, and he was panting for breath.
Chen Ping, on the other hand, was not red in the face and looked at the road in front of him somewhat strangely.
According to reason, at this speed, they had now travelled nearly a hundred miles, but Chen Ping found that the scene in front of him looked as if it had not changed.
But he clearly felt that he was just moving forward, not standing still.
“Mr. Chen, I’m not lying to you, am I? Look if you haven’t reached the end yet ……”
Yu Dong gasped and said after Chen Ping.
Chen Ping did not say anything, but frowned slightly and slowly closed his eyes.