Chen Baoguo’s family sat down on the sofa, Sun Fuhai hurriedly poured tea and water, and did not forget to shout towards the bedroom, “Xiaomeng, your Uncle Chen and the others are here, come out quickly ……”
“Fuhai, don’t be so polite, it’s weird to be embarra*sed if we suddenly come to disturb ……”
Chen Baoguo saw Sun Fuhai so enthusiastic, his heart was embarra*sed!
“Old squad leader, there is nothing to be embarra*sed about, we have not seen each other for many years, when you come to my place, just treat it as your own home, I have booked a hotel at noon, let’s have a good meal ……”
The first time I saw you, I said, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry.
At this time Sun Xiaomeng walked out, changed into a sports outfit, tied with a hanging tail braid, looking very youthful and energetic!
Sun Xiaomeng swept a glance and put her gaze on Chen Ping, she found that Chen Ping was dressed in a stall, the whole person looked very earthy, almost like a country bumpkin, where did he look like any second generation official?
“Xiaomeng, don’t call out to Uncle Chen yet ……”
Sun Fuhai said to Sun Xiaomeng!
“Good Uncle Chen!” Sun Xiaomeng shouted absentmindedly, the whole person looked unconcerned, and there was a flash of disdain in his eyes!
“You child, how …………”
Sun Fuhai saw that attitude of Sun Xiaomeng and was about to get angry when he was stopped by Chen Baoguo.
“Fine ……” Chen Baoguo hurriedly stopped Sun Fuhai and nodded at Sun Xiaomeng with a smile on his face!
The two families sat down to chat, and it was obvious to see that Sun Xiaomeng was a little uncomfortable!
“Brother Chen, I heard from my old Sun that you joined politics after you retired from the army, so many years have pa*sed, you should be a bureau-level cadre now, right?”
Li Fengxia asked to Chen Baoguo!
When Li Fengxia asked, it immediately made Chen Baoguo blush and said with an embarra*sed smile, “No, I …… I have already retired ……”
“How old is this to retire? It’s too early, isn’t it?” Li Fengxia said in shock!
“Come on, where’s all the nonsense, asking questions, checking your account ……”
Sun Fuhai glared at Li Fengxia!
In fact, from the moment Chen Baoguo and the others entered, Sun Fuhai noticed that something was wrong, he ran a company and dealt with all kinds of officials all year round, Chen Baoguo didn’t have that official aura on him at all now!
But he didn’t point it out, because he knew his wife was a snob, and if he knew that Chen Baoguo’s family were ordinary people, he would have flipped out on the spot!
“I was just casually asking, just curious, what’s your hurry!” Li Fengxia gave Sun Fuhai a blank look, and then continued to say to Chen Baoguo, “Brother Chen, at what level are you retiring?”
When Chen Baoguo saw Li Fengxia’s question, he knew he couldn’t hide it, not to mention that he was asking for a job, so there was no need to hide anything, so he smiled awkwardly and said, “I was sacked ……”
The first thing you need to do is to get a good idea of what you are getting into.
When Li Fengxia finished listening, the smile on her face disappeared and she rolled her eyes!
It was Sun Fuhai who was shocked: “Old cla*s leader, you’ve had such a hard time all these years, why didn’t you inform me?”
“It’s all in the past, now that Chen Ping is out too, I don’t like to ask you a favour, see if you can find him a job, it’s okay to be a little bitter and tired!”
Chen Baoguo asked with a grovelling face.
“Prisoners of labor, now which company dares to want ah ……”
The company’s attitude is now following the same pattern.
The attitude of Li Fengxia is now like two people at the beginning!
The company’s attitude is now a far cry from the beginning.
Chen Baoguo simply said, “If it’s difficult, forget it, I’ll let him find a job on the construction site.”