Within the deep cave, Chen Ping recovered very quickly because of the large amount of Yin and Fury Qi!
When Chen Ping had completely recovered, he slowly opened his eyes, but at that moment he was still on top of that round platform!
Chen Ping didn’t know if Leng Wu Dao and the others had left, so he didn’t dare to go up there rashly.
“This can’t really be hell down here, can it?”
Chen Ping looked down, his curiosity constantly egging him on to go down and take a look!
At this moment, the undead were still emerging, and these undead were obviously emerging from further down!
“So many undead, what’s down there?”
Chen Ping crossed his steps with a curious look on his face!
With a final grit of his teeth, he actually jumped straight down from the round platform!
This time, just as Chen Ping jumped off the round platform, he felt a suffocating sense of oppression come over him, the whole cave was constantly emitting pressure, and the speed of Chen Ping’s descent became even slower!
It was as if something was holding Chen Ping up and didn’t want him to fall!
Chen Ping could only sink his Qi into his Dantian and use the Thousand Jack Drop, which made his body fall a little faster!
However, as Chen Ping’s body descended, the pressure became stronger and stronger, as if it wanted to crush Chen Ping!
If Chen Ping’s body wasn’t strong enough, and if he hadn’t activated his Invincible Golden Body, Chen Ping would have already become a puddle of mush!
After falling for an unknown period of time, Chen Ping suddenly felt his body lighten, and then his body was like a meteorite, falling rapidly.
Chen Ping hurriedly raised his Qi to stabilize his body, and as the speed of his descent increased, Chen Ping’s eyes began to become brighter than ever!
Boom …………
With a loud bang, Chen Ping’s body heavily touched the ground, smashing the ground directly into a deep crater!
Chen Ping took a while before he slowly climbed out of the deep pit, but when he climbed out of the pit, his whole body was frozen!
The sky was grey, the ground was covered with countless skeletons and countless weapons were scattered all over the place.
A few black crows were constantly circling overhead, the scene was deadly, and the surroundings were desolate, except for a few crows, there was no living thing to be seen, not even a blade of gra*s!
“What is this …… place? Is this an ancient battlefield?”
Chen Ping was filled with shock.
He did not understand how he had suddenly arrived at this place when he was clearly inside that pitch-black cave?
Could it be that the cave was a teleportation array? Teleporting himself to this place?
Chen Ping could not understand, and he knew even less about what this place was!
Even if he radiated his divine sense to the extreme, Chen Ping could not detect any other aura!
But since he was here, Chen Ping still planned to look around, since he could come to this place, there was a chance that he would have a strange encounter here!
Chen Ping saw a faint light flickering on the countless white bones, followed by the appearance of undead spirits on the white bones, which then floated towards the air!
Chen Ping looked up along with those undead, and found that there was a black hole in the sky, and the black hole seemed to be spinning, swallowing everything that came near him!
“This? Is this the place where I fell?”
Chen Ping looked at the black hole in the sky and seemed to understand that he should have fallen through this black hole, and that these undead had also entered the valley through this black hole!
A large number of undead emerged and then floated into the sky to be swallowed by the black hole within!
Seeing this, Chen Ping wielded his Dragon Slashing Sword and slashed out with one blow, so many undead could be killed with one blow, so that he could collect more Dao power!
But when Chen Ping chopped his sword towards those undead, he found that his sword aura instantly penetrated those undead and did not cause any damage to them!