Chen Ping looked at the Flame Woman’s Supreme Flame and suddenly opened his mouth, unexpectedly swallowing the Flame Woman’s Supreme Flame inside his stomach!
This time, the Flame Maiden was startled!
At the same time, its three people were also shocked, they were aware of the Flame Maiden’s methods, they did not expect Chen Ping to be able to swallow that Flame Maiden’s Supreme Flame!
“Who the hell are you?”
The Flame Woman asked as she looked at Chen Ping in shock!
“My name is Chen Ping!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
“Chen Ping?”
The Flame Woman frowned slightly!
“I know, he’s the guy who was rewarded by the Demon Sealing Alliance with a hundred years of offerings, we’re rich today.”
The burly man snapped to attention and then said loudly!
Upon hearing this, everyone got excited!
The four men surrounded Chen Ping in a group!
“Kid, I didn’t expect you to be that Chen Ping, to be able to make the Demon Sealing Alliance offer a bounty with a hundred years of offerings, so it’s clear that you have something to offer as well.”
“But you met the four of us, that’s your bad luck, you don’t think of leaving today!”
The old man said with his cane in hand!
“You want all four of you to deal with me together?”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
“Not bad, we just want to bully the few with the many, as long as we catch you, the four of us can just return to our homes.”
The youth with the folding fan in his hand said with a face full of excitement!
“Bullying the few with the many, don’t you guys feel shameful?”
Chen Ping deliberately asked!
“Shameful?”
“Hahaha, our Four Famous Constables have always bullied the few with the many and have never felt shameful.”
“If you tie your hands, we can still let you die a painful death!”
The burly man laughed out loud!
“Since you guys like bullying the few with the many so much, then I will try what it is like to bully the few with the many!”
When Chen Ping finished speaking, he then said to the blimp, “All come down and move your muscles ……”
Along with Chen Ping’s words, the cabin door of the blimp slowly opened!
Luo Shouhai and all of them walked out from within that blimp!
There were dozens of people who surrounded those four famous arresters!
Looking at the scene in front of them, the four men were dumbfounded!
How could they not expect that there were so many people inside the blimp, and they were all together!
“Misunderstanding, I think it’s a misunderstanding ……”
Seeing this, Flame Woman hurriedly came in front of Chen Ping, wanting to rely on her stature to make Chen Ping calm down!
Looking at Flame Woman scratching her head in front of Chen Ping, Bai Shao followed Fire Phoenix and became furious!
The two of them made a move together and directly grabbed that Flame Woman and stormed away!
“Damn, you sl*t, dare to seduce our man, tired of living ……”
Bai Shao and Flame Phoenix did not hold back, beating that Flame Woman black and blue!
Chen Ping was also a little speechless as he watched this scene!
I didn’t expect these female cultivators of the Celestial Realm to follow the old ladies of the secular realm when they fought.
“Mr Chen, what about the remaining three?”
Luo Shouhai asked!
“Pack up a meal, dare to stop our blimp, must give a lesson.”
Chen Ping said!
With Chen Ping giving the word, Luo Shouhai and the others were swarming!
When the blimp slowly flew up and slowly went away, on the ground lay those four famous arresters, each one of them was heavily injured, and they were afraid that they would never be able to stop and rob in the future for the rest of their lives!
The dirigible continued to fly forward, and the crowd was talking and laughing inside the dirigible.
Ji Yun, on the other hand, was piloting the airship, constantly correcting its direction!
But just as it was nearing evening, suddenly several figures appeared in front of the blimp!
Ji Yun hurriedly stopped the dirigible and said with some frustration, “This dirigible is indeed too eye-catching, how come we always run into road robbers?”
Everyone looked ahead, only to see seven people lined up in front of the blimp!
These people were all wearing the attire of the Wantong Pavilion, and one of them shouted at the blimp, “Who are you people? Why are you piloting a blimp on my Wantong Pavilion’s territory? Are you tired of living?