Chen Ping charged into the midst of those hundred battle soldiers!
Among these hundred battle soldiers, there were over thirty at the Loose Immortal Realm, with the rest all above the eighth grade of the Immortal Transformation Realm.
It must be said, the battle soldiers in the Heavenly Prison of Feihu City were formidable in strength!
When these people joined forces, they instantly doubled the pressure on Chen Ping.
If it were a one-on-one fight, Chen Ping could instantly defeat any of them.
But with these hundred battle soldiers united, Chen Ping was somewhat at a loss.
Otherwise, he wouldn’t have needed to drag Mad Immortal and the others around.
With tens of thousands of battle soldiers in the city, even if they stood still for him to kill, Chen Ping reckoned he’d be exhausted to death.
The moment they clashed, Chen Ping’s figure rapidly retreated.
At the same time, long spears shot through the air towards him.
Seeing this, Chen Ping swung his Dragon-Slaying Sword forward in a single slash.
Boom!
The spears shattered instantly under the sword’s aura!
At the same time, Chen Ping clenched his left hand into a fist and smashed it forward.
“Holy Light Fist…”
Boom!
Instantly, a massive gust of fist wind surged from Chen Ping’s punch, directly striking the foremost battle soldiers!
Their armour shattered, and the soldiers in front spat blood, their insides crushed by the punch, all lifeless.
But soon, the soldiers behind charged forward with spears, thrusting fiercely at Chen Ping’s body.
“Indestructible Golden Body…”
Chen Ping’s body erupted in golden light, his Indestructible Golden Body enveloping him entirely.
The dazzling golden glow startled the battle soldiers.
Spears stabbed at Chen Ping, yet they couldn’t even breach his Indestructible Golden Body.
Even if they did, Chen Ping’s physical body was extraordinarily tough, making injury nearly impossible!
Enduring the thrusts of several spears, Chen Ping swung his Dragon-Slaying Sword, unleashing a wave of sword light.
Puff, puff, puff…
With this strike, the heads of the soldiers stabbing at Chen Ping were sliced off, blood gushing like fountains.
Yet these battle soldiers, fearless of death, continued charging at Chen Ping.
Chen Ping no longer retreated, his eyes filled with killing intent, brandishing his Dragon-Slaying Sword to reap the lives of the soldiers.
Now, only one thought consumed Chen Ping: kill!
Mad Immortal and Bai Yi flanked Chen Ping, guarding his sides while also cutting down the soldiers.
The three coordinated, slashing forward together.
The more Chen Ping and his companions killed, the more exhilarated they became, while the battle soldiers grew increasingly frenzied.
Both sides were now locked in a manic slaughter.
Facing a hundred battle soldiers alone was taxing for Chen Ping, but with Mad Immortal and Bai Yi, he felt much lighter.
The three soon slaughtered nearly half the soldiers, growing bolder, while the soldiers became increasingly shaken.
“Don’t just stand there, hurry and free your people!” Chen Ping shouted to Aisha, who was hiding, amid the fighting.
Hearing this, Aisha instructed Niu Ben not to wander, then rushed into the Heavenly Prison to free her clansmen.
A battle soldier captain, seeing the situation, knew that if this dragged on, they’d all die here.
Especially if the human prisoners were freed, they’d have no chance of escape.
“Retreat, withdraw from the Heavenly Prison…”
The captain roared!
He no longer wished to tangle with Chen Ping’s group, thinking that if they could escape the Heavenly Prison, the tens of thousands of soldiers in the city would suffice.
No matter how strong Chen Ping’s group was, they couldn’t escape the city, so there was no need to fight to the death!
The captain led the remaining soldiers in a desperate retreat.
Seeing this, Chen Ping, Mad Immortal, and the others leapt into the air, chasing the fleeing soldiers.
Chen Ping wouldn’t let these men escape.
A life for a life, a debt repaid…
Having slaughtered so many, how could he let them walk away so easily?
The captain, seeing Chen Ping’s group doggedly pursuing, frowned and shouted, “Speed up, break out of this Heavenly Prison…”