Ye Feng was now listening to the sound of that water flowing and appeared to be at a loss for words, because of the distraction he also forgot to absorb the aura within the Holy Pool!
Just when Ye Feng was at a loss for words and hesitating, a figure slowly appeared!
When Ye Feng saw Chen Ping’s figure, his entire body was stunned!
He realised that he didn’t recognise this person at all and didn’t seem to be a member of the Ye family either!
“Who are you? How did you break into our Ye Family’s Sacred Pool?”
Ye Feng asked to Chen Ping!
When Chen Ping saw Ye Feng, he was also slightly stunned, he thought that this kid was already at the bottom of the pool, but he didn’t think that he hadn’t gone down to the bottom of the pool yet!
When Chen Ping was about to open his mouth, a pair of eyes were instantly attracted by the Fire Spirit Bead in Ye Feng’s hand, Chen Ping instantly understood why this Ye Feng was able to enter the depths of this sacred pool, so there was a treasure in his hand!
“Mr Chen, this is the Fire Spirit Bead, the supreme treasure from the Yan Devil, with this Fire Spirit Bead, the Origin Supreme Flame in Mr Chen’s body might be able to be raised quite a bit.”
“I really didn’t expect that the Fire Spirit Bead of the Inferno Demon would appear in this fellow’s hands.”
Within his mind, Ochre Yan said excitedly to Chen Ping!
As a demonic cultivator of the Inferno Demon lineage, Ochre Yan was certainly acquainted with the Fire Spirit Pearl.
Once Chen Ping heard that it was an Inferno Demon Supreme Treasure, he also brightened up, and he kind of knew why a Demon Cultivator from the Inferno Demon lineage had appeared in the Ye Family, it should have been the delivery of the Fire Spirit Pearl!
“It seems that this Yan Devil also wants to collude with the Demon Sealing Alliance!”
Chen Ping said with a cold smile!
“For so many years, the Yan Devil has been hiding in the far north, knowing that that frigid place is the most difficult for our Yan Devil lineage to cultivate.”
“But in order to avoid being rounded up and hunted down, the Yan Devil has been hiding in the far north, so it is safe and sound.”
“Now it seems like Yan Demon is trying to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance to co-operate and leave the Far North Land.”
Ochre Yan analysed!
Although Ochre Yan wasn’t strong, he knew quite a lot about the matters of the Yan Demon lineage!
“You are right, now that the Demon Sealing Alliance’s strength is spread throughout the Celestial Realm, it is a time of great popularity, and it is only natural for the Yan Devils to want to follow the Demon Sealing Alliance and co-operate.”
Chen Ping nodded!
Just as Chen Ping was following Ochre Yan’s exchange, that Ye Feng was still looking at Chen Ping suspiciously!
He did not understand how Chen Ping had come here, and there were also flames surrounding Chen Ping!
“Who exactly are you? Why did you enter my Ye Family’s Sacred Pool?”
“Could it be that you also have the Fire Spirit Bead in your hand that can withstand the severe cold?”
Ye Feng asked curiously at Chen Ping!
This fellow, surprisingly, did not have the slightest suspicion that Chen Ping was hostile to him!
He was still asking questions and didn’t know to escape!
Hearing Ye Feng ask this, Chen Ping hurriedly nodded his head and said “I am a great disciple of the Yan Devil, and I entered the Holy Pool just to look for you.”
“The fire spirit bead in your hand had some flaws, so I was afraid that if you went into the bottom of the pool with it, you wouldn’t be able to carry the cold air in the holy pool, so I purposely brought a new fire spirit bead over.”
Chen Ping opened his hand and a round ball was wrapped within a ball of dancing flames!
In fact, this was only something that Chen Ping had changed with the Supreme Flame, where was it a Fire Spirit Bead!
Hearing Chen Ping say that he was an Inferno Demon Grand Disciple, Ye Feng surprisingly did not have the slightest doubt!
After all, he knew that the Holy Pool was guarded by his father himself, and it was impossible for ordinary people to enter the Holy Pool!
Not to mention the fact that not many people knew about the Fire Spirit Bead being sent by a demonic cultivator of the Inferno Demon lineage!
When Chen Ping said this, of course Ye Feng would not doubt it!
“No wonder I felt an icy coldness when I arrived here, so I didn’t dare to dive in towards the bottom, so this Fire Spirit Bead has a flaw.”
Ye Feng looked at the Fire Spirit Bead in his hand and acted very disgusted!
“Sir Ye, let’s change the Fire Spirit Bead over now, so I can go back and deliver.”
Chen Ping slowly approached towards Ye Feng!