All of the demon cultivators were directly pierced into flesh by the roiling arrow feathers, which disappeared while the ground was a puddle of blood and flesh!
Chen Ping, at this moment, was like a god of killing, his body above the void that was a dozen feet tall, indifferently looking at everything in front of him!
Qi Peijia’s pupils contracted as countless arrow feathers fell on his body, while that Black Demon Armour was like a bottomless abyss, devouring those incoming arrow feathers!
Chen Ping pulled the Divine King Bow once again, another piece of light arrows shot in, and Qi Peijia’s face revealed a few moments of strain!
Now he and Chen Ping were wrestling with each other to see who could last until the end!
However, soon, the Black Demon Armour on Qi Peijia’s body was slowly changing, and the bottomless abyss-like darkness on the Black Demon Armour began to slowly devour Qi Peijia!
In the end, Qi Pei Jia’s figure disappeared into thin air, leaving only a darkness that gradually faded and disappeared without a trace!
Seeing this, Chen Ping fell from the void, and his face was pale!
At this time, the earth was silent, the sky was filled with a thick smell of blood, and the puddles of flesh and mud on the ground were so disgusting to look at!
Chen Ping stood dumbfounded, he did not know whether that Qi Peijia was dead or not!
However, he felt that Qi Peijia would not have died so easily, and must have used some kind of magic to disappear!
“Come out …………”
Chen Ping held the Divine King’s Bow and turned his gaze towards a short distance away, where Ning Caichen and the others were hiding!
Chen Ping’s eyes were sharp, and the killing intent on his body had yet to subside!
“Mr Chen, don’t misunderstand, I’m just worried about your safety, that’s why I followed you here ……”
Feeling the killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, Ning Caichen appeared and hurriedly said.
Chen Ping did not say a word and stared at the Ning family members with a deadly stare!
Chen Ping was hesitating, if he let the Ning Family crowd go, he was afraid that his secret would be leaked out!
But if he did it, Chen Ping was a little intolerant, and most of all, Chen Ping was now afraid that he would not be able to pull the Divine King Bow!
Feeling the murderous aura on Chen Ping’s body, and Chen Ping’s cold as ice expression, cold sweat began to break out on Ning Cai Chen’s forehead!
He understood the importance of the Divine King’s Bow, and he also understood even more Chen Ping’s decision to light up the Divine King’s Bow until the very end, and to rush to the end!
The atmosphere fell into awkwardness for a while!
“Don’t worry, no one from our Ning Family will leak out the secret of your possession of the Divine King Bow.”
“And even if you want to kill and silence someone right now, you may not be able to do so as you wish.”
“If you do it, you’ll just end up losing both of them and no one will survive, it’s pointless!”
Ning Zhi broke the silence and spoke!
And as soon as he opened his mouth, he spoke to Chen Ping’s sore spot, and had to make Chen Ping look at him once again!
Chen Ping looked at that Ning Zhi for a long time, then slowly put away the Divine King Bow!
“Ning family master, don’t follow me in the future, it will be very dangerous ……”
Chen Ping finished speaking and left without looking back!
The current Chen Ping was actually already very weak, he needed to find a place to recover as soon as possible, being able to rely on the Divine King’s Bow to save his life was already very good!
If the God King’s Bow did not work, Chen Ping could only sacrifice the Dragon Tattoo Bell, buckle himself inside, and slowly wait for death. …………
Looking at Chen Ping’s back as he left, Ning Caichen had mixed feelings in his heart!
Seeing the God King Bow, Ning Cai Chen’s heart was also tangled and struggling, who doesn’t want this kind of ancient divine weapon?
If Chen Ping had behaved in a particularly weak manner, Ning Cai Chen didn’t know if he would be moved to snatch the Divine King’s Bow!
“You want to get the Divine King Bow, now is not the time, just now if you make a move, no one will survive ……”
Ning Zhi had long since seen Ning Caichen’s mind and slowly said!
Ning Caichen froze, but quickly lowered his head, having been read into his own old ancestor’s mind, Ning Caichen was a little embarrassed.
After all, he had just said that Chen Ping had saved him, but now it was the other way round, inwardly thinking of robbing Chen Ping!
However, in the Celestial Realm, human nature tends to reveal its ugliest side!