“Not bad, that island is only a few hundred miles away from here, I was once blown over by a storm in my spirit boat and drifted down to that island’s.”
Feng Xing explained!
“Then what are you waiting for, hurry up and go, I’ve had enough of staying on the spirit boat here.”
Upon hearing this, Pao Long Xing hurriedly urged to head to the top of the island!
The Spirit Boat was small, shaky, and not comfortable at all!
Feng Xing did not move, but looked at Su Tianshuo!
Here Su Tianshuo said it would count, as long as Su Tianshuo nodded his head!
Su Tianshuo forgot about the boundless storm and nodded, “Alright, go to that island and rest for now.”
Only then did Feng Xing nod his head and commanded the crowd to pilot the spirit boat in the direction of the island!
At this time, Chen Ping and the others within the storm were still immersed in joy!
The terrifying storm around them was treated as if it did not exist!
Everyone had obtained quite a few beast dan, spirit stones and treasures!
Chen Ping, in particular, had obtained quite a few Complementary Gold Stones, and it seemed that his Golden Origin Star, was able to brighten up.
Back on top of the spirit boat, the many pill masters all gathered together, showing off their gains!
At this moment, Chen Ping discovered that one of the pill masters was actually holding a seventh grade immortal grass in his hand!
This kind of Immortal Grass, could not possibly appear above the sea, it should be grown on land!
“Fellow Daoist, this Immortal Grass of yours, did you also get it from this ocean?”
Chen Ping asked to then Apothecary!
“Yes, I got it from a demonic beast, I guess it’s what that demonic beast didn’t finish eating!”
That Pill Master nodded and said!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, is there anything wrong?”
Chen Wenliang asked!
“This kind of immortal grass, only grows on land, it can never appear on the sea, since these demonic beasts have this kind of immortal grass on their bodies, then it’s so not far from here, there must be land present.”
At this time, Zhong Yi opened his mouth and said!
“Not bad, Pill Honour Zhong is right, I also suspect that not far from here, there should be islands that exist.”
Chen Ping nodded and said!
“If there are islands, then there must be immortal herbs, and many precious spirit stones, after all, this place is far away from the continent, and no one has set foot here.”
“This time, aren’t we going to get rich?”
“It’s not a wasted trip, it’s not a wasted trip ah, those who went back to the Western Region are definitely going to regret it to death.”
When the many pharmacists heard this, they all shouted out in excitement one by one!
In these continents of the Celestial Realm, some of the resources had long been exploited almost to the limit!
It was only on islands like these that were rarely visited that there were valuable resources, and there might even be ten thousand year old immortal herbs!
Just as the crowd was happy, Gu Tianzhao approached Chen Ping’s ear and whispered, “Sect Master, the spirit boat is damaged, cracks have appeared, I’m afraid it won’t last much longer ……”
“What? Take me to take a look ……”
Chen Ping said with a slight frown!
Gu Tianzhao led Chen Ping inside the spirit boat, Chen Wenliang and the others saw this and followed!
In the centre of the spirit boat, there was a small formation, and this formation was the driving force that pushed the spirit boat forward!
At this moment, around the small formation, a crack appeared!
The interior of the spirit boat was also showing tiny cracks like a spider web!
If this kind of cracks were to endure the wind and waves, it would definitely grow more and more, and in the end, the spirit boat would collapse!
“Can it be repaired?”Chen Ping asked!
Gu Tianzhao shook his head, “Tried it, it can’t be repaired, we can only slowly look for a land now and then build a spirit boat in.”
“Now this spirit boat, it is impossible to bring us in back to the Western Continent continent, once the spirit boat collapses in the vast ocean, everyone will be in danger.”
Chen Ping fell silent, Chen Wenliang looked at the spirit boat that way, and was also a little at a loss for words!
Although they were all cultivators and were able to tread water and even fly through the air, but again, they had to consume spiritual energy to do so!
Short distances were fine, but this place was thousands of miles away from the nearest continent in the Western Region, I’m afraid!
Who could hold on to such a long distance?