Lin Keting was also directly baffled after reading it, then said with certainty, “Don’t worry, this jade slip is by no means something from the Celestial Realm.”
“If it’s not from the Celestial Realm, could it be from the Heavenly Realm? After all, this is the Divine and Demonic Battlefield, and many people come from the Celestial Realm.”
Ji Yun asked curiously!
Lin Keting didn’t answer, after all, she didn’t know what things from the Heavenly Realm were either!
“This jade slip is by no means something from the Heavenly Realm either!”Chen Ping said!
If it was something from the Heavenly Realm, Chen Ping would be able to sense it, right now, although Chen Ping was only in the Transition Realm, he had come into contact with a lot of Heavenly Realm treasures and people as well!
“That’s strange, if it’s not from the Celestial Realm or the Heavenly Realm, could there be another world?”
Ji Yun asked!
Ji Yun only knew about the Celestial Realm and then ascended to the Heavenly Realm, as for whether there were any other worlds, he had no idea, he didn’t even know about the Secular Realm!
If Ji Yun had known that Chen Ping was from the Secular Realm and had started out as just an ordinary mortal, he would have been shocked long ago!
“Besides the Celestial Realm, there are countless other worlds out there, and even the Celestial Realm isn’t what you think it is.”
“The Heavenly Realm has thirty-six heavens, each of which is a world ……”
Chen Ping said what he knew following Ji Yun!
Hearing Chen Ping say this, several people looked at Chen Ping with some shock!
“Chen Ping, you are just a Ferrying Realm cultivator, how do you know so much? And how do you know about the 36 heavens of the Heavenly Realm?”
Lin Keting asked in disbelief!
“You don’t have to care, I know more than you can imagine.”
Chen Ping finished speaking and took the jade slip from Lin Keting’s hand, he wanted to show the Red Cloud Demon Monarch if he knew where the jade slip was from!
After taking the jade slip, Chen Ping immediately entered his sea of consciousness and found the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
But before Chen Ping could speak, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke, “This is the jade slip of the Bibo Realm, and on it is also a written record of the Bibo Realm, I have been to the Bibo Realm before ……”
“Then do you know what is recorded above this jade slip? Is it a gong method?”
“And what kind of world is that Bi Bo Realm? Is it the same as the Celestial Realm?”
Chen Ping asked curiously!
“It’s not a gong method, it’s just a record, these fresh corpses, they are all from the Bi Bo Realm.”
“The Bi Bo Realm doesn’t have such good resources and environment as the Celestial Realm, the Bi Bo Realm doesn’t have land, it’s all ocean.”
“That’s why the people of the Bi Bo Realm have always wanted to tear apart the void and look for a place where they can live.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said!
“Could it be that these people from the Bi Bo Realm who appeared here tore through the void and came here by mistake?”
Looking at the ground full of corpses, Chen Ping asked!
“The people of the Bi Bo Realm don’t have the ability to tear apart the void, it is obvious that someone deliberately tore apart the void to allow the people of the Bi Bo Realm to come here.”
“The records on this jade slip are also like this, a black hole in the void suddenly appeared in the Bi Bo Realm, some people entered the black hole and disappeared, these people also tried to enter, and as a result, they appeared here.”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord explained!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly understood and said with some alarm, “Could it be that the person who was suppressed inside this tower, deliberately tore apart the void of the Bi Bo Realm, and led the people of the Bi Bo Realm here, and then killed them?”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord did not speak this time, but nodded!
Chen Ping’s head was a little big this time, being suppressed within the tower, but he could still tear through the void and lure people from other dimensional worlds over, just how awesome was this guy?
“Why is he doing this? Just to kill people?”
Chen Ping couldn’t figure it out, these cultivators from the Bibo Realm, they shouldn’t be very strong, what was the point of luring them here?