“This little spirit rhinoceros beast is so cute ……”
On the way back to the Blood Spirit Valley, Fire Phoenix hugged the little Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and was simply in love with it!
Possibly due to being of the same beast race, the little Spirit Rhinoceros Beast was also very fond of Fire Phoenix and constantly pampered itself in her arms!
“Ahead is the Blood Spirit Valley, I knew earlier that I would do Ji Yun’s flying boat, rushing is too tiring ……”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while, this rushing back and forth consumed a lot of spiritual energy!
But just as Chen Ping’s words had just fallen, the little spirit rhinoceros beast, which was still very docile, suddenly screamed out in the arms of the fire phoenix, followed by jumping to the ground!
With a few moments of anger and panic in its eyes, the little spirit rhinoceros beast continuously wagged its tail in one direction!
Seeing the little Spirit Rhinoceros Beast’s strange appearance, Chen Ping and the others hurriedly stopped.
“What’s wrong with this Spirit Rhinoceros Beast?”
Bai Shao asked!
“I don’t know ah, suddenly it became like this ……”
The Fire Phoenix was also full of confusion, not knowing what was going on!
The Spirit Rhinoceros Beast bared its teeth and made an attacking motion!
Seeing this, Chen Ping directly dispersed his Divine Sense and soon caught someone coming towards their side!
After Chen Ping dispersed his divine sense, he also immediately allowed the other party to capture it!
“Master, someone is probing with their divine sense ……”
The man in black looked to Song Tianhai beside him and said!
“I already know, but the other party’s realm isn’t strong, so don’t be afraid!”
Song Tian Hai had an indifferent face, the other party’s divine sense was not strong, so he was not afraid at all, still walking straight forward!
While at this moment Chen Ping was frowning slightly “Someone is coming over, it should be someone from the Soulless Hall!”
“What then?”
Fire Phoenix hurriedly picked up the little spirit rhinoceros beast, fearing that the people from the Soulless Hall would snatch it away in a moment!
“Let’s go, let’s go quickly, as long as we return to the Blood Spirit Valley, we will be fine!”
Chen Ping knew that now was not the time to follow the people of the Soulless Hall in an encounter, if they really fought, they were afraid that there would be a delay, knowing that the longer the delay, the weaker the aura that remained within the Blood Spirit Valley would be!
By that time, if even the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast could not detect the scent, it was feared that they would never know who was responsible for the Blood Spirit Valley tragedy!
But just as Chen Ping and the others were trying to go around, Song Tian Hai from the Soulless Hall had already arrived!
Upon seeing Chen Ping, Song Tianhai’s two disciples were all stunned!
“Master, this …… this is Chen Ping ……”
The man in black said as he pointed at Chen Ping!
Song Tianhai also did not expect that he would run into Chen Ping here!
Chen Ping saw that there was no way to hide anymore, so he took out the Dragon Chopper Sword, and then instructed Fire Phoenix “In a moment, if a fight breaks out, you take the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast and quickly go back to the Blood Spirit Valley, and I will follow Bai Shallow to temporarily hold back first.”
Fire Phoenix nodded, she knew that she couldn’t help much by staying, the main thing was that the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast couldn’t fall into the hands of the Soulless Hall!
“It seems that what I told you guys, you guys didn’t listen in at all ah, still working for the Demon Sealing Alliance, come after me ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with killing intent as his Undying Golden Body instantly covered his entire body!
Bai Shallow also took an offensive stance, and the aura of the seventh grade of the Transition Realm on her body exploded unabashedly!
Chen Ping and Bai Shao knew that the two of them had to fight for their lives, only then could they give the Fire Phoenix a chance to escape with the Spirit Rhinoceros Beast!
That brother and sister felt that killing intent on Chen Ping’s body, and for a moment, they did not know what to say!
After all, Chen Ping had just released the two of them.
The siblings looked towards Song Tian Hai at the same time, now they could only wait for Song Tian Hai to give orders, in fact, in the hearts of the siblings, they didn’t want to sell their lives for the Demon Sealing Alliance!
Song Tian Hai’s brows were furrowed, he didn’t know what to do for a while.
If you don’t sell your life for the Demon Sealing Alliance, you should know that the survival space of the Demon Race is very limited now, and the Demon Sealing Alliance has rudders all over the Celestial Realm, so they are afraid that the Soulless Hall doesn’t have a place to land at all!