Seeing that the four spirits were about to escape, the Blood Demon gently squeezed, and soon the space in front of everyone’s eyes began to appear distorted!
The escape route of the four souls was instantly blocked, and the Blood Demon actually treated the space like a burden and kept kneading it, while the four souls were trapped within the space.
“This …… this …………”
Chen Ping looked at the scene in front of him and was directly frozen, he didn’t dare to imagine how terrifying this Blood Demon’s strength had reached!
The four spirits kept struggling, but they soon turned into ashes and disappeared straight away!
And the aura on those four black and gold robes instantly weakened considerably, directly dropping from Martial Saint to Great Martial Marquis strength!
“To use this soul possession technique is simply shameful ……”
The Blood Demon had a look of disdain on his face!
Ning Zhi simply hurriedly led the four black and gold robes and carried that demon envoy away in a hurry!
They didn’t dare to stay any longer, if they stayed, even if the Blood Demon didn’t kill them, Chen Ping would still let them go.
After Ning Zhi and the others had run away, the Blood Demon turned his attention to Ge Yuhan!
For at this moment, only Ge Yuhan’s body still had the soul of the Saint Maiden of Guang Han Palace residing within it!
Sensing the Blood Demon’s gaze, Ge Yuhan was so frightened that she hurriedly dodged backwards!
But it was no use, as she saw a flash of light in the Blood Demon’s eyes, Ge Yuhan only felt a dizzy spell and her soul instantly escaped from her body!
The Blood Demon grabbed the soul of the Saint Maiden of Guang Han Palace in one hand.
Seeing this, Chen Ping was so frightened that he was about to speak up and not let the blood demon kill him painfully, but the blood demon froze straight away and looked at the soul spirit, “You’re actually from the Guang Han Palace?”
“Yes, I am a Saint Daughter of the Guang Han Palace, back then our Guang Han Palace was attacked by your demon race, in the end I escaped from the Guang Han Palace, but only a wisp of my soul survived.”
The soul of the Saint Daughter of Guang Han Palace said as she looked angrily at the Blood Demon.
They, the Guang Han Palace, followed the devil race to the ends of the earth!
“Hmph, again the devil race takes the blame, back then, I was trying to trace the cause of the God-Devil war, but I ended up being a*sa*sinated and had to seal myself here.”
“We gods and devils have been at peace with each other for thousands of years, how could a great war suddenly start, causing the whole heaven and earth to collapse, the order to collapse, making a mess, did no one think of the reason?”
The Blood Demon said with an angry face.
When Chen Ping heard this, he was filled with astonishment and said, “Senior Blood Devil, could it be that there is still a hidden agenda for the God-Devil War?”
Chen Ping had only heard of the God-Devil War, but he had no idea why it had happened or why it had turned out to be like this!
“You are just a mere mortal now, what’s the use of telling you, since I have been reborn, I must investigate that matter clearly, I must not let the devil clan take the blame.”
“The few old guys of our Demon Clan have been sealed and suppressed, I want to seek justice for the Demon Clan.”
The Blood Devil’s aura began to rise, and the people around him were so frightened that they retreated in the distance at once!
As Chen Ping looked at the Blood Demon’s appearance, he felt that the Demons might really have been wronged, and that there might really be a hidden agenda to the so-called God-Devil War!
It wasn’t that the devils were necessarily evil, like the Demon Spirit Sect, many of the sect disciples were good!
The spirit of the Holy Maiden of Guang Han Palace, at this moment, no longer made a sound either.
“Ah …………”
Suddenly, Ge Yuhan suddenly shrieked!
Originally, her soul was missing, and she had been possessed by her soul for so long, and now her soul suddenly broke away from her body all of a sudden!
Ge Yuhan’s body simply couldn’t take it anymore, and after a shriek, Ge Yuhan directly fell to the ground!
“Miss Ge …………”
When Chen Ping saw this, his heart was shocked!
He knew that Ge Cansheng had given his daughter to Chen Ping in the hope that Chen Ping would be able to recover Ge Yuhan, and if there was an accident, Chen Ping didn’t even know how he would explain to Ge Cansheng!
But just as Chen Ping was about to run out to check, he saw that Blood Demon wave his hand, and Ge Yuhan’s body instantly arrived in front of the Blood Demon!
The Blood Demon just took one look, and with a gentle stroke of his palm on Ge Yuhan’s head, Ge Yuhan instantly opened his eyes!