The next day!
Chen Ping, led by Yue Buqun, headed for the Pill Refining Sect!
On the way, Yue Buqun told Chen Ping a lot about the Hidden Sects!
The three sects and the six schools of the Hidden Sects actually used to have many sects, but they were slowly merged, leaving these three sects and six schools to occupy their own areas.
Although the three sects appear to be in harmony, each cultivating on its own, behind the scenes there are constant struggles!
Everyone wanted to get their hands on each other’s resources!
Originally, the Pure Yang Sect was one of the top six sects in the world, but after a big battle with the evil cultivator, Yue Buqun was left with a dark disease in his body, so he could only contribute resources to the Pill Refining Sect to get the Pill to increase his life.
The Pure Yang Sect’s strength slowly began to decline, and its resources became less and less.
Soon, Chen Ping followed Yue Buqun to a mountain valley.
Chen Ping took a look inside the valley, which looked barren and bare.
“Patriarch Yue, is the Pill Refining Sect located in this barren valley?”
Chen Ping was a bit puzzled, who would build a sect in such a barren place!
“Haha, brother Chen, what you see is not what you really are, you don’t even understand that, do you?”
Yue Buqun said with a laugh.
It dawned on Chen Ping that there must have been a formation in this valley, so what he saw was just an illusion.
With a flick of his sleeve, a light flashed in front of his face.
The two men then walked straight into the light!
When Chen Ping regained his senses, he smelt the scent of medicinal herbs!
As far as the eye could see, the mountains were covered with medicinal herbs, many of which were treasured by martial arts families and could be found everywhere here!
The whole valley was filled with the scent of birds and flowers, as if it was a paradise!
“As expected of a medicine school, this mountain of medicinal herbs is worth a lot of money. ……”
Chen Ping looked at the mountain of medicinal herbs and was overwhelmed with love!
The Pill God Valley is not even close to the Pill Refining Sect!
The Pill God Valley could not possibly have this mountain of medicinal herbs!
Not long after Chen Ping and Yue Buqun had entered the valley, two medicinal children dressed in cloth approached them!
“Patriarch Yue, our master knew you were here and asked us to come and greet you!”
The two medicine boys said politely to Yue Buqun.
However, Yue Buqun’s face did not look very good and he only said indifferently, “Lead the way ……”
The two medicine boys were followed by Chen Ping, who entered the Pill Refining Sect.
The door of the Pill Refining Sect is not luxurious, there are stone rooms everywhere, but inside the Pill Refining Sect, as far as the eye can see, there are pills refining furnaces, constantly emitting green smoke!
Every now and then a light would shoot out from the furnaces, a sign of success in refining high grade pills!
Soon Chen Ping entered a large hall and was greeted by an old man with the bones of an immortal.
“Hahahaha, Lao Yue, I figured you would be here in the next couple of days as you were almost finished with your Pill.
The old man laughed loudly and patted Yue Buqun’s shoulder in a very familiar way!
As he spoke, the old man took a look at Chen Ping and then asked, “Is this your new disciple? I don’t think I’ve seen him before!”
Yue Buqun did not look good and tried to open his mouth to ask about his body, but he was interrupted by Chen Ping!
After all, Chen Ping was here to borrow the rejuvenation spring, so if he got into a frenzy with the other side right from the start, it might not be a good idea later on!
When Yue Buqun saw the look on Chen Ping’s face, he suppressed the anger in his heart and squeezed out a smile and said, “This is not my disciple, this is Brother Chen Ping ……”
“Brother Chen, this is Pill Refining Sect’s Patriarch, Bao Yu Kun.”
Yue Buqun introduced Chen Ping to him, while Chen Ping gave an arch of his hand, “Hello Patriarch Bao ……”-