But Kawaguchi Kazuo’s expression changed for just a moment, then he smiled helplessly!
“Mr. Chen, how do you need me to help you, just say the word, but I also hope that you will keep your promise and give me the antidote at the end.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo said.
“Of course, the antidote will be given to you as long as you are good and obedient.”
“Now introduce me properly to the Watanabe family, I met one called Watanabe Yumiko today, she should be the eldest lady of the Watanabe family, right?”
Chen Ping asked.
“You ran into Yumiko?” Kawaguchi Kazuo was slightly stunned, and then began to talk about the history of the Watanabe family.
The Watanabe family was considered a relatively large family in the island, especially in Xijing, controlling almost the whole of Xijing, even the officials had to give the Watanabe family some face!
Otherwise Kazuo Kawaguchi would have been able to act as a special envoy, but he would have been at the mercy of the Watanabe family!
The Watanabe family had many sons and daughters, but the direct leader of the Watanabe family was called Fumio Watanabe, who was also the father of Yumiko Watanabe!
Ichiro Watanabe, who was killed by Chen Ping, was the son of Fumikishi Watanabe, who had three sons, and Ichiro Watanabe was only one of them!
Watanabe Fumio and Watanabe Fumikishi were brothers, but the two had a lot of conflicts over the control of the Watanabe family!
Now it’s almost time for a change of power and a new election of the Watanabe family controller, so the Watanabe family, which seems to be calm now, is already in turmoil!
In addition, Watanabe Fumio only has one daughter, Watanabe Yumiko, so it is not clear whether Watanabe Fumio can still control the Watanabe family this time!
When Chen Ping heard this, he was also amazed, he didn’t expect that this huge family was also openly and secretly fighting, and was not ironclad!
“Then the one who instructed you to kill me is that Watanabe Fumihishi?”
Chen Ping asked.
Kawaguchi Kazuo nodded, “Yes, Watanabe Fumio’s daughter is studying in Daxia, there is no way he would order to follow the official Daxia to make enemies, that would jeopardize his daughter’s safety!”
“This time when Watanabe Yumiko suddenly and urgently returned home, it should be because Watanabe Fumio knew about the trouble we had caused in Daxia and was afraid that Daxia officials would turn against his daughter, so he recalled her.”
Kawaguchi Kazuo’s explanation also instantly reminded Chen Ping of the impatient phone call Yumiko had received when she got on the plane!
It should have been urging her to return to the island as soon as possible.
Now it seemed that the Watanabe family was also factioned, so Chen Ping wouldn’t have to destroy the entire Watanabe family, as long as the Watanabe Fumihishi line was exterminated, then no one would be looking for trouble with Chen Ping!
He might even be able to use the conflict between Watanabe Fumio and Watanabe Fumihishi to stir up a fight between the two, so that Chen Ping’s chances of exterminating that Watanabe Fumihishi would be greater!
Thinking of this, Chen Ping decided to find a way to contact Watanabe Yumiko first and test Watanabe Fumio’s words in the meantime!
“Kawaguchi Kazuo, you’d better keep the matter of my coming to the island a secret, if I need your help, I will naturally look for you.”
“Remember, don’t think of playing any tricks, even in the island country, in your territory, if I want to kill you, it will be as easy as a hand ……”
Chen Ping threatened at Kawaguchi Kazuo.
“No, absolutely not ……”
Kawaguchi Kazuo hurriedly shook his head, this time he felt the aura on Chen Ping, which was much stronger than a few days ago!
This made Kawaguchi Kazuo not dare to play tricks even if he had the intention to do so!
In his opinion, Chen Ping’s strength was a little too perverted, and nothing was impossible in Chen Ping’s body.
Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu out of Kazuo Kawaguchi’s house and was led by Pocky Hu to meet his long-time friend.