“In that case, do it, I won’t hand over the Heavenly Thunder Fruit to you!”
Chen Ping said indifferently!
Seeing that Chen Ping would not hand over the Heavenly Thunder Fruit, the man became furious, then pulled out a formation disk, then with a vigorous wave, the disk exploded in mid-air, then Chen Ping and the two of them were enveloped in a white curtain of light!
“Kid, this is a forbidden formation, this part of our space has been locked, you can’t see anything at all from the outside, and you won’t be able to escape from this formation!”
“For these three Heavenly Thunder Fruits, I’ve taken out my blood money ……”
The man smiled smugly, followed by the aura of his body all bursting out!
It was obvious that the array plate in this man’s hand had been bought at a high price, after all, as a pill master, it was impossible for this man to carve out the array plate himself!
Now that the man had used the array plate directly, he had also paid a fortune!
“I didn’t want to make things difficult for you and make a move with you, but if you insist on doing it, then don’t blame me ……”
Chen Ping shook his head helplessly and said!
“Kid, you’re a mere second-ranked cultivator of the Combined Body realm, how can you say such big words? It seems that you really don’t know how powerful I am if I don’t let you suffer a bit!”
With that, the man’s body steeply rose into the air, followed by a fist that smashed into Chen Ping!
The man’s power was so great that his fist instantly tore through the void, resounding with a burst of sound!
Because of the formation, the man was not afraid to expose himself with his hands!
The man’s speed was also extremely fast, reaching Chen Ping in the blink of an eye!
Chen Ping just watched quietly, and just as the man reached his eyes, Chen Ping raised his hand and blocked the fierce looking punch!
“You …………”
The man was shocked, how could a second ranked cultivator of the Combined Body realm block his punch so easily?
Moreover, the power that was transmitted from Chen Ping’s body was also very impressive!
“Surprised aren’t you? There’s even more surprising yet.”
Chen Ping sneered, and then the divine Dragon Force on his body instantly erupted with tremendous force, causing the man to be instantly shaken away!
“What kind of power is this ……? It’s so terrifying?”
The man fell from the air, his face full of disbelief!
But Chen Ping didn’t reply, instead his body swayed before he reached the man!
The man was terrified and hurriedly swung his fist to fend off Chen Ping’s attack!
But he couldn’t resist at all!
Chen Ping’s fists were falling like a rainstorm!
In an instant, hundreds of punches were thrown, and the man could only keep retreating backwards!
Even that forbidden formation had unexpectedly become shattered instantly under Chen Ping’s fierce blasts!
The man spat out blood and leaned against the wall with a face full of fear!
He had never thought that his strength of the fifth rank of the Harmony Realm would be unable to fight back against Chen Ping’s strength of the second rank of the Harmony Realm!
If he had known this outcome, he would never have come to rob Chen Ping of the Heavenly Thunder Fruit!
Looking at Chen Ping’s cold eyes, the man was afraid and begged for mercy, “Brother, you and I are both pill masters, let me go, besides, we have a deep friendship with your Jade Tripod Sect!”
It was obvious that the man knew that Chen Ping was from the Jade Tripod Sect, after all, Chen Ping was with the Third Elder, and many people knew the Third Elder, especially those Pill Masters who came to the Pill Master Meeting!
“If it had been me lying under the corner just now, would you have bypassed my life because I was a Pill Master and because I was from the Jade Tripod Sect?”
Chen Ping asked rhetorically!
At this, the man didn’t know how to answer, because he definitely wouldn’t let Chen Ping off the hook!
Seeing that the man was silent, flames slowly rose above Chen Ping’s right hand “Since you want to melt me with the Bone Etching Scatter, then I will use the spirit fire to refine you ……”