“Apothecary Gong don’t be afraid, my daughter is chained up and won’t harm you.”
Seeing this, City Lord Sun hurriedly said!
He was afraid that this Apothecary Gong would be scared away!
“A mere hysteria, it can’t scare me yet.”
When Protector Gong finished speaking, he immediately pulled out a packet of white powder and threw it towards Sun Xiaoyun!
The white powder was inhaled by Sun Xiao Yun and instantly became quiet and her eyes slowly regained their lustre!
Seeing this, Sun City Lord was directly excited, he did not expect that this Gong Guifa really has some ability, once he made a move, he was able to control his daughter’s disease!
Looking at Sun Xiaoyun who had returned to normal, Protector Gong put a spiritual force into Sun Xiaoyun’s body!
A few moments later, Protector Gong’s face became a bit gloomy!
Looking at that Protector Gong’s face, City Lord Sun began to get nervous!
Gong protector retreated from the formation and said to Sun City Lord “Sun City Lord, your daughter is indeed very sick, I’m afraid that if this goes on, she will not live long ah ……”
Sun city master heard, directly panicked “Gong pharmacist, you have a way to save my daughter, if you can save my daughter, you let me do anything, I can give you the city master position ……”
When Protector Gong heard this, his heart was overjoyed, although he couldn’t be the City Lord, he could totally let City Lord Sun help himself against Chen Ping!
“City Lord Sun, although your daughter’s illness is not light, but it is not to the point where it is incurable, only that it is a bit complicated to cure, I need to refine pills to do so.”
Protector Gong pretended to be profound and said!
“Apothecary Gong, what do you need to refine pills, just tell me, I will definitely fulfil you.”
City Lord Sun said!
“That’s not necessary, I have my own immortal herbs, but I only have one thing to ask for.”
Protector Gong looked at City Lord Sun and said!
“Apothecary Gong please speak, don’t say one thing, ten things are fine ……” Sun City Lord was eager to save his daughter and agreed to whatever!
“I follow a guy called Chen Ping who has some issues, this guy should be arriving at Meteorite Sun City in just this one or two days, so I hope that Sun City Lord will arrest this guy and hand him over to me.”
Protector Gong said!
“No problem, I will immediately order it down, as long as someone named Chen Ping appears in this Meteor Sun City, he will immediately be arrested ……”
City Lord Sun nodded his head, he didn’t care who Chen Ping was, his own daughter was the most important!
Seeing that City Lord Sun had agreed so painfully, Protector Gong’s face was filled with smugness!
“City Lord Sun, your daughter doesn’t need to be tied up now, the medicine I just used will ensure that she won’t relapse for three days, and I will use these three days to refine a potion to completely cure your daughter’s illness!”
Protector Gong said confidently!
“Apothecary Gong, thank you, thank you so much ……”
Sun City Lord had an excited look on his face as he continuously thanked him!
Soon, Protector Gong was personally sent out of the City Lord’s Mansion by City Lord Sun, and then the order to arrest Chen Ping was given!
However, Chen Ping did not know that he was already wanted and still followed Old Jia and Cai Hongwei into the City Lord’s Mansion!
When the guards of the City Lord’s Mansion saw Lao Jia, they did not stop them at all, they all knew Lao Jia’s identity!
Cai Hongwei looked a little excited as he entered the City Lord’s Mansion for the first time!
Old Jia brought Chen Ping and they walked directly towards Sun Xiaoyun’s room, looking at Old Jia’s light-hearted appearance, he should have come often!
But when he walked to Sun Xiao Yun’s discovery, Old Jia found that there was surprisingly no one inside, whether it was the thick chains or the formations, they had all been removed as well!
“Butler, where is my great niece?”
Old Jia’s face became a little ugly!
He was afraid that something had happened to Sun Xiaoyun, knowing that he had watched Sun Xiaoyun grow up from a young age and loved her dearly.
“Big brother, when did you come over?”
At this time, Sun City Lord saw Old Jia and hurriedly ran over!
Old Jia’s face was still ugly, glaring at Sun City Lord, “Where is Xiao Yun, where did you get her?”
“Big brother, Xiao Yun in her mother’s room, I can still get her where to go ah ……”
Sun City Lord said with a smile!
Old Jia froze “You are not afraid of Xiao Yun morbidity?”