When he saw Chen Ping’s figure appear, Su Wenzong’s entire person instantly became excited and ran directly towards Chen Ping.
“Little brother, you’re finally here, come inside please ……”
Su Wenzong took Chen Ping’s hand, his heart finally breathing a sigh of relief.
“Mr. Su, since I promised you, I will definitely come.”
Chen Ping knew that Su Wenzong was afraid that he would stand him up.
Su Wenzong now showed a hint of embarra*sment and could only smile, “Little brother, please, please …………”
Su Wenzong put himself in a particularly low posture, which caused the people who came to the hotel to speculate on Chen Ping’s identity after seeing it.
That Su Yuqi saw that Chen Ping had a straight back while his own father was lowering himself to the ground, he was instantly enraged: “What’s wrong with you kid? My father has been waiting for you at the door for over half an hour, and look at my father’s face, it’s obviously getting worse and worse, do you know how to cure a disease or not?”
Su Yuqi originally had quite a deep opinion of Chen Ping, at first when Chen Ping had controlled Su Wenzong’s condition, Su Yuqi was still surprised and thought that this Chen Ping really had two tricks up his sleeve.
But after a short time, Su Wenzong’s originally rosy face became more and more unsightly, which made Su Yuqi think that Chen Ping was a fraud, perhaps just a scammer.
“Yuqi, no fooling around, quickly follow the little brother and apologize …………”
Su Wenzong’s face turned cold as he roared towards Su Yuqi.
“I’m not going to apologize to him, look at him, he’s not even fully hairy, what kind of miracle doctor would he be, I think he’s just a big liar ……”
Su Yuqi looked at Chen Ping coldly, she felt that the reason why Su Wenzong did not go to the doctor was because of this Chen Ping.
Seeing that Su Wenzong did not listen, Su Yuqi’s face instantly turned red with anger, and his breathing began to become rapid.
“Cough cough cough …………”
Su Wenzong tried to say something, but not a single word came out and he started coughing violently!
“Dad …………”
Su Yuqi hurriedly rushed over and held Su Wenzong!
And Su Wenzong coughed out a mouthful of black blood, scaring Su Yuqi so much that her face turned pale.
Looking at the black blood Su Wenzong coughed out, Chen Ping’s brow instantly wrinkled, it seemed that this Su Wenzong’s injury was more serious than he had imagined, Chen Ping wondered how Su Wenzong could have lasted until now with such a serious injury.
“Quickly help your father to his room ……”
Chen Ping said to Su Yuqi, who had long since panicked.
But Su Yuqi froze and didn’t move a muscle because she didn’t trust Chen Ping very much!
When Chen Ping saw that Su Yuqi did not move, he frowned and said in a stern voice, “Do you want to watch your father die?”
Su Yuqi was yelled at by Chen Ping, and only then did she help Su Wenzong and enter one of the hotel’s private boxes!
After entering the box, Chen Ping took Su Wenzong’s pulse and his expression became grave.
Just as Chen Ping was about to treat Su Wenzong, suddenly the compartment door was pushed open and a doctor wearing gla*ses and a white lab coat walked in.
“Doctor Sun, hurry up, take a look at my father, he has just vomited blood!”
After Su Yuqi saw the visitor, it was as if she had grabbed the straw that saved her life.
“What? Open let me take a look ……”
That Dr. Sun was shocked and hurriedly opened the medical box!
“Get out of the way ……”
Su Yuqi pushed Chen Ping aside, and then helped Su Wenzong and said to Dr. Sun, “Dr. Sun, my father’s illness depends on you, you must save him!”
At this moment, Su Wenzong was already almost unconscious and his breathing had become very weak.
“Don’t worry Miss Su, I will do my best!”
Dr. Sun said, and began to take Su Wenzong’s pulse!
As the pulse taking took longer and longer, Dr. Sun’s frown became deeper and deeper, and Su Yuqi looked at Dr. Sun with a face full of anxiety, but she did not dare to make a sound.
“Miss Su, Mr. Su has injured his spleen and lungs, and his hidden illness has become a problem, this kind of accumulated chronic illness must be slowly adjusted, but someone has forcibly boosted Mr. Su’s immunity, although it seems to have an effect for the time being, but this has aggravated Mr. Su’s condition, I’m afraid Mr. Su is in danger now, before me, what kind of person has seen Mr. Su? ”
Dr. Sun said with a gloomy face.
Su Yuqi heard this, instantly was furious, directly looked at the side of Chen Ping, just now just Chen Ping had treated her father, at that time also really as Dr. Sun said, her father’s condition has improved a lot, but did not expect this but harmed her father.
“You liar, if anything happens to my father, I will definitely not spare you!”
Su Yuqi shouted at Chen Ping, her face full of anger, if it wasn’t for the fact that she couldn’t get away from supporting Su Wenzong, I guess Su Yuqi would have already made a move on Chen Ping!
“Who are you to call me a liar? What have I cheated your family? If it wasn’t for me, your father would have been a corpse long ago, simply unbelievable!”
Chen Ping coldly snorted, disgusted with this Su Yuqi, a girl, opening her mouth and shutting it, a liar, where is the gentleness of a girl!
“You …………”
Su Yuqi was furious, but at this time, she could not follow Chen Ping to argue, saving her father was most important first.
“Doctor Sun, please, please do something quickly, please …………”
Su Yuqi was so anxious that she was about to cry.
Dr. Sun opened the medicine box, took out a black pill from it and stuffed it into Su Wenzong’s mouth, then took out another pack of silver needles and stabbed Su Wenzong in several acupuncture points in his Hui Zhong, Tian Hai and Foot Chi!
“What you’re doing is not saving people, it’s harming them …………”
Chen Ping looked at Dr. Sun’s needle technique and said nonchalantly.
Dr. Sun frowned: “What do you mean? Are you questioning me? Could it be that you also know acupuncture?”
Acupuncture is Chinese medicine, unlike Western medicine, where one can become proficient in three to five years, Chinese medicine acupuncture is difficult to begin without ten to eight years, and it takes decades to learn to become proficient, and some people dare not even say they are proficient after a lifetime of study!
But Chen Ping was only about twenty years old, even if he had learned acupuncture from his mother’s womb, how much more advanced could he be?