Kuroki Kawasaki’s face began to look unbearable, a match he had thought he could easily win, but now he was on the losing end!
Click …………
Kuroki Kawasaki pulled out his katana in an instant with one hand, and he started to use his weapon!
As the katana was pulled out, another spurt of lava came out, followed by the lava not only starting to bubble outwards, but then flowing everywhere!
The lava reached Kuroki Kawasaki’s feet, but he didn’t dodge!
The lava wrapped around Kuroki Kawasaki’s feet, but Kuroki Kawasaki still didn’t move!
A gush of white mist began to rise from the magma, and Kuroki Kawasaki breathed soundly through the gush of white mist.
The heat from the magma began to be absorbed and transformed by Kuroki Kawasaki in great quantities!
The lava was also flowing under Chen Ping’s feet, and Chen Ping did not care, as if the feet he was stepping on were not his own at the moment!
With the samurai sword in his hand, Kuroki Kawasaki’s aura suddenly changed and he became much more confident!
Both hands gripped the sword, then slashed in the air towards Chen Ping!
The silver blade flashed up, and Kuroki Kawasaki condensed all his energy into the blade!
Seeing this, Chen Ping grabbed his right hand in the air and the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared in Chen Ping’s hand!
The moment the Dragon Cutting Sword appeared, Kuroki Kawasaki was slightly stunned, originally he thought that Chen Ping did not have a weapon, after all, Chen Ping did not have a weapon on him!
But he didn’t expect that Chen Ping’s weapon had really fused with his body, this was the highest state of the sword dao, the unity of man and sword ……
But having already struck, it was impossible for Kuroki Kawasaki to stop, so he could only continue to slash down the blade with a stiff upper lip.
The Dragon Cutting Sword in Chen Ping’s hand instantly emitted a buzzing sound and directly met it!
The swords clashed with a crisp sound like steel!
The moment the swords collided, the entire void began to shake violently, as if space-time was overwhelmed and was about to collapse into a black hole!
Seeing that there was no way to break through Chen Ping’s sword qi, Kuroki Kawasaki then turned his sword into a flash of light, turning his entire body into a stream of light, surprisingly completing the unification of his sword as well!
Seeing that there was no way to break through Chen Ping’s sword qi, Kuroki Kawasaki turned his sword and transformed into a stream of light, surprisingly, he also completed the unification of his sword!
However, Kuroki Kawasaki’s unification of human swords was still lacking in sophistication, as Kuroki Kawasaki’s entire body reversed upwards, the katana in his hand also emitted a harsh blade, enveloping Chen Ping’s entire body!
At this moment, to an outsider, there were countless Kuroki Kawasaki attacking Chen Ping with his katana!
No matter how much Chen Ping resisted, it was impossible to block the attacks from all sides!
“Nine Shadows Sword Technique ……”
Chen Ping shouted explosively, followed by his body shaking violently, and instantly a doppelganger appeared emanating his aura!
Holding the same Dragon Cutting Sword in their hands, they began to wield it!
Chen Ping’s main body and his split body, formed a circle, and the Zeng Long Sword in his hand continuously emitted a burst of sword Qi.
This instantly left that Kuroki Kawasaki with no chance.
Clang clang clang …………
The sound of crisp, ear-splitting sounds came out as Kuroki Kawasaki’s blades were all blocked and did not break through Chen Ping’s defenses!
Looking at Chen Ping’s Nine Shadows Sword Technique, Kuroki Kawasaki was stunned!
Even he himself could not tell which was Chen Ping’s real body now!
Because on each one of them, one could really feel the breath, and even the flow of blood!
Kuroki Kawasaki had never seen such a realistic doppelganger before!
The Nine Shadows Sword Technique was the Watanabe clan’s greatest skill, and Kuroki Kawasaki had seen it before, and it was simply not this powerful!
Kuroki Kawasaki simply did not understand that this Nine Shadow Sword Technique was not something Chen Ping had stolen, but someone had taught it to him.
Now Chen Ping’s strength in using the Nine Shadows Sword Technique was higher than anyone else in the Tanabe clan!