The Thunder Eagle King’s aura instantly locked Yih and Chen Ping in place, and the two of them couldn’t even move at this moment!
Chen Ping’s body was bursting with power, but he still couldn’t move his body a single inch!
This was the difference in strength!
In front of the absolute power gap, even if Chen Ping had the Golden Dragon True Body, there was nothing he could do!
At this moment, Yih followed Chen Ping with fear in his eyes, an image of what it would be like to die!
But just as the Thunder Eagle King slapped his palm at the two, from behind them, an aura suddenly erupted, instantly blocking the Thunder Eagle King’s attack!
“Thunder Eagle King, it’s not like you don’t understand the rules of Jialing County, how dare you fight privately in Jialing County, is this not putting my Jialing County in your eyes?”
At this moment, Lord Yan slowly walked up to Chen Ping and Yi He, blocking in front of the two men!
When King Lei Ying saw Lord Yan, he frowned slightly “Lord Yan, this man stole my Heavenly Thunder Fruit, I just want to get it back!”
“King Lei Ying, not to mention that he stole your Heavenly Thunder Fruit, even if he killed your father, there can be no private fights within our Jia Ling County!”
“If you want to take revenge, wait until you get out of Jialing County to do it, then I don’t care.”
“But if you want to do it within Jialing County, then you will have to ask me if I agree.”
Lord Yan’s eyes were sharp as he said!
King Lei Ying’s face turned ugly, but he knew that if he dared to make a move within this Jialing County, he was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to leave here!
“Good, then I’ll wait until they leave Jialing County!”
The Thunder Eagle King nodded, then turned his gaze towards Chen Ping and Yi He and said, “You two wait for me, if I see you two leave Jialing County, I will immediately kill you!”
After saying that, the Thunder Eagle King’s body flickered and he disappeared!
The suppressive force on Chen Ping and Yi He also disappeared instantly!
“Lord Yan, thank you for saving me ……”
Seeing this, Chen Ping rushed forward to say thank you!
“You don’t need to thank me, I was just doing my duty ……”
After Lord Yan finished speaking, his figure disappeared as well!
Watching the two men leave, Chen Ping could not calm down inside for a long time, he wondered, when exactly would he be able to stand at the top and not be afraid of anyone?
Yi He seemed to have understood Chen Ping’s thoughts, so he said, “Mr. Chen, you have reached this level at a young age, it is already very rare.
Chen Ping nodded, and then the two of them returned to the small courtyard!
Although Liu Ruyan wanted to make out with Chen Ping, she could only hold back when she thought of tomorrow’s competition!
The next morning, several people rushed to the Pill Master Association early!
At this moment, at the entrance of the Pill Master’s Guild, there were thousands of people gathered around, bustling with activity!
“Why are there so many more people this year?” The Third Elder couldn’t help but be shocked when he saw this situation!
“Maybe it’s related to following the first place this year and being able to get a special reward from Jialing County.”
Liu Ruyan said!
Chen Ping looked at so many people queuing up at the entrance of the Pill Master’s Association, he was a little speechless, if he had known this, he might as well have stayed at the Danyang Sect residence yesterday, so he wouldn’t have to queue up!
“How long is this queue going to last?”
Yih looked at the crowd of people and was staggered!
“Just take your time lining up ……”
Chen Ping said and started to queue up!
But just as Chen Ping was standing in line, someone suddenly shouted, “Chen Ping, you don’t have to stand in line, follow me ……”
Chen Ping turned his head to look and found that it was Zhu Zhu!
They saw Zhu Zhu leading Meng He, who was walking towards them!
“Brother Chen, we meet again ……”
After seeing Chen Ping, Meng He greeted after him!