He looked at Xiao Ru, who had a smile on her face and was frozen into an ice sculpture, motionless, and Zhao ran over to her and hugged her tightly, trying to use his body to melt away the frost on her body.
It could be seen that this guy was having real feelings for Xiao Ru.
“Quickly, I order you all, make a fire quickly, make a fire for me quickly …………”
Zhao Barging ordered loudly to the men he had brought with him.
But what could one do to build a fire in this freezing cold place?
“Can’t you hear my order? Can’t you hear me?”
Zhao Zhaogang punched and kicked his men, but even if he killed them, there was no way to build a fire in such a place.
At this very moment, Qin Xiao Xian, who had been holding his troops still, looked at the Dragon Family in Chen Ping’s hand and his eyes turned green. After seeing Chen Ping’s absent-minded appearance at this moment, he finally gave a wink towards Qin Xiao Angel before his feet slammed down and his whole body went towards Chen Ping.
But at this moment, Chen Ping did not move at all, as if he did not even notice Qin Xiaoxian’s sneak attack.
Chen Ping did not move, but Xuanyuan Kai could not sit back and let that Qin Xiaoxian take the dragon crystal away.
“Make a move ……”
Xuan Yuan Kai gave an order and the men he had brought with him headed towards Chen Ping, while one of the Martial Sects met Qin Xiaoxian to keep him from getting close to Chen Ping.
“Holy sh*t …………”
Seeing this, Cheng Kun directly burst out a foul mouth and yelled at his men, “What the f*ck are you looking at, don’t hurry up and do something, the dragon crystal will become someone else’s later!”
They all wanted to get close to Chen Ping and take the dragon crystal from him, but the other two sides would block them!
For a while, a dozen people were fighting around Chen Ping, but no one could get close to him easily.
At this moment, Chen Ping, holding the dragon crystal in his hand, muttered, “Why, why is it like this ……”
Su Yuqi and Gu Ling’er were tightly protecting Chen Ping, the two of them had very ugly faces because they knew that with the strength of the two of them, they could not protect Chen Ping at all.
“Chen Ping, pull yourself together, this is destiny, whatever we do for you, we have no regrets, you eat the dragon crystal, let’s leave here quickly now and go to the Yan Long and take the Yan Long’s dragon crystal, otherwise it will be too late ……”
Su Yuqi shouted at Chen Ping.
“No, I will never take any more dragon crystals, I won’t trade your life for any dragon crystals, I won’t ……”
Chen Ping looked at Su Yuqi and suddenly hugged Su Yuqi into his arms.
Su Yuqi felt the warmth of Chen Ping’s body and couldn’t help the tears that flowed out of her eyes.
Although she had been with Chen Ping for so long, there was hardly a time when two people hugged each other so intimately.
“The first time I met you, I thought I could protect you with my status as the Miss Su family’s eldest daughter and get enough to support you for the rest of my life, but slowly I realized that I was the one being protected, and I couldn’t help you at all, I used to blame myself and feel inferior, and as the enemies or friends around you became stronger and stronger, I felt smaller and smaller. I wasn’t worthy of you ……”
“It wasn’t until on the island, when Grandpa Dragon told me about you, about who you were, about needing my help, that I realised that I was useful to you, that I could do something for you, that it was something I did willingly, now let’s go to Inferno Dragon, let’s not delay …… ”
Su Yuqi was in Chen Ping’s arms, whispering softly.
“No, I won’t sacrifice any of you for my own sake, never ……”
Chen Ping let go of Su Yuqi and said with firm eyes.