“Hmph, the fourth rank of the Transition Realm, how dare you talk to me like that…
The Mu Family Head snorted coldly!
“Time Origin, I didn’t expect you to have realised Time Origin, but it’s a pity that you’re just a shadow now, even if you use Time Origin, you won’t be able to stop me”.
Chen Ping suddenly laughed!
It directly startled the Mu Family Head.
Just by waving his hand, Chen Ping blocked the Mu Family Head’s aura!
“You. How can you still move?
The Mu Family Head was filled with shock!
“What do you say? ” the corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted!
“Could it be? Could it be that you also possess a Time Origin?
The Mu Family Head looked at Chen Ping incredulously!
“Congratulations, you answered correctly, unfortunately there is no prize!
Chen Ping said playfully!
“Impossible, never…”
“I’ve been cultivating for hundreds of years, and I’ve only managed to realise the origin of time, and you’re only a small cultivator at the fourth level of the Transition Realm, how could you possibly realise the origin of time?
“It’s a lie, it’s definitely a lie.
The Mu Family’s head didn’t believe it at all!
“Fake?”Chen Ping snorted coldly and waved his palms!
Time, which had been stopped by the molybdenum, resumed its flow!
“What happened, what just happened?
Ouyang Zhenhua was shocked!
Everyone was in a state of panic, because it seemed like they were unconscious for a period of time, as if they were in a blank!
“Mu Yao, take your little sister and leave immediately. ….”
The Mu family head said to Mu Fear with a grave expression on his face!
Mu Yao did not understand what happened, but did not dare to disobey the order, with Mu Naiyi’s residual soul is ready to escape!
But as soon as he moved, he froze!
No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t move at all!
“Master, this…
Cheng Yan was shocked!
The Mu Clan’s Head of Family once again used his Time Origin to try to follow Chen Ping, but no matter how hard he tried, Mu Yao and the others still couldn’t move!
Chen Ping slapped his palm towards Mu Yao and the others!
With a palm imprint flashing with lightning, Mu Yao and the others were all slapped to the ground by this palm imprint!
Palm
All of the Mu Family members were scattered to the ground, and they could not die any more!
No. ……..
The Mu Family’s head roared!
He could not understand how Chen Ping, who was only a cultivator of the fourth level of the Transition Realm, had comprehended the Time Origin.
“Kid, I will make you pay…
The Mu Family Head hissed and slowly disappeared!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, spat out a mouthful of blood, covering his chest and breathing heavily!
Chen Ping’s time essence has just been comprehended, not yet reached the ability to stop everything!
The reason why Mu Yao was unable to act just now was that Chen Ping had utilised the Mu Family Head’s Time Origin.
“Mr Chen, are you alright…”
Bing Lu and the others rushed over!
”I’m fine, I’m just a little dehydrated!”Chen Ping smiled faintly!
Ouyang Zhenhua and the others on the side, looking at the dead Mu family members, all of them had complex emotions, with an indescribable flavour!
Obviously, Chen Ping was only a 4th level Transition realm cultivator, but killing a 9th level Transition realm cultivator was as simple as chopping up a melon and cutting up a vegetable!
Isn’t this too outrageous?
And that Mu Naiyi, clearly has reached the strength of the Mahayana realm, but Chen Ping still have the ability to fight!
Whether Chen Ping is using his own treasures, or his own ability, the end result is that Mu Naiyi is dead!
Not even a soul was left behind!
These people don’t know how many secrets and treasures Chen Ping still has!
Rumble.
Suddenly, the ground shook, and cracks began to appear in the huge barrier on the Wuji Sacred Sect.
“‘Quickly go, the Wuji Holy Clan is going to collapse.”
Seeing this, Chen Ping shouted!
Without this barrier, the various temporal and spatial turbulences of the chaotic land would flood this place, and none of them would be able to survive!
Seeing this, everyone fled, finally escaping before the collapse of the Wuji Sacred Sect!