Long Wu excitedly stepped forward and hugged Chen Ping: “Hahahaha, Chen Ping, good job, good job, as long as you keep cultivating like this, Missy will hopefully see the light of day again ……”
“Uncle Long, we can’t stay here anymore, we need to change places ……”
Chen Ping knew that since the Dragon Family had found this place, it was no longer possible for Long Wu to retire in seclusion in Hongcheng, he needed to change to another place.
“Where are we going?” Long Wu asked.
“Pill God Valley!”
Right now, for Chen Ping, the safest place was also the Pill God Valley.
Chen Ping explained to Lin Tianhu and Red Phoenix to deal with Hong Cheng’s aftermath, and then took Long Wu and Su Yuqi and the girls straight to Pill God Valley!
Now Su Yuqi, Gu Ling’er and Xiao Lan were all injured, so they could still recuperate in the Pill God Valley without worrying about their injuries.
After Chen Ping and the girls arrived at the Pill God Valley, Xu Changsheng arranged for someone to start healing Su Yuqi and the girls’ injuries at the first opportunity.
Long Wu, on the other hand, took out the invitation for the trial and handed it to Chen Ping.
“Chen Ping, this trial is definitely fierce and dangerous, so be more careful yourself ……”
Long Wu looked at Chen Ping with some concern.
“Uncle Long, don’t worry, with my current strength, those of the younger generation are afraid that I have no rivals, not to mention that I now have an official status, they wouldn’t dare to blatantly make a move against me!”
Chen Ping took the invitation and said confidently.
“Ai, you are still too young, the martial arts world is far more complicated than you think, be more careful yourself ……”
Long Wu patted Chen Ping’s shoulder.
“I know, I’ll leave it to Uncle Long to look after Yu Qi and the girls ……”
After Chen Ping finished his explanation, he left Pill God Valley and headed straight for Kyoto.
There was still one day left before the trial, so Chen Ping had to get to Kyoto as soon as possible before he could.
…………
The Dragon Family!
There was still one day left before the trial, and at this moment, all the clans and families in Kyoto were all rubbing their fists together, knowing that the venue for this trial was the emperor’s tomb that had been experienced for thousands of years, and no one knew what treasures or dangers were inside.
But inside the emperor’s tomb, it was certainly full of organs and dangers, but everyone knew that with high returns, there were definitely high risks to be faced.
“Xiao’er, you have returned this time, your strength has grown a lot more ah ……”
Long Jingguo looked at Long Xiao in front of him, his face was full of joy.
“Dad, thanks to Master’s good teaching, originally Master planned to let me dive into cultivation and wait for the New Year to reach the peak of Martial Sect, this time when I return, I’m afraid I’ll have to delay some time.”
Long Xiao said.
“Silly son, this time the place of trial is an emperor’s tomb that is thousands of years old, there must be a lot of treasures and resources inside, when our Long family gets these, I will use these resources and use the fastest speed to push you to the peak of Martial Sect, or even the Martial Marquis realm, a Martial Marquis of your age, I’m afraid it’s the first one so far… …”
Long Jingguo said as he looked at Long Xiao dotingly.
“Dad, don’t worry about it, as long as I participate in the trials, these treasures and resources are my Long family’s.”
Long Xiao was full of confidence and arrogance.
But he did have the capital to be arrogant, he was able to reach the realm of seventh grade Martial Sect at a young age, which was something that many people could not reach even after decades of cultivation, and Long Xiao’s strength was comparable to the strength of the family head of some clans and families.
“Hahahaha, if you say so, Dad will be relieved ……”
Long Jingguo laughed out loud.
At this moment, Long Xingxu on the side slightly lowered his head, his current strength was still too far behind compared to Long Xiao, although he had good talent, but helplessly without resources, it was difficult for a clever woman to cook without rice.
Whereas Long Xiao was given almost the resources of the entire Long family to cultivate, so his strength must be growing at a fast pace.
“Xing Xu, have they still not been contacted by the Grand Protector?”
At this time, Long Jingguo looked to Long Xingxu who was at the side and asked.
“Family head, they haven’t been contacted yet!”
Long Xingxu replied in a small voice.