Sun Fuhai instantly gave a freeze, he did not understand how he was given a free bill.
As soon as Cui Zhiyuan heard this, he burst out laughing: “Haha, I didn’t expect this work card of mine to be so good, after pulling it out, the bill was directly waived, the Su family is really polite ……”
When Sun Fuhai heard this, he couldn’t help but nod, he also thought it was Cui Zhiyuan’s work card that worked, after all, Cui Zhiyuan also worked for the Su family.
Only the cashier lady gave Cui Zhiyuan a contemptuous look and said nothing. The reason why the bill was waived was because of Chen Ping.
When Chen Ping came over for dinner, of course the bill had to be waived, who would dare to take money from the future aunt of the Su family?
As the group walked out of the hotel, Sun Fuhai followed Chen Baoguo and said goodbye to each other!
“Come on, stop it, you stink to high heaven, it’s all Chen Ping’s fault. It’s all his fault.
Li Fengxia muttered, still glaring at Chen Ping in anger!
Chen Ping didn’t say anything, while Chen Baoguo followed Li Fengxia with an apologetic face and apologized, then took Tang Hongying and left!
Sun Fuhai also followed Li Fengxia home, leaving Chen Ping, Cui Zhiyuan and Sun Xiaomeng alone!
“Chen Ping, you stink of alcohol, take a taxi yourself, don’t get my car dirty ……”
Sun Xiaomeng said as she gave Chen Ping a cold look.
Chen Ping had made Cui Zhiyuan drink like this, Sun Xiaomeng was still angry now!
“Chen Ping, let’s go to Dynasty KTV, don’t you run off halfway ……”
Cui Zhiyuan finished staggering and was pulled into the car by Sun Xiaomeng, and then disappeared in a flash!
Looking at the car that sped away, Chen Ping’s eyes had some chill in them, this Cui Zhiyuan had been looking for trouble one after another, Chen Ping had to teach him a good lesson!
If it wasn’t for Sun Fuhai, Chen Ping wouldn’t have spoiled her!
Reaching out to stop a taxi, Chen Ping wanted to rush towards Dynasty KTV, but then the phone rang!
It was Wang Han Han calling, so Chen Ping hurriedly answered it!
“Brother Chen Ping, where have you and your family been? My mother made some dumplings and brought them over to you, but I found no one home!”
Wang Han Han inquired!
“We came out to eat!” Chen Ping explained!
“Oh, so have you finished eating now? I feel too stuffy at home and want to go out for a walk ……”
Wang Han Han’s meaning was obvious, she wanted Chen Ping to accompany her around!
Chen Ping hesitated and said, “I’m going to go to KTV now, I’ve succeeded in my interview today, so I’ll sing along with my colleagues ……”
“Oh, forget it then ……” Wang Han Han’s tone was tinged with a bit of loss!
“Where are you? Why don’t you go together?”
Chen Ping suddenly said!
He was thinking of bringing Wang Han Han to the company as well, just so he could also follow these people and get familiar with them.
“Is this …… appropriate?” Wang Han Han wanted to go, but was a little embarra*sed!
“What’s inappropriate about it, I want to bring you to the company tomorrow as well, there’s nothing wrong with getting acquainted first, I’ll pick you up ……”
Chen Ping said, let the taxi first went to their district to pick up Wang Han Han before rushing to the Royal Dynasty KTV.
At this time, Cui Zhiyuan had already arrived at Dynasty KTV and had opened a large private room!
“What’s wrong with this Chen Ping? He hasn’t come for such a long time, he hasn’t run away, has he? He’s so poor, I’m really afraid he can’t afford to pay ……”
Wang Lanlan muttered.
The others also agreed, fearing that if Chen Ping didn’t come, who would pay for the private room today?
“Tong Jian, if Chen Ping doesn’t come, you a group, you pay for today’s consumption ……”
Cui Zhiyuan leaned on the sofa, his eyes dazed, and said to Zhang Tongjian, who was sitting in the corner.
Zhang Tongjian nodded obediently, although very reluctantly, but did not dare to refuse!