Long Xiao got up and swept his eyes over those people who were mocking him for a week.
Feeling the killing intent on Long Xiao’s body, those people also shut their mouths instantly, because the battle was not over yet, who could guarantee that the final victory would be Chen Ping?
Just now, Chen Ping was still at a disadvantage, but he broke through in the middle of the battle, if Long Xiao was given some chance to defeat Chen Ping, then wouldn’t they, those who were mocking, have to die without a burial place?
Chen Ping’s body slowly descended from mid-air and landed in front of Long Xiao.
“I said, you can’t escape, between us, one must die ……”
Chen Ping looked at Long Xiao and said in a cold voice.
“How could you even break the void?”
Long Xiao’s eyes were filled with panic and his brows were tightly furrowed together.
“I’m not just breaking the void, I’m going to break even your head ……”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, he stepped out with one foot, and then his fist, which was incomparably rigid, swung out instantly!
Above the fist, golden light flashed, carrying a devastating momentum, and the entire heaven and earth changed colour!
Long Xiao was terrified and a black light rose from his body, trying to block Chen Ping’s attack!
Boom!
But to no avail, the black aura on Long Xiao’s body was instantly shattered, followed by his entire body being sent flying!
In mid-air, Long Xiao was spitting out blood with a hideous expression!
When the crowd saw this scene, they all became excited and started shouting anew.
“Beat him to death, beat that Long Xiao to death ……”
“Come on, we must not let Long Xiao live!”
“To kill him by a thousand cuts ……”
Many people began to cheer for Chen Ping and unanimously denounced Long Xiao!
Zhao Beng listened to the shouts of the crowd, his eyes were filled with contempt, this bunch of wallflowers, whoever is strong, support them!
Long Xiao was furious as he listened to the roar of the crowd, but there was nothing he could do.
And at this moment, Chen Ping turned his head to look at the crowd, those sitting here were all people from the martial arts community in Kyoto, covering almost all the martial arts cultivation families!
“What does it matter to you if I kill him or not? Don’t think that because of this, I’ll forget how you people have targeted me ……”
Chen Ping’s face was icy cold and his tone was gloomy!
With a single word, it caused all those guys from the martial world to shut up, their expressions filled with embarra*sment!
“Hahahaha, these guys are nothing more than wallflowers, the Kyoto martial arts community, with people like you, it is also sad ……”
“Chen Ping, you are a man, take out your full strength and fight me to the death ……”
Long Xiao wiped a handful of blood from the corner of his mouth, the soul spirit inside his body slowly manifested, the entire black mist, wrapped around Long Xiao’s whole body!
“Fight to the death with you?”
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted up, “You are not worthy of it yet ……”
After saying that, Chen Ping’s figure instantly transformed into a golden light, turning in an instant and arriving in front of Long Xiao!
Boom!
Another punch, while this one carried the power of opening up the heavens, smashing directly into Long Xiao’s chest, causing Long Xiao’s chest to sink and his entire body to start twisting!
“This Chen Ping is far more powerful than I imagined, I was overthinking ……”
Above the grandstand, Shi slowly got up and left straight away.
He felt like he had made this trip superfluous, he should have imagined Chen Ping and believed that Chen Ping could win!
“Ah …………”
Long Xiao hissed, so full of rage that he didn’t know how to vent it!
He found himself in front of Chen Ping, and he couldn’t even fight back!
This sudden gap in strength was hard for Long Xiao to accept!
“Calm down, calm down ……” The old voice in Long Xiao’s mind kept reminding, “We still have a chance …… ”
After the old voice finished speaking, a black figure was seen, actually struggling out from within Long Xiao’s body!
Like a doppelganger, each figure that struggled out carried an endless aura!
As Long Xiao looked at the figures that kept appearing, he was a little dumbfounded himself!
He didn’t even understand what these were!