“What am I doing lying to you!” Chen Ping said.
“Aiya, pity, pity ……”
Hu Ma Zi kept slapping his thighs and exclaiming pity!
But what can be done, it’s all about what you want, there’s no coercion!
“What a pity, it’s not like you’re short of women ……”
Chen Ping dragged Hu Ma Zi out of the hotel!
As the two walked down the street, Chen Ping unabashedly spread his divine sense out and instantly felt that there were surprisingly many experts around!
But these people weren’t hostile to Chen Ping, but were in groups of three or five, doing their own thing!
Chen Ping frowned slightly, and just walked slowly through the streets!
And at this moment, within the hall of the Zheng Family, Zheng Anguo’s face was incomparably ugly as he sat on the main seat, and at the position below him, sat quite a few of the Zheng Family’s top bra*s!
“Family head, today many strangers have suddenly come to South Lake City, and all of them are experts, the lowest of which are Martial Marquis strength, and among them, there are no longer a few Great Martial Marquis.”
A high ranking official said to Zheng Anguo.
“Do you know where these people are from?” Zheng An Guo asked.
“I don’t know, some of them are from the major sects and families around, and some are not sure of their identities.”
The senior replied!
“Ai, ten thousand year medicinal herbs, such top-notch resources, it seems that there is no way to hide them ……”
Zheng An Guo sighed, his expression becoming much older.
“Dad, South Lake is our Zheng family’s territory, with our Zheng family’s seven Great Martial Marquis and as many as a dozen Martial Marquis, there is still a need to fear those people!”
“Even if it’s those big clans from Kyoto, what can they do, here it’s strength that speaks.”
Zheng Kai said confidently.
“Family head, you don’t need to be overly anxious, with our Zheng family’s strength, those families that came from afar are not necessarily our opponents.”
A senior officer advised Zheng An Guo.
“If it was just one Southwest Zhu Family, I wouldn’t be afraid, but now in the entire South Lake City, how many clans and families have come, how many Great Martial Marquis experts have come, who can say?”
“If these people unite against our Zheng family, do we still have any chance of winning?”
“At that time, even if we win and get that Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb, we will still be greatly injured, what will we rely on to protect this Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb at that time?”
“At that time the ten thousand year medicinal herb is no resource, it will become a time bomb for our Zheng family, everyone will be watching and dealing with our Zheng family’s ……”
Zheng An Guo knew that after the news of this Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb spread, their Zheng Family would not have a good time in the future even if they got the Ten Thousand Year Medicinal Herb.
“Then what should we do? Should we just stand by and watch other clans and families take it?”
Zheng Kai asked in disbelief.
“Of course not, since our Zheng family can’t take it, we might as well do a favor ……”
Zheng An Guo’s eyes narrowed slightly, then he turned to Zheng Kai and said, “You go and find a way to invite Chen Ping here, remember for me, your attitude must be good, before you annoy Chen Ping, I will break your legs ……”
“Dad, what are you doing? Do you want to give that 10,000 year old herb to Chen Ping?”
Zheng Kai said with a shocked face.
“We can’t get it, so what if we give it to him? Besides, we haven’t gotten our hands on this 10,000-year herb, so how can we talk about giving it away? As long as that Chen Ping has the ability to get it, then we are doing this as a favor, and we can also follow Chen Ping to make friends, so why not do it ……”
Zheng An Guo explained.
“Dad, but ……”
Zheng Kai wanted to say something else, but was glared at by Zheng An Guo: “Shut up, when will you grow a brain, short-sighted guy ……”
Zheng Kai was reprimanded and did not dare to speak, he could only turn around and go to that Chen Ping!
On the other hand, Zheng An Guo looked at the senior management and said, “You guys send everyone down, make sure to check the information of the strangers who entered South Lake City, and see how many people came to grab this 10,000 year old medicinal herb!”
“As ordered ……”
The senior members of the crowd led the order and left.