From the girl’s aura, Chen Ping had already sensed that the other party was seriously injured and was merely holding on strong just now!
As Chen Ping’s words fell, the girl’s face changed and a mouthful of blood suddenly gushed out!
As the blood spurted out, the girl also fell backwards heavily!
Seeing this, Chen Ping immediately took a giant step and held the girl in place, followed by a spiritual power into the girl’s body!
It was only after a while that the girl opened her eyes slowly!
When she saw that she was lying in Chen Ping’s arms, she hurriedly got up and pulled away from Chen Ping!
“What are you going to do to me?”
The girl was in a state of panic!
“If I hadn’t saved you just now, you would have died here long ago.”
Chen Ping said with a helpless look on his face!
The girl checked her body and found that it was indeed much better, but she still looked at Chen Ping cautiously and said, “Why did you save me? We don’t even know each other, and besides, I hurt your people.”
“Even if you saved me, there’s no way I’d tell you the address of the Ice Soul Fragment, so die trying ……”
“What a dog bites Lü Dongbin and doesn’t know his own heart.” Chen Ping laughed coldly, then looked at the Three Monstrous Thieves “Let’s go, ignore this madman ……”
Chen Ping was about to leave with the three strange thieves, looking at Chen Ping’s back, the girl suddenly spoke up and shouted at Chen Ping “Wait a minute ……”
“What do you want? I told you, I don’t know what the Ice Spirit Fragment is, and I didn’t do it to rob it from you, don’t be endless.”
Chen Ping was furious!
“Sorry, I …… wanted to thank you for saving me.”
The girl had an embarrassed face at this point!
“No need to thank you, just don’t bite me back.” Chen Ping finished in no good mood, and with the three monstrous thieves he was about to leave!
But the girl caught up with him at that moment and stopped Chen Ping!
“What else do you want to do?” Chen Ping was furious!
“I wonder if you could help me and take that Ice Soul Fragment together?”
The girl asked!
“Why should I help you? Do we two know each other? You hurt one of my people, it’s good that I’m not looking for trouble with you, and you still want me to help you?”
Chen Ping said coldly!
“I won’t let you help me for nothing, when we get the Ice Soul Fragment, I can share half of it with you, even just half of the Ice Soul Fragment, it will give you a huge increase in strength.”
The girl hurriedly said!
When Chen Ping heard this, he instantly became interested, so he asked, “What is this Ice Spirit Fragment? Why is it so powerful?”
The girl looked at Chen Ping and did not look like she was pretending, so it seemed that Chen Ping really did not know what this Ice Soul Fragment was!
“Anyway, all you need to know is that this Ice Spirit Fragment is a treasure, and this piece of extremely cold land is also caused by this Ice Spirit Fragment.”
The girl said to Chen Ping!
“If this thing is a treasure, why do you want me to help you fetch it? Can’t you take it yourself?”
Chen Ping wondered!
“Around this Ice Soul Fragment, there is a demonic beast guarding it, I am simply no match for it, and my injury was caused by that demonic beast.”
The girl said truthfully!
“Even you are no match, I, a small cultivator of the second rank of the Harmony Realm, would be even more unable to defeat that demonic beast, so it is useless for you to look for me!”
Chen Ping shook his head.
“You don’t need to be modest, your strength is definitely above mine, you’ve definitely hidden your strength, don’t think I don’t know.”
“If you only had the second rank of the Combined Body realm, you wouldn’t be able to withstand the oppression of my aura at all.”
“And these three people, whose realms are even higher than yours, are your men and treat you with respect, how is this possible, you have to know that in the Celestial Realm, strength is paramount.”
The girl analysed line by line!
After hearing this, Chen Ping could not help but smile and said “Your analysis is good, I can help you to get it.”
After Chen Ping finished speaking, he looked at the three monstrous thieves “You guys wait here, the others will be here soon ……”