“No, they will definitely come back.”Chen Ping was filled with confidence!
It was not the humanity of this Xuan Bin and Zhou Tang that he believed in, what he believed in was the Immortal Spirit Stones in his hand!
Chen Ping followed Xiao Yuanshan back to the Imperial City!
While that Xuan Bin and Zhou Tang stopped a thousand miles away from the Xiao Imperial Dynasty!
“Big brother, did you say that the Immortal Spirit Stone vein was real?”
Zhou Tang asked Xuan Bin!
“I don’t know!”Xuan Bin shook his head!
Zhou Tang frowned slightly, “If it’s not real, even if we get someone to come, I’m afraid that we won’t be able to stay at all.”
“Whether we can stay or not, it’s none of our business, our task is to find someone.”After saying that, Xuan Bin moved, heading towards a piece of emptiness!
Zhou Tang followed closely behind, saying with a slight gravity, “Big brother, for that Chen Ping, following the Ten Temples and Sun Moon City as enemies, is it worth it?”
Zhou Tang, who had just knelt in front of Chen Ping with a mouthful of being a dog, was now backing out!
Anyway, ten thousand Immortal Spirit Stones had arrived, enough for them to cultivate for a while!
Maybe these ten thousand Immortal Spirit Stones could send them to the Immortalisation Realm!
“Don’t worry, that Sun Moon City will never become Chen Ping’s enemy, you didn’t realise that Lin Ke Dong left the city privately to deal with that Chen Ping.”
“That Fourth Prince who rushed behind was the one who pulled him back, it’s obvious that Sun Moon City doesn’t want to get involved in the matter of the Execution Order!”
“As for Lin Ke Dong’s injuries, it’ll be fine if he recuperates, it’s not like he’s going to lose his life!”
Xuan Bin analysed as he walked!
Zhou Tang listened on the sidelines and grew to admire this big brother more and more!
…………
Sun Moon City!
Lin Ke Dong was assisted back by Lin Ke Fan!
Lin Chong sat on his throne with an angry face, looking like he wanted to eat someone!
“How dare you, how dare you leave the city privately without my orders, do you think that I won’t punish you because you are the Grand Imperial Prince?”
Lin Chong roared at Lin Ke Dong!
Lin Ke Dong plopped down on his knees and said with an aggrieved face, “Father, the resources you gave me are too little, I simply don’t have enough to cultivate, at this rate, when will I be able to break through the Mahayana realm and reach the Immortalisation realm ah?”
“Although that Ten Temples has no credibility, it gave me 20,000 Immortal Spirit Stones as a deposit, these 20,000 Immortal Spirit Stones cannot be faked!”
Lin Ke Dong even took out twenty thousand Immortal Spirit Stones in front of Lin Chong!
When Lin Chong heard this, he became even more angry, breathing heavily and said, “You fucking idiot, why did those Ten Temples only give you the deposit and not the others?”
“They’re using you, are you filled with shit inside your head?”
Lin Chong finished yelling, then looked at Lin Ruoya: “Ruoya, I asked you to guard the right and left of the Grand Prince, for what?”
“Your Majesty, I …… I persuaded the Grand Prince, but I didn’t persuade him!”Lin Ruoya hurriedly knelt on the ground!
“Father, big brother is injured, it’s better to let him heal first and wait until he’s healed!”
Lin Kefan persuaded Lin Chong!
“Ke Fan, you said that Chen Ping is only in the second level of the Mahayana realm?”
Lin Chong asked!
“Yes, Second Grade of the Mahayana Realm!”Lin Kefan nodded!
“Second rank of the Mahayana realm, to have beaten your brother, a peak of the Mahayana realm, to this state, it seems that this brat has some meaning.”
“Ke Fan, if it was you who fought him, what are the chances of winning?”
Lin Chong asked!
Lin Kefan pondered for a moment, then extended a finger.
“What? Only 10%?”Lin Chong froze!
“Father, it’s not even 10%!”
Lin Kefan said very seriously!
“Interesting, this Chen Ping is really interesting, looks like I really need to meet him.”
Lin Chong said with an appreciative expression!
When Lin Ke Dong saw this scene, he was going to be infuriated, he was beaten by Chen Ping, his own father didn’t say that he would help him to take revenge, but he even had the heart to praise that Chen Ping?