“It seems you’ve calculated everything!” Chen Ping gave a bitter smile.
“Of course, if I hadn’t planned thoroughly, would I dare come for you blindly?” The Master of Tianyuan Pavilion smirked.
“But with all your calculations, you missed one thing!”
Chen Ping’s gaze burned as he stared at the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion.
“Oh? What did I miss?” The Master of Tianyuan Pavilion asked, puzzled.
“You didn’t account for whether I’d self-detonate…”
As he spoke, the aura within Chen Ping began to surge wildly, his entire body swelling like a balloon!
“Chen Ping, don’t be reckless…”
Seeing this, Huo Jingjing and Mo Qingyun hurriedly tried to dissuade him!
Huo Zhao was also startled, unable to fathom why Chen Ping, without doing anything else, would choose to self-detonate!
The Master of Tianyuan Pavilion was taken aback as well, not expecting Chen Ping to be so bold!
“If I self-detonate, do you think you can escape?”
Chen Ping challenged the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion!
Huo Jingjing and Mo Qingyun also began to channel their inner auras, preparing to self-detonate as well!
If Chen Ping perished in a self-detonation, they would not cling to life either!
This left the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion stunned, unable to withstand a chain of self-detonations!
“Don’t be impulsive, I didn’t say I must kill you…”
The Master of Tianyuan Pavilion said to Chen Ping!
“You want the two coffins from the ancient ruins?” Chen Ping asked.
The Master of Tianyuan Pavilion nodded, “Correct, as long as you give me the two coffins you obtained from the ancient ruins, I’ll leave immediately!”
“As for you killing Tianci and Elder Tong, I won’t pursue it further. After all, our Tianyuan Pavilion’s prodigies and elders aren’t limited to just those two!”
Seeing the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion’s response, Chen Ping restrained his aura, “If you’d said that earlier, wouldn’t this have been simpler!”
Without the slightest hesitation, Chen Ping summoned the two coffins and placed them before the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion!
Looking at the coffins, adorned with flowing runes, the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion’s eyes gleamed with excitement!
However, Chen Ping’s readiness to hand over the coffins made the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion wary of a possible trick!
“I haven’t opened these two coffins, nor do I have the means to open them, so they’re useless to me!”
“Trading two useless coffins for my life, I think it’s a fair deal!”
Chen Ping, aware of the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion’s concerns, explained.
Hearing Chen Ping’s explanation, the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion gave a faint smile and casually stored the two coffins!
“Our grudges are settled…”
After speaking, the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion waved his hand and vanished instantly with his subordinates!
Seeing the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion leave, Chen Ping let out a long sigh of relief, but a wave of dizziness nearly caused him to collapse!
His body had reached its limit, and he needed to recover as soon as possible!
“Guard me, I’m going to the tower to recuperate…”
After giving instructions, Chen Ping entered the tower to heal!
Atop the main peak of Tianyuan Pavilion, shrouded in perpetual mist, the pavilion’s buildings were constructed along the mountains, exuding an ancient and solemn aura.
When the Master of Tianyuan Pavilion returned with dozens of black-clad cultivators, the core disciples of Tianyuan Pavilion were already standing solemnly at the mountain gate, awaiting him.
However, the Master’s face lacked its usual authority, instead showing an irrepressible excitement. The two coffins with ancient runes in his sleeve seemed to hold treasures capable of reshaping the balance of the Second Heaven.
“Master, you’re back!”
A white-haired elder stepped forward, his gaze involuntarily drawn to the coffins in the Master’s hands, “The vengeance for Tianci and Elder Tong…”
“We’ll discuss that later.”
The Master of Tianyuan Pavilion waved his hand, his voice tinged with suppressed excitement, “Pass my order, seal off the core area of Tianyuan Pavilion, no one is to approach!”
He hurried toward his secluded retreat, the “Hidden Abyss Cave.”