Before reaching the Supreme Flame, Lu San stopped, followed by a gust of cold laughter on his face!
“If you want to follow us and fight, you guys are still too young, Senior Brother Liu has already prepared for this.”
The corner of Lu San’s mouth lifted up, filled with a smug look!
Along with Lu San gently aiming that copper mirror at the Supreme Fire, soon the Supreme Fire burned even more exuberantly, and a fierce wave of heat continued to come towards Chen Ping and their side!
Chen Ping was indifferent, but the other cultivators were obviously a bit overwhelmed!
“You guys just wait obediently to admit defeat ……”
After Lu San got his way, he re-wrapped that copper mirror and put it in his arms, slowly retreating back.
The heat wave of the Supreme Flame was increasing, while Lu San and their side seemed to be unaffected at all!
“Ah …… I quit, I quit …………”
Finally, there was a cultivator who could not withstand it and began to scream miserably!
With a ray of light, that cultivator was teleported out!
Seeing this, Chen Ping hurriedly cast the Extreme Cold Ice Flame, enveloping the area they were in!
The Extreme Cold Ice Flame was also a type of Supreme Fire, so it wasn’t rejected by the test!
However, the Extreme Cold Ice Flame emitted a cold aura!
At this moment, Qian Xiu and all of them felt a sudden coolness in their bodies, followed by the scorching heat wave disappearing!
This feeling, which was very comfortable, caused the crowd to all be puzzled!
However, they could not see or feel anything and could only make wild guesses!
While Chen Ping was helping everyone resist the heat wave, his divine sense slowly entered the centre of the flame!
In the centre of the flame, a brown to fire was pulsating.
Chen Ping at this moment, if he refined and absorbed this Supreme Flame, the examination would definitely be terminated, and the Purple Flame Sect would definitely know about it, after all, that the Supreme Flame had suddenly disappeared, it was impossible for the Purple Flame Sect to be unaware of such a big matter!
If there were more Supreme Flames here, Chen Ping would still be able to refine a little, but there was only such a small Supreme Flame here, so if Chen Ping wasn’t paying attention, it would all be refined.
He had come here to learn the technique of Supreme Fire Fusion, and if he made the Purple Flame Sect suspect his identity just for the sake of this mass of Supreme Fire, then it would not be worth the loss to come here!
However, an unknown Supreme Flame was in front of him, and Chen Ping felt that it would be too much of a waste if he did not refine it!
After thinking for a moment, Chen Ping seemed to have thought of something!
Just now, that Lu Sanyu used the copper mirror in his hand to make the supreme fire suddenly become vigorous, and the heat wave was much stronger!
In that case, it seemed that there should be a source of the Violet Flame Sect’s Supreme Flame in the copper mirror, or else the Supreme Flame here would not have suddenly become strong!
As long as he could get his hands on that copper mirror, Chen Ping could try to refine the Supreme Flame within that copper mirror!
However, at this time, that Lu San had already returned to his area, and Chen Ping did not have the means to get his hands on the bronze mirror!
After thinking about it for a few moments, Chen Ping decided to snatch the copper mirror in that Lu San’s hand!
Now that the entire area was sealed off, and everyone was trying to resist the heat wave of the Supreme Flame, no one would notice!
As for the impenetrable formation, it would be very easy for Chen Ping to break it!
Only to see Chen Ping’s palm glowing with light, gently flicking at the white area in front of him, soon that white area formed a tunnel!
Chen Ping walked out with ease and slowly arrived in front of the Supreme Flame.
Chen Ping looked at the area of Lu San and the others and kept moving closer!
But if Chen Ping directly entered Lu San’s area and forcefully snatched it, it would definitely cause the fluctuation of the assessment formation, and that Lu San would definitely be able to find out!
Now can only think of a way to Lu San to in attract out, as long as he left his own that area, Chen Ping in the use of illusion formation to fascinate Lu San, Chen Ping can seize Lu San hands of the copper mirror!
Just to let Lu San leave that area by himself was not an easy thing to do, after all, this guy had just sat on his hands and feet, it was impossible for him to blatantly leave again!