He did not expect Chen Ping to force Ning Hai to blow himself up, knowing that a Martial Marquis would not easily blow himself up even if he died.
After all, a Martial Marquis also had a family, and if he blew himself up, it would mean that his entire family would also disappear from the world.
“This time, Chen Ping is afraid that he will definitely die ……”
A family head said indifferently.
If a Martial Lord blew himself up, there couldn’t be anything alive for a hundred meters around.
“It’s better to wait until we find out more, I always feel that that Chen Ping will not die so easily ……”
Long Jingguo spoke slowly.
Long Jingguo knew Chen Ping’s true identity, and the fact that Chen Ping had grown in strength so quickly and was not practicing evil techniques, then it followed the secret he wanted to know.
He had held his sister captive for over twenty years and had never killed Long Ruotong, because he wanted to know this secret.
And it was possible that this secret was hidden in Chen Ping’s body.
“Right, let’s wait until we find out, you guys go back first ……”
Zhu Zhishan waved his hand, and several of the martial arts family heads left.
Just after they left, seven men in black walked in.
All seven were dressed in black, even their heads were covered by black scarves, only one pair of eyes were exposed, but these people’s eyes were lusterless, they didn’t even blink, just following the dead, no sound!
Facing the seven men in black, Zhu Zhishan took out Chen Ping’s photograph and gently squeezed it in his hand, and it instantly burst into flames.
“The target of you seven is this man, to bring me back alive ……”
Zhu Zhishan ordered to the seven men in black.
The seven men in black nodded and walked out without saying a word.
The reason why Zhu Zhishan did not kill Chen Ping and wanted to bring him back alive was because he also wanted to obtain the dragon crystal inside Chen Ping.
When he fought against Ning Hai again, the golden dragon hovering above Chen Ping’s head had Avray shocked Zhu Zhishan.
So he changed his plan and planned to capture Chen Ping alive, then take out the dragon crystal and kill him.
At this moment, Chen Ping looked at Ning Hai, who had long since turned into powder, and the disappearing Ning family, and felt some pity in his heart.
Ning Hai was a Golden Dan Martial Marquis, if he could get his hands on the Golden Dan, it would definitely be of great help to Chen Ping’s cultivation.
However, now that Ning Hai had all become powder, the golden pellet would no longer exist.
The next step was to find a way to find that Ning Zhi, who was the culprit!
“No matter how far you flee to the ends of the earth, I will find you ……”
Chen Ping’s eyes were filled with a determined look.
The Ning family was settled, but there was still one more thing, and that was the Ning family’s huge industries and resources in Kyoto.
This needed someone to take over and take care of it, and Chen Ping himself did not have the time, he had to find someone to do so.
However, the Shadowless Villa had been relocated by Chen Ping to the Valley of the Wicked, which was a bit far away, so there was no way for him to take over the huge industry of the Ning family.
After all, the Bai family was only a simple business family, so if they were to take over the martial arts family’s estate, not to mention whether the Bai family had the strength to hold on to it, there were many things that the Bai family simply did not understand!
Just as Chen Ping was pondering, a man, Dong Jiahao, suddenly appeared in his mind!
The Dong family was also a famous martial arts family in Kyoto, and Dong Jiahao was a righteous guy who had a good relationship with him!
So Chen Ping hoped that the Dong family would step in and take over the Ning family’s huge estate.
As for that Dong Liqun, Chen Ping believed that he would never dare to harm his own heart again.
Thinking of this, Chen Ping headed towards the Dong family, but just after taking two steps, he noticed that someone seemed to be secretly observing him.
Chen Ping’s divine sense radiated out and he immediately discovered that not far away, an elder of the Martial Alliance was secretly watching him.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted slightly and he did not turn around, but said in a cold voice, “Being sneaky is not like the style of the Martial Dao Alliance, since you are here, get out ……”
Chen Ping’s words startled that Martial Dao Alliance elder, but he still walked out cautiously.