Granny Zhen could say that she was an elder and was acquainted!
Fire Phoenix could not say that!
“No harm done, I didn’t expect this girl to be quite lively and cute.”
“But I only have three sisters above me, so there’s no such thing as Da Lang, Er Lang!”
Zhou Si Lang said with a smile!
“Little Zhou, just now you said that the Apothecary Conference is going to be held on Apothecary God Island, what’s going on?”
Granny Zhen asked!
“I don’t know, the notice was just posted, now the whole Yongle City is in a mess, many pharmacists don’t know what’s going on.”
“Western Region Pharmacist Association are blocked by many people at the door, want to ask for a statement it, can’t come from thousands of miles away, and finally the Pharmacist Assembly to go to the Pill God Island, and also need to be assessed.”
As Zhou Silang spoke, he was also visibly furious, and was very dissatisfied with this sudden decision!
Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan looked at Chen Ping, it seemed that Chen Ping had been given inside information and had known from the start that the Pill Masters’ Conference was going to be held on Pill God Island!
Now that it had just been announced, surely many people would have opinions!
“Let’s go, let’s go out and take a look, if that’s really the case, then it’s too much.”
Zhen Huan said and hurriedly went out!
Zhou Silang followed closely behind!
Granny Zhen, on the other hand, shook her head and returned to her room, no matter what it was, it wasn’t like she was attending any medicinal masters’ conference anyway!
“Flame Phoenix, Bai Qian, you guys stay at home, don’t go out recklessly if there’s nothing going on.”
“Let’s go out and see what’s going on!”
Chen Ping said to Fire Phoenix Bai Shallow!
Fire Phoenix, Bai Shallow and Ji Yun didn’t know the art of pill refining and weren’t pill masters, so it was pointless to go and join in the fun!
“Master, you have to pay attention, remember it’s not about you!”
Fire Phoenix reminded Chen Ping!
“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
Chen Ping smiled faintly before bringing Nie Heng and Liu Ruyan to leave as well!
When Chen Ping and the others arrived on the streets of Yongle City, all of those pill masters on the streets were shouting with righteous indignation!
And there were also those who put up banners and marched in demonstrations!
After all, this matter was only discussed at the top levels, and the pharmacists below did not know about it!
So when it was suddenly announced, there would definitely be a lot of pharmacists in an uproar!
But soon, the big families, as well as the senior management of the major pharmacist associations stepped in, and began to call their respective people back!
In the end, there were some scattered apothecaries left, and they couldn’t make a climate!
In fact, these pharmacists do not care about where to start the pharmacist conference, they care most about the test!
At the beginning of the pharmacist conference is no assessment, as long as the identity of the pharmacist can participate!
Now that people are coming, you suddenly propose an assessment!
For many people, that was unfair!
After all, many Pill Masters were not strong, in order to participate in the Pill Master Congress and improve their strength!
Only, there was a change in this year’s Pill Master Conference, the Pill God Island needed senior pill masters, that is, pill masters with strength!
This was because only pill masters with strength would be able to unlock the secrets of the Pill God’s Fallen Land!
Finding a bunch of pill masters with low strength to travel to the Pill God Island would be of no use at all, except for using up resources!
That’s why Pill God Island did this!
All the pill masters had gathered at the entrance of the Western Region Pill Master Association!
After all, this matter required an explanation from the Western Region Apothecary Guild before it could be resolved!
But just as the crowd waited for the president of the Western Region Apothecary Guild to give an explanation, the door of the Apothecary Guild slowly opened and a youth wearing a white robe with a golden leopard pattern embroidered on his body walked out!
As soon as the youth appeared, he carried an imposing momentum on his body!
Chen Ping just swept a glance and could tell that this person was actually at the cultivation level of the Mahayana Realm!
Although he had only just been promoted to the Mahayana Realm, he was indeed a true and genuine Mahayana Realm!