Chen Ping could already feel his eyes starting to glaze over now, not knowing when he would simply collapse.
“Go to hell …………”
Chen Ping fiercely bit the tip of his tongue, and a surge of scarlet blood stimulated Chen Ping, instantly causing the aura on Chen Ping’s body to skyrocket.
The three remaining black bronze robes were all startled when they saw this!
“This kid is crazy, he’s burning his essence blood, he’s going to die with us, let’s go ……”
One black bronze robe saw this and turned around and fled in fear!
And the remaining two black bronze robes did not hesitate, two black fogs struck out, and the entire martial arts arena was enveloped in black fog.
When the black mist cleared, the only person left on the vast martial arts arena was Chen Ping, holding the Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, supported on the ground!
And the three black bronze robes had long since fled without a trace!
“D*mn it …………”
Zhu Zhishan’s face couldn’t be more ugly when he saw this.
On the side, Long Xiao’s face also changed and changed, not knowing what he was thinking!
And the people around looked at Chen Ping, who was covered in blood, and all showed admiration!
As Chen Ping looked around, his entire body suddenly went black before his eyes and collapsed heavily on top of the martial arts arena!
This sudden turn of events startled many people!
Zhu Zhishan, on the other hand, raised his eyebrows in joy, “Long Xiao, here’s our chance ……”
After saying that, Zhu Zhishan leapt up and landed on top of the martial arts arena, he couldn’t care less about face or honor right now, as long as he could kill Chen Ping!
Seeing this, Long Xiao also followed suit and leapt up onto the top of the martial arts arena!
“Mr. Chen …………”
“Brother Chen Ping ……”
Dong Liqun and also Dong Jiahao, with many experts from the Dong Clan, also went up onto the top of the martial arts arena!
For a moment, the Dong Family followed Zhu Zhishan as they formed a confrontation!
“Jiahao, carry Mr. Chen down, anyone who dares to make a move against Mr. Chen will be killed without amnesty ……”
Dong Liqun said to Dong Jiahao.
Dong Jiahao nodded and was about to step forward to take Chen Ping down to the martial arts arena, but was stopped by Long Xiao waving out a palm!
“No one is allowed to take him away ……”
Long Xiao said coldly.
“Long Xiao, you made your move while brother Chen Ping was unconscious, shame on you, wait until he wakes up if you have the guts to fight again ……”
Dong Jiahao cursed angrily at Long Xiao.
At this time, Zhu Zhishan was gloomy and said to Dong Liqun, “Master Dong Family, why do you need to fight against our Martial Dao Alliance for the sake of a Chen Ping, do you know the consequences of fighting against my Martial Dao Alliance?”
“Now if you leave, I can guarantee that your Dong Family will stand in the Kyoto Martial Dao world, otherwise, there will be no Dong Family in the Kyoto Martial Dao world in the future ……”
Dong Liqun, however, snorted coldly, “Zhu Zhishan, as the alliance leader of the Martial Union, you have done such a shameless thing in front of so many fellow martial arts practitioners.”
“The four of you tackled Mr. Chen and were all beaten away, while you still want to take advantage of the opportunity, aren’t you afraid of being laughed at by the public?”
Zhu Zhishan frowned, “Cut the f*cking crap, I have to kill him today!”
With that, Zhu Zhishan’s aura soared, and a powerful force of pressure came towards Dong Liqun!
Dong Liqun was not willing to show any weakness either, and exploded out the aura on his body.
“All disciples of the Dong Clan, listen to the order, protect Mr. Chen to the death ……”
Dong Liqun gave an order, and all of the Dong Clan took up a stance!
In an instant, many people from the Martial Alliance, including the experts from the Long Family, also went up to the martial arts arena, and the entire martial arts arena was instantly going to turn into a great battle!
Dozens of people all exuded their aura, each one facing each other in anger.
However, looking at the strength, the Dong Family was much weaker, and if they really had to fight, it was only a matter of time before the Dong Family fell.
Perhaps the Dong Family would really disappear in this battle!
Although they knew they were no match, none of the Dong family members retreated.