Thinking of this, Chen Ping showed some excitement and was anxious to leave and go to find Hu Ma Zi!
When Jiang Wu Ya saw Chen Ping’s impatient look, he immediately stepped forward and said, “Brother Chen Ping, are you not in a difficult situation? If you’re in a difficult situation, I can get the Jiang family to contribute, we’re all on the same side, you don’t have to be polite!”
Jiang Wu Ya showed a keen interest in Chen Ping, it looked like he wanted to pull Chen Ping in!
“Thank you, House Master Jiang for your kindness, it’s some personal matters, if I need to, I will go to the Jiang family.”
Chen Ping said gratefully.
“Good, I will send someone to inform the Jiang family, as long as you give the word, so that they must respect and obey!”
Jiang Wu Ya laughed.
After bidding farewell to Jiang Wu Ya and Ge Cansheng, Chen Ping followed Ge Fu Hai back to Kyoto, while Chen Ping rushed towards Baihai City without stopping his hoof.
It was estimated that Hu Ma Zi was still in a tender place.
When Chen Ping arrived at Shen’s house, Pocky Hu was indeed surrounded by two beautiful women, and Pocky Hu’s face did not look too good!
Chen Ping could tell right away that this was the result of overindulgence!
“Chen Ping, what brings you here?”
Seeing Chen Ping, Pocky Hu waved his hand to let the two beauties go and asked in surprise.
“If I didn’t come, I guess you’re going to die inside the tender land, look at your current appearance, you don’t have any essence at all!”
Chen Ping helplessly glanced at that Hu Puzi and said.
Hu Pazi heatedly smiled and said, “You don’t understand, I’m also cultivating ……”
“You suddenly came here, are you looking for me for something?”
Hu Pazzi said as he got up and moved his muscles.
“I want you to spend a few tracking talismans for me ……”
Chen Ping said.
“sh*t, spending tracking talismans is very mana intensive, who are you going to track?”
Hu Ma Zi asked.
“Ge Yuhan, she’s missing ……”
Chen Ping replied.
“What? That girl can still go missing, did she get lost? After all, a few thousand years ago is not the same as now.”
Hu Ma Zi knew that inside Ge Yu Han was a spirit that had lived for several thousand years!
“No, I can sense that she’s locked up and in danger, but I can’t find her exact location.”
Chen Ping said with a serious face!
Seeing how serious Chen Ping was, Pocky Hu also put away his smile and said with a slight frown, “That girl is very strong, those who can take her away must not be ordinary people, do you have something with her scent?”
If Hu Ma Zi wanted to draw a tracking talisman, she had to have the scent of the other person’s body to do so, otherwise how could she track it!
“I brought it ……”
Saying that, Chen Ping brought out Ge Yuhan’s intimate clothing.
When Hu Pazi took a look, he froze and swallowed a mouthful of saliva and said, “sh*t, you took these things with the intention of making it impossible for me to draw charms without worrying, right?”
“I …… just feel that her scent is the strongest on these clothes!”
Chen Ping didn’t think that much about it at that time, he went to the Red Lotus Palace, took Ge Yuhan’s intimate clothes and came.
“Alright, give me the stuff!”
Pocky Hu took the clothes over and then put them on the table, followed by pulling out a yellow talisman and reciting the words under his breath!
Suddenly, the yellow talisman burst into flames, followed by even Ge Yuhan’s clothes, rising into a puff of smoke!
As the rune burned to ashes, Hu Ma Zi’s brow furrowed tightly, “Why is it so far away?”
“What? You know where Ge Yuhan is?”
Chen Ping asked.
Pocky Hu nodded, “Yes, follow me ……”
After saying that, Pocky Hu’s figure flickered away, while Chen Ping followed closely behind him!
The two men each cast their own spells as they flew forward!
Every time they pa*sed a distance, Pocky Hu would take out a tracking talisman and burn it to determine Ge Yuhan’s exact location!
Soon Chen Ping followed Pocky Hu to the middle of the jungle where people were rarely seen.
“Master Hu, you can’t be wrong here, how did the person get caught here?”
Chen Ping looked around at the deserted jungle and felt a little incredulous!