Feeling this dragon qi, the Jiao Long slowly closed its eyes, and a foul odour unexpectedly began to emanate around its body!
Soon, the graceful Jiao Long, at this moment, had long been covered in dirt!
Chen Ping leapt and moved away from the Jiao Long, then quietly looked at him!
Chen Ping knew that this Jiao Dragon must be metamorphosing because of his own Dragon Qi, sensing everything about the Dragon Race, and that was why he was emitting a foul stench!
Roar …………
Suddenly, the jiao dragon reappeared in its beastly form, and the scales on its body were shedding off in large patches!
Soon the original crimson scales on the Jiao Long’s body unexpectedly turned silver.
Dragon horns slowly grew out of the top of the augur dragon’s head, and a pair of dragon claws were also forming at a speed visible to the naked eye!
After just one hour, the auger dragon had completely metamorphosed, and now he was a real dragon!
“Thank you …………”
The Jiao Long hovered, feeling the changes in his body, and was excited inside!
“Now that you and I are of the same clan, it’s only right that I can help you out.”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
The Jiao Dragon circled around Chen Ping and then soared into the sky!
The entire mountain was impacted with a huge gaping hole, and then the Jiao Dragon’s body shot straight up into the sky!
Rumbling …………
Listening to that huge rumbling, looking at the auger dragon that suddenly rushed out from within the mountain!
Everyone was very shocked!
“What’s the situation? Could it be that the augur dragon has ascended?”
Elder Miao and that Cai Hongwei were all stunned and said!
None of them could have imagined that the Jiao Dragon would have ascended so quickly!
To know that the beast race’s metamorphosis and ascension is going to be even more difficult than the human race, it’s not that easy!
A multicoloured haze suddenly appeared in the sky , and the haze shone on the entire Chilian Mountain Range, making the darkness of the entire Chilian Mountain Range as if it was day!
This haze also makes the demonic beasts in the Chilian Mountain Range, one by one, shrinking in place, not a head dares to make the slightest sound!
Thousands of miles away in Meteor Sun City, many people also noticed this haze!
“Five-coloured haze light, too beautiful, is this someone ascending?”
“The Chilian Mountain Range, that’s the direction of the Chilian Mountain Range, it’s been a long time since the Celestial Realm has seen this colourful haze of ascension.”
“I don’t know what kind of person is ascending, is it a beast race or a human race ……”
The crowd all had envy in their eyes!
Ascension ……
A dream of all cultivators in the Celestial Realm!
All of their efforts are for the moment they ascend into Immortality!
Elder Miao’s and their mouths opened roundly as they watched that auger dragon fly into that multicoloured haze, slowly disappearing!
The multicoloured haze light disappeared, and only then did the crowd slowly come back to their senses!
“Mr Chen, where is Mr Chen?”
Ji Yun remembered Chen Ping and desperately ran towards the cave!
Fire Phoenix, along with the others, also ran towards the cave!
After all, these people had all received favours from Chen Ping, especially Old Miao following Cai Hongwei, they could not be ungrateful people!
What’s more, now that the Jiaolong had ascended, there was no more danger in the cave!
When the crowd entered the cave, they were instantly stunned by the sight before them!
Only to see that there was a downward passage at the bottom of the cave, and as they followed it, they discovered that Chen Ping was sitting on a huge boulder, and around the boulder, there was boiling magma!
The temperature of thousands of degrees caused all of them to sweat profusely and frown!
“Master should be cultivating, let’s not disturb him ……”
The Fire Phoenix could see that Chen Ping was cultivating, so he spoke out to remind him!
When the crowd heard this, they hurriedly retreated, leaving Chen Ping to cultivate in that boulder mountain!
The sky gradually brightened up, and the crowd recovered quite a bit of their strength after resting!
Especially Cai Hongwei, who had eaten the elixir that Chen Ping had refined, had completely recovered!
“Go see how little brother is doing ……”
Elder Miao said as he woke up!
Just as the crowd was about to follow Elder Miao to check on Chen Ping’s condition, suddenly a muffled thunderclap rang out in the sky!