After all, there were people outside of people, and there was a sky outside of the sky, Chen Ping had just broken through the Transition Realm, so he did not dare to say that he was invincible in the Celestial Realm!
“Mr Chen, this time the Divine Demon Battlefield opens in the Heavenly Demon Mountain, it won’t be like the opening of the Divine Demon Battlefield in other places, where there is no order to speak of.”
“The entire Heavenly Demon Mountain region of the six great demonic sects have followed the Heavenly Demon Mountain region of the many sects of cultivators reached an agreement, this time the Divine Demon Battlefield will not allow people to casually enter, you need to rely on the token to do so, so that you can put an end to some of the scattered cultivators, but also make some other regions to come to the cultivators, was blocked outside the Divine Demon Battlefield, unless you can come up with some resources, or else you can not get in. ”
“In that case, the many sect cultivators in the southern region have a natural advantage, and they can also take advantage of the opportunity to make a profit ……”
“Our Blood Spirit Valley, as a major force within the Heavenly Demon Mountain, we also have our own token quota in our hands, so I can guarantee that little brother will be able to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield before anyone else.”
Luo Shouhai’s words directly caused Chen Ping and also Cai Hongwei to freeze on the spot!
“Could it be that these cultivators from the Southern Region will agree to follow you devil cultivators and co-operate?”
Elder Miao asked with a face full of puzzlement!
“Why not co-operate? If they co-operate, it’s all profitable, if they don’t, it’s a lose-lose situation, so of course they’ll choose to co-operate.”
“No one will follow the resources, don’t forget that many people put profit first.”
“If this Divine Demon Battlefield was in your region and someone approached you to co-operate, even if it was a demonic cultivator, would you agree?”
Luo Shouhai said with a cold smile!
Miao Lao fell silent, Luo Shouhai was right, Miao Lao had seen it all this time, the Demon Sealing Alliance, an organisation that was known for getting rid of demons and defending the way of the world, ended up following the demonic cultivators to collaborate as well, so what’s not possible!
“This is good, with order, greater massacres can be avoided, if chaos reigns and there is no order, then the entire Heavenly Demon Mountain will be a purgatory, and it will definitely be impossible to avoid killing each other.”
Chen Ping slowly spoke!
Right now in the entire Celestial Realm, what was lacking was order, although there were Royal Masters in the five major regions of the Celestial Realm, but even the Royal Masters themselves only cared about cultivation, and did not ask about things on their own turf, and the others would be even less likely to care!
“Let’s go, you guys follow me, when the time comes to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, there won’t be anyone stopping us.”
Luo Shouhai said!
The crowd all looked at each other in disbelief and finally landed their gazes on Old Man Miao and Cai Hongwei!
After all, they were all human cultivators, and now they had to follow behind a demonic cultivator, it didn’t feel right!
But if they didn’t follow, those of them from the outer regions were afraid that they wouldn’t even be able to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, so wouldn’t it be a wasted visit!
Elder Miao and Cai Hongwei also looked at each other, all of them did not dare to open their mouths!
Seeing this, Chen Ping knew that all of these people also wanted to enter the Divine Demon Battlefield, but he did not want to take the lead in opening his mouth and taking on this responsibility!
After all, the current devil cultivators still followed the human cultivators with a divide!
“I’ll follow Lord Luo Gu, if after I return, someone uses this as an excuse to verbally attack me, let him come to me.”
Chen Ping took the initiative to take the responsibility!
When the crowd saw this, they all agreed, willing to follow along!
“Good, since they are all willing to follow me, let’s set off now, we’ll gather at the Xuan Yin Sect and wait there for the opening of the Divine Demon Battlefield.”
“Once we get there, there will be no distinction between humans and devils, no one will be allowed to be in private fights, the people from the several major clan families in the Heavenly Devil Mountain region are also present, and the human cultivators will also be restrained.”
“Whether you meet enemies or not, don’t make a move there, never remember, if you still have preconceived notions about demonic cultivators in your heart, you also have to hold back and not make a move, don’t forget that you’re here to search for treasures, not to engage in private fights, remember remember remember remember ……”
Luo Shouhai reminded the crowd!
The crowd all nodded, since they chose to follow Luo Shouhai, they had to listen to others!
Soon, the crowd headed towards the Xuan Yin Sect under Luo Shouhai’s leadership!