“Chen Ping, Miss Su is really nice, you can tell from her words that she is a big lady, but she doesn’t have any attitude at all, you have to work hard!”
Su Yuqi walked back and Tang Hongying said to Chen Ping.
“Mom, we are just ordinary friends!”
Chen Ping said with a helpless face.
“Chen Ping, I think Miss Su is not bad either, listen to your mother and try harder, your father is never wrong about people!”
At this time, Chen Baoguo also spoke up.
It seems that Chen Baoguo had really taken a liking to this Su Yuqi this time, and felt that Su Yuqi was not bad, so he persuaded Chen Ping.
“Alright, you guys leave it alone!”
Chen Ping was speechless for a while and walked into the bedroom!
After entering the bedroom, Chen Ping did not directly lie down to sleep, but sat cross-legged, slightly closing his eyes, and with a movement of his mind, the Heart Condensation Skill began to activate, and the surrounding spiritual Qi instantly gushed towards Chen Ping like a tidal wave!
For the past three years, Chen Ping had always persisted in his cultivation, never taking a day off, this was also a request from the old leader, now that he was out of prison, the old leader could not control him anymore, but Chen Ping would still persist!
Soon, the spiritual qi from the mountain top slowly entered Chen Ping’s body along with his exhalation, which formed a small whirlpool around Chen Ping’s body before being inhaled by him.
Even if he inhaled a large amount of spiritual energy, his current body could not consume it all at once, he needed to increase his strength gradually!
Time flew by, and soon the sun was revealed in the sky, and only then did Chen Ping slowly open his eyes.
Chen Ping took a long breath, his body felt more relaxed than ever before, the spiritual energy here was much more dense and pure than inside the prison, and he didn’t feel a trace of fatigue after training!
“Chen Ping, it’s time for breakfast!”
Tang Hongying’s voice sounded outside, and only then did Chen Ping stretch his muscles and open the door and walk out!
The breakfast was cooked by Chen Baoguo, it was sumptuous, and after yesterday’s arrival of Su Yuqi, Chen Baoguo’s attitude towards Chen Ping had obviously softened a lot, at least with a smile on his face, he wasn’t that old-fashioned anymore!
After breakfast, Tang Hongying asked Chen Baoguo to accompany her out for a walk, while Chen Ping planned to go down the mountain and find an antique market to see if he could find a brush with spiritual properties and vermilion sand!
He wanted to cure his mother’s illness as soon as possible and let his mother see the light again!
…………
Halfway up the mountain, in Geng Shanshan’s villa, Geng Shanshan, Fu Wei and Jiang Wenjing hadn’t left for the night and were staying here!
At this moment, Geng Shanshan had a face of anger, remembering the wedding that was ruined by Chen Ping yesterday, she was furious, and now Chen Ping was even living above her head, how could Geng Shanshan bear it!
“Fu Wei, when will the few buddies you mentioned arrive?”
Geng Shanshan asked as she turned to Fu Wei.
“Soon, my buddies are all practitioners, they are more than capable of beating a Chen Ping, and they are all in the road, they are definitely righteous enough!”
Fu Wei knew that Geng Shanshan was not out of breath, so he called a few friends to come over and prepare to deal with Chen Ping, plus avenge his own slap!
“That’s good, I don’t believe that Chen Ping will never come down from the mountain, that Su family can control him for the rest of his life!”
Geng Shanshan gritted her teeth, “This trash, breaking Brother Lei’s arm and ruining my wedding, simply deserves to die!”
After finishing her sentence with indignation, Geng Shanshan looked at Fu Wei and said, “I’m going to the hospital to see Brother Lei, I’ll leave the matter of cleaning up Chen Ping to you, if the matter is completed, the benefit fee will not be less than a penny!”
“No problem, just wait for my good news!”
Fu Wei nodded happily!