“If you just want to threaten me with a few words, I advise you not to say anything because I don’t like to listen to nonsense ……”
Chen Ping gave Qin Xiaotian a disdainful glance as he dodged and walked out the door!
“You …………”
Looking at Chen Ping’s back, Qin Xiaotian gritted his teeth and clenched his fists together.
If it wasn’t for Bai Xiushan and Zhao Wuji who were all present, Qin Xiaotian really wouldn’t be able to resist making a move, now that dozens of people had come from the Qin family, he didn’t believe that he couldn’t get one Chen Ping killed!
“Kid, wait for me, Zhao Wuji won’t always be by your side ……”
Qin Xiaotian threatened Chen Ping in a loud voice!
But Chen Ping acted as if he hadn’t heard him and continued to walk out the door!
On the contrary, Bai Xiushan stopped himself and looked back at Qin Xiaotian: “Qin Xiaotian, with my Bai family around, you won’t be able to touch a single hair on Mr. Chen’s head ……”
“Fie, when my big brother comes out of seclusion, your Bai family is nothing ……”
Qin Xiaotian fiercely pooh-poohed!
Bai Xiushan’s face suddenly turned cold, but in the end, he turned around and walked out!
Qin Xiaotian was right, if we wait for Qin Xiaotian’s big brother to come out of the gate, the Bai family might not really be a match for the Qin family, after all, to what terrifying extent the other party’s strength could be, no one could guess!
But fortunately, the Bai family now had a cultivator like Chen Ping behind them, so Bai Xiushan wasn’t particularly worried, the only thing he had to do now was to please Chen Ping!
The crowd walked out of the room and after arriving in the hall, they found that Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong, who had come out long ago, had not left, but were following a middle-aged man as he climbed in conversation!
Chen Ping was a bit puzzled, these two guys had been caught in a scam and almost lost their lives, how come they didn’t run for their lives now and dared to stay here and chat.
But Zhao Wuji on the side, after seeing the middle-aged man who was following Yuan Baozhong in conversation, his face changed slightly and he walked over quickly!
“Secretary Kong, why do you have time to come here?”
Zhao Wuji asked respectfully to the middle-aged man.
“It’s because the leader knew that the number one art master of China Harbour had come over, so he asked me to come over and invite Master Yuan to his house for a chat ……”
Secretary Kong said.
“Invite them for what?” Zhao Wuji glanced at Yuan Baozhong and Zou Zhaolong!
“Pavilion Master Zhao, you also know that the leader’s son has been lying down for over a year, and since Master Yuan has come to Kyoto, so the leader wants to invite Master Yuan over to have a look ……”
Secretary Kong explained.
“Oh!” Zhao Wuji just let out an oh, but did not follow that Secretary Kong on the spot to break up the two people coming over to cheat.
“Master Yuan, please go ahead, the car is right outside ……”
Secretary Kong respectfully said to Yuan Baozhong.
At this moment, Yuan Baozhong had an arrogant face, he knew that the person who invited himself definitely had a high status and position in Kyoto, after all, a secretary by his side could make Zhao Wuji, the head of the Kyoto Dharma Protection Pavilion, respectful.
Yuan Baozhong walked out with his head held high, Secretary Kong following him, and this scene was being seen by Qin Xiaotian who was walking out of the room!
Upon seeing the person beside Yuan Baozhong, his face changed slightly and his brows furrowed tightly.
Although the money was returned, the Qin family had lost a lot of face after being tricked. He had wanted to find a way to disgust Zou Zhaolong and Yuan Baozhong when they left Kyoto so that he could get his face back!
But now after seeing the person who invited Yuan Baozhong away, Qin Xiaotian immediately dismissed this idea!
“Who is this person?”
Chen Ping saw that even Zhao Wuji was so polite to the person who had invited Yuan Baozhong, so he couldn’t help but be puzzled!
“Mr. Chen, this is the secretary of the big leader of Department Six in Kyoto, I just don’t know what such a big leader is doing by sending his secretary to invite this big crook ……”
Bai Xiushan said!
Because this Yuan Baozhong followed Zou Zhaolong together with the partnership deception, let Bai Xiushan before all the admiration for Yuan Baozhong are gone, directly addressed as a big liar!