Inside the Pill God Valley, Chen Ping knew that after this kind of thing was published to the forum, it wouldn’t take long for it to be blocked, but the result he wanted had already been achieved.
Now that the matter of the island a*sa*sin had been resolved, there was no need for Chen Ping to hide and cultivate in Pill God Valley, seeing that there was not much time left before the New Year, Chen Ping planned to rescue Su Yuqi and his mother before the New Year.
But in order to rescue Su Yuqi and her mother, Chen Ping knew that his strength had to reach the level of half-step Martial Marquis or even Martial Marquis before he could do so.
Whether it was the Dragon Family or the Martial Alliance, it was not that easy to break in.
Chen Ping intended to go to Xichuan, that Demon Subduing Tower of Gu Kaiyuan was a good thing, one could get twice the result with half the effort by cultivating inside it, so Chen Ping hit to go and spend some time inside the Demon Subduing Tower.
But after leaving the Pill God Valley, Chen Ping received a call from Zhao Wuji, so he ran off to make a trip to the Protector’s Pavilion!
“Mr. Chen, the impact of you making five island warriors into human sticks this time is too bad, Mr. Shi is a bit upset, he asked me to tell you that he hopes you can restrain yourself a bit, and asked me to tell you that the wind will destroy the wood showers ……”
Zhao Wuji whispered to Chen Ping.
Chen Ping smiled lightly, “I know ……”
Chen Ping would not know the truth that the wind will destroy the wood show in the forest, but now Chen Ping will still not be spared even if he keeps a low profile.
What’s more, Su Yuqi is still in the hands of the Wudao Alliance, even though he knows it, but now he can’t do anything with the Wudao Alliance, and the Wudao Alliance won’t admit that they have taken Su Yuqi.
Is it possible to ask yourself to follow the Martial Alliance to reason?
Are you kidding ……
Since he was already on the opposite side, Chen Ping would not restrain himself, he just wanted to let everyone know what would happen if they messed with him ……
From the Protector’s Pavilion, Chen Ping took a taxi straight away, ready to go to the airport and take a flight to Xichuan!
As the car was driving to a remote road, Chen Ping instantly felt an aura lock onto him.
This aura was very domineering, and the person who was able to emit such an aura must be at the peak of Martial Sect, or even higher in strength.
“Master driver, stop the car, I’ll get off here ……”
Chen Ping asked the taxi driver to stop.
“This gentleman, this is still a long way from the airport ……”
The driver looked at Chen Ping in confusion.
“I’ll get off here ……”
Chen Ping threw the driver a hundred yuan bill before opening the car door and walking down.
The driver took the money and looked at Chen Ping who had already gotten out of the car and shook his head slightly, “What a weirdo ……”
The taxi left and Chen Ping slowly walked towards a wooded area by the roadside!
It was late autumn and the leaves on the trees were almost falling off!
In front of Chen Ping, a figure appeared, the man’s back was turned to Chen Ping, his hands were upside down, and he seemed to be waiting for someone ……
“I didn’t expect you to be even more cruel than me in your methods, if you don’t follow the Martial Union against them, perhaps you will become the leading figure of the young generation in Kyoto in the future ……”
The figure slowly turned around, his body bursting with killing energy, and the trees around him trembled slightly.
“Guo Wei, are you here to kill me?”
Chen Ping looked at Guo Wei who had turned around and asked indifferently.
“Not bad, if you stay, you will be a formidable enemy of the Martial Alliance in the future, so you must die now ……”
Guo Wei said in a cold voice.
“With just you, you can’t kill me at all, but you took my girlfriend, I will chop your head off to console my girlfriend for what she has suffered all this time ……”
Chen Ping looked at Guo Wei coldly as the killing aura on his body began to rise.
“Hahahaha …………”
Guo Wei threw back his head and laughed so loudly that the trees around him were shattered.