“Master Ma, are there a lot of underground gems here?”
Feng Yi asked to that Master Ma.
Grandmaster Ma nodded, “This place is indeed good, the entrance to the vein should be in the northwest, you send someone to look in that direction!”
“Good!” Feng Yi was overjoyed, if the direction was determined, then it was only a matter of time before the entrance to the vein was found, it seemed that in future, the whole Heng Mountain would become his own!
But just when Feng Yi was happy, he suddenly found a group of people also walking out from the middle of that jungle, it was none other than Song Zu De and the others!
When he saw Song Zu De walking out with his men, and looking as if he hadn’t been affected by anything, the smile on Feng Yi’s face froze!
“You guys …… how did you get out?”
Feng Yi asked with a shocked look on his face.
And that Master Ma frowned and said to Feng Yi, “Did someone walk out!”
“Yes, it was the Song family, all of them came out, they weren’t trapped at all!”
Feng Yi said to Grandmaster Ma.
“How is that possible?” Grandmaster Ma’s frown deepened.
“Hahahaha, Feng Yi, do you think a mere illusion can trap me? You’re too naive!”
Song Zu De laughed out loud!
“Song Zu De, what did you say? I don’t understand, what illusion!”
Feng Yi said as if he didn’t understand.
“Go ahead and pretend, there will be a moment when you can’t pretend anymore!” Song Zu De gave Feng Yi a fierce glare before following his men and saying, “Arrange for this, search for the entrance to the mine immediately!”
Soon, the Song family also began to search for the entrance to the mine, but the mountain range was so huge that it was not that easy to find the entrance to the mine!
Seeing the Song family searching like headless flies, the corner of Feng Yi’s mouth lifted slightly, they had a clear direction, so their search would be twice as easy!
At that moment, another noise came from inside the jungle, followed by Liu Chengyin coming out with the Liu family, but they were not so lucky, many of them were obviously exhausted and half their number!
As soon as they stepped out of the jungle, Liu Chengyin looked at Song Zu De and Feng Yi with a gloomy face: “You two, who is cheating? How dare you use illusionary techniques to trap me?”
It looked like Liu Chengyin had paid the price before he realised that everything before him was an illusion!
“Who else could it be, it’s all Feng Yi, the scumbag, and we’ve just come out from inside the jungle!”
Song Zu De pointed at Feng Yi and said.
“Song Zu De, don’t spit in your blood, what did you see me do? I even said it was you who did it, if you were also caught in the illusion, why were you able to walk out safely?”
Feng Yi didn’t want the Song and Liu families to unite, otherwise he wouldn’t have a chance of winning!
At this moment, all three parties were looking at each other, each with vigilance in their eyes!
At this moment, after reaching the top of the mountain, Chen Ping was in a state of excitement, he could feel that countless auras were rising upwards from the ground, as if they were going to break through the whole mountain top!
He could conclude that at the foot of where they were, there would definitely be a large amount of spirit stones located.
“Found it, found it …………”
Suddenly, the Feng family’s man who was looking for the entrance to the vein shouted out loud!
At this, everyone ran over in search of the sound, only to see a Feng family servant with a stone pick in his hand, and in front of him was a hole that was only less than a meter long.
The hole was so dark that nothing could be seen inside, but according to past experience, if one dug inwards along the hole, one would definitely be able to dig into the vein!
The appearance of the entrance to the vein instantly raised the sabre-rattling atmosphere among the three parties, as if they might strike at any moment!
“None of us are sure that this is the entrance to the vein now, and also whether this vein is rich in gems or not, we are only guessing, why don’t we join forces with the three families and open the cave entrance to see what’s really inside before making a decision?”
Liu Chengyin suggested to Song Zu De and Feng Yi!