The shadowy figure flickered in and out, but it was clear enough to make out a middle-aged man!
“Who’s there, who are you?”
The Tenth Hall Master frowned at the figure!
“Hmph, just a shadow, daring to stir trouble in our Divine Hall…”
The Ninth Hall Master snorted coldly, raising a hand to strike the figure!
But just as he lifted his palm, the shadow waved its hand, and the world seemed to freeze, they couldn’t move a muscle!
Now, both the Ninth and Tenth Hall Masters were gobsmacked!
“I’m the Mr. Shi you just said you’d beat the shit out of…”
The shadow stepped forward, growing clearer!
“You… you’re not the real body?”
The Ninth Hall Master stared in shock, if a mere shadow had this power, how terrifying must the real deal be!
Mr. Shi didn’t reply, maybe too lazy to bother, he just reached out, and the Ninth Hall Master was in his grasp!
Blood started seeping from the Ninth Hall Master’s body, his eyes bulged, his whole frame trembling!
Thud…
His body went limp, kneeling, eyes brimming with terror!
Meanwhile, a warm stream flowed from the Tenth Hall Master’s lower half, he’d pissed himself in fright!
A single shadow, treating them like ants, if the real body showed up, wouldn’t it be even worse!
This was Chen Ping’s backer?
The more the Tenth Hall Master thought, the more terrified he got, not just pissing himself, but shitting too!
A stench filled the entire Tenth Hall!
“Don’t… don’t kill me, I was wrong…”
The Ninth Hall Master, now deeply regretting his words!
The Tenth Hall Master, incontinent, on the verge of madness!
This Ninth Hall Master, who’d climbed to the eighth level of the Heaven Ladder, had no fight left against a shadow!
Less than an ant!
The Tenth Hall Master’s resolve shattered, completely broken!
Bloodline pride, face, none of it mattered now!
He collapsed to the ground, no strength left to even kneel!
His eyes, drowned in despair, utter despair!
“One word, one life lost, why bother…”
Mr. Shi sighed softly, “Haven’t heard someone say they’d beat the shit out of me in ages.”
Mr. Shi sighed softly, “Haven’t heard someone say they’d beat the shit out of me in ages.”
“You… are you an immortal?”
The Ninth Hall Master gaped at Mr. Shi, convinced he wasn’t from the Celestial Human Realm, had to be a Celestial Realm immortal!
The Tenth Hall Master swallowed hard, disbelief etched on his face, with the grand array sealing the Celestial Human Realm, how could an immortal be here?
Even past immortals, under this array, would have their power curbed!
“Immortal?” Mr. Shi glanced up at the void, “What’s an immortal worth.”
“Bloody hell…”
The Ninth Hall Master’s terror turned to despair!
The Tenth Hall Master’s mind blanked with horror, sitting in his own mess, like a helpless wreck!
“Whoever you are, let’s die together…”
From despair to delirium, the Ninth Hall Master’s body swelled up!
Countless terrifying auras surged from the heavens and earth, his body a ticking bomb!
He was about to self-destruct, despair driving him past reason!
The Tenth Hall Master saw it, wanted to run, but his body wouldn’t budge!
Mr. Shi eyed the inflating Ninth Hall Master, his gaze dripping with disdain!
With a flick of his finger!
The Ninth Hall Master, puffed up and primed to blow, shrivelled fast!
Pfft!
A fart-like pop, and his body turned to dust!
No trace of him left in the hall!
As if he’d never been there!
The Tenth Hall Master, slumped on the floor, watched it all, numb!
He wanted to pass out, escape this sight!
He’d trained his whole life, dreaming of ascending to immortality!
But now, even as an immortal, he’d be an ant to this shadow!
That blow, shattered him!
Truly shattered…
“Brat, I’ve wiped out another foe for you, all ‘cause this git ran his mouth, otherwise I wouldn’t have bothered!”
Mr. Shi muttered to himself, then faded away!