Along with the opening of the conference, the white mist on the Pill Pot Mountain also boiled up, and then gradually dissipated!
The entire Pill Cauldron Mountain was revealed in front of the crowd, and looking at the towering Pill Cauldron Mountain, the crowd’s hearts were filled with shock!
“Gentlemen, although the Pharmacist Conference is open, this Pill Cauldron Mountain can be explored by anyone, but I would like to advise you that if you don’t have enough strength to enter the Pill Cauldron Mountain, there is no return!”
“You all have to think clearly on your own, don’t look for the divine pills at that time and lose your lives!”
Ouyang Xing reminded the crowd!
At first, when Ouyang Wu Feng needed to assess and select those who would participate in the Apothecary Assembly, he was also afraid that there would be that low strength Apothecary who would lose their lives in the Apothecary Assembly!
But who knew that Zhong Yi’s appearance had allowed many Pill Masters to pass the examination and all came to participate in the Pill Masters Conference!
“Fellow Daoists, Island Master Ouyang has made it very clear that if you feel your strength is low, it’s best to just stroll around the foot of the mountain and forget about it.”
“With so many pill masters, they can also exchange ideas with each other, and the Pill God Island has also set up quite a few rewards.”
“Although this land where the Pill God fell, there will definitely be quite a few treasures, but everyone has to live within their means.”
“No one will be responsible for losing their lives for nothing when the time comes.”
Su Tianshuo got up and also said to the many pill masters!
“Life and death have their own destiny, wealth and riches are in the sky, since we’re here, we’re running towards the place where the Pill God fell.”
“Right, sustain the bold and starve the timid, we’re not afraid!”
“We can unite as one, as long as we are united, we won’t be in danger.”
The crowd shouted, they weren’t afraid of death at all!
“Good, a fellow Daoist just said the right thing, as long as we are united, we won’t be in danger.”
“If a fellow Daoist is willing to follow our Western Region Apothecary Association, I can guarantee everyone’s safety.”
Su Tianshuo then took advantage of the situation and said.
Upon hearing that Su Tianshuo could guarantee safety, there were quite a few people who wanted to follow the Western Region Pill Masters Association, after all, there is strength and safety in numbers!
Seeing that so many people wanted to follow him, the corner of Su Tianshuo’s mouth slightly raised!
This was the result he wanted, the more people that followed him, the easier it would be to follow up!
These pill masters didn’t think about it, although following Su Tianshuo and the others was safe, but if they really came across a divine elixir, or a pill god’s inheritance, how could there be a share for them!
However, these pharmacists didn’t think about this and all chose to stand together with Su Tianshuo!
Zhou Qian and Zhen Yuandao looked at each other, their brows slightly furrowed!
They knew that the Bao Family and the Diao Family followed Su Tianshuo and wore the same trousers, if there were so many more pharmacists following Su Tianshuo now, then both of their families would be in danger!
When they entered the Pill Cauldron Mountain, it would be difficult for their two families to fight if these people suddenly struck out against them!
Right now, their two families also had to contact helpers before they could do so!
The two people still didn’t know that Su Tianshuo wasn’t targeting their two families, but all the pill masters on the scene!
“Old Zhou, right now, Su Tianshuo is starting to pull together a gang, it’s obvious that after entering the mountain, he’s going to make a move against our two families.”
Zhen Yuandao said!
“Definitely, right now we have to pull some talents together as well.”
“That Zhong Pill Dignitary, needless to say, will definitely be with us, as well as that Chen Ping that your sister brought with her, he follows Chen Wenliang of the Central Region Pill Masters Association very closely.”
“If we can, let’s pull the Central Region Pill Master Association to our side, in that case, we won’t have to fear Su Tianshuo and the others.”
“The main thing is that that Chen Ping has the Xiao Imperial Dynasty behind him, so I don’t think that Su Tianshuo would dare to make a move easily.”
Zhou Qian said!
“When we enter the mountain in a while, I’ll find that Chen Ping and ask him to see what he means!”
Zhen Yuandao nodded, intending to personally talk to Chen Ping in a while!