Xuan Yuan Yan turned his head and saw Chen Ping slaughtering all the way, the many sons and daughters of the Xuan Yuan family were almost slaughtered, fiercely stopped his body and shouted, “All the sons and daughters of the Xuan Yuan family listen to the order, no one is allowed to run, stay with me and kill this Chen Ping ……”
Xuan Yuan Yan shouted angrily, causing many of the Xuan Yuan family’s sons and daughters to stop in their tracks, especially some of the elder-level Martial Sect experts, all gathered around Xuan Yuan Yan’s side.
As he saw Chen Ping’s Dragon Chopping Sword in his hand, his sword energy was like a storm, killing many of the Xuan Yuan Family’s sons and daughters under his sword.
Chen Ping’s body was covered in an incomparable golden glow, and his body was flooded with scales that he wore like armour.
With his feet on the corpses, Chen Ping was like the God of Death, arriving in front of Xuanyuan Yan in an instant.
Looking at Chen Ping, Xuan Yuan Yan’s face was ugly.
Even though he was surrounded by several Martial Sect guards, Xuan Yuan Yan’s heart still trembled with fear.
But at this moment, he could not run away, he could only fight to the death!
Taking a deep breath and holding back the fear in his heart, Xuan Yuan Yan said in a cold voice, “Chen Ping, you killed my son and slaughtered my Xuan Yuan family’s children, today I will fight you to the death ……”
Chen Ping’s face was cold as he slowly spoke, “You are not worthy to fight with me, I can kill you with just one sword ……”
As he spoke, the aura on Chen Ping’s body once again erupted, endless spiritual energy instantly whipped up a hurricane, after feeling the aura on Chen Ping’s body, Xuan Yuan Yan and the other Xuan Yuan family sons and daughters each had their hearts and minds shaken.
“Chen Ping, we can actually talk about it ……”
Xuan Yuan Yan looked at the tyrannical aura on Chen Ping and wanted to compromise.
“Talk about your mother ……”
Chen Ping cursed angrily and chopped out with his sword.
Xuan Yuan Yan felt the terrifying sword qi and did not dare to resist it hard, hurriedly dodging to the side.
But even though Xuanyuan Yan struggled to dodge, the huge sword qi still cut his body with wounds and blood flowed out.
Looking at the wounds on his body, Xuan Yuan Yan’s brow furrowed tightly.
“Chen Ping, you …… What exactly is your strength? Why is the power of this sword so great?”
Xuan Yuan Yan looked at Chen Ping in shock, in Xuan Yuan Yan’s opinion, Chen Ping’s strength was all set to catch up with the peak of Martial Sect.
But Chen Ping looked like he was clearly just a novice Martial Sect, so why did he explode with such a powerful strength.
It wasn’t that Xuanyuan Yan had never seen anyone who had crossed levels to kill, many talented martial artists were able to challenge opponents who were one or two realms above them, but those like Chen Ping, who had directly crossed a big realm, were simply rare, Xuanyuan Yan had never seen them at all.
“You don’t need to care what strength I am, you just need to know that you will soon see your son go!”
Chen Ping said with an icy face.
“Humph, you don’t need to be too arrogant, do you think that’s all the strength I have?”
Xuan Yuan Yan snorted coldly.
“What skills do you have, just use them!”
Chen Ping looked at Xuanyuan Yan coldly, that look was like looking at someone who was about to die.
Looking at Chen Ping’s eyes, Xuan Yuan Yan knew that he had no way to retreat, so he retreated his body and shouted, “Set up a formation …………”
Hearing Xuanyuan Yan’s order, soon the four Martial Sects of the Xuanyuan Family pulled out a short sword at the same time and ruthlessly stuck it into the ground, followed by four rays of light shooting out from the short sword!
Along with the four rays of light, an aura of majesty quickly spread out.
The terrifying pressure, containing endless killing intent, soon formed a huge spell formation, enveloping Chen Ping and Xuanyuan Yan.
The corners of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted disdainfully as he looked at the gradually forming spell formation.
Last time Xuanyuan Yan had used such a spell formation against him, and now he was trying to repeat the same trick.
“Don’t you have anything new to offer? Last time you couldn’t help me with this spell formation, this time it’s just as useless to me!”
Chen Ping looked at Xuanyuan Yan and sneered.