Chen Ping continued to head deeper into the valley!
Soon he saw an altar of God standing high above him, and it was emitting a faint light!
The rotting corpse was guarding the altar, and underneath it, Chen Ping could clearly hear a harsh scream!
“What are you doing here? Quickly and quickly go and guard the gate ……”
When the rotting corpse saw that Chen Ping had actually arrived here, he sternly ordered at Chen Ping!
He thought Chen Ping was already under his control at this point!
“Guard your mother ……”
Chen Ping suddenly rose up, and the Dragon Slashing Sword in his hand lit up with a golden light, and slashed out towards the rotting corpse with a bang!
The rotting corpse was stunned, he didn’t expect that Chen Ping wasn’t under his control at all!
The rotting corpse swung his fist and blocked, and one of his arms was neatly chopped off!
But the corpse didn’t have the slightest expression, as if the arm wasn’t his!
Chen Ping was stunned to see this, he didn’t expect that it would be so easy to cut off the corpse’s arm!
In that case, it seemed that this rotting corpse was not very strong, right?
While Chen Ping was in a daze, the rotting corpse’s severed arm was growing rapidly!
With a flip of his palm, a stream of fierce Qi condensed into arrow feathers, which were covered with runes and glowed with a faint light!
Numerous arrows shot towards Chen Ping, and the sinister and fierce Qi on the arrows whistled, emitting a harsh cracking sound!
When Chen Ping saw this, he waved the Dragon Cutting Sword in his hand, and a sword qi came out in front of him like a cutting moon scimitar!
Brush brush brush …………
The arrow feathers shot by the rotting corpse were instantly stirred up and turned into powder!
But the rotting corpse didn’t seem to care that it had missed a blow, instead, its brow flickered and a golden light was instantly taken into Chen Ping’s mind!
It turned out that the arrow feather was just to attract Chen Ping’s attention, it was not powerful, but the most powerful was this golden light!
After the golden light entered Chen Ping’s mind, it instantly began to take control of Chen Ping’s brain and seize his divine sense!
But just then, the Wordless Heavenly Book within Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness once again emitted a holy white light, and Chen Ping was personally bathed in this white light!
“Ahh …………”
The rotting corpse finally let out a miserable cry and fell to the ground with a painful expression!
Chen Ping knew that his chance had come, holding the Dragon Cutting Sword, a holy white light was injected into the sword, followed by a slash!
Swish …………
This sword, directly cut the rotting corpse in half, the rotting corpse in no longer moving, the whole body began to slowly decay, and finally unexpectedly slowly disappeared!
“This is too easy?”
Chen Ping was somewhat in disbelief, how could this rotting corpse be decapitated so easily by himself?
At this moment, Chen Ping felt a transformation in the grey haze within his body, and after his divine sense sank in, he found that the grey haze had now turned into a bright imprint!
“Could this be the dao mark?” Chen Ping mobilised that dao mark, and then a ma*sive force instantly came out of his body!
Seeing this, Chen Ping was filled with surprise, it seemed that that Yin Demon had not lied to him, the power of that Dao Stripe, it was indeed strong!
Chen Ping now had another kind of power besides his spiritual power and the power of the divine dragon!
This power Chen Ping did not intend to use it easily, he wanted to keep it as his killer weapon!
In a life-or-death situation, when the Spiritual Power and the Power of the Divine Dragon were depleted, the sudden use of this Daoist power would have an unexpected effect!
Chen Ping was happy for a while, but found that the figure of that Yin Devil had not appeared, so he couldn’t help but feel a little strange, he had killed this rotting corpse, why hadn’t the Yin Devil appeared yet?
“Hurry up and get me out, this guy is only stronger in mental attacks, and doesn’t have much strength!”
“He deserved it when he ran into you, even if his spiritual power is high, he can’t control you at all, that’s why I asked you to save me.”
At this moment, the figure of Yin Devil appeared!