“Now if we follow the Ye family and make a move, I’m afraid that your father and your brother will be in danger.”
“Let’s not start a conflict with the Ye family for now, they don’t know what’s going on in the Sheng family right now anyway, as long as your second uncle co-operates with us, we’ll have a chance to save your father and brother.”
Chen Ping explained after Sheng Jiahui!
“I’ll co-operate with you?”
Sheng Tiantai was at the side, and his eyes instantly glazed over!
How could he possibly work with Chen Ping!
“You may not co-operate, the consequence of not co-operating is suffering extreme pain and a slow death.”
“Do you still want to continue to savour what you just tasted?”
Chen Ping asked as he looked towards Sheng Tiantai!
Thinking of the painful taste just now, Sheng Tiantai’s body shivered slightly, then he shook his head “How do you want me to co-operate?”
“All you need to do is just to get the Ye family members to Converse away, then early tomorrow morning, I will accompany you to the Ye family and find a way to save the Sheng family head.”
Chen Ping said after Sheng Tiantai!
“You’re coming with me?” Sheng Tiantai froze “I’ll just go and ask for the person myself tomorrow, the Ye family is just asking us to join the Demon Sealing Alliance, it won’t make things difficult for me.”
Seeing that Sheng Tiantai was still so naïve, Chen Ping then smiled coldly “You are too naïve, if the Demon Sealing Alliance did not have any intentions, how could they take away the Sheng family head.”
Sheng Tiantai was not speaking, he also did not know why that Ye Liancheng had taken his elder brother away!
The reason why Sheng Tiantai had told all about the Sheng Family Shelter was because he wanted to follow Ye Liancheng and vote his determination to bring the Sheng Family to join the Demon Sealing Alliance!
At that time, the Sheng Family and the Ye Family would be considered family!
“For now, let’s trick the Ye family away first, if we really fight, casualties are inevitable, do you want to see the Sheng family dead or wounded?”
Chen Ping asked Sheng Tiantai!
“I’ll go ……”
Sheng Tiantai finished speaking and directly walked towards the front courtyard!
Chen Ping followed closely behind, while that Sheng Jiahui stayed in the courtyard!
At this moment, the outside of the Sheng Family had already been like an enemy, various formations were activated, and a light wrapped the Sheng Family!
“Turn it off, turn off the formations ……”
After Sheng Tian Tai arrived, he hurriedly asked the Sheng Family crowd to turn off the formations.
Only, no one listened to him, they all knew that Sheng Tiantai was a traitor now, and was no longer the second master of the Sheng family!
When Long Bo saw this, he then spoke “Turn off all the formations ……”
Hearing Long Bo say that, only then did the Sheng family shut down the formations!
Soon, the cronies around Sheng Tian Tai brought the Ye Family’s Grand Elder crowd to the door!
Seeing that Sheng Tian Tai was standing at the door, and that everyone in the Sheng family was there, even that Long Bo had come out, the cronies around Sheng Tian Tai were a bit surprised!
“Second Master, this …………”
That crony walked up to Sheng Tian Tai, his face full of doubts!
“Have all the things I explained been done?”
Sheng Tian Tai asked!
“It’s done, the things were handed over to the Ye Family Lord, and the Ye Family Lord sent the Ye Family’s Grand Elder to bring someone.”
The crony said!
“Second Master Sheng ……”
The Ye Family’s Grand Elder stepped forward and saluted towards Sheng Tiantai!
“Grand Elder, I’m really tired of you making the trip, at first I was afraid that the Sheng family members would oppose it, so I sent someone to ask for help from Ye family master.”
“Now all of our Sheng family members have embraced me and are thinking of joining the Demon Sealing Alliance, so Grand Elder made this trip for nothing.”
“I’m really sorry about this, in order to express my apologies, I’d like to ask the Grand Elder to bring people to rest in my humble abode for the night, and I’ll treat the Grand Elder well tomorrow.”
Sheng Tian Tai said with an embarrassed face!
Once the Grand Elder heard that, he also looked around at the Sheng family members, and said with a faint smile “Second Master Sheng is polite, since there is nothing going on in the Sheng family, I will go back and follow the family head to resume my orders.”
“That’s good, please also ask the First Elder to go back and tell Family Head Ye that tomorrow I will personally pay a visit to discuss joining the Demon Sealing Alliance.”
Sheng Tiantai said!
“No problem!” The Grand Elder nodded and then led the people to leave!