The shaking spirit boat made everyone all leap up and hover in mid-air, otherwise on that spirit boat, it always felt like it was going to sink!
“Kid, today I must waste you ……”
Elder Liu’s eyes were crimson, his body’s aura exploded as he killed towards Chen Ping!
Elder Liu slapped his palm towards Chen Ping, his palm instantly became pitch black, along with a black mist filling from his palm, the void was instantly torn apart, and it split towards Chen Ping!
These black mists were like sharp blades, and wherever they passed, the void was chopped up.
Seeing this, Chen Ping, on the other hand, had his Unbreakable Golden Body cover his entire body, and the Supreme Fire rose up, while he also slapped out a palm, and the flames that filled the sky rushed out!
Boom!
The black mist followed the flames and collided together, emitting a deafening sound as the heavens and earth continued to tremble!
“I didn’t expect you to be quite strong for a Formation Master!”
Chen Ping did not expect this Elder Liu’s strength to be no weaker than that Wang Qingshi!
Elder Liu was also full of shock at this moment, “You are just a sixth grade cultivator of the Transition Realm, but you were able to fight me with a palm and remain unharmed?”
He had thought that Chen Ping was only a high level of formation art, but now, it was obvious that his strength was not weak either!
Only he didn’t understand how Chen Ping, who was clearly only at the sixth rank of the Ferrying Realm, had erupted with such awesome strength!
“Fellow Daoist Chen, we’ve come to help you ……”
Chen Wenliang and Zhong Yi instantly flew up and reached Chen Ping’s side, intending to help Chen Ping deal with this Elder Liu!
“President Chen, Pill Dignitary Zhong, you guys lead the people to exterminate those disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, just leave this guy to me.”
“Although he has good strength, it’s not that easy to kill me.”
Chen Ping said to Chen Wenliang and Zhong Yi!
Both Chen Wenliang and Zhongxiang also knew Chen Ping’s strength, although they looked at Chen Ping who was only at the sixth rank of the Transitional Realm, but with the strength that he showed, the second rank of the Transitional Realm would not necessarily be a match for him!
“Well then, take care of yourself!”
Chen Wenliang nodded, and then led Zhong Yi to charge towards those disciples of the Sky-Shattering Dharma Sect!
The other pill masters as well as those from the Two Yi Sect also swarmed.
The disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect had relied on the art of formations in order to be more powerful than this pill master, but now there was no way for them to perform the art of formations because there were the people from the Two Yi Sect, and as long as they performed the formation, the people from the Two Yi Sect would be able to break it.
Now the disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect, each one of them had a blue face and were screaming in agony!
This had all changed too quickly, originally they were still hunters in their own right, completely looking down on these pill masters!
But now, what about now, they were being chased by these pill masters!
In mid-air, the melee had already begun, and there were constantly disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect falling into the sea!
Seeing this, Elder Liu, on the other hand, was incredibly anxious and began to strike out towards Chen Ping over and over again, he had to take care of Chen Ping first before he could save the other disciples of the Heaven Beheading Dharma Sect!
The huge black palm slapped out again and again, shaking the void constantly trembling as a crack in the void appeared.
However, Chen Ping dodged away time and time again, and even if he did not, he would simultaneously swing out a palm to counteract Elder Liu’s power!
Seeing that there was no way to inflict damage on Chen Ping for a long time, Elder Liu gritted his teeth and actually took out a porcelain bottle and poured some very disgusting looking black liquid into his mouth!
“Die for me …………”
Elder Liu’s eyes were filled with viciousness as he fiercely headed towards Chen Ping, his speed was simply fast to the extreme!
Chen Ping only saw a black light coming, and immediately after that, he smelled a breath that made people dizzy and very nauseous!
Chen Ping instinctively wanted to dodge, but he realised that his movements had actually started to become sluggish!
Boom!
Chen Ping was struck by a palm and his body quickly flew backwards!
Elder Liu also quickly retracted his arm, his heart filled with horror!