-At the same time, on a mountain peak outside the Pure Yang Sect!
Yue Buqun was sitting in front of a strange looking stone!
One side of the stone seems to have been polished by hand, it is so smooth and bright that it looks like a mirror!
On the upper side of the stone were three big words carved: “Three Life Stones”.
Yue Buqun bit his finger and dropped a drop of red blood onto the stone, which soon glittered with a vivid red light!
While the stone was glowing red, Yue Buqun put a hair on the top!
He mumbled something under his breath!
Soon, the shadow of Chen Ping appeared on the stone!
This hair was Chen Ping’s, and this Three Life Stone could see a person’s past lives and present lives through Mousuke.
The ability demonstrated by Chen Ping made Yue Buqun very curious, so he wanted to know what kind of person Chen Ping really was.
Although Chen Ping was not an evil cultivator, his behaviour showed that he was an extraordinary person!
Yue Buqun struck the Three Living Stones with a breath of air, and Chen Ping’s figure kept flashing across the mirror of the stones!
But Chen Ping’s figure was very blurred and even intermittent!
When Yue Buqun saw this, he frowned slightly, as he could not see any information about Chen Ping!
After a few moments, Yue Buqun gritted his teeth and sprayed a mouthful of blood from the tip of his tongue onto the surface of the Three Living Stones!
The Three Living Stones suddenly shook, and the red light appeared, almost reflecting half of the sky!
“Three Life Stone, quickly project this person’s life ……”
Yue Buqun kept shouting under his breath!
The Three Living Stones began to tremble violently, even emitting a humming sound!
Boom …………
Suddenly, the stone exploded with a loud bang, a tremendous impact that even knocked Yue Buqun off his feet!
Fortunately, he was prepared and was not injured.
But the stone was destroyed!
Looking at the shattered Sangsheng Stone, Yue Buqun’s face was full of shock!
“How could this …… happen?”
Yue Buqun picked up a piece of the broken stone and was distraught!
“Could this be a heavenly opportunity? Could it be that this Chen Ping’s birth is a heavenly opportunity?”
“Heaven’s chance cannot be revealed ……”
The more Yue Buqun thought about it, the more ugly his face became, and in the end, his whole body trembled slightly!
“This Chen Ping, definitely not a mortal, definitely not ……”
Yue Buqun threw away the broken stones in his hand and his body pa*sed away in a flash ……
………………
The entrance of the Pure Yang Sect!
Tong Youcai was beaten by Chen Ping’s fist and was left half alive, he managed to crawl out of the ditch!
“How can you …… be so strong? It shouldn’t be, it shouldn’t be ……”
Tong Youzhu looked at Chen Ping, his face full of disbelief!
In front of so many people, he was the second son of the Tian Lei Sect, a strong Martial God, but he was beaten by Chen Ping, a Martial Saint, in such an awkward manner!
Tong Youcai knew that after this battle, he would become a laughing stock in the Hidden World!
“Young master, are you alright?”
Uncle Wang, who was beside Tong Youcai, came forward and asked with great concern!
The look of concern in Uncle Wang’s eyes made people think that Tong Youzhu was his son if they didn’t know!
“Uncle Wang, kill him, kill him! ……”
Tong Youcai shouted, he only had to let Chen Ping die to calm his anger!
“Good!”
That Uncle Wang did not have the slightest hesitation, nodded his head, and then looked at Chen Ping with a grim face!
“Kid, you hurt our young master in public, you deserve to die ……”
The first time I saw him, I was able to see him.
Chen Ping looked at Uncle Wang like that and sneered, “How come I don’t look like your young master, but more like your son? Even if I had hit my son, you wouldn’t be so angry, would you?”
Chen Ping only wanted to play a joke on Uncle Wang, but who knew that his words seemed to sting a certain nerve in him, causing him to become furious instantly!
“You want to die ……”
He was in front of Chen Ping’s face in an instant and grabbed him with one hand! -He then grabbed Chen Ping!