A hundred-year offering from the Demon Sealing Alliance, that was something that could change one’s fate!
Someone made a move on Chen Ping, and the others made their moves as well!
Although they also knew the danger, the temptation was just too great!
“Make your move ……”
Seeing this, the Thousand Faced Demon King’s eyes turned cold as he roared out!
In an instant, the scene directly entered a white-hot battle!
Hundreds of Ferrying Realm cultivators, followed by hundreds of demonic beasts tangled together.
Bai Shao glanced back and could see the worry within her!
After all, she was also a beast race, these could all be her kind, if it wasn’t for the fact that she was injured, she would have definitely stayed!
Everyone else also glanced back, after all, these beast clans were there to protect them!
“Don’t look, hurry up and get out of here ……”
Fire Phoenix urged!
The crowd hurriedly left and then quickly rushed back to Fan City!
As for the battle between the Thousand Faced Demon King and the rest of them following those cultivators, what the final outcome was, Chen Ping did not know, but this kindness, Chen Ping remembered in his heart!
Regardless of whether these beast clans were there to save themselves or the Fire Phoenix, the end result was that Chen Ping was saved!
If it wasn’t for the appearance of these beast clans, Chen Ping and the others would have been killed long ago, I’m afraid!
“Dad, what happened to you guys?”
Sheng Jiahui saw Sheng Bushi and the others who rushed back, all of them were pale, some of them were still covered in blood, she couldn’t help but worry!
“Jiahui, find all the herbs in our Sheng family and give them to Mr Chen.”
Sheng Bushi explained!
All of them were injured and had to be healed by Chen Ping’s refining of pills!
Sheng Jiahui nodded and hurriedly ordered people to prepare the herbs!
“Are you alright? Look at you bleeding so much ……”
After explaining everything, Sheng Jiahui then looked at Chen Ping and asked!
At this moment, Chen Ping’s body was covered in blood, just like a bloody man!
“I’m fine, these are other people’s blood, not mine!”
Chen Ping explained!
This was in that sacrificial blood formation and was stained with blood much blood, it looked as if Chen Ping was injured!
“I’ll go wash you ……”
Sheng Jiahui said and pulled Chen Ping into her boudoir!
Ever since following Chen Ping and piercing through that layer of windowpaper, Sheng Jiahui had already decided that she was Chen Ping’s person!
Only, she thought that it would be very difficult to see Chen Ping in this life, but she didn’t want to see Chen Ping again within a few days.
Chen Ping did not refuse, let Sheng Jiahui pull herself into the boudoir, and then removed her clothes!
Looking at Chen Ping’s plump body, Sheng Jiahui’s face reddened, but she still prepared hot water for Chen Ping and then gently wiped it off!
After Chen Ping’s body was washed of all the blood and dirt, and seeing that Chen Ping was truly unharmed, Sheng Jiahui was then relieved!
After Chen Ping had finished washing, he immediately prepared the Shen Nong Ding and began to make pills to heal the injuries of several people!
Chen Ping knew that he could not stay in Fancheng for long, if he stayed in Fancheng for a long time and was found out, it would only lead to the Sheng family’s downfall!
It must be said that this killing order from the Demon Sealing Alliance has indeed made Chen Ping very passive, like a street rat!
Using the Sheng family’s medicinal herbs, plus some of the immortal herbs stored in his own storage ring, in two whole days, Chen Ping had refined a dozen pills!
After giving them to the Fire Phoenix girls, the injuries of several people were significantly reduced!
However, Chen Ping was overworked and directly collapsed into sleep!
When Chen Ping opened his eyes, he didn’t know how long he had slept, but the first thing he did was to enquire about Fire Phoenix and their injuries!
Only when he learnt that a few people had almost recovered did Chen Ping let out a sigh of relief!
Putting on his clothes, Chen Ping followed Sheng Bushi to say goodbye and then left the Sheng Family without stopping!
Chen Ping did not follow Sheng Jiahui too much as he knew that the two might not have the chance to meet in the future, and should not allow Sheng Jiahui to have too many feelings for him!