The young man looked at Chen Ping with a strange look, and then asked Yue Buqun in disbelief, “Old Yue, at your age, it is not appropriate for you to call a young man in his twenties your brother, is it?”
“Is he the son of one of the clans?”
He said, “I don’t think it’s appropriate for him to be a brother of a young man in his twenties.
“Master Bao, I’m just a nobody from the martial arts world in Kyoto, not the son of any clan.”
Chen Ping explained with a faint smile.
Although he didn’t believe me, he didn’t ask any more questions, but said to Yue Buqun, “Old Yue, I have made ten more Yuan Enrichment Pills, you don’t know, but they are too difficult to make.
“It took me countless failures to make ten of these pills, but if it wasn’t for my relationship with you, I wouldn’t have cared.”
Pao Yuqun was complaining to Yue Buqun, telling him how difficult it was for him!
In the past, Yue Buqun had believed him and was grateful to him every time!
But now, when he saw how he was behaving, he suddenly felt very disgusted!
“Old Baw, we are not talking about the Yuan Enrichment Pill today. I brought Brother Chen here because he wanted to see the Regeneration Spring ……”
Yue Buqun said.
The first thing that I want to do is to bring him here to see the regeneration spring.
“I remember that you should have no more Yuan Enrichment Pills now, you can’t break it or your life will be in danger.”
Pao Yu-kun spoke to Yue Buqun.
In his heart, Yue Buqun wanted to scold Bao Yuqun, but for the sake of Chen Ping’s ability to borrow the Rejuvenation Spring, Yue Buqun put up with it for now.
“I still have two more Yuan Enrichment Pills in my hand, there’s no rush, let’s talk about the Regeneration Spring!”
Yue Buqun said with a faint smile.
“Old Yue, you also know that the Regeneration Spring in our Hidden Realm is a secret, how did he, a person from the Kyoto Martial Arts World, know about this secret?”
“And what are his intentions in looking at the Regeneration Spring?”
“As you know, the Spring of Regeneration is the property of all the three sects and six schools in the Hidden World, not mine alone, so I can’t just let outsiders see it without making it clear!”
I can’t just let outsiders look at it without making it clear!” Bao Yu Kun said with a cautious face.
“Of course I know this, the secret of this regeneration spring was told to Brother Chen by Pepsi.”
“Besides, Brother Chen is looking at this Spring of Regeneration because he wants to save his brother’s life!”
“I think we are both martial artists, so we can’t just ignore the dead!”
Yue Buqun said politely to Bao Yuqun.
“So that’s how it is!” But although the Regeneration Spring is the property of the Hidden Realm, it is now under the control of the Pill Refining Sect.
“Don’t worry, if the regeneration spring is as miraculous as the legend says, and can save my brother’s life, I will not treat you badly.”
“I will satisfy Patriarch Bao even if I have all the resources he wants.”
Chen Ping knew that this Bao Yu Kun wanted resources in exchange!
“Hahahaha, that hurts, I’ll take you to see the Regeneration Spring now!”
“As long as your friend still has a breath of air, throw him into the spring and soak him for seventy-seven to forty-nine days, he will come out alive!”
When he saw how generous Chen Ping’s words were, he said with great joy.
Chen Ping and Yue Buqun, led by Bao Yuqun, then headed towards the Spring of Rebirth.
This spring is located at the foot of the Kunlun Mountains!
The spring bubbles up from deep within the mountain range all year round, and many clans have fought over it.
Many people were killed and injured, but no one ever took possession of the spring.
Later, with the agreement of the three clans and the six sects, the Regeneration Spring was counted as a resource for the entire Hidden World, and each clan managed it for one year.
Chen Ping and the three of them travelled at a great speed, taking less than half an hour to reach the foot of the Kunlun Mountains! -Chen Ping