“Didn’t the three of you promise that the old master would be free of worry in ten days? It’s only been a few days and you’ve become like this?”
Ji Lian Jun shouted angrily at the three pharmacists!
“Big brother, father is in this state, you shouldn’t blame these three pharmacists, even if they can guarantee that father will be free of worry within ten days, but what about after ten days?”
“So I see, we’d better discuss how to organise father’s funeral first ……”
Ji Lianying was defending that was then pharmacists!
After all, these three pharmacists were all chosen by him.
Ji Lian Jun forced down the anger in his heart and coldly glanced at his younger brother, Ji Lian Ying, “Second brother, didn’t you say to invite Pill Honour? It’s been so many days, has the Pill Honour been invited?”
“Big brother, which is so good to invite Pill Esteem, you are not unaware that in our Celestial Realm, Pill Masters are very scarce, they are all fragrant buns.”
“Not to mention Pill Elders, do you think a Pill Elder can be invited just by saying so?”
Ji Lianying said indifferently!
Looking at Ji Lianying’s appearance, Ji Lian Jun’s heart became even more angry, he knew that Ji Lianying hadn’t gone to invite any Pill Esteem at all, but had instead gone to the Northern Region’s Giant Barbarian Palace!
However, right now, Ji Lian Jun couldn’t make a move against his own brother even though he was angry, besides, their father hadn’t broken yet!
If the two brothers turned against each other and fought in front of their father now, they were going to be laughed at by the world!
“Dad, how is Grandpa doing?”
At this time, Ji Cheng walked in with Ji Yun and the others!
When Ji Lian Jun saw that Ji Cheng had actually brought Ji Yun, he could not help but change his face slightly!
That Jilian Ying was also stunned when he saw Ji Yun and the few of them!
“Dad, this is the pharmacist I found for grandpa, let them give grandpa a look ……”
Ji Cheng hurriedly spoke!
Hearing Ji Cheng say this, Ji Lian Jun immediately understood, so he said with a cold face “Where did you find this pharmacist from? Can you look after your grandfather’s illness?”
“Don’t worry, these pharmacists all came from other continents and are very powerful.”
Ji Cheng hurriedly said!
After saying that, Ji Cheng then looked towards Ji Yun and Chen Ping as well as them and said “Please have a few of you diagnose my grandfather ……”
Chen Ping nodded and took a step forward, while Ji Yun followed behind Chen Ping, looking at his grandfather who was as thin as a bone, Ji Yun had a hard time inside, but he couldn’t show it!
Ji Lianjun got up and gave his place to Chen Ping, but just as Chen Ping was about to give the old master a medical treatment, Ji Lianying spoke with a disdainful cold snort “Ji Cheng, do you think that your grandpa is dying slowly? You dare to call yourself a pharmacist after inviting such a few guys who haven’t even grown all their hair?”
“I’ve seen these three guys before, they all came from the Northern Domain, and they secretly inquired about our Ji Family, so I guess they just want to come over to cheat money.”
After Ji Lianying’s words were finished, Ji Yue behind him also immediately followed and spoke “Now even the people in the Northern Region know that Big Brother’s brain is not working? Several times the people brought in saying they were from my Ji family turned out to be frauds.”
“This time they even led a pharmacist into the house, they said they were pharmacists, so you believe them? Look at which one of them looks like a pharmacist?”
“Ji Yue, have you eaten sh*t? Do you have no education, is big brother something you can talk about?” Ji Meiyan pointed at Ji Yue’s nose and scolded!
She knew that Ji Cheng was loyal and honest and didn’t know how to curse, so every time this Ji Yue spoke in a snarky manner, Ji Cheng wouldn’t fight back!
The fact that Ji Cheng wouldn’t fight back didn’t mean that Ji Meiyan wouldn’t!
Of the three of them, Ji Meiyan’s temperament was more rigid, and she wasn’t one to be messed with!
“Who are you saying has a mouth that eats sh*t? Have the ability to say it again ……” Ji Yue was directly anxious!
“I just said it, what can you do?” Ji Meiyan said with a cold smile!
“Ji Meiyan, you’re just a lair, if you have the ability to go out and compete with me, I’ll beat the sh*t out of you.”
Seeing her brother get defeated, Ji Mei Zhen also opened her mouth!