The Dragon Family!
At this moment, a headless corpse was laid out in the hall of the Long Family, and this corpse was Long Xiao’s.
Long Jingguo looked at his son’s corpse and couldn’t believe it for a long time!
“No …… it can’t be, this definitely can’t be my son, my son is a Grand Martial Marquis, no one can kill him ……”
Long Jingguo shook his head desperately, because without his head, Long Jingguo didn’t want to believe it!
Because of this, he could always think that his son was still alive!
“Master, this is indeed the young master’s corpse, that Chen Ping has also broken through to Great Martial Marquis, that’s why the young master …………”
Long Xingxu said in a small voice, as he stepped aside.
“Shut up, shut up for me ……”
“My son won’t die, Xiao’er won’t die, he’ll be back soon ……”
Long Jingguo shouted, he didn’t want to admit that it was true.
Long Xingxu retreated to the side, his face standardless, and he stopped speaking.
After a long while, Long Jingguo seemed to accept the reality and howled.
“Xiao’er, my son, how did you die, how did you die ……”
Long Jingguo flung himself on Long Xiao’s corpse and kept crying.
“It’s all because of that Chen Ping, I will definitely avenge you, avenge you ……”
Long Jingguo wiped a handful of tears from his eyes, and there was a few more ruthlessness in his eyes.
He got up straight away and headed towards the Long Family’s dungeon!
Long Jingguo arrived at the dungeon, his face full of anger!
At this moment, when Long Ruotong saw Long Jingguo coming, she directly stood up.
For so many years, she had already gotten used to the fact that every time Long Jingguo came, he would whip her!
Sure enough, Long Jingguo directly took off the whip and whipped Long Ruitong fiercely.
He wanted to take out all his anger on this Long Ruotong!
Soon, Long Jingguo was tired of the beating and was panting heavily!
“Your son has killed my son, this revenge, I will definitely take revenge, I will make you watch your own son die with your own eyes ……”
Long Jingguo said viciously to Long Ruotong!
Hearing the mention of his own son, the expression on Long Ruotong’s face only then slightly changed for a moment!
But it quickly flickered away, after so many years, Long Ruotong didn’t want Long Jingguo to catch the slightest hint of weakness in herself!
Long Ruotong knew that the more she acted like she cared about her son, the more dangerous her son would be!
Seeing no change in Long Ruotong’s expression, Long Jingguo huffed and puffed and walked out of the dungeon!
“Master, someone has informed us that that Chen Ping is on his way to the Long Family, he is a great martial marquis, how are we going to deal with him?”
Long Xingxu hurriedly asked.
A Grand Martial Marquis could completely wipe out the entire Long Family.
Long Jingguo fell into deep thought, he didn’t know what to do either, one Great Martial Marquis, what could the Long Family do against it?
Although he said that he wanted to avenge his son, but where did he have that strength.
After a moment of contemplation, a cold aura flashed in Long Jingguo’s eyes and he gritted his teeth to death!
“Xingxu, go and gather everyone in the Long family and prepare to defend against foreign enemies ……”
Long Jingguo ordered to Long Xingxu.
After sending Long Xingxu away, Long Jingguo then walked into the study in silence!
Soon, Long Jingguo walked out with a letter and then opened a secret room in the backyard of the Long Family, and in the middle of the room, four people were resting, these four people were the strongest people in the Long Family, all of them were at the late Martial Marquis realm.
But few people knew of the existence of these four men, they were Long Jingguo’s bottom card, and would not be exposed easily!
But this time, Long Jingguo had to use them, even if these four men stepped up, Long Jingguo knew that they would not be a match for Chen Ping, Long Jingguo had other plans for them.
“You four, take my letter and go and escort someone over to the Purple Sky House ……”
Long Jingguo said to the four men.
“Master, escorting what person?”
One of them asked.