Chen Ping knew that this Elder Fei was helping himself for no other reason than he wanted to save his own life!
“Many thanks, many thanks ……”
Elder Fei took the antidote and swallowed it, then turned to leave!
He had to find a hidden place, and in the future, he would probably rarely move around in the world, after all, if he betrayed the Demon Sealing Alliance, he might have to be killed one day!
After all, the Demon Sealing Alliance had its own rudder in the entire Celestial Realm, its power was immense!
“Ghost old man, congratulations, you even passed the demonic calamity cloud, your strength is beyond my reach!”
Luo Shouhai walked up to Ghost Old Man and said enviously!
“Old Luo, this is thanks to Mr Chen and your help, if it wasn’t for you guys, I’m afraid that I would have gone up in smoke by now.”
“Anyway, I am also alone, as long as you Blood Spirit Valley has something in this Heavenly Demon Mountain, despite greeting me, I am absolutely obliged!”
The Demon Mountain Ghost Elder knew that he was able to break through thanks to Chen Ping following Luo Shouhai!
If it wasn’t for Chen Ping’s help, he wouldn’t have been able to resist the demonic apocalypse cloud, and if it wasn’t for Luo Shouhai and these people stopping these fellows from the Demon Sealing Alliance, then it wouldn’t have been possible for him to cross the apocalypse smoothly!
When Luo Shouhai heard the words of the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, he was also happy in his heart, the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man in the Heavenly Demon Mountain did not look at the realm is not high, but has a few points of prestige, and now that the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man’s strength has increased quite a lot, then surely the prestige is even more prevalent!
At that time, with the help of the Demon Mountain Ghost Old Man, their Blood Spirit Valley would be able to gain a firm foothold in the Heavenly Demon Mountain and wouldn’t be bullied by others!
“Valley Master Luo, you’re injured now, you’re not fit to rush, I think it’s better to rest here at Ghost Elder’s place for a while.”
“I will also recover for a while, then I will refine some pills to heal Valley Master Luo.”
Chen Ping said to Luo Shouhai!
After hearing this, Luo Shouhai nodded, then looked towards the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder and said, “Then I’ll bother Ghost Elder more ……”
“Hahaha, what are you talking about Lao Luo, it’s not disturbing at all, I’m still lonely on my own, with you guys around, it’s just the right time to liven things up!”
Devil Mountain Ghost Old Man laughed loudly!
The crowd rested temporarily here at the Demon Mountain Ghost Elder, Chen Ping also took this opportunity to start slowly recovering his physical strength!
While recovering his strength, Chen Ping also felt the power of the spatial arts!
That Elder Chu would not have been able to escape if he did not know spatial arts!
Chen Ping only felt that he was a bit headstrong, as the more experts he saw, the more he felt overwhelmed!
Spatial arts, time arts, and the Breath Mimicking Grand Technique and Fire Harnessing Steps that he had just obtained!
Chen Ping had to feel his way across the river, if there was someone to guide him at this time, he might be able to quickly comprehend, but unfortunately, there was no one around Chen Ping who understood these either, so he could only rely on Chen Ping to comprehend on his own!
Just as Chen Ping was resting to regain his strength, the Divine Demon Battlefield slowly closed!
A large number of cultivators were sent out of the Divine Demon Battlefield!
Qi Peijia, who originally wanted to leave early, stayed in the Divine Demon Battlefield for a few more days because he had met Ning Zhi and Ning Caixin!
“Sir Qi, where is my disciple?Was he really killed by that Chen Ping?”
Seeing Qi Peijia who had come out, Cheng Jinghui rushed forward and asked!
Cheng Jinghui was still holding on to the hope that Chen Ping was lying to him and that his disciple was not dead!
Seeing Cheng Jinghui, Qi Peijia pretended to be a little sad and said, “Patriarch Cheng, your disciple was indeed killed by that Chen Ping, that Chen Ping took advantage of my absence to assassinate your disciple ……”
Cheng Jinghui only felt his head booming, this time his hopes were considered really dashed!
“Chen Ping, I will break you into pieces ……”
Cheng Jinghui roared angrily and turned around to leave!
Seeing Cheng Jinghui’s angry appearance, Qi Peijia smiled with a slight lift of the corners of his mouth!
“Where are our disciples?Where are our disciples?”
When the people from the five great clans didn’t see the five sons of Renjie come out, they panicked a bit and yelled!