Let the ghost face open its mouth and keep sucking hard, but the Red Cloud Demon Monarch didn’t move at all!
Even if there was a wisp of residual soul left, it was not something that a Mahayana Realm cultivator like Wei Tianya could shake.
“How is it possible? You’re just a remnant soul, this ghost face of mine has absorbed countless demon souls and has never failed.”
“How could that be?”
Wei Tianya was a bit confused when he saw this!
“That’s because you didn’t run into me, I would have failed long ago.”
“The whole such a broken ghost face, but also flaunted, so damn shameful!”
“I bah ……”
Red Cloud Demon Monarch directly spat!
But is spit this mouthful, Wei Tianya’s ghost face like a lightning strike, instantly become crushed, mountain-like ghost face, just like this disappeared!
Wei Tianya was dumbfounded!
As the others watched this scene, they were also filled with shock, they did not understand what kind of existence this demonic soul hidden in Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness was!
There was only a wisp of residual soul left, but it was still so powerful, this was too outrageous!
“I understand, I understand ……”
The old Sect Master understood at this moment why Chen Ping was not afraid of the Demon Soul of the Ghost Face Sect and dared to allow the Demon Soul to enter his Sea of Consciousness!
It turned out that Chen Ping had already had such an awesome presence of a demonic soul in his sea of consciousness, and other demonic souls were entering, wasn’t that looking for death?
“What in the world are you …… you? With such strength, how come there is only a wisp of residual soul left? And it’s still in this kid’s sea of consciousness?”
Wei Tianya asked in shock!
Remaining a wisp of residual soul, the strength was able to be so, one could imagine how terrifying the Red Cloud Demon Monarch’s strength should have been in its prime!
But it was this kind of terrifying strength that was also killed, destroying his physical body and leaving only a wisp of residual soul!
“I’m your ancestor, you should worship me three times and call out to your old ancestor when you see me!”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said with a smile!
To be precise, the Red Cloud Demon Monarch wasn’t wrong, being a member of the same demon race, one was definitely able to have a connection!
Therefore, it was considered correct for the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to say that he was Wei Tianya’s ancestor!
Wei Tianya’s eyes stared slightly, he thought that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was scolding himself, deliberately humiliating himself!
“Hmph, since you’re so arrogant, don’t blame me for not being polite ……”
Saying that, Wei Tianya’s silhouette solidified some more, and the black mist around his body began to fill the air!
“F*ck, I’m lifting you up by saying it’s your ancestor, but you kid still doesn’t f*cking know how to lift you up.”
“Then I will teach you this unfilial grandson a lesson ……”
After the Red Cloud Demon Lord finished speaking, he slapped his hand!
The black mist that Wei Tianya had managed to diffuse with great difficulty instantly dissipated, and his entire person was also slapped solidly!
In front of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, Wei Tianya found that he unexpectedly didn’t even have the slightest bit of room to resist!
Moreover, he could feel that the Red Cloud Demon Monarch was just teasing himself and didn’t use his full strength, or else with the slap just now, his own projected shadow would have long since collapsed!
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch arrived in front of Wei Tianya, then grabbed Wei Tianya and gave him another big slap!
Everyone looked on in disbelief!
That Wei Tianya was a third grade cultivator of the Mahayana realm, even though it was only a shadow projected over, not a solid entity!
But his strength was not to be underestimated, and now he was actually being smacked by a Demon Soul!
Moreover, it seemed that Wei Tianya didn’t have the slightest power to fight back!
This smack of the mouth directly confused Wei Tianya, while his eyes were filled with panic!
This was because he detected an aura that didn’t belong to the Celestial Realm from the extremely weak aura of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch!
“Are you …… you a demonic soul from the Celestial Realm?”
Wei Tianya asked with a trembling body!
“You brat still has some vision, the old man is a devil ruler of the Heavenly Realm, the remnant soul accidentally came to the Celestial Realm only.”
“Even if the old me only has a wisp of residual soul left, it’s still not something that a mole like you can say anything about.”
The Red Cloud Demon Monarch said coldly!
“Celestial Realm? Demon Monarch?”
Wei Tianya’s eyes widened round and he pissed himself in fear!