Chen Ping walked not far and found a hint of green amongst the white bones, Chen Ping knew that this green colour must be a treasure!
It should be an item that a certain Immortal or Demon Immortal carried with them when they fell!
But just as Chen Ping was about to bend down and pick up the flash of green, a sudden gust of wind hit him!
“Kid, find something good and hand it over to me right away, otherwise don’t blame me for being rude to you!”
A round-faced demonic cultivator, holding a weapon like a boning knife, shouted sternly at Chen Ping!
This demonic cultivator was at the third rank of the Transition Realm, and seeing that Chen Ping had only just stepped into the Transition Realm, this demonic cultivator then had a confident look on his face and told Chen Ping to hand over his treasures!
Chen Ping just glanced at the demonic cultivator and simply ignored him, a third grade demonic cultivator of the Transition Realm, also dared to follow his own shouting, simply looking for death!
Chen Ping picked up the splash of green and found that it was a ring with a translucent green body, Chen Ping probed it with his divine sense and found that it was a storage ring with a large storage space, it was worthy of being a treasure from the Divine and Demonic Battlefield!
But just as Chen Ping was about to put the thing away, the demonic cultivator was in a hurry, the weapon in his hand swung towards Chen Ping and said, “Kid, can’t you f*cking hear me, I’m asking you to give the thing to me ……”
Chen Ping looked at that devil cultivator attacking towards himself, the corner of his mouth hooked up with a touch of disdain, then he put the ring away, followed by an extra long whip in his hand, instantly flung it towards that devil cultivator!
This was the whip of the devil, as this whip went down, the devil cultivator immediately felt his sea of consciousness tighten, and his entire being went into a trance!
This Demon Drawing Whip attacked the demonic cultivator’s divine sense, so it made the demonic cultivator unable to defend himself!
The reason why Chen Ping did not use the Demon Drawing Whip in the Heavenly Demon Mountain was because it was specifically designed to restrain demonic cultivators, and if it was exposed, it was believed that many demonic cultivators within the Heavenly Demon Mountain would be eyeing Chen Ping!
As this whip went down, the demon cultivator’s face changed drastically and he kept backing away in a trance, his eyes filled with horror as he said, “What is this thing of yours? How can it be so powerful?”
The demonic cultivator was at the third rank of the Transition Realm strength, but now he was being whipped by Chen Ping with a whip without any power.
“This is the Devil Drawing Whip, ready to teach you unscrupulous devil cultivators a lesson!”
As Chen Ping finished speaking, the whip in his hand lashed down once again!
The devil cultivator’s face sank, and he violently burst out, extending his claws and grabbing towards that devil-drawing whip!
Under this grasp, countless gloomy bone claws instantly appeared in the void, and these bone claws grasped the whip of the devil whip to death.
“Hahaha, I care whether you draw the devil whip or the God whip, in front of me is rubbish ……”
That demonic cultivator grabbed Chen Ping’s Demon Drawing Whip and burst out laughing!
Chen Ping couldn’t help but laugh as well as he looked at that demonic cultivator’s arrogant appearance!
Immediately after that, the Fire Origin within Chen Ping’s body instantly erupted, and a strand of Supreme Flame followed the Demon Drawing Whip to directly ignite that Demon Cultivator’s bone claws!
Countless bone claws were all burnt to powder by the supreme fire!
“Supreme Flame?”
The demonic cultivator was shocked, his body desperately retreated backwards, but his body had already been stained with flames?
“Ah …………”
The demonic cultivator screamed miserably and desperately rolled on the ground!
Looking at the rolling demonic cultivator, Chen Ping just stared coldly and watched as the demonic cultivator was burnt to ashes by the Supreme Fire!
This kind of demonic cultivator who took advantage of the fire deserved what he got!
A mere third grade of the Transition Realm dares to hit Chen Ping, simply looking for death ……
Chen Ping watched the demonic cultivator turn into ashes and could not help but burst into a cold laugh!
After killing this demonic cultivator, Chen Ping continued to travel forwards, however, Chen Ping’s speed was very slow and his divine sense was expanded to the maximum as much as possible!
The reason why Chen Ping was travelling very slowly was because he was afraid that if Luo Xi was in danger, he could be the first to rush over!
Since Luo Shouhai had left his daughter in his care, Chen Ping couldn’t just sit back and do nothing!