“Mr Chen, what’s wrong with you? Are you afraid that Sun Moon City will come after you?”
Seeing that expression on Chen Ping’s face, Xiao Yuanshan asked in a low voice!
“Oh, nothing, I’m not afraid of Sun Moon City, and I’m planning to make a trip to Sun Moon City!”
Chen Ping said after returning to his senses!
“Sir Chen, that Sun Moon City is not something you can just go to, moreover you injured the Grand Prince of Sun Moon City, if you go to Sun Moon City again, you will definitely be retaliated against.”
Xuan Bin said!
“No harm, perhaps it is just a misunderstanding, I will just deal with it casually and get over it!”
Chen Ping said with a faint smile!
Although he had injured that Lin Ke Dong, he was not guilty enough to die, it was unlikely that he would be killed after arriving at Sun Moon City!
At most, he would be taught a lesson or be yelled at by that Lin Ke Ting!
Seeing that Chen Ping was full of concern, Xuan Bin also stopped talking about the matter of Sun Moon City and instead asked Chen Ping, “Sir Chen, can it be true that this entire Xiao Dynasty has had its Qi luck added to it?”
Chen Ping nodded, “Yes!”
“Who added it?”Xuan Bin asked!
“It’s just one of the elders in the family, why are you asking about this?”
Chen Ping did not understand what this Xuan Bin was asking for!
Xuan Bin looked at Chen Ping’s relaxed appearance and let out a bitter smile, “No wonder that even Prince Chen is not the least bit afraid of that Sun and Moon City, with such an elder behind him, there is no need to be afraid of the entire Celestial Realm!”
“It’s just adding a few thousand years of qi to the Xiao Dynasty, there’s nothing to make a fuss about.”Chen Ping had a calm expression on his face, “If Mr Shi is not happy, he would be able to cause the destruction of this star realm in minutes!”
Hearing Chen Ping’s words, Xuan Bin fell silent, he really did not dare to imagine how terrifying the backer behind Chen Ping was!
Destroy the star field?
One had to know that the Celestial Realm was only a party of worlds, whereas in the entire starfield, there existed an unknown number of worlds!
Destroying a star realm in minutes?
Then they, the Celestial Realm cultivators, couldn’t even be considered ants in front of others!
“Don’t worry, I won’t kill you if you don’t offend me, you guys didn’t offend me, I won’t just kill you guys either!”
Seeing that he had scared that Xuan Bin, Chen Ping opened his mouth and said!
In fact, Chen Ping himself was just bragging, whether or not Mr Shi could destroy the star domain in minutes, he didn’t even know!
Even more so, he didn’t know what Mr Shi’s strength was, but he had always treated Mr Shi as an elder and had always thought that Mr Shi was omnipotent!
“Kid, you’re not bragging, there’s no need to feel pressure in your heart, the ability to destroy star domains, old man also has it.”
“A starfield like that kind of low level universe that can be easily destroyed, it’s not that difficult!”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord said to Chen Ping!
“You’re not bragging?”Chen Ping looked at the Red Cloud Demon Monarch incredulously!
“What are you bragging about, many of the worlds in the lower level cosmic star realms are far worse than this Celestial Realm.”
“Like that kind of star realm, I can also destroy it, the old man once blew up a star realm with one punch as well.”
“Battle records can be checked, never bragging ……”
The Red Cloud Demon Lord’s eyes were glowing as he spoke of his former glory!
“Good men don’t talk about their former bravery, shut up ……”
Chen Ping told the Red Cloud Demon Monarch to shut up, then looked at Xuan Bin and asked, “You guys came to the Xiao Dynasty, you didn’t just come to meet me, right? Did you also come for the Ten Temples’ Execution Order?”
Xuan Bin nodded, “That’s right, the 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones are indeed very tempting, but we know ourselves, that 100,000 Immortal Spirit Stones aren’t something we can get our hands on.”
“Even if we were truly able to kill Lord Chen, it’s unlikely that the Ten Temples would be able to come up with one hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones for us.”
“Even if the Ten Temples gave us one hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones, with the three of us brothers, we wouldn’t be able to keep it at all, and that one hundred thousand Immortal Spirit Stones would be our death charm.”
“Then you guys still came?”Chen Ping asked in disbelief.