“You’re actually still capable of fighting back?”
Song Qingping looked at Chen Ping with some surprise.
But just then, a painful wail rang out from behind Song Qingping!
When Song Qingping turned to look, he found that several of his cronies had already been injured by the sword qi at this moment, and the heaviest one had already had his body severed by Chen Ping’s sharp sword qi!
They had chosen to betray the Demon Spirit Sect and follow Song Qingping, but they didn’t want to end up like this!
Song Qingping himself had not expected that Chen Ping’s sword would injure the cronies behind him!
If he had known that, he would not have dodged and stopped that sword qi just now.
But now it was too late, as several of his carefully trained cronies were about to die tragically under Chen Ping’s sword at this moment!
He had no idea how many of them were sincere in their obedience, knowing that they would be Song Qingping’s pawns to take control of the Demon Spirit Sect.
Song Qingping slowly turned his head and looked at Chen Ping with cold eyes!
Chen Ping, on the other hand, smiled faintly as a golden glow emanated from his body, illuminating the entire Demon Spirit Sect!
The power of the Laws was certainly strong, it was just a pity that the secret realm of this Demon Spirit Sect was too small, so even if Song Qingping had mobilised the power of the Laws, Chen Ping was still able to resist it by relying on his strong physical body.
One had to know that Chen Ping had walked into the chaotic space and that kind of power amidst the turbulence had been carried off by Chen Ping!
“No need to look at me like that, you’ll be just like them in no time.”
Chen Ping said indifferently.
“Chen Ping, I really underestimated you, I didn’t expect you to be able to resist even this power of law.”
“Looks like I’m going to get real with you today.”
Song Qingping’s face was full of fierceness, and an icy killing intent radiated from his pair of eyes!
This fellow had a murderous intent towards Chen Ping!
Because he felt a threat, a threat of death, from Chen Ping’s body!
“Did you just joke about that?” The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted, “Sorry, I was just warming up as well, except that a few of your lackeys are really indisputable.”
“You ……”
Song Qingping almost didn’t die of anger, knowing that these cronies of his were all high ranking members of the Demon Spirit Sect, and could all be Great Martial Marquis in strength.
To be injured by Chen Ping’s sword was also because it was simply not expected that Chen Ping’s sword qi would suddenly head towards them!
After all, Chen Ping was suppressed by the power of the Laws, so who would have thought that he would still have the ability to fight back?
And who would have thought that Song Qingping would dodge when that sword was heading towards him?
All these coincidences caused several of Song Qingping’s cronies to be directly injured by Chen Ping’s sword energy!
“Chen Ping, in this secret realm, under the power of this law, I am the master here, I will let you know the price of arrogance.”
As Song Qingping finished speaking, his body disappeared in a flash, his speed as fast as it could be!
Chen Ping’s brow furrowed, for at this moment, even his eyes could not accurately capture that Song Qingping’s figure!
Song Qingping’s speed was too fast, so fast that Chen Ping’s eyes and brain could not keep up!
Seeing this, Chen Ping could only close his eyes, and his divine sense instantly radiated out.
Soon, Chen Ping found that Song Qingping had reached his side, and immediately afterwards, he smashed his fist out towards Song Qingping!
The golden fist emitted light, and the entire void trembled under this punch!
Unfortunately, the punch was still too slow, the fist directly brushed against Song Qingping’s body, while Song Qingping twisted his body and punched Chen Ping heavily on his left waist.
Boom!
Chen Ping was hit by a punch and his body couldn’t help but take a few steps backwards!
And that Song Qingping stood his body still and looked at Chen Ping with a cold smile!