Chen Ping smiled awkwardly after hearing this, as the Divine Ripple Ancestor of the Two Yi Sect, it should be easy to push someone to be the Sect Leader, and he was even worrying blindly about it!
After following the white chicory for half a day, Chen Ping was becoming more and more impressed with this senior brother!
A person who came in the form of a mouse actually knew a lot, and even some of the truths of the Great Dao are simple to understand!
It doesn’t even look like a mouse has become!
It was more like a person who had attained immortality!
After chatting, White Chicory left, while the Red Cloud Demon Monarch spoke, “To be able to teach a little mouse to such a level, it seems that this so-called master of yours really has some skills!”
“This guy I’m sure has connections following the Heavenly Realm, either his master is someone from the Heavenly Realm, or he came from the Heavenly Realm and is trapped in the Celestial Man Realm.”
“With the cultivation and insights of these people from the Celestial Realm, it is simply impossible for them to know this, and it is also impossible for the realm of thought to reach this level.”
Chen Ping, after hearing the words of the Red Cloud Demon Monarch, was also very interested in that Divine Pattern Old Ancestor now, but it was a pity that he didn’t have much contact with the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor after him!
It had always been this Senior Brother Bai who had been in contact with him!
Moreover, now that the Two Yi Sect had something from the Heavenly Realm like the Blood Jade, it was even more evidence that the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor was someone from the Heavenly Realm!
Chen Ping didn’t rest too much and continued to start carving the Divine Patterns, only after truly learning the Divine Patterns and condensing them could he leave this place!
As for the pairs of crimson eyes, they were still appearing, only Chen Ping was not paying attention to them!
Chen Ping’s mind was fully focused on carving the formation pattern, the divine pattern light constantly appearing in his mind, imagining himself and the divine pattern becoming one!
As Chen Ping continued to carve, Chen Ping already did not need to look at the yellow cloth at all, and the divine pattern could be made at his fingertips!
And at this time on a hilltop, the dark night sky did not have a single star in it!
The Divine Pattern Old Ancestor looked in the direction of the thatched cottage, and a pair of crimson eyes reappeared.
White Chicory stood beside the Divine Pattern Old Ancestor and said with some curiosity, ”Senior, do you think that this Senior Brother will really be able to condense Divine Patterns? At that time, if he really condenses into a divine pattern and leaves that thatched hut, I’m afraid that he won’t be able to deal with these people from the Formation Demon.”
“You don’t have to worry about that, if he can’t deal with these people from the Formation Demon, even if he condenses the Divine Ripple, it’s useless, useless people are only worthy of being bait.”The Divine Ripple Ancestor said indifferently!
“Senior, you said that Senior Brother’s natural talent is even stronger than yours, could it be that he could possibly activate the Heaven and Earth Grand Formation and help Senior return to the Heavenly Realm?”
Bai Chicory continued to ask!
The Divine Ripple Ancestor coldly glanced at Bai Chicory before saying expressionlessly, “I know what you mean, you also want to ascend to the Heavenly Realm and become an Immortal and a Buddha.”
“However, you must remember that what you need to ascend to Immortality is after you have cultivated yourself diligently and suffered the test of the Heavenly Landmine Scourge.”
“If you want to go through speculation and rely on people’s help, even if you ascend to the Heavenly Realm, your foundation will be unstable and it will be difficult to gain a foothold.”
“The Heavenly Realm doesn’t want to be as good as you think, and even the Heavenly Realm is even more cruel than here.”
“Ascending to Immortality is the ultimate goal for all cultivators, but when you truly reach the Heavenly Realm, becoming an Immortal is only just the first step.”
“How many people have gone through hundreds, thousands of years of cultivation, and after ascending into Immortality, they quickly fall.”
“Countless Immortals die every day in the Celestial Realm, and how many Immortals, devils and demons die during the God-Devil War.”
“I don’t know how many people from the Heavenly Realm have been trapped in this Heavenly Human Realm, but there are definitely not a few.”
“Some will return with a borrowed body, some will survive with a residual soul, and some will have their strength declining in favour of a corner.”
“Within that Chen Ping’s sea of consciousness, there is a Heavenly Realm Demon Soul that exists, I merely don’t know what the identity of this Demon Soul is.