Zhao Wuji looked at Chang Aidun that way, opened his mouth but said nothing, and finally could only sigh.
“Mr. Chen, let’s go out ……” Chang Yuan Jun had already used a commanding tone, and Zhao Wuji had no choice.
Chen Ping nodded, “Let’s go, it won’t take ten minutes before we are invited back!”
As soon as Chen Ping’s words landed, that Zou Zhaolong burst out laughing!
“Chen Ping, you think the leader will invite you back? Who are you? With Master Yuan here, what business is it of yours? You’re too pretentious. ……”
Zou Zhaolong laughed out loud, and that Yuan Baozhong also raised the corners of his mouth, “I have never seen such an arrogant person, it is better for young people to keep a low profile!”
At this time, Chang Yuanjun also had an ugly face, what was his status? How could he possibly invite a little hairy kid like Chen Ping who hadn’t even grown up?
“Mr. Chen, stop it ……”
Zhao Wuji’s heart shook slightly, he was afraid that Chen Ping had angered Chang Wanjun with this.
“Zhao Wuji, today this matter, I count you as an unintentional mistake, in the future, if you dare to bring everything to me again, be careful I am not polite with you ……”
Chang Yuanjun grimaced and growled in a low voice!
“Understood, understood ……”
How could Zhao Wuji dare to say anything, he could only nod his head repeatedly, before pulling Chen Ping and heading out!
Walking out of the bedroom, Chen Ping sat directly on the sofa in the hall , Zhao Wuji was slightly stunned and hurriedly asked, “Mr. Chen, it looks like the leader doesn’t trust you, we’d better leave first so that the leader doesn’t come out and see!”
Just now Chang Wanjun meant for Zhao Wuji to take Chen Ping away, not for them to sit inside the hall, now Chen Ping was sitting in the hall and wouldn’t leave, if this was seen by Chang Wanjun, Zhao Wuji wouldn’t be able to explain!
“If we leave, his son will surely die, if I said ten minutes, someone will invite us in, they will, there is no need for Pavilion Master Zhao to panic, just sit down!”
Chen Ping said, surprisingly, he poured himself a cup of tea, and also poured one for Zhao Wuji!
Zhao Wouji saw that Chen Ping was so confident, and after thinking about Chen Ping’s status as a cultivator, he finally clenched his teeth and sat down, giving up his life to accompany the gentleman!
While Chen Ping followed Zhao Wuji outside in the hall to drink tea, Chang Yuan Jun inside the room looked at Yuan Baozhong with a pleading face and said, “Master Yuan, my son’s life is in your hands, if Master Yuan can save my son, I will definitely have heavy thanks, and will also hold a magic convention for Master Yuan in Kyoto, so that Master Yuan’s fame can spread in Kyoto! ……”
The more Chang Yuanjun was like this, the greater the danger he was in. If Chang Yuanjun’s son was saved, then all would be happy, but if he couldn’t be saved in this case, I’m afraid neither he nor Zou Zhaolong would be able to leave!
“Don’t worry, Chang leader, I will do my best, I am still sure of the poison of the Miao Village poisonous insects in the district ……”
Yuan Baozhong still had certainty in his heart, he had healed people who had been bitten by poisonous insects!
“Then, please ask Master Yuan to do it!”
Chang Yuanjun’s heart burst with excitement!
No matter how high his status or official position was, Chang Yanjun now had only one status, that of a father, and he only wanted his son to get better!
Yuan Baozhong nodded and went back to the bed before pulling out the cloth bag containing the silver needles once again!
After picking a silver needle from it, he gently stabbed it on Chang Yuan’s finger, only to see the silver shining silver needle, but it turned a dark colour in a speed visible to the naked eye!
“It’s taken a bit too long, so the venom has invaded the heart, it seems that we can only do it from the inside out ……”
Yuan Baozhong said, taking out a silver needle that was more than ten centimeters long, the largest one in the bag.