Chen Ping carried an aura that looked out of the world, and in this moment, Chen Ping’s slim figure became incomparably taller in Ji Ruxue’s and their eyes!
That arrogant, unconstrained, overbearing stance gave people a sense of intimidation, making them fear and even worship!
In the midst of the shocked gazes of the crowd, Chen Ping’s hands flashed out with the Chopping Dragon Sword, the sword’s body shining with a greyish glow.
As soon as the Dragon Chopper Sword emerged, the domineering power from Chen Ping’s body grew even stronger by a few degrees!
One could only see the sword light of the Dragon Chopping Sword streaking out and emitting a buzzing sound.
“Give me death ……”
Chen Ping shouted softly and followed up by swinging his sword and cutting out.
The sword qi rose up to the sky with such force!
Instantly chopping the shocking waves in front of him into pieces, the sword qi instantly reached Zhou Tianyin.
Zhou Tianyin’s eyes were wide open and his entire mouth could have been stuffed into an egg.
“This …… is a spirit sword?”
Zhou Tianyin uttered in horror, his heart dead and cold all over his body!
As soon as the Dragon Cutting Sword came out of Chen Ping’s hand, Zhou Tianyin knew that he was finished.
The grey glow on the sword’s body gave him an intimidating feeling!
Zhou Tianyin was afraid, he wanted to beg for mercy ……
But unfortunately, the sword qi arrived in an instant, not giving him a chance to speak at all!
Poof ……
Blood splattered, only to see the sword qi slash across Zhou Tianyin’s neck, followed by Zhou Tianyin’s human head instantly just flying up.
The body fell to the ground with a poof!
The human head rolled down to the front of those Zhou Family underlings.
All the Zhou Family underlings looked on incredulously.
One move, really one move!
One move to chop off Zhou Tianyin’s head!
Everyone in the Zhou family was dumbfounded!
In their hearts, the family head who had always been obsessed with martial arts and was so strong!
At this moment, his head had been chopped off in an instant!
This kind of spiritual shock caused many of the Zhou Family’s subordinates to be directly stunned!
Soon, these men of the Zhou family knelt down and begged for mercy!
Chen Ping put away the Dragon Chopping Sword and did not kill these Zhou Family subordinates.
Grateful, these people gathered up Zhou Tianyin’s corpse and fled in an instant!
It was only after the Zhou Family people left that Ji Ru Xue and the girls came back to their senses for a good half a day.
“Brother Chen Ping, you …… are so awesome, I don’t even know how to praise you ……”
Xiao Min looked at Chen Ping with admiration, her face full of excitement!
“You practice your kung fu well and you can be as bullish as me in the future ……”
Chen Ping smiled lightly!
“Demon, you are really a demon ……”
Hu Ma Zi looked at Chen Ping and said with an exclamation.
Ji Ru Xue didn’t say anything, but the tenderness in her eyes was undisguised as she looked at Chen Ping.
Feeling Ji Ru Xue’s gaze, Chen Ping however looked somewhat helpless and embarra*sed!
When Hu Ma Zi saw this, he smiled faintly!
………………
News of Chen Ping killing Zhou Tianyin spread through the Martial Dao Forum in a very short period of time!
Everyone was surprised at how quickly Chen Ping’s strength had grown!
Amongst these people, the most surprised was that Zhu Zhishan, who was on his way to Southwest Wancheng at this moment.
He was preparing to kill Chen Ping, but now such news had broken out, causing Zhu Zhishan to have a dilemma.
He knew Zhou Tianyin’s strength very well, and it was on a par with his own.
But now, that Zhou Tianyin had been killed by Chen Ping?
If he went to kill Chen Ping, would he still be sure?
He could not understand how Zhou Tianyin could have been killed by Chen Ping.
But now Zhu Zhishan had an arrow on the string, no matter what Chen Ping’s strength was, Zhu Zhishan had to kill Chen Ping.
If Chen Ping did not die, then it would be him who would die.
Slowly, Zhu Zhishan took out a dark orb from his pocket, which seemed to be covered with dark clouds and a lightning bolt flashed continuously!