Only to see Ye Liancheng striking out ten thousand rays of light with a palm that came to cover the sky!
Worthy of being a cultivator of the ninth rank of the Transition Realm, the power that erupted from this casual palm was simply not something that Chen Ping could resist!
Moreover, there was a breath covering the holy pool, Chen Ping was afraid that if he couldn’t jump into the holy pool, he would become a blood mist just like those Ye family members!
Ye Liancheng had not even spared the Ye family for the sake of his son!
Golden light erupted from Chen Ping’s body as the Unbreakable Golden Body covered his entire body!
Immediately after that, Chen Ping took out the clock!
A stream of spiritual energy was continuously fed towards that clock!
“Quickly activate, quickly activate ……”
Chen Ping knew that in order to rush past Ye Liancheng’s aura, he had to utilise the clock’s time spell in order to do so!
It looked like Chen Ping was about to run headlong into the breath laid down by Ye Liancheng, but the clock was unresponsive!
This made Chen Ping anxious!
Above Chen Ping’s head, ten thousand rays of light shot out!
Roar …………
Just as Chen Ping was anxious, there was a sudden roar of a demonic beast!
The clock in Chen Ping’s hand flashed with light, and the hands unexpectedly moved!
Chen Ping was surprised to find that the flow around him suddenly became very slow!
The light that was originally as fast as lightning now seemed to be like fireworks, falling down little by little!
The breath covered by the Holy Pool also turned into a ripple-like, slow flow in Chen Ping’s eyes!
When Chen Ping looked around, everything seemed to have stood still, the flow of time almost coming to a halt!
Chen Ping’s mouth smiled, he knew that he had succeeded!
As for Ye Liancheng at this moment, his eyes were wide open as if he had seen a ghost!
In Ye Liancheng’s eyes, a strange space suddenly appeared around Chen Ping’s body, and his ten thousand rays of light, as they entered this strange space, became incredibly slow, as if they had stopped!
Ye Liancheng simply did not know that Chen Ping was using a Time Manifestation!
Because the area affected by the Time Manifestation was not large, only a few metres around Chen Ping’s body, the flow of time was affected!
Chen Ping’s body was slowly descending, easily passing through Ye Liancheng’s aura covering the sacred pool!
The entire person fell into the Sacred Pool!
After Chen Ping entered the Sacred Pool, the flow of time instantly returned to normal!
The corner of Chen Ping’s mouth lifted up as he felt the peculiar aura in the Sacred Pool!
“Little Heaven Swallowing Beast, thank you so much ……”
Chen Ping knew that if it wasn’t for that Heaven Swallowing Beast, he was afraid that he hadn’t been able to open that clock!
After Chen Ping entered the Sacred Pool, he quickly swam towards the bottom!
When Ye Liancheng saw that Chen Ping had actually jumped into the Sacred Pool, he instantly roared in anger!
“Damn it, I will definitely break you into pieces ……”
Ye Liancheng cursed and looked at the holy pool, and after hesitating for a moment, he jumped in himself!
Ye Liancheng knew that the more people that entered this holy pool, the more help it would surely provide to each person would diminish!
However, there was nothing he could do now, he had to catch up with Chen Ping before he could do so!
If his own son was disturbed, resulting in his bloodline not being remodelled, then the Ye Family would have no one to succeed him!
At this time, Chen Ping, desperately swimming downwards, wanted to probe out his divine sense, but found that his divine sense could not be emitted here at all!
Moreover, the water was so cold that Chen Ping felt as if he had fallen into an ice cave!
It was as if his body was going to be frozen.
Chen Ping was very puzzled, how did the pool water not freeze even with such an icy cold aura in the pool water?
Chen Ping ignited a ball of Supreme Fire at his dantian!
This made himself feel a lot more comfortable, although he did not feel the icy cold stinging his bones anymore, but the clear pool water was not able to be seen very far, it was as if this pool water always had a foggy look to it!
Although it could not be seen, but the sound could travel a long way here!
Chen Ping heard a plopping sound, it should be that Ye Liancheng had jumped in as well!
Chen Ping hurriedly kept himself from making a single sound and then headed towards the bottom of the pool!